VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 14.
PLATT'S UNEXPECTED VICTORY
Defeats His Enemies in the Con
test Before the National
Committee.
McKINLEY MEN WILL CHOOSE THE VICE
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE.
The Choice Lies Between Evans of Tennessee,
Hobart of New Jersey, Dingley of Maine,
Hawley of Connecticut and Mor
ton of New York.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— The princi
pal feature of to-day's developments was
the unexpected victory won by the Platt
forces in the contest before the National
Committee over the delegates from the
Fourteenth New York City District By
a vote of 22 to 25 the committee decided
that Cornelius Bliss and S. Van Ren
selaer Crueger (anti-Platt) were not en
titled to a full vote each.
On the motion, however, that Messrs.
Carroll and Barnes (Platt men) were prop
erly elected, so strong a division of senti
ment was created that it became apparent
that an all-night session might be neces
sary to complete this and the two other
New York cases.
The only element of uncertainty in the
Presidential race, besides the financial
plank, is the convention's choice lor
second place. Ex-Senator Warner Miller
of New York refuse? to permit the uae of
his name and advances reasons why he
could not and would not accept the nomi
nation. Henry Clay Evans of Tennessee
is a strong candidate and will probably re
ceive a large vote in the convention.
Mr. Hobart of New Jersey is also well
regarded, and the New Jersey politicians
are working earnestly in his behalf.
It is obvious, however, that the Vice-
President will be named by the McKinley
forces. They are easily masters of the sit
ution, and the man of their choice will be
thp man to whom this honor will be given.
At present they are undecided 88 to the
Cw ursa tiiey shall pursue.
'.''here ia a general disposition among
them to select an Eastern man, and it is
for this reason that an ancient "boom"
was started by some of the number to-day
for ex-Governor Dingley of Mainf. Senator
Hawley of Connecticut is well regarded by
them, but at present they are more inter
esind in the platform and other matters of
detail than the Vice-Presidency.
So far as the platform is concerned there
i? apparently no doubt that it will declare
against the free coinage of silver, except
by international agreement, at any ratio,
and for the maintenance of the present
standard. On such a platform Chauncey
M. Depew says New York State can be
carried Dy 200,000 majority.
MANY SEATS CONTESTED.
The National Committee Kept Busy
Settling Disputes.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— When the
National Committee met at 10:30 to-day
tne Tennessee cases were taken up. There
were three contests from this State, H. L.
W. Cheatham and J. B. Bosley (colored)
of the Sixth District being challenged by
J. C Crawley (colored) and Dau W. Spof
ner. In the Ninth District tbe credentials
of David A. Nunn and Henry E. Austin
were claimed by John &. Walker and
J. EDWARD ADDICKS OF DELAWARE.
Mr. Addicks is one of the Delegates-at-large from the State of
Delaware, whose seat is contested by ex-Senator Anthony Higgins.
Over this case quite a sensational dispute arose before the National
Committee at its session on Friday, and it was of Mr. Addicks that
Senator Thurston exclaimed: "I would not vote for him if his vote
was needed to make the next President of the United t tates." After
considerable discussion it was decided to refer the whole matter to
the National Convention.
The San Francisco Call.
Robert E. McKeely. Both contests were
based upon alleged irregularities in the
calls for and the proceedings of the dis
trict committees. In the Sixth District,
on motion of Mr. Manley, Cheatham and
Bosley were seated.
The Ninth District case was productive
of elaborate argument on both sides, after
which Nunn and Austin were seated.
They are McKinleyites, as are the contest
ants. Only five minutes were devoted to
the contest in the Tenth District. The
regular delegates, William A. Randolph
and Zachary Taylor, were seated. They
and the contestants are McKinleyites.
At 11 :30, by special order, the considera
tion of South Carolina cases was taken up
and a large delegation of whites and blacks
filed into the room. The contest was be
tween the "Regulars " and the so-called
'Lily Whites."
Colonel Ellery L. Melton of Columbia,
S. C, the recognized leader of the "Lily
Whites," opened for himself and his asso
ciate contestants, taking the position that
the disfranchisement or otherwise of 80,000
South Carolina Republicans depended
upon the action of the committee. The
State, he said, was enthusiastic for protec
tion, and while this contest was not one of
preferences, yet a favorable decision to his
side would bring the State into line with
Republican Kentucky.
Ex-Congressman Thompson of Ohio,
general counsel for the contestants of Mc-
Kinley preferences, submitted the facts in
the case of the opposing delegation, which
included Robert Smalls, the well-known
colored leader, and Eugene Webster, for
years at the head of the dominant Repub
lican faction in South Carolina.
In his own behalf Mr. Smalls made a
bitter attack uooii liis opponents. The
"Lily Whites," he insisted, had no stand
ing in the State. They had no excuse for
existence and they were entitled to neither
the recognition nor the respect of the Re
publicans of the Nation. In the city of
Charleston Colonel Melton had said 2500
white men were ready to join the 'Lily
White" party. The facts were, said Smalls,
that perhaps that number of men or more
were willing to join — not so much the Re
publican party as any purty that would
help them to "down" Tillman and his dis
pensary law and give them free rum in
their city and homes.
Committeeman Brayton, also a con
testant, spoke in his dual capacity. He
was repeatedly interrupted by Senator
Thurston, who at one point asked whether
or not the "Lily Whites" had not adopted
the "club" (or black and white club) sys
tem. Colonel Brayton replied in the af
firmative and Senator Thurston rejoined,
"Neither the Republican party nor the
convention will tolerate an organization
that does not permit every man to take
part in all preliminary proceedings."
"What about the League of Republican
Clubs, of which you have been presi
dent*?" retorted Colonel Brayton.
"That's another matter," replied the
Senator, and a laugh went around the
room.
Tne rival delegations having withdrawn,
liong of Florida promptly moved the seat
ing ot the Webster-Smalls party. Colonel
Settle, proxy for Cowles, of North Caro
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 14, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS, WHO HAS BEEN SELECTED AS TEM
PORARY CHAIRMAN OF THE CONVENTION.
Mr. Fairbanks is one of the delegates-at-large from Indiana, and is recognized as an ardent
supporter of McKinley. His selection for the temporary chairmanship renders it reasonably certain
that the organization of the convention will be conducted in the interests of the Ohio man.
lina, proposed as a substitute the seating
of the Bray ton people.
A vote resultea in the rejection of the
substitute by 29 to 21. This was first blood
for the anti-Lily Whites, but when the
motion to seat the Webster-Smalls delega
tion was about to be put Fessenden of
Connecticut moved that the Delaware
precedent be followed and both sides be
excluded from the temporary roll.
Delegate Catton of New Mexico moved
that each delegation be selected with a
half vote each. This wa3 defeated 16 to
32. The question recurred to Pessenden's
motion to exclude both delegations and re
fer the issue to the convention. Another
roll was demanded. Acainthe Lily Whites
encountered defeat, 16 to 34. Then the
minority gave up the fight and the Web
ster-Smalls delegation was seated on a
viva voce vote with about ten noes.
This takes out of the convention a total
of sixteen delegates who are noted in
Mr. Hanna's handbook as having "Reed
preferences." At 1:40 a recess of twenty
minutes for lunch was ordered.
The first business of the afternoon ses
sion was the selection of temporary offi
cers, after which the committee resumad
consideration of the contest cases.
All the Webster or regular delegates
from the ueveral districts in South Caro
lina were seated. All are for McKinley.
The Texas contests were then taken up,
and a regiment of white and negro Re
publicans from that State was ushered
into the room. As outlined by Chairman
Carter the contest was a three-cornered
one, there being three delegations at large
of four members each, with contests in
each of the twelve Congressional districts,
several having two sets of contestants. Of
the rival delegations at large one headed
by John Grant was instructed for McKin
ley, the second, headed by Nelson W.
Cuney (colored), is divided between Alli
son and Reed, and the third, headed by
H. F. McGregory, has its preferences given
as two Allison, one Reed and one Mc-
Kinley.
Mr. McGregor, whose party is variously
known as the "Regulars," the "Reform
ers" and the "Lily Whites," opened what
proved to be an all-round, free-for-all de
bate. John Grant, State chairman of what
he also claimed to be the regular organiza
tion, characterized the others as frauds.
Tbere was a buzz of surprise when Colonel
Grant declared that charges of fraud and
corruption against the Texas delegation to
the Minneapolis convention of 1892 were
a part of his case, and that the facts would «
be found in affidavits which he threw on
the chairman's table. No questions were
asked on this point, however, and the affi
davits are untouched upon the table.
The case for the "Black-and-Tans," as
Grant's party is known, was further ar
gued by Hon. G. H. Terrell, Minister to
Belgium under President Harrison, and
that for the McGregorites by C. N. 1/ove
(colored) of Galveston.
The first question to be decided was
which of the two delegations represented
the regular party organization, and the
vote was in favor of the Grant (McKinley)
faction. This much settled, the claims of
the latter to seats in the convention were
challenged by the rival delegation, headed
by Nelson W. Cuney, the colored member
of the National Committee.
Ex-Minister Terrill made a second argu
ment, this time supporting the Cuney
delegation, of which he is a member.
The committee went into executive ses
sion and discussed the case for three-
I quarters of an hour. A motion to seat the
I Cuney delegation was defeated by 17 to 25.
i Then Mr. Fessenden of Connecticut moved j
I that both sets of delegates be excluded
| from the temporary roll. This proposi
i tion was favored and the question as to
who are the proper delegates at large from
Texas must be settled in the convention.
At 5:40 o'clock Mr. Jlanley announced
that there yet remained twenty-two con-
I tests, involving forty-eight delegates. Al
j lowing a half hour to each case :t would
I take the committee eleven hours to com
| plete this branch of its labors. Tbe room
in which they were meeting, ne said,
would have to be surrendered ie twenty
minutes, but the New York delegation had
offered the use of the ladies' ordinary, of
which it had possession until >i p. m. to
morrow. Several urged an all-right ses
sion until that hour, but no action was
taken, and the First Texas District contest
was called.
In this district the claims of David Tay
lor and M. D. Dawson (both colored), with
McKinley preferences, were recognized,
j and their names placed on the roll. In
the Second District the Heed contestants,
G. W T . Burkett and J. H. Brintley (col
ored), claimed that Colonel Webster
Flanagan, who resides in another district,
came to their convention and controlled it
upon alleged proxies from counties in
which no organization existed.
Colonel Flanagau, who was called from
the anteroom by order of the committee,
denounced this as an "unmitigated lie,"
whereupon William McDonald (colored),
who represented the contestants, threw a
package of affidavits down at Flanagan's
feet and dared him to repeat the state
ment. Flanagan held his peace and kept
his temper, and the committee quickly
disposed of the case by setting H. B. Kane
and T. T. Pollard, the regular (McKinley)
delegation.
A few moments after the committee re
convened to-night, a decided sensation
was created by the appearance of Senator
Mathew S. Quay of Pennsylvania. With
a nod and a smile for the friends that he
recognized on his right and left, he walked
with a jaunty air up the aisle, shook hands
with Mr. Carter, seated himself at a corner
of the secretary's table, reached for a sheet
of foolscap and commenced to write rap
idly. He had hardly finished writing
when Colonel Perry Carson, the colored
National Committeeman from the District
of Columbia, came rapidly into the hall
and found his way to the rear of thePenn
« sylvan ia Senator.
The latter ceased writing on the moment
and Colonel Carson, taking the pen from
his hand, attached his signature to the
sheet upon which the Senator had writ
ten. Thereupon the colored committee
man withdrew. A few moments later it
developed that the document was a proxy,
under which Senator Matthew S. Quay
was "authorized to sit in the National
Committee as the proxy for Perry Carson,
until such proxy was withdrawn." The
Senator took a seat in the front row of
the committee and listened witn interest
to the presentation of the remainder of
the Texas contests.
"Yes, I air a committeeman for the
time being." said the Senator, in response
to an inquiry. "I am here on sufferance,
as it were, as I hold the proxy of Perry
Carson. I shall stay here uming the con
sideration of the contests from Pennsyl
vania and maybe longer, if Garson does
not put me out." •
«'I am foot-loose for the rest of the
night," said Colonel Carson, a few mo
ments later, "and am glad of it. I have
given my proxy to Mr. Quay and he can
use it as long as he wants to. He can stay
there until they adjourn sine die before I
am likely to put him out."
Consideration of the Texas cases was re
sumed. The contestants in the Third,
Fourth and Fifth districts failed to put in
an appearance and Webster Flanagan, J.
W. Butler. C. M. Ferguson, H. C. Gore, C.
A. Lyon and William Johnson, McKinley
ites, were placed on the roll from these
districts. In the Sixth District J. M. Me-
CormacK and Robert Armstrong, McKin
leyites, were seated, while in the Seventh
W. F. Crawford and B. F. Wallace (col
ored), both supporters of Mr. Reed, were
seated over the McKinley delegates, in
both contests the decisions were based
upon the evidence concerning the irregu
larity of the conventions at which the
delegates were selected. In the Eighth
District the regular delegates, Marion Mul
lins and W. J. Wasson, were placed upon
the roll, the contestants failing to appear.
There was a warm contest in the Tenth
District, the Ninth having been passed,
between the alleged regular delegates,
Henry G. Green and G. L. Seabright, both
Continued on Second JPaoe.
GENERAL LEW WALLACE, DELEGATE AT LARGE FROM
INDIANA.
One of the most interesting characters seen on the floor of the
convention will be Lew Wallace, soldier, author, diplomat and poli
tician. He says that a politician to succeed must be honest. He be
lieves in a gold standard, and asserts that nothing can prevent the
nomination of William McKinley.
LEW WALLACE ON PRINCIPLE
Believes the Republican Platform
Should Be Short, Sharp and
Decisive.
FIRST IN ORDER IS A FIRM DECLARATION
FOR THE GOLD STANDARD.
Harmony, Urges the Veteran Soldier and Diplomat,
and Not the Use of Deceptive Phrases,
Will Achieve Success for the
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 13.— Bright and
early this morning I called upon General
Lew W r aliace in his hieh and airy room on
the eighth floor of the Planters' Hotel. A
gentle bass voice responded to my knock
and bade me enter, and the next moment
I stood in the presence of the author of
"Ben-Hur," a romance destined to endure
as a tall and shining monument marking
the greatness of American literary genius.
The General is a man of medium height
and symmetrical build, very plainly
dressed in a suit of dark blue. His hair,
of that dark olive tinge seen in moldy
straw, was brushed down over his fore
head in a neglige bang. The strong eye
brows, formerly jet black, are now streaked
with gray, giving them the appearance of
having been powdered. They arch above
a pair of black eyes, not of the narrow,
piercing, Indian kind, in whose inky
depths may be seen the glow of bidden,
volcanic fires, but tender with the sad and
kindly dreaminess of the poet.
As they look at you through the specta
cles worn by the author and diplomat you
feel disappointed. Instead ot the light
ning flash and the burst of flame from the
mountain peaks of a mighty soul you be
hold the soft glow of the rose reflected in
the peaceful pool. The chin of the poet is
concealed by a gray imperial, closely
cropped and topped with a pair of flowing
mustachios, also gray. These, with an
aquiline nose not too long for symmetry
i. or yet too short for strength, impart a
military air. His appearance, however, is
the only thing military about him.
Viewed at closer range the soldier's cloak
and chapeau fall off and the gown of the
student stands revealed.
So with the bass voice. The ear that
listens to it expects to hear the thunderous
tones of a Command to charge, but instead
there Is3tt«9 from benoatti teoue -martial
mustachios a voice soft and low and desti
tute of that quality which makes the
echoes answer. So it is also with the
hands, the backs of them browned and
freckled by the sun, just like the soldier's,
who on Arizona's scorching sands swings
his saber over his bead, swishing it in a
circle of glittering light. But the lingers
are plump and tapering, the kind with
which poets and artists are born.
The most noticeable deviation from the
normal in the makeup of General Wallace
i 3 his ears. They are very large and very
broad above the horizontal middle line,
and set modestly close to the head. Of the
phrenological significance of a large ear of
that kind, I am ignorant, but when it is
found on the head of a man like General
Wallace, I should say that the ear was
built to minister to the cravings of the
mind at one of whose gates it stands, and
that its office was to receive, in their fullest
tones, the sweet songs of nature, inaudible
to the soul that sleeps in grossness, but
resonant as 10,000 choirs to him whose lips
tbe muses kissed before the eyes awakened
to the light of life.
The General held a fragrant cigar be
tween his fingers and puffed it with the
satisfaction of one who enjoys the pleasant
things of earth. This was in keeping with
the Bohemian character of his bang, and
with the silver -stoppered wicker -flask
which stood handily near on a small table
and which no doubt contained smelling
salts or perfumed water to counteract the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Party.
southern heat that lurked threateningly
on the hazy horizon.
When asked as to whether he had done
any literary labor lately the general, with
a smile, remarked that; he nad just com
pleted a work, and that h« had placed it in
cold storage. At the end of live or six
months he would thaw it out and see how
it looked, and if he was satisfied with its
keeping qualities be would give it to the
world.
"Is it a romance or a polemic?" I asked.
"Nevermind," he replied, with a twinkle
in Liis eyes, "I shan't say what it is, ex
cept that it is a new departure for me."
As the general has written all his poetry
thus far in prose it is not unlikely that the
volume on ice is poetry in meter.
His reticence, however, did not extend
to politics, for when I put on my skates
and asked him what was the chief requi
site for success in politics he answered
without the slightest hesitation:
"The chief requisite for success in poli
tics is an honest, straightforward declara
tion of principle — no rhetoric in it, but the
shortest, simplest declaration that can be
put into words clearly expressive of the
exact idea, in order that it may go to the
people to consider as they will consider it.
That is the first thing.
"The next in importance is that the
Republican party all over the country —
on the Pacific Coast and on the Atlantic
Coast — wherever there is a fragmentary
organization should be united in princi
ple, in work and in harmony. If these
two things can be brought about or ac
complished we can win gloriously, but if
there is any attempt to deceive the people
or to cover up by mysterious expression
or use of uncertain or deceptive words
there will be danger.
"There ia a mighty great doubt abroad
in this r.r.untry." cob tiuuoU the genera!,
"with respect to this entire platform busi
ness. PlaLforms a column or two or two
or three columns in length mean ruin at
this particular crisis. Nobody will stop
to read them. There should be no argu
ment in a declaration of principles in a
platform, for argument weakens a declara
tion of principles. If a declaration is not
of itself sufficiently clear to be understood
without a historical statement and with
out rhetoric it would be better left out
altogether."
General Wallace added emphatically:
"The highest and most absolute requisite
to gain the confidence of the people and
to achieve success in politics is to be hon
est. You remember the stilted Minne
apolis platform? Well, 1 venture to say
not a fourth of the great mass of Republi
cans in this country have read that plat
form from beginning to end or with, the
slightest care."
General Wallace was next requested to
state what, in his opinion, were the two
most important issues before the people,
and he replied that the first was to get
sew to«day: '■'£
J /A TT i i f i /\ t\
A warm shampoo with Cuticttra Soap,
followed by gentle applications of Ctrri-
cuba (ojntment), the great skin cure, will -
clear the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate the hair follicles, and produce
a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair,
when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Trie*. <^ T c r^£
Soap. 2.*.; Rerolveht. Me and 11. Pottm Dkoo
»vii Cm M Cori 1 .. Me Prop*., BoHon.
* I "Mnw t" T'rrw'.nc" l.nxurUnt Hair." mailed free.
LE.YI STRAUSS
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
OV£BAiLS
AND
mm BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED;
#01 SALE EVERYWHERE,2
money enough from the revenues to run
the Government without being obliged to
borrow, and the second was to have a
plain declaration with respect to finance.
On the Presidential contest he said, with
an air of conviction, that bo far as the
candidate for the Presidency was con
cerned, that matter had been boiled down
to the unmixed fact that McKinley would
be the nominee.
"Tom Piatt and others," he added, "are
trying to make trouble, but the most of
the delegates to this convention are smil
ing at them. Sometimes the smile is con
cealed; socaet'Eies it is broadly on their
faces; sometimes they punctuate the
smiles with a little bit of expectoration of
their favorite brand of tobacco. The
question as tfc the identity of the man who j
is to be the nominee of the party for the
Presidency is beyond all doubt or possi
bility of doubt or failure. McKinley is the
man."
Speaking of the prospective platform
General Wallace said that the first decla
ration should be in favor of a cold stand
ard. He emphasized this: "Put it broadly
so that no man can be deceived — in favor
of a gold standard as the basis of the cur
rency in the United States. The next
declaration should be that the Republican
party recognizes that the onty legiti
mate manner in which the Government ]
can protect the mining industry of this j
country, which is entitled to respect, is by
bringing about an international agreement J
for the use cf gold and silver, fixing the
ratio by international agreement. Even
Democrats are insisting that their tariff
bill is a dead failure and that the Govern
ment is perishing because of it. The Re
publican position is to protect the home
producer. Wool, which is one of the
great industries of the Pacific Coast,
should be protected."
This terminated ths interview and I slid |
down the elevator to the regions of bustle
and politics.
It is understood that the author of "Ben
Hur" will be appointed to a hign position
in the diplomatic service in the event of!
Mr. McKinley's election.
Joh.v Pavl Cosgrave.
M'KINLEY BY ACCLAMATION
An Ohio Committeeman Predicts
That Will Be the Result.
FT. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— Three days
before the convention only one thing is
certain and that is that Major McKinlev
will be nominated on the first baliot and
perhaps by acclamation.
At this time it seems that only five
names will be presented, viz.: Major Mc-
Kinley of Ohio, who will be placed in
nomination by Joseph B. Foraker of Ohio;
Thomas B. Reed of Maine, whose name
will be presented by Henry Cabot Lodge;
Mathew Stanley Quay of Pennsylvania,
by Governor D. H. Hastings of that State;
William B. Allison of lowa, who will be
nominated by D. H. Baldwin of lowa, and
Levi P. Morton of New York, whose name
will be presented by Cbauncey M. Depew.
It would indeed be singular and unpre
cedented if McKinley should be nominated
by acclamation, bat there is a possibility
of it. One of the McKinley managers
emerged from Senator Quay's room this
afternoon with his face wreathed in
smiles. He declared to The Call corre
spondent:
"There will be no rollcall in the Presi
dential convention. If you want to score
a beat on your contemporary you had
better telegraph that McKinley will be
nominated by acclamation."
•'Did Quay tell you so?"
"I am not answering questions. What
Senator Quay said to me in confidence I
am not at liberty to repeat, but there will
be no ballot, no rollcall."
""Would yon. have said this before you
went in to see Quay?"
"Perhaps not. Don't forget, now, there
will be no rollcall."
"Do you mean to say that Quay has
agreed to withdraw his name after all the
nominating speeches have been made?''
"I didn't say so, but McKinley will be
nominated by acclamation."
All this means that the several candi
dates propose to have a show. Their good
qualities will be presented to the National
Convention in glowing gems of oratory.
Every candidate will be given a chance for
his white alley. The convention visitors
will enjoy the orations. They will pro
long the session and afford a great theatri
cal entertainment, but as the member of
the National Committee from Ohio has
eaid, there may be no rollcall. Orators like
Foraker, the magnificent; Depew, the rhet
orical; Baldwin of lowa, Thurston of Ne
braska, Hastings of Pennsylvania and
Lodge of Massachusetts have prepared
great efforts for this occasion and they
must not be suppressed.
Notwithstanding the enthusiastic dec
laration of the McKinley man that th*^e
will be no ballot on the Presidential
question, it must be said that the pos
sible nomination by acclamation depends
upon the platform adopted. It is under
stood here to-night that this evening's
New York Post contains a double-leaded
editorial professing to have received re
liable information that the platform will
contain the word "gold," and heralding
the news as a great victory for Thomas C.
Platt. A few others here on the ground
claim the McKinley managers have agreed
to allow the use of the word "gold" in the
platform, but the great majority of poli
ticians and pressmen believe that the
modified Indiana platform will be adopted.
It reads as follows:
"We are firm and emphatic in our de
DECORATIONS AT McKINLEY'S HEADQUARTERS.
mand for honest money. We believe that
our money should not be inferior to the
money of the most enlightened nations of
the earth. We are unalterably opposed to
every scheme that threatens to debase or
depreciate our currency. We favor the
use of silver as currency, but to the extent
only and under such regulations that its
parity with gold can be maintained, and
in consequence are opposed to the free, un
limited and independent coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1."
The last seven words may be stricken
out, for if left in the plank the inference
might be drawn that while the resolution
declared against 16 to 1 another ratio might
be acceptable, when in fact the plank will
not seek to recognize, even by inference,
free silver coinage at any ratio.
The silver men have been anxiously
awaiting the arrival of Senator Teller be
fore holding their caucus. Senator Teller
arrived to-night, but was tired out, and
the caucus was postponed until to-morrow.
Senator Teller did not register, but for his
own comfort secluded himself in some
private residence and very few know his
whereabouts. One of the leading radical
free silver men declared to The Call corre
spondent to-night that it was perfectly
true that if the silver men perceived the
danger of a "straddle" on the money
question they would join hands with the
straight out gold men.
"But how could the silver men justify
their course? How could they explain
their conduct to their constituents?' The
Call correspondent asked.
The free silverite replied: "We know
we cannot secure a free-coinaee declara
tion, and we intend that the people shall
understand what sort of financial plank
they are voting for. There must be no
evasion —no makeshift. Therefore we
would gladly join hands with the 'gold
bugs' and let a gold-bug platform be
adopted. Then we would defeat it over
whelmingly at the polls in November."
The Vice-Presidential result is in as
much doubt as the financial plank of the
platform. Governor Morton's telegram to
Depew to-day, positively stating that he
will not Bccept the Vice-Presidential
nomination, ought to leave Mr. Mor
ton out of all calculations, but
still there are those who believe that the
anxiety of the McKinley men to have
Morton on the ticket will yet induce tliem
to give Mr. Platt the recognition he seeks
in Ntw York State. But if Morton per
sists in his refusal the tickef. will be
"McKinley and Hobart," "McKinley and
Evans" or "McKinley and Dingley."
Mr. Evans of Tennessee is a victim of
disadvantageous geographical location.
While he is very popular, it is conceded
that the preponderance of sentiment fa
vors an Eastern man. "McKinley and
Hobart" is yet the ticket that finds most
favor. Dingley of Maine is the latest sug
gestion for Vice-President. "McKinley
and Dingley" would indeed make a fine
team as well as a fine euphonious jingle
for the campaign rhymesters.
C. C. Carlton.
FAIRBANKS FOR CHAIRMAN.
He Will Preside When the Conven
tion Is Opened.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 18. —The selection
of temporary officers of the convention
was a special order for 2 p. m., tut it was
considerably after that time before the
National Committee convened. It set to
work immediately.
On nomination of Mr. de Young of San
Francisco, seconded by Mr. Kerens of
Missouri, C. W. Fairbanks of Indiana was
unanimously selected as temporary chair
man of the National Republican Conven
tion. The committee laid on the table a
request of ex-Secretary Richard Thomp
son of Indiana risking a postponement of
action on the temporary chairmanship
until his arrival.
Colonel C.W. Johnson of Minnesota, who
was secretary of the convention of 1892 at
Minneapolis, was unanimously choseii
secretary of this convention.
W. G. Riley of Kansas City was made
first assistant; H. H. Smith, Washington,
second assistant, and A. B. Humphrey of
New York third assistant secretary.
For chaplain Kabbi Samuel Sale of St.
Louis was nominated by Mr. Scott of Vir
ginia and unanimously selected.
The following were selected as tem
porary reading clerks: J. H. Stone, Wash
ington; F. 11. Wilson, Missouri; John R.
Malloy, Columbus, Ohio; R. 8. Hatcher,
Indiana; J. R. Benson, New York.
THE FINE HAND OF HANNA.
It Is Everywhere in Evidence In St.
Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June la— Although it
is rather early to estimate the things
which are by the things which appear,
the conviction is settling in the minds of
delegates and spectators alike that there
is a most surprising lack of enthusiasm
over the prospective nomination of Mr.
McKinley. It would not be exaggeration
to say that his nomination is a foregone
conclusion, but there does not seem to be
much handshaking going on and the
scarlet badges of the Bonaparte from Ohio
have not yet begun to stream like a pen
nant oi flame across the spacious lobby of
the Southern Hotel. Neither do they
light up the retina with a ruddy glow in
the more secluded and aristocratic lobby
of the Planters' Hotel.
There are some political weather clerks
who attempt to explain the coolness of
temperature and absence of wind by the
fact that an abnormally high Hanna is act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
SENATOR HENRY M. TELLER OF COLORADO.
Senator Teller is one of the most earnest champions of the white metal in this country. It is
intimated that if a gold plank is inserted in the platform he may bolt the convention. If this should
happen it has been predicted that he will be nominated for President by the Populists, and that he
may be tendered a similar honor at the hands of the free-silver element in the Democratic party.
Under the circumstances, therefore, the Senator is a very much talked of man.
ing as a barrier to the circulation of other j
candidates toward the head of the ticket. ]
However this may be it looks to me as
though the splendid generalship and the
surpassing finesse of Mark Hanna has sur
prised the enemy while sleepin.' in camp
on the evening before the battle and ut
terly routed and stampeded them.
There can be no doubt that he had an
unlimited supply of money (gold stand-
I ard) to work with; nor is there any dits
i pute as to the fact that he went into the
j field earlier than did any of the other
i great masters of political strategy and
erected a trocha across the line of fight
which they could not hope to carry by
storm. Long before the primaries were
talked of the trusted agents of Hanna had
made their combinations in every State in
the Union, and whatever promises or ca
jolery could not accomplish was effected
by more weighty considerations.
Hence, when the bugle sounded for bat
tle and the foemen were tightening their
saddle girths for the charge, they found
themselves surrounded and overmastered
by what appeared to be an overwhelming
force, and were thrown into a state of
helpless stupor, from which they have not
yet begun to recover. With Platt appar
ently outgeneraled, Clarkson stricken with
a painful disease and lying sick uuto death
in New Jersey, and Manley acting the un
manly and cowardly, if not traitorous
role, it is no wonder that the friends of
other candidates were thrown Into a
political panic and dropped their banners
in the dust without a blow. But who can
i foretell what changes twenty-four hours
j may not effect in a political convention in
which are confronted such giants as Mc-
Kinley, Allison, Reed and Morton.
The convention is peculiar in this fact.
All the candidates but one are playing the
role of dark horses. Their friends are
waiting, watching and hoping for what
ever turn of fortune the mysterious to
morrow may brinjr.
A serious charge is brought against
Major McKinley by one of the many
women correspondents who are digging
stories around the lobbies for newspapers
here and elsewhere. She told me that
when she called upon that gentleman sev
eral weeks ago he took her hand coldly
and gave her what is known as the society
! shake.
In the society shake the right arm as
-1 sumes the hgure of the letter V, the elbow
being the angle, of course. Then the
wrist is humped a little, the fingers are
stretched rigidly and close upon the mid
dle finger points of the person to be
honored. There is then an abrupt shake
of an inch downward with all of the
platonic expression of the claw of a dead
crab. Tne claws relax and the hand of
the unfortunate victim falls to his or her
side, as the case may be, with a n:uffled
thud and the thing ends.
I was given an object lesson in the so
ciety shake, as practiced in refined circles
in Missouri, the other day by a charming
lady from Alabama. I didn't offer to
shake hands with her when introduced,
merely contenting myself with raising my
hat and tucking it under my armpit. As
she offered her hand I fell into the trap
like the rest of the fools, and the lady
practiced the shake on me. 1 shall keep
my right hand in my pocket hereafter.
Now, that's what Bonaparte McKinley
did to the woman correspondent who
wanted to squeeze his palm in good old
fashioned style, and that's why she is
wearing a Morton badge conspicuously on
her heaving bosom.
It is hard to keep down a good State or a
good people. California is the one and
her people are the other, and to-day
the representatives of the land of the
orange, the olive and the vine, where the
oleander grows out of doors all the year
'round, moved into their headquarters on
the first floor of the Southern Hotel. It
is just opposite the elevator landing. Over
the door is draped a beautiful American
flae, that those who enter may walk be
neath its blessings. The room was for
merly the ladies' parlor. Next to that occu
pied by New Tork it is the largest apart
ment in this, one of the most beautiful
caravansaries of the South.
The mantel is of rich onyx and white
marble and is surmounted by a mirror of
French glass. The ceilings and walls are
draped in an artistic manner by persons
who have made such work their profes
sion and everywhere the stars and stripes
in silk and bunting are seen. Opposite
the entrance is the great seal of California
in colors of blue satin with the words
"California, 1850." On the mirror is drawn,
with soap, the life-size figure of a bear,
with the inscription, "Oar bear," proba
bly to prevent any mistase as to the
ownership of the bear. Two old ex-Cali
fornians, on entering the room this after
noon, were so much overcome with memo
ries of the past that they immediately
went out to brace their nerves with a
chew of cloves. And the end is not yet.
John Paul Cosgrave.
A FORAKER PLATFORM.
He Will Probably Be the Chairman
of That Committee.
ST. LOUTS, Mo., June 13.— Ex-Governor
Foraker of Ohio will be the choice of the
McKinUy men for the chairmanship of
the committee on resolutions. The pur
pose of this is to enable him to appoint
the sub-committee which will draft the
platforir, and which, in turn, it is under
stood, will request him to act as its chair
man ex-officio.
Some of the New England men desire
that the chairmanship shall be given to
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts, but the
McKinley people say that no necessity ex
ists for making this selection.
No doubt exists that the platform will
declare unmistakably for sound money.
The only uncertainty is as to the phrase
ology. It is believed, however, that it
will oppose any suggestion of free coinage
in any ratio, and demand the main
tenance cf the present standard.
It is also asserted the platform will con
tain a reference to Cuba; it will recite the
sympathy of the Republican party for the
Cuban patriots, and condemn President
Cleveland for having failed to recognize
their belligerency.
FREE COINAGE IS DEAD.
McKinley Men No Longer Afraid
of That Issue.
ST. LODIS, Mo., June 13.— The oft
postponed caucus of the free silver Sen
ators still hanes fire. There is no longer
any grave apprehension felt at the McKin
ley headquarters as to the result of this
caucus, because free coinage is dead at St.
Louis.
The fact that the free silver men are firm
in their determination to join the straight
out gold men in demanding a specific gold
platform after their own free silver prop
osition has been defeated causes
Mr. Hanna great anxiety, for the
gold sentiment is waxing stronger every
hour. On the other hand, every dispatch
that comes to him over the private wire
that runs from his room at the Southern
Hotel to Major McKinley's office at Can
ton reiterates the Ohio candidate's un
willingness to accept a specific gold plat
form. Mr. Hanna is therefore nsing
every effort to Drir.g about conciliation.
One of the methods by which he hopes
to conciliate the free silver men is a prom
ise to insert in the platform a clause de
nouncing the use of the veto power by the
President. This can be adopted and then
the McKinley managera will go to the sil
ver leaders and say:
"We have fixed things so that if you get
a free silver majority In both House and
Senate your free coinaee legislation can
become a law. The President will not
veto it. Yoc cannot expect to have a iree
coinage law unless you have a majority in
both Houses, That will be equitable, and
if the country sets fit to give you the neces
sary votes to enact silver legislation, the
President will not put an obstacle in your
path in the ihape of a veto."
The same argument will be used with
the gold standard Republicans. Repub
lican silver delegates, however, state that
they will accept no such clause. They in
sist that the convention must declare for
either silver or gold; no compromise or
makeshift will be entertained for a
moment. They claim that the financial
question is paramount, and must and shall
be made the issue. In their opinion, the
tariff is of secondary importance, and
much as the McKinley managers hope to
have that pushed to the front, they will be
doomed to disappointment, so far as the
silver men are concerned.
It is now recalled as very significant that
during the debate on the President's veto
of the general deficiency appropriation
bill in Congress, General Grosvenor and
other McKinley leaders of the House at
tacked the veto power vizoroasly. They
claimed that it was a most dangerous
power to lodge with the President, and
that it could be used to defeat the wishes
of the people. The friends of Major Mc-
Kinley were particularly bitter in their de
nunciation of this constitutional right,
and it is not unreasonable to suppose that
the speeches were not made simply be
cause the Chief Executive had exercised
his prerogative and returned the bill with
out his approval, but to cet in line for the
clause they now promise to have inserted
in the platform and thus keep the silver
men from joining forces with the gold
platform advocates. C. C. Carltox.
WHAT CLARKSON THINKS.
Wants Fair Play for the Party and
the Country.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— Ex-Senator
Platt to-night received the following from
J. S. Clarkson:
"Spring Lake, N. J., June 13, 1896.
''Hon. T. 0. Platt : 1 had hoped until to
day to be able to respond to my almost ir
resistible desire to be with you in the tight
you are so loyally and undauntedly mak
ing for fair play in the party aud fair play
for the country, but my trouble ob
stinately continues and my physician says
it would be foolhardy for me to attempt
the journey, so I must abandon the hope.
I can only express my keen regret for my
enforced absence and send you my thanks
and my congratulations lor the stanch
and inspiriting leadership you are so op
portunely showing at this time, when the
party so greatly needs its largest wisdom
in choosing its ticket.
"For its own sake the party Bhould
choose at St. Louis the safest and strong
est candidate to be found for its leader,
regardless of any man's ambition or any
faction's programme. For its own and
the country's sake too it should make its
declaration as plain and explicit for the
safest standard for money known to the
world and for protection to American in
dustries and unswerving loyalty to Ameri
can ideas. lam with you in these ideas,
ana so I believe are an actual majority of
the thinking and unemotional members
of the Republican party. A candidate for
President weak in any vital point or
principle, or a platform weak or evasive
on either of the two vital and Bupreme
current issues, would needlessly imperil
party success iv this otherwise apparently
invincible Republican year. You aud all
with you stand for the safest possible
ticket and the soundest possible platform,
and you are right in your position. You
deserve to win and I hope you may.
"James 8. Clabksox."
CHAS. LIPPITT'S CHANCES.
A Rhode Island Possibility for
Vice- President.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 13.— Charles
Warren Lippitt, Governor of Rhode Island,
who called on Major McKinley to-day, is
priming himself for the Vice-Presidential
nomination. This evening it was given
out that he wanted the Vice- Presidency
and wanted it badly, and that he was go
ing after it hard. To-morrow he will take
a train for St. Louis, and when he gets
there will open headquarters at the St.
Nicholas.
"We little fellows," said he to the U. P.
to-ni ht, "must step aside if the big ooes,
like Reed and Morton, want the office,
but if they don't, then I will take it."
3li»» /■ otherinyhatn'B Luck.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 13.— Miss
A. Fotheringham was appointed Postmis
tress of Fairfield, Cal., to-day.
PUTT GAINS A VICTORY.
OmUnued from I^irat Page.
colored and instructed for McKinley, and
R. B. Hawley (Reed) and M. M. Rogers
(Allison), both white. By unanimous con
sent Governor Warmoth of Louisiana was
permitted to apt>ear before the committee.
He made a plea in favor of the Hawley
delegation. Hawley and Rogers were
seated by 27 to 19.
When tde delayed Ninth district was
taken up, Committeeman Cuney of Texas,
in behalf of the contestants, W. B. Brush
(Allison) and A. L. Maynard (colored, Me-
Kiniey), refused to submit their case and j
announced that be would take it to the
National Convention. Thereupon the
committee placed the regular delegates,
Hugh Hancock and .Paul Fricke (McKin
ley) upon the temDorary roll.
The Eleventh District contest was be
tween James 0. Luby and George R. Town
send (colored, McKinley preferences) and
David Abner and R. B. Rentfro (Reed j
preferences.) Abner and Rentfro obtained
the seats.
The contest from the Twelfth District of
Texas was the next case called. The dele
gates were F. C. Balaine and Robert
Hondsche (McKinley); the contestants, C.
W. Ogden and Joseph Tweedy (Allison).
The two latter were placed on the roll.
The next case was that from the Thirteenth
District of Texas. Without discussion the
two regular delegates, Patrick Dooling and
0. T. Bacon (McKinley), were put on the
temporary roll. In the Alaska case the
names of both delegates and contestants
were placed on the temporary roll, with a
half vote each. The two delegates are for
McKinley and the two contestants for
Quay.
The vote on the Eleventh District of
Texas was reconsidered and the names of
the two delegates, James 0. Luby and
George R. Townsend (colored), preferences
for McKinley, were placed on the tem
porary roll.
The case of the Third District of Penn
sylvania was taken ud and both delegates
and contestants were placed on the tem
porary roll, with half votes. Tne dele
gates are J. H. Klemmer (McKinley) and
J. B. Anderson (Quay), and the contest
ants Henry Clay and Elwooa Becker (both
Quay). The vote was 29 to 19 and there
was no discussion.
NEW TO-DAY. •
Who steals my purse steals trash, but he who steals my
r ; name steals my all.
Our name has been stolen.
Unscrupulous imitators have sprung up everywhere,
adopting names almost identical with ours, and pretend-
. ■ ing to do a business such as ours.
It must stop!
To protect the public from these frauds we hence-
forth couple the firm name, S. N. WOOD & CO., with the
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS.
The Trade-Mark Is to clothing what "Sterling" is to
Silverware. It is a guarantee that you will get the best
clothing at wholesale prices.
AIl-Wool meres, Scotch Tweeds, Cheviots, Wors-
teds, Fancy Trouserings, etc. Suits made to order, $1O
to $20 ; pants to order, $3 to $6.
No garment allowed to leave the house unless a per-
fect fit. Best of trimmings and workmanship.
Your safeguard, return any garment not satisfactory.
i Quality fella TAILORS rW sells "
MARKET £/£\ ST^'c.'cT
Even though It Is a little out of your way. even
1 though it may be the first time you have gone
mi J-i:«i.i^ c v south of Market street foryour shoes? It in not only
Ine aeilgUtS 01 Cycling are a quest on of price with us, but also the asson-
enhanced by Owning a thor- ment, sn apes, styles »dc! the fit; for That attract.
ennanced Dy Owning a tnor- the new ldeaa in shoemaklng at prices that attract.
oughly high-grade wheel. Such rHII nDCW , c .
a wheel is the PIERCE. Every CHILDREN jj
detail perfect. Easy running. SUfIiVIER JTO I * r
STYLISH AND GRACEFUL. TA \ S^u
$ipo and $75. Pi 151
One of our many models will \S^i M^9 §
suit you. Call or write for \]g jf"^ I ''
OOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSON, _^^*\~mk
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS, S^^m^^^smt,Sl^Bm'
Market & Beale 333 J Street, CHILD'S FINE TAN GOAT BUTTON
SAN riIAN CISCO. SACRAMENTO. (chocolate shade), made on our new
* . square-toe shape, stylish toe-cap« »ad»"l .00
•■- ■ ■ ___-' . solid oak-tan double soles. vJ s ? x ..
Bl^MllAi»fj[||ffWfWH]ror^^ These shoes are only to be compared with those
R'J3lf \ T I ■ ll Alk ■L?| ■ B °Chfld 1 run from 6to IOVi only.
Bi I ■ ifl»l I BjH i,■ ,1 .111 Bnl ■ Have you the Sullivan Money-saver— the book
I ll\_i_g_P \ BJfii'llll'a M^J " of shoes for out-oi-the-town people? Sent free
DnßHnMßlßkiliißHlßH anywhere for the asking.
«*ft£^fe&-. FIFTY - DOLLAR I IVAN'S
i^S^ELECTRiC BELTS o
iPSiSC^i 1?ok $.5; $40 belts MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
J^lri'f^RScffiSl'.i^ r for S2O, and f3O Belts : .
Kfi^iF m^ffS for ?15; aIaOROOd belts for o n.'>'> Prwirtri street
-•tt^W^Kt^^i 5 - latest patent and all . 10-20-.** rOUrin aireei,
'\ ■ <Cl.f l '• Improvements. «3" Call
-iSTif or writ* for new pamphlet ' Just Below Market.
. v^t* No. 2. Address Dtt. ■ ' — . —
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny, . i
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. nmiA 1 1 V* A F° R BARBERS, BAK-
. ___ — RRlimil"K (> "' bootblacks, bath-
. PnUwliliV houses, billiard - tables,
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION. SS^«^u^£^^"»^"Sp
*..w>ib,b.b. '! lrlu 'v hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stabl*-
11>OCW I Dl 1 tiOi Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramantoltt
The next case was that of the Second
District of Virginia, The delegates were
George E. Bowden and R. M. Smith (Mc-
Kinley), and the contestants Alva A. Mar
tin and Harry Libbey (Reed). John S.
Wise, ex-Congressman, appeared for the
contestants, and got into an an^ry alterca
tion with Mr. Bowden, whom he de
nounced vehemently and passionately as a
political fraud. The names of the regulars
and of the contestants were placed on
the temporary roll (32 to 15) with half
votes. Tha New York cases were then
taken up.
The Sixth District was first called and
Mr. Sutherland, first stating that accord
ing to the newspapers the contestants had
withdrawn, moved that the regular dele
gates, Henry C. Saffen and G. W. Palmer
j (Morton men), be placed upon the roll.
The motion prevailed.
In the Seventh District case it was stated
that the papers which had been sent to
the secretary could not now be found and
that the contestants, Martin H. Healy
and Abram S. Cole, would not arrive until
Sunday. Mr. Sutherland asked unani
mous consent for a postponement until
j Monday morning, but it was refused. He
then moved that the names of Cornelius
Van Cott and Hugh Mcßoberts (Morton)
be placed upon the roll and it was so or
dered by a unanimous vote. In the Ninth
District another postponement was asked
and refused and Charles H. Murray and J.
J. Collins, the regular Morton delegates,
were placed on the roll.
The failure of the contestants in the pre
vious cases to appear was a surprise all
around; but the decks were cleared when
the contest of Howard Carroll and Thur
iow Weed Barnes against National Com
mitteeman Cornelius N. Bliss and S. V. R.
Kruger was reached, and the time was ex
tended for each side. Hon. John 3. Wise
appeared for Mr. Bliss, and at 11:20 en
tered upon a detailed history of the trouble
of the Twelfth District.
The thread of his argument was broken
by repeated queries from Senator Thurston
and others, and the narrative was not con
cluded when time was called. Congress
man Quijfg led the argument for Con
testants Carroll and Barnes. When Mr.
Quigg stated that no other name than that
of Mr. Krujter was submitted, William
Henkel, who was in the rear of the hall,
shouted a denial.
Mr. Qviigg repeated the statement and
Mr. Henkei retorted that he had named a
candidate. Considerable confusion en
sued and Chairman Carter warned stran-that no more interruptions would be
tolerated.
Mr. Quigg yielded at this point to allow
eight minutes to President Edward Lau
terbach of the County Committee to de
scribe how the roll of the convention was
made up. Closing the entire case Mr.
\Vise insisted that unchallenged delegates
were in attendance and voted. He quoted
a letter from ex -Secretary Tracy support
ing the legality of the surroundings of the
Bliss assemblage.
On taking his seat Mr. "Wise bombarded
Quigg with technical questions growing
aut of the irregularity of his convention.
Just as Mr. Sutherland resumed his seat
Mr. Wise created surprise by stating that
while Messrs. Bliss and Kruger were
abundantly satisfied with the justice of
their proposition they would be satisfied
with — and in fact asked as a matter of
courtesy— that they be made joint dele
gates and be placed on the temporary roll
with a half vote each. This was greeted
with ironical cries of "Oh!"
At 12:10 a. m. the committee went into
secret session. A moment later both sides
agreed to dispense with debate. Mr. Suth
erland moved the seating of Messrs. Car
roll and Barnes and Mr. Wilson (Del.)
made a similar motion for Messrs. Bliss
and Kruger. At 12:20 the roll was called
and resulted in a refusal to seat Bliss and
Kruger (anti-Platt men).
Secretary Burke, in response to a re
quest, proceeded to verify the rollcall.
Meanwhile, two votes were changed, and
the final result as announced was ayes 22,
noea 25.
Mr. Hahn moved that both delegates be
seated with a half vote each. Coffee and
sandwiches were brought at 12:40 a. m.
Debate was inaugurated and the com
mittee settled down for a siege. Notwith
standing the lateness of the hour, crowds
besieged the doors of the banqueting hall,
and in the rotunda and lobbies upstairs
and down the interest and excitement was
intense.
Mr. Hahn's motion to give each delegate
a half vote was carried — ayes 27, noes 23.
Mr. Sutherland then gave up all other
contests in the Thirteenth and Fifteenth
districts and proposed that the contestees
and contestants in each be seated with a
half vote. This was defeated, and a roll
call was demanded.
The committee voted 7 ayes to 39 noes
on the question of seating the other double
delegations, with a half vote each.
At 1:45 A. M. the committee took up the
contest in the Thirteenth New York Dis
trict, where William Brookrield and Gen
eral Anson McCook (McKinley), claimed
to be the regular delegates, and were chal
lenged by John Reisenmeher and Alex
ander T. Mason (Mortonites).
The case was opened with a detailed
statement by General McCook, who
claimed that the convention that nomi
nated him consisted of 169 delegates and
that the selection was by acclamation.
Congressman Quigg followed in behalf of
the Morton delegates, and those who, in
Mr. Hanna's handbook, have second
preference indicated as "Reed." He also
Kave his version of the split in the district,
and presented papers to show that the
convention which nominated McCook and
Brookfield was composed of but 183 out of
the 335 elected.
After Mr. Lauterbach had supplemented
the presentation of Mr. Quigg, the com
mittee went into secret session, and Mr.
Sutherland of New York admitted that
General McCook and Mr. Brookfield had
made out their case, and consequently
mov d that they be seated. Mr. Fessenden
seconded the motion, and the anti-Platt
delegates were placed on the roll by a
unanimous vote.
At 2:30 a. m. the Fifteenth District con-
M culled for hearing.
Before the case was gone into, Mr.
Yerkesof Kentucky complained that Mr.
Ltuterbach had been grossly insulted
while leaving the room in a way which,
under other circumstances, would have
justified a forcible retaliation, and he
asked that all strangers be excluded. Sen
ator Carter ordered the sergeant-at-arms
to enforce the rule.
Subsequently it was stated that a Mr.
Eean of New York was the offender, and
Mr. Sutherland demanded to know if he
was still in the room. General Collis,
who said he knew him by sight, vouched
that he was not present, and the chairman
gave orders that the offender should not
again be allowed to enter.
In the Fifteenth District contest case
those claiming to be the sitting delegates
were General T. H. Collis and Robert J.
Wright (McKinley) and the contestants
Joseph Murray and David Friedson
(Morton).
Counsellor Spooner of New York opened
the case of the Collis delegation and Con
gressman Quigg replied, charging that the
employes of the Department of Public
Works, of which General Collis is Commis
sioner, took possession of the convention,
excluded many of the regular delegates
and ran the convention, with the aid of
the police, to suit themselves.
In closing for the Platt delegates Mr.
Lauterbach asked the committee to do his
party justice and it would do justice to the
Republican party.
He had been told it would be useless for
him to appear with the badge which he
wore (pointing to the Morton insignia),
but he did not believe it.
In the convention next Tuesday he
would not be recreant to his trust. He
would be true to tbe Governor of
New York, but on Wednesday night
he and his great organization would
take off their coats and work for the nom
inee of the convention, and if they were
given fair play they would return fair
play in November. [Loud applause.]
Mr. Spooner reviewed the entire case for
General Collis, and the contestants re
tired. At 3:20 A. m. the committee again
went into secret session.
Mr. Sutherland moved the seating of
Joseph Murray and David Friedson, the
Morton delegates. Powell Clayton moved
that General Collis and Mr. Wright (Me-
Kinleyites) be given recognition.
At 3:35 the Collls delegates were seated
—ayes 28, noes 16. The result was received
in the lobby with groans and cheers.
On motion of General Powell Clayton,
the sergeant-at-arms was instructed to
issue tickets to the contested delegates
wnose names have been placed upon the
roll.
These tickets will admit them from day
to day only until their cases are disposed
of. At 3:40 a. m. a motion to adjourn was
voted down, and the last remaining con
test—that in the Sixth North Carolina
District— was taken up.
With little argument the committee de
cided to seat the regular delegates, J. W.
Mullen and Joseph B. Dudley (col
ored), instructed for McKinlev and the
contestants — R. B. Russell (colored) and
J. If. Smith (preferences for Allison) with
half vote each, and at 3:50 a. m. an ad
journment was taken until Monday morn
ing.
Japan Strengthening Her Xavy.
LONDON, Eng., June 13. — The Japanese
Government has ordered four ironclads,
four first-class and two second-class cruis
ers from shipbuilders on the Clyde and
Tyne. It is said that orders for two sec
ond-class cruisers have been placed by
Japan in America and that several tor
pedo-boats will be built in French and
German yards.
FREAKS OF THE
GERMAN RULER
He Now Parades in His
British Admiral's
Uniform.
AN ENGLISH SURPRISE.
Friendly Demonstration Not in
Keeping With Recent
Antagonism.
THE PRESS DOES NOT APPROVE.
Stories of an Anglo-German Under
standing With Regard to Egypt
and Northeastern Africa.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Eng., June 13.— Nothing has
surprised Englishmen more for a long
time than this week's discovery that the
German Emperor is once more parading
his British admiral's uniform and tele
graphing for British consumption about
blood being thicker than water. It is
evident enough that his present cue is to
restore auity between Berlin and London,
and that this must be so was pointed out
in these dispatches in April last.
But national friendship cannot be so
lightly made and unmade by merely
changing one's clothes and filling up a
telegraph-blank. The people of Germany
and England intuitively dislike each other,
and the press of the two countries has
greatly enjoyed the improved opportunity
for saying so which last January's partial
rupture afforded. It is not too easy now
to call the editorial packs off. Yesterday,
for example, at the conference of Colonial
Chambers of Commerce, one of the
speakers let himself go in an attack on
German traders and their methods, de
scribing them as "cuckoos of commerce,"
and the applause nearly brought down the
roof.
On the other hand German papers have
been literally subsisting for the past six
months on abuse of England and things
English. It was in deference to their viru
lent clamor that the Emperor abandoned
his notion of visiting Cowes this year, and
only with the greatest difficulty were they
coaxed into a semblance of polite silence
on the subject of the visit of the British
naval architects to Berlin. This result
was achieved, indeed, only a day or two
before the arrival of the guests. Up to
that time it was being publicly said that
they should never have been invited, and
that their coming to spy out German naval
secrets was an outrage. However, the
Kaiser was able to turn the visit itself to
amiable uses, and the architects are writ
ing home that he is a wonderful young
man, who has been grievously misunder
stood in England. They even say that he
may now come to Cowes after all.
This fits perfectly with a story which
has been taking shape during the week to
eftect that Germany and England have ar
ranged a comprehensive understanding on
the subject of Northeastern Africa. It is
believed that a bargain has been made by
which Germany is to purchase Italy's ter
ritories on the Red Sea littoral, and also
take over her claim to suzerainty further
inland. On the other hand it is said that
England after reconquering the Soudan
is to buy it of Egypt for her own, and
there is presumed to be no longer any Ger
man opposition to its acquirement by the
British ; also of that famous vertical strip
of Congo State territory, which is needed
to make a straight red line from one end
of Africa to the other.
This statement of an African deal comes
from very good sources, which I feel bound
to credit. Probably it has only been defi
nitely arranged within the past fortnight
or so, which would account for the vaeue,
hand-to-mouth falsehoods told in Parlia
ment by officials about the Soudanese ex
pedition.
The truth seems to be that they started
it before they knew surely where they
stood and that they were forced to lie from
week to week until something definite was
arranged. Now at last Salisbury feels free
to admit that the conquest of the whole
Soudan is his purpose. Such an admission
two months ago would almost have driven
the Ministry from power. Now after
Kitchener's splendid stroke at Ferkel and
especially if it becomes known that there
is an all-round bargain with Germany no
important opposition will be offered here.
As .was suspected -would be the case
Balfour's overlarge majority has proved
too powerful for his lady-like driving and
it is now plunging about on its own ac
count — not without danger that he himself
may get trampled on in the process. He
gave a public promise on the Thursday to
suspend the midnight rule the next even
ing, but on Friday he was forced by signs
of a Tory mutiny to announce that he
would not do so. His serried rows of Tory
bucks cheered this announcement up-
roariously, but their shouts must have
bad a painful sound in Balfour's ears.
They signalized nothing but his personal
defeat Dy his own followers. No leader of
the House ever accepted such humiliation
from his own party before, but it will be
surprising il Balfour does not find the ex
periences thrust upon him at every turn.
He is practically at a deadlock in parlia
mentary business, chiefly because of the
amendments to the education bill which
his own side of the House piled up. In his
extremity he has called a meeting of the
party for Monday, at whicti, for the first
time, the Liberal Unionists will also at
tend to listen 10 his appeal for a with
drawal of these amendments.
There is, I am told, a faint chance for
the Irish land bill to get through, despite
the embarrassments incident to the sepa
ration of the Irish party into three camps.
The Irish members are acting wisely
about the matter, and if the measure fails
it will not be the fault of their rank and
file nor of Healey or Redmond, who have
parliamentary knowledge and talent, but
Dillon is a dead weight to carry.
As time is all important in the matter,
a meeting of Dillon's party, he being in
the chair, formally resolved the other day
to limit all their speeches to ten minutes;
but the first time thereafter that Dillon
spoke be used up thirty-five minutes, and
eyen then he had to be almost pulled down
by his people. That historic newspaper,
the Nation, which was incorporated four
years ago with the Irish Catholic under
stress of misfortune, has been revived as a
separate individuality and has again re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
appeared as a weekly in Dublin. It is, of
course, an out-and-out Healey paper, and
its already huge country subscription list
shows which way the wind is blowing in
Ireland.
Americans seem to have taken Chamoer
lain's imperial Zoilverein speech too seri
ously. As to wnether he himself believes
in the scheme I would not like to hazard a
guess, but it is certain that nobody else
does, either here or in the colonies, whose
assent would be necessary.
The explanation of his fervency on the
subject lies in the fact that his Transvaal
sensation has measurably petered put,
and he finds it insufferable to lapse into
the background for even the briefest
period. Acting on Healey'a advice the
front-bench Liberals have decided to
spring a motion for the adjournment of
the House on the Government on Monday
in order, if possible, to commit Balfour to
a declaration of policy in Commons busi
ness before the meeting of his party.
Although the general public has tempo
rarily exhausted its interest in anarchist
outrages and does not care how many peo
ple are blown up at Barcelona, I under
stand that the police of various European
countries have been exchanging a lot of
views on the BUbject during the present
week and that a project has been devised
for a combined note of the Dowers to
Spain, it it has not already been drafted
and delivered. The police say that the
recent series of explosions in* Spain pre
sents the peculiarity that a different kind
of bomb la used in each, and on this fact
try to base the theory that an executive
group of international conspirators ie con
ducting practical experiments in order to
settle which explosive is tbe best.
A bill is to be introduced in the Cortes
next week and forced through both
houses with dispatch so as to be in force
by the end of July, which it is hoped will
break up the nests of desperadoes lodeed
in the north and east of the peninsula.
They are largely foreigners, refugees from
France, Italy and Russia, who have
taken advantage of the administrative
chaos in Spain to settle there and carry on
the dynamite business, but apparently
there is to be a serious and determined
effort at last to clear them out.
A good deal of excitement was stirred
up in Germany at the beginning of this
week by news of a particularly interesting
quarrel which took place at the banquet
given by the German colony in Moscow to
the visiting German Princes. The princi
pal figure in the incident was Prince Louis
of Bavaria. He is a man of 50, who in the
course of time will be King of Bavaria,
and who has taken little pains to dissem
ble the fact that he resentß the way in
which Emperor William has exaggerated
his own position and minimized that of
every other potentate in the empire.
Prince Louis seized the opportunity
! given by a clumsy toast to protest in a
fierce speech that neither he nor the other
non-Prussian Princes there were vassals or
courtiers hanging on the Emperor's favor,
but are independent and coequal allies of
his.
The South German papers have taken up
Prince Louis' words with wild enthusiasm,
although the other Princes at the banquet
were so frightened that they trooped after
Prince Henry of Prussia out of the room.
It is officially announced that Louis satis
factorily explained the episode to the Em
peror and that the incident is closed, but
the fact that it struck such a loud respon
sive chord everywhere in Germany out
side of Prussia is not to be forgotten.
Jules Simon gets a state funeral, but in
the official recital of the services entitling
him to it there is a quaint omission of
perhaDs the most important post he ever
filled— that of leading member of the Gov
ernment of National Defense in 1871. This
is avowedly ignored because mention of it
would create a precedent for claiming a
public funeral for Henri Rochefort some
time, and against this contingency every
body now in power is anxious to proviue.
Simon himself had quite lost touch with
the present republic, and be was only
heard of late years because he was com
pelled to earn his own living up to the
very last. His death will be chiefly re
membered becausn it afforded a peg for a
practical jouer to hang a bogus telegram
from Emperor William upon. Doubtless
this cheeky but amusing canard found its
way across the Atlantic. It got into most
of the London dailies and was treated as
only a little more bewildering than pre
vious imperial effusions.
If the little group of Toronto University
bigots could have foreseen how England,
in whose name they professed to act,
j would take their stupid affront toGoldwin
Smith perhaps they would have thought
better of their folly. Nothing of late years
j has done more than this to increase the
instinctive feeling of Englishmen that
Canada is the narrowest and least likable
of all the colonies and the one toward
which they are least attracted as a possible
new home. It is perfectly understood
here that Prolessor Smith holds views
that are not imperialistic, but the idea of
allowing that fact to prevent a tribute to
his high personal qualities and notable
capacity as a publicist would not occur to
anybody here.
Publishers and the managers of circu
lating libraries have been saying for
months back that this is the worst season
for fiction that they have ever known, but
it was only recently that the explanation
dawned, on them. It i? not due to hard
times, they now say, for manifestly the
times are very good, but to the fact that
the women are all out riding bicycles, in
stead of lounging about at home reading
novels.
The papers this morning contain the
announcement that mosquitoes have actu
ally appeard in England. A Hertfordshire
correspondent writes excitedly to warn
the public how to distinguish them from
other insects, which is, it seems, by the
length of their proboscis and also by their
humming noise, and he gives tobacco
steeped in salt vinegar as a remedy for
their bites. He thinks the mosquitoes
must have been imported in some cargo of
lumber, and he speaks as gravely about
the invasion as if lives depended on it.
Aubrey Beards^ey is undoubtedly in the
last stages of consumption. He is now
confined in his chamber, and a friend who
saw him the other day describes him as in
a hopeless condition. Acting on this news
the wise are making as full collections of
his work as possible before the market
goes up, for unless they are mistaken this
curious and unpleasant young decadent,
who will die at 24. is going to take rank in
history as one of the halt-dozen unique
masters of black and white.
Mrs. Patrick Campbell Magda does not
draw paying houses, and the play is to go
off on the 20th inst. to make way for an
• xceptionally elaborate production of
"The School for Scandal." Mrs. Camp
bell's Lady Teazle, a? shown at a recent
matinee, is a very striking performance,
as Forbes Robertson's Joseph is known to
be, while Fred Terry as Charles, with Wil
liam Farren, Cyril Maud and Rose Le
clerq make up a leading cast equal to the
best traditions of the Lyceum.
Olga Nethersole's 'Carmen" has been
on exhibition for a full week now, and not
a dissenting voice is raised to the critical
j udement that it is a humiliating and un
worthy spectacle. She was highly thought
of both as a woman and as an actress of
promise when she left here for America,
an d this revelation of where she has landed
in her artistic career afflicts everybody
with a kind of personal grief.
Harold Frederic.
Better Than Valkyrie 111.
LONDON, Eng., June 13. — According to
the Yachtsman the new cutter Mete or is a
better yacht in every way than the Valky
rie 111, and is more than a match for the
Defender. It is understood that the Me
teor, after the Kiel races, will take part Id
t°:e Clyde races, and will probably be one
of the contestants in the Cowes reeatta.
Emperor William's warm reception by
the English naval architects in Berlin, and
his telegram to them, in which, be said,
"Blood is thictcer than water," points to
amity being restored. The members of
the Royal Yacht Squadron are now eager
to have the Meteor race in the presence of
her owner.
Death of Sir George If. Daaent.
LONDON, Eng., June 13.— Sir George
Webbe Dasent, the well-known author,
who from 1845 to 1870 was one of the
assistant editors of the Times, died at
Ascot yesterday.
GERMAN UNITY
HAS BEEN SHAKEN
Opinion of the National
Zeitung on the Moscow
Episode.
PRINCE LUDWIG'S RAGE.
Has Caused Intense Sectional
Feeling Throughout the
Fatherland.
HE INSULTED PRINCE HENRY,
But Emperor William Dared Not
Quarrel With tbe Future King
of Bavaria.
BERLIN, Germany, June 13.— The inci
dent which occurred at the banquet of the
Deutsche Verein in Moscow upon the oc
casion of the festivities in connection with
the coronation, causing Prince Henry of
Prussia, brother of the Emperor and His
Majesty's representative at Moscow, to
leave the banquet hall, has raised a great
particularist storm throughout all the
southern states of Germany. The origin
of the trouble was in the fact, which has
already been cabled, that at the banquet
given to Prince Henry and the other visit
ing German princes the chairman, in
toasting the guests, alluded to the minor
German princes as members of Prince
Henry's suite, whereupon Prince Ludwig
of Bavaria arose in a rage before the
chairman's speech was finished and point
ing to the table said :
"We are not pare of Prince Henry's
suite, nor are we vassals of the German
Empire. We are the Emperor's allies,
otherwise I am an independent represen
tative of Bavaria."
All Southern Germany is exercised over
the affair and the newspapers lament the
indiscretion of the chairman or condemn
the hasty actions of Princes Henry and
Ludwig. The incident created so much
public excitement that it naturally led to
a demand on the part of the Kaiser that
the two princes should explain the matter
in detail, and this, it is understood, has
been done.
According to the North German Ga
zette, Prince Ludwig anticipated the Em
peror's request for an explanation, stating
the exact words of the president of the
banquet in proposing the toast to Prince
Henry, in which speech he mentioned the
German princes as having come to Mos
cow a members of Prince Henry's suite.
Agt.i>ist this Prince Ludwig protested to
the Kaiser, explaining as he had declared
to the chairman of the banquet, that he
and the other princes alluded to were not
vassals, but allies, of the Kaiser. All Ger
mans, Prince Ludwtg added, besides ful
filling their duty to the Fatherland, ought
not to forget the duties they owed to their
own particular countries.
Prince Ludwig is a man of 50 years of
age, and apart from the fact that he is the
future King of Bavaria he is of a much
weightier presence than Prince Henry.
Upon the occasion of his declaration at the
banquet he is said to have spoken with
great impre6siveness and in a manner
wherein his meaning could not be miscon
strued. In concluding its article upon the
subject the Gazette curtly states that "the
incident is closed."
Other semi-official newspapers, how
ever hint that the Emperor round nothing
in Prince Ludwig's remarks worth quar
reling over, and intimated that Prince
Honry's resentment was childish. These
papers also state that the Empenr saw
Prince Henry in regard to the matter and
probably rebuked him, as the Prir.ce left
Berlin for Kiel on his return from Moscow
without staying in the capital over night.
Apart from the official and semi-official
newspapers the other Berlin journals are
severe in their comments upon tht action
of Prince Ludwig. TheTageblatt takes so
serious a view ot the matter as to advocate
the recall of the Prussian Minister from
Munich.
The National Zeitung expresses sorrow
at the spectacle which a prince destined
to be King of Bavaria has afforded to
foreigners of the enmities among :he Ger
mans. The action of Prince Ludwig in
invoicing the idea of particularism, the
paper declares, has already shaken Ger
man unity.
Tbe Vossiche Zeitung recall the fact
that Prince Ludwig ignored the fete 3 upon
the occasion of the celebration of the
Frankfort treaty of peace, but throughout
southern Germany the words uttered by
Prince Ludwig at the Moscow banquet
and reiterated to the Emperor are fervidly
acclaimed by the press and public.
The Stuttgart Beobachter, in an exhaus
tive article on the subject, says:
"It was a great political act and a protest
against Prussianism. Prince Ludwig ex
pressed the sentiments of the whole South
German states, and his words will find
echo from the forests of Bohemia to the
Rhine. It is well that Berlin should know
that we will not allow ourselves to be de
graded in the role of Prussia's satellites."
The speeches made by Prince Alexander
yon Hohenlohe, son of the Imperial Chan
cellor, in the Reichstag last Monday, in
which he attacked the clause of the Gov
ernment trades bill forbidding com
mercial travelers to transact retail busi
ness, has found support in a remarkable
address delivered by the Minister of
Finance of the Grand Duchy of Baden,
Dr. Buchenberger, to the i.aden Chamber
of Deputies.
lie said in the course of hi? speech:
"We live, politically and economically,
in a period of transition, and we are not
yet able to accommodate ourselves to the
new order of things: hence so many out
cries for more laws, and new iaws are bad
and make the people believe in tue magical
effect of legislation. Self-action must re
main superior to State protection."
Following the Parliament aty election
last week in the towns of Ruppin and
Templin, near Podsdam, in .vhich the
Conservative and Agrarian candidate,
Herr yon Arnim, was defeated by the Rad
ical candidate, who had a majority of 1300
votes, the Agrarians have met with an
other signal defeat in Ausbach and
Schwabach, the .t'reisinnig candidate
heading the poll by a majority of 1700.
Tbe Fremdenblatt asserts that Dom
Pedro d'Alcantara, the pretender to the
Brazilian throne, has been appointed a
lieutenant in the Fourth Regiment of
Uhlans.
The Emperor has emphasized his satis
faction at the appointment of ilarquis de
■Noaiiles as the successor of M Herbette
by grantine tbe new French Embassador
ah audience without delay. Tbe Marquis
arrived in Berlin Wednesday night and
wts received by the Kaiser Thursday after
noon.
Prince yon Haifel It-Tacbenberg is now
mentioned as the successor of Prince yon
Hohenlohe in the Imperial Chancellerie.
The receptions given to the diplomatic
corps by Mr. and Mrs. Uhl at the residence
of the American Embassador in Thiergar
tenstrasse have been remarkably success
ful, and they have now arranged to give a
series of "at homes" for friends and official
callers to take place on Monday.
Mrs. J. B. Jackson, wife of the first sec
retary of the Embassy, has gone to Par s
on a visit. Dr. Fulcke, German Vice-Con
sul at New York; Count yon Geohz and
family and Hon. John Wanamaker and
family sailed from Hamburg for New York
on Thursday.
A. NAPULLON OF NOTHING
Once a Plunger, Jiodney l"i*ke DieM in
Poverty.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 13.— A Re
corder special from Boston says: Rodney
.Fiske, the famous young millionaire who
startled "Wall street a few years ago by his
wild speculations and who disappeared
mysteriously, after squandering his orig
inal legacy of $1,200,000 and the millions
he added to it, is dying in this city pen
niless and dependent upon the hospitality
of comparative strangers. -
The wrecked Napoleon of finance is
harbored in the humble residence of Ottie
Cunningham, and. only . disclosed his
identity when informed that death was
near. -Young Cunningham became ac
quainted with Fiske at the Candee Rubber
Works in New Haven, where the broken- i
down millionaire was working as an ordi
nary factory hand. They roomed together,
and when Fiske became ill Cunningham
brought him to his home in this city.
FisHe tells an interesting story of his
wanderings all over the face of the earth
with his "roll" steadily diminishing and
he sinking lower and lower.
CANNONADING IN CUBA
Indications of Fierce Fighting
Near the City of Puerto
Principe.
Rumor That Gomez Has Shot Several
of His Subordinates for Vari«
ous Offenses.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 13.— A heavy
cannonading and musketry fire has been
heard in the city of Puerto Principe for
the last two days, causing considerable
alarm among the residents. It is believed
that a fierce engagement has been fought
between insurgents and a Spanish force
of 2000 troops under General Castellano.
No definite information In regard to the
fight has vet been received.
Advices from Puerto Principe state that
! Gomez, becoming incensed at the conduct
i of some subordinate insurgent leaders for
levying and collecting taxes and export
ing cattle and pocketing the proceeds,
ordered them courtmartialed. Two of the
: culprits were summarily sentenced to
' death and shot. Several others were de
i graded.
A council of war was held at the palace
| last night, being attended by several gen
i erals and Captain-General Weyler. It was
i agreed, in view of the present condiiion of
the country, caused by the rainy season,
'to modify the plan of campaign. Active
i operations will be conducted only when
j they are required in special cases. Pre
j cautions will be taken to protect the towns
! against attacks.
Rebels have made an unsuccessful at
tempt to destroy with dynamite a culvert
on the railway near Canipo Florida, close
to Havana. They also exploded a dyna
mite canridjjf under the railway bridge
near Duran. Province of Havana.
Jose Anton'o Yznaga, an American, who
has been acting as assistant correspondent
for the New YorK Herald, has been ordered
to leave Cuba^
TOLEDO SOCIETY SHAKEN.
Divorce Suit Involving Member!
of the Local Four
Hundred
The Irate Husband Whips the Co.
respondent at a Resort in the
Suburbs.
TOLEDO, Ohio, June 13.— Two of the
most prominent families in Toledo are in
volved in a suit for divorce filed this after
noon by John N. Mockett, a leading cloth
ing merchant here, in which he charges
that his wife has been unduly intimate
with Frank J. Cheney, the patent medi
cine manufacturer. The basis of the suit
is an incident that occurred early this
afternoon at a questionable resort in the
suburbs, where, Mr. Mockett says — and his
statement is corroborated by at least three
persons— he found his wile with Cheney.
A personal encounter between the two
men followed, in which Cheney, who is a
much heavier man, was severely pum
meled by the irate husband. The affair
has shaken Toledo society to its fouuda
tions, all the parties being members of the
local Four Hundred.
JULES STOON'S OBSEQUIES.
A l>istinauiahed Gathering at the States
man's Funeral.
PARIS, France, June 13.— The funeral
of Jules Simon, the distinguished French
statesman, took place to-day and was
attended by a large gathering of notable
persons. President Fiuire, Emperor Wil
liam of Germany and King Leopold of
Belgium were represented at the obsequies.
Condition of the treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 13.— The
gold reserve at the close of business to-day
stood at $104, 196,607. The day's with
drawals wire $40,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
"HUMPHREYS
Wheel Strain
Of the knee, leg, back or side; lameness,
soreness, or excessive fatigue, are relieved
like magic, by No. 15.
Strains in persons so inclined develOD
Rheumatism and Lumbago. No. 15 is a
perfect cure. Carry a vial in the tool bae.
DYSPEPSIA; indigestion; weak stom-
ach ; bad taste, coated tongue, offensive
breath, loss of appetite, and dull, heavy
stupid feeling; rising of water or food
after eating, belching of wind, sense of a
load or stone in the stomach, sense of full-
ness or distress after eatiug; cured by No.
10.
More of such sufferers have been re-
stored to Life, Health and Vigor by the
persistent use of Specific 10 than by any
other remedy.
"77» for COLDS.
Homeopathic Manual mailed free.
Sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt of
rrice, 26 cents to $1. Uumphreys' Medicine Com-
puny, ill William street, New York.
NEW TO-DAY
SOMEBODY'S
THE GAINER!
We're closing out our Summer Suits, and a prettier tot of high-
class, swelly tailored garments was never gather e d under one
roof. We begin a month earlier than heretofore to unload. We're
all through with the Spring and, Summer season's ; that is, we
will be when iv have sold these 2000 Suits ; among 'em there's
some $15 Suits, some $12 Suits, and a prettier lot of garments
you have never seen.
We have said for the pick of these pretty garments, and our big
corner window is just chock-a-block with 'em,
$7.95.
The Sum met The Correct
Man Dressers
Or in other words, the correct Enjoy this sale. They know that
, -. . , 7 the Big Kearny - Street Store
dresser for the season, appre- never does things by halves, and
dates this offer. He finds here when.it makes up its mind to
the embodiment of all that is unload, the question of price
perfect in Sum^er_Suits. Jiever enters its mind, but
perfectin hummer Suits. load it will, and you are getting
Those right sw.ell English the benefit of the unloading.
Those right sw.ell English
Homespuns, in light, medium There's some right smart Cut-
,77 i "•'• ■-. a hnnn awavs in this offer, in those
and dark colorings. Some 2000 Mac % Serge Cheviots.
Suits to pick from and every one
of 'em is as fresh and as choice there's some right swell Black
' , . ' , . 7 . . Serge Cheviots in Double-
as a daisy. A glorious selection * aste d Sacks; prettier gar-
it is at ments never left a tailoring shop.
(S <*><"> It is not absolutely the correct
A A A thing to sell 'em at the price, but
V V V we're unloading. now and we've
Q Q "*£ closed fur eyes to profit. If
6 Q 6 you've time to-day, come down-
Q Q Q town and take a look into our
XXX big corner window. You'll learn
V -■- V then what we're doing.
$7.95. $7.95.
j "
"I? "HINTS FROM A BIG STORE," our new book, has £
H$ created a furor, and it is conceded to be one of the' clever- *&
J& est books for shopping by mail ever goten up by any mer- 4£*
'{? cantile house. It treats on our Boys' and Children's De- .*
** partments, Men's Department and Hat Department,' and Jr
4* the various other departments in and around the Big
Jjjk Kearny -Street Store. Your name and address, please, *|»
J& and we'll send it to you. ■ . . gL.
RAPHAEL'S
(INOORPORATBD).
THE SAN FRANCISCO BOYS,
9, ii, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
34
BEAR FLAG FLOATS
O'ER OLD SONOMA
Two Aged Pioneers Unfurl
the Emblem to the
Breeze.
CHEEKED BT THOUSANDS
Survivors of the Conquering
Band of Fifty Years Ago
Are Honored.
GATHERING OF FORTY-NINERS.
Speeches, Music and a Barbecue for
the Entertainment of a
Multitude.
SONOMA, Cal., Jane 13.— The fiftieth
anniversary of the raising of the memor
able Bear Flag was appropriately and glori
ously celebrated in this historic old town
to-day. The old flag itself — or that which
may De considered the same — was given to
the breeze from the top of a pole which
rears its proud height on the same spot
where once stood the original staff around
which gathered the noble band of patriots
in 1846.
Many things came to pass before the
cherished old bunting was unfurled to the
breeze. Sonoma, proud in history, decked
herself in festal garb and extended an in
vitation to all to come and see what was
ouce and what is now. Everything was
done by the business men to make the cel
ebration a picturesque affair, as well as a
patriotic success. The merchants sub
scribed liberally, and everything was done
to give the town an attractive appearance.
All entered heartily into the spirit of the
occasion, and the result was in evidence in
the decoration of streets, stores and resi
dences.
Ample provision had been made for the
entertainment of many visitors by the
several committees, and the 4000 or 5000
people who spent the day in the old town
had nothing of which to complain.
Long before the arrival of the trains from
Santa Rosa, Petaluma and ban Francisco
the main thoroughfares leading into the
town were thronged by conveyances of all
descriptions. There were all manner of
vehicles, from the home-made buckboard
to the Concord coach, each and every one
loaded down with precious human freight
consigned to the Plaza, where homage was
to be paid to that brave little band who
paved the way for California's entrance
into the Union fold.
There were music, color and climate,
each one perfect unto the day in its own
particular way. Banners floated, bands
played and a cloudless sky was never
arched over a more perfect day.
On the arrival of the trainß from San
Benjamin F. Dewell, One of the Survivors of the Bear Flag Party.
[/=Vvfi» <* ■ photograph (aim for "Th* "Call."}
PRESIDIO OF SONOMA AT THE TIME OF THE CAPTURE BY THE BEAR FLAG RAISERS.
[From a painting made in IB4D by Colonel Prudon.]
Francisco, Petaluma, Santa Rosa and
points north the parade was formed. A :
little before 10 o'clock the signal was given
and the processJon moved down First
street in the following order: Sonoma
cornet band, Native Sons, carriages con
taining pioneers and honored guests, Ehr
man's band and Native Sons of San Fran
cisco, Park's band of Santa Rosa and
i members of Santa Rosa Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West, carriages and
Concord coach loaded with Native Daugh
ters from Napa.
After marching around the Plaza, in the
i middle of which tables were spread to ac
i commodate all who desired to attend the
barbecue, the procession broke up before
! the platform erected near the historic flag
staff. It was impossible for all of the vis
itors to get within hearing distance of the
speakers' stand, but those who secured
vantage ground were glad to remain
throughout the exercises. On the plat- j
form were many pioneers, Mexican War
veterans, prominent Native Sons and '
! Daughters and two old survivors of the [
I original Bear Flag party, who afterward
1 manipulated the halyards while the band
! was playing a patriotic air.
H. C. Site, chairman of the executive
committee, called the meeting to order
and briefly introduced the president of the
day, H. C. Gesford, Grand President of |
the Native Sons of the Golden West. He
spoke in his usual pleasant style of the
episode of the Bear Flag and the mo
mentous events which followed, landing
of the pioneers and pointing to the Native
Sons of the Golden West as an organiza
tion planned to carry on the good work
which was so valiantly begun fifty years
ago.
At the conclusion of his eloquent ad
dress the old Bear Flag was run up to the
peak, while the band played a patriotic
air and amid the tumultuous applause of 1
the throng on the Plaza and the hundreds
that lined the streets.
Ben F. Dewell and Henry Beeson pulled
the rope, and they pulled as they may
have pulled it fifty years ago. The cheer
\ ing was loud and long and the old men
were guilty of a decided blush in their
happiness. Never before in their lives,
i now fast drawing to a close, were they
I more proud of having been members of the
famous Bear Flag party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
THE PROCESSION PASSING UNDER THE MAIN ARCH ON THE PLAZA,
[From a sketch by a "CaW" artist.]
Hon. Robert A. Thompson of the So
noma Democrat, and brotner of the pres
ent Minister to Brazil, read a lengthy his
torical essay. It was full of interest to
residents, old, new and visitors alike. As
the only acknowledged historian of the
county, his authority carried weight where
interest was not lacking, and his hearers
were more than edified. He began with
the edict of General Castro when he or
dered the Americans to leave the country
— and the general was afterward forced to
flee from Santa Clara — and traced the move
ments of the early pioneers down to the
raising of the Bear" Flag.
Speaking of Mr. Dewell, one of the flag
raisers, he continued:
"Mr. Dewell says that very soon after
the capture the matter of a nag came up.
The general idea was that one should be
made, and the intention was, without imi
tating, to follow the general idea of the
American flag. He says he got needles
and thread and some new red flannel and
domestic from Mrs. W. B. Elliott and that
some blue cloth was elsewhere procured.
Himself and Thomas Cowie sewed the flag
together. They had each worked a while
at the saddler's trade and knew how to
use a needle. W. L. Todd painted the star
and bear on the flag. The star was in the
upper corner and the bear on the body of
the flag. The bear was rudely drawn,
with head down, and looked as much like
hog (coche) as a bear. The bear meant
that the party would never back out, but
if necessary would fight out.
" 'There were,' says Mr. Dewell, 'no
halyards on the flagstaff. We dug up the
staff, lowered it to the ground, attached
Halyards and ran up the flag.'
"On January 10 the battle of La Mesa was
fought. The Californians were defeated,
Stockton again occupied Los Angeles and
all opposition to American rule came to
an end. But Don Jose Maria Flores tossed
a bone of contention among his followers
as a parting shot, which split them
asunder. He fled north, met Fremont
and surrendered to him. Fremont, with
out consulting either of his superior of
ficers, made the celebrated treaty of
Cahuenga. He had whipped Flores the
day before, and made any treaty possible,
and by this strategy he won a victory.
This treaty brought disaster to all con
cerned in it except Flores, who had noth
ing to lose.
"The controversy spread rapidly over
the State and reached. Washington. All
the high officers were ordered home.
Stockton resigned from the navy in less
than a year; Fremont was court-martialed
and dismissed from the service; Kearny
was dead. The contention got to Con
gress, spread over the country and raided
as a cyclone when Fremont ran for Presi
dent. It is here to-day in the question,
'Who conquered California?' Some say it
was Stockton, some Fremont, some Kearny
and some &loat, and W. B. Ide dreamed
that he did it."
After another patriotic air from the
band the "grand orator of the day," Mer
ton C. Allen, was presented to the audi
ence and delivered a masterly oration.
He opened with a glowing tribute to the
members of tie Bear Flag party and then
spoke of the influence which that one act
of elevating the bear-emblazoned bunting
had on the future destinies of California.
He led up in graceful oratorical style to
the historical incidents as tney followed
one after the other in logical sequence,
and gave his hearers the benefit of his in
timate knowledge of California history.
It was a tine effort and duly appreciated.
The barbecue was next in order, and but
little was left of the bountiful supply of
roasted beans and small cattle when the
hungry thousands had "dulled the keen
edge on their appetites."
The remainder of the afternoon was
spent by the visitors in viewing the points
of historic interest in the town, but it was
long after sunset before the place resumed
its normal aspect.
Escajim From Prison.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 13. — Edward
Cumininga, a youna rough who has figured
frequently in the Police Court, escaped
from the city prison this morning, a few
minutes after receiving a 180-iiay sentence
for battery on Ben Bodie. Cummings had
just been brought down from Jud^« Gass'
courtroom and was about to be locked up,
when he dashed through a Bide door and
escaped.
Arcuxet Her Huibnnd.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June 13.— Mrs. Minnie
Trowbridge, who resides at 171 Grant
■tr««t. uwora to a complaint in Justice
Dwyer's court to-day charging her husband,
Archie Tiowbridge, with failing to provide
-for his 13-month-ola child. Trowbridge
is a plumber, and his wife says he is able
to provide for his child, but has neglected
to do so.
yative Son* E?ect Officers.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June 13.— Palo Alto
Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
at its meeting last evening elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term: Presi
dent, W. T. Nolting; first vice-president,
William H. Quivey ; second vice-president,
J. W. Sullivan; third vice-president, Wil
liam H. Binder; past-president, George
Sweieert: marshal, J. A. Day; recording
secretary, Toland Hart; treasurer, Charles
Beacii; trustees — A. B. Barker, William
Doyle and I. L. Kopoel.
Freano Right of Way Secured.
FRESNO, Cal., June 13.— The condem
nation suit brought by the Valley road
against Martin Madsen to obtain right of
way across a forty-acre farm north of Bel
montwas to-day settled out of court. Mad
sen agreed to take $1400 and the bargain
was closed. The right of way is now open
between this city and Madera County, and
it is expected that grading will be com
menced in a few days, as this suit was ail
that Fas in the way.
Yisnlin Gets a Cannery.
VISALIA, Cal., June 13.— For several
seasors fruit-growers is Visalia district
have teen trying to get a cannery. Last
week meetings were held and arrange
ments finally completed. A building has
been leased and the machinery will arrive
next week. It is estimated that the can
nery will require between 300 and 400 em
ployes to put up the fruit to be canned
this season. This will mean employment
for our home people who need work.
BIG FIRE AT MERCED
Two Large Brick Blocks and
Their Contents Totally
Dsstroyed.
The Explosion of a Coa'-Oil Lamp
Results in a Loss of Nearly
$60,000.
MERCED, O^l., June 13.— The fine two
story brick block of Olcese & Garibaldi on
Canal and Main streets and the two-story
block adjoining on Main street, and be
longing to the Galliano estate, were de
stroyed by lire to-night-. The conflagra
tion started about 7 o'clock in J. Simon's
dry goods and clothing store in the Olcese
& Garinaldi block, and before an alarm
was turned in the entire room was in
flames. Thence it quickly entered T. R.
Stone's variety-store, J. D. Pendola's bar
ber-shop, the tailor-shop of R. Harris and
F. M. Ordway's book and stationery store,
all in this block. In the second story was
Dr. King's dental office and Mrs. Ward's
lodgins-houte. The lire got such a start
and the smoke was so dense that little
property was saved in the entire block.
From tais building the fire spread to the
Galliano block. This had but two tenants.
Dr. Casth saved nothing of his valuable
instruments or library. H. Bearwald's
family had only time to get out with their
lives.
The wcrk of the fire company and the
splendid water system confined the blaze
to these two buildings, and Id one hour
and a half the fire was under control. The
Star prir ting oftic», in the Postoffice build
ing, situated on the extreme end of the
block or. Front street, caught fire from
flying embers twice, but a few buckets of
water put the blaze out before it got any j
headway. Captain Graham, ol Company i
H, was badly injured in the hand by fall- |
ing glas3, and William Farrar was over
come from inhaling gas and taken home.
The fire originated from the bursting of
a coal-oi lamp in the Simon store. The
clerk wa3 just placing the lighted lamp in
the bracket, and from some cause it ex- j
ploded and scattered fire all over the
room. Olcese <fe Garibaldi estimate their
loss at $30,000, insurance $15,000; J.Simon
$12,000, insurance unknown; T. R- Stone
$4000; D. J. Pendola $1500; R. Harris
$600; F. M. Ordway $6000; Dr. J. F. King
$1500.
ALEGRNI GOLD STRIKE.
Mammoth Zedget Discovered on Van-
couver Island.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jane 13.— The
largest ledge of gold-bearing ore ever dis
covered in the province was struck yester
day at Alberni, Vancouver Island. It is
nearly 300 feet wide and is estimated to be
6000 feet long. The rock assays over $15
to the ton. Two other ledges close by
were struck at the same time, running
nearly ?16 to the ton. They are fifteen
feet wide and about 3000 in length. All of
the claims are owned by British Colum
bians.
Woodland High School Honored.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 13.— Professor
E. N. Henderson, principal of the Wood
land Hish School, and his assistant, Mrs.
L. D. Lowhead, and J. T. Bucks are re
joicing over the fact that the Woodland
school has been accredited to the State
University. This is a mark that has
never been equaled by any other high
school in the State.
GRIGGS AT SANTA BARBARA
Graduates of the High School
Addressed by Miss Shaw's
Ideal Man.
Fourteen Young Men and Women
Advised of the Duty Owed
Themselves.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., June 13.—
Professor Griggs of Stanford, whom the
Rev. Anna Shaw's lightning stroke of se
lection has made one of the most famous
men on the coast, delivered the address to
the graduating class of Santa Barbara's
Hinh School last night. Professor Griggs i 9
endeavoring to live up to his celebrity, and
although the task is an awesome and at
times oppresses him, he is succeeding
fairly well. He has no oratorical lire, but
delivers himself of his thoughts with a se
riousness that carries conviction.
He spoke upon life education, and laid
stress upon the principle so important to
young graduates of making the most of
the leisure moments of the busy lives
which were opening before them.
He warned against dissipation, explain
ing that this vice was by no means con
fined to physical waste, but to reckless ex
penditure of mental and emotional forces.
The man who dissipated was the one who
spent his capital stock. One might dissi
pate in poetry, in novel reading, in at
tend ance upon the drama, each of which
he characterized as noble occupations, de
veloping the mind and broadening charac
ter when indulged in temperately, but in
jurious when carried to excess.
He counseled a wise -expenditure of the
small margins of leisure possessed by the
average man and woman, and while he, as
a consistent college professor, advised that
this should be as a rule invested in reav
ing, he pointed to other diversions which
were none the less valuable and indis
pensable, especially a healthy communion
with nature. He declared that in our
country and our day solitude was growing
to be a lost art. People wanted com
panionship in everything and were grow
ing afraid to be left alone. It was possible
that we did not always feel fit to lace our
selves. To find the divinity of common
things was the great purpose of life.
In conclusion he impressed upon the
class that the man who was underpaid was
a benefactor to the world, because he gave
more than he took, and that it was always
better and nobler to do more than ttie
world recompensed one for. Hearty ap
plause followea Professor Griggs' address,
and the exercises concluded witu music,
the presentation of diplomas and a bene
diction.'
The graduating class consists of the fol
lowing young men and women: Otto
Bentz, Fayette Birtch, Coleman Brougii
ton, William Brocklesby, Charles Eberle,
Maude Harner, Edward Leimer, Ethelyn
Mears, Albert Palmer, Grace Southwick,
Grace Squiar, Robert Stewart, Albion Stod
dard, Ethei Wneaton.
The class includes two sprinters who
have lately made coast records — Coleman
Broughtou and Fayette Birtch. Both of
these voting men expect to go to Berkeley
this summer, although they have received
flattering offers from Stanford.
Veteran* at Independence*
INDEPENDENCE, Ob.. June 13.—About
400 veterans of the Civil War are here
attending the State Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic, which was
opened yesterday. The town is over
run with visitors, and to-day's trains
swelled the attendance to something liKe
1500. Sons of Veterans of the State and
the Women's Relief Corps are holding their
annual sessions. Last evening at the
Auditorium, a grand campfire was held,
presided over by Commander Allen of
Portland.
•
Btrikrt at Blmckliaiing.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., June 13.^1
Judge Collier Has ordered the receiver of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad here
after not to blacklist any member of the
American Railway Union.
ROMANCE OF SAN
QUENTIN PRISON
Mrs. Osborne Finds Her
Brother in a Felon's
Cell.
END OF A LONG SEARCH
Discovers After Many Years That
She Has Been Seeking
a Murderer.
JOHN C. HENELY'S CRIME.
Serving a Life Sentence for Having
Killed a Man Who Struck Him
Long Ago.
EUREKA, Cal., June 13.— For many
years Margaret Osborne of Mansfield, 111.,
has been seeking a brother lost to her
thirty years ago. She had supposed him
dead. That he had occupied for twenty
years a murderer's cell in Btate's prison
had fortunately been kept from her. In
response to her inquiries County Clerk
Stern sent to the woman the story of her
brother's crime and his present where
abouts. The brother and the sister have
found each other and in a touching l&tter
to the Clerk the prisoner pours out nis
gratitude. He could not, as much as he
longed for a reunion, write the story of
his own crime to bis Bister, but he was
glad she had learned the truth at last.
All old residents know the history of
John C. Henely's crime. As a handsome
and stalwart young man he came to the
county at an early date. He prospered
and became wealthy; but like most of the
early settlers he drank and gambled. One
day in a Ferndale saloon he engaged in a
dispute over a game of cards with Martin
F. Branstetter, a prominent citizen of that
section. Branstetter slapped Henely'B
face. Henely jumped up, drew a knife
and literally cut Branstetter to pieces. He
was tried and twenty years ago on the
29th of June he was sentenced to life im
prisonment at San Quentin.
There has always been a feeling in the
county that Henely was half justified in
killing Branstetter, for it is claimed
Branstetter was about to strike him with
an iron cribboard. Petitions for his re
lease have from time to time been circu
lated here. On account of the. brutality of
the deed, aggravated by the fact that
Branstetter was a cripple, remonstrances
have always gone out against them.
Henely's unmanageable conduct during
the early years of his confinement also
worked against him.
For a score of years Henely has chafed
under what many people consider an un
just sentence. Now he is an old, broken
down man, resigned to his fate and wait
ing patiently for death.
WHISKY KILLED THE CHILD.
Witnesses Testify That Otto Olsen Poured
Liquor Down Little Minnie Car
son's Throat
EUREKA, Cal., June 13.— The prelimi
nary examination of Otto Olsen, accused
of having killed eight-year-old Minnie
Carson by forcing liquor down her throat,
was oonclnded before Judge Holmes yes
terday. The evidence place 3 Olsen in a
very serious position. Olsen admitted
having visited the Carson home, but
claimed that while he was in a drunken
sleep the child took the bottle of whisky
from his pocket and drank the liquor,
which caused her death.
Mrs. Avers, the mother of the child,
testified that her daughter had ma<le a
dying statement to her that Olsen had
given her the whisky and used force to
make her drink it. "She said that Olsen
had thrown her down, and, while holding
her with his knee on her breast, had
forced her to s.wailow the liquor. Soon
afterward, according to the child's story,
he attempted to make her drink again,
but she frustrated his intention by dash
ing the flask from his hand and it was
broken on the floor.
The statement was corroborated by her
nine-year-olu brother, who testified that
he had witnessed the scuffle in which the
flask was broken. A number of witnesses
saw Olsen in the yard romping with the
children and afterward saw him enter the
house.
WEW TO-DAT.
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
1128 Market St., San Francisco.
Tenth and_Broadway, Oakland.
THE BOXES OF THE DEAD
DRUG COMBINE
RATTLIM IX THEIR GRAVE !
The Great Drug War^Cyelone Caused It.
This great and august body, the Drug
Association, are going to build a 21-story
factory to make pills and plasters to sup-
ply all San Francisco and Milpitas, then
"THE OWL" will die sure.
Until Then We Will Continue to Sail:
Palne's Celery Compound at ;... .......60c
i Cutlcura Resolvent ..'... '.'" 70c
Flnltham'a Vegetable C0mp0und.. ..,..'.'."".'.'!! 65c
Woodbury Facial Soap, 30c ' 3 for' 60a
Baker's Honduras Barsaparllla ... 76 C
Warner's Safe Cure , «5c
Hall's Catarrh Cure "eoc
Syrnp Figs. ".'.■."'.350
Jlermltase Whisky 750
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral ......■, ....."..! *" 75c
HheHielil's Dentifrice '150
Vino Kolafra. * 850
Dtlafleld's Kola Cordial. 1J. '.'.".'.'.85c
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR
mm. OBESITY goods,
•/ PILLS, SALTS, BANDS.
BLAIR PARK (OAKLAND),
SUNDAY JUNE 14, 1896.
"BEHOLD"
(Billy) GILBERT St GOLDIK (Walter)
. • Sensation at 3:30.
Grand Balloon Ascension & Parachute Leap
By the Famous Lady Aeronaut -, ,
MISS FKANKIr; DESMAN.
Grand Concert by the Fifthlnfantry Band
Take Piedmont Cars. Admission Free! Free I
HUDYAN WHEN YOU BEGIN TO
nuwinn VY have bad dreams.
imn\/AM when you begin to feel
HUDYAN tired and weary In the
• , morning, when you can t
i-II I A M look your fellow square in
nUUini>l the lace, when you feel
-~ . - ... timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
uwwlnll you must have a rriend to
iiiinv a help you. Hudyau is your
HUDYAN friend. Iludyan is man's
I best friend. Hudyan stops
HIinVAM bad dreams, night losses,
nUUInII cures failing manhood, re-
news, remakes man. II
HUDYAN don't Bleep well. If
your appetite is poor, 11
HUDYAN you are suffering from the
HUDYAN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
HI JO VAN You need something to
nUUIrtIN brace you up. Take the
best you can get. You
HUD YA N can get Hudyan only by
IIUU * ni * applying to the doctors of
MiinvAM the Hudson Medical In-
M U V A stltuie.
• **••*•••****
* HUDYAN *
Circular* and Testimonials 1
• FREE. *
*•••••••••***
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sto.
TAINTED BLOOD.
T.JIITKD BLOOD JSSZJSS&£
TAUrED BLOOD carries. myriads of .ore-
TltH'TI/n PiMl) producing germs. Then
1 .11.1 1 tV DLWV come sore throat, pimples,
TIIXTFD RIOOD copper-colored spots, ul-
m.t'r ',,.!; «,«„!; ers in mouth, old sores
TAINTED BLOOD and falling hair You can
TAIITED BLOOD STwrffiK 0 ® %%%
TAMED BLOOD g^VoVthe 110 old physl "
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
KIDNEYS Many men lead rapia
l/inxirvc llves * nd sub i ect them-
rv 1 IN V o selves to such baneful
practices that their kid-
l^inMCVC neys are almost used up.
IV I LJ IN C. V O These are a few of the
effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Great Weakness—
rv 1 IN c 1 ° -Excessive Quantity of
i/m\irvo Water Passed — Emacia-
KIDNEYS tion — Specific Grsvity
High— Bilious Attacks—
l/IHWCVQ Cramps— Neuralgic Pain*
rvIL-MNE.ro —Sudden Sweats—
of Vision— Catarrh —
KIDNEYS of Sexual Power— Mouth,
imu^cio Dry -Tongue Coated —
i/m\rrvo Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS ily-Appetiie Variable-
Flatulence— Constipation
1/tnMCVO or diarrhoea— Skin Dry
IS. 1 IN E. I O and Yellowish — 801 ls —
Carbuncle — Eezem* and
KIDNFV 4 ? IWninjrs— SwelUngofLow-
fMlVWE.ro er Extremities -Loss of
i/ir%»ini/« Flesh. If you want to;
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
neys write for the book.
KIDNEYS no " le<1 « ol KldS
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
LIVER When TOur liver 1* affected
* - * v . *■**» you may feel blue, melancholy-
■ itrrn irritable and easily disconJ
LIVER certed. You will notice many
symptoms that you really have,
I l\/trjD and many that you really do no«
*-» V C£\ have. You need a good liver,
regulator, and this you should!
LIVER J ake at one You can get it
1-1 v 1-11 from ug -write for boo \ oa
1 iirrn liver troubles, "All About thej
LIVER Liver," sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DR.MCNULTY.
This well known and reliable specialist treats
Private Chronic and Nervous Diseases of
31 en only lie sops Discharges, cures secret
Blood and Skin Diseases, Sores and Swellings;
Nervous Debility, Impotence and other Weak-
nesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body. Prevents Consump-
tion, Heart Disease, ening of the Brain and
Spine, Insanity and other afflictions caused by the
Errors, IS .\ cesses and diseases of boys and men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves DeformlMei and restores the Organs to
Health. Ha also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and her Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. .McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. Ills New Pamphlet on Private
Diseases sent free to all men who describe their
trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms reason-
able.
Hours— 9 to 3 dally ; 6:3o to B:3o evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 13 only. Consultation free and sacredly
confidential. Call or address .
P. 1 OSCOK McNTJX/TY. M.D.
2GVa Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
£B** Beware of strangers who try to talk to yon
about your disease on the street or elsewhere. '
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
LIPOTAIJR ,\.. /-\.
Chinese Tea and Herb L»- J
Sanitoriom, f^*H9
No. 727 Washington St., \♦* 3
San Francisco, Cal. Y3r f
Cor. Brenhiun Plas* abort Jfe . A
tfieplaxa. >t^^ /£>**.
Office Hours: 9to 13, I -*?Z- \wk iJE^^s.
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *ty£vr
day, 0 A. M. to 12 M.
1.1 Fo Tal Jr., son of the famous it pqJ
Tal, has taken bis father's business,
and Is, after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $10 00 -
bouthfleld. ....„ 9 50" .-..- ***•
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. s'm
Seattle 800-Halitoa 400
Bryant.... ' 7 00-Hali ton. 400
-Telephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
623 Howard Street, Near First.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UBK JUAMIAN A BITTERS. THd
KJ great Mexican .Remedy; gives iiMUk *a 4
; (btiengtu to tat tMxual organ* ' »—»•—*DUNHAM WAS AT
SANTA BARBARA.
Seen in the Southern Town
While Toiling Toward
Mexico.
DR. SIMPSON'S STORY.
Declares Positively That He En
countered the Fugitive Ten
Days Ago.
HE LED A SHAKY BICYCLE.
Wheel and Owner Bore Evidence of a
Hard Journey Over Rough
Roads.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 13.— A
story that adds weight to the Mammoth
Tank dispatch printed in The Call this j
morning, declaring that Murderer Dun- |
ham bad escaped across the Mexican
border, was given publicity by a Santa
Barbara citizen to-day. He is positive I
that he saw the Campbells fugitive in this |
city ten days ago, and that Dunham was }
then working in the direction he would |
have taken to appear a day or so later at
tiie home of a railroad employe on the
Colorado desert. That this intelligence
was not sooner given is doe to the fact that
the man who saw and talked with Dun
ham, though a professional gentleman of
intelligence and standing, had not read
the newspapers of recent date, nor seen
the published portraits of the butcher.
Dr. G. W. Simpson, a well-known citizen
of Santa Barbara and a man whose word
and opinion carry value, was returning
home from State street on the night of
June 3. Near the corner of Chapala and
Anapamu streets, a lonely locality, al
tnough but a block from the Arlington
and San Marcos hotels, a man leading a i
bicyae came up to him and made some
inquiries.
The doctor was impressed by the ap
pearance of the man. who looked
completely fagged out and sin
gularly troubled and depressed. His
wheel was in an extraordinary condi
tion, the tire being bound at one point
with a strip of bine jeans and at another
with a strip of white muslin, and what ap
peared to be a piece of rubber hose split
open and spread out flat was applied to the
tire in one place. Wheel and rider had
evidently come a long distance and were
on the point of collapse.
"Can you tell me where the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe offices are?" asked
the man, wiih the address and speech of a
genti man. Dr. Simpson informed him,
poiniing to State street, one block away,
and explaining the number of blocks he
wouii have to go.
"Which office is nearest?" persevered
tfte stranger.
The doctor told him.
"What time does the next train leaye V '
"You can't get a train, sir, before to
morrow morning," replied the doctor.
"Can I catch a steamer going south to
nigbt?"
The doctor did not know. He afterward
learned that no steamer touched here that
night. Instead of going to State street, as
he had been directed, the stranger kept on
down Chapala, the side street. Dr. Simp
son looked after him with curiosity. He
observed that the man drooped as if he
were exhausted. It puzzled him to under
stand why a man of his evident station
and excellent bearing should be in such
condition, with such a strangely battered
wheel, and in such a hurry to get oat of
town, instead of inquiring for a hotel and
bicycle-shop so as to lay up for rest and re
pairs. As the man led ni3 wheel across
the street the doctor remarked how
illy nis suit of light clothes fitted the fel
low, and wondered again that he snould
be wearing clothes which were plainly
never cut for him.
Dr. Simpson walked on to his home, re
flecting all the way. When he reached
there he said to his wife:
"I have just met and talked with a man
who has committed some crime and is
trying to get out of the country."
The incident haunted him, but he spoke
of it to no one until yesterday, when EJ
Thompson, collector for the Santa Barbara
Water Company, walked into the doctor's
office and began talking about Dunham.
Dr. Simpson was vaguely aware that the
murders had been committed, but knew
nothing of the circumstances of the crime
or the pursuit of the fugitive. Thompson
showed him Dunham's portrait. Simpson
sprang to his feet.
"Thompson," he said, i; I saw and
talked to that man right here in Santa
Barbara."
To-day he went to the Sheriff's office
and reported the meeting. The Sheriff
and his aids have little to say beyond re
gretting that they were not informed
earlier. Every one acquainted with Dr.
Simpson know s him as a calm, deliberate,
thoughtful man, the last man in the
world to color an account from his
imagination or to make a statement for
which he has not the fullest justification.
A married woman living on Garden
street, in Santa Barbara, who, sixteen
years ago, when a girl of 16, served as
nursemaid to Mrs. Forney, wife of Captain
Forney of the Coast Survey, who was then
quarte red at the Arlington, declares that
at that time James C. Dunham was bell
boy at the Arlington. She remembers him j
as a very mischievous and peculiar boy, of I
whom she and the other working-girls em
ployed about the hotel stood in great
dread.
Among stories related by Dunham was
one told to a Call correspondent by a cred
ible witness to the effect that Dunham
had once confessed that while the family
resided in Santa Barbara County his father
killed a man and made away with him so
successfully that no one ever suspected
him of the crime. A search of the great
registers of this county shows that in 1877
one Abel C. Dunham, whose age is given as
56, occupation farmer, a native of New
York, was a resident of Santa Barbara.
Four years later this name disappeared
from the register.
People here remember the Dunhams as
very respectable people, who lived in the
locality known as "Across the Estero." j
No one can tell where the family is now,
but there is a prevailing recollection that
it moved North.
Now, if Dunham lived in Santa Barbara
Valley when he wa3 a youth he would nat
uraily come this way if working south
warel, as his general knowiedee of roads
would enable him to travel without arous
ing suspicions by asking directions. This
familiarity with the valley and town in the
old days would not argue familiarity with
the railroad offices, as the town has not
only undergone material changes, but the
railroad connection has been made since
then. The fugitive was evidently prepar
ing to board a train or boat, and in all
likelihood abandoned the wheel in this
vicinity.
THE VISALIA TRIAL
Silas Lovren Goes Upon Record in
Denial of the Testimony Against
Him.
VISALIA, Cal., June 13.— The defense
of Silas Lovren, accused of complicity in
the attempted train robbery at Tagus,
was opened this morning. Counsel S. J.
Hinds, in his opening statement, declared
the defense would show that Silas Lovren
had no connection with the alleged train
robbery. It would admit that he had
loaned firearms to the dead robber, Mc-
Call, but not with sinister motives. As
far as Lovren 's apparent connection with
the red cloth that formed McCall's mask
was concerned, it expected to prove Lov
rcn's innocence so clearly that any rea
sonable man would be satisfied.
James Edwards, or Burns, a bartender
in Lovren 's deadfall, denied the testi
mony of Haynes as to Lovren's supplying
McCall with arms.
Silas Lovren was called. He denied
ever having seen Bntt at his saloon. He
denied all "the allegations of previous wit
nesses that implicated him in the least.
He had not gone to Goshen and nandled
the body of McCall, nor was he out of
Visalia on the night that McCall was
slain. Lovren said he wanted the red
cheesecloth to go over a big lamp at a
bouse in "Tigertown," used for a tenpin
alley and a saloon. McCall had been in
his room several tinies before the Wednes
day when he came to get a rifle. The
package of red cloth was lying on the bed
in the room, but the witness noticed no
change in the appearance of the bundle
after McCall had left. McCall was a good
friend of his and had won his confidence.
DIES IN SOUTH VALLEJO
Robert Mattison Passes Away
in Poverty After Years
of Aifluence.
Once a Weil-Known Railroad Man
Who Held Many Responsible
Positions.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 13.— Robert Stitt
Mattison, formerly one of the best-known
railroad men in the country, died at his
home at South Vallejo at 1:15 o'clock this
morning from apoplexy. He had been
sick but a day or two. The officials of the
Southern Pacific Company have issued
orders to the Coroner to see that he has a
respectable funeral. The obsequies will
take place on Saturday.
MaHison was a native of Bennington,
Vt., aged 65 years. When 24 years old he
gave up the occupation of farming and
commenced his career as a railroad man,
filling the positions of ticket agent, brake
man and conductor for the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad Company
from 1854 until 1867.
In the latter year he came to California
and was the first superintendent of the
California Pacific Railroad. This position
he held until 1871, when he was made
division superintendent of thd Humbolt
and Truckee division of the Central Pa
cific Company. A year later he resigned
in hopes to better his prospects, and went
to Peru, assisting in the construction of
the railroad running out of Lima. He
remained there tor a year, and then being
offered the assistant superintendence and
road mastership of the .fanarua Railroad
he accepted, and for rive years remained
with the company. In 1882, the cli
mate not being agreeable, he returned
to the United States and secured the
position of inspector of wood for the
Northern road with headquarters at
Hearn, T*-x. In 1883 he was section fore
man for the Southern Pacific at El Paso.
The following year he again went south
and was made assistant superintendent of
track of the Mexican Central Railroad
Company, with his office at Aqua Cali
ente. He accepted another call from the
Panama company in 1885, and for a year
ran as conductor to Aspinwall and return
to Panama.
In 1886 Mr. Mattison returned to Cali
fornia and his old associates in the South
ern Pacific Company gave him employ
ment with his station at South Yallc jo.
Reverses and misfortune ha-.l overtaken
this old man, and he was at the time of
his death employed as watchman and to
catch the lines when thrown from the
steamer Amador to the wharf at South
Vallejo.
His matrimonial adventures were fail
ures. He was twice married — the first
time to an actress, on whom he spent large
sums of money for jewels, which she fin
ally took to Europe; the second time to a
most estimable young lady of this City,
who was forced to leave .him owing to his
intemperate habits.
About a year ago Mattison fell and broke
one of his limbs, since which time he has
been a sort of a pensioner of the company.
The only surviving relative who is known
is a brother, Andrew Jackson Mattison, in
Burlington, Vt.
»
WORK AT MAKE ISLAND
Increase in the Fore« of Men at thr
-Vnrj/-Pferd.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 13.— The general
i deficiency bill having been passed, work at
th-? navy-yard is picking up. A number
of men have been called for in the depart
ment of construction and those off on
furlough have been called back. By the
Ist of July the force of men employed will
number 600 at least.
An order entirely unexpected to build
two boats for tne Oregon has Deen re
ceived at the yard. The Benuington will
be the first ship to undergo repairs and it
will be completed at the earliest moment.
MONTEREY RAY ADVENTURE.
| Whalers Harpoon a Monster Leviathan
and Narrowly Escape Death
by Drowning.
MONTEREY, Cal., June 13.— Captain
I Pedro and his crew of whalers to-day had
[ a narrow escape from death by drowning, j
They had sighted several large whales,
made for the largest and succeeded in |
hurliner a bomb into him. The victim |
proved to be an immense sulphur-bottom, j
a rare specie of whale and very valuable. I
Wlu-n bombed, the leviathan made foribe j
sea with the whalers in tow.
Suddenly the whale descended with re- |
markable rapidity. The line caught into
an oarlock and the boat was turned partly
over. Had it not been for the presence of
mind of one of the seamen, who cut the
rope, all lives would have been lost.
KILLED AT HOLLISTER
Horrible Death of a young Son of Bx-
Marshal Vr it, , unlit.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 13.— The 11
-year - old son of ex - Marshal Mc-
Donald met a . horrible death this
morning. While watering a pair
of horses, he slipi ed a loop of one of | J
the halter-chains over his neck. Just then j
the of er animal tipped over the wau-rinp- |
trough an« scared its mate. With one ■
bound it broke the neck of the boy, and
then dragged the body through a wire
fence, kicking and plunging for a quarter t
of a mile. Neighbors joined in the chase *
and finally secured the corpse. The wire (j
fense had cut the boy's jugular vein, ana i
the windpipe was severed. (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. || THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. J^^^ THEJSMPORI CM. -^
-(fig 15 t' dS yV : .-'■'.'■..- ";■ H|BH^BB|HBB||||BPbBW^PHp'I|SBP /=■— Wj Jin the making, which tallies (p
\\3 ■••/% mr A^mmm ' " sB^^iT^^RHSBRI b^r\ S9 c ' ose 'v with custom tai- ffl
\IH Wv''' : &i ' — i^rS i^v JSwS ■ afti -J8 ft* I'- .. "* I / loring that, if you want a fj
J^P^!, jJfr . JW. C^^B^^p jWfW \ I - " ■Mfcfli^yjßffll^Baßß ' BBM wk \ suit for yourself or your boy, m
if l 11, /~^^r i JwßmßUnUKf aifm^BP K Q&B^iMNPMJP'P^OWm m™"^ t Wat TmJl^^^^^^jßi Wj B^^^h^ »V we know that fromour stock
W^ h/ '\S /VJL, jjgK mjl^^ 1«- I 1 - fit el • I midflSf fj| jL Jfin^, we can P le ase you. Our £
fllf/!/ A ptZ^^khJftffiiw& HPBHKmBK^I NpBBSHkSHB " HPi irii i^® wi!l be our loss, for we could fjj
gjfo v/ 'b! \— v>c-->ir^^'^l _ I|^^^^Bl BL. yß^- -^^ «£ W ! not expect you to come back
/s&''¥/ \ H s^~~~~ — "^-^-^^^■i^jßP^^X?^'' ~~"~ — — — -^ 1' r^y^^y again when you needed more (p
r\ AM \\ wti^r/// ' ' — — " • — clothing. (|
vdCP JiJ ji H\ -N Address all [Mail Order communications to the "Mail Order Department," the EMPORIUCM. JErL AA. ' I?
lUnßw/ i '/^Br^l EgVpt* Zi '^° rec^ z ' c^ ti° e highest award at the World's Fair at Chicago, is in attendance in native costume. J\r fr V >>/l \ |l
Bmmr/l $'J^rJlr^\ r ' en y a^ ar an^ s Msistants iviU be found to be most amiable and courteous. I - fit \ '^il \ \l
S Furniture Ordinarily Costs I Coats. *•*«£ ««»«• .1 WATER BOTTLES. $2.00 SILK AT 98c. /jj/l /\\ |
I to Manufacture and De- Ml p^t't^J W!^,^ it£ \J 'JJ W I
«l Hver in San FrancisCO * any that has been made \\ ■// , ~> inches wide, newest Persian designs. V ll
{ j .- T . T .. so far this season. Deeper cuts than If/ fcr- — <■•- A very heavy quality. This is not \ir\|*C iITQ Cl"> AX *
H More I nan I HIS. . . ever in i the grand new stocks, selling |; [/' '*""■ simply advertised as worth $2.00. MCN o OUlia, q>l£.<K). /p
|H r . of which was unavoidably delayed J) U v ''••*» •■.\J ' We state an actual fact. We have selected all of our $15 ||
I 0 f?-i^^tlr^^ nearly three months. Cuts in prices Jl |\i\Vv. ' V* 1 "" *',"y and $16.50 Suits in fine Cheviots, gi
% -i.".. " |T "^ '"" to insure the immediate sale of these /&>£? —^^*f\ V* *y fancy brown plaids and in clay si
m ■ — goods. 'M^^M^'V'A \.7 ■ SEVEN SPFfIAI VAMIFSIM worsteds, black or blue Sack Suits, m
fc p- ZZ » /Up,'! fUO&k Ml OCYLni ariAJAL VALLLS IN single or double breasted, round or I
I E=^=3 . JACKETS. fiPsSaHjL FINE BLACK SILKS square corners-admirably tailored- ft
H I , _-J JALi\Lio. %>& '^^PS JL and offer them for one week at about jjf
I f^TWt I PliSi W^mW^ A1.48C a Yard. |la* Figured «h«,ractua,co !L _ §
c) r I. .7/ ._/... so%f in elegant styles, silk, good heavy quality, a 75c value. (£>
» -~ rJ>^^^^^^-~£« »**( pearl buttons, supe- _ , " tAt 75c a yard— Black Figured .Taf- (£i2S if
w — : : VLWA _y£4*=-^ rior. workmanship, At «i. BO each— Water Bottles— same feta, 24 inches wide, extra quality, i?*W _ la
ft ===== Y/\ v^^^^f^N sizes 32 to 36 only. pattern as picture— cut neck and cheap at $1.00. % / : BOYS W
§S — — i / » (P/fA ny^-A They were $10. cut star bottom. A very special [\* * -.„ - — /m. n% %
¥ : _/ l£>o\ <py) — - ■ value - «** 150 a yard— Imported Black Satin MV^M V
I lOSln \ - AS-STIS: At 5,70 set-Goblets to match. Brocade, in n^wand stylish^ ects, /^XQ MJ "*' |
I In ■'^ mTxe J d aC do&, h iS m Zt£!o? tpXSeCmdflO ° rhaCkOf 5 c ayard^c* Gros Grain \Q*: A $l ' B5 ' 1
% W't'stU front, large and small pearl buttons; I mam «*>* tor. Damassee in the newest designs, >" All-wool Cheviot S
f _ W a beauty; worth $12. . ■.._„_ , ,„„ splendid fabric for costumes or \\\t\ —brown, gray or £
I i*r--r^ aoeau^w — - NIGHT LAMP. separate skirts, would be a choice \\ \\ tan— knee pants M
i / I Ilk Jit S/o-Finest light tan Kersey ==, ' , • value at $1.00. \\J V ages 6to 14 years |
€ ' "~^--^T Jacket, fly front, finished with small J^L At 9 8c a ya-d-Black Brocaded Gros ( Zl°i° r mese 5
<§ tfr «* white pearl buttons, all silk lined, a y^7l~~\^ — Grain in large rich designs, ex Vt U eisewnere. »
I L 3 remarkable offering; were $18. /MJ/A\\ Oil Ni ht Lam elusive at the EMPORIUM. M \\ — — I
$S _^& l/?ffiw#§) \\ Ull Night Lamp <~—d *a
i 9 ♦ =' i.j J :---?;■ I) with globe, for At Si a yard— Imported Black Satin i
(£> ..i^,., , -jaa- TADFQ ' M 4P^. // sickroom or Brocade, extra heavy, all new de- RAYC WASH !ITQ <HI "^c; %
W ' {^g = "' === ZZS ' CArL 3. \\ I 5"/ Jj • nursery— nine signs, of course, for there is not a dun WA3n.3U113, JW.J3 & 1
jl J*** 1 *" — The extraordi- X- ■, < V inches high— yard of old material in the EMPO- Pretty Wash Suits, with large II
1 _ . $&M ".' nary Cape Sale * W/'fti, blue delft— delft- RIUM. Others ask $1.50 f0r this sailor collars— cut from the former S
% Price $10. f*VJ : which we inaugu- f^T painted decora- grade. prices of $2 and $2.50 to $1.35 for this M
I W Ach R^Hrnnm 9 P r i ni-re<;— JiMfc, rated last Thurs- /nT^\ tlon - s " . om P !ete Jt * - — ,•  01 1 sale. a
y Ash Bedroom bet— 3 pieces— Dev v^?^ day proved an eve- // / \\ as in picture $1 At $1.35 a yard— Imported Black ■ — M
\% eled plate-glass mirror. Picture gives ii HI //kv "*•- Satin Brocade, large and small de- BOYS' WAISTS 20c EACH.
I you but a faint idea of the handsome ,/ / ] |^VV eSeJced I shoo- //Ml signs, very rich and heavy, actual WI3 WA1313, AlCmtn. 9
\ appearance of this furniture— only 28 Vi^ experten^ r S!L // J&SkX ' worth $1.75. Special Monday and Tuesday only W
V left to sell-will probably not last \^T^>xL SSnfthV«pS /HMM@K lam* tww «. . ~ i -50 dozen Calico or Flannelette .ft
ff more than two days. -v '^ some ot the special /M?i*WiMs\ La . mp j p % rt ~ B ack 100 feet of shelving de- Waists— light and dark colors— well M
ft. , — . •■ -£IICeS:l 1CeS: VM^IS^ IZ * *°° r DreSS entirely to %lack^ made. • |
1 t^*^iilifePS^gi **i *'- 2 *r- A l l IOOLl 00 L d fi th d ° Uble f \X \• J ~~ . Goods, makes, more styles. Per- V CARPETS AND RUGS. |
H Sg<^eggfegsr<»- g^.| Capes, finished with five rows of •%^^f& "-~~ manC nny< y «fth* dywateo -«- ?T"^r~T", W
g) ; :~^. -gj^-^.^^-- — ~-^~\, Soutache Mohair braid, all sizes. lutely guaranteed. v /hs fi» Uu r rt2A June |l
g ! **^ e^ z^zi£7^^' \. • ■' The ladies of San Francisco have •«• (tifa Clearing Sale of tit
l| ( '~~~Z i \i ''"^^■\ At $I.23— Full,^^ fine, all-wool cloth n!\!VFD QFTC not been accustomed to such qualities fiT 4fl«ts and Rugs {ff
I more than ~~° T =^T i ~' . . .-* double Capes, velvet collars, full UiWI\tKoLIS. j p $ r and prices as these. of shelving de- Waists— light and dark colors— well fl
P nc< -' s: ff^&^iS) * second floor ™™~T voted entirely to llack made. |J
,- — 1-^ _.», V^^~i 7/ tt UreSS Dress Goods More
ft^J^-'ggT^^^ J\t $2 3 -k\\-™\ cloth double Vr // Goods. mak«. more styles. Per- CARPETS AND RIGS. 1
§2=l <£*&Brs>^ --* G * =! \} Capes, finished with five rows of %v-W^ manency «f the'dyes ateo- s m
;' . .^. - Soutache Mohair braid, all sizes. lutely guaranteed. /fk fir Our Great June 1
f '^^^~-^=-^r^>r^ 1 Tiie ladies of San Francisco have «M> MR} Clearing Sale of fflj
1 '-^ "^T^i *" At St. 23 — Full, fine, all-wool cloth mvviro crTC not been accustomed to such qualities /wY .^^ anc^ ° U S S &*
'■'■ ■ _ double Capes, velvet collars, full UINNLK aLla. and prices as these. -rfi^WLJii wl1 ! be one or the Q
1 i-^ "g^^^^ J? \ circle cut, an unequaled Cape bar- , t o jT^ v d mv ■ S^f^^J'J. mam features of the (\
W & _ "IT_ .... -- -^ 1' g ain ' , /^^-r^^Sv. At 48c a yard— 38-inch Pure Mohair selling in the big »
g) \ , "^^^^ZS^ '" ' ' s& >^-^ '-*v\ Figured Cloth, for street or travel- store during the ||
R ■ ' '^^^r^yf^^ =^~ At Silk Capes, jet and lace /#.&f s :'' A ing purposes, a perfect f dust re- coming week. It is |!
ill I t 7 lTLr2ril=t£l^- ..=r=i\ trimmed, silk lined, a value that &*•s*>' ■ *2&% pellant— originally 75c value. no wonder that this is already the St
13 'r'jV-.-^-^JZL, — ~^*-*^- v will surnrise you l>" • "** ■" i *\ c 1 — ~ v >< v • c- busiest carpet department in town— 9
X' jfes "^~i^^S=— - ~rt win surprise you. fj j|.-;: At Sc a yard— 52-mch Mohair Fin- it deserves to be. There are no other &
I U— -"—.--. >i * 5 . 95 -Ve,vet Capes, silk lined . fet-^ o^-^ ished Cheviot, the kind ongmally such generous carpet values in Frisco. I
§ '1 - "■-- -*" *\ jet trimmed, full circle! cut^ $10 i^^ ' > -^S^r^ " — T he pdCe , S , qU ° ted hefewith indude I
:ft p"^^^- would not have bought this garment c^S^^^^^^^m^ At 60c a yard— 4o-inch Figured So- making and laying. M
m ' I two months ago. \&(^ ?*%f/SSWS Ffr'U liel » pretty designs, stylish and INGRAINS-AH-wool Ex- %
I N II |ij \a\' > ;■ " ''*$' 'Iff/ effective material and which would tra Super— new patterns CC\C M
m L :■? -'Jz 35/ be an exceedingly good value for and colors, worth 65c... j 1 -'^ &)
jr n_ <?«s^rSft 0 1 Anirc* CiliTG "^ — •■ ■-'■■■■.."•■' 75c a yard. All-wool Agra Ingrain — (g
2/ s^^rr<^^^J»{ LAUILo 011110. ' . the heaviest and best 3
!i P^^^^^ 0 s c-Reefer Dresses all-wool This handsome English Ware Din- COLORED "D^S GOODS. all-wool ingrain, made of %
'C^*' ■¥? Cheviot Serges black or navy ncr set-full size-the border decora- unique in pattern, rich and lustrous choice designs and col- ??- %
IY^AJ Jd'\ nobby box "fronts fackete lined tion of a bluish gray color-52 pieces in appearance, real worth $1.25 a ore, worth 90c.. 55 C 1
nW^J/mXA throughout Spl'e back- full -for 6-$ 7 . 10. - ; , . >.:V- yard. TAPESTRY $
WmWR I sleeves, pretty buttons, skirts made SlfSSi, ! P nl5 a Sfl rninom norcc rnnnc -E^.l"^'^ l " dl i d - @
!\ j/W,Z M\\ full lined, etc., all sizes. Sample will separate pieces. on COLORED DRLSS GOODS. ing Smith & Sanford's ,9
■W//fW (/' )": iuii, micu, ct»-., auaiz.c3. Sample Will be sent, by mall on malcp*:— all new desir- )8l
; I l^^^^J;'. /a . w -Blazer Dresses of the apphcation. ****.# a S«:t- 4 o ; mch fi Tweed ab i e styles, with or with- fc |
iG fe^^iL best mixed Cheviot doths, cut- TEA SETS "St a g nd sSlish^effeS, each suit B^f^osaysst ■° 5 - 1
: B Vt— ~Z^T~^^ pearl buttons, sleeves, ripple ItASLI^. contains 8 yards, actual worth $4. B quality made, including §
: 4) }r ; m :'~TT7 pearl buttons, large sleeves, ripple — - ** quality made, including tej
Q W G&S^kk&x&iF Mi backs, extra wide skirt, rustle- »/*/ 48c a 40-inch Navy Chev- Lowell s stan- jj
!31 ■& '- ■■- -J 3 ___^ ■rj lined, velveteen finish, all sizes. '■^i^w^lvtfiv iot, cloth weight and especially dan* 5-frame quality, vr » mfl
i « W&gZfe&giZ&l ! ' <\ t'S^S^'trAN adapted for tailor-made suits, a , worth $1.35 4) 1. 1 W |i
m L ' ~:. _ n _JT- ■] Jit $14.8*,— Reefer Dresses in hand- A \ f **iMf ■ f Y| good value at 65c. LINOLEUM — Extra |
W !' ' <qS2 :^~^= P^?- g>*] I some box front styles, strictly \ \ / vh \ h ~T7 ,-, _  Heavy American and i
l^ 1 : "'""" " '*-- '■' f \ tailor-made of finest all-wool, fancy I . \/f * \ W *At 55c a j^ar^—3B-mch Fancy Plaid, English — none better, <-!C\r «
U j r- - Cheviot cloths, wide, skirts lined U> /' . \}p suitable for Waists and Children's - worth $1.00 J. /^^ .ft
JR V and jackets lined throughout, all : v'lJ!*''" 1 --•*>•'•*'* 8 Dresses; the cloth is all wool in LINOLEUM— Heavy, 4 j
!p r : ~ C|c Ef| handsome, all sizes. . %i // effective patterns and colorings. yards wide— enough to *
m n ice q>i j. ju. .^sS^^s^?^ ..„,.„ « T^ ,-' work your kitchen all in An 1 /* «
(I This handsome Ash Bedroom Set— ~ ; , . T^*rr^i * THE MEN'S STORE. a piece— 85c 4 /2<- «f
g Large Ash Washstand to match— I ARIFS' Rl OOMFRS This charming English Ware Tea Already the most talked of Fur- OlLCLOTH —Desirable %
|i bureau 3 feet 7 inches wide-double LAUIL3 DLUUIYILK3. Set-pattern and shape like picture- nk hi n ?trvS ™ the ™f • ?lriX patterns, good quality, -> Or |l
: iffi^^^gl^ plii^fllli SsTSfeS^" 41 SlßwltS SHoTTHF^fIoT'r'FAMHY-i
I NOTE-B^ine our Si,, lS le b r f^L S rt', e^ro ( L n i: G,ass EngravinFand China Dec §^S^S%X^^i ""£l° " f
ig boards and Hat-trees. We have ment'New York house advertises orating at moderate prices prices ff lUI (JO " tJ< »
- % 200 different patterns. More than these goods at $6.00. : Sjp^ial attention pa.d to Firing of This week we offer. -j^ fl
§ two acres of floor space devoted to Chfnaware and Crockery carefully Men's Shirts $1.15. +*~fTl */ I
i tf Furniture in the Twentieth Cen- mini nRFQQrc packed for shipping without extra 100 dozen Men's Fine Quality /v/VA <f^3> (£
i d fury Department Store. UtLK UI\L3aL3. charge. Laundried Custom Made Dress / r<vnV^ if
IX — At Si 50— Duck Dresses, ripple  L .."T 7 • . „ Shirts,, imported Madras or French -A //""# N\^ ft
I Sheet MusiC More than 50,000 back,' blazer style, full skirts, good Crockery Department second floor Percale bosom, in the handsomest of KHi J^ji\ pp) i
I I rw™*-!J! ♦^Pieces of Sheet : patterns and colors. ;■ west.- : _____ . this season's patterns, positively \ A O I^-f J %
! « Department. Music — all the — ; '<. r~ — ~ . never been sold in price for less than \ JLSjFsHJ yC\ W
lif latest music of the day-Si new Artists' Our complete assort $1.75. /° /r K (V>l^C% 9
I Svaitz music-classical a y nd operatic GAS FIXTURE AND MANTEL Supplies. g ent Kn's^ In c d^ (Men's ~sTirts 75 c. SJ-J X « i
I ' DEPARTMENT. brated colors-brushes, mediums, This for Monday and Tuesday only. //\ M [^-TrT'O |!
I Here are some of the latest popular I^^bK S^^issriS: Fine quality Percale or Madras Laun- / .// MS \ y|ir ■ j
fi songs at prices such as ynu cm only Pitted cXKr Masury's Amtnca n 0,l Colors-dou- dried- Shirts, "up-to-date" patterns, (/f\ \ Yf;l't\
I obtain them for at the EMPORIUM": gSs^MfoS'kin^ " EniS-paintsraicoloi'.^SS j^^for the first Un,e at less U,an / WkjyWjA I
rn'Nnf Fnr^b, V™, r™ •••■*** i r *-Neat and pretty Elec- | r A fine display of Casts and Statu- ' Night SMrts 4 V. . U-J V y¥\^**A \ I J
Bdhof SL ..:.:..?. ::::::::::^ M $ c chandelier? SJ s**^ Elec " ary> from c and modern * Night Shirts 4C)C ' v ?? ?
Daughter of ' Officer forter Shed copper^w brass, 'VneraHv Picture- The latest novelties in Men's Utica Muslin Night Shirts, Vi «^ J *" |
Coon With Wbtte Spots 2OC ' so i d at J6.00. .generally ficture Old ' Enellsh" ' Dutch prettily trimmed and embroidered, 52 YOUR'S-53-Men's French Calf 1
£/._£__ Etc - " so.dat*6.oo — n Framing and Japanese Oak, jnches long cut full in the body, S -hand wilt-all the latest toes! 1
| We have just revived the latest from /// /s^^-pas and Electric Globes, To Order. wlt J> natural wood regular at 75c __ including Razor, Grecian, New f
i New York, I ' Juliemie". 20c probably the largest assortment of mats and passepar- Stutgarter Underwear $ l .70 Each Opera, Yale, Globe. This is the $4 g
B The X-Rays Will Give it Away 1™ • this class of goods on the coast at touts to match— the new shades in ! i -1 ar^ V -.v kind for $3. %
■tt / "^«^^'" uw*w^w«. 2OC prices ranging from [5c Ito $3.50 green and brown— bronzes with gold Men's Shirts and Drawers in this YOUR WIFE'S— S3 50 a pair— 9
•JH- *v iminxMc","" each ' mats-appropriate; for colored pic- famous make at $1.70 each. 10c rise Ladies' French Kid Oxford Ties, 1
§ MAY IRWIN'S Latest Hit, — \ -hires. . m size. . Sold . m other stores at $2.00 • Louis XV heel, hand turned, patent- 1
I SHE ALWAYS DRESSED IN BLACK At 522.50— A handsome Wood Man- . L.r-7 , •■, . " each and 25c rise. ' leather tips. Shoes worth $5 for %
111 — : — '■ - tel, enameled tile hearth and facing, Portrait 20x24 inch— the frame 6 y-, . , ,y~7~ r. 1 «i 0 If
II NOTE-A talented Pianist in at- grate, blower, ashpan, etc., com- Orirdll inches-cream a nd gold, Glastenhury Underwear 93c Each. YOUR GIRL'S-«i 75-Clcthtop 9
m tendance m Sheet Music Department. plete. You could not probably get 1 Tames.; with mat and glass com- v Men's Genuine Glastenbury in spring heel, Vici kid the slipper S
W Monthly Catalogues mailed free upon a Mantel better adapted for your plete,. at hart the regular prices- natural wool, camel's hair, cream or foxed, all sizes from 11 to 2 Our «
gl . application. . j purpose under $50.00. ) $1.75, $2.20, 52.95, f3-3°- vicuna, sold elsewhere at $1.25 each. regular $2.50 shoe.
EMPORIUM, SAN FRANCISCO. I
+ 1
56
MOB RULE ON
THE COLUMBIA
Masked Men Capture the
Boats of Two Astoria
Fishermen.
SALMON THROWN AWAY
Persons Ambushed on Shore Fire
Upon Occupants of River
Craft.
INCREASE OF THE PATROL
Sheriff Hare Prom'ses Protection From
Further Attacks by the
Strikers.
ASTORIA, Or., June 13.— Sheriff Hare
received a telegram from Clifton late this
evening stating that masked men had
boarded a fishing boat at Woody Island,
five miles below Clifton, and thrown 150
saJmon overboard. So many boats are
now engaged in fishing up the river in the
neighborhood of Clifton that one patrol
boat is insufficient to protect them. Ar
rangements were accordingly made this
evening to put on a second patrol boat.
An attempt was made to-night to mur
der a fisherman named Sam Brown, who
was fired on from shore by persons in am
bush. Sheriff Hare's patrol boat imme
diately steamed for the spot where the
shot had been heard. The patrolman
found Brown some distance up one of the
sloughs, daring the men to come out and
give him fair fight.
"You cowards," Brown was heard to
Bay, "you dare not show your beads and
give a man a fair show."
The would-be murderers refused to come
out, and Brown finally resumed fishing
operations.
The following private dispatch was re
ceived from Clifton to-night by The Call
correspondent here:
"This morning one of Cook's most suc
cessful fishermen, while on his way to the
cannery, was attacked by twenty-five
men, some of whom were masked. After
disarming him the attacking party threw
150 salmon, valued at $150, overboard.
This afternoon another of Cook's men was
attacked and disarmed and eighty salmon
thrown into the river. Other fishermen
have been fired upon within the last
twenty-four hours. One brave fellow was
fired upon from the shore and made for
his assailant, who took to the woods..
Sheriff Hare has placed a steamboat on
the drift above Clifton with a posse of
deputies, but this is not sufficient. We
desire more protection, and to the credit
of Sheriff Hare he has promised it."
BATTLE AT SANTA CRUZ
Mernmac ana Muniiui Clash ir
Bloodless Rehearsal on the
Lagoon.
Hundreds of People Applaud the
Maneuvers of the Doughty
Antagonists.
SANIA CRUZ, Cal., June 13.— The en
thusiasm of the citizens of Santa Cruz and
the large number of visitors here over the
assured success of the water carnival is
very gratifying to the Carnival Associa
tion. The streets were thronged by people
to-nirht, and at 8 o'clock the sidewalks of
Pacific avenue were almost impassable to
pedestrians coming uptown. The crowd
was going to the carnival > inds, where
the spectators witnessed tho lighting up
of the throne and electric canopy and
watched the rehearsal of the sham battle
between the Monitor and tli" Meriimac.
A thou.-and or more people passed through
the pates to witness tbe preliminaries.
Th throne which will be occupied by
Qu^en Josephine was brilliant in yellow
and white, with hundreds of incandescent
lights artistically arranged, and was a
pretty contrast to the dark background of
green foliage which stood out blacic
againtt the star-decked sky. To the rigiit
of the throne, as viewed from the arena,
the music-stand, with its electric display
overhead bidding a "Welcome to the Santa
Cruz Water Carnival"' was a source of
great attraction to the visitors.
The movements of the Monitor and
Merrimac and the explosion of the mimic
guns Cittisedan outburst of applause from
the people, and e*ch change of position
was watched eagerly and applauded vig
orously.
SEATTLE'S CONVENTION.
Prohibitionists Name Robert E. Dunlap as
Their Standard-Bearer — Woman
Suffrage Indorsed.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 13.— The Prohi
bitionists held their State Convention in
this city yesterday, nominating a ticket
headed by Rev. Robert E. Dunlap of Seat
tle for Governor. A. C. Dickinson of
Waitsburg was nominated for Lieutenant-
Governor; C. L. Haggard of S«attie, Sec
retary of State; A. B. Griffiths of Monte
sano, Attorney-General; John Robin of
Castle Rock. Treasurer; C. C. Gridley of
Vancouver, Auditor; D. T. Denny of Se
attle, J. J. Ashby of Pomeroy, R. F. Whit
man of Olymp.a and 0. J. Gis>t of Walla
Walla, Presidential electors.
Having renewed allegiance to Almighty
God and declared i:i favor of the candi
dates chosen and the principles enunciated
by the Pittsburg National Convention,
and that the rig t of suffrage ought not to
be abridged because of sex, the platform
declares that the manufacture, exporta
tion, importation and sale of alcoholic
beverages are threatening, the perpetuity
of social, commercial, industrial and politi
cal institutions of this country, and that
the Prohibitionists of the State of Wash
ington^ "favor legal prohibition, by State
and National legislation, of the manu
facture, exportation, importation and sale
of alcoholic beverages; that we declare
onr purpose to organize and uuite all
friends of prohibition into one party."
A declaration in favor of the initiative
and referendum was a'so made.
m
Tehntnn Jlepnblieana
RED BI.UFF. Cal., June 13.— The Re
publican County Central Committee met
here this afternoon and elected delegates
to the First Congressional District Con
vention, which is to meet in San Fran
cisco on June 30. The sentiment ex
pressed was strongly in favor of the re
nomination of Congressman Barbam, and
a resolution to that effect was unani
mously passed. Captain J. F. Matlock
whose candidacy for the- nomination was
announced some time aeo, withdrew from
the contest, and in a speech •warmly in
dorsed Judge Barham's candidacy and
pledg-d himself to do all he could to pro
mote it. He denounced what the people
believe is railroad interference in Congres
sional contests.
The delegates chosen were: Dr. G. W.
Westlake, A. T. Ellis, Dr. W. F. Maggard.
Dr. F. H. Albright, D. D. Dodson.
CINCINNATIN IN FORM
They Ably A*niHea Ehret in a Great
Fielding Game.
BOSTON*, June 13.— Ehret had the Bostons
completely at his mercy to-day. In four in
nings they retired in order. There was sharp
fielding on both Bides. The visitors hit Sulli
van hard and ran bases with great dash. Bos
tons—l, 3, 3. Cincinnatis— 6, 11,3. Batteries
— Sullivan and Tenney, Ehret and Vaughan.
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— The victory of
the Louisville club to-day was well deserved
end was due largely to the pitching of Frazier,
which was simply wondertul. Only five hits
were made ofl" him. Grady getting three of
them. Score: Philadelphias— l, 5, 0. I/)uis
villes—3, 14, 2. Batteries— Lucid and Grady,
Frazier and Miller, Umpire— Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 13.— The Chicagos
found both Pond and Corbett to their liking.
They took a commanding lead in the first in
ning and made a runaway race of it. Only
two hits were made off Terry until the sixth
inning. Score: Baltimores — 4, 11, 6. Chi
cagos—l7, 15, 0. Batteries — Pond and Clark,
Terry and Donanue.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 13.— Foutz's team
succeeded in winning the final game of the
series from the Clevelands at Eastern Park this
afternoon, making three straicht. It was any
body's game until the last man was retired.
The home team's victory was due to timely
batting. Score: Brooklyns — 6, 112, 2. Cleve
lands—s. 8, 3, Batteries— Kennedy aud
Grimm, Cuppy and O'Connor.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 13.—Washing
ton-St. Lou is game postponed; rain.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 13.— The Pittsburgg
made it three straight to-day. Hawley was
forced to retire at the end of the first inning,
when he sent Six men to bases on balls. Clarke s
; fumbie of Lyon's bounder in the ninth inning
lost the same. Score: New York* — 8, 4, 3.
I Pittsburgs — 10, 10, 1. Batteries — Clarke and
i Wilson; Hawley, Hughey and Merritt. I'm
j pire— Campbell.
BEN BRUSH, BY A HEAD
Mike Dwyer's Good Three- Year-
Old Won the Buckeye
Stakes.
Willie Sims Ou finished Perkins, Who
Rede McClelland's Prince
Lief.
OAKLEY RACETRAK, Ohio, June 13.—
Ten thousand voices cheered Ben Brush
and Jockey Sims after they won the Buck
eye stakes to-day and enriched MikeDwyer
I $5000. The race was the best of the meet
ing. The flae fell to a beautiful start,
with Loki first to show. Perkins imme-
I diately went to the front with Prince Lief
j and led into the stretch, where he was
| challenged by Ben Brush. In a desperate
I finish Sims landed Ben Brusi under the
j wire, winner by a head. The time, 1:53%,
! beats the track "record. Summary:
Seven furlongs, Bloomer won, Mylan second,
Fred Barr third. Time, 1 :15.>^.
Five furlongs, Martie Reed won, Winker
second, Rampage third. Time, 1:20^.
One and an eighth miles, the .Buckeye
stakes, Ben Brush won. Prince Lief second,
Loki third. Time, I:s3'^.
i One mile, Judith won, Rey del Mar second,
j Doorga third. Time, 1:42.
j Fiver furlongs, Scarf pin won, Cherry Leaf
I second, Viscount third. Time, 1:011^.
! Six furlongs, Old ('enter won, Argentina II
second, Remanant II third. Time. 1 :14%.
CHICAGO, 111., June 13.— The feature
at Forsyth to-day, ttie mile and a sixteenth
handicap, was won very handily by Sunny.
Favorites won four of the events and hit
the bookies hard.
Seven furlongs, Hinda won, Nero second, Dr.
| Parke third. Time, 1 :32^.
Five furlongs, Provideni won.Terriflc second,
j Vanessa third. Time, 1:04%
Six furlongs, Ferryman II won. Simmons
second, umnwuua third. Time, 1:18.
One and a sixteenth miles handicap, Sunny
| won, Dejure second, Toots third. Time, l:51 3/i.3 /i.
Five furlongs, Cajsarian won, Hartford Boy
second, Wilmetyh G third. Time, 1:03.
Five furlongs, Inspector Hunt won, Lindon
second, Bismark third. Timel:3l}4.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— books
were hit hard to-day, the first, second,
( third and fourth races going to favorites
| and the fifth and sixth to choices at small
figures.
Five furlongs, Osiris II won, Fervor second.
j Bill Dawdy third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile, Amelia May won, Bridget second,
! Ashland third. Time, I:42J£.
One and a sixteenth miles, Salvable won,
I Argentine second, Honor third. Time, 1:48.
J Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, Al
| gol won, Typhoon second, Ornament third.
; Time, 1:08! -
One and a sixteenth miles, Muskalonge won,
; Bing Binger second, Whisper third. Time,
! 1 :46.
Six furlongs, Dora H Wood won, Johnny Mc-
Hale second, Hester third. Time, 1 :14 J.' 2 .
GRAVENSEND, N. V., Jane Clear
j and cool weather brought over ßooU persons
' out to-day. The features of the card were
the great American stakesof $1200 for two
■ year-olds, at five furlongs, and the Boule
i yard stakes of $2500, for three-year-olds at
; a mile. In the first-named event, Don de
i Oro was favorite, but he finished in the
| ruck, the honors being carried off by
I George Kessler. To win the Boulevard
' stakes was a mere pipe-opening gallop for
Manrrave, who was a prohibitive favorite.
In the first race, Ten of Hearts bolted and
rushed into a fence. A rail penetrated her
; chest, killing her instantly. Sheedy, who
! rode her, landed in the long grass unin
jured.
Five furlongs, Kana H won, Pleuruse second,
; Mistral II third. Time, 1:04.
One and a quarter mile». Gold Crest won,
Sir Dixon Jr. second, Lonsdale third. Time,
! 2:09*/ 4 .
Five-eighths of a mile, George Kessler won,
| Arbtickle second, Rhodesia third. Time,
l:02»£
One mile. Margrave won, Hamilton II sec
ond, Volley third. Time, 1 :42^.
Three-quarters of a mile, Buckrene won,
Tinge second, Buckwa third. Time, I:lsJ^.
One and an eighth miles, CharAde won, St.
' Mi'.xirn second, Lake Shore third. Time, 1:56.
OMAHA, Nebb.. June 13.— 2:15 trot, purse
I $1000, Pat L won, Alamato second, Pactulus
third. Best time, 2 :l2V£.
2 :19 pace, Durse $1200, Idler won, Ethan H
second.lra Band third. Best time, 2:15.
3:00 trot, purse $1000, Ella Calhoun won,
Lady Alfred second, Kathleen third. Best
i time, 2:lH»j'. _
Itacina ft Portland,.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 13.— The open
ing of the week's racing at Irviugton Park
to-day drew an attendance of about 6000
peovle. The results were as follows:
Trotting, 2:18 class, Miss Jennie first, Car
lyle Karne second. Time, 2:22.
Pacing, 2:21 class, Ethel C first, Jessie P sec
ond. Time, 2:23.
One and one-eitrtith mile, hurdle, Hello first,
llestor second. Time, 2:08^.
Running, five furlonus, General Co^ey first,
BiHCk Alder second. Time, 1:03.
H'oodlnnn Koad- Knee.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 13.— The
second twelve-mile handicap road race of
Yolo County wheelmen over the Main
street course, this evening, was witnessed
by a lar^e crowd. It was won by R. W.
KilpatricK of Knights Landing, with two
minutes handicap, in 40:03; TiJden Nichol
of Yolo, 30 seconds handicap, second. Ray
Mc'Murray, scratch, won time prize in
38:26.
The Labor Unions
A special meeting of the Bricklayers' Union
was neld last evening to consider whether or
not to allow its members to woric on a job at
the Presidio. It seems that a contracting
carpenter named Hansen wants to get brick
layers. The union prefers to work only for
boss bricklayers and not for carpenters. Han
sen does not satisfy the union as a boss, and it
was decided not to let any union men under
take the job.
At a meeting of the Brewery Workmen's
Union last evening Secretary Walters reported
thai all of the trades unions in the City had
indorsed the organization's system of fighting
the boss brewers who are not favorable to the
union; also that they had agreed to patronize
only the breweries which are favorabls to the
union.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
DEMOCRATS OF
LOS ANGELES
Railroad Forces Elect a
Majority, of the
Delegates.
WHITE IS CHAIRMAN.
The Senator's Candidacy for the
Presidential Nomination
Indorsed.
M LONG-HAIRS" ARE BEATEN.
Careful Organization Wins tlie Day
for the Last-Mitchell
Faction.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 13.— The
most stubborn, vehement and determined
convention right ever witnessed in any de
liberative body took place here to-day be
tween what has been commonly known of
late as the "Durity push" — the' Patton-
Stepbens-Herald people— against tne Last-
Mitchell-railroad element of the Demo
cratic party. Every inch of ground was
contested from start to finish, and it took
until 8 o'clock this evening to complete
the work of selecting delegates to the
State Convention. Never before, perhaps
was the importance of skilled leaders and
perfect organization among a faction bet
ter demonstrated than in the result of the
convention's work. The Patton faction
won the organization easily, because lines
were closely drawn and every delegate
understood just what he was about. After
that every important move was won by
tne opposition, as a result of its skill in
manipulating the affairs of the conven
tion.
George S. Patton won easily in his con
test against George W. Merrill of Pomona
for the position of chairman of the con
vention, and for this the "long hairs"'
felicitated themselves until they came to
segregating the convention into Supervi
sorial conventions for the purpose of se
lecting deJegates to Sacramento. Then
was plainly seen the hand of the railroad
in supporting the motion of Judge Ryan
to amend ths committee's report on order
of business, which had provided for nine
delegates at large and six from each of the
five Supervisorial districts. Ryan's mo
tion was to amend so as to give represen
tation, as he claimed, according to the vote
in each district for Governor Budd. The
motion prevailed.
This gave the First District 9, the Third
7, the Fourth 6 and the Fifth 7 delegates,
with 4 at large, insteaa of 9 as provided
for in tne committee's report. The net
result of this coup and the fact that the
State delegates were, with one exception,
elected late this evening after nearly all
the country delegates had left for home, is
that about 28 out of 39 are with the rail
road.
General Last and W. R. Burke, who
were defeated at the polls, are among this
State delegation.
Just after the noon hour the rules were
suspended, and Senator White was se
lected by acclamation as one of the dele
gates at large. He went upon the platform
and occupied about an hour of the conven
tion's time in a speech. A special resolu
tion was put through, giving him strong
indorsement for the Presidency and elect
ing him chairman of the delegation to the
State Convention.
At least two scuffles and one fight en
livened the proceedines. Joseph Simons
of Pasadena had trouble with Thomas
Dormandy and Thomas McCafT'-ry over
predictions as to whether George W. Mer
rill was or was not an American Protective
Association member, and late this morn
ing W. R. Burke struck the face of Ser
geant-at-Arms Delaney.
The resolutions were brief ana to the
point, but the railroad part of them is
lamentably out of harmony to the ma
jority sentiment of the delegation selected.
The railroad people are an amiable lot of
fellows and don't propose to worry about
so small a thing as an anti-railroad resolu
tion. One section of the resolutions ap
proves of President Cleveland's "conduct
of our foreign affair*" and big "rean
nunciation of the Democratic Monroe doc
trine.''
The delegates recognize the patriotic
and distinguished services of Senator
Wiiitfi and particularly his conspicuous
services in behalf of "a free harbor for
Southern California and his determined
opposition to the funding bill. The ad
ministration of Governor Budd was in
dorsed as to its business methods. They
dec arf-d that the party in its National
Convention should demand the remoneti
zaiion of silver and the free and unlimited
coinage of silver and gold into primary or
redemption money at the ratio of 16 to 1
without waiting for the action or ap
proval of any other nation. In accord
ance with this resolution the delegates to
Sacramento were instructed to vote for
such persons only for delegates to the Na
tional Convention as were unequivocally
in favor of the free coinage of gold and
silver.
One plank urges the passage of a law by
the State which would permit the pay
ment of all debts hereafter contracted in
lawful money, notwithstanding any stipu
lation to pay in any particular kind of
money. Another plank opposes any sort
of refunding measure, and declares in
favor of foreclosure of any overdue mort
ga c bor.cU against any deiaulting corpora
tions. Another "sympathizes with the
Cuban patriots in their heroic struggle for
independence, and demands that our Na
tional Government use every honorable
means to s cure their independence and
freedom." T c convention "said by reso
lution ihat it was in favor of ti>e United
States constructing the Nicaragua canal.
The convention instructed its secretary
and chairman to sign officially a petition
for the pardon of W. H. Clune, Philip
Stanwood and Isaac Ro^s, now in the Los
Angeles County Jail on conviction of hav
ing interfered with the United States mail
about two years ago.
Besides Senator White the delegates-at
large are: Joseph Mair. George W. Mer
rill, C. F. A. Last. The other delegates
are: George S. Patton, H. L. Montgom
ery, Harry W. Patton, Joseph Fowler, G.
W. Dobbyns, V. M. Griever," George Rob
erts, J. M. BrooKs, A. McNally. J. J.
O'Brien, Henry W. Dockweiler, W. H.
Workman, George R. Arhuckle. E. H. Mc-
Geary, W. R. Burke, George W. Retzer,
Thomas Mc<;afferv, Martin C. Marsh,
Thomas F. Donahue, Bowles Taney, Ni:k
Winn, George Hines, W. P. Ransaur, J.
Hardis, T. D. English, Isaac E. Messmore,
H. Mooser, Thomas Savage, Adolph Ra
rnish, H. M. Peterson, L. C. Tighlman, F.
H. Nickell, Luke Kelly and half vote each
for T. J. Cuddy aud H. Kearny, who tied
in their district.
Incidents of the convention were the
tremendous enthusiasm created at every
mention in favor of silver, the ovation ac
corded Senator White and the nominating
speech in favor ol George S. Patton by
Colonel J. J. Ayers. Many of the delegates
will leave for Sacramento early to-morrow
morning.
Bey oud the speech of Senator White
w^_ NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS _^_-^_^,
BEARING QUALITIES IN MIND, I
There is no house in town that sells things so cheap. We employ no extra efforts in the JL
, way of magnificence, elegance, art work, musical effusions, evening receptions and other I
such by-plays to call attention to the fact that we have GOODS to sell. That costs money— lots X
of it— and the piper must be paid if you want to dance. WE ARE HERE TO SELL GOODS— to X
cater to your wants— to give you things at the lowest possible living rates and to name PRICES jl
that will attract. That we are doing it is easily proven by the crowds in our store every day q
who come here TO BUY. No other store gives so much for your money. None sell thingsquite JL
so cheap. IT PAYS TO TRADE AT "THE MAZE." X
Dress Goods Attractions.
Ml 9 1 0* Fancy Mixtures and Checked
la l"uC Suitings in a multitude of
different color combinations, reduced
from 25c. : ' — ,'':':
MtZ* Mohair Melange, the favorite
Ivy dust-shedding summer fabrics,
in a variety of mixed colorings, re-
duced from 30c -'-■•:■ - . • = £
MOr;* Pure English Mohairs and Nov-
tiwlj elty Suitings, a big assortment
, . . of different kinds and colors, reduced
from 60c.
MO™-, Domestic and Scotch Cheviots,
OUC English Redferns and French
1 • Novelty Suitings, were bargains at
60c and 50c.
MF\A* The residue of all our Imported
vvv and Domestic Novelty Suitings
in silk and wool, mohair and all-
wool fabrics that sold all season at
SI, 85c and 75c a yard. . • . ■ - ■
""•"""^ "~ -i. j
" SILK ATTRACTIONS.
If Q0« New Dresden and Floral designs
, ill O«MJ in natural colors, full 27 inches j
wide, value at 75c a yard.
' M7Fw» Fancy Brocaded and Printed
. at IwC Warp Dresden Silks, the , most
popular colors and styles for waists,
! were special at $1 a yard. •
if f}~ fi Fancy Printed Warp Taffetas In
At 1 u\i desirable colons and patterns for
waists, trimmings and full costumes,
were $1.25 a yard.
' frnaf Tnf In the prices of all our
Vital vul choice I'er.-iun, Dresden and
1 • Pompadour High-grade Silks. Here-
tofore the cost of these silks made
them available only lor fronts, bat
crowns and trimmings in small quan-
tities. You can now afford Waists
and Skirts of them.
$1.50 qualities reduced to $1.00 a yd
$2.00 qualities reduced to 1 .25 ayd
2.50 qualities reduced to $1.50 a yd
If KQi> All Black Figured Taffeta Silks,
ill vtfli full 24 inches wide, were $1.00.
Mf;™ All Black Brocaded Gros Grain
MOV Silks, special for skirts, were 83c.
MCZ* All Black Jacquard Gros Grain
CiOli Silks, exquisite new designs,
were $1.10.
If tf»l I A All Black Figured Gros de
ill I.IV Londres Silks, exceptional
value, were $1.50.
M<H AA All Silk Plain Black Satin
•pI.VV Duchesse, so stylish for sepa-
rate skirts and full costumes, reduced
from $1.25.
.. ,-.: > " JL
TO M 4IL-OK PER P4liio\S j y^f^i^^^ /* /^ ! OIR M AMOTH CATALO« ! V
n, ii,r Lri ! : /l 1/ LcJ >M<y T^^-fc Z^TT T*-> /^T S* T-* / S~\ ■■ Th « S r ««t Pacific Coa»t : O
: and everything else necessary : H V mSST W^ .m _ W k / '■ Tor reference, it for no T other : X
: to .celebrate the * , National : >hk3 BT 71 <j. ST (7 Kf\ t-UfcaF " : reason than to be sure that your :. V
.',,:,',• WiU be sent free upon : OB Sr j+nnL)RS O> YICJ Ml pi fV /J S%*ti&--'-" ■ l«<»lde»l«r does not over- : X
. request. . | r AA\Uif^ WWW^^ W VWW*%%^ X : char * c ?»» to ° much. : O
after his unanimous election as a delegate
at large he took no part in the proceedings
of the convention. Respecting the chair
manship of the State convention, he says
he will u:ider no circumstances permit his
name to be used in that connection;
neither will he take any part in that issue
m any manner whatever.
SACRAMENTO DEMOCRATS.
Could Favored for Chairman of the State
Convention — Warden Aull's
Ambition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 13.— The
Sacramento delegation is strong for Gould
for chairman of the Democratic State Con
vention; in fact the members of the dele
gation wtre chosen with that end in view.
The delegates irom this county were ap
pointed ty the Central Committee only
two days ago, and there has been no meet
ing of the delegation to caucus, but the
preferences of the men for Gould were
weil knovn before their names went on
t c list. When this arrangement was
made there was no thought given to any
possible contest between W. W. Foote ana
John Daggett.
The fight now raging between those
prominent politicians, while it is convuls
ing the leaders of the Junta and the Buck
leyites in San Francisco and adjacent ter
ritory, does not appear to have disturbed
the people of the capital city; in fact, the
party men here care very little for the
quarrel.
There is no doubt that Foote will be
stronger than Daggett in the State Con
vention, but Foote will not be able to have
Daggett read out of the party again. This
is the opinion of the best-informed among
Sacramento Democrats.
The sentiment expressed here is that
Foote will, or at Uast ought to, be satis
fied with winning for him«elf and his
friends without wanting to wipe his oppo
nent off the face of the earth.
All members of the Sacramento delega
tion and other prominent Democrats of
this county openly boast that they do not
propose to mix up in the (-idf fights 'hat
usually crop ud in a convention. They
announce that they intend to "say noth
ing and saw woo<i," their only fi^ht being
in layor of Gould, and for him all other
considerations ore to b«» sacrificed. As a
mater of fact, the Sacramentans are
frightened because of the movement that
has been developed aainst Gould in Santa
Clara County, joined to the opposition of
the San Francisco Buctley-Daggett ele
ment.
The reason of the opposition in Santa
Cla>a County against Goulii is that Gould,
as one of the directors of the Aen- ws In
sane Asylum, was instrumental in dis
missing a prominent Democrat from that
institution to make room for one of
Gould's relatives.
The Sacramento Democracy has just
fairly begun the consideration of w ,o
shall be delegates to the National Conven
tion at C ica^o from the Second Congres
sional District. The only avowed and ac
tive candidate for the honor so far is
Warden Charles Aull ot Folsom. Aull is
said to have hustled together a good deal
of support from San Joaquin, Yolo. Sierra
and some other counties, but he is in the
interesting Ex of having his own delega
tion solidly igamst him.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue
has declare! oi en war on Aull's aspira
tions, and Mr. La Ree is just now one of
the leading powers in the Sacramento
Democracy. When the Sacramento County
delrgation if seventeen was appointed
several day* ago, Mr. La Rue's wisdom
was one of tie guMin powers.
La Rue, it is generally understood,
charges Auli with being under the sweet
political irduences of the railroad, and
makes that the ostensible cause of his
hostility. Ex-Sheriff Tom O'Neill is also
throwing his influence against Aull and
O'Neill cuti a good deal of local Demo
Cloak Dept^Attractions.
M QFJfI Ladies' Tailor-made Capes, tan or
ill «/wt. blue cloth, 120-inch sweep, notched
collar, ornamented with small buttons.
M-4JI OX Ladies' Double Capes, made of
•pi.-»l. black or navy-blue cloth, double
row of gilt braid, handsome cloth ruche at
neck.
M4*f (i\ Ladies' Capes, in shades of tan,
»pi.«/»j, black and navy blue, ornamented
with fancy strap work, Persian trimming and
ribbon bow and streamers, were sold at $3 50
apiece. \
MtffO Ar All our new styles in Ladies'
•PO.«7J. cloth Capes that sold at $8 50.
$7 50 and $6 apiece, all colors, every style, no
two alike, some elaborately trimmed and orna-
mented, others lined with fancy silk, wonder-
ful bargains. ':&y. ■.■:- : : .
Ms\ Aft Ladies' New Style Box Coats,
»piM/V, made of tan or black twilled
cloths of summer weight, velvet collar, two
.rows of six pretty pearl buttons on front, full
plaited back, were splendid value at $7 50
apiece. .
M. 4«fl nj; Beautifully made High-grade
.Hli •?.«/•». Fancy Shield-front Jackets, made
of those soft, lustrous English broadcloths in
the popular light shades of tan, lined all
through with fancy Persian and Dresden silks,
surmounted with a multitude of pearl but-
tons. Not a great many of them left. If you
want one, hurry ud, tor $15 won't buy as good
elsewhere.
MAKa For the little folks— Nice, stylish,
Al 01. pretty, little Reefer Coats, in red and
navy-blue cloths, deep sailor collars, orna-
mented with white braid and six gilt or silver
buttons down the front, value at $1 50.
Underwear Attractions.
Ladies' All-wool Swiss Ribbed Vests, low neck
and short sleeves, reduced from $1 25 to
75c each.
Ladles' Ecru Cotton, Jersey Ribbed Vests and
Pants, reduced to 25c apiece.
Ladies' Ecru Ribbed Equestrienne Tights, re- I
duced to 25 c.
Ladies' Ecru Cotton Ribbed Combination
Suits, reduced to 48c.
Ladies' Plain Muslin Skirts, reduced to 50c
apiece.
Boys' Extra Heavy Narrow Ribbed Black Cot-
ton Hose, all sizes, 25c a pair.
Ladies' Fast Black and Tan Cotton Hose, both
plain and ribbed, extra high spliced heels
and double coles and toes, at 25c a pair.
Infants' Long Sleeve Ribbed Merino Wrap-
pers, 25c.
Infants' Short White Dress— onr regular dollar
kind— reduced to 50c apiece. .*
cratic ice just now. Yesterday O'Neill bet
a gray Fedora hat that Aull would not get
two votes out of the Sacramento delega
tion.
The Budd administration, however, is
understood to be helping Aull and the
Yolo delegation is credited to him through
the efforts of Kd Leake. So Aull may get
the honor of setting in the Chicago con
vention, but it will not be through the
help of the Sacramento delegation. The
Warden in himself a delegate to the State
Convention and that is why his enemies
here concede him one vote. La Rue has
not openly entered tne race, but it is be
lieved that he will do so. It is also under
stood that D. A. Ostrom of Yuba and
Murion de Vries of Stockton have ambi
tions in the same direction.
Regarding the Daggett machine and its
programme, the Sacramento delegation is
in a position of perhaps a majority of the
delegations from throughout the State, ir;
that a majority of its members have as
yet little knowledge of Dagiiett's pro
gramme and have not given the most
prominent issues of the convention, which
is the subject of Daggett's control, much
interested consideration. There is thus a
tolerably open field for arguments and
pulls, and this field will be black with
laborers when the delegates get together
to-morrow and to-morrow nigbt.
Superintendent or Streets Thomas Ash
worth and Fred Raabe, a deputy in nis
office, were tne only politicians who reg's
tered I ere from San Francisco. They
came up yesterday and their quiet work,
-which excited no comments in the camp of
the enemy, is against Gould and in favor
of the Buckley ites.
There is no dispute iti regard to the cer
tainty of a strong silver plank in the Dem
ocratic State platform. While it is esti
mated that the delegates may be greatly
divided in opinion on this subject, yet it is
conceded that the silver advocates will
win their point without much of a
struggle. This is the result of a belief
tnat the Democratic National Convention
will indorse the views of ihe silventes in
strong terms. The California delegation
to Chicago will be instructed for silver.
PLACER COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
J-'ree Silver Favored and Buckley Vonii-
nation Opposed.
AUBURN, Cal., June 13.— The Demo
cratic County Convention to-day selected
the following delegates to t'.ie State Con
vention at Sacramento: At large — Gen
eral J. Hamilton, G. W. Applegate. G.
Gr;iy; distiict — L. D. Thomas, I. Levison,
Samuel J. Pullen, John Nicholls, A. Mc-
Kiniey. The delegates stand on an anti
railroad platform and the following cur
rency resolution:
Retolvtd, That we are unalterably and un
equivocally in favor of the United States Gov
ernment coining every ounce of sliver mined
within its borders, and we urge that Cali
fornia's delegate!! to the National Democratic
Convention use their utmost endeavor to have
nominated by that convention a silver candi
date on a silver platform, at the ratio of 1G to 1,
without any condition whatsoever.
The delegates individually are against
Buckley domination and do not favor
woman suffrage. lc is considered by
Democrats here the strongest delegation
ever sent to a State convention from the
Gateway county.
Hill on h'ree Silver.
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 13.— "1 think
the silver agitation whic began in 1890
and has been persistently k pt up ever
since," President James J. Hill of the
Great Northern Railway said to-day in dis
cussing the business outlook, "has cojt
the United States three times as much as
the War of the Rebellion. The silver men
themselves are, by their radical meti.ods,
preventing a more liberal use of tne white
metal, for there is a growing sentiment,
especially in Europe, in favor of an inter
national agreement, and it is only in this
way that the free coinage of silver can be
brought about without disaster."
Wash Goods Attractions.
MX» Twenty-five pieces of New Fancy
wO Striped Crinkled Seersuckers and
Double-fold Bicycle Cloths, worth 10c a
yard.
MOI9aA new lot of real Corded Dimities,
O l"dt white grounds with fancy colored
stripes and figures, value at 12}£c a yard.
MIAa A splendid collection of White and
ill IVO Tinted Ground Herringbone Dimities
and Corded Irish Dimities in Persian, Dres-
den and fancy patterns, regular value 15c
a yard.
Ml 9 1 Oa Fine Open-work Organdies in
I - I'mii white and colored grounds, Satin
Striped Dimities in Dresden and other Nov-
elty patterns, and Swiss Organdies in white
and tinted, a variety of handsome and new
effects, all late arrivals, worth 20c a yard.
WHITE GOODS ATTRACTION.
10c English Checked Jaconets.... 6%c
20c Fine Victoria Lawns 12Uc
20c Fancy Open-work Lawns 12>|c
12J<c Colored Crepes and Bedford Cords.. - 3c
20c"VVhite Dotted Swisses llj^c
10c Bleached Canton Flannels ..." 6'^e
LIMG. ATTRACTION.
10c Cotton Canvas, yard wide 71. < c
16% c Linen Facings "ll»'c
20c Rustle Percalines 13\40
20c Best Cotton Moreens '..'..'.'.'.'.'. 16% c
FL.4MEL ATTRACTION. ", "■■
10c Fancy Wrapper Flanneiettes 7'Xc
B^c Red Ground Flannelettes (j£,c
75c Fancy French Flannels ' •>,<;
Ail- Wool White Flannels " 42c
$I.2s.Embroidered Flannels, yard wide. . 90c
mm attraction.
40c Cream Table Damask oo c
60c Bleached Table Damask J" C
$1.25 Bleached Napkins, % size, per doz.'. 95c
$1.50 Belfast Cotton Towels, per d0z.....51.00
12^c*ancy Striped Turkish Towels B>sc
CURTAH ATTRACTION.
90c Nottingham Lace Curtains per pair., 69s !
$1.25 Nottingham Lace Curtains per pair. 95c
$1.75 Nottingham Lack Curtains, per
pair „ si 15
f2. /5 Irish Point Lace Curtains per pair!^2 40
Oc Colored and Cream Madras 39c yd
12% c Fancy Curtain Scrims .........B>^cyd j
BENIN ATTRACTION.
75c Ticking Covered Feather Pillows 55c
$1.25 Ticking Covered Feather Pillows... 75c
$1,50 Marseille Pattern White Quilts SI. IO
$2.50 While Blankets, large size $1.85
Specials in Ready-made Sheets and Pillowcases.
zzzzzmzzzuzzi
ILL HEALTH AND DEATH.
Orrick W. Marye Ends Life
With a Bullet at the
Baldwin.
His Family in Mississippi Notified of
His Shocking Death Last
Evening;.
Orrick W. Marye, a member of the firm
of Marye, Wnite & Stuart, stock brokers,
and a cousin of George T. Marye, the
prominent politician, banker and stock
broker, committed suicide in his rooms in
the Baldwin Hotel by shooting himself in
the head, either early yesterday morning
or sometime during the afternoon. The
body was discovered by H. Rickee, the
hotel porter.
A friend of Mr. Marye called at the
hotel and his card was taken by the por
ter up to the room occupied by the de
ceased. A knock on the door failed to
elicit an answer, and Rickee, concluding
that some accident had befallen the guest,
reported the matter to Watchman Ed
ward Quinn and they returned to the
room together.
The door being locked and the key on
inside rendered it necessary, in order to
gain an entrance, to force the transom.
This was done and Rickee climbed through
into the room.
The sight that met his eyes greatly
startled him, a<j on the bed, his stiffened
fingers clutchingnhe handle of a revolver,
lay the body of the suicide.
A ragged wound in his forehead, from
which the blood gushed over the pillows
and bedclothing, told the tale of the rash
deed of a disappointed life. The Coroner
was notified, and Deputy Coroners Tyrrell
a*m Mclnnia conveyed the remains to the
Mor ue.
Prolonged illness evidently caused
Marye to take his life. He had been for
several years a victim of an incurable
stomach trouble, which at times appeared
to nfftct his mina. For the past three
weeks he had been visitin,' at Monterey in,
hopes that the change of climate would
benefit his health, but as his condition
faiied to improve he returned to this City.
He frequently signified his intentions of
spending a few weeks in a sanitarium at
St. Helena, and had made preparations to
leave San Francbco for that health resort
yesterday at 4 o'clock. When" Marye's
I body was found it was partly dressed,
| making it evident that he had made an
I effort to carry out his intentions.
In all probability he was ' suddenly
strick n with a sinking spell and, being
wearied from his useless search for health,
concluded to end his existence.
A letter found among his effects, ad
dressed to his cousin, G. T. Marye, in a
measure corroborates the theory that ill
health was the cause of the suicide. It
reads as follows:
Lear George: Growing weaker daily, being
in a precirious condition, weary and almost
hopeless. Nothing I do or tßke seems to give
me strength. If the worst comes to the worst,
I wish you to take charge of and make such
disposition of my effects as you may deem just
and best in compliance with the law. I started
in life with bright prospects, but time has
dealt adversely with me in many respects.
Little do we know when the end wi.l come.
Orrick.
W. T. White, partner of the deceased,
in speaking about Mr. Marye's death, said:
"There can be only one conclusion reached
as to the cause of my partner committing
suicide, and that is* ill health. A report
circulated a few weeks ago that our firm
was caught 'short' is not a fact, and our
Suit Dep't Attractions. <j>
If AQa A collection of Children's Wash /S
ill vO\j Dresses, made of pretty Checked, TT
Striped and Plaid Ginghams, trimmed /S
•with lace and embroidery, sizes 6to T*
10 years, were $1 75, $1 50 and *1 25 O
each. V
MOM r^A Ladies' Duck Suits, in neat T
•JJH.UV striped and checked designs, O
blazer jackets with large sleeves, full X
skirt. Q
Ms 9 Rf) Ladies' Duck Suits in light. 0
•p-.u J medium and dark colors, in- A
eluding black and navy blue with V
small white figures, box coats and • A
Eton jackets with, large sleeves, full V
skin. . JC
MtlA AA A ppecial line of Ladles' (S
•JIV.W All-Wool Tailor-made Suits. T
The material is the- new summer' Q
. . boucle plaid edicts in desirable shades .jT
of gray and mode.double-breasted box O
coats, square front, open bUzer jack- jr
ets with the new full droopiup man- Q
dolin sleeves and extra-full flaring 'jT
skirts, lined with rustle percaline. Q
M^j: AA New High-class Tailor-made | 1
•pl'J.Vv Costumes, all-wool import- O
ed Scotch Cheviots ' and mixture*, X
made in the new combination stye O
that can be worn open as a blazer, X
closed as a double-breasted box-coat, O
or buttoned all the way up as a shield- T
front jacket. They are trimmed with Q
pearl buttons and lined with fancy X
Dresden silk. The skirts are full live Q
yards wide around bottom and lined X
• Witt) rustle percaline. Q
WIIIRT WIKTV Everyone in the de- Q
tMlllll II .1191 ft partment has been re- A
duced. " v/
All 75c qualities now at .....35c each A
All $1 00 Stanleys now at... 50c each V
All SI 25 novelties now at.. 75c each i
All sl so fine grades now at. $1 each \J
> MOTION ATTRACTION X
Safety Pins, per'paper ...lc A
Sewing Cotton, per spool ...2c V
Hair Pins, per package ■.:.... .....lc Jk
Velveteen Binding, per piece. ...5o v/
American Pins,-per paper lo A
WhaieDone Casing, per piece 5c >r
Silver»d Thimbles, each lc A
Cube Pins, each 5c v/
Needles, all sizes, per paper lc A
Linen Thread, per spool 9c V*
All-silk Ribbons, 2, 3, 4,5, in colors to S A
match dress goods, per yard :3o \f
Wnite Kid Belts 25c A
Colored Leather Belts 250 \f
Miniature Buckle, gilt belt .....350 A
Silk Ribbon Belts 525 c VJ
Wide Elastic Belts 75c A
Sheet Music, 3000 titles 2U'c \>
All popular Songs, half off price. A
VJ
financial condition had nothing whatever
to do with Marye's rash act of to-day."
G. T. Marye was also of the opinion that
ill health was the cause, and the only
cause, which prompted the despondent
stocKbroker to take his own life.
0. W. Marye was 39 years of age. He
was the eldest son of a large family, which
resides in Mississippi.
His family was notified of his death by
telegraph last evening, and G. T. Marye
will take charge of the body until he re
ceives word from the East aa to what dis
position shall bft made of the remains.
GEORGE WASTON
Another Aeronaut Will Slake a Night
Ascension From the Chutes.
Another adventurous individual has
turned up in the person of George Weston,
who, this evening, will make a balloon
ascension and parachute drop at 9:30
o'clock. He is a California aeronaut, and
not afraid to take' the same trip that Emil
Maikeberg did two weeks ago. Markeberg
is now in the hospital, but Weston says
that he will be back at the Chutes safe and
sound at 9:45 o'clock to-night.
At 4:30 o'clot k this afternoon he will
make a preliminary air skirmish, and
hopes to limber up so that the search light
exhibition will be a positive success.
The Haight-street grounds will be open
to-day from 10 o'clock in the morning until
11 at night. The improvements now going
on will be completed by the lbt of July.
■  > >.. .
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
THE LEADINrt rOMMRRCIAL SCHOOL
1 west of Chicago. Bookkeeping. penitiansMp,
.business practice, shorthand (Pitman. Graham,
Ecl.-ctic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, E.mclish branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taug-ht.
Department of Electrical Engineering In success-
ful operation. ■
Individual Instruction. 20 teachers. N!gh: ses-
sions in air departments, students can com-
mence at any Urn . Thousauus of graduates in
positions. Write for catalogne. '
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 628 ELEVENTH ST ,
cor. Ciay. Mrs. M. K. Blake, Principal; T. D.
Adams, A.M.. master; Mary K. Allen. A.?., pre-
cep ress. - Best of a commodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. Noue but . teachers of large culture
and experience. . Sp'dal attention to Art. Music,
Or* orical Worie, Physical Cv tnre »nd Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant ho re school.
THE LYCEUrt.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE C.VI-
X versity. Law end Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many- students have been
successfully prepared at this 0 hool. . Day and
evening sessions. . .References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Pbelan building, Xos.
333-335. PROF. L. H. GRAC, Principal, late of
Stanford University.
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOB BOYS
and young men. Prepares for university and
colle c. Boarders limited <to 35. • Accredited
school with the universities. • Easier term opens
Monday. August 3.
REV. DR. E.B. SPALDINO. Rector.—
SUNDAY JUNE 14, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwix Thwiie.-"A Gilded Pool," to-
norrow night.
< Ai.iFOKNiA THBATKB.-"The'Home Secretary,"
o- morrow night.
Columbia '1 hkatxr— "Brother John."
Mobosco'b Omcra-Housk— -Brother Against
Brother. '
Tivout OpiRA-HoTTSie.— "lAjrralne,' 1
ORraicu- High-Class Vaudeville.
(J hover's ArcA7^n.--The Little Detective."
Park Thkatkk— Grove street, between i'ollc
md Van Ness avenue— " Cruislceen Lawn," Bat-
jrday evening, June 20.
Sitbo to.NKT Island— Bathing and Perform-
raoes.
shoot thk Chutes— Dally at Halght itreet, one
fclock east of the Purk.
Golden Oats Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
Blair Park (Oakland).— Balloon Ascension
and Parachute Leap.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion and Picnic— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
nesday. June 17.
» AUCTION SALES.
By L. H. Bttrd— Mondav, June 15, Furniture, at
425 O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A unique Chinese marriage was celebrated
last night at the M. E. Mission.
Pugilists Corbett and Sharkey will train t
little and sDend a quiet Sunday.
Charles J. Wingerter, a pioneer of 1850, died
FnOay nij:lit at his residence, '27l4 Sacramento
street.
A fair and warm Sunday, with fresh north
westerly winds, is promised by the Weather
Bureau.
A convention of single texers will be held in
this city soon after the return of Congressman
Maguire.
Dr. Candis will hold a Chinese children 1 !
FestiTft] service at the Presbyterian Chinese
Church to-day.
The Polytechnic High School was the winner
yesterday in the inter-scholastic field day with
the Lowel! High School.
• Mysterious" Billy Smith arrived from Port
land yesterday, ana" declared that Peter Jack
yon wa? a physical wrefk.
coroner Hawkins' demurrer to the writ of
prunibiuon in the Soiidemp case was yester
il&y sustained by Judge Murphy.
Tiie Merchants' Association is making an !
fff'-rt to have the proposed new charter printed
at the head oi the election ballots.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced Charles
■*i to fourteen years in Folsom for as
sault with intent to murder his wife.
1.. H. Johnson, 605 Davis street, who was
stricken with apoplexy Friday afternoon, died
at the Receiving Hospital last evening.
Peter Brooks, a laborer, was fined $20 yester
day by Judge Campbell for refusing to pay his
carfare Friday ami for disturbing the peace.
Burglar*- broke into the residence of Mrs. P.
Marks. 717 Golden Gati' avenue, Friday night,
and stole a silver watch and several gold rin^s.
Tne hoard of the San Francisco Presbyterian !
:iage and Farm resolved yesterday to
purchase thiity seres of land at Sa:i Anselmo. J
Many new designs for a fitting celebration of !
tbe Nation's birthday have been formulated
mid great interest is being exhibited in the
work.
Lawrence Crounse, 5 years of age, was killed
at Fulton and Gough streets yesterday after- ,
noon by the wheel of a truck passing over his
ohest.
The State Prison Directors met yesterday at
San Quentin and acted upon bids ior supplies ;
for the coming fiscal year. They also paroled
three prisoners.
Ttie Philadelphia's crew and the Naval Re- j
serves pave an interesting military drill before i
a large crowd of people at Golden Gate Park I
yesterday afternoon.
The case of Frank McNeil, painter, charged j
with atsrtult to murder npon Frank Rankin in '
Mrs. O'Grady's saloon, will not be decided by i
Judge Campbell till to-morrow.
Ye Lo Di, an aged Chinese merchant, who
died in Lockeford recently, expressed the wish
that he be buried in California and that his
bones be not sent back to China.
An amendment to the State constitution fav
oring local option in taxation, now being ,
urgQfl by local single taxer>. will doubtless be i
advecated in the I>e:pocratic State platform.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced six of the
striking lathers "who killed C.O.Mais to one
year each in Folsoin. J. D. Mcßae was ac- i
quitted and Neal Collins accorded a new trial. ,
E. Roberts, second mate of the British ship
Sharpshooter, was showing k lady friend over i
the vessel last evening when ne slipped and j
fell on the deck, breaking his right arm, ,
which was dressed at the Receiving Hospital. |
Three children of Abe Kirshner, a peddler j
living at 431^ Tehamn. street, were taken to |
the Receiving Hospital yesterday alternoon, |
suffering from the effects of eating rancid
cheese.
The shareholders of the American Naviga
tion Company have agreed to liquidate their
indebtedness of $35,350 to the Panama Rail
road Company by paying 70 per cent of the I
original amount.
Addle Liesen, 16 years of age, who lived with !
her sifter at 116 Turk street, has been miysine
for about two weeks, and the Society lor the [
Prevention of Cruelty to Children hat. been j
trying to find her.
John E. Shoemnker has begun a suit for |
damages against the Geary-street, Park and !
Ocean Railroad, alleging that the unlawiul
width of the company's cable-slot was respon
lible for his injuries.
Right Rev. Thomas Grace, formerly Vicar- j
General of Sacramento diocese, will be sol- '
emnly consecrated next Tuesday, by Archbi
shop Riordan, bishop of the see left vacant by
the death of Right R?v. Bishop Manogue.
At a meeting last night the Mission Defense '
Union resolved to petition the Board of Super- j
visors lor a branch high school. The question !
oi asking that the old Jewish Cemetery be pur- ;
' chased and set apart for a public park was dig- ■
cussed.
Arrangements are likely to be effected be- j
tween the Sutro electric line and the Califor- '
nia-street cable railway whereby one will
transfer passengers to the other, thus creating I
another rapid through line from the ocean to j
the ferry.
The one hundred and nineteenth anniver- !
saryof the adoption of the American flag by |
OongreßS was celebrated yesterday ny a display ]
■• National colors in public parks and
upon school houses. In consequence of a con
fusion of dates the display was not so general
as it would have been otherwise.
BURGLARS ARE BUSY.
The Residence of Mr» P. Marks, Golden
Gate Avenue, Visited.
The residence of Mrs. P. Marks, 717
Golden Gate avenue, was entered by burg
lars on Friday night between 8 and 9
o'clock during the temporary absence of
the family.
Entrance was effected by forcine open a
window in the rear. A hurried search had
been made of the bedrooms for plunder,
and a silver watch and several gold rings
were carried away.
The burglary was reported to Policeman
Dugan as soon as it was discovered on the
return of the family, but no trace of the
burglars has been secured. It is believed
they are the same two men who robbeti
the house of Martin Schneider, 330 Hayes
street, a week ago last night.
— ■ •—• — « — *
Connoisseurs In California.
The Paris Figaro a short time ago com
] hnierited Californians on their discrimi
nation of taste and their preference for
tine wines, and referred to the large impor
tations of Pomraery Sec into California.
According to recent importations Messrs.
William Wolff <fc Co., the agents for
Pommery Sec. are again heading the list,
as in previous years, by a large majority.
This is so much more surprising as it is an
accepted fact that Pommery Sec, owing to
Us hi her price, has its largest custom
principally among the select and aristo
cratic classes of Europe, and that the
management by no means seeks to make a
record for quantity of output regardless of
quality— a system so frequently applied by
champagne shippers. After many years
of conscientious labor the tirm 01 Pom
mery therefore enjoys to-day the reward
of recognition on the part of the refined
and real fastidious classes all over the
ff lnbe.— Pacific Wine and Spirit Review.
- •—• — ♦ — •
The Suit Was Dismissed.
The suit brought by the rMbernia Savings
and Loan Society against D. M. Delmas and
others was dismissed yesterday in the Superior
Court.
LOFTIEST OF ALL
VESSELS IN PORT
She Is Loaded With Red
wood Lumber for Lon
don, England.
IS A VERY FAST SAILER.
Very Clever Feat in Towboating
Done by Captain Thompson
of the Monarch
IN DOCKING THE "OLD GLORY."
News From the Sealing Fleet Shows a
Poor Catch on the Japanese
Coast
The loftiest and fastest vessel in port to
day is the British ship Cromdale. She is
as pretty as a yacht and Captain E. H.
Andrew keeps her looking like one. She
is loaded with redwood lumber for Eng
land and will sail in a few days.
Captain Andrew has been on the Crom
dale for five years and during that time
she has made some splendid runs. Last
year during the wool season she was the
first out of sixty vessels to reach England
from Australia. The ship Brilliant made
the trip in the same number of days, but
the Cromdale had an hour the best of the
race. The Cromdale's record is 323 knoia
in twenty- four hours, steamboat time.
This time was made when the ship was
running down tne eastings from Sydney,
N. S. W., to the Horn.
The Cromdale came here from Australia..
While in Sydney the captain's wife was
taken sick and remained behind. She
came over on the last trip of the Monowai
and will make the trip to England with
her husband. Captain Andrew was almost
a stranger when he came to San Francisco,
but during his stay here he lias made hosts
of friends. One of his boats was the first
to reach the scene of the disaster when the
Blairmore capsized. Two of the crew of
the ill-fated ship were rescued by his men
and were cared for on the Cromdale until
other arrangements were made.
The first news from the sealing fleet in
Japanese waters arrived in a private letter
from Captain Fred Nelson of the schooner I
Rattler yesterday. He says that the j
weather is very calm, seals scarce and that
the season on the Japanese coast will be a '
very poor one. The Rattler had taken 690
skin*- up to May 15 iast and the skipper
considers himself very lucky. Last season
the Rattler lost a bout and three men from
the attack of a k'ller. The fish rammed a I
hole through the boat and the captain's i
brother, a hunter and a boatsteerer were '
drowned. When Captain Nelson was fit
ting out this season he refused to take any
thing but lifeboats, and owing to that fact
three lives w re saved. Last April a killer
attacked one of the boats and knocked a
bi>r hole in her, breaking three of the ribs.
The lifeboat floated and the men clung \
to it for five hours. Luckily a returning I
boat sighted them and they were rescued j
more dead than alive. The boat was after- ;
ward recovered and repaired, and Captain !
Nelson is now determined to always carry ]
lifeboats when sealing.
The Philadelphia and Monadnock will
sail for Santa Cruz to-morrow. This will
be the Utst occasion for some time to come
to inspect the warships, and to-day the
launch Amy will carry excursionists,
leaving from the Folsom-street steps.
Half-hour trips will be made between the
hours of 2 and 5 p. M.
One of the prettiest feats of towboating
ever seen on the bay was performed by
Captain Dan Thompson in the tug Mon
arch of the red-stack lii>e yesterday.
Single-handed he brought the big Amer
ican ship Glory of the Seas out of Oakland
Creek, towed her stern first across the bay,
and with an ebb tide and a strong breeze
against him put her into the narrowest
slip on the water lront, without a hitch.
Captains Silovich, Gilbert and Marshall of
tiie black-stack line watched the operation
with keen interest, and when the ship was
safely moored they all concurred when
Henry Peterson saill : "The prettiest iob
ever done on the front." When con
gratulated Captain Thompson blushed
like a schoolgirl and said: "Oh, go and
josh some one else." He is a most unas
suming man, but easily ranks among the
very best towboatmen on the Pacific Coast.
On the run down from Valiejo yesterday
the steamer Sunol broke a small crank
pin. As soon as Piper, Aden, Goodall &
Co. heard of the mishap, with their usual
promptitude, they at once sent the tug
Sea Queen to bring her to this City. Re
pairs were rushed and the steamer was
only three hours late in getting away on
the return trip. The passengers did not
suffer by the delay, as the owners, with
their well-known liberality, saw tliat they
were well taken care of.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Orizaba left Guaymas on the 12th
inst. and may be expected here on the
21st. The Al-Ki left Victoria for Alaska,
and the Arcata sailed for Empire City yes
terday. The latter will be due here to
morrow.
The Columbia left Astoria on the 12th
inst. at 4 p. m. and arrived here yester
day, thus beating her own record of
thirty-seven hours, which she made be
fore her machinery was overhauled.
George Bcarbrook, coxswain of the
Philadelphia's launch, performed a very
daring and clever feat yesterday. Tne
boat's propeller got foul of a rope while
lying at the Folsom-street slip. It could
riot be removed, and the launch was use
less. In the quandary Scarbrook threw
off his outer clothes, put a knife between
liis teeth and dived overboard. He was
down two minutes, and when he came up
the propeller was free. He had cut the
rope away with his knife. George seems
to be able to compete witn the South Sea
Island divers.
ST. GEORGE`S CLUB.
ihe Officers for the Following Teat-
Are Elrcted.
Tho St. George's Club has elected the
following officers for the ensuing year:
President, William Greer Harrison; first
vice-president, Percy Beamish; second
vice-president. William Doxey ; third vice
president, F. D. Brandon ; fourth vice
president, W. J. Field ; secretary, Edward
Oliver; treasurer, Frank Winterburn; hon
orary chaplain. Rev. A. W. Bnlton; ex
ecutive committee— A. H. Kae-Brown, F.
Kemp and Archibald Turn bull.
Jimmy Carroll, ex-ihampion light
weight pueilist of the world, was elected
as boxing instructor, and Joe Acton, ex
cbampion wrestler, was chosen to teach
the art at which he is an adept. This
pives the gymnasium two of the most
clever instructors in the world.
Jimmy Carroll, the boxing teacher, em
ployed by the club, announced that he is
negotiating for a match with Jack Me-
Auliffe. This will be held under the
auspices of th« club.
Harmony Club Outing
The memDers of Harmony Republican Club
of the Thirty-seventh Assembly District, with
their Iriends, will take a run on the bay as far
as Martinez to-day. The steamer Trilby will
leave Clay-street wharf at 10 o'clock tbisfore
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
The British Ship Cromdale, Now at Anchor in Mission Bay and Loaded With Redwood Lumber for
England, Is the Loftiest and Fastest Vessel in Port. She Is a Very Handsome Craft.
[Sketched by a "Call" artisL]
noon. A band of music will accompany the
excursion, and a jovial time may be expected
by those who will participate. "*•
POISONED BY CHEESE.
Three Children of Abe Kirshner, a
Peddler, Suffer From the Effects
of Eating It-
Three children of Abe Kirshner, a ped
dler living at 431^ Tehama street, were
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the
ambulance yesterday afternoon suffering
from the effects of eating too much
"schmierkase," a curd cheese.
Mrs. Kirshner went to a store on Sixth
street, between Clementina and Tehama,
yesterday morning and bought 5 cents'
worth of the cheese. She and her husband
and their three children — Abe, 5 years of
age, Samuel, 3 and Isadore, I—partook1 — partook
heartily of it. In a few .hours the children
became deathly sick and retched and
vomited. Her busband was away peddling
and she became alarmed. She ran to a
drug.ist and he advised her to send the
children to the hospital, so the ambulance
was summoned.
Drs. Fitzpibbon and Helms used the
necessary antidotes and the children were
soon able to be sent home. The youngest
suffered more than the other two. Dr.
Fitzgibbon examined theschmieikaseand
found that it was rancid, but not poisoned,
as was at first suspected. Neither of the
parents suffered from eating the cheese.
"MAD-DOG TYPE " OF MAN.
Judge Belcher Sent Charles Scopes! to
Folsom for Fourteen Tears.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced
Charles Scopesi to fourteen years in Fol
som. In doing so he took occasion to
state that Scopesi is of the "mad-dog type"
of man, and one who should be put where
he could do no harm. In consequence he
gave him the/limit.
Scopesi tried to murder his wife in Feb
rnary last, and has since declared that as
soon as he is out of jail he will finish the
job. On hi* firstatt^mpt theaccused went
home with a determination to kill his
spouse. He shot at her several times, but
failed in his purpose, and then beat her
over the head with the pistol until he
broke it. He pleaded insanity, but his
subsequent threats convinced Judge
Belcher that he should be severely dealt
with.
HAS AGREED TO SETTLE.
Action Taken by the North
American Navigation
Company.
Its Debt to the Panama Railroad to
Be Liquidated on a 70 Per
Cent Besis.
At the meeting of the shareholders of
the North American Navigation Com
pany, held yesterday at the rooms of the
Board of Trade, it was decided to settle
the claim of the Panama Railroad Com
pany against that corporation.
When the debtor company went out of
business two years a>:o it owed the Pan
ama company $35,350. The latter did not
I press its claim, and nothing was done
I toward liquidating it. As the debt would
; become outlawed after iunning two years,
: a special agent, in the absence of E. H.
j Hiuton at Panama, was sent here from
i New York to close up the account.
A proposition was made to the Naviga
-1 tion Company to accept 75 per cent of the
I amount in full settlement if paid by June
il. A committee was appointed by the
'debtors, and pending its report the time
; of payment was extended to June 15, and
I again to June 20.
This committee reported at yesterday's
j meeting to the effect that the debt was a
; just one and ought to be paid and practi
'caiiy recommended that it be paid, but
I suggested 70 per cent of the original
i amount as a basis of settlement instead 0/
j 75. The report was adopted.
It is likely that this will prove accept
' able to Mr. Drake, tiie special representa
-1 tive of the Panama Railroad Company.
There are 2030 shares of the Navigation
! out, and as 70 per cent of the $35,350
amounts. to $24,745, it will mean an assess
ment of $12 14 per share.
Few if any of the shareholders, it is
believed, will decline to recognize and
meet their liabilities in the matter, but
I should they do so, suit is certain to follow,
I as much as a measure of justice to those
j who do pay up as for any other reason.
AMERICAN EAGLE'S
DAY TO SHRIEK.
Active Measures Taken Fit
tingly to Celebrate the
Fourth.
FLOATS FOR SCHOOLS,
Two Cash Prizes to Be Awarded
for the Most Original
Designs.
MEETING TO RAISE FUNDS
Monadnock and Philade phia Will Be
Absent at the Monterey
Celebration.
The anniversary of the Declaration of
Independence is going to be celebrated on
a grand scale. There is not the least
doubt of that. Committees are making
resolutions, school children are petting
their floats in order, and everybody gener
ally is waiting to lake a hand.
There was a meeting of ti e principals or
representatives of the different public
schools in the office of Grand Marshal
Henry P. Umbsen in the Mills building
yesterday afternoon. Mrs, N.J.Vidaver
is at the head of the school movement and
has suggested many new and original
Ideas. For instance, they have decided to
have a series of floats representing the
progress of the country since colonial
days. The school showing the most
original float will receive an elegant
banner.
The grammar schools are much inter
ested in the contest, as in addition the
committee have set apart $50 for a first
prize flag and $25 lor a aecond. The most
original floats will receive the prizes.
At yesterday's meeting there were
present representatives from the Lowell
High School, the Lincoln Grammar
School, the Rincon Grammar School, the
South Cosmopolitan School, the Broad
way Grammar School and the Lick School.
The South Cosmopolitan School had seven
delegates.
In one thing the prime movers are dis
appointed. Th parade will have to get
along without the sailors and marines of
the Monadnock and the Philadelphia. A
communication from Admiral Beardslee to
Secretary Smith yesterday morning, stated
that he had accepted an invitation to be
! present at Monterey o.i the Fourth, and
I necessarily could not participate in the
I celebration in San Francisco.
Still, the committee has no intention of
being without a naval display. The com
! mander of the Mexican man-of-war Zara
! goza has been invited to take part in the
I parade, and an effort will also be made to
i get marines from Mare Island.
The parade committee has also decided
to invite bids for floats from costuraers.
Grand Marshal Umbsen has been author
ized to select a Goddess of Liberty.
i Ladies desiring that position are requested
to make application at the headquarters
in the Mills building, fifth floor, room 2,
any evening after 7:30.
A decision will be reached Monday as to
i whether the committee shall fit out ti e
; Continental Array. The probability is
| tha* such will be done.
A committee of five boys from the Ever
i ett Grammar School called on Secretary
\ Eustice of the parade committeeyesterday
'■ to get information in regard to the contest
! for prizes for the most original float. They
were ir.formed that the expenses of the
particular floats would devolve npon the
schools, and that they would have to fur
nish their own designs. The loys went
away satisfied that it would not be a hard
matter to comply with the requirements.
Captain George Fiimer of Conpany B,
First Regiment N. G. C, has said that the
notion that his company and Ccmpany L
will participate exclusively in tie Fruit
vale celebration exercises is a mistake.
The invitation from Fruitvale is for the
afternoon ana evening only.
The amount of the celebratioi fund is
now $5000, of which $2000 is fro:n collec
tions. Secretary Smith is authority for the
statement that the banks, hotels and cor
porations have not yet been canvassed,
and that substantial returns are expected
from them.
Next Monday evening the executive com -
miltee will meet and generally review the
work done thus far. Reports from the !
various sub-committees are then expected.
At this meeting some new plans for the
raising of funds will doubtless be sug
gested. One proposition is that subscrip
tion lists be opened at th • local newspaper
offices or other suitable places for the
benefit of persons who are willing to make i
contributions, but prefer doing so volun
tarily, instead of subscribing at the request
of agents, who ar<) paid a commission for
making collections.
Tiie following circular, issued by the |
decoration committee, speaks for itself:
San Francisco, Cal., June 13, 1896.
To I hi- merchnnts and bimintss men of San Fran
etaco—Gentlemen: The committee on decor
ations of tue Fourth of July enlubration. 1886, |
have unaer consideration several plans in con- \
nection with the patriotic displays to be made
on that occasion, and it is thojr desire to ad
vance the interests of the City generally, with
which your individual interests are sp inti- .
mntely blended.
At the last meeting of the committee the i
chairman was instructed to issue a circular ad
dress inviting you to attend a meeting to be
held in the assembly rooms. Mills bulldiLg, on
Tuesday evening, June 16, at 7:30 o'clock, to i
discuss the plans referred to.
One plan proposes an artistic patriotic illu- r
ruination of the central part of the City, to be
ready and in operation on the evening of July I
2 and to continue through the night of July |
4. This being extensively advertised immedi- j
ately will, it is believed, not only enhance the
patriotic zeal of our own citizens but will at
tract from all parts of the State to this City
daring the three days of the illumination ;
large crowds of visitors anxious to witness this
patriotic display. It is hftrdly necessary to j
(suggest that this large influx of visitors will
result in pecuniary advantages toour business !
men very laigely "in excess of the outlay in- j
curred.
It has alfo been decided that in lieu of the old
plan of having set pieces of fireworks in re
mote and comparatively inaccessible parts of
the City the executive committee be requested
Id provide for setting off bombs, rockets and
illuminating fires on the public squares and
suitable places contiguous to the central, busy
part of the City during the Illumination.
On these and kindred topics free discussion
will be had in which you are cordially invited
to participate. As this is of great interest to
you individually do not fail to attend. Re
spectfully yours, W. H. Davis,
< hairman Committee on Decorations.
A. R. Smith, Secretary Fourth of July Com.
Death of Notary Public Kd wards.
The death is recorded of R. If. Edwards, the
notary public, who passed away suddenly yes
lerday morning ai 11 :30 o'clock of heart dis
ease. " He was an old Califoruian and was for
merly in the stationery business.
Sued the Railroad.
L. J. Tschurr yesterday sued the Mnrket
street Railway Company for $10,000 damages
for injuries sustuined while attempting to
board a Geary-street cai at the corner of Grant
avenue in March, 1895.
NEW TO-DAY- DRY GOODS.
1 Dress Goods
Half Price
If you'll come this week — and come early, to
get your pick — you can buy elegant Dress
Goods at half and less than half what they
were. Quantities are limited — expect to sell
them all this week. Really less than remnant
prices.
THIS WEEK ONLY—MARKET-ST. STORE.
I 14c a Yd. 25c a Yd.
■ To close thpm out. Assorted line Shepherd -0 pieces Fancy French Armnre Suitings,
I Checks, Broken Plaids, Mixed Cheviots; In navys and hlack only. Five different de-
I neat small rnixiures: summer shades, 36 signs. 45-in. wide, warranted all wool and
U inches wide. Have been 25c and 35c a yard mohair. Good value at 50c a yard.
m all the seasou.
24c a Yd. =.
Assorted line of Tycoon Crepe and French 2Of* S\ V ' t\
I Albatross Cloth— tans, pinlcs, nilcs, sky blues, **y+> <* I *•*•
I navys cardinals, mandarins, etc. Strictly To close out an odd lot of Fine English
I all wool. 40- in. wide. Especially pretty for Beige i^nitingi, tan and gray mixtures.
I tea gowns and seaside dresses. Were 50c Splendid to shed dust. Strictly all wool. 38
I and 75c a yard, Inches wide. Regularly 50c a'yarrt.
I KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
i & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET— and— l22O-1224 MARKET STREET.
NEARLY BLEW UP
THE BLAIRMORE
Captain Whitelaw of the
Wrecker Had a Narrow
Escape.
HE FELL INTO THE BAY.
Too Much Suction Almost Com
pleted the Wreck of the
Sunken Ship.
BIG VACUUM WAS CREATED.
The Air-Pumps Only Worked at Half
Speed and Were the Cause of
All the Trouble.
The raising of the Blairmore nearly
ended in a disaster yesterday. In the first
place the decks nearly gave way under the
pressure of the suction pumps and Cap
tain Whitelaw nearly lost his life. Cap
tain Burns considered both accidents as
birds of ill-omen and at once stopped all
work on the sunken ship. At 10 a. m. the
the only sign of activity about the wreck
the exhaust steum from the air-pump
on t:.e Whitelaw. "If there is no more
hitches," says Captain Burns, "the Blair
more will be up to-morrow (this) morn
ing."
When work ceased on the Blairmore last
Friday morning the stern of the sunken
ship had been raised at least a foot and
everything pointed to a success. Captain
Burns does not want the stern up first,
however, as the bow points inshore and as
the Whitelaw is moored to the ship's bow
it would be impossible to move her. All
efforts are therefore being made in the
direction of getting the vessel up bow first.
In order to do this one hundred tons of
sand, in sacks, was piled on the stern of
the snip and when the final attempt is
made this morning it is expected that the
anchored stern will remain under water
and that the bow will come ud. In tuat
event the tug Monarch will be on hand
and the race for shallow water will begin.
All ot Friday afternoon the crew of the
wrecker was engaged in getting the anchor
of the Blairmore aboard. They coiled the
chain on the iorecastie of the Whitelaw
and the auchor is now in position to drop
at any moment should the vessel break
adrift from her moorings.
When work began yesterday morning
Captain Whiteiaw went out to the wreck
to see that the centrifugal ami suction
pumps were in eood working order. He
ciimbed the superstructure raised on the
hull and, missing liis footing, feli heavily.
He was partly stunned apd, being unable
to assist himself, rolled iuto the bay. One
of the divers was near at hand and he at
once went to the assistance of his chief
and pulled him back onto the side of the
ship. After a rub-down and a change of
clothes Captain Whitelaw was as well as
ever and went to work again.
It was not long before everything was in
perfect working order, and when the tide
suited the pumps were all set a-going.
Tue big plunger poured out tons of water
and the 12-im v centrifugal did its share.
As thfe Water wns <Hotrinxyori a gicat vacuum
was created, which the air- Dump was sup
posed to fill.
The latter was only working at half
speed owing to some mistake, however,
and in consequence for every pound of
water taken out th-re was not an ounce of
air pumped in. A creaking of the wood
work gave the warning, and Captain Burns
at once ordered the water-pumps stopped.
Then he took a boat and made a beeline
for the Whitelaw. What he said to the
engineers remains to be told, but an hour
later the airpump was still going full
speed, and one thing is certain — it will be
in good working order this mornintr.
The removal of the water in the hold
created an enormous suction, and as there
was no air to till the vacuum the wonder
is that the vessel's uecks, or at least her
hatches, did not yield to the pressure.
Should that have happened the Blairmore
would have been a total loss, and all the
money so far expended on the raising of
her would have been wasted.
"Everything was in perfect working or
der," said Captain Burns, "but owing to
this unfortunate blunder our day's work
is wasted. We went to work at 4 o'cloctc
in the morning to weight down the ves
sel's stern, so as to bring up her stem, and
just when everything was working at its
best the hitch came. Never mind," said
he, recovering his good humor, "we'll just
try it again."
Placed in a Common House.
Louis Mayer, a cook, was booked at the Cali
fornia-street Station yesterday on a complaint
and warrant sworn out by his wife in Police
Court 1. The wife alleges that she had
been married but six months when her hus
band placed her in a house of ill-fame. She
finally made her escape from the place, return
ing to her home, 533 Broadway. Mayer
followed her, making threats against her life.
Then it was she determined to have him ar
rested. Mayer's bail was fixed at $3000.
HEW TO-DAY.
Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Buiids up invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent '
of the New York Postoffice, ;
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and .
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
93 William St., New York.
I
knitJtingco.
. 120 Sutler St.. rooms 21-34. S. F.,
Take Elevator.
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOR
0 Bathing
: w Suits
ill Sweaters
M BICYCLE
sfsytT*-** SUITS,
r *\ jpV^ — rcji F " T * Men, Women
*"" o^2~~~-~~' and Children.
Newest Styles. Most Reasonable Prices.
WE WILL REMOVE TO
105 POST STREET
OS OR ABOUT JULY 6, 1896.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— Write us for trade
prices. You can do best with us.
Don't Let Go "
Of your dollars until you have
seen what we are doing in
TRIMS, BAGS ASP VALISES.
trunks]
Zinc covered, Saratoga shApe, sheet iron bot-
tom. patent bolts and stays, inside tray.
28 ncn, $3.10 I 30-inch. $3.60 I 82-inch, $.10
34-iuclj, $4.60 | 36-lnch, 5.10 | 38-lncu, $5.60
VALISES.
Best grain leather, mauve colr.r.-'-'-. r . '
16-inch, $4.25 | 18-inch, $4.76 | 20-inch, $5.25
BAGS.
Best grain leather. leather lined.
12-lnch, $2.15 1 13-inch, $2.40 1 14-Inch, $2.65
CANVAS TELESCOPES ;
Leather corners.
14-inch, 35c T. 16-inch, 60c | 18-inch, 85c
«S" RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
j skilled mechanics, a specialty. ' '
888-8^ MARKET ST.
IRON BEDS.'
C.. ■ 1 » BRASS BEDS,
/* ' " "y^ FOLDING BEDS'
• Wire and Hair Mat-
. ■ tresses, Reclinln;
Chairs, . Wheel Cbmln,
| ft 1 *fft . Commodes, Back Beau,
i 1 1 V fflfffllf W- A - schroch;
"■•SSi ■*- lllLul Mew Montgomery
4 !»• I "™T^ A St., under Grand
w *^ Hotel, S. *'•
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR SAIiE.
THE BUILDINGS. (iROUNDS AND APPA-
x ratus of Napa College, i our acres of land,
three large buildings and two small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc., are offered at a bargain.
• Buildings are suitable for school, sanitarium,
orphanage or hotel. Apply to
«. E. H> I.DEN or 1.. I. NORTON, Napa.
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co..
San Francisco.
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES AID HARNESS.
 .1 _^ Fifty per "cent saved!
48§£ ■Übltit Factory prices— Send •
\ ' x\ /V '/I for catalogue.
\ 'l\f 3^Cl Can 5 ....... ..515 tos3s
\la^As - *'' Bugßios $7ij to $I'J3
T»«j* i&f^JrTTS. <-''ur>» 1 -es..sloo to S'.'OU
' XCWvTV'i?s^2ei / |Y/N Wagons.... $s') to $100
fY\?W§^yBß^^S^gl^r^ Harness .S.H to $25
Irvftw-T TT.} Ii - 1; . _ ! We ship everywhere.
V^^Fyr/VjWD^W California Wagon and f ■
■ VXf^K^ C__f^K Carriage St., S. to
_
i LffMvai Dr. Hall's i Rcinvigorator
' KaT" l fe3s "tops all losses In 24 hours. Kestorej
■ ESS mSu Manliood, Enlarges Small Organs,
SDr. Hall's Impo.ency, Varico-
<>tops all losses in 24 hours. Restores
Manhood. Enlarges Small Organs,
cures Emissions, Impo ency, Varico-
Bjrg ■a* t-ele, Uleet, Fits, Strictures and all
*¥**& frfi wasting effects of Splf- Abuse or Ex-
liilii iUJ cpsssb. ■ Sent s aled. $2 per bottle.
f£§| fit THREE BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed
EftimiUliliil 1 to cure any case.
UK. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, .
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. -Send for boo*.
NHW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS -RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKD & C(X
I European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 50 per day, $J
I to $8 pei week, $8 to *'M) per month: tree battu;
1 hot and cold water every room; tire grate* 14 '
•very room: elevator runs all night.
78
SENATOR PERKINS
HOME AGAIN
He Would Accept Another
Term in the United
States Senate.
THE WORK OF CONGRESS
What Was Accomplished for
California During the
Long Session.
THE MINERAL LAMD BILL.
Failure to Pass the Measure in the
Hause Due to Speaker .
Reed.
George C. Perkins, United States Sena
tor from California, arrived home yeiter
day morning. He came straight from
Washington without stopping on the road
to talk taiiff or silver and will now enjoy
a season of rest from public duty and give
some attention to his business affairs. His
health is not in the slightest impaired by
the active work and long hours of the
session. He seemed a trifle lighter in
avoirdupois than usual, bat his eye was
clear and his complexion good. Old time
cordiality was observed in the greeting
which he extended to a Call reporter at
steamship ottice on Market street ye9ter
t:ay afternoon.
When the plain, simple question was
put to him by the scribe, "Well, Governor,
are you a candidate for re-election to the
Senate?" he blushed a Washington blush
and smiled. Quickly recovering his pres
ence of mind he responded: "That de
ppnds whether I am acceptable to the
people of California. I have yet some
time to serve in tho Senate, but I do not
think it would be unbecoming to say that
it 1 could be sent to the Senate, as I was
before, perfectly untramrneled and free to
do the best in my power for the State, I
wouid be pleased to go again. But really
1 have come home to look after my busi
ness affairs and have not had time to give
the subject you speak of much attention.
"I appreciate the fact that the Southern
and New England Senators derive much
of their str'.-n th in Congress because they
are returned time and again, and become
familiar with the duties devolving upon
them. I am now chairman of the Fish
eries Committee and second on the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs. In two years I
should be chairman ot the Naval Commit
t(M.'. For the first time in twenty years the
I'acitic Coast has a member on the Appro
priations Committee. I was able by rea
son of belonging to that committee to ac
complish some good for California.
"But the people of California," contin
ued the Senator, "have honored me so
often that Ido not want to push myself
forward for future honors. Surely, I would
appreciate the honor of a re-election."
''What caused the failure to pass the
mineral land bill?" was the next question.
"That is a long story, but to state the
matter frankly I must say that the re
sponsibility for the failure rests with
Speaßei neea. ruu mv tLiuh. t/mt jieyje
sentative Loud is to blame. He did all
that he could to pass the bill in the House,
but he was disappointed. I fcnow how
hard a fight we had in the Senate. In the
first place the Secretary of the Interior
was opposed to the measure, and we had
to overcome that opposition. As a far
ther complication the Senators from the
Pacific Coast were not united on the prop
osition. I cannot go into details to ex
plain how we passed the bill in the Sen
ate, but we passed it, and we used every
effort to get Speaker Reed to help it
through the House.
"What did Congress in its six and one
half months of continuous session do for
the country in general and California in
particular?
"A great deal of work has been imposed
on members though the results may not
be so satisfactory to many people as they
would wish. I have not been absent from j
my seat even for a day, and department,
committee and other duties have served to
increase the daily hours of work to four
teen or fifteen. The entire delegation
from California has been constantly labor
ing for the interests of the State, and if
not so much as desirable has been accom
plished it certainly is not tbe fault of its
representatives. I do not think that any
delegation from any State has ever worked
more harmoniously or earnestly than haß
that of California, and it was because of
tnis that we secured as much as we did.
"A great deal was expected from this
Congress because it was, and still is,
claimed to be Republican. It is not, how
ever. The House of Representatives is in
control of that party, but the Senate is
not. There are ninety members of the
LJpper House, and only forty-four Repub
licans, less than a majority*. The Popu
list members have, upon all political and
financial questions, voted with the Demo
crats, giving to that party and its policy
the control of affairs. In consequence,
from a Republican point- of view, no legis
lation that will be of auy real benefit to
to the country was possible.
"This state of things in tne Senate made
it evident to the Republicans in the House
early in the session that there was no hope
of providing for the financial necessities
of the Government on Republican lines.
The reports of the heads of departments
of receipt and expenditure showed that
the expenses exceeded the revenues by
$50,000,900 or $60,000,000 a year and that
something should be done at once to se
cure a larger revenue. The House Com
mittee on Ways and Means applied itself
to the solution of the problem and worked
continuously until a bill was completed.
It held sessions through tne Christmas
holidays— a thing which had not been
done before since war times. The cer
tainty that the preponderance of Demo
cratic ideas in the Senate would prevent
the passage of a tariff bill based on Re
publican principles compelled the com
mittee to recommend the Wilson-Gorman
bill, with a horizontal increase of 10 per
cent in rates and containing a duty on
wool. But this bill was defeated in the
Senate by the Democratic and Populist
votes.
"In the meanwhile speculation in gold
had exhausted the gold reserve in the
treasury, and the President and Secretary
of the Treasury issued $150,000,000 of
bonde, making the total bond issue $262,
-000,000 thus far during President Cleve
land's administration. If the same com
binations continue that lea to the with
drawal of gold on former occasions there
will be another bond issue before Con
gress meets in December. It seems to me
that every one who has given attention to
the finaucial question must see in this sit
uation enough to arouse his anxiety for
the future.
"The Democratic administration sought
to divert public attention from the fin
ancial difficulties in which its policy has
plunged the country by making prom
inent questions involving foreign powers.
The Venezuelan dispute with England
was made the subject of a special mes-
Bage, and Congress, not to be outdone in
jingoism, voted $100,000 for a commission
to examine and report upon the British
claim. Next tbe Armenian atrocities
were taken up, and then Cuba was made
the chief topic for consideration, of all
of which, the public has been fully in
formed by the press. While deeply sym- j
pathizing with Armenians, Venezuelans
and Cubans, I think that Congress could
have spent the time devoted to them more
profitably in discussing matters affecting
our own people. '■
' "The California delegation has faith
fully carried out the instructions of the
people given through conventions and the
State Legislature, and voted to open the
mints for the free coinage of silver. I am,
however, somewhat in doubt as to the
effects of such a measure, excepting for
the product of the mines in the States and
Territories of the United States. Ido not
believe that free coinage of foreign silver
will of itself bring prosperity. We want
better prices for the product of the soil
and employment for our people at remun
erative rates of wages.
•'The bill providing for funding the debt
of the bond-aided railroads, which was
prepared by committees of the two houses,
was reported favorably and placed on the
calendars, where it still remains. An
effort was mude to bring up the measure
in the Senate before the close of the ses
sion, but failed. The California delega
tion has resisted the consideration of the
bill, believing that no action of Congress
is necessary. The friends of the bill have
made a strong fight to have the bill called
up early in December next, and my
opinion is that if they can bring it to a
vote it will be passed. The rules of the
Senate, however, are so elastic that its
consideration can be prevented by parlia
mentary tactics if there are ten Senators
who will unite in an effort to do so.
"The delegation has not been idle as far
as California's interests are concerned.
The members were united in an effort to
secure liberal appropriations, and .suc
ceeded except in the case of those for pub
lic buildings. Early in the session the
edict went forth from the controlling
powers in the House that no money should j
be appropriated for public buildings in \
any State. This programme was ad- )
hered to and no money was given for that
purpose except in the cases of the capitals
of three — Montana, Washington and
Wyoming— which have no public build
ings.
"The delegation also succeeded in secur
ing liberal appropriations for Humboldt
harbor, Oakland harbor, San Diego har
bor, Port Uarford, the inner harbor at San
Pedro, and an appropriation of $3,000,000
has been made lor an outer harbor at
either San Pedro or Santa Monica, accord
ing to the decision of a commission to be
appointed for the purpose of determining
which of the two locations is the better for
the purpose.
"This is not the place to discuss the mer
its of the plan adopted, but I will say that
it is unprecedented in the history of the
Government to make an appropriation for
harbor work that has not been recom
mended by Government engineers after
careful survey and examination. The ac
tion of the Committee on Commerce,
which proposed the appropriation, is made
to appear in a stronger light from the fact
that it refusea to make a little appropria
tion of $25,000 for Alviso Creek, port of
San Jose, because the work had not been
recommended by the Government en
gineers.
"It is exceedingly gratifying to the dele
gation to have placed the Oakland harbor
improvements under the continuous con
tract system, which insures the early com
pletion of the wort as planned by the en
gineers of the Government.
"The delegation is also exceedingly grat
ified at having secured an appropriation
for the San Joaquin River and $250,000 for
erecting restraining dams to prevent in
jury to navigation on the Sacramento
River from the deposit of mining debris.
It also secured the creation of a commis
sion, consisting of a board of United |
States engineers, to make a detailed sur
vey and report a plan for improving th&
Sacramento and Feather rivers and their i
tributaries. Appropriations were also se
cured for special worKs which have been
brought to the attention of the Govern
ment.
"Several special acts of importance to
the Pacific Coast have been passed. Pro
vision has been made lor a lightship on
the San Francisco bar; for a life-saving
station at Point Bonita; for a new Govern
ment quarantine boat; for the survey of
sunken rocks in San Francisco Bay; for a
ca»ie to Aloulrax lului.d • ior the construc
tion of a battle-ship and three torpedo
boats on the Pacific Coast at an advance of
4 per cent above the accepted bid on the
Atlantic; for improvements at the Mare
Island Navy-yard, and for a naval train- j
ing station at Goat Island. The Secretary
of the Navy, at tne earnest solicitation of
the delegation, has made an order for the
immediate enlistment of 100 boys as ap
prentices at Mare Island, so that there
may be no delay in establishing the school.
A liberal subsidy has also been secured for
the line of American steamers between
San Francisco and Australia, which will
enable it to successfully compete with the j
subsidized British line from Victoria.
The sumo f $100,000 has also been appro
priated for the repair of the Hartford.
"Monday afternoon last the Oakland
Postoffice bill, which I introduced in the 1
Senate early in the session, appropriating
$350,000 for a site and building, I hau
taken up on my motion by unanimous !
consent, and passe:!. This will insure I
early action by the House of Representa
tives at the session in December.
'.'Congress has also passed a liberal forti
fication bill appropriating $11,000,000 for
fortifications and ordnance for coast de
fenses. Tne plans of the board which has
the work in hand are comprehensive, and
provide for defenses at the principal ports
between Puget Sound and Lower Califor
nia. San Francisco and San Diego will
come in for a very liberal share of the
money expended in this work.
"A bill was passed, also, increasing the
navy by 1000 men, which does not include
the 150 boys whose enlistment for the
training school has been provided for.
"Early in the session there was hope
that a bill providing for the construction
of the Nicaragua canal would be passed
before adjournment, and also that the lay
ing of a cable to Hawaii would be author
ized. Bills for these enterprises have been
reported in both houses, and there is every
reason to believe that they will become
laws before the end of the present Con
gress.
"The delegation made an effort to secure
legislation for the Territory of
Alaska. The question of land titles is an
important one, and the coal, lumber and
mining interests present problems that
should be solved. The liquor traffic espe
cially should be regulated in the Terri
tory. Early in the session 1 introduced a
bill having for its object a law protecting
the salmon fisheries in the waters of
Alaska. It lingered along in the House
of Representatives until last .Monday/
when it passed and was signed the same
day by the President. The commercial
interests of the rapidly growing Territory
should be properly provided for, and there
should be enacted a law securing a Terri
torial government suited to the changed
conditions and giving the Territory a dele
gate in Congress. Several bills have been
considered, but owing to the lack of suffi
cient data no definite action has been
taken that has crystallized into laws upon
our statute books. It is probable that
representatives of the committees on
Foreign Relations, Commerce and Terri
tories will visit Alaska this summer and
secure the information necessary in the
preparation of suitable bills. We hope
that in December legislation of benefit to
Alaska will be made possible.
"The delegation, as you know, took an
extremely active interest in the case of
John Hays Hammond, and one result of
its efforts in his behalf was raising the
Consulate at Cape Town to a Consul-Gen
eralship, which will serve to better pro
mote American interests in South Africa.
"Nothing which I cave done during the
session has given me more sincere pleasure
and gratification than the Dart taken in
securing pensions for soldiers and soldiers'
widows and, children. Every application
for aid has been complied with and a great
many pensions secured, some as high as
$72 per month. The letters of thanks
which I have received have far more than
repaid me for tho trouble, a3 they have
shown the pressing needs of those who
have been aided, and; an appreciation of
such aid I was only too glad to give.
"As to the Presidential situation it looks
as though the people of the country are
in sympathy with McKinley, not because
he is a popular idol, as other statesmen
have been, but because he represents an
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
| idea that is dear to every American — the
dignity of American labor, secured by its
protection, against the competition of the
cheap labor of foreign countries. 1 think
McKinley will be nominated on the lirst
i ballot, perhaps by acclamation, and that
|he will be elected. That election will re
store confidence in the future of the coun
try and the good effects of a Republican
administration v.ill be discounted, as was
the evil effects of the Democratic policy.
The business cf the country will be stimu
lated by the simple election of Mr. Me-
Kiniey to the Presidency. :>
Senator Perkins, while an advocate of
the free coinage of silver in obedience to
the expressed desire of his constituents, is
confident that McKinley can carry Cali
fornia even if the gold standard is indorsed
in the St. Louis platform. He is not in
unsible, however, to the strength of the
silver men in the South and West.
Regarding the Vice- President on the
Republican National ticket he thinks that
Governor Hastings of Pennsylvania may
be nominated, although his name has not
figured conspicuously as a candidate.
To Senator Perkins' mind the creat
swing of the Democrats of the South and
West for free coinage of silver puts Mr.
Russell of Massachusetts out of the race
for the Democratic nomination for Presi
dent. The candidate who now seems to be
strongest in that party is Vice- President
Stevenson.
People's Home Savings Bank.
Editor Call ; The depositors' committee held
a meeting last night and talked over the
bank's affairs; but, in view of the trial in
Judge Seawcil's court, will probably not call a
public meeting of the depositors until the last
of the month or sometime in July.
T. H. Mccarty, President
T. S. Williams, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, June 13, 1896.
» ♦ — ♦
Used Canceled Stamps.
United States Deputy Marshal Cavan and
Revenue Agent Cromwell seized the New York
Brewery, located at Haywards, yesterday.
Peter Butt, the proprietor, was arrested on a
charge of using canceled stamps on beer
packages.
MEN WHO ARE PRO3IIXENT IN THE ORDER OF DRUIDS.
WHITE BATTALION DRILL
The Philadelphia's Crew and the
Naval Reserve in Golden
Gate Park.
Pretty and Perfectly Timed Military
Movements— Mascot Gore, the
Ship Dog.
The white battalion of the Philadelphia,
escorted by the California Naval Reserves,
gave the public a treat in the way of an
exhibition drill at Golden Gate Park yes
terday afternoon. It was the first time
the men of the war vessels in the harbor
have given an entertainment of the kind
in the City, and the spectacle of almost
400 sailors moving as one man in perfect
unison was an imposing one.
Long before the battalion arrived a great
crowd of people had settled themselves on
the music-stand benches and grassy slopes
around the carriage concourse, which was
to be the parade ground. At about 3
o'clock strains of martial melody were
heard behind the trees, and presently a
red-coated band came out of the foliage
and then the white companies.
With a steady stride they swung across
the level space in columns of thirty-two
front. The battalion was commanded by
Lieutenant-Commander Ingersoll, U. S.
ST., executive ollicer of trie Philadelphia,
and the Naval Reserves by Lieutenant-
Commander Turner. The whole force was
evidently under the guardianship of Dog
Gore, the cruiser's mascot, who was not
only the one dog permitted in the park
but was, in his own mind, personally re
sponsible for the military behavior of his
shipmates. Decoration day he came
ashore with the rest of the Philadelphians
and was the only sailor who overstayed
his liberty. He was absent four days and
when he did return he was quarantined
aboard ship until yesterday.
The reserves, not being accustomed to
drill with the cruiser's men, did not take
part in the movements, but formed a
ctiard around the inclosure. The bat
tallion was rapidly thrown into different
formations and positions by Lieutenant-
Commander Ingersoll, going from sections
into battalion line in splendid order at the
change in the bugle's note.
Then came the riot drill, first forming
into company squares, with the officers
and colors inside. As the battalion
marched double-quicK down an imaginary
street, the leading company upon reach
ing a cross-s,treet would divide rapidly,
throwing a line on each side, wben, with
bristling bayonets they protected the
flanks of the moving line. Then, as the
column passed, that company would form
in the rear.
The head company would go through
the sarhe pretty evolution and this would
go on as long as the street march would be
continued. That part of the drill closed
with a beautiful formation of battalion
square, afterwards coming to "place rest"
m battalion line.
The most interesting maneuver was the
bayonet drill, the movements of which are
made in keeping with the music of the
band. At the order the men divested
themselves of their belts and accoutre
ments, and as the drum-major raised his
staff and the strains of "Daisy, Daisy,"
burst out, each rifle was swung through
the air in the prettiest motion imaginable.
The movements changed with the melo
dies, the evolutions being gracefully exe
cuted and enthusiastically applauded by
the spectators. The white battalion then
passed into company formation and
marched back to the Haight-street cars,
returning aboard their ship.
•• — ♦ »
Gomez's Ijicrht Sentence,
Judge Bahrs on Friday sentenced Manuej
Gomez to ten years in Folsom tor assault
Gomez is the Jackson-street barber who was
arrested at the time of the Peter Lane dis
closures. Judge Bahrs tnought he deserved
the extreme penaly of the law, fourteen years,
but made the sentence lighter because of the
recommendation of the jury.
Joseph Peterson was also before Judge
Bahrs for sentence, as was Charles Kix. The
former got lour years in Folsom for burglary,
while two years in San Quentin was deemed
sufficient punishment for the latter's offense,
petty larceny.
Piles! Piles* Mac's Infallible Pile Cure.
Cures j all cases of. blind, . bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggists, 004 Washington street. . •
DRUIDS TO TRYST
IN CITY GLADES
The California Grand Grove
Will Meet in This City
on Tuesday.
WHAT WILL BE DONE.
A Proposition to Establish a
Relief Board and a Reserve
Fund.
MEMORIAL DAY FOE THE DEAD
The Delegates and How They Are to Be
Entertained by the San Francisco
Subordinate Lodges.
The Grand Grove of the United Ancient
Order of Druids will convene in Druids'
Hall on Sutter street, near Stockton, on
next Tuesday morning and remain in ses-
sion three days. The reports of the grand
officers tliat are to be presented will show
that the order is in a flourishing condition,
financially and numerically. There are
at this time in the jurisdiction seventy
three groves located in California, Oreeon,
Washington and British Columbia, with a
membership of 4000. There are five circles
of the ladies' branch of the order with a
membership of nearly 250. These are
located in San Francisco, Modesto, St.
He'en;i and Eureka.
The grand officers of the order are :
O. H floagof No. 47, noble grand arch; J.
A. Devoto of No. 88, deputy grand arch ; J. J.
Mollbon of No. 15, grand secretary; L. Cha9
sagiie of No. 10, grand treasurer; J. H. L.
(ierckens of No. 38, past noble grand arch;
Henry Lange of No. 41, grand marshal; J. M.
Brand of No. 92, grand guardian; D. P. Brown
of Nf. 16, grand sentinel; P. Kohrbacher of
No. 9 K. L. Wagner of No. 10, J. C. Bernstein
of Ni. 17, S. It. S. G. U. S.; F. cavagnaro of No.
:;7, .1. J. Donnelly of No. 15, George A.Abel of
Nu. Ti, alternates; Jacob Nickels ol No. 4; 11.
I!. Mihrmann Of No. 24, Henry A. Chase oi No.
i 7, tr istees.
The successor of the present noble grand
arch will be James A. Devoto. who will be
the youngest presiding officer the order
ever uad in this jurisdiction. He has de
votee a great dual of time and attention to
fraternal matters, and is said to be one of
the best parliamentarians in California.
He b.lont;s to the Native Sons, and during
his term as noble grand arch he will or
ganize a crove composed exclusively of
native sons.
During the session tbe principal subjects
that will come up for consideration will
be the establishment of a relief board, the
creation of a reserve fund to provide for
aged nembers and the setting aside of a
memorial day to pay proper respect to the
memory of the dead of the order.
The visiting delegates will during their
stay i:i tins City be entertained by the San
Francisco groves. There will be a literary
entertainment, banquet and dance at Odd
Fellows' Hall on Wednesday. Past Su
preme Arch L. G. Schord will deliver the
address of welcome and Noble Grand Arch
Hoag will tell of the object and aim cf the
order. On Thursday the delegates will
visit tiie Tivoli Opera-house.
Among those who will take a prominent
part in tne session will be Henry A. Chase,
past noble grand arch, and editor of the
Druids' Journal, the official organ of the
order. He has been connected with a
number of fraternal organizations for
many years and a member of the Druids
since the order was established in this
State. His intimate knowledge of the
affairs of the order has made him a valu
able member and one whose advice is con
tinually sought for.
On Thursday morning the grand officers
will be elected and in the afternoon they
will be installed. The candidates are:
f°s £ ce P ut / grand arch— L. G. Weisshaar
and H. J. Goller. For grand secretary— J.
J. Mollison, John M. Graves, Modesto; A.
L. Samson of No. 24; J. De Las Casas and
J. F. Martinoni. For grand treasurer— L.
Chassagne and B. H. Goetze. For supreme
representatives— E. L. Wagner, F. Cav
agnaro, George W. Lovie, Louis G. Schord,
J. C. Bernstein, J. H. L. Gerckens, Theo
G. Cockrill and J. J. Donnelly.
The Order of Druids, primarily, Is of Asiatic
origin. History upeaks of it as an order of
priests and learned men among the ancient
teltie— the rnee 01 people who left the parent
hive in Asia at a very early period and settled
in Western Europe. In Gaul and Britain (the
France ana Kngland of to-day) for many cen
turies preceding the Christian era, and at the
time of the invasion of these countries by tho
Romans, the Druids were the most prominent
and powerful order. They presided over the
religious celebrations of the people, and were
their Judges, legislators, philosophers, phy
sicians and instructors of youih. The order
first assumed its present character in Kngland
in the year 1781.
The date of introduction into America has
not been ascertained. It Is supposed to nave
been int-oduced about the rear 1830, but was
not pcrnanently established until 1839, when
Washington Lodge No. 1 of New York was or
ganized. Its objects are: To unite men to
gether, irrespective of nation, tongue or creed,
ior mutual protection and improvement; to
assist so'ially and materially, by timely coun
sel and instructive lessons, by encouragement
in business, by assistance to obtain employ
ment wien in need, to foster among its
members the spirit of fraternity and
good-feiowship; and, by a well-regulated
system tf dues and oeueflts. to provide lor the
relief of the sick and destitute, the burial of
the deat and the protection of the widows and
orphans of its deceased members.
The following is the list of delegates to
the Grind Grove:
California No. I— Charles Coot, George Saleo
vicb, August Ko'.Pizke. s»n Francisco No. 8—
Conrad Herghofer, Charles lister. Burchard
MoctmelKs. KurckaTVo. 4— h. M. Fabry, Freder
ick Huftchmldt, K. Uock. Norma No. 5-G. H.
Bertraiß, Walter N. Brunt, K. H. Goetze. Wal
halla Kl. 6-\Vllllam Gieonwood, W. Hall, M. B.
Home,.. Lewis, «, .Foika. 61gel JSo. 7-N. Dim- |
mer, A. Kwald, William Wagner, P. Wobber. San
Joaquin No. B— H. O. Hess, * Paul Wilke, Georgo
Wolf. Perseverance No. 10— P. Borel, John L.
< ontat, P. Duchein. H. G. Giaunini. S. Pldancet.
t\ Queyrel. lle.sp rian JSo. 15— H. J. Goller, JI.
Harms, F. J. Horn. A. Mainzer. JElvin No. 16— A.
D. Currie. Johu Hnuon. Laurel No. 17— C. An
tonioli, Henry A. Chase, O. Malpiede, C. F. Mo'.l
uari, J. W. Molinari, h. J. Peri. Templar No. 19—
C E. Carson, A. Anderson. A. Jf. Wallin, A.
Moncisvala, Bfadrona No. ai— A. Thompson, P.
Pozzl, K. Kossi, it. Varozzi. Sail Jose Xo. 23— A.
M. Gubiotti, M. Lenzen. M.. Trueman. Oakland No.
24— T. J. Brady, T. Linton, H. Otf, A. L. Sampson.
Huxbury No. 'J6— T. \V. Lewis, >". C. Odin. Mo
desto No. 34— H. Christ. John M. Graves. J. Kane.
Xl Dorado No. 35-John DeßernaMl. E. Piaggl.
Merced No. 36-J. M. snmb, John Naffzl^er. uali
leo No. 87— h. Baglietto, S. Bottero, F. CaponelM,
P. Fiiippini G. laccheri, G. Lepori, C. A. Magistra.
J. F. Martinoni, P. G. Molinari, G. Wusso,
(i. Koccatagliata. Petaluma No. 38 — Joe
Breckwoldt, Marcus Fedderson, James C.
Jensen, George Swetman. Olema, No. 39—
D. Bondietti, Joseph Cadoiii, V. Mottini.
Buena Vista No. 40— J. 1). Williams. St. Helena
No. 41— A. Beretta, A. Fornl, 11. Gutzwiller, A.
Hauser. Henry Lange, D. Luchessa. Nicasio No.
42— D. W. Taylor. Yaseo Da (iama No. 43— J. B.
de las Casas, 9. J. da Ciinha, F. M. Ran os. Celtic
No. 44-.lose|h Hordenave, Alfred Labone,
Auguste l'radi;l. ilayiieid No. 45— L\ Ducker, F.
W. Weisshuur. L. G. V\'e::<shaar. Santa Jtosa No.
47— S. s. liell.il. J. Bowers. V. Piezzi. Cypress No.
51— A. W. Horweg*, i i.rl Plow, Charles H. Wilson,
Morvin No. 5-j— a. il. Hanson. George W. Lovie.
Mount Taina'pais No. 58— W. F. Dougliprty, M. J.
Mulhern, c. a. shaver. Morton No. 62— J. B.
Ba^et, F. Clavere. F. .Sesma. Solano No. 72— W ll
liam Heath, ( >. p. Miilfr. Sonoma No. 75— S.
Ciuri. C. Olivieri, Q. Peilroia. Columbus No. 74—
G. Dorossl, M. Graziani. Garden No. 7t>— S. P.
Johnson, TheoJore Johnson, A. F. Peterson. Wll
linm Tell No. 77— A. Bamhero, *. Perry. Mazzlni
No. 78— F. ttiambasiiniil.G. Ijtvafiiiini, A. SantellL
Luis de Camoens No. 81— J. S. Bonito, (t S. Medina,
l'leunanton No. B'2— Franlc Lewis, \V. Napier, J. P.
Kosa- Tomalt's So. 83— V. Caporgno, w. Collins,
John Watts. Dame No. 84— A. Bondietti, V. For
esti, V. Maninelli. Acorian No. 86— M. J.
Lamb, J. s. Santos, A. J. Silva. Volta
So. 88— A. Olwo, D. *>allera. A. Pessano,
E. Srodeletti. I.lvermoreNo. 89— Georue S. Fitzger
ald. M. J. Moller. Cayucoi No. 90— Kobert Tomnl.
Turlock No. 91— John L. Brown, W. L. Kulkerth.
Annrii-us No. 93— P. Ferrari, C. Bandoni. B. La
loli, A. Kosala. Frederick Meg No. 94— A. Fran
cesciii, L. G. Morelll. Roma No. 95— C. Clivlo,
A. Molinari, (J. Ptrata, (i. Pierotti, G. Rattoni.
Coti'-ordia No. 98— G. Alpfrretll, G. S. Silva, A.
Boss:. Far West No. 99-William M. Michel, 3.
8. !?argeni- Salinas No. 101— A. Agostini, P. L.
Tag 10. Ottavio No. 103— saule Gori, A. F. Monti
cell!. Golden Star No. 104— P. J. Moliterno, 1).
O. Antonovich. a. Kisellcli. Schiller No. I— Uito
Duevel, B. Ueix, G. Lavher.
A NEW FAMILY THEATER
Prospective Opening of "The
Park," on Grove Street, on
Saturday Next.
There Will Be Special Attractions,
and Everything Will Be Modern,
Elegant and Comfortable.
On Saturday evening, June 20, an event
of more than usual importance to the the
ater-going ptiDlic of San Francisco will be
the openinc of the Park Theater on Grove
street, between Polk street and Van Ness
avenue, whicti has been transformed from
what was once a barren and comfortless
hall into a commodious and elegant tem
ple of amusement, specially arranged for
the accommodation of theater-goers in
general and families in particular.
It is conceded that a well-conducted and
perfectly appointed theater situated in the
western or resident portion of San Fran
cisco is a much-desired and long-felt want,
amounting almost to a necessity.
The Park Theater when opened will rep
resent an actual cash outlay for altera
tions and improvements of over five thou
sand dollars. There has been constructed
an elegant staircase at the main entrance.
There has also been erected a very hand
some permanent screen partition with
glaaed swinging doors. To tho right of
tne auditorium is a gentlemen's caie and
bar; an elegantly furnished ladies' parlor
is located at the rieht of the grand stair
case and will be intrusted to the care of a
female attendant. To the right of the bal
cony a beautifully appointed ladies' cufe
will be maintained. The entire theater
will be illuminated by incandescent and
arc electric lights. A special feature of the
opening of this theater will be the new
drop curtain.
The enterprising head and front of this
important undertaking, William E. Johns,
is well and ably fitted to direct the various
and manifold arrangements. His assistant
manager, Joe E. Charters, has been well
and favorably known by the entire busi
ness and mercantile community of the
Pacific Coast for the past twenty-five years
for his fine business qualifications.
The financial department has been en
trusted to Christian Lynton and the stage
management will be under the sole direc
tion of Ed Ambrose.
The theater will be opened with the
heart-stirring comedy, "The Cruskeen
Lawn," with America's representative
Irish comedian, Dan McCarthy, as Old
Miles. Other prominent members of the
Park Theater Dramatic Stock Company
will be Miss Lou Ripley, Miss Clay Bon
ton Johns, W. L. Robertsand Miss Olive
Martin.
Mill Valley Picnic.
An enjoyable private picnic was held at Mill
Valley by tho North Beach Social and Trilby
Society last Sunday. Tbe Trilbys attending
were : Miss H. N. Claire Fargue, Freda Jacob
sen, Miss Annie Morris, ilisa* Jennie Jacobs,
Miss M. Miller, Miss Nettie Trilby Jacobsen,
Mrs. H. Jacobsen, Mr«. P. Jacobsen, Mrs. J.
Cohen, Mrs. J. Terkelson and Mrs. John Han
sen. The Svengali portion of the society was
represented by A. H. Cohn, James Terkelson,
L. Jacobs, John Hansen, Jerry Jacobs, J. Ter
kelsen and Alvin Terkolson. A burlesque on
"Trilby" by the whole society ended an enjoy
able diiy. They will hold their ball In the very
near future.
Divorced From a Cruel Husband.
Fanny B. Sperry was yesterday divorced
from George T. Sperry by Judge Hebbard. The
ground of action was extreme cruelty. Mrs.
Sperry was awarded the custody of the minor
children.
NEW TO-DAT.
MOUIvrFoLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDINO NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST,
J. Knights of I'ythias, Improved Order Ked Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Ma'.eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city ; non-sectarian. In so sexse mcia'Sivk:
pekfkct title GUARANTEED; location unex-
celled.
Please call at office. 997 Market St., before select-
; ing burial place elsewhere.
NEW 10-DAIV _^ _ _^ ,_ _. ,
CITYOFIfePARIS!
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
j^IVdBKR 12X^7339 BSKIBEI C355t53 ■n^ljfl^^" /'Sr^^^'^^Cj ¥■
SILKS I
r^^^ _ »rV 7 bsct^^sh EDms^^^EZECDb9 KEQDS9R CBkm339 fcrf
UNPRECEDENTED REDUCTIONS!
J±t GOg Per Yd.
4500 yards CHECKED, STRIPED AND FANCY SILKS, reduced from $1
and $1 25 per yard.
J±t "7 So Per "HTd..,
6000 yards NOVELTY SILKS. Former price $1 25 to $2.
±000 rtEsnvt^r-^^TTS^
Of BLACK AND COLORED SILKS, 2 to 14 yard lengths, reduced to HALF
PRICE.
A.t 25c Per "STcL.
6500 yards First Quality MAUBATI WASH SILK. Reduced from 35c
•♦: ■ and 4OC.
SB SABIjA ESPAKTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
"VIXjXjE! X>E5 P.AJFIIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
GOLDEN RULE PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
nATA A D I stamped ON A shob
OnJLnnti. means STANDARD OP MERIT.
Special JIJW 51.90
New and mm m $1 90
i 5 ,<f>w tF<& 11 -d I <fl #• . A good article Is always cheap, but a cheap good
H""^ I 111 91 I I B Brtlclo is better. This week we will sell at a sacrl-
J. V/ ILl UIVII flee a first-class KU3SET KID OXFORD, with
JL razor toes and tins and brown cloth tops. It is a
". --. ■:':■:'■ high-grade artic c sold at a cheap price. By
W-^ «l baying it yon get style, lit and durability. This
WiJ 4~± B jr C?* Oxford formerly sold for ?2 60 and *3, but we
jT^fl If |D^ have cut the price to $I '9o for the coming weelc
The ever-popular South- (T»^ f^^^
AT PRiriTC THAT andweViUuweTo^ *-L.»Vj •
nnr,,,, nnn niiifuin nT ¥Trm lt>' Busset Kid Southern JSfSXBW^!
SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES. 3b2?.sk i wss J&%k
To-'S and Tips, which are jb ~^k*3oP*
worth %'i 50 to •}», will *■-, ||||ia|W|nnf|fW '
;i~X&:i,7ZZZ - sold at » sacrifice for $1 90. *-— ■■■^■atrf.—
, " Pub. 1 Our '.;[ "* t - — - —
A Lady of Quality. .. by Mrs. Burnett f l'So $1.05 *£ 5° n 7 "Sw™ SSS Catalorw,
A Summer ia Arcady.. by J. L. Alien 1.'25 .87 *S" Send for 2«ew Illustrated Catalog*
Tom Grogan by F. H. binlth 1.50 1.05 Address
Cinderella and other Stories r> LTATfHfNQIfI
byR.H. Davis 1.00 .69 **• IVA I CniHI3R.l t
Robert AM prbury by Bralnard .60 .35 nun Ann duia cunp nn
The Ked Coclcale by Stanley Weyman 1.50 1.05 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
Chronicles of fount Antonio 10 Third Street, San Francisco.
by Anthony Hope 1.50 1.05 — . —
The Sorrows of Satan by Marie Corel!! 1.50 1.05
The Days of Anld Long 5yne.......
-•...; by lan Mac<aren 1.25 .87
ThoManxman by Hall Ca'nn 1.50 1.03 nx ATrMCM T
The Hon. l'eter Stirling. .by P. l* Ford 1.50 1.05 v3>- I A I EL iVI EL Ml 1
A Fool of Nature w " "^
.by Julian Hawthorne 1.25 1.05
Adam Johnstone's Son .- . OF THE—
by Marion Crawford 1.50 1.05
A Singular life
by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps 1.25 .87 mvniTinv AND AFFAIRS
A Few Memories. .by Mary Anderson 2.M) 1.75 CONDITION AKB 4xtAl«S
Joan of Arc by Mark Twain 2.50 1.75
OF TELE—
£L Tmr MAGDEBURG
5 Cents cS?v. FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
Send for Catalogue. Magdeburg, german jt, on the 31st
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
' m ['■■ _ __ __ — . _ commissioner of the State of California, pursuant .
n £1 B X B ft MM XX mm O to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
1 1 £2 II I \ mnii.\ Political Code, condensed us per blank furnished
LJ ft W# 4/ Sjf I i W#f by the Commissioner.
'• CAPITA!.'.
718 Market Street, San Francisco Am gL n h.°!. c ? tt^ s . t . o< : :. p> . ld . a . p . 1 . n * 750,000 00
' — ~~ " ' ~~ ASSETS.
ji- jbx -f*JTu ■fß jffTL jjpt JffVjf?^t/ n ?iiC!^i^ !^ .Real Estate owned by Company.... .?390,81l 25
®a f mwta n ■ IVtf ■ H ffIJPRI (fffl (_- as .Bonds owned by Company and 2,267,636 84
©BfliPßl I I W S n B/SfftlW Cash in Company's Office 2,267.63684
©If I I Ul TYinmrNS Casbinßankl y : 8Offlce :::. : ::- : :-::: 339,315 07
EV ¥1 I nun m l!'lr"">S«^r interest due and accrued on a.l ww
Sy _ _ ■> - v. ■&| Stocks and lx>ans 13,636 54
it jf^~^\ Dflofnrori! P^or\ t^ du^ rB^^. collec : 233,66923
•® ISfsrlt Stren^Md^S Total assets jgj>gg*?»J»
&'As'J&£^g*W^ Young Men can beVSr TTa nr ttif« '
•• /4f95&?% Quickly and £s£l LIABILITIES. —
■If/i//^tS^i^ cured brme|B Losses In process of Adjustment or .
***. %%Z%m£%£ S^ *? f he lt £ - vig °f^Z in Suspense $457,033 06
A Sufferers fromM GrOBS premlums on Fire Risks run-
• JiW^Vi Nervous A SKcr::: 1 ! lewuM
MnMS^m^jW n^hifiH/ **. Gross premiums oil Fire Risks run-
tffr VmLi W/////MjsJ LfQUUlty A nin« more than one ye»r • inMio ,
w y^\WWlP<Zlr nr -i 2? reinsurance pro rata : 2*0,065 87
•1? !1 ' 4 7/ Weakness ML Cash Dividends Kemaining Unpaid. 1,113 50
'■■Vl'Mb*? VarlCOCele X All Other Demands Against the .-.
& 14W^d all wasting disoa.es.o Company -, 2f18 '" 9 *l
Sf i ' plf * h * u " t wrlt> ***" for >jT>e * > jjK Total UabUlt lea. $2,573,160 98
Z Mil «*-j«'\ »t^s Net Cash actually^received for Fire BBa , 21 ..
b&& &I vL teafy'JßSa {J*fi.B%*\\ Premiums $a,089,3-i 88
V -^* '•ft* JrL^ XJr^mhifd^ Received for interest on Bonds and .___, „
• \^twuJmi jP \ I^^?-^^^^ MortKßces ■• 4tf»bol 61
9^S^SSfS&^^m^&9 B ffn, al, other sources 00.083 B«
2»°el* tlio aid of older mT^C/MM\ © Received for SSI& andwritlVf-ee-s: 65,770 26
Sfsoek the aid of older '■•- MMTMmS 2T Received for Gain on fcxehanje..... 65,770 28
Amen or reputable phy-. flj vY/y*^Vl'/A A| Received lor Profit, on sale of Keal
Wsicians, I investigated' ■ Jgl 'M-.l .# M'A <*& Kstate 26,526 44
subject deeply and <$W\falF"J[l/m7/iy 111/h A • '
discovered n Blmrle \f*± '; jT^Pwii W Total income $3,877,967 29
•but most remarkably o^b/l?5-*.' > jSuii*'- m^k\. — *
©SSSUSr^S • EXPENDITURES.
p and fully enlarged me \/fVJv///K / A Net amount paid for Fire Losses
from n shrunken, stunted d WjVwdMWfa *Bt {including $805,225 41 losses Of
©condition to natural slzo VW&WfW A previous years). $2,631,399 12
nnd strength. Iwantevery f/jr\\\ll -. CSd Dividends to Stockholders 300,000 00
• > n r0 T 1 antokno ■///, VI I Faid or Allowed for Commission or
about it.. Itakoaptrsonal I\i • rH ker a i.»rie. f^s"and-otn« 7 °° >o3a 88
t S2'&d C ltSt& M to I'=M1 '=M ; M S PaiKr^'s^iaViei-f^s an<i diheV 7Wl °" 8B
#"rri?e m^ nil commnni 0 - U Q charges for officers, clerk, etc. . 226,881 28
2T cations are held strictly ■-" '-X Paid for Bute, National and local
fMconfldontial. Isemlthe recipe of thisremedyflß taxes 37,665 16
•]g£ absolutely free of cost. Do not put it off. but^H' All other Payments and Kxpendl-
feawriteme fully at once, yon will always bleas/J* lur.s 131,550 45
Vthe day you did so. Address, / ; • %£/ ■.— — _^___^_
• ■■■;• THOMAS SLATER. Boob 2383 jgjk Total expenditure* $4,027,028 65
Shipper of nunoiu Kalamaioo CeUry, K»lam»ioo, aioh.^p ■. ■ ' ■
CrSw m^R^S^i^BW^ .^S?^^H^fc i^^^L^tf^^ t. jS^v fi^¥% '■ Ir® losses inc urrGti
WV®@^®999999^ Flr dudfi| e !he° < ea r r rC . (2,631,399 12
— _ . _ f ROBT. TSCHMARKE, President.
; •■.-•-" ___-■■-'■• ' ;: K. IVMIKTHKE, Secretary.
nCOTEI H&lf\ Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day
—^ nL|\| LLlNiy of March, 1896.
, ik. -*V-; jA&s£Efi£&iL J Ulllus il U KH ' U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
& m fiUTTE & FRASR, Managers.
fr 42>7^Hb \w 303 California St., S. F.
IS TUB VERY fctsi' USE TO EXAMINE (7 < *'? Wj&ikf&jt^^Z^'tj*! fif^A
■I your eyes and tit. tnem to spectacles and Eya- , -t, J£. Hr^m^^PMdUPUn A jmfrl
glasses with instruments of bis own invention, :'. y^rfLlSiaSaSSiSir^SiaMSißimMii \ •*■—
whose superiority has not been equaled. My aua> >^><i^faW3?Si«li:lV?Sl3^l33TiCrf»3 Jt\J^jS
cess has been due to the merits or my worJs. l * BMK * aja> * mju^iim l «]} || />><<<?
Ottice Hours— l 2 to 4y. v. I When ordering please mention uu.OLD GLORY HAS
ITS BIRTHDAY
General Display of the Flag
Yesterday in Public
Places.
WAVES TRIUMPHANTLY.
One Hundred and Nineteenth
Anniversary— A Confusion
of Dates.
IT DID NOT FLY EVERYWHERE
Because Excessive Patriotism Con>
fused the Mayor and His
Subordinates.
The thermometer of patriotism in San
Francisco yesterday was at fever heat.
This was the effect of several causes.
To-day (Sunday) is the one hundred and
nineteenth anniversary of the adoption by
Congress of the National colors. The
Sons and Daughters of the American Rev
olution had requested the Mayor of San
Francisco to direct a general display yes
terday ol the American flag upon all pub
lic buildings, squares, parks, etc., in com
memoration of the event. In the carry
ing out of the order there was some con
fusion, due, probably, to the dates of the
raising of the bear flag and the celebra
tion of the battle of Bunker Hill, all of
which come so close together. There was
not any difference of opinion. All persons
interested were loyal, but there was a con
fusion of dates and ideas.
When the Mayor received a courteous
communication from S. Isabelle Hubbard,
president of the Valentine Holt Society
of the Children of the American Revolu
tion, requesting a general public display
upon all public buildings and in all pub
lic parks and squares yesterday of the
stars and stripes, he said:
A request has been issued to all the proper
officers to have the National emblem raised
on public buildings on Saturday, June 13,
1896, in commemoration of its adoption by
Congress, June 14, 119 years ago.
Our institutions are worthy of purest love,
and societies like yours are eloquent evangels,
carrying the sacred token of .National love.
To Edwin Bonnell and Mrs. Florence C.
Moore, the representatives of the Sons and
Daughters of the American Revolution,
he said:
"Fully appreciating the spirit of pure
patriotism that prompts your honorable
association to celebrate the event, your re
quest has been complied with, and all the
officers having charge of buildings,
squares, etc., have Deen invited to raise
the tlzig next Saturday as a testimonial
that San Francisco loves our National
colors and the principles that it so grandly
represents."
So everything seemed to be propitious
for a grand general display of "Old Glory,"
but unluckily the minds of the people be
came confused and they were unable
clearly to distinguish between the respect
ive dates of the Bear Flag celebration, the
Battle of Bunker Hill and the one hun
dred and nineteenth anniversary of the
adoption by Congress of the National
colors.
The Mayor, so he says, transmitted his
instructions to the Superintendent of
Streets and the Superintendent of Schools,
hut the flags, nevertheless, did not fly so
numerously as to obstruct the free circula
tion of air.
The flagstaff of the Lincoln Grammar
School was Dare, also that of Union
square. The stars and stripes floated
triumphantly to the breeze from the tower
of the City Hall and from the flagpole of
the Lowell (boys') Hieh School, but not a
stripe nor star was to be seeu at the Girls'
High School, although the principal
(Elisha Brooks) is a Grand Army man and
noted for his loyalty. The reason why
the flags, were not more generally dis
played is that the requisite instructions
did not reach the head gardener and the
principals of the respective schools in
time.
Tliah School for I'orterville
PORTERVILLE, Cal., June 13.—Por
terville school district to-day voted upon
the proposition of establishing a high
school at this place. Two hundred and
thirty-one votes were cast, 153 being In
favor of and 78 aeainst the proposition.
At a similar election one year ago the
proposition was defeated.
• — • — •
Tacotna't Queen of lioies.
TACOMA, Wash., June 13.— The special
committee appointed to select a Queen of
Koses for the carnival decided on Mrs.
Harrison G. Foster. She will rule over
the fiesta after being crowned as the floral
goddess, and will lead the grand march in
the carnival ball.
Mr. and Mrs- Paul Vann.-k, Who Arc Able to Work But r refer to Beg.
The first American flag accepted by committee and adopted by resolution of Congress June 14, 1777, as the National standard was made
by Betsy Ross in 1776 at 239 Arch street, 1 hiladelphia, in the room represented in this picture. The committee— Robert Morris and Hon.
George Ross— accompanied by General George Washington, called upon this celebrated lady and, with her suggestion, produced our
beautiful emblem of Liberty. .
[Reproduced from a painting.]
HE SENDS HIS
WIFE OUT TO BEG
Paul Vannek Forces His
Helpmate to Solicit
Charity.
PREFERS TO PLAY NURSE
Washes and Cooks While His
Better Half Seeks Aid
From Merchants.
SHE IS ALMOST A CRIPPLE
Rain or Shin?, However, She Piies Her
Vocation— Son and Daughter of
Professional Beggars.
There are beggars and beggars. Some
solicit alms from necessity, others in
sweet charity's name, while there are not
a few who beg because it is an easy way to
make both ends meet, and incidentally
put by a few pennies for the proverbial
rainy day.
To this latter class belong Mr. and Mrs.
Paul Vannek of 1787 Stockton street. The
husband is a fit subject for police investi
gation, though the wife is hardly less cul
pable because of her quiet submission to
the brutal greed and avarice of her lord
and master.
The Vanneks are a peculiar people and
they come from a family not one whit^ess
strange. In fact they, with the parents
on both sides, may be said to be a family
ot professional beggars, successful almost
beyond belief in their fraudulent calling.
The wife of Vannefc up to eighteen
months ago lived with her parents some
where in the Mission. Marie, for that is
the girl's name, assisted her mother in
supporting a family of eight, inctuding
the father and husband, who, it appears,
was really a tit subject for charity because
of certain physical deformities. It was an
easy matter to gather in the sheckles. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
BIRTH OF OUR NATION'S FLAG.
mother would don her oldest gown, place
a pair of goggles over her eyes, and, led by
the faithful Marie, would hie herself to
places where men make money easily and
spend it freely.
An accomplished musician, the mother
played the accordioii, while the daughter,
who it appears is slighly lame, trilled
popular airs, or perchance touched the
hearts of the passers-by with some ancient
Out well loved melody.
A blind mother and a crippled daughter
made a combination which cold-hearted
brokers of Pine street and the business
men of Front and Battery could not re
sist. If from any cause whatever business
became dull, the couple would take them
selves to the sections of the City inhabited
by the halfworld and there gather in the
coin of sin and shame.
One day eighteen months ago Vannek,
who was following a similar vocation, and,
by means of an accordion and a big pair of
green goggles, making a fair if not alto
gether honest living, met Marie and her
mother. He fell in love with the girl aud
after a brief courtship the couple married.
The mother continued Her calling alone
fora time, and then departed with her
family for fresher fields. They are now
supposed to be in New Orleans.
Vannek and his bride enjoyed a brief
Joneymoon and then the old business of
begging was resumed. Day after day and
month after month the wife trod the
streets of San Francisco soliciting alms.
Within easy distance followed the hus
band to see that the "beggar girl" did not
overlook any possible victims. Sometimes
Mrs. Vannek is seen with one crutch, and
then again she finds it to her interest finan
cially to hobble about with two. She telis
the old story of "eight brothersand sisters
and a crippled father to support," and it
takes well with those whos hearts are eas
ily reached. Every few weeks Vannek and
his wife visit the neighboring towns, re
turning invariably with their pockets well
lined with coin of "the realm.
Mrs. Vannek continued her City pil
grimages to within four or five days of the
birth of her child, this interesting event
occurring about five weeks ago. Since the
child came Mrs. Vannek visits her old
haunts unattended by her Husband.
He is content to remain at home doing
the cooking and washing, and incidentally
taking care of the baby, trusting to the
wife's honesty to turn into nis greedy
hands her day's earnings. The neighbors
say that if by chance the wife makes but a
small accounting for the six or seven
hours of humiliation through which she
has-been forced to go, she is the recipient
of curses and blows.
"It is a burning shame," said one of
Vannek's neighbors yesterday, "the way
this great big, able-bodied man compels
his wife, who is hardly yet a woman in
years, to go out and beg for him. If he
was not abie to work it would be a differ
ent matter, but the fellow is an expert ac
cordion maker and an all-round good work
man. If there is no law against such things
there should be. Van nek dresses well,
having the appearance of a business man
in easy circumstances. He beats and
cuffs his wife at the slightest provocation,
and she takes it all without a murmur.
This is a case for the police department or
the Society for the Suppression of Vice."
THE NEW CHARTER.
An Effort to Have It Placed at the
Head of the Ballot.
Secretary J. Richard Freud of the Mer
chants' Association yesterday forwarded
to the Board of Election Commissioners
and the Registrar a resolution recently
passed by the association relative to plac
ing the matter of the proposed new char
ter on the next ticket. The resolution is
as follows:
Whereas, The new charter will be submitted
for ratification to the qualified voters of San
Francisco at the general election on Novem
ber 3 of this year; and whereas, there will be
ninety-one offices to be voted upon at that
election, making, in case of three parties, 27:$
names upon the electoral ballot; and whereas,
the examination of such a long ticket will pre
vent many electors from voting upon the filial
portion of the ballot; and whereas, it is neces
sary and Highly important that a full and fair
expression of nil the qualified electors of San
Francisco be secured upon the adoption or re
jection of the new charter; therefore be it
■Resolved, That the Election Commissioners
and Registrar are hereby earnestly requested
to place the words, "For the new charter," or
•■Against the new charter." at the head of the
municipal portion of the ticket; that a special
committee of five be appointed by the presi
dent of this meeting to present a certified copy
of these resolutions to the Election Commis
sioners and Registrar at their next meeting,
and to report the result to the president of thisi
meeting.
The committee consists of Joseph Brit
tan, James D. Phelan, Hugh Craig, I. J.
Truman and Hugo D. Keil.
At the Girls' High School.
The musical programme at the Girls' High
School Auditorium on Friday atternoon was
given under the direction of Mrs. \V. yon Mey
erinck, who also composed the music of the
song on the French verbs which was such en
attractive feature of the entertainment. The
words were written by one of Mrs. Howard's
French scholars, Miss Mattie 1 jams.
Blailngaine Conveyed to Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., June 13.— Lee Blasm
game, who was shot by W. 0. Corlew in
the mountains ten days ago, has been
brought to his home in this city. He is
recovering from his wounds.
Thomas Slater has ft message for every man on
poge 8. Don't fail to read it.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS
OF THE THIRTIETH
A Prosperous and Powerful
Club Matured on Demo
cratic Soil.
YOUTH TO THE FRONT.
The Tenth Ward No Longer
Solid for ths Democratic
Nominees.
ARE BANDED FOR PROTECTION.
Will Take an Active Hand in the
Coming Presidential Cam
paign.
The Thirtieth Assembly District Re
publican Club, like the "howarri," belongs
to the Tenth Ward, taking in that section
from Fifth street on the east, along Mar
ket to Seventh and Bryant street on the
south. This district had heretofore been
claimed as being absolutely Pemocratic,
and as such was considered impregnable
against an incursion of Republican forces.
But those claims and pretensions were
of the memories of the 60's and before the
young San Franciscans were of legal age
to cast their votes. Since that time, how
ever, a wonderful change has come over the
spirit end dreams of the imported Dem
ocrats whose political education had been
learned at such a mature ape as utterly
precluded the possibility of a change of
faith.
Unlike his father, however, the young
Tenth Warder learned to think for him
self, in so far as bis politics were concerned.
While he inherited ali the other good aual
ilies of his predecessors, yet he wished to
riae in the van of progressive politics and
good government— qualities be had failed
to see in the party to which his forefath
ers had pinned their faith.
As a consequence, Republican clubs
(sprang up right on Democratic soil, so to
speak, and to-day a Republican stands as
good a chance as a Democrat of being
elected to the Senate or Assembly from
the Thirtieth District, whore twenty years
ago Republicans were as scarce as black
berries in Alaska on a Christmas day.
This wonderful change has all been
brought about by the liberal policy and
protective tendency of the Republican
party and its local managers, as in con
trast to the unprogressiyeness of the old
Democratic party with its othoclox policy
of State rights and degradation to the un
fortunate individual who had to toil to
support himself and his family. The
policy of the Republican party is and has
been that labor is honorable and enti tied
to all of the rights, privilegesv ileges and protec
tion of the people and the Government.
No master-aud-servant act has ever been
known to disgrace the pages of the statute
books of a Republican State government.
Those conditions and surroundings were
seen by the young men raised in ihe Tenth
Ward, sometimes jocosely alluded to as
"south of Market street." Be this as it
may, with the growth of the young men of
that section the old party leaders of the
unterrified Democracy can no longer rely
om a sweeping majority for their candi
dates from this section.
In the Thirtieth Assembly District a Re
pnblican stands as good a chance of elec
tion as in any district on the northern
side, always provided he be a popular
good fellow with his nssociates, arid to
boot, have an irreproachable character.
With those qualifications his chances are
good, as was the case when M. W. Coffey
was elected to the Assembly from this dis
trict four years ago, against a very popu
lar Democrat.
fe But, to be successful in politics, there
must be an organization and a head to
that organization. Just like an army,
there must be one master mind at the
head to be successful in tie battle field,
and the rank and file must be trained and
disciplined in order to defeat the common
enemy.
"With tbia object in view, the Thirtieth
Assembly District Republicen Clubwasre
organized In November, 1895, preparatory
for the 1896 campaign.
Since its organization the club has held
monthly meetings at Pythhn Castle, on
Market street, at which there have been
rousing assemblages of the young staf
warts of the district.
The roll of membership shows 500 names
of the bona fide residents of the district,
some of whom are among the most rep
resentative men in the City and all of ir
reproachable standing, and still better,
closely allied to the grand principles of
the party they have espoused, and at every
election done so much for its perpetuity
as also for the improvement and advance
ment of the Citv/s interest.
The present officers of the club are: F.
E. Wallace, president: W. H. Sharp, first
vice-president; I. S. Colin, second vice
president ; T. L. Doran, secretary, and
John Gardner, treasurer. Executive com
mittee — H. Benjamin (chairman), E. B.
Griffith, J. K. Jobanson, James C. Sharp,
M. W. Coffey, I. S. Cohn and William
Page, all of whom are exceptionally bright,
active young men with irreproachable
characters and good standing in this City.
And as it is with the officers, so is it
with the members of the club. All are
excellent citizens, having the good and
weliare of the City and its people at heart.
MISSION REPUBLICANS.
Meeting of the Executive Committee of
the Thirty-Fonrtli District.
The executive committee of the Thirty
fourth Assembly Dietrict Republican Club
held a brief but important and spirited
meeting at Sixth and Mission streets Friday
evening under the direction of Chairman
Charles Mayer and Secretary S. M. Wil
liams.
In calling the meeting to order the
chairman stated that one of the most im
portant matters before the committee was
the arrangements for the participation by
the club in the ratification meeting to be
held the night following the nominations
at St. Louis.
Messrs. G. W. Elder, Cord Wetjen and
F. J. Hurst, constituting the finance com
mittee of the club, were instructed to pro
ceed to raise tne necessary funds,«nd a
committee of arrangements consisting of
EL W. Kustice, William Whan, George
Dieterle, James E. Elkington and Joseph
Becsey was given full power to act for the
proper representation of the club at the
ratification.
After the regular meeting E. W. Eustice
called a meeting of the finance committee
and committee of arrangements and it was
decided to have three transparencies, a
band and calcium lights for the line of
march, tne members to rendezvous at Six
teenth and Mission streets on the night of
the ratification.
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES
Chinese Children Will Hold a
Grand Festival Service
To-r»ay.
Unitarian Ministers to Op?n Their
Discussions With "The Minister
as a Citizen."
Nothing will be done with regard tore
organizing the Cumberland Presbyterian
Church, which used to meet in Mozart
Hall, till the California synod meets at
Winters, Yolo County, in October. It is
expected that the synod will take some
steps toward establishing a permanent
Cumberland Presbyterian church in this
City.
There will be a children's festival service
at the Chinese Presbyterian Church this
morning, conducted by the pastor, Rev.
Dr. Condit. The Chinese Native Sons will
be present in a body.
The Unitarian ministers living in the
neighborhood of San Francisco have
formed an organization Known as the
"Unitarian Association," to whose mem
bership all Unitarian ministers on the Pa
cific Coast in good standing, and any
other minister in affiliation with the same,
are eligible. It has been decided to meet
once a month, beginning on the first Mon
day in Auirust.
The next meeting will be held at the
First Unitarian Church, the subject for
discussion being "The Minister as a Citi
zen," led by Rev. N. A. Haskell of San
Jose. W. G. Eliot Jr. has been appointed
clerk of the association. The members
of the association will preside in rotation,
A new baptistry has been built in the
Christian church at Pacific Grove, in
which several people have been baptized
lately. Rev. Frank Ford i 3 the preacher
there.
Dr. Schreiber, a former occupant of Pa
cific Coast pulpits, lately held at Toledo,
Ohio, where he officiates, a confirmation
service, which was attended by representa
tives of various Christian denominations
for the first time in the history of the city.
Rabbi Sessler, formerly of Oakland, has
been unanimously re-elected, with an in
crease of salary, as rabbi of the Temple
Gates of Prayer at New Orleans.
t The annual aggregate circulation of the
newspapers of the world is estimated to be
12,000,000,000 copies, requiring 731,250 tons
of paper.
SENTENCED TO
STATES PRISON
Fate of the Striking Lath
ers Who Caused Mars'
Death.
TO SERVE ONE YEAR.
The Jury Found Them Guilty,
but Did Not Want Them
Punished.
A VERY PECULIAR VERDICT.
Judge Belcher Bslieves There Was
No Premeditated Murderous
Intention.
Despite the efforts of the jury in the case
of James Holmes, William Starr, D. Dunn,
J. D. Mcßea, Neal Collins, W. Dowling, E.
G. Waltz and Walter McCoy, the striking
lathers who on March 15 beat C. A. Mars
to death on Welcn street to protect the de
fendants from the consequences of their
crime, Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced
six of them to serve one year each in San
Quentin.
Of the others J. D. Mcßea was acquitted
and Neal Collins was granted a new trial,
it having been 'known that he endeavored
to save Mars by getting him away from
the gang.
The case has been a peculiar one. The
jury, on the evidence presented could only
bring in a verdict of guilty, but tried to
shield the defendants as much as possible.
They presented a paper which reud :
"We, the jury, iind the defendants guilty
of involuntary manslaughter, not a felony,
and recommend them to the extreme
mercy of tne court."
Afterward the attorneys for the defense
tied to introduce an affidavit signed by
the members of the jury stating that it
was neither the desira nor intention of
that body that the defendants should be
punished. Judge Belcher, however, re
fused to hear the affidavit read.
The words of the verdict were, to say the
least, confusing. Involuntary manslaugh
ter is a felony, according to the Penal
Code, and the introduction of the words
"not a felony" mixed matters, so that his
Honor took several days to consider.
Yesterday, in giving his decision, Judge
Belcher said:
The defendant J. D. Mcßea was acquitted.
I have granted the defendant Neal Collins a
NEW TO "s^l__ -,_-__^-^_ _^^ Jj-^,
O^£ BS FA 'L Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY
The Ablest and Host Successful Specialist of the Age.
THE HIGHEST GIFT TO MAN.
There is no power more highly prized by the man of intelligence and pure aspira-
tions than the power to reproduce his species. The man who does not possess this
sublime function in its full development is but a counterfeit of the true man. .
• NO MAN
Can achieve great success in any pursuit, or accomplish any noble purpose in life
whose sexual system is impaired to any great extent, whether this condition be caused
by sickness, overwork," strain of the nervous system, excesses, or vicious habits, it
matters not; the final results are total physical, mental and sexual wreck.
SHOW ME THE MAN
Who possesses heroic virtues, dauntless courage, a lofty ambition, high resolves, noble
impulses, firmness and decision of character, one that wins success in all- he under-
takes, and I will show. yon. a man whose nervous system and sexual powers are in a
strong, healthy and vigorous condition. '. - ;
THE GLORY OF MAN IS HIS STRENGTH,
And in the great battle of life he should have a brave heart and well-braced nerves,
for the fight is a long and hard one, and the weak have no chance therein. But how
many start into the fight with shattered nerves, a clouded mind and a lusterless eye;
with the vigor of youth all lost, his hopes all blasted. He wanders out into the great
' world without hope, his mind filled witlV dark thoughts of failure and distress, know-
ing that his awful condition is the result of his own folly and crime.
WHAT GREATER JOY
Could come to those broken down in health than to get cured. Think of what a happy
condition it would be to be in full possession of physical health and^rigor, to be full of
energy, grit and ambition. Such sufferers can be cured and fully restored to their
natural physical health, power and vigor.' -^ v /
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to accomplish this is to cast aside all false modesty and place yourself under
the treatment of this famous physician. , His experience in treating such diseases haa
been world-wide, his success in' effecting cures phenomenal; he has cured thousands
.of others, he CAN CURE YOU. : ,v
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city. Thousands are cured at home by means
of correspondence and medicines sent them. The poor who call at his office of Friday
afternoons are treated free. Hours: 9t012A. M. and 2to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M. Sun-
day 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
Fl Q AMY M IV 737 MARKET STREET,
■ !■■ OVV & A l\l I 9 I VI ■U, j San Francisco, Cal.
new trial, and as to him the case may ba dis
! missed, lor the evidence of ihe prosecuting
I witness shows that Collins came to warn Mars
I and his son and not to injure them. That evi
dence clearly showed that he had no intent to
do wrong, and as he was not an actual wrong
doer there is no evidence to support the ver
dict against him.
The motion of the other defendants for a
now trial has been denied. Now judgment is
to be pronounced against them. The matter
of judgment has troubled me a great deal.
Since I have been on the bench I have never
had any case before mo that has given me so
much concern.
! The prisoners were striking lathers, and
I they went to the building where Mars and his
son were engaged in lathing with the plan
and intention of compelling them by force
and numbers to quit work. They did compel
Mars and his son to quit work, and in tha
midst of the altercation assaulted and beat
them. Ordinarily, the case would have been
one of assault and battery; but the arteries of
the elder Mars wen in an atheromatous (cal
cariousaad non-clastic) condition, and blows
such as he received upon the head, which to a
person in good physical condition would not
have been productive of serious consequences,
might to a person in his condition cause the
rupture of an artery ana, as a consequence,
death. The evidence tended to show that the
mediate cause of Mars' diath was the as-
I sault upon him by the strikers.
The nets of the strikers were not within the
law. No person has any right, by violence or .
unlawful means, to prevent another from pur- *
suing a lawful trade or calling, or from doing
any other lawiul act. But the strikers intend
ed by force to make Mars and his son. quit
work— probably intended to beat them for the
sake of example— but had no intent to take
life.
But for the unintended death the facts
would ordinarily have made out a case of as
sault, and battery— an offense of a misde
meanor grade, punishable by fine or imprison
ment In the County Jail. Say there was a feud
between two men and they were to meet, and
one were to strike the other with his fist and
knock him down ; ordinarily the offense would
be assault and battery. But say the person
knocked down had heart disease and the blow
accelerated his death. Clearly the offense, as
against society, is not of the same grade — does
not require as severe punishment as where a
roan is shot and killed on the instant. In the
battery case there is an entire lack of motive
and intent to take life.
The punishment must be imprisonment in
i the State Prison, and, under the circum
stances, I thiuk it should be lor a minimum
term.
An appeal will be taken to the Supreme
Court.
POLYTECHNIC GRADUATES.
Will Render a Varied Programme aft
Odd Fellows' Hall.
The pupils of the Polytechnic High
School are taking a departure from the old
custom of holding graduating exercises at
their school building. They have almost
completed a carefully selected programme
of vocal and instrumental numbers, which,
with the addition of a well-staged farce in
three acts entitled "The Society Report
er's Christmas," will be presented to their
many friends and former classmates at
Odd Fellows' Hall to-morrow evening at
8 o'clock. The affair will be concluded
with a dance and be the occasion of the
reunion of the graduates of the school.
As the pupils receive no funds from the
department an admission fee of 50 cents
will be chamed, and judging from the
efforts of the members of the school and
of the alumni, who have the handling of
the tickets, the young lolks will meet with
deserving success in their well-merited
effort to present an attractive and enter
taining programme.
The class of 'SW is particularly fortunate
in having in itd ranks excellent talent,
who will make the entertainment and
dance an occasion that will be borne in
pleasant remembrance Dy those who at
tend.
910
CONSIDERED BIDS
FOR SUPPLIES
Prison Directors Have a
Busy Day at San
Quentin.
MANY EAGER BIDDERS.
Anxious Merchants Await the
Result of the Board's
Deliberations.
PAROLED THR£E PRISONERS.
A Lucky Trio Who Will Be Allowed
to Lay Aside the Stripes During
Good Conduct.
Yesterday was the State Prison Directors'
busy day. From early morning until the
sun commenced to sink in the west they
were figuring upon the bids which had
been submitted for supplies for the prison
at San Quentin, and even then they were
compelled to announce to an anxious group
of waiting merchants that the award of
the coal and the drug contracts couid not
be announced until after the meeting at
Folsom next Saturday. Iv order to have
yesterday clear for the consideration of
bids the board met the night before and
considered applications for parole. As a
result of their deliberations 0. Gilchrist of
San Luis Obispo, Charles Olds of San
Benito County and Guy M. Roberts of Los
Angeles County will enjoy conditioned
liberty.
There were about twenty-five merchants
present yesterday to watch the result of
their bid I.1 '. They waited in a room ad
joining the one wherein the board was in
executive session, and eagerly scanned
the schedule of accepted bids that were
handed out from time to time. These
showed the following to have been the sue- j
cessful bids:
Provisions— 2ooo lbs of California first
quality bacon, B%c, I'nelan & Fish: 500 lbs
California flat lane/ new cheese, 7%c, Phelaa &
Fish; 50 lbs California cream cheese, 10}^c,
Phelan & Fish; 10,000 lbs California first
quality codfish in|loo-lb cases, $3 37, S. Foster
& Co.; 1000 lbs first quality sugar-cured j
hams, $9 23. Western Meat Company, San i
Francisco; 1500 lbs pure lard in 20-lb pail.-;, |
St; 05, Western Meat Company; 600 lbs extra
mess meckerel in half-barrels, $9 75, Phelan
<£ Fish: 30 lb= extra mess mackerel, SX, in
10-lb kits, .18 l'helan & Fish; 5000 ibs first
quality mess pork in barrels, $10 15 per barrel,
Western Meat Company,
Beef and mutton — lbs first quality
dressed beef, equal number of forward and '
hi i. d quarters, enrcass to weigh not less than !
500 lbs net, .0435, J. a .Schweitzer; 8000 lbs |
first quality dressed mutton, whole carcass, at |
Sf-i 70, Mehl & Klein; GOO lbs first quality
dressed lard, whole carcusses, $6 25, Mehl <t \
' Klein ; 5000 ibs tallow, $3 62%; Western Meat
Company.
Flour, meal, etc.— barrels low-grade flour, j
for paste, in 100-pound sacks, $2 30. G. W. Mc-
Near; 3GOO pounds baker's extra roller-process
flour, iv 100-pound sacks, $3 14, Del .Monte j
Milling Co. ; 100 pouuds Gtwham flour, in 10
-pound sacks, $1 50, G. W. MY.War; 700 pounds
buckwheat flour, in 10-poun* sacks. $2 25, G.
W. McXear; 1900 pounds yellow cornmeal, in >
100-pound sacks, $1 50, G. W. McKear; 200 i
pounds cracked wheat, in 10-pound sacks, j
$2 05, G. W. McKear; 1200 pounds oatmeil,
in barrels, 2J^c, Phelan <fc Fish; 1200 pounds
rOHe'I UHO, imi 1 niti. "lji<-. W>»I«I> X Tlnll -
Butter and milk— 2ooo lbs fancy creamery
HEALTH AND SUMMER RESORTS.
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfceclth or Pleasure fficsorts in these columns Jiindly mention the CJiJCjC.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVF. THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•■-•• being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
. LARGE NEW SWIMMING. TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism. Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERM 5 ...... ...810 TO «15 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
>— / T^~S The Beantifnl
§t£if il Hi HOTEL
WBSI* VENDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. |In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
lake TAHOE.
MgKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake,
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
J\. new hotel, ] ist completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors: hot baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poison oak: table excellent;
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to fl2
per week. Round trip tickets, $16.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
.1 Lake; new hotel, new sanitary provisions. It
is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. Rains $8 to $12 per week. Boating
and bathing free. Brine your bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. WAMBOLD, Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co, CaL
MOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ i
Mountains. Board from 87 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, $2 50. Send for circular
to M. S. COX, Laurel, Cal.
8 HAZEL GLEN.
/-i GOD PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM- I
" 7 ny five miles from Cloverdaie; rates moderate. 1
Inquire of P. J. HEALY, 203 Powell st.
butter at 18% c, Phelan & Fish, Oakland; 1000
pounds choice pickled roil at 14c, Getz Bros.
& Co.; 9000 gallons milk at 20c, Thomas
O'Connor.
Vegetables— 3ooo pounds small white beans
in sacks at $1 33, Chrlstenson & Co. 175,000
pounds Bayo beans in sacks, $1 02, Dalton
Bros.; 8000 pounds cabbage in sacks, 52c, F.
H. Haramon ;' 2000 pounds carrots in sacks,
56c, Christenson & Co.; 7000 pounds onions in
sacks, 80c, F. H. Hammon; 570.000 pounds of
potatoes in sacks, 47c, John F. English.
Fresh fish — 1000. pounds of assorted fresh
fish la season, .0439, S. Camiolloni & Co.;
2000 pounds of crabs, alive, at 70c.
Lumber— Simpson Lumber Company re
ceived the entire con tract. Their bids were:
Oregon pine, rough, $13 50; same, T and G,
$20 50; redwood, Tough, $17; same, T and G.
$23; same, surfaced all, sides, $28; rustic,
-$24 75.
Crockery, glass, etc.— Nathan Dohrmann and
the San Francisco Crockery and Glassware
Company received the bulk of the contracts.
Baker &* Hamilton and Miller, Sloss & Scott
received scattering contracts.
Lime, cement, etc.— Henry Cowell & Co. se
cured the entire contract. The largest items
were 2000 fire brick at $28 and 500 barrels of
Santa Cruz lime at $1 30. * ;~
Flannel, cassimere and blankets— Gray, all
wool, 16 wounds per pair. 800 pairs, $2 49,
Napa Woolen Mills; S. P. cassimere, 24 ounces
per yard, 8000 yards, 64}^ rents, Levi Strauss
& Co. ; blanketing, sluice, 200 yards. $1 60,
Mariposa Woolen Mills; S. P. flannel, 28 inches
wide, 8 ounces per yard, 6000 yards, 19%
cents, San Jose Woolen Mills.
Brooms, brushes, Baker & Hamilton
received most of the contracts. S. Felderman
and Ames & Doilaud were successful on a few
'■ items each.
Tobacco— Plug smoking, 10,000 pounds,
$23 99, Oppenheimer <fe Brother; plug chew
ing, 10,000 pounds, $18 74, Wertheimer To
bacco Company; pipes, clay, 12 boxes, 99
cents, H. Levi & Co.
Groceries— Coffee, 15,000 pounds. $15 72,
Mau, Sadler & Co. ; coffee, Java, 2000 pounds,
19'<j cents, Phelan & Fist; crackers, soda,
1500 pounds, 4.8 cents, 3. Foster & Co.; cream
tartar, pure, 800 pounds. 26 cents, H.
Levi &\ Co.; prunes. 70s to 80s, 2000
pounds, $3 15, Jones <& Co.; pepper, biack,
1800 pounds, 46 cents, S. Foster & Co.;
rice, 11,000 pounds, $2 36, Jones & Co.; salt,
Liverpool, 30,000 pounds, $13. New Liver-
I pool Salt Company; salt, half ground, 15,000
! pounds, $12, New Liverpool Salt Company;
soap, chemical olive, 10,000 pound", H. Levi
& Co. ; sugar, 10,000 pounds, $536 25, H. Levi
& Co. sugar, golden C, 40,000 pounds, $444,
I Jones & Co.; tea, black, 3000 pounds, $825,
Phelan & Fish ; vinegar, 2000 gallons, 6 cents,
; Mau, Sadler & Co. The minor contracts were
about evenly divided among the firms com
peting.
Photographic supplies— Hirsch, Kahn & Co.
; were the sole bidders and were awarded the
i entire contract.
I Dry goods, clothing, etc. — canvas, 500
yards, 8% cents, Levi ""Strauss & Co.; canton
I flannel, unbleached, 12,000 yards, 6% cents,
Levi Strauss & Co. ; enssimere, citizen's, double
width, 1000 yard--, 92}4 cents, Lev: Strauss &
, Co.; hickory shirting, 1000 yards, Scents, Levi
Strauss & Co. The contracts for buttons, pins,
buckles, etc., were about evenly divided be
tween Levi Strauss & Co. and Murphy. Grant
& Co.
; Barley, oats, hay, etc. — Bran, in sacks, eight
tons, $14, J. G. Johnson; oats, in sacks. No. 1
feed, 20,000 pounds, 97}^ cents, Del Monte
Milling Company; cracked corn, in sacks,
; chicken feed, $110, Golden Eagle Milling
! Company; comment, in sacks, chicken feed,
2000 pounds, $1 10, Golden Eagle Milling
Company; straw bedding, 300 bales, 59 cents,
Myrtilßlum; wheat, in sacks, chicken feed,
3000 pounds, $1 10, Del Monte Milling
Company. , i 1
Paints, oil, etc.— Fuller & Co., jute, oil,
paints, varnishes, colors, turpentine, putty,
machine oils, cylinder oils, glass. Co burn &
Tevis, compounds, glue, paris white. Mack &
Co., chloride of lime, salsoda, concentrated
lye.
Leather findings, etc.— Contracts for the ma
! jority of items were awarded to C. C. Nichols.
; Dolliver Bros, and Main & Winchester received
some contracts. •■■'
Stationery— The H. S. Crocker Company was
the most successful in this class. Son Bros,
received some contracts.
Dr. Briggs' Address to Young Men.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock in the new build
ing of the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis streets, Rev. R. J. Briggs,
D.D., will deliver a special address to young
men exclusively. Dr. Briggs, who is pastor of
Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church, will
speak on a special and important theme ap
propriate to young men.
•-— « — ■»
Willie Stayart Mar Die.
Willie Stayart, about 12 years of age, living
at 117 Henry street, -while climbing a euca
lyptus tree fell about fifteen feet and fractured
his skull. He was rendered unconscious and
is now in a very critical condition.
■■ i « . ♦' «,
Registration In Slow.
■ Registrar lunton reported that 128 voters
registered yesterday. The registration so far
(hi., -rear riftoon .lays, in all la oul) 3103, fIS
against 7100 for the first fifteen days of 1894.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
IjXICE COUNTY, CAIj.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
springs.. -• ,
New • hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco It i costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are »1 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to 16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Hail way via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st,
f% IS ff% n a ff\ ff\ hot springs,
llfl IB if I XT I I Monterey coun "
H lbs n M l O U Carlsbad of
I n II n lull.- ffigsujs"
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the rotate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoffice. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yon Bern There Lately?
. 1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. . Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, N»pa Soda Springs
P. O. ■■. , -■ -,?.; ''. -■ - . ,- .
WHEN ■ " UK"! AH
VISITINO UIYI/\II
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FOKSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mHJS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in. Ukiah,' and it is headquarters for
tourists., * . ('■' ■ -
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive .at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to anrt from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. .
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cat.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
llghtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofflce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and 912 per week.
;'. VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.'
* JOS. F. BEKTKAXU, Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor st., Fridays, 'I to 4 p. m.
HOTErTASTLAND"
Mill Valley, Maria County, .=..> '
■VTOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
li sort. ' : • MRS. J. J.CULLEN, Prop.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ncHATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING.., BATHING AND
H camping out witn : the boys, and never had
such a good time . before in my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going into business again. I tell you that is the
place to go to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. McMATH,
Hull vide, CttL
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
Scene in B'nai E»rith Hall Last Night at the Grand Ball of the Ex-Firemen of San Francisco.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
NO BELL ALARMED THEM
Ex-Firemen's Association Gives
a Grand Inaugural
Ball.
B'nai B'rith Hall the Scene of Ele
gant Hospitality— Tasteful Deco
rations.
The ex-members of the paid fire depart- |
ment gave their inauguration ball at
B'nai B'nth Hall last night undei; the
most promising auspices.
Seldom, if ever, has this hall been more
elaborately or handsomely decorated than
it was last night. Every inch of the front
facing the gallery was most tastefully fes
tooned with streamers of red, white and
| blue artistically interwoven in graceful
loops and folds, giving a most pleasing ef
fect to the tasteful frescoing which has
been recently added to the ceiling.
The center chandelier was encircled
with similar colors to tbose on the gal
lery and walls underneath, while the plat- :
form, where the musicians were stationed, !
was marvelous in itself. Old Glory adorned
each side with its silken texture, while just
above the vision line of the poles which
supported it in place and a little in the
background were two life-size oil paintings
of the firemen's idols, David Scannell and
Jim Kiley, both of whom have answered
to the trumpet call on the golden shores.
This display, with an unlimited flood of
electric lights, made one of the very pret
GIIROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Kegsiin Health— Where the Tourist
May Regale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Rest, .Refreshment ana Kelaxation,
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hill- Are Clothed in '.ariuents
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never t,ifts His
(ihaatly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
i- Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
SSf Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SAKTA CATALISI ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
«-> coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding,' dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For fall information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cat.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, BTTUATEJD ON CLEAR LAKBS,
is most picturesque. Soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting -to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping ■ grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams. Selgler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $6 50; round trip, 910. ! Spe-
cial rates for families, a. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Kr-lseyville, Lake County, Cat. •
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
"6^ COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For infornatlou address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL >
\TOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX THE
-L' season: sail and fresh water bathing,* hunting,
fishing and boating: redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G.W.MORGAN, '
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL.
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
WILL BE OPKN FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakvllle, Napa County, Cal. ' . - -
TUSCAN SPRINGS. :
• • Prices within the reach of all. I Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. *. For rates and fare apply to : - . v
W. J. O'NJSIIX, 132 Sixth St.
tiest hall scenes to behold. Added to all
this, the moving figures of lovely women,
attired in bright ball-dresses, with snow
white arms, and the manly male figures
of those who in their day battled with the
all-destructive element which spares
neither the property of the rich or the
poor when are once started, added still
more attraction to the entire scene.
Socially and financially the maiden ball
of the ex-Firemen's Association was a
decided success.
The oflicers and members of this infant
society, to whom credit must be given for
its success, are:
President, James Ward; vice-president,
George Smith; second vice-president, Law
rence Dunn Br. : recording secretary, V. de
Martini; financial secretary, \V. Hopkins; cor
responding secretary, J. Tiedemann; treas
urer, W. Casey; attorney, A. A. Friedlamler.
Executive committee— W. Casey (chairman),
P. Donnelly, P. Sullivan, W. Tannian, b.
Kendricks, F. Dugan, W. H. Brown, J. Me-
Cauley, J. Linegar. Investigiting committee—
R. E. Connors, J. Finn, George Bridgewood, L.
Hoiz ami J. Buchanan.
The arrangement committee, to whom
full power had been delegated, were: W.
Casey, V. de Martini, W. Hopkins and J.
Ward.
The arraneement of the floor was en
trusted to M. Lowenfeldt, who left noth
ing undone to make it pleasant for those
who participated in the dances. His as
sistant, W. H. Brown, was as effi
cient as the principal. These with the
floor committee — J. Tiedman, A. A. Fried
lander, C. Kennedy and L. Dunn Jr. —
left nothing undone in their line.
The reception committee, with James
Buchanan as its chairman, assisted by L.
Fentsmacher, J. Egan, T* Dunn Sr., W.
Cronin, J. McCarthy, P. W. Sullivan, J.
Finn. G. Bricigewood, Jeff Martinet, and
W. Winthrop, saw to it the guests were
properly escorted to the parlors set apart
for their reception.
The appearance of Grandpa Sol over the
summit of Mount Diablo notified the par
ticipants that it was Sunday morning and
time to seek their respective homes, which
ARESTFULOUTING
Where pleasure and health come
as from a font— You'll find it
AT >ETN A SPRINGS.
Swimming baths, tub baths, hotel, clubhouse,
recreation of all kinds.
'lake 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena, stage leaves there at 10 a. m., stopping
at Angwlnsfor lunch, but no long wails as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the Springs at
10 a. M.— r.o getting np at sa. m. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, *7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week.
For further Information call at 318 Battery St.,
San Francisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager, Udell P. 0., Napa County, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, coldest water, good shooting; line trout fish-
ing near by; regular mall; table supplied with the
best in the market; vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance and fares— Buy round-trip ■ ticket, $12
(unlimited), nt ofUce of S. F. and N. P. ■ Railroad.
Rail to Ukiah, thence by Berryhills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to Sanhedrin. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. For further i particulars address L.
B. FRaSIKR, Sanhedrin, or LADD'S GUN-
STORE, 9 Third st., San Francisco.
fIT 7" I finn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V V A I■l ■ V County, only 4% hours from
\ IV II ITIT \ Han Francisco; but 9 miles
11 IV 11 II 1 1 11 staging:, new road through
">»**** VI VI W canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fah'r.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- .
greeable winds; moS'iuitOM and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. v. Hound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall and express.
Bates $12 a week; baths free. • ■ . '
' -■■■ J. f. MULGREW, Proprietor. '
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR ! HEALTH. REST
AND PLEABURE; no staging; %-mUe from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Hoda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars. •
• -MOUNTAIH
The Recognized Family Summer Resort,
in the Santa Crux ■ Mountains. ■ . .. ,
" Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt- '
ing. ■ New, dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, Htaee at lladrone " every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.' '
:..■■{■ VIC POKCELET, Llagas. CaL
i (SO to ;[• II springs,
WO MILES >'ROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
X County, for jour health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and.mineial baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; view. Furnished cot-'
. tapes to rent. (Plenty of amusements." Free dus
to 7:30 train frtm San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. ; Terms. $10 per week. "->«- ':.
_._.. •r - O. HOWELL, President.
. Telephone at Postofflce. ■ .
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER;
■ QUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; lar|e grounds; fruit and flowers. » Ad
dresiiP. O. boi2ati. . - • .
they did, evidently well pleased with their
attendance at the ex-h'remen's first ball.
USED A PAPER-CUTTER.
Curioim Tarn in the Ca«e of Frank Me-
Neil, Charged With Assault
to Murder.
The case of Frank McNeil, painter,
charged with assault to murder upon
Frank Rankin in the saloon of Mrs.
O'Grady, Natoma and Mary streets, has
not yet been decided by Judge Campbell.
The Judge had continued the case till yes
terday, so as to decide whether to hold
McNeil for assault to murder or assault
with a deadly weapon. He decided to
hold McNeil on the former charge in
$10,000 bonds.
Neither Attorney Long, for the prosecu
tion, nor Attorney Gallagher, for the de
fendant, was present, and when the latter
heard of the Juuge's decision he hurried
to the court and demanded that the case
be reopened.
Mrs. O'Grady, he said, had been sum
moned as a witness ior the prosecution,
but she had not been put on the witness
stand because her testimony was favorable
to the defendant. Besides, he wished to
put the defendant on the stand.
The request was granted and McNeil
gave his testimony. He said he was in
bed when Rankin, Mrs. O'Grady and her
daughter Minnie came upstairs. He
heard them quarreling and Rankin threat
ening violence to Mrs. O'Grady. Then hd
heard Rankin choking Mrs. O'Grady and
he jumped r*ut of bed and ran to her
assistance. Rankin attacked him with a
hatchet and in defending himself he cut
Rankin on the face with a paper-cutter.
He denied using a razor.
Attorney Long not being present to
cross-examine McNeil, and as it was con
sidered necessary to have the evidence of
Mrs. O'Grady, the case was continned till
to-morrow.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
XJ Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchant! scenery, about 1000 feet above i
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage ot 460 feet south.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the aikochaly-
beate class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES, ESPECIALLY DE-
SIGNEIi iOR HiALTii AND COMFORT, i
ALL modern improvements; .electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, 10 to $15 per week: only 2^ hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management. '•
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4). Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Klim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week; tents, , $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. ,
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
< Cazadero, Cal. .
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address-
JOSEPH LUTTRINUEK, Meavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. .
INVERNESS.
f NVERNESS, MARIN COUNTY— C A
-L privileges to rent, and lota for sale; situated
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water batning;
water 16 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives: shooting and fish-
ing; within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad, - stages meet trains. Apply
11 to 2 daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51. . - .
ASTORG SPRLXG MINERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTHS
X cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended < by thousands ■in four
months in this city : Ino agents. A. ASTOKO, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook -Hotel, Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. ■ : ■ '■''■"■
SARATOGA SPRINGS, ;
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in State; 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates,
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS. Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal. , ,
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEAKT OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families;' stage meets
morning train; terms, from $7 to $10. Address
JOSEPH LINDSEY, tilenwood, Cal.
URIAH STABLES AS D i STAGE COMPASY,
MILLER, PROPRIETOR. UOODTURN-
. outs for commercial men, tourist Mid fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. . Vichy Springs stage mees all
trains. Daily * stage for - t lue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
THE POLYTECHNIC
WINS THE DAY.
But the Lowell High
School Showed Good
Athletes.
EMBRYO COLLEGE YELLS
Augur Well for the Future
Stanfordites and
Berkeleyites.
LONG-HAIRED MAU THE LION.
Comes Off Track and Field With
His Sweater Covered With
Silver Medals.
The Olympic Athletic Club grounds were
running over yes terday with the embryo
collegiate. The event was the intercollegiate
field day between the Polytechnic High
Scnool and th» Lowell High School. The
tirst-named school carried off the honors
of the day. The final summing up of
points gave 75 to 56 in favor of the Poly
technic.
The 'rah, 'rah, 'rahswere perhaps a little
premature in relation to the attitude of
studies, but they were given nevertheless
with a strength of Jung and a distinctness
of enunciation that was heard clear down
to the Panhandle. Fair and enthusiastic
co-eds in the grand stand waved their
miniature parasols and shouted with shrill
feminine sweetness for their favorites,
while juvenile athletes with football bangs
half-developed did their utmost on the
field and track to win glory and co-ed ad
miration. They all did well and it was a
good imitation of the more serious colle
giate field day.
Perhaps the one most shouted over was
Mau of the Polytechnic; he tooK part in
almost every event and came out at the
end fresh as he entered, with the front of
his sweater glittering with newly won
medals.
The bicycle events were all two-mile
heats and were run in good style. The
best time was made by Russ of the Lowell
High School, his time being 5;45.
Tab r of the Lowell whirled around and
threw the hammer bO feet 2 inches. This
was not beaten, although O'Connor of the
same school came within two feet of
Taber's mark.
Mau of the Polytechnic gave his long
hair a vicious pull, screwed up his face and
jumped; with the help of a vaulting pole,
9 feet hieh. This could not be beaten.
Mau was also the victor in the broad jumD,
flying through the air 19 feet 1^ inches,
and the way he straddled the hurdles in
the 220-yard dash made more than one
little co-ed heart flutter.
In the grand sta^id a solitary bugle blew
changes on the calls of victory and charge.
This belonged to the P. H. S. A shrill fife
of the L. H. S. a few rows below whistled
"A Girl I Left Behind Me" defiance when
ever the Lowell boys panted in winners.
The principal thing heard out among
the athletes was: "Here, Franklin, come
here and slap my lees, will you? My
muscles are getting ftiff"; or, "Say, give
me a gargle; my throat's thick." Above
all these sounds, though, resounded the
report of the starter's pistol. Whenever it
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods !
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now nnder the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN E. CHACE, offers ail these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
CAIA¥ERAS_BIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among the
Sequoias is Now Open.
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FlSH-
ins. Postofflce and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street.
S. F., Agents.
VILLA LA JOTA,
. Howell Mountain. Napa County.
mHAT BEAUTIFUL STONE-BUILT RESI-
-L dence will be let for the summer, with board,
on very reasonable terms; also two Furnished
Cottages. Postofflce, Long-distance Telephone and
Swimming Tank within half a mile.
T. ALGERNON ELWELL,
Angwin, Napa County. California.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NKW MANAGEMENT.
RATES $2 TO $a 50 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
week: all baths free.
W. H. HARRIS. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, SISKIYOU COUNTT. CAL, A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
SUHIER BOARD NEAR 6ILROV.
A PLEASANT HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
gnnt climate, fishing, hunting and scenery.
Low price.
Terms of "W. T. TKOMBL.Y, Gilroy.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURL lIBAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. tfOITT.
Holtt's School reopens August 4.
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine sprine water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. STU-
BKNRaUSCH, box 169, >apa; Cal.
IVi-.itai.jj^ RANCH— ON THK BANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terras. ?7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
T BELMOST, BAN MATED COUNTY.
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 8 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
went off every co-ed on the stand would
duck her head and apply her fingers to
her ears.
The track captains were N. F. Titus, L.
H. S., and F. # Hammer, P. H. S. The re
mainder of the officers were as follows:
Referee— Phil Wand, O. A. C. Judges at
finish— Frank Triest, P. H. S., president Poly
technic Alumni; P. T. Tompkins, L. H. 8.; C.
S Pope.L. S. J. U. Field judges— C. H. Ham,
P H 9 • W. P. Drum, L. H. S. ; S. T. Pope, U. C.
Timers— V. R. H. Webster, P. H. S.; P. Mc-
Intvre O A. C; B. Coffin, O. A. C. Starter—
L Gill, 6. A. C. Judge of walking— Horace
Coffin O. A. C. Announcer— F. J. McCormick,
L H S Clerks of course— C. Turner, P. H. S. ;
o' H Hahn. L. H. S. Measurers— J. C. Cole
man,' L. H. B.: J. O'Loughlen P. H S. ; F.
(Jnrdner PH S. FieiJ marshals— A. Easton,
P h S • E Robinson, L. H. S.; E. Cosgriff,
p" H S • H Bai'ey, L. H. S. Scorers— H.
Hauser, P. H. S. ; F. English, L. H. 8.
The following are the events as they
were ran :
Event I— loo-vnrd dash (trial heats): First
heat-Won by Man. P. H. S. ; second, Aus
pacher, L. H. 8. Time, 11 sec. Second heat
\Von by Taber, L. H. S. ; second, Titus, L. H. S.
Event 11-440-yard dash : Won by Hammer
P. H. S.; second/Smith, P. H.S. Time, 60 4-5
Se Eventlll-120-vnrd hurdle (trial heats) : Fir7t
heat-Won Dy Pope. P- H. S ; second, Taber.
Time, 20 see. Second heat-Won by Mau; sec
ond. Grant, P. H.S. Time, 19 sec.
Event IV-880-yard run: Won by Pitchford,
P. H. S. ; second. Shaw. L. H. S. ; third, W haley,
L. H. S. Tme, 2:09 4-5. . M
Event V-100 yardu (final): Won by Mauj
second, Anspasher ; third, Titus. Time, lO^s-ec.
Event Vl— l2o-yard hurdle, final: Won by
M>iu: second, Pope; third, Grant Time,
19 4-5 sec
Event Vll— Two-mile bicycle, trial: First
heat-Won by Russ, L. H.S; time, 5:45. »©.
ond heat— Won by Woener, L. H. S. ; time, b: 15.
Third heat— Won by Rudolph, L. H. S.; time,
Eveu't V111— 220-yard dash, trial: First
heat— Won by Anspncher; second, Dykes, P.
H. S.; time, 26 2-5 sec. Second heat— Won by
Taber; second, Riccomi, P. H. S.; time, 2b sec.
Exhibition r»ce— First, O'Coffin; second,
Jane. Time, 1:18 3-5.
Event IX— Mile run: Won by Shaw; second,
Whaley; third, Kroenke, P. H. S. Time,
5:32 1-5.
Event X— 22o-yard hurdle (trial): Firstheat:
Won by Mau; second, Pope, P. H. S. Time,
31 2-5 sec.
Event Xl— Mile walk: Won by Walsh, L. H.
S. ; second, Ai t ken. Time, 7 :49 2-5.
Event X11— 220-yard dash (final): Won by
Dykes; second, Taber; third, Auspacher.
Time, 25 1-5 sec.
Event XIII— 2-mile bicycle (final): Won by
Russ; second, Woerner; third, Rudolph.
Time, 6 mm.
Event XIV— 22O-yard hurdle (final): Won
by Mau; second, Grant. Time, 31 sec.
Event XV— Relay race: Won by P. H. S.;
second. L. H. S. Time, 3:35>£.
FIKLD EVENTS.
Event l—Hish jump: Won by Mau; second.
Grant; third, Montgomery. Distance, 5 feet
3% inches.
Event ll— Shotput: Won by Nathan, P. H.
S. ; second, Hani, L. H. S. ; third, l*ope. Dis
tance, 33 feet J*J inch.
Event Hl— Broad jump: Won by Mau; sec
ond, Taber; third, Grant. Distance, 19 feet
V-A inches.
Event IV— Pole vault: Won by Mau; second,
Grant; third, Moeller, L. H. S. Distance, 9
feet.
Event V— Hammer throw: Won by Taber;
second, O'Connor; third, Nathan. Distance,
80 feet 2 inches.
QUIET REPUBLICANS.
The County Committee Increase—Head
quarters for the State Executive
Body to Be Secured.
In Republican circles little has occurred
to excite the interest of party workers
since tne County Committee resolved to
double its membership. Since the regular
meeting last Thursday evening Chairman
Manwarint; nas received no end of letters
and personal suggestions concermne the
merits of men who are willing to serve on
the committee. He says that he will give
all the recommendations iair considera
tion and Dot announce the new appoint
ments in haste.
At the Union League CluD quiet reigns.
Chairman Fcank McLaughlin has gone to
his seaside cottage at Santa Cruz and will
probably remain there until the carnival
is over. He is on a committee with Harry
Gray, M. R. Higgins and Cornelius O'Con
nor to select campaign headquarters. The
selection of rooms will probably be made
within the next four or five days.
Next Tuesday a private wire will be run
into the main room of the Union League
Club, so members can get a summary of
events at the St. Louis convention.
"Absolutely the finest fishing In the West"—
Forest and Stream.
LAKE/TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open this season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. . Rates $15 to 921 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1, .
RATES... $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great reductions in fare to r allac this season.
The steamer " 1 allac " carries its patrons free of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
Hound trip ticket from San Francisco, Oakland,
San Jose. Lathropand Stockton, sl6; Sacramento.
$13 SO; £anta Barbara and Los Angeles, $3H 50.
Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
$3 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE A CO., pronrietors.
■ Send for illustrated circular,
For route and further Information inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
RIOLE ORCHARD, STONY BROOK CAN-
yon, 35 miles from city: high altitude; fine
climate and scenery; good board: home coooking:
$6 to $8 per week. Particulars 2023V2 Mission st.
UMMER BOARDF.RS WANTED AT SIOUX-
O tain Park; excellent trout fishing, hunting:
fruits, cream: $5 a week. F. W. LKHAIAX, Cam-
bria, San Luis Obispo County, Cal.
FOR RENT-CHEAP; FURNISHED HOUSE;
, -T piano: will accommodate I*2 persons; near sta-
tion. Address C. H. 8.. Perms Grove, Cal.
NEWLY FURNISHED MODERN COTTAGE;
IN near Vendome Hotel; 5 rooms; rent $27;
water free. 643 San Pedro St., San Jose.
PAMPERS* CLOTH SIGNS CHEAP. REPORT
\J printing and signs. HILL, 22% Geary it.
/"COMPLETELY FURNISHED COTTAGES OP
\J 6 rooms: also 10 partly furnished. 3 to 5 rooms
each, at Glen Ellen, Sonoma Comity. Address
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 Market at.
SKYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN'S,
would like a few boarders: new house, adjoin-
ing church and Postofflce; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. H. M. CLOUGH, Sky-
land, Santa Cruz County, CaL' "
MONTE VISTA— THIS DKLIGHTFUL RE-
sort in the Sierra pines is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. Send for illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table and the new attractions of
1896, "to C. E. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZ W.D. manager, Dutch Flat, Cal.
OTEL VICTORIA. SONOBA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; uear nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet: the pleasure and
hoalth seekers' paradise: the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
BISON, lessee.
OTEL DEL MAR-OX THE SEASHORE; 20
minntes'-ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect- tabla unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
in" fishing: buses mcc all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room 29,
Maze building. S. F. ■
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion buili
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
p. p., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes,
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FE£T ELEVA-
tIon; good rooms and first-class board; terms
$6 per week. :. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County. ■
riROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
IJ plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. | Address Brookalde, Napa.
UMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE IN PRl-
vate family; pleasant rooms; large grounds;
references required. Address P. O. box 22
ypress lawn FRUIT farm-good TA-
\J ble; home comforts. T. H. EP..KY, Napa, Cal.
fP3&ISP£ 2?™ BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
Uniu>d .States or Canada one year for $1 60, poet-
age free.- '■■ . - ■HOW CORBETT
SPENDS THE DAY
He Takes Breakfast With
His Proud Father Every
Morning.
FOND OF STRAWBERRIES
Sharkey Will Train a Little
To-Day, and He May Attend
Church.
COEBETT WILL TAKE IT EASY.
The Sunday Programme of the Pugilists
Will Comprise a Little Work
and Much Rest.
The programme for James J. Corbett's
day now has several regular features and a
few variations. The regular things are
training to get into condition, and,
strangely enough, strawberries. The vari
ations are the amusements which he seeks
in the evening.
The champion takes breakfast with his
father every morning. Both look forward
to the daily meetings with much pleasure.
It has been a long time since the world's
champion heavy-weight pugilist has sut
in the grateful shade of the paternal roof
tree, especially since he won the honors
that he now wears. Of course Corbett
t>ere is very proud of Corbett fils, and he
will have the best seat when "the boy"
faces Sharkey in an attempt to put him
put in four rounds before the National
Athletic Club one week from next Wednes
day night.
The champion's daily training prac
tically begins with the morning meal in
Hayes Valley, as it is down on the regular
programme of exevcises. George Green,
otherwise known to fame as "Young Cor
bett," one of his trainers, meets the cham
pion every morning about 8:30 at his
hotel— the St. Niciiolas. They take the
car up Hayes street and a hearty meal is
leisurely disposed of, interspersed with
plenty of conversation. Gre n does not
act as the audience at the morning meal,
either. He is right in the middle of it,
the same as Corbett.
The champion is passionately fond of
strawberries — strawberries and cream,
strawberries and sugar or simply straw
berries alone. But he is not permitted to
indulge his craving for the red and lus
cious fruit to the fi 1, because he is in
training, and is being dieted aud restricted
to some extent in what be eats and drinks.
To deceive this insatiable appetite for
strawberries Corbett does not begin his
breakfast with them. The cause is that if
he started in on strawberries he is not
likely to want or have room for anything
cisc, so the berries come iast, and the end
of the break ?ast table is redolent ot their
fresh, sweet odor. It seems to permeate
the steak or chops and eggs which come
first and give them a sort of a strawberry
flavor. Corbett is permitted coffee for
breakfast.
After the morning meal is over tbey take
the cars for the Olympic Athletic Club on
Post street, where Corbett is training. By
that time it is likely to be 11 or 11:30
o'clock, and after climbing into their
trunKs, for that is about all tbey wear, the
champion and Green get leisurely down to
work. They take it easy at first, but warm
up to considerable active work before the
gymnastics are over.
Tue exercise concludes about 2 o'clock.
Then the champion takes a plunge in tue
big salt-water tank, and after a good rub
down gets into his clothes, tak^s his
walking - stick and goes out into tne
crowaed streets. He s»pends the remainder
of the afternoon at his brother's saloon
chatting with friende, or takes a short ex
cursion to the Cliff House, or some other
resort.
In the evening he dine 3 with Mrs. Cor
bett. He has pretty much what he likes
for dinner. Later they ko to a theater or
some other place of amusement. The Cor
bett day closes with a supper after the
play, for midnight in a great city finds the
champion pretty close to bed wuen he lias
the serious and somewhat uncertain busi
ness of a pugilistic encounter before ni.
Yesterday he went throu.h the Usual
bag-punching and machine exercise before
the usual number of interested spectators.
Green says Corbett is limbering up and
that he got around on his pins and worked
with his arms in better style than he has
done yet since he began to train. The ex
ercise was not very violent yesterday ow
iiie to a little medicine which the cham
pion took. There is nothing alarming in
the fact that he took a pill or two.
The sparring was omitted yesterday.
Scuffling around over the floor with
••Young Corbett" took the place of it.
This being Sunday the gymnasium will
be the scene of a little exercising in the
forenoon only. The afternoon will be
spent in rest or pleasure. Corbett may co
to church, but he had not decided yester
day what church he would attend.
Thomas Sharkey attracts a bigger crowd
of spectators daily while he is in train
ing from 1:30 to 4 o'clock in the Acme
Club in Oakland. The doors are kept
looked and a guard stands at the head of
the stairs, but ttiey slip in somehow. Ex
pression of opinion among them is to the
effect that tlie sailor lad is physically well
endowed for the serious coutest that he
has undertaken.
Sharkey is working hard and is deter
mined to get into the best possible s.ape
if diligent, conscientious training will do
it. He kept a tow 1 handy yesterday to
wipe away the great beads of perspiration.
He played handball and punched the bae
with a vigor that excited the admiration
of all beholders. He has a good left, and
if he gets in on the champion with one of
the right-hand drives or swings that
stunned tue ball, the champion is likely to
find himself groggy. That Sharkey is
going to try to do just that thing there is
no room to doubt.
He is training not to run away, but to
fight, and it is fighting that the -ailor lad
says he is goin^ to do. He says that all
he wants is one or two good cracks at the
champion, and if he lands on the cham
pion's body as he expects to Sharkey
Bays it v.ill be all over with Coroett.
He raised his training somewhat yester
day by taking a small dumbbell in each
baud and striking out into the air at an
imaginary foe. All the blows were
directed slightly upward as though to
st. ike a chin a little hinher in the air than
his own. He also took some dumbbell ex
ercise.
Trainer McMath says Siiarkey will
likely attend church tins morning. He
will train about an iiour in the f renoon.
Trainer Nftedham s-ays Sharkey is get
ting into fine shape and that he is feeling
fit to make a hard fight.
WILL GET A PERMIT.
The Occidental Club Offers to Make
a Generous Donation to
Charity.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors decided on Friday to recom
mend that the Occidental Clud be granted
a permit for its exhibition, to take place
on July 2, and that two more permits that (
were asked for be left to take their regular
course through the board.
Young Mitchell appeared as the manager
of the club and offered to give $400 to
charity and pay the $300 license for exhi
bitions if three permits were granted him.
He agreed to increase the amount to be
donated to cliarity in case the affairs are a
financial success.
The committee thought favorably of the
affair scheduled for July 2, and instructed
Mitchell to address the trustees of the
Robinson bequest fund on the subject ol
the amount to be given to charity.
m
A Challenge From L>oa Angeles.
"Kid" O Brien of Los Angeles has sent
to The Call a challenge to any 133-pound
man in California to meet him ten or
more rounds before any club which shall
hang up a substantial purse, or for a side
bet.
A PUBLIC PARK.
The Mission Defense Union Wants the
Old Jewish Cemetery Purchased
for That Purpose.
The Mission Defense Union held a meet
ing at its hall, corner of Guerrero and
Twenty-first streets, last evening, Judge
Van Reynegom presiding in the absence
of the president, John H. Grady.
A communication was received from the
Merchants' Association asking that the
union, in common with other clubs, ap
point two delegates to a convention to be
held in the interests of the new City char
ter. The request was received with en
thusiasm and the Mission Defense Union
pledge! itself to work with all its power
for the adoption of the charter. The mat
ter of the appointment of the delegates
went over to the next meeting.
A resolution was then adopted asKing
the Board of Supervisors to make
an appropriation for the purchase
of a buildiug and lot, and also
to take all necessary steps toward
the establishing of a high school in the
Mission. Tne chairman stated ttat there
were many advanced pupils in their local
ity who could not travel across the City
twice per day to attend the present High
Schools. It would be better, he said, to
establish a high school grade in the
Horace Mann school building, which is
situated in the Mission, than do without
that much-needed educational depart
ment.
The question of securing the old Jewish
Cemetery lots for a public park was dis
cussed at the meeting, and it was resolved
to bring the matter before the Board of
Supervisors. It was thought that the two
lois could be purchased at a reasonable
price, and there was no question that a
public park should be given the Mission.
The old cemetery tract was in a sheltered
locality and was otherwise a fitting place
for the purpose. The Mission Defense
Union is the largest and most progressive
improvement club in the City, possessing
a membership of over 800 influential
people. _____________
PAINTERS MAY STRIKE
The Employers Retaliate by
Cutting Wages to $2 50
a Day.
Programme of the Combine Divulged
to the Men, Who Meet It
Prompt y.
The union painters of this City are likely
to have more trouble on their hands within j
forty- eight hours, for present appearances
indicate that there will be strikes ordered
in several shops by noon to-morrow.
A threatened reduction of wages is the
cause. Several months ago the Painters'
Union ordered a general strike for a recoa:- |
nition of the union and a minimum wage
of $3 a day— of eight hours. After a hotly
contested fight th j practically won.
Among the first to yield was J. St. Denis
& Co. and he promised the union not to
break his agreement to recognize the
union's demands without giving due
notice. Last week he told the officers of
the union that half a dozen boss painters
had decided to reduce the wages to $2 50
a day, the change to take effect to
morrow, Monday morning.
He said that in order to compete in busi
ness with these men he, too, would be
obliged to make a similar cut.
The union held a special meeting last
evening and several members expressed
their appreciation of the fairness of St.
Denis in his treatment of the union.
After considerable discussion th« union
decided to stana by the union rules and
not to submit to any reduction.
A committee, consisting of J. W. Rose,
J. Cokeley and J. Griffin, was appointed
to make an investigation of the shops and
find in which reductions would be made.
The first attempt to cut wages will re
suit in a strike, and the men in every shop
where the union rules are not" lived up to
will be ordered to walk out.
To what extent this trouble will go is
difficult at present to surmise. President
Rose last evening stated that from what
he could 1 -arn a number of the boss
painters had formed a combination to cut
their employes' wages and had decided to
push the thing through with a rush. It is
the determination of the union to meet
the rush by the counter-move— a strike.
THE COMING TAX-LEVY
Real Estate Owners Anxious to
Avert a Raid on Prop
erty.
The Grand Jury Will Consider the
Subject To . Morrow
Night.
The Grand Jury's determination to do
everything within the range of its power
to prevent the imposition of an increased
tax levy is regarded with groat favor by
the taxpayers. Owners of real estate are
especially anxious that some firm measure
should be adopted at once to check
municipal extravagance.
At the special meeting of the jury next
Monday evening many important com
munications on the subject will be sub
mitted. By that time the expert, Horace
Dunn, may have a report to show definite
ly wher ein the proposed estimates are ex
travagant.
The fact is taken into account that the
City must provide a large sum of money
for registration and election expenses.
The law as it stands now requires many
safeguards to protect the voters, and the
expense of hiring clerks, providing
polling-booths, counting the ballots ana
making returns is not a small item. It is
thereiors essential to keep other allawences
down to the limit of reasonable economy
in order to provide means for the election
without increasing the aggregate cost of
local government over that of the present
year.
Members of the Grand Jury are con
vinced by statements coming to them
from all classes of the community that the
City cannot stand another high tax levy.
Building enterprises contemplated must
be abandoned it a tax raid is to come.
Men who have shown a disposition to in
vest money are becoming alarmed at the
prospect of a ruinous Jevy. Their fears
nave been communicated to the Grand
Jury, with the hope that something can
be done to promote confidence in building
anu real estate circles.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
COWS' LATEST
BIT OF FINESSE.
Why the Transcontinental
Rates Were Not Ad
vanced Last May.
FUNDING BILL AT STAKE
Such a Course Would Have Seri
ously Affected Huutington's
Pet Measure.
INSTRUCTIVE TRAFFIC HISTORY
The Fine Italian Hand of the Auto
crat of the Railroad Again
in Evidence.
Congress has adjourned and the funding
bill is temporarily at least at rest. Aid so
long as this measure is undisturbed, so
long will there be no advance in transcon
tinental freight rates.
For this condition of affairs Collis P.
Huntington, president of the Southern Pa
cific Company, is responsible, according to
the views expressed Dy one of the most as
tute railroad men of this City.
Huntington's main and most weighty
argument in advocacy of his funding
scheme for the Central Pacific Railroad's
debt to the United States has been the un
profitable character of the property in
volved. With the Central Pacific paying
dividends tbere wouKl be no excuse for at
tempting to repudiate the obligations of
that corporation.
One of the well-known methods adopted
by Huntington for curtailing the revenues
of his first but not best beloved enterprise
was the construction and operation of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. But, as the
gamin would phrase it, the public "got
onto" his game. Then by means of his
ever efficacious stalking-horse, the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, a rate war with
the Panama Railroad Company was pre
cipitated, though Mr. Huntin^tofi at all
times sought to throw the responsibilities
for the hostilities that followed for two
years on t c other fellow.
This conflict between the Panama-route
carriers forced down rates, of course, on
all transcontinental railroads, the Central
Pacific included. Then Huntincton came
magnanimously to the front and under
took to fis.ht single-handed tne battles of
the transcontinental railroads against the
Panama route rate-disturbers with his
powerful pet, the Southern Pacific Rail
road. This was to be accomplished by
quoting lower rates over the (Sunset route
by 33J^ per cent than what were quoted
over tue other lines.
By this adroit manipulation he not only
succeeded in diverting business from his
Central Pacific line but from the other
transcontinental roads as well, and at the
same time swelled the traffic and the reve
nue of his ever carefully nursed Sunset
route.
Last December Huntington, as president
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
signed a treaty of peace jointly with Mr.
Simmons, president of the Panama Rail
road Company.
The terms of this document were the
same as had been offered by the Panama
people for nearly two years, but Mr. Hun
tingion, while persistently declaring that
the rate war via Panama was due to the
Pacific Mail's rival, could not be induced
to sign it.
During this time he apparently could
not see how rates could be kept from going
up and the Central Pacific thereby con
verted into a paying proposition if he
signed the agreement.
But during bis absence in this City last
winter the board of directors of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Oompany at New York
were induced, by a a clever representation
of the situation made to them by Attorney
Cromwell on behalf of the Panama Rail
road Company, to pass a resolution author
izing President Huntington to sign the
agreement.
When Collis returned to New York there
was consequently nothing left for him to
do but attack his sign manual or repudi
ate his board of directors, and thereby
virtually acknowledge that he was in favor
of war — war with or without cause.
At this time he had his funding project
under close consideration, and ue fully re
alized that a settlement of the troubles be
tween the isthmus route lines meant «n
advance of rates all along the line from
the i.-thmus on the south to the Canadian
Pacific on the north — and danger to his
funding scheme.
It then became a problem with the auto
crat of the railroad world of how to keep
rates down without appearing to desire it
and without taking an active part to ac
complish this end.
As anticipated by the railroad and com
mercial world, it was not long after the
signing of the Panama-Pacific Mail agree
ment before a meeting of all the trans
continental lines was calie I for the pur
pose of reorganizing the Transcontinental
Traffic Association. Organization was
duly effected at New York and imme
diately following that event a meeting
wds called of the general freight agents of
the various lines interested for the pur
pose of revising and advancing transcon
tinental rates.
Everything went along swimmingly.
New schedules were arranged, approver
and printed and the date was even approx
imately fixed when tnese new rates were
to go into operation. Then came an un
expected announcement that the date for
putting in these new schedules had been
advanced, but before this latter date ar
rived came the startling news that action
on the proposed new rates had been in
definitely postponed.
There was a general dispersion of the
railroad representatives to their respective
homes, but, despite the most strenuous
efforts made by the newspaper interview
ers the cause of the "indefinite postpone
ment" remained a secret with the railroad
people, and a mystery to the mercantile
world.
Various conjectures were made, but
nothing that purported to be authentic
was made public. Recently, however, it
has been learned that the immediate cause
of the advanced rates being "knocked out"
was the reluctance id the representatives
of the roads in the hands of receivers to
enter into an alliance which contemplated
the payment of a subsidy to the companies
operating a competing route.
And here is where the fine Italian hand
of Collis P. Huntington is reputed to have
een at work. So long as he felt that his
funding bill had a chance to pass Con
gress he was not averse to matters shap
ing themselves so as to result in rates
being advanced. But just about the time
that these rates were to have been pro
mulgated and become effective he was
made aware that the funding bill stood a
poor chance of being adopted.
Simultaneously mysterious whisperings
began among the various freight repre
sentatives of the risk that was beinn run
by the representatives of roads in re
ceivers' hands who made themselves
parties to a subsidy compact. The leaven
apparently operated just as it was de
signed to do by Mr. tluntington, who is
given the credit for having surreptitiously
cast it among his colleagues.
Hence rates were not advanced, and it is
the opinion of those best informed that
tbey will not be until Mr. Huntington gets
hisfunding bill passed or the Government
forecloses its mortgage on the Central Pa
cific Railroad.
FOR BETTER STREETS.
The DraymeiTs Union Inclined to Con
test the Special Boulevard
Ordinance.
The Draymen and Teamsters' Union of
San Francisco held an open meeting last
evening to discuss the subject of pave
ments and boulevards. George E. Bow
ers, representing a patent block and as
phalt pavement, spoke of the merits of
the pavement and its qualities as a resist
ant to water and wear. The matter of
boulevards now closed to heavy teaming
by ordinance drew out several speakers.
H. J. Jackson suggested that a test be
made of the law which now prohibits
teamsters and draymen from driving on
Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues. He
argued that the draymen pay as much in
taxes to keep this thoroughfare in order,
and should receive the benefit and have
the same privileges as any other class of
the community.
L. J. Welsh, formerly in the Street De
partment, stated that a test case is un
necessary, 6s the law is null and void.
The Supervisors cannot indulge in special
legislation in favor of those who drive
fancy teams.
Ex-Supervisor D. Farnsworth suggested
that a petition be presented to the Super
visors asking them to rescind the objec
tionable order.
A. B. Maguire of the Coal-dealers' Asso
ciation, in speaking of Folsom street,
stated that ft was not the intention to
make it a boulevard. All the people want
on that street is a pood pavement, and
they do not want to exclude any one from
its use.
W. R. Wheeler and E. Mohrig of the
San Francisco Cycle Board of Trade stated
that the association is not antagonistic to
the draymen, but really desire their co
operation in securing good pavements.
Upon a motion by Henry Jacobs a com
mittee of three was appointed to act with
the Coal-ilealers' Association and the Cycle
Board of Trade in the movement to secure
better streets and pavements.
TAXES MUST BE REDUCED
Strong Opinion of a Venerable
Banker on Civic Extrava
gance.
Rates of Interest May Not Be Changed
Now, but Much Depends on the
Tax Levy.
The fact that Robert J. Tobin of- the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society stated
to The Call Friday that rates of interest
on savings bank deposits would likely be
reduced on account of excessive taxation
gave rise to considerable comment yester
day among taxpayers and people who had
money saved in the banks.
Mr. Tobin said: "The enormous tax
levy is principally responsible for this re
duction. The poor man, the fellow who
saves a few honest dollars by hard toil and
sacrifice, is practically doubly taxed. Tne
pilferers, however, have fixed the levy,
knowing that these people wonlJ be called
on to bear the burdens, and they must per
force accept the situation grace;ully. He
added that, while his institution not>ed to
be able to pay a 4 per cent diridend, the
rate might be considerably less.
In the other savings banks the rate of
interest will suffer no material chance, if
any, this term. The reason of this is the
various bank managers look forward con
fidently to a substantial decrease in taxa
tion for the next fiscal year beginning on
July 1. With such a prospect they have
concluded to make no change in the rates
of interest, hoping to be able to make up
in the latter half of the year for any de
ficiency in the first part in profits through
the taxes.
Lovell White, cashier of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, said that his bank
would pay $3 60 on ordinary deposi.s and
$4 32 on term deposits.
"We will make no reduction," sad he,
"for ihe current six months which ter
minate on the 30th inst. Our dividend is
the same as it was last January. Tb?next
dividend, however, will be largely affected
by the rate of taxation. We don't antici
pate so high a rate of taxation as last
year; tiie rate will be dete rminedjbefore
we shall have again declared a divdend.
Taxation and also assessment are open
questions, and they make it difficult to de
clare a dividend that would be jus: to all
parties.
"We assume now that there will be
somewhat of a reduction in taxes. We be
lieve the people cannot stand this exces
sive rate of taxation. If the savines-bank
depositors want good rates of dividends
they must control in some form taxation.
I cannot prescribe the form, but suomit to
the public they must reduce the rate of
taxation."
"What would be the effect of a continu
ance of the present tax of $2 25 per
centum?"
"It would have the effect of further re
ducing dividends. We hope, from so far
as now appears, the present dividend of
$3 60 and $4 32 can be maintained, as there
is a probability of a reduction in taxes to
$1 60 or $1 75 per centum."
"THE LITTLE DETECTIVE"
Grover's Alcazar Produces One
of Lotta's Favorite
Dramas.
Giover'B Alcazar has inaugurated the
departure of commencing its new per
formances at the Saturday matinee instead
of on the inevitable Monday night. This
is a change for the better in many ways.
For one reason it breaks the monotony
of being compelled to attend the theater
on a Monday if one wishes to witness an
opening performance.
• The performance yesterday was Lotta's
favorite comedy-drama, "The Little De
tective," with Amy Lee in the role which
used to be played by the California actress.
Miss Lee kept the audience on t: c gui
vive by her rapid changes of costume and
character, all of which tended, as every
one who is acquainted with the comedy is
aware, to the unmasking of the villains
and the triumph of the detective-, who is
on the trail.
In all her characters Miss Lee was brisk
and amusing and she managed to impart
considerable variety to her acting in the
five different aliases. As Florence Lang-;
ton, with a weakness for finding out peo
ple's secrets, she was simply an enterpris
ing young lady, but the audience soon
applauded the soubrette for her versatility
as she evolved through the different dis
guises of Wilhelmina Scbwinkompoodles
from ; Germany; Mrs. Giimmage, an old
nurse ; Harry Racket, a fast young man,
and Barney O'Brien from the bogs of Bal
lyragged. ;*-;>: !
Among the other characters in the cast,
Frank Doaneand Clyde Hess were amusing
as the adventurers who always ran in
couples and " cheated and robbed people
jointly. Lorimer Johnston was rather heav
ily weighted by the villainous role of Barry
Mallinson, the adventurer who does not
draw the line at murder. Miss Nellie
Young was graceful as Una Larie;tdn, the
baronet's daughter, and the rest of the cast
helped, in a fairly satisfactory manner, to
assist- Miss - Amy I Lee in unraveling the
tangled thread of villainy.
..: ■ ' •—• — * — • I
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 8 of this paper. |
FOR SILVER HID
AGAINST WOMEN
These Two Planks Certain
for the Democratic
Platform.
TO DENOUNCE THE A. P. A.
Gould and the Junta Will Be
Supported by a Big
Majority.
BUCKLEY A BANK OUTSIDER
Delegates Arriving From the Interior
Counties on Their Way to Sacra
mento Confirm the Situation.
The early symptoms of the outset of
Democracy toward Sacramento developed
yesterday. !Mendocino County's entire
delegation to the State Convention came
to town on it 3 way to the capital, and the
leaders of the delegations from several
other counties. Among these were: W.
H. Alford of Tulare, L. P. Farmar of
Sutter, L. D. Sproul of Butte, J. F.
Coonan of Humboldt ana W. P. Andrews
of Tehama.
They will remain over until Monday for
the most part and will be joined here to
day by many others. The run to Sacra
mento will be made in a rush to-morrow.
All the indications to-day, on the eve of
the assembling of the convention, point to
a speedy transaction of the business and
an adjournment by Wednesday.
Gould will be chairman. Despite all
the declarations and predictions to the
contrary, no man has risen up anywhere
in the State to contest that honor with
him. He will have votes enough at the
assembling to elect him.
The convention will be compelled to
swallow whatever feeling it has in favor of
gold, and will declare for silver in order to
harmonize with the sentiments that it is
expected the Chicago Convention wili ex
press.
It will declare also against woman's suf
frage. There will be a plank strongly de
nouncing the A. P. A. These three things
a canvass of the delegates throughout the
State has determined definitely.
The change in the situation with re
gard to money that compels the silver
plank will doubtless leave Barney Mur
phy and E. ti. Po»d out of the list of as
pirants for the delegateship-at-large to
the Chicago convention. And' by the
same token Stephen M. White, Jam?s G.
Mauuire, W. W. Foote, Thomas Geary
and J. V. Coleman will be candidates for
that honor.
The junta is a solid factor in the con
vention. It is on the temporary roll, and
the temporary officers will make its place
certain on the permanent roll.
The Junta is for Gould, Gould will ap
point the committee on credentials, and
the committee on credentials has to do
with contests — and there you are.
Gavin McNab smiles wearily when Mr.
Buckley's name is mentioned. "He nor
his followers will figure in the convention
at all," he says. "He has never been a
figure in the campaign despite all the hue
and cry."
All the delegates in the City now from
the interior are for Gould and the Junta,
for silver (some of them under protest),
and a majority of them against woman
suffrage.
Buckley's greatest showing of strength
is in Alameda and Los Angeles counties.
In Alameda Buckley claims to have 22 out
of t c 35. Of lhese the most enthusiastic
supporter of Buckley is the solitary col
ored delegate elected in the State. By a
somewhat notable coincidence his name is
Dennis.
In Los Angeles the election was not held
until yesterday, but it is understood that
the anti-Junta element will have a large
representation, as John W. Mitchell is
against Gould and worked very hard in
opposition to him.
But neither Gould nor the Junta worry
about that. At headquarters yesterday it
was figured that of the 614 delegates com
posing the convention Gould will have
381 votes for temporary chairman.
This is as lar as neard from. They ex
pect to have many more. Following is
the schedule of interior counties as pre
pared :
Amador— Seven for Gould and the Junta.
Butte— Six fox Gould and the Jtrnta.
Colusa— Seven for Gould and the Junta,
Contra Costa — Seven for Gould and the
Junta.
Del Norte— Two for Gould and the Junta.
El Dorado— Five lor Gould and the Junta.
Fresno — Five for Gould and six for the Junta.
Humboldt— Eight for Gould and the Junta.
Kern— Five for Gould and the Junta.
Kings— Four for Gould and the Junta.
Lok Angeles has thirty-five delegates. The
Gould men do not count on them, tnough they
may receive some of them.
Lake— Four for Gould and the Junta.
Mttrin elects five delesates to-day. As the
County Convention is known to be anti-Buck
ley, it i» presumed that the delegation will be
for Gould and the Junta.
Mendocino— Five for Gould and the Junta.
Modoc— Three for Gould and the Junta.
Merced— Five for Gould and the Junta.
Plumrtd— Three for Gould and the Junta.
San Bernardino— Eight for the Junta and a
majority for Gould.
Sacramento — Seventeen for Gould and the
Junta.
San Mateo's delegation of seven stands five
for Gouid and the Junta, but as the county
adopted the unit rule all are counted iv the
Gouid and Junta camps.
Santa Barbara— Four for Gould and the
Junta.
Santa Clara— Twenty-two for the Junta and
none for Gould.
San Diego— Eight for Gould and the Junta.
Shasta— Five for Gould and the Junta.
Siskiyou— Seven lor Gould and the Junta.
Sonoma— Twelve for Gould and the Jnnta.
Stanislaus— Eigrht for Gould and the Junta.
Stockton— Fourteen out of 18 for Gould adn
the Junta, though all are pledged (or Gould.
Sutler— Five for Gould and the Junt*.
Tulare — Ten for Gouid find the Junta.
Trinity— Three lor Gould and the Junta.
Ventura— Four out of 6 lor the Junta and
presumably for Gould.
yy O !o — Nine for Gould and tne Junta.
The Bnckleyites claim to have sixty
votes, but, as opposed to such a majority,
sixty is nil.
Jt is stated as reasonably certain that
the Fifth District will nominate Schellar
of San Jose for Congress, the Seventh
George L. Patton, and the First will re
nominate Geary.
A CRAZY MAN'S RIDE.
Peter Zimmerman of San Jose Takes a
Trip Underneath an £lectric-
Car.
A man who says his name is Peter Zim
merman and that he is a cigar manufac
turer in San Jose is locked up in a padded
cell in the Receiving Hospital till the
police are able to make some inquiries
about him.
Between 9 and 10 o'clock last night he
crawled underneath an eiectric-car at
Holy Cross Cemetery unobserved by the
motorman or gripman and rode into the
City clinging to the brakes. It is the first
case on record that a man has beaten his
way on an electric-car by riding on the
brakes.
At Thirteenth street and San Jose ays
nue he was ODserved by the conductor,
who called the attention of Policeman
Heapy to him. Heapy dragged him from
umlerneath ihe car and he showed fight.
After a sharp tnssle Heapy succeeded in
patting the handcuffs on him and rang
tor the patrol wagon.
Zimmerman was taken to the Seven
teenth-street station, and to the questions
of Lieutenant Burke he said he was worth
$10,000,000 and that he had crawled under
the car to search for more gold.
As he was either insane or shamming,
the lieutenant determined to send him to
the hospital till something more could be
learned about him.
At the hospital Zimmerman gave every
sien of being insane. He kept yelling for
Billy Boklen, and, on being asked who
Billy was, he said he was a lawyer in San
Jose, and he wanted him to get nirn out of
the hospital. He said he drove into the
City from San Jose on Friday, and put his
rig in a stable on Valencia street.
He pretended not to know anything
about his experience underneath the elec
tric car, and insisted that he drove into
the City. He is about 35 years of age.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Charles J. Wingerter, Who Set
tled Here in Early Days,
Passes Away.
Charles J. Wingerter, a pioneer of 1850,
died on Friday nijrht at 11 o'clock at his
residence, 2714 Sacramento street. The
immediate cause of hia death was heart
disease and the weakness of old age, he
being at tbe time of his d ath over 79
years of age. Ever since he had a severe
attack of grip, two years ago, he had
been eradually failing He bad been con
NEW TO-DAY.
\j WiP^C 4 Manhood
vniifcplf tf\ fall intri „ "'^uw^^^/lfa^^ 111
yourself to fall into —^^^^ tWmJBSm
the miserable state Trrr mm . iirßi MSPPSiiIK !'
of Nervous Debility « fji JU?! W^^l\
when there is a cure p| lj|l iJ^^^Fjjj^K %
IT IS PTTTABLF, to think of zasd nwrnKai- nf mon wlin^ «>**
from day to day suffering mental and physical torture as a
result of their weakness, while right at their doors other men are
being cured of the same disease. One who has not known ,it
himself cannot realise the feelings of the man in an advanced
stage of Nervous Debility, nor does he hear of it, for these men
do not talk of their troubles. Even when they are fortunately
led to use the remedy which is now so well known — Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt — and are cured by it, they do not mention it to
their closest friends; hence the prevalence of this trouble and
the means of cure are appreciated only by those who have had
experience. .
Considering these points, it is worth while to note how many
men throw aside all feelings of delicacy and give to the world,
for the benefit of fellow-sufferers, the fact of their cure by Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
"I could dance with joy when I consider that I have been
saved from the necessity of living the rest of my life in that
miserable condition," says J. A. J. Morse, Los Gatos, Cal., after
using Dr. Sanden's Belt one month. * .
Such gratitude must give vent to words of praise. Mr. Morse
is a man.past his prime and was given up by Dr. Urquhart of Los
Gatos. He was in the last stages of Nervous Debility and is now
fast recovering his strength.
Mr. L. L. Jaccard, one of the best known and most respected
men in Alameda County, in the jewelry business at San Leandro,
was cured by Dr. Sandeh's.Electric Belt over a year ago. Last week*
he said: "I have no delicacy in making this statement. Your Belt
has cured me of a varicocele and weakness that has been slowly
destroying me for twenty-six years, and now that I am cured I
think it is no more than right to tell the rest of the poor suffer-
ers of it. A thing that is really good ought to be spoken of."
Mr. Jaccard is now one of the best specimens of physical man-
hood in Alameda County. He is fifty years of age, five feet nine
inches in height, weighs 210 pounds and does not carry an
ounce of superfluous flesh. His form is a mass of muscle.
Strength of manhood is not dependent upon flesh. Fat men
are seldom vigorous. This strength is in the nerves, and the
life is electricity. This explains the reason for the inevitable
failure of drugs and the success of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt in
restoring the lost power.
Applied for three to six hours in the twenty-four, at any
time during the day or night that is most convenient to the
, patient, it saturates the system with Electric energy (animal
magnetism)," and this energy slowly builds up the forces of all
vital parts. The vigor of manhood expands and becomes perfect
in two or three months.
"I received your Belt on February 9 last, and wore it for two
or three hours every night for about two months. lam cured,
and my partner, Henry Mauvis, used the same belt for vital
weakness and it has cured him," says Julius Jahn, Silver Star,
Montana, May, 17.
No remedy is 60 easy to use as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
None gives such quick results. It has a patented regulator,which
enables the wearer to turn the current on mild or strong at will
while the Belt is on the body. ; It is warranted to last and give a
strong Electric^current for one year. It is by all means the
surest cure for any weakness.
Young, middle-aged and old men should send for Dr. San-
den's famous work, "Three Classes of Men," which will be sent,
closely sealed, without marks, free. It gives full information,
and hundreds of letters from people cured. It may save you a
great deal of suffering. Get it. Address or call,
SAKTIJEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACBttOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; > Sundays, 10 ta I.
_i__ OFFIOHS A.T— — ,--
LOS ANGELES, CAL, I PORTLAND, OR.
1.04 boutb Broadway. . I 253 Washington 3 treat.
fined to his bed, however, only one week
before his death.
Charles J. Wingerter came to this State
with his wife from New Orleans in 1850,
and immediately engaged in the clothing
business.
In 1852 he built a two-story building on
Kearny street, and m 1865 elected another
building on Kearny street which was the
best building on the street.
In 1853 he retired from active business,
but since then has engaged extensively in
real estate operations. At the time of his
death he owned considerable business and
residence property in this City, and has
also been engaged in the vineyard busi
ness at Los Angeles and farming at Half
moon Bay. He also owned the h've-story
brick building at the, southeast corner of
Post and Stockton streets.
Mr. Wingerter also owned a number of
residences in the half block at the corner
of Pierce and Sacramento streets and in
hi-i gardens are many rare plants and
trees.
Mr. Wingerter had unbounded faith in
the future commercial prosperity of this
City and believed that Post street was
some day to become a great business
street.
The deceased left a widow, a son, and
two daughters. Frank Marstou of the
Creamerie is his son-in-law. Besides Mrs.
Marston deceased also left another married
dauchter. Airs. M. Medan, and his son, E.
P. Wingerter. The deceased was a native
of Bavaria and a member of the Society of
Pioneers under whose auspices the funeral
will be held to-morrow, Monday, at 2 p. m.
Sausalito Man Robbed.
Willard S. Green, a colored ex-convict, was
charged at the City Prison last nieht by De
tective Uilloa wr,h K^aud larceny. He was
accused of "steering" George Murphy of Sausa
lito on Tuesday ;o his room in the Grand
lodging-tiou>e on Third street and stealing
$25 from Him.
Girls with retrousse noses marry sooner
than young ladies with Greek and Roman
noses.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of t he .San "Francisco CC Ai.t,
no Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«s
an til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
OHURCH NOTICES.
Tm^f^u^Scnl)F~7mmSTrsciz^
B^*' tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall.
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "The
Crucifixion." "Science and Health" study
Thursday, at 8 P. m., in Golden West Hail, 320
Post street. All are welcome.
JETS' CALVARY PRESBYTERIA N CHURCH,
«£-£' corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill, D.D., pastor. Children's day service
at 11 a. m., when Pastor Birch will deliver a short
address and preach at 7:45 p. m.: topic, -The True
Religion." Evening service: -Benedic Anima,
in G (Gerrish); offertory, "Come Unto Him
(Gonnod), solo and quarie . All are made welcome.
■SB* FIRST UNifARIAN""CHURCH COB-
C-jS' ncr Geary and Franklin sts.-Rev. Horntio
Ktebblns. D.D., minister; William G. Eliot Jr., j
Bssociate. at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Snndav-school at 9:45 a. m. Service at 11 a.m.
Bible-class at 9:45 A. v., led by Rev. Samuel
Slocombe. Evening services omitted for a season.
All are cordially invited.
Bt^S» SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
W~& ncr of Twentieth and Capi> sts.— A. J. Weils,
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a. m. on "The j
Secret of Rest" and 7 :45 P. m. on "The Control of
the Highest Motives." All seats are free. Suuday-
scbool at 9:45 a. m. Pastor's residence, 20
Liberty st- m
HSS» THIRD CONGREGATIONAL OHURCh, j
Wt^ Fifteenth St., near Mission— Rev. William
Kader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Subject,
"Peter Before Christ." Services at 7:45 p. it
Subject, "Deepening of the Spiritual Life." This :
will be Mr. Rader's last Sunday before vacation. |
Music by chorus choir under direction of William ,
C. btadt'feld. "Our God Is Mighty to Save" (Macyi : I
"1 Will Lay Me Down" (Gadsby); "Seek Ye the
Lord" (Roberts); "O Come. Let us Worship"
(Himmel): '-Father of Mercies" (Abt). All our |
cordially invited. .
jF^- KEY. CHARLES O. BROWN. D.D..WILL
a^Gr preach In Golden Gate (main) Hall, 625 Sut-
ter st., at 11 a. m and at 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school
at 1 p. x. Y. P. k. C. K. at 6:30 p. m. (upper
hall). Mrs. Dr. Guild's Bible class in the left par-
lor. Evening theme, "The Manliest of Men." All
are cordially invited, especially strangers^
g^s» TO-DAY (Sunday), children's
W& day, will be celebrated| by Central M. K.
Sunday-school. Mission St., bet. Sixth and Seventh,
at 11 a. m., with exercises, flowers and flags. All
welcome.
ES 1 " S ER V ICES AT HOME COLLEGE OF
w l -^ Divine Science, 3360 Seventeenth St., at
2:30 p. m. Mr. and Mrs. Cramer have returned
from the Congress of Scientists, and will give an
account of the proceedings.
»T3R> A LECTURE ON -THE COMING AND
S-*' Reign or our Lord," Mystic Hall. 320 Post
st., second floor, Sunday evt mug at, 7:45 o'clock,
by Dr. Morgan.
Reformed Episcopal Church services every
Sunday at 11 a. m. >eats free.
ap§=» THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - FREE
Ifc-*^ public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st., 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "Karma ana
Fatalism," by R. H. Hay.
F^The THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY —
sS^-C^ Countess Constance Wachtmelster will j
lecture to-night at i* o'clock in Shasta Hall, Native 1
Sons' building, 41-1 Mason st. Subject, -Man the i
Master of His Own my." Admission free.
. — '. — ' i
Sunday meeting:
iprsi?="~ PR, BOBBIN'S Li CTURES 1' -NIGHT j
IS^iS' on "The Condition of Our Children in the 1
Spirit World"; enUsrtainmeul by the Cotton chil- 1
dren; the sick healed; mediums developed:- writ- I
ten questions answered Washington Hall, 3.V.3
Eddy st., 8 p. m. : circle tickets; magnetized paper
and admission free.
M^Sf CHRISTIAN SPIRITUAL SOCIETY—
•S-- 6^ M»'ets every Sunday at Loiinu Hall, corner
Klevonth and Clay, at 2:30. Trance, music and
messages; 7:30 lecture and positive pro>f of a life
after this, by independent slate-writer and psych-
ologist of the highest gift to man. I. Cor., xli; 2:30
free; 7:30 10c.
gEii" At. H97 MARK I, 'FIRST PROG RES- !
»2S' give spiritual church," 11 a. m. rest devel- '
oping circle: 2 p. m. platform tests: Mrs. Katie |
Henssmann, Dunham and other.-i: 8 P. M. "spirit j
messages." Mrs. Ladd. Finnican, Warden, McKee,
Mr. Hansen and others.
W&S' EDvVAKD K. EARLE, THE WONDER-
B5S' ful psychic, wil. hold a seance to-night at I
Odd Fellows*' Hall at 8 o'clock, aeruousirating his
great power. "Truth wears no mis ,-, bows at no
human 3hnue, seeks neither place nor applause;
she only asks a hearing." Admission iO cents.
|JP5S=> GOOD CITIZKN-HII'TiKETING, MET- \
2E3'' rorolitan Temple. Sunday, June 14, at 3 !
r. m. Address by Professor AloniO T. Jones, cdi- '
tor of the American .-~en liuel, of New Yor*. Sab-
ject: "What Is Patriotism In This Country T"
Admission 10c.
»£=3s*> ilAJ.lvouvrA PrtVruniAL .SOCIETY:
E£^S r J. jvilorse will lecture at Red Sen s nan,
opp. Union square, this evening at 8 o'clock: sub-
ject, "Before Life anu After Death"; admission
free; no collection. 1
BtSS= DR. RIN-ES 1 SPIRITUAL MEETING,
B^ 909 Market St.; 11 a. m.. 2 and 8 p. m.; cir-
cle and platform tests; Mines. Meyers, bird, Dun-
ham, Fix, K. A. Stltu. Si. tings daily, 10 to SP. m.
Office 1236 Market St.
B^S= Oakland psychical SOCIETY—
SS-sS' Meets at Fraternal Hall, Washington St.,
Mine. Montague lectures, answers questions and
gives readings, at 8 p. if. Rev. Joseph Adams
lectures at 3 p. m.
is3f> C. V. MILLER, KTHEREALIZING MA-
O"^ tenalizing seance to-night at 8 o'clock. j
535 Post st. 50 cents.
V£sS* ATTENTION; MBS.KGGERT AITKKN,
m>£r clairvoyant, has moved to 820 McAllister
St.; sittings daily.
tpgp AT 111 LAKKIN-.MME. YOUNG'S TEST j
S*--* 7 meeting to-ni^ht: 10c; large orchestra.
jjit-^=> Mils. LOGAN, HARMONY CIRCLE, 11
i*-*^ to 4. Washington Hall, 35 Eddy st.
ff^g= MRS. SHRINER, TEST CIRCLE, TO-
tt-S' nii;ht, 10c. Sittings .ally. 311 Van Nessav.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ff^g= KING SOLOMON'S LODGE. NO. jT~
Er^6 r 260, F. and A. M.— The oflicers and _«k_
members are hereby notified to attend the wT^ST !
funeral of our late brother, SAMUKL VAL- r^r\
LEA from the Masonic Temple, on SUNDAY, !
June 14, at 1 o'clock p. m. By order of the Master. i
HARRY BAr.HR, Secretary.
B^S= EXCELSIOR LODGE No. < ~-&atJU's
*E& 310. I. O. <). F., m -ets i>t 2319 J352_55_
Mission sr, bet. Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth. every MONDAY EVENING. "W*^"
Triple initiation on Monday evening, June 15,
1896, at 8 o'clock. Members are earnestly request-
ed to be present. Visiting brothers most cordially
invitea. JOHN QUINTO.v,
Acting Noble Grand. .
ANDBKW W. TURPIN, Rec Sec
»^3s=> YEKBA BUENA LODGE <^iuutiif . ~
*3? So. 15, I. O. O. -Members are -jZ&^iigZ.
requested to assemble at Memorial :^j§^3Ste~~
Hall SUNDAY, June 14. at 1:30 P. M. -^v/'l\v^
for the purpose of at ending funeral of our late
brother, FRANK V A SLIT.
K. G. HARRISON, Noble Grand.
M. S. Jf.ffkrs Jr., Rec. Sec
W^9V S. F. SCOTTISH THISTLE v C? 1 >,
&-& Club will hold their 14th annual A. 2*03
gather: and games at Shell Mound Stl^Fffi*
Pnrk Saturday, July 4. A programme
of events has been prepared which has seldom if
ever been excelled by this or any club on the '
(oast. Valuable medals and cash prizes for all the 1
events. Scottish games and Scottish dancing will j
be the main iea;ures of the gathering, interspersed j
with hornn'pes, Irish reel and Jig contests, foot-
ball, dribbling, obstruction races, hurdle sack j
races, bicycle races, etc., etc. Highland pipers and j
a Hl;bland we.come at Shell Mound July 4. Buy
tickets for Shell Mound. Admission: Adul;ssuc,
children 25c. GAMES COMMITTEE.
jf^S> THE S. r\ SCOTTISH THIS- X? \>
\£~& tie Club will give a grand literary 3V, {%$)
and dramatic entertainment and social XMk^CsSf
at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason si.. '■^'"Nfc
FRIDAY YEN ING. June 26. 1896. A great
programme. The best talent in tip- city partici-
pates. Admission to all parts of the house 25
cents. Hat rooms at disposal of guests.
J. D. COULIK. Royal Chief.
Gkobgk W. Patkrsox, Recorder.
jE^ip THE ANNUAL PICNIC Ufy,^
!>■-*'■ the Ancient Order of Foresters and ?fy
< ompaions of the Forest of San Francisco, Jf\
Oakland and San Jose wi'l be held at Agri- C>— -»
cultural Park, San Jose, on WiiDNiiSDAY, June.
17, 1896. Take narrow-gauge ferry, foot of Mar-
ket si-, at 8:45 A.M., or broad-gauge train, Third
and Townsend sts.. at 9 a. m. Tickets are g.od
either way. Broad-sauge train stops at Twenty-
fifth and Valencia sts., Menlo Park, Redwood City
and Palo Alto. Tickets can be had at the office of
the per. sec., John Falconer, 102 O'Farrell St., or
at the depots on the day of the picnic.
Wpzg' ELEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- 3jj7
m~£? me and family reunion of the fggß
Servian Montenegrin L. anl B. Society, -wrrSTm
SUNDAY, June 14, 1896, at California iXwSk
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. Boats 3?Nfnflß|
-Tibnron ferry, foot of Marke' st.,BJc*Ks
at 9:30 and 11 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:3Ugffi]Enn
p. M. Special train will leave 'park at %z3£f|V
6:30 P. M. Adi; t's ticket, round trip, in- rir
eluding admission to the park, 60c; children's
ticket, 25c. Grand tombola; first prize $30 cash
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE. '
SPECIAL, NOTICES. ~
■P3?'~DTlsTH7>L^rA"N^7?^^
&-JS' moved to 1370 Market st. : poor treated free.
jjEap BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4^ I
m*& collections made, city ■or country. Pacific !
ro'inr'lnn (''• . 41 8 ">lont-- st.. room 6. Tel. 6580. j
i:t-2*r £v*"**3_ COLLECTION C<\. 235
l*~ i? ■ Kearny. St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
DIVIDEND notices. \
DI vTDEND~NariCE— DIVIDE ND NO.*
w^* 7 82 (^5 cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar : Plantation Company will be payable at the
oflice of Ihe company, 327 Market st., on and I
after SATURDAY, June 20. 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, ' June. 13. 1896. at 12"
o'clock m. K. U. bIIELDuN, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
j 0 FIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOKS AND AN
I-- upstairs girl wish situations. MRS. PETERS'
I employment agency, 1022 Larkin st.
r ILLING woman wants WORK BY THE
»V day: washing or nousecleaning; $1 a day
and car fare. 717 Howard st.
fRENOH LADY DESIRES SITUATION AS
r lady's maid or housekeeper; can teach French;
good references. Address A. R., box 73. Call.
/COMPETENT FIRST-CLASS COOK wants~a
\J situation in private family or hotel. Address
F. C, box 108, Call office.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER WANT TO
take charge of residence while owner is away
in the country. Address 1425 Howard st.
MERICAN YOUNG LADY, WELL EDU-
cated, desires position as companion or nurse
! to lady: does not object to traveling; good borne
I more of an objecu Apply EVA BAKER, 1915
Sana Clara aye., Alameda.
pOLORED GlrtL WANTS PLACE AS NURSE
] Vj or assist licbt housework. Address C. G.. box
I 101. Call Office. -
Vf URSE— PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS
1\ situation to mind a child; country. Address
11. M., 2917 Harrison st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG <JIRL
to do general housework and plain cooking.
216 Fifth st.
yol'SG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X housekeeper or plain cooking. Call at 60 Third
St., room 5.
VOUXG LADY WISHES TO LEARN THE
I barber trade. Address MISS SMITH, box 105,
Call Office.
A CTIVE MIDDLE-AGED PROTESTANT
A woman wants home in small family of adults;
plain cooking; small washing: must be reliable
people: wages small. Address Active, box 16,
Call Office.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
: \J the day; is good laundress. Call or address
212 Twenty-first st.
"RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS SITU-
J 1 ation as housekeeper in a widower's family or
to do cooking in small family. Call or address
1002 Powell su
ELI ABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
XV housework or todocbamberwork; sleep home.
Addre.is 33 Crocker St., off MarkeU
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
XV work or sewing: would take pay in room rent.
Address E. C-, Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS TO
\J do washing and Ironing by the day. Call or
address 303 Jessie st.
A SHOUSKKEEPER BY AMERICAN WIDOW
JrV. (elderly); good cook; understands washing,
cleaning house and windows; likes children; is
neat and temperate; a home; small pay. W. J.,
151 Minna st.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO GEN-
>' eral housework, plain washing and ironing.
Call or address 267 Minna sU
"VroUNG WOMAN DESIRbS PLACE TO AS-
X sisi with Hunt housework and sew; first-class
fitter. Kindly call Monday, 2531 California sU
WELL EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN
II cook wishes position in hotel; city or country.
1024 Howard St., room 14.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION AS WAITRESS
VI and housework. Call 233 Minna St., front
room: ring bell.
pOMPKTENT DRESSMAKER, CUT AND FIT,
\J desires a few more engagements by the day,
week or month; will assist in chamberwork or
care of children, or travel, or some position of
trust: no objection to the country; reference.
1906 a Mission st.
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tio;i to mind children; sleep home. Address
R. H., box 112. Call Office.
RESSMAKER WISHES A FEW MORE EN-
ga.'ements by the day ; terms reasonable. Ap-
ply 417 Larkin St.. room 27.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
girl in American family: good cook; willing to
do housework: city references. 207 Leavenworth.
pOMPETKNT DRESSMAKER WISHES FEW
\J more engagements in families; city refer-
ences. 704 O'Farreli st.
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
11 washing. Ironing or housecleaning. 2 Grant
alley, off Sixteenth st., near Guerrero.
TRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, cooking or housecleaning
by the day: good reference. MRS. CURTIS, 115 V 2
Twenty sixth su, near Mission.
WANTED -BY REFINED WIDOW. GOOD
IT home; small wages in exchange for light ser-
vices; no triflers. 1118 Market su, room 11.
13ESPECTABLE IRISH GIRL WANTS SITU-
Jl ation to do upstairs work, sewing and waiting:
can be highly recommended. Address 913 East
Fifteenth St., East Oakland.
TJEFINED WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
XV managing housekeeper for gentleman of good
habits; good family: accustomed to best society.
Address H. Call Office, Alameda.
KESSiIAKKR AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter; sews; 50c • day. Address G. H., box
92, Call Office.
TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
by the day, week or month. Call or address
713 1/2 Clementina st., in rear.
OUSEKEEPER WANTS POSITION IN KE-
spectable family; best of reference: or second
w«rk and can do sewing. 706 Jr»>»» <" 1 o«lt net.
M" OTHER AND DAUGHTER, 17, WANT
place in country as cook and waitress or
chambermaid. Address room 6, 864% Mission st.
SITUATION WANTED AS HOUSEKEEPER
0 in widower's family; city or country. Call or
address 951 Mis.' ion st.
VOUSG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st.: ring 2
bells.
ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
II companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and fond of children. 8., box 1, Call Office.
GOOD WAITRESS WANTS POSITION IN
hotel or restaurant. Address 450 .Minna sU
L-IRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK
X by the day or month; has good reference; city
or country- Apply 610 Clay st.
QITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
0 woman to do housework; is a good cook; will:
do washing. 924 Washington st., near Powell.
OUNG GIRL DESIRES POSITION AS COM-
X million to elderly lady, or second work In pri-
vate family, or waitress In a nice boarding-house.
Address MISS s., 19 Sixth su, near Stevenson.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do eeneral housework; good cook and laun-
dress. Call or address 254 Natonia st.
yOUX(i GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
X waitress or chambermaid in private family;
good references. Address W. K./box 126, Call.
EALTH V WOMAN WITH FRESH BREAST
of miik wishes a baby to nurse. Please call
408 Chestnut st.
OUNG WIDOW DESIRES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper for widower or bachelor: good
home more of an object than wages: no triflers
need appl". Call or address Widow, 965 Howard.
17»IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL GO OUT
- by the day or work at home: fit guaranteed;
reasonable. " 219 Golden Gate aye.
RKSSMAKER WILL MAKE SUITS, $4.
XJ any style; perfect fit guaranteed. 2 Rose aye.,
upstairs; no sign.
Y""OUNG GERMAN WOMAN, WITH A BABY.
1 wishes situation, in city or country. Inquire
207 Montgomery aye.
VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
1> to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2500V a Mission st.
POSITION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPERIEN-
X ced young lady; English branches taught; also
Spanish and music Ad. S. A., box 46, Call office.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
v^ take care of an infant or grown children. Call
or address 1429 Poik Mt.
"American WOMAN WANTS any KINDOF
A work; city or country: call or inclose fare,
523 Eubth St., Oakland.
-OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
X erness, chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. a., box 17, Call Office.
INCHES'! ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WASTKD-MALE.
TTOTEL COOKS, WAITERS, PORTERS AND
XX men for all work can be secured at J. F. CROS-
IT <fc CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, teL 231.
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKYACO., 640 Clay.
I~"5 C.G. COOK'S sue. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. . branches :shon notice. 14t»eart-. tel.Grant4B.
JW. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY -
• ment office, 637 Commercial; tel. black 1261.
APANE.-E AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 8148 Sutter: tel Grant. 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 4 V 2 O'Farrell: teL K. 426.
OUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION IN
X store or office; willing to begin low. C. A.M.,
box 12. Call Office. ■■■-■.
AT" OUNG MAN WANTS POSITION; WILL
X be found thorough and competent to do ay
kind of work. Address T. C. box 146, Call Office.
POSITION WANTED ON RAi*CH BY YOUNG
X married man: thoroughly unders amis stock;
best references as to character and ability. Ad-
drt-ss H. P., box 146, CalL ' -
ILL SOME FURNITURE DEALER GIVE
me a position? have first-class reference; 12
years' experience; no salary to start with. Ad-
dress W., box 61, this office.
POSITION BY A YOUNG MAN 25 YEARS
X old; 5 1 / i years' experience as clothing and gen-
eral merchandise salesman; speaks German; sin-
gle: no bad habits; city or country. Address W.
F. P., Empire House, Clay st., Sun Francisco, CaL
PELIABLK. MAN WISHES TO .DO AN V
IV kind of work in city or country; sober and
steady, wi.h good reference. Address S. F., box
88, this office. • " * .
T^LDKRLY GERMAN. GOOD : CARPENTER,
Xli cabinetmaker, general repairing, winls
position; city or country. Address .HANSEN,
Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.
p APDKNKR, PRACTICAL, OK MAN ABOUT
VI place, wishes situation: excellent references.
Address Gardener, 417 Kearuy st. -
THE SA^T FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
SITUATIONS •WANTEP-Continned.
WANTED— POSITIdN~A^"sAI7ESMAN OR
/ IT bookkeeper by man experienced in merchan-
dising; best of references. Address J. P. S., 3814
Moss St. .!> /■
\r OUNG MAN OF 20, EXPERIENCED IN
X carpentry, would like to learn electrician's
trade. Address Y. M., box 127. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN OF 25. SOBER AND STEADY
X habits, desires a position; as porter or general
utility man about a private or business place.
Address S. H. A., box 131. Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION:
man is a good coachman, wife can do chamber-
work and sewing or plain cooking: best refer-
ences. Address C. L., box 125, Call Office.
ANTED-A SITUATION AROUND PRI-
'» vate house to look after horses, garden, etc. ,
can milK: references. ANDRE'S Employment
Office. 316 Stockton st. -
"FVUKST -CLASS HELP FURNISHED ON
J short notice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
/"^RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
\J charge: orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 15 years' Californlan experience: Al
references. Address Orchard, 31214 Fulton sU
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the exporting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. .
STEADY, SOBER MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
ment in private place for care of horses and
garden; references given. Address J. W , box 40,
Call Office. i
Window-washing AND KOOM-BWEEP-
ing; all ! kinds of nousecleanint;; day or con-
tract. Address JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210%
Lr.rkln sU
OY OF 16 YEARS WISHES TO DO ANY
kind of work. Apply at 21 Sherwood place.
"yOUNG ; SCOTCHMAN, LATELY ARRIVED,
X wants employment: willing to do anything.
Address Scotch, box 89, Call Office.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; city or country: good driver;
small wages. R. S., box 102, Call Office.
WANTED BY AN EXPERIENCED SALES-
man position with a first-class bouse in any
line: best of references furnished. S. LIPMAN,
1319 Webster it.
/COMPETENT PAINTER, WHITENER,
\J timer, etc.,: will work cheap for private par-
ties, hotels or institution: day or contract: city or
country. Address Painter, 308 Twenty-fourth st.,
Oakland. Cal.
AN, JUST AKRIVKD FROM uERMANY,
36 years, understands grocery, distillery, wine,
picture-frame factory, good penman, desires situa-
tion; city or country; speaks English sufficient.
E. S., 548 Minna st.
p ERMAN YOUNG MAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE
VX to get a position as porter, gardener and gen-
eral work about a private or business place; good
reference. Address K. M., box 83, this office.
A" OU NO MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
J. drive a milk or delivery wagon: has had years
of experience; knows city welL Address J., box
5, this office. >v.'.:-V /■:::.
A>i AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife with little girl 3 years old; man Is handy
with blacksmith and carpenters' tools, also about
place and farm; wife is good plain cook and house-
keeper; will work for small wages on steady
place. Address PAUL KOTH.kR, Forest
Sonoma County, Cal. HS?W
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
SU UATION WASTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. S. BATH-
GEBKR, Napa, Cal.
\ r OUNG SWiSS GARDENER, SPEAKING
X German and French, and having pretty good
knowledge of English, desires situation; has been
employed in all branches of horticulture; best ref-
erences Jrom Europe; salary no objecu Apply
;% G., box 15, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
couple; wife good plain cook and seamstress,
man understands the care of horses, cattle, gar-
den, eta and is handy with tools; references. Call
or address A., 321 Ellis st.
PAINTERS WANT WORK BY IHE DAY
— or contract; have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms:
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Call Office.
POSITION AS LODGING-HOUSE CLERK,
X porter, janitor or driver for delivery wagon;
speaks English, German, Swedish and Russian;
references. Call or address G., 319 bills st.
\fol^*G~MAN WANTS POSITION AS GAR-
X dener for private family or to take care of
horses or on stockranch. Address E. F., Frank's
Hotel, A. aim -da.
p OOD STRONG BOY WANTS SITUATION TO
'JT learn a trade; machinist preferred. Address
J. M., 2115 Pacific aye., Alameda.
\MKKICAN MAN AND WIFE WITHOUT
A children want work on fruit ranch; wages to
suit the times. A. M., box 14, Call office.
AXE WANTS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy . with i carpenters' . tools: - references given.
Address W. R., box 9, this office. 'v
IB9T-CLASS LAUNDRYMAN, WITH TEN
years' experience at running a St. Clair shirt-
polishing machine, wishes a position. . Call or ad-
dress 1921 Myrtle St., Oakland.
WOODWORKER— JOB WANTED: GOOD ME-
»' chanic. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Ca;.
Y\T ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN WITH EX-
II perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad
dress W. a , box 98, Call Office.
VERY GOOD F ENCH WINE-CELLAR
man for all kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
■yOUNG GKRMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X as coachman, milker or gardener: good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63, this office.
IV INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free hug ami baeeaceioand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
A NTED— COOK" AN D^QENER A L~HOUSe"-
-work girl for small family in count y, $30;
2 chambermaids, assist with waiting in first-class
hotel in city, $18 each: nurse for 1 child, In coun-
try, $12; Catholic woman, as working house-
keeper, in country, $12; waitress for hotel in
country, $25, steady place: waitress for institu-
tion in city. $25; 10 itirls for general housework in
country, $20 and $25: 25 housework girls, for
city places, $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Sutter st.
W P ANTED— A SCANDINAVIAN UIRL FOR
cooking and housework In small family in
city; $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
\\r ANTED— FRENCH GIRL TO ASSIST IN
''the kitchen, $25; Swedish cook, $35; French
cook, $35; French girl for housework, countr.-,
$20; young nursegirl, $10: girls for housework
and 1 assist, $25. $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE
315 Stockton st.
N~eat"waitress steady, country
hotel, Napa County, $20, see party here 9 a. m.
Monday: waitress mining town, $20, fare paid;
cooks, housework and second girls. MURRAY «fc
HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay sU
O WAITRESSES FOR . SAME SPRINGS,
Zd first-class, in the mountains, $20: waitresses
lor seaside resort, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
10 Geary st. ■
lATRESS FOR SPRINGS, $20, FARE PAID.
_ HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANDERS AND MAKERS. CARSON GLOVE
X> CO., 3 . 8 Market st.
'ANTED— A LADY FOR LIGHT OFFICE
work. Address Writer, box 02, this office.
OUSKKKEPER, SEE GENTLEMAN MON-
day at 9: $20. Employment Office. 306 Mason.
• i WAITRESSES; SHOE-REPAIRER*; GIRL,
A 14 years old ; barbers. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
ANTED- A FIRS.T-CLASS FKMALK COuK
" for family camping party, six weeks In the
country: reference. 1817 Scott st.
GIRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1230 Treat aye., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth sts.
W ANTED— AN HONEST, GOOD-HEARTED,
11 -energetic woman to push a practical, profita-
ble missionary work among women. Room 63,
Macdonough building, Oakland.
iRL UPSTAIRS WORK AND WAITING: 3
VT in family: $25. Employment Office, 306
Mason St.
p ERMAN COOK, 4 IN FAMILY, $26. EM-
VJT ployment Office, 306 Mason st.
IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
positions. German Employment Office, 306
Mason Kt. , ......
Y'ouno LADY can have HOME AND
X maintenance for morning and evening house-
work: convenient, to one that may be otherwise
employed during the day. Address particulars to
C. W., box 29, Call Office. ■
T ADIES, I MAKE BIG WAGES AT HOME,
XJ and want all to have the same opportunity;
the work is very pleasant and will easily pay $18
weekly; this Is no deception: I want no money and
will gladly send full particulars to all sending
stamp. MISS M. A. sTEBBINS, Lawrence, Mass.
RIGHT YOUNG LADY TO KEEP BOOKS
and make herself useful In store. Address 8.,
box 114, Call Office.
NERGETIC LADY OF INTELLIGENCE,
businens ability, to manage office. Address
sal., box 62, Call Office. -. . -
"wr ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
IT school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leaven worm st.
r\RESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
1/ thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JON dressmaking scln 01. 506 Fell st.
LADY IN EACH COUNTY TO RKPRKSENT
wholesale house: good wages guaranteed: ex-
clusive rights; inclose stamp. MRS. 8., 131 Post.
Ur oma TN~FoiT: HOUSECLEANING. CALL ;
»* as soon as convenient at 2021 Powell st. ;
ANTED-GIRLS TO WORK IN PICKLE .
factory. Lewis Packing Company, 626 Fronu ■
/ IOOD FINISHERS ON CU&TOM PANTS:
vi also apprentice. . 923Va Folsom su . . •,
~jj"IR.ST-CLASS OPERATORS ON SINGER OR
1 Wheeler <& Wilson machines. 516£ utter si*
HELP WANTED— Continued. V
WANTED-FOR FAMILY OF 3. GERMAN
" girl, to assist with housework and care child;
wages $12 50. Apply 515 Devisaderp St., between
Hayes and Fell.
p IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK
VT in small family. Call 222 Second aye., Rich-
mond. - - • • '
ViJt'NG LADY TO LEARN TYPEWRITING:
X free. Address S. R-, box 80, Call Office.
LADIES TO SELL TOILET PKEPARA-
tions: hairdressing, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive righis.. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER. 131 Post st. _____
HAIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MlS.n DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
A PPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
A Tues. in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
ENSIONB-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RE-
liable attorneys, 1068 Eint 16th St., Oakland.
AIRDRES.SINO. AND 35c: MOKNINU
and eve classes: lOlessons,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street. '
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third sU, near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
RESBMAKJNG, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught: new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25n en. MrDOWKL', Academy. 21« Powpll sL
MALE HELP WANTED.
cIIOPPERs"Foir^rAN~BARK: *26 AND
£M found: Humbotdt County: 6 months' steady
job. MURRAY <fc READY, Leading Employ-
nient Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
L* LABORERS TO MAKE ROADS IN WOODS:
P $26; steady job. -MURRAY & RKADY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I n FARMERS FOR ORCHARDS, VINE-
A" yards and ranches. $20 and $26; 2 choremen
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU_
UTTER-MAKER; 3 MILKERS. MURRAY
X) <fe READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
i) BLACKSMITHS, COUNTRY SHOPS AND
0 sawmills; wheelwright, country shop; call
early. MURRAY & R 1 -ADY, Leading Empioy-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. ■ .
OA 2-HORSE TEAMSTERS, $1 60, FOR RAIL-
£\J road work, country: 20 laborers, city work,
$175 day. MURRAY <fc I'KADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
Oft TIE MAKKRS. scAND 10c EACH. MUR-
tVKAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 63J Clay st.
a COOKS, $30 TO $65; 4 WAITERS. $25, $30;
*J 3 dishwashers: second cook, $8 a week, city.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
WASHER, HAND WORK. $30 AND FOUND,
"' see boss here. MURRAY & HEADY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 anl 636 Clay st.
SHAMPOOER ~~FOK BATHS AT THE
0 Springs. $25 and found: man to do painting,
paperhanging, etc. for a first-class hotel, $40 and
board; paperhanger, country. $3 50 a day. C. R.
HANSEN <fe CO., 110 tieary St.
SECOND COOK, HOTEL NORTH, $60: WAlT-
er for Springs, who can play piano or violin,
$30; 2 waiters for Springs, $25: 6 waiters, country
hotels. *25; porter, who can play piano, for a re-
sort, $30: bedmaker. country hotel, $25. C. R.
UANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary sU
EXTRA SHAMPOHEH FOR To-DAY; CALL
early. C. Jitt. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
"1 r- WOODCHOPPERS, TO PEEL OAK AND
lw tan bark, $1 a day and found; 6 woodchop-
pers, oak stovewood, near city, $2 25 a cord ; tools
furnished. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
O/i LABORERS, FUR RAILROAD WORK;
— VJ $1 75 a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
U QUARTZ MINERS, «2~75 A DAY; 3 SCAN-
"' diuavlan or German miners, $2 75 a day; 20
farmers, different ranches, $20. $25 and $26; 10
milkers, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. - •
1 C CHOPPERS, TO WORK IN TAN OAK,
• O Humboldt County, bteidy work guaranteed,
$26 and board; fare $5. K. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— BLACKSMITH FOR COUNTRY
» ■ shop, $40 and board; married blacksmith, So-
noma County, $55 and house.free; 10 men to peel
tannark, drive team, etc., $26 aud board; also
milkers, farmhands, men for haying, laborers,
teamsters, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D.
KWKR CO., 626 Clay st.
A NTED-A COMPETENT MAX TO TAKE
'» charge of book, stationery and toy depart-
ment. Address, giving experience, references, age
and salary. O. a. HALE & CO.. San Jose.
W"ANT*;D-50 CANVASSERS. 319 PINE ST.,
room .'6.
WAN TED-2 FIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS TO
'' sell pttrless mineral waters to private fami-
lies and the trade in San Francisco and bay cities;
applicants Bust come well recommended. Ad-
dress P. M. W., box 13. Call Office.
VfANTOIiO CHOKES AND ATTEND GAR-
J.U. den; s.m!l fruit ranch near city: good home,
small wages. Address, stating age, previous em-
ployment, w.r.tes expected, Gardener, oox 66. Call.
rnOBACCO-STRIPPEK WANTED. 3249 SIX-
X teenth St.
ALESMAN, WITH HOKBB AND WAGON"
to sell to stores. 826 Twenty-first St., Oak-
land.
rPAILORS TO TAKE BEATROOM; CON-
X venient place. 803 Montgomery sU, room 6,
third f'oor.
■\7-OCNG MAN WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
lin house-pointing. 1505 Buchanan st.
0" LE MAN, WORK FOR BOARD AND SMALL
wtges. 536 Third st.
lI'DLE-AGED STEADY RELIABLE MAN
a- partner in chicken- ranch: one who under-
stands running an incubator. Call 214 Langton
St., early.
BA 1 B !•: R -SHOP FOR SALE OR RENT; THIS
' > is an extra good- chance for German single
men. Apply bTOLTZ. 630 Market st.
WANTED— Mi;N AND WOMEN TO \vORK
' * a: home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayoi portraits; new patented method; anyone
who cm read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. '
ANTED — INTELLIGENT GENTLEMEN
'• atd ladies In every town to work at home;
neat, steady employment; we pay salary: enclose
stamp. Standard Manufacturing Company, 142
West Twenty-third su. New York. .
JjMR&T-CLASS SIDE LINE FOR TRAVELING
X" men; also city drummers. 23 Davis, room 29.
IDE-AWAKE MAN TO TRAVEL ON COM-
mhsion; call In afternoon. 36 Page st.
l* r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
"» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the Un.ted States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
(service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20" Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cat .-.,.•_
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait, j 638 Market, 0p,.. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 M arket.opp. Will & Finck's, 8. F.
WANTED-BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
" at once; will buy them. Columbia, 128 4th sU
rpO MKKCHANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
I made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
X\7 X ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
1 ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
«nd with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
C 62 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\,i KNTO FKED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■"■*■ all grocers keep it.
W ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
''some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <fc n O., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
nnd list of 200 inventions wanted.
"VT W~ WA~LDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BEX.
-1-^ 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
SOu; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion :o morning calls: clean; quiet; open nil niirht.
ESI PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SKCOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st-, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
ELCHO HuUSK, r 863 MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c, 26c. to 60c night; $1 to $5 week.
TUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, *521
O Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16cper night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
Y^ntedZTTa borers AND MECHANICS
' * to know that Ed Rolkiu, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 160
large rooms: 25c por night: $1 to $3 per week.
\\' INCIf EistEß HOUSE744THIRD ST..NEAR
1 " Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBK RV PROTECTIVF. UNION EMPLOY-
-L> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
L> AUBEK3' ASSOCIATION Or' OAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2; 9 2 O'Farrell.
"UARBEES-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SBC-
X> re'.arrj: a rber»' A mo.. 325 Gran: aye. S. FUOHS.
j)AKBKKS_ BEST- PAY I i 3-CHAIR 15c
>-» Biiop, laundry office and clgar-sta d for sale.
Apply or address A- A BEBDROW, San Jose.
BARBER-SHOP TO LET; $5 A MONTH.
XJ Broadway an 1 Front st.
CI ALF SHOKS MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
/ half-8o!elng 25c up. 969 Howard St.. nr. Sixth.
VSTII MA CUKE GUARANTEED; DR. GOlt-
. V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
am"i.l). me:; to lkarn barber
">' tiade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue s. F. Barber school, 1616 Howard.
( M.KRKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts ai!]ii Bt ed. RATTO'S, 612 .My, tej. m. 353.
BEST il CITY--SING' B ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night . $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific .house. Commercial and Leidesdorg sts. . ■
V S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST;; jbOT-
XJ. tie we? or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ROOMS :6c TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 500 TO »1 50
per w«ek. Oriental, 225 Drummsu
vy HAT cheer, house. 529 sacramento
» ' St.; ax) rooms; best in the city single room*
20 and 25t a night. $1 a week: meals 10a >
HELP WANTEP--Coiitlntied._
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
¥T ers&clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Bnuer
. INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND -HOWARD
I 1 Bts.; single famished rms 75c week, 16c night.
1 i|A MBS TO TAKJfi LODGING AT 100, 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night. Including coffee and rolls.
£24 Washington St.. near Kearny. - '
ANTKD-BINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $T
»» v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay •at.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new. 25c to $1 25. ■ 662 Mission. .'
I." 1 REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOB 6c;
•also a bottl *of latter. 6c. at 637 Clay st. '
'IIJKY ACME HOOSE, i»57 ..i.-\i;KET ST., BE-
I )«.«• K'xfh. 'nr a r«y»m • r> .S" o ntirh'.: «I » «vg»lt.
: AGENTS WANTED. ~!
ToKNTB^WAB IN CUBA" IS THE BOOK
XV to canvass for; 1 agent reports 11 orders first
day; outfits only 50c. F. PERSON, Manager Sub-
scriotion Department, The Whitaker & Ray Co..
723 Market St. .-. ; -.
AN YOU SELL A NEW HIGH-GRADE
specialty to people of intelligence and refine-
ment? if you can I want to see you ; call after 10
a. m. or write. FRAN X HALL, 300 Post st.
HOW TO GET RICH-SELL THINGS THAT
people want; we have them, and aluminum
agents are in it; send for catalogue. Aluminum
Novelty Co., 110 Sutter st. ' ■
T~G*ENTS WANTED TO SELi7N"EW PATENT
A. article. Address L. C. High. Los Gatos, Cal.
MA KE $3 TO $1 0 A DAY SELLING LEATH-
er suspenders: others do: exclusive territory:
sample 60c. ]; 32 Sacrameiito St. '
FURNITURE WANTED. ~
?)D H AND FURNITURE" FOR " COUNTRY;
£i good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOSS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
UF-FORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X) send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H~ Mayer BUYS your FURNITURE,
.'carpets, piano. 1135 Market: fl. Jessie 761.
WANTEU-MISCELLANEOUS.
W^i^T^D^llfo^T^RO^A^^AlßT^lN^
. " condition; cheap. X.. box 11, Call Office.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: nd postal.
7~ :• LOST.
IO6T —PA RROT ; VICINIT V "
J Harrison, Second and Third. Return to 182
Hawthorne st. and receive reward.
TOST-DARK BROWN SPANIEL DOG. RE.
J J turn to saloon, cor. Eighteenth and shot well
sts. ; liberal reward. - -
OST— FRIDAY, BRIDGE MEDAL; IN-
sen pi ion Wm. J. Boradori. Reward at 32
California st. ' _^
1' I OST— SATURDAY, PEARL AND GOLD
XJ opera-glass holder. Return 1430 Ellis, reward.
VOX-TERRIER BITCH, WHITE, TAN EARS.
X double spot right side. 1326 Page St.: reward.
OST— GOLD WATCH AND FOB, WITH MA-
IJ sonic emblem: reward of $25 If returned to
811 Branoan st. ; no questions asked. FRANK T.
MILLER.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
■1 Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of BRIDGET E. SULLIVAN, No.
201518. The finder will please return to bank.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A A A.
A. "Wonderful Gifts."
• . ' Call Them What You May.
People of San Francisco, as well as other cities,
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators, busi-
ness men of . all snides, ladies from every walk in
life, together sound his praise for the benefits they
have received. If you have been deceived by
false predictions of others do not give up In de-
spair, for, while all professions have counterfeit-
ers, remember there would . be no counterfeits if
there were no genuine. His parlors are always
filled with anxious people seeking reliable in-
formation, and every reply is most gratifying: all
are pleased. Professor Eugene gives advice !
on business speculations, investments, love,
courtship, marnace and divorce: settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
speedy am! happy marriage with ;he one of your
choice; he locates mines and buried treasure, tells |
Of your friends and enemies, removes evil influ-
ences, gives advice pertaining to lawsuits, locates
and recovers old estates; developing mediums a
specialty.
A WORD W V
TO
INVESTORS.
Why invest your money in uncertainties when
by calling <ipon Professor F. Eugene he will look
into the future and find for you » safe, sure and
large-paying investment and make no charge for
his service until the Investment pays a handsome
profit? ....... ....
The troubled and unfortunate should seek his
counsel. .Thousands of families long separated
have been united by his efforts: thousands of
hearts made glad through his truthlul predictions.
He is the only clairvoyant on earth recognized by
the profession as their brightest tar. All persons
unsuccessful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
should visit him, seek his aid and start . aright.
Thousands have become wealthy through his ad-
vice. He is ever ready to assist those with capital
te find a safe and good-paying Investment. Young
men starting In business will -find it greatly to
their advantage to consult him on all matters of
financial interest to themselves. . , .
Professor Eugene should not be classed with the
many cheap pretenders . who Infest cities and
bring disrepute to the profession. His past suc-
cesses In matters of great import are a positive
guarantee of his power to perform the wonders !
that have made him famous. All are Invited to I
calL Letters with stamps answered. Hours, 9 \
a.m. to Bp. m. 1728 Market st., parlors 1, 2, 3
and 4. . : _i_ . .. . .-.;
\ SSISTANCE AND ADVICE .
A that makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
: PROFESSOR If. L. CARNELLK,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and ruining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil In-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage * with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture.- Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamo answered. ■ Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays. / , ■
ME- STEWART, THE SEVENTH DACGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees yon a true j
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes !
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon '
the public, for 60c and $1 ; call and be convinced of 1
her wonderful gift. .Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market su j
MX. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success In New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours
9to 8; elevator. ■ ■ .
SPECIAL NOTICE— FOR A CLAIRVOYANT
d'agnose or reading call on or address DR. J.
R. CRAIG, at new office, 14 McAllister st., and
receive free sample of the famous vegetable tablet,
as they cure many human maladies in a very short
time; consultation on all subjects free.
M~ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIR VOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
DO YOU WISH TO HEAR SOME STARTLING
truth about your affairs; then visit MME.
SAY LOR, the queen of clairvoyants; ladies 25c;
gents 60c 136 Hayes St., near Van Ness aye. -
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIKS 26c;
VT gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
pLAIRVOYA.NT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 26c.
VV 41 Minna su. basement. ;
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 811 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
\|ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
■"■*■ past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
VI RS. WILSON— PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE;
i*J ladles 50c, gents $1 no sign. 1722 Market st.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the ptctureof
your luture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
PROF. C LEON. 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ess confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
MM IS. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY":
■I'J- tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
ETHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
-i Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE Ti-.LLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate." 856 Mission.
fr^gp CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
*•*: THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
iri the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
postage free. ■ ■ ■ -.. — .--■ .■ ■ . ■ . ■
_■■_;.' SPIRITUALISM. ~~
"1 1 A HAVES ST. — LADIES' AID; MR& I
LL\J Wells on "How Spiritualism Uplifts Hu-
manity." Tests, Mines. Wermouth and Meyers.
lOeenus. ;.- • -■ . .:...,- .. -
REMOVAL— A DDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
-Li and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except, as a gift. ' ;
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE and BCSl-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. ' 136 Oak st.
VI ME. . DR. THOMAS, . CLAIRVOYANT 25
■"■!■ yrs. Kearny. now 92? Post; fee $1; letter $2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
iM ' trance medium ; sittings $I.' 218 Stockton s- 1
.J: ASTROLOGY. , : ,
VjKDIOAL ASTROLOGY— PROFES^ORTIOW^
■I'-l ard's • vital remedies ■■' remove - all •• chronic
troubles and restores to perfect health. 311 Hyde
it., 10 to 8. ? .....
H IROMANCY (PALMISTRY) TAUGHT
\J and the hand read: from 50c. 1422 Hyde st.r 1
DR..MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: dally or by mail. $2. 36^ Geary st.
TYPEWRITERS.
V'bs-T, CaTiGRAPhT"S2S; SEND FOR
X • sample work. SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333 Monty
' . BUSINESS CHANCES^
TF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS r'LACE
1 of any kind, or lodging-house, see T. LL bhL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
© 1 Finn BEKR BOTTLING WORKS: -- 3
tJplt/UU. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month: investigate
this rare chance: the place will stand the fullest
Investigation. . T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall uve.
POT CASH PAID IOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBEL-SKI. 7 City Hall aye.
CI? OH A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
tip t/UU. lor taking In $35 a day: tine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain ; see
this at once: object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
AVE~PURCHASERS"foR COUNTRY BUSl-
ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Of 1 HArt PARTNER IN FINE itUSINKSS;
tJpxl'vJU. no Sunday or evening work: the
place is already established and doing well: fullest
; investigation ; reference; experience not required.
! T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
/"1 ROGER Y STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VT stock, doing large family trade; this Is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIIIAN. 509 Kearny st.
Wanted— a small INVESTMENT IN a
»» legitimate manufacturing business proposi-
tion; strictest investigation solicited; clear over
$200 a month for Investor. Address Inventor, box
67, Call Office.
TTNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
\J general merchandise and hotel business In
Tuolumne County: doing a business of $4000
monthly; five acres of cround on prii cipalstre t;
business yielding good returns. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO., 63b Market St.
(JU'AA WILL PURCHASE AN INTEREST
«Jp O\J\J for the coast In the manufacture and sale
of a device that will pay you $200 a month, money
secured; particulars upon interview only. Ad-
dress Purchase, box 11, Call.
STABLISHED CANDY AND ICECREAM
XJ factory. 403 Jones st. ■
OOD CHANCE FOR SMALL CAPITALIST;
safe investment. Particulars A. H. ELLIOT,
Attorney-at-l»w, Nevada block. Montgomery st.
<m rr\ LUNCH-COUNTER BUSINESS IN A
«Jp«.)U. place where hundreds of men congregate
every day; free rent; sold on account of ■ other
business. Apply 16 Leldesdoril st.
C&inflA HALF INTEREST IN OLD ESTAB-
«|PXUUV/. lished, well stocked, good paving
general store out of town; double value in sigh:;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call ' Office.
ILK ROUTE, 9 CANS. ADDRESS W. A.,
box 20, this office.
/DAMPING TENT, $6: PIANO, $25: PANEL-
\J top wagon; new tent show outfit, cheap. 3928
Nineteenth st.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
<Jtl Z(\ CHICKEN RANCH NEAR BEULAH
*Ip X O\J . Park ; 460 chickens: furnished house,
I orchard and garden. 766 East Thirty-fifth St.,
Oakland.
POSITION AND INTEREST IN POPULAR
X business for $2000; immediate profits and
money secured. Address W., box 60, Call.
PARTNER FOR BEEit-BOTTLING: AGENTS
X for Carlsbad mineral water. 712 Fourteenth st.
PARTNER WANTED; HAVE OP.PORTUN-
X ity to make big profits in reai-estate transac-
tion by building: perfectly safe: $2000 required;
30 days want partner to furnish $1000. Contrac-
tor, 1402 Devisadero st.
PARTNER (LADY) AT ONCE FOR LUNCH-
-L room; good location; low rent; 9150. Partner,
box 17, Call Olhce. ■
/COPPER BONANZAS— SOME URGE COP-
\J per mines, containing gold and silver, for sale.
CHAS. F. BLACKBURN, International Hotel.
ffiJftOft BAKERY: FINE BRICK OVEN:
«JpUUv. using 2 barrels flour daily ; rent cheap;
locality finest; all store trade; fine living-rooms;
if you see this bargain you will purchase. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Half^ve.
GOOD BUSINESS BARGAIN: ESTABLISH-
ed; the whole or half Interest. 414 McAllister.
p ROCERY AND BAR, TRANSFER CORNER^
"I Apply this office; no agents.
TJ IGU-GRADE GOLD LODE FOR SALE OR
XX company. V., box 33. this office.
] "VTOTICE TO MILKMEN— WANTED FOR
; -L' milk trade of restaurant using 20 cans or more
daily; will guarantee trade 2 years: will • pay 50c
per can: milk must be good. J. B. C, box 63", Call.
ALF INTEREST IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
shoe business in Oakland: a rare chance for
the right man. Address box 27, Call Office, Oak-
land.
I?ORSALE OR RENT— FIRST-CLASS BLACK-
X smith and machine-scop in one of the best
towns in the State. Address D. A. FAULKNER,
354 Twe'fth St., Oakland.
IP OR SALE- WITHIN 3 DAYS, A FINE
X saloon near car house: make an offer, i Apply
at 230 Third st.
pUEAPFRUIT, CANDY ANDCIGAR STORE.
\J Hayes- st. entrance to Golden Gate Park.
p ROCERY ANDBAR; FINECORNER; CASH
VX. business: rent taken out in trade; will sell
cheap. Apply 439 Grove st. .
WILL SELL HALF INTEREST OR PAY RE-
liable party handsome commission to sell a
valuable patent in Dominion of Canada. 1). C.
box 7, Call Office. • - . •
ARE CHANCE— CORNER GROCERY AND
bar; 3 living-rooms and kitchen: yard; rent
$15: call at once; worth double the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth su
' ANTED— TO TRADE HORSE AND b gg V,
town lots and bakery outfit for restaurant or
lodging-bouse. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
©OKA FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE; FINE
tjP'JOyj. bargain. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
IF YOU WANT 1O BUY, SELL OK EX-
change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mac-
GILLIVRAY & CO.. 1028 Market St., 8. F. ; we
will gaurantee to sell in 30 days.
dj* 1 l\(\(\ FOR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED
VP ±U\J\J. saloon. lar:: trade, good chance for a
German: owner wishes to retire on account of
other business; rent $90. Apply HOTEL
GAZKTTE, 420 Kearny. .
GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR A NEWS-
paper man to purchase half or whole of a
thriving daily near San Francisco: present owner
must go East; investigate this; fine circulation,
good .advertising patronage and complete plant.
Address A. W*., 405 Sansome sU, city.
AKERS, ATTENTION!— RARE CHANCE
J> to open and build up a good business in large
neighborhood, with all utensils complete; rent
reasonable, Inquire at 1602, Webster, Alameda.
OR SALE— FINE BRANCH BAKERY;
X fine trade; account of sickness. Apply Call.
p OOD CASH MEAT MARKET: GOOD REA-
VT son for selling. Apply Five-mile House,
FRED MIUNCKE, saloon. - '
<5»1 nr BAKERY AND COFFEE SALOO.V,
«JPI- I O. with oven and stock; must sell; bar-
gain for right Darty; call at Once; no agents. 306
Fourth st.
ffljOAflA FIRST-CLASS SALOON: LEASE;
fJp^jOV/U. good trade; owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address JONES, box 66, Call.
AN WISHES A FINE GROCERY AND
bar: state price. Address G. 8., box 7. CalL
ALOON FOR SALE. 29 TURK ST., IN BAY
O City Market.
AKERY AND RESTAURANT FOR SALE
at 49 Second st.
\Y ANTED-BY A LADY, PARTNER IN COF-
»T fee, Icecream and candy parlors; lady pre-
ferred; cash. . 1627 Stockton st.
E^TAURANT; FIRBT-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33'Jl Mission.
VI ANTED— PARTNER WITH FROM $4000
"to $5000 to engage in general merchandizing
in mining town. Address Partner, box 16, Call.
lI*OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS DRUGSTORE;
fully stocked: in a flourishing town; in a rich
agricultural section: $3000; good terms and good
reasons for selling; apply at once. 941 Howard.
"pARTNEfTwirH $]00 CAPITAL WANTED
X by lady of means. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
TEXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP: FIRST-
X class branch bakery. 166 Grove st.
ANTEO-TO BUY CENTRALLY LOCATED
restaurant; give street ; and number: if by
agent, give street and number of office and res-
taurant. C. J.. box 148, Call Office.
VOR SALE — THE OLD - ESTABLISH ID
-T drugstore, ■ cor. Suiter and Powell sts., known
as Shaw's Pharmacy. - Apply to GEO. A. BALL,
assignee. 530 California St., room 67.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
and bar owner going in other business; living-
rooms: low rent; lease; $1250; principals only.
Call Office. . ' . -.
I/Km W ELL-KNOW N~ DYEING AND
-T cleaning establishment; good reasons for sell-
Ing. Por particulars apply at Call Branch Office.
619 Valencia st.
o ALOON FOR SALE-$450; WELL STOCKED-
O good location: good reason for selling: no
agents. Address Z., box 148, this office.
Oljfl CIGAR-STORE WITH LIVING-
— \J\J. rooms; on account of sickness. : 1127
Mission st. .
A LOON FIXTURES; FINE OUTFITS-
gnat barcaln. Apply to L. GOUDSMIT. 818
Geary st., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. m.
CjTC PARTNER WANTED BY LADY IN
<p I Kf. good p:OKOsltlon. 11 lay lor st.. room 1
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market, room 2.
ffl»7C BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
<IP *O. store. Inquire 1024 LeavenwortU st.
O ALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. APPLY
O at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
T7IOR SALE— FINE GROCERY AND BAR AT
X a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts. • ' 
01* PLnYTO CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS i-OR
«JptJl'llU. sale: well established: complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. I. CASTELHUN. rooms 4 and 5, 3 -5
Montgomery st. :
In OOD-'PAYJNG RESTAURANT: Bhi. tvvu
VT carhouses: living-rooms; rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st. ■".-.■ ,;:. . .  ...
("Nuance OF a LIFETIME— i WANT a no.
\J 1 single man, with a good recorl, able to do
hard work -In the country; must engage for one
year and have $300; salary $50 a month and
board; profits on investment will amount to $1000
a year • xtra: particulars at personal interview.
Address W., box 121. Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
~<s> onrw \ first - class » groceryPnq
S)_UU"». bar: located on one of the busltsi
streets; horse and wagon: large cash trade; bar-
gain. HICKOK A CO., 873 Va Market st.
ROCERY and b~ar FOR sale. 55 j
VJT Minna su, bet. -Ixth and Seventh.
RANCH BAKERY, CONFECTIONERY 7
■ notion; laundry office. 317'  O'Farrell st.
i)',,A BUTCHER BUSINESS; FINEsI
_t)WU. fitted market in th s city, no excep-
tion: good cash and outside trade; horses.wagons'
investigation invited. S HO Hayes st.
171 OR SALE— PORK AND DELICACY STuRE
r with story. $75. 1430 Howard.
TflOR SALE— AT 729 MONTGOMERY A<Te~-
J? good, nice delacacles-store: doing good businos.v
reason for selling, wife has become an Invalid.
T,M)R SxLE— GOOD BUSINESS WITH~ST^Uk
J 1 and fixtures, suitable for man and wise or 2
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post st.
(ttfin; BRANCH BAKKRYAND VATtTFrvI
tJfc__O. store: must sell on account of death
Inquire this office.
/"I ROCER WANTED, TO START CA^TnTSo:
VT eery: cheap rent: neighborhood without one
Apply 2201 Adeline >t., Oakland.
/CALIFORNIA GOLD MINE-* A SPEcITITY^
\j can furnish any kind of gold property, (has'
F. BLACKBURN. 824, 826 Kearny St., city.
pROCERY-STORE; 3 ROOMS: FIXTURES'"
VX some stock: to let. 2-'Ol Fifteenth st. '
L^OR SALE— HORSE, HARNESS. RfTiGT"
X 1 bicycle, 1 electric lan- for sale, trade or -.«!
curlt> : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
TT'LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLeTv"
X and in good order: always plenty on hand. J. a,
322 Pacific st., basement.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODGL
ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
~\ M. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST. -
A. 16 rooms: vicinity Nob Hill; fine buy.. 55.10
36 rooms; completely furnished; pickup; at. .$6OO
50 rooms: $125 month guaranteed; none better.
124 rooms; known all over California $4000
1 A -KOOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BAKGAIN-"
It: must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 ;:-i!oom cor. HOUSE, NEAR Baldwin
IO must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
(JJQKA MUST BE SOLD; WELL FURX-
tJpOUv/. ished house of 14 rooms: good location
ou California st. See QUINN, 53 Chronicle bldg.
01 or HOUSE FOR SALK OF 8 FUR-
tir±^O. nlshed rooms; large chicken-; and
flower garden: water free; rent s2s. Forimor-
ma.ion call at 432 Minna st.
pOOD-PAYING. CLEAN AND SUNNY COR-
" T ncr house of 11 rooms; must sell on account of
other business. Inquire 411 Third st.
/| Q ROOMS, BEST~PAYING HOUSE, CHEAP:
"v easy terms. 115 Second st.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600-
-■~-O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth -x.
FURMTUKK FOX SALE.
A~" Sf : S^I*E^fTbE^XOUNGEsI
60 bed-lounges (worth $7 60) $4 00
Floor oilcloth -jo
English Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4 -room outfit, solid oaK 75 00
SHiREK & SHIREK, 747 .Market st.
BEFORE SELLING FURNITURE. CARPETS
or merchandise see J. C. MUTHER. 601 Cali-
fornia st., cor. Kearoy.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
"PURE SALE J " " '
£ Prices stand till good* are completely dl*.
posed of.
Oak bed seta ...,„...,. $H ">1
Bad lounges h )i
Stoves... ' 7 50
Carpets, peryard................ ._ 53
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard , 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices wit!
stand. Till such time we are conducting busman
at SB. comer seventh and Mission hu. I.
NOONAN.
A(U\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $U.
t:v/U stoves, $5: parlor gets, $20: foldtne-be.lt,
*10: bed- ounces. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY ll.'-uii
CAKI'ET CLEANING.
/^ABPKTCLICANXBrG, Be.; LAYING, 3c ; BUG
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. BTRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth St.
"Treat western carpet- i
V r works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
ONES CO CAKPii.l' - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 B'h.
HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worn send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehamo St.; teL So. 4U.
CIONKLIN '8 CARPET EKATING WORKS. SSS
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY BTKAM RPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting. 38 Btb. (sTEVKNS, msr. Tel, south 250.
/CARPETS CLKANED AND RENOVATKD
V like aetv. FERGUSON ct CO., 23 Tenth; tei.
fcouth Hi. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. Bucceaaori.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. _'4U
.14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7L
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. o vat 1 rig works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 22M.
musical INSTRUMENTS.
I ANOS ; HALF PRICE. '. \"
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
Q* IMX i-'INE' BABY GRAND PIANO: A
«lpJL— O, bargain. 614 Sutter.
TTiLEGANT PIANO; SLIGHTLY USED: FINE
J-i order: cheap. Sheriff's warehouse, 211 Larkin.
fl> 1 C HALLET DAVIS PIANO FOBS ALB;
dp'itJ. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenwortii st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY <fc CO., Stein way representatives.
'A STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STERL-
A ing $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'3, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
A stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKH CO., 933 -Market St.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEWT
atasacriMce. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
BEAT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINE UpT
VT rights, $125 and $ 150 each: call early If you
want a bargain. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
"DEFORB BUYING SEE HAINE BROS. , BUSH
X) & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post st.
CILOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OK
) small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a tine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
Uy; violins, $1 36: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J.HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st.. Spreckels building.
i; lOC FINE CHICKERING; SCHMITZ, 16
tjplZuJ. McAllister st., next to Hlbernia Bank.
/WHICKERING, KNABK, STUCK. VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano lor $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <t SON. 16 O'FarreU.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST BT POHMER,
New by <fc Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
0 H. MTJLLKR. maker. r«-"lr" 2 lAthaippUea.
UOKSKS. '
Q^G^O^^HORSEsTcAKTS AND HARNESS;
0 cheap. Call or address 14% Albion aye.
GOOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
horse, $25; a bargain. Apply 159 Second su
\\r ANTED— A TEAM OF HORSES; MUST BE
»» cheap. 1555 Kearny st.
ORSES AND BUGGIES FOR SALE. 1628
Howard st.
OR SALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNO
workhorses. 426 Valencia. JAMES D. FOR-
RESTER. - - ■
1 >raft HORSES for SALE OR ex-
J > change for light buggy horses. 38 California.
\\7 ANT D— 4 HORSESTO BOARD: REASON-
»* able rate. Apply 428 Turk st.
T/>OB SALK -SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE,
r well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate aye.
1 CA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
-1«_)U ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surnys,
rockaways, carts ; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons, harness, e:c. at Derby stables, 645
Ueary.cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
CAn BET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
OUU neas; all kinds: buggy. wasron, carts, surrey
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
*f\ HOUSES *Ort SALE; ALSO WAGON
4 U buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade UorM
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wedne*-
Hay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OR!;E-< PASTURED; . SIiND FOR CIRCU-
IT, lar. Thi» Ilvrte Ranch. 630 <'omm<*rcli\l st.
WAGONS AM) CAKKIAGES.
LETE^A^TpING~OUTFrf IN
town; double huruess and wagon, bo'.h nearly
lew. 415 Washington st. /
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES:
J samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
NEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-'
Ll dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
md a fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
STORAGE. "
p H. ROONE V.' 72iTMISsloir^T?mXaE~vf
1 .redrced rittes: basement storage, sl 50 per load
IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
J proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
V vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4
r OWEST RATES-FURNITURE. PIANOS.
U household goods, etc J. M. T'erce, 735 Markeu
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS:
CX. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.CITY REAI.' ESTATE.
p '•_ UMB_EN~_Tco " ' "** "• I ~~"
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. '
Office and salesrooms, 14 Montgomery st, near
Market.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
We will sell at auction, by order of executors, to-
morrow, Monday. June 15. 1896, at 12 o'clock noon,
&t our salesrooms, building at 660 Bryant st.
bet. Fourth and Fifth, and leasehold, which has
office" 1 * yearsyet t0 "»n. Further particulars
PROPERTIES AT PRIVATE SALE. BAR-
GAIN&
WILL TRADE OR SELL.
Ql 0 f;p;a pubstantialimprove-
« . , £;""• ments on Hyde st; stores and
flat; lot 31:6x60; will take unimproved property
la part payment.
BUSINESS LOTS.
$4100. MISSI0:!I ST.; 30:9x117:6 TO AN
BOOTH SAN FRANCISCO INVESTMENT.
4 FLA 18 AND LOT 60x200;
V"""v, Fifteenth and Fourteenth aye*.
PARK LOT.
&3000 FELL STREET; 25x100.
BUSINESS* CORNER IN THE MISSION.
<%QI 000 FRONTS .ON 3 STREETS:
«I ') X .\J\J'J . transfer point; improvements and
lot equal to 9 lots.
FAIRMOUNT.
<ftl XP\O COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS, ETC.;
CIOJU. high basement: brick foundation;
26x100; just 1 short block from electric road.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE: CHEAP.
<3M 9'%f| FINE SUBSTANTIAL RESIDENCE
<iP "uU. of 8 rooms and bath; bay-windows;
brick foundation, etc. ; lot 30x100; Golden Gate
aye.; this is a lovely home. I
BUSINESS LOT.
©OOOX SACRAMENTO ST.; 27:6x133:7%;
<£)OG_<U. street accepted.
SMALL TENEMENT PROPERTY.
9000 rent $22 per month; 2 TENE-
<p_.UUU. ments, 6 and 4 rooms.
FLATS ON RIDLEY ST. '
CjXl Kfj NEAR MARKET ST.; 3 NICE
*3)*- f XO\J. new flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; bay-windows; brick foundation; stone
wains; rent $42 50.
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
Q')QAA COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
<P_OUU. of 5 rooms, etc.: 28x137:6; nicely
located.
TEINER-STREET LOT.
S2'^so 24x81:5: NEAR HAIGHT ST.
GOOD INVESTMENT ON POWELL STREET.
8699 000 3 BRICK BUILDINGS, RENT-
«rp_j_.UUU. ing for $75 per month; 60x77 to
rear street
RICHMOND INVESTMENT.
QOftAA 4 NICE FLATS 4 ROOMS EACH:
<3OVJ\J\J. brick foundation; rent $45; 25x100.
FORECLOSURE.
QJOOO STH ST.. NR. MARKET: SUB-
• l\i\J\J. stantial 3-story building: lot 30x115:
mortgage of $3000 : can be converted into flats at
little expense and be made to pay handsome in-
terest
ELEGANT HOME: BARGAIN.
<^000 NOB HILL OF THE MISSION:
<* (.\J\J\J. corner on Guerrero si.; fine mansion
of 9 rooms and ba.h. laundry, etc.; bay-windows;
brick founaation; stone walks; both streets ac-
cepted; lovely flower garden and lawn: 50x92:6;
fine views; mortgage of .* jOOO can remain.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
I^oo GREENWICH ST.; 2 NEARLY
♦_*«-"-'"• new bay.-window flats of 5 and 4
rooms and bath each; large basement; brick foun-
dation, etc. ; rent $35.
8 FLATS ON SAN JOSE AYE.
CjJ^nO A GRAND BARGAIN: 3 BAY-
1 0\f \J. window flats of 6, 5 and 5 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation, etc.; stone walks;
25x94.
RICE MISSION HOME.
1 Qnn A LOVELY MODERN BAY-WTN-
•rli'v'U. dow cottage; brick foundation, etc.;
sunny side of street, near several lines of street-
cars: well located; 26:1x114. -•.-•'.;
bargain near 26th and mission sts.
fl_ I 1 .^O cottage of 4 ROOMS; chick-
«lP I. J. U\J. en-house; high basement; 25x112:6;
will be told on easy terms; this is a good buy.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON DEVISADERO ST.
<SM9~A COT TAG BAND LOT; 25x80; HIGH
■. i-iK/, baspment: could be converted into j
store and fiats at little expense.
MCE WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
QOI 00 NEAR I:L: AND BUCHANAN
<„ OiuU, streets. substantial oay-n-indow cot-
tage of 6 rooms and ba>h: brick foundation; stone j
walks, etc. ; street accepted; 25x90; no reasonable
offer reins d.
.POSITIVELY MUST BE ' SOLD, . ■ V *tr --
SVQOO OWNER DESIROUS OF GOING
O — O\J\J. East: 2 modern flats of 5 and 4 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc.; sunny line
of Jersey street; 25x114.
ANOTHER SNAP ON FELL STREET.
(2jQ^.AA 2 NICK HOUSES OF 7 AND 6
d_)O«JUU. rooms and bath each; rent $16: *&of
lot vacant; 55x137:6; street accepted by tha ci:y.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
WILL E. FISHER <fc CO., REAL ESTATE
*» agents and general ioneers; rents col-
lected, insurance placed; houses rented. 14
lost st.
RICHMOND.
(j_7prn 21 ST AYE.. BET. PT. LOBOS aye.
C 1 I <JU . and clement sU: $50 down, 810 per
month; s >it ro road close by; street macadamized
un i sewered
Cl f\^C\ 25x120; 2D AYE., NE_R PT.
1 UUU. Lobos; $100 down, $10 per month;
lots en Clement st. ; marine view; Sutro railroad.
WESTERN ADDITION. -
_? 1C A A NORTH SIDE SACRAMENTO, 110
> 1 UUU. ft. west of Cherry; 27x127.
_9^AA 27:6x137:6: BUsSU ST., NEAR
Devisadero.
_ 97 Pin NX - coB - EDDY; 32:6x100; A
© — I OU. bargain.
MISSION.
<_: 100 SE - COR - TI ALY AND lisbo* STS-
1 \f'j. near Mission-st. car* ; large lot.
<_19nn 24x114; EIGHTEENTH ST., NR.
tJS X _.' 'U. Noe: make offer.
_91 7O ONLY 3 LEFT; FOLSOM ST., BET.
0~l I U. 24th and 25th; the grand boulevard
of the Mission. _____
IMPROVED.
G> 99?_n COTTAGE: TWENTIETH ST., NR.
&£Z<O\J. Diamond; s2so down.
(3.0000 I >KU "'- : REDUCED ON THAT ELE-
<p—OUU. gant new 5-room cottage, 6th aye.,
nr. Pt. Lobos; must be sold within 10 days; $500
© '^900 TWO ELEGA NT FLATS OF 6 AND
'„<-)— UU. 7 rooms; rent $40: Oak St., nr. Ash-
bury: must be sold.
(JJ()"A WEBSTER ST., NR. JACKSON;
O'J— '«JU. lot 25x100; substantial 6-toom house;
lot worth the money. .■■:.< .-.-..
<_>£•- AA NEW FLATS; ABHBURY
CU«JUU. Heights; rented for $55: can be
bought on monthly installments of $65; very
choice location.
_£i^nn PINE ST. RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS
♦JSUOUU. and bath: $500 down; balance
monthly.
G»7^.AA HOUSE OF 3 ELEGANT FLATS;
«_) I oyjyj. Guerrero st- near 17th: Income $67.
<i_l 000 CHOICE N£. COR. ON POLK
<~ 1 iJ.UUU. St.: business center: store and 11
rooms above; rent $100; must besold: make offer.
6 60-VARA. ON THE APEX AND PINNACLE
of the choicest residence site of this city; for
sale either in 60-varas or subdivision*.: location
Clay and Octavia: marine view north, south, east
end west; impossible of obstruction; the famous
Lafayette Park, now known as Holladay Heights!
title absolutely pcrfec : terms reasonable.
Houses and lots f(jr sale in all parts of the city.
Call for lists. /
.. WILL E. FISHER & CO.. 14 Post st ■
SOUTH OF PARK AND CLOSE IN. ; •
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
9th aye. to 10th aye., bet. L and M sts., 200x240.
10th aye-, bet. M and N sis., 300x120.
Corner 11th aye. and N st, 126x120.
Corner 12th aye. and o st, 100xl2U.
Corner 10th aye. and O st, 150x120.
Corner 9th aye. and O St., 1 120.
Cor. 9 ii and 10th ayes. and L st., :6x240.
Corner Bth aye. and N St.. 85x63x500.
ROBERT J. MERCER &50.V.410 Pine at
(T> A r-f\(\ HERE IS A SNAP; IORXhKO.N
»JP "irOUU. small street Inside of Klghth, proo-
erty In fine condition and rents for $66 per man ;
no better Investment In the city.
$1 2.000— Devisadero st. ; residence lot. 60x137 : 9,
with 13-room house as good as new; everything
modern. J. W. WRIGHT <_ CO., 628 Market st.
T OOK AT THIS. ■
©I QA CASH AND $12 50 PER MONTH
_) LOU gets $900 housi; and lot
G»99n CASH AND $15 PER MONTH GETS
»>_._.U $1100 house and lot.
_>OCn CASH AND $18 PER MONTH GETS
i*dL\)\J $1300 house ana lot '
_>9AA CASH AND $20 PEK MONTH GETS
«_)OUU Sl6OO house and lot.
_qca CASH. AND $23 PEB MONTH GETS
«_>O_)U $1800 house and lot.
T OTS ON GRADED .-TREET 600 FT. FROM
J Mission cars $400 to «600.
Coma out and look at houses already built; se-
lect lot. choose your plan and have house ready to
occupy in 30 to 60 days: come to 3900 Mission st
ONLY $:00 CASH, BALANCE AS RENT IF
desired; new and handsomely decorated resi-
dence, near panhandle; unobstructed marine
view; every room sunny and overlooking the park ;
built oy day work; ail latest Improvements. Ap-
ply 2203 Fulton tit; take Hayes or McAllister at
cars to tnepT_. ____________
■Q JO BARGAIN. ' .... - -
$1966— 0ak St.. near Ashbnry; 25x100: cement
sidewalk and granite curb laid: $12 iO bank mort-
paVe can remain. TOBIN _ McNALLY, 630
Ma net st ;
"TUST COMPLETED: HOUBK OF 14 ROOMS
O and servant's room: 2 baths: finished in natu-
ral woods-oak, bird's-eye maple, mahogany and
curly redwood; gas and incandescent lighting; 1
Presidio Heights, cor. Clay and Laurel. Apply to
owner on premises.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, REAL JSSTATK
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st
CM £» (\C\C\ Rj£N "T $1584 PER ANNUM;
>x.u,\j\J\j. excellent improvements: lot 50x
120; two fronts; Butter st., near Buchanan.
©19 AAA MAGNIFICENT BUSINESS
«E5__j.UUU. corner on FHlmore st, 29 00,
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
TTOME ON HAVES ST.: ONLY S3OOO ASKED:
XX an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x78:6.
(IHOICE CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
VJ side, near Steiner; 2 frontages: terms easy;
will take lot in part payment: owner leaving city.
§1 ft (\C\f\ EDDY, SB. GOUGH; MAN-
XO.UUU. slon of 14 rooms and bath; lot
:9x120 to rear street
<«_1 A (\f\f\ HAVES, NEAR FILLMORE; x
0-J-Tt.UUU. large flats: rents 8110; lot 353
137:6.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X B rooms and bath; all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
fflf/^CAA WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVIBA-
<ITU«JUU. dero— 7 rooms and bath : conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE. .
_/l(^nn EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
_:UUU. 4 nice fiats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
Q_£A.AA PAGE, NEAR BRODERinK: KEST-
tIpUUUU. dence of 7 room and bath: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON & BURKE.
© F^nnn 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
tit) OUUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
C]>7nAn BUSS, NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
<£) I UUU. 60x100; well rented for $63 per
month; part of lot still vacant
<_A9nn PARKER AYE., COR. BT. ROSE'S;
«Jpo:_-UU. cottage 5 rooms; lot 56:4x100.
CM Ann POST, KB. SCOTT; 2 COTTAGES;
Jfr_:UUU. 25x87:6.
©9^nn 9TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA: 2
O — «JUU. flats 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$25; lot 26x120. _
_QnAA RENTS $336 PER ANNUM; 3
tJjOUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
Q99AA P-EDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
<JP_j_jUU. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats; lot 25x75.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
in subdivisions.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vicksburg; 50x114.
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700— Broderick, near Bush: E. side: 30x103.
$8250— Hayes, nr. Fillmore: 25x137:6.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
82'JOO-Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
82050— near Scott: 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderlck; re-
duced from $3000.
$1800— Noe, near 18th: 25x110.
$1800-19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near f-_Ticher.; 25x114.
SBoo— Pt. Lobos. iir. 28th aye.; '-'oxlOO.
MADISON <fc BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon Rhkijt.
OF. YON RHEIN _ CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
McAllister, near Buchanan: 53:9 x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coaiyard; rents $105.
I,ooo— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
aye. ; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
$60.
$9000— .Tones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and batn each;
rents $95.
$8000-Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 8-story
house; 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot
22x68:9: 2 flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 40x122:6 to
Pfeiffer: double 2-story house on each frontage;
rents $64; will sell either frontage.
$6600— Oak. near Lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
*6000— VaUejo, near Sansome; 36x57:6; 4-story
tenements: rents $57. •*
$6Uoo— Cbenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear;
street on railroad; 123x125; 2 bouses
$5500— Kills, near Buchanan: 25:9x60; brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and but u.
$5200— near Leavenworth; 43:9x137:6;
two iron and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$50W— San Jose aye,, near 24th st; 27x175; 8
rooms and bath; fine grounds.
$5000— near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
$4500-Broder!ck and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house: 6 rooms and bath. ■
§3000— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3500— Uough ami Lombard; 58x84; private
residence.
$3300— Larkin. bet Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath;- rent $27 60; easy
terms: '-'_ :hx99.
' 163000— 1'uciiic, near Hyde; 20x73; 2 flats: rents
$26.
$2850— Broadway, near T.eaven worth: 22:11 x
137:6; rear house _nd stable.
$2500— Roy place, near Sacramento st: 22:4.
x 58:9: 2-story house, 2 flats, 10 rooms: rents Z'2o.
$2400— Keunebec, near Jefferson; 50x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms and bath; rent $.2.
Mouiton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x62:0: 2-story bouse; 2 flats; rents $18.
Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leavenworth: 76x87:6;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4r,00-23d and Florida; 75x104.
$2250— Clay, near Baker: 26x105.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe: 50x114: will subdivide.
SI -DO — 4 lots; Ocean road, near 'J4li:; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 26tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
toKllen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65torear street. "• \ " . . -..' ?
*900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lace Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114. - ;
JOHN PFORR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
tl Safe Deposit, offers for sale : >
$32,500— Fine downtown O'Farrell-st business
property; rents $160.
$2000-rine st, near I.yon; 31x87:6.
$3900— 2-story 6-room house, In fashionable
neizhborhood.
$0 5. 000— fine downtown brick Improved cor-
ner, renting at $325 per month.
Cheap— Masonic avenue, north of Frederick
St.: lot 25x106:3; all on the grade.
Reduced to $12, 501.'— Howard- st. near 4t_; 3-
story; 'l stores and rooms upstairs; lot 30x80.
$6800— Fine corner, near Ellis and Webster:
2-story: bay-window: lot 24x95; rent 540.
$V!OUO-30th St.: 5-room house: lot '25x125.
V&7000— Rent $60: Folsom-st boulevard; 3-story
house, store and 2 flats; lot 28x100.
$3000— Natoma st; 2-3 tory; 8 rooms: lot 25x70:
rent $30.
$28,600— A snap: the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th Rts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
bouses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 6 un 1 6 rooms and
bath each: also 2 5-room cottages on 17th st; lot
66x1 00: rent $2280 per annum.
$37,000— Splendid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
per month and will greatly improve In value. i
$3000— 7th St., near Brannau; lot 35x75, with
Improvements: renting at $30.
$2000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st,
near Valencia. . >>*V-s
UNIMPROVED.
$3200-Haight St., npar Raker: 25 or 50 by 110,
$3100— Corner on Fillmore st. ; 24x82.
81250—25x80; 24th St.. near Dolores.
$SoO— Noe St.. near DOth; lot 38:6x76. 'sfV< y- :
$3500— Lot 76x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts. ; make offer. '
T)RnA DWAY, NR. GOUGH; 6 ROOMS, BATH;
X> 25x133; cheap.
Corner Octavia and Vallejo; 8 rooms, bath;
25x112:6; half cash.
Golden Gale aye., nr. Laguna St.; 6 rooms, bath;
27:6x120.
$'J2.'>o— St.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
hacramento st., nr. Devisacero; cottage, 6 rooms,
bath; * 32 -.6.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$2250— C0r. Castro and Jersey sts.: 30x70.
$850-Ml>sion st., nr. Brazil ; 2:<_83:6.
$80"J— 30th st, nr. Sanchez; 35x125.
25th St., nr. Dolores; 60x114.
if —Bos wort 1 1 st.. nr. Mission road: 25x100.
Laldley st. nr. Roanoke: 25x100.
$200— Butler, nr. Courtiand aye. ; 25x70.
Cor. 20th and Diamond sts.: 110x125.
Cheap lots In all the homesteads.
' W. 11. CRIM _ CO., 118 Montgomery st
■RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
POINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE. 41ST, 42D
X and 43d ayes.: choice lots on electric-car line;
grand water view.
GORE LOT; 650 FEET MAIN FRONTAGES
VjT on Point Lobos, Cliff House, 42dand 43d avea.;
grand ocean view.-
BKRNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
Selgcl and Powhattan aye.; easy payments.
C. H. -REYNOLDS & CO.,
■ 323 Montgomery st
TF YOU ~ —~ T ~
IF YOU never visited THE HEYMAN TRACT,
Havo never vi=ited THE HEYMAN TRACT,
you don't want to delay any longer: the lots are
being offered at big bargains; terms,
$50 DOWN AND $10 MONTHLY.
All lots ready to bu'.id on ; it takes but 15 minutes
ride; street work done: Spring Valley water and
gas; 150 lots sold: 60 bouses built; go out and
select a lot, you'll never regret It: agents on the
tract to show you around; . take Onstro-st. car to
Twenty-third st, or Miss*oii-Bt. car, transferring at
Twenty-second at. JaCUBUEYMAN, 11 Mont-
-B_______l______
FINE CHANCE FOR AN -INVESTMENT:
1 $250 each; lots 26x120; $10 down and $6
monthly without interest: fronting grand boule-
vard, park and proposed electric road; you can
build on these lots: other park lots from $50 up.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
QJQCA 8100 DOWN, $15 MONTHLY; NEW
•JpC/UU. 3-rooni hard-finished cottage; 6-foot
basement: large lot; all new: a bargain. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st ■■■■-..■ ■-.:.
OTS $160 — FRUIT VALE TERMINAL
tract; «5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 __i_eU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
city real. ESTATE.
]> ALDWIN <fc h2IMMONdT7 ''"" """"^"^" r
Send for complete printed list of lots for sale.
djfi^nn 1422 CALIFORNIA ST., BET.
tjJ)Uc)UU. Hyde and Larkin; lot 47:6x137:6,
with 2-story building; 10 rooms, bath; rent $45.
ffl» OH AA MAKE AN OFFER; MUST BE
?JpOUUU. sold at once; South Park, near 3d st.;
large lot, 42x117:6, with 2-story double house and
rear cottage 5 rooms.
O> 77 C A LARKIN ST., BET. SACRAMENTO
tJT I I O\J. and Clay; 3 flats; 5. 5 ar.d 6 rooms
and bath each; rented for $67 ; lot 2i>xlO3. '
ffliQnrA JACKSON ST., NEAR POWELL; S
«Irt/_-«JV/. flats of 7,7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rent $80; bargain.
ffl>£»CAA 17TH ST., NEAR DOUGLASS: 2-
\JO \J \J . story building, containing 2 nice flats
6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; cost $6250 to build; rent
$45; large lot.
<2i <?nnn ELLIS ST., near PIERCE: TWO-
\JVJ\J. story-aud-basement residence oi 10
rooms, with alt modern conveniences; also fine
stable used for children's playroom; lot 27:6 x
137:6.; :
d_ 9"1 A A EIGHTEENTH ST., BET. CHURCH
<]p.--JLUIs. and Sanchez: cottage 4 rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x100;. very cheap place.
q>COK A VERY EASY TERMS; ONLY *500
tJpiJ—'tJv/. cash, balance same as rent; Locust
St., near Washington; new bay-window cottage of
6 rooms and bach; lot 25x137:6.
© in^n COTTAGE 3 ROOMS ON DAME ST.,
nr. Randall; lot 25x120; easy terms.
QMQEA BIG BARGAIN in modern
tip rtOOV. flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
Fulton st, near Lyon; rent $516 per annum; lot
.6x137:6.
©QOKn 19 LOTS ON J ST., BET. EIGH-
«JpOZi*JU. teen th and Nineteenth ayes.; 2 cor-
ners; big bargain.
4M 1 f\r\f\ pacific aye., near fill-
(jpil.UUV. more st: 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; lot 35x128.
<J_9P\ f\f\(\ HANDSOME CORNER RESI-
«3p_.»J.UUU. dence; Washington st, near La-
guna; contains 15 rooms and all modern improve-
ments; extra large sunny lot. .■- ;.: ■--, • r-J-
-BARGAINS IN LOTS.
<_OAAA FINE NE. CORNER; CASTRO
♦JpZUUU. and Elizabeth sts.; 26:6x105; a bar-
gain; street work done.
<_7nnn SCOTT ST., NEAR PACIFIC aye.:
«JJS i UUU. 40x112; a bargain.
$9"An BIGGEST KIND OF A BARGAIN;
t>p._,«>UU. lot on N. side Bush St., E. of Scott;
27:6x137:6; must De sold.
©Cnn I'ov1 ' ov NEAR COR. OF 12TH AND
tJpCUU. Market sts ; a big bargain.
©Q^nn CALIFORNIA ST., BET. BAKER
UUU. and Lyou; 25x137:6.
®1 Qnn LOMBARD ST., NEAR VAN NESS
«3)±OUU. aye.; 25xia7:8.
©I QPin DE LONG AYE.. NEAR FREDER-
«USICOU. lck st; 30x85.
7 EACH— POINT LOB OS AYE., NEAR
tip • Uu 23d aye.; 5 lots, each 25x100; must be
sold. • ■ ,
BALDWIN <fe HAMMOND,
10 -Montgomery st.
P. A LOTS.
OU $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
$750 AND UPWARDS. V>-
Go out to-day and see the block fronting on
~~~ Ninth and Tenih ayes., and I sts.; facing
Golden Gate Park all: the streets are graded,
sidewalks laid, gas and water piped to the
property. The cheapest lots south of the
park. Buy one
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery at
SLY A FEW OF 'EM LKFT. .■ .
SELLING. FAST.
CHEAPEST RICHMOND LOTS /
.•'..;-. .--- EVER OFFERED. . *
37 lots sold In 2 months; beautiful. level block;
bounded by California ana Lake streets, 11th and
l'Jth ayes.
! $700 ONLY $700
EXTRAORDINARY TERMS.
$50 CASH
AND $10 MONTHLY.
All streets graded, sewered' and macadamized;
school distant one-half .block; cars on California
St., and Sutro Electric road distant one block.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
SHAiNWALD. BUCKBEB .t CO., REAIi £S-
O TATJB AGKNTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED;
$10,000— Pacific arc, N side; 3 good houses;
rent $60; lot 47:4x100 feet; lot alone is wortn the
price aslukf. • • :
SlsoJ— l'rice reduced; fine residence lot ; Jack-
son st., r.r :■■■! ii'iT. closo to public siuare.
$0500— Pine marine vfew"; lot B_. cor. Fillmore
and Green «!8. ; lot 69:9x87:6 feet ;
$5500— Bush st., nr. Ki.luiore: ' substantial 2
story and basement house of 10 rooms and bath;
street bitinniiii?.ed; stone sidewalk; mortgage of
$2500 can remain ; lot 3^:6x137:6 feet
$s'.sO— C«pp St., nr. 22d; new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $45; lot 25x
122:8 feet.
$9250— Page-st. corner residence; must be sold;
cost owner over $12.00"; In Golden Gate Park dis-
trict; terms about $1250 cash, balance on monthly
installment mortgage.
$6001)— Only $500 cash: balance $20 monthly;
new house on .MeAUlster-st. cable line: close to
park; 10 rooms and bath with porcelain tub; pret-
tily decorated; 2203 Fulton St.: owner on prem-
ises daily.
$7000— Price reduced: NE. cor. Pine and Laguna
sts. : very good house of 9 rooms and bath; street
acccp:cd; sidewalk stcne; a bargain.
$10,000— Mason ht., near Jackson: 68:9x91:8:
with very good residence; should -be a tei*ed into
stores and fiats; opposite engine-house, at transfer
point.
$7500— Price reduced from $9000; very good
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Wash-
ington si., near Broderlck; s.reet bitumen; side-
walk stone; mortgage $3500, can remain; lot 25x
127:8 V*.
$8250— Reduced from $9000: Washington St.,
near Webster: modern 2 story bay-window resi-
lience of 9 rooms and 2 baths! bouse (Hatefully
deeoratedthroughout.: lot -6:Gxl27:BVi-
sssoo— Corner Bush and Broderick sts.: cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; large lot, 31x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked; the la-,t of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sold within
the past month. '} .
' $1600— Rents $684 per annum; price reduced,
from $6500; very eood improvements on Street
close to Howard: lot 25x100 feet.
p— Twenty-first st, north line, near Hamp-
shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84
$700 -Twenty-first St., near Hampshire; lot
25x70.
$550— Point Lobos lot 25x103.
91250— Stevenson st., near 14th, sewered and
macadamized; 25x65 feet
$6500— SW. cor. on Webster st; two-story and
basement of 8 rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 24x
93:6; rents $40.
$2600— Richmond cottage; W. line of Bth aye.,
near California st ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
$2400— Sunny side of Clay st, near I.yon; 25:5 x
90, or 2 lots at the same rate.
$3500— Seymourave., between Scott and Devisa-
dero and Turk and Golden i. ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone; lot 26x90; SlOOO bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 if desired.
■ $2600 eacn— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon;
street work all done and accepted by the city ; lots
'.f.xli;2. •
■ $2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above is only a partial list We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
HA I .\ ALD, B C B E <fc CO.,
218-280 Montgomery st, Mills building.
McAt'F.K BROTH ~ ~~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS'
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
mm f\f\(\ 3 FLATS, FRONTING JEFFER-
ig) I— '.UvU. son square: norch aide of street; lot
27:9x120 to rear street; fine bay-window building;
all conveniences; sunny, desirable home; reuts
$10(18:- such a property, so well located, Is rarely
to be had.
(mi 9 C\f\n WEBSTER ST.. NEAR VAL-
© X_>. UUU. lejo: new residence or 16 rooms:
all latest Improvements— electric lights, was fires,
furnace, natural woods, tinted walls: desirable lo-
cation; delightful home: would exchange for San
• Francisco or Oakland property. » .? ;% ■ .-.?
_1 7OKA O'FAR ! RELST.,NEARGOUGH;
tjpx I ._.*JU. a new, well-built house of 3 flats,
with all modern electrical and other appliances;
In first-class neighborhood, and well rented; rents
$1220 per annum: might exchange for property
down town; lOv 27:6x137:6; a very desirable
property. y - .
©mnn belong aye., near golden
«J)-_UUU. Gate Park; dwelling of 8 rooms bath,
large basement; brick foundation; cement slUe^
walk; everything In first-cless condition: mort-
gaged for $1200; would exchange for Alameda
borne. . - ;.
Of'OCA LYON ST., NEAR GEARY;
S)DZOU. 87:6x201:6 and- L 40:10x101:6;
large lot, with two neat fiats, renting for $432 per
an'iuni: Inexpensive improvements would make
this property pay a good Income. , •
. MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st '
IP Oil SALE — ELEGANT NEW 12-ROOM
1 house; salon parlors,, reception and billiard
rooms; furnace heat ; opp. park. 1917 Oak st.
ffinnrr neat, cosy, modern COT-
tu)__i I O. tage of 6 rooms and bath ; on Noe lU,
bet. 26th and Clipper: owner means sell: see It to-
day: terms to suit: lot 25x85. TOBIN ■ d: Mc-
NALLY. 630 Market st; -■ . - ..■:■;.■. ,
SAN l i a lAi; L fToT 75x130; WORTH $3000;
will sell for $1600; nicest lot in town; accepted
Street. J. K. iIOCHE, bau Rafael.' .. ,. ■ , :
©/•en EACH-$350 CASH, •■ BALANCE
tJiUiJU mortgage; : 3 level beautiful lots; streets
finished, ready for building; sunny side of street,
near 24th and Castro sts.; a big bargain; wortn
$1000. ■ SHADBURNE, 415 Montgomery sts.
C~ HEAP — ONE • --STORY HOUSE, LOT: 7
rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller s>.. nr. fetanyan, i % block O. Gate Pnrit.
01*91 l\ A COTTAGE 6 ROOMS and BATH
■«3S^IUU. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $25 down, 35 . monthly.
CHARLES A. BAIL-Y, 20 Montgomery st •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT FLATa . -~~— ~~—
XJ HALF A BLOCK
FROM PARK PANHANDLE.
<_QAAII TWO HANDSOME MODERN
tjpOUU''. flats of 7 »nd 8 rooms and bath,
beautifully decorated; only four years old, on Lyon
St. Only $1500 cash required: lot 'J5x91:2 ft.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' " ■■■ "■' •■■'■- 638 Market St.
MISSION RESIDENCE. ~~~ "
NKAR CASTRO AND 24TH STS
. , . MODERN AND NEARLY NEW.
_> 1 ~(\C\ TWO-STORY HOUSE. 8 ROOMS
<P_«JUv/. and bath, high basement; hand-
somely decorated and In . flrst-class condition.
Only four years old. - >'
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO
' . 633 Market st.
OOD INVESTMENT. ~~~
WELL-BUILT FLATS.
AT A BARGAIN.
_/If;AA FOUR FINE FLATS OF 4 AND 5
tJp_:tJV/l/. rooms and bath on a corner on La-
guna St.: rents low for $45 per month. Lot 31 :3 x
100 feet. -:
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' ; ■. - - . 638 Market st
ANDSOME HOME. " " - - •
ALMOST NEW.
r NEAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
_/<9^A MODERN COTTaGE, 6 ROOMS
tjp _r._«JU. and bath, , high basement; on the
north side of Hayes St.. near Lyon; lot 25x100
feet; mortgage Sisoo In Hibernla Bank can remain.
■ EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
■•. 638 Market st.
INK FLAT^. ~ ~~
IX THE WESTERN ADDITION.
AT A SACRIFICE.
_CAAA A PAIR OF ELEGANT MODERN
<JpOUUU. flats of 5 and 7 rooms and bath; well
built and In good condition, brick foundation, high
basement, etc.; only lour years old: cost (8000:
choice neighborhood , and always rented ; lot 25x
7.6 feet __STON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _: CO.,
638 Market st -
$500 CA ~ " BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
A PRETTY HOME.
©QAnn A NEW modern COTTAGE, 6
OUUu . rooms and bath, and nil the latest con-
veniences; well bull:; very sunny: one block from
Castro-st. car line: Key lot, 25x105 ft
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Vv- ■-". 638 Market st
ISSION FLATS. ~ ~~~ "~
NEAR SANCHEZ AND 18TH STS.
MUST BE SOLD. . .
_Q^AA TWO FINE FLATS OF 6 ROOMS
♦JpOJUU. and bath each; brick foundation,
street bltuminized, always rented, pays $360 per
annum; |2'JOO payable, $42 70 per month can re-
main: lot 25x100 ft.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
- - 638 Market st
A SPECIAL LIST ~ ~~
iV. OF BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTS.
$4000— NW. cor. Church and Army; 88x80;
business corner.
$3600— Corner near Laguna and O'Farrell; 25x
62:6.
83500— Washington st. near Devisadero; 80x
127:8 Vi; street biiumlnlzed.
$3400— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights; 60
xl 27:8: reduced from $4000.
$3260— Vailejo, near Lyon; 51:6x137:6; marine
view : very cheap.
$5000— Baker, near Oak; 25x96:10; overlooking
the Park Panhandle. ■
$2100— Clayton, near Page; 25x103:3; reduced
from $3000. *
' $1650— Cor. Sanchez and Cumberland; 114x105.
$1100-Lake, near 2J aye.; 25x102:6; the choic-
est part of Richmond.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800— 1st, near 12th ave.; 25x100; easy terms.
$760— 10: have., near California; 25x120: very
cheap.
$400— 25 th aye., Point Lobos; 25x120; graded;
street macadamized. .
$300 each— Two lots in Sunnyside; 25x112:6
each; worth $500.
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
? 638 Market st.
AL HORIOKII. -OUIS A. SOTJC.
T A. SOUC <fc CO.
REAL ESTATE AN! INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
. As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on is at once. I
<B>AZ.f\(\ 30x114; HERE *18 A CHANCE TO
tipu:t)UU. secure tn elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission on easy terms: ST*)O cash, bal- .
ance can remain; bay-window house of 8 rooms, '
bath, laundry; all in Al order; street bituminized;
worth $6000. .
■_'rim 25-90: MISSION' ST.; NR. 20TH;
. »)'>v;''. liou.se o( 8 rooms and lath; could at
stna'l cost be converted Into Al b.usiiess property;
the lot is worth more money.
..(.AAn 30x114: LIBERTY S~., NR. GUER-
upDUvf*'. rero: lav-window hosse; 8 rooms:
bath; laundry; Nob Hill of the Mission; grand
view.
&ii^(\f\ VALENCIA, NR. 2CTH: LOT 25x
tJpOOUU. 90; bay-window housj; 8 rooms and
bath: could at small cost be concerted Into busi-
ness property. • 4 '
_ncnn GUERRERO ST.; WARM BELT;
•CV-wvl". 2-etotr house; 8 r^»«: b»t_s >_!•*"
basement; brick foundation;- house in perfect
"cjoVAn 27x122; CAPje ST., NEAR 19TH;
G»-)v»v. 2-story house; 8 rooms »nd bath;
Street bituminized: all in Al order.
(J_QX/W| 25TU, NEAR FO__OM; ir.ODKRN
»J)Dc)UU. bay-window flats; 4 and 5 rooms,
bath and laundry : nearly new; good buy.
©9Finn 26x125; CHATTANOOGA. ST.,
rJpZitjyjyJ. near 2-d: coz.- cottage, 6 rooms;
bath: perfect order; fine irarden.
•<J_bnAM SAN CARLOS AYE., NEAI 19TH;
2-story nous?, 6 rooms; batl; street
work all done and accepted. .. I
<£i i )l i^.(\ 25x80; LEXINGTON AYE. NEAR
tyi — •»-) i )\l . 19th; i flats, 4 acd 5 room: bath;
rent .f "3: street work all done and acceptid.
LOOK AT THOSK LOTS ON ARM. ST., NR.
Folsom we offer for $650; 25x18E; street
sewered and graded.
Our list comprises some of the beet property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of t_ home-
steads; also good business corners In an; part of
the Mission ; call and get a list and price*. ■
If you want your vacant houses, rented place
them with us. - ■
L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st,
near sixteenth. .
m-l A rnn SOLD TO CLOSE AN ISTATE.
Business corner NW. Post and Lagnnasts, : rent
$79 60: go and see this at once, as it Is i particu-
larly choice piece. O'FARRELL <fc CO., 11
Montgomery st
'_____ . ■ . . s
_flf>AA COTTUGE NEAR MARKET AND
<J)ZDUU. Valencia sts.: worth $3500; offered
at this low figure to make Immediate salt. O'FAR-
RELL _ CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<_> 1 9AA LOT NR - 3D AND MI8S:ON STS.;
«D I_uU. on small I street; worti $2500.
O'FARRELL <& CO., 11 Montgomery st
_QA A A DEVISADERO - ST. lUSINESS
tjD<JUUU. property: store and upper flat; Im-
provements first-class: make an oflet O'FAR-
RELL <fc CO., 11 Montgomery st. t
—___—_ •
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
At a big sacrifice; originally cost $8000; can be
bought for $5000, maybe; fine marine view; one
block from the cable and electric cars; contains 8
rooms and bath. ■• -■ • ■ -'■
CFaRRBLL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
" A BARGAIN. : . " .-:
MUST BE SOLD.
Diamond st., near Eighteenth; only a few steps
from the corner of Market and Seventeenth sts. ;
level building Joe, 24:8x125: street graded, sew-
ered and maca lamlz^d; owner must sell, and any
reasonable offer will be accepted. '- :*. '
O'FARRELL „ CO., 11 Montgomery st.
T COME PROPERTY; RENTS *225 PER
J. month: corner lot, 56x275; splendid location
for factory or any Inside business: within 6 blocKS
of new city Hail; full benefit o> 25-foot street the
depth of property : this is. a sound investment, as
the lot is worth more than the price asked and
will double In value in the next- 5 years: price
$20,000; $9000 mortgage can remain; make an
offer; principals only; ■no agents. Address 1 In-
come, box 17, Call Office. ' . ■ - .
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
' HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ATEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
XI for homes. or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. • - r - ' ■'' '*'- - ■ "■--.'
:_» l7. r -TO 8200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
tip I O boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. : SOL.
GKTZ & BRO. ■;■ ..-,'*"-'■"■ - ; -
'_>OAA t*' M < $450, $500 TO 1100-
T^OUU. Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line . and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ A
13 RO.
_____________________ ____________
<_> 1 AA-TO-8260— BUTLDINO' LOTS, NEAR
«>>l-UU Mlssion-st. arid eleciric-car lines: only
$10 down, $6 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
•..' CALL' FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. ;
SOL GETZ A BRO.. OWNERS, ■
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
_f Q"7fkA FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
wO I UU. near Bryant 1 and • Sixth sts.: • 2-story
house of" rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted; elze 37:6xtJ0. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st. . .■.•■■
CI»QAA NE\\T COTTAGE AND LOT; 5 RMS.;
<J)OUU. bard : finished. - Inquire 210 Andovei
aye.. bet Crescent and East aye.. Holly Park Tract
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
O at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES iK-CON ALLEY, 1119 Mission st
CITY REAL ESTATE.
IiOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
D • ■ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE.
$£7nnn PARK RESIDENCE ON BAKER
<[Pll/LM'. st; cost $10,000 only 3 years ago;
sold for account of absent owner; house contains
10 rooms, etc.
?Ji7^nn MUST BE SOLD IMMEDIATELY
«Jp I O x 'I/, to close an estate: McAllister st, nr.
Laguna; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; 3-story
building; rent $840 per annum. . ..
CJQKnn WESTERN ADDITION FLATB:
«JpO«JUU. Green st, nr. Laguna: rents $780 per
annum; lot 26:9x137:6; submit an offer.
_ &Cttk(\ MCALLISTER ST.: 2 FLATS OF 6
•IP 'JUOU. and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$43 per month. __
©11 AAA ASHBURY HEIGHTS; REBI-
-0 1 1 .\J\J\J. _ience; elegant home and grounds
on Ashbury st.:*l 4 rooms, bath, servants' bath,
basement garden, etc. . ? .
. A n AA ONLY - $1300 CASH; BALANCE,
»Tp^\J\J\J. $2700, can - remain on mortgage;
Grove st, a few blocks west of City Hall; bouse of
12 rooms; rents $40 per month.
<n»nnnn GOUGH .ST., near GEARY; 2
t£)<J\J\J\J. flats of 7 rooms and bath each; lot
27x137:6 feet; rents $65 per month.
©19 Qnn PROMINENT WESTERN, AD
■«JDJL_i.OV/l/. dition corner on * niton st. : lot 25
xlOO; store and living rooms below; 2 modern flats
above of 7 and 8 rooms an.l bath each; Income
$102 50 per month.
C?£OAA DOWNTOWN PROPERTY • ON
<g)\Jtj\J\J. Mason street, near Butter; house of
rooms and bath. .
<&9QAA BROADWAY. NEAR TAYLOR; 2-
$)4V\J\J. story house of 9 rooms »nd bath;
rents $20 per month.
fflJCCnn PACIFIC ST., NEAR TAYLOR; 3-
<jp UfJ\J . story house of 16 rooms in tenements;
rents $63 50 per month.
<_1 A f\f\(\ MUST BE SOLD: SUBMIT AN
«IP It:. UUU. offer; rents $110 per month; 3
new modern downtown flats of 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each, near Bush and Stockton sts,
QQn fi(\f\ near O'FARRELL and
»J)OU.UUU. Powell sts.: lot 27:6x77:6; 3-
siory building; store, etc.; rents $140 per month.
4_l f^ E\f\f\ CLAY ST., NEAR LARKIN;
lO.ijyjV. lot 62x127:814; 2 houses In first-
class condition; rents $1200 per annum.
<Bi9fi^n PERRY ST., NEAR 4TH; LOT
<p_'UUU. 25x85; 2-story frame building.
©9Rnn RENTS $40 PER MONTH; NEAR
«Jp_UUU. 2d and Bryant sts.; 4 flats of 4 rooms
each.
ffljqcnn rents PER month; perry
«IpOUUU. St., near 4th: 3 separate flats of 5
rooms each.
QPL^nn BEAVER ST., NEAR CASTRO
<&>UO\J\J. and 16th 2 modern flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each: lot 25 by 115: will exchange
part equity for Western Addition lot.
©HI P.fi BELCHER ST.. 14TH; RENTS
«IPUIOU. $55 per month; lot 32x125; 4 flats
of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each.
© f^finn BENTS $43 per MONTH; FLO-
»!D«JUUU. rldast, near 23d; 4 flats of 3 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x100.
CjOAAA SUBMIT AN OFFER: 218T ST.,
<S>VVI\J\J. near Valencia: lot 25x116; 3 flats of
7 and 8 rooms and bath each.
c*qqnn western addition home;
ijFO*j\J\J. short distance from Unlon-st. cars;
2-story bay-window house, containing 7 rooms,
bath, mantels, etc ; bay view. .' .
ffl»9qnfk YORK ST., NR. 19TH; COTTAGE
<J}_OVV/. of 5 rooms, bath, basement, etc;
rents $16 per month; lot 25x100. y
<n>77KA PRICE REDUCED; BRANNAN
.«jp I I O\J. st, near 2d: 2 stores on ground floor
and a upper floors: rents $70 per month; lot
60x80.
C. BEMIS, ~— ~~
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE. hVC_ .
$2600— E. side of Stanyan st, bet Cart and
Frederick; 25x100 feet
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
inc the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pane: 25x137 :6 feet; electric road passes houses:
make offer. . - ,
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.
bet. First ana Fremont .
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$doo— Choice building lots north of park.
WHY pay RKNT? ~ T^~ !
•» ' W hen you can bay cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest houses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st, near Waller; all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized;
large lots, 25x1i.'6. Owner on premises.
•<E4 •V"./\rV .Ti.-- 'I> VI NT IMI tli , TWO-STORY
$Jot>o. bay-window house of 7 rooms ; bath-
latest Improvements; S s nn .___-.»..,. — „• — . ...i
Twenty-firat st . " '■* ■
T/"OR HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT 25x
X 1 1 10; rents $55 per month. Address C. A., box
102, Call Office.
ATKW COTTAGE, 923 ORK ST., NEAR 21ST.;
xi 5 rooms and bath; h!gh-flnlshed basement;
porcelain tub; substantially built: everything
modern and convenient: price $2900; easy terms;
equal to rent, if desired; lot 25x100 feet; owner
on premises dally. •
ig BARGAIN— AN ELEGANT HOME, $700
J * cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, fine' barn and drive; lot 28x120:
only $3400; fine location. 865 First aye., nr.
Clement st, owner 1402 Dovlgadero st. .
A COB HBTf MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st
» \VE_KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
V WEEKLY CALL. _ wrapper, for mailing. *
SUBLKi'.AN ItEAL ESTATE.
A"~ LTA FUSrT_r^_tAO_rT_t_rCUß_r__
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 'miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to
$'.!00: small deposit; easy Installments; Send for
beautiful map -with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHT,' 220 Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.
PKOPKItTX TO EXCHANGE.
lCf\f\ BM'.GTFx^^V?TA^F^O~^m?~wX NT T
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from 150 to. 4,000
25 lodgins-houses and hotels from $JOO to. 3,000
U. C. DECKER, 10-0 Market st, opposite Fifth.
LOR SALK OR EXCHANGE FoR CITY IN-
-1 come property: in the famous Santa Clara Val-
ley; tine 4-year-o!d prune orchard: lovely
new cottage, windmill, etc. C. 8., 3004 Lacuna st'
T ODGING-HOUSE _ 1) RANCH FOR SALE
XJ or exchange. PHELPS <fc CO., >»17 Larkin st,
room 6. •....- - • . '
IpOB SALE OR EXCIIANGE-2 DOUBLE
-T Mats on Eleventh St., Oakland: all new and
modern improvements. PHELPS & CO., 917
Larkin st, room 6. . . ■
LOTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
boarding-house. C. 8., General Delivery P. O.
1 9QA 'ACRES TIM HER LAND, KERN CO.;
X_iOU water: line for cattle-ralslng.-N.,bx.l6,Catl
PKOPERTY WANTED.
property; any one wanting to sell or exchange
should send their propositions to SHAND & RI
LET, Novato, Mann County. San Francisco
office, room 3, second floor Mills building. ■ ■
r ANTED — CALIFORNIA- RANCH OF
>> aboutJ6o acres suitable for hogs and cattle;
will pay cash for bargain; describe fully and
price. Ranch, tox 6, Call Office, Oakland.
~\\' ANTED— TO PURCHASE MODERN 5 OR
•VY 6 omed cottage: lot not less than 50 feet
front: nice grounds : either Fruitvale aye. or East
Oakland; must be cheap tor cash. Address E.,
box 75. Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
tF~you "wish to sell Iy^ulTmortgage
icaIICHAS. H. BANE, Atty-at-law, 9-7 Market
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. ! Room 107, 6 Eddy st
1 BT & -JiJ MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E*
1 tates ;lowest rateß:no delay JIURPHY,62B Mrk'..
» DVANCKSONDIAJIONDS.JE W E Y. ETC !
A Col nmbia Loan & Collateral OBlce. 9 Grant ays.
-I OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
■(mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal ; any
amount; low rales. BECKER, -328 Montgomery.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. » BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evening^ , -,
* NY AMOUNT: IST, 2U or 3D MORTGAGES:
A. estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomerr/room 3.
f OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
±J jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
men's- Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms! discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. : -
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
«>st per month for each $1000; same, rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
KM ONEY LOANED ON JEWELKY A.MJ
JVI other valuables at the Security Loan Offlca.
3 106Marketst..r.r. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
i \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
U no removal- no delays: no commissions: . low
imert'st. Km. 68, Donolma bldg, 1170 Market st
TO& li. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
J life insurance policies. 33>) Pine at. ■■-.-. -, -
I'AWNBKOKEBS.
"/T't^ISMI B_SARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONHY
A. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pa»
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap.
, MONEY WANTED. J: --..':' r ;';V._ ; '
ANTED-8800: WILL PAY 2 PER CENT-
Vt good security.' Address P.. box 29. Call. ■  .
\AT anTed-to BORROW 'on GOOD HECUR-
VV ny $1500 or $2000; will give as interest a
sunny corner suite. -Address C; 8., box 129, Call.
- COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
TABREU & CO.. ' " ■~ r < r ~~ : : *
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
<3>9^nn FOR 31 ACRES NEAR MARTINEZ
*S)£iU\J\J depot and steamer lan ding; all out ir
grain, alfalfa, family orchard, gard.n and
-.-. vegetables, with a furnished house of five
i rooms, barn and all the stock and tools upor
the place, with about 25 or 30 |tons of this
'-/'• year's hay crop: plenty of water: a great bar
gain, or will sell 15 acres of this place witr,
nil the improvements, stock, tools and crop
and furnished house for $IHSO, and will take
part cash.
61|) PER ACRE FOR THE PROPERTY
%S>X,\J known as "'Lakeside" at Lake Tahoe; Mt
comprises 1000 acres of land beautifully sit-
uated on the shores of Lake Tahos, with the
improvements thereon: descriptive catalogue
and pictures and further particulars may be
;•'-'•: obtained at the office; this would be a very
valuable property for a club to own or for a
syndicate to purchase and subdivide in small
holdings. '
€M ft?; A 10 AORF.S, 3 MILES FROM MAR-
<ipXUc»V. tinez.' Contra Costa County: all in
•i. ".: cultivation, with; house of 4 rooms: barn,
several poultry houses;. 4 acres young or-
chard, mostly in bearing-; 6 acres In Zlnfan-
del wine grapes planted this year; 100 thor-
oughbred Leghorn chickens; incubator
'i brooders: feed mill; flowers, vegetables and
berries; plenty of water: part cash.
©9||(|(\ WILL BUY A BEAUTIfUL AND
tfpOUv/U profitable summer home farm of 45
acres 6 miles from St. Helena, on Howell
Mountain, with a nice fumisned house of 6
rooms. B-rooro cottage, stable nil chicken-
; houses, with 5 a«vs in vineyard full bearing,
family orchard and 67_ French prunes, 4
years old ; lovely climate and beautiful view;
th c cheapest place In the state. -
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SaN FRANCISCO
property. Elegantly improved suburban home,
. 6Va acres 1^ miles from II ay wards, on Cas-
tro Valley road: all out In cherries, prunes;
family orchard; elegant house with all mod-
ern Improvements, with furniture, stock and
tools: value $10,000.
EXCHANGE- 17% ACRES JUST OUTSIDE
J— l town limits of Huy wards; all out in prunes
ana apricots; fine bouse with all modern im-
provements; crop will bring $2000 this year;
value $15,000.
WE HAVE SOME OF THE GREATEST BAR-
gains in imprqvi'd trait, vineyard, grain and
; stock ranches 'that were ever seen In this
State, as also some fine income properties for
■ exchange. Call for particulars.
IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL AND PRO-
ductlve home, read this— 4s acres near large
town in Alameda County, 25 acres of which in
bearing fruit and nut trees, balance hay and pas-
turage; ail garden soil; house, barn, etc.; running
water:, fine oak and sycamore trees; first-class
neighborhood: perfect climate: price reduced to
$6000, including all personal property; don't miss
seeing this fine home. H. H. CRANE, 410 Mont-
gomery st.
I I* A ACRE RANCH, BELOW HOLLISTER:
-I \J\J 60 acres wheat; 40 acres lime quarry: will
exchange for city property. SPECK _ CO., 60_
Market st.
<E?9Qj I A 30-ACRE LOVELY ranch, ONLY
tg^'VyiKJ. few minutes from town: nice new
house, barn and complete farming outfit* see this
and you will buy. BPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
©1 ({£.() A NICK 10-ACBifl FARM, 1%
tiP-LU-JV. miles from town, all In caoice fruit,
grapes and berries: all tools, chickens, etc.. in-
cluded. See SPECK <fc Co.. 602 .Market st.
T HAVE SEVERAL SMALL IMPROVED
X homes near this city for sale at low prices and
easy terms; also properties tor exchange. 11. H.
CRANK, 410 Montgomery st.
O-ACRE CHICKEN RANCH NEAR OAK-
— land; 8-room house; offered at one-half its
value. DECKER. 10,0 Market s:. ■
"Tor sale AND EXCHANGE— RANCH
X' properties of all kinds, town lots, villa sites,
country homes and business chances. SHAND &
RIBLET, Nova;o, Jlarln County: San Francisco
office, room 3, second floor, Mills building.
fit "I Zinn IMPROVED RANCH, 17 ACRHS,
<rXtlU_». easy terms; also unimproved, $90
an acre. Owner, 916 Jackson st.
If B VVt ORCHARD — 10-ACRK TRACTS,
X fruit cannery connected with orchard; work
for men by the » ear: women and children daring
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. _^^_
ft \i\f\ AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES in the
■4P_»U \J. Russian River; nous, and barn; all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
CHARLKS COLTON, 906 Market st
GREAT BARGAIN— 4O-ACRE VINEYARD
and fruit ranch: full bearing: also 640 acres
level land near Fresno. 1125 Howard st.
AIS MATEO CITY— LARGE LOT. 100x180,
for sale chap on Griffith aye. Address H. P.,
607 Capp st.. city. , _^
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
**V choicest in the State: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1Y» hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building.
(|>K|)(|(| FOR sale OR exchange: 10
|TpUl7i;U. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room house, windmill, horse and can and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards. . . ■■ „• ..' .
'"VfARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES .6 MILES
Ml iafiU7-£ltvj_lo a any size; fruit, grain, vei.-e;a-
acre; terms to sult"~Tsyiitncare~itrv-_tment~Com-~
P— ny, 65 Chronicle building.
"L"<OR HOMES IN LOS GATOS OR ORCHARDS
J? in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. it. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. . ■ ■
_.\_IUIvULR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor gale. WOOSTKR 4 WHITTON. San Jose.
T ITTLK HOME. CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWINU, teouoma
City. Inquire tttt'J Market st. S. F.
HAYWAKDS PKOPhI'.TY. .
flft ACBKB— HODSB, BARN. WELL, WIND-
_.U mill and tankt chic»eD-hous (»: 5 acres bear-
in-.' fruit and vines; 12 acres in hay: plenty of
wood: running stream of water; 2 miles from
town: a positive sacrifice; price $2750- 1". WIL-
BERT, Castro st., near B, Hay wards, Cal.
"r 10, 15 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS IN THE
0 heart of the valley: rich, level land: in tracts to
suit: price $200 per acre. Call on or address P.
WILBKRT, Castro st.. near B. Haywardi. Cal.
_ XtIEDICAL.
"V^O'UNG WOMAN oTvES MASSAGE TREAT-
X roent: greatest magnetism for invalids and
weak circulation of blood and veins: doctors' ref-
erence-. Address (S. M., box 63, Call Office.
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
01 both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant aye. i
R<. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE, CUKES ALL DlS-
cases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 243 Shipley.
NfcW PROCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSIRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kcarny st
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by
an improved method, superior to others; ladies
will save time and money: be assured of honest
treatment by coniultinu- the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been Imposed upon
are specially invited; home in confinement; id-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernla Bank. — ■■ , ■ -. • ><. .
* LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
A. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular ■ graduate
physician; SO years' successful practice; .MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st- near Larkin.
1 ADIKS, CONSULT FREE MJtS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st: onlyqualifled specialist; $5 00
for case I Jail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
iJSYCHO -MAGNETIC COMPANY CUKES
I paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and Inn:
troubles: no charge unless cured. 8 Masons:.,
corner Market, room 1L - ■-■-
DRB. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcel.ed in restoring irregularity
or other conditions: home in confinement: best oi
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market at. to 904 McAUUter st.
.T~iR. j6sSELYN7^rHE~GRKAT SPECIALIST,
XJ has removed to 1206 Market st, near Sixth.
"DISCARD'S DI^KASESOF WOMEN A
- X specialty; also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonongh building, Oakland. f
\M RS. DR. WEGKNER TAKES LADIES BE-
"ill fore and during confinement: Infants adoptee
into good homes; treats all female complaints oi
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. - ■•.-.- .»■■■
TF IRREGULAR. OR ANY FEMALE Dl*
1 ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264^ Fourth st.
XT ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT:
IX all female diseases treated; expert physicians:
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny at, room 9._
DRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
VRECURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction : guaranteed, bj
MRS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk st
li. HALL. 1* MoALLISI hTRKJOT, NEAH
;Joni>s. t liineases of women and children.
• A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TC
__. ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger
safe and sure; $'-' 50 -_press C. O. D.-. don't delaj
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI
iA. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
ATTOKSEYS-AT--AW.
' A^vicl_TFß^K^__^ r oTtcl_T_r^~^^
ii. aity; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'yat-law. 850 Market
- K. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND state COURTS
. R. K. titles and wills; money to loan ones
tates; charges moderate. ' Offices 508 California at
J. MURRAY, AT'-'Y AND COUNSKLORAI
. law; advice free. ,\ 24 Sixth st, rooms 14, 15
W. DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-A 1-LA 421
. California st., rooms 14 and 15; advioe free
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -908 BROADWAY.
[ ___JOAKL AND KE AL ESTATE.
i 00 ACRES. BETWEEN OAKLAND AND
— O San Pablo, with 1700 fruit trees: railroad
i" T v-r> mr n lt: cheap; for sale only. C. K.
I KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
i C-ACRE PIECiTAND 8-ACRE PIECE, RIGHT
i '-'at Lafayette, Contra Costa County: $100 per
I Oakland* 37 terms. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
t\] 90 A CRES. SONOMA COUNTY; ELE-
c ',-*-*'V ? ant stock ranch and farming land; near
railroad; less than $5 per acre. C. K. KING, 903
| Broadway, Oakland. Ca'.
i A LLKNDALE TRACT, A DELIGHTFUL
-TV spot. East Oakland, near Fruitvale; fine level
, lots: streets graded and macadamized; grand
view; lots for $75-$lO down, balance to suit your
Income; call and secure one or mor» before they
are all gone. 468 Ninth st., bet. Broadway and
Washington. H. Z. JONES, owner. Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD-A COZY COTTAGE OF 3
rooms; 2 chicken-houses: city water ; lot 75x
108: all fenced; price $450. Fruitvale Land Com-
pany, Fruitvale. . : .
pHICKEN~RANCH, STOCK AND FIXTURES,
\J complete, $700; also the best bargains In
Fruitvale, in a tine cottage and large lot ■ terms
easy; open Sunday. LODGE <fe POWELL, Fruit-
vale station.
"1/OR SALE— A SNAP FO It 15 DAYS; SE. COR.,
X' 10Oxl_5: nice .-room house and barn: well
and city water; price if ' 500; $900 cash: balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply- to S. 8. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye., Kast Oakland.
1 OR. 2 LOVELY LOTS IN PACIFIC GROVE;
X must be sold regardless of price. Address
Owner, box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
ffI«97CM READ! READ READ! $30 PER
<„'-— I O\J . month and no cash down tor a new
modern 8-room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN
«fc CO., 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO I. FT.
"FURNISHED HOOSES FOR RENT-5 ROOMS;
X modern; nicely, furnished; large grounds:
chicken-houses: rent $20 per month. S.;e WHITE
BROS.. 1128 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FI'RNISHKI) HOUSES.
lARGE, NEW, 16~TKO^0_r^^FURNliHED
J dwelling (overlooking Lake Merritt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 6 p. _ 121 Lake st., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
MA R IPOS A — MR& EMMa~H. A_>AM_£
Newly furnisued or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-cUss table board. 666
Eleventh St., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
"1/iOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LETT
X I with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st
ALAMEDA. ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA ItEAL ESTATE.
T HAVE TO OFFER FOR A FEW DAYS
X only 4 lots located in one of Alameda's choicest
localities; street wont complete; these lots must
be sold and can b? bought for 25 per cent leas than
value. For further information call on or address
A. H. BLOW, 3010 Broadway, Oakland.
J-»OR SALE— : " '
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; bouse 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms. Everett st. :
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply •
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st,
■ - - San Francisco, Cal.
<a>9Qnn $300 CASH AND $_s PER
<J!iit)W, month; new cottage of 5 ioomsand
bath.
$3250-$5OO cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$400 J— $800 cash and $40 per month; new
house of 7 rooms and bath. :
All large lots and convenient to cars; we have
on hand a number of beautiful Alameda homes for
sale on very easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alamo la.
(DO "I An I-OT 60x190; STREET WORK ALL
<U)XXUv/. done; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13-room bouse to
rent unfurnished: finest location in Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park at. ■ . ■ -
9 STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS; ALL MODERN
«<- improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water; or.ly $5500; lane lot
To rent— Four finely furnished houses; also un-
furnished. JI;DD, 1424 Park st, Alameda.
FFER WANT_i_> FOR NEW 6-ROOM COT-
\J tage: all modern Improvements and street
work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park 8U
ft (■ tO 00 BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
<_IUVU\J. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Dloct west of i'»rk st.; it wlll__n_n l
you: investigate; terms to sun- __".•— .. ._'•-— —
451-ri__"lS-|l_sO; NKAB BROADWAY; LOT
XJ 45x150; house of six rooms; $350 ca«h;
balance $13 36 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE, real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st. Alameda.
BEKKELEY IiEAX. ESTATE.
1 BERKELEY.
$1600— Modern 4-room bay-window cottage: lot
40x103; well, lank ana windmill; garden; a bar-
gain; Stanley and Grove; electric cars; 4 minutes
to Adeline station; part cash. K. G. OELLE-
RICH. . For particulars addre3sLotln Postoffice.
"VT O HESITATION ABOUT THIS-IT REA LLY
li is beautiful Berkeley and one ot the prettiest
places for sale is that 6-room cottage near station
and electric cars, and within 10 minutes of uni-
versity: a lovely home. JOS. J. MASoN, Berke-
ley Station. • ■ \ ■ 
C_ 1 (\H(\ HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; TWO LOTS;
UUU. chicken-house; chickens: one min-
ute from depot P. BLAGROVE, GokUn Gate,
Berkeley.
T i i-EPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
I 0 Insurance sgent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. '■ - \
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on WHy terms. O. G. MAY <fc CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. F.erk"l«»r. \
~~ BERKELEY HOUSES. V
1"^1OR* RT£NT"'^'cIuo7cEsI?~LOCATION \IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long . term. tie*
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. ' \
IT" OR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
r and batn; piano: $25 -014 Virginia st, near
Shattnck aye.. Berryman station.
~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN AND FOR
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
Californ a— Department No. 9 (Probate).
In the matter of the estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not be made. ■
A C FRKESE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an
order of tale of the whole of the real estate of sala
decedent, for the purrosos therein set forth," .
It is therefore ordered by the said court that all
persons Interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on Monday,
the 13th day ot July. 1896, fit 10 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of Depart
ment No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of Callforn'a. to show cause why
an order sliould'not be granted to the said amlnis-
trator to sell so much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary. '
i .'.> And that a copy of this order bo published at
least on. a week for 4 successive weeks in the
Kan Fbancisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published In said City and Count y.
Dated June 12, A. D. 1 -.96. " :
. * J. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court
i J. D. SULIIVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
icle building, San Francisco, Cal.
URSUANT TO A DECREE OF FORECLO-
■X sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
' First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May.l 2,
1896, notice is hereby given that the property
• hereunder described will be sold at public auction
. at the Courthouse (Alilolnnl Hale) In Honolulu,
island of Oabu, H. 1., on Wednesday, August 26,
' 1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. c. JONES,
-.. . ■-. ?--< ■ Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
. This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
c ated on the Island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
- acres more or less in lee simple, and leases of 48,-
-■ 640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
. most valuable or which do not expire until 1916;
r the annual rentals are about $1800.
! This estate Is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
l ing ample houses for. all purposes, all . in good re-
• pair with i Isterns, wootshed' and Dress, . and a
> fio:k of 24,000 sheep, 650 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count • •
The lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
I and 10,000 head of cattle. As a sheep run It is
! the most valuable on tne islands. The lands now
owned and controlled, by present owners virtually
. control the entire is and or Lanai.
I There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
j tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
. island. '
' r , steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. • ....
- A map showing all the lands controlled by the
I estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
oe sold can be seen and further particulars can be
■ bad at) the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco. • . . ... •' ■
. . - Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
. coin. ; " ' ■ ■ ~ • ■
I Honolulu, May 15, 1898. -
. ..-...---. . p. C. JONES, Receiver.
• ~~ PHYSICIANS. "
r . "niEMO^V^ED^DRTcTcro^DON-VELL TO laba
. XV Market st : diseases of woman a specialty.
f T\ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
1 U his museum. 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
i successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
L the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
1314
HOUSES TO
rrC)(' SHOTWELL-9 ROOMS, BATH. $30;
i ZO 2402 Mission, 12 rooms, bath, $37 50; 701
Ehotwell, cor. Twenty-first, 10 rooms, b_th, $ 0;
1139 Valencia, 8 rooms, hath. $26; 17 Guerrero,
6 rooms, bath, $25; 17 Guerrero. 6 rooms, bath, re-
duced, $21; 223 Twenty-fourth, 5 rooms bath,
$13: 1"OK Greon, cottage, 5 rooms, bath, $10:
919% Natoma. 6 rooms, $16. W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery St. ;
HOUSE 6 ROOMS AND BATH— $22;
2429 Buchanan St.. near Jackson. MADISON
<fc BURKE.
- f ,r JONES, NR. O'FARRELL— IB ROOMS,
OUO bath, etc.; rent only $70; in first-class con-
dition- so constructed it can be sublet in flats;
cars pass. Apply MADISON «fe BURKE.
I PINE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
yards tor flowers; charming location on quiet
street- clean and attractive; 7 rooms, bath,
laundry; unfinished bas ment; $311. DEMPSTJSR,
36 Glen Part aye., oft Twelfth st ■_.
OUSK:7 ROOMS AND BATH: MODERN:
$23. Apply 243 Fair OaKs s'..
097 IVY AYE., NKAK GOUGH; 4 SUNNY
P.- i rooms; yard; stable.
ODKRN HOLS -9 ROOMS: BATH: FIXE
marine view : rent $55. 1920 Broadway, near
Octavia; key at 1906. _______——
-1 1 SUTTER ST., NEAR TAYLOR-VERY
i XX choice; elegant; spacious: reasonable.
A PPKECIATED IF SEEN— B29% bDTT ,^
A st, nr. Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
VODB HOUSES LET OR PROPERTY SOLD.
1 See G. W. H. PATTERSON, 2 Valencia St.
"in. IO A — L PPEK FLAT 5 ROOMS: LARGE
$12.00. yard. 1017 Union st. bet. Leaven-
worth and Jones.
H— OTSE OF 8 ROOMS AND B , AT ?,; LA n H^
fiower-garden: rent reasonaDle. 2002 Golden
vaLe avenue, near Lyon.
OrSE OF 5 ROOMS; LARGE YARD AND
stable. 23 Pearl St., off Market ;
— Fvt s KFDUCED: elegant sunny
li house: 8 rooms and basement »16 McAllister.
V-iFUANT VI W SUNNY 6 ROOMS; OPEN
E plumbing;' nice neighborhood. 612 Guerrero.
mo LET-3-ROOM HOUSE; RENT $12. 1105
X Leavenworth; key in grocery, California and
Leaveuworth sts. .
flT.o' 7«7 CHESTNUT, NEAR JONES: 9
Ot) . rooms and bath : tine marine view. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st,
VICE HOME— ROOMS AND BATH: NEAR
_N station: unfurnished. E. D. JOHNSON, Bel-
mont, San Mateo Couuty.
ouse-a MCE house AND others
to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
31 ontgomery st .
TT/« HYDE - HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
11 0 bath. Inquire at 418.
TJOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: SUNNY YARD; RENT
XX low. 27 Clementina st.
On MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
«2SOU. mem; large yard: stable. 417 Ridley st
~ ri'BMSH-l) HOUSES.
OF
T~~cn^T^A^E~Tu^ISHED~HOUSE OF
16 rooms and bath, near Stanford University;
rent very reasonable. WILL E. FIsHER « CO.,
14 Post st. ' .
21 9 FOLSOM-COM PLET EL V FUR-
Ol_J nfshed: 12 rooms: bath; laundry; store-
rooms and stable. $60: unfurnished, $40. W. H.
CKIM «fc CO., 118 Montgomery st
IT 1 OUR OR FIVE NICELY FURNISHED
X I rooms with every necessary for house-
keeping; to let for two months at a moderate rent:
the remainder of the house will be unoccupied. Ap-
ply at 1420 Hayes st, near Baker.
BARGAIN — HOUSE TO LKT AND SOME
furniture and chickens for sale. 317 Clemen-
tina st. ______
ATEARUAIGHTST.-3 ROOMS: FURNISHED:
JL\ $12: no children. Inquire E. H. TERRY , 961
Mission st
COTTAGES TO LET.
rr6~^E?^iEW'^iODERN~ >ICOTTAGE1 COTTAGE OF 5
1 rooms, bath and basement; 405 Laurel St., nr.
California. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
/St iTTAUE OF 3 ROOMS; STABLE, CHICKEN^
V^ bouse, yard; cheap. Fifteenth and Bryant aye.
_, i COTTAGE 4 ROOMS, BASEMENT:
«JJ)IX. perfect condition. 422 Ringoid st, »t.
Eighth and Ninth.
1 9 I Q LOMBARD, NEAR LARK.IN — COT-
X-UXO tage 6 rooms, bath; modern improve-
ments; marine view; rent cheap.
rpWO COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 LARGE ROOMS;
I large yards and stable; rent cheap; key cor.
Twenty-fifth and Florida.
/COTTAGE 2714 BRYANT; 6 ROOMS, BATH,
\J laundry; beautiful garden; stable. ■ •
- r^ COTrAGE OF 3 ROOMS: GOOD
I .O\J order: water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant at, near highih, or 14Montgomery st.,
G. H. UMBSEN _ ca
nOTTAGE: 6 BOOMS; MODERN IMPROVE
\J ments. 9 Florence St., off Vallejo, bet. TayJor
and Jones. ]
OTTAGK OF 8 1O1MS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 3824 Mission st
C.99 TO LET— FURNISHED SUNNY FIVE-
tJnZ.^ 1 . room cottage, bath; also modern 6-room
fl»-__l_. 3748 Army st . near Dolores. *'-■•= '
J'I'KSISHJED i- LA IS. ==
E"" Tk7nf?rTYTuT^is^E~D^rE^FlXr7)F4
Xj rooms; bath, gas, etc.; water free; all conveni-
ences; reasonable. 913 Polk St., near Geary.
UNNY CORNER FLAT SIX ROOMS, FUR-
nished; piano; $30. Call afternoons 800 a
U < bster.
IMNELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
1 bain; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean ferries. Presidio and
City Hal rent reasonable; water free. Address
H.V. J.. box 36. Call Office.
FLATS TO LET.
qV on T WAB_i_S XSTON —^OWErTT^ISooIJsI
OXO_i bath, S3. 50; Guerrero, near Seven-
teenth, new, nearly completed 5 and 6 rooms and
bitn, $-5 and -Hi? 60; 1023 Valencia, lower 6
rooms, bath, $33 50: 2518 Mission, upper 6 rooms,
bath, *22 50; 28-5 Howard, lower 5 rooms, bath,
$-0; 207 Secjnd, upper 7 rooms, $18; 58Tebama,
upper 6 rooms, $18; 824 Filbert, middle 6 rooms,
bath, marine view, $18; 10-.4 Minna, lower 4
rooms ball, $16; 1210 Guerrero, upper 5 rooms,
bath, $16- 11% McLea court, upper 5 rooms,
bath, $16; 626 Filbert, upper 5 rooms. $16: 116
Dorland, upper 5 rooms, $14; 421* A Mississippi,
lower 4 rooms, bath. $14; 1307 Minna, upner 5
rooms, $1 4; 109% Ellis, basement 6 rooms, $12;
'_:■!] 5 Jarkin, lower 5 rooms, 12; 819 Alabama,
lower 5 rooms, stable, $12; 1311 Minna, lower 4
room.-, $10; 2856 Twenty-second, near Harrison,
lower, 3 rooms, $10; 174 Clementina, upper 3
room*. $10: 1047 Folsoni, upper 4 rooms. $9 : 58
Tehaxua, upper 3 rooms, $8. W. H. CKIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery st
]'ii Jackson, near polk— handsome
XOIX upper fiat of 6 rooms and bath: sunny
side <f street; cheap rent Apply BUKNHAM-
JIAISH CO., 628 Market st.
1 1 I f\ SACRAMENTO, NEAR VAN NESS-
-1 • 1 '.' Middle flat of 6 large rooms and bach;
recently renovated; rent reasonable 10 permanent
ttnant. Apply BUKNHAM-MARSH CO., 628
Market St..
ffl« JA 1130 VALENCIA— I 4 ROOMS: NEWLY
C"i"' papered and painted; 2 floors; every
room BUnny. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
C«Q-: 120 MCALLISTER ST^ OPP. CITY
<&00. Hall, 7 rooms and bath. ASHTON &
GARDIXEH, 411 Montgomery st.
XT OB HILL, OPPOSITE BELLA VISTA-6
±> rooms; reut $25; 920 Pine st BOVEE, TOY
A: SONTAG.
I^RENCHFLAT, 1039 GUERREBO ST..NEAR
X: Twenty-third: four rooms, bath, laundry; also
3321 'Iwenty.-flrst Bt, near Valencia; 3 nice
rooms, bath, basement Apply BALDWIN _
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
INK UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.,
J $22; lower fiat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25: both above In perfect condition; on
12tb St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement opp. private park, "$l6.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th at
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLaTS AND COT-
-0 tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st
ATEW MODERN,- SUNNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS
JLI ana bath. nr. Market and Thirteenth, »20. G.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., a Valencia.
y-lTw FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH: 16%
_> Chesley st; $12 per month: water free.
3 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD AND CELLAR; 271
«J Harriet st.
(Jin 417 GREEN; FIVE ROOMS; NEWLY
»i? Xxf . cleaned; garden and yard.*
'<SJ» I A 178 NOE ST., NEAR MARKET; ELE-
«jp — _:« (,-ant lower flat: 6 sunny rooms; bath.
I (\Of\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— BLACKSMITH
JUOU shop; also flat of 7 rooms. Apply at 1036.
BOOMS AND BATH; NICE NEW SUNNY
flat 4 Laussat st, nr. Fillmore and Haight
UNNY UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND BATH,
k ' very nicely furnished: rent reasonable. 72_
Central aye , near McAllister st.
,1/1 I 1 OAK, COR. LAGUNA— LOWER FLAT;
Wi!J4 clean rooms; $12.
I?LAT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH; COR. FELL AND
-T Lagunasts.; sunn, side; rent cheap.
A ROOMS: 2037% MISSION ST.; KEY IN
tl: grocery cor. Seventeenth st: rent $13.
Ii LAT OF 6 NEW SUNNY BOOMS; BATH;
cellar; yard. 134 Fourteenth St.. near Folsom.
941 I pacific av_., Nit fillmore—
—"i X 1 New sunny upper flat, 8 rooms; all latest
improvements. :
1 qi a sackamento-nice"flat4 rooms
±01 "it and bath. •.
(JJjl 7 FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 332
tjp 1 4 . Shotwell st, nr. Seventeenth.
,jj. 1 Q UPPER Fl AT, 4 LARGE BUNNY
ID. room*. 728% McAllister st
C»Qn NE. COR. PINE AND STEINER—
«Jp OU. upper flit, 8 rooms and bath.
~A CQQ EIGHTEENTH ST."-4 AKD 6 ROOMS
Ti'Oit and bath; $12 and $13; electric lines.
9 A 7 WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
_«U I modern conveniences. . ,
V_AT OF 5 KOOMS : BATH; . STABLE. 12
J Henry st, near Market. . •
TTFPER AJSD LOWER FLATS; 3 AND 4
U rooms: very convenient; rent $7, $8. Inquire
941 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET— Continued. I
_tl> 1 O NEW 6-ROOM FLAT; BATH; MOD-
10. em; worth looking at. 1228 Union st
TVTEW FLAT— B SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: j
JM rent 818. 2668 Market st, near Castro. ,
"nrVNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATE;
0 garden: 813 and 816. 1706 Post st.
rMIKAP KENT— 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 513 '
\J Thirteenth st. bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
OOOTEHAMA ST.— M ODER X F AT OF 6
pAy rooms: water free ; rent reduced.
... Ci TENTH — SUNNY UPPER FLAT 6
A— D rooms: bath; modern Improvements.
XT ICE SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
i\ rent $17: 25a Lloyd St.. bet. Scott and Devis-
adero. Thirteenth and Waller.
rpLVTSOF FOUR ROOMS AND BATH; $12
r and $13; 2408 Sacramento St., y_ block from
Cooper's College. '
"<_. I*> CONVENIENT, SUNNY. 6-ROOM;
!j_)l —. flat; cor. Nineteenth ana Hartford sts.,
near Castro. ■
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS 3 ROOMS
L» each: yard; basement, $10 and f 11. 123 San
Jose, near Twenty-third. ■
TTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
U 18 Guy place.
TjUVE ROOMS AND BATH. 134 PAGE ST.
I 1 (XX FULTON— GOOD LOWER. FLAT: 5
XX Da rooms and bath : near City Hall. __.:
LAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH; COR. BROAD-
way and Jones st. ; rent $18.
\TEW SUNNY modern 4-room flat. 4
II Tremont aye., near Waller. Golden Gate Park.
_in CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE. 643
<£SX-£i. Minna St., between Seventh and Eighth.
1 Qf.7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
XOU 1 flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
171 LAT- A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
' rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
OW-R FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
- 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BB-
X-t low Bryant 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH ;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st
Anna twenty-third; 100 FEET FROM
rrU I V Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. _^___
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
4\nthonr Street.
8 ANTHONY-SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
keeping rooms with cooking utensils; $1 60
week.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE.— 4 ELEGANTLY FUR-
_ i I XO nished sunny rooms: $12.
California Street.
9J- Ql CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
-CiOOx nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
- Clay Street.
1 CQPi CLAY— SIO; 2 FRONT ROOMS AND
1OO«_) storeroom; complete for housekeeping:
batb. ■
Eddy Street.
QfiX EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
OUi) private family; reasonable.
Elgin Park.
A 7 ELGIN PARK— FURNISHED BOOMS;
4: I bath and gas; for housekeeping.
j.i us > 1 reel.
Q9K NEATLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
-0-.0 keeping; also single rooms; reference.
09 ELLIS— HOUSEKEEPING; FOUR BUN-
OO-Ci ny unfurnished rooms and bath.
/^QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN — FURNISHED
DOt/ bay-window alcove; gas-stove; bath.
71QELLIS-2 OR 4 SUNNY FURNISHED
I 1Q housekeeping rooms; evt-ry convenience.
Essex Street.
8 ESSEX, RINCON HILL— OR 3 CONNECT-
ing rooms for housekeeping.
Filth Street.
Qf\Q FIFTH— NEW MODERN HOUSE: TWO
OVJ'J rooms complete for housekeeping; other
rooms.
Ql A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM
OXtfc and kitchen; sink; water; bath; private;
$10. ' .
Fourth -treet.
99fr FOURTH— HOUSEKEEPING AND BlN-
_;_, gle rooms: $6 to $8.
yjQr FOVRTH— LOVELY CORNER SUITE;
TrOtJ 2 large housekeeping; cas stove; also sin-
gle, furnished or unfurnished: $6 op.
ouldtu Gate Avenue.
orvQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
OUO room for housekeeping, $10; small sunny
single. $5. ________________
Grant Avenue.
i-, oxj. j^i.^, ..^ ,-—-—-. jjoK HOUSE-
-0 keeping: Kearny st, near Sutter; gas or water
free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Haight Street.
Of) A HAIGHT — NICELY FURNISHED
C\J~± rooms, or housekeeping room*; references.
Hickory Avenue
Iftfi HICKORY AVK., COR. FRANKLIN-3
X\J\J sunny furnished rms for housekeeping; $13. I
Howard Street.
1 1 HA HOWARD— 3 LA'IGE SUNNY HOUSE-
X XO\J keeping rooms: newly furnished for 4 in
family.
1 fi(\U HOWARD — 2 ROOMS, COMPLETE
J-UvfU for housekeeping, gas, private family; ■
rent cheap.
1 (\~l 1 HOWAKD-3 SUNNY FURNISHED
-l-'-'J-J- housekeeping rooms: private family.
liyde street.
1 C HYDE-TWO SUNNY UNFURNISHED
XO housekeeping rooms and bath; $13.
91 A HYDE— SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
-1" keeping rooms.
Leavenworth Street.
IAI Q LEAVENWORTH— 3 SUNNY CON-
X\JXO nectlng unfurnished rooms; gas; bath:
rent $16. ■„; •--;". -.*.!-.. -^-. - .
McAllister Street.
COQ McAllister — 3 LARGE unfur-
O\J\D nished housekeeping-rooms; also large
basement rooms.
Alinna Street.
AQ7 MINNA — 2 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
i"' for housekeeping, newly carpeted; very
convenient; reduced to $12. '
ish o" • Treet.
091 MISSION — NICE SUITE OF HOUSE-
<O-UX keeping rooms, $10; single rooms, $5.
QUO MISSION-TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
UUO rooms, complete for housekeeping.
f^OR CLEAN. CHEAP ROOMS GO TO 1055
Mission st.; housekeeping and others.
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X-UX O keeping rooms: gas: bath; no children.
tsa'oma street.
QQQ MISSrON— FRONT SUNNY ROOMS: $7
OOP up; housekeeping if desired; also single, $5.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH, NR. MARKET—FRONT SUITES;
-U\J housekeeping: 2to 4 rms. : gas : stove ; single.
Octavia Street.
1 __fjO OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-FRESH LV
XrX\JO furnished: bay windows and others; $7 up.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA- 2
0 or 3 sunny corner rooms, neatly furnished for
housekeeping; water and sink.
9 SUNNY BOOMS AT 25 PKARL ST.. OFF
— <■ Market.
Polk Street.
Q-l Q POLK - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OXO sunny alcove and kitchen; complete for
housekeeping: gas, bath, etc.; new carpets and
furniture; very reasonable.
Powell Street.
Ql A POWELL - 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
Oi-V roomr: complete for housekeeping; $ 17.
iitcond Street. ~^ ; >,
C 9 second— 2 plain ROOMS FOR light
O-J housekeeping; $1 50 up ; other rooms, cheap.
Seventh Street.
lOC SEVENTH-SUNNY FURNISHED
J-<J\J housekeeping rooms, single or en suite- $7
a month up.
2 AND 3 HOUSEKEEPING - ROOMS. 187
Seventh st. . ■ '
sixth S-reec.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and others. •
:Y ;* South Park. "i
1 (\ SOUTH PARK-FURNISHED OB UNFUR-
VlO s ned housekeeping suites; fine location; $7
to $12 per month: aisy single. $1 per week up.
Stevenson Street.
■tfil 2 STEVEN SONTIf EAR 18TH-SUNNY
XOX^i furnished back parlor; use of kitchen ;" $8.
Stockton Street.
200 STOCKTON. i NeTcoß. GEARY ST., NR.
_-\J\J the Emporium— •_! sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; $12; references. urulßnea
«IQI BTOCKTON-2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS'-
UJ-Oii large yard: running water. •
Tenth Street. .
m TENTH-ELEGANT 2 OB 3 HOUSE-
keeplng: piano: gas stove: suitable for
physician, or 2 couple; private family cheap.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS - Continued,
'liiirrt Street.
C 1 Q THIRD. COR. SOUTH PARK— SUNNY ]
OX rooms for housekeeping: range, running _
water. > . ■
C Q/_» THIRD — 2 SUITES NICELY FUR- ,-
OOD Dished housekeeping rooms: also single. _
Turk Street.
1 1 /_» TU RK —_: EGANTLY FURNISHED '
HO suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges, '_
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 1 Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
1102 Nicely furnished sunny housekeeping :
rooms; yard; low rent "
Valencia Street ;
i
ri-X pr VALENCIA— I SINGLE FURNISHED 1
I XO front room: $4; also furnished suite of ■
rooms with privilege of kitchen.
Van i>esB Avenue. '
A VAN NESS AYE.— 2 ROOMS FUR- I
rt\J-Ci nished for housekeeping; 1 front; sunny; j
reasonable. . ■ ■. __^^
Washington Street. i
CAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR- !
t)V_. nisbedhonsekeeplngrooms; running water. •
Welsh Street. 1
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY j
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap. j
KOOMS TO LET.
Hush street.
Ql "I BUSH, NEAR TAYLOR — PARLOR 1
OXX suite and single rooms; bath: gas. -- •
1 1 (\1 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED <
X XKJ I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath. •
Clementina octree..
Ql 91 CLEMENTINA — DOUBLE SUNNY
Gl-J2 front room to let.
1 <l«ly Street.
1 9 EDDY— SUNNY CORNER BAY-
X-Ci window tront room or en suite; cheap.
Q9C EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O— iO front room; $7. '
n-\ Q EDDY— LARGE FRONT BAY-WINDOW
D 1 V room ; 2 beds if required.
£Q9 EDDY— SUN -NY PARLORS AND HOUSE-
\JP£ keeping rooms; reasonable; nice location. ;
1 A 7 EDDY-SMALLFRONTROOM; GAS;
luul bath; cheap.
*...giith street.
SHERMAN APAKTMEKT HOUSE, 28 BTn i
at, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
fcilla street. '
rnHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished ; elevator; hot «fc cold water.
POSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
It at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O— J-J CALHOUN, First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
Fell Street.
<! 41 FELL ST. - SUNNY FURNISHED
a.-J.ttg room; suitable for 2. with kitchen ;rent, $8.
Fifth Street.
1 AQ FIFTH - NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
X\JV nlshed rooms: all conveniences; cheap.
Ai WEEK— SUNNY SINGLE FURNISHED
dpi room: closet; bath; private. 314 Fifth st.
Fulton Street.
1 COG FULTON, NKAR THE NICELY
lOt/D furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite. -:.■:•■--■-•• :
deary Street.
791 GEARY-PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
IZ X nished rooms: terms reasonable. ..
Oft 1 GEARY-NICKLY FURNISHED. BAY-
OUI window rooms, private, central, new corner
flat. ■•
Ql 71 GEARY-HANDSOME FRt.NT ROOM;
OX I 2 hot and cold wa:er; gas; bath; also two
single rooms: rent reasonable.
rfHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
1. olueu Gate Avenue
QQC* GOLDEN GATE AYE., CORNER LAR-
OOD kin— 2 large sunny front rooms: light house-
keeping if desired: $10 per month.
CQ7 GOLDEN GATK AYE.— NICE FUR-
KJLi I nished front room and others.
dough Street.
GOUGH, NR. PINE— NICELY FURNISHED
large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
.or married conple: board optional: private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call office.
drove Street.
1 Q GROVE — SUNN V FURNISHED ROOM;
1 D rent »- -■'—-„ j
H.rrimn street.
A~l (* HABRISON-FURNISHED ROOMS TO
J J. U let for man and wife or single men.
1 CiAfi HARKISON, NR. TWELFTH— BAR-
iuiu Der-abop ana 2 living-rooms: rent cheap.
howarti Snee..
r>9Q HOWARD— DOUBLE AND SINGLE
U__O rooms; nicely furnished: gas; bath; reason-
able.
1 1 *)Q HOWARD — FURNISHED ROOMS
II *~O from $3 a month up.
11 90 HOWARD - SUN.SY FURNISHED
11-u front room; closets; $5 60 up.
19C A HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
X^O^: window room, suitable for 2; also single
room, $5: every convenience.
I Ql PL HOW.\RD~3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
XOXO and bath for light housekeeping; reason-
able; no children.
i. on«-« >troo_.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room; private.
907 »«»~S— 'l'H_ VAX VMISKLE: NKW
-« I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly lnrnlshed; bath, etc. : Slo to S3».
— -*)<trny stre«».
A BLINGTON HOUSE, IC7KEARNY-PLBAS-
-TV ant sunny rooms, en cults and single; first cia«i
mtvery respect; terms reasonable. •..
Uikin Street.
Cl 9 LARKIN— 2 UNFURNISHED $9, OR 1
UX-j large furnished room $8.
Q()A LARKIN — LARGE, SUNNY ROOM,
W^ neatly furnished -.housekeeping If desired; $7
QI n LARKIN — HAS CHANGED HANDS;
OX I nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping; all furnished; $7 up. . ■ .
Leitvenworth street.
"I C9l LEAVENWORTH-FLAT OF FIVE
XkJ-UX rooms ; modern improvements.
*- Lewis Street.
I Q LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— .
X(J rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
J.urki- >.iae .
7_»7 MARKET, OPPOSITE EXAMINER OF-
• *J • flee— nice sunny rooms; single or en suite;
transient or by week or month; reasonable.
V OSKMITK HOUSE. 1045 MAKKKT — PER !
J. night, 36c to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
VOQ9 MARKET— 2 FURNISHED SUNNY
-£<Ut/-£i rooms, front and back parlor, with bath,
$12 a month; also furnished room for gentleman,
$t> a month, with bath.
31 art Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA- ;
son— Nice, furnished, sunny rooms; $5 60 and
$7 50.
. _ McAllister Street.
99£ a McAllister— sunny FURNISHED i
_--^U rooms; double and single; private; $8, $10. ■
. — iluna stre«k.
"I 79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED •
X I — rooms, 760, $1 and upwards.
9^l MINNA .ST. -FRONT SINGLE AND :
_uK aouble rooms: $1 per week up.
O£9 MINNA— SUITE AJSD HOUSEKEEPING i
OU-1 rooms. , 1
A 1 7 MINNA-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED i
rtX I rooms: private family; rent reasonable. ; ■
Oar MINNA, CORNER EIOHTH-NJKWLY *
\J\J I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week. 1
_. •n-loii >i.ieei. :
C9l MISSION— TWO . SUNNY FURNISHED ■
iJ-J X- rooms: very reasonable. - ' - "
7f>Q MISSION— FINE LIGHT FRONT ROOM, -
I \JO with alcove: very quiet house. "
QO9 MISSION- NICELY FURNISHED
U«J__ front suite; first floor; suit doctor; single ',
rooms cheap. ■ . I
1 390 MISSION, NEAR NINTH-LA ROW "
J-*J*U\J sunny- bay-window room: suitable for
two: light housekeeping If desired; rent $10. -
99991 MISSION— NICE LARGE ROOMS:
_._-_- —■£ new, bedding; private family; special •
care.
. Octavia Street. *
41 O OCTAVIA, NR. HAVES— NICELY FUR- .
Hu nlsbed sunny front bay-window room; rea-
sonable. - ■
—-———---———-————---————-—————-————-——-—-———————-—-——_______. 1
o'JKaireii Street. ■
9Q O'FARRELL— NICE FURNISHED -
O-UO front room for gentleman In private fam- -
lly; good house: reference required; l 623 O'Farrell.
9_»C O'FARRELL,' NEAR MASON (THE '!,
&OO Afton)— New and nicely lnrnlshed rooms. I
■ Font Street. " I
99Q1 POST - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED "
■— <— rooms for gentlemen only. ; The Dounis ; J
• , Rose Avenue. -
41 ROSE AYE., ; OFF MARKET. NEAR -
2 Haight— 3 nice sunny rooms; reasonable. 1
ROOMS' TO LET— Continned.
Folk Street.
I 1 .11 folk; COR. sutter-labge FRONT
*-Xa:X sunny bay-window room.
I 7091 POLK, COR. CLAY-SUNNY COR-
I <U__:» ncr Day-window room; suitable for two
adiesor gentlemen. ; .
Kubb Street.
■n sunny FURNISHED SINGLE
£iX room; bath; closet; $5.
Sacramento Street.
1 OOF.I SACRAMENTCT-S ROOMS: RENT
LO£Q<s $iq. separate entrance.
South r»rK.
\f\ SOUTH PARK- VERY DESIRABLE NEW-
L>"ly i furnished sunny rooms; bath, gas, etc.,
•easonable: private family. ]
tevenson Street.
7001 STEVENSON^ OFF NINTH-NICE
4 003 furnished rooms; single; cheap; quiet
ilace. ■ ■
butter street.
KfiA SUTTER, COR. POWELL-LARGE SUN-
I)UU ny front suite, furnished or unfurnished;
»lso single.
7H'-{ GUTTER. COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN
• yd Reml)-Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
mite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
1 AO TAYLOR-ESTABLISHED OFFICE FOR
lv/-_ doctor or dentist; front suite; also single;
cheap. ■
InQ TAYLOR -LARGE SUNNY ROOMS.
11/ separate beds $2 a week; running water;
?as. ' ■_
F. 99 TAYLOR. NEAR POST-NICELY FUR-
i>-_'-_ nished sunny rooms; new throughout.
F.9Q TAYLOR-SINGLE BOOM; RUNNING
OOP water; $6 a month.
Tenth Street. ;
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET-1, 2 OR 3
large sunny rooms. [
Twenty-sixth Street. .
II Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-
XLUa Nicely furnished sunny single rooms;
ijulet; $4 to $6. '
Valencia Street.
m VALENCIA— SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE
or en suite; housekeeping rooms, with run-
ning water.
William Street.
U7 WILLIAM, NKAK POST. BET. TAYLOR
I and Jones— Nicely furnished front room,
independent, $8 per month: private family;
JSOAKUING AND BOOMS.
QQQ^AIIY^^NW^SuTfETwiTH PRI-
-000 vate bath, suitable for families; also sunny
single rooms; excellent board.
£1 (S TAYLOK-2 SU'.VNY LARGE ROOMS,
OX with board ; $40 for 2. ■
C M (I VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
<Jv_j nished parlor floor; board optional.
QnA VAN NESS AV.-KLEGAN.- ROOMS,
O"l/ with board; pleasant home for young men.
790 SUTTEK (IMPERIAL HOTEL)-SUNNY
■ — <O suites; single rooms; excellent table board. .
OTKI, BKKTLINU. 714 DUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ern conveniences.
WEEK'S NEWS TOR 5 CENTS — THJS
WEEKLY CALL, Id wraoDer. for mailing.
CHIL.DKKN boarjdel>.
olSl^Tjke^to^bovrd~XTittle girl
between 4 and 10. mote for a companion. Ad-
dress 1. B , box 142, Call trace.
AT~IO2 SAN' JOSE A YE. A PLEASANT
home for child; refined family; good care:
terms moderate.
ESPECTABLE LADY WANTS TWO
children to board: short distance in the coun-
try; good home; mother's care. Apply 237 Hick-
ory aye.
ViriDOW IN THE COUNTRY WOULD LIKE
" care of 1 or 2 children, or baby; mother's
care. MRS. C. SHIVERS, Antioch, Cal.
LADY WITHOUT CHILDREN WANTS
child to board; good borne; mother's care.
14 Day st., near Twenty-ninth.
£91 PINE ST.-INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
VAX board; refined home; sunny yard; best of
care.
\V ANTED-CHILDREN TO BOARD. AD-
" dress bo?, U, Call Office. Alamoda.
STOKES to let.
/ STO^E^AND
OZiO cellar $125
5! 9 Kearny 50
515 Third ; sure, 3 rooms, cellar, etc.. for
bakery — 30
527 Second: lore and 4 rooms ' 20
W. H..RIM <fe CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
STORE SUITABLE FOR BAKERY OR FANCY
store: threi living rooms attached. 428 Shot-
well st., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. >
TOKE AND i NICK ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
iT? gooa f or ftrantb oakery or shoemaker: rent,
915. 112 s&n Jose aye. _■__■ ■. :
T~O LET— STORE AND 14 ROOMS ON EAST
St. Irqulre Hampshire St., nr. Twenty-first
TORT— B KIGHTH ST.; 2 LIVING-ROOMS;
yard 80 feet from Market St.; reasonable.
TARGE C> RNER 8 '.'ORE WITH BASK-
XJ mcrt: will fix to suit tenant 1065 Howard.
WE.VT Y-FOUBT AM) FLORIDA— 2 ..EW-
Xly fl;pd stores; 1 a fine corner. Apply at stores.
4.1 i\ "'■' '"" X ' SMALL STOKE WITH ROOM
jflUjnrenr; suitable foranj- retail business; low
rent, >pply 10 G. H. U?.iH>EX & CO.. 14 Montg'y.
OYJTICUBS TO LET.
~OOnTA^vJby^^TTEK^CIs6ICK^OR^T)F^
0~-it/$ aces and residence combined; reasonable.
T~ O CtiUBS— TWO UPPER FLOOKS BUILI>
.X me 126 O'Farre.l street, near Alcazar Theater:
rent 8 U-. ASHTON _ GAKDINFR, 411 Mont-
gomery st. . .
C PREJKEI^ . BUILDING, 927 MARK&T-
O Klcpin t sunny offices. $12 60 up; electric-light;
beatin(and janitor service free. Apply at building
or U. il UMBSKN & CO.. li aiont-omery st. «
} HOTEL TO LEASE.
HOTtlTri > LEA ?Sk TOR^A~TERM^oTFyEARB;
XX net 6-story and basement brick buildine con-
taining 83 rooms; also cround floor and well-
lighted lasement; centrally located, 1/2 block N. of
Market and 1 bluck from Bald wis Hotel and
Kmporiim building: newly furnisbrd throughout;
nrnituri for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVEKBEKO, 320
Sansorm st., room 39.
__^^HOTEL^TOJLET.
TO LBT— THE~^A\^TELITIi'oUSE! 31^319
Bush it; this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovaUb, considerably Improved; compßres with
best 'JdKlass hotel In town. MADISON it BURKE
i-Ut SALE-MISCELLANEOUS. ■
WE ! w'UuN^CASH REGIS'nSRS~FOR^SALE:
— pric« $25. Address C, box 4, Call.
PETAIUMA INCUBATOR AND BROODER;
X nearly new; cheap. 16 Whitney, off Thirtieth.
SINGKJt IMPROVED HIGH ARM; $12 60.
2437 Mission st., near Twenty-first
VINE JERSEY BULL FOR SALE. SULPHUR
X Spring Farm. Nlles.
CIABINKT-MAKER'SOUTFnVBENCH.TOOLH
Jof every kind a fine outfit; cheap; also com-
plete hunting outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
VINK FRESH COW CHEAP. 912 FBAN-
-»- cisco st. near Larkln. _^
BRANCH BAKERY; NOTIONS: CANDY; 4
living rooms; leaving city. 632 O'Farrell st.
TRRIGATOR^. 4 AND 8-HORSE BKCOND-
i- hand gHso<inc engines, first-class and cheap.
Address G. E., box 100, Call Office.
SMITH PREMIER NO. 1, IN GOOD CONDI-
tlon. with desic ; $65. Address A., box 4, Call.
ST. BERNARD PUPS, ROUGH COAT, THOR-
oughbred; sired by largest St. Bernard in the
State. 812 Elizabeth st, west of Castro. . »
FOR SALE CHEaP-85-HORSKPOWER EN-
X gine, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. E. LEE,
1 wenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
DRILL; BARNES' 20-INCH SWING SQUARE
base, cheap; or trade. 616 Mission st
IJICYCLE BARGAINS— '96 MODELS; STRICT-
1 ' ly high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fall to call and inspect before buy-
ng. F. R. GRANNIS & CO., 609 Market st.
POUNTE R S, •■ SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. -.:■' . , .'■<
AROAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
BOILERS, MACHINERY,
U waterplpea. . Mclntosb <fe Wolpman, 137 Be ale.
1 UILDINus BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH—3
' ' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1168 Mission.
ONE .SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st
LUKE ; AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
*- press, platform scales and desk:cbeap. 102 Clay.
NEW KANQEB CHEAPER THAN BKCONI>
hand, w. B. RAY Mfg Co.. la California s^
_^^ BICYCLES.
\\T ill EXCHANGE SCH^L^RSUIFI^rSTR
'' buslnfaa college for good bicycle. 226 Clay st
A '95 VICTOR; GOOD A 8 NEW; < 26-IN. H
t\. frame; for tall man. F. W. MERRILL, 417
Montgomery st  v r . , ;. ; •
I) ICYCLKS, 1896 MODELS, S2S TO 66. HAM-
L> llton Cyciery, Baker st, near Hayes. . . ,
bICYCLKS FOR $20, $25, 380, 35, 40, $45,
$50, second-hand.' 306 Post st. -
FOR SALE— '96 R-AMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
perial and Clipper bicycles, at great gains.
103 ! .ark in st- ; ," '. .': ;. : . - .
j j ICYCLES— $20, : $30, $40, ; $50: RAMBLER.
if Victor, steams, Cleveland, Sterling. 1610
tlarket st. - ■ .. _ :,:....■ .•
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
J- best accommodations. Termlaus Geary, Mo-
UlUter and PoweU st. car lines. ; <
FERSONALS. ' . _ . .
VwiroB^iSiITGENTLE-lAN DESIRES
X acquaintance of a refined young lady; all an-
swers strictly confidential. . Address C. R. G., box
55, Call Office. .:.--*- ..■-' .- -■■■:':.■
■VTOTICE — THE MEXICAN MAN-OF-WAR
li Zaragoza will sail from this port on Wednesday
next. All claims against said vessel or crew must
be presented on board for payment on or before
Tuesday afternoon, the 16th proximo.
LADIES, IF TOO IIAVKN'T~Y_CT TRIED
JU having your hair dressed by G. LEDFKER,
111 Stockton si , do It; you will be pleased with
both his price (_6c) and work; don't forget the
number; he has imitators.
* LL ABOUT "MARRYING ACCORDING TO
I\. Science" sent free. Address Delineator, 1055
Market st. \
HAIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURE, 26c;
face treatment MME. BUTLER, 131 Post
st, room 20. . . ■■ ■
I. DKKSI (LATE OF PARIS AND LON-
. don); designer, ladies' tailor and furrier.
1714 Post st. '■■
GL DECSI
• (Late of Paris and London),
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required, • ■ ■ \
For information and prices Inquire at 1714 Post
■treet. - : . .
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
I'Y YOUR LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS FOR
26 cents; heayy toweling for Scents: curtain
lace; percales; sheet! corsets; underwear:
hosiery: trimmings: bed spreads, etc., very cneap
•at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
TRANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
±J IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st, opp. U. S. Mint
TD AG CARPETS WOVE TOORDER.FOR SALE;
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk- rag portieres ; deal-
er in carpet twine in bank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
PHYSICIAN WILL GIVE SERVICES AND
1 medicine in exchange for anything salable or
useful: country products accepted. M. D., box 60,
Call Office. -
B~6XING TAUGHT IN 15 LESSONS. 808
Leavenworth st.
VOUNO GENTLEMAN. 24, WITH MEANS,
X wishes the acquaintance of young lady not
over '20; object, matrimony. F. J., box 126, Call.
A DVICK FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS A SPB-
A cialty ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
iende.l to. U.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 t-ansome, upstairs.
mHK EC ONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.":
X selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
PARTINQTON'S SCHOOL' OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. K. Partlngton, Gertrude j
Partington, It. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine. I
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.; j
f.ne edge put on razor for 25 cents. > \
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING: j
low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny. j
KO. W. PHJBLPS, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW, 215 ,
Sansome st., room 4. . • ■
UITS TO 'ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO I
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate !
Company, l ll7 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
T IBERAL ADVAiSCi-cSO.* DIAMONDS, JKW' \
XJ • Iry, etc. : lowest rates. 94S Market st
mRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 I inn CAKDs, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 >VJ\J tel. Black 1.41. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39. i
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKBHS YOU i
ii can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: a'so
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHH.D'S, 213-215 Mason at; open evenings.
T7ILECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
SU Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HaIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices. '
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY lSi
Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. J. MISS AUD.
IMG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW KVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st
LD GOLD. SILVER, tJENTo' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. I'OUIAX. 41 So. cor. Jessie
DKESSMAKEKS.
RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma st-, above Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
TkyfRiTMIiiLvTLLirSNT
IVX vocal music: piano; elocution for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specialty ;
vocal classes Monday Bp. M. : $1 per month.
UNO AND G'JITAK LESSONS AT PU-
plls* home; 50c half-hour: best references.
Address Piano, box 12. Call Office.
UOOKKEfc.Pf.NG BY TAKR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
X> ant teaching: i/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations.. 659 Market |
A TT__SD BTIEHL'BCOLLEG.Er723~MARKET I
•fV st. The very best individual ' instruction; I
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1 ; books free.
POOKKPNU, WRUNG, AKITHMTC, «KAMR
X> day it ni.-ht: nocla^ses: $5 month. 845 Mission i
EClt i'SIO-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; . 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), S2s.°927 Market
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL, j
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth. |
KIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD/TEACHER OF |
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market j
JOSEPH GREVKX, VOIC_>IMPROVER. 82 i
Ninth st. , . I
PANISU, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
uPASIhU. I'K_.\"CH,HKHJIAN ; MODEKATH.
OAlelsterschaft School Lnneuaqes, 122 O'Farrell s:
V RES', THE LKADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
LyELASCO"S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTIJSU—
-D Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mi.i
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M_-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; cstab. .€4.- VAN DER NAILLEN. 7-53 IlkL
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. W rite for catalogue.
X I (SCHOOL -.tit. A L til :■>. (i._L_uli;JJ
Xi Post: commercial, !<hor!hand, Knsllsh: iowra'9?
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
as free. ........
UEATISTS. ~ ~
OFFICKFOHSALK: LoWE^'T^RENrTirARE
chance to catch on. Departure, box 81, Call.
T^IRST-CLABS~bKNTISTRY~: FIRST-CLASS
J? prices: first-class results; painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter st., corner PowelL
1 »R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO-.T ST.. NEAR BU-
XJ chanan; gas given: crown and bridge worn.
K. L. T. . KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ays.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
) ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
fnn $5 ; fillings frm *1 ; extracting 60c, with gas $L
ma SET for TEETH: warranted as
•T' I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I\K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443. MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
J^ULL r-ti.l OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. r DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth st
ET OF TifIETH WITHOUT A LATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1811 Polk at '
I \R. - GEORGE W. LKEK. . THJS ■ GENUINK
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from b to 20 O'Farrell st
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; - CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearj'
experience. B. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
/ IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. HU_ MAit-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK.I2O6MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WA&-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 112' i Market at.
: SEWING MACHINES. : ■'.'-.
C UPWARD ; RICN-F . $1 ; 60 TO $1 75
' dp «J monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed ; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGE
—*- rented, repaired lowest rates. ' 205 Fourth it.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SATURDAY, June 13.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 56 hours from Port Los
Angeles: ballast, to Pol ard & Dodee.
Schr Lily, Bottger. 60 hours fromUmpqaaKiver;
lumber, to Gardiner Mill Co.
For«i(»n Port*.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Manposa,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived June 11-Br ship Silver
how, from Tacoma.
LONDON-Arrived June 12-Brshlp LawhilK
henc Jan 29.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed June 11-Ger bark J W
Burmes.er. for Cardiff.
Arrived June la-Ital bark Giuseppe, hence
Feb 6.
GL'AYMAS— sailed June 12— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
BREMEN-Arrived out June 13-stmr Halle.
Sailed June 18— Stmr Dresden, for New York.
NEW YORK-Arrived June l«-atmr New
Yorlt, from Southampton.
Balled June 13-btmr La Touraine, for Havre:
stmr Scandla, for Hamburg: sttnr Ktruriawfor
Llverpoo : stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Paris, for Southampton; stmr Saale, for Bremen ;
Clrcassla, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 13-Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
HA VRE— Sailed Jnne 13— Stmr La Bretagne, for
New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 12— stmr Elvsta, for
New York. lune 13— suur Werra. for New York.
GLASGOW— sailed June 13— Stmr State of
Nebraska, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed June 13— Stmr Westernland,
from New York tor Antwerp; stmr La Bourgogne.
from New York for Havre.
Kxplanatlon.
Tb* arrow files with the wind. The ton flnm
S* station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanied by fair weathel: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high in the interioi
and low aloug the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain seuth ot Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
MARRINES LICENSES
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday :
T. Creany and Margaret McNamara, 34—30.
E.i L. Smith and Mary H. Weidemann, 26—20.
A. B. Thomson and C. A. Her; eny, 38—22.
J. J. Hindricks and Catherine Landers. 29—22.
(i. N. Habernijht and Alice N. Russ, 25—23.
H. C. Ti den and Alice A. Voorman, 25—22.
J. A. Boge aud Sophie Ber:elsen ,28— 26.
David Kerriiran and Lillie Mickel. 40—28.
biKIite— MARRIAGES—
' [Birth, marriage and death, notices sent by mill
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same published.]
HORN.
BLACKWOOD—May 17, 1896, to the wife Of Wil-
liam Black wood, a son.
Bl'RNEti-ln tnls city, June 13, 1896. to the wife
of Thomas S. Burnes (Lyons), a son.
CON WAY— June 8, 1896, .otbo wife of H. *".
Con way, a daughter.
FIGFL— Id this city. June 12, 1896. to the wife of
Arthur r'igel, a daughter.
FIRM STONE— in this city. June 13, 1896, to the
wife of J. E. Firmstone, a daughter.
FOGARTY— In this city, June 4, 1896, to the wife
of Joseph A. Fogarty, a son.
LA VALLEE— In this city, June 9, 1896, to the
wife of Emery La Vallee, a daughter. .
LUNDTN— In this city, June 12, 1896. to the wife
of Charles Lundin, a son.
M fcI.CIIER— In San Carlos, .Tune 8, 1896, to the
. wife of E. A. Melcher, a daughter.
MITCHELL— 10, U96. Joseph H. Mitchell,
a son.
N < >WLAN— To the wife of John Vow! an, a son.
OSTRANDER— In this city, June 4, 1896, to the
wife of James J. Os rander, a. don.
SILVEY— In this city, June 5, 1898, to the wife of
F. J. Silvey, a daughter.
SOHER— In this city, June 11, 1896, to the wife
of l.mile Sober, a daughter.
WILLIS— In this city. June 9, 1896, to the wife of
R. J. Willis, a daughter.
WILSON— In this city, June 13, 1896. to the wife
of D. W. Wilson, a daughter.
3IARKIEO.
FERNALD— In Berkeley. June 12,
1896. by the Rev. E. B. Payne, Chester Bailey
!•'• rijii d and Josephine Harker.
HEALEY-MURPMY— In this city, June 8, 1896,
by the Rev. Father J. Nugent, Edwin J. Healey
and Annie Murphy.
HEYMAN— JACOBS-In this City, June 2, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger, Julius Hey-
man and Gussie Jacobs, both of San Francisco.
PERALTA— ROBINSON— Ma • 31. 1896, by the
P.ev. Father scan m, Maximilian Peralta of
Oakland and Ella Rose Robinson of Sau Fran-
cisco.
UXX.U.
Bennett, Harry Mattalnl. Mary D.
■ Carss, Kober; J. Mitchell (Infant)
Callaghan, Annie Muller. Charles
Cunrsey, John . Neilson, Tillie J. C.
Crounse, Lawrence ; Pedersen; Alfred N.
Connell, Kate Peterson. Lizzie
Daley, Mrs. E. Pohley, Margaret
Dolan, Mary . Reimers, Jacob
Edwards, Robert M. Sullivan, Gertrude
Oilman, Bernicie . Sewall, Irving E.
Haslett, Arthur Simon, Walter M.
Johnston, William Schuetze, Henrietta
Jordan, Caroline H. Vaslit Frank H.
Kembeck, Mary J. Valleau, Samuel
Lundin (Infant) Welssich, William O.
McGibben, Kobert Wingerter, Charles J.
Murphy, Mrs. Mary B. Young, Edith
Zollber. Pearl
BENNETT— In Washington State, Harry, be-
- loved husband of Lucy E. j Bennett, aged 29
years. .
CROUNSE— In this city, June 13, 1896, Lawrence
L. Crouuse, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred
C. Crounse, and nephew of Mr. and Mrs. W. 8.
Pavnter. a native of Helena, Mont., aged 5 years'
3 months and 24 days.
CARSS— In this city, June 11, 1896, Robert John,
son of the late Robert and Catherine Carss. and
brother of Mrs. M. Brown and Hannah Carss
a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 8
months and 5 days.
US-Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 51 Louisa
I street • Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CALLAGH AN— this city, June 12, 18P6, Annie
beloved wife of John L. Callaghan, and daughter
of William Patrick O'Coune 1, and sister of Mrs.
Kate Boyd. John, Daniel, May and Agnes O'Con-
nell, a native of New York City, aged 32 years
and 22 days.
&9"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 816 Greenwich street, thence to St
Francis Church, Vallejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
I soul, commencing at 8:45 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . •
COURSEY-In this city, June 11, 1896, John
dearly beloved husband of Kate Coursey, and
father of John, Mary, Thomas, James, Cecelia,
Kate and Magirfe Coursey, and brother of Mrs.
James McCarthy of Kosebnrg, Or., a native of
Roundstone, County Gal way, Ireland, aged 52
A precious one fr om us Is gone,
A voice we loved is stilled, '
A place is vacant In our home,
Which never can be filled. •■'•;*-.';
From the Family.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 61 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick s Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 2. -The members of this
division are hereby notified to assemble at Hi-
bernla Hall 120 Ninth street, TUib DAY (Sun-
day), at 8:30 o'clock a.m. to attend the funeral
of our late brother, John Coursey. Fines for non-
attendance will be strictly in forced. Members
of sister dlv.sions are cordially invited to attend.
. _ BARTLEY LEE, President.
John Kenny, Rec. Sec.
CON>ELL-In this city, June 13. 1896. at the
resldendeof her daughter, Mrs. E. Daley, 1424
Dolores straet, Mrs. Kate Connell, beloved
mother of Cornelius and Patrick Connell . and
Airs. K. Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
«S*N otice of funeral nerearter. '
DOLAN— In this city, June 13. 1896, Mary Dolan,
beloved sister of John, Thomas and Bridget
: Dolan, a native of the Parish of Drum, County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 63 years. [Boston
papers please copy.]
Friends - and acquaintances are re^oec*-'
; fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 226% Sanchez street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •. ■•■-:• ■ ■ , • ,
EDWARDS— In this city, June 13. 1896, Robert
Maze Edwards, beloved husband of Mary Ellza-
beth, and father of Maze. David. William and
Samuel Edwards and Mrs. Joseph Jenus, a
native of London, England, aged 71 years.
JW Friends ani acquaintance* are re^ojev
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORKOW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock P. M., from Innity
Church, corner of Gough and Bush streets, in-
terment pr.vate, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OILMAN— in Berkeley, June 12, 1896. Bernicie
Catherine, yonnpes! daughter of ivale ana
Charles L. Oilman, a native of California, agea
1 year 11 months and 11 aays.
«s~Frien<is and acquaintances are respectfully
lnvit.d to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(.Sunday), at 10 o'clo.k a. m., from the pareu:s
residence on Dana street, near Parker, Berkeley,
nterment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakla.id.
HASLETT— In this city. June 13,1896. Arthur,
beloved son of James and Mary Haslett, a
native of *an Francisco, aged 16 years and 9
months.
aS-Friends and acquaintances are reipec f ,-
fuliy Invited to atten'l the tunerai TO-MORROW
(Mondiy).at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his parents. 2821 sixteenth street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JORDAN— In Keiilands, San Bernardino County,
May 29, 1896, Caroline H., mother of George
Jordan, formerly of San Francisco, aged 85 years
6 months and 9 days.
JOHNSTON— In this city, June 11, 1896, William
G.. dearly beloved son of Captain Robert, and
Elizabeth Johnston, and brother of Robert H-,
Elizabeth M. and Andrew L. Johnston, a native
of San irancisco, aged 25 years 9 months and 23
days.
OTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral THIS DA.V
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. jc., from his late
residence, 203 Se-ond street, thence to Mizpah
Presbyterian Church. Harrison street, near Fifth,
where funeral services will be held, commencing
at 1 o'clock p. it. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
KEMBECK— In this city, June 13, 1896, Mary J.,
1 beloved wife of Christopher Kembeck and
mother of George D.. William J. and Tillman R.
Herring, a native of Massacnusetts, aged 41
years.
LUNDIN— In this city, June IS, 1896, Infant son
of Charles Lundin.
McGIBBEN— In this city, June 13, 1896. Robert,
dearly beloved husband of the late Isabel Mc-
Gibben. and father of Mrs. Ml<che 1 Ford, James
A.. Robert C, Samuel J. and the late Maggie I.
McGibben, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 62
years.
4SF"lnterment private.
MATTAINI— In Berkeley, Jnne 13, 1896, Mary
D. t beloved wife of Giuseppi Mattalnl, a native Of
Philadelphia, aged 40 years and 1 month.
ttS~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Monday), at 10 o'clock a. M., at
her late residence, corner of Partcer and Manoa
streets. East Berkeley. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
MITCHELL— June 10, 1896, infant son of Joseph
H. and Kitty Mitchell.
MULLER— In this city, June 11, 1898, Charles,
be oved husband of Elizabeth, and father oj
Dorothea and Elizabeth Muller, and brotnerot
Mrs. J. Muller and Mrs. C. Wehr, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 38 years 3 mouths p.nd
25 days. A mem aer of Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
A. O. U. \V., Yosemite Lodge No. 1930, K. of
IL, California Castle No. 1. Knights of the Gol-
den Eagle, and Grocers' Union.
X_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Red Men's
Hall. 320 Poit street, where services will be
held under the auspices or Magnolia Lodge No.
41, A, O. U. W. Interment I. o. O. K. Cemetery.
MURPHY— There will be a solemn requiem high,
mass forthe repose of the soul of Mrs. Mary B.
Murphy, beloved mother of Frank H., William
8., Richard J., Thomas 8., James 8., George X,
and Mrs. E. B. aud Mrs. P. J. Carr, at Si. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue. Monday morning,
at 8 o'clock. Friends are invited.
NEILSON— In South San Francisco, June 11,
1896, Tillie Johanna Christina Neilson, beloved
daughter of John Peter aud Christina Neilson,
and sister of Clara Neilson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aijod 4 years 11 months and 15 days.
aSfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock P. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 41 Sixteen th avenue
South, near P street South. Interment I. o.
O. *'. Cemetery.
PETERSON— in this city, June 10, 1896, Lizzie,
beloved wife of Louis Peterson, and mother of
Georgiesnd Emma Peterson, daughter of Charles
and Mary Haner, ana sister of Mrs Josephine
Tourtelotte, W Uiam, Frank and Joseph Haner,
a native of lowa, aged 28 years 3 months and
15 days.
#9"Friends ana acquaintances are resDec*-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:31) o'clock a.m., from heriate
residence. BO.iMin'ia >treet, nearSeveuth. Inter-
ment i. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PEDKRSKN— In South San Francisco, June 12,
1896, Alfred Norman Pedersen, beloved and
youngest child of Ane E. and the late Bertblneus
Pedersen, and beloved brother of Otto and Alma
Pedersen. Mrs. Üba Barnes, Mrs. Amanda
Reddy and Mrs. Rose Kline, a native of San
Frani isco, ageo. 10 years 11 months and 1 day.
A3~Friends ana acquaintances are resue3v-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. _t.. from the resi-
dence of bis mother, 938 Eleventh avenue
south, between N and P street south, thence to
Fifteenth-avenue M. E. Church, for funeral ser-
vices. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POHLEY— In this rity, June 12. 1896. at the
residence of her daughter, Amelia Nutwald.
2501 V_ Mission street, Margaret, beloved wife
*.f the late Joseph Pohley, and mo:her of
Henry, Frederick and Jacob Pohley, a native of
Germany, aged 87 years 11 months and ti days.
X_T"Frlerid3 and acquaintance* are resua:.-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her daugn ter. 2501 V_ Miision street,
thence to San Jose for interment by 10:40
o'clock a. 11. train from Fourth and Townsend
streets.
REIMERS— In this city, June 11, 1896, Jacob
Reimers. beloved husband of Catberina Reimers,
and father of G orye, Alma, Blanchette, Jesse
and Archie Heimers, a native of 'Wewelsfleth,
llolstein. Germany, aged 55 3'ears 3 months and
7 days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27. A. O.
U. W. [Seattie papers please copy.]
Dearest father, thou hast left us.
All your trials now shall cease,
For thou hast gone to dwell
In realms of everlasting peace.
'Twas very hard or us to part.
Yet God's will shall be done;
And loving prayers shall waft thee on
To that glorious land beyond.
Hia Family.
JSTRelatlves and friends are respectfully In-
Tited to attend ihe funeral THIS DAY (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock p. if., from his late residence,
327 Twenty-eighth street, between Church and
r Sanchez. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 12, 1896, Ger-
trude, beloved daughter of Thomas and Martha
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 yean
and 2 months.
j(_f"Frienas and acquaintance* ar= respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 339 Twelfth street. Inter-
me-tt Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BEWALL— In this city, June 12. 1896, Irving E.,
beloved son of David H. and Josephine Sewall. a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 years 5 montha
and 12 days.
tST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 428 Brannan street. Interment -
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHUETZK— In this city, June 13, 1896, Henri-
etta Schuetze, a native of Germany, aged 80
years.
SIMON— In this city, June 13, 1896, Walter M.
Simon, a native of Wales, aeed 29 years.
VASLIT— In this City, June 12, 1896, Frank H..
son of the late Dr. F. S. Vaslit, aged 34 yean. 10
montrhs and 7 days.
49TFriends are repectfiUly invitPd to attend
the fune*al services THIS DAY (Sunday), at
2 o'clock P. M., from SI >rra Hall, N. S. G. W.
building, 414 Mason street. Interment Sonoma,
I Cal.
VALLEAU— Jnne 12, 1896. Samuel, beloved huv
band of Nellie B. Valleau. father of Mabel and
Tom Valleau, and son of T. P. and M. A. Val-
leau, a native of California, aged 40 years S
months and 6 days.
4_TFriends and acquaintances are re soect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under tfce auspices of King Solomon Lodge No.
260, F. and A. M. Interment I-aurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
WKISSI<?H-In this city. June 11, 1896, William
Otto, beloved husband of Caroline WeisMcn,
and father of Mrs. Theodor Dierks, Mrs. Clem-
ens Escbmann, Miss Julia and Willia'n O. Wels-
sich, a native of Buckeburs, Schanmbure-Ltppe,
Hanover, Germany, asied 70 years and 24 days.
<_TFriends and acquaintances are rmDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his la c resi-
dence, 1318 Buchanan street, between Eddy and
Ellis. Interment I. o. O. F. Cemetery.
WINGERTER— In this city. June 13. 1896,
Charles Joseph, beloved husband of Carolino
Wingerter and rather of Mrs- Meltnda C. Mtdau,
Edward P. Wingerter and Mrs Frank W. Mars-
ton, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 79
years 8 months and 6 days.
aSfFuneral services will beheld TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M-. from his late
residence, 2714 Sacramento street, between
PUree and Scott. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
YOUNG— lnthls city, June 13, 1896. Elith, he-
loved daughter of Henry F. and Kate Young, a
native of San Francisco.
ZOLLBER— In this city, Jnne 13, 1896, Pearl, be-
loved daughter of John a. and Acme T. Zollber,
a native of San Franc isco, CaU, aged 14 years
and i months.
jg_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'ciock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 206 Fair Oaks street,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn,
requiem mass will be celebrated forthe repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. il
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MCAVOY A CALLaCHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALMKRs,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
J as. Mi-Mkn'omey. Chas. McMenomky
JA3IES McMENOMEY & SON
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 33 54.
JAB. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market su. San FrancUos
Telephone So. 15*. •».«--FRANK MOFFITT
FOR CONGRESS.
Some Quiet Work Being
Done in Democratic
Ranks.
ESTIMATE OF STRENGTH
Said to Be Spoiling for an
Out and Out Fight
With Daggett.
A PRONOUNCED SILVER MAN.
Editor Carrington's View of the Man
Who Would Represent the
Third District.
Oakland OFFir-E Sa?> Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, June 18. )"
borne surprise was caused to-day when
It became known that there is a probability
of Frank J. Mortitt being a candidate for
Congressman from this district before the
Third Congressional District Convention.
When atsKed about the matter this after
noon ex-Senator Moffitt declined to dis- 1
cuss the matter. "1 don't want to resort !
to tne time-honored subterfuge cf saying j
that I am in the hands of my friends," he j
s»id. "Whatever is being done is being !
done with my knowledge, but there is ab- !
Bolutely nothing that I can talk about."
Although Mofhtt's closest friends re
fused to discuss the matter the candidacy
of the well-knuwn Alameda County Demo- I
crat is being openly talked about in Demo
cratic circles.
Carroll Carrington, editor of the Satur
day Press, is very enthusiastic in Moflitt's
support. "We want a live man in Con- j
gre&s from this district," said Mr. Carring- |
ton to-night, "and no one doubts that
Frank Morritt is a live man. Most of his
enemies are Republicans:. Among the
Democracy of tnis county he is very j
strong and his strength is not confined to I
Alameda. He is too determined for a i
smail sphere. If he were to show as niucii ',
force of character and executive abilirv at
Washington as he nas done here we should
get something.
"I candidly believe that the greater
number of his enemies are men who are
jealous of the manner in which he came
to the front a few years ago. He is st ill a
young man, but he never yet started out j
for anything that he- did not get. He has!
met with several political defeats, but
most of them are to be attributed to his
unswerving loyalty to his friends. Frank
Moffitt never deserted a friend without the
best of reasons.
"The manner in which he has handled j
politics shows him to be a past master. A j
sample of Jioffiit's character was shown i
at the last Democratic State Convention |
in San Francisco. Motfitt was for Barney J
Murphy. He went to tae convention op- j
posed, as visual, by Fitzgerald and Dag
pett, but he bad "set his heart on being j
chairman of the Alameda delegation, anu i
he got there. Not only that, but al- ■
though he was urged to swing over to I
Budd, and could have got something in !
the way of patronage had he done so, he I
stood firm and went down with Murphy, i
"Moffitt has been a man of schemes, and i
has been accorded a great deal of prom- j
inence, but mostly by his enemies. No |
one ever doubted his Democracy though, I
and there is no fear that he will ever be
read out by the party."
It was recalled to-day that ex-Senator
Moffitt is a pronounced silTer man and
that he was chairman of the Alameda
County delegation to the convention held !
last fall at Metropolitan Temple. He is
known to have many friends among the
Populists, and there is more than a possi
bility that should he receive tne Demo
cratic nomination he would not be objec- ■,
tionable to a large number of Populists.
If Frank Moffitt goes actively into the i
fight it will be more for the purpose of j
making an out-and-out campaign against
L'aggett s influence. Although it is recog
nized that a Democrat has no prospect of j
success in this Republican stronghold,
Frank Moffitt would probably die harder j
than any man in the party.
A UNIQUE GAVEL.
Made From the Kearsarge for the Army
and Navy Republican
League.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— The Oak
land Camp, Army and Navy Republican
Iveajrue, have established headquarters at
859 Clay street, in the Victoria block, be
tween Seventh and Eighth. They opened
the campaign by a house-warruing last
evening. The hall was crowded by en
thusiastic veterans afld their friends.
Speeches were made by Colonel Babcock
and Captain Fields, of Alameda Camp,
and by Judge Fred Adams and others of
the Oakland Camp.
Patriotic songs were sung by the old
boys, led by W. R. Thomas. It was de
cided to hold a grand ratification meeting
indorsing the nominee for President of
the United States at the St. Lonia conven
tion.
Comrade George Knowlton presented
the club with a beautiful gavel, the em
blem of authority, which he made from
timber taken from the old Kearsarge,
which sunk the rtbel cruiser Alabama.
The presentation Bpeech was made by
Judge Adams and a vote of thanks ex
tended to the donor.
Just before the adjournment an invita
tion was extended to the club through
W. R. Thomas from Appomattox Relief
Corps to attend a banquet and entertain
ment at their headquarters at Syndicate
Hall. The invitation was accepted,
and after pinging "Marching Tiirough
Georgia" the club formed in line and
marched jn a b dy to Syndicate Hall,
where they greatly enjoyed the entertain
ment and banquet, participating in the
celebration of the twelfth anniversary of
Appomattox Reiief Corps No. 5, W. R. C.
Hereafter the Army and Navy Repub
lican .League wiil hold regular meetings at
their headquarters, 85'J Clay street, on
Thursday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MET A WHALE.
Exciting Experiences of an Oakland
.Schooner's Crew in Japan.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— Reports
received from Captain Fred Nielson of the
sealing schooner Rattler, now in Japanese
vraters, by Captain Roscoe Wt;ee4er of
Fruitvale tell of an exciting time and nar
row escape from death a number of his
crew had during an encounter with a
"killer" whale In those seas a short time
ago.
John Mohlmann and a couple of other
sailors were in a boat when it was attacked
by the whale. It smashed five of the pad
dles and threw all of the occupants out,
and but for ihe presence of a couple of air
tank* which kept the boat from sinking,
all would have been drowned. For five
and a half hours the men clung to their
wrecked boat before another boat from
their schooner came to their rescue.
The Rattler lost a boat's crew last sea
son in a very mysterious manner, and it
was supposed at the time that they must
have been attacked by oue of the danger
ous "killer" whales. A brother of Captain
Nielson was lost at that time. This sea
j son the captain had air tanks placed in
his boats, and this proved the salvation of
his men. The Rattler left her winter
quarters in Oakland Creek February 2
and has secured 611 skins, which i 3 con
sidered a good oaten.
SAVED TWO LIVES.
C. LAigUton Hooper Kescues a Drown
ing Boy and a Man Froni the
Kstuary.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— C.Leighton
Hooper, the son of Captain Hooper of the
United Statea revenue service, 6aved the
life of a drowning boy in the estuary yes
terday afternoon, and a couple of hours
later rescued a man who had fallen over
•board and was about to go to the bottom.
Mr. Hooper was out sailing on the es
tuary during the afternoon. It being a
very warm day there were a large number
of boys in swicaming One lad went in
beyond his depth and out of the reach of
his companions, and, being unable to
swim, \va3 being rapid ly carried out to the
bay, when Mr. Hooper went to the rescue
and brought the frightened boy to the
shore.
Later the cries for help of a man at
tractel Mr. Hooper to the schooner Bp
pinger at the Webster-street wharf. Here
he found .i man struggling in the water
who had fallen overboard from the vessel.
The man could not swim, and would un
doubtedly have been drowned if Mr.
Hooper hud not Deen prompt in rendering
assistance.
THE JAIL UNSAFE.
Prisoners Are Not Allowed Any tier
ci§e for Fear They Will Escape.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— The many
prisoiiers courined at the county jail are
not allowed to exercise in the yard in
closed by the high stone wall owing to the
ease with, which many have scaled the
walls in an exn rimental way. Chief
Jailer Lane was the first to mak* the ex
periment, after Dougherty, the chicken
| thief, escaped that way. Since then, other
experiments have been made which prove
that it would only take a young man a
min me to escape. There are, perhaps, a
I dozen places which a prisoner who had
been allowed to go into the yard to exer
cise could use with ease to ascend to the
roof of the jail, ami once there, it would
be simply a question of descendine to the
i ground in as easy a manner as possible.
At Blair Park.
OAKLAND, C.u>., June 13. — Miss
! Frankie Denman will make a balloon
ascent Sunday afternoon at Biair Park.
The comedians Gilbert and Goldfe will
i also be present, and the Fifth Infantry
Band will supply the music.
WAR BREAKS OUT AGAIN
Contractors Schmidt and Stutt
.Resume Their Fight Over
a Street.
Stutt Demcraliz s the Enemy's Work
men by Heavy and Frequent
Blasting.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 13.— The con
tractors'war in the Lori n tract at North
! Berkeley has again become a lively con
i test, and W. J. Schmidt's triumph in hav
| ing ; he road upon wblcb his men are
! working closed by the Street departmeut
1 has proved to be stiort-lived.
By closing the street Schmidt hoped to
| completely squelch the opposition con
' tractors, Stutt Bros., with wboni he has
I had such a lively experience in a contro
j versy as to which firm had a rigtit to use
| Cedar street. Schmidt is eniraged in grad
| ing the street for the town, and Stutt Bros.
ar» grading private property.
To-day Stutt brothers began blasting,
and they soon demoralized the Schmidt
) forces. Stutt's blasts were not small ones,
1 and the effects were not confined to a very
| small area, so that every explosion sent a
! shower of missiles into the enemy's
! camp.
During the whole day Stutt blasted
| hard and often, with the result that
i Schmidt's laborers were obliged to spend
! much of the time dodging rocks and
\ earth.
The two contractors are each determined
jto stay in tne fight to the end. Consider
| able expanse ban been caused to t>oth sides
■ by reason of delays in Jabor, and if Stutt
I continues his energetic blasting next
i week it may succeed in adding a good
j deal to Mr. Schmidt's expenses in grading
i Cedar street, as the latter has a large' and
costly force at work on the scene.
Children on the Beach.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 13.— T0-day
was a great clay for Berkeley's youthful
lovers of sea bathincr.
The new bath houses on the beach at
West Berkeley opened and the company
that built them ran free wagons from the
end of the car line to the baths.
The Claremont Ferries and University
Railway Company established a round
trip rate of nve cents for children between
East and West Berkeiey and hundreds of
and pirls from the East end took ad
vantage of the low rate and of the free
wagon rides and visited the new bath
houses.
The new sea-bathing resort is situated
north of Rose street, where the beach is
sandy and level and the youngsters had a
joyful time in the water.
Archdeacon Webber Coining.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 13.— The Rev.
•tteorge E. Swan, rector of St. Mark's
Church, is arranging dates for a series of
missions to be conducted in California by
Archdeacon Webber of the diocese of
Milwaukee, who visited Berkeley and
other coast towns some months ago.
The Rev. Mr. Swan is acting as "agent"
for the archdeacon's tour and has asked
that parishes in the dioceses of California
and Los Angeles notifiy him if they desire
to receive a visit from the noted Milwaukee
divine.
Archdeacon Webber attracted large audi
ences when in Berkeley and there is a very
general desire to hear him again.
Flori«ts Will Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 13.— As a re
sult of ihe flower shows that have been
held in Berkeley in recent years a perma
nent iloricultural association will be or
ganized in the near future.
The association will have for its objects
the encouragement of flower culture in
Berkeley and the systematic study of flori
culture. Among those who have already
signified tjieir intention of joining the
proposed association are President Kel
logg of the university, Dr. Setchell, head
of the department of botany, Professor-
Wickson, Professor Hilgard and many
others.
Firemen's Entertainment
BERKELEY, Cal., June 17.— A success
ful entertainment was given last night by
the Peralta Fire Company of South Berke
ley in the engine-house at Peralta. The
main features of the programme, which
was followed by a dance and supper, were
a stereopticon exhibition by Messrs. Lope
& Miller and athletic feats by visitors
from the Acme and San Francisco athletic
clubs.
Heacons to Be Installed.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 13.— The dea
cons of the new South Berkeley Presbyte
rian Church will be formally installed at
the regular services to-morrow morning in
Ash by Hall. The deacons chosen are:
Messrs. Forgie, Dillon, Randall, Boehrer
and Wright.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
REVENGE METED
OUT IN MILES
A Lady's Attempt to Get
Even With a Flag
man.
COUNCIL ASKED TO AID.
Wants His Hut Moved Away
From the Center of the
Street.
TALE OF MIDNIGHT ASSAULT.
The Old Man Believes That Mrs.
Herbst Is Anxious to End
ills Days.
Oakland Office San Fbaxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 13. |
P. C. Halsey, a railroad flagman, is at
Fabiola Hospital and Mrs. Herbst is at
Seventh and Oak figuring out bow many
extra miles Mr. Halsey wiil have to walk
.Mrs. Mary Herbst and the Cabin That
She Has Petitioned the council to
Have Kemoved. If Her Request fie
Granted the Flagman WJH Have to
Walk Many Extra .Miles in the
Course of a Year, and Mrs. Herbst
Will Be Kevenged for Her Impris
onment for an Alleged Assault With
a Dagger-
each year if she gains her|revenge. There
is a long distance between these two io
calities and facts and the story that unites
them is one of blood, revenge and diplo
macy with a glimpse of prison bars on the
side.
This afternoon a delegation of Council
men went to the little hut where the flag
man passes his time to see if the shanty is
on the public street or on private property.
The visit was the result of Mrs. Herbst' s
neat little plnn of revenge.
It now becomes necessary to go back a
few weeks and recount briefly a few facts
of a feud which has been ragine for
months and which may yet end in mur
der, as it nearly did a short time ago.
"One dark night," said Haisey as he
nnrsed a sore bead at Fabnola, "Mrs.
Herbst came to my hut and cheerfully
told me she had come to make a friendly
call. I asked] her to sit down and she
flew at me like a tigress. I was badly hurt
and I am positive that her intention was
to murder me. She had a dagger and
attempted to stick it into my eyes, i
struggled with her and tried to attract
help, but she told me she had chosen the
late hour for calling on me so that people
would never dream it was she when I
should be found dead. There is a good
reason for her conduct. For a long time
the railroad's ties have been disappearing
from the back of my cabin and she believed
that she was suspected, because she has
said so. 1 had her arrested for assault
with a deadly weapon, but as that charce
could not be made to stick in the absence
of corroborative testimony I have charged
her with battery and the case is now
pending."
Halsey is one of the oldest railroad
men in Oakland and has been in the em
ploy of the company since the road was
opened.
After her] release on bail Mrs. Herbst
petitioned the City Council to have
Haley's hut removed, as she claims it is
an obstruction. If it is moved to the side
of the road Halsy will have to walk several
yards each time he flags a train, and as he
flairs one every nfteen minutes Mrs.
Herbst has figured out that he will travel
several hundred miles each year more
than he has been doing.
"There are two sides to this story," said
Mrs. Herb3t. "For several months I
have been insulted by the flagmen. They
have called me all manner of offensive
names and have made life miserable for
me. lam quite satisfied if decent flagmen
are there, but if not I shall be heard
from. 11
"Was Halsey's story about your visiting
him and trying to murder him true?" she
was asked.
"Halsey insulted me," she replied, "and
I will not mention him."
Halsey is an old man, and weighs over
300 pounds. He is a very popular ku
ploye, and says he does not consider his
life safe while the woman is at iarsre.
Mrs. Herbst was formerly the wife of a
wealthy contractor, but she was divorced
a few years ago. She is still a handsome
woman. In the neighborhood of ttie cabin
more sympathy is expressed for the old
man than for the lady.
The City Council will probably act on
Mrs. Herbst's petition next Monday
night.
FAREWELL SERVICE
Preparations for the Removal of the
First Hebrew Synagogue.
OAKLAND, Cat,., June 13. —Tie First
Hebrew congregation of this city will bid
farewell to their old place of worship to
morrow evening. During the next week
workmen wi!l raise the synagogue and get
it into shape to be taken to the new site at
Twelfth and Castro streets.
There will be farewell exercises by the
children of the Sunday-3chool, an address
by D. Magnes, chairman of the school com
mittee, sermon by Rev. Mr. Friedlander,
and President Abraharuson of the associa
j tion will give some reminiscences of the
old place and facts in regard to the site
and building known by few of the present
congregation.
Contra Conta Road.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— The Mer
' chantti' Exchange will petition the Super
visors to accept deeds to a risht of way
through the lands of J. H. Medau and \Y.
J. Dingee which have Deer, offered for a
road over the hills into Contra Costa
County. That organization ias been
working on the proposition for some time
and believe that this opens the way for
the construction for an intercounty road
which will overcome the heavy grade on
this side.
Enlarged Quarter*.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— The Oak
land Free Clinic has moved its quarters
from Tenth and Franklin streets to 916
Clay street, where they will have sufficient
room to receive and treat all who apply.
The wards are large, airy and clean and
no charge is made to the poor for treat
ment, medicine or needed operations. A
number of the best physicians and sur
geons of the city have donated their ser
vices. .
Knowl«9* Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— The funeral
of tne late Captain J. N. Knowles was
held this afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family residence, 1802 Jackson etreet.
Rev. J. K. McLean, D D., officiated at the
service, which was attended by a large
number of the deceased's friends and busi
ness associates. The pallbearers were:
Messrs. A. J. Ralston, Robert Watt, ti. ¥.
Dunham, John Merrill, Charles Goodall,
Joshua Freeman, J. W. Duttoa and E. B.
Pond.
A DOG THAT CAN THINK
Showed His Hatred for the
Man Who Skinned His
Mate.
San Leandro's Favorite Canine Dies
and a Small Sensation
Follows.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal.. June 13.— An in
cident that oocurred last ni^ht displays
such unusual instinct on the part of a ileg
that it is the talk of the town.
A few days aao a dog named Polo died.
Polo was the town dog and everybody re
spected him except those wno liad cause
to fear him. Polo had an inseparable com
panion in a dog named Sam. When Polo
died Sam kept track of his dead body. He
watched two men take the carcass away
and remove the skin prepatatury to pre
serving it. Sam did not like the opera
tion at all, but he waited a day or two be
fore making known his dislike.
Sam is the property of Sam Madsen,
and is a valuable animal. Last aipht he
was at his master's saloon and suddenly he
became aggravated and snappish. Seeing
that something had arouse! the animal's
temper, which is a violent one, Madsen
took hold of Sam and was about to lead
him away. Just as he did so the animal
leaped at a man at the counter, and his
master had great difficulty in holding
him. The man at the counter was one of
those who had helped to skin Polo, and
although a week had passed, Sam had not
forgotten it. The dog had been following
the two men and acting strangely for
some days, but as Polo did not return, he
evidently thought that the men who
skinned him are responsible for his ab
sence and determined on revenge.
rurdoned by Grover.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— Daniel C.
Burke was set free to-day by Sheriff
White on receipt of a pardon from Presi
dent Cleveland. Burke was serving a sen
tence of eighteen months, given by Judge
Morrow of the United States court, for
sweating coin. H<a has been a tufferer
from a rupture, and is under the physi
cian's care. He has been in jail since
June 28, Ic9. r >.
. • — ■+ — »—,» — ,
Accredited Schools
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— The iacuJty
committee of the University of Cal fornia
has again placed the Alameda High School
and Anderson's University Academy on
the list of accredited schools for 1896-97.
MISS SHAW OFF
TO SACRAMENTO.
She Deals Out Hope to
Women and Attic Salt
to Men.
SUFFRAGE MAY BE WON.
She Says California Promises
Well, but That Its Men
Prevaricate.
WHY WE ARE INTELLIGENT.
A Theory Whereby the Wives of the
Sat 3 Were Largely Drawn From
Eastern Schools.
Oaklaxd Office San Fp.axcisco Call.)
808 Broadway, June 13. )'
The Eastern apostles of woman suff raa;e
will be at Sacramento Monday re-enforced
with a good-sized delegation of their co
workers from about the bay. Rev. Anna
Shaw said to-night that the party would
number about a dozen and would include
"Aunt Susan" 13. Anthony, who will ar
rive from Portland Monday morning, Mrs.
A. A. Sargent, president of the State
Woman's Suffrage Association, Mrs.
Koox-Goodrich of San Jose, Mrs. John
Swift of Oakland, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper,
who arrived from the East to-day, Mrs.
Harriet Cooper of San Francisco, Miss
Mary Hay, Mrs. Ida A. Harper, Mrs. O. F.
Bmith of San Jose and Laura de Force
Gordon.
In speaking of the suffragist campaign
which the .blast-era contingent are about
closing in tbu State, Miss Shaw said:
"We have held forty-live conventions in
the State, extending from San Jose to
Shasta of four sessions each, besides
numerous single meetings, and I have
preached every Sunday and we are about
tired out.
"I have never seen a campaign where
there was so much enthusiasm shown.
There have been oniy a few towns where
the halls were large enough to hold the
audiences. The newspapers have besn
uniformly kind to us, with two or three
exceptions, and these were conducted by
women. They have said and done some
very mean things to injure our cause.
There was one place where the most out
rageous things were said in a woman's
paper, but she tried to smooth it over
when the citizens condemned it by saying
the men in the office had inserted words
in her article to make it read as it did.
"The people of the State have j?enerally
been very kind and many gentlemen have
introduced us to the audience who did not
indorse our principles in any manner. I
have also found them very hospitable
everywhere.
"Aa lor the result of our work I have
the greatest hope that everything is
going to turn out properly, but I have
been told that the (Jaiiiornia men were
the greatest liars on the face of the earth
bo I hardly know what to expect. From
Sacramento Miss Mills, Miss Yates and
myself will go to Erueka for a week, and
returning to San Francisco the 25th we
will all unite on a grand platform plank
ratification rally at the Metropolitan
Temple on the evening of June 2t>. Tni3
will ciose the work uniil September, when
a new campaign will be inaugurated, cov
ering the entire State."
The closing session of the local conven
tion was largely attended and much in
terest was manifested m tiie addresses.
Rev. Anna Shaw answered questions pro
pounded and created much amusement by
her striking answers to questions put to
her for the purpose of testing her ability.
Afterward she gave an address setting
forth the claims of women for ihe ftalloi.
In the course of her remarks she said :
"Never in the history of this country
has there been a class ot citizens to whom
suffrage was extended that at the time it
was extended was as well prepared to re
ceive it as are the women of California.
They are the most intelligent of women in
the United States. I have been in the
finest of many families since coming to
the State and have iound a very few wives
and mothers who had not been teachers at
some period in tneir lives. I have never
been in a State where I met so many who
have been teachers at one time.
''The reason of fchia is the fact that men
came to the State and upset everything by
delving in the ground for gold. But as
soon as they made a little money they sent
East for their wives and as soon as a man
has a family then he wants a school. With
schools came the demand for school
teachers and they were imported from the
East. As soon as they arrived the single
men married them and this has been kept
up until the East is getting drained of
teachers and the men of California are
mostly married and rearing families.
"By the educational clause in your elec
tion laws you have eliminated all ignorant
women from those who will receive
suffrage and by granting woman- the bal
lot bring into politics only the very best
trained governing force the world ever saw.
"Never in the history of the world has
there been a more loyal and patriotic body
miss DOROTHY USNER.
given the franchise than when the women
of California are given it."
Third District Primaries.
OAKLAND. Cal, June 13. — The
"straignt" Congressional Committee held
a long meeting and decided to issue a call
for a primary to be held August 15 for a
convention to b8 held a week later at
Vallejo. This means that unless the Re
publican State Central Committee takes it
upon itself to adjust the present conflict,
there will be two primaries and possibly
two conventions and two nominees for
Congress from the Third District.
At the Slacdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 13.— Alexander
Black's unique and beautiful Dicture play,
"Miss Jerry," will be presented at the
Macdonough next Monday and Tuesday
evenings.
Nat Goodwin r>!ays here June 22 and 23,
opening with his latest success, "In Miz
zoura." "A Gilded Fooi" will be pre
sented the second night. Sale of seats be
gins next Thursday.
HISTORY OF A DAY
AJa»iei!a County Happening! Told in
Brief Chapters?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
908 Broadway, June 13. j
Both the Journal and Review of Haywards
have declared for the renomination of Con
gressman Hilborn.
M. C. Baker was found not guilty this morn
ing of battery upon his wife. The child, Es
telie, testified in favor of her father.
Henry Malley, residing at 731 filbert street,
fell off a mast into some sand nt the Alameda
shipyards this morning end broke his wrißt.
Annie Coleman, a former employe of the
Cft.scade laundry, nas sued the proprietor for
$10,000 damages for injuries sustained while
waxing a piece of machinery known as a
"body-iroaer."
Owing to the retirement of Jacob Greenhood
from the vice-presidency and directory of tne
California Bank, the places which he occupied
have been tilled by John W. Phillips and B.
Smith, respectively.
Mrs. Mary Hawkins and Mrs. Mary Kopan
have reported to the police that trtey believe
they have been victimized by a gang of Chi
cago sharpers who advertise" unuer tlie name
of the Empress Wheel Company.
DeWitt Van Court protests againstexpulsion
from the Acme C;ub without tnal. He says
that although he offered to get seventy-five
members for the Reliance he did not say they
would come from ihe Acme Club.
Street Superintendent Miner is arranging
his estimate for the coming year, and in it will
incorporate certain improvemeuts for the city,
principally the placing of East Twelfth street
in condition from Lake Merritt to Thirteenth
avenue, an<l East Fourteenth street from Thir
teenth avenue to the city line.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Kussel W. Osborn to Annie 1.. Osborn, lot on N
line of Clay street, 137:6 E of Walnut, E 30:10 by
N ia7:BV*; gilt.
Robert H. wheeler to Eunice M. Wheeler, lot on
W line of Rondel place, 2 48 S of Sixteenth street, 8
32:4, W 46:6, N aO:4, V 17:6, N 12. E 64: elft.
tdwin, Maud E. and Walter 11. Lord to Mattle
E. Lord, lot on NE line of Tenth street, 210 SE of
Harrison, SE 50 by NE 100; gift.
Jacob and L:na Heyman to Charles M. Dt-ane,
lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 225 W of
Douglass, W 25 by H 114: 810.
Charles R. Bishop to n-dgar Bishop, lot on N line
of Washington street, 236:2Vs E of Kearny, 2f
137:6. X 25:2 V*. BM 22:6, fiVV 14. S 112. W
25:113/ 8 ; also iot on E line of Maiden lane. 137:6
of J*cicsun street, N 80.25, SE 30.37. \V 25.19;
310.
Same to same, lot on N line of Washington
street, 234:8% E of Kearny, N 137:6, B 25:214,
SK 22:6. S\V 11, S 112, W to beginning, quitclaim
deed ; $10.
William L. Shie'.s to Shiels Estate Company,
undivided one-seventh of all following: Lot. on iNE
corner of Stockton and U'Farr-11 streets, X 137:6
by X 137:6: also lot on N line of Bush street.
137:6 W of Montgomery, W 68:9 by N 137:6;
also lot on N line of Bush street, 187:6 W of Mont
gomery, W6B by B 137 : abo lot on IS W line
of Minna street, 375 8W of Third, SW 20 by NW
70; also lot on X W lint- of Minna street 455 s\V of
Third, B\V 'Jo by NW 70; also lot on W corner of
Ninth and Brannan streets. NW 200, B\V 100. SE
40. .SW 83, SE 160, .NE 185: leasehold of lot on
HE line of Mission street, 275 SW of Third, 8W
275 by SE 100; also property in Sonoma and Kern
counties and personal property: $1.
R. E. and Jane M. .Neil to Walter S. Hobart, lots
3, 4. 10, 41 to 50, block 5, Lake view; $10.
Margaret D. Rankln to L. E. rtankin, lot 16,
block li, Flint Tract Homestea I: $10.
Benjamin M. Gunn (administrator of trie estate
of Robert W. Gunn) to Peter Fox. lot oil NE line
of Sixteenth avenue south, 125 NW of Q street
south, NW 25 by ME 100, O'Nell & Haley Tract;
$100.
Henry A. M. DeChesne to Marie F. »nd H. A: M.
DeChesne Jr., lot on E line of Florence avenue,
225 N Of Central, N 26 by E 100: gift.
Hal valor Taranto to Julia H. Berdan, lot com
mencing 225 NW of X street and Fourteenth ave
nue south, SW 100 by SE 26, portion of lot 3,
block 288, South san Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Asssctation; SlO.
* . - ~ / :~ % '- - ' ... i
Builders' Contracts.
Claus Ppreckels with I'atterson <fc Elsele, rnar
hl<'. gill and bionze worit in residence, iSW. corner
Van >"ess avenue aud Clay street, Keid Bros,
architects; f 75,026.
Claus hpreek*ls with I'acifle Kolllnz-mlll Com
pany, steel aud iron work <ur a 3-story brick bui!d
iug on S Hue' of Market street,- between Third aim
Fourth, Keid Bio., architects: $1661.
A BRIGHT YOUNG ACTRESS.
Miss Dorothy tsner Now With the
>"at V. Goodwin Company.
One of the youngest ingenues on the
American stage, both in years and in ex
perience, is now with the Nat C. Goodwin
Company, piaying at the Baldwin The
ater. Miss Usner has lived in such a
variety of cities that it would be difficult
to term any particular one her home, she
being equally well known in St. Louis,
Chicago, Newport and all through the
South, in particular Atlanta, Ga., where
she was a pronounced favorite in society.
Miss Usner has been on the stage less than
two years, m which time she has rdayed
several exacting parts to the satisfaction
of both press and public.
Having enjoyed for several years a lib
eral amount of social prestige, she is well
fitted for roles in the modern drama de
manding culture, eaje and refinement.
Her ambition was not to shine socially,
but to devote herself to a professional
career, and in the judgment of critics she
has made no mistake.
Personally Miss Usner is bright, viva
cious and full of individuality. She has
expressive brown eyes ond clearcut feat
tnres. In the matter of dress she displays
excellent taste. She will tour Australia
with Mr. Goodwin. While in San Fran
cisco M iss Usner has made a host of friends,
who will watch her career with interest.
If ambition, energy and perseverance will
achieve sticcess on the stage, she should
win.
Auction Sales
AUCTMJALE!
On Account of Immediate Departure
WILD SELL MONDAY, JUNK 15,
A 'finely. Furnished 15-Room House,
425 O'Karrell street. See Monday's papers.
Note.— This elegant house will be offered as a
whole on easy terms. If no satisfactory bid is
offered, then will sell in lots to suit nurchasers.
i "i ■''■•■ ■ ' L. H. bukD Auctioneer.
FROM CORRAL HOLLOW
A Line Surveyed From Laundry
Farm to Park Street,
Alameda.
A Graduating at Harmony Hall—Ac
credited Schools to the Univer
sity—Republican Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— The En
cinal states tonight that it has it upon
the authority of a railroad man that 13.
Fisher, superintendent of the A. O. and P.
Electric Railway some time ago made a
survey of a line of road from Livermore to
a point at Laundry farm. The Corral
Hollow line has just been completed from
Stockton to Livermore, and the extension
of the road from there to Alameda is to be
pushed forward vigorously. Connection
is to be made to a point on the Laundry
Farm road, and from there the California
Railway will transport to Park street.
Fraternal News.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— Sunset En
campment No. 25, I. 0. O. F., has elected
the following officers: E. A. Randlett,
C. R.; J. H. Young. S. W.; W. J. Hines,
S. W. ; W. S. Cryden, scribe; George Fox,
H. Priest; H. P. Wiebman, treasurer;
trustees— J. Larkin, J. F. Sath and George
Wittman.
Fair Oaks Rebekah Lodge, I. 0. O. F.,
will have as its officers: Mrs. \V. R. Bigler,
N. G. ; Mrs. J. H. Young, vice; Mrs. Fire
hammer, recording secretary; Mrs. J.
Shannon, financial^ secretary; Mrs. Fred
Mandler, treasurer; Mrs. C. L. Metzger,
trustee.
Derby Lodge Mo. 285, Sons of St. George,
installed its officers last night. They are:
J. M. Parker, president;* George Giblin,
vice-president; W. Waterhouse, secretary;
John Larkin, treasurer; George \V.
Wheeler, messenger; George Fox, chap
lain; T. P. Tisdale, physician.
A Graduating Party.
, ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— Graduating
exercises are not allowed at the High
School by order of the Board of Educa
tion, so the graduates combine and cele
brate the occasion of tbeir Laving reached
their juvenile ultimate.
Last eight a graduating party of '96 was
held in Harmony Hall under the manage
ment of A. J. Remmel and the Misses
Mignon Mecartney, Elsie Gunn, Agnes
Wolf, Myrtle Meca"rtney and Alice Hous
ton. Over 200 young people were there.
BepuMican Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— The ad
visory committee of the Alameda Repub
lican Club held a meeting at Tucker Hall
this evening to consider a communication
received from the Veteran Republican
Club asking the Alarneda club to join
in tne ratification celebration next week.
It was unanimously decided to co-operate
with the Veteran Club in making the af
fair worthy of theiMparty.
jSevrs Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 13.— The Peo
ple's Party Club met this evening and
discussed, "How Would More Money Ben
efit tue Taxpayer and the Laborer?"
The brother of Patrick Cahill, whose
body was found on the shore by the En
cinal Yacht Club on May 20, has applied
lor letters of administration on his estate.
•—• — « — •
Most of the ivory that comes to markej
is "dead" — that is, ivory taken from
animals long since dead, and which has
been stored away by the natives for many
years. Tftere is no danger in Africa of the
supply being exhausted for several gener
ations at least.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C G Hartwell.Downievle A A Gibson. Cai
J Palmer, San Gregorlo J .Armstrong. Denver
G Caidwell, Denver C W Johnson. Oakland
A 3 .Santos, san Leandro M J Caetanc, Fresno
J W Ferguson, Oakland C J (Godfrey, Oakland
A Hacked, Alarm-flu C II Hewitt, Victoria
J Mooney, Watcoui E X Barry & wf, Boston
A B Flint, Sholls S Gale <fc wf, Portland
8 Buckner, Winnemucca Mrs J T Jones, Ben iota
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A 3 Fowler & wf, Shasta W V Bartlett. St Hele na
B Jacobs, Chicago O Sawrostz, New York .
R E Shine, Oregon L H Hazard, Oregon
J Keernan, Portland H T Bell, Chicago .
T G Smolnghs, Georgia B G Moses, Georgia
JS Goetz, Sew York C Baer. Louisiana - ■
J Gnmperitz, New York M Friedlander, Chicago
F L Keernan. l'ortland Jl' Kavannuch. Portland
M McKlnn, Portland W M Reward, Portland
AD Anthony, Portland R. Bungamine, Vallejo
C Duncan »fc wf, Val.ejo J C Fly, Napa
J A Martin <fe wf, Cal X Graves, San L Oblspo
D J Oliver, New York X Hamlln, New Yorit
G W Davis, New York
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
R Doberty, Han ford L Norton & w, Red Bluff
B Jerome', Sacramento T O'Connor, Sacramento
A J Lowther, SvocKton P Mango, Riverside
J York, i os Angeles C Blnir & w, San Jose
S Buckner, Visalia C G Bacon, Sonora
I W Simpson, Stockton* Miss A Doyle, San Jose
M Doyle," San Jose M F Johnson, Mont
T M Smlthurst, Chicago J D MorrelL Ariz
D F I'tter.s, Los Angeles J McCloskey, Mich
R 8 fuller <fc \v, Mien D Roberts, *an Jose
W J Houston, San Jose G Beale, »onora
8 Wade. Arizona Mrs Body it fan), S P.osa
Capt Lucas <fc fam, Cal D M Stewart. Astoria
J B Bridges, Portland J G Wyatt. Victoria ■:•■
D Williams, Portland Mrs Boettcher & son, Or
Miss M Thomas. Portland
PALACE HOTEL,
H G Bond, Seattle - R A Baer, Frankfort
S S McCormick.st Louis Mrs McCormicK, .st Louis
Miss M<-Cormick,sLi>uisJ X Legxett, St Louis
Mrs Legsrett, St Louis Mrs t: Kilpalrick.StLouls
Miss Kllpatnc, 8t Louis Mr» C B Fernald, Berkeley.
R R Searles, Berkeley B U Steinman, Sacto .
W C Fordyce, St Louis - J A Corbett, St Louis
F W Smith, Spokane | CII Gillette & wf.Chtcago
W L Weatherrea. Ptlnd W G Blatt, Detroit, Mich
H D Hibbard, N Jersey W E Bartholomew, N J
E H Lammie, Los Ana; J B H Gnest, Chicago
C A Leavens&wf, I'usda G G Klmball, Cal
H C Holder, England T Holder Jr, England
J X Armsbr, Chicago J Haley, Alabama
X W Clayton. San Jose P T Mohum, U» N .
A Hay ward. San Mateo E T Earl <fc wife, Sacto
W W Woodhull. US N B F Block, New York ■
C I Richards & wf, N V X Da vies, England
E \V aionkheua,London W,S Simpson. London
GRAND hotel.
C H Glenn, Willows G T Klnney, Los AngelM
X B Miller, Chicago W C Kuth, sacto •
H M Smith, Washington J Rugger, San Andreas
i J R Gleason, Chicago P Baer, Los Angeles
W W Patterson, Madera W L Davis, Hollister
VV H Seymour. Cal J H Campbell, San Jose
Capt Baker, Hongkong F Cox, Cal '
M Flinn, Cal W W Mlddlecoff, Visalla
J A Cad v, Salem FA Cady, Salem
8 R Unwell, Chicago " A X Hill. Chicago
W J Curtis, San Bardino W F Wilson, City of Mcx
C R Heath <t w, Vallfeju F R Ainsworth, Los An*
E a Bryant, Los Ang M H Hyland &w. H Jose
Miss O'Neill, Sacramento L P. Farmer, Suiter
L J Farmer, "-utter ; L Ansel, N V
G J King, N V A M Johns, Santa Cruz
Mrs C E Lilly. Snta Cruz J G lia lagan, Fresno
Dr. Boone. Red Bluff A E Kent, San Kafael
Dr Gibson, San Rafael A M McCallougb, L Ang
Mrs T E Krauss, Portld R Kennedy. Hilo
Alias A Krau*s, Portld Mrs J B Troutman, Ills
J H Curtis. Los Angeles Mrs J R Cooper, St Louuj
L Kugel. Los Angeles AS Williams, San Jose
8 H Wood. Montana A O Kelley, Fresno
John Waring, Ovid, N V V J Mouse, Portland .
J F Coonan. Eureka J E Brownlee, Vallejo
S J Allan), Eureka Dr G H Chance, Portland
F E Adbody. Kent Mrs C P Gerichton, San
Miss A Gerichton, San D ego
Diego . W 1' lnglisb, Vacaville
JSSauudera, Sebastopl R McGarvey, Ukiah
J Buckingham, Ukiah Mrs W McKnigbt, San
W W Douglass, Sacto Diego. .- ; -
S S Holl, H&cto H R McNoble, Stockton
' PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR A CONCRETE BULK-
JL head and bituminous yard work — Sealed propo-
sals i will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new Ciiy Hall, ' San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1396. at 8:30 o'clock F. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and lor bi-
i tuminous yard work at tbe North Cosmopolitan
Gram mer School In 'accordance with plans and
specification << (and tbecon .itions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles 1. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. ' The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. ■■:-« EOKGE ALSTON, (Secretary. v
1516
IS IT A GHOST,
GOBLIN OR MAN?
A Silent Figure Now Stalks
About the Old First
Church.
WEARS A GREAT CLOAK.
The Strange Sight First Ob
served by a Watchman Two
Months Ago.
DISAPPEARED IN A THIN MIST
Lights Said to Flash in Different
Parts of the Church at the
Midnight Hour.
Do ehosts and hobgoblins haunt the
twice-scandalized precincts of First Con
gregational Church? There are scores of
people living in the neighborhood of
The Mysterious figure as Seen by the Watchman for the First Time Two
Months Ago.
Brown's former strongnold. who are \
willing to affirm that the sacred edifice
has become the permanent abiding place
of all manner of uncanny creations.
They go further than this, and in
whispers, tell of mysterious lights seen
around the church study, lecture-room and
in the front part -of the building. These
lights are said to flit from one • place to
another with almost inconceivable quick
ness, disappearing entirely from sight,
only to flash again the next moment at the
same spot or in some more remote quarter
of the edifice.
The lights, however, if they reaily exist,
are the least of the mysteries attending
Brown's old church. A man slightly
stooped is said to walk up and down the
alley which separates the church from the
St. Lawrence stables. The figure may be
seen almost any dark night. The head is
bowed low on the breast as though in a
deep study.
Employes of the livery stable view with
distrust the approach of midnight. Two
watchmen have already resigned their po
sitions, claiming that they were not mo
rally strong enough to withstand the cold
chills which chased up and down their
spinal columns when they inspected that
portion of the stable adjacent to the
alley.
The figure which has caused so much
uneasiness in the livery stable, and among
the people who live close by, is said to re
semble "closely that of Sexton Stevenson,
who died Christmas. 1894. Stevenson had
worked very hard all day assisting in the
decorations, and doing such other woik as
the occasion demanded. Late in the after
noon he was suddenly stricken with apo
plexy, dyiu^ that night.
Stevenson was not a happy man as sex
ton of the First Congregational Church.
For some reason Brown conceived a vio
lent dislike to him. On several occasions
the sexton talked to leading members of
the church about his uncomfortable posi
tion, asking them to intercede in his be
half.
In spite of all these troubles the old sex
ton took a great Interest in the church and
endeavored in every way to beautify its
surroundings. Just prior to the fatal
Cnristniaß Stevenson planted a lot of flow
ers in the alley between the church and
stable. With tender care he worked with
them ana just as they seemed in a fair
way to gladden his heart with bloom and
fragrance death came. The flowers either
drooped and died or shriveled into some
thing utterly unlike their natural state.
No one, not excepting the erim-visaged
but genial Pike, has ever succeeded in
making the survivors flourish.
The silent figure which hannts the old
church was observed for the first time
abont two months aeo. People have
watched him from a distance, but only
one man has had the moral courage to get
in touch, so to speak, with the mysteri
ous being. This was the first watchman to
give up his position. About midnight two
months ago the watchman was making
bis usual "rounds, when as he approached
t lie window leading into the church yard,
a cold wind brushed across his face. He
shuddered, glancing at the same time
toward the window to see if it were open.
The window was closed, however, but
through the glass the figure of a man with
a lone cloak thrown carelessly over his
shoulders was seen walking slowly down
the alley. The first fear partially disap
peared, for the watchman summoned up
■ ; sufficient courage to raise the window and
call loudly after the stranger. But the
man with the long cloak answered never a
word. Indignant at such treatment the
watchman reached for a good-sized stick
lying conveniently near and taking careful
aim let it fly at the stranger.
Then the strangest thing occurred. The
I stick, true to its aim, struck the stranger,
jor rather the cloak he wore. The missile
fell noiselessly to the ground, the cloak
dropped over it and the figure vanished in
a thin mist. The watchman is not sure
whether the man went up into the air,
down into the ground or disappeared
through the solid oak doors leading into
the church. Of one thing he is certain,
however, and th;it is while he saw the
I cloak and stick fall to the ground he did
! not see the direction taken by tne silent
i figure.
The next morning the cloak was found
I where it had fallen and returned to the
church. Since that time the ligure has
been seen by at least a score of people, -but
no one has had the temerity to get within
"speaking" distance.
THE CONDUCTOR WAS RIGHT.
Peter Brooks, a 'Laborer, Fined for Re-
fusing to Pay His Fare.
Peter Brooks, a laborer, appeared in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday morn
ing to answer charges of disturbing the
peace and battery.
He got on a Market-street car at Third
street Friday afternoon and handed the
conductor a check which he said he got
from the conductor of a Third-street car.
I The Market-street conductor told him that
no checks were now issued, and demanded
his fare. Brooks refused, and when the
conductor attempted to eject him he re
| sisted and struck him. Policeman John
Wallace was summoned and placed Brooks
under arrest.
Judge Campbell after bearing the testi
mony fined Brooks $20 or twenty days in
the County Jail. The Judge in sentencing
Brooks said that conductors had certain
rights, and the Market-street conductor
did quite right in attempting to eject
Brooks on refusing to pay his fare.
The presentation of the check was
merely a subterfuge to evade paying his
fare.
IN THE CORONER'S FAVOR
Judge Murphy Will Not Prevent
the Sonderup In
quest.
Dr. Kuhlman Will Now Have to
Answer Certain Questions or
Go to Jail.
The Fonderup case, was yesterday de
cided in Coroner Hawkins' favor. Judge
Murphy sustained the Coroner's demurrer
to the writ of prohibition.
Marie Sonderup petitioned for a writ
prohibiting the Coroner from proceeding
with the inquest on the body of her hus
band. The Coroner's demurrer claimed
that the writ farled to allege that the Cor
oner had acted without authority. As
public officials are presumed to act within
the law, the court held that this was a
fatal defect in the writ and sustained the
dem urrer.
This action of the court will force Dr.
Kuhlman to testify before the Coroner or
go to jail for contempt, which will throw
open the gate for a repetition of the whole
trouble.
Originally the matter started with the
death of Mrs. Sonderup's husband, who
was injured in a Kearny-street car acci
dent. Dr. Kuhlman attended him and
made out a death certificate charging his
demise to the accident. Coroner Hawkins
then heid an inquest and called Kuhlman
as a witness. Kuhlman refused to answer
certaiu questions and was committed to
the County Jail for five days for contempt.
He procured a writ of habeas corpus and
was released, it being charged that the in
quest was an illegal one from the fact that
the jury had viewed the body before being
sworn.
Coroner Hawkins then impaneled
another jury and after a lot of trouble suc
ceeded in having the body exhumed, when
proceedings were legally begun. The
autopsy physician found that Sonderup's
death did not result from injuries, but
from consumption. On the stand, at the
second inquest, Dr. Kuhlman again re
fused to answer the objectionable in
quiries and wnile Hawkins was deliberat
ing whether or not to commit the physi
cian for contempt, he was served with the
writ of prohibition by Judge Murpny.
And now. like a link in an endless chain
the beginning point of the matter has
come around again.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
" I'LL WIN," SAYS
MYSTERIOUS SMITH
The Champion Welter-
Weight Speaks Highly
of Gallagher.
JACKSON IS A WRECK.
Declares the Mighty Has Fallen
Through an Appetite
for Rum.
THINKS COBBETT MISTAKEN.
England, He Bslieves, Is Behind the
Times in Everything but
Horse-Racing.
"Yes," said "Mysterious" Billy Smith,
champion welter-weight of the world, yes
terday, "I am here to fight Gallagher on
July 2, and if nothing unforeseen happens
I guess one or the other of us will get a
chance that night to see shoithand charac
ters, Chinese hieroglyphics and the labels
on chemists' bottles freely floating in the
air."
Smith arrived yesterday afternoon
from Portland, Or., on the steamer
Columbia.
It was only about six weeks ago that
Smith came over from England, where he
was engaged in several battles under the
management of the London National
Sporting Club. In all of these he added to
his laurels.
The first was with Corporal Ham, the
champion light heavy-weight of tne Eng
lish army. Ham lasted just ten seconds.
The next was with Jack Bryant, the win
ner of nine fights in the foregoing class.
This fight lasted just thirty seconds. Then
cajne Alf Morris, who belongs to the
heavy-weight class. This was a harder
contest tban the two preceding ones, and
it tooK Smith two minutes to put his burly
opponent out. His last contest in England
was with Billy Husbands, and the cham
pion required eight rounds in which to
put him to sleep.
"Compared with Americans," said
Smitn, "the English are fifty years behind
the times. They are old-fashioned in
everything — in the way they build their
liouses, even. There is only one thing in
which they excel every other country, and
that is in horse-racing. There is no doubt
but that they have this branch of snort
down to a pretty fine point. When it
comes to racing horses they are scientific,
and no mistake about it.
"While I was in London I saw Peter
Jackson, at the National Sporting Club and
various other places. Poor old Peter. He
is about as near a physical wreck as a man
can well be. I don't believe ne will ever
enter the ring again."
"Wnat has brought this condition of af
fairs about to your notion?"
"Booze." said the pugilist sententiously.
"He is in a trance nearly all the time."
This latter is an original expression of
"Mysterious" Billy's own coinage. It
means that Jackson is so constantly under
the influence of liquor as to appear stupid.
"I fought 'Kid' McCoy in Boston M ay
18," continued Smith, "and at the expira
tion of six rounds the fight was given him
on a foul. McCoy fought at 138 pound?
and lat 144. But that wasn't where the
trouble came in" — this with an ominous
lowering of the brows and a close compres
sion of tiie lips — "there was some crooned
work by the referee. Why. I challenged
McCoy in the ring immediately after the
fight had been awarded him, lor $5<X) a
side, and do you think he would fight me?
Nit 1 He had all he wanted already.
"Then I came to Portland, wriere my
parents live, merely to pay them a visit
and get a little recreation, but Bob Harris
came down and told Johnny Mitchell I
was there, and so he telegraphed me to
come to San Francisco, saying I could
muke a match with Gallagher. I after
ward found out he had telegraphed me in
Boston.
"Do I think I can defeat Gallagher?"
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
•v '-",;■'-■.'' f"!r-'' : ■ "•.;..■..';■■ • ,^
•Ci, ' & I /jIIi! Hill H •'*■ \j/^ " _ w. c^m
* \ \JM 'A 1\ T T) o -> i(T* AIP IF" (^
4? We begin at 8 A. M. to-morrow the THIS SALE in the largest exclu- '^
V most important Suit, Jacket, Cape and sive Cloak and Suit House in San r
■»?.':- Waist Sale we have ever held. Our of- Francisco means for you high class *§►
ferings are without peer or parallel. f: } tailor-made garments at prices you $£.
Price chances that you can only ex- could not ordinarily get the poorest cj£
pect elsewhere when the Winter kinds for. We're overstocked — the 3u
v 5" goods have come. Read this Adver- season advances — Half price rules ag
4* tisement — See the goods. now. °$o
°$° ' C a |a fnnac ' i C a | a HfACCAC You cannot go on your vacation 3P;
3g Sale LapeS. oaie UreSS»eS. without a Wash Dress or two. ££
3u n ftft All our $3.50, 94.00 and $4.50 CQ eft All-Wool Serge Dresses, Reefer 1 his is VOlir vacation opportunity. oAo
000 3>J*. \J\J cloth Capes, all wool, fancy «PO.OU or Blazer style— or Navy, :i -..i vv -' 3C
SS trimmed— Black, Tan or Blue. ' wide skirts, rustled lined— with >.r *ti"^
Or •".'•'. big sleeves, ripple back and lined through- C o l*» T\tm\s 'Hi<acc?ac'
CS .rvrx ah »-m tnm.^wnm out - All sizes on hand now, but at the 253.1Q DUCK UrCSSeS.
(°/° CC ■HA AH our $7.50, $9.00 and $10.00 T>ripn wp „«„- them lines will Boon be -^
£G 3>5. VV silk Capes, full circle styles, K M^ These dresses would be a .good « I eft Duck Dresses -Blazer styles, If
fojo Lace and Jet trimmed, Silk lined. value at SI 3 * l.dU ripple back, full skirts. Choice *?►
>o>o — .. .= .:',.■ — line of patterns. . ■*
■4 1 '- <£/; (\(\ All of He $10 and $11 Velvet <Cq en All-Wool Cheviot Dresses, latest -: ■' ■■. 4 ■&?•■
£' $O.UU Capes remaining in stock-Jet »PV.OU ent _ ans or grays-wide skirts $1 75 Duck Dresses -Reefer styles. £
4* embroidered, Silk lined-full ripple style. 1 with rustling lining-Jackets ripple back, ** •' *f box front«, ripple backs, full -^
silk facings, big sleeves, etc. The old price, skirts. Large variety of patterns. .+ ,
Qnla larl^tc wassls. Ue havealljizes. <t 2 ftft FiMDMk "« 8SK ' B1 »" 8 '^ l T
OdlC JdlKCli. CO sfl All-Wool Blazer Dresses In f , .1 , with sailor collars, ripple *£•
T « A eft All-Wool Tan Mixed Cloth Jack- WSU Fftnt . Tftn and l Gray Mixed backs, full skirts. 20 patterns .to choose *
4* 3>4.5U ets-fancy Cheviot and black Cheviots-Jackets silk faced, big sleeves, from.
t poods-box front, fancy back, bin sleeves, ripple backs, finished with small, white •■y ". ,-
' ~Z? finished with large and small pearl but- pearl buttons. Extra wide skirts, rustled tf?9 95 Duck Dresses in Reefer styles, ttT
t tons— a good $10 Jacket. lined. Suits that were never sold under . ■&A.Z.O box fronts, sailor collars, full ,<j»_
•^7 ' - - — — $15. j skirts. A large variety of patterns. "^*
4* $10.00 JaXtf- li n nVd T ?hrou?hou $1 1 SO Fine AlMVool Fancy Mixed -.. 00 ash DreTs^, ma de of Heavy 4*
% ■ «th f,n« «ilk fronts small^^caribnt 9 lOt3U Cheviot Dresses, good assort- 3>*.UU Goll suiting Duck. Choice X
4* J1? SI back We sleeves-a jLtit ; ment of colorings-ripple back Jacket Outing effects.- This is the very latest *|*
£ ih^h??nU« been sold i"der*ls • lined throughout-Skirts wide and rustled fabric for Wash Frocks. We have them A
\£ that has never been sold under *io. lined. A Swell Dress that we have always in Blazer and Reefer styles.
7£ —',■ sold at $18. ■ •— — : ■ — . .- &>
t Sale Separate Skirts siS-OO^^SK^ff^oi Sale Shirt Waists. *
£ « i Oft Our **- 50 ■ Se ?f x t i& , Skirts in fine All-Wool Cloths and Cheviot effects- At 60c A special lot of $1.00 Shirt 2 .
4>O. W Black Fancy Mohair, and in strictly Man Tailor-made— Jackets lined, '»•• VW : Waists— fine Percales, choice 4^
J". fancy Black and White and Blue and cut in the latest style— the Skirts wide, patterns, matched yokes, perfectly lauu- 2
*S"r White Checks— cut, rustling lining, with rustling lining Many styles and all dered collars and cuffs. You will find ■?$►
• velveteen bound. ' sizes these a tempting bargain. • 2
«f* ,»;-.; ; : _....-,. -■' " : — : ' ■ . . • ' *§►
* 3ES.ESILiI-.Tr c*s Z-.I:ei:q;EHS, ISO Kearny St. 4
4? Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Coast. 4"
<&■ Country Orders promptly filled. Send Money with Order .Every '.Garment Guaranteed. -:>|*
said the fighter, slowly repeating the query.
"Well, I certainly do, or I shouldn t have
matched with him." ... ,
"About how many rounds do you think
the contest will last?"
"Well, now, as to that I cannot say.
Gallagher is a good man, a strong, willing
fighter, and is dangerous at all times. The
fight may last to the ten-rounds limit ana
it may not. lam not prepared to say.
When Smith was asked what he thought
the outcome of the Corbett-Sharjiey bout
would De he said he thought Corbett
ought to win. as he is a master of ring
tactics and not to be compared with
Sharkey as regards ability. He thought
Corbett ought to get the decision anyway,
even if he didn't knock Sharkey out.
"And by the way," he added, "I under
stand Corbett has said in one of your
dailies that I am only a one-handed
fighter, and that 'Young Co™ 6 " c . a ?
whip either Gallagher or me. Well, all 1
have to say is that I am willing to ngnt
George Green (Young Corbett), win or
lose, for as much as he wants at any time.
Smith also says that he is matched to
fight Dudley Evans, the champion middle
weight of Oregon, in Portland, July 10.
He is also confident of victory in this in
stance.
Ned Morrissey, his trainer, who has won
many 130-pound matches in the North
west, says he is willinc to meet any man
in his class in California and is willing to
open negotiations at any time.
CRUSHED BY A TRUCK
Lawrence Crounae, Five Years of Age,
Instantly Killed at Fulton and
Gough Street*.
A fatal accident occurred to Lawrence
Crounse, five years of age, yesterday after
noon at Fulton ami Gough streets. The
boy's father, Fred C. Crounse, lives at 501 A
Franklin street.
Charles H. Selleck, teamster for I. S.
Van Winkle & Co., iron merchants, Mar
ket street, was driving his empty truck to
the stables on Gough street when the boy
jumped on the side of the vehicle to get a
ride. He missed his hold and fell, one of
the wheels of the truck passing over his
chest and killing him instantly.
Selleck, wondering what the wheel had
passed over, looked behind and was horri
fied to see the body of the boy on the
street. He stopped his team, picked the
boy up and, thinking that life was not ex
tinct, put him in a passing express wagon
and asked the driver to take the boy to the
Receiving Hospital. On reaching there,
Dr. Thompson pronounced life extinct and
said that death must have been instanta
neous. The body was then removed to the
Morgue.
Selleck surrendered himself at police
headouarters and was booked at the City
Prison on the charge of manslaughter.
Chief Crowley refused to release him on
his own recognizance.
THE SLOT WHS TOO WIDE
Novel Point on Which J. C. Shoe
maker Bases an Action
for Damages.
A Suit— the First of Its Kind Against
the Geary-Street, Park and
Ocean Road.
The tire of John E. Shoemaker's bicycle
slipped into the slot on the cable line of
the Geary-street Park and Ocean Railroad
on May 23 last while he was riding rapidly
along the track, and he dismounted with
rather more rapidity than is customary
with wheelmen.
As a result he has begun suit against the
corporation on ground's never before urged
as the basis of an action for damages.
Shoemaker alleges that when the com
pany obtained its franchise from the Board
of Supervisors one of the provisions of the
grant was that the width of the aperture
or slot above the cable should not be over
seven-eighths of an inch in width, and
that it was the duty of the company to
see that this provision was carriedout.
Shoemaker goes on to say that on the day
mentioned, while Tiding along the slot at
the intersection of First and Point Lobos
avenues, his tire ran down into the slot
and he was thrown violently to the ground
sustaining severe physical injuries as well
as completely wrecking his bicycle. He
alleges that at the point where he was in
jured the slot was one and five-eighths
inches wide and that this condition of
affairs wus contrary to the ordinance
granting the franchise and due to the gross
negligence of the corporation's employes.
Ho asks damages in the sum of $299 and
lor costs of suit.
CONSECRATION OF
BISHOP GRACE.
The Respected Priest of
Sacramento to Be
Elevated.
CEREMONIES TUESDAY.
They Will Be Held in the Cathe
dral of the Capital
City.
DEEP INTEREST IN THE EVENT.
Archbishop Riordan Will Officiate
With Bishops Montgomery and
Scanlan.
Righfßeverend Thomas Grace, formerly
vicar-general of Sacramento diocese, who
was recently elected bishop of the see left
vacant by the death of Bishop Manogue,
will be consecrated Tuesday morning next.
The Most Reverend Archbishop Riordan,
D.D., assisted by Bishops Montgomery
of Los Angeles and Scanlan of Salt Lake
City, Utah, will officiate at the consecra
tion. In the Catholic church there is per
haps no ceremony surrounded with so
much imposing solemnity as the consecra
tion of a bishop, and this event gives
promise of maintaining that grand charac
ter and impressiveness. The ceremonials
and their: attendant services will be' held
in the cathedral of Sacramento, the sanc
tuary of which will be beautifully deco
rated for the occasion. Indeed, prepara
tions on a very elaborate scale are already
in progress to guarantee the fitting cele
bration of the raising of this highly re
spected and loved priest to his exalted
office.
Special arrangements for the accom
modation of visiting prelates and priests
have been made. The sanctuary will be
arrangpd to receive an unusually large
number of clergymen, and it is expected
that the whole floor of the stately cathe
dral will be densely crowded.
In view of the widespread interest in the
consecration, prie&ts and laymen are ex
pected from all parts of California. All
the Catholic societies of Sacramento have
signified their intention of attending, and
societies from other towns in the diocese
will in all probability show their regard
for their new Bishop by sending large
delegations to be present at the ceremony.
It is likely, also, that Bishop Mora of Los
Angeles and the prelate of Portland, Or.,
will participate.
Bishop Grace was born in Ireland in
1842 and his education was received in a
private school, then in St. Peter's College :
Wexford, and finally he studied for the
priesthood in the college of the foreign
missions, All Hallows, Dublin. In 1867
he was ordained a priest, and th£n came
immediately to California. His first
pastorate in the State was at Red Bluff,
Tehama County. While there he built
the Convent of Mercy. His next station
was Gras3 Valley, whence he moved to
Marysville. In 1881 he was called to Sacra
mento, where he succeeded Father Mc-
Sweeney as pastor of St. Rose's Church.
For years he was advisor of the late Bishop
and his long years of association with the
Catholic people of various parts of the
large diocese make him one of the best
known priests in California.
Temperance Service.
At Simpson Memorial Church this evening,
at 7 :45 o'clock, a temperance lecture will be
held with an address by the pastor, Rev. John
Stephens, and attractive mnsie rendered by
the choir. Members of the Order of Good
Templars, Sons of Temperance and Woman's
Christian Temperance Union will be present
and occupy reserved seats. The public are in
vited to attend.
NEW TO-PAT- DRY GOODS.
TPlIf SALE
— _ — — ■ — OJP — ■ — ■ — : — -
-200 PIECES
-■"-■■
NOVELTY SILKS!
Brocaded Silks, A r
Fancy Colors ------- 2|.U^ Yard
Worth 75c.
Fancy Figured - Ar
Gros de Londres ------ U w Yard
■ Reduced from 85c.
Fancy Figured Taffetas, A nr
Changeable effects - - - - - "Uw Yard
Regular Value $1.
Printed Warp Taffetas, — - c
Large designs and black satin stripes, /i)^' Yard
Former Price $1.35.
Fancy Printed Warp <£ nri
Taffetas, Lyons manufacture - - •PI»vJU Yard
>' f Worth $1.75 and $2.00.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
SO pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, full
22 inches wide, and extra heavy quality.
75^ Yard
Former Price $1.25.
The attention of our patrons is directed
to this sale.
'1892 TsS j ■ff'j^mi^i^^
• 11, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
FITCHBURG! FITGHBURG!
Is Midway Between Oakland and San Leandro,
On the only county road connecting those populous cities.
It fronts on the famous highway leading from Fruitvale to Hay wards and extends to Oakland har-
bor and possesses all the natural advantages requisite for a thriving business community.
It is systematically laid out into blocks and lots, bounded by wide streets,
newly graded and graveled.
Twenty-six direct fast ferry trains daily (San Leandro and Hay wards local) to and from San Fran-
cisco and Oakland stop at the commodious station just completed by the southern Pacific K. R. Co.
Sidetracks, warehouses and other conveniences for the accommodation of freight shipper*.
Han l.eandro and Haywarrts electric car service every few minutes to Oakland.
Theater trains run on both lines.
Distance and time the same as to Alamedaor Berkeley.
Be First to Secure Lots at Low
Prices and Grow Up With
the Town.
Prices as low as scattering lots can be bought for in isolated tracts in some far off hayfleld. -
LOTS 25 ASD 50x100 TO 200 • - OSLY $100 TO $200.
Ten per cent cash, balance easy terms. Full particulars of
THAD S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
HERE IS THE LONG-WAITED-FOR
OPPORTUNITY TO BUY A
--BICYCLE OR A TANDEM !---
LOOK AT THE PRICES :
1896 RAMBLERS, $85. 1 895 RAMBLERS, $59.
All New Ramblers Fully Guaranteed for One Year.
1896 TANDEMS, $125. 1895 TANDEMS, $110.
Second-hand 1895 Tandems, $90. Second-hand Bicycles, $25, $35 and $45.
Over 300 Bicycles sold in the last ten day*.
A few 1895 LADIES' MODEL "E" RAMBLERS, also a few 21-inch frame Gentle-
men's Ramblers in stock. All other 1895 Models have been sold. If you
wish to get one of these machines come before they are all gone.
INSTALLMENT PLAN, $15.00 DOWN AND
$2.50 PER WEEK.
WHY NOT RIDE THE BEST, A RAMBLER ?
IDEAL TX A ThOS - H.B. Yarne Y»
DTfV/HDO / \ Js'^W I'^.1 '^. Ranibler Blclorama,
Dill I IIL £< 0, j(^^MLiAfi/j^^ M.r*et,Ten t h and
. T w***a*#j IS _rginri7n ■■C'Bl F^^iC^l son sts., the largest Bl-
Arr Aim (hri YtrT^rYTrr"/ : Wf IT *V^y/T\\^/ / cyclery in the United
$55 AND $57. Wpr~2^W- SSiS&WKi
HEP UARk' T ST. ' .■~*^s-^^^'agsS!i^^^^s-^^^ 1 ---- - '■'* " Page and stanyan sts.
POhleheater'a KngUnh Dlamona Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-fi*~7v Original and Only Genuine A
J~dfn<£\ •*":, always reliable, utoies ilk »\
AJLJ^iWI Urug.ut Chichuttrt Knqlitk Dia-f£\\
fr^m^Mf^mcmd Brand In Red and Cold aiet»liio\\@ r
*2V — -TljtflboTM. scaled with bla» ribbon. Take \Br
I*l *^ win» Other. Refute dangtrtut V
I/ — /Jr lion* and imitations. At Drn^ji'ti. or Mno4«.
I >• J4> Id itampf for particular!, IMtlncniali and
\ "V a "Keller for Ladle*" *• UUe*. by rctarn
-\ - IT Mall. 10.000 T-.!lraoul»l». -V°»i« Paper.
- ,>—"rciileheaterCkeiiU«alO»,M«dl«o« Square,
lold to »U Loc«! Dru X ii». Phltod •*- **«»
COSMOPOIjITAN. ,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., «i
JrancUco, Cal The most select family howl iv
the city. Board and room. *1, $1 £5 and $1 5D pec
day, according to room. Meals 5a Boom* n a
and 760 a day. • Free coach to ana Jrom ilia uoial.
look lor the coach. bearing the name ot ' ilia U>f
mopoiuan Howl. wit JfAiiiiV. iTopntKiii
m^m These tiny Capsules are superior
PV^T to Balsam of Copaiba, /*""*\
f \i CubebsorlniectionsandflWDi
I&} I CURE IN 48 H OURS
Iw J the same diseases without
inconvenience.
. Sold by all druggists.
E -patents! 3
' X^22Q MARKET SJ.SJ^S/THE SUMMER GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
ISINGoPTOECIRLOPTIICSIJririCR -,
TMESttinCRY GJBLOrTHCWEST v
" Sheishere: in her BCAUTYTRAHSCCttOChT
TttE rAJRESTTHCSVCETESTTHnBCST
■■- ■ ■ ■ •
•■ /i
tl SUttsHlli WITHOUT SHADOW
OR FLOWER WITHOUT ANY THORN
' Or sono we could listen to ever
Regardless miohtor op morm
lIERUPS SP£AMN<i hOTHirf^^^pOEMS
HER eyes lookicig nar^^oxrr LPve
"her FIGURE a sculptors r6eicC
A VISION HER FACE FROM ABOVE_
SHE IS HERE WTTHTHC i^AirrJuriE^ric
OriTHE one Edch shor^jpfthe. Sphere:
zf&A&o v^ELove HCR; Amdv^iois it ooes nr
AMD WHO isntolaoshc:,
1718
THREE SAN FRANCISCO GIRLS SEVEN DAYS IN PARIS
THE JOY 6 AND WEARINE&&
Of A SHOPPING TOUR
Of THE BON ttAROC
There were three of us rash enough to
undertake it. To see Paris for the first
time in seven days. Mrs. Whitehat
offered herself as chaperon. She had
every quality necessary to that difficult
and superfluous functionary. She is tall
and very fair. She wears upon her shoul
ders a fetching green velvet cape and the
dignity of twenty-five summers.
Miss Grey is a tailor-made little person
with a demure countenance and a smile
worth almost as much as her letter of
credit.
I recommended myself chiefly to the
others because I speak a not too impos
sible French. I once offered timid sug
gestions that there might be disadvantages
in attempting to crowd every possible ex
perience into seven days.
"A week of Pans in tbe month of May,"
said Mrs. Whitehat, with that manner of
finishing an argument contained in a posi
tive a-sertion, "is worth six weeks in the
month of October."
Mrs. Whitenat's experience has been
bounded hitherto by Castle Crags on the
north and Monterey on trie south.
"We have so many interests," I still
dared to suggest. "I want to see the salons
and some of the studios, ana you do not
speak French; how do you think you will
manage?"
"Each one of us," said Mrs. Whitehat,
'will be independent; we will each see
what interests us most— besides, English
takes one everywhere."
"I want to see tiie Louvre," murmured
Miss Grey, "and Napoleon's tomb and the
churches."
"I want to see the Louvre, too," added
Mrs. Whitehat, "and the Bon Marche."
The temptation was too great for us; we
were all swayed in the same direction. I
had the pictures mo3t at heart. Miss
<; rev advanced the improvement of her
mind for which purpose she had been sent
abroad, p.nd Mrs. Whitehat declared with
engaging frankness that she knew exactly
what summer gowns and bonnets would be
most becoming to her.
The question of money threw a slight
over the general enthusiasm.
Miss Grey had a little, I had less and
Mrs. Whitehat had least of all. We, there
fore, made a solemn compact to spend not
more than double tbe amount we decided
we could each afford, and we retired to
pack our one trunk and three handbags.
We left Victoria at 10 in the morning, via
>"ewhaven and Dieppe.
On the steamer we could still think, eat
and dream in English, although the
Tamise was manned entirely by French
sailors. It was very cold, and the ship
rolled violently, so that now we saw a
great expanse of heaving light blue water,
now only the luminous sky with windy,
drifting clouds. Periodically all the old
ladies were spilled out of their chairs or
deluged in sudden showers of spray. We
all fixed our agonized eyes on the dis
tant horizon when a deckhand hurried by
with a little brown basin.
Mrs. Wnitehat went through a panto
mime of shivering which finally induced
an intelligent deckhand to "bring us more
rugs.
"You see how easy it is to get along in
English," she remarked, as he wound a
rope around the back of her chair to keep
it steady.
'Madame is quite right," said the deck
hand. '-We all speak the English, some
bad, some worse."
There was a more violent roll than
usual and the busy deckhand was forced
to leave us.
We attempted to have a lunch in the
subterranean dining-room; we ordered
cold chicken, one portion for 2 shillings,
and a cup of coffee, with bread and tallow,
costing 2 shillings more. The chicken
consisted of one- pale gray leg and a wish
bone. The countenances around us were
all oi the same color as the cbicken#leg
and everybody appeared to be attempting
to swallow their own * ishbones. We did
not enjoy this meal. The approach of
Dieppe seemed almost a whirlpool of
breakers and foam and we all occupied
ourselves with thoughts of home and
heaven and wished we were either in one
place or the other ; the intermediate stages
seemed fraught with too much danger and
discomfort.
Once in the train with the chalk-marks
on our Jeather-bags carefully conspicu
ous—on our sleeves and skirts princi
pally—our spirits rose wonderfully. We |
were interested in the cold, exposed little
town, tne clusters of houses on the hills
crowded together as if for warmth, the
people in the streets, the men with hard,
red, weather - beaten faces; the women
scarcely less tanned and marksd under
their tight white Norman caps. We
caaght picturesque glimpses of narrow
streets, with tall, crooked houses and little
windows under enormous gables, like
little eyes under heavy lids. And the
signs on all the houses were industriously
spelled out and their
meanings guessed at
by my ambitious com-
paniong, who were
sure that by this
means they were ac-
romplishing one ob-
ject of the trip.
"You could get quite
an idea of a language
in a week," said Miss
VerdantinaGrey. "I've
iearnt two things al
ready. Carbon et Boys
means wood and coal.
J must rememLjer
that. 11
Fortunately we had
a compartment to our
selves, so we could
hang out of the win
dows and admire tbe
thatched cottages and
the little shining
streams and the fruit
trees in blossom. Mrs.
Whitehat insisted that
the air was lighter and
the country gayer, tbe
trees slimmer and tiner
than any she had ever
seen. Every village we
approached was the
occasion for more ex
damations and sage
comments on agricul
ture and the effect of
history and civiliza-
tion on the peasant
mind. Miss Grey peo*
pled tbe entire country with all the histori
cal personages she had culled from Dumas,
Stanley Weyman and other historians.
At Rouen there was a Btop of five minutes.
"Isn't there a cathedral — " began Miss
Grey. "Coffee and little cakes at Rouen,"
interrupted Mrs. Whitehat. "A friend of
mine told me. Come on, girls!"
So we scalded our throats with steaming
coffee, and returned in triumph with a
paper full of little soft cakes that dripped
cream and jelly and sugar from under our
unsuspicious fingers. It was after 7 when
we arrived in Paris, at the GareSt. Lazare.
We passed successfully through the hands
of the inspectors of the luggage, the porters
did not exact more than double the usual
fee, and it was a delicious moment when
we found ourselves at last driving in a little
close Dlack box of a carriage, behind a de
crepit horse, on our way to the pension
near the Arch of Triumph, where we had
engaged rooms.
In the morning we held a consultation.
Where should w« go? W T hat should we
do first?
The window was open and the cool air
sparkled between the tall light houses.
Boys with carts ran down the streets cry
ing strange words in high voices. An old
woman who sold vegetables had a keen
ing call like a banshee's wail.
Mrs. Whitehat was in her most cheerful
mood. She wore her fresh stiff shirt waist
and correct tie, her white sailor, her black
skirt and tan gloves and shoes with an
air that would have distinguished a cos
tume from Worth, and the face under her
thin veil was as fresh as gayety, good
health and good spirits could make it.
"We'll be systematic," said Mrs. White
hat, "so as not to lose time ; we can work
in the morning or play in the afternoon.
I think we had better go direct to a dress
maker—"
"To the dressmaker!" I interrupted,
"the first morning in Paris!"
"Yes," said Mrs. Whitehat, soberly, "so
as to get that over; then we'll know what
we want, how long it will take to have our
tnings made; we could go to the Bon
Marche on our way back, perhaps, shop a
little bit and perhaps take in a sight or
two before luncheon."
This breathless programme was finally
decided upon, not without some argument.
The address of the dressmaker carried us
to the left bank of the Seine, through por- I
tions of the Latin Quarter. All the chest- i
nuts were in bloom in the Champs Elysees,
the booths under the trees were gay with |
children's toys and color. Little boys
with bare knees and little girls with very
short frocks disported themselves with
their nurses or their mammas in the sun
flecked shadow.
"This is the Place de la Concorde," re- j
marked the driver amiably as we crossed !
the mighty square.
"Goodness," said Mrs. Whitehat, "isn't
it stunning! What are *he buildings, I
wonder, and the pyramid and all the
statues about. By the way, girls, you gei j
little tickets when you stop at the Bon j
Marche and all you do is to leave your
little number and then you don't have to
pay till you receive the goods."
"We must buy a Baedeker," said little
Miss Grey regretfully, "I don't know a
thing about anything; I know somebody
did something or other in the Place de la
Concorde!"
"Do you suppose a dressmaker could
make me four gowns in one week?" con
tinued Mrs. Whitehat, thoughtfully, "this
is Saturday morning. I wonder if they
observe the Sabbath in France as strictly
as we do."
We dismissed tbe carriage at No. 85, the
address of the sole dressmaker we knew
in Paris. On every side of us ran little
streets, the apartment houses formed a
long front lined with windows and the
signs were various.
We asked the forbidding dark person
who filled tbe doorway at the side of the
small court if she could assist us to find
Mme. Latour-Renard.
•'Ah. yes," she replied, "everything is
rea<iy. They attend you."
I translated these remarks to my friends;
they did not seem particularly pertinent.
Tbe door was opened immediately at
the tinkle of the bell and a very young
girl in a white dress, with very short
tight gloves, appeared upon the thresh
old.
"Is Mme. Latour-Renard in?" I de
manded.
"But yes; she is within," said the girl,
with astonishment. "She is just about to
be married. We attend the guests."
Mme. Latour-Renard-Moulinet, as she
was to be hereafter known, now put in an
appearance.
"Ah, yes, it wa3 true; she was about to
be married; she was desolated utterly;
but she would return from her trip of wed
ding and be quite ready to work the dresses
of my ladies in a week."
Mrs. Whitehat had grown pale at th c
AFTER A DAY OF SHOPPING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1596.
! appearance of the bride and had understood enough to feel
that aa yet we had not accomplished much.
We held a consultation in the street, ana it was finally de
cided that Mrs. Whitehat and Miss Grey were to remain seated
on a bench under a tree, while I attempted to find a Paris cdi
i tion of the New York Herald or a directory. When I re
i turned in five minutes I discovered Mrs. Whitehat standing at
I the corner holding Miss Grey by the hand, while a gentleman
i with a pointed beard, a square silk hat with a straight brim,
i a large necktie and not irreproachable linen, under a long frock
j coat, stood at a small distance and alternately raised his hat and
j kissed his hand to our chaperon. I placed myself before my
! companions and re- H
girded the gentleman
with severity.
"I suppose he wants I
to know the way, but I
what a strange man- I
ncr of asking!" said I
Mrs. Whitehat.
"Ta ta, " said the I
strange gentleman, I
waving his hand.
"Ta ta, petites An- I
glaises, with the hats I
I of straw!"
Mrs. Whitehat re- I
tired precipitately be- I
hind me as he I
passed us. She had I
tried to explain in I
her most amiable I
manner that she did
not understand I
French, and the gen- I
tleman had remained, I
walking around her in
a circle. We stood I
transfixed till he had I
hailed an omnibus,
walked up the steep I
steps backward, and I
kissing his hand at I
every step disappeared I
finally among the less I
eccentric passengers. I
| The second attempt I
at a dressmaker we I
made in a street open- I
ing from the Bon I
Marche.
"Yes," said the lit- I
tie concierge, appear- I
ing from her hole in I
the wall, '• up live I
flights of stairs, the I
bell in the left— Mine.
Rival!'
A tall, thin French- I
| woman stopped to I
listen and mounted I
ahead of us. On the I
second floor she hasti- I
ly put a key in the I
door, threw it open
and waved us in.
There was a little
silver sign upon the
door which informed us that she was Mile. Fleury, and that she
could supply u3 with robes and confections.
"But this is not the woman we want," said Miss Grey;
"this is not the fifth floor!"
Mile. Fleury stood aside, however, for us to pass with a ges
ture of such engaging hospitality that^ we all meekly al
lowed ourselves to be conveyed into a little deception-room guilt
less of any signs of her trade, except some antique colored
plates of ladies in dinner gowns and large opera capes.
"It is undoubtedly the street gowns that my ladies desire
have they already bought the goods? My prices are so rea
! sonable my ladies will desire very many; they will be all that 1
"Ta ta," said the strange gentleman, "ta ta, petites Anglaises, with the hats of straw."
is ravishing. And here are the newest, but the very newest
spring fantasies — "
She whipped out a book, a tape measure and a pencil, pro
vided us each with a book of colored plates and stood regarding
us like an amiable vulture.
"She might make us some things," said Mrs. Whitehat at
last, in a hushed tone. "I— l think we might let her make
one dress for each of vs — and the woman upstairs could make
the rest. It might be really an advantage to divide the work.
Her skirt hangs awfully well!"
Mile. Fleury exhorted us as we were leaving to keep our
"We must buy a Baedecker.'
lealings with her a complete secret from the dressmaker on
;he fifth floor.
"There are little jealousies, you know, mesdamei," she re
narked. "I am quite free from such feelings. Hope madame
apstairs will give you every satisfaction."
After we had completed the arrangements with Mme.
Rival, who had her establishment on the fifth, we descended
>nee more to the street. A white glare of Bunlight, with little
x>ols of shadow under the awnings. It was very nearly 1
j'clock, we discovered, and we were too late for the midday
meal at the pension. This would necessitate a small extrava
gance in the way of refreshment. A blae-coated policeman di-
rected us to a Duval.
I It was very warm ami
I the direction was a
I little obscure; we
I walked up and down
I a number of small
I streets and finally in-
I quired desperately of
I a little boy.
"The Duval?" he
I asked, " but there
I it is!"
We were standing
I before the door.
Mrs. Whitehat re-
I garded me with some
I scorn.
"If I could read
I French it seems to
I me I could dis-
I cover that," she re-
I marked. " Besides,
I we have walked ten J
I miles; we'll never
I have any strength
I left for shopping."
"When will we go
I and see Napoleon's
I tomb?" asked Miss
I Grey with a plaintive
I look as we entered
I the restaurant.
A girl in a fresh
I white cap immedi-
I ately led us to' a
I table, gave us a yel-
I low card — a menu —
I and a glass of water.
We ordered a num-
I ber of things for
I which it was too late,
I and finally left the
I choice to the wait-
I ress-
" Have confidence
I in me," she said
I pleasantly. " What
I interest could I have
I in cheating yon?
I There is the list; you
I can follow all I bring
I you."
The lunch was
I hot and well and
I promptly served and
we commented
peacefully on our labors of the morning and on the prospects
■or the afternoon. "The Bon Marche," said Mrs. Whitehat,
m mushroom poised on her fork, "just till we have bought the
■Materials necessary for our dresses, and then we will go and see
■he sights."
The waitress now appeared with the little yellow slip on
which she had madte auy number of marks— marks which ap
peared to determine that we had eaten a great number of
dishes at the price of one franc.
"But madame does not think I could put down the
wrong marks," said the waitress in accents of the deepest re I
proach, and she launched into a repetition' of the dishes, tbe
bread, the butter, the napkins, we had consumed, before which
we fled, consid erably poorer if but little wiser.
To the Bon Marche we now directed our weary footstep*.
"I shall ask for an English clerk," said Mrs. Whitehat with
decision, "and perhaps Miss Grey can get one with me
That will leave you free." A crowd of carriages filled the
streets around the Bon Marche ; two steady streams of people
poured in and out of the great entrance. On the street were
tables full of cheap materials, of laces and ribbons, which were
being clawed and pulled at by anxious females with
astonishing disregard for their preservation. We joined
tiEWOREALARGETIE
AND TRIED TO FIIRT WITH
THE ELDER CHAPERON
the throng and were soon within
that remarkable monument of industry,
the Bon Marche. Not only within it, but
perspiring in the effort to purchase a
l iof? items which we could have secured
without difficulty in half an hour in San
Francisco. We walked miles in a
futile search for the silk counter;
over hills of stockings and shoes
and parasols and lace and brass jars and
books and bed linen; up and down the
mountainous stairs ornamented with limp
gowns or dummies and silk petticoats of
all degrees of seductiveness; jostling
everybody and being jostled, clutching at
a clerk or standing in a line in a vain en
deavor to call some one's attention. At
last, after an endless time, giving up in
with half the articles not bought
ana those which have been secured in
passing not at all conducive to peace of
mind or purse.
Mrs. Whitehat, however, and Miss Grey
stood awaiting me at our trysting-place,
one on either side of a tall English clerk.
"Isn't it delicious?" said Mrs. Whitehat,
with a little gasp, "and what ravishing
things! He says" — pointing to the clerk —
"we will simply have to go downstairs to
the delivery department now and claim
our goods. You see, we've given an ad
dress on the little book and we want to
have our things sent to the dressmaker's.
They must go to-night."
The English clerk bowed himself away,
but Mrs. Whitehat recalled him with a
lovely smile.
"Don't desert us," she said. "Do take
us to the right place, so that we do not
have to fight our way through all these
wild animals."
.The English clerk looked at her with
something in his glance that suggested
despair, frenzy and a gleam of diabolic
amusement. He then stolidly pushed his
way in the required direction, turning his
head now and then wearily to see if we
! followed. He left us in a subterranean
apartment in which a great many people
were doing up hundreds of bundles and
boxes. And wo sat there while every
article that had been purchased during
the afternoon was sought'for.
The perspiration rolled from the fare
head of the fat porter in a blue coat with
gold buttons, who had constituted him
self our mercury. The genius that man
displayed in chasing after the various
articles of wearing apparel Mrs. Whitehat
had secured to herself on her march of
triumph should have been rewarded by
more than the small tip and tne radiant
smile with which he was finally dis
missed.
"Do you know what time it is?" asked
Miss Grey in & sepulchral tone. "Have
you any idea?"
"I think it is 1 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing,' 1 groaned Mrs. Whrtehat. "I've never
felt so tired in my life! Goodness, it is
nearly 7 o'clock!" We looked at each
other as we climbed into the open car
riage, and I gave the address in a voice
that was almost inaudible. Then there
was total silence as we drove home, over
the river that was a dazzle with the sun
set, under a sky that glowed, up the
streets that were alive witb tray people in
carriages and on foot.
"We haven't even seen Napoleon's
tomb," said Miss Grey, as we entered the
pension.
The second day was Sunday; Mrs.
j Whitehat had discovered that the Sabbath
was observed in France to some extent,
fit least by the shops and the dressmakers.
So we heard a chant or two in the Made
leine, and the boys singing at Ste. Eustace.
Mrs. Whitehat remarked that we ought
to have a Baedeker, and Miss Grey wished i
to know the style of architecture of every !
detail of every church we visited, in which
i reasonable yearnings we were unable to
gratify her.
At Notre Dame her misery was great.
"It is Gothic, isn't it? It is Gothic, of
course.'' "My dear," said Mrs. White- |
hat, "it is Gothic. Satisfy yourself. Call j
it anything you like. Why should you j
care whetuer it's Gothic! You'll remem
ber it just as well II it's Moorish— so long
as it's so bit:, and picturesque and impres
sive. 1 don't believe in ioa ling your mind
with a lot of useless information; you only
! want it for your letters, in order to im
j press people at home. We must buy a
i Buedeker."
At St. Sulpice the mighty organ tilled i
the church. It was restful and cool under
the great roof, and we forgot for one de
lightful moment in the enjoyment of the
fall-voiced chorus that we were seeing
Paris in a week.
In the afternoon there was at least a con
cession made. We went to the Luxem
bourg gallery and walked through the
rooms, only to be driven out after an hour
— driven out to new extravagance, for
there was nothing further possible in the
way of sightseeing. We were forced to go
to drive in the Bois de Boulogne.
ONE RESULT OF THE TRIP TO PARIS.
| Ah, that drive! Three of us in a dusty,
; open carriage, behind a lame horse, whose
t bones rattled as he ran, with a driver who
i had great difficulty in remaining upright
'and who shouted witticisms, which we
: I fortunately could not understand, at every
i i passer-by, at every brother coachman; a
I driver who never saw a cart with a foot
i j man mounted at the back, or two charm
ingly dressed women but he encouraged
i his venerable horse to a furious speed and
, j allowed him to nibble at the calves of tbe
! i footman or the flounces of the enraged
charming youne women. There was no
turning in this fatal drive— wedged in be
i tween rows of carriages we could but wan
! our fate In silence. A fate that was finally
! precipitated dv a policeman, who seized
the head of Kosinante and jerked it
back from its pleasing occupation with a
violence which nearly killed the horse t>n
the spot and which called down upon us
all the attention of the occupants of all
the surrounding carriages and shouts of
laughter from the coachmen.
Alas! My courage fails me when it
comes to details of each day of our stav —
a stay divided between Mile. Fleury
of the second story and Mme. Rival
iof the fifth. In my dreams I have
nightmare that I am once more assisting
Mrs. Whitehat to take back some of her
superfluous purchases to the Bon Marche.
I see again my two depressed companions
on a divan in the sitting-room, the pretty
freshness quite vanished from the shirt
waists and faces— too tired to remove their
hats, counting up how much they will
have to economize to make up the defi
ciency in their letters of credit. Ah !
These letters of credit; they were entirely
to blame.
I seem to be going again through the
salon of the Champ de Mars— for we had
to do that — and down to Versailles — sa
cred duty — following a guide breathlessly
through the vast deserted palaces, free of
all the glories of France— and with an at
mosphere in the great halls which sug
gests that the heroes have not been suc
cessfully embalmed in the wainscoting or
! under our feet.
I see again our chaste apartments on the
last morning of our stay; twenty-seven
j boxes and papers under the beds out of the
i way, but others filling the passage, over
which the boots and the eager chamber
maids tumble as they obsequiously offer
us every attention.
■ I see Mrs. Whitehat sitting on the bed
I with a pale face and her watch in her hand.
I "In half an hour, girls," she says, in
solemn, deep tones, "we must leave for
the train — we must leave. Here are our
trunks ready to be strapped, and our
dresses have not come." I seem to see the
final advent of Mile. Fleury and Mme.
Rival, with their attendant maiden." . all
in one carriage, chatting in tbe most
friendly manner, and only giving each,
other furtive lightning glances at the mo
ment when we come to pay the bills. Who
| had made more out of the legitimate
| prey — the unsuspecting Americans? The
dresses are crushed in with breaking
hearts, the trunks are closed over them,
> the porters toss them up and down with a
hideous disregard of their contents — con
tents that have cost us too much to be
mentioned without emotions.
The next morning in London Miss Grey
called upon Mrs. Whitehat. She was just
about to leave for church. She was ar
rayed like "the lilies of the field."
She surveyed us with great deliberation.
"I believe," she remarked, "that the
trip to Paris was worth while! We will
not be able to impress people with what
we have seen; but our clothes are im
pressive — and as for the sights— we can
| buy a Baedeker!"
"But we can't see Napoleon's tomb!"
said Miss Grey.
And the next day we had the pleasure
of paying extra postage on twenty-seven
advei tisements from dressmakers and
i milliners which bad been dutifully re
i addressed to us from the pension.
Van Dyck Brown.
Oite Meal a Day.— l have stuck to the
one meal a day, and I mean to continue it.
It suits me better than anything I have
yet tried. Indeed, I could not think of
going back to the old way of living. This
one-meal-a-day system appears to me to
be both reasonable and rational, and,
i moreover, it gives one such a sense of
power and independence, which is very
fascinating. I am feeling stronger and
more cheerful than I have done for »ome
time, and my tongue appears to be clear
ing, although I have not yet had tho
pleasure of seeing it quite bright and red,
quotes the June number uf Natural Food
from a private letter.
lam walking fifteen miles a day with
out fatigue and sleep like a top. The
natives are perfectly astounded at the one
meal-a-ciay plan, which I adhere to. It
seems utterly impossible to make any im
pression on the deeply
rooted customs of the
country, and they can-
not understand bow I
can rise at 7 and walk
ten miles of hilly coun
try wihouta morsel of
food before 12 noon.
Their plan is: Cup of
tea and chunk of cake
at 7, breakfast at 8:30,
lunch at 11, dinner at
1, tea at 5:30, and un
limited beer in the
evening.
I will give you my
diet for two or three
separate days. I do not
think the quantitiesare
sufficient, but for the
reasons previously stat
ed I cannot take more
without discomfort.
January "--Six ounces
of fried plaice, eight
ounces of stewed rai
sins, two bananas, two
oranges.
January 13— Tin of
herrings, four ounces
of stewed sultanas, two
ounces of stewed rai
sins, four ounces of
stewed plums, four
oranges, half pound of
baked apples.
I don't take meat
above once a week now,
and I begin to relish
the fish much better.ODDEST BURYING
PUCE ON THE EARTH
Your Friends Rent Your Cof
fin for a Brief Period
Only.
Then You Go to the Boneyard,
Where Your Fellow-Citizens
Lie Twenty Feet Deep.
Altars Down Deep in a Strange Old
Mme — Queer Crypts and Mum
mifitd Bodies.
Ex- Assemblyman P. H. Mack of Inyo
County, who is engaged with Attorney
Patrick Reddy in some mining enterprises
in the strange little State of Guanajuato,
Mexico, 1000 miles below El Paso, is at the
Russ. He tells a remarkable story of the
queer burial customs in the ancient city of
Guanajuato, the capital of the little State,
a place 350 years old.
It is a story of a strange human bone
yard, of crypts in a mountain side, and of
mummified bodies, the like of which have
not been seen since the explorations
among the Egyptians. It is different from
anything of which he has ever beard or
read, and tilled him with awe as he con
templated it.
It is at the old city in the heart of Mex
ico where the burying-ground is that Mr.
Mack is interested in the mining enter
prise alluded to.
"The burying ground is on a high point
of a mountain near the town," said he
yesterday, "and is nearly 100 yards square.
It is inclosed by a wall twelve feet in
height and eight feet thick, and in the
walls are pigeon-hole-like places, or crypts,
for the bodies.
"vVhen a man dies bis relatives can, on
the payment of $40, get him put in one of
these crypts. The ends are sealed up, and
he is allowed to stay there for five years.
"At the end of that time, if his relatives
come forward and pay $100 more the re
mains are allowed to remain there per
petually. If, however, the relatives have
died, moved away or fail to put up the
$100 the remains are taken out, carted
away and put into a great boneyard near
at hand, where remains have in lifce man
ner accumulated and where bones now
lie twenty feet deep.
"There is a flight of steps leading down
into a passage-way, which is 300 feet long.
At the end of this passage-way is a great
yard, or excavation, for the cast-off bones.
It is here that they are piled to such an
immense depth.
"There are to be seen arms, legs, skulls
and other bones at pleasure, or to your
horror, just as you take it. The skulls
piled so high and thrown about in such a
disordered way seem to leer at you. The
sensation is peculiar and utterly unlike
anything I ever experienced before.
"Not many Americans have ever been
there, and of those who have, including
some lady tourists, a number have fainted
outright. The sight was too m-ich for
their nerves.
'•There is a potter's field aside from this
as a part of the burying ground already
told about, and this consists of a trench In
which bodies are buried three deep with
out any kind of coffin.
"This being a burying-ground managed
by the authorities, the coffins that are
used are owned oy the municipality, and
ADJLTANT W. B. BOYDEN, the Man Who Ate 10,950 Beefsteaks Consecutively,
and Gave Hack All His Wealth to Those From Whom lie Had Won It.
it simply rents the coffins for use till the
body is stowed away in the crypt told
about awhile ago. The coffins are used
over and over, and one of them may have
prnviously had twenty bodies in it. It is
kept as any other receptacle would be, and
is used as long as it will last. It is the
oddest idea on the part of the municipality
of which I ever heard.
"There is another adjunct of this re
markable burying-iground. It is this. At
the bottom of the stairs, on both sides of
the 3<jo-foot passageway, which is more
properly a tunnel, are mummified- bodies.
They are sealed up in the holes on each
side, and they dry up in such a way as to
be preserved.
"An American down there managed to
steal one of these bodies, as he thought it
would be quite a curiosity to exhibit. He
got the body out in some way and got
clear to Guadalajara with it before he was
discovered and brought back.
"The town of Guanajuato wae founded
in 151"). At one time it had 90,000 inhabi
tant.--, but nojv it has 50,000. The others
have died and moved away. You can
imagine the vast number of deaths that
Sust have occurred in this ancient town
since it was started, and this is the only
burying ground they Lave. The deceased
SAN FRANCISCO'S WONDERFUL CHILD ARTIST— EMIL CRAPUCHETTE, the four-year-old boy of Folsom Street, Who Displays
Remarkable i*kill in Drawing Pictures.
citizens have all been stowed away there.
"There are beautiful churches there,
built during the reign of the Mexican
kings, and down in the wonderfully deep
mines are altars built for the use of the
ancient miners.
"The principal mine there now is the
Vaienciana, and it has no less than thirty
two miles of underground workings. The
main shaft is 2700 feet deep, is of octagon
shape, perfectly wailed with stone and
thirty-two feet across It is said to have
j produced $1,000,000,000. principally in sil
ver, and it has employed as many as from
3000 to 5000 men. It now employs about
1000 men in the upper levels.
•'ln the lower levels and shafts are 800
i feet of water. It is said that at the bot
! torn of the shaft there is thirty feet of rich
' ore. AH this immense work was accom
plished by hand — without a particle of ma
chinery. It is estimated that it would
cost $500,000 to erect a pumping plant to
get this water out and keep it out
"There are driveways for miles zigzag
ine down into the mine to a depth of 1000
feet. It is said that at one time an owner
of this mine presented several million dol-
Jars to the crown of Spain. I was told,
; too, that at one time there were in the
neighborhood of 4000 arastras at work in
the town and that ltiOO tons of ore were
crushed every twenty-four Hours. At
present they are crushing about 350 tons
of ore a day.
"There i 8 an ancient opera-bouse in the
town that cost $1,000,000. It is stuck
away up on the rocks. It is a beautiful
building of stone of different colors and
has magnificent polished columns. There
are a good many bronze statues over
the columns in the front of the building.
All around it are the adobe houses of the
natives. It is a queer sight.
"Some of the people are very poor, but
they seem contented and happy. The
wages of the peons are from 40 to 75 cents
a day in Mexican silver. Silver is Mexi
co's money, and as a country it is very
prosperous. Every encouragement is
eiven by the Government to foreigners to
establish manufactures, and also to set
tlers. Americans are especially well liked.
Many of the goods and supplies are ad
mitted free of duty and bonuses are given
to manufacturers. The soil is rich.
Fruits, coffee, cotton, tobacco and other
crops are produced in profusion. Im
mense fortunes are being made in coffee
by Americans and others. 1 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 189(3.
THE MAN WHO ATE
10,950 BEEFSTEAKS
Remarkable Career of a
Most Extraordinary
Character.
He Conquered Death and His
Own Stomach in a Strange
Way.
Then He Got Religion Suddenly and
Gave Away AH His
Riches.
It is a cardinal theory of Chinese thera
peutics that all of man's maladies are the
work of a devil within him and that to
cure the disease you must destroy the
devil. So the Chinese doctor doses the
patient with bitter herbs, which, presum
ably at least, cure the malady by driving
off the devil, thus killing two birds with
one stone. This ruodus operandi works
well enough with the Chinese if we are to
believe what the Chinese doctors tell us.
With most of us the devil lurks in the
stomach, probably because it is there he
can get plenty to eat. It takes a man of
more than ordinary nerve to conquer his
stomach, but such men exist, though tKey
are rare, like Mahatmas. I ran across one
of them in a San Francisco boardine-house
along about l«80. His name was Boyden
and he was a remarkable man in bis way.
He was apparently old— prematurely
so. He was little, lean and weazen, with
a long, grayish beard liowing down over
his breast and a pair of small, keen, in
quiring eyes like those of a terrier. He
was as sharp as he looked, and he had to
be, for he was a speculator in mining
stocks and mines, and only bright men
could play that game and keep even, to
say nothing about mnking money.
I became interested in him because of
his diet. He sat opposite me at table and
his sole article of food was a dry chip of
beefsteak. This he ate in silence as a rule,
for he was a Spartan in his way and joined
but seldom in the gossip common to board
ing-house tables.
From a neighbor I heard about the beef
steak. Some years before Boyden had
fallen into ill health, and after months of
physical derangement consulted a physi
cian. The doctor gave him a thorough
examination, and after it was finished
proceeded to read Boyden his death
warrant.
"You hare got the diabetes," he said.
"It is incurable, and you are doomed.
You may live some years and you may
drop off in six months, but the disease is
bound to kill you, sooner or later."
This was cheerful. Boyden looked at
the doctor with his keen little gray eyes.
Presently he asked :
"Is there nothing I can do to save my
life?"
"Nothing," answered the doctor; "but
stay ; there is one avenue of salvation, and
that is not sure by any means. However,
as you would not follow it, anyhow, it is
immaterial."
"What is that?" inquired Boyden.
"A meat diet. If you have got the self
denial and resolution to eat nothing but
well-done meat for say a matter of ten
years or so, you may get well."
"Nothing else?" asked Boyden.
"Nothing else." .
"No bread?"
"No bread, no potatoes, no soup, no
coffee, tea or whisky, no milk— nothing
but meat, without dressing of any descrip
tion; not even a thimbleful of gravy."
"I'll do it," said Boyden. without a mo
ment's hesitation.
And he did. For ten mortal years he
adhered without deviation to this diet.
Three times a day he ate his piece of meat
about the size of his hand, dry as a square
of leather. He never had been fat. and
now he began to get lean. His face cot
weazen, his chin developed a bony point,
his cheeks fell in, his clothes got loose, his
chest collapsed, he began to grow bald.
But he stuck to his piece of meat. , His
fellow-boarders reveled in smoking sou;>s,
cool salads, pies, puddings, poultry and
game, tea and coffee, but lie did not flinch.
The odor of it floated up into his nostrils,
but that was all of it he ever not. The in
terdict did not prohibit smelling, so he
possibly derived some satisfaction from
that, though there must have been a large
sized temptation in it. But he went
through the ordeal like a stoic. It re
quired incredible nerve, but he had it. To
add to the misery of it all. even fruit, of
which he was passionately fond, was
tabooed. This was hard to bear. Herois
are made of such stuff.
If be had been one of Priam's soldiers
no wooden horse would ever have reduced
Troy as long as be was within its walls.
He was as grim as a ghost over it, too, and
well he might be. for it was no joke. I
never saw him smile nor beard him laugh,
and I doubt if anybody else ever did.
When such a man starts out to do any
thing he generally does it if it is in the
cards. Boyden conquered the diabetes.
In ten years he was well and couid eat
icecream, and cucumbers, and welsh rab
bit, and chocolate creams, and crab salad,
and anything else he chose. But he for
bore. He knew when he was well off and
he let such things alone. He knew that
meat was his salvation and he stuck to it, ;
with occasional relaxations in the way of
stale bread or a plain soup.
Every now and then some inspired idiot
makes a bet that he can eat a quail at
even meal for a month or two, and he al- ;
ways loses it. In about a fortnight his i
stomach, aided by his imagination, re
volts, and when the quail is set before him
he turns green. But I am firmly con- j
vinced that Boyden could have eaten a I
quail three times a day for a year; for as j
far as fighting his rtomach was concerned j
he was a man among men. His like will
probably never be seen again this cen- j
tury. Any man can fight another man ; it I
is no trick at ail to be a soldier. But ai
man who can tight his stomach and his
nose at the same time for ten years and !
beat them both is monumental. I would
like to inscribe his virtue in this respect
on polished marble, but I can't afford it.
Of course, it was impossible that such a
man should be like other men. One day
he was walking along the street — Mason
street, I believe— thinking of politics or
stocks, or some such commonplace mat
ter, when, without a. word of warning —
without the slightest premonitory symp
tom — the grace of God swooped down upon
him like an eagle and converted him to
Christ on the spot. So he told me in his
simple, unaffected way.
"It came upon me like a bolt from |
heaven, 1 ' he said. "It was a revelation, !
sudden, like an electric shock. I was walk- |
ing along, a sinner. The next second I was
a Christian. It was done for me— l had no
hand in it— in the twinkling of an eye. It
was the grace of God flooding my heart.
Then and there I became converted."
No half-way measures satisfied Boycien.
The ordinary man requires a redhot re
vival to bring him to his spiritual senses,
but Boyden landed there with both feet in
his own unique way. Having become con
verted he made a bee-line for the Salvation
Army barracks and enlisted on the spot.
I was going down to Thk Call office one
raw evening when the first squad of Salva-
t ion soldiers I had ever seen came poking
| along up Sacramento street in the fog.
There were only six of them. They paused
in front of the What Cheer House to fire
a volley and sing one of their old-time
hallelujah hymns, and I stopped to look
on. Five of them were ruddy-faced, Saxon
haired young Englishmen with drum,
| tambourine, and triangle. Before them
I marched a lean, little old man with a long
J beard, carrying a transparency announc-
I ing that the whole town was invited to at
! tend a meeting of the Salvation Army at
j headquarters that evening. It was
j Boyden.
There he was in his red shin and belt
I with his Russian cap, red-banded and con
j spicuous, charged to the muzzle with Sal-
i vation zeal. He could not sing and he
was too old to shout, but he carried his
! transparency with a great, overflowing
! pride wonderful to contemplate. No trifles
like these could intimidate a nan who
had eaten 10,950 beefsteaks one after an
other with nothing in between.
This remarkable man did another pe
i culiar thing. According to common re
, | port he had plenty of money, but when he
i joined the Salvation Army he gave it all
. away. It was a great deed. Even his j
i \ record of 10,950 beefsteaks in ten years did j
, j not eclipse it. He came to the conclusion |
I ' that as he had made his money in finan- i
. ! ciering and mining speculation, and as
, they were sinful, he had no right to that ■,
• money, and if he kept it he was a robber.
i!So he gave it away. He did not keep a
i ' cent. But he did not give it to the Salva
■ | tion Army. He took it back to the per- i
t I sons from whom he had acquired it and i
- turned it over to their astonished hands.!
> "It belongs to you, not to me," be said^
f "Take it. I can't keep ii and have an easf j
i conscience." When he had done this he j
I i did not have a penny in the world.
"I don't care," he said. "The Lord will |
i take care of me. Is not the money his, ;
I I and the cattle upon a thousand hills?
Does not everything in the world beloni:
[ ito him? Why, then, should I keep other
people's money?"
As far as I know he never lacked a good
bed and all he wanted to eat. He was far I
happier without his money than with it.
, To be a Salvation soldier was his life, and
he was a good one. His act of returning
the money, however it may appear to the -
| average man, filled his fellow Salvation- i
I ists with admiration. He was a man after j
! their own hearts. When he got rather too }
old to tramp the cobbles and dodge stones, !
i they gave him an easy billet as quarter- |
master in charge of the army's supply de
pot in Oakland. Here he remained for
some years, a most faithful officer. I never
saw him out of uniform, and I don't be
lieve he had any other clothes. He cer
tainly had none that became him better.
He looked every inch a soldier in his red
i shirt, belt and Russian cap.
I saw him at the army headquarters on
Market street a few days ago. He had
: grown about twenty years younger and
j was actually fat, with an eye like an eagle.
"The Lord cured me," he said, with his
; brown bands on his hips, looking squarely
iat me with the glare of a warrior. "It
[ pays me to serve the Lord. If I hadn't j
' got salvation I would have been dead
: years ago." And he probably would.
He has lately been promoted, and is now
j Adjutant W. U. Boyden. The Salvation
i ists call him "Father" Boyden, and re
i gard him with genuine respect.
Strange Kcccptacle for Human Bones in a .Mountainside Crypt at Guanajuato. Mexico.
DRAWS PICTURES AT
FOUR YEARS OF AGE
The Wonderful Talent
Shown by a Folsom-
Street Infant.
Under Unfavorable Circum
stances He Rivals Gibson's
Earliest Attempts.
Draws F*ne Locomotives on the Side
walk and Striking Figures on
the Dead Walls.
The very latest California discovery in
the way of infant prodigies is that of a
four-year-old artist, who bids fair some
day to rival the Gibsons, the Abbeys and
the Vierges in the field of illustration.
The work of the child wonder is the sub
ject of no end of comment in the vicinity
of his home, and predictions as to his
future are as numerous as the host of en
thusiastic observers of his efforts, while
the fame that, is foreseen by all these
ready-made critics is of a variety as bright
as the coals that keep the flatirons hot
and as glowing as the polished Bhirt-tronta
to which the mother of the astonishing
youngster has imparted the finishing
touches in her little French laundry on
Folsom street.
Mme. Crapuchette regards her little son
Emile as a valuable assistant in affairs of
her household; for, as young as he is, he
is already quite competent to peel the
potatoes, scrajje the carrots, snell the peas
and run errands in the neighborhood; but
Mme. Crapuchette places no especial value
on the artistic genius displayed by her
precocious heir. In fact, Eniile hfts often
given offense by indulging his habit ot
scratching odd caricatures <jn the white
washed walls, and ruining with his black
pencil-marks much good white paper
which might otherwise be put to use in
sending notices to forgetful patrons to the
effect that there has been no recent dimin
ution in the amount of their indebtedness.
And then again, Emile covers the side
walks with chalk figures that sweeping
does not easily remove and that cause
crowds to stop in front of the laundry
door and talk foolishly about Emile being
a "natural-born artist."
It has been remarked by the proprietress
of the laundry that those people who halt
and talk so much about the "genius" of
the young Crapuchette never bring much
work to the establishment, and, therefore,
the madame woulc' be quite as v;ell pleased
if they would go along about their busi
ness.
The truth is that Emile's parents do not
take much stock in what strangers with
-busy tongues call "Emile's gifts."
Crapuchette, it is very likely, is
looking forward to the day when his son
Emile will be able to do much more than
clean vegetables and run short errands —
when that boy shall take bis place on the
delivery cart and exercise nis wits in
drumming up custom for the laundry.
What a disappointment there will be
when Emiie, having grown old enough to
drive the cart and solicit patronage,
straightway washes his hands of the occu-
Dation by which his parents gained a live- j
lihood. And then, how he will surprise '
those parents when he is earning handfuls ■
of gold money by making pictures for the
newspapers and the magazines. Homer I
Davenport's parents up in Oregon didn't
think much of his artistic talent when he j
was merging into his 'teens.
His father even declaied that all Homer ;
was good for was to draw "fool pictures." j
Now Homer draws a salary that amounts i
to more in a week than bis father makes
in a month, and all on account of the
knack of making "fool pictures." Old j
Mr. Davenport probably thought that [
Homer might make an average ranch- ,
hand if he could overcome a certain tired i
feeling that he exhibited very young. The I
old man is still farming. There isn't any
profit to boast of in wheat-raising, but
Homer is just making money hand over ',
fist making "fool pictures." And, without j
doubt, the case of Emile Crapuchette will j
be somewhat similar, with reference to the \
unfulfilled paternal anticipations.
Charles Dana Gibson gave earnest of his
future celebrity when as a child of 8 he
scissored out of paper the figures of man j
and bird and beast with a degree of per
fection that was the marvel of all who wit
nessed the work of his tiny hands. But, j
! then, Gibson had indulgent parents and
! all the comtorts that fair fortune brings.
j His parents bought picture-books by the
j dozen for him; while poor Emile would
I go into an ecstacy of delight if he could
I I only behold the splendidly colored pages
I of just one of those bis paper-backed books
that are sold for a very small amount in
the stores. Gibson had pictures to
draw from and a governess to instruct
. | him in the rudiments of art ; while Crapu
i chette must catch in his mind's eye the
picture of the streetcar as it speeds by or
I of the railway engine as it rushes across
• the street and disappears in the distance
1 that swallows up the noise of the wheels
and the sound of bell and whistle. Crapu
chette must be his own tutor and he must
; copy moving life or nature for his pictures.
! Gibson had fine paper in plenty, while
' Emile must use the public sidewalk in lieu
i of paper or run the risk of bringing down
j the maternal wrath by defacing the walla
which tempt his pencil by their inviting
i whiteness. Gibson had the aid of indul
' gent wealth; Crapuchette the drawback:
i of a denying and discouraging poverty.
Why may not Emile Crapuchette some
I day outshine the fame of Gibson, since the
| genius of the former is, even in the child
'. of 4, making itself known in spite of con
i ditions that put obstructions in his path?
If Gibson at 8 was gold that called for re«
lining, surely Crauuchette at 4 is a dia
mond uncut.
Smile may be seen upon almost any
I sunny afternoon playing about the door of
I the laundry at 1007 r'olsom street. He
j goes bareheaded always and is usually
dressed in a check apron and brownie
overalls. He isn't beautiful, but is won
| derfully bright. His brilliant brown eyes
! show keen intelligence. His complexion
' is Ught, and a rather flat nose mars the
regularity of his features. When a
1 Call man found him yesterday he was
sketching a steam-engine on fcbe sidewalk,
and near him was a box of colored crayons
With which some kindly interested and
[ generous person had supplied him.
"My boy, who showed you how to make
the picture of the steam-engine?" asked
j the newsgatherer.
"No one show me,"' answered the child,
with a decidediy French accent. "I see it
all the time go by."
Then, while the amused quill-driver
! looked on, Emile drew the head of a China
: man with brown and yellow chalk, and
] then made a fac-simile in blue and white
of the sign above the laundry door. While
the child worked a fuzzy-coated dog sat
1 near him, watching every movement of
' the hand that moved the chalk, as if the
I canine really knew what the picture was
intended to De. The dog, by the way, i*
Emile's only street friend. The baby
artist has no child companions, and when
not playing with the do,' he plays by him
self. The do^'s picture may be found in a
i number of places on tne walls of the in-
I terior of the laundry, and, it should be
added, the pictures bear a fair resemblance
to each other as well as to the cur.
The onlooker made a few marks on the
I sidewalk.
"What you do?" quickly inquired
Emile.
"That is a band," was the explanation.
The child laughed with unieitjned merri
; nient. '"That is not hand," he cried.
| "Here is how to make hand." And with
j that he made an excellent outline of a
! hand on the boards upon which he was
; kneeling.
One day a negro stepped into the laun
] dry on business, and while the ebony
j faced man stood by the counter Emile
• took some cake from the box near the
I stove, broke it into powder with the end
j of a flatiron and worked it around on the
j floor with his fingers until he had pro
i duced a profile study of a negro's head.
Some of the neighbors saw the achieve
! ment and showered praises on Emile, but
i as soon as Mme. Crapuchette was diaen
! gaged from some business that had re
■ quired her undivided attention she
i grabbed a broom and dustpan, and, after
! sweeping away the negro profile of black
: dust, cuffed Emile's ears and warned him
| never to be caught in the act of soiling the
j floor like that again. Thus is genius
■ hampered at 1007 Folsom street.
If Emile Crapuchette attracts attention
■ and wins applause at 4, what will he not
; be, in the world of art, if he perseveres
i and progresses until he is 20? If ever
; there was a "born artist" there is one
| surely in the California-born child of
1 French parents, whose very poverty has
I been the means of converting the sidewalk
' into a drawing-table, making a studio of
the street with sky for ceiling, and thus
attracting the attention of thousands,
i among whom some patron may yet bo
i found who will use money and influence
i to the end that Emile Crapuchette may
| have such educational advantages as hia
i peculiar natural bent demands.
The average weight of the brain in
j various nationalities appears from the in»
teresting researches of Bernard Davis to
be as follows: Englishmen 47.50 ounces,
I Frenchmen 44.50, and Germans 42.83.
1920
SUMMER DAYS
AT THE RESORTS
Society Decides Where to
Spend the Summer
Season.
Ro:ms Engaged at the Fashion
able Hotels for June and
July.
The Early Season in the Mountains,
at the S aside and the
Springs.
Everybody who is anybody is preparing for
the annual summer exodus.
Many have already departed for mountain or
seaside, but from all sides comes the report
that the season is unusually late.
Some attribute this to the late closing of the
schools. And while that fact has undoubtedly
much to do with retarding the season, it is
generally admitted that the latter part of June
is none too late to see the country at its best.
The hotel managers are all confident of a
more than prosperous season. Everything is
being done for the amusement as well as"the
comfort of the guests. Tennis courts are in
readiness. Nearly every hotel boasts an orches
tra, and preparations for hops and balls are be
ing lavishly made. Below will be found a
resume of the movements of our society people :
Miss Jennie Catherwood spent a few days
las; week at Burlingame, tiie guest of Mrs.
James Koblnson.
Mr. and Mrs. Elbridge Durham will occupy
their handsome new villa in Mill Valley this
summer.
Mrs. Curry and Miss Frances Curry will go to j
San Kafael for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. Elliott McAllister have taken |
the Dodee cottage, at San Rafael for the sum- i
mer
Mrs. H. M. Newhall and George A. Newhall ;
have taken the Howard cottage at Burliugame j
for the season.
Mrs. N. I. Bowers will spend the summer
months in Seattle.
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Beaver have gone to
Blithedale for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bothin have taken a cot
tage ai San Kiifael for the summer.
The Misses Liiiian, Celia and Belle O'Connor
are visiting iriends in Southern California.
A large party left here last Monday to visit
the Yosemlta Valley. Included in the number i
yore Mrs. Austin Sperry, Miss Mary a. Sperry, i
Miss Beda S. Sperry, Miss Margaret E. Simp- ■
son. Dr. Marciu Cleveland, William Cleveland, ■
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Simpson, Louis J. Simpson,
Edgar M. Simpson, Miss Edith .Simpson and j
Henry Siiiipsnn.
Mr. and Mrs. Denis Donohoe of San Rafael \
ar.e v; X lumath Hot Springs for the season.
Mr. :ind Mr>. John F. Bigelow have taken
a cottage at Sao Rafael i<>r tne rammer.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Borel and the Misses Borel
have left for a European visit. They will
spend the greater part of the tour in Switzer
land.
Mrs, H. C. Woolworth and Miss Helen Wool
worth have arrived in I'aris.
Mrs. John <;. Kittle and Miss Lucia Kittle
returned on Sunday last irom .their European
visit.
Mr. aud Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe have gone
to their place at Menlo ior the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Danforthare atNiipaSoda 1
Springs lor the season.
Mr. and Mrs. K. D. Danforth have left fora !
three months' Eastern trip.
inel C. F. Crocker, Mrs. Frederic* H. 1
Green, >il->s Jnlia M. Crocker and Miss Florence |
Ives have arrived in I'aris. The ladius will re- j
main on the Continent, but Colonel Crocker j
will return here soon with his children and I
]ihs^ the summer at ( astle Cthk.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott returned from England j
last week and was met in New York City by I
Mr. Heott Kiid Miv Cunningham.
Mrs. o. C. I'riat and her son.Orville C. Prati, ;
will pass the summer in San Jose.
Justice and Mr-. Stephen J. Field and ;
Mrs. J. Condtt-Smith, of Wasliiiißton, D. C, ar- ;
rived here last Tuesday. In about three weeks
they will go to Paso Soblea for an extended j
term.
l'rince I'oniatowski, who has been in London j
for several weeks, arrived last Tuesday in New
York, where tie was met by Mr. and Mrs. Wil- j
lium H. Crocker and Princess Pmiiatowski.
Mrs. W. 11. Morrow ana family are spending
two months at Petaluma.
&tr, and Mrs. William Greer Harrison leave;
on the Ist of July for an extended visit to i
Highland Springs.
Mrs. Frank M. Pixley will leave next week to |
pass the summer at her country home in Ross j
Valley.
Mrs. J. L. Moody anJ the Misses Moody are I
at the Gtjysers ior a few weeks' visit.
Mrs. D. E. Allison has left for an Eastern |
visit.
Mrs. C. E. Green and family have gone to San |
Rnfael f«>r the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Son and family are at San ;
Kafael for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe are at Burlingame
for the summer months. They are stopping
with Mr. and Mrs. Joseph- Tobiu.
Mr. and Mrs. Martell, accompanied by Mr. |
and Mrs. Oharlw Stovel, have gone to their i
ranch at Mountain View.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Smith and the Misses i
Smith left Friday for San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip S. tay have closed their
City residence and are occupying their cottage i
in Ross Valley.
AT THE RESORTS
Personal news the Favor
ite Summering Places of
California.
Among those registered at Congress Springs
are: A. Montgomery, Mr*. A. Montgomery,
W. 9. Woolberg and family, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Dusenbery, H. H. Hoffmann, Mrs. Rosenshine
and family, Mrs. Moss, Mrs. Hosenthal, Mr.
and Mrs. George T. Folsom, George McLeod,
Mrs. J. N*. Roberts, Mrs. E. L. Goldstein, Mrs.
S. J. Levy, Miss K. Moran, Mrs. William Gold
stein, E. J. White, Mrs. M. Luchsinger, all of
San Francisco; J. H. Alhnan, Mrs. E. 8. Oil.
Bert an<l Mrs. J. B, lunnis ot San Jose : Mr-,.
V an Winkle and Mrs. Michlee of Oakland.
At the Metrooole Oakland, the following
guests are located for the summer: Mrs. O.
hiiaiier, Miss Shatter, Mr. and Mrs.G. Hunting
ton, Mr. and Mrs. I>. I). Stubbs, Miss Stubbs,
Dr. A. J. Russell and wife, Mrs. 3. C. Palmer,
Mr-. K. Barrett, Mrs. A. A. Barton, Williard
Barton, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Wilson Jr. and fam
ily, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. i?mith, Miss Smith,
Muster W. Smith, William Stubbs, Mrs. K. T.
Davis, Miss Davis, Mr. and Mr<. .1.
W. Hall, J. f. Hill, A. F. Hough
ton, Mr. and Mrs. GlawcoCk, Miss Giasscock,
Mrs. M. Giblin, W. E. Davidson, C. Dahlstrom,
Aldrich Barton, Mrs. 8. W. Wilcox, Mrs. Sill,
Denis Sill, t. Goldsmith.
invitations are out for a hop to be given on
Saturday evening, Juce 580. Music will be fur
nished by Joseph's orchestra.
A bicycle club has been started by the
guests of the Metropole, called the Metropole
Bicycle Club. Long rides to the suburbs of
Oakland are the chief amusements.
At ,*;tna Springs— The arrivuls during the
iia>t week at -Etna Springs include: John F.
Finn and wife, Mrs. J. I). Jones and children,
A. C. Barrie, Dr. D. E. Osborne and wife, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry B. Kuss Mi^s Linda B. Ku<s,
Master luyo Ku's:-. Mm. Henry 8. Russ, Mrs. J.
<;. Chown, Mr. and Mrs. pied Tonner, Mrs. Asa
R.Weils, Gus Herget, C. Schilling and wife,
William Giselman, Columbu* Bartk-tt and wife,
Mrs. Frank M. Wilson, Raymond Van Wilson,
Mrs. E. H. Davenport, Berkeley; Francis
Sievers and wife, Lomites; Miss Louise Gra
hmn.Miss Virginia Graham, Miss 1). Duke La
Kerr, St. Helena; Rev. iticnard Wylie, O. E.
Moore, Napa; A. H. .-heakley, Angels Camp;
T. Robertson, Portland, Or; Oliver Tupper,
Benicia.
At Paso Robles— Mrs. John Spreckels and
Mrs. (enter will spend the «umnier at Paso
Robles. Mrs. Volney Spaulrting is being very
much benefited by her visit to Paso Robles.
Among those registered at the springs are:
George Coney, Miss M. A. Weaver, Mrs. Graham
Lemon, Mrs. Charles McDonald, Miss MeDon
ald, Miss Clara Taylor, W. 11. Taylor, Mrs. M.
Hecht and danghu-r, Mrs. A. Ro-s and sons,
Mrs .Solenz Spuulding, Mrs. Reynolds, Mrs.
J. I). Sprocket*, Mrs. J. N. Center, Mrs. M.
Hecht, Miss Heclit, Mme. Boos and sons
Mr. A. Rom and wife, Mrs. Isidore Swarlz,
Mi-ses .Swtirtz, Catherine Van Reed, Captain
William Pool, Georjre Bonny, Webster Jones,
Miss Clara Taylor, F. A. M.'ason, R. Boas. A.
Bruno, M. Sli laden, A. Herman, F. W. Johnston,
C. L Bmythe, M. J. Tulley, J. Wolf, Major and
Mrs. McLaughlin, Miss McLaughliu, Sam
Rucker, Raynwn Body, C. O. King, E. EftCqet,
w. a. Fredericks, M. Londress, Mr. and Mr.-. J.
Sachs, li. Newman. <;. H. Rice, Miss Birdie
Rice, A.F.Jack, I. M. Stork, P. <\>rb'itt, S.
Loughrin, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bechtell, Mrs. Wil
liams, Miss London. Mr. and Mrs, JacJt«on lay
lor, Mr. and Mr*. J. Williams, Mies Williams,
Mr. ari<l Mrs. Johns.
At Klamath Hot Springs— Late arrivals at
Klamatb Hot Springs include: W. H.Carroll,
O. H. P. Sheets San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
Denis Donohoe, San Rafael; Mr. ami Mrs.
Frank Maskey, San Francrsco; Herman F.
Hiller, Arthur Meyers; Mr. and Mrs. H. W.
Scott, Miss J. Scott, Portland; Willian N. Wil
son; S. S. St:tes. Craier Montgomery, 0. H.
Rothe, Sam Goldman, San Francisco; R. V.
Moore, Ed Erchisl, A. A. Wise, Chicago; Charles
Martin, Yreka.
At Mark West Springs— The latest arrivals at
Mark West Springs are: Mrs. L. Markus, Mrs.
Planz, Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Stone, Mr. Anderson,
wife and child, Miss Porter, Sa i Francisco;
W. Gale and wife, Berkeley; J. Vaughan and
wife, J. Hancock, San Fruiicisco.
At Soda Bay— The following have registered
during the past week fit Soda Bay: H.Cun
ningham, OaKland; Mr. and Mrs. Butler, San
Rafael; C. G. Bilioke, Los Ann es, James
Donahue, San Francisco: Miss L. Rickard, San
Francisco; Miss Minnie Daniels, Effinuham,
III.; F. F. Ogle, Merced, Cal. ; L. O. McKelly,
San Francisco; Ase Hammerman, San Fran
cisco; A. D. Mißryde. University of California;
Miss Louise Carrington, San Francisco; J. A.
Buck and wife, Snn Francisco; Mrs. W. E.
Foster, Honolulu; G. A. Marshall, Honolulu;
Hon. P. Kawley. Oakland.
At Cazadero— The guest-list at Cazadero in
clude* Charles Sehroth, wife mid daughters, Dr.
W. 11. McLaoghlln, wife and son, Mrs. Nat T.
Messer, Miss Marie Griffin Messer, Mrs. Thomas
D. Kionien, Mi« Mamie Riorden, Miss Sallie
Fields. Miss Susie Wells, William H. Weils,
Miss Josej'hinc Jans>on, Mr. and Mrs. E. C.
Auks, M. R. Stevenson and wife, Mrs. Charles
R. Havens and daughter, H. Fonden,
Mi^s Bates, Berkeley; A. R. Bardwell, F. R.
Bardwell. Central America; F. W. Sharon, W.
Sharon, Berkeley; A. F. Williams, Howard G.
Avery, L. W. Foss, U. C, Berkeley. Among
those" expected are: Mrs. John McCotd, fam
ily and party, San Francisco; Mrs. W. I). Fen
nimoreand family, San Francisco; Mrs. Anna
C. McLean and party, San Francisco; Mrs. F.
11. Massey and lamfly, San Francisco; Mrs.
Charles W. Fox and family, Oakland; Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Havens, daughter and party, Oak
land
At Highland Springs— The following are the
arrivals for the past week at Highland Springs:
Mrs. X. C. Miller, Miss Lois Miller, Nevada
City; Miss M. E. Miller, Dr. F. \V. Skaife, Mrs.
J. M. I.itchtield and family, R. C. Vose, F.
Graham, J. Harris, San Francisco; Mrs. J.
Ingalls, Mr. and Mrs. T. Ingalls, Mrs. Will
Ingalls, Healdsburg; Mrs. James Kruse, Santa
Rosa; Fred Merchant, San Francisco; Miss
Bertha Morrow, Healdsburg; D. CJark, San
Francisco: David Clopton, Alabama; Mr. and
Mrs. M. J. Balfe, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. Howard
C. Holmes, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. F.
Brassey.San Jose; M. J. Manor, Lytton Springs;
Mr. and Mrs. j. A. Buck, San Francisco; Mrs.
M. E. Foster, G. A. Marshall, Honolulu; Mrs. S.
E. Slade and family, San Francisco; G. W.
Meyers, Lakeport ; Sirs. H. C. Bolileman and
child, Miss Clara Peterson, Jacob Palmer. Mrs.
D. Cutter, Mrs. Atthowe and fami.y, MissGene
vieve Van Amringe, H. A. Van Amringe,
San Francisco; P. M. Watkins, Oakland;
R. S. Gee, Alameda; Hon. William R. Dainger
field, Mrs. William P. Daingerfiold, Mrs. D. W. |
'.uptill, J. E. Collver, Mrs. W. L.Locke and fam
ily, Miss E. V. Kisher, Gerald Lyons, San Fran
cisco; Henry Schwartz, Oakland; John C. Col- j
lins, Mrs. Allen. J. Vanderholsen, S*»n Fran- :
Cisco; Mrs. D. J. Lynch and son, New York; F.
F. Kenuey, Petaluina; Major A. D. Grimwood,
Mr>. F. A. Lux, Miss Selma Lux, Mrs. F. E.
Eaton, Miss Stella Eaton, Earl Wilson, John
W. Pearce and wife, Johu H. Kelley, George
Gregg, Carl H. Winterburn and family, San
Francisco; Mrs. J. E. Henry, Miss C. B. Tiiling
hast, Boston, Mass.; B. L. Elliott, H. H. Elliott,
William Nacker and wile, Mrs. \V. Frese, C.
Goecker, San Francisco; Mrs. F. Walsenlieim,
Carl May, Blue Lakes; E. L. Auzerais, Mrs. j
Ratye, San Jose; S. Atterby and wife, M. E.
Archibald, Mrs. Ruby A. Koot.J. de la Mon
tanya and wife, San Francisco; Mro.J. A.Me-
Near. Mrs. Lulu Egan, Petaluma; F. D. Hold,
K. 8. Walsh, J. T. Boyd, San Francisco.
Highland Springs is about lull, and tents are
being tmt up to accommodate its large crowds.
Everything is now running to its full capacity.
At Duncan Springs — Those registered this
week at Duncan Springs. Mendocino County,
are: W.J. Eardley, wi:e nud child, Santa Rosa;
Mrs. John Reed and daughter, doverdale; W. ;
B. Farley, Santa Komi; Mr. ami Mrs. W. K. j
Damon and child, Seminary Park ; C. Hofuian, i
A. B. Maclellan, Ukiah ; Miss J. T. Sullivan,
Miss Annie Suhivan, Miss Minnie Sullivan,
Miss Mabel But li van, William Lang and wife,
Miv lieeker, K. Meussdorffer and wife, San
Francisco; William Fredenekson and wife,
Mr. Frederickson Jr., East Oakland. The
bridal party who partook of their breakfast
consisted of: Mr. and Mrs. William Walker, j
bride and groom; Mr. and Mrs. E. Josejili, Mr. :
and Mrs. Paul Joseph, Miss Ruth Joseph, Miss }
Eleanore Joseph, Mi.is Irene Taylor, Mrs. B. j
Ohm, Miss Eisie Ohm, B. Ohm, P. Joseph, !
Ukiah; Mr. Moore, San Francisco; B. Joseph, I
Miss Ella Hollingsworth, Ukiah.
At Bartlett Springs — Among the arrivals at :
Bartlett Springs are: C. A. Thurston, J. T. I
llintz, Jacob Palmer, W. H. Baker and wife, D. I
W. Boyd. William Harfst, C. Martin, F. Mohr- ;
miinn, Mrs. M. E. Chase, H. L. Wood, San Fran- I
el SCO ; Roger R. Deir, Guatemala; John Burke, :
George Watson, Mrs. Delia Puckott, F. X. Kal
licker and wife, Capiain J. N. Condrey, M.ss
Mnrtha Condrey, Sacramento; Mrs. J. A. Mc-
Neur, Mis-s L. M. Egan, P. P. Taylor, Petaluma;
C. Rosenbaum, Meridan; J. N. Enochs, Wheat
land; E. J. Brown, M. W. Gleason, Charles W. ;
Walter, Wilbur Walker, of Oakland, are here \
on their wheels; Mrs. William Jackson, Oak
land; Louis Clarke, Mrs. M. Strother, Grimes;'
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Lovelace, Maxwell; W. Q.
Bair, Santa Clara; George Twigs, ChprlesGreen,
Qppei Lake. Among the many who have en
gaged rooms for the summer are: C. W. Clarke
and wife, Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Buchanan, Charles i
W. Smith and wife, Sacramento; Soi Lewis and ,
daughters. Judge and Mrs. Daingertield. Judge i
and Mrs. Erskine M. Ross and son, Richard ;
Chandler and wife, San Francisco; M. S. Davis
and wife, Santa Rosa; Mr. and Mrs. Max
Brooks, San Francisco.
At the Sea Beach— The following San Fran- i
ciscans have reserved rooms at the Sea Beach j
fur the summer: Mrs. Lee, Mrs. Crawford,
Mn, Overhalser, Miss Sutro, Mrs. J. M. Roper, j
William Loewy, wife and family; Mrs. R. Sam- !
son'and family, J. H. McDonald and family, !
Mrs. D. Peyser, Mn. Morris smith and family, '
Mr.-. S. Newman, Mrs. C. P. Huntington, E. H.
Prentice, wife and son; Mrs. L. Strauss and
family; Mrs. Leon Guggenheim, Ralph Brown ;
and wife, Mrs. W. L. Asne and family, M. Hy- j
man and family, Henry W. Hyman aud fam- ;
ily, Miss Kohlman, Judge Naphtaly and
family, D. M. Delmas, Mr. Thompson, Mrs.
Charlotte Clark, E. K. Clarke and Mrs. E. Wan- j
gennelm.
At the Tallac House— All is lire and bustle at !
the Tallac House. The charming weather of the j
past week is having its effect on tne arrivals, j
in fact, the temperature is high, having j
reached 72 degrees at 7 o'clock a. m. on Tues
day. The new hotel will be an additional at
traction, lit by electric lights. The enlarged
orchestra, which ha* begun concerts already,
will furnish music for dance and concert. The
fishing this season promises to surpass any- !
thing for years.
At the El Monte— The following registered
this week at the El Monte Hotel. Sausalito: I
Mrs. A. T. Spivey. Lloyd Spivey, A. D. Robbins
and wife, Miss Maud ilonney, Miss (trace Bon
ney, F. A.L. Roberts Dr. Max Sichel, Dr. G. W.
Sichel, Miss Madeline Sichel. Fred O. Heyden- I
feldt, Miss Gage, Miss S. Griffith, G, H. P. Shaw, |
Mrs. E. Heymans, Professor W. V. Plise, Dr. F. ;
F. Lord and wife, A. G. Booth and wife, Mrs. J. |
L. Williams, H. G. Plsyfair, L. Kullman, Ed
win Berl, R..Plasberg and wife, Charles Nhu
man and wife, Mrs. T. H. Howe, E. G. Case, M.
Light, G. W. Lunt, Chris ¥. Frye.
At the Vendome— The past week was indeed j
a most brilliant one at this charming caravan
sary. The weather was perfect and the nights
cool. Tne grounds never looked more inviting
than at this present time. The lawn tennis j
courts present a very animated appearance i
nearly every afternoon. During the past week '
Vendome music hall has been the scene of ]
three hops, all of which were well attended by !
the elite of the Garden City. The orchestra i
still retains its popularity.
App ications continue to arrive and with |
pleasure the management looks forward to the |
banner year In the history of the Vendome
Mrs. George H. Lent, accompanied by Miss
Mamie Hooker, are enjoying the hospitalities
of the Vendome for an indefinite period.
General Barillas ot Guatemala, Central
America, accompanied by his party, enjoyed a
few hours at the Vendome.
Mrs. George C. Snreve of San Francisco, ac
companied by MJss Bessie Shreve. are pleas
antly domiciled at the Vendome for several
weeks' rinit.
Frank W. Fuller paid the hotel a ilying visit
the past week.
C. li. Hooker and wife are registered at the
Vendome.
W. li. Harrub and wife of Oakland, accom
panied by their two charming daughters, Mrs.
W. A. Kenney and Miss K. Harrub, have re
turned home after a most enjoyable visit with
Manager Snell.
Mrs. Barroilhet of Redwood City, accompa
nied by Miss Thompson of San Francisco,
spent the past weei at this hostelry.
Oakland was represented the pastweek by
the arrival of Charles N. Fox and F. 8. Adams.
At the Hotel de Redwood— The following i
people have arrived to spend the summer at '
Hotel ds Redwood: Miss Alsie L. Jordan, Miss
Edith Treanor, Miss Alice Treanor, Miss Love
land, Mr. and Mrs. \V. B. Welhnan, Rev. F. R.
Farrand, wife and child, Mrs. Cohen and two
children, Miss Grace Leavenworth, the Misses
Culltn, Rev. T. L. Randolph and wife, Mr. and
Mr». Fred Willis, the Misses Piper, the Misses
Richards, Mr. and Mrs. T. Arnoi, F. D. Hat
man, Miss Anna Hatman, Harrie E. Wood
ward, Bert Kleinhaus, F. Heywood. A. G.
Henry, Herbert R. Hicks, Dr. Russell 11. Cool,
Dr. Walter F. Lewis.
Ladies' Iteceptlon.
Madame Tully, at parlors 38 and 40,
Baldwin Hotel, will hold a reception from
1 p. m. to 4 p. m. Monday, June 15, to ladies
who wish to see the effects of her thermo
electric treatment for removing wrinkles.
Several ladies who have undergone the
treatment will be present to testily to the
efficacy of the treatment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
THE PAST WEEK
IN LOCAL SOCIETY.
The Season Closes With a
Peal of Wedding
Bells.
Miss Ella Hobart Chooses Her
Bridesmaids and Maid of
Honor.
Miss Claire Tucker and Philip Wil
liams to Be Quietly Married
Monday Evening.
Wedding bells and orange blossoms have j
occupied society's attention during the past i
week. Instead of superstition dying out, as ',
savants claim it is, the superstition regarding j
the June wedding at any rate is gaining a
firmer foothold than ever.
Since the duwn of the Ist of June no day has
been without its wedding. On Wednesday of !
the week just past four weddings kept society j
circles active.
The nuptials of Miss Florence Hammond
and Stanley Addeiley tilled St. Luke's Church i
Wednesday at noon with a large and fashion- |
able assemblage. It was typically a spring
wedding. Roses bloomed on the altar, and the i
pretty bridal attendants were attired in dainty i
gowns of white mull or pink silk. Their !
white mull hats, coquettishly raited on the j
side with a bunch of pink roses, were ex
tremely fetching.
At the wedding or Miss Nickerson and Mr.
Parker, solemnized at the residence of the
bride's aunt, Mrs. Lee, on Geary street, the j
elite of the Central American Colony was <
largely represented. Many pretty old fash
ions were revived at this wedding that made !
it most picturesque as well as attractive. Con- j
cealed in the wedding cake were a ring, the
symbol of marriage; a dime, of wealth, and a
thimble, of industry. After the ceremony the
bride's health was drunk in tiny goblets of
sherry poured by the bride from a decanter
that had served similar purposes in the young
wife's family for the past 200 years.
The nuptials of Miss Cogswell and J. H.
Samml was a charming home affair. About
100 friends of the happy young couple assem
bled- at the Cogswell residence on Clay street i
to make merry at the marriage feast. Mr. and '
Mrs. Sammi have gone East on a bridal tour.
The Sicbe-Stauf wedding was quite the most j
elaborate eventof the week. Ihe Siebe resi
dence, which is one of the most admirably ap- i
pointed homes in this City, was lavishly j
adorned with a wealth of sweet peas. The
bride was attended by her sister, Miss Chrissie
Siebe, and Mr. Berg was best man. Mr. and
Mrs. Stauf received very many elegant and
eottly presents.
Mis< Ella Hobart is very busy completing the |
preparations for her wedding to Mr. Baldwin,
wbfeb is to be solemnized at San Mateo in
July. Miss Juliette Williams is to be the maid
of honor, and Miss Mary Eyre, Miss Jessie Ho- !
bart and Miss Florence Mills, who is now on j
her way home from Europe, the bridesmaids, j
Invitations to the wedding are to be limited.
The wedding of Miss Alice Bonner and Ar
thur Pavvson took place last Wednesday even
ing at the home ot the bride, 1114 Post street.
Miss Bonner is the daughter of the late Charles !
Bonner, and Mr. Paw.ion is secretary of the
United States Smokeless Powder Company, i
Only a ft-w relatives and intimate friends wit- j
nessed the ceremony, which was performed by !
Rev. C. L. Miel of Sausalito. Miss Stella Locan i
was the maid of honor, and the Dridesm«ids '
were Miss Geraldine Bonner and Miss Mnrtha I
Wagner. Arthur Wallace acted as best man. j
After the wedding there were congratulations,
followed by a supper. Mr. and Mrs. Pawson |
left on Thursday to make a southern trip, and
when they return they will reside at llli Post '
street.
The wedding of Miss Claire Tucker and Philip
Williams will take place next Monday evening
at the residence of the bride's mother, 2114
Vallejo street. Miss Tucker is the daughter of
Mrs. j. C. Tucker, formerly of Oakland. Mr.
Williams is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wil
liams of this City. Only relatives and a few
intimate friends will be present at, the wed
ding.
The wedding of Miss Anita Williams Banna
han and John A. Stauton look piace last Tues
day evening at St. Patrick's Church In the
presence of a tew intimate friends and rela
tives. Rev. Father P. J. Quinu officiated. Mi-s
Lizzie Monahan was the 1 bridesmaid and Major
Charles T. Stanley acted as best man. Mr. i
Kanton is the well-known artist of this City
aud his bride was one of his pupils. Mr. and
Mrs. Stauton went to Mouterey'on their honey
moon.
The golden wedding celebration of Mr. and I
Mrs. Cornelius Van Schelluyne Gibbs will take !
place next Wednesday evening at their resi- j
dence, 722 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter C. Campbell gave a j
dinnerparty last Wednesday evening at their |
residence on Turk street, and entertained M«\
and Mrs. W. H. Mills, Judge and Mrs. Isaac Bel- |
cher and Mr. and Mrs>. J. K. Wilson.
The Misses Morrison of San -Jose gave a j
dinner party at their home last Saturday even- j
ing in honor of their guest, Mi-s Bellinger, i
daughter of Judge C. B. Bellinger of Portland, I
who returned to Oregon on Monday. The :
others present were: Mr. and Mrs. B. D. Mur
phy, Mrs. Woods, Judge E. M. Ross, Judge W. |
B. Gilbert, L. 'i. Nesmith, Mr. Alvord, Mr. Find
lay, Colonel Moorhead and Judge Houghton.
The wedding of Miss Mary Frances Huuter I
of Newport, R. 1., and O. B!iafter Howard j
of Oakland took place last Wednesday aiter
noon at 2 o'clock at the home of the brine's I
mother, on Rhode Island avenue. The bri le
is the youngest daughter of Mrs. Thomas R.
Hunter; a niece of the late V\ . Hunter, who
was First Assistant Secretary of State at Wash
ington, D. C, for more than halt a century; a
THE CORONATION OF THE SUMMER CZAR.
[Adapted from the Not York Herald.]
granddaughter of W. Hunter, the American
Minister at Brazil ior many years, and a niece
of the late Captain Charles Hunter, U. S. N.
The groom is the son of Charles Webb Howard
ot this City and of Mrs. Kmma Shafier Howard
of Oakland. He is a grmiuate ol Harvard.
Karl Howard, (he groom's brother, whs best
man. The bride's brother, William R. Hunter,
i gave her into the kcepinc of the groom. Rev.
Edward L. Buckey officiated. A large recep
tion was he:d after the ceremony. The wed
ding presents were nunu rous and very valua
ble. For the present Mr. and Mrs. Howard
will reside In New York, but later on will come
j to this City.
WEDDINGS
dartelme - coleman and the
Brennan-Riley Nuptials Cel
ebrated Last Week.
John P. Bartelme and Dorathea A. Coleman
were married in St. Dominic's Church on the
morning of Saturday, the Gth inst., Key.
Father Duggan officiating. The bridal party
arrived at precisely 8 o'clock, followed by a
large party of friends. The organ pealed forth
the music of Mendelssohn's wedding march as
the happy couple proceeded to the beautifully
decorated altar, where the solemn words were
pronounced that made them man and wife.
Miss Kittie Dempsey acted as bridesmaid
and Andrew Coleman as best man. Alter the
ceremony the entire party r epaired to tne
residence of the bride's parents, 2114 Pine
: street, where an elegant lunch was served,
i followed by social festivities suitable to the
joyous occasion. The affair was informal, no
, invitations having been issued owing to the
recent illness of the bride* mother, notwith- '
standing which the spacious . parlors were j
j crowded with interested friends" and many
i beautiful and costly gifts were received. The
bride and groom left the City on the same day j
for an extended tour through the Northwest, j
The marriage of John V. Brennan and Miss '
Mary E. Riley, which took place at Ocean View
Saturday evening, May 23, in St. Michael's
Catholic Church, was a particularly pretty one.
The little church never looked more attractive.
Flowers were everywhere that good taste could I
I suggest, thanks to the organist, Miss L. Hilgar,
' assisted by Miss Kate Garacena and Mrs.
O'Hare.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the bridal party en
tered the church to the strains of Mendels
| sohn's wedding march. Miss Gertrude Clancy
preceded the bride as maid of honor, followed j
! by Edmund Brennau, brother of the groom.
When ail had taken their places at the altar j
the Rev. Father Cooper read the marriage ser- i
vice, at its conclusion presenting the bride
with a handsome prayer-book, the gift of a
! friend.
I A reception followed at the home of the j
I bride's parents. The bride wore a handsome j
j gown of cream nun's veiling. The corsage i
I was high, with bouffant elbow sleeves, trimmed
j with duchesse lace and moire ribbon. The
veil was attached to the hair with a diamond !
pin, the gift of the groom. She carried a
bouquet of lilies of the valley. The maid of j
honor, Miss Gertrude Clancy, wore a cream
nun's veiling costume with bouffant elbow
sleeves.
The corsage was slightly decollete, the space |
being filled in with three rows of cream j
duchesse satin in puffs. At the waist was a soft ;
i fold of the satin, terminating at the back in a
bow, with ribbon-cut ends. A diamond locket
and a bouquet of bride's roses completed the. i
costume.
Among those present were: Rev. Father •■
• Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. M. Rlley, Mr. and Mrs.
I J. E. Fay, Edward Brennan, Miss Gertrude !
] Clancy, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Taylor, Edward !
j Riley, Miss Lizzie Riley, Master M. Riley, Mrs. I
i S. Cox, Mr. ana Mrs. T. J. Kelley, Mr. and Mrs. :
j P. Broderick, Miss Kate Kennedy, Mrs. J. K. !
I Walsh, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. McLaughliu, Mr. and
Mrs. Gallagher, Miss Gallagher, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Moran, Mr. and Mrs. McCormick, Mr. and
Mrs. Stelling, M. L. Kelly, Miss Geuevieve Kelly, j
Mr. Woodley. Miss Jenkins, Mrs. Young, Miss i
I Jennette Graham, Mr. and Mrs. A. McDonald, !
; Miss M. Walker, John Clancy, Mrs. Traverse, |
Miss Maggie Traverse, Joe yon Weyl, Miss
Annie Shannon, John Farley, Miss* Mamie :
| Farley. Sadie Farley, John Murphy, Miss Grace j
I Cosgriffe, George Clancy, Miss Essie Brown, L.
j Brown, Thomas Baldwin, Mr. Estrelletti, Mr.
) Covelli, little Sadie Bowers.
The parlors in the home of the bride's mother
at 1130 Pine street were most beautifully j
decorated when Miss Grace Nagel became Mrs.
i E. A. Hunt. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. Dr. Buck bee on Wednesday evening,
| the 3d inst. The bride was attended oy her
,; sister. Miss Florence Nagel, and the groom y
1 an old friend in the person of Mr. Will Henry. \
i Among the guests was the' Hon. George T.
; Bromley, who has been a most intimate friend
of the bride since »he left school and entered
I into the employ of Shainwald, Buckbee & Co..
I where she has been engaged as bookkeeper
I and assistant cashier up to the preseut time.
Among the many costly presents was a most
1 beautitul chest of sliver presented to her by
her late employers. Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Hunt
are spending their honeymoon in Lv Honda
ana will reside in this city on their return.
—
IN THE FUTURE.
Announcements Made of Fash
ionable Club Reunions and
Private Gatherings.
A benefit entertainment and ball will be ten
dered to Alexander Donaldson by his many
j friends at B'nai B'rith Hall on Saturday even-
I ing, June 20.
The Tuolumne County Reunion Association
will hold its regular annual picnic on Wednes
day, June 17. All Tuolumneites and their de
j scendants are expected to meet at 10 a. m. in
j front of the music-stand in Ooitien Gate Park,
j each being provided with well-filled baskets.
i Adjacent i<> the concert grounds are rustic
i tables and benches, where at 12 M. a.l will re
i pair to (iisti:ss the contents ol iheir hampers, j
! At 3 p. m. literary exercises will be held at the j
] music-stan t. At 4 o'clock election of officers !
for the ensuing year will take place. The
i present offers of the association are: L. L.
j Nelson, president; Mrs M. Crane (Mnry Mc
! Lean of Columbia), vice-president; Mrs. I. M. !
kallnck (Minnie Street of Sonora), secretary ; :
Mrs. C. P. Ford (Miss Markley of Shaws Flat), j
treasurer.
The Western Addition Athletic Club will
give an entertainment and dance on Thursday
evening, Inne 18, at Franklin Hall, Fiilmore
; street, iu.ir Bush. This being their initial
| effort at entertainment the members are spar
ing neither expense nor pains to make the
I affair a gtana success.
Mr. ami Mrs. A. Kronberg of 1614 Turk
street wi.l receive their friends this Sunday
afternoon, from 2 till 6 o'clock, in honor of
the twenty-fifth anniversary ot their marriage.
SURPRISE PARTIES
AGAIN POPULAR
Many Clever Devices to
Make the Surprise
Complete.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge, I. 0.
0. F., Successfully Surprises
a Sister.
Hamilton Surprise at Elmhurst — The
Long, Connell and Pearl Sur
prise Parties.
A very pleasant and enjoyable surprise birth
day party was tendered to Mr*. R. (Jerbes on
Friday afternoon at her residence. 432 Cedar
avenue, by the members of Walhalla Rebecca
Lodge, I. O. O. F. Mrs. Gerbes was presented
with a beautifully framed photograph of the
members of the lodge.
Among those present were Mrs. Suhr, Mrs.
Affolter, Mrs. Jburg, Mrs. Kicolia, Mrs. Him
melman, Mrs. Wenderoth, Mrs. Strohmeir,
Mrs. Weichhardt, Mrs. Mane Trost, Mrs. Koch,
Mrs. Feyhl, Mrs. Marks, Mrs. Bock, Mrs.
Wessling, Mrs. Emilie Hildebrand, Miss Minnie
Becker, Miss Bettie Joost, Mrs. H. Barthold,
Mrs. Droeger, Mrs. Fleishmann, Mrs. H. Nibbe,
Mrs. (i. Hufschmidt, Miss Annie Xibbe, Miss
Kmina Nibbe, Miss Anna Hildebrand.
An enjoyable surprise party was tendered
Mrs. P. J. Long Saturday evening, May 23, at
her residence, 2213 Pine street, in honor of her
birthday. The parlors were tastefully deco
rated for the occasion. Singing, dancing and
games were indulged in until midnight, when
the guests adjourned to the spacious dining
halls and partook of a sumptuous repast. After
supper the guests again adjourned to the large
parlors, where dancing ana games were re
sumed until the wee hours ot the morning.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. P.
J. Long, Mr. and Mrs. W. Ahem, Mr. and Mrs.
Cronin, Mr. and Mrs. T. Bradley, Mr. and Mrs.
8. Nichols, Mrs. Kerrigan, Mr. and Mrs. Joe
McCarthy, Miss Dolly Harris, Miss Mamie
Long, Miss Maggie Kelly, Miss Mamie Farrell,
Miss Jennie Calkens, Miss Sarah Ahem,
Miss Annie MeCnrren, Miss Lizzie Connell,
Miss Annie O'Connell, Miss Maggie Mc-
Closky, Miss Rose Kelly, Miss Mamie Gor
man, Miss Nellie Holleran, Miss Gertie Cronin,
Miss Hetty Miller, Miss Ella Cronin, Albert
Peacock, Harry Edwards, Hugh Long. Harry
Nolan, J. T. Long, John McCormick, Joe
Leahy, Edward Blanchard, Patrick McCarthy,
Thoiria* Kent, Charlie Ford, Edward McCarthy,
William Long, Joe McCarthy, Joseph Long,
James Hanley, Frank Calkens, Percy Daly.
A surprise party was tendered to Mr. and
Mrs. M. Connell at their residence, on Twenty
fourth street, near Hoffman avenue, last Sat
urday evening. The Darlore were decorated
with roses and evergreens, and the gardens
surrounding the house were illuminated with
lanterns and presented quite a picturesque
appearance. Singing, dancing and games
were kept up to a late hour, which was fol
lowed by a grand march, alter which all ad
journed to the dining hall.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Connell,
Mrs. Cavanagh, Mr. and Mrs. Leitch, Mr.
and Mrs. Westphale, Mr. and Mrs. T.
Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. T. Ward, Miss
Mac ConnelJ, Miss Gertie Conned, Miss
Lucille Nelson, Miss Rose O'Rourke, the
Misses Alice an I Eva Cavanagh, Miss
Hattie McGrath, Miss J Walker. Miss Maggie
Gallagher, Miss M. Cronin, Miss Mac 'fully, Miss
Kate Clancy, Miss Mac Sullivan, Miss Beil Mc-
Donald, Miss Bessie Coyne, the Misses F. and
A. Conway, Mis- Lizzie Vialoceda, Miss Pierce,
Miss R. Witioup, Miss Mulcuhey, the Misses
Tanniaus. Miss~Tto<ikin, Miss S. Kane, Miss A.
Kampos, Miss A. Lavin, Miss L. Brown, Miss
O'Connor, Miss A. McAvoy, Joseph Connell,
Charles and Rob Cavanagh, Mr. Kelleher, Mr.
Flint, Dr. Partr dge, Dr. Singleton, Mr. Lv
Tortune, J. Black, G. Cavanauh, D. Wren,
11. Mclntyre, J. Dillon, E. Torpey, P. Me
. Swiggen, T. Kelly, J. Kilroy, T. and M.
Grennan, J. Cronin, J. Skelly, R. Gilbert, J.
Brooks, M. Gautner, J. McCormack. J. Nelson,
Tom Brown, T. Slevm, T. Brown, Mr. Kearney,
W. K«-dian, George Richardson, C. Ludlow,
Mr. Kenny, Mr. Dixon, F. Dillon, Mr. Welsh,
T. Dunn, B. Seize, Frank Clancy, Mr. Ladd, A.
Campbell and others.
A very charming and thoroughly successful
surprise party was tendered to Mr. and Mrs.
Pearl at their residence, 153 Octavia street, on
Sunday evening, May 31. The evening was
pleasantly passed in singing, dancing, games
and recitations. At mi mighti night the orchestra
played a march for supper. The guests ad
journed to the banquet-room, where an ele
gant repast awaited them. After supper
speech-making was indulged in, Max E. Licht
acting as toastraaster Credit is due Miss
Aniia Pearl for the very efficient manner with
which she managed the affair.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Pearl, the
Misses Anita, Rosie mid Bessie Pearl, the
Misses J., 8. and Enid Lyzna, Miss Elsie Conn,
Miss Bertie Appleton of San Jose, Miss Bessie
Weiustein, the Mis>es Aureliaand Ella Mosher,
Miss Mercedes Alphonso, Mr. and Mrs. Lyzna,
Mr. and Mrs. Ostem. Mr and Mrs. Schnell, Mr.
and Mrs. Weinstein, Max E. Licht, Max Pearl,
J. Hassen, E. Peiser, A. Gordon, William Bes
«er, S. Snow, S. Goldman, 8. Goldoerg, J.
Alphonso, C. Ludlaw, W. Kenny. T. Hopkins.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Master Robert Hamilton at the home
of his parents at Elmhurst, Alameda County,
last evening.
The house was appropriately decorated for
the occasion, and the young fellow, who has
just seen 17 summers, was agreeably surprised,
upon returning from an errand, to find the
house filled with smi.ing and happy faces to
make him remember nis seventeenth birth
day as one of the most enjoyable instances of
his life.
Among those preseitf were the Misses Stuart,
Miss Maud Page, the Misses Carter. Maggie,
3o»ie and Eva, Miss Willie Bronvon, Miss
Moggie Moran. Miss Lillian Swalley, Mis< Sadie
McGi.l, Mrs. Hamilton, Harlie Ballerd, Ed
Ballard Joseph Hamilton, Robert Hamilton,
Charles Humilton, Jesse Swalley, Andrew
Moran, George McGill, William Carter and
Wiiliam A. McGill.
After indulging in literary exercises, musi
cal selections and dancing the guests repaired
to the dining-room at midnight and ptir'ook
of a sumptuous repast, while the martial
strains of music from an orcn-stra stationed
in the hallway permeated the house and gave
a healthy impetus to the appetites of the
Dancing concluded the evening's jollifica
tions and all in all the party was one of the
social triumphs of the year at the pretty little
town of E.mhurst.
\most enjoyaMe surprise party was given
to Master Earle King Wednesday night. 'I hose
present were: Mi«s Nettie Cox, Miss Laura
Terry, Miss M. Fisher, Miss K. Kidfi, Miss B.
Gilchnst, M.ssE. Smflle, Mi-s Hattie Murnny,
Miss Georgia Powell, 0. Eailbach, H. Henry,
G. McGee, G. Meyers, N. Stone, F Chandler, 11.
Hervey. N. Ciarke, M. Howard, D. Sutherland,
Louis Marks.
HOME GATHERINGS
A Number of Birthday Anni
versaries Pleasantly
Observed.
Mrs. Elizabeth Cordray gave a very enjoy
able birthday party in honor of the sixteenth
anniversary of Miss Beatrice Carroll, at her
residence, 853 Folsom street. Those present
included John Lynch, Miss Beatrice Carroll,
John Jones and wife, Mrs. Lizzie Cordray,
David Spowert and wife, Miss Olsem, Mrs.
Brown, Miss Ida Barren. Miss Ray Barron,
Miss Lena Barron, Miss May Carrigan, Mrs.
Rose Sheldon, Miss Maggie Williams, Miss
Irene Jones, Mrs. Kate Carroll, William Car
roll, Warde Miller, Frank Jones, John Wil
liam, Dan Calligan, Carl Hook, Hector Lynch.
Frank Burke. v ;,l '
A very pleasant reception was given to Miss
K. McGrath lust Monday evening at the resi
dence of her parents, 411 Lou street, in honor
of her eighteenth birthday. The parlors and
ballroom were beautifully decorated with
flowers and evergreens. During the evening
several songs and recitations were given.
At midnight a sumptuous banquet was par
taken of, during which several toasts were
drank in honor of the hostess. After supper
dancing was resumed.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Graith, Miss Smith and Mr. Danskin, Miss
Cullen and Mr. Andrew, Miss Bernstead and
Dr. Richards, Miss A. Hayes and Mr. Schwartz,
Miss Dan skin and Mr. J. McQuade, Miss Wal
lace and Mr. W. McQuade, Miss Shamphreaux
and Mr. Grote. Miss P. McGratn and Mr. Mc-
Quaid, Miss E. McGrath, Miss Kirby and
Mr. Wallace, Miss Egan and Mr. C. Goodell,
Miss Kiley and Mr. C. Drady, Miss Tarn and
Mr. Martin, Miss Grote and Mr. Neil, Mr. and
Mrs. Swall, Miss Schwartz and Mr. Moro. Miss
K. McGrath and Mr. Lavrin. Miss Chamapin
and Dr. Dickman, Mr. Shamphreaux.
Miss Anna £. Daly, the talented young
actress and elocutionist, introduced a class of
her pupils to a select audience at her parlors
on Hayes street last Friday evening in a reci
tal of selections from well-known authors.
The performance was creditable alike to
teacher and pupils ana was weU received. The
programme was as follows:
"Marguerite." by Whiitter Miss Ada White
'•Sam's Letter," from "Pickwick Papers"
...Miss Georgle Spicher
"Lost and Found" Miss Tina Daly
"A Modern Sermon"
Miss Frances Van Keynegom
"The Angel's Story," by A. A. Proctor
Miss Bessie Gowan I
"Jimmy Brown's Sister's Wedding"
' Miss Rosamond Merhan
"Order for a Picture," by Alice Carey
Miss Alice C. Van Keynegora
"A Receipt for a Cuke" Miss Ada White j
"Maud Mull er" Miss Georgle Splcher
"Mrs. Kuggleg' Dinner Party" Miss Tina Daly
"Happy .Little Cripple" „
M iss Frances Van Reynegom
"The Duktite Snake" Miss Rosamond Merham
"Hezekiah Bedott"
Miss Alice Carey Van Reynegom
"Mrs. Younecouple lias * Caller".. Misses Bes
sie Gowau and Frances Van Keynegom.
"To-morrow at Ten," by .Nora Perry
, Miss Anna Daly
"A Boy's Mother," by James Whitcomb Riley.
.... , Miss An Daly
A very successful high jinks was given by
William Hoehna at his home, 2 Cumberland
street, last Wednesday evening. It whs given
in the spacious gardens, which were illumin
ated with myriads of Japanese lanterns. The
Valoo Club of string instruments occupied the
large summer-house in the center of the gar
dens and furnished sweet music during the
evening. A special feature of the occasion
was the singing of topical songs by William
Donaldson. " , • , ,. J v
. The refreshment tables were under the super
! vision of Henry Kuhls, who ably assisted Mr.
Hoehua in making the affair one not soon to
be forgotten.
Among" those present were: H. Bach, J.
Bach, H. Brardfeldt, C. Buck, H. Bergman,
R. Bergman, D. Bue.lna, F. Berbert, G. Berbert,
H. Colford, P. Colford, G. Dannals, C. Freund,
A. Freund, J. Fetz, W. Fischer, C. Gumbel, A.
Graft, B. Fischer, G. Gunther, C. Huffschmidt,
L. Huffschmidt, J. McCarthy, W. Hoehna, A.
Hoehna, E. Johnston, W. Johnston, G. John
ston, E. Hesseler, C. Hesseler, W. Donaldson,
I P. Crausker, W. Jones, J. Jolly, H. Kuhls, F.
i Malone, O. Eichholz, E. Wagner, R. Wagner,
! W. Wagner. N. Smith, A. Kenzie, E. Linforth,
I F. Scbroeber, C. Schneider, W. Marks, G.
Becker, C. Hauser, W. Hostermeyer, A. Kauf
man, E. Haller.
*
ENGAGEMENTS
Young People Who Will Help
to Swell the June Matri
monial List.
Cards have been issued for the wedding of
Miss Esther Quinlan and F. J. Donnelly, to
take place Wednesday evening, June 17, at
St. Mary's Cathedral.
The wedding of Hattie E. Coleman and Al
bert Mensor will take place on June 14, 1896,
at the residence of the bride's grandparents,
705 McAllister street.
PERSONALS
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Kelly have returned Irom
a visit to the East.
Mrs. Wyman, the wife of C. F. Wyman,
the wealthy orchardist of San Jose, and her
granddaughter, Miss Gracie Neff. are on a visit
here ana are stopping at the Grand Hotel.
Miss Blanche tx. Nixon of Santa Barbara and
Mrs. Duke Baxter of El Montecito, Santa Bar
bara County, are visiting at the Macdonald
residence, 2219 Scott street. Mrs. Baxter was
formerly Miss Hilda Macdonald.
Mrs. Benjamin T. Lacy and family have gone
to their country place near Redwood for the
summer.
E. Silverstone and wife have removed from
628 Su'ter street to 112 Lyon, and arc at home
the third Wednesday.
s. Silverstone and wife have removed from
1136 Turk street to 112 Lyon. They are at
home the third Wednesday.
Mrs. D. H. McDonald of Seattle, Washington,
is here on a visit to her sister, at 36 Casselli
avenue.
Mrs. Sol Getz of 507 Devisadero street will
discontinue her afternoons at home until after
the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Allenberg and family have
moved from 507 Golden Gate avenue to 1136
Page street. Miss B. Allenburg will be at
home. the second Tuesday of each month.
Mrs. Henry M. Samish of 1326 Scott street
will discontinue her afternoon at home until
after the summer.
NEW TO-DAT.
"LET HER USE
Lola Montez
Creme .
. If she wishes to keep off her face
a freckles,
Ft sunburn,
m^iF TAN."
■ijJlaZ?^ This advice was given by a lady
<T"* ». y r: jg^ who knew what . she was talking
about, and was a deserved tribute
to this wonderful Creme. 76c a jar at my parlors.
Sent postpaid.
GUARANTEED TREATMENTS
This week , for wrinkles, pimples, coarse pores,
inud'Jy and sallow complexions. -
TT?T AT. Ladies out of city sending
-LXtXiIJJ this ad. with 10 cents in
Tit yV stamps, will receive a book of
J-*vJ.A. instructions and a box of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
And a Box of Face Powder Free.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DJEKMA'iOLOtiISX,
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco, I'al.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR MOVED BY
. ELLlißll' MOLE. . .
SOME ENJOYABLE
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Fashionable Societies Enter
tain Friends by Vari
ous Functions.
Entertainment of thp California
School of Elocut.on and
Oratory.
Beta Chapter of Delta lota Chi Girls
Attend a Very Pleasant
Tea
The California School oi Elocution and Ora.
Tory gave a most interesting entertainment at
National Hall on Friday evening. The follow
ing excellent programme was well received by
the large and enthusiastic audience present:
Duet, cornet and trombone, "Cheerfulness
Waltz" F. Gumbert
Misses Pearl and Maud Noble.
Monologue, "Naught- Zell" Grlffln
Hettie M. i orlett.
Recitation, "Francesco's Angel" Alt
Esther OL Macomber.
Vocal solo, "Bright Sar of Love" Robandi
Mrs. CharUs Sau ders Middleton.
Pianist. Miss C oral Giloert. 'Cello, Albert Nell on.
Studies in posing, "The Salute of the Lilies,"
'•The Parting of Orpheus and Eurydice,"
'The Death of Virginia,"
Anni- K. McKa , M^bel E. Swee land, Kettle
M. Corlett, Marion FeathPrsion. Anna Kganhofr,
Kur^- A, Moore, Esther C. Macomber, Louie J.
Grat-ber, Lily Harris.
Burlesque, "Talk on Deltarte," with illustrations
Fred L. >haw.
Piano concerto. Opus 69 F. Hiller
Allegro Quasi Fantasia, Andante Kspres
sivo, i-inale: Allegro Con Fuoco.
Sigismund Binmanu.
Beading, "The Lotus ta;ers" lennyson
Anna Egenboff.
(Illustrated with poses-plastiquet by Lottie
J. Graeber, Mabel E. Hweetlaod,
Ruby A.Moore.)
Recitation, "A Buffalo Hunt in Chicago".. Furniss
K. Frances Luse.
Karce. "A Likely Story" Howells
CAST.
Mr. Willis Campbell Fred L. Shaw
Mr. Arthur Welling Frank I. Kingwell
Mrs. Willis Campbell Mabel K. Bweetland
MUs Ureenway Marlon E. Ktatherston
Jane Bertha Brosius
Btatue group, '•Good-night"
Annie R. McKay, t-sther C. Macomber, Anna
bgenhoff. Ruby a. Moore.
A tea was given Saturday afternoon, June
13, by the Beta Chapter of Delta lota Chi girls
of the Girls' High School, at the home ol the
Misses Sobey, 3524 Twentieth street. More
than 100 Invitations were issued, and all
present had a most enjoyable time.
The hostesses were Miss Madelon G. Wise,
Miss Hermoine M. Lash, Miss Mabel G. Ansum,
Miss Amy McCarty, Miss Dorothy Spafford,
Miss Monte Duncan, Miss Chrintabei Sobey,
Miss Pearl Clark, Miss Clara E. Kulfshon, Miss
Jessie 3obey and Miss Ada Follansbee.
The young ladies, all in light dresses, looked
charming. Delicious refreshments were served
during the afternoon.
The regular monthly meeting of the Native
Sons of Vermont was held on Friday evening
at Odd Fellows' Hall. The following excellent
programme was much enjoyed by the large
audience present:
Overture, "Battle of Bunker Hill,"
DeLepiane's orchestra
Recitation (selected) Miss U Trautnpr
Fa cc in 1 act, "Aunt Sophia's Summer Hoarder"
Kreclerica (from the City) Miss Ethel Oraham
Tom (; he bogus aunt) Mr. Theo Kremer
Quartet tor cornets selected
M. N. Callender, C. Davis, P. Heed, K. Worth.
"La Favorita," last act Donizetti
Leonora Miss Florence Faircbild
(Popil of Ida Vuienca.)
Fernando Frank Valerga
(Formerly of Tlvoli Opera Company.)
Artificial teeth of prcelain were made in
France es early as 1776". A full upper and
lower set cost a little over £200.
NEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AOENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
LACES
AT AN
IMMENSE REDUCTION!
LACKS
Offered at prices to warrant an
EFFECTUAL -:- CLEARANCE.
■: r Vv.v ; r ___
DRAPERY NETS AND
FLOUNCINGS
In colored and black, 45 Inches wide.
Former price »4. 75. ...n0w. ...53. -•"• yard
Former price »3.80....n0w....»2.25 yard
Former price 53.00....n0w....»3.00 yard
Former price 51. 50.. ..n0w.. ..51. 00 yard
CHIFFON LACES
In fancy colors, 18 inches wide.
Former price 91.00 now 500 yard
POINT DE PARIS LACES
In white, assorted patterns.
4Vi inches wide-
Former price a 5o now 12*Ao yard
3 Inches wide-
Former price 20c now 10c yard
POINT DE GENES LACES
In butter colored, In a variety of designs.
3 inches wide-
Former price 45c... n0w... .....25c yard
5 inches wide —
Former price 700 now -400 yard
8 inches wide—
Former price SI. IO now 65c yard
POINT VENICE LACES
With net top, in butter color, assorted designs.
7 inches wide-
Former price 75c now 50c yard
11 inches wide—
i ormer price 90c. now 55c yard
13 inC'-es wide-
Former price 51. 35 now 75c yard
COLORED COTTON LACES
From 2 to 4% inches wide.
Former price ? sc. now... loe yard
BLACK LACES ,
At a Big Reduction in Price.
208 Ladies' Black Cloth
Kmbroltlered Boston
SHu PI" I HAGS.
Former price*— B3.7 5. S3, 82. 50 and 83
jfcach— now 81.50 Each.
! See •■Chronicle" and "Kxamine.-" for values In
i other departments.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEnRSOU
135, 187, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BKA>CiI STORJB— 742 and 714 Mark**
Street.HSA SWEEPING AVALANCHOF CLEARANCE BARGAINS!**
■ , ' ___^___ . ; , . .. . ■ . — -s=©vo~i©=£*- • - ■' : : . • — — : — : —
PI OAI^ nFDADTMrMTI that we are doing the dry goods trade of the town THIS WEEK'S SPFnTAT S
V>LUAI\ UCrAn 1 IVlllfN I I is a conceded fact, but it is not to be wondered at when the extraor- * nip VYCC-J\ O OrC^l/\LO
• dinary character of our GREAT CLEARANCE SALE is taken into — — - — in-
I AniPQ' rADCC consideration, for its UNUSUAL EARLINESS and the TREMENDOUS HOI JSFFI IPNISH INOS Ftr
LADIES CAPES. SACRIFICE at which everything is being forced out presents OPPOR- nUUDCrUKl>lsnii>U^ CtC.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE C^ES.^at^aclc and navy ladies' cloth, neatly TUNITIES THAT SHREWD BUYERS ARE ' QUICK TO RECOGNIZE .■ '
braided, neck finished with niching of ribbon land lace, worth *3 50, will be closed AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF. We shall continue our great sale of Fine and Medium Table
out at $145 each. -A.t Si 7S That our this week's Offerings Will Create a still greater sensation can Linens, Towels, Toweling, etc., which was such a success last week.
LADIES' single ripple capes, of ladies" cloth, in shades of tan, navy and black, hardly be questioned in the face of the following MARVELOUS BAR- There is an accumulation of Odd Fine Table Cloths, half dozens of
neatly braided, worth $4 50, wni be dosed out at $175 each. GAINS, which constitute only a small fraction of the attractions pre- Napkins, etc., etc., which will be closed out this week.
At 51.90. con +oH hut fa irl\/ niiiQ+rsi+<a thp '^-".'\ ; ' 1 ' "
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, with bright colored lining, handsomely braided, Seniea, DUX Tairiy INUStraxe me . . ; \
c^rfe^ l^^^ 111^"* 11 * 11111 * NEXT=TO=NOTHINQ PRICES PREVAILING! . LEADERS THAT SELL!
-A.t S3. go. ■ — — — — zzz=zzz=m=zzzr=^ .
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, lined with Dresden silk, neatly embroidered, .„_.. „--.„« ninuiniiiiin nnnni. . ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~ "" i 150 pieces STANDARD % PERCALES AND DRESS STYLE CALICOES, I A n
in shades of brown, navy and black; also Single Run>le Capes, of navy blue broad- T I pTIQ I T A PPQ TAPIN MFN SFRNSH MR Rnflßß T A TITPO' WiTCfTICII ' that were BV<c a yard cut to . 4C
cloih, trimmed with gilt soutache in fancy designs, worth $7 50. will be closed out LAUJIIU 1 LAIJIIU ! LAuM ! "itll 0 rUnillOmilO DUUUO ! LAIJIM WAloiS' w»wwo^»f«u, t «w...... ..... I
at $3 50 each.
At __, _._ AT OM-THIRD OF KECVUB PRICES. r ~ A „ : ■ ■ — Balance of our HIGH-GRADE PEBBLE DUCK SUITING, ' fair assort- I 6ic
TAn -A-t 88.00. . Ai VM-IHIUU.VI^taULAKri&IUA. « rn rwi7Aii - > • ment, that was 15c a yard, cut to O 4 C
LADIES' FANCY CAPES, in velvet and silk, jetted or braided, worth $9, reduced to At 10 Tent* a Yard. ' NECKWIiAR. , fc - '■-'•'■- Cents. ■•
$5 each. At iv Lents a lara. At i 3V 2 c 20c, 250 and 35c At 45 Cents.
LADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS. Js^iSfiSwßS . SRSSSiKrSS tB°S«SIS &"* P " "* ""' be .-«.-«, fine grade geass linens. ta ,*,„ .*. T
J. ar( j_ ' ' . price. . and fancy stripes, etc., that were 12^c, cut to I .' '2\>
LADIES' BLAZE h SUITS, made of tan cheviot, skirts all lined, finished with bias 1480 pieces Black, C^m a and a ßut'ter Chan- HANDKERCHIEFS. At 75 Cents.' REAL WOVEN SHIRRED CREPONS, in a grand line of colorings, that 1 mn j
velveteen, worth $7 50, reduced to $390 each. |, y d Applique Black Net-Top £ %££*£,!£££ LADIES' LAUNDERED SB i RT WAISTS were 15c a yard, cut to. / .. g .:.....| 7 2 C
At 85.00. Bourdon, Butter and Ivory Lierre and 5-0 dozen Hemstitched Hand ker- in stripes, checks and plaids, regular l - ; . V,
LA I»I Eff ETC ITS. consisting of double jacket a d lined skirt, in black and navy chev MKSlg l^: . ders at half regular price price $1, will be offered at 75c. j 11-4 GOOD WHITE BLANKETS, nice fluffy finish, well made and warm, I §125
iot, worth $7 50, reduced to $5 each. reduced to' l^l a HOSIERY. that were $1 85 a pair, cut to \sL.£<>
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTEdI^E lined throughout, in black and "At 20 Cents a Yard. ** *&££ Cs'Teamless LADIES' PERSIA^'^ISTS dt h 2 "l&tfy^mtge^^ir S^^^^ost^Sa^^S # A *?*
navy cheviot, and ray and tail stripes and mottled effects, worth $10 50, reduced 1231 pieces Butter and Ivory Lierre and m v rolor Cotton Ind Merino LADIES PERSIAN WAISTS, detach- slightly damaged in their manufacture, tnat cost ?b l-^ a pair to pro »st:. 4 O
tos7 50each. Oriental, Ivory, Cream, Butter and Snrks at half the usual nrW • able collars, Bishop sleeves, regular duce, on sale at v
_ + «*, -> ~r* Black Cbantilly, Black Bourdon and bocks at * a " me usual nee price $1 50, will be offered at $1 25. ~ •
t »mi7o, PTTTmn "**"* »-*•«»*■«-*<->• .-V,^.:-' „ L , Chantillv Guipure, Ivory, Butter and — ~ FINE COMFORTERS, white cotton filling, full size, that were $1 65, cut to I QIOK
j LADIES' SUITS, made of fancy mixed suiting, also navy and black serge Double- Black Applique Laces, regular price OVERSHIRTS. .— — -;$■ . ......... ...V | %)Ji*6O
Breasted Jacket, all lined, skirt finished with bias velveteen, worth $15. reduced 45 C) 50c an 60c, reduced to 20c a yard. At 50c and 75c. .....
to $10 each. «*„..„ 10!ep At 25 Cents a Bl^Ap. 280 dozen Men's and [Boys' Outing LADIES' WAISTS, SoU-finis-ed C- 50 pieces GOOD BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 58 inches wide, that was I 20C
-£Lt 52.43. 1046 pieces Butter, Ivory and Black Ap- Shirts, made of Madras cheviot LADIES' WAISTS, with soft-finisned col- 35c a yard on sale at
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias plique Chantilly; Butter and Ivory and heavy twill shirtings, in a lars, large sleeves, regular price $2 50 ' j
velveteen, worth $4 50, will be offered at $2 45 each. Lierre and Oriental ; Black Net-Top variety of patterns, will be closed and $4, will be offered at $1 50. o _ . _, ™ TT> - « rv -t ottdthwq n .™ . n^ o t,,iic), *h«,f „,»,,» 1 mtrk „_
Bourdon and Chantilly Guipure Laces; out at half regular price. 25 pairs FINE IRiSH POINT CURTAINS, new and stylish, that were ©w) (A
Applique Lace in black ground, em- v $4 25 a pair, cut to „ |tjp6..*/v
broidered'Butter, regular price 65c, 75c , . UNDERWEAR. » *« /^rw ' ~" '
I AHIP^' lAfl^PT^ and 85c, reduced to 25c a yard. . , At 50c, 65c and 75c. At $*- 00 - 150 pieces CHECK GLASS LINEN, Irish manufacture, 17 inches wide, I £!„
LrtUICO JrAWIVCIO. At 35 Cents a Yard. 175 dozen Men's Silk-finished Bal- LADIES' BLACK SURAH SILK well made, that was 10c, cut to I . U4O
_A.t &3 BO 832 pieces Butter, Ivory, Cream and Black briggan Undershirts and Draw- WAISTS, latest style, lined through- '.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of tan, brown, cheeked "and mixed cloaking, pleated or c&nV Ivo^ k knd r BuVr n L d ier?e U and r "V" SiZe *' '' legUlar at^ 01 " WUI * ° RtWd Another lot of * DINNER NAPKINS, good all-linen goods, that were I Q-
rippled hack, latest cut sleeves, worth $6, will be closed out at $3 50 each. Oriental Laces regular price 90c and P l^*- $1 50 a dozen, reduced t0... I . «/w
/%.■*■ <*•=: <-»«-» $1, reduced to 35c a yard. At 65c and 75c. _
LADIES' JACKETS, made ,_ •**■*»»*»-*»*«-»- cloth, tan and gray mixed, .At 50 C ntS a Yard rh 230 dozen Men's Super We : ght Aus- T ADTFS' ,TT At $5.50. P HALF BLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, the large size, that were 15c, | IA, (
LADIES' JACKETS, made of fine cloaking, brown covert cloth, tan and gray mixed, . „, . . ,p ,/ nu tralian Lamb's Wool and Camel's unTwcuir u-ir™ « t t> rut to J-UC
latest designs, worth $7 50 and $S, will be closed out at $5 each. ' 649 pieces Black, Cream and Butter Chan- Hair Undershirts and Drawers LAD SILK WAISTS, of fancy Per- | cutto..... ........|
tilly. Ivory and Butter Lierre and Ori- all size* at half the usual nri>« sian Patterns, Bishop sleeve, latest
entai, Butter, Ivory and Black Ap- * UBueS| ouai p lte " style, regular price $7, will be offered 2 cases FINE WHITE DIMITY, neat hair-line- stripes, that was 25c yard, I IK,,
plique Lace, regular price $125 and r>» T ,^ atssso. cut to •' • X.O\j
$1 50, reduced 50c a yard. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS. CUI l 0 Lll^ ! :
CHILDREN'S JACKETS. FMRROfnFRIF^T O , K ' Atso "; Gs ?V s , Ca « d * 1 ' 00 ', . At *fi=iO leases HEAVY GENUINE XXX UNBLEACHED SHEETING, fully 2J*| ft-
E.IVI 1 U tin Ito I 375 dozen Boys' Sailor Suits, made of - At 3>o.»U. yards wide that was 20c, reduced to I ±O\j
-A.t SI. OO. — v striped linen duck, with Galatea j LADIES' PLAID SILK WAISTS, lined ' — — . -
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, made of blue, tan ana red checked cloaking, from 4to 12 ™ i rlSpMnmrnnirßv "S^ and na C^H J^ n >' ard a . nd and boned, full sleeves, finished with NOTE _ bout 1500 pairs FINE ALL-WOOL BLANKETS, slightly imperfect, at
years, worth $2 75, will be closed out at each. 8 ' 6600 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY. whistle - one-half the regular belt regular price $8, will be offered . ^ui'&r value
n ' , f regular price 15c, reduced to 10c a yard. price. at $(> 50. nan regular vaiue.
{£1/ Murphy Building, J ml/ Murphy Building, J if LI Murphy Building, / i (f(f Wur P h y Building, / (gi/ Murphy Building, J mil Murphy Building, </ ml/ Murphy Building, J
Matter ami Jongs Streets. : Martet and Jones Streets. Market and Jooes Streets. I Market anfl Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Martet anil Jones Street! ; Martet anfl Jones Streets.
GOOD TIDINGS OF
GREATER NEW YORK
Many Californians Winning
Fame and Fortune in
Gotham.
The Golden West Still Helping
Along the East With Its Sur
plus Talent.
Lady Sbolto Douglas Entertains the
Bowery Dudes With High
Kicking.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9, 1896.—
You can't stop them. In line with a \
great many other successful and fame- ;
gathering Californians comes Chester j
Bailey Fernald, another San Franciscan. !
Of late he has been doing some very clever
:-hort stories for no less a publication than
the Century and for the months of July
and August he follows himself in the same
magazine. For the former month his
story, "The Port of Doom," appears, and
immediately afterward "The Year Seven
Thousand." His book of short stories,
containing ''The Cat and the Cherub" and i
others, will be out in August. Mr. Fernald
has just returned from Bath, Me., and will
leave for San Francisco aoon to wed a
young lady of that City, after which the
couple will spend their honeymoon in
Alaska and then depart for Japan, where :
the young writer will devote himself to the )
literature of the Orient. While this parti- j
cular person has written something less
than a dozen stories all told they have I
given him a National reputation and made ■
him one of America's foremost short-story I
writers.
Fred Emerson Brooks, a well-known j
Californian, recited an original poem in
Carnegie Hall on Memorial day. It was
entitled "Picket's Charge," and after two ;
encores were given the poet the poem was •
pursnased by one of the leading maga
zines.
Colonel Harrison Gray Otis of the Los
Angeles Times, after swooping through
McKinley's region and visiting Mark
Hanna and friends in Washington, ar
rived in New York on the 2d. He will re
main here and talk politics at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel until the convention opens
in St. Louis, after which he will be among
the party warriors.
Colonel H. H. Boyce, formerly manag
ing editor of the Los Angeles Tribune, and
later of the Arena Magazine, Boston, is
now at the business head of a magazine
called the Lotus, located at 156 Fifth
avenue. His daughter, Neith Boyce, is in
the editor's chair.
* » *
Holbroofe Blinn, son of Nellie Holbrook
Blinn, one of California's active women
suffragists, has closed his theatrical season
here with Etfie Ellsler and will return
home next week. So far as I hear, he has
not accepted any further engagement for
next season. Mr. Blinn was one of the
Auzerais troupe that starred through
Alaska some months ago, starting from
San Francisco.
H. S. Allen, at the head of the San
Francisco Press Clipping Bureau, has been
| here tor some days and is about to return
to the land of sunsnine and chrysanthe
mums, with his pockets full of contracts
and his heart full of glee.
The World has the novel plan of "elect
ing twelve representative women to render
a verdict after all the testimony is in at
j the Flemming poisoning case. Among
j those women known to Pacific Coasters
j one finds Mrs. Clara Foltz and Mrs. Theo
j dore Sutro. Susan B. Anthony will prob
ably be selected as foreman of the jury.
Mrs. Leland Stanford sailed for Europe
■ on the Ist, whither she goes to enjoy a rest
after the successful termination of her
case, with which every Californian is
familiar.
Lawrence Archer, who left San Jose
some time ago for New York, is at present
connected with the telephone company
here and is residing at the Gramercy Park
Hotel.
Tne approaching marriage of Philip Ver
rill Mighels and Mrs. Ella Sterling Cum
mino, both of the Pacific Coast, is an
nounced for June. Mr 3. Cummins will be
remembered as the author of "The LiUle
I Mountain Princess" and "The California
■ Story of Files," a volume which contains
| the most complete and well-connected
| history of literature fever written in the
West. Mr. Mighels is the author of a re
cently issued volume of verse, entitled
"Out of a Silver Flute,"- which has been
well received.
Both the prospective bride and groom
were born in the land of the setting sun,
where their fathers were pioneers. They
met each other in San Francisco, where
| strangely enough their parents found one
another years before. They will make
their home during the summer on Long
Island.
Mrs. Fred O. Barto, a member of the
| San Francisco Portia Law Club, Is spend
! ing the summer months with her uncle,
J General W. P. Hazen, in Thonotosassa,
j Fla. On the occasion of the general's
seventy-ninth birthday, which was appro
| priately and plentifully celebrated, Mrs.
; Barto recited several selections, introduc
■ ing tragedy, comedy and character, to the
; delight and satisfaction of the general's
| friends and acquaintances, most of whom
were present.
* * »
While the atmosphere of these United
j States is reeking with politics I suppose
one might be permitted to sneak in a little
fact that the uncertainty of our finance
has literally knocked the staple market
higher, or lower, rather, than it has been
for years. Provisions, oats, corn and
other necessaries have almost touched the
price of production sevoral times during
the last week. Wheat, after a struggle,
finally succumbed and joined the proces
sion of lower values. The cloud that is
gathering in the silver States is rolling up
blacker and blacker for the men who are
clamoring for a gold market, ana every
thing is ruled by uncertainty. Threatened
war in parts of Europe and another inva
sion of our gold reserve has staggered
commerce here in New York very consid
erably. Nothing will be certain until
after the election, and even then indiscre
tion may send things tumbling into the
gap of failures. New York appreciates
the necessity of caution, even if it is
merely to re-establish current market
prices.
* • •
1 Loritta Addis Mooney, alias Lady I
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
j Sholto Douglas, is gathering in every
particle of advertising possible. I saw her
come out of Tony Pastor's last night with
Mr. Pastor himself as her particular pro
tector. Two other anglomaniacs were
I along, and after Mr. Pastor deserted the
party her ladyship cut ioose and with a
j wild Western fling of her arms made for a
roof garden, where she gave a free skirt
dance. She took possession of the chap
! pies and later in the evening stopped in
| front of Abbey's Theater (late lamented)
■ and, in the midst of a vociferous and ap
j p'anding crowd, danced as she has never
j danced before. I wonder where Sholto is.
* * *
A local physician has opened a perfum
ing bureau, and New York ladies are
coming to him to have their favorite ex
tracts injected into their veins with hypo
dermic syringes. The point of the needle
is merely inserted under the skin of the
arm and several drops are pumped into
the veins. The result is said to be more
satisfactory than applying the perfume
externally, and for several days afterward
the body exhales a delicate fragrance. It
is getting to be a very common practice
! here, and I have no doubt it will spread
through the veins of ail society.
* • »
Dave Foltz, The Call's advertising man
ager of its Eastern ottices, has just re
turned from a business trip to New Eng
laud.
* * *
Bicycle riders here are prohibited by a
! city ordinance from "scorching" and I
strong young men have had considerable
trouble keeping down to a regulation
pace. Mounted policemen are learning to
ride machines with so much speed that
I there are few instances where scorchers
j have escaped. I was wheeling in Central
Park the other day when suddenly a
scorcher let himself loose and struck
out down the roadway. "One of the
finest" spotted him and gave chase. It
was a great opportunity for the entire
bicycle fraternity that happened to be
present. One of them yelled "let's help
the cop," and in an instant about fifty of
them joined in the mad chase on the
heels of the policeman. Such chances are
not taken advantage of often.
• * *
There is a good story on David Belasco,
once of San Francisco. Since Belasco
wrote "The Heart of Maryland" and
trained Mrs. Leslie Carter for the stage,
instruction for which he is at the present
time suing N. K. Fairbanks for $65,000,
he has been particularly worth mention.
It appears that some time ago DeMille
and Belasco wrote "A Lost Paradise," ana
j in the third act a certain character had to
quote considerably from the Bible. He
began to tire of it, and argued that the
lines were "qneer stuff," and said he
couldn't see where they "cut ice, any
how."
"My dear fellow," said the stage man
ager, "those lines are from David."
"That's what I thought," responded the
actor, "Dave Belasco never could write
two lines of English anyhow."
Bob Davis.
The Smith Alimony Case.
In the report of the Supreme Court's decision
denying an increase of alimony on the appeal
of Josephine Smith, wife of Charles H. Smith,
the Southern Pacific railroad cashier, it was
intimated that the latter had not paid his ali
mony punctually. Tnis Mrs. Smith denies, as
she does the allegation of misconduct and her
lack of control over her son. Mrs. Smith states
that there was never anything but a grievous
quarrel between herself and husband.
Good morning, have you read Tbomas Slater's
advertisement for men on page 8 ?
HIS BONES TO LIE
IN THIS LAND
The Strange Request of an
Aged Chinese Mer
chant.
He Did Not Want His Body Sent
Back to the Flowery
Kingdom.
The Funeral Was Postponed Until His
Eldest Son Could Return
From China.
Ye Lo Di, a rich Chinese merchant of
Lockeford, Cal., died a month ago, but the
funeral was not held until yesterday, as
Di had requested when he saw that his
end was near that his body should not be
| buried until the ariival of his eldest son
from China. But the old merchant fairly
astonished his family and friends by the
last wish that he expressed.
Just before passing away he spoke to
those around him, saying, "I am old.
Nearly seventy-eight years have passed
over my head. I have lived in this land
since I was a young man. My wife lives
here, and this land is the home of my
sons. Now let my old body be buried here
and my bones lie undisturbed for all time
in the land where I have lived."
Several urged old Di to follow the cus
toms of his people and have bis bones
sent back to China, but he was obstinate.
"I have voiced my wish. My bones
must lie in the lana where I have lived.
Let none interfere," he answered.
It is safe to say that no one will disturb
his last rest, for, being wealthy while in
life, he was obeyed and, though now dead,
none will dare to disobey.
Four weeks ago the old man died and
all of the embalmer's arts were brought
out to preserve the body until the son ar
rived from China, where he had gone to
find his bride. The young man returned
a few days ago and the remains were
brought to San Francisco for burial. From
an Oriental standpoint it was one of the
grandest affairs that money and friends
could procure. The body was laid out in
state in the rooms of the Kong Chow As
sociation on Pine street, whiie on Jiren
ham place, near Clay street, the usual
Asiatic religious ceremonies, with the
mourners, the spread of edibles and strange
music, were observed.
A little after 1 o'clock the funeral cortege
started to the cemetery, and in the line
were over forty carriages containing rela
tives and friends. After the body was
properly interred the widow and her chil
dren returned to their home in Lockeford.
Ye Lo Di was among the first Chinese
to come to California. He was then a
young man. Within a few years he was
able to start in business in a small way.
His natural shrewdness brought him in
many a dollar, and by the time he reached
middle life he owned several stores.
Since then he has dealt extensively
in mining securities, and at the time
of bis death was worth a goodly for
tune. By all of his countrymen he was
highly respected, almost venerated, for
his honesty and generosity, in a few
months more he would have been 78 years
of age. Di leaves a widow, two sons and
four daughters.
THE BOYS' BRIGADE.
A Testimonial to Be Tendered to Briga
dier-Cieneral RusneM.
A testimonial will be tendered J. H.
Russell Thursday evening, June 25, in the
auditorium of the Howard-street M. E.
Church, under the auspices of the Fifth
Regiment Boys' Brigade. Mr. Russell has
devoted years of earnest work to the Boys'
Brigades of the State. He has held promi
nent offices in the local organization and
was State secretary for three years. He is
at present in command of the First Brigade
B. B. C.
About two years ago it looked as though
the Boys' Brigade would have to pass out
of existence. Everything seemed against
it. The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union at its national convention in Cin
cinnati, Ohio, in 1894, devoted almost an
entire day to the work of the Boys'
Brigade.
Miss Frances Millard delivered an ad
dress condemning the movement. She
held that it was instilling in the boys a
warlike spirit and not for peace. She
thought that the W. C. T. U. should place
themselves on record as being opposed to
the organization, which they did. Fol
lowing the action of the W. C. T. U., most
of the strongest religious papers of the
East took up the matter, and in not one
single case did any have a kind or encour
aging word for the boys.
Prominent ministers in all parts of the
Union expressed their views strongly on
the question, and the Boys' Brigade was
by no means assisted by their opinion.
The Northern California Conference of the
Methouist church passed resolutions con
demning the movement. The indications
were that the work would have to be
abandoned, and many officers left the
field of battle discouraged and turned their
attention to the work of the Y. P. S. C. E.,
the Epworth League and organizations of
that nature. It was at this time that Mr.
Russell came to the front and, with his
enthusiastic spirit, carried with him the
officers who were willing to face the oppo
sition.
Ministers and leading church members
were interviewed, and after many months
the bard work began to tell. The mothers
and fathers became interested in their
boys' work, and little by little the strong
objections against the organization began
to disappear, until to-day the church
recognizes its worth and church members
are fosterine it. The ladies are forming
auxiliaries for its support.
Officers and members of the organiza
tion say that in a great degree the success
is due to their commander, Brigadier-
General Russell, and they are tendering
him this testimonial as a mark of apprecia
tion. They appeal to their friends to assist
in making this affair a success. The
management of the entertainment is in
the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel S. D.
North, Major R. B. Moore and Lieutenant
A. M. Flood, assisted by the Knickerbocker
Male Quartet.
Found Dead in the Presidio.
The body of a man was found lying in the
brush off the McDowell road, iv the Presidio
Reservation, on Friday. Death evidently oc
curred six or seven weeks ago, hs the corpse
was badly decomposed. Near the dead man
was a pistol, and in one of his pockets was a
small bit of paper bearing the words, "Hot
Springs, Arkansas, 27, 85, Steuart street, up
stairs, number 10." The deceased also had a
business card of the New Kitchen, 651 Sacra
mento street. Inquiry at the last-named place
and at Stewart street elicited only the fact that
the dead man was not known at either place.
trades and tabor Alliance.
At a meeting of the Trade and Labor Al
liance Friday iast a declaration of iU principles
was adopted, with instructions to the secre
tary to forward to aM socialist trades and labor
alliancu in the United States and Canada for
consideration. The question of continuing
the boycott on the Parrott building was unani
mously indorsed.
SUTRO SEEKS A
NEW CONNECTION
May Arrange to Transfer
With the California-
Street Line.
The Road Scarcely Able to
Handle the Traffic on
Busy Days.
President Stetson Disposed to Enter
Into an Alliance With the
Mayor.
Among the probabilitias of the near fu
ture is an arrangement between the Cali
tornia-street cable road and the Sutro elec
tric line, whereby one will transfer to the
other, thus giving another rapid through
line from the ocean to the ferries.
The original intention of Sutro before
his line was opened was to transfer to and
from the California- street line, but for
s*ome unknown reason the plan was
changed.
The popularity of the electric road run
ning to the ocean beach, the Cliff House
and the Sutro baths haa exceeded-all ex
pectations, and the rolling-stock of both it
and its present connection, the Sutter
street line, has proved entirely inadequate
to accommodate the traffic on busy days.
It is to afford the public ample and com
fortable facilities that the arrangement
mentioned is being talked of.
In order to meet the largely increased
travel that is sure to result to the electric
line from this proposed connection, addi
tional oars will be built and these will be
supplemented in some cases with "trail
ers" — that is, an extra coach will be at
tached to the regular car.
Should the agreement be entered into
with the California-street line it will in
no way interfere with the. existing transfer
arrangements between the Sutter-street
and Sutro line, nor with those between
the California-street and the steam line
from Central avenue, operated by the
Market-street Railway Company.
But, in view of the unpopularity that
Mr. Vmm/, by his recent annoying trans
fer system, achieved for his various lines,
it is believed that with the Sutro-CaJifornia
street combination in force there would be
a |heavy diversion of business from the
Sacramento-street and steam line route to
the more popular roads.
Mayor Sutro is out of town, and while it
was admitted at his office that there has
been "some talk" regarding the matter, it
was denied that any formal negotiations
bad been opened.
President Stetson of the California- street
railway, when asked about the matter,
said that a transfer arrangement would be
very agreeable to him and his company,
and' if Mayor Sutro was inclined to bring
about such a connection lie would be glad
to enter into an agreement with him.
It is believed that active negotiations
will begin during the latter part of next
week.
The Khans of Kiva, Khokand and Bofc
hara date the origin of their families back
as far aa the Turkish invasion of Europe.
5 BARGAINS
FOR THIS WEEK!
C Ladies' Tan Boots,
button or lace; very
latest styles; needle or
narrow square toes,
V-shaped tips all sizes
and widths—
Cannot be bought
elsewhere for less than
$3.00.
•vs $1 JK Ladies' Tan Kid Cloth
/s*•■-— -?£\ 'MtW Top . Oxford Ties, nee-
(V™. die toe, V-shaped tip,
w^%>s hand- turned soles; in
. Yf^ v '^v^ all sizes and widths—
s -* »^ at $1.45.
V\l Al ir Misses' Tan Button,
1- f» I (Dla±(/ B P rin E nee^> narrow
I 0- \ square toe, V-shaped
r Misses' Tan Button,
spring heel, narrow
square toe, V-shaped
tip, straight foxed;
/ \^ very stylish and good
f^o^J^i? ?V wearers ; sizes 11 to 2 —
«^- ' \t, (|^k/> Ladies' Russet Oxford.
f^^°~3&r VVV pointed toe. V-shaped
l^ \\ tip, turned soles; sizes
vi .^^vT^^^t 2^ to 7 ~ 95c -
(M AX Ladies' Extra Quality
\> M 11*1 Tan Oxford Ties;
Er~ -ggaS/^ "" band - turned soles,
K^"""" needle toe, V-shaped
V — X :v -^v tip ; strictly latest
\ style in every detail—
1 — ~~^ at $1.95.
, ■■ T~, • ■
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
FOR
a Fine Tailoring
■ •" Y|r Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
j^WL Moderate Pi ices, go to .
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pikes, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
//<^P@ PANTS made to order from $4.0!
§111 SUITS made to order from $15.00
i | ll MY $17,50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
' 724 Market St. 1110 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.  '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
| pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-AT-
i \J l»w and Notary Public, 633 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 67tt Residence lti*J •
feiliu Telephone; »i»lna" 2591.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, sore
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamma-
tions. 60c per bottle, sold by Druggist*
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-50
Wkkkly Call, one year, by mall •• I- 50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
■o, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE. >' -\S;:
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ..Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone • Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
733 lark,?) street; open until 9 :MO o'clock.
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lie Mmli street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
.Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent
' Si ■'■ 7 t;xE 14, 1 896
IHL CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The trouDle with life at present is it is
too conventional.
'There never was a l>ooni in the world
without a sag in it somewhere.
There is a big strain in the Republican
camp, but it is a strain of harmony.
Whatever the financial plank at St.
Louis is it must not be a deal board.
Whenever you find a place that isn't a
convention center it is a summer resort.
The rest they get in St. Louis to-day
will oe only a little more of the same
thing.
Those who said all is over in St. Louis
but the shouting evidently forgot the
platform.
It will be hot in Sacramento this week if j
Bhe intends to temper her weather to the j
shorn lambs.
Th 3 Sauta Cruz festival will be some
thing of a convention where all parties will !
be in the swim.
__,
Before long the air of Sacramento will
lie full enough of fur and feathers to be
used as a bed lounge.
This is the only State in the Vnion
where testivals are mixed with politics
end everybody has a good time.
Whether we have a single standard or a
double standard is of less importance than
to have work, wages and prosperity.
Democrats will figure largely at the
summer resorts this season. The whole
party seems to be taking to the woods.
The name given to the Santa Cruz fes
tival is only a Venetian blind. There will
be a real California frolic on the inside.
There is no use fretting over the Repub
lican convention. It is sure to give us a
prosperity candidate on a prosperity plat
form. _
What perplexes society girl* this season
is to hear so many fellows calling them
selves good party men when they can't
dance.
As the Sutro administration is to leave
tbe City in darkness for two weeks it can
not be said to even hold a candle to its
pledges.
The Democratic party is not naif so
much troubled by a lack of leaders as the
Democratic leaders are troubled Dy the
lack of a party.
Democracy could straddle the money
question easy enough. It is the attempt
to straddle Cievelandism that splits it
clear up to the neck.
As a matter of fact this Democratic swap
from Buckley to Daggett is about the noisi
est and worse transfer nuisance we have
ever known in this town.
It is strange there should oe any dispute
over the platform to be adopted at St.
Louis. What is the matter with the He
publican record as a platform .'
After all the real issue before the people
is to turn tho Democratic fools and
faction lighters out of office and restore to
power the party of statesmen and patriots.
A return to protection will revive the
industries of the country and put money
into circulation, and that will be as good
as gold and ought to satisfy any gold bug.
Bear in mind, Ths Call ia the only
morning paper in ibis City that publishes
the United Press dispatches, a.id if you
wish to keep posted you must get Thk
Cm. i..
The British are no longer talk ing of any
manifest destiny to annex the Transvaal.
They are now looking round for some
kind of special providence that will enable
them to let go.
It is ail well enough for Flover of New
York to talk of the Chicago convention
"drafting some good man to make the
race," but suppose the good man insists
on his right to hire a substitute?
A short time ago the political experts
prophesied the contest at St. Louis would
be mainly over the candidate and at Chi
cago mainly over the platform, but at
pre.ent they are experting it the other
way.
There is ho reason why silver Repub
licans should bolt the St Louis »icket, even
if t.';e platform declares for goUl. Let us
re-establish the industries of vhe country
thh 1 year and we can settle tlie financial
questions later on.
Congress being off his lianas and his
family at Buzzards Bay Cleveland has
ample time to decide whether he will deal
with the Cuban question, try io boss the
Chicago convention or just go ashing and
let the world taice its course.
The Governor of Maine is accused of
having misquoted Moore's line into "Shout
the loud timbrel o'er Egypt's dark sea,"
and now so many people are risking Him
how to "shout a timbrel" that he would
doubtless be relieved if he could shoot the
whole business.
SEE SANTA CRUZ.
The ereat convention at St. Louis and
the less important but not less noisy one
,to be held at Sacramento will engage the
greater part of public attention during the
coming week and will fill most of the
space of the n*«apapers. This, however,
should, Jiot cause any one to overlook the
festival at Santa Cruz, which, beginning
on Wednesday, will close the week with
days of pleasure and nights of revelry and
merriment.
The Santa Cruz fete is unique among
the newly established festivals of the State
and is destined to Become one of the most
I lanious as it is already one of the most
{ enjoyable. Conducted mainly Upon the
water it has all the glamor of beauty and
poesy inseparable from that element.
Launched upon the waves, whether of
lake or river or open sea, man seems to
leave behind with the land more than half
[ the heaviness of life. Borne up on buoy
ant-waters that yield everywhere and yet
everywhere give Bupport there comes that
sensation of floating which is one of the
most delightful that mortals know. Thus
it is that festivals upon the waters have
been more attractive to tbe imagination,
more often pictured and more often sung
than any other. It is the subtle charm of
her canals and lagoons more than her art
or her history that has made Venice dear
to men, "the sweet spot of all festivity,
the revel of the earth, the masque of
Italy."
At Santa Cruz the charm of water is to
be heightened by every accessory of adorn
ment and of pleasure that is known to
i the holiday-makers of our generation.
I Flowers, flags and maidens fair, bands of
| music, parades and dances, far-flashing
lights of a thousand hues and rockets that
will fill the air with a rain of fiery stars —
all these will combine and blend to form a
glittering panorama around the central
scene where over the crystal lake will
sweep the stately pageant of pleasure as
! the Queen of the festival moves amid the
i plaudits of the crowd to take her place
upon her throne and rule the joyous realm.
Of what occurs at St. Louis or Sacru
rnento the average man and woman can
learn all that interests them well enough
by reading Tue Call, but we advise every
body to see Santa Cruz. The exultant
harmony that swells along the Mississippi
| and the noisy chin music that will make
| discordant echoes on the banks of the Sac
ramento can be well «nough expressed in
our reports, but it will be but poorly in
: deed that the eloquence of words trans
lates the rar>tures of the low. sweet strains
that float in the perfumed air above the
i softly gliding currents of the San Lorenzo.
| Those who go to the convention cities will
! pant with heat and fret and fume amid
j the dust and uproar of clamorous crowds,
j but those who go to Santa Cruz will dwell
j amid delights and pant only with joy as
i they "chase the glowing hours with fly
| ing feet."
Soon there will be enough and more
than enough of political excitement for
! everybody. Before the summer passes the
! whole United States will be a political
I convention with every voter a delegate,
and half of them rearing on the stump or
the street-corners bellowing for a hearing.
Before that time comes it will be well for
all who can afford it to recreate them
selves. The Santa Cruz festival comes at
a most apt and fitting time for that pur
pose, it will relieve the tension of the
popular mind over the conventions by its
present pleasures and its suggestions of
good times to come. "There will oe lilting
there," as the old song says, and for every
one who comes a welcome, a frolic and a
California time.
CAMP ROACHE
The good accomplished and the success
achieved last year by the farmers' summer
school, conducted by the State Grange at
Camp Roache, in the Santa Crnz Moun
tains, are sufficient advertisements of its
excellence to assure an even larger at
tendance and better results this year. The
first term was, of course, an experiment.
This term will be something more. The
directors, profiting by the experience of
lust summer, will know how to make the
arrangements of the camp and the con
duct of the school more pleasant and
more profitable in many ways to the
visitors and students.
The school at Camp Roache differs from
most of the kind, inasmuch as it alms to
be thorough and scientific rather than
popular. It offers no enticements to those
who desire to pass a week or two of sum
mer idleness in the woods witn light and
agreeable lectures to entertain their
leisure. It appeals only to those who
wish to give serious study to problems
affecting farming industry. The lecturers
, are professors of our universities and their
lectures are like parts of a university
i course, requiring attention and genuine
j mental work to follow, but yielding due
I profit and recompense to those who do
follow them with comprehending minds.
Summer schools of science, drawing
their attendance from a narrow class of
professional or semi-professional students,
are held in many States, but we believe
California is the only one that maintains
such a school for farmers. This of course
is due to the fact that farming, and par
ticularly horticulture, is more scien
tifically studied here than elsewhere. As
a rule our farmers are more highly edu
cated than those of the East and better
fitted to study all the problems that affect
their interest in a true scientific and philo
sophical manner. Camp Roache is likely,
therefore, to be for some time to come an
institution peculiar to California, and it
will be a matter of State pride to see it
grow from more to more and nourish in
every way.
NOT A LOVE-FEAST.
Some years ago a traveler in Arkansas
en route to Fort Smith was in donbt as to
which one of two roads was the better way
to reach bis destination. He appealed to
a native for the desired information, and
was told that "it don't make no difference
which road a feller takes, for whichever
one ne took he'd wish like the dickens
he'd took t'other one afore he'd gone fur."
This is about the kind of advice one
would have to give California Democrats
as to which road they had better take to
lead them into the confidence of the
peoule. It looks now as though the Junta
would control the convention, which
means that Frank Gould will be chair
man. Mr. Buckley will be allowed to re
main in tbe party if he behaves himself,
but will he?
The ficht between the factions is bitter
and desire for revenge among the Buck
leyites appears to grow keener as the con
vention day approaches. It is not denied
that Mitchell of Los Angeles and Buckley
have been ridden over roagh-shod by the
Junta, but it may transpire at Sacramento
that the Gould following have left a good
many saps open which will be taken ad
vantage of to some purpose by the other
faction.
In any event, however, there is too
much bad blood to make very much har
mony possible, and none at all so far as
State politics and local offices are con
cerned. It is possible that tbe gold stand
ard delegates will let a free silver resolu
tion go through by default, as they are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
perfectly well aware that the Chicago con
vention will declare for bimetallism at the
old standard, but in letting that issue go
by default the inference is that, like a
great many other Democrats, they will
support the St. Louis candidate on the
Indiana platform in preference to the
Chicago man on a 16 to 1 silver declara
tion. But, anyway, factional hatred will
be greatly intensified at Sacramento next
Tuesday.
THE FRIDAY SUPERSTITION.
This i s the nineteenth century, and the
very best end of it at that, but who has
grown entirely away from the influence of
"signs" and other forms of superstition?
Not very many of us. At St. Louis the
question of the importance of the conven
tion completing its work before Friday has
entered the head of ihe superstitious.
The party would have "bad luck," a few
believe, if any important work were done
on hangman's day. Fremont was nomi
nated on Friday, as were Blame and Har
rison when the latter was defeated by
Cleveland, and these incidents are pointed
to to show what a mistake it would be to
defer tue nomination until Friday. Other
wise strong, wise and capable men find
themselves under the influence of old
superstitions, and in every walk of life
they may be found. As for McKinley, he
should avoid Tuesday as tbe day of the
opening of the convention, for Tuesday is
hangman's day in Ohio.
But no one, it may be said, is entirely
free from "the bonds of superstition,"
whether it takes the form of dread of "fatai
days" or a desire to peep into the future
through the eyes of a clairvoyant. From
the night that Saul importuned tbe Witch
of Endor to resurrect Samuel down
through the ages man has been running
after Witches of Endor to ascertain what
he had best do and best not do. Any one
who is thought to have the power of know
ing that "By the pricking of my thumbs
something wicked this way comes" has
patrons in all grades of society. It is a
mistake to suppose that only the poor and
illiterate are superstitious. Indeed, it is
wnat is called the better class who support
"mediums" and me like; nor is it only tbe
ignorant who hesitate to undertake a jour
ney or an enterprise on Friday.
Try as we may we cannot help being in
terested in the delving into the unknown
by those claiming a "gift" for pulling
aside the curtain which separates tne seen
from the unseen. It would surprise the
public to know how many distinguished
professional and capable business men
consult astrologers, mediums and other
alleged agencies for opening the way into
the future that glimpses of coming events
may be had. In fact there are more
augurs, soothsayers, mind-readers and
spiritual mediums in the world to-day
than ever before in the history of the
human family, and, moreover, officers of
the law become supersitious, if that is a
good word to use. Early last year a
wealthy gentleman was murdered in
Brooklyn, N. V., in a very mysterious
way, and after the detectives had failed to
rind a clew, astrology, spiritualism and
kindred keys that are alleged to tit the
lock of the door which opens into the un
seen were appealed to to solve the mys
tery, and the public appeared to think
that was exactly the thing to do.
It is not surprising after all that there
should be found plenty of men attending
the St. Louis convention who would turn
pale at the suggestion that nominations
be made on Friday. No doubt a good
many would be thoroughly disheartened
if such a thins should occur, and go into
the campaign with grave doubts as to the
Riiccess of the party. Such men are to be
pitied rather than blamed, for they were
born that way— could not help feeling so
however hard they might try. But
whether the nomination is made on Fri
day or not, the nominee of the convention
will be the next President of the United
States.
DEMOCRATIC PROSPECTS.
The personal side of the work' of the
convention that is to be held at St. Louis
next Tuesday seems virtually settled. Wil
liam McKinley will head the ticket. This
leaves the platform as the only question of
interest, and even in that it is conceded
the convention will make protection to
our industries the objective point of the
struggle against Democratic rule. As a
consequence political speculation is now
turning mainly to the affairs of the Demo
cratic party. There is no doubt at all that
at Chicago the free silver wing will dic
tate the organization and platform. The
remaining and most interesting question
is, Will the silverites be strong enough to
nominate their man under the two-thirds
rule which prevails in the party's National
nominating conventions?
If they cannot no doubt a move will be
made to suspend the two-thirds rule,
which the majority can do, but it would
be such a glaring departure from a time
honored custom that it would almost be
equivalent to changing the name of the
party. Moreover, such a course would
give the minority a valid right, according
to Democratic custom, to retain the name
of the party, should the wings separate.
To nullify for the time for a specific pur
pose the rule of rules would be an exhibi
tion of tyranny that would be most vigor
ously resented; besides, the parties to it
would practically read themselves of the
convention. It was the dropping of a hint
in St. Louis the other day by a Bland man
that the two- thirds rule would be suspended
that is causing all eyea to turn toward
Chicago.
Those who have watched the maneuver
ing of the bossea of the wings could not
have failed to see th at great importance is
attached to the word "regular" in contra
distinction to the word I: bolting," should
the war between the factions result in the
holding of two conventions. There is
i very much less independence of indi
vidual thought and action in the Demo
cratic than in any other party, and a
"bolter" has always been considered as a
creature who had reached the lowest point
of political degradation. It is admitted
by the Cleveland wing that the silventes
will have a good working majority of the
whole, but it is denied that they can mus
ter two-thirds of me delegates when it
comes to balloting for a candidate. If the
eoldites shall have enough delegates to
prevent the nomination of a silverite
under the two-thirds rule they will be
masters of the situation, because they
would prefer no nomination at all to see
ing a silver man win, while the silverites
are bound to have a candidate or go into
Dolitical bankruptcy. The present out
look is, therefore, that the anti-gold
standard following will have to be the
bolters. Verily the party of Jefferson and
Jackson is composed these days of Demo
! cratic degenerates.
POOR OLD DEMOCRACY
Democrats are straining their gray mat
ter needlessly in their effort to gather con
solation from tbe absurd idea that the
Republican party will go through the
campaign in a perfunctory sort of a way.
it is safe to say that the party was never
more determined to get hold of the ma
chinery of the National Government. The
public affairs of the people have reached
that condition of weakness and uncertainty
tinder Cleveland's administration that the
kind, quality and intensity of the enthu.
siasm in the defense of the country which
the firing upon Fort Sumter aroused is
coursing through the veins of the party.
The necessity of harmonious concert of
action was never more keenly felt by the
party from rear rank to general-in-chief,
and if the Democracy is relying in the
smallest degree upon lukewarmness in the
Republican party to elect its candidate for
| President, it is leaning upon the weakest
j kind of a weak reed.
One need not be a close observer to see
how determined Republicans everywhere
are to rid the Government of Democratic
rule. The wish of Democrats for a rupture
in the St. Louis convention is father of
the thought, but they grossly and igno
rantly misinterpret the " loud talk " of
some delegates to the convention. There
are contesting delegations, of course— that
is always the case in conventions of all
parties, but at St. Louis it is merely playing
for position, and is in no way related to
the purpose of the party to "turn the ras
cals out" ; besides, every member of the
party, wherever he may be, feels that the
time has come when his patriotism com
mands him to enter the ranks and not
leave them until there is not a Democrat
in Government service anywhere, and
Democrats everywhere are notified that
not only is the Republican party en
thusiastic on its own account, but it is
pleased to know that the Chicago conven
tion will send recruits to it in droves.
Not since 1801 has the country been in
greater need of tbe application of Repub
lican principles to the affairs of the Gov
ernment. The question of ample protec
tion to our industries is paramount, of
course, for the first thing for the party to
do when it takes hold of the reins of gov
ernmett will be to start the wheels of indus
try vhat the great wage class may again
have opportunity to employ their skill
and brawn. This of itself is quite enough
to enthuse the party to most determined
action. After that, work will begin all
along the line to repair the damage the
Democracy has done, and there are many
places to be repaired. How could anything
but harmony prevail in the face of such
pressing duties?
In California the enthusiasm of the party
is already conspicuous for its vehemence,
and it is growing from day to uay. No
other conditions could exist in this State —
a State that so much needs to have
tier wool, her sugar, her fruit and her
manufacturing protected from the in
vader. In fact, California is setting
the pace for the Republican party in
all the States, and there is no more
intention of permitting the Democratic
party to continue in power at Washington
than there is of annexing the common
wealth to Mexico. If the Democratic
party can draw encouragement from such
a condition of iuings it is as credulous as
the man who hoped to save himself from
drowning by holding on to a straw.
CONVENTIONAL LIES.
David had rare opportunity to fathom the
deep places in man's character, and from the
fact that he never apologized for saying it it
may be taken for granted that it was not until
after calm deliberation that he said, "All men
are liars." It is true he claims to have made
the sweeping charge "in my haste," but it
needed those three words to round out the
rhythm of that particular song of confession
and thanksgiving. But, anyway, David uttered
a great truth when he said all men are liars.
however much it hurts to hare to stand lace to
face with it and acknowledge the corn. It is
true that the human family is a family of
liars, and it is also true thai the advance of
civilization to higher levels of right conduct
intensifies the desire, or necessity if you like
that word better, to lie, and 1 do not hesitate
to sny that it is altogether right that it should
be so.
Whether we like to admit it or not it makes
no difference. Everyman and every woman
is a Jekyll or a Hyde, as occasion requires, and
I ?ay they should be, for they are not only bet
ter themselves for being so, but those to whom
they appear are better for the deception that
is practiced upon them. No doubt, my good
readers Will say I am paradoxical, but I am not
so at ail. There is no such thing as entire and
perfect sincerity in speech or in act at all
times, nor should there be. It is no exaggera
tion nor is it any reflection upon the integrity
of any one to say that the cement which holds
together the several parts of the social iind po
litical edifices of the community is composed
more or leys of rank hypocrisy. *Iv fact, it has
to be so composed, lor society could not sur
vive the truth, the whole truth and nothing
but the truth a single hour.
But I like Max Nordau's way of telling the
members of the human family that they are
liars better than Ido David's. Nordau 18 no
more a respecter of the forms and customs of
society than David was, but he qualifies his
bold assertions sometimes, which David never
did. David made the direct charge that every
man is a liar, while Nordau, though saying
the same thing, administers a small dose of
soothing syrup before saying it. Still it may
be best, as David thought, to call a spnde a
spade. But David nor Nordau never though* of
being an enemy of humanity, and no truth
teller should ever be so considered. I mean
the kind oi truth-teller that truthfully tells
society all about its lying and hypocritical
manners, methods and customs, not to have
them banished, but to confine all that sort of
thing within the bounds of conventional lying
and hypocrisy. There is r great difference be
tween the conventional He and the lie of the
degenerate; but society harbors degenerates,
as it has to. still it can guard itself against
them, but not by ways and means such as
blunt truth at all times and under all circum
stances. Lies and hypocrisy arc better than
truth and sincerity sometimes.
Perhaps it is a trifle paradoxical to say that
the employment of the methods of the hypo
crite to protect one's self against what might
be the consequence of his own speech or act is
not only right, but is commanded by the law
of self-preservation; but it is true, anyway.
That is a very old aphorism which says
"Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to
virtue." As a matter of fact in society hy
pocrisy and lying are simply the conforming
to conventions that are in themselves distaste
ful, but which have to be observed to main
tain harmony. For the moment one lives and
acts a lie, but is Dot the thread upon which
the beads (customs) of society are strung
made of lies, woven and interwoven? Why,
of course it is. On the other hand, cynicism
should be kept bound by chains of considera
tion for the peace of others. Unrestrained
cynicism sets brother against brother and
friend against friend, in fact the unbridled
cynic rather delights to array every person
against every other person in fierce onslaught
upon character and all else; but the true
cynic never dissembles, never lies.
I do not mean that there could be conditions
or environment that would justify one to
"smile, and smile, and be a villain," but I do
mean that there are times when a lie is better
than the truth; but this every one admits by
action and speech. It is hypocrisy of speech,
but not of the heart, when one woman tells
another that she admires her new gown or
bonnet very much, when she herself would
not be caught wearing either. But is it not
better to bo hypocritical than to wound the
feelings of your friend, especially if she thinks
her dressmaker and her milliner have reached
the summit of art in her gown and bonuet? It
surely is. Of course it is hypocrisy to extend a
hearty greeting to a caller when she comes at
the most inopportune time possible, but good
breeding quickly suggests that the caller must
not know how her call disturbs, and so, out
wardly, the greeting is not only warm, but it is
made to gite the impression to the caller that
she has lone exactly tho right thing
at exactly the right time; but all the
game a lie is being acted. But the hostess
is entirely justified, for had she acted the un
varnished Tilth her caller would have been
deeply wounded. The hypocrisy of the host
est made her caller happy. Good, and no
harm at all, came of the deception ; therefore
did she sia when Bhe acted a lie ? Certainly
not. It is a brand of lie that Is required in
every walk of life— ln society, in church, in
trade.
An ultra fashionable New York lady stopped
en route to church at a friend's house and sent
her footman in with kn invitation to her
friend to go with her to worship at the Cathe
dral. The answer came, "I cannot go to the
Cathedral to-day, for I am already dressed for
St. Mark's." There was no hypocrisy there,
but it came very near excommunicating the
woman who said it; besides, she was charged
by society with being a vain woman of the
world. A small white lie sent down to her
friend in the carriage would have saved her a
world of trouble and many a heartache. Thus
it Is, hypocrisy and lies are the maintainers of
the peace in the social world, and in so far as
they perform that duty and only that duty
they are batter than honestly expressed senti
ments and the unveneered truth. Moreover,
it is not because society is degenerating that
hypocrisy and lies are employed, but quite the
contrary. It shows that civilization is advanc
ing ; that people are becoming more careful
of the feelings of their fellows, and that in
"covering up" they are actuated by sincere
affection and lofty purpose. The world is
Browing wiser and belter.
But hypocrisy and lies that create mischief—
that stab character in the dark— are born of
wicked if not totally depraved hearts, and the
sting of such wretches is worse than that of the
Egyptian asp. Such liars and hypocrites are
the seipents of society. They are the most
hateful and the most dangerous creatures upon
the earth. With such, however, lam not now
dealing, but with the game of deceit that is
played by society for society's best good. Be
it remembered, though, that the hypocrisy
and lies— honest hypocrisy and little white
lies, if you like those terms better— that are
the props of society are not for use in the pri
vacy of one's life— when one is alone with him
self. Prudential or no other kind of lies
should enter there. To, deal faithfully and
honestly with one's own self is to strengthen
the moral nature. Let the moods of one's
mind, when alone, shift hither and yon, but
never in grooves of duplicity and falsehood.
The individual who lies to himself is not as
near goodhood as the beast in the jungle.
Stand before your inner self as before a mir
ror and see yourself as you are when divested
of the mask, gilt and tinsel you wear in so
ciety. If you discover wrinkles and blotches
on the face of your moral character, know
that you have been playing the hypocrite and
the liar with your own self. ARMOXD.
PERSONAL.
C. K. Butcher of Juneau, Alaska, is at the
Ramona.
James Gallagher, the Fresno attorney, is at
the Grand.
Judge E. V. Spencer of Susanville is a guest
at the Russ.
State Senator J.C. Halloway of Cloverdale is
at the Russ.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento is a guest
at the Grand.
Dr. W. B. Rogers of Memphis, Term., is at a
downtown hotel.
E. B. Webster, United States navy, is staying
at the Occidental.
E. T. Earl, the Sacramento fruit-shipper, is at
the Palace with his wife.
State Senator Frank McGowan of Eureka ar
rived at the I.ick yesterday.
Charles W. Seymour, an attorney from Ta
coraa, is staying at the Ramona.
Judge J. P. Coonan of Eureka is among tbe
judicial guests now at the Grand.
Dr. J. \V. Hays, a physician of Grass Valley,
is among the Grand's latest arrivals.
\V. W. Douglass, Deputy State Controller, is
at tne Grand, registered from Sacramento.
i:<m klioM 11. Barr, a journalist trom Frank
fort, Germany, is registered at the Palace.
Lieutenant. C. A. Clarke of the United States
ship Thetis is among the Occidental guests.
Superior Jodgt R. McGarvieof Ukiah arrived
here yesterday and took a room at the Grand.
Dr. G. \V. Wood, medical director at the Mare
Island navy-yard, is a late arrival at the Cali
fornia.
1". C. Apperson, the Santa Clara County cat
tlemau, is at the Lick with his wife. They are
on their way to the Yosemlte.
\V. W. Woodhnll and P. V. Mohun. two
United Stiiles navy officers, were among yes
terday's arrival at the Palace.
J. K. Armsby, one of the Chicago firm of iruit
packers and shippers, is here on a visit to the
local agency. He is staying at the Palace.
Kx-Mayor B. U. Steinmiinof Seeramento, who
is a prominent figure in the Lubin divorce
suit, is among the recent arrivals at the Pal
ace.
E. K. Stevenot has removed to this City. He
was for many years the ''borax king" of San
Francisco, the first manufacturer of borax on
the coast.
Kgerton Davies of England arrived at the
Palace last night. He is related to Attorney
Wright of London, solicitor for Kir Edward and
Liidy Hesketh.
John Buckingham, Internal Revenue Col
lector at Ukiah and a newspaper proprietor in
that place, is making the Grand his headquar
ters for & few days.
('. H. Leadbetter and family of Stockton are
guests at the Ramona. Mr. Leadbetter Is in
terested in some of the most extensive irriga
tion systems on the coast.
Alvinza Hayward. the capitalist and owne:
of a third interest in the great Utica mine
came up from San Mateo last night and tool
apartments at the Palace.
Raymond Benjamin, an attorney of Vallejo,
is in town making arrangements for the Fourth
of July water carnival to be held at Vallejo
next month. He is enthusiastic over the idea
and points with pride to the unrivaled advan
tages his town possesses for such a fete. Mr.
Benjamin is registered at the Baldwin.
The Rev. I. P. Lytton of St. Louis is at the
Occidental awaiting the departure of the Aus
tralia. He was a classmate of Bishop Nichols
at the theological seminary In Middletown,
Conn., in '72, and will visit Bishop Nichols to
day at San Matco. Mr. Lytton is going to Hon
olulu at the request of Bishop Nichols to act
as his chaplain for two months, and at the
same time to seek a mild climate, for only a
week aeo. alter having escaped the St. Louis
cyclone, he had four hemorrhages that have
left him in a very weak state.
Brigadier-General George A. Sternberg of
Washington, D. C, surgeon-general of the
United States army, is registered at the Palace
with his wife He is an old chum of General
Smedberg of this City, and three or four years
ago, before being promoted to his present high
office over the heads of a number of senior offi v
cerß, he was medical purveyor here and had
his headquarters near the Palace Hotel. Gen
eral Sternberg is reputed to be one of the most
scientific bacteriologists in this country. He
and his wife have gone down to Monterey for
a short visit.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., June 13.— Mrs. C. C.
Clay, Miss Annie Clay, Phillip Clay and Mrs.
Margrett St. Clair left the Albert to sail per
steamship Etruria for England. At the Con
tinental—M. P. Hammatt; St. Dennis— D. M.
Harlan and wife; Metropole— G. T. Lamar and
wife; Stuart— W. R. Bernard; Albert— N. C.
Hawks, J. Leibes; Westminister— Miss <:. E.
Hughes, F.G. San born; Metropolitan— A. Boy-
en, F. Stuart; Netherlands— Prince Pontia
towski, W. H. Humphrey, J. t. Nugent, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Rodda. Sailed for England to-day-
Mrs. Alfred Salono of Los Angeles sailed on the
Etiuria. -*
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
English reviewers have suggested both Hei
bert Spencer and James Bryce as the possibl
authors of the anonymous reply to Max Noi
dau, entitled '-Regeneration."
The inventory of the estate of William W
Storey, the sculptor, just filed in the Probate
Court at Boston, shows that he left property
valued at $212,839, $103,000 being in real
estate.
One of the wealthiest heiresses in England is
the Hon. Ella Williamson, the eldest daughter
of Lord Ashton. Lord Ashton has no sons and
only one other daughter. Miss Williamson will
one day inherit about $350,000 a year. and a
fine place in Lancashire.
A French engineer has conceived the idea
of reproducing the house in which Napoleon
lived in St. Helena, as an attraction during
the Paris Exposition of 1900. The house will
be an exact copy of the original, with pano
ramic canvasses representing the natural sur
roundings.
King Humbert of Italy Is. after the German
Emperor, tbe most erratic of European mon
arch:, and up to the last moment the move
ments of Italian royalty are uncertain. The
King hates public functions of every kind.
The Germcn Emperor has 350 carriages in his
stables in Berlin. Of these 100 are for the use
of his suite. The broughams, victorias and
landaus used by the Emperor aud by the mem
bers of the royal family are all painted alike
and are never used by any one else.
A Congregational Church, as a memorial of
John Robinson, the pastor of the Pilgrim
Fathers, is to be erected at Gainsborough, Eng.,
where Robinson gathered his first congrega
tion of dissenters. The church will cost $30,
-000, and Embassador Bayard will lay the cor
nerstone.
The Duchess of York since her marriage has
come into some valuable possessions. Her
dressing - table at York cottage is com
posed entirely of the most delicate china,
fashioned in a design of cuplds supporting
wreaths in white roses (the badge of York) ; in
the heart of the flowers are tiny electric- lights,
which tnrow a soft radiance on the large oval
mirror. The brushes, trinket-boxes, etc., which
lie on the fairy-like table are all of dull gold,
and in every instance "May" is written across
them in turquoises and diamonds.
A DAINTY MORNING SACK.
A luxurious, dainty dressing sack appeals to
all women, especially if the shape itself be
simple, and maybe easily made at home by the
amateur dressmaker. (The model shown here
is seamless in front. The back has but one
form joined to the front by an underarm gore.)
White silk, figured all over with sprays of
yellow blossoms, with a lining of yellow eider-
down, is one of the most dainty combinations.
A jabot of whit** lace, with an edging of the
same around the collar, forms the trimming.
A white flannel with blue stripes lined with
blue China silk had a ruffle of blue ribbon
around the collar with an immense bow of the'
same at the front. A white challie with pink
figures was lined with pink China silk, of
which the collar was also made. The latter
was edged with white lace, which also formed
a jabot in front. The sleeves of this were cut
off just below the elbow and trimmed with a
ruffle of lace.
A violet silk was lined with white flannel.
The collar was of violet and white -striped
silk, of which the cuffs were also made. A five
inch accord ion-plea ted ruffle of chiffou edged
the collar, formed a frill down the trout and
hung over the hands.
For simpler saeques eiderdown and flannel
are used without linings. A simple trimming
consists of three bows of bright ribbon in
front.
THE PHILLED-CREESE BILL.
There are many great issues before th»
Senators, but they prefer to talk about the
tilled-cheese bill.— San Franviseo Call.
some million freemen workless so;
some million women sun with woe;
some million children lark Icr i rend:
BOOM million eyes their tears have shed;
And yet the men whose duty leads
To meet the great Republic's needs
Do chatter, chatter, chatter still
And bicker o'er a tilled-cheese bill.
Oh. petty men of petty ways,
We view your folly with amaze.
Have yon no brain to understand
That want stalks down the weary lan It
No heart to feel, no soul to know . •
The sting and pain of others' woe?
That, while the hosts of famina drill.
You chatter o'er a filled-cheese bill.
Kind nature gives us royal wealth;
John Bull absorbs it for his health. '
We sup with peace, her man. don,
I'm Cleveland's bonds still drizzle on.
lie Muds the burden we must bear
And c'en our children's children share*
While you in drooling folly mill
Do bicker o'er a filied-cheese bill^
From jail to jail an army tramps, -*..,.
While Sbylock faster binds his clamps.
Our palaces of pleasure stand
With hovels hedged on every hand,
How answer ye the Nation's needs'.'
How bind the public heart that bleedst -
List to their answer, ye who will ,
"We drivel o'er a fllled-cheese hill."
— iresno Republican.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"And you will never forget me?" asked the
girl of her lover, a grocer's assistant.
"Never," he said absently. "Is there any
thing more to-day."— London Tit-Bits.
"You have been living too high," said the
physician. "You'll have to stop it."
*;I realize that," was the reply. "Thai's why
I sent for you. Now I won't be able to afford
it"— Washington Star.
Stone— lt is a little odd that one of tbe most
famous French generals should have borne the
name of MacMahon. isn't it?
Graves— lt may te odd. but it is not unique
My wife's French maid is named Moriarity.— .
Cincinnati Enquirer.
His First Round.— The New Pastor(-I beg
pardon, but in what walk of life are you en
gaged?
The Brand— None, sir, 1 am a sprinter!—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"I should think," she said sympathetically
to the young man who acts, "that you would
get tired of saying the same thing over and
over."
"No," he answered with pensive sadness, "it
isn't lhat that makes us tired. It's hearing the
same thing over and over when we ask for the
safuty that never came."— Washington Star.
She— How nervous you were when you pro
posed !
He— Yes, I'm always that way when I'm get
ting engaged.— lndianapolis Journal.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A New Kind.
Fresno Watchman.
When women become legislators there will
be & new kind ef committee clerk.
No Bard Times In Monterey.
Fresno Republican.
Monterey takes the lead in big fish stories,
with a report of three whales taken so far this
season. It is not hard times that the Monterev
fishermen hre blUDbering about.
A Very Live Iftsue.
Stockton Mall.
We should like some of our esteemed gold
standard contemporaries to say in their erst
while gleeful manner, "The silver craze is
dead." \\ ed like to hear how it would sound.
An Appropriation for Houses.
Los Angeles Times.
The Chicago Post expresses great surprise to
learn "that Huntington has not asked the
United States to build houses for him at Santa
Monica, also." It would be safe to wager that
If Uncle Collis had made such a request
Messrs. Frye, Hooker, Hermann et al. would
at once set about securing the passage of a bill
making the necessary apDropriation for the
houses.
Prosperous Oil-Well Owners.
San Diego Sun.
Referring to the oil fire at Los Angeles, at
which 3000 barrels of oil were consumed, the
Times describes the oil men as "struggling oil
producer." Why struggling? They have re
cently raised the price from bo cents to fri ao
b barrel. Was there any struggle about that?
From this distance it appears that the oil
producers are going along as if everything was
greased for the occasion.
Bonds for a Nomination.
1.08 Angeles Times.
'How would it work," asks the Cleveland
World, "should Mr. Cleveland turn over all his
plans for a third term to tbe bond syndicate
and let them secure it for him?" There is no
bond syndicate or any other kind of « syndi
cate that would look at such a proposed issue.
It is already so double-discounted as to be b^
yond all hope of redemption.
A PERNICIOUS EVIL.
San Francisco News Letter.
The nickel in the slot machines constitute
one of the most pernicious evils of the hour.
They awaken in the young mind the gambling
instinct, and are profitable only to their pro
prietors. The best way to get rid of them is to
tax them out of existence. Not until this is
done should parents feel that their children
are beyond temptation to acquire a habit
which may prove disastrous to them in later
years. " ______^_— — —
APPRECIATE BY COMPARISON.
Modesto Herald.
Here in California we don't half appreciate
our climate. Hardly have the Eastern and
Middle- Western States emerged from the snow
and ice of winter than cyclones and tornadoes
have swept down upon them. Portions of
Michigan, Illinois and lowa were ravaged by
Cyclones on Sunday night, and a hundred lives
and much property were wiped out. of exist
ence.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
Dr. Tholozan, who for thirty years acted as
the late Shah's physician, had served for a
quarter of a century in the French army, when,
in 1865, he was sent on a mission to Teheran.
The Shah took a fancy to him, retained him as
his private physician, and could never be per
suaded to let him go.
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
"Mike," said the superintendent, "there is a
dead dog reported in the alley between Illinois
and Meridian streets. I want you to look after
its disposition.''
An hour later the intelligent officer tele
phoned: "I have inquired about the dog, and
find that he had a very savage disposition."—
Indianapolis Journal.
899 75 to Washington, J». C, and Re
turn.
The official exeursiou to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29, at 2 p.m.
and Ban Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of G. W. Cam obeli,
president of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North .Second Street, San Jose, and
William O. Alexander, ex-president of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union, 21 Nortn Fourth
street, San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men or to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco: C. E. Bray, 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; G. F. Herr, 2» South Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Low Rates to Cleveland.
The Nobles of the Mystic Shrine will meet at
Cleveland, June 28 and 24.
For this occasion the Is. & O. K. R. Co. will sell
tickets at reduced rates from all points on its lines
west of the Ohio Kiv.r, for all trains of June 21
and 22. valid for return passage until June 25.
The fare from Chicago will be $8 50 and corre
spondingly low rates from all other points. Ticket*
will also be on sate at all points throughout tbe
West.
The B. it O. is the only line running Pullman
Sleeping Cars bKween Chicago and Cleveland.
For full information write to I* S. ALL EN, A.
G. P. A., Grand Central Passenger Station, Chi
cago, 111.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
.lime 'JO and -Inly 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Tbos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific P.allroad. H. C Rush, assistant general
passenger agent. 61 Chronicle building, S. F.
St. Louis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Northern Pacific
Keilroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
"The Delineatou," the leading fashion maga
zine. July edition with colored plates. The But
terick Publishing Company (limited), 124 Post
street, S. F.
Mothers give Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten
to their children to stop colic and looseness of th«
bowels.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. I/rugglsts sell It at 25 cents.
She (sentimentally)— What poetry there is in
fire!
He (sadly)— Yes; a great deal of my pretty
poetry has gone there.— Toronto Record.
NEW TO-DAY
I
T cm I
£ M I
D M V
R A W^
V W
This week smashes the record. We
crowded lots of bargains into last week's
sales, but it only taught us how to do
better this week. Here they are:
"Bent's" $3 Men's Genuine Calf,
Lace or Congress Kazortoe,
This week only $1.95.
$2 Boys' Veal Calf, ' Lace, Button or
Congress
This week only $1.15
75c Infants' Tan Kid Button, with tips,
sizes 2 to 6 "....-. 50c
91 '25 Child's Tan Kid Button, spring heels,
hand-turned soles, sizes 4to 7 ............ 650
91 50 Child's Tan Uoat Button, stout soles,
spring heels, 6 to loy 2 '....81.15
$175 Misses Tan Goat Button, spring heels, '
narrow square toe and up ......$1.30
$2 50 Ladles' Fine Vlcl Kid Button, patent
leather trimmings, narrow square or
pointed toe, patent tips 51. 50
Can't pay charges to country on
"Drives."
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast/S
738-740 Market Street.EMILEZOLA`S
NEW BOOK.
"Rome" Is an Eloquent
Work of Fine Senti
ments.
Product of a Materialist in
Thought and a Realist
in Art.
He Found in the Eternal City Only the
Vanity of Life Which Vexes
the Spirit.
The first thing to be said of Zola's
Rome is it is an eloquent book. It abounds
with long-sustained passages of fine senti
ments expressed in fine phrases. As a
rule the characters do not talk, but de
claim; they do not converse, but deliver
orations to one another. The work, there
fore, is a distinct departure from the pre
vailing form of novel-writing, in which all
conversation is made short, choppy and
realistic, and is a return to the form which
prevailed fifty years ago in England when
under the influence of Bulwer and Disraeli
the heroines and heroes talked like poets
or philosophers aad poured forth their
thoughts in that impassioned prose which
gave to the novel something of the charm
of poetry while detracting from its
dramatic force.
The second thing to be said is that while
the book has the form of a novel and is
clothed in the garments of romance, it is
by no means to be classed with the liter
ature designed to amuse the leisure hours
of the reader. It is less a work of fiction
than a serious study of the conditions of
life to-day in that wonderful city which
wears the triple honor of being the sur
viving capital of the ancient world, the
capital of the Catholic church and the cap
ital of regenerated Italy. The scope of
the work includes an attempt to depict
every phase of its politics, botn clerical
and national; of its social life, both high
and low, and its architecture, both ancient
and modern. In such a work eloquent
writing was of course a necessity. Tue
modern style of novel could in no wise
adequately deal with the magnitude of the
there c.
It is hardly necessary to say the study is
not one of true appreciation. A material
ist in philosophy and a realist in art, there
is no faculty of Zola's mind in complete
sympathy with any aspect of Rome, and
without sympathy there can be no right
appreciation of anything. The attitude of
Zola toward Rome is disclosed in the fact
that his hero goes to the city full of hopes
and faith and comes away bereft of all of
them. It is a story that recordo the van
ishing of illusions. It is evident, there
fore, that from the outset Zola studied
Rome with an eye hostile to its influences,
and found in it only that vanity of life
which is the vexr.tion of the spirit.
The value of the study lies in the fact
that however unsympathetic it may be, it
was made by a keenly critical mind out of
impressions gained on the spot by one of
the acutest observers of human life now
living, and has been set forth by a master
in the art of fiction. It is a description of
Roman life from the standpoint of one
wno saw it only from the outside, but
nevertheless it is a description that re
veals in the movements of the men and
women no little of the spirit that animates
them from within. It will justly take rank
among the great books of the day, and in
the eloquence of many of its passages the
reader will find sufficient beauty of thought
and grace of phrase to compensate in a
large measure for the lack of beauty and
grace in the conception of tbe story as a
whole-
Pierre Froment, a young priest who,
after an experience at Lourdes, had nearly
lost his faith in the church, was taken up
in Paris by a priest engaged in the work
of caring for the poor. Enlisted as a
helper in this work of chanty, Froment
grows to regard the church of Rome as a
mighty power dedicated by God to the
task of caring for the weak and suffering,
and bringing about in the world a reign of
love and helpfulness that would put an
end to the sin, the suffering and the
wretchedness that now prevail in it by rea
son of the hard burdens imposed upon the
poor by the strong and the powerful.
Under tbe influence of this faith Fro
ment writes a book, in which he maintains
that an economical question is invariably
hidden beneath each religious revolution,
and that upon the whole the everlasting
evil and the everlasting struggle has never
been aught but a conflict between the rich
and the poor. Jesus himself appears as a
claimant of the rights of the poor. His
church, therefore, must be a church
which stands for the poor against the
greeds, the prides, the" sensualities and
the corruptions of the rich. Froment
asserts that the time has now come
when the church must once more
come forward as the champion of the
people. The world has reached a crisis
out of which there can come but one of
three things — an absolute despotism of
wealth, the anarchy of mad revolution or
a fraternal socialism. Froment appeals
to Rome to take the lead in the spiritual
work of reconciling men and nations to
the coming of a reign of love. Without
making a direct attack on dogma he ad
vocates an enlargement of religious feeling
freed from rites and absorbed in the one
satisfaction of human charity.
The book is denounced at Rome and
Froment goes to that city to defend it.
There he finds himself immersed in that
whirlpool of ambition, intrigue, passion, !
politics and clericalism that makes up the j
life of Home as it eddies back and forth
between the conflicting capitals of the
Vatican and Quirinal. The story soon
becomes crowded with characters varying
in all degrees of rank from the Pope to j
street beggars. Tbe principal figures are
Cardinal Boccanera, a type of the
proud aristocracy of Rome; Cardinal j
Sanguinettai, a type of one of
those strong, self-made men who rise
from low degree to high rank in the j
church and who are more ambitious of its
power than the old princes oi Rome them
selves; Monsignor Nani, a Jesuit, type of
those diplomatic leaders of the church
who are willing to concede much to the
powers of the world in order to gam much
from it; Count Prada. type of the heroes
who fought with Garibaldi for the redemp
tion of Italy; Count Luigi Prada, his son,
an ardent Royalist and type of the young
men who wish to make Italy a great na
tion- Bignor Sacco, one of the great spec
ulators who reaped sudden fortunes out of
the rebuilding and improvement of Rome,
and last but by no means least. Benedetta
and her cousin, Daria Boccanera, whose
love story forms the romance of the work
and infuses it with the passion, the mys
tery and th" tragedy that are forever asso
ciated with all 'deas of romance in Italy.
Froment carries to Rome letters of in
troduction from a certain Vicomte <le la |
Choue, a French enthusiast for the old re
ligion and Christian socialism, aud an in
dorsement of his book by Cardinal Berge
rot, one of the leaders of the Galhcan
church. In a very short time he finds that
these letters avail him nothing. De la
Choue is laughed at as a visionary and all
the dignitaries of the Vatican are hostile
to the French cardinal. He is about to
give way in despair when Monsignor
Nani takes him up. The young priest
soon finds that Nani's influence gains him
access everywhere. He obtains interviews
with the highest dignitaries and from
these he arrives at last at a true under
standing of the spirit that animates the
pontificate.
It is known that when Zola went
to Rome to study the city he sought
an interview with the Pope and was re
fused. It is also known that the poten
tates of the eartn do not snub genius
with impunity. What picture of the Pope
Zola would have drawn had he been re
ceived we cannot tell, but certainly the
one he has drawn can hardly be accounted
more than a caricature. He thus describes
Leo as he appeared seated upon his throne
to receive a large concourse of pilgrims
coming from all quarters of the world to
protest against the occupation of Rome by
the Italian Government:
With the papal cap on his head and the red
cape edged with ermine about bis shoulders,
he retained in his long white cassock the rigid
sacerdotal attitude of an idol venerated by
250,000,000 of Christians. Against the purple
background of the hangings of the baldic
chino, between the wing-like drapery on either
side, inclosing, as it were, a brazier of glory,
he assumed real majesty of aspect. He was no
longer the feeble old man with the slow, jerky
walk and the slender, scraggy neck of a poor
ailing bird. The sinuous ugliness of hie face,
the largeness of his nose, the long slit of his
mouth, tne hugeness of his ears, the conflict
ing jumble of his withered features disap
§ eared. In that waxen countenance you only
istinguished the adruirab'e, dark, deep
eyes beaming with eternal youth, with
extraordinary intelligence and penetra
tion. And then there was a resolute
bracing of his entire person, a consciousness
of the eternity wnich he represented^ a regal
nobiiity "born of the very circumstance that he
was now but a mere breath, a soui set in so
pellucid a body or ivory that it became visible
as though it were already freed from the
bonds of earth. And Pierre "realized what such
a man must be for the devout and doient crea
tures who came to adore him from so far and
who fell at his feet awestrnckby the splendor
of the powers incarnate in him.
The account given of the mind of the
Pope is not more nattering than that of his
Eersonal appearance. According to Zola
( co lias had but little personal experience
with tne world and almost no direct
knowledge of the aims, sentiments and
aspirations of the people of this genera
tion. He says of the Pope:
for eighteen years now he has been shut up
in the Vatican, isolated from the rest of man
kind and communicating with the nations
solely through his entourage, which was often
must unintelligent, most mendacious ana most
treacherous. Moreover, he was an Italian
I priest — a superstitious and despotic high
| pontiff— bound by tradition, subjected to the
: influences of race environment, pecuniary con
siderations .and political necessities; riot to
I speak of his great pride— the conviction that
j he ought to be implicitly obeyed iv all things
as the one sole legitimate power on earth.
Therein lay fatal causes of mental deformity, of
errors and paps in his extraordinary brain,
though the latter possessed many admirable
qualities, quickness of comprehension and
patient stubbornness of will, mid strength to
draw conclusions and to act. Of all his pow
ers, ho wtver, that of intuition was certainly
the most wonderful, for, wsa It not this alone
which, owing to his voluntary imprisonment,
enabled him to divine the vast evolution of
humanity at the present day? He was thus
keenly conscious oi the dangers surrounding
bim, of the rising tide of democracy and the
boundless ocean of science which threaten to
submerge the little islet where the dome of
St. Peter's yet triumphed. And the object of
all his policy, of all his labor, was to conquer
so that ne might reign.
In the contemplation of the Pope upon
his throne Froment felt a renewal of the
faith that was in him that the church
would come forward as the defender of
the rights of the people and the consoler
of their sorrows. He was now sanguine
that if he could bring his book directly to
the attention of the Pope it would receive
his sanction. Froment had found that
much — in fact, most — of the opposition to
his book arose not from a dislike for the
work itself, but from a desire on
the part of the Italian cardinals to
strike at Cardinal Benrerot by condemn
ing a book which he had publiciy
approved. Froment expected to find the
Pooe free from this jealousy of the French
prelate. In his interview with Leo, how
ever, all these hopes were disappointed.
This was the supreme disillusion, and
Froment seeing clearly the folly of his
dream of a purely spiritual church ever
being evolved out of the conditions of the
Papacy, consented to withdraw his book
and repudiate it. This was what the
Jesuit Nani had foreseen, and it was that
Froment might arrive at that knowledge
and be freed from his enthusiasm, he had
obtained for him access to the Pope.
The picture eiven of new Italy is hardly
more sympathetic than that of old Cath
olicism. According to Zola, the Royal
ists, on entering Rome, were carried away
by a mad desire to make Italy a creat na
tion at once, without waiting for it to
grow. They ignored the fact that in mak
ing a kingdom of Italy they could not
make at the same time an Italian people.
With the lower classes sunk in ignorance
and sloth, the aristocracy stricken with
poverty an-d divided between the court
and the church, the new Government has
had nothing to appeal to save the middle
classes, and these are animated more by
greed and self-interests than by patriot
ism.
It would have been wisdom under these
circumstances for Italian statesmen to
have waited until a national society and a
national spirit could have been evolved
before seeking to make their country po
; litically great. They did not do that,
however, but engaged in those alliances
which alienated Italy from her natural
ally, France, and imposed upon her the
| heavy burden of a military organization
which has nearly reduced her to bank
ruptcy. It wrs in the work of rebuilding
Rome, however, that Zola sees the clear
est manifestation of the madness of new
Italy. In speaking of this craze and the
ruin which followed, he tells us:
Elsewhere, in Paris for Instance, new dis
tricts have been erected and embellishments
have been carried out with the capital of the
country— the money saved by dint 6f thrift
But in Rome all were built on the credit sys
tem, eithjer by means of bills of exchange" at
ninety days, or— and this was chiefly the case
by borrowing money abroad. The huge sums
sunk in these enterprises is estimated at a
milliard, four-fifths of which was French
money. The bankers did everything. The
French ones lent to the Italian bankers at 3%
or 4 per cent, and the Italian bankers accom
modated the speculators, the Roman builders,
at 6, 7 and even 8 per cent. And thus the
disaster w*s great indeed when France, learn
ing of Italy's alliance with Germany, with
drew her 800,000,000 francs in less than two
years.
The Italian banks were drained of their
specie, and the land and building companies,
being likewise com|telled to reimburse their
loans, were compelled to apply to the banks of
Issue— those privileged to issue notes. At the
same time they intimidated the Government,
threatening to stop all work and throw 40,000
artisans and laborers starving on the pave
ments of Rome If it did not compel the banks
of issue to lend them the five or six millions
of paper money which they needed. And this
the Government at last did, appalled by the
possibility of universal bankruptcy. Natur
ally, however, the millions could riot be paid
back at maturity, as the newly built houses
found neither purchasers nor tenants, and so
the ureat lall began, heaping ruin upon ruin.
Tnat was how a mere municipal crisis
became a frightful disaster— a whole milliard
sunk to no purpose, Rome disfigured, littered
with the rnius of the gaping and empty dwell
ings which bad been prepared for the five or
six hundred thousand inhabitants, for whom
the city yet waits in vain.
That these pictures of the churcti and of
Italy will be displeasing both to patriots
and to churchmen goes without saying.
They, however, are not the only one* who
will find the work unsatisfactory either as
a philosophical study or as a work of art.
While tnere are many passages in it full of
beauty and while some of the characters
are both noble and gracious, the book as a
whole lacks the impress of truih — even of
that kind of truth wnich is known a3
realism. Zola in Rome was clearly out of
his element. His pictures of life there
have none of the vividness whicn animates
those he has drawn of life in Paris. Even
in that romance of Benedetta and Dano.
which is woven through the work and
which by becoming mixed up with the in
trigues of two powerful cardinals, strug
gling for the Papal throne, ends with a
tragodv, hare ly suffices to give a dramatic
interest to tbe book. There are some
things which materialism cannot compre
hend—some things realism cannot make
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
Ernest Peixotto's Design for the Latest Publication of the Decadents, Le Petit Journal dez Refuzeez.
TEN MINUTES WITH THE CURRENT VERSIFIERS.
THE LITERARE CALLING
It was— attend my simple lay—
A scrivener young and green,
Who sent a little tale unto
A monthly magazine.
And while his hopeful heart beat hlghj
fie made his little boast,
How fame and wealth were bound his waj
And by return of post.
It was a scrivener gray and worn
Who read a little screed,
Composed In ornamental type,
And very neat indeed;
And murmured while he smole a smile
That spread from ear to ear,
" My tale has been accepted, and
In due time will appear!" ~
It was a scrivener old and bent
Whose heart was filled with glee,
The while his children's children stood
And listened at his knee.
It was a newly published tale
He read with simple joy:
The self-same simple liitle tale
He scribbled when a boy.
Years passed away; one day a check
Arrived, but, be it told,
It was a blithe executor
Who changed it Into gold.
Bo ply your p ns, ye folks who write
With elegance and eas».
And happily you may benefit
Your unborn legatees. — Pick-Me-Up.
TO A ENRIPED
Night, and great peace about thy doors.
Night, and great stars above thy head,
Night, and gray mist across thy moors,
Night in my city of the dead.
clear in the forms of art— and among
those things we safely say are the new
hopes which animate Italy and the old
faith which sustains Catholicism, all of
which are lnseparaoly bound up with
the fortunes and the fate of the Eiernal
City — Rome. [For sale r>y Doxey, Palace
Hotel; price $ 2 50.] John McN aught.
HIS HOSOB AND A LADY.
The title of this pleasing and wall-writ
ten story by Mrs. Everard Cotes {Sara
Jeannette Duncan) is comprehensive and
most appropriate. John Church is one of
Her Majesty's commissioners in India,
who does his work with so little ostenta
tion that the Home Government does not
get a proper estimate of the man. His
chief secretary is Lewis Ancram, who
poses as Church's strongest friend, while
at the same time he is secretly plotting to
unseat the commissioner. Now Ancrum
is an admirer of Mrs. Church, who is partic
ularly friendly to the secretary because
she supposes him to be her husband's
champion. Church dies and Ancram steps
into his official shoes. He could not be
sufficiently graterul to John Church for
dyiner — it was a circumstance upon which
he congratulated himself frankly, an acci
dent by which he was likely to benefit so
vastly that ne could indulge in no pre
tense of regretting it on altruistic ground.
Before leaving Calcutta for England, Mrs.
Church refuses to see the commissioner,
but the Hon. Mr. Ancram is only gratified
at the refusal, as it fills out his idea of
the woman, which is a most deli
cate one. He writes luxurious let
ters to the widow, full of imaginative
touches, and Mrs. Church is charmed with
their tone. Honors descend thickly upon
Ancram's head, and finally he visits Eng
land with the object of making Mrs.
Church tne sharer in his rare fortune. But
that lady has been put in possession of
letters and papers that give evidence of
Ancram's intrigues against the late John
Church, whose name Aucram had sought
to drag down in the public prints. So
when nis Lordship arrives at the Church
mansion, he is coolly received. He learns
that Mrs. Church had only been in love
with "her ideas of him," and, at parting,
Mrs. Church bids him a formal and last
farewell. On his return to Calcutta. Sir
Lewis Ancram informed an inquiring
friend that "he had the highest admiration
for the wife of his late honored chief, but
the world is wrong in thinking that 1 ever
made her a proposal of marriaee, nor have
I the slightest intention of doing so."
[New York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale
by Doxey; price $1 50.]
A WINNING HAZARD.
Mrs. Alexander is a very successful
writer of society stories, and her recent
novel, "A Winning Hazard," is up to her }
usual standard of excellence. Kate Carey I
is the daughter of people who are reduced
to hard straits finrtncially. and she exerts
herself to retrieve some of their lost for
tune. She becomes secretary to a wealthy
business man and bachelor, who forms an
affection for her, but Kate is in love with
a poor young man named Dick Travers.
She gets Dick to agree to a plan to go j
to South Africa and make a grand
play for fortune. Dick is about to
srart, when he accidentally hears that the
Carey family is in distress at the rich
bachelor* unexpected death. He runs
back to comfort them, and to his astonish
ment learns that Kate has been made
residuary legatee of a vast estate by her
deceased employer. Dick doesn't go to
Africa, and there is no need to say that,
with riches enough at command to place
the family back in its old social position
and make themselves envied, Dick and
Kate "lived happily," etc. [New Yoru:
D. Appl«ton & Co. For sale by Doxey;
price 50 cents.]
Sleep on thy lips and on thine eyes—
O tender eyes and loving lips-
Sleep. fiileJ with gentle, low replies
To doubts that gave the day eclipse.
Silence and sleep and perfect rest,
A breathing stillness, that is all;
While, scattered over brow and breast,
The broken moon-lk-cxs glide and fall.
For thee the night Is brimmed witn peace;
surely God's hand upon thee laid
Shall fill tby life with sweet, increase
Of love that maketh not afraid-
Shall round thy life unto a sphere
Of growing light and fragrant days,
Ami K:it her to thee, j ear by year.
Increasing store or love and praise.
Yea, God who madf so pure a thing
shall guard the* safely to the end,
And, ai t lie la.t Ingathering
Hemember me, who won thy friend.
-Pall Mall Gazette.
AN IMPERTINENT
Plenty to do! There's no end to the work
That Duty holds up ler perform.
But they's suthin' thet sorter compels yer ter shirk
When the weather gils showery an' warm.
Though I miss the rewards 1 kin slDg at my task
While my hat to the toiler I aoff,
Fur I somehow gits all the enjoyment I ask
A-puttiu' things off.
I know thet the reckonin' somettrae'U come
An' I'll mt'bbe do more'n my share,
So':, ter average up in the general sum,
But I ro'ly can't say ez 1 care,
For I scarcely believe thet with work all complete
An' no one ter chi le ncr ter scoff,
I'd find the enjoyment of rest nigh ez sweet
Ez puttin' things off. —Washington Star.
WHH THE FATHERS.
This is the title of a volume of essays by •
John Bach McMaster, professor of Ameri- j
i can history in the University of Pennsyl- |
vania. The essays, in fact, are a series of |
studies in the history of tne United States. !
Thirteen of these studies are contained in !
1 the book of 335 pages, nine of the essays
having previously appeared, at different
times, in Eastern magazines and periodi
cals. The history of the Monroe doctrine
is lucidly given. "The Third Term Tra
dition" makes profitable reading, as it
shows that popular sentiment has been
strongly against a third term for the Na
tion's chief executive since Jefferson, at
the close of his second term in 1807, made
! this famous statement: "If some I
termination to the services of the j
chief magistrate be not fixed by the I
constitution or supplied by practice, his |
office, nominally for years, will in fact j
become for life, and history shows bow i
easily that degenerates into inheritance." j
Mr. McMaster voices the idea that what ,
we want is "a strong Government of the !
people by the people," and not "a Govern- j
ment of the people by a strong man," and !
hence "we ought not to tolerate anything j
which has even the semblance of heredity." j
I To the consideration of the advocates of a i
I third term for Cleveland he commends i
i Jefferson's doctrine that "in no office can |
■ rotation be more expedient."
Among the • essays in the book ■
which will be read with more than
ordinary interest in this great campaign
year are: "A Century of Constitutional
Interpretation, ' "A Century's Struggle
for Silver" and ''Is Sound Finance Pos
sible Under Popular Government?' [New
York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale by
William Doxey ;. price $1 50.]
OUT OF A SILVER FLUTE.
The appearance of a volume oi poems by
Philip Verrill Mighels will recall to Pacific
Coast readers memories of the young au
thor's gifted father, Harry Mighels, who
for years was engaged in journalism in
California and Nevada, and who in the
I meantime produced many verses and
j fugitive sketches of more than ordinary
literary merit. The present book is of
interest to Western , people from the fact
i that many of the themes are drawn from
tte writer's experiences in his early life on
the Pacific Coast. Young Mignels ex
presses the keynote ,of his life in the
"Dedication to Ella" on the first leaf of
his volume:
My soul throvfjh births and deaths processional on
- 'The progress way, ambition-spurred; but, oh.
It glides so swiftly since you brought the tteiwn
Anil made u-hite-tilied aspirations groxo!
The book is of four divisions, including
quatrains, sonnets, rondeaux and miscel
laneous verses. There is in most of Mr.
j Migheis' productions a tinge of mysticism,
I bui not a particle of the so-called spirit of
the literature of decadence. A notable frag
ment, at least it may be ap art of a noble
poem yet to t>e written, is "The Obelisk in
Central Park." The sonnet, "Stone and
Soul," written on seeing the picture of
Napoleon before the Sphinx, is another
characteristic utterance of the premising
young author. 1 In lighter 1 vein we have
| "The Night We Traded Rings," and i c
establishes himself as -a rival to Eugene
Field in the exquisite little verses, 'When"
Baby Smiles." .[New York: J. Selwin
Tait*& Sons." ■' For sale by Wiluam Doxey.]
LIFE OF CYRUS W. FIELD.
It will profit' the boys of to-day, and of
all the days.to come, to read and study
the life and work of that typical Ameri
can, Cyru-; W. Field. . His greatest work,
the Atlantic cable, has rendered his name
immortal, and, in the volume at hard, his
daughter, "Mrs. Isabella Field .„ Juctsbii, ]
who has written the biography, ! gives i
'..^T- '■.-'■ ■■■■■ ■-■•■■ ' . ' ; '!*"»>.„:».!'•
IN MEMORY OF MY FATHER.
My father died when I was all too j-oumr,
And he too old, too crowded with his care
>'or me to know he Knew my hot, fierce hopes-
Youth sees wide chasms between itself ana age-
How could 1 think h<>, too, had lived my life?
My dreams were all of wi;r. and his of rest.
And so lie sleeps (please God), at last at rest.
And it may be, with soul refreshed, more young
Than when he left me for that other life—
Free, for awhile hi least, from that old care.
The hard, relentless torturer of his ace
That cooled his youth and bridled all his hopes.
For now I know he had the longing Dopes,
The wild desires of youth, aud all the rest
Of my ambitions, ere he came to Age,
He too, was bold, when he was free and young-
Had 1 but known thai he conld feel, and care!
How could I knjw the secret of his life?
In my own youth 1 fee his early lite
So reckless, and so full of buoyant hopes.
1 see him jubilant, without a care,
The cays too short, and grudging time for rest-
He knew the wild delight of being young-
Shall I too, know the calmer joys of age?
His words come back, to mind mebf that age
When lovingly he watched my broadening'life—
And, dreaming of the days \v,hen he was young
Smiled at mv joys, and shartMl my fears and hopes.
His words still live, for in my heart they rest,
Too few, not to be kept with jealous care!
Ah. little did 1 Know how he could care!
That In my youth lay joys to comfort Age!
Not in this world, for him, was granted rest,
But, as h»? livpd in me, a happier life,
He prayed more earnestly to win my hopes
Than ever for his own when he was young!
He once was young; I, too.jnust fight with Care;
He knew my hopes, and I must share his Ace;
God grant my life be worthy, too, of Kest!
—The Lark.
one of the best accounts in print
of the ways and means whereby
the cable to Europe came to be
laid. Mrs. Judson aiso describes the share
her father had in developing the elevated
railroad system in New York City. The
story is replete with lessons of the reward
of unbending perseverance. Among the
letters to Mr. Field, which the work con
tains, is the famous one from Hon.
William E. Gladstone on the Civil War
in the United States. [New York: Har
per & Brothers, publishers. For Bale by
A. M. Robertson ; price $2.J
ICEffORK, PRESENT AND PAST.
The latest addition to the International
Scientific Series is a 300-page volume on
"Icework, Present and Past," by T. G. '
Bonney, professor of geology at Univer
sity College, London. It had been that
scientist's experience that, although sep
arate papers, and even comprehensive
books, upon ice and its work are nunier- j
ous ie our mother tongue, to say nothing j
of other languages, a difficulty often at- j
tends the student. They seem to be writ- j
ten, in most cases, more with a view advo- i
eating some particular interpretation 'of |
the facts than of describing the facts them- !
selves. As regards these, it appears not i
seldom to be tacitly assumed that they j
must have some particular significance, j
from which it follows, as an almost
inevitable result, that the hypothesis of
one writer becomes the theory of his suc
cessors. Accordingly, in the work before |
us, Professor Bonney has endeavored to j
give greater prominence to those facts of j
glacial geology on which all inferences
must be founded. The book contains nu
merous illustrations and maps. [New
York: D. Apple ton & Co. For sale by
William Doxey ; price $1 50.]
THE CRAZIEST THING YET.
Le Petit Journal dez Refuzeez — meaning
in English not a journal of refuse, but of
refused manuscripts — is the very oddest
and craziest thing in art and literature
that the cult of decadence has yet origi
nated. We have reproduced the poster
and book plate for the new journal, which
Ernest Peixotto confesses to have de
signed. Where it prints black in this re
production will be in green ink on the
poster, except for the background, which
will be in vivid purple, while the ring of
troops, the border and the lettering will be
in yellow, making quite a startling effect,
that shows what an artist can dream after
a very late supper. James Marion II is
the cuief editor and Gelett Burgess is a
responsible accomplice.
WILD POPPIES.
A volume of verse by Grace Hibbard, a
California writer, has been received. It is
dedicated to the military order of the
Loyal Legion of the United States, and
especially to California Commandery.
Many of the pieces are patriotic, and not a
few relate to scenes and incidents of the
Golden State. The following will serve as
a fair example of Miss Hibbard's poetry:
COMPENSATION.
Dark clouds rolled over the sky.
And but one .star conld I see;
I cried in my wild despair,
"Let the bright star shine for me!"
But the purple cloud 3 rolled on
And hid the star from niy night;
When lo! where the clouds had been
The fair moon was shining bright.
[Buffalo, N. V.: Charles Wells Moulton'
publisher.]
THE FOLLI OF EUSTACE.
A small boot containing three stories by
Robert S. Hichens, author of "An Imagin
ative Man" and "The Green Carnation."
It appears to ns that these stories have
seen the light of day before this. This is
true of one of them in particular, "The
Collaborators," which appeared in Lip
pincott's, if we mistake not.
It must be said, however, that these ex
amples of fiction are well and powerfully
written. They are designed with the in
tention of holding the reader's attention,
and they have succeeded admirably in so
doing. The stories lose nothingin the re
publishing, and surely this is- praise, in
deed. [New York: D. Appleton & Co.
For sale by William Doxey; price 75
cents.]
TRACK ATHLETICS IN DETAIL
In this work, compiled by the editor of
"Interscholastic Sport" in Harper's Round
Table, the intention has been not to con
vey information to the layman of sport,
but rather to aid and instruct the young
athlete who is so situated that he cannot
secure the personal training and instruc
tion available to those who live in large
f cities or who attend schools and colleges
where physical instruction forms part of
the regular work. Many notable athletic
events are illustrated from instantaneous
photographs, and careful explanations of
the methods of leading athletes of the day
are given. The book also contains chap
ters full of good suggestions on bicycling
for men and bicycling for women. [New
York: Harper & Brothers, publishers.
For sale by A. M. Robertson; price $1 25.]
CUBA AND THE CUBANS.
This is a translation from the Spanish of
Raimundo Cabrera by Laura Guiteras.
The book has special interest for American
readers at the present time, viewing the
relations which exist between the United
States and the combatants, the mother
country and her colonists. The original
work was published in 1887 and ran
through eight editions in the Spanish,
commanding attention at the hands of
legislators in the two countries.
IB£ UTILITY AND BEAUTY OI
DRAWING.
A little pamphlet bearing the above
title has reached this office. It is from the
pen of Florence D. Jackson of Haywards,
Cal. This lady was formerly principal
and instructor at the Woman's Institute
of Technical Design. She has devoted
much time to the study of her subject,
and witli good result, judging by the
short essay before us.
LITEKARY NOTES.
The Peter Paul Book Company of Buf
falo will publish June 20 a "Dictionary of
Buffalo, Niagara Falls. Tonawanda and
Vicinity," with maps arid illustrations.
Encouraged by the success in England
of Stanley Waterloo's novel, "A Man and
a Woman," Messrs. A. & C. Black have
just published an edition for Knglana of
"An Odd Situation," by the same author,
with an introduction by Sir W. Besant,
which is likely to give rise to more or less
acrimonious discussion. The American
edition of the latter has just been issued
by Way & Williams, Chicago.
The frontispiece of the July Scribner's
is from a painting by Walter Gay. The
picture suggested a remarkably dramatic
story which appears in this number by
Mr. Gay's cousin, the well-know m author
of "Day and Night Stories," T. R. Sulli
van.
Stephen" Crane's "Maggie, a Girl of the
Streets," has just been published by the
ths Messrs. Appleton. The book was
printed, but never published before. Mr.
Howells, who has been Mr. Crane's liter
ary godfather, says that it is the best thing
that he has written. The story has been
revised and recast since it was first printed
and is altogether new, so far as the public
ii concerned.
M. Bernard Lazare of Paris, who is en
gaged just now in a lively polemic joust
with Edouard Drumont, the celebrated
anti-Semite, is at work on a novel to be
called "Les Porteurs dcs Torches." This
will be the author's first important contri
bution to fiction, though he is well known
as a writer on social, political and eco
nomic subjects. His novel, which will be
ready for the autumn season, will reflect
M. Lazare's views on the matter of social
reforms.
M. Lissagarey has almost finished a his
tory of the French commune, based on
the official Communist records, which
were long supposed to have Deen de
stroyed, but were found some time ago.
French professors of English seem dis
posed to write poetry. The example of
Stephane Mellarme is well known. M. A.
Angeilier, professor of English at Lille
University, is about to follow in the foot
steps of his colleague. His first volume of
verse, "A l'Amie Perdue," will soon beont.
Charles Vermaitre, the author of a num
ber of books dealing with special aspects
of Parisian life, has ready a popular ac
count of Old Paris. The volume is to be
called "Paris Historique."
The third volume of P. de la Gorce's
history of the Second Empire is to be
issued thi> month.
John Ash ton's book on the manners,
fashions, customs and life of the reign of
William IV will be issue 1 by Messrs. Chap
man in London this month.
The first volume in the Wolseley series
of military translations is now being pre
pared in Engjand and should be ready
soon. It is the letters on strategy written
by the late Prince Kraft Hohenlohe-Ingel
fingen.
Anthony Hope will bring out in tbe au
tumn, through the F. A. Stokes Company,
a series of short stories, "The Heart of
Princess Osra."
Bret Harte's new story and Jerome K.
Jerome's latest piece of fiction have both
been secured by the Ladies' Home Journal
for immediate publication.
Secretaries Olney and Carlisle recently
consented, for the first time since they
held office, to be photographed seated at
their desks. The pictures were, taken at
the' request of the Ladies' Home Journal,
and will be used to illustrate ex-President
Harrison's article describing tne workings
of the State Department in the July num
ber of that magazine.
"A Cycle of Cathay," by Dr. W. A. P.
Martin, late president of the Imperial
Tungwen College, Japan, which was to
have been issued during April, has been
delayed to admit of the insertion of much
additional matter and will appear early
in the autumn. It is a record of the impor
tant movement' in Chinese affairs during
the past sixty years, as they could be known
only to one in high official position. There
will be about seventy-five illustrations,
many of them from native drawings. The
book will be issued by the Fleming H.
Revell Company, which announces also
a "Life of Robert Whitaker McAll."
An expurgated edition of "Tom Jones"
is in course of preparation by Mrs. J. M.
Fielding, the wife of the novelist's grand
son, and will soon be pui hed in Lon
don. A biographical sketch of Fielding
will accompany the story.
Messrs. Herbert S. Stone & Co. of Chi
cago are preparing for immediate publica
tion a translation from the Italian of Ga
briele d'Annunzio entitled "Episcopo and
Company." D'Annunzio is the best-known
and undoubtedly tbe most gifted of mod
ern Italian novelists, and his work has
been the sensation of the last few years in
France and Italy. The translation has
been done by Myrta Leonora Jones. Mr.
Henry M. Blossom's book, shortly to be
published by the same house, will be
called "Checkers: A Hard- Lack Story."
Mile. Tame, only child of the historian,
has been married' in Paris to M. Paul
Dubois, son of the late director of the
School of Fine Arts. She was brought up
as a Protestant, but was married in a Ro
man Catholic church.
Messrs. D. Appleton & Co. will publish
"My Literary Zoo," by Kate Sanborn, an
amusing and picturesque account of ani
mals in literature.
Messrs. Harper & Bros, published this
week the following novels : "The Under
Side of Things," by Lilian Bell, "Jerry the
Dreamer," by Will Payne, and "Honor
Ormthwaite. by the author of "Lady
Jean's Vagaries ; and new editions of "A
Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's
Court" and Hardy's "Wessex Tales."
Kalamazoo, Mich., la famous for celery. 8e«
Thomas Slater's advertisement on page 8.
RUSSIA IN
CALIFORNIA.
Once the Czar Laid Claim
to Part of the
Golden Coast.
He Had a Stronghold at Fort
Ross, in Sonoma
County.
An Interesting History of the Early
Russian Settlements in
This State.
Every student of American history
knows that by ukase in 1822 the Emperor
of Russia asserted his ownership of the
whole northwestern coast of Anierica,
from Bering Sea southward to 51 degrees
north latitude, and warned all foreigners
not to come within 300 miles of the coast,
and that this country's protest and the
negotiations which followed resulted in
the line of demarcation being fixed at 54
deg. 40 mm.
That is Alaska's southern boundary to
this day. Not so well known, however,
are the facts with reference to the daring
occupation by the Russians of the terri
tory of California in the early years of the
present century. Hon. R. A." Thompson
of Santa Rosa has treated the latter sub
• ject at length and with much detail in his
paper, just published, entitled "The Rus
sian Settlement in California, Known as
I Fort Ross; Founded 1812, Abandoned
1841. Why the Russians Came and Why
They Went." Mr. Thompson has per
formed a work of no little importance
to this State in a historical
sense. He shows that, when the re
gion north of San Francisco Bay
was occupied by order of Alexander
Baranoff, the bold and energetic head of
I the Russian-American Fur Company, it
was undoubtedly Baranoff's intentiou to
hold it against its then owners for all time,
"and his succassors would have done so,
but for the timely promulgation in 1823 of
the Monroe doctrine, which gave notice to
all the world that no occupation of Ameri-
I can territory by European powers would
I be tolerated by the United States." Al-
I though the Russian settlement in Califor
nia was not mentioned in tne agreement
of 1824 with reference to the 54.40
parallel, still it involved the abandon
ment of such territory and put an end to
any farther encroachments in California.
In 1811 the Russian agents fixed upon a
; site for a fort and settlement, and it was
called Fort Ross. "As to the exact orig
inal meaning of the word Ross," says
Mr. Thompson, "there seems to be a dif
ference of opinion ; but it is certain that
the people of the Volca were formerly
' called Rus, aud the Russians generally
were called the people of Ross, and the
country is yet called Ro^sia, or Russia."
Fort Ross is in Sonoma County. la
1812 it was a fortified village, and in the
fort twelve cannon were mounted, but
the number of cannon was afterward in
creased to forty. The investuations by
the Spanish authorities in 1813 and the
results are narrated, and the story of Fort
Rossis carried down to the time when tne
Mexicans asserted themselves in 1840, and
as the latter refused to cede any territory
to Russia, Governor Wrancell of Ross
sold the fort and it was abandoned in 1841.
One of the purchasers was General John
A. Sutter, *ho afterward disposed of his
interest (1845) to William Benitz, who had
purchased the site as part of a Mexican
land grant. The old settlement is now
the property of G. W. Call, who preserves,
as best he can, the old buildings and such
! relics as are not perishable. During all
I those eighty-three years the little belfry
I and dome of the Russian chapel at Ross
have stood bravely facing the heavy win
ter storms. The watch-towers are partly
decayed. Of the apple-trees planted by
the original settlers some fifty are alive
and bear apples every year. This is all
that is left of a place that once Coasted 400
souls, [-anta Rosa: Sonoma Democrat
Publishing Company, publishers.]
TARTAKIJJ ON THE ALPS.
This is a new edition, and a very hand
somely illustrated one, of an old book by
; Alphonse Daudet. To those who are
j familiar witn the adventures of that re
' doubtable Munchausen-like individual
j Tartarin of Tarascon little need be said to
. introduce this further account of his ad
ventures. The book under review is
every bit as lively and quite as entertain
ing as was the formpr one. The work of
! translating the present, edition has been
I admirably performed by Henry Frith,
while the pictures are drawn by Aranda,
De Beaumont, Mnntenard, Myrbach and
Rossi. [New York: Macmillan & Co.
For sale by William Doxey; price $l.j
SUNSET PASS.
The war stories of Captain Charles King,
so realistic and thrilling, find a widening
demand as the author's merits come to be
more generally recognized, and new
editions of bis earlier novels are therefore
being turned out to satisfy the popular
appetite, "Sunset Pass, or Running the
Gantlet Through Apache Land," first
published six years aeo, has just appeared
in the series of Illustrated American
Novels. For exciting adventure, daring
exploits and hair- breadth escapes this
story is close up to the front in the ranks.
[New York: American Publishers' Cor
poration, publishers. For sale by Doxey ;
price 50 cents.]
NEW TO-DAT.
EsiSb ultuS ffuu
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 saiad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish.
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Suear bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, G berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
gQc TEAS, any kind.
Coiima Pure Spices.
Colirna Baking Powder,
Great Amßricanlmportiiia Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market «t. 14 6 Ninth «t.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore at,
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery avc. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission «t.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth «t.
I3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park «t., Alameda,
2324
FOUR PICTURESQUE WRECKS
Scattered along the shores of San Francisco Bay are dozens of wrecks of once
good ships. Some of them have been there for years and some only a few
months. Some are simply ordinary-looking old hullrs, likely at any time to be
washed out of existence, so rotten are their timbers, and a few others are pictur
esque in the extreme. But there is no denying the fact that an old wreck is the
most picturesque and interesting object on the face of the earth. Even though a
ship has made but one voyage and tlien piled her bones on a lonely beach there is
something romantic about her. Her prow has cut through the waters of far-away
climes and her timbers have creaked and groaned as she rode over the swells or
struggled in the trough of the sea while her canvas was torn to ribbons by the
fury of the hurricane.
But some vessels have more peaceful endings after long lives of usefulness and
ceaseless struggling witd the elements. They become so old and unseaworthy that
their owners cannot even sell them for kindling wood, so they are towed to some
quiet spot to be used as a habitation of some kind or allowed to slowly fall to
pieces and become more picturesque every day.
It is over two years since the Peruvian bark Adelquisa arrived in San Francisco,
after a most sensational voyage. Her days of usefulness were really over before she
started here from a Mexican port. When out only a short time it was found that she
was improperly provisioned, and the crew concluded that her owners never wanted
to see her again. The voyage was an awful one, but the old ship that had weathered
some of the worst storrus that ever blew managed to hold together and land her
crew safely.
When the Adelquisa reached this port she was the most I
dilapidated craft that ever came through the Golden Gate. Her I
Bails were masses of patches, and her rigging was held together I
with all sorts of makeshifts. Her crew deserted her in half I
an hour after she dropped anchor, and in a few days the un-H
derwriters condemned her. She was then towed to Tiburon and I
run on the mud, where she has gradually been dropping to I
pieces ever since.
Last year the Adelquisa was used for a sort of camping place.
In the winter she was abandoned and her hatches left open.
The rain poured in and half filled her hull. Then a terrific
gale came along and keeled her over on her side. The water,
of course, changed its center of gravity, and the old vessel
could not right itself. And there she has remained ever since,
the most picturesque wreck to be found on the shores of the bay.
The many angles formed by the swinging spars and the broken
masts produce an effect highly pleasing to an artistic eye.
And what beautiful colors her old hull has taken on! Bar
nacles and moss have combined to produce some of the most
beautiful grays and greens imaginable, that blend most har
moniously with a patch of red on her hull.
Back on the shores of the Tiburon Lagoon is all that is left
of the famous sidewheel steamer Flora Temple, that was built
in the early fifties to ply between this City ana Sacramento.
In her day the Flora Temple was a fine craft, and many excit
ing incidents took place on her decks. In her old cabin some of
the stiffest poKer games were played, and there were also nu
merous encounters of a sanguinary nature between men who
have since become^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
famous. But, iikecv-H
crything else, the oldH
steamer reached theH
end of her days ofH
usefulness and wasH
towed to TiburonH
about twelve years J
For several years I
the Flora Temple I
was used as a sort of I
hotel. The old cabins I
were extended and I
lengthened, and real- I
ly she answered very I
well. In time though I
she became unfit for I
this, and was turned I
into a stable. But I
now she is not even I
fit to house horses, I
and is being allowed I
to drop to pieces. As I
ehe lies among the I
slimy marsh grass I
she presents a most I
dilapidated but with- I
al picturesque ap- I
pearance. Every- I
thing about her is I
broken. The boards I
on her sides are I
ready to fall off, and I
tne windows are all I
gone. The bottom of I
the old hull rotted I
away years ago so I
that the inside is full I
cf water.
Away up in the I
Fan Joaquin marshes
is a a wreck that is not only picturesque, but mysterious. To be sure it is only a
schooner of about 300 ions, but how she came there, or when, is something past
finding out, although it is known that the vessel has been there for years and years.
On one side of the prow of this mysterious craft the letters "Schiev" can be made
out, hut whether that is all of the name or not can only De surmised.
Mr. Coolige, who has preserved some of the earliest records of shipping, inclines to
the belief that the old vessel is of Russian origin. He thinks that she must have
His Fall From a
Sea Captain
To a Digger of Clams.
Herbert Clay is an old clam-digger, who
has his home in a tiny, dilapidated shanty
on the bay shore near East Oakland. He
is only a poor man now and has to work |
very hard for very little. But things were I
not always so. Herbert has been the cap
tain of many fine ships, and all of tne good
things of the world were his. That was a
long time ago, though, and his hair was of
a darker shade then than it is now.
Herbert Clay was born in England j
seventy-two years ago. When he was 12 I
he went to sea, and before he had reached ;
his majority he was a first mate. Things i
came his way and he decided to try his \
fortunes under the stars and stripes. In |
less than a year he had command of a big [
clipper that sailed out of New York and
soon became famous for fast voyages.
By the time the War of the Rebellion
broke out Captain Herbert Clay had taken !
ships to all of the principal ports of the
world and had considerable money laid
by. Then came several years of excite
ment as a privateer, mingled with wounds, j
hardships and sickness in rebel prisons.
When peace was declared and Herbert 1
was discharged from the hospital he found
himself without a dollar and American
shipping a thing of the past. He managed
to reach California about 1866 and has
been here ever since. The glories of his
past career, however, have been only mem- j
ories. He could not get a ship, so took
command of a bay schooner; and, as he
B«J8, was glad to get it. But he wasn't
the man he used to be when he stood on
the bridge of a big packet, and when he |
lost that job he was compelled to ship as
an ordinary seaman.
When at last Herbert got so that he
couldn't do any work aboard ship he took
a job in the Oakland railroad yards, which
he held until about six years ago, when he j
again found himself adrift on the world, j
For a long time he didn't know what to '
do and wandered about almost starving,
until one day he saw some men digging \
clams and concluded that he could do the !
same. He built himself a little shanty and j
in less than two days was at work. He I
has been digging ever since and says that
it has been the happiest part of his life.
Herbert certainly iaoks happy. His
face is ruddy and his eyes bright, ana i
ey«n if his house is small it is as clean as !
possible, and he sleeps with a clear I
conscience. He don't make money, of j
course, but he has enough, and a little to j
spare to buy tobacco. When he gets his !
pipe alight, he lays back and dreams. j
ST GEORGE`S REEF
LIGHTSTATION
The northernmost lighthouse in the Dis- j
trict of California is the one on St. Georges j
Reef, on the coast of Del Norte County, j
and about twelve miles distant from Cres
cent City. It is beyond doubt one of the j
finest lighthouses in the world, and the
position it occupies made the work of con
struction long and expensive.
The need of a lighthouse on St. George's
Reef had been manifest fot many years,
but nothing was done in the way of build
ing until April 3, 1883, on which day the
schooner La Ninfa left San Francisco with
a party of engineers aboard for the pur
pose of making surveys and drawings.
This took several months, and the work of
construction was not commenced until tne
followine year. The stone work was com
pleted in 1891. The lamp was not lighted
until October 20, 1*92.
The lighthouse engineers were never
confronted with a more difficult job. The
first work was to prepare the surface of
the rock to receive the foundations, which
necessitated a great deal of blasting.
Wharves were then built and the neces- \
sary derricks and tackle had to be put in ;
position before anything could be done, j
It was imperative that there should be a !
good anchorage for the steamer that car- |
ried out the material, and a 12,000-pound
weight was sunk ana an enormous buoy J
anchored to it so that the Bteamer could j
tie ud quickly. Every step of progress i
was slow and tedious, and before the work '
was completed $500,000 had been expended. '
The long time, required together with the ,
great incidental expenses, were due, in a
great measure, to inadequate appropria
tions. The stone in the structure was quar- j
ried from granite bowlders found on iMad j
River, near Hum bold t Bay, 100 miles from |
the lighthouse site. These had to be dug ■
up and broken up into suitable sizes. The i
larger pieces, which are used for dimen- !
sion stones, were sent to the yard at the i
entrance to Humbcldt Bay, where they i
were dressed. Each stone was cut by a !
gauge to fit the space it was to occupy in j
the finished structure. It was then marked I
with its number and a record was made of !
the time used in dressing it and of the j
name of the person by whom dressed. I
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, STTXDAY, JUKE 14, 1896.
been some of the large fleet that began coming in here about 1845, when very
little record was kept of them. He has several vessels on his books that contain
the letters "Schie," such as "Schiekoff." It is possible that this vessel may have
come in here and for some reason never went out through the Golden Gate again.
In time she may have become engaged in the river traffic until she ran on the
mud and stayed there.
Numerous stories are told about this vessel by people who have business near
where she is aground, but they are so conflicting little weight can be civen to them.
No man can be found who saw the vessel when she was afloat. The oldest inhabitant
says she was there when he came, and he don't know how much longer before.
One story frequently told is that the Schiev was towed to her present location
The stones were dressed so as to be iaid
with three-sixteenth-inch joints.
When a course of stone was dressed it
was shipped to the site by the steamer, ;
which would be moored as close to the i
reef as practicable. Each finished stone, I
averaging in weight about two and a half !
tons, was then placed in a rope netting, j
attached simultaneously to the derrick on
the steamer and to that on tho structure. '
and it was thus landed. By this method i
of handling the stone none of them were
spalled or chipped, and when the last
stone of each course was slipped into place
the joints on each side of it were found to j
be just three-sixteenths of an inch thick.
The face of the pier is composed of 1339 of '
these aiessed dimension stones, and it is
believed that no finer, more substantial,
or more accurately fitting stonework can
be found in the United States.
An the completed lighthouse now stands
it is certainly an imposing structure. A
massiv: circular stone pier rises from the
rock to a height of sixty feet above high
tide. On top of this the light tower is
erected. This is a square stone structure
that rises 14") feet above the water, with a
circular projection for the spiral stairway.
St. Georges Reef light is of the first or
der. The lenses were made especially for
it by Eenry Lepaute of Paris, France. The
lamp.is of the Funk pattern, with a five
wick turner and capable of producing 500
by a wealthy Stockton man who used her
as a sort of duck-snooting lodge for many
years. Borne say the vessel has been there
less than four years, but if such was the
case some record of her would be found at
the Merchants' Exchange.
A few old river men who have seen her
say the Schiev must have got into her
present location during the high water of
1861. They say that the water in that spot
has not been deep enough since. But
every big flood through the Ban Joaquin j
marsh has got several small craft into the
same fix, and their wrecks are scattered
ail along for miles.
As the Schiev lies at present, she looks
most forlorn. Her masts have broken i
off and all her rigging has disappeared. |
Only a stump of the bowsprit remains. I
The hull is quite deep in the mud and
marah grass, but strangely enough the
inside seems to be dry, except for a little
rain water. Numerous colors once adorned
the sides of the vessel, and even now the
yellows and blues are brilliant. The
picturesqueness of the wreck does not lie
so much in the shape or dilapidation, but
in the great amount of ornamentation on
her sides. A careful examination of the |
hull of this vessel shows that it is not in
very bad condition, as it was built of very
good material.
The cause of the Schiev's abandonment
can only De guessed at, but judging from
her present appearance she was not de-
seneu ucuuuao sue ;
was worthless, but
possibly because she
ran on a mudbank
during very high wa
ter and it was impos
sible to get her off.
Ten years ago the
steamer Protection ,
was a well-known i
vessel, but she ran on
a reef up the coast
about six years ago
and ended her career
as a carrier. She was
patched up and float
ed and towed to Oak
land Creek. Her
owners took the en
gines out and put
them into the Protec
tion that is now en
gaged in the coast
trade, intending to ■
refit the old null as a
sailing vessel. Hard i
times, however, pre- \
vented mem from
doing this, and she
was allowed to go to
ruin.
For a while a cou
ple of cranks made
their homes in the
old hull. One occu
pied the forecastle
and the other the
after cabin, leaving
the amidships see-
■ tion to rats. Tney were comfortably fixed j
and had stoves, beds and other conveni
ences. They might have been there yet !
nad not the old bull sprung a leak a few
months ago. This necessitated their find
ing other places of abode. Since then the
bottom of the hull has all rotted out, so
that the inside of the vessel is like a
pond. The old wreck is not as pic
turesque as the others mentioned, but she
has graceful lines, and tne portion of her
that now shows above water presents an
appearance plepsing to an artist.
On one of the largest ranches in San
Joaquin County there is the wreck of a
sloop in the bottom of a shallow pond.
The hills around it are higher than the
highest water recordea in the locality, so
that the sloop must have drifted over them
not later than 1861. Tne owner of the
ranch says the wreck was there when he
bought the place, twenty-five years ago,
but what its name was or how it came
tnere are facts of which he has not the
least knowledge.
To enumerate all of the wrecks about
yan Francisco would be a long and diffi
cult task. Oakland Creek is full of them
and the bay shore is ornamented by one
every mile or so. There is the wreck of a
big ship up at Frenchmans Island that
nobody knows anything about and on the
eastern shore of the bay there are nearly
a dozen of them. From all of these yes- ■
sels the narues have disappeared and the j
people who live near by have forgotten ]
what they were if they ever knew. But
the fact is that some people soon become
candle-power. The light, as the mariners
see It, is a red and white flash every fifteen
seconds and is visible fifteen miles at sea.
The fog-signal with which the station is
equipped is one of the latest patterns of
that apparatus. Everything about the
ritation is built in duplicate. The whistles
are of the twelve-inch locomotive type and
give a five-second blast every seventy-five
seconds.
The dwelling-rooms of the keepers are
in the tower. There are three bedrooms
and one kitchen, all of them large and
comfortable. Four keepers do all the work
about the station and make the necessary
trips to Crescent City for provisions and
to send the reports to the inspectors.
Baffled, but bravely, like a stag at bay,
She faced the driving gale and angry sea ;
Under short canvas and with helm a-lee,
Hove-to, upon the starboard tack she lay,
And looked into the wind's wild eye that day ;
Over the great, green, rolling billows, she
Rode like a storm bird, and did seem to be
A mist-born phantom rising from the spray.
Her tightened weather-shrouds rang like a lyre,
Swept by the furious storm king as he passed ;
Wild ocean wraiths wailed in the thundering choir,
A thousand demons shrieked in every blast ;
Yet, better far to battle with the gale,
Than drift o'er glassy seas with listless sail.
Louis A. Robertson.
familiar with a wreck and look upon it as
so much old wood and nothing more. The
amount of beauty there may be in its soft
lines appeals them not at all. But those
The St. Georges Reef lighthouse is the
most lonesome station on the coast of
California. In the four years it has been
erected there Has been only one party of
visitors. They were carried out to the
rock by a large steamer from Crescent
City on an unusually fine day. Under
ordinary conditions it is almost as much
as one's life is worth to attempt to land or
leave the rock.
John Olsen has been charge of the St.
Georges Reef station ever since it was
built. In fact, he was one of the workmen
who helped put it up. Since then the
other keepers have been changed three or
four times. It is hard to get men to stay
on the lonely rock.
HOVE TO
who do appreciate the beauties of an old
vessel that has sailed its last voyage will
surely concede it to be the most pic
turesque objects in the world.
His Whole Life
Has Been
One Endless Hardship.
George Clark is one of the human wreck*
of the water front. His life has been one
lons hardship, and there is no sign of a
change in sight. George has his home
under a wharf on the banks of the chan
nel, but he wanders from place to place all
day long, and can often be seen in differ
ent sailors' resorts.
Just when or where George first saw the
light of day is something he don't know,
but he thinks it was in New York City and
about fifty years ago. he looks much
older, but his life has been an awful hard
one.
"My first recollection," said George,
"was of getting a whipping. I don't
know how old I was, but ray father was
doing tne job on the deck of a canal-boat,
while my mother looked on. I remem
ber going to some sort of a charitable
school for several years, wnere 1 was
beaten all the time and then bscic to the
canal-boat and more beatings. Of course
I didn't like the beatings and the first
chance I got ran away to New York,
where I crawled into the hold of a ship.
When I got starved out I came on deck,
where I got whipped and put to work
"How I got around the world until I
was a young man is pretty hard to say. I
was on a good many ships. Some of them
were wrecked and I ran away from some.
But they are all alike— poor food, hard
work and an occasional beating. When
the war of the Rebellion came I was one
of the first men to enlist. I thought I
could not have any harder time than I had
been having, but I got fooled. My company
saw plenty of fighting and privation. I
was captured and spent several months in
a rebel prison before I was exchanged, only
to be captured again in a short time. I
managed to escape to the swamps and
soon became so starved that I passed my
self off as a Southern man and joined a
rebel company. After that I didn't do much
fighting, but had an awful time getting
food.
"Before 1 knew it the war was over and
I got my honorable discharge as a rebel. I
could get no work in the East, so started
to San Francisco, and walked ail the way,
begging my food. It took a long time,
and when I got here the only job I could
get was on a whaler. After a three years'
voyage I owed the ship $1, and had to ship
again to keep from starving. I have made
many voyages since, but no money. In
| fact I have never had $20 at one time in
i my life."HOW THE GREAT
DISCOVERER LIVES
The Man Who Found the
Source of All Living
Organisms.
Is the Author of Many Standard
Books in the Field of
Biology.
His Life Is Very Simple and He Has
the Greatest Distaste for
Money Matters.
Since the publication in The Call two
weeks ago of an article concerning a great
biological discovery made by Dr. Gustav
Eisen of this City, numerous people have
asked many questions about this man who
has just sprung to the foremost ranks in
science. What manner of man is he?
What has he done in the past and how
does he spend his time when not search
ins for the truths of nature ?
To answer any of these questions it :vill
be necessary to take a look at Dr. Eisen's
Vast career and see the different causes
and events that have led to his present
position in the world of learning.
Dr. Eisen was born in Stockholm,
Sweden, and got his education at the Uni- i
versity of Upsala. He took the full course |
and graduated as a Ph.D. in 1872. Most of !
his studies were devoied to zoology, biology I
and geology. He first took up the study j
of objects under the microscope in 1870 ;
and always devoted a great deal of time to I
this branch of science. While still in the !
university he traveled over the southern
portion of Europe and went over the
northern portion as far as the borders of |
Kussia and to the North Cape. He has j
been a student all of his life, and where- j
ever he went made it a point to try to !
add something to the world's store of j
knowledge.
In 1874 Dr. Eisen came to America and
in the course of time reached California, j
.where he took up the study of horticul
ture. In 1880 he went on a two years' ex
ploring expedition to Guatemala and Cen
tral America. He walked at least 1800
miles over the wildest part of the country.
Fora long time he lived in the San Joa- I
quin Valley and devoted himself to the |
study of the raisin and the fig. In fact, it
was Dr. Eisen who discovered that raisins
could be grown in California. It was on
his brother's vineyard where, in 1876, he
saw some grapes in a certain state similar
to what he iiad seen in the Smyrna district
Sketches from the Life of DR. GUSTAV EISEN, Showing the Great Biologist and Discoverer of Life in the Centrosome of the Blood at His Favorite Work in the Field
Collecting Studies for His Microscope.
WHY MR. HANDSTRUM
SHED HIS MUSTACHE.
The Man Who Looked Too Much
Like Blanther.
Showing That Some Policemen Are
Wide Awake for the Gjary.
Street Assassin.
"What's the matter?" asked a friend of
John Handatrum, a carpenter from Oak
land, as the latter stepped from the ferry
boat on this side oi the bay yesterday, j
"No mustache— no spectacles! Hardly
knew you!"
"Speak gently, 1 ' cautioned Handstrum.
•I'm disguising myself lo keep from Jook
ing like aomebody else."
•'You talk in riddles."
"Well, I'll explain," and Handstrum
proceeded. "One day last week I was
standing near the ferry-house over here
waiting for a boat. You know I had a
line mustache. It took me about five
years to grow it. Well, I had it curled in
Ftyle; and then 1 had on a pair of eye
glasses. While I was waiting a big fat
policeman walked up and stood alongside
of me. About that time I heard the ferry
doors slide open with the usual bang, and
J jttarted to make the boat. 1 didn't run
far, though. That policeman had a grip
on my coat and I stopped short.
" 'What do you mean ?' 1 asted.
" '(iive an account of yourself," said the
ofttcer. 'What'B your name?'
" "ilandstrum— John Handstrum,' said
1. Then I told how I was only six months
out here from Ohio; how I had been doing i
along the Mediterranean. He cured them
as he had seen the people of those coun
tries do it, and the result was the starting
of one of the greatest industries of the
State. In 1892 Dr. Eisen was made mi
croscopical investigator of the California
Academy of Sciences, and in January,
1896, he was made curator of microscopy.
During all these years Dr. Eisen has
been constantly at work, and has pro
duced thirty-six books of his observations
and studies. All but three of them have
been published, and those are now ready
to go to press. All of these works have
become the standard in their class, and
| can be found in the greatest scientific li
braries in the world. Dr. Eisen has re
ceived medals and diplomas from the
great universities of the world in honor of
his researches, a few of them bearing the
private seals of some of the Kings of Eu
rope.
With ali of his success Dr. Eisen has re
mained what he was born— a child of na
ture. He loves the meadows and the
mountains, the forests and the streams
and the bright skies. Every living crea
ture that walks, crawls, swims or flies is
his admiration. He likes to see them take
advantage of the gifts of nature, and says
they "epjoy living 83 much as he does."
Of business Dr. Eisen has scarcely any
idea, and very iittle regard for money. In
fact, he Las none beyond the uses to which
he could put it to further his scientific
studies. It is one dollar for himself and
ten dollars for science. If he should be
come a wealthy man to-morrow the
[ chances are that he would not change his
mode of living to any great extent, but
! would devote everything he had to carry
ing out some investigations he now has in
mind.
Dr. Eisen 's disposition is as near perfect
as it is possible for a man's to be. It is al
most impossible to even annoy him, much
less make him angry. He is the personifi
cation of gentleness, and dislikes to harm
i even an insect. When he is out collecting
he is very careful not to cause pain to any
of the creatures that he captures. Even
| the waterdog from the. bottoms of wood-
I land streams he handles most carefully,
; and will allow them to escape if he cannot
capture them without causing pain. When
he has to kill them for his investigations,
he first chloroforms them so that they
shall not suffer.
In spite of his great devotion to science
Dr. Eisen Is most careful about his per
sonal appearance and about the place
where he works. He cares nothing for
fashion, but the clothes he wears are made
to fit him and are always scrupulously
clean. His laboratory in the Academy of
Sciences is neatness itself. There is not a
spot of dirt anywhere, and ail of his instru
ments are where he can put his hand on
any of them in a moment. His laboratory
is a most interesting place. There are
large glass jars filled with what appears to
be only dirty water and slime, but most of
them are very valuable, and contain some
stage of the development of some of the
lower forms of life. Some of them have
I been sent from the remotest parts of the
learth, and if a person went to get them
Ithey would cost thousands of dollars. Dr.
lEisen has most elaborate apparatus for
odd jobs at carpentering and was willing
to tackle anything in the line of work that
turned up.
" 'Your age?' inquired the officer.
'Thirty,' said I.
"The policeman looked me over from
head to foot, and seemed to be doing a
whole lot of thinking. Finally he said,
'Will you come along with me?"
"Tnere was no objection, and in a few
minutes I was at the police station. Tne
captain there sized me up, and be took the
fat policeman aside.
" 'No, no,' I heard the captain say, 'his
head isn't shaped like Blanther's, his feet
are not near as large and his whole ear-
riage is different. Let him go.' I was
then politely told that it was a case of
mistaken identity.
"On the day following 1 went up to
Stockton, expecting to find a job there,
and no sooner bad I landed than a smart
policeman swooped down on me. Before
he could begin his string of questions I
remarked: 'Keep cool, old man. I'm not
Blanther.'
" 'But I don't know,' murmured the offi
cer, and he escorted me to the office of the
Chief of Police in Stockton, where it was
again demonstrated that I wasn't Bian
ther. The Chief then allowed me to look
at Blanther's picture.
"Say, I couldn't get to a barber's any too
quick 10 suit me. The mustache went,
and you don't catch me wearing glasses
on the street as long as I can avoid it. I
haven't been arrested since 1 shed the
mustache. You see the officers thought
Blanther might be trying to sneak out of
the country in laborers' clothes. Do you
blame me for disguising myself? No;,
well, come and have a punk on the
strength of my luck in escaping the gal
lows." _________ — ____^__
During the last two centuries the wealth
of Ureat Britain has increased forty -fold.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
The Patriotism of Two American Girls,
In The Call of the 4th of May last it Was announced that the Valentine Holt Society of the Children of the American
Revolution of this City had elected as honorary members of the society two young American girls— Frances I. and Constance N\,
daughters of G. M. Fairchild Jr., of " Ravenciiffe," Quebec, whose father is a well-known New York merchant.
The "particular act which prompted 11-year-old Isabel Denni
son, a member of the society, by resolution, to place the young
ladies on the honorary roll of membership was the placing of a
j tablet to mark the graves of thirteen American soldiers, who
j tell with General Richard Montgomery in the attack on Quebec
I in the efforts of tnat gallant officer to secure that part of the
! country to the American colonies.
A few days since Mrs. A. S.
Hubbard, president of the Val
entine Holt Society, received a
letter of acknowledgment from
the father of the Misses Fair
child; also a letter from the
eldest of the two girls, who is
now 15, in which were inclosed
photographs of the writer and
of the tablet.
The photograph of the tablet,
as now shown, was taken when
the tablet was first placed
within the walls of the old
prison and directly over the
one grave of the thirteen sol
diers. The increasing number
of visitors to view the monu
ment to the memory of the
privates of au army of heroes
became at last such an incon
venience to the military au
thorities that they requested
the Misses Fairchild to remove
the tablet to the outer wall of
the building, about in the same
position, however, and, the re
quest being granted, the in
scription was changed to read
"within this building and di
rectly beneath thin tablet," etc.
Mr. Fairchild is a merchant
of New York City who has a
home on the Hudson and one
at Cap- Rouge on the St. Louis
road, Quebec, overlooking the
St. Lawrence, and whose pa
triotism is known to every
American who visits Quebec.
In his letter to the president of
the local society he wrote:
Your kindness bringing to the
society over which you preside
the act of my two young daugh
ters in having a tablet placed
over the remains of the thir
teen soldiers who were killed
with their gallant leader, Gen
eral Montgomery, in the assault at
Pres-de-Ville, Quebec, has deeply
touched us all. The resolution of
the society and the election of my
daughters" as honorary members
have given them even greater
pleasure than the successful
issue of their persistent and
untiring efforts to secure the
necessary permission to erect
the tablet, , for at all points
they were confronted with diffi
culties—official prejudices, red
tajiHsni and a narrow nationalism
on the part of the public. Your
society is the first to recognize the
zeal of the young ladies, and they
are aeeply conscious of the honor
it has done them and very proud
to think that from far-away Cali
fornia came the beautiful tic-
I knowlcdgmont of their patriotic
effort to add their mite toward
commemorating the heroic deeds
of long ago.
Their lull names and ages are:
| Frances Isabel Fairchild, aged 15
! years, and Constance Xeilson Fair-
I child, aged 13 years. The chil
' dren's grandfather on the matei
j nal side was one of the early pio-
I neers in California, reaching there
j early in 1850, and was a resident
; of San Fraucisco for many years
and a citizen. He now resides
near us and is a frequent visitor.
His great pleasure is to relate the
story of life in California in those
days to very interested grand
children.
The elder Miss Fairchild, in
the July issue of St. Nicholas
of last year, pave an illustrated
and very interesting coconut of
the tablet, and in another ar
ticle, published in another pa
per, she gave an account, of the
imprisonment of the American
troops in Quebec.
In her letter to Miss F. M.
Walton, secretary of the Val
entine Holt Society, she wrote:
My sister and I were so much
pleased with Mrs. Hubbard's kind
letter, telling us that your society
had elected us nonorary members.
It is. indeed, n very great honor,
of which we are deeply sensible.
No other society has before this recognized onr efforts to do some
thing for the poor soldiers who lay in an unmarked grave in Que
bec. Our marble tablet is now in place, and looks very handsome
on the outside walls of the old military prison. The remains
were placed in a large coflin and buried inside the building close
beside the wall, near where they were found.
Perhaps you would line to hear something of our visit to the old
military prison a few days after the finding of the bones. The old
soldier in charge, named Lewis, was pleased to see us, and, after a
short talk, in which he described everything that had taken place,
A DIRECTOR AND
A CAR CONDUCTOR.
Why Alvinza Hayward Thought
an Employe Stupid.
Proving That Those Who Make Rules
Are Often the First Ones to
Break Them.
That those who make rules are generally
the first to break them received another
illustration a few days since. Everybody
knows, of course, that Alvinza Hayward is
one of the directors of the Market-street
system of street railroads. As such he
carries a pass, which he uses daily on the
Post-street line on his way to and from the
Union-Pacific Club.
All tho conductors on that line know
him, and when lie takes his seat in a car
he simply nods and that is equivalent to
a fare ; or when he has three or four friends
with him a wave of the hand in their di
rection "goes" with the ticket-puncher.
One day about noon Mr. Hayward was
on his wav to the club, and while in the
car took notice of the fact that the con
ductor passed by a passenger and did not
collect his fare.
"Has that gentleman a pass?" asked
the director of the conductor.
"He has, sir," was the calm and polite
reply.
"Then you ought to know that is your
business to make him show it," was the
admonition of the director, and with that
the delinquent official returned to the
platform at the rear end of the train
blushing like a maiden who receives her
first oflergof marriage.
| we followed him to another part of the queer old building to
see the room in which the large coffin had been reinterred.
The reason they were buried inside of the building a few days
after the attack on Quebec, December 31, 1775, was because of
the city being in a state of siege, also on account of the snow out
side iind the hardness of the ground. Graves were, however,
dug with great difficulty for General Montgomery and his two
aids-de-camp, Cheeseman and McPherson, In the middle of the
i courtyard. From there the body of General Montgomery was re-
FRANCES I. FAIRCHILD. the 15-Year-Old American Girl
Who, With Her Sister, Constance N., Caused the Erec
tion of the Memorial Tablet in Quebec Over the Graves
of the American Soldiers Who Fell With Montgomery.
ISABEL DENMSON, the 11 -Year-Old Member of the Valen
tine Holt Society of the Children of the American
Revolution of This City, Who Suggested the Election
of the Misses Fairchild to Honorary Membership.
After the railroad magnate left the car
the earner of 22 cents an hour who had
been eluded was seized with a feeling of
resentment and remarked to an acquaint
ance, "I'll get even with that fellow yet."
A few days later Mr. Hayward boarded
the same car, but the incident of the pass
no loneer occupied his mind. Not so with
the conductor. His caar.ee had come, and
winking to the acquaintance to whom he
had made the remark about eettinar even,
and who happened to be on the train at
that time, he npproached the director, wao
was accompanied by a friend. Hayward
made the usual waving motion with the
hand, but the innocent conductor refused
to "catch on" and said, ''Fare, please."
The director glanced up with a look of
astonishment on his face and noticing that
the man before him was waiting, and had
not recognized him, said, "25," which is
the number of his pass.
The opportunity had come, and the
ticket-puncher made the most of it. In the
suavest manner he said: Let me see it,
please."
The look of astonishment on the direc
tor's face changed to one of anger as he
put his hand in his inside vest nocket and
drew therefrom the piece of pasteboard
that entitles him to ride free.
The conductor, having had a lf view,"
returned to his post at the end cf the car,
and as he did so winked twice to his ac
quaintance. In the meantime the di
rector, who wa3 slowly recovering from
the shock he had received, remarked to
hisiriend: "It is astonishing how stupid
some men are. He ought to know me as
well as I know yon."
Chief of Secret Police— 'Nother important ar
rest, sire.
The Czar— Great Romanoff I Is it » member
of the Bomb-throwers' Union?
Chief of Secret Police— We think bo. sire. At
least, she is wearing a bombazim dress.—
Cleveland Plaindealer.
procure a tablet to mark the resting place of the American sol
diers, and after they had the money, then came the most dif
ficult part. The eranting of the permission, however, is a credit j
to the Canadians almost as great as the granting of the Dennis- •
sion by tne Canadian Legislature as "an act of honor to New j
York"*to remove the remains of General Montgomery, so they
might be taken to the city of New York. These now rest under
b monument in the rear of St. Paul's Church, Broadway, erected
by Congress, but which is now falling into decay.
FILLMORE RIDES
ON SUTTER STREET.
An Octopus Manager Who Does
Not Like Mr. Vining.
How Some of the Profits of the
Southern Pacific Go to the
Opposition Line.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific Company and General Manager
Vining of the Market-street Railway Com
pany are not attuned to the same key, and
as a result the former refuses to ride any
longer on tne streetcars of the latter.
Having occasion recently to go to the
Western Addition on a social call, Mr.
Fillmore walked up from Montgomery
and Market streets to Butter, and there
lightly swung himself aboard the dummy.
On the same seat sat a friend of the
genial manager of the great corporation.
Soon tdey were pleasantly chatting of
matters widely removed from the "shop."
"Say. old man, box comes it that you
are patronizing an opposition line.
"Oh, I've got no use for that old chuckle
headed "
The answer that Mr. Fillmore made,
| while almost entirely printable so far as
its adjectives go, being not in the form of
a sworn affidavit, will not be reproduced
herewith. It is stated, however, that this
answer was not entirely complimentary,
and that it outlined in unpoetic language
the manager's good and sufficient reason
for not wishing to encourage what some
have facetiously called Mr. Vining's Bu
reau for the Promotion of Southern Pa
i cine Enemies.
moved in 1818 to New York, but
those of the aidvde-uamp still re
main there.
It is our purpose to try to raise
anotner contribution of a com
paratively small sum, 925 or $30,
to erect a large bowlder of. (ana- '■
dian granite, with a small space
smoothed off, so as not to leave
the graves of these nids-de-camp
unmarked. The military authori
ties will probably give us cannon
andchalns to place around it.
Tne old military prison, now a [
storehouse for military supplies,
is an exceedingly interesting place
to visit. It is in the form oi a half
circle, imbedded in the Old fortifi
cation wall, close beside one of
the main gates of tne old walled
city. The passage leading to cells
is in entire darkness, and the cells
themselves are heavily stoned
apartments, with but one small
grating to each to admit light and
air. Military culprits were im
prisoned there for various of
fenses. "
When the bodies of the thirteen
American soldiers were disin
terred, close by one of them was
found a pair of rusty scissors,
which hed evidently been in the
breast pocket of hts coat. These,
together with the skull of one of
the men, are now in a glass case
in the room.
At Cap-Rouge, where we now re
side, the American troops in 1775
had important earthwork.*, and a
large body was encamped there
and also at i^t. Foye, two miles
nearer Quebec. Trie main army
was billeted in the village and the
old church was converted into a
hospital. "Holland House" was
General Montgomery's headquar
ters, and in the garden several
boaies were found a few years
ago mid were identified as Ameri
can soldiers by the buttons.
Our next-door neighbors' house
was at that period the country
seat of the English Governor,
(•romahe, and Henry, who wrote
an interesting memoir of the
Montgomery campaign, describes
a visit General Montgomery made
with several companies to loot
the house. An old woman in
charge neurly entrapped them all
by telling them that valuables
were secreted in the cellar, and
invited them to go down, her in
tention being, no doubt, to close
the trapdoor on them once they
were in the cellar. They were i
suspicious and declined the mvi- I
tation, but secured enough to put j
them in great good humor with
the result of their visit.
On the south shore of the St.
Lawrence, directly opposite our
house, is the Chaudic-rre River,
down which the Arnold expedi- j
tion labored after its terrible jour- I
ney through the Maine wilder
m-ss. The whole country around i
here is full 01 associations of that ■
memorable though disastrous |
campaign.
Should you or any of the mem- !
hers of your society ever visit
Quebec we will be delighted to
accompany you or them to the |
many places of interest about the |
city. |
It was in the early part of i
last year that the Canadian
military authorities in over
hauling the oM military prison j
accidentally unearthed'the re- ;
mains of the American sol- ;
diers. The workmen wanted
to scatter the bones of the sol
diers, but an old English sol- j
dier, Patrick Lewis, an arti- ,
ficer of the military stores, j
wii!i true soldier's chivalry, in- |
terposed an objection and de- \
clared that though tiie bones
wen those of the enemy tboy
were those of soldiers, and I
sbould be respected. He se- j
cured all of these, and with the
assistance of J. M. Lemoine,
Quebec's historian, reinterred
them beneath the flooring of
the southeast corner of the
prison. When the Misses
Fairchild learned of this they i
started a $1 subscription to ■
breeding bacteria and decomposing certain
substances. He also has a machine for
cutting an ordinary angle worm into 70,000
perfect slices.
Dr. Eisen's daily life is most simple, as
are also his tastes in other matters. He is
an early riser, and either goes direct to
his laboratory, or else out into the field to
hunt for specimens.
It is no small undertaking to prepare
even one small slide for examination under
the microscope, and the work must be
done in a certain way or the result is a
failure. Dr. Eisen's method of preparing
blood slides is in principle the same as that
used by all other microscopical investi
gators in the world.
The first thing to do is to get the speci
men. Say it is to be that of the ordinary
water-does that are found in plenty in the
streams about San Francisco. Dr. Eisen
always does his own collecting, for there
are many things to be considered. The
age of the reptile is of the greatest im
portance, and after the reptile is removed
from the water in a net, the doctor makes
a careful examination. Should the creature
prove to be too old, he replaces it in the
pool, and it loses no time in finding a
comfortable place under a rock.
It is rather a remarkable thine that
when Dr. Eisen is collecting these crea
tures they show little fear of him, and
even when he has them in his hands will
lie quiet until he either puts them in a
bottle or returns them to their native ele
ment in the pool.
Having satisfied himself with a speci
men Dr. Eisen pnt it into a specially pre- i
pared water-bottle. He usually takes the j
water-dogs a little too young and keeps i
them in bis laboratory until they are the
right age for experiments.
Having chloroformed the reptile to be
sacrificed to science, Dr. Eisen quickly
makes an incision with a scalpel of razor
sharpness and lays bare the tiny heart.
This he takes hold of with a pair of small
tweezers and then outs it so that the drop
or two of blood the creature possesses will
flow. He then rapidly rubs the heart over |
a number of clean glass slides that nave j
been warmed. This leaves an almost mi- j
perceptible lilm of a faint ruby color on
them. They are then laid away to dry for
forty-eight hours. In doing this work it
is necessary to move like lightning, as
that single drop of blood must be spread
over twenty or thirty slides within two or
three minutes, or the crimson fluid will
coagulate.
Should one of these slides be put under j
a high-power microscope without further !
preparation very little could be seen. The j
corpuscles would show as tiny shells, but
1 hat is all. In order to be able to see what
the blood contains the slides must be
"stained." Different stains bring out dif
ferent parts. There are thousands of
stains in general use, and new ones are
being constantly discovered. It has been
the discovery of certain stains that have
enabled certain bacteria to be seen. For
instance, the stain that will reveal bacilli
tuberculoses would have no effect on the
cholera microbe, and vice versa. It was
by the discovery of a new method of stain- j
ing that Dr. Eisen was enabled to make j
his recent great discovery.
Not only are single stains used, but they
are combined in hundreds of ways, each
producing a different result. The methods
of handling tne *stains also vary greatly.
Some must be fixed with acid, and some
with alcohol or other chemical.
If a plate is examined before being
stained and then afterward it seems like
magic. In the first place there was almost
nothing, and in the last beautiful forms in
brilliant colors and delicate outline are
visible.
The blood from the same animal can be
put on fifty different slides, and by care
ful staining can be made to give fifty dif
ferent results. In some only portions of
certain cells will appear, and in others the
cells will be invisible and only the blood
parasites show. And yet the same ele
ments exist in the same proportion on
every one of the slide 3.
Tlh© Governor's First
Trap to Y©s©miit© a
"This is where wff pitched our tent in '72, the first time I saw Yosemite, and a jolly
time we had, too" — is doubtless the exclamation of Governor Budd when he
reached a certain spot in Yosemite Valley, for it was in August of that year that he,
his classmate and chum, Thomas P. Woodward, his brother John— all three University
students— and Mr. Wilson, a clerk of Judge Budd's, left Stockton for Yosemite, taking
in the Big Trees on the road.
The party hired an express wagon, with horses, for $3 25 per day, taking their own
tent, blankets and food, besides quite an armory, consisting of three shotguns, two
rifles and four pistols, with which they repelled intruders and shoot game along the
road for food — the three boys being fine shots.
A letter written at that time says: "From Stockton we took the Knights Ferry
road and had to cut across to Telegraph City: there we passed seven or eight miles
above Copperopolis, and after wandering among the chaparral for several hours to
find Wilsons house we camped about 12 o'clock in somebody's barn." At Yose
mite the boys found already in the valley another party from the university consist
ing of Professor Joseph Le Conte, Clarence Wetmore, George Reed, Spotts and Robert
McKee.
The accompanying engraving was copied from a photograph taken after the camp
ers' return to Stockton by a photographer of the remarkable cognomen of J. Pitcher
Spooner, who, as the boys discovered too late, made the incongruous combination of
wildwood foreground with a parlor background.
The figure with the gun across the knees is that of our now worthy Governor, that
in the center Thomas P. Woodward, and the other John E. Budd, lately appointed
Regent of the university by his brother. Maby Woodwabd Edwakus.
AN EXTRA WINK
IN THE MORNING.
How a Kansas Man Has
Gained More Sleep Be
fore Breakfast.
Has Invented a Machine to Feed
His Horse by Pressing a
Button.
Is Now Working on a Device to Drop
On the Harness and Faslen It
Automatically.
A Kansas man is just now receiving the
plaudits of his fellow-laborers. He has
figured out an extra hour's sleep in the
early morning, a boon for tne toilers who
must be at shop and factory at 7 a. m. The
genius who has solved this problem is
| John McDonald, an industrious and frugal
i Scotchman of Armourdale, a suburb of
! Kansas City, Kans. Mr. McDonald is a
mechanical engineer who keeps a horse to
drive to Ilia work every morning in Kan
sas City, Mo. While thi3 means of travel
is superior to the streetcar facilities af
forded by Armourdale, there were some
inconveniences attached to it by reason of
the necessity of leaving a warm bed an
hour earlier in the morning in order that
the horse, as we'l as McDonald, might
J have time to eat and digest his breakfaat
j in peace.
In the cold winter months this is a very
disagreeable duty. McDonald lay in bed
one night and figured out a device that
would obviate this thing. Above the
horse's manger he constructed a box with
the bottom of it made in the form of a lid
that drops down when a catch is pulled.
Attached to a catch is a wire that runs up
to a little pulley suspended from the floor
lof the hay loft. It passes over the pulley
; and out through a small hole in the side
|of the barn above the door. From there
it ia stretched along tne yard on poles
I through rings at the top of them and is
passed through a small aperture in the
casing at the top of the back door of the
house, thence around the kitchen wall, up
a stairway to McDonald's bedroom, ter
minating in a wooden handle within arm's
reach of his bed.
At night when McDonald reaches home
and stables his horse he fixes its bedding
of straw, puts a sufficient quantity of hay
in the rack for two meals, puts a measure
j of feed in the animal's manger for supper
and in the box over its manger for its
breakfast. Then his stable work is done
j tor the night and for the morning, too.
After this he may go to his own supper,
and, if he desires, can stay in the house
the rest of the evening. At 5 o'clock in
the morning McDonald awakens and pulls
the string at his bedside, and the feed
drops from the box to the manger, and the
horse has before Dim a repast of oats for
breakfast. McDonald turns over then and
sleeps till 6 o'clock. Then he gets up and
has nothing to do but eat his own break
fast, hitch up and go to work at his own
leisure.
McDonald's next scheme is in the nature
of a swinging harness that will drop on
the horse's back and snap together when
; the catch on the feedbox is pulled. When
this feat shall have been accomplished it
will be in order for the world to taKe off its
hat to the Kansas man.
2526
IT'S ALL IN THE
CUTTING AND FITTING
(Wn t/fcat Way P\*2* °?
Bv©v/rt fio\Ur\6.
The Vioonitesse Yoes do Ponatvwe, who belongs to a cele
brated athletic club known as tne "Societe de Sport," at a
recent meeting of the sportswomen appearedin a gown which
excited much admiration. It must have been created by a dress
maker who had just been carefully reading Ouida's "Moths."
The description of the toilet I commend to your serious con
sideration: "The stuff wherefrom it was manufactured was
nothing but ordinary brown holland. This brown holland was,
however, entirely covered with fine self-colored soutache or nar
row braid, sewn on in waving lines like those which shine upon
moire antique silk; the skirt was by no means exaggerated in
width, and the little jacket opened on a smart waistcoat of white
corded satin, high-collared and closed with a succession of tiny
jade buttons. The hat which crowned this stylish costume was
of plaited rushes of their natural hue, surrounded by a deep
band of ecru and white striped corded satin ribon, and fastened
on the left side by a buckle of hammered and burnished gold,
set with sapphires."
This should impress on your minds Lady Dolly's remark,
"Cut your gown out of your dog's towel or your horse's cloths
if you like, but mind who cuts it."
For the matron and the maid alike Laferriere, Rouff, Doucet
and Raudwitz have made up innumerable costumes in the ac
cepted style. The bodices are all covered with embroideries on
linen and the .skirts are plain. Elegant, extravagant, exquisite
simplicity is the order of the day, but the Grand Prix is close at
hand and it is whispered that each and every one of the well
known Paris houses has a surprise in store, and no woman with
a trace of vanity will disclose the cut. or fabric of her costume
for that evantful day. One noted dressmaker admits that many
of her creations will be composed of a crepe de chine and coarse
canvas enters into the compositions of other equally fetching,
for they are given an air of great chic by the embroidery upon
them done in white floss silk, with white leather flowers with
diamond centers. A chapeau which goes with such frocks has
a glace silk lining. With one such creation is to be worn a
manilla straw, having a narrow border of black garlanded with
Marechal Niel roses. The roses are rarely perfect and made
of kid. Under the brim is a compact mass of pink ones. Anoth
er hat is of a violine straw, adorned with shaded poppies. These
flowers are extremely popular and will also appear on a third
hat of thick twisted straw of the new vert saule. The sun
shades will be something to excite both wonder and admiration,
being true works of art, created by famous designers.
Sleeves are still much discussed and it is perfectly safe to ad
vise you ali not to h3ve any more great puffy affairs, as the
leading actresses of the world who set the fashions are many
cf them appearing in absolutely tight sleeves frequently un
modified by even the friendly frill or the epaulette. Miss Maud
Hobson, the leading lady of Daly's London Theater, wears in
"The Geisha" a black gown with the skirt lined with rosy pink
taffeta. The bodice is entirely composed of iace and steel and
diamond embroidery mounted on rose-colored taffeta. The
sleeves are of the same handsome stuff and perfectly outline the
arms. Very excellent is a gown for a young girl worn by Miss
Moore in 'Rosemary"; it is strictly old Victorian and we are
assured that with modifications we are to shortly see a return
of those styles. The frock to which I allude is here illustrated
and is composed of white muslin daintily embroidered and is
made over rose silk. The huge bow that ties the sleeves is of
rose-colored taffeta ribbon. Note the arrangement of the hair;
by next winter half of us may be wearing ours arranged in a
similar manner. This clever actress wears another dress of the
same period and a pelisse. The sown is of light blue glace with
ecru embroidery. The chemisette is of muslin and lace. With
this toilet is worn a large hat of white satin straw lined with
pink satin and adorned with pink bows and white feathers. The
pelisse is of dove gray cloth trimmed with black velvet. The
large black velvet hat has trimmings of pink rosettes and
feathers.
I strongly recommend a coat and skirt of cedar-colored
alpaca for a brunette or demi-blonde.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE PLANK
Will the Democratic State Con
vention Put One in Its
Platform ?
Arrangements Being Made for the Com
ing Campaign by the Woman
Suffrage Association.
What will the Democratic State Conven
tion do with the woman suffrage plank?
This is the question that is heard on every
side. Will it be iike the case of the little
boy who watched another eating an a^>ple
and asked if he niit;ht have the core?
"There ain't going to be any core," was
the reply. Perhaps there isn't going to be
any plank. Perhaps after ail the others
have been hewn and whittled into shape
to suit the great body who will vote upon
them there will not be so much as a
splinter left to make a plank for the poor
disfranchised woman to stand upon.
What chance would a body of men have [
who should go before a convention for !
political favors without a single vote at j
their back? What opportunity have '
women in a convention where every dele
gate has a fight of his own on hand; where ,
there are contested delegations struggling i
for the supremacy, factions arrayed |
against each other, personal animosities
to be satisfied, every man with a knife up
bis sieeve?
Yet this wa3 the case at the Republican j
convention, and we not only got our plank, !
but a lot ol pleasant courtesies and strong
manly encouragement, and we came away
with our little suffrage badges fluttering
in the breeze and a hallelujah singing in i
our hearts.
Why should the result be any different
at the Democratic Convention? What has :
this Democratic party done, in times past,
that makes everybody exclaim with one
loud voice, "It will do nothing in favor of
woman suffrage." The newspapers, the
politicians, writers (such as Arthur Mc-
Ewen), all warn us in the most solemn
manner to expect nothing from the Dem
ocratic Convention. People seem aston
ished when we tell them we expect to take
a portion of our very limited means and
go to Sacramento. But that is exactly
what we shall do. The small unterrified
will go to the great unterrified. No polit
ical party shall say it was slighted by the i
woman suffragists. We will have tne
same headquarters, make the same efforts
and Miss Anthony and Miss Shaw will ad
dress the platform committee if allowed.
Then, if we are "turned down," refused
recognition, sent home empty-Handed,
the Democratic women of the State will
know that we did all we could; that the !
party which their fathers* and husbands
and sons support has no use for the ;
mothers and wives and daughters, who I
also would loyally support it. Th^y will
understand that it is from one or all of
the other parties they must receive their
political liberty.
But I do not believe the convention will
dc this unjust and impolitic thing. There
are no greater sticklers for the "constitu
tion? than the Democrats. The State
constitution of California, article I, section
2, declares, "All political power is inherent
in the people." If we admit that women
are "people" and the Supreme Court of
the United States has so decided, then
political power is "inherent" or inborn,
or as much the property of women as of
men. The men have usurped it and the
women are unlawfully deprived of it. Sec
tion 21 of the same article declares:
"Nor shall any citizen, or class of citizens,
be granted privileges or immunities
which, upon the same terms, . j hall not be
granted to all citizens." Women have
been declared "citizens" by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and, therefore,
according to this section, they should have
W^'te t/oAetr.
For young girls' frocks of white drill,
made in the skirt and coat style, are es
pecially pretty, when completed by vests
of pale pink, blue or lavender batiste,
striped with narrow insertions of Valen
ciennes lace and little frills of the same.
In spite of all the beautiful fabrics offered
this season. I know that young maidens
of limited means can dress and look their
best if they will keep to white toilets, as,
with the additions of ribbon, etc., they can
always look well; for only too frequently
the dainty colored lawns and organtlies
are sad wrecks on returning from the laun
dry, and we have also to remember that
the cost of material is very slight when
compared to the sum paid for making up
and ttK' "findings." Girls show a liking
for alpaca, and a pale blue one is very
tasteful, which has every seam outlined
with ecru guipure and a fluffy mousseline
vest over blue silk; on the mousseline i 3
appliqued a line of guipure insertion
exactly down the center.
fi^^t to tfre
For many months past the most skilled
workers of embroidery in all Russia have
been hard at work embroidering in heavy
white satin the Tsarina's coronation robe.
It was so enormously long that it had to
be worked in pieces. At length it was j
completed and reached the court dress- |
maker, but on unrolling it they discovered
that all the silver employed had turned
quite "black, the paper used for wrapping
having had some chemical which acted
upon the silver. As a result up to the last
moment skilled ringers were kept busy
completing another train, which, however,
did not by any means equal the first in
splendor.
all the privileges granted to men, includ
ing that of voting.
But men made this constitution; no
woman's opinion! wa3 asked, no.woman's
voice was heard, and after this broad and
liberal declaration of rights its framers
began to nullify it. In the very next para
graph, article 11, they state, "Every na
tive male citizen, »-very male naturalised
citizen, etc., shall he entitled to vote at all
elections — provided, that he is not a na
tive of China, au idiot, an insane person
or a person convicted of crime, " etc. j
Think of the indignity put upon women,
while they were peacefully at home at
tending to their womanly duties!
Now it is this obnoxious word 'male" I
that the eleventh amendment proposes to I
strike out. The women are willing to be j
barred from votine if they are natives of j
China, idiotic, insane or criminal. No
woman included in this category is pro
testing because she is disfranchised. But
there are a good many thousand women*
in California who do not belong to any of
these classes, but who possess every quali
fication under which men vote, except
that, through no fault of their own or
anybody^ else's, they happened not to be
born of "the male sex. The vast majority
of these women are moral and law-abid
ing; large numbers of them are well-edu
cated; many are tax-payers; hundreds
are in business; in every community they
are found in the churches, the charitable
organizations, the literary and social
circles. They are the conservators of the
home, the mothers of the race. Women
in California, as well as elsewhere, have
made immense progress in the last half
century. There is a vast difference be
tween the women who presided over the
•spinning-wheel and the soap-kettle of
those early days, and those who preside
over the congresses and the business estab
lishments and the university classrooms
of the present day.
If a small body of brainy, progressive
men, such as framed the Constitution of
California, could come together now and,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JttNE 14, 1896.
Now that the Tux-B I supply himself with
edo is greatly increas-M B these most useful ar
ing in ropularityM B tides of dress. But
every man who doesH B stay a moment,
not already own oneM I Y.'.ir own judgment
stiould hasten to aB B about the garment
real good tailor and should be sound.
Now, what is the Tuxedo? It is a coat that has a number of names besides that of
Tuxedo. It is often called a dress smoking-jacket. It is known also as the Coweg
coat and dress lounge jacket. It is made of that special cloth with an plastic finish,
smooth to the touch, but with a perceptible thread. This year it has a s-ilk roll collar,
is rather short, rounded and has or has not two pockets, but do breast-pockets.
You see how very useful such a garment is; but don't make the mistake of having
a breast-pocket in your Tuxedo.
It can be worn at the club, at stag dinners, at the play, at one's home in the even
ing and even to dinner at hotels and restaurants when a man is alone or with permis
sion of his wife when they are tete-a-tete. A black satin tie, black waistcoat and
trousers of ditto material to the coat, patent ieather pumps and black .hose are worn
with it. A straw, black Derby or black Hambourg, but not a silk or crush hat.
The Twkeds.— Ail the newest tweeds have a touch of green or red about them over
a gray ground; but for morning or business suits homespuns, cheviots and brown,
blue and gray checks are also used. What horribly cut sack suits some men will ap
pear in! Says an authority : "T..e sack coat has three buttons, is single-breasted and
rounded awoy gradually in front. The English coats have even the flaps of the coat
pockets rounded to keep in with the style. The hang of the coat is as nearly straight
as possible. The shoulders are square, and for the average man the length of the coat
should be thirty-two inches."
At Newport but few frock coats and top hats are seen, even at garden parties, but
much in evidence are tweed or shepherd's plaid lounge or morning suits and straw
hats. The Tuxedo, at summer resorts, is now seen, whereas, a year ago. evening dress
only was countenanced. Cycling and golf togs are frequently worn until it is time to
appear in the dinner jacket.
The Clvb Tie.— During this season the cravat or club ties will be most fashionable.
In width they are about one and a half inches, have perfectly square ends, and are
tied in a "light"' bow. These are to be had in linen and cotton, and in silks of various
shades, lines and patterns. No man having any pretense to smartness would be seen
with a colored or colored bordered handkerchief; those of sheer white linen with narrow
hems are correct, Th 6 tie moat worn when golfing or cycling is a white or figured linen
Ascot. It is arranged around a soft linen band like the riding-stick, which band
takes the place of a collar.
The Blue' Serge.— Some men have an idea that blue serge suits are economical.
Now this is not the case, as they usually appear to have the faculty of attracting du-t,
easily spot, and not infrequently pull at the pockets and buttonholes, and become
shiny in a brief time; besides, they are so universally worn that, of course, they have
lost all distinction.
Round-Toed Shoes.— We ahould rejoice over the modification of two absurdities.
The first is the disappearance of the long-tailed frock coat and its full skirts, and the
second is the banishment of pointed shoes, the rouna toe now only being correct.
New Outing Hose.— Many of the golf and cycling stockings just from London
have a gay pattern worked on the part that turns over. In color they are to be had
in dark brown, grays and fawns. For evening wear black silk hose are correct, with
patent leather pumps. With afternoon dress black silfc or lisle thread hose with
colored figures are fashionable, with buttoned walking boots of patent leather. C. C.
in the light of the new era for womankind,
could expunge that word "male" and
place both men and women upon the
broad basis of their original Magna Charta,
there is no doubt that they would doit;
but it is too late. This question of justice
and liberty for women must be acted upon
by the whole body of voters. Go into the
alums of our cities, go where you will,
among the ignorant, the degraded, the
drunken, the vicious, there you find the
men who will sit in judgment upon the
question of political freedom for the
women of California. And not one woman
in all this great State can go to the ballot
box and place therein the expression of
her own desire in this matter. This con
dition of affairs should appeal in the
strongest manner to the honest, intelli
gent, fair-minded men of the State. If
they allow prejudice, conservatism or in
difference to influence them to vote against
the enfranchisement of women, by so
much they ally themselves with that
iower class which will not laif to vote in
opposition. Our fate rests entirely in the
hands of the so-called better element of
the voters. If they fail us our cause is
lost.
This brings us back to the question of
the Democratic convention, '/he condi
tions are not exactly the same as at the
Republican convention. During the past
six weeks the forces opposing woman
suffrage have rallied and prepared for
action. Since the opening of the cam
paign not one word has been said on the
suffrage platform in condemnation of any
kind of business, no special reforms have
been advocated, no threats or promises
made as to what women will do when they
get the ballot. Yet the persons engaged
in certain occupations have organized an
anii-^uffrage organization, raised a large
sum of money, and prepared for a bitter
fight against the eleventh amendment.
This corruption fund already speaks in
the attitude of certain newspapers,
and will be still more evident as the
campaign progresses. This influence will
Zt\<& COXEIDCD
1% 15SEF15L.
sojj
Fawn cheviot is the material used in
the successful composition of this smart
dress. The vest is of petunia velvet, and
the inner one of creamy white cloth. The
Panama straw hai has two quills at the left j
i side, and coquilles of white glace ribbon
edged with velvet. A tailor gown should
be owned by every woman, as nothing
can take its place. It must be made by a
: good tailor no matter how simple the |
fabric. Such gowns cost from $50 to al
! most any price one chooses to pay.
Great is the vogue being enjoyed by can
vas dresses, and one I like, of a fawn color,
has a bolero bodice edged with black lace
and jet. The revers are of white satin
covered with a fine applique of grass lawn.
! The cream-white chine vest, with touches
of green, is veiled with a mousseline de
: soie, on which is appliqued grass lawn.
The hat worn may be of a dark shade of j
brown trimmed with green and creamy j
roses and tulle, or of a green straw with j
Marechal Neil buds and white tulle.
Many of us would like to own a dear '
little frock in pink, gray and white striped j
I silk. It has a lace jacket effect over a I
| pinky gray silk bodice, which fastens with \
I handsome sapphire buttons surrounded
'■ with diamonds. A slender, golden-haired ,
■ debutante is a picture in this creation. A
j new chameleon silk . of blue and gray is >
\ made decorative with a fichu composed of j
j exquisitely fine lawn and lace. The basque j
j is set into a point and a slash of turquoise
i blue crepe encircles the waist. The sieeves
: have merely short puffs at the top and are
embroidered in many colored straws to the
wrist. This straw embroidery is a novelty
! and I should not think a very comfortable
I adornment for long sleeves.
concentrate upon the Democratic conven
tion to prevent a woman-suffrage plank in
the plattorm. Every possible argument
will be made to defeat it; nothing will be
left undone. It has some splendid advo
cates among the Democrats— men who
will tight for it on the floor of the conven
tion if necessary. If there are enoug iof
these men the resolution will go through,
but that cannot be known until the last
moment.
The Democracy runs no risk in adopt
ing this plank. Those who are disgruntled
on account of it cannot turn to either Re
publican, Populist or Prohibition party,
for they will find it in all of these. All
they can do is simply to work and vote
against it, and the party will be in no wise
injured. If, by the one act of«rejecting
t..is plank, the party could carry the State
in November, there might be some excuse
for so doing, but the feeling against it is
not so intense or so widespread as to win a
sure majority for the party which opposes
it. On the other hand, should the amend
ment carry, and there is a much better
prospect for it than appears from a super
ficial view, the Democratic party might as
well share in the prestige that will bo en
joyed by those parties which advocated It.
For the sake cf the thousands of loyal
Democratic women in the State, it cannot
afford to sliow less confidence in them
than the other three parties have shown
in their women; nor could it ask for their
votes with as good a grace after it has
done all in its power to prevent their hav
ing any votes.
The week following this convention, the
suffragists propose holding a bie mass
meeting in San Francisco, to "ratify the
planks." The most distinguished men
and women in the State will address this
meeting. There will be Populist speakers
and Prohibition speakers and Republican
speakers, men of wide reputation. It rests
with the Democratic Convention to say
whether there shall be a Democratic
speaker ot that platform.
During the coming campaign the most
""
W^t 6/\r oj tlje
Several weddings have been noted this
week. The one at Grace Church was ex-
J ceedingly pretty. The bride wore a ftylish,
graceful gown, and her maids were very
attractive in the sheerest of white organdy
over glace silk, the necessary touch of color
being given by green satin ribbons which
encircled their waists. Their large hats
i were becoming and picturesque. The
[ mother of the groom wore a really charm
ing confection which looked as though it'
must have come trom Paris direct. Other
frocKs and bonnets worn on this occasion
were very fetching. It seems as though
many of our young people found it diffi
cult to tear themselves away from the
City, for I have heard of an exceedingly
! pretty little dinner given by one popular
' maiden to a few friends, and several
luncheons passed off this week with great
eclat.
Many will return to town on the 17th of
this month so as to be present at the large
and brilliant golden wedding reception
which will be given by a very popular fam
ily whose home is on Post street.
6y a L^v/ri.
There is s delightful frock of a new make
of grass lawn. It is a mixture of silk find
linen, and is lined with cherry-colored silk.
The corsage is tucked, draping into a
cherry-hued silk waistband. The pointed
yoke is of grass lawn, whicn fastens at the
neck with choux of ribbon, and is finished
with sprightly ends of the cnerry-silk lace
edged. The sleeves are so cut and made to
show the outlines of the arm and fall into
frills over the hand. The large cbapeau is
in creamy lace, and black ostrich plumes
wave over the side. The loveliest of roses
peep from beneath the brim.
talented woman speakers in the Uni
ted States will .be . brought to Cali
j fornia. These women and the many
| excellent local sneakers throughout
| the "State will be put upon the
Populist, Pronibition and Republican plat
forms. It will be a unique feature and will
attract immense crowds. The action of
| the Democratic Convention will decide
] whether any of these celebrated women
, shall be placed upon the Democratic plat
form ; for, of course, if it refuse to indorse
the amendment, it could not allow the
contradiction of permitting a woman to
speak from its party platform in favor
of it.
Thus far in the campaign the suffragists
have conducted their work upon a strictly
non-partisan basis, not showing in the
slightest degree - a ' preference ' for any one
of the three parties who have so nobly
stood by them, but according equal honor
to all. It remains for the Democrats to
decide by their action next Tuesday
whether the suffragists will be forced into
a certain degree of partisanship. As they
most ardently desire that California shall
be the fourth State to enfranchise her
women, so they earnestly hope that the
Democratic will be the fourth party to ex
tend the helping hand which will lead to
victory. We believo they will do it,' and
with such support we cannot fail.
Ida A. Harper,
Chairman State Press Committee.
,--— — •—• — ♦ — » ; : - ;: .\.v
After being separated more than forty
years a brother and sister were reunited
at ■■; Middletown, N. V., last week. "\ The
man is a resident of Hartford, Conn., the
! woman of Middletown. When, children
| they were sent to an iteylum, were adopted
j by different families and thus lost track of
each other. ,
. m •
The population of Japan is now esti
mated at 45,000,000. In the extent of her
territory Japan stands now next to Spain,
being about the size of Sweden, and the
eleventh largest country in the world. ,
SMART TOILETTES
ARE MADE TO LOOK SLIM.
• ■ • ■ •. ** ■
One leading authority states that in all smart to lets th«
chief aim is to convey an idea of slimness. The fullness of
sleeves must be weli kept up on the shoulder,, and l the > sleeves
fall about an inch over the hand. Lace is especially pretty when
U veils the hand. Another writer alludes to the beauty of our
silk petticoats, which she says frequently nowadays take twenty
two yards of silk. For instance, a rich glace has a deep Spanish
flounce with Vandykes of ruching carried up and down, from
which the fullness of the silk increases, and under this flounce
are many little ruffles. Now, really, I cannot conceive how we
are to convey the idea of slimness with such petticoats.
It certainly is not quite the thing to appear on the streets in
a shirt waist, without a jacket, and last year, about this
season, I chronicled the fact that Doucet had created a model
of a sleeveless jacket in a light weight of black cloth completely
lined with black satin. Now it has been discovered that this is
just the jacket needed by the summer girl to wear over her
ihirt waist and I cannot do better than to quote for your
benefit a full description of this most useful little garment,
for I have yet to see one of them.
"It is open down the back to within two inches of the waist,
and is entirely open in front, without dart seams, and loose from
the under-arm seams. The fronts and the back turn back, like
revers, a'mo3t to the waist-line, and of course the satin lining,
which'is slip-stitched to the cloth, makes the revers perfectly
neat. It is held at the shoulders in seams not more than an inch
and a half in length, so it shows the shirt sufficiently; is cool
(being so open and without collar or sleeves), and still it is a
protection and a compromise. It extends seven or eight inches
below the waist in modest ripples. A soft black satin scarf ex
tends across the back at the waist and at the terminus of the
back revers (the back open seam, which turns back like revers),
and passes through the under-arm seams, and fastens in the
front under a rosette of the satin. Thus this question has been
individually settled, and now it is universally solved; for these
advantages of the sleeveless jacket have been rediscovered by
the Paris fashion-makers, and are pronounced correct; so that
is sufficient to insure their, ready favor and adoption by smart
women.
Modifications and other models will certainly apoear, but
this one will hold its own all the season and will be very fash
ionable.
Shirt waists of batiste and tine muslin worn with silken rib
bons are vastly becoming and dainty when worn with skirts
of wnite drill or pique indoors. A plain white cambric shirt
with good-sized pearl buttons is smart, and one of pale mauve
and pink batiste embroidered is good.
A lately designed toilet, which is very successful, is of
chestnut-brown canvas, lined with brown and orange shot silk.
The bodice has a front of ecru guipure, lined over orange satin.
It is scalloped on either edge and bordered with a trimming of
multi-colored beads and lace. The skirt is plain and the small
sleeves set perfectly. A young woman wears this toilet and a
matron one of the latest weave of black canvas having a very
wide ruesh. The baclc of this bodice is tucked perpendicularly
and is striped with black satin ribbons. In the front is a yoke
of black satin, covered with guipure, kilted white chiffon ap
pearing in the center. The basque is short and beaded with a
jetted band, slanting to a point in the center. The skirt is as
usual and the small sieeves have wing-like extensions over
them, outlined with the jet.
Blouses of flowered muslin have a charm for me, and fancy
how dainty is one of a clear white muslin covered with a deli
cate floral pattern, which recalls autumnal tints; it has a garni
ture of tine ecru colored lace and bows of emerald green satin
ribbon. Another is sprayed with rosebuds and their leaves,
Valenciennes lace and rose pink glace ribbon complete it. A
good blouse of white muslin has a yellow spot and is trimmed
with lace; ribbons of pale blue satin run with a thread of black
make it effective. Beautiful but expensive is a bodice of pale
rose glace silk covered with a white gauze, on which are ap«
piiqued Brussels lace flowers. Maccella.
»ove\ t <*ey Joy
A very acceptable writing-table has ap
peared, and may be had in mahogany or
rosewood inlaid with satinwood. It is
arranged with a special place for loose
papers and has many convenient little ar
rangements.
For a bride has been ordered an unu
sually haivlsome dressing-ca«e. The tops
of all the bottles and the brushes and the
other articles are of absolutely plain !
silver with gold monograms made of wire, '
tortoiseshell taking the place of ivory for
the combs, paper-knives, etc.
All of the latest silver for our toilet
tables are of the plain polished silver with |
the gold wire crests or monograms.
Designs in tea- baskets are a novelty and
are said to combine all that is possible in
the smallest possible space. I cannot de
scribe them, not having as yet even seen a
picture of one.
Very lovely is a shade hexagonal in
I shape, covered smoothly with pink silk ;
in which are appiique lace flower sprays.
These are not put in methodically, but I
according to the fancy of the designer,
and let me suggest that such work could
be easily done while away from home in
j the country, and thus save many dollars
I toward beautifying the drawing-room next
season. The most chic lamp shades I
have ever seen are the production of a
friend of mine, whofrom tulle, mousseline
de soie or merely paper can evolve crea
tions worthy of a place in any art room.
One was umbrella like in shape, covered
with blush roses and their leaves, every ;
one of which she made; another, of white !
lisse over green silk, recalled a ballet girl's
skrtt, the lisse being laid in the innumer
able tiny pleats. . Marcella.
SEW TO-DAY.
22 Beapy St., Near Kearny.
P I I /One Case Mohair Fan-
VnOniOl \ cies. 45 Inches wide.
UUUUIuI ) cellent Quality Ha.
\ terial
At $1.00 Yard
P 1 II /40 Costume Lengths.
VnQftlOl \ Etamine Paconne,
ill PI \n\ ' in Cno 'cc and Me-
UUUUIUI i £«nt Designs. Latest
( Fabric
At $17.50 Suit
Usual Price $30.00
Dealing exclusively In Black Ooods
we are enabled to offer lower prices
than, ho uses who make large losses on
colored fabrics.
Goods sent C. O. D.
Samples forwarded.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
NEW TO-DAY.
[FLOWER
I y In Imitation Cut Glass— almost as
i > -' bright and
' * jE*jk - clear as
\ ♦ /r'i4 v \ he & enu * *
' y ytfT ■$ j me - aml 4*
* ¥ ' ■ jfr'wiSlt the P at *
* . 7 V^i^^ terns' just ♦
* >^\ k *3SPE& as P rett y- «
* /^l%^k /! A and - ♦
* M \tv^ A some vase, ♦
* V \v^'jr f-^%^ 6 inches £
* IIVT^C^/K / hiehi until Z
\ * *$£>-%// Wednes- <'
♦ T->v^«x(<? dft y ni R ht - ♦
* fch^^f^s 1% cents *
: ♦ "S. YC^vf^vT^H sv^ each; 10 <£>
* 'd v^\l " inches £
* .V f high, 25 *
: ♦ . , cents each
> Several other styles also on sale. +
* . «
T Summer Crockery, Summer *
Glassware, Summer Lamps, 2!
* at those cool, refreshing, *>
> wholesale prices. <»
* 1 •*
* ' ♦
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva't. 2j
* WANGENHEIM, BTERNHEIM & CO., *
* 528 and 530 Market St., 5
*27 and 29 Sutter St., ♦
1 ♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAL BALE OF
Corded Corset Waists and Shoulder
Braces for Ladles, Misses and
Children.
100 dozen Perfect Fitting * Drab
Blisses' Corsets, regular price 81,
will be closed out at 78e
— -BICYCLE CORSETS. :
I DR. GRAY'S BA«KSrPrORT;':« SHOULDER BRACE
THE ENGLISH MILITARY BRACK.
■ft ' ''' '•' a
3 •w - 5
! CAUTION— Havlnu no agencies or branch
i stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment. ■
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3*r. z*zi.z:xtx> «*? son.
742-744 Harket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
I ecars left; moles, warts, e»<s., also remoye«i,^MARS AND ITS
STRANGE FEATURES
Its Opposition in December
Promises Much for
Astronomers.
The Fiery Planet of War Is
Only 138 MillicDS of
Miles Away.
A More Intimate Acquaintance With
the Globe and Its Topography
May Be Had.
"nee aga.n the planet Mars and its
strange topography is attracting the atten
tion of star-gazers and of the intelligent
worid at large. Since the advances of the
last few years in telescopic appliances its
biennial increase in brightness as it tomes
nearer and nearer to a more or less favor
able opposition unfailin_ly awakens the
hope of new discoveries as to how far it re
sembles its sister planet, earth, and the
risibility of its being an abode of life and
intelligence. Even when Mars shines
dimly in the morning sky from a distance
of 138,000,000 miles, as at present, its ap
proaching perihelion — r>f no special value
for observation— is discussed with in
terest: its recently attained northern de
clination inspires renewed activity ; and
the opposition of next December, which
promises some favorable conditions for
observation, is already placed within the
.March, 1886.
August, 1892.
- . i
practical forecast of the observatories. The
relative positions of this interesting orb
and the earth in their revolutions include
many variations of distance not always
understood, hence the undue expectancy
whenever Mars approaches perihelion.
The accompanying diagram may ex
plain why the oppositions of the planet
that occur when it is near its perihelion,
as in 1877 and again in 18 I J2-94, are the pro
pitious times, coming about every seven
teen and fifteen years, when science reaps
good results from careful observation.
The orbit of Mars is more elliptical than j
that of the earth, its distance from the sun ;
at perihelion and aphelion, A and P in the <
diagram, differing 13,000,000 miles, but
even this great amount makes little differ
ence in our view of the planet unless the ;
earth is between Mars and the sun, or at j
least near this favorable standpoint. This
combination of opposition. Martian peri
helion, near terrestrial aphelion (a in the
diagram) reduces the distance to 35,000,000
miles, giving a view of the full or nearly ;
full illuminated disk and the soath snowy i
pole. On August 26 of every year the earth ;
is between the sun and the Martian peri
helion point, but Mars may be in quad
rature, conjunction, or some distant part
of its orbit at that date.
Unusually favorable perihelion oppo
sitions have occurred on AusOflt 27, 1719,
September 1, 1798, and September 5, 1877,
at intervals of seventy-nine years, but
perihelion oppositions of high value occur
at intervals of fifteen or seventeen years.
As Mars takes 687 days to po round the ,
sun, successive oppositions occurring about ;
every two years and two months take
place further round the paths in the direc
tion of motion, as shown by the dates and
connecting lines in the diagram. They
decrease in value as they approach the
point of Martian aphelion, wnere 61,000,
-000 miles intervenes between us and the j
much-studied surface. Still these far-off ;
oppositions bring compensatory glimpse's
as the north pole ol the planet is in full
view at the point marked N. P.. a region
invisible at "the opposite point, S. P., on
account of the inclination of- the axis.
The illustrations show the different po
sitions of the conspicuous Hourglass Sea
according to whether the north or south
pole is in view, and also the difference 10
the apparent size of the disk, which dimin
ishes one-fourth in brightness at an aphe
lion opposition.
A further compensation for northern
observers of tbe less favorabie oppositions
is found in the north declination of the j
i.lanet, for it is always In southern skies j
when nearest the earth, and though vis
ible in higher latitudes, is veiled by a
longer and denser extent of terrestrial
atmosphere. For these reasons its north
declination of twenty-nye degrees when in. ,
opposition December next offers facilities
for observation that cannot be overlooked,
and expeditions to suitable latitudes are
planned and rumored far in advance. The
high tablelands j>f Mexico and similar
climes have been proposed as favorable
localities for observing this coming Martian
phase, which has not been satisfactorily
| seen for several years.
The Martian perihelion of the 12th inst.
offers no incentive, for the earth is seventy
seven degrees from that point. Mars is
! not even in quadrature, its disk is but six
seconds in diameter and its surface mark
ings invisible except in powerful tele
scopes.
The south polar region and its vicinity
having been a subject of discussion and
of diverse opinions during the last four
years, it may be very advantageous to
transfer investigation to the waxing and
waning of the opposite polar area and seek
new light ana evidence there. The stas.
continents, canals and lakes, if such they
be, are now familiar to every one in out
line and description; but the inhabita
bility of the planet still remains an unset
tled though deeply interesting question.
To enthusiasts Mars is a miniature
! worid, peopled with intelligent beings
whose civilization is similar to our own;
but the very different degrees of gravity
on the surface of the two globes, as well as
; the difference in light, heat and motion,
i probably make the Martian life forms as
distinct from ours as any two species in
the animal kingdom, or even more so.
If intelligence there has attained as high
! a range as here, and if natural science is
I as well understood and applied, still the
i difference of standpoints, ways and means
j would render it incomprehensible to a
sister world. Mr. Percival Lowell, who has
studied the planet carefully during the
last opposition, admits that the evidence
of water vapor has not been established,
j but nevertheless maintains its existence in
'. an atmosphere probably thinner than ours
|is at the summit of the Himalayas. He
| adds: "One deduction from the extreme
i rarity of the air we must, however, be
careful not to make: that because it is
thin it is incapable of supporting intelli
gent life. That beings physically consti
tuted like as could not exist with any com
fort to themselves is more than likely; but
lungs are not inseparably linked to logical
powers, as we are sometimes shown in
other ways, and there is nothing in the
world or beyond it that we know of to
hint that a being with gills might not be a
superior person notwithstanding."
Flammarion, the French scientist, also
maintains the existence of water and
states that the so-called lakes are pur
posely created oases fed by these waters.
However, he also requests him to reflect
on the seas until next December, when he
may cease to regard the canals as stretches
of water.
Professor Hussey of the Lick Observa
tory has courteously furnished the follow
ing information as to futuie observation
of this supposed kindred world: "When
Mars comes into position for observation
it will be observed again at Mount Ham
ilton. The work will go on regularly, but
it is not expected that it will be attended
with any sensational results. It is the ob
ject of the astronomer to accumulate and
co-ordinate the facts of his science so that
he may gain an insight into the deeper
meaning of the phenomena presented by
the heavenly bodies. In the case of Mars,
we want a more intimate acquaintance
with its geography; we want to know bet
ter what are the succession of the phe
nomena that it presents; we wish a more
complete investigation as to the extent
and character of its atmospnere, and no
smell number of points." Thus, though
the time has not yet come for kinetoscopic
views of Martian water-works, or the in
terchange of luminous signals, still, in
view of recent progress in natural science
and the accompanying achievements of
art, who can draw a restricting line as to
the possibilities of future ages? If the
coming centuries show the same practical
progress as the nineteenth, even to its
close, interplanetary communication may
not seem the absurd and baseless fancy
that it seems to-day.
', % Rose O'Halloeax.
The North Pole Balloon Trip.
It is a Swede, M. Andre, who is the
author of the plan of exploring the pole
by means of a balloon. As is well known,
a belt of ice encircles the pole, where it is
believed an open sea will be found. It is
this belt, which it has been hitherto im
possible to cross in a vessel, that the bold
Swede proposes to cross through the air.
The expedition will be composed of three
persons, M. Andre, the chief, M. Ekholm,
a scientific man, and M. Strindberg. The
last is the nephew of the celebrated novel
ist, dramatic author and illustrious mis
ogynist, some of whose plays, esteemed by
literary men, have been given this season
at the Theater Libre.
Uncle and nephew are at present in
.Paris. The former has come to make
known to the scientific world some inter
esting chemical experiments by which he
thinks he can demonstrate that sulph ur,
which hitherto has been classed by science
among the simple elements, may be re
solved into several elements; for I forgot
to say that the poet is also a chemist, and I
by no means an unappreciated one. The
nephew has been sent to Paris by M. An
dre to superintend the construction of the
"Pole Nord," the balloon which is to be
used on the expedition planned. He has
taken advantage of his visit to make some
experiments with a system of sails and
guide ropes, which, as he thinks, will per- |
mit him to direct the balloon partly, or at
least to make progress to windward"
"We have," he said to me, "made use of
the 'Brennus' for this experiment, a bal
loon constructed directly under my super
vision by Mr. Machuron, who is also con
structing our Pole Nord. This balloon
holds 1700 cubic meters of gas. I took
my place in the car with MM. Machuron
and N. de Fonvielle. M. Cailete of the in
stitute watched our departure from terra
nrraa. At 12:38 the 'Brennus' rises slowly
and drifts to the south-southeastward,
having started from the factory at
Vaugirard. We leave Paris above the Cha
tillongateat an altitude of 600 meters,
pass Villejuif, then Villeneuve-bt. Georges.
Then we let our guide ropes trail; we
are above the forest of Senart; we arrange
the sails, the balloon shows itself at once
obedient to the direction, we visibly devi
ate from the direction of the wind and suc
ceed in passing beyond the forest I was
getting ready to measure the deviation
thus obtained when the rays of the sun,'
which had been pouring for a moment on
the balloon, made the gas in it expand
and send the balloon up abruptly,
which interferes with the observation.
We try the experiments again after
passing Melun and Fontainebleau. ' By
means of an instrument devised
by M. Ekho.'m, a member of the coming
expedition, I was then able to measure the
angle of deviation from the direction of
the wind, which varied between eight and
ten degrees. We kept up the experiment
during nearly an hour, obtaining at will
deviations to the right and to the left,
making thus a ziczagline. At last, after a
journey of five hours, we came to land
near the little town of Egreville, between
Nemours and Montagris, delighted, I as
sure you, with the results of our day's
Thereupon I leave the Swedish aeronaut,
wishing him the success which he and his
comrades deserve in the expedition which
they are about to take.— Paris Correspond
ent of the New York Sun. V
♦ — « — ♦ -
do not fail to read ■ Thomas j Slater's advertise
ment on j>aga 8 far men* '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
TO GO WHALING
WITH LIVE WIRES
A Halifax Man Will Use
Electricity to Kill
Leviathans.
Patent Coffin to Prevent the
Stealing of Bodies by Dis
secting Ghouls.
The Luminous Keyhole That Will
Simplify Matters Early in
the Morning.
Now it is proposed to fit out a whaling
vessel with a dynamo and kill whales by a
current of electricity sent through the
harpoon. The salt had so much faith in
his scheme that he has engaged an elec
trician to build a dynamo that would gen
erate an alternating current of 10,000 volts.
That dynamo he will have rigged up in
his ship, and then he will sail away to the
north to capture the whale in a fin de
siecle manner.
Captain Charles W. Hershell of Halifax,
ownee and commander of the whaling
ship Rosalie, is the man who intends to
wipe out the customs and traditions of the
whaling industry with a small wire and a
kirge dynamo.
As to the method of application, the
captain explained it as follows:
"I am going to place the dynamo on the
whaler and not put it in operation until
the whaling are reached. On
board I will have a big reel of heavily in
sulated wire.
"The reel will be placed in the smaller
boat, in which we go out to meet the
whale. We shall have several thousand
feet of wire on the reel. One end will be
connected with the dynamo. At the other
end, which will be in the smaller boat, will
be a hard rubber stick about four feet in
length. The wire will run through that
Mick so that it may be handled easily and
safely.
"At the end of the stick will be attached
a piece of metal 24 inches long and 1 inch
in diameter. The point of that needle
will be sharp, so as to penetrate the flesh
of the whale easily.
'The hard rubber stick and the big
needle will be used just as we use the
harpoon 10-day. When near the big fisd,
as near as we get in the old way, the har
pooner will throw the electric barb.
"At the time there will be a current of
10,000 volts running |through the wire.
A New Velocipede With Arm-Propulsion Power.
The Oarless and Non-SinkaNc Lifeboat.
When the point of the needle strikes the I
whaie a current connection will be formed I
with the dynamo and the whale will get
the full shock of the high voltage and will
be dead in the fraction of a second,"
An Oarless Lifeboat.
James C. Walker of Waco, Tex., has
patented a lifeboat intended to be non
sinkable in the roughest kind of water. It
is constructed cigar-shaped and has a
j series of water-tightcompartmentsonboth
! sides of the interior. Each of these com- \
! partmentshasa valved outlet pip^ connect- [
; ing and a single tube connecting with two \
{ laree pipes running the length of the yes- j
I sel, one end of which terminates in a I
nozzle that projects through the stern.
In the center of the vessel there is a
pump that forces the water from the out
i aide of the vessel through the inlet pipes
and then through the nozzles at the stern.
In this way the vessel is forced ahead by a
steady pressure. Steering is accomplished i
by the use of an ordinary rudder just aft !
of the nozzles.
Every part of this vessel is under the
control oi a man in the turret. It is pos
sible to regulate the flow of water to a |
nicety. The construction of this vessel is i
such that its forward movement would not I
be retarded even if it became entirely sub- I
merged. The pumps could of course be
driven by electric or gas motors.
Plants Watered Automatically.
There are a great many desigDs and
styles of stands for both the house and the
conservatory. The Philadelphia Record
gives a description of one of the most
useful and simple. It consists of a water
tank having an apertured cover on which
the pots are adapted to rest. Pendant
from each opening in the cover is a per
forated tube inclosing a sponge. When a
pot is placed over an opening in the cover
it contracts with the sponge and the latter
thus feeds the water from the tank below !
to the bottom of the pot by capillary at- '
traction. When the plants are mounted !
on this stand they need very little care,
and the tank need be filled with water
onlyabont twice per month. There is no
excess of moisture in the pots, as the
sponges only feed the water up as it is
required. Of course the leaves of the
plants must be sprinkled occasionally in
order to keep them in perfect condition.
Attachment for Bicycles.
Isaac M. Lincoln of Providence, Rhode
Island, is the inventor of an attachment
for converting any bicycle into a four- ■
wheeled machine. The idea in this is to j
help beginners to ride, and also to convert '
the bicvele into a freight-carrier.
Mr. Lincoln's invention consists of a \
movable sleeve, intended to be adjustable
at any point on the center bar of the
machine. Engagable with this post are
two rods, eacU baring a wkoelat their,
lower extremity and the upper part bent
at right angles. The inner end of this fits
into the sleeve, where it can be nrmly
fastened by set screws.
It is possible to raise the wheels off
the ground entirely, so that the bicycle
can be used in the ordinary way, or they
can be made to run in a line parallel to
tne tread of the hind wheel.
To Find the Keyhole.
Among the many curious articles that
have been recently patented here is a self
locating keyhole, designed to aid the be
lated citizen who has dined out in fitting
his latchkey therein without disturbing
the neighoorhood in his efforts. The new
keyhole, as may be seen from the illustra
tion, is funnel-shaped and has rHisea pro
jections upon each side, which act as
guides for the key. Another of these de
vices is made of glass and has a coat of
phosphorescent paint upon its back,
which, upon a dark night, will send out a
faint glow and thus disclose its location.
To Cheat the Ghouls.
Among inventiocs is a coffin or casket
made of plate glass, which, aside from the
fact that it is more durable than wood and
does not rot, will enable the mourners to
view the remains without the necessity of
removing the lid.
The stealing of bodies for dissecting pur
poses has prompted a man to patent a cof
fin in which the remaining space, after the
body is placed in the coffin, can be packed
with cement up to a point, reaching to the
waist of the corpse. When the cement
hardens the body is packed rigidly
therein, preventing removal without
damaging the remains past usefulness.
Spring Road Cart.
In the ordinary road cart there has
always existed a most undesirable "horse
motion," that conJd only be obviated by
the use of a complicated arrangement of
springs and a weakening of the shafts.
Charles Schwarts of Philadelphia, Pa., is
the inventor of a spring arrangement that
seems calculated to overcome many diffi
culties.
The shafts of the vehicle are fastened to
the axle in the ordinary way. On top of
the shafts there is a second series of
springs constructed on the scroll principle,
as can be seen in the accompanying cut.
They are fastened to the shafts only in
two places and the seat is fastened at the
Automatic Irrigator for House Plants.
A New Spring Road Cart.
top. By this arrangement the spring will
eive in every direction and any jarring is
overcome.
New' Style of Velocipede
Nelson Newman of Springfield, 111., is
the inventor of a velocipede intended to
be propelled by the arms of the rider in
stead of the feet
The general construction of this machine
is much like a tricycle. The handle-bar,
however, is made to act as a fulcrum. The
lower end of it has a connectinp rod that
is attached to a crank on the rear axle.
By moving the handle-bar backward and
forward, a rotary motion is communicated
to the crank and the machine i<j driven
forward.
The mechanism for steering the machine
is attached to the handle-bars. A rod ex
tends downward to a pin on tup of the
front wheel support, so that the whole
structure can be turned from side to side.
Top-Spinning Pistol.
The latest toy novelty is the invention
of James R. Cluxton of London, Ohio. It
is a very simple contrivance, very much in
the shape of an ordinary toy pistol. Ham
mer and trigger are made to operate in
the usual way. Attached to the hammer
is a rod that extends into the barrel, and
of such shape that it will hold the pin of a
toy top. This pin is inserted into a cer
tain aperture at the end of the barrel. The
hammer is cocked and the top is held
firmly in place. When the trigger is
pulled the hammer is snapped, which
caused the rod to shoot forward in the
barrel and, rubbing against the pin on the
top, make it revolve at a rapid rato and
also fall out and continue spinning on the
table.
THE SPIRITUALISTS`
FRIENDLY HAND
It Is Freely Extended at
Their Latest Gath
ering.
I First Spiritual Union of that
City Unites With the State
Body.
Meetings Soon to Be Held in Stockton
and Santa Cruz to Initiate
Local Unions.
The spiritualists have been having a
;reat time down in the Garden City. It
iras the occasion of the First Spiritual
Union of San Jose joining the State Asso
:iation, being the first spiritualistic body
n the State to do .so.
San Jose was well represented at the
?tate Convention recently held in this
Jity for the purpose of organization, as
welve of her delegates were on hand to
rreet Harrison D. Barrett, the National
and wish him godspeed in his
fvork of bringing the disorganized bodies
nto harmony and correlation.
Early Sunday morning the State organ
zer, Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper, accompanied
)y Mrs. Julia Schiessincter, Mrs. May Dry
mn, Mrs. D. N. Place, Mrs. Ella Stewart,
Mrs. Clara Mayo Steers and W. F.
Jones, took the train for the Garden City,
vhere they were met at the depot by State
W. D. J. Hambly and es
corted to Native Sons' Hall.
The hall had been beautifully decorated
for the occasion with flowers, festoons of
bunting and the stars and stripes. As the
meeting had been determined on only at a
late moment, the news of it bad not been
lieralded abroad, but there were present at
least 250 people, a very respectable gather
ing in view of the many drawbacks.
During this session addresses and
speeches of greeting were made, to which
the San Francisco delegation made cordial
response.
Between the morning and afternoon ses
?ions a sumptuous repast had* been pre
pared in the banquet hall, at which about
seventy-five of the elect participated.
The afternoon session was devoted to a
discussion of the gospel of spiritualism.
Immediately afterward another feast was
tield in the banquet-hall.
As regards importance the evening ses
sion took priority. Then the subject of
the advisability of all spiritualistic bodies
joining the State Association came up.
Interesting speeches on the benefits to
be derived from unity were made by Mrs.
Jarrie Downer Stone and Mrs. Ella Stew
art. The speeches of the ladies were
terse, to the point and abounded in witty
illusions.
The event of the evening was the ad-
Iress of the State organizer, Mrs. Eliza
beth Sloper. As a result the First Spirit
ual Union decided to join the State asso
ciation by a unanimous vote.
"The main idea in organization," said
Mrs. Sloper, "is to secure the manifold
idvantages which accrue from unity, and
:o protect the public from the tricksters
which cling to it like the barnacles to the
mill of a ship.
"Nt other movement has made so rapid
in advance in the Jast forty-eight years as
the promulgation of the doctrines of spir
itualism. Nearly every movement in its
inception is scoffed at by the Pharisees
md those of uncouth presence and mind.
io were we, but it is not so now.
"Climb the heights of Parnassus and
?aze broadcast over the great world.
VVherever you 100k — to the north, east,
south, west— there you see proselytes to
this wonderful belief.
"Rich and poor alike, the lame, halt
and blind, the man of mighty intellect and
the laborer who earns his bread by the
3weatof his brow — they all have come in
abedience to the command from the celes
tial world, to drink from the water of life
that flows by Spiritualism's shrine."
After an eloquent plea for the various
spiritualistic bodies to enter the State As
sociation and gain the benefits that she
said would come therefrom, the speaker
made reference to the late convention held
in this City.
"Our progress nnd our strength," she
declared, "are fully exemplified in the
attitude of the great dailies toward us on
that important occasion. They sent com
petent reporters and, lam told, gave them
explicit instructions to report our doings
faithfully and without any covert insinua
tions.
"In particular, I wish to direct your
attention to the manner in which our ses
sion was reported in the San Francisco
Call:"
Here the speaker was interrupted by
loud cheers and various other manifesta
tions of applause.
"It never gave us less tnan two
columns," continued Mrs. Sloper, "and In
many cases three. The remarks of all
the principal speeches were printed very
fully, ana in one instance— when Presi
dent Barrett delivered his great speech ex
temporaneously — it was taken steno
graphically and piven as spoken.
"I deem it the duty of every freethinker,
every spiritualist and every liberalist to
stand by The Ctlll and support it, for it
has truly demonstrated the truth of its
motto that it 'speaks for all.' "
The conclusion of the Suite organizer's
speech was greeted with great applause.
Mrs. Schlessinger followed with a speech
in a similar strain and received the vocif
erous approval of the immense audience.
D. H. Owens followed with a short and
vigorous speech.
Monday about twenty-five of the leading
lights took a trip to Alum Rock and en
joyed an old-fashioned basket picnic In
the evening of the same day about fifty
gathered in the parlors of Mrs. Carrie
Downer Stone, where a test circle was
held.
Yesterday the party returned to this
City. Next Sunday they will uo to Stock
ton and the following Sunday to Santa
Cruz, for the purpose of initiating local
bodies into the State association.
PREPARING TO RATIFY.
The Thirty-Ninth Assembly District
Making Suitable Preparations.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Republican Club last night the following
committees were appointed to make ar
rangements for the proposed ratification
of the Republican nominee at St. Louis:
On notifying the members of the club as
to the time and place to assemble^ W. J.
Herrin, Oscar J?alle and D. Forater ; com
mittee on finance, Thomas Morton, D. L.
Farnswortb, Captain John Tnttle, J. J.
Sullivan and T. H. McCarthy; committee
on parade, W. T. Kibbler, B. H. Patrick;
G. B. Macksett, captain of parade, and W.
T. Kibbler and B. H. Patrick, lieutenant.
The executive committee will meet on ;
Tuesday evening at Saratoga Hall for the I
purpose of making final arrangements.
All the members of the club and also all
the Republicans in the district are cordi
ally invited to . participate in this, the
first turn-out of the campaign.
'■'; — • ♦— • ' .
Green Fruit Shipments.
Up to date green fruit shipments to the
East over the lines of the Southern Pacific
Company have *■ aggregated 134 carloads for '
this season as against 209 at the same time
last year. This is not due to any lack in the
demand, but to the lateness of the crops, ow
ing to the backwardness :of warm weather. It
is expected, however, t&at before the season ii ,
over the aggregate shipments this year will
equal those of the year previous,
— ■ — »—•» — •
WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP
T. W. Leydecker's Homing Pigeons
Came First in the Race From
Ashland, Or.
T. W. Leydecker of Alameda won the
homing pigeon championship of the Pa
cific Coast on Thursday last with his two
cocks, T-161 and V-134.
Some time ago Mr. L/eydecker and
Joseph Richards of Valiejo made a match
for the championship and at once started
training for the event, the Alameda fan
cier entering six birds and his opponent
three. The flight was from Ashland. Or.,
to this City, a distance of 308 miles, air
line.
The birds were liberated at 5 o'clock on
Thursday morning under circumstances ;
far from favorable, and must have I ad a
rough time on the journey, as shown by !
the time made.
The tirst bird reported was Leydecker's ,
T-161, which arrived at 6:05 in the even
ing. Five minutes later the same owner's
V*lß4 came in.
None of the other birds had come in up
to a late hour last evening, and it is
thought that they must have been driven
far out of their course by stress of weather.
•—• — ♦ — •
SONS OF VERMONT.
A Patriotic Entertainment at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
A patriotic and social entertainment
was held last night at Odd Fellows' Hall,
under the auspices of the Pacfic Coast
Association of the Native Sons of Ver
mont. The hall was filled with ladies and
gentlemen who enjoyed fully every mo
ment of the time.
The orchestra played an overture, "Bat
tle of Bunker Hill," which was followed
by a pleasing farce, a recitation, a cornet
quartet and the closing act of "La Fav
orita." The floor was then cleared for
dancing, which continued far into the
night.
The picnic of the Sons of Vermont and
the Bunker Hill Association, in celebra- '•
tion of the one hundred and twenty-first
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill,
will De held at Glen Ellen next Wednes- ;
day.
I
An absolutely safe dentifrice, popular with refined persons for over
half a century. - - - - All Druggists.
&^ Teeth^Breath*
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mail, provided you mention th's publication and send three cents
for postage. Address HALL & RUCKEL, New York City, Proprietors of Sozodont, Sozoderma Soap,
Spaliiing's Gloe and other well-known preparations.
_ . . _ _ . .
AD TRAVEL. 1 RAILROAD TRAVEL.
jrr^S^r- I smframsco mm n-
* A ™ IBAXCISCO. f Il'lfl Pill IV IV A
leave - FnoM JcyE7, 1896. — Aitr.iVE I I/If 1 V IlillLl I I W»
"•6200A Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »:43a I -,_•
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og-leu and Kast.. WSp Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
7:00 a Benida, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacrar !
mento, OroTille and Beddinc via San Francisco to San Rafael.
Davis 6:45p ■
7:OOA Martinez, San Ramon Napa, CalU- 6 5 15 r WEEK DAYS _ 7:30 i 9m 11:00 a. v, 12:35.
B:aOANiles, Sau Jose, StocUoit lone. 3:3 °- 6:l °- 6:30 p * Thursdays-Extra trip
Sacramento, MarysTllle and Eei 4-i!Vi> : ana ll:jo p. m. * ys - J: ' xtra triD9 « 1:50
•9:30* peters andMiuon::::::'.".:::::::::: -tlisp BD^\ 7:ao - 9:3 «*»*•*■: 1:30,3:3*
»iOOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa - D / 00 b - i0 *• *•
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45p San Kafael to San Francisco.
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a [ WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 910 1110 a ir".
»:OOa Valiejo 6:13 i-, 12:46, 3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trlM
1:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livennore g:«A i at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p m . *«™tnpi
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «9:(>op BCNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:^6.11:10 a. m.- 1-40 3-40.
| tl:3op Port C'oata and Way Stations rTi4sr , 5:00,6:25 p.m. ' **
4:00r Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo, Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
Napa, Callstoga, El Verano fend . schedule as above.
BauUßoea »zlsa — — — _
«««Op Benicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland, %!Slm.«, In effect . Arrive
Knights Landing, MarysriUSv Ban Francisco. Xvri\2, San Franclsca
OroTille and Sacramento 10543 a -— -— 1896 ' ~ — —
* !BOpNi sToc^n D .. J ? B ?:.. Li^! a ? re .. aD . d 7.15P Da^lla^ **» t '"» tW fl^ |W«
4(30r Merced. Berenda, Raymond ('<>». 7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, \ 10:40 am 8:40 au
* Yosemite) and, Fre5n0... .... 11:45 a 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
o:#«r>ew Orleans 15«r>recs.l<«SHO,Bake»» 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm V.15 pic
■:■'■■■ «)eld, Santa Jiarbara.T.os Angele^ ! m
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and I _ mm Fulton,
Saat.... 10:13 a ! 7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
si*op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express Healdsburg,
for MojaTe and East 10:13 a i „ ' _ Geyserville,
5:00p Valiejo 11:43 a j 3:30 pm 7:30 am | Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 PK
G:0»r European Mall, Ogrteu and Host.... 9«45a : j j Z^TZ f* ■
l?. Ooi:Vai y ieio tJlilNileBaUaSailJOSe i7-«P 7:3oam Hopland 4 10:10 am
t^S»f^ii«i^^^U;'if«^ UMF 3:3 <>™' 7:3oam ™ah. 7:3opm B:ls_fj.
• •• vilio, Reiiaing, Portland, Pnget • i 7 AM 10:10aic
Sound and East I0:4»a I • 7:30 AMJGuernevllle. 7:30 pm
' SANTA <:lti:Z IU VISION Oinrronr HitmrP). j 3:3OpM \ ■ 6:15 fm
"l7ii3A Santa Cruz Excursion, fanU Cruz I I : ?R AM I : 22 AM Sonoral 10:40 am 8:40 am"
and Principal Way Stations J9:osp 6 :10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
»«lOANewark,CeiiterTille,Haii.loBe,Feltou, . I Glen Ellen. |
: «. Boulder Creek, Santa and Way - ' - 7-30 AM 7:80 AM 110:40 am 10:10 ale
— Stations .................. 5:5«r : 3:30 PM; 5:00 pm Seb " at °P° l - 6:05 pmi 6:15 pm
•8:13p Newark. Ce'iterville, Wan .Jose. New i J.w PM|t>.w pm| ) b.ospm| 6.15 L__
Alniaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, . Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
BanU Cruz and - Principal . V.'ay • i Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Stations :.t «ll:*O* ) Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
|l:l!>i- Newark. San .lose and Los (iutos.... *l»:!iO\ : • Springs, KelseyvlUe, Soda Bay and uakeport: at
— i,.,,.,, |1 K. .. /-rii-i . ...^ . .t <. \ — Hopland for Lake-port and Bartiett Springs: at
tOASI ItniMON (lliir.lA lowukciiil M».) ■ • Ukiah for Vichy Snrlnjts. Saratoga Springs, Blu«
*6:43ASau Jose and Way Stations (New ■ ' ■ Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
• AlmaUen Wednesdays only) \ 9:47 a | , Valley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, San-
-17:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose. i hedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Booneville. Green
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana \ ■ wood, Orr's Hot Springs, 'Mendocino City, Fort
Principal Way Stations }9:83p Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Canto, Covelo,
•:13a Sail Jose, Tres Pinos, Hanta Cru*. " Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Vaeiiic Grove. Paso Rubles, Sac . Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
J.uis oliispo, Guadalnpe and Pi in- I rat. %
liiml Way .Stations 7:©st>: • On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be>
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tlsSOp . yond San Rafael at half rates. t
JV'lJf* SSaY. a Y ''a',? a " dW «l' 5tati0n5.........;; 5 ! 52» '.. Ticket OffiCPS. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
I I:30a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p ,•• H <-. wiiinvc » -v hvaw
**£ SatiMat^M^ Park^S,, .1,,^ -V: • .: , ' "^^r^nager. oSif^J&.
Salinas,slonterey »ml FacllicGrove *IO:4«A I
"s::iOi> S»n Joss, Pacitio Grove nn<\ Way . m , if *r"^>
Stations *i;3Or A 4- 1 +«i - \ r> '^B BiT*^
*4:3Oi> San Jose and W:\y Stations •«:«!«;« | illldllllv "Tsß^M 3
3:3oi' San. Trmeaii'l Principal Way Stations *H:lsa SJ^T
GtUOi- San Jobc and Way Stations 0:35 a A~Sl> «r'^<9"^^'\.
M l :4si' Sair Jcgeainl Wav Stations t7:45p . ,- J?^*^2cs??A
~\.\ tiKAMJKO AMD HAVWAKIi>S HHiAL. ~ Dor'ifir' d^&S^hti^
i*«:«OAi f 7:1« A ST ClClllW' i^ !: §®^^^M
1o. : o«a Melro««,Beiiii ryP.rk, IVlist BAILKOAI)
a e-0»r Fitchbnrg;, San If «Edr» Vl-45p Trains leave from and arrive «^^r^^^^^
»:00p I an( } J 4:15p at Market-Street Ferry. &]s3o&s&£Sl
11 H " W ' rds - SANTA EXPKbSS
SlSo^ ißnnsthroughtoNiles. &j& \ via A. & : P. %£*,"«;
mitlHTj I From Kites..;.. { ttla;O o P i PafZTe siee^rs and Tou 'st "sleeper, to Chicago
/.nrri/ onifTr ctddv ' via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tot
Cnttft nUUI L rLKrIY, Denver and 8U Louis.
?rom PKANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— The Popular Ha-nTA FB ROUTE EXCVR-
*7:IS MO 11:00*.M. tl:00 ♦2:00 J3:CC BIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
•*:00 15:00 •6:00 p.m. with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
fr«m nirt ijm_F t »r •-« no ' «r i ' sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
rrom 0A&L4BB fool 01 Broia»iT.— 'brow 8:0 C I thmiitrh to destination
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 •1:00 : |3:00 *3:00 Jt:CC The best railway from California to the East.
■»s:ooi'.M. .- I Kew rails, new ties: no dust; Interesting scenery]
T~. —^7 — — — 7T. 771 I and good meals in Harvey's dining-room?.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. | Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
• Sun.lays excepted. t Saturdays only *«.»«•> Chronicle Balldinc
J Sundays only. ■ • .
. • 1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only „ ___ _ .^._™ rt nn. awn aan
iXps^V^.MAR' NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
,' ' —~~ j (Via Sausalito Ferry).
lllljMttlj^ "I! lilt btASOI? For Mill Valley % and sin A -7:00. *8-00
*9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. m.; *1:45, 3:10, 4:15,
WTTn T i TITTICI' fIUTTT Hfiniß Extra trips for 8an P Kaiael on Mondays, Wednes-
; THB:LUJIBS/.6liniEpol[^r^r3^S^ Z
OF THE- -1(1:00, 11:30 a. m.:**l'4.Sj. *2:15, *4:00,
& ■ I A MB I |A<fli| 5:30. 6:45. 8:30 1-. m. Kxiru trip to Sauaaiitoat
rill Ulil 1 HI! II" I ' Trains marked * run to San Quentlii. **12:30
' I nLHUL Sill 1 L.i «■ does not nin to Mi "
■■■•-."-. ■■«'■ ■•.■■■ THROUGH TRAINS.
MDDnqi ■ CHTDIIHPP CDAU VHDVW OH i For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo A. m.
l/lntH LIUKANbrj rnUI ffIAK&QI 01. Sanudays: 5:15 v. M. wt'cknays
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. J 8:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:45 p. m. weekdays.
MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
W "<? Sf WSm ZZ? gt tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\ly /■ \1 \tT -\\ vona or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood
S , £jAf XL jLtU Insomnii^ainstntheßack, Seminal Itnlssicms, Nervous Debility
1 g^9L T Urny Pimples, t'nfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcooele and
V^ r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or Prevents quick-
\«/^ nfssoi discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE IMB AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. « tTI»IOE*E cleanses the liver, th«
B V ORE «NDAMLK kidneys and the urinary organs impurities. • -
1 CUPIDESE strengthens and restores small weak organs. _
' The reason sufferer; are.not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatatltt*. CDPIDENE Is the only kno.»n reined v to cure withoat an operation. 8000 testimoni.
Bis. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cum
LOO a box, six for 3.00, by mall. Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address DA VOL. BIEDICINK CO.* 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
BROOKS' jf a Ailiiac V, 118 S oweU sir**
FOR HYDRAULIC MINING
Seven Chinese Are Found Guilty
of Violating the Cami
netti Act.
This Is the First Case Tried Under
the New Law and Is of Interest
to Mners.
Seven Chinese, Ah Yonnjr, Ah Sing, Ah
Jim, Ah Chung, Ah Ling. Ah Hung and
All Shaw, were convicted in the United
States District Court on Friday of violating
what is known as the Caminetti act. The
law in question was passed by Congress in
1893 and prohibits hydraulic mining ex
cept under a permit. This being the tirst
criminal proceedings it was naturally
watched with interest by the miners
throughout the State.
In January of the present year the
Sheriff of Placer County Jearned that the
defendants were operating the Green Val
ley mine by the hydraulic system. They
were warned to apply for a permit, but
they made no effort to secure the necessary
document. Finally the matter was re
ported to the Debris Commission, reaching
through tnem the United States Grand
Jury. An indictment was returned and
the case set for hearing yesterday.
The contention of the prosecution was
that the defendants had been sriven every
opportunity to comply with the Jaw, and
that in not doing so they had de
liberately jeopardized the navigation of
two streams— American end Sacramento
rivers. The defense only contended that
the mine was too far frpm the waters
named to do any practical damage.
The jury was out just five minutes, re
turning the verdict alreaay recoriled. C.
T. Devlin of Sacramento and attorney for
the Debris Commission, assisted United
.States Assistant District Attorney Schles
inger in the prosecution. The importance
of the verdict is found in the fact that it is
the first criminal case under the Cami
netti act, though a civil suit Jo test its
constitutionality has been pending in the
courts for some months.
NEW TO-DAY.
2728
THE BENEFITS OF
ATHLETIC TRAINING.
It Gives Strength, Appetite,
Endurance and Sound
Sleep.
Everybody Can Take Long Walks
in the Morning or
Evening.
A Young Athlete Whose Training Gave
Him the Power to Save Many
Lives From Train Wreck.
The benefits to be derived from a thor
ough course of athletics are very apparent
to the one benefited, but it is sometimes
difficult to convince others of the fact.
Some one remarks that he never takes
any exercise to speak of, yet his appetite
is always at high- water mark. Then he
tells with enthusiasm how comfortably he
sleeps. He is interrupted by one who as
serts that his sleep is perfectly sound in
spite of the fact that he has not taken out
door exercise foryears. Nothingdaunted,
our friend tells of his increased speed and
strength, at which a cynic present remarks
that he is strong without going to all that |
trouble; and as for speed, why he has no j
need of such an accomplishment beyond
catching a car. Moreover, he asks con
temptuously : "What good does it do you ?
Do you make any money out of it?"
Such remarks do not tend to strengthen
our friend's ambition to development and
success in physical exercise. Perhaps he
even begins to doubt whether athletics
pay. The real stumbling-block in his
path, however, is that he cannot answer
these slurs and slights. I propose to
come to his rescne, and from the resources
of many years' experience and observa
tion assist him to either refute these argu
ments or to so strengthen his convictions
that he may treat them with indifference.
Suppose a person does eat and sleep
well without great physical exercise; or
suppose some are strong naturally ; we j
should be thankful that such is the case,
for some people have not the time and
others lack the opportunity for physical
exercise. Suppose you do not make
money by the sport; are you not an ama
teur? Can you not earn your living by
your brains? Can you not afford to com
pete with gentlemen for the exercise and
excitement of honest competition?
Then we have a loftier idea in view.
Take many of tne great men of the world ;
Napoleon tramping across the burning
sands of Egypt and Palestine, climbing
the Alps or riding for weeks with scarcely
any rest during his campaigns, burning
his midnight candle over his maps while
his soldiers sleep. Could anything but an
iron constitution have endured such or
deals? Read the biography of Washing
ton and be assured that without his power
ful frame and vital energy our struggle
for independence might have failed. Lin
coln's splendid health contributed to the
buoyancy of spirits and calmness of judg- i
ment that were indispensable to success ,
during those trying days. Yet everybody j
knows that it was the splitting rails and j
other laborious work that gave to that !
wonderful man the foundation and possi- |
bility of eminence in spite of the disad- j
vantages under which he labored. Con
sider Gladstone, who has so many times
risen to the highest place of political
power in England. It is well known that
a day has seldom passed in the whole of
bis eventful career without his chopping
down a tree and taking a long walk. Thus i
the "Grand Old Man" long ago established j
himself in health and vigor, and lias cher- \
ished the same through life, building up
on it the superstructure of his splendid
genius.
Our country needs strong, vigorous ma
terial for its leaders. Let the elderly men,
who have borne the heat and burden of
the day, sit in the halls of legislation and
preside at the courts of justice; but stal
wart men are wanted to fight our battles,
build our railroads and handle our ships.
The fact that Napoleon suffered a~Check in
one of his campaigns by reason of a severe
cold only substantiates my assertions.
We are all, even the healthiest, at the
mercy of the "ills the flesh is heir to" ; but
others know as well as myself that whole
some exercise, if it does not render a per
son proof against illness, at least modifies
the force of the attack even as barricades.
A better illustration does not occur to me
than the fact that, though I have been in !
business over seventeen years, 1 have
never lost even half a day througn sick
ness.
The majority of people labor under the
delusion that in order to take exercise a
person must have considerable leisure,
some ready cash and an experienced in
structor. A friend once told me that on con
sulting a physician in regard to sleepless
ness and general ill-health, he was advised
to take more exercise— especially walking.
"But what can I do? I have no time for
exercise." lat once asked him what timn
he muat be at the office. "Nine o'clock."
"And what time do you leave?" "Four
o'clock," was the response.
"Now you mean to say that you cannot
walk between 7 and 9 and oetween 4 and
6?" I demanded. He shrugged his shoul
ders and comprehensively replied : "Who
wants to exercise so early or so late?" Of
course, that man would rather be sick than
be tired. He was glad of an excuse to be
lazy. He might blame the doctor for his
headaches, sleeplessness, biliousness and
dyspepsia, but rebel at the order to walk
two or three miles before breakfast and
before going to bed.
It requires a competent instructor. Let
a man study himself and read up on the
subject, and he will find for health alone
an instructor is not indispensable.
We do not appreciate the necessity of
perfect health until we discover our weak-,
nesses, or until an opportunity for useful
ness has escaped us to do some good. I
once read an incident of a young man in
England, who was a distance- runner, trav
eling on a railroad train. There was a col
lision and the train was wreefced. Our
friend escaped without injury, but the
brakeman was not so fortunate. When
they pulled him out of the wreck the faith
ful fellow had enough consciousness and
self-forgetfulnfss to murmur the name of
the evening express. Somebody had suffi
cient knowledge of the fact to know that
the signal station was but a couple of
miles down the track, and that if the on
coming train waa to be stopped it must be
at that point. A few hurried words
passed, and without delay our friend
started down the track.
Here was a race for life, and the young
man felt the full importance of it. His
brain kept time with his feet, and he care
fully measured his pace to last for those
two miles or more. Turning the curve he
saw far ahead the sparkle and gleam of
the headlight slowly but steadily bearing
down upon him. Not far ahead he saw
another light— the signal station. It was
a comparatively short distance away, but
to a tired and anxious man it seemed ten
miles instead of half or three-quarters of a
mile. He did not lose his head in the
crisis, but, carefully judging his pace,
rushed on, weary but determined. On
came the iron horse through the darkness,
Jike a huge reptile, but he rushed forward,
and with his almost exhausted breath
shouted to the signalman. Fortunately
he was heard, and a window was thrown
up. One word and a gesture from the
shadowy figure leaning against a tree was
enough, and in half the time it takes to
tell the story the signalman had dropped
the red light. A second more and the
locomotive passed under it, but not before
the eagle eye of the driver had caught the
signal. The engine was stopped, and the
y^ung fellow was found gasping and ex
hausted, but happy that he had saved the
train from destruction.
During my sojourn in Chicago recently
I was told of an incident that bears
directly on the subject and illustrates the
effect of physical training. A passenger
steamer was ashore in Lake Michigan a
iittle north of Chicago, and a number of
students went out to see the storm and its
effect. They perceived that the occupants
of the doomed ship were in imminent
peril, and one of them, the best athlete in
college, plunged in, swam to the wreck
and returned with a passenger. This he
did again, and two were saved. Not con
tent he plunged in again and again, each
time rescuing an unfortunate from a
watery grave. Now comes the incredible
part of the story— but it was related in
public by a person of the highest respect
ability — before he stopped the young
man had saved the lives of seventeen per
sons.
The saddest part has yet to be told. The
awful strain upon the vitality and nerve
foree — for the young man's will was
greater than his body — was such that he
sank upon the beach an utter wreck phy
sically and mentally and exists to-day
strong enough only to crawl about like
the merest infant and with memory suf
ficient only to remember the principal
events of life, but particularly that awful
day of heroism, and to feebly ask his
brother occasionally if he did his duty.
Ignoring sneers of the selfish, who be
lieve in looking out for Number One first,
last and all tlie time, consider what a glo
rious thing it is to rescue the helpless
from peril by the strength of a well-trained
body, even though in a herculean effort
the human frame gives way after the work
is done.
Then there are other reasons for desiring
to be well trained. The athlete who en
joys his work can testify what satisfaction
and pleasure are the fruits of severe but
discreet exercise. When training is cast
aside for a time the muscles become rest
less and clamor for work. Even those
who have forsaken the excellent path Dy
which they were traveling for a
less noble life of luxury and self-indulgence
will admit that the latter course gives far
less satisfaction and genuine pleasure, even
though the former does nut tickle the
palate or minister to the cravings of a
lower nature.
The mental advantages are as weighty
as the preceding. Business over, the exer
cise is taken, followed by the sponge bath,
the rub down, supper eaten with a keen
relish, and sleep that is the nearest ap
proach to perfect rest that I know of on
this earth.
Now what is to be expected when such a
man goes down to business the next day ?
How could it be possible that such a crea
ture in such a state of existence would
transact business in anything but a cheer
ful frame of mind, with a clear brain,
steady hand, and, in short, a measure of
health that is better felt than described,
better practiced than taught — a life seldom
if ever enjoyed by the slave of luxury.
George D. Baibd.
THE PER FREAK
OF AN OLD DOG.
She Insists Upon Walking on
Her Front Feet.
The Trick Came Upon Her Very
Sudden and Without Any Pre.
vious Training.
Charley Hodges, a small boy who lives
near the corner of Bush and Powell streets,
is the owner of an old Scotch terrier dog
that has suddenly taken a strange freak.
The dog's name is Mary, and she is about
6 years of age.
Until witnin the last few weeks Mary
has been content to go around on all
fours, in the same manner as »her an
cestors, and has always exhibited the
dignity to be expected from the mother of
forty puppies. She is a good-natured little
animal, but nobody ever gave her credit
for any great amount of dog sense. In
fact she seemed more stupid than the rest
of her tribe, and showed not the slightest
inclination to perform tricks. She has
never been taught anything, but is now
as well able to go around on her front feet
as an y dog in a circus.
What caused Mary to take the strange
freak is past understanding, but one morn
ing she started in to walk that way and
has since refused to walk any other. Of
course she doesn't walk as much as she
used to, nor as gracefully, but she man
ages to get around. No matter what dis
tance she has to co she covers it on her
front feet. She can walk all the way
across the sidewalk without resting, but
If she has to go farther she makes it in a
succession of quick runs with intermis
sions of rest. When she is not walking
soe is lying down and appears to be in a
semi-conscious condition. If she is called
suddenly she makes a jump onto her
front feet and a sort of wild run until she
reaches the person calling her.
Mary affords a great deal cf amusement
to the people who happen to see her. But
she has queered herself with the rest of
the tribe. All seem afraid of her, and
even her own son gets out of her way
when he sees her coming along in her wild
grotesque fashion.
Jack Tars No Longer.
I have been waiting for the Sun to find
some new name for our man-of-war's men.
To my idea they are no longer Jack Tars.
There is no more tar used in the new navy
as we used it in the old. There is no place
to use it on. You can't even get the smell
of it when aboard one of the new ships.
This note is no reflection on the new sailor;
but I hope you will find a more appropri
ate name for our smart new- navy men. —
C. 8., in New tfork Sun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
WHAT PURPORTS TO BE A FACSIMILE OF THE IMPOSSIBLE COUNTRY JOURNAL READ BY WELLS DRURY
AT THE LATE PRESS CLUB JINKS,
A STUDY OF THE HOCKS OF HORSES.
Do you remember the description of
Mare Swallow, the famous steed ridden
by Hereward, the outlaw, whose bones lie
somewhere in the bogs, beneath Deeping
Fen to this day, because Hereward slew
her, rather than that any man other than
himself should bestride her. She had
long, drooping quarters and tucked-in
flanks, a chuckle-head and low set tail.
"All head and no tail" is how Martin
Lightfoot described her. But the great
mare had both speed and endurance. If
her hind quartejs drooped, yet her chroni
cler tells us they were long and muscular,
the thighs well let down into the hocks,
and that these were large and strong,
SUNOL AS A FIVE-YEAR.OLD, AND SOME OTHER PLATES SHOWING THE CORRECT AND INCORRECT CON
FORMATION OF THE HOCK.
coupled with a flat leg and large, well-set
hoof.
Herein lies part of the description of a
good horse. While the fore legs bear the
weight and sustain the burden of concus
sion in traveling, the hind legs are really
the driving-wheels of the equine engine,
and should be noted as carefully as the
forward ones in "sizing up" the animal.
To know what a good hind leg should
be, we must first consider what it is. In
time gone by I have in these columns
traced the evolution of the horse from the
small, five-toed creature who skipped over
the plains in "the early eocene.' 1 It will
not be necessary here to recapitulate his
history, but it is well to remember that
tbe animal is cow traveling on what v as
once his middle toenail, which we now
IHE EARLIEST KNOWN BOOK PLATE.
call the hoof; that the pastern, or ankle
joint of the hind foot corresponds to the
joint of the toe, and that the hock was
once his heel, and rested upon the ground.
The necessity to travel at speed over long
distances has produced this remarkable
change in the conformation of the horse,
and there are certain characteristics about
the hind legs that to-day stand for
sti-ength, speed and endurance, and these
should be familiar to every one who de
sires to become a good judge of a horse.
In particular tiie hock should be well
formed, for upon its conformation de
pends in a great measure its liability to
certain ills that attack it, its ability to
withstand concussion and give due lever
age to the muscles in traveling. There are
no muscles below the hocks, only tendons,
which act as levers, upon the foot and
cannon-bone. To afford these strong
and serviceable insertion, the hook
should be large and well forn.ed,
and in order that the "driving-wheel" may
work effectively the tibia or leg bone
should run well down into the hock. The
hock in reality consists of six bones, but
until we bring the cathode ray into our
examination of the animals it will only be
necessary for the layman to be able to
judge from external appearances whether
or not a horse has "good hocks." When
viewed from the side the joint should ap
pear wide both above and below. This
lateral width indicates strength. The out
line should be clean, firm and well-de
fined. There should be no puffiness or
swelling, for these indicate disease. The
bones should be large and prominent, and
the nock should not be too straight nor
too much benl. In the first of these events
there will be too much concussion, the
animal will be a "hard-goer," liable to
bog-spavin and thorough-pin, and the
bent hock is peculiarly liable to sprain and
curb. Viewed from behind they should
not incline too much inward or outward,
as in either case they will be weak. The
tibia, as said before, should run down into
the hock. This is what is meant by the
hocks being "well let down." It is usual
among' horsemen to claim that a plumb
line dropped from the point of the quarter
should touch the hock when the animal is
standing ' true. In reality, however, the
hock should be directly under the center
of gravity, which would bring it a trifle
forward of the point of the quarter.
It is often a difficult matter, in the case
of a lame horse, to decide whether the
lameness is forward or behind. Usually,
lameness in a hind leg will, by an
inexperienced observer, be referred to the
opposite fore leg. If a horse is lame in the
hock, and lameness, behind, is usually lo
cated here, the hip on the injured side
wiil be a little higher than its fellow. If,
however, the lameness is above the hock
the lame dip will droop. If the lameness
is greater on hard than on soft ground you
may look for, and will usually find, spavin.
Lameness in the hip is rare, and in a hind
foot very rare indeed.
Another point of interest is the slope of
The Way That Mary Insists Upon
Walking.
the quarters and the way the gaskin, or
lower thigh, comes down. It should be
strong and long. In a good horse, say fif
teen and three-quarter hands high, with a
fair tur» of speed, it should measure, from
the stifle-joint to the point of the hock,
twenty-eight inches.
One of the best examples of ''speedy
quarters" I ever saw was the famous Cali
fornia mare, Sunol, who at one time held
the world's trotting record. Sunol is no
handsomer, it may be judged, than was
the famous mare, Swallow. In fact, she
seems to tally very closely witn William
of Malmesbury'a description of Here
ward's mare, as a glance at her picture
will show. She is a big mare, standing
sixteen hands half an inch forward, and
sixteen hands two and a half inches be
hind. This is a very unusual difference
between the hips and withers measure
ments, and has doubtless much to do with
the mare's great speed. She is built like a
greyhound, and so was Swallow, but the
Californian mare has a small, blood-like
head.
A horse that stands much in stable will
often be troubled with swelling of the hind
legs, particularly in spring or fall, and
this sometimes happens with animals just
brought in from pasture. Such animals
should be given regular work, not too
heavy, with a judicious use of hand-rub
bing and bandages. The rubbing should
extend along the lower thigh and at the
back, never in front, along the cannon
bone. The reason for this is that there
are no muscl >s covering this bone and
rubbing along the anterior surface is likely
to bruise the skin and integuments.
When a horse is not kept thoroughly clean
a scurfy eruption is apt to appear on the
skin in the bend of the hock, correspond
ing to a similar difficulty known as mal
lenders, which occurs back of the knee.
The parts should be bathed daily in tinc
ture of sulphur weakened with about six
parts of water until the eruption disap
pears, and the sulphur may also be given
in five or six drop doses night and morn
ing. Miss Russell.
THE VERY EARLIEST
BOOK-PLATE KNOWN.
Represents a Porcupine With a
Flower in Its Mouth.
Worth About Two Hundred Dollars
and Is Owned by an English
Collector.
The collection of book-plates is one of
the latter-day hobbies with our cousins
across the Atlantic. Book-plates are com
paratively rare in this country, yet there
are Americans who pride themselves on
just such a peculiar dignity. But the
book-plate collector is seldom to be found
in this busy land of ours. Tne stamp
collector and the coin collector and the
curio fiend, and collectors of goodness
knows how many other different kinds
and species of things, are as numerous, on
the whole, as the names on the school
census but the book-plate collector is not
much in evidence. We find the vast array
of book-plate collectors where we find
the strongest adherents of Cleveland's
free-trade policy — '-across the water."
Nevertheless, it is interesting to know
how the fad flourishes, and it is rather a
relief to discover something recent to talk
about, even though the sentimental hobby
has no bearing on the burning issues of
the nineteenth century. Only a few weeks
ago James Dorman. a London bookseller,
paid £1150 for a notable book-plate collec
tion, which belonged to the estate of the
late Rev. T. W. Carson of Dublin, Ireland.
Mr. Carson was widely known as a col
lector, and of the 30,000 or more plates
which he had gathered together many are
very rare and interesting. Mr. Dorman
tenderly pointed out to an interviewer the
merits of half a dozen specimens. No
like collection to Mr. Carson's was ever
placed upon the martet.
"Mr. Carson was always willing to help
and advise a younger collector," said Mr.
Dorman, "but he would never write a
work on book-plates. Oddly enough, it is
just those people who could write with
the fullest practical knowledge on the sub
ject who won't do so. However, Lord de
Tabley furnished an exception to the dic
tum, for his volume, written before he
came into his title, is a standard one.
"The collection which he left is very
fine. It remains in the hands of the fam
ily. Sir A. W. Franks of the British Mu
seum is without doubt the first living col
lector in England. He has not merely a
finer collection than anybody else, but he
knows much more about book-plates than
other people.
"Tne man who stands first in England
as an engraver of book-plates is Mr. Sher
born. His plates are most sought after,
most valuable and, indeed, I doubt if there
is anybody between him and Albert Durer.
Lord Wolseley's book-plate is by Mr. Sher
born, so is the Duke of Westminster's, so
are those of many well-known people.
Probably one of his finest productions is
the book-plate of the Burlington Fine Arts
Club. A first question which a customer
asked me the other day in reference to the
Carson collection was, 'How many Sher-
Dornsdid it contain?' Well, I was glad to
be able to say that it contained over 100
specimens.
"You see, the name of Mr. Sherborn is a
tribute to the workmanship of a plate, and
that ia one of the great points which a col
lector must always have in view. The very
highest value, however, belongs to the
earliest, and so the rarest, book-plates.
You will readily understand why it should
be so. Now, the most ancient book-plate
known is the Igler one, which dates about
the year 1450. It belonged to one Jean
Knabensberg, called Igler, a German chap
lain, and represents a hedgehog holding a
flower in its mouth. The inscription is in
the words, 'Harms Igler dcs dich em Igel
Kuss.' The only two copies of this book
plate of which I have heard have passed
through my own hands at prices between
£30 and £40."
•—• — ♦ — »
A STORY OF THE SHAH.
He Was Ambitious to Shoot Corks
From Off a Lady'g Head.
The London Daily News vouches for the
truth of the following story of the late
Shah: On his la3t visit Lord Salisbury
gave a garden party in his honor at Hat
field and for the Shah's amusement in
vited an exhibition of shooting by themau
who shot corks off a lady's head.
The Shah, seeing it was so easy, asked
if he might try, and holding a repeating
rifle in his hand swept the barrel round
in the direction of Lord Salisbury and
many of the guests, not a little to their
consternation. The lady performer re
fused to allow herself to be shot at and
the Shah then invited his Prime Minister
to take the lady's place. But to this
Lord Salisbury, in friendly fellow-feeling
for his Persian confrere, decisively ob
jected, and, in the end, the Shah was dis
armed.
A HIGH JINKS
THAT WAS ON TOP
The San Francisco Press
Club Covers Itself With
Glory.
Judge Hunt as Dean— General
Barnes Talks About the
Heavenly Orbs.
Wells Drury Presents a Unique Coun
try Journal — The Head of a
Famous Warrior.
The midsummer jinks given by the
Press Club and sired by Judge Hunt has
been the talk of the town for a week past.
It was a remarkably interesting entertain
ment, and the proof of this was seen by
the presence of almost every one in the
throng till the jinks was over. It did not
end till 2:30 o'clock, and then lowjinka
began.
The last half of the first entertainment,
as well as the low jinks, was fully equal
to the first half of the programme, of which,
the daily papers have told.
Seasoned clubmen, who for years have
been attending the best entertainments of
the leading clubs of New York and San
Francisco, aay the Press Club jinks was
the equal of any, and superior to nearly
all others. This statement is believed to be
fully within bounds.
No sire has previously surpassed Judge
Hunt in his inimitable humor and superb
tact in saying the right thing at the right
time. He began with no speech, but at
once started the entertainment by reading
some dispatches from eminent statesmen,
poets and others, extending congratula*
tions to the club.
After T. T. Williams' humorous story of
the brief lives of some city editors he had
known, the editors being illustrated by
Swinnerton, Mr. Crabbe whistled different
operatic selections. Hugh Hume's paper,
"Editors on the Warpath," a criticism of
the judiciary, was read by Julius Kaun.
Frank Coffin sang the ballad "Sally in 0u«
Alley" and other songs, being enthusiasti
cally applauded.
Then Harry Melvin read one of the ex
cellent papers for which he is noted, end
ing with a poem which "brought down the
house." The Loring and Press Club quar
tets gave some selections. These selec
tions followed an address by Superior
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard on Kanakamuki,
an ancient Hawaiian tighter. The speech
closed with a beautiful poem, the skull of
the ancient islander being exhibited De
fore him as he spoke. With the skull was
an inscription, reading:
: Kanakamuki. t
; Hawaiian Warrior. ;
: Hied in Battle in 1795.
'. Presented to :
: The Press Club of San Francisco :
June 6, 1896. :
The Hawaiian airs rendered by the quar«
(et in connection with the presentation
were received with enthusiastic applause.
At exactly midnight, amidst darkness,
for suddenly nearly all the lights went
out, Leo Cooper, disguised to resemble
Charles Dickens, read a selection from
"Little Nell," while a deep bell tolled, mak
ing the scene very impressive. Jean Mar
quardt gave a violin solo; Ferris Hart
man, disguised as Mayor Sutro, made a
fiery speech on the octopus. He gained
great applause, but not more than did Mr,
Myrtle, in the guise of Judge Wallace,
reading "a charge to the jury."
J. J. Raffael and Antone Schott were
repeatedly recalled, as others had been,
for inimitable selections, these being of
course musical. Judge Hunt at intervals
read telegrams brought by uniformed
messengers. They were from various men,
living and dead, and each dispatch kept
everybody in continued good humor.
General W. H. L. Barnes, at the low
jinKs, made two eloquent speeches. Ha
began by saying that he had discovered
that night was really the best part of life.
He did not wonder therefore that nig
friends about him refused to go home on
such an occasion as this.
He said men might think it strange, but
only about two years ago had he begun to
give the subject of astronomy any serious
attention. He had since then taken it up,
and he had been amazed at the extra
ordinary pleasure he had found in it.
Then he spoke about the constellations
that were marshaled in the blue vault.
From this he alluded to the A. P. A. and
the Y. M. I. and spoke humorously of hi 3
recent experiences at Sacramento as a
correspondent, for he had been introduced
as the youngest journalist in the audience,
his experience having been confined to
two days. Everybody wanted Barnes to
talk on, but it was not till some time later
that he was dragged forth again.
Wells Drury, who has had large experi*
ence in all departments of newspaper
work, read "A Country Paper." It was
an unusually interesting production. He
illuminated his paper witu some pungent
verbal expressions, by way of comment,
thus flavoring the subject to the taste of
those present. It was a feature of the
unique jinks. Part of the paper is repro
duced at this time.
In his opening remarks Mr. Drury said
that it was popular with some to look
upon the country papers as inferior in the
quality that goes to make up true journal
ism. "Wifi such a view Ido not agree,"
said Mr. Drury. "My relationship with
some of the interior papers served to im
press me most pleasantly and to teach ma
that only tl.e vital news of the day or week
may bY expected from the rural press.
NEW TO-DAT.
From T..S. Journal of Xedidnt.
w^A Prof.W. H.
I T^A. /^ who makes a special-
ly t I C 7 ty of E P ile Psy, has
§1 Hi without doubt treat-
M. M. vW e^ and cured more
cases than any living
Physician";
VUI CUt have
heard of
cases of : 20 years' standing cured by
; him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he > sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address ,
*rof.W.H.PEEKE,F.D.,4CedarSt MRoses.
Lucent, cleiir dewdrop*
On mist-100m 8 spun,
Among the ivd roses
Ablow in the sun;
June's crimson roses.
Flowers Of the sun!
In a waste earden,
Through :he night's noon,
Pale roses dreamily
Swim* 'neath the moon;
Gold-gleaming roses.
Flowers of th<> moon.
Another birthday— yes, our flag's!
It is 110 years old to-day !
One hundred and nineteen years since
the "stars and stripes" was adopted as the
National symbol of the spirit of the Ameri
can people.
Then just thirteen States formed our
Union.
Unchanged through all these years has
the dear old flag remained, with the ex
ception that on the Fourth of July follow
ing the admission of a new State an
other white star is placed in its field of
blue.
And now to-day it proudly floats from
every public building and schoolhouse all
over our broad land, saluted by millions
of loyal hearts as the standard of the most
honorable and the most glorious Govern
ment in the world!
In a pleasant letter from a correspond
ent who has taken an interest in "Child
hood's Realm," the suggestion is made
that The Call offer prizes to its young
readers and contributors.
Thanking you for your kindness, we
beg leave to state that when the present
management sssumed control of The
Call the broad stand was at once taken
that in no department of the paper should
any form of inducement to insure sub
scriptions be offered besides the excellent
character of its make-up and reading ma
terial, and that in no sense of the word
should it be a "hawker."
Therefore, the boys and girls who have
encouraged the editor of "Childhood's
Realm" so very much by their dear little
letters and their efforts to unravel the
puzzles have done so, not in the hope of
receiving any reward save that which i
comes from "work done for work's sake." i
What has become of Alice Bell? For I
two weeks no letter has been received ,
/rora her! We raiss you. Alice, because -,
you *.vpre the most faithful of ail the little j
puzzle-workers. Let us hear from you
soon again.
Won't my dear little boys and girls,
■whom I think of almost every moment of
my time, be just a mite more careful
about their writing, their spelling, and
please, please, PLEASE write only on one j
side of the paper.
seven TIES
(A True Story.)
BY CLARISSA PoTTKR. IN WIDE AWAKE.
They sat in a row on the buttery shelf
seven crinkly edged, spicy, steaming
pumpkin pies.
They were on blue earthen plates and
they had little sugary bubbles all over
their hot faces.
They smelled good, they tasted good,
they were good.
Mother had shut the buttery door, for
she said, "What if old Peter should get
in here and eat my pies!" Old Peter was
our bicgest cat and he always would steal
whenever he was hunery.
When mother had put the last pie on
<he shelf and shut the buttery door, siie
did not see Lizzie and I hiding behind
the flour barrel.
Woen we heard mother hang up the pie
fork in the cookroom we crawled out and
stood before the seven pies. How good
they did smell!
Lizzie reached up and picked a tiny bit
of sweet, crisp, golden-brown skin from
the top of one pie and ate it. Then she
picked off a biegor piece and ate that.
Lizzie was older and taller than I. I
couldn't reach the pies though I stood on
tiptoe and tried to.
IN...
CHILDHOODS
REALM
/\&tV V. (Richards
Whe.i Lizzie had eaten the skin of one
pie, she peeled the skin off the next one,
"to make males," she said. Slie gave me
the bubbles in the peeling to eat. Tnen
she made "mates" of the next two pies on
the shell, and of the next two, and the
next one. We wished mother had baked
a mate to that last one.
Once mother had punished our fingers
for picking off the crust-crinkles to a cus
tard nie. She told us never to pick off pie
crinkles again. Lizzie remembered what
she said and did not pick one crust-crinkle
off those seven pumpkin pies. All we ate
was just their skins.
Then we came out and shut the buttery
door very softly and went behind the
stable to play in the watering-troughs.
By and by we heard mother call "'Lizzie !"
We didn't answer.
Mother called again, ''Liz-zie! Ad-die!"
We peeped around the corner and she
was standing in the shed-door. She saw
our pink sunbonnets and called again,
"Girls, did you peel my pumpkin pies?"
"I— l skinned half a pie, mamma";
Lizzie answered so low that nobody but
mother could have heard her.
"Did you peel more than half a pie?"
"I— l skinned oue whole pie," Lizzie's
answer went round the stable's corner.
"Did you peel more than one whole
pie?"
"I— l did skin three pies, mamma."
Lizzie was a brave little girl. She didn't
say "we," she said "I," thoueh I had
helped eat the pie-skins.
"Did you peel more than three pies,
Lizzie?" Mother's voice was just as
patient as ever.
"I peeled mates, mamma: all the mates
there were and one mate over."
"Then my little girls will come into the
house" And we went in with mother;
but before she shut the shed door she
broke off a tiny switch from the lilac bush
growing near it — a bit of a lilac twig that
couldn't hurt a fly's wing, but small as it
was, in mother's hand it helped us to re
member never again to peel the skins
from the pumpkin pies.
BUNNY
Once upon a time there was a little girl
i whose name was Alice Day. One day,
i after having read until she was tired, she
asked her mother's permission to co down
to the meadow to pick "ladyslippers," as
they grew in great notnbers there.
Her mother answered, "Yes, dear, but
: keep a sharp lookout for snakes. You
i know papa killed one there yesterday."
; Alice promised to be watchful, and
j snatching up her bonnet she ran gayly to
■ the meadow, where she was soon seated
in the midst of the dainty blossoms, her
' hands busily forming a beautiful bouquet,
while her thoughts were busy about the
snakes.
When she had gathered quite a large
bunch sne started for home. As she was
walking leisurely along she spied off to one
side a large patch of bluebells, her moth-
I er's favorite flower. "Oh, I must take her
1 some of these beauties," she exclaimed
■ as she went on a run through the tall
; grass, forgetting all about snakes. No
i sooner had she begun to pluck the blue
j bells, however, when she saw the grass
| moving beside her as if something were
| slinpmg through it. "Of course it is a
; snake!" she cried, running away as fast as
I she could, but hoklin g her bouquets very
; firmly. When the frightened little girl
reached home she told her mamma all
about it, and then Mrs. Day sent Alice's
brother with the little girl back to the
place where she had seen the grass move,
and what do you suppose he found? Not
a snake at all, but a little young rabbit?
Alice took the tiny thing up in her arms
and carried it home, where she gave it
sorae nice warm milt and a box in which
ito sleep. At first the rabbit would not i
; drink the milk, but soon learned to like it,
but he enjoyed from the first the fresh
I clover wnich the little girl gathered for
him every day.
Then a name had to be chosen. Mrs.
I Day suggested "Max," bat Alice said
"No, that was the name of a naughty dog."
She finally decided to call it "Bunny,"
I and she often laughs when she remembers
how very frightened she had once been of
', her dear lit tie long-eared pet, and says
"He could never make me run so fast
away from him again.' 'Irene Moobe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 189*5.
Yes, that's the title of my story. "Oh,
we won't like that story at all," I think I
hear you exclaim, but please begin it, and
I think you will enjoy it. It's true, every
word, and happened nineteen years ago in
a country district about thirty-five miles
north of the city of San Diego.
THE 6TOBY.
"Why, Miss Kate, I don't see the school
house!"
"I think perhaps we're not near enough
yet," answered Miss Kate, rather doubt
fully.
"Oh, yes we are ! Don't you remember
we could always see it when we reached
this tree?" said the little boy again.
"Well, Willie, I do believe you are right
and that our own little schoolhouse has
been either swallowed up or blown away !' '
exclaimed the young teacher, as she
stopped suddenly in the path, gazing with
astonishment at the place where the build
ing should have been.
"We weft it all wight yes'day af'noon,
didn't we, Mith Kate?"
'•Yes, Daisy dear, but it's gone now;
let's go ud to where it stood and see if we
can discover what has become of it."
So up the steep hill they climbed; when
they arrived at the spot, which was really
a very barren, unsheltered place, they
found that some mischief- worker had been
very busy during their absence.
One of the walls of the building lay at
quite a distance, while the other three
were piled on top of each other near at
hand.
The hills and knolls around were strewn
with a medley of papers, clock, stoves,
pencils, chalk, desks and books.
Wno or what had done the mischief?
How could it have happenea?
After talking it over quite a while they
decided it must have been a sudden squall
of wind, pureiy local, which had played
havoc with their little temple of learning
while they had been soundly sleeping the
night before.
Dispatching one of the boys for the
trustee who lived in the neighborhood,
Miss Kate and the rest of the children
went to work to gather up those of the
furnishings which had not been ruined.
The schoolma'am felt pretty blue; the
hot tears tilled her eyes as she bent over
her task. What was she to do? Here she
was far away from home- Ab, the thought
of her mother, brothers and sisters in that
home, whom she was trying so hard to
help, and now she had no schoolhouse in
which to teach! Was it not disheaten-
Ing?
It was a very lonely place; thinly set
tled. The trustees had been paying her a
high salary, and had even given her an
extra amount for teaching on Saturdays,
because she was the very first instructor
who had been willing to remain during a
whole term.
Thus her thoughts ran, her face grow
ing more ser>ous all the time.
"It was a good thing it happened at
night, Miss Kate," said one of the boys,
trying to cheer her.
"Yes, Benny."
"Jush shink, Mith Kate, if it had hap
p'n'd the day you forgotted to bwing the
key, and we all had to cwimb in and out
of the windo' ! We'd been all hurted
badwy wen, wouldn't we?" chimed in
dear little Daisy Browne.
"Ob, here comes Mr. Case!" they
shouted, running to meet the easy-going,
eood-natured man.
"Wall, 1 declar', Miss Kate," said he,
puffing ana blowing after his climb, "this
is too bad reely !
"What are you a-going to do?"
"Mr. Case, I think I'll pack my trunk
and start for home to-morrow; I believe
a steamer sails from San Diego for the
north to-morrow, does it not?" said she,
with trembling lip and flashing eye.
"Thar, tbar, not so fast. Of course I
can't say just what the other trustees of
the deestrict will want to do, but I swan,
we'd all hate to have you go.
"I guess I'd better hitch up the old roan
and jew' drive over and let Mr. Jones and
Mr. Sykeß know 'bout this a-happenin' t
and come and tell you this evenin' what
we decide to do.
"Now you ko home, like a good girl, and
jest make up your mind that we'll not let
you eet off for such a little thing as the
schoolhus's blowin' down ! Will we, young
uns?"
•'You bet your boots we won't," shouted
the boys.
Thanking him for his encouraging words
Miss Kate and her faithful little flock
started for borne— a long walk of a mile
and a half before her.
It was in the lovely springtime of the
year and the air was so full of the congs of
birds and the sweet fragrance of flowers
that they soon recovered their good spirits
and had not pone very far when they bad
to stop and have a good hearty laugh over
the funny misfortune.
One by one the boys and girls bade their
teacher good-by as they reached their
homes, rushing with eagerness to tell the
excitinir news to their parents, who were
rilled with wonder when they saw tb«ir
children returning from school so eaily in
the day.
During the evening Miss Kate received
the promised call from Mr. Case, who
brought the welcome news that the school
house was to be immediately rebuilt, that
the trustees had determined to build it
much nearer her boarding-place, in a
pretty, little sheltered dell.
Until it was ready, which he thought
ITS AN ILL WIND
THAT
BLOWS
NOBODY
GOOD
would be in about a week, she was to hold
her classes in his front room.
Again thanking him for his kindness
and bidding him "good night," she went
to bed with a very happy heart.
The next day the children met with
their teacher in Mr. Case's front room, and
every day after that until the school build
ing was ready.
Mr. Case's house, by the way, consisted
of two tiny rooms, the one in which the
Ten baby owls roosting on a line.
One let go, and then there were nine.
Nine baby owls swinging on a gate.
One fell off, and then there were eight
Eight baby owls a good time havin'.
One burst his little self, and then there were seven.
Seven baby owls all in a mix.
One got out of it, and then there were six.
Six baby owls in for a dive.
One didn't come up, and then there were five.
Five baby owls " sliding down our cellar door."
One got mad, and then there were but four.
Four baby owls up in a tree.
Bang! went a big gun, and then there were three.
Three baby owls a-winkin' at you.
One winked too hard, and then there were two.
Two baby owls starting for a run.
One got left behind, and then there was one.
One baby owl crooning all alone.
An old hawk gobbled him, and then there was none.
lessons were recited being the family sit
ting and bedroom.
And worst of all, there was a teething
baby in the house, whose peevish cries
often drowned the voices of teacher and
punils.
My! how glad a day it was when the
little unpainted schoolbouse was ready
for its occupants once more, even though
it had no floor save the one furnished by
Mother Earth — even though its stove and
clock were warped and rusty and its books
and maps tattered and torn. Then the
kind trustees had placed it in such a pretty
spot.
All during the days of the spring term
the one little window and the door were
thrown wide open to admit the sweet
scents and the sounds of the season.
Mocking-birds sang in the canyons close
by.
The little squirrels were wont to come
and sit on the wood pile by the open door.
Humming-birds, on, so brilliant, darted
hither and thither, and the flowers were
so abundant and so gorgeous that the del 1
seemed to have been del uged with vari
colored paint from the great pots of the
giants on the mountain-tops above.
So you see, ruy dears, it was not such
an ill wind, after all, that one night blew
down the little country schoolhouse.
M. W. R.
The Wise Bees.
A bee is a busy little creature, and as
wise as he is busy. It can gather about a
grain of honey a day, which seems very
small, but as there are 10,000 bees in a hive
the aggregate is very large. Years ago a
speculator gent swarms of bees to the VVest
Indies, hoping to have honey in plenty,
but be was disappointed. The wise little
insects soon learned tnat there was no use
piling up honey for winter, because the
flowers were in blossom all the year round,
so they only made as much as they could
eat, and the experiment failed.
THE LETTER BOX
San Francisco, June 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: lama little boy, seven years
old. My papa takes The Call every Sunday
morning, and I enjoy reading the "Child-
I hood's Realm." Igo to the Washington Gram
j mar School. I am in the second grade. My
teacher's name is Miss J. Scott. This is my
tirst letter to The Call. Your new friend,
Gasckel Jaaols.
San Francisco, June 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: lama little girl. Igo to the
! Douglass School. The principal's name is Miss
Tarpy, and my teacher's name is Miss Clausen.
I like them very much. 1 live upon a hill;
there is a fine view, and I can see all over the
| City and bay. lam 11 years old. I can write
i poetry. I have many poems written in my
! , blank-book. We take The Call, and I enjoy
I reading the "Childhood's Realm" very much.
I have written a piece of poetry about the
pansy, and I hope to see it published in next
Sunday's Call. Yours truly,
Vera Chisholm.
Melrosk, June 4, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My mamma reads the children's page
to me and my sister every Sunday. Iso to the
Melrose school. lam in the third grade. I
like to go to school very much. I have a pet
dog named Sport and he plays with me every
day. I have a little white puppy. I would like j
to see this in next Sunday's Call. Your little
new friend,
Sophie Pretoriocs (8 years old).
Lincoln, Cal.. June 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call, and I hope it will please you. My papa
takes The Call and he likes it better than the j
Chronicle. I like to read the little boys' and 1
girls' letters on the children's page every Sun- J
day. Our school let out on the 23d of May.
My letter is getting long so I will close. Good
by. Your little friend,
Minnie Wyatt (age 9).
San Feancisco, June 7.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call, and
I am very much interestei in the children's
column. As next Sunday is flag day, will The
Call devote some space in briefly telling how
proudly Old Glory has floated through sun
shine and rain from June 14, 1777, down to I
June 14, 1896, and explain what the red, white I
and blue stands for in the formation of our j
flag? I Know it would please all the children I
who like me read our column; and hurrah j
for Old Glory and The Call, that speaks for
all. Good-by. Schoolboy, age 11. Leon.
2268 Chattanooga Street, June 7, 1896.
Dear Editor: I like the children's page very
much, and my mamma reads the stories to me.
Some of them are very funny. I have a great j
many pete— three dogs, two canary birds and |
a polly. I think she is the smartest polly in I
the world; she cries, sings, whistles, calls
"Potatoes all in sacks" and "Oranges 15 cents
a dozen"; crows like a rooster, cackles as if
she had laid some eggs, and she says she is an
A. P. A. This is my first letter/so I hope it
will be published in The Call next Sunday.
I am 11 years old. Good-by. Your little
friend, Dorabelle Gratto.
Tomalks, June 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write to !
The Call. This la the first time I have writ- |
ten. I like the Child's Realm. I am 9 years
old and lam in the fifth grade at school. We
have vacation now.
I have two sisters and three brothers. Papa
ha* been taking The Call for fifteen years.
Inclosed find answers to puzzles of June 7.
I hope this will skip the waste-basket.
Your new friend. Maggie Curry.
Kekaha, Kauai, May 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The call. I
like to read the children's page. I did live in
Oakland, but now I live in Kekaha on apian ta- 1
' tion. My papa is chief engineer on the pump- !
ing plant that supplies water for the cane
fields.
When I lived in Oakland I used to go out on
the hills and pick poppies, and papa is going j
to see if he can set me some poppy seeds to ■
plant here, and if they grow I will send you j
some pressed.
This is the first letter I have ever written for j
a paper. I hope you will publish it. I am 9 i
years old. Yours truly,
Charles Ensign Jr.
Tracy, Cal., June 9, 1896,
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 12 years old
and my uncle takes The Call.- Every Sunday ,
after Sunday-school I read the Childhood's j
Realm. I read the letters and other pretty j
stories.
We are having vacation now and we are
having a fine time out in the fields.
Hoping to see my letter printed in The Call, j
your little friend, '" Louise Jost.
v Edna, June 5, 1896.
Dear Editor: I enjoyed the stories and letters
in The Sunday Call so much that I wanted to
write and tell you so. This is my first letter I
have ever written for a newspaper. I hope to
see my letter published in next Sunday's Call.
I am only 8 years old.
My home is in Santa Maria, but at present I
am visiting on a ranch. I love to gather the
eggs and feed the chickens and ducks.
My cousin has a hammock and a tent under
the trees in the yard which we like very much.
One day we went down to the beach and
went in wading. I liked it so much that I was
sorry when it was time to start for home.
Yours truly, Clara Ctow.
Tracy, Cal., June 9, 1896.
Dear Editor: lama little girl 11 years old.
My papa takes The Call. I like to read the
"Childhood's Realm" very much. I have
never written to you before, so I thought I
would write. I live out in the country. Our
house is two and a half miles to town. I have
three brothers— Willie, Henry and Eddie. I
have no sisters, but my consin stays here.
Hoping to see my letter printed in The Sunday
Call, I remain your friend,
Nellie Sohimdt.
Roseville, Cal., June 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Daily Call.
! I like to read the children's page. I am a little
! girl 8 years old. This is my first letter to you.
!My school closed a week ago last Friday. I
j was promoted from the second to the third
j grade. My teacher's name was Miss Phlllippi.
i I liked her very much. I hope you will print
' this in next Sunday's Call if you have room.
Sylvia A. Theilb.
Madep.a, Cal., June 9, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a boy of 11 years. This is
I my first letter to The Call. I like to read tho
"Childhood's Realm."
I haven't tried any of your puzzles yet, but
will soon try.
I'd like to see my letter published in Th«
Call. My brother has been taking it for two
years.
I am a brother of a natural artist, an account
of whom appeared in the columns of your val
uable paper about a year ago.
My brother Ben broke his ankle the other
j day.
When you receive my letter please don't put
I it in the wastebaskct, for I hope to see it in
i The Call by next Sunday, because The Call
! is the best paper on the Pacific Coast. Good-by.
I Yours truly, Abraham Preciado.
PUZZLES
Correct answers to questions and puzzlet
of June 7:
I. The stars and stripes adopted as American
flag on June 14. 1777.
11. Granting of "Magna Charta" In Eng
land on June 15, 1215.
111. June 17, 1775. Battle of Bunker Hill.
IV. The gift of corn. On June 23. 1681, the
Indian chief Mnssaaoit presented to the whltet
coru for food and planting.
V. (1) Showers. (2) Flowers. (3) Bowers.
VI. Pole (of a carriage). Pole (North). Pol*
(native of Poland).
VII. One-tone-stone— Gladstone.
VIII. liecause its bound to occur (a cur).
IX. The group— Gladstone, bis wife and their
granddaughter "Dorothy."
Puzzles for June 14:
I. When is a door not & door? M. Selio.
KNItiMA.
In mountain not In bill,
In meadow not In tiolcl,
In me not in yoa.
In man ana woman too.
USCAK AKOELLKY.
111. Fall-peach
takes- rolls.
Out of the above words create the motto of
a great San Frunoisco newspaper.
IV. Take a girls' name of four letters,
change its head eight times and have words
meaning respectively: A fruit, a way or pas
sage, behind time, a value, a companion, dis
like, an inevitable necessity, and the head.
LUCY MOELLKB.
V. I am comDOsed of 8 letters.
My 3—l—2—s name of a toy.
My 4—6—7—B means bloody.
My 7—6 — 8 name of a boy.
My 3—l—4 name of an animal.
My whole is a title bestowed on our flag.
VI. Dropped vowels.
A proverb: Tm nd td wt fr n mn.
VII. What berry is found in the workbaskett
In the manger? In the poultry-yard?
VIII. (o) Behead a word meaning "to
stretch" and get "to draw along"; behead
again and get "moisture falling in drops."
(b) Behead "ease of manner" and get run
ning; again and get "rheoneof cards or dice."
(c) behead a " cereal " and get " great
warmth" ; behead again and get "to take food."
Names of those who sent In answers to all
or a majority of the questions and puzxles for
May 31: Irene Moore, John Morrison, Frank
Arj'oand Oscar Angelley. For Juno 7 from
Marion Hamilton, Maggie Curry, M. Selig and
one unsigned set of answers.
Besides letters published to-day pleasant
communications have been received irom R.
M. 8., Oscar Angeiley, Bessie McMahon, An
toinette Crawford, Mrs. T. H. Cowell, Mrs. Caf
ferty, and a little rhyme from Vera Chisholm.
2930
AT THE PLAY
The great Frawley-Stockwell tourna
ment opens to-morrow. Theater-goers
have jumped at the conplusior that there
will be a tournament and are watchine i(fT
the fray with deep interest, some of them
ready to stake money that Daniel Fraw
ley's admirers will stand shoulder to
shoulder and resist the allurements of the
California Theater, while others consider
that Stockwell trumped his partner's
tricks when he made all his prices lower
than those of the Columbia. Wilton
Lackaye, however, is sure to prove a draw
ing card for Frawiey, though there is no
knowing what new sensations Stockwell
may yet be holding in reserve. In this
theater-going town the field ought to be
wide enough for both companies, but if
one theater has to triumph at the other's
expense it would take a prophet or the
son of a prophet to say beforehand which
is to be the winner.
Since the failure of Abbey, Schoeffel &
Grau and the publication of the loss at
which many New York theaters ran last sea
son the Eastern papers have made a series
of startling discoveries, which throw a new
light on the American stage. In the hrst
place they profess to have found out that
the managers know nothing about their
own business— they are coarse, sordid peo
ple, with souls more adapted to selling
hoes than to directing the destinies of
dramatic art; there is not one of them
who knows a good play when he sees it, or
who can distinguish a rising Bernhardt
from a bucolic barn-atormer. On the
shelves of New York managers, if we are
to believe the journalistic statements,
plays which would startle and delight the
world lie dusty and neglected, while the
managers vie with one another to secure
weak, cheap trashy productions, which
tne public won't accept at any price. One
New York critic, after carefully pondering
over why so many theaters have been
doing poor business, has written a cate
chism for managers.
"Who employs the bad actors? The
manager. Who produces the unworthy
plays which the public would not pay
money to see? The manager. Who has
overcrowded the theater with amateurs?
The manager. Who has put unskilled
players in the center of the stage and kept I
clever actors in the wings? The manager, j
Who has attempted to foist his favorites ;
on the audience and given unsuitable roles
to performers whoae merits we approve?
The manager. Who. has persisted in forc
ing on us authors that we condemn? The
manager. Who governs, directs, decides
upon the productions and shapes the policy
of the theater? The manager. Who but
a theatrical manager would blame every
body, except himself, for the mistakes he
has committed?"
It seems that the present manager has
"got to go" unless he reforms his ways. If
the journalists, who know so much more
about his business than tie does himself,
could run the theaters for a time we might
tee some startling changes. The reform
ers do not propose to do this, however; all
they demand is to see American theaters
under the direction of actor-managers of
the Henry Irving. Beerbohm Tree and
Forbes Robertson kind— men who under
stand acting as an art and do not regard it
merely as a trade. The trouble is that
actor-managers cannot be summoned from
the vasty deep at a moment's notice, and so
far this country has been slow in produc
ing men who excel in both capacities.
Mansfield has shown pretty conclusively
that a great actor, with the best inten
tions, may make a poor manager. How
ever, while the East is clamoring for the
actor-manager who does not come, San
Francisco will this week have two of them
in the field. On his opening night, a
couple of weeks ago, Frawley said that he
intended to go on improving his troupe
till he could send San Francisco compa
nies to New York. Stockwell would no
doubt like to do the same thing, so by civ
in .' the glad hand to both companies we
may yet solve the dramatic crisis and save
the American stage from going down be
fore either the bicycle or the music hall.
Baldwin Theater.
To-morrow night Nat Goodwin will com
mence the second and last week of his
engagement with Henry Guy Carieton's
comedy, "A Gilded Fool," which was pre
sented during his last visit here. The
play was written to suit his peculiar
talents, and as Chauncey Short, the
"gilded fool," who saves his sweetheart's
father from bankruptcy in spite of the
crime of a treacherous partner, Goodwin
does some of his best work. He not only
gives his audience plenty of material for
laughter, but in certain scenes displays a
pathos bordering on tears.
John Drew comes to the Baldwin for a
week's engagement on Monday, June 22.
He will present his latest success, "The
Squire of Dames," an adaptation by R.
C. Carton from the French, which recent
ly ran for seven consecutive weeks in New
Tfork. John Drew's company includes,
among others: Maud Adams, Annie
Irish, Gladys Wallis, Ethel Barrymore,
Annie Adams, Virginia Buchanan, Arthur
Byron, Harry Harwood, Louis Baker,
Leslie Allen, Herbert Ayling, Frank
Lamb and Graham Henderson.
California Theater.
A good deal of local interest is centered
in the initial appearance of the new stock
company at the California Theater to-mor
row night. It will be a novelty to see such
performers as Herbert Kelcey, Effie Shan
non, Olive Oliver, etc., at popular prices,
and the first night will present a thor
oughly pacKed bouse.
The company will make its appearance
in the Lyceum Theater's new production,
"The Home Secretary," a story of Eng
lish political and social life, the title role
of which was Dlayed in London by Charles
Wyndham and Fred Terry. The role will
be assumed here by Herbert Kelcey. It
is that o,f a shrewd, astute politician, who
years before the opening of the play had
been mixed up in a compromising affair
in Vienna, but who has outlived his early
wrongdoing and is pursuing the paths of
rectitude. When he married hi 3 wife,
Rhoda, she imagined him an idealist,
with the most exalted aspirations, and
though she is becoming disgusted at his
humdrum devotion to routine business,
she little guesses that he has a secret to
hide.
It is the object of the Home Secretary's
life to conceal from his wife that he is a
man with a "past"; His secret, however,
is known to Dangerfield, the notorious
anarchist, and the opposition papers are
denouncing the Home Secretary for not
taking proper measures for his suppres
sion. Under the alias of Morris Lucile,
this anarchist is acting as private sec
retary to the politician, and in this
position he poses as an idealist and j
captures the friendship of Rhoda. The j
anarchist is finally unmasked and the !
Home Secretary is saved from the disgrace
which, at one part of tne play, seemed im
pending.
"The Home Secretary" will run all week
at prices varying from 15 cents to 75 cents.
At the matinees the hignest price will be
50 cents. "The Gray Mar*," Sims &
Raleigh's new comedy-drama will consti- ,
tute the bill for the second week.
Columbia Theater.
To-morrow night the Frawley Company
will produce De Mille and Belasco's well
known play, "A Charity Ball." it is a
Lyceum Theater success, and has always
been considered one of the best works of
its authors. The cast will include the
strength of the Frawley Company. Frank
Worthing will appear as John Van Buren,
the rector of St. Mildred's; Macklyn Ar
buckle will be FranKlin Cruger, the King
of Wall street; Harry Corson Clarke will
be Judge Peter Gurney Knox; Miss Max
ine Elliott will be Ann Cruger, and the
rest of the cast will include Danie! Fraw
ley, George Bosworth, George W. Leslie,
Wilson Enos, Frank Thompson, Little
Mildred, Thomas Phillips, Blanche Bates,
Hope Ross, Madge Carr Cook, Phosa Mc-
Allister and Gertrude Berkeley.
Among the attractions which Messrs.
Friedlander, Gottlob <fc Co. annouuee as
being booked for the Columbia Theater
are: The Holland brothers in two new
plays, Lillian Russell, Georgie Cayvan,
Joseph Murphy, "The Parlor Match,"
with William Hoey and a specialty com
pany; Fanny Rice. Henderson's new pro
duction of "The Crystal Slipper," Edward
Harrigan and his comiany, "The Twen
tieth Century Girl," "The* Cotton King,"
"Humanity and "Old Jed Prouty."
Palmer's "Trilby" Company will follow
the Frawley Company, coming from their
Australian tour.
Grand Opera- House.
To-day sees the final performances of
"Brotuer Against Brother" at the Grand,
and to-morrow night there will be a re
vival of Thompson's popular comedy
drama "New York Day by Day," a piece
that appeals to varied tastes.
The story opens with three miners in
Australia dividing their savings. One
dies, leaving to his partners his share of
the fortune to be carried home to his wife
and blind child. The trust is betrayed,
and on this foundation four acts full of
incident are established. The villain and
the blind girl move about from tie Bat
tery to Harlem Bridge, taking in the low
and high street scenes of the metropolis.
"New York Day by Day" wili be hand
somely staged and mounted with every
care. The role of Rags, the street gamin,
will be played by Leslie Morosco. In it he
made a great hit some two years since, his
twelve- foot dive, head forerqost, into the
river off Harlem Bridge, being the sensa
tional feature of the ofay.
Grower's Alcazar.
"The Little Detective," of which notices
will be lound in another column, will run
for six more days at Grover's Alcazar.
On Saturday next E imund Collier's en
gagement commences, when the three
stars, Edmund Collier, Amy Lee and
Frank Doane, will appear in * the niclo
drama, "'The Cross Roads of Life," which
will be carefully produced with regard to
scenery, cast and details. Popular prices
continue to prevail at this tneater.
There will be matinees on Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Tivoli Opera-House.
The romantic opera, "Lorraine," will
continue to be sung all this week. The
company has been greatly strengthened
by the engagement of Miss Marie Millard,
the new soprano, and the re-engagement
for a short season of the Dopular souDrette
Louise Royce.
On Monday evening, June 22, the scenic
spectacle, ( 'A Trip to the Moon," will be
presented with a good many scenic effects
and ballet and many novelties in song,
dance and humor. After tnis the short
season of grand opera will be given.
At the Orpheum.
The chief attraction at the Oruheum this
week will consist of the Marlp-Dunham fam
ily who are said to have added greatly to the
difficulty and interest of their feats since
they were here two years ago. When here
before the Mario-Dunhams did all their
acrobatic work on the stage. They n^w
do the same difficult work in midair, wt k
ing on horizontal bars arranged over i..c
audience. It is their boast that these feats
are not attempted by any other acrobats
in the country off the stage.
The Mario-Dunham family consists of
six people, ail trained acrobats. Lawrence
and Harrington are announced as the
original Bowery boy and girl, and they
will give "The Bowery Spielers, a comedy
sketch which made a hit at Tony Pastor's.
Another feature of their work will be the
'•Walla Walla Hall" dance.
The vitascope will be re-enforced with a
new series of moving pictures, and Papinta
promises to have more brilliant colors than
ever thrown on her dances.
INHERITED HER TALENT.
Kate Field Cam* of a Clever Theatrical
Stock.
The death of that brilliant woman, Kate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
Field, and the discovery of her parentage
awaken a host of reminiscences. Some
time in the thirties there lived in Boston
two sisters named Riddle who married
actors. Everybody in the forties knew
their brother, "Dick" Riddle. I think it
was the eldest sister who married Hairy
Smith, an English gentleman by birth,
whose real name was Sefton. For many
years he was the ieading man at the Tre
ruont Theater and was afterward stage
manager and leading old man at the Bos
ton Museum, where his portrait can now
be seen.
Mrs. Smith took to comedy and farce,
and in all my experience of the stage she
had no superior in her own line, deing re
fined, cultivated, sprightly and correct.
Both she and berhusban r! 1 more than
half a century too soon, I ut they did great
service in making the Amci .can stage.
other sister married James M. Field
land played leading parts. She was a good,
Ipainstaking and intelligent actress, and
Ito-day would have been more appre-
Iciated. In lieht comedy Field was aito-
Igether the foremost man of his time,
rbeing remarkably intellectual, vivacious
j and ready to catch the salient points of
his roles.
One of the most brilliant things 1 ever
saw done was his skit on Dr. Lardner,
who had run away from England with
Mrs. Heavyside and was going about this
country delivering humbugging lectures
on science. Another stroke of gen ius was
his arrangement of a series of tabieaus at
the Tremont Theater representing differ
ent characters in Dickens' novels, for the
entertainment of the author, who was
paying his first visit to America. Field,
however, was too brainy and refined for
the multitude, which was attracted by
Forrest, Kirby and the like.
The famiiy finally went to New Orleans,
where Field won a National reputation as
a sparkling writer in the Picayune over
the signature of "Straws." Afterward he
and his wife returned to Boston for one or
two seasons, and then I lost sight of them.
I suppose they shared the fate of strug
gling ability, when the stage was not so
popular as it is now. Kate Field's genius
was no accident, it was an inheritance
from her parents. Parsons Shaw.
National City, Cal.
Macdonough Theater.
"Miss Jerry" will be presented at the
Macdonough Theater, Oakland, to-morrow
and Tuesday evenings.
Nat Goodwin is booked for June 22 and
23, opening with "In Mizzoura."
Sang Too Cheap.
One of the dramatic papers gives an
amusing story of what happened on board
one of the great liners eastward bound re
cently. Among the passengers were Neth
ersole and Calve. Of course, there was the
usual concert for th- benefit of sailors and
sailors' widows. Nethersole sold orchids
at auction and sold them at handsome
pries.
"How much am I bid for this one?"
suddenly asked the Nethersole, displaying
a particularly fine specimen.
"I'll give $50 for that flower," dramat
ically remarked Bronson Howard, rising
from his chair, "if Mme. Calve gives us a
song with the flower."
Calve, after a little coaxing, sang one of
the songs of Massenet and sang it su
perbly.
Afterward she said: "Toocheap! Fifty
dollar! Too cheap! What wilt Abbey,
Schoeffel & Grau say when they hear I
sing for fifty dollar?'*
Had Forgotten Him.
P. N. Crouch, who wrote "Kathleen Ma
vourneen," died some time ago at the age
of 88. A few weeks before his death, so
runs the story, he was walking down State
street, Chicago, when a young man ap
proached him with outstretched hand.
"How ar| you?" asked the stranger.
"Pretty well," was the reply.
"Don't you know me, Mr. Crouch?"
"No, I do not; but if you are in the con
fidence line of business you had better
! track it, for I haven't a red cent in all my
pockets." I
"That's sr splendid wheeze you are un
furling," was the reply. "Why, I'm one of
your sons; I'm Fred, the thirteenth child
and fourth son."
"Where were you born?"
"In Baltimore, 1866."
"That's right," was the answer of Mr.
Crouch. "I thought I'd seen you before.
You see, I was going to New York, but I
guess I'll stay among the pigs for a few
days, and then we will have some talks of
bygones together."
Mr. Crouch remained in Chicago a week,
and he and the thirteenth child became
quite intimate.
Dramatic Brevities.
Nat Goodwin will produce "Treadwayof
Yale" on his return to this City.
Sibyl Sanderson, now at Lake Corao,
will sing in Paris in the early autumu be
fore appearing in St. Petersburg before
I the imperial family.
John Drew's new production for next
season will be "A Man in Love."
Johann Strauss' latest opera, "Wajd
meister," has made a great hit in New
\ork.
Herbert Kelcey goes direct to England
after his stay with the stock company at
; the California.
Sir Henry Irving cabled to the Mayor of
St. Louis: "Have mailed you $1000. Deep
est sympathy in your calamity."
Ellen Terry's father died while Miss
Terry was on the ocean en route for home.
The sad news was communicated to the
actress upon her landing in England on
May Benjamin Terry, father of the
famous Terry children, was himself an
actor, and was 77 years of age.
John Hare has been saying pretty things
of us in nis London interviews. He is
coming back next year, but that is another
story.
Chauncey Olcott will give the first pro
duction of his new play during his coming
engagement in this City at the California
Tneater.
"Bohemia" and "The Benefit of the
Doubt" will be two of the prominent pro
ductions to be given here by the Empire
Theater Company in July.
The Paris Echiir's beauty contest for act
resses has resulted in the choice of the
dancer, Mile. Cleo de Merode, as the hand
somest woman on the P'rench stage. She
received 3076 votes, Sibyl Sanderson 2295,
Mile. Wanda de Boncza 1884.
Joseph Jefferson has received a unique
gift, left for him by Henry Irving. It is
the walking-stick used in the first per
formance of "The School for Scandal" at
ttie Drury Lane, May 8, 1777, by Thomas
King, tne original Sir Peter Teazle. The
stick is handsomely mounted and bears
an inscription by Mr. Irving.
Damages for Her Husband's Death.
Mnrgnret Smith yesterday sued Jeremiah
Nunan for $50,000 damages. Thilip Smith,
Husband of the plaintiff, was killed on April
1() last by the failing of a brick wall on the
property of tbe defendant. Mrs. Smith claims
it was tbe iault of Jeremiah Nunan and asks
$50,000 recompense for the loss of her spouse.
ill feffi! % g % ( j§^w if
EtoH
MlMt
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
j this sign hanging outside
i his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
i has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
I along the leading thor-
! oughfare?
You can afford to trade
| with a druggist that has
Buch a motto as that
r^ c f e A^^^^Ricnr^AD E
ALL LATKEWORK^<?3I^^FOR - TWO : YEARS.
A.L.BANCRCFT&CO.324-PQST ST.S.F.
WILL PURCHASE A FARM
The Presbyterian Orphanage
Selects Thirty Acres at
San Anselmo.
As Soon as the Purchase Money Is
Raised Bu lding Will Be
B gun.
The Board o! the San Francisco Orphan
age and Farm met yesterday afternoon,
and it was unanimously resolved to pur
chase a thirty-acre tract of land near the
Presbyterian Theological Seminary at San
Anselmo.
The land is said to contain all the re
quirements for making the orphanage and
farm an ideal institution, ft is rolling
ground, is well watered winter and sum
mer and contains a fine avenue of trees, on
which the various buildings will be
erected. Another advantage is its near
ness to the seminary, which will enable
the cnildren of the orphanage to attend
Sunday-school and the inmates of the
proposed Old Ladies' Home to attend
services, if they desire to do so.
The price of the property is $6000, and
though not much more than $500 has
already been pledged, the ladies of the
board are confident that they will be en
abled to raise the $5500 before long. Long
experience in charitable work has taught
them not to build till there is no debt on
the land. At tbe meeting last Monday
eight of the ladies present pledged them
selves to raise $100 each. Yesterday one
of these ladies reported that Mrs. H. T.
Crocker had given $100, and it is under
stood that the other ladies are working
hard to bring in the amount for which
they are pledged within a short time. In
addition to these eight pledges $400 has
also been promised.
Mrs. P. D. Browne, the president of the
board, has a number of plans on band for
raising the purchase money within as
short a time as possible. It is possible
that the Presbyterian Sunday-schools all
over the State will be requested to offer
10-cent pledges to the pupils, and the
Christian Endeavor societies and the
King's Daughters will also be requested to
take 10-cent pledges.
As soon as the purchase money is raised
work will be begun in earnest on the
buildings on the farm. The Old Ladies'
Home will go up first, for tne money to
build it is already don-ated. The next
building will be an emergency cottage, in
wnich orphans, half-orphans and desti
tute children will be received without any
I red-tapeism till their cases can be investi-
I gated.
General McComb. for instance, of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, will be able to send children to
this cottage while their cases are being
investigated. Although the orphanage is
under the care of the Presbyterian church,
it is quite undenominational with regard
to its inmates.
The present building of the orphanage
at San Rafael is overcrowded with iis
seventy inmates, so that as soon as ever
funds "will permit a new borne will bs
built at San Anseimo, where the children
will all be taught a trade. Those who
desire to learn farming will have excellent
opportunities of doing so, for it is pro
posed to cultivate the land and raise vege
tables as well as butter, eggs, etc .
VETOED CONTRACTS.
Acting Mayor Taylor Thinks They
Should Have Been Awarded to
the Highest Bidder.
Acting Mayor Taylor vetoed three con
tracts.let by the Board of Supervisors to
Mail, Sadler <fc Co., Webster Jones and S.
Foster & Co. yesterday on the ground that
they were illegal. The contracts were for
supplies for public institutions and the
Pacific Marine Supply Company was the
lowest bidder in each instance. Com
plaint was made to the board that on pre
vious occasions the supply company had
failed to furnish sugar of the grade speci
fied and on this. ground the tender was
rejected and the second highest accepted.
In his veto message Acting Mayor Tay
lor says that tbe law plainly states that
in case the lowest bid is not accepted,
through the incompetence of the bidder
or other reason, the board must advertise
for new bids. He further states that in
this case ' the incompetence of the
supply company can hardly be urged
in the face of the fact that its bid on
eleven other articles were accepted,
and recommends that the company be
given the contract.
• XEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
■•. A ■
&Sr ALCAZAR
Matinee To-day— 100, 15c, 25c— seats.
"THE LITTLE DETECTIVE!"
Caught Two Big House* Yesterday and Is out for
the town.
AMY LEE FRANK DOANE
And the New company.
JIiTIHEES WKI> KSOAV. SATURDAY AM SUNNY!
Icecream and Cake at Wednesday "Pop.''
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc
EDMUND COLLIER in the "CROSS-
KOADSOF LIFE." .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mm. Kk-ndstisk Kbklixo, Proprietor & Alanaear
THE TALK OFTHE TOWN.
EVERY EVENING.
The Greatest Musical Triumph of the
Season.
Bellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera'
T_iOPlR-A.I2SrjE
•'A. STORY OF COURT AND CAMP." ".
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
MONDAY EVENING JUNK 22.
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE.
••THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
WM. E. JOHNS ............ Lessee and Manager.
OPENING ATTRACH N.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINAR Y.
Commencing Saturday Evening, June 20;
And Every Evening and Saturday Matinee, ' '
America's Representative Irish Comedian,
dan McCarthy,
IX THE— '
CRUISKEEN lawn,
Supported by
' MISS LOU RIPLEY .
And the Park Theater Dramatic Company, direct
from New York.
A GRAND SCENIC PRODUCTION.
Popular prices— lOc, 15c and 25c.
Next production, "The Pride of Mayo."
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
GRAND PICNIC
Of the Bunker Hill Association and the
■  Sons of Vermont ■ '
At Glen '* Ellen, Wednesday, 1 June •' 17,
. Anniversary oi the Battle of Bunker Hill. • .
; Boats leave Tiburon Kerry at 9 A. M., returning
leave Ellen at 5 P. M. Trains stop at san
Rafael both wayB.'^M*^W9aWW*©l?4fl&iJ*ttPlS>Ss
Blum's Band will accompany the excursionists. I
'Tickets for round, trip $1. Children under, Vi
years 50c. . For sale at the ferry on the morning of
the picnic. . , ; . .
NEW TO-^AT-AMUSEMENTS. _^.^ . ww~-
"aL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
■ ■■■• BEfiISMiVG, TOMORROW (MONDAY), JOB 15,
r ]ME n second and Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian.
I*"*"! NAT c. GOODWIN
And His Superb Company, Presenting Henry Guy Carleton's Brilliant Comedy Success,
".A. GILDED FOOL."
Monday, June 22-MR. JOHN DREW In "THE SQUIRE OF DAMES."
fAfiaanA 111- DRAMATIC STOCK COMPANY
vAUrQßni** V AS X . Under the erection of l. K.\STOCKWKLL.
BEGINNING JfTO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING, JUNE 15,
Presenting for the First Time in This City the X. Y. Lyceum Theater Success^,
"THE HOME SECRETARY"
The Company Headed by MR. HERBERT KEIiCEV, MISS EFFIE SHANNON,
MB. WM. BEACH, MR. J. T. SULLIVAN, L. R. STOCKWELL,
MISS OLIVE OLIVER. MISS WIXONA SHANNON, Etc.
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES-EVENING, 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c and 78«.
A GOOD RESERVED SEAT ON THE LOWER FLOOR FOR 50c.
MATINEES— and 50c-NO HIGHER.
Seats Now Ready Box-office Open To-day for Sale of Seat!.
EXTRA I Messrs. AL HAYMAN A CO. Announce the Appearance at the Baldwin
—, "r%rrr" - I Theater FOR ONE WKi.K ONLY, _ -
BALDWIN Beginning Monday, J\in«=» S3, of
iPT^ R JOHN DREW
BsgMj~sS And His American Company. Management Charles iroliman,
WES* '•I Presenting His Latent an 1 Most Bril)i«nt SuCCeM,
j* M "THE SQUIRE OF DAMES
jZC^ < %foJ' By R. C. Carton, Author of "Liberty Hall." "
"o&fs±JUifa^. Direct from Engagements of Seven tonsecntive Months in JNew YorK iv"»
ZX&^iWti ZS?£P .Season. Sir. Drew's Company Includes: - - «rt
M,l||f Maud Adams. Annie Iris-.. Arthur Byron. Harry "»™" ocI '
*s&%^fi||^P{ Gladys Wallis, Ethel B:irryinore. , Le« 7 ' »T n '
***®9&a^Wfa Leslie Allen. Annie Adams. Virginia Buchanan.
y Herbert Ayling. Frank Lamb, Henderson, l,t< . mc.
/l^ Rj\ HICDLAfIOtR.<jOTTLOD«o > - Lt5«3ArtDnAiiA4WJ-" ,
/^^ THIRD WEEK.
/ AIND IHE CLIMAX
75S^ i-^J^M 0F TH£ ' n ALL.
4&L iVp^ffif COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 15,
l * I/Mj IT ■ EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
<nP!llS^^X A MATINK.O SATURDAY. . .
.^M^^^^fes^ CHARITY
' \\aHw) / I s-'''yM^' stilr^ The great New York Lyceum '1 heater success.by
/ I ff'yyy/Ca%%?%&^ San Francisco ' 8 "Home organization.'
.Mmf*r the frawley compmy.
f^^ THE ONLY PERFECT DRAMATIC
I ■•'■-.•I.: ORGANIZATION IN AMERICA.
THE CAST.
John Van Buren, rector of St. Mildred's '. MR. FRANK WORTHING
Dick Van Buren, firm of Van Buren & Creighton, Wall street, known on
ihe street as ■•The Earthquake" -. MR. T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Judge Peter Gurney Knox, left over from the past era, unable to catch up
with the present ; MR. HARRY CORSON CLARKE
Franklin Cruder, the kin? of Wall street Mil. MACKLYN ARBUCKLK
Mr. Creighton, junior partner of Van Buren <t Creighton MR. GEORGE BOSWOIiTH
Alec Robinson, ambitious to be dubbed on Change, "Alexander the Great". GEORGE LESLI E
Mr. Belts, the organist of St. Millard's MR. WILSON EN U-l
Paxton, confidential clerk of Van Buren & Creighton MR. FRANK THOMPSON
Cain, -a thing in shreds and patches" LITTLE MILDRED
Jasper, a servant THOMAS PHILLIPS
Ann Cruger, a New York pirl MISS IIAXIME ELLIOTT
Phyllis Lee. in love with Dick MISS BLANCHE L. BATES
Bess Van Buren, tired of dolls." ready for beaus Miss HOPE ROSS
Mrs. (ami. lade Peyser, who dabbles In stocks. MISS MADGE CARR COOK
Mrs. Van Buren, the rector's mother Miss PHOHA Me A LUSTER.
Sophie, maid at :he. rectory MISS GERTRUDE BtRKELKY
NEW A.ND MAQNIFIOENT SCENERY.
SCENIC SYNOPSIS.
ACT The Sitting-room at the Rectory. Christmas day, 1887.
ACT ll— At the Metropolitan Opera-house. Evening of the Charity Ball (two weeks later).
ACT lll— The Study at the Rectory: -In the Watches of the Nicht" (two hours later).
ACT IV.— The sitting-room. Morning of Memorial day, 18*49 (eighteen months later).
Elegant Costumes by Redfern, Mosk,owski and Worth.
OUR, RBQULiAR POPULAR PRICES.
JUNE 33.... "LORD IHIMLEY,"
San Frandsfo, £js ti Us Angeles,
Established 1886. Established 1894.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
GUSTAV WALTER, Director General.
X3\7"0013L OommexLoing Monday, Juno IS, '86.
NOTABLE ADDITIONS TO OUR STRONG ATTRACTIONS
. DIRECT FROM EUROPE-THE CELEBRATED
MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY!
SIX I2XT JXrXJ3VEDBDE33?L SIX.
The World's Greatest Gymnastic Acrobats That Ever Appeared in Tnis City.
LAWRENCE AND HARRINGTON,
The Bowery spielers. :', .-'
"^RBETt=^OURTNEY~IRQHTr^
A Reproduction of the Actual Fight by the Wonderful
jf V-I-T-A-S-C-O-P-E I *
NEW SUBJECTS, including the Famous WAVE SCENE.
—LAST -\7VJJ2JE2JES: OJS*
Bewildering DA DINIT A I Beautiful and New-
New Dances, rnrlll 1 /"\ ■ Electric Light Effects
28— HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS 2B
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JUNE 14.
; ■ Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children, 100, any part. . '~'<
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER iIOROSCO.... ' V^^^^!^^^^ Sole Lessee ana M.^
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 15,
Elaborate Production of W. J. Thompson's Famous Comedy- Drama,
"NEW YORK DAY BY DAY!"
•'Happiness and love in true hearts,
Whe her the storm rages or the good ship rides in bay
And virtue its own reward will ever find
In New YorK day by day."
Roars of Laughter! Songs! Specialties! Dances! Sensation! Harlem
Bridge by Night ! The Perilous Dive ! ™
COME -A.JXTX> 33:E3 EKTTEIITA.IN-ED.
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
SUTRO_BATHS. THE CHUTES.
Grand Aquatic^and^hletie Exhibition ! Open «, o _ Day Fromlo A M to „ p. M .
Tub and Float Racing. Australian TOM THUMB, ' ~~~"
the Famous Water Clown, Saturday and Sun- PERILOUS PARAPHUTP iitmd
day Afternoon and Kvening. Jane 13 and 14. :• .-^i L ' • ' «"«nM^n U 1 fc. JUMP
Grand Electric Display Every Evening. '&s£*& ' A T 4-:3O
GKNEIIAL ADMISSION- HHSEARPMI IPilt Acnc«ci «
Adults. lOc Children, sc. ■« &fcAR LIGHT ASCENSION
— — " — — t : ..... __ 'Bay :■ AT 9:80 IN THE KVENING,
SUTRO PLEASURE GROUNDS '^Wj''- GEOR~ By
SINDAY AFTERNOON JfiNE 14 *ttt^ The Intrepid Aeronaut.
Daring Tight-rope Walk by PROFESSOR -
From the FirthVhLr^NeV^enlc Railway. A4^ BBion -^^ko-~ ( v : n d'rKsc. ( ' nClUdinf *THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THE MARKETS t
Silver a fraction higher.
Bank Clearings lose &.HJ . :
Wheat and Barley unchanged.
Oats still higher.
Rye and Corn very dull.
Hay firm. Feedstuifs unchanged.
Beans neglected.
Old i otatoes higher.
Onions still demoralized.
Butter anil Eggs firm. Che weak.
String Beans lower.
Poultry cheap end in good supply.
Dried Apricots held high.
Cherries somewha higher.
O: her Fruits sell well.
Fresh Limes arr yea. v
Hams and Lard lower.
Fair demand for new Honey.
— .
NEW MONEY.
The coinage of all the United Slates Mints dur
ing the first 1 1 months of the fiscal year of 1895-96
was $66,573,639. of whicn $56,407,273 was gold
and $10,166,366 silver and base metal. The coin
age in i detail was as follows: Double Eagles, $49,
-561,060; Eagles, $4,094,840: Half Eagles, $2,721 -
Quarter Ka les . $;!.■» .833: Standard Dollars,
$6,250,697: Half Dollars, $1,883,607: Quarter
Hollars. $1,296,674; Dimes, $79,070; Five Cents
$2b5,992; Cents. $390,426. •
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of aqricui/
ti'be. W FATHER Bukkau, Sax Khancibco, JUBC
13, 1896, 5 r. m.— Weather couditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.90, last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Oblspo 17.70, last season 26.04; Los Angeles 9.35,
last season 16.10; San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20: Yumft .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka «}. Red Bluff 94, San Francisco 63,
Fresno 102, San Luis Obißpo 80, Los Angeles 98,
San Dieto 88, Yunia 112.
Baa Francisco data— Maxim urn temperature 63,
minimum 47, mean 55.
A v area of high pressure overlies the northern
half of the Pacific Slope, and is apparently moving
inland along the frontier. The pressure is low, but
not abnormally so over Nevada, Utah and Ari
zona.
The temperature has remained about stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Maximum temperatures exceeding 110
<lejr. are reported in Arizona. The weather has
also continued warm in Nevada and in the valley
regions of California. In the San Joatjuin Valley
the temperature Is about 10 deg. above the nor
mal.
The weather has been fair over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, with the excep
tion of Eastern Montana. Conditions are favor
able for fair weather Sunday and Sunday night,
with continued high temperatures over the greater
portion of the Pacific states.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, Jane 14, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; continued
high temperatures in the valleys; fresh northwest
erly wind
Soutl»erri California— Fair Sunday; fresh north
westerly winds. • •••'-.:•■
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair Sunday; con
tinned high temperatures.
j San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday; con
tinued warm weather: fresh north westerly winds.
ANDKK Q. MCA'DIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 13.— The belief
that the currency plank of the sound currency
strengthened the market for stocks again to-day,
and in the last hour of business prices were gener
ally at the best of the week. London houses were
buyers of securities with an international market
and local bear traders who were carried away by
the sensational rumors current last Wednesday
were steady - purchases of the leading i. sues for
the purpose of c osing their contracts Tne re
newal of London buying, however, is the most im
portant, as it has a direct bearing on the gold
movement. The purchasers are having a depress
ing effect on sterling exchange and actual sales at
the close showed a material react-on from the high
figures ruling early in the week. Manhattan and
sugar were weak at the start. but later improved
in the general lit.
Maninuta.i was sold by weak holders, who were
disappointed at the delay in granting extension
privileges by the rapid transit commission, while
Sugar was influenced by the further break in raws
abroad. The gain in prices was equa. to V.-S
-per cent, and was nips, pronounced in »Mannaitan,
Jersey Central, Luuisviile and Nashville and the
Grangers. Specula ion closed strong, with an ad
vancing tendency. Net changes show gains of Vi
fiili * per cent. Total sales were 71.978 snares, In
cluding lO.aOO Sugar. S2OO St. I'aul, 6SUO Reading
and 56i O Louisville and -Nashville.
Bonds were higher; the sales footed up $600,
-000. Richmond and Ailegbany second consol
idated fours advanced 1 to 85; Oregon Short Line
consolidated rives certificates. Ito t!5i ■_: Heading I
first preferred, 13/ 8 o '.'is-, do -econd, 1 to 151/4 ; do
third, 1 to 13i<<>: Man Antonio and Aransas Pass
fours. 1-; cf,7; lexas Pacific firsts, % to 85"/ 8 ;
do seconds, 54 to - « and Wisconsin Central rives
certificates, : li to 54%.
rain.
FLOUR — Quiet, easy, unchanged. Southern
flour dull, easy, unchanged. Rye flour quiet, easy,
$2 40@. 80.
toi..i MEAL— DuII, easy, unchanged.
RYE— Quiet, unchanged.
BAHLKY- Unchanged.
BARLEY MALl— Unchanged.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, easier with options:
f. o. b.. 71% c; ungraded red, 62Va c ; No. 1 Norm
em, 67 1 gc.
Optiou. were dull and closed weak at V»@lVhC
decline on weaker cables, foreign selling, lower
West and local realizing. July and September
most active. >o. a red June. 63V_c: July, 633/ _-:
August, 62VgC: September, 63c; ijt-cemner, 64^4C.
CORN— spot dull, firm; No. 2, 83W<833y_u tie .
vator, 34i ? 4@34Vac afloat.
Options w re dull and steady at Vs@i.4c decline
with the West, longs realizing ana cables un
changed to 14c down. September most active.
June. 83s/gc: July, 33% c; August, 34V 2 c; Sep
tember, 34% c.
OATS— Spot dull, steady.
Options dull, easy. June, 22c; July, 22* g':.
Spot prices: No. 2, 22V.<": No. 2 white. 24y_c;
No. 2 Chicago. 23c; No. 3, .21c: No. 3 white,
23^c; mixed Western. 23c@21c: white Western
and white >tate, -ft® -Bc.
FEED BRAN— Unchanged, 55(360a
MlDDLlNOW— Unchanged, 60@«5c
RYE— Unchanged: feeu.oOc.
i rovisloim.
BEEF— Quiet, steady: family $8 60@9: extra
megs $6@7. Beef hams dull, nominal $14 50.
Tiero-d beef quiet, firm: city extra India mess
$U@l3; cut meats dull, steady: pickled bellies, 12
pounds, 4@4V 8 c: pickled shoulders, 4V_@4V_c;
pickled hams 9Vi@9%4-
LARD— Quiet; v\ es:ernjsteatu, $4 45; city 4@
4 05: July closed $4 45. Refined dull: Continent.
$4 65: South American, ss 10; compound 4@V*c.
PORK-Steady; old mess, $8 52__« 60: new
mess, $8 76@9. , _ ■■
BUTTER — Easy; State dairy. 10016 c; do
creamery. Il<aisc: Western dairy, fcfflllVbe: do
creamery, ll@lsy_c: do factory, 8@llc; i-lglns,
15@15V»c: imitation creamery, lo@l2c.
CHEESE— Quiet, fancy firm: State large, 6%@
6»4c; do small, 6@7c; part skims, 2@4y 2 c; mil
skims. 1 V 2 (^2c.
EGGS— Quiet, Bteadv: State and Pennsylvania.
l_r_,l2V_c: Western fresh, liy_@l2c: do per case,
$1 50@3.
TALLOW- Quiet: city. 3V4c: country, B*4c
COTTONSEED OIL — Dull: crude, 20@20y»c:
yellow prime. 24%@25c; do off grades, 2.54@25c.
RESIN— DuII, steady; strained, common to
good, $1 70@l 721/3.
TURPENTINE— Qoiet, steady; 2_y_-@26c
POT AIDES — Quiet, steady, good demand;
Southern, 75c@*3 50.
2 RICE— DoII; Domestic, fair to extra, B<as»4c.
MOLASSES— -teady; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27«37c.
COirFEE— Quiet: 6 points up to 5 points down;
AukuU, »11: September. $10 65; October, $10 30;
December, $10 05: February $9 95. tpot Rio,
dull, steady; No. 7. 13y_c.
SUGAR— Haw, dull, steady; fair refining,
3 6-16 c; centrifugals, 96 t. st, 3 13-16 C. Refined,
quiet, unchanged; oft A, 4 7-16©45/ 8 c: mold A,
&V_c: standard A, 60; confectioners' A, 47/ c; cat
loaf, 8 c; crushed. 53/ 8 c; powdered, 5 5-16 c;
granulated, 6c; cubes, &i/j.c.
Fruit and Produce.
A PS— None.
APRICOTS— Bags. Bi/j®loc: Moor parks, 12c.
J'tACHEb— Peeled, %i Ib, 12@13c; do unpeelea.
5y 2 (28c. , . .v:; V"' i'; .■'
PRCNES— Four sites, nominal, ftc.
RAISINS— Two-crown,. »Vi®3"!4c: do three
crowu, 4@4y c: do lour-crowu, do London
layers, 90c@* 1. * ' _ __
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, Z-v^@Bc:
WOOL— 'steady 2 ; domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
WOOL— Steady: domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
25@33c: Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON — Moderate; active; American,
COPPER— lake. $11 50@ia.
LEAD— FIat; domestic. $3.
TIN-Fiat: straits. »la 40@13 50.
PLATES— Quieu
bPELTtR-Dnll: domestic »4 05@410.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.t_. June 13.— Business was com
paratively quiet In the wheat market to-day, tr.e
only noticeable trading being by commission
houses, supposed to be acting for Northwestern
Interests. These houses were buying the July and
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHE6LOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE
6.3 MarKet SU. p Pa.ace H^g^TjLK- BSH
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist N«Jt»onal Bank, «*•*".„
CHICAGO. FiaVATJ-Wlliii. MtW YOBK.
selling the September. The market bad p»rtlv re
covered from the nervousness of the preceding two
day and operations, though light, were attended
with more confidence. The tone was gen.-rally an
easy one, crop news was encouraging, cables were
lower and receipts in the Northwest heavy at 499
cars against 477 last Saturday and 233 a year ago.
Export clearances from both coasts for the week
were fair at 2,292,000 bushels. Argentine shipped
..'Ib.OOO bushels In the same period. Chicago re
ceived fifteen cars this morning and inspected
out 26.000 bushels. Atlantic seaboard shipments
aggregated 630, 6 J7 bushels, incluJ ing wheat and
flour. Closing continental cables were generally
lower. July wheat opened from 67yac to 673/ c,
declined to 563,4 c, closing at 67c, V2C under yester
day. Estimate, receipts for Monday twenty-two
cars.
CORN— Dullness and Inactivity were the feat
ures of the corn market. Fluctuations, by their
narrowness, gave evidence of the small trade.
The tone was firm or easy as the wheat market
strengthened or weakened. Receipts were large
at 469 cars, and 90,400 bushels were taken from
store. Shipments of corn from Argentine last
week were 8.4,000 bushels. Liverpool cables
were quiet and steady. - Export Clearances
amounted to 273,633 bushels. September corn
opened at 28 '/fee. sold at _8%(&287' B e, closing at
-ST-'gc, a shade under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for Monday 500 cars.
OATs— Were in a state of quiet and Indifference.
Trading did not present any new features, the few
transaction* being of onH- local interest. The lone
' f the market was determined by the feeling of the
other grains. Receipts were 276 cars, and 13.9
bushels were taken from store. Export clear
ances amounted to 2.3,262 bushel*. July oa s
closed i/8 c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for Monday 350 cars
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 81c; July, 81c; Sep
tember. 82y«c. Receipts were 16 cars.
PROVISIONS— first direction of product
was downward, a lower hog market conveying an
easy tone, but the demand proved greater than the
offerings, and a moderate rally ensued. Nothing
remarkable 111 the trading was noted. July pork
closed a shade higher than yesterday. July lard
unchanged, and July ribs a shade higher.
BUTTER— Was only fairly active and barely
steady to-day, Supplies were liberal, and the
demand indifferent. Creameries— Extras, 14V_c;
firsts, 13 @ 1 4c: seconds. )o@l'-'c; imitations,
fancy, 12c. Dairies— Extras, i2c; firsts, lie;
seconds, 9c. Ladles— Extras. lU@loV_c; firsts,
8y 3 ra9c; packing stock, he; roll, 6«s7c.
htiGs— Offerings moderate; demand fair. Fresh
stock sold at 9c $4 dozen.
MONEY— Was 6{5.% on call and 6% on
time loans. New . oric exchange sold at 70c
premium. r*. ■-'-..; - '.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT— June. 563,4 c: July, 57c; eeptember,
57% c.
ToRN-June 27V_@27y_c; July. 27%@27%c;
September, 28 % c.
ATS— inly. 178/gc; September, 17'/ c; May,
20y_ft.205/ c.
luivK-july, $7 171/2 : September, $7 35.
LARD-July, $4 17y ; September, *4 32Vfe-
ÜBS—J uly, *3 87y_; Septemoer, $4 o_V_
' Livestock. "
UNION STOCKYARDS, Il_, June 13.— The
few cattle on sale to day were disposed of at
steady prices. The arrivals of hogs were light,
but the demand was very slow, and prices
averaged 6c lower. The sheep market was quiet
and steady. '
CATTLE — Receints. 200. Fancy beeves
$4 35@4 46: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 00(d.l SO: good to choice steers. 120U
to 1600 pounds, $3 80. a.:: 95: medium steers, 1000
to 600 pounds, $3 65&3 75: common to lair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 40&.3 bO: leeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. SJ4U{&3 85: common to choice
stockers. $2 85@3 40: Dulls, cnuice 10 extra. $2 80
(a.3 25; cows and heifers, extra, $3 60@4 00; cows,
lair to choice. $2 HOW.i 50: cows, common to fair
canners'. $1 _s(ar. 25: calves, common to good $3<s
4 60; Texas fed steers. S3 10&3 85 : Texas grass
steers, $2 45@4; Texas cows and bulls, S2ti»
3; milkers ana springers, per head, $_o(_}-&;
common to choice s ockers. *2 .5(3)3 46: bulls,
choice to extra, $2 80(^3 00; bulls, poor to cnoice,
«_ 00t.,2 75; calves, good to choice, $4 75(<56 .5.
UUUi9- Receipts, I'i.OOO. Heavy packlne ana
shipping lots, $3 05(a._ 50: common to choice
mixed. »3fai3 1 /.: choice assorted. $3 iOi&'S 45:
light, $3 10@3 4.; pigs, *_ 60(g»a 45.
btik.k.r— neceipis. 200U interior to cnoice,
S2(ti4: iMii.-, $_*_ 23.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
j ■
CHICAGO, lix., June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California irult, in the Union Auction
to-day at the following prices: Cherries— Royal
I Anne. SI 45@1 50 per box; Black Tartarian, $1 05
<a.\ 60; Centennial, $1 25: Black Bigureau, $1 05
I&1 .6; Governor Wood, $1 10; Pontiac, $1 lv.
Porter Bros; Company sold to-day in Union
Auction-rooms California fruit as follows: Plums—
Clym .ns, $1 70@l 80; St. Catherines, SI 40@l 60;
Cherry, $1 15. cherries— Royal Annes, 1 75;
assort' (1, $1 6>; Tartarlans, $1 15(^,1 35: Biga
reaus. $125; Governor Woods, 75c($$l _5; Cen
tennials and Republicans, $105. Peaches—Alex
anders, $1 15@1 45. Apricots-Royals, $1 10©
1 25: Newcastle, $1 05.
.NEW YORK, N. V., June 13.— Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc- I
tion to-day at the following prices: Cherries— ,
Royal Anne, $1 16®. 10 per box; Black Tartar
ian, 70c@*l 70; Ceutennla , $1 15@ll -5: Rock
port, * I (*1 85; Governor Wood, $105@125;
Black Blgareau, 75c@$l 20. "
Porter Bros, Company sold to-day in ■ Union,
Auction-room California fruit as follows: Cherries
—Assorted. $105($-70; Ro.al Annes, $2; Tar
tarians, $I@l 65; Governor Woods, $1 lv; BiEa
reaus, 95c@l 10; Ruck ports and Eagles. $105.
' Apricots— Royals. $1 25@2 40; Seeulings, 95c@
$1 30. Prunes— Tragedy, $2. Plums— Clymans,
$1 20@2 25; Cherry, 90c
XEW JOliR STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Kailroad
Shares.
Money on Call is 1@2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4 V_@s%. Bar silver, 685.5e. Mexican dollars,
635 /B e. Sterling Exchange Is easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87y_@4 _7V_ for
sixty days and S4 88y_ for demand. Posted rates,
$4 88V_@* 89V2- Commercial bills, $4 86@4 8654.
Government bunds steady : state bonds dull; rail
road bonds higher. Exchanges, (9., 136,593; ha -
antes, $6,822,234. The sub-treasury was $425,213
debtor at the clearing-house. ,
CLOSING stocks.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 (Norfolk & Westrn. 4
Atchlson 16y 8 Preferred. •. 10
Preferred '*'& Northern Pacific... 4%
Adams Express... .l 42 Preferred 14%
Alton, Terre Haute 06y_ Northwestern. 102%
American Expresslll 1 Preferred — . 147
American Tobacco. 65y_ N. Y. Central 96
Preferred 97 IN. Y. .Chicago* -.L. 13
BayStateGas 27V_' Ist preferred 70
Baltimore Ohio.. 17 3 *; '/d preferred 3iy_
Brunswick Lands.. Y.&N. H 17y 2
buffalo, Roch &P. 38VaN. Y. & New Eng. 4Uy_
Canada Pacific 6^ N. V.. Snsq & W... C
Canada southern.. 49%' Preferred 2:iy a
Canton Land 60 7 >ntario :...;... 12
Central Pacific 16% < ntario <fc Western 14"*
Ches.&Ohio 16% Oregon Improvmut V.
Chicago Alton. 155 | Prefenvd
Preferred 570 Oregon Navigation 14
1 Chicago, B. & Q / g'Ore^on Short Line. 5
i Chicago <tE. 111... 41 'Pacific Mall 25i/ 4
Preferred 99 Peoria, V.& Evans l*/
I Chicago Gas 68 Pittsburg &W. pfd 15
Cleve<& Pltubnrg..l63 Pullman Palace.... 166
1 Consolidation Coal. 32 .Quicksilver. iy_
Consolidated Ga5.. 156 | Preferred 14
C. C. C. & St. Louis 338/. Reading 9*4
Preferred. 8- RioGrande&Westn 15
COlo. Fuel iron.. 261/4] Preferred 40
Preferred ....100 Rock Island 706/
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome WatAOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 1 50 St. L. & S. W 48/s
1 Del. Hudson 12<ty a ! • Preferred 10V_
Del.LackdtWestrn.l6o -St. Paul 7"S/ 8
Denver R. I3y a ; Preferred. ia7y_
Preferred. 48>/iSt. Paul & Duluth. 22 -
Distillers 16 1 Preierred 85
General Electric... 32 St. Paul & Omaha. 41 3 4
Erie. 14% Preferred 12*V 2
Preferred 34V_SUP. M. &M 112
Fort'Wayne.. 163 'sliver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfdllß Southern Pacific... 18%
Green Bay Va Soutnern R. It 9Vs
Hurlem 295 I Preferred 28y 2
Hocking Coal IV. Sugar Refinery ....123y
Hocking Valley.... 16 Preferred 103 V.
Homestake. 16V4 Term. Coal & Iron. 23%
H. & Texas Cent... 33 ■ 1 Preferred 90
Illinois Central Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central «yßlTol.A.A.<te N.Mich.
Preferred S3y a |Tol. & Ohio Cent... 80
Kansas & Texas... 11W Preferred. 70
Preferred 246^Tol.St.Louis<ft K.C. 6
Kingston die Pern... 8 I Preferred..... 5
Lake Erie *. Westn 19 Union Pacific 7V_
Preferred. 70V_'u. P. Den & Gulf.. 2%
Lake Shore 152 v. S. Cordage 6ty
National Lead 24V.' Preferred 10*4
Preferred 88 1 Guaranteed 201/4
Long Island 76 U. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 60% U. a Leather 814
Louisville Na&ch 8% Preferred 13yg
Preferred 20 V a Rubber. _9i/_
Manhattan Consol. lo3 Preferred BUI/4
Memphis & Chans. 16 Utica* B. River.. 150
Mexican Central.... 8% Wab. t.. L. & Pac. 6%
Mlchlga • Central.. 95 Preferred l" 6 /8
Minn* a L...;.... Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred Western Union... 1 85%
Minn St. L com. 17V_ Wisconsin Central. ' lyi
Ist preferred , Wheeling *L. E.. 10
2dpreferred 47 Preferred 33
Missouri l-acifte. . . . 22%|Am Cotton Oil pfd. 54%
Mobile 0hi0..... 21V_'W. U. Beef... 8
Nashville <fc Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor ■ 9
National Linseed.. 17 I Preferred.. 22
N. J. Central 105% Brooklyn Traction. 238/
North American... 5S/ 8 Krie 2d pfd.... 20
CLOSING BONDS.
v:s 4s, registered.. 108V. iM X T 2ds 58
Do coupon.... | Do 4s 83V_
U S4snew,regstr_ll«>B/BMutu_l Union 65. ..114
Do is, coupon .llhS/ 8 .\ J Cent Gen &5...118 V.
Do 2s -. Northern Puc lsts. 116%
D055.............11HV_! Do2ds H4i/ 4
1 06s, coupon..;. 11314 D0Hd5.... ........ 71
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 ,Northwest Consols.l ß7
Do 1897 10 » I Do deb 55... 1091/ 8
Do 1898 10 1 OR & N 15t5.......112V_
Do 1899...... ...100 BtL&lronMtQenss 78
Pacific Is of '95.... St L * 8 F Gen 65.11.
DC 3-65s 109V4St Paul Consols....
A)aClassA4s 105 St PCA Pa . .118 ,
DO Class B 4, 65.. 106 Do Pac Cal lsts.. llo
LaConsoi 99 Southern R R 55... 92%
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsts. Ss§/ 8
N Carolina con Bs.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 29y 8
Do4s ...102 Union Pao lsts '96.lo3V.
So Carolina 4V_s. . . 106 West Shore 4s. I.6 Va
Term new 3s .... 84 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 67 •
Vaf undine debt... 69 R Grande West 1 sis 76
Do registered Ches 4 Onlo 65. ...106%
Do deferred 65... o Atchlson 45........ 781 i,
Do trust rep's st. *% Do.dsA... 4iy
CaVadaSouin2d ..lo4V.GH4 8 A 6s .. ..105
Ce.i Pac 1 sts of '95.103y 8 Do 2d 75.......... 99
lien* BO Jsi 111% H * Tex Cent 6s. .109
Dots. ......... 81 Doconßs. 100
Krleads.V. .64% Reading 4s 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 70V_ Missouri 6s 100 •
Ks Pa Den dlvlll |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1890.
lOREIOi MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ks« . June 13.— The spot market
is quiet at 6s sd@ss 6d. Cargoes quiet at 2&s 10^|d,
arrive-.
:,; .'/"t^ V:' FCTCEEB.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for iSo. 2 Red Winter: Jnne,
4s llVid; July, 4s liy.d; August, isliyid; Sep
tember, 4s HV_d; October, 4s lli/_a.
SECUBITIKS.
LONDON, Ens.. June 13.-Consols, 113 V.;
silver, 3is/»d; French Rentes. lOlf 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88 1/4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89^<r
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12i/_
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine silver, ■=_* ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars..,. 64% .65
BANK (Li: AlilNti.s.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,812,483,
■gainst $14,011,316 for the same week in 1895,
a loss of 9. 3^.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Brodick Castle takes for Cape
Town 45.619 ctls, valued at $?6,898.
The market Is dull at the familiar quotations.
No. 1, 97^c@$l *ctl: choice, $i 01V4@l 02^;
lower gradei<. 92 Va@95c; extra choice for milling,
$1 05@l 15 ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
1200 tons, 97V^c; 9t>o, 97*/ 8 c; 1100. 97% c; 100,
87 3 /ia seller '96, new, storage paid— loo, 94 % c.
Regx-lar Morning sebsion- December— 6oo
tons, 97V!»c; 1700, 97% -
BARLr.Y-Sbipmeni of 6712 ctls Chevalier,
valued at $6376, lo Cape Town.
Prices show no further change, though the mar
ket is weak and quiet. Feed, 70(a>71 1 /ic $ ctl;
choice, 7ji /2 @73%C; Brewing, 75<&80c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 6oo
tons, 70c.
BKut-LAB Mobninq Skssion— December— 3oo
tons, 69" /s c; 100, 70c.
OATH— Prices continue to advance, there being a
good demand for the choice qualities. Milling are
quotable at 87V a teyoc: fancy Feeil,9o@92V»c; K°od
to choice, B".i yy a (ft9O ; com mon to fair, 1 7 Va(3182 yy a c ;
(iray, 80@H5c; surprise, 95c(gj$l O'Ji/ a V en.
CORN— Continues dull. Large Yellow, 87 : ,<z@
90c; Small Round ao, 97y a c; White, 80(g,b5c f» ctl.
RVE-75®76Vic %% ctrt*.
BUCKW iiKA'I — 86@90c f, Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 * bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75(0.3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $'iO 60@21 'f. ton.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23-ic: Rye Flour, 31/4 C; Rice Flour, 7V a c; Corn
meal, 2*/4@3c; extra cream do, 3i/ 2 c; Oatmeal,
33^c: Oat Groats, 4i^c; Hominy, 4(a4ioc: Buck
wheat Flonr, 4c; Cracked \V heat, li^/tc ; Farina,
4VaC; WholeWheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 41,4 c;
Pearl Barley, 4y 2 c; Split Pea 3, 4%c; Green do,
si*c fl Ib.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN— sls@l6 fl ton.
MIDDI.INi'S-sl7@lß f» ton for lower «rades
and $18 50®19 50 ~& ton for the best.
FEEDSTLFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $20 per ton; jubbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcaue. $21 %* ton.
Ha V— Receipts continue light and the market is
in good shape. New Wheat is quotable at $8(a)
10 60: New Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50; new-
Oat, $7@B * ton; new Barley, $6 50(aJ7 50 "e>
to ; second cutting of Alfalfa, $t> (A b 50.
<>:d Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $8@
11 50 %i ton: Oat, $7@9; Wheat and Oat. $8<&1 1 ;
Barley. $7<<6B 50 * ton; Clover, $6@7 50 %4 ton;
Compressed Oat. $6 50<a8: Compresaed Wheat, $7
(gilO 50; $u@7 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@4Oc $ bale.
BEAN* AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are ouotabte at 90c@$l f* ctl:
Small Whites, $1 25@1 35 f) ctl: Pea, $1 20®
1 30; Large Whites, 90c@fl; Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
$1 25; Blackeye, $1 75: Red Kidney, nominal:
Limas. $a 6O(a/2 70: Butters, $1 40@i 60 for small
and $1 25® 1 50 for large.
SEEDS— Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard,*! SOf&'i 25:'rrieste.$2@2 fO: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: rlax. $1 70(0)1 80; Canary, 234c
■ Ib; Allaifa, 7y a @»9i /a fl Ib: R*pe, 2y 2 c*'ft>;
Hemp, 3V2C V- Ib.
DKIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 f! ctl for Niles and
$1 'Juia.l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId have again advanced. New
) otatoes, in sacks, are quotable at 85c@$l % ctl;
new Early Rose In boxes from the River,
90c@l 15 V ctl: new Burbunk Seedlings. $I@l 25;
Oregon i urbanks, 65c@$l: Early Kose. 6s@7sc:
Pt-tuluma and Tomales, 65©80 cf> ctl; llumboldt
Burbanks. 75@9O<' '? ctl.
ONIONS— Quoted at 25@30c $ sack.
VEGETABLKS— Arrivals were 488 boxes As
paragus, 86 boxes Rhubarb ami 283 sacks Peas.
Beans decline i again. Tomatoes advanced.
Green Corn, $1 25f4l 50 %* sac for Stockton;
Summer Squash. *l(nl 25 f> box for i ay and 601$
65c "f, box in small foxes; Egg Plant, 10c %(
Ib; Tomatoes, $1 60@2 9 box: Cucumbers, 40
@90c t* dozen: Asparagus, 60c@$l "jA box for
ordinary and $1 25@2 lor extra; Rhubarb, 35
@76c % box: Dried Peppers, B@I2V2C: Green
Peppers, 15c i! lb: Green Peas, 60C0u75c I*. anck for
commt 11 and 2^»2Vi" ¥ lb for Garden: String iieans,
2a *c ft Ib: Horse Deans. 40@5Uc %» sack: Dried
Okra, 12VaCi Cabbage, 46@&0c fictl; Garlic, 2@
3c «i lt>. .
BUTTER, < HKKSK AXI> EGOS.
BUTTER— Is firm at the advance.
Cbeameey— Fancy, 16c: specials higher; sec
onds. 13V2tel4y s C V Ib.
Dairy— Fancy. 13y a c; good to choice, 12y 2 @
18c; lower grades, 1 lead 2c
CHEESE — Fancy mild new is quotable at
GV2 C '?■ lb : common to good, 6(^6c: Cream L'hed
dar. 9c: Young America, 7@Bc %) Ib; Western, 10
@llc; Eastern, 12@12y«c.
EGOS— No further change. Ranch are firm.
Oregon legs, H ' a c; Eastern Eggs, lU@l2c >*
dor.: store i-.ggs, IKa-l'.'c: ranch Eggs, 13@16c;
Duck Eggs, 13@14c 'i>. doz.
POULTRY ANU GAME.
POULTRY— Stocks continue liberal and quota
tions are weak.
Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gobblers, 9@llc for
Hens: Geese, ¥ pair, 76c@$l 25: Duck-*, $M@4
for old and $4@5 for . oung; Hens, $3 5' 04
4 50: Roosters, >ountr, $6 (as 7: do, o.d. $4(^
4 25: Fryers. $4 So6us: Broilers, $&&4 for large and
*2(tt2 50 for mi, ail. Pigeons, $1 25(g,l 50 p, doz
for young »na oid.
u.iilh- .Norn nul.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
190S boxes, selling at 80c(g,$l 10 %« box for Black,
and 85(@$1 10 for Rovai Anne. Cherries in bulk,
B@9e for iilack and B(a)9c for Ro\ hI Anne.
Peaches. 41)@75c "f, box. and 75fttl Ac yft basket.
Plums, 76c>a$l . 5 V crate and 5(%75c "fi box.
Cherry P urn». DO®oOc f. box
Ked Apples. 50f»75c box and 30@50c a bas
ket and $1 26 %> large box: Green Apples, 40@b0c
f* box 1 small and Slfel 25 in large boxes and 25
tolOc V basket.
Green Pears, 25(»50c f» box and 25@35c bas
ket.
Apricots, 40® 7 5c '-p box and basket.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 340
chests, selling at $8(al() %4 chest for Longworths
and $5@7 for large berries.
Gooseberries, 2<a}3ygc V Ib in bulk for ordinary,
wkb very few coming in.
Raspberries, $B@lo $ chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, $1 25 '^ crate.
Blackberries, "j? chest and $1 50@2 crate.
Currants. $4@5 chest and some fancy goods
bring $ . Mildewed socks ock $8.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Arrival of 600 cases Mexi
can Limes and prices are lower. Stocxs of Oranges
are down pretty low. Oranges quotable at $1 60
f'2 25 ~t box for Seedlings. $3<S4 >* box for
aveis, $1 75@2 50 for Malta Bloods and $1 50tt
2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, *1@
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $5 60{$tf; California Limes, $1 if»
box; hananad, $.(&* %> bunch; Pineapples, $3@S
'f dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Growers are asking 9g9y 8 c $ tb for Apricots,
but buyers refuse to consider such prices- The
local opinion s in the neighborhood of Be.
DRIED FRUITS—
Cabloai> Lots— Apples, iya®2c Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, :@scand6c for fancy; Apricots, tty a (a
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc %t
Ib for fancy Moorpaik; Figs, black, for un
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks; Pears, 7c $Ib
for evaporated halves, 3y*@6c t> Ib for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3Vi<s: Plums, 8y 3 c|» Ib for pitted and
1 1/2 '4 2c for unfitted; Nectarines, .sy a,'4sca ,'4sc *fi Ib for
prime to choice and 6ygc for fancy.
Jobbing Evaporated Apples, 4@4y a c
V Ib: sun-dried, iy»^2c: Peaches. 3V»@sc and 60
for fancy: peeled in boxes, 12y 2 c Ib; Prunes. 8y a
@4c for four sizes, 6c for 40@60's and 4y«c for
sO@6O's: Apricots, 6ya'a9c for prime to choice,
lorall for fancy Mooqiark; Figs, black, SVac;
Whl.e H«s, 3@sc: Pears, 8c $ Ib for evaporated
halves and 4@7y 2 c for quarters; Plums. BV2@4c
for pitted and Kjjil^c forunpitted; Nectarines,
4(36c % lb for prime to choice -
KAISINB AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 38,4 c; 3-crown, loose. 3c; 2-crown,
2y 2 u%*rb; seedless sultanas, 3ys@H%c; needless
Muscatels, 2y»@2S / 3-crown London layers, 70c
%* box: clusters, $1 Ss@l 50; Dehe,a clusters,
»2 10@2 26; Imperial dusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
Grapes, V Ib. - •• « " « .
Jobbing Pbicbs— Four-crown loose, H*/<j@4c; B
crown, 31/4 C V Ib; 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seed.eas sul
tanas, 4c «i Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 8-crown
London layers, 75@90c; ; clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $3 75;
Dried Grapes, . -
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9<3>llc Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c %4 Ib for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7y.-c V Ib for Langue
doc and* B%@loc lor paper-shell, jobbing; .. I'ea
nuts, 5 1 , ■>(&"<• tor Eastern and 4 y 2 (S>6Vbc for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s@6c: Pecans, 60 for rough
and 80 for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
B©lo. t* tb: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 "$ 100. >
HONEY— Fair local demand for new crop at the
prices. The crop Is about 38% of last year's.
Comb is quotable at 10@12c %* Ib for bright ana 8®
9c » Ib for lower grades; water-white extracted,
s@sV_c ? Ib: light amber extracted, 4y_@_%.;
dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.  '•.
BEESWAX-25® 7V_c * Ib. g
PROVISIONS.
Lard and California Hams are lower. Hams are
being freely cut to get trade.
CURED MKATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c f>
Ib for heavy, 7c '$. Ib for light medium, 9c 9 Ib for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c $ to for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Ham-, lie $ Ib: Cali
fornia Hams, 9y«c f, Jb; Mess Beef, $7 60&8:
extra mess do, $8 50(ai9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, *8 50@9; extra clear, $14 %* bbl;
mess, $12 * bbl; Smoked Beef, 100 * Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V_c # Ib
for compound and 6V*c for pure; pails. 2 c;
California tierces, 6c %i Ib for compound . nd 6c lor
pure: half-bbis, 6i/ic; 10 tt> tins, 7c; do 6-tb, 714 c.
COTTOLK.n E— in tierces and 6»4,(§»7V8C
* tb in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers quot
able at 7@7y_ # Ib; culls and brands 6@6V_c:
medium, 6_o6V3c; culls and brands, 5@5VaC: light,
Be- culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides. 6@sV_c: culls
and brands, 4@>V2c: salted Kip, 5c ft Ib; sailed
Calf, 7®Bc: salted veal, 6c; dry Hides, a @llc:
culls and brands, B@BV 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, b@.c;
culls. 7c: dry Calf, l&c; culls, 10c; Uoatskins,
20@35ceach; Kids, Be; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; meaium. 16@25c: winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, -o@lsc each; short wool, 2i@
35c each; meaium. 4U(_)soc each; long wools, 5U@
60c each. Culls of all kind i about Vac less.
TALLOW— .no. 1. rendered, SV_@3%c: No. 2,
3c: refined. 5%@5»/.c; Grease, /2 c V to.
WOO.L— Valley i. regon Is quoted at 9@loVic;
do lower grades. B<_*9V_c tt>; Nevada, 6@9c;
Ban Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4_tsc;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7®Bc- r San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4\<i©6V_c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, B@6J,_c I* lb.
_lOPS-li/ @3c^ Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24V_@2.y_c
COAL— Wellington, $8 $ton; New Wellington,
$8 f, ton: Fouthfield Wellington, $7 50 f! ton;
Seattle, $6Ca»5 60: Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, *7 60; BrymDo. 57 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg*, $11 60; Welsh :
Anthracite, $8: canuel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and P e«s:nt Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $1 14 ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Company
quotes, terms net cash: • übe, (.'rushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, ail 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 c: Magnolia A, 4Uc; Extra
C, 4y c: Golden C, 4%' ; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes V_c more. .
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Blackstrap, 10c
¥ gal.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s@si/ a c; second ao, 4V_@
43,4 c: third do »V2@4c 3* »>•
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6V.@6c: Ewes, sV_c Hi lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6y a c ft Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3c # Ib for large and 3V B <ai
3%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%@sy_c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
■ ~ FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks.... 4.o7o Eggs, doz.. 11,550
Wheat, ctls 4.635 Hides, no 267
Barlej.ctls ... 2,185 t'elts, bd15.. ...... 80
Oats, ct15......... 5 10; Wool, bis ISO
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,461 Wine, gals 47,200
Onions, sks 620 Leather, roils 26
8ran, 5k5......... I,3lo Tallow, c i 5...... 8
Middlings, sks... 53i) Lumber. M teat.. 20
Hay. t0n5......:. .. 285 Chicory, bb15..... 70
Butter, ctls. - 245 Lime, bbls. 81
Cheese, ct15..'....' 23
THE STOCK MARKET
The ' Corns tock* Show Wide Deprecia
• ' tion for the Week.
Mining slocks close! the week fairly steady as
to tone, but at prices below those of the preceding
day. There was considerable trading in -.be
middle stocks after the board, but the other stocks
as a rule were quiet. A glance at the appended
table will show. the marked fall In prices during
the past week.
On the Bund Exchange,' Hutchinson Plantation
declined to $'J4 and Edison to 912034. Giant
Powder rose to $'.'t>Vi-
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has < eclared the usual monthly dividend
of 25c per share, payable on the 25th.
The weekly report from the Con. Ca!. & Va.
says: 1660 level— the ninth floor, first floor
above sill floor of this level, south drift from east
crosscut from drift run soutti from md of slope
has been ext mled '21 feet, pass tig through por
phyry . nd quartz of low assay value.
1750 level— From thirteenth to twenty-first floor
at north end of stopes In old ground of former
working* have extracted during the week 64 tons
of ore, average assay value of. which, per samples
ta en from cars in mine, was $46 28 pi r ton.
From north end of stope on nineteenth, twentieth
ana twenty-first floors on east side of old slope
timbers, there is from two to three feet of ore,
assaying $40 per ton.
• From raise carried up from northwest drift
from main west drift C and C shaft (50 feet above
sill floor of this level) the northwest drift has
■ been adv.. need 25 feet through porphyry and
I quartz, assaying from $2 to $7 per ton. Total
j length, 75 feet.
1600 level— No work has been done on this level
during the week.
1000 level— West crosscut 2 started at point in
north drift 550 feet north from Con. Cal. & Va.
shaft station- has been advanced 25 leet, total
length 390 fe»-t, pasting through porphyry and
clay separ lions and narrow lines of quar. assay
ing 50 cents and $1 per ton.
on Tuesday o! this week gas whs discovered
escaping trom south end of old stopes on tenth
floor above 1750 level. Hnce that time have been
engaged in closing the open square sets oi timbers
or slope with fine rock or clay bu:ichpading aaainst
old stupe where the gas was e-caping. The work-
Ing part of the mine is free from gas now, although
mure work will be necessary to protect openings
before we can resume extraction of ore from north
end of slope, which Is 160 feet from where gas is
escaping.
The total extraction of ore for the week amounted
to 54 tons, average assay value of which, per sam
ples taken from cars when raise! to surface, was
$46 93. .:
Have shipped to Morgan mill 346 tons ore, as
saying per railroad-car samples $47 75 per ton.
Average assay value (per battery samples) of all
ore worked at that mill during the week (240 tdfes)
was $42 72 per too.
i,UAi.. Aiit&Bm
r«!iimiTnr were th>» ****** m ihs San Premiss*
Ptorir Po»r<l vMterdars : j
REtHTI-AB MORNINfI ' SESSION 1 rn\r\f»vcT>M <»:T).
60" Alpha 20 50 Conn ...1.35 550 0cc1i...1.40
300 19 100 C P0int.. . 63 Poios... 1.60
S2OO Jb-'OO 64 100 I.4ft
650 A1ia.... ...2 300 Exchqr...o7 1600 Savae.l 75
90U Andes. ...4o -00 ..».'. 08 200 Scorpion.. 10
360 8&8....1.21 450 U C... 1.30 300 5eg8e1...19
200 .........l.lf 100 HAN... 2.06 250 20
450 Bodle .'6 «00 .. 2.00 100 B Nev....93
400 6 \Va5h....40100 ....94
tiOO Bullion... Hl .10J lixcu.l.uO 40 98
100 8u1wer....3(/ JOO Ophlr... 1.80 100 Union ...97
700Caleda....:hd5O ...... 1.76 200 Utah. .....15
450 Ch01i... .2.60 200 Ovrmn....3H 200 V Jackt..66
400 2.56 100 38 350 65
400 CC&V...2.68 400 , 37 60...... 64
1000 C Imp..
.Following vtn tne sales la tin Paciao Sioojc
itfcra jesterdav:
KKOI'I.AR KWWTOSr — lOti'll
100 Aloha 20200 Cha11ge... 46:200 0cc1d...1.40
600 Alia. 20, 60 H<feN2.s2y a 2OO LA'iy.
100 Ande5. .. .401160 2.57y- 650 Potojl.. 1.40
300 ...41 200 .2.65 600 1.42y«
700 8e1cner... 71400 J.H2i/ 2 8U0 1.45
200 B &151.22V2 Conn.... 1.35 460 1.60
800 ..l.iO 300 Urwn Pt.,.62 200 . 1.47 V,
100 ... ...... 1.16H00 iixcnqr...O7 ; 1.65
400 Bodle 60300 08750 •Javg....1.73
300 Bullion... 300 0AC1.32^, 2100 1.80
100 31 500 1.301500 1.70
100 83200 1.27% !300! 300 1.82y a
700 30 1200 .......1.401100 1.721-i
«008u1wer...35 4SOH«fcN. .2.00v;00 1.86
600 Caled 17;i200 2.15250 1.871,2
100 Ch011r.. 2.55 200 2.1. y 2 150 1.92y 9
850 2.65 200 ....2.20|800 1.90
700 2.62y " 50 2.22y a 500 Scorpion.. 10
700 2.60300 Julia..... 1^760 &8AM....81
1150 2.70200 Justice.. ..10 200 9 5t.... 97
200..... .1.72 V, 600 Kentuck.. o6soo 8 Hill ....04
600..........2.7660J Mexn...l.' 01500 Unin C....96
50 ...... ...2.86 100 1.02^100 95
60 1.95 200 0phr.1.82y a Utah 15
100 .2.80 300 1.80:600... 14
500 CCV....2.60 100 : 1.87y 1 100 V Jacket..6B
250- .2.50 200. .........1.801300 04
360..... .....2.65 500 0vrmn....87 i 6OO 63
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 13—12 k.
Mid. Asked.] ■ Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 18 20 Julia _ 12
A1ta....... 20 21Justice : — 10
Andes. 42 44 Kemuck 05 08
Helcuer 72 74! Lady Wash.... 04 05
Best &Belcherl.2O 1.25 Mexican ].oo 1.05
Benton Con... 20 —M0n0.... .. 06 —
Bodie. 59 —Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 32 34 Occidental ...1.40 1.45
Bnlwer ...... SO (0ph1r... ...... 1.80 1.86
Caledonia. 17 18jOverman 35 - 39
Ch0i1ar. ...... 2.85 2.<*0iP0t051.:.. ...... 1.60 '• 1.55
Con.Cal.dtVa.. 2.65 2.7o|Savage 1.85 1.90
Challenge Con. 43 46 Scorpio 1 ...... 10 _
Con. Imperial. 03 04 Seg. Belcher... 20 21
Confidence. ... 1.30 — i.S'. ndlcatc. 04 05
Con New York — 10 silver Hi 11.... 03 05
frown Point... 62 64 sierra Nevada. 95 97
EastSierraNev — to Union Cou . 95 97
Exchequer.... 07 09 Utah 14 ib
Gould curry. 1.35 1.40 Yellow Jacket. 63 65
UaletfcNorcrs.2.2o 2.30
GOLD MIXING EXCHANQK.
600 Ama11e... .... 1 . .2 50 400 Lock wood Con.. 36
Champion ...... 600 34
Bid 20 00-tOO 36
A5ked...:....;. .....85 00200 .37
300 Edna 40 Providence . ■
200 ;.„.... r.;;! 42 Bid »:.........'.. ' .6000
600 ......«..> „ 45 A5ked.. ......... 80 00
60 Grant..... 12 100 Savannah.. - 40
100 ...... ...... r..... 13300 ............. ..^ 4vj
--••Kennedy...'.... •"■' 100 ;....:. ...... .... • 43
Bid ..;.........^..;10 44
A5ked..,:..... .12 00200 45
■-■ Keystone. ' 200 Sebasiopol...... 49
Bid ........65 00300...... # • 50
400LockwoodCon. S3
LOCAL SKCUBITIUS.
Bid 2 Humboldt BaDk 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 80
Asked 00 Tuscarora Water 6 60
Following Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Pas Week.
STOCK AND BOND KXCHANGK.
SATURDAY, June 13-10:30 a. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mid. Asked. I Bid. Asked.
US4scoup..loß - US 4s reg...l.By_ —
Do new issue — 116%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCble6s. — 113 PacßollM6s. — —
Cal Elec L6s — 122 y_ Do 2d la 65. . . — —
CntraCW6s — 97 oil 65. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 90 100 P«fcChßy63. — 108
KdsnL4l'6s - 122y_ Pwl-st R80.4. — 116 V.
F*CHHM6s.IO4V a - Reno, WI4L - 11,5
Geary-stß6s.loiy.los Sacto AL. — 10_V_
LosAngLtfs. — 100 |!Sl-&NPRos.l00%101s/.
DoGnteed6s — 103 SPRRArlzfls — 963 i
Mkt-siCble6sl23 — SPRIU al 65.10.V_11l
DoKyConss..lo43 / 4105 ISPRRCa. 6s. — —
NatVin6slst 95 100 jSPBrRCaIBs. 99y 2 100
NevCNgß7s. J*6 105 SVWate 65..119 119V_
NPCRR63. — 108 SVWat«r4-'.. 98V 8 99V_
NRyCal6s.lO2 — StktnG*E6s - 100
XRy Cal ss. — 100 Suns T*T6s 100 —
Oak Gas ss. .101 104V_Su.ter-stßss. 107y a —
I.o2dis__s.. - 106 VisallaWC6s - B.
Omnibus 08.1181,4119 !
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36% 3V^San Jose — - v
Marin Co — 60 — |S rng Valley 97Vj, 88%
CAS STOCKS. . ,
Capital....... 20 27 ' Pacific Ll-ht 47 —
Central 95 — ifciau Francsco 94i/ 2 95
OakGL&u 5..V4 52% Stockton..... — 2iv_
Pac Gaslmp. 84 % 85y_|
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — |Sun „25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — iLondonP*A.l2BV_l3o
Anglo-Ca1.... 618/ i — London*SF. — _7V_
Bankof .2371/22421/2 Meich Ex... 18 —
CaISD&TCo 65y_ 58 hevada — —
FirstNa.ionl.l7B IB*y_ feather BCo. — —
Grangers..... — ; — }"
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerS&LCo. 1375 1415 iSav&Loan.. — 100
II 11111 1.. 11001 100 1450 Securlly_....2sO 260
Mutual ;. — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
BFSavUnion — 490 |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — Oak BX,*Hay — 100
Geary-5t...... -» 65 Presidio 7 • —
ilarket-5t.... 43y 3 44V. Sutter-st — —
POWDEK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — lHy 8 Giant C0n.... 26% 26%
Eastern D... — 8-Vi Judson D.... — —
California.... 75 ' — iVUorit. ... 50c 96c
miscellaNEoits STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 93',. 3 95 1 % Nat Yin Co.. — 85
BlkDCoa'.Co. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 24y_
Cal c:ot MiUs - — Pro Anx FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 9t» 100
Edison Ll htl2oy 2 121 |Pac Roll Mill - -
GasConAssn. — — ; iParf PainiCo 6Vi 7i/ 2
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTr nsCo. — 24
H»wC&SCa. 19% 20y a PacT&T CO. 55 70
Hutch SPCO 84 24i/ 4 Hunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
BALKS — MllttM.V < BICSSIU^. V: ■■
Board—
25 Edison Light & Power Co 121 00
25 do do 12<>75
305 Giant Powder Con 26 00
200 do do 2-i 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial 20 00
100 Hutchlnson S P C 0.... 24 25
25 do do.s3 .'..... 24 00
125 do do ; . 24 12y»
20 Pacific Gas Imp 85 00
70 Gaslight 94 75
•• — — «
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. P. Coast and Gkodktio Hpjivkt Ttn»)
V rsri.i.KTisf Published BY Official V '
ATTHOKITY OF TUB SCPKRINTB.VDKST. )
-NOTK- In the above exposition of the tides the
(arty morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column Kives '.he second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide ot the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
belgh!, and ihen the number given Is subtractlva
fro" •> hi. (!'"■••■ ...,!,.• >,o ,-h-r *
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydroobaphic Offick, V. S. N., )
MKRCHANTB' 1- XCHASfIE. >
San Francisco. June 13. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtelkr,.
Lieutenant I' *. N 'n churye.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. June 13.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Euruka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins * Co.
stmr North Fork, Hansen. 22 hours from Eu
reka ; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson,
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 16 hours from Albion;
20u M ft lumber, 1400 r r ties, to J R Hanlfy.
NEW TO-DAY. - J
IxcuWoOnd" luc¥onl¥e i
c sB^=-=^^ SATURDAY.
' fetfyjffjP^jKaJ^A^S^t^fty Saturday .June 37, 1898
f^rpTffjnTT^ t 'I^CySw^^^^^L. Al ocloclc p - " J - on l he premises,
II at auction MURPHY STATION
-»E-_r\ ArDRC of the Choicest Land in the
♦35 A^*V C^ State of California.
Ark ATDPCin 1 and 2 year old PRUNE,
OU /\WfVLA~> APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io=ACRE UP A^ A D TRACTS
; • .....
Being a Portion of the Renowned
Martin murphy homestead tract
THE JAMES T. MURPMY SUBDIVISION.
• * " "■ - -C /.;
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources staud at
, the head 01 any district In this state.
i Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present Itself to the bomi'-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a fami." resort wner- health combined with profit is at, his command.
There are 10 pieces now i lamed in strong and ti rifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the .and is famous for its luxurious erowth of oak trees.
WHEkB IT IS AND what it I&— Al>out midway between fan Jose and ftanforJ University,
[ fronting the S. P. R. R.; 8 miles from tan Jose, 7 miles irom Palo Alto, 4 miles from Mountain View,
an . at the Murphy Station. The soil Is 40 feet deep. Is alluvial sediment, and the very cream of this
rich valley, 'l bis tract fronts on the m.iin .-an Francisco and .-an Jose boulevard, and is opposite the
magnificent, prune orcnard of t». M. Delruas valued at $ 1 00 per acre.
. 1 o any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity.
- y .'•'"•'■ ■ - ; "-v>w \X/C \A/II I oi I ivt
pA£ IT !• _^ I I_j Il^ Ip^
M^«^^T^s^«l_~f R-nll^S^l^^^^ To Murphy Station, near Mountain View,
1 IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June 27, 1896, stopping at Valencia-street station, fan Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy Station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day. — t?»i.i«,-
-91 .<,O ROl\I)-TRIP TICKKTU— t.OO. -Tickets obtainable at our office on Frldax
June 26. 1896, all day. and on saturuay, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:.«) c.o ■kA.M, and
at the depot, Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o clock A.M.,
from our represenotive. From other stations on the train, from San Mateo, Redwood and Memo
Park, round trip 50 cents. Iree Collation on the Grounds.
TKRSIS-Oue-Fourth Cash, balance in 1, 3 and 3 years, interest »% per annum.
: EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers ,63B Market St.,
' Or WOOsTER & WHITTKX, Real Estate Agents, 7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jose.
Stmr Columbia, Bolies. 44 hours from Portland, |
via Astoria .16 hours; produce, to O R & N Co.
Baru Forest Queen, Rice, 9 da.. . from Tacoma;
6:iO M ft lumber to Dickens Lunioer Co; 100 M ft
lumber, to s p Co.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen, 3 days from Coos
Bay : lunioer, to »mpson Lumber Co.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 18 hours fronu
Bowens La.Miing: lOOids nark, .0 Bender Bros.
fkshr Five Brothers, Rasmussen, 10 hours from |
.tishermans Bay; bark, to J Johnson.
Clexre 1
SATURDAY. Juae 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Willamette. Holmes, Nanaimo; Oregon
Imp Co.
schr Helen N Kimball. Hellingsen, Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
saite'i.
SATUKDAY. June 13.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Simr Jewal, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Nanaimo.
Slnir Newsboy, Fosen, Csai.
Stmr Alcatrnz. Faverlund.
l;r ship Brod.ck Cas;le, Fereuson, Cape Town.
lartcMie mania, P arson. New W'ha com.
Schr Annie Gee. Pearson. Port Had oc*.
Schr Antelope, Anderson, Coquille Riveu
Cuar ttv*
The ship Sterling and Nor bark Gartha !oad
wheat for sydne/; bktn Nfonhwesi, lnmber on the
Columbia River for Santa Kosa ia: Nor barK For
tuna, lumber on the !»ound for Melbourne or Ade
laide 41s 3d, Port Pirie 38s 9d— p.ior to arrival.
Spoken.
Mar 14— Lat 23 S. long 39 W, Brship Balclutha, 1
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
May 14— Lai 23 S, long 39 W. Br ship Lord
Cairns, from wansea. for ■an Francisco.
June 2-Lat 29 N, long 19 W, Brsh.p Frankis
tan. from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
June 5-Lat 48 29 N. Ions? 39 10 W, Brshio Bee
croft, hence Jan 7 for Hull.
June B— Lat 46 26 N. lons 96 22 W, Br ship
Simla, from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
Telegraph !c.
POINT LOBOS. June 13—10 p. m.— Weather j
hazy wind W: velocity. 12 mites.
DomeHtio Port*.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed June 12— Schr Chas I
E FalK.
POINT RE YES-Passed June 13-Str National I
Cltv, from Kur-Ka. for San Diego.
MENDOCINO— Arrived June 13— Stmr Pont
Arena, hence June 12.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 12— <tmr Tillamook.
Arrived June 12— Scbr Roy somera. from Port
Gamble.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 13-Stmr Arago, hnc
June 10
REDOXDO— Arrived June 13— Stmr Protection,
from Usal.
VENTURA— SaiIed June 13— Schr Eclipse, for.
Eureka.
ASTuRI A- Sailed June 13— Schr Gem. for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 13— '-chr Peerless.
SAN PKDKo- Arrived June 13— stmr Pasadena j
from Kureka.
BEATTLK— SaiIed June 13-Schr Lena Sweasey
for San Frauclfico.
sailed June 13— Bark Rufus E Wood, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 12— Stmr Del
Nor c, for San Francisco. June 10-ButnTamo'
Shanter, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 12- Stmr Rival,
hence June 12.
saile.l June 13-Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
BOWKNS LANDING— SaiIed June 13— Scnrs
Newark and Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
Importation*.
ARCATA— Per North Fork— ll sks gluestock, ft i
Oil 'anks, 56 pkgs household goods, i) beer kegs, i
197 M ft lumber. 1882 M shinnies. 133 M shakes.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— l cs dry goods, 14 tubs
1 keg 100 bxs butter, 66 pkgs mil so, 4 chsla bet- •
nes, 12.6.45 Mft lumber, a bbls mineral water, 1 1
cs drugs, 3 bxs tobacco. 1 b.x glass. 11 bals pelts, I
Hl7 M shingles, 6 pkgs furnl.ure, 2 cs groceries, 9 !
pitgs express, 1 sk coin.
E R and X R R-320 bxs butler, 3 bbis 3 cs
cider, 1 bx groceri^, TW pk^s mdsc, 60 doors, 1 sk
laiU, 2 o.ils hides and pelts.
Junction— l2l sk-< oau.
Robnervllle— 362 sks potatoes.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia- |
7422 sks potatoes. 10,412 sks Hour, 381 sks oats, 1
636 hides and skins, 1 8 sks woo;, 1 car 308 bells
shookH. 76t> pkgs paper, 13,410 ft !*5 bdls lumber, .
461 bdls barrel beads and staves. 121 cs h2msand
sides. HO cs canned goods, 279 sks oy rffers, 67 cs
salmon, — pkgs express.
Cc>>i-M«riif>«*.
Per North Fork— California Glue Works; Arctic
Oil Works; Standard Oil Co: A ilcLcod; Charl. s
Nelson: E R Yorr: E E i-oss.
Per Pomona— Eß Stevens it Co; J M Moore: W !
A Pratt; Wolf >t son: CX Whitney & Co: Wolf, I
Wreden & Co: Tillmann it Bendei; A Crocker A
Bros; Briguam, Hoppe «fc Co-. Dodge, Sweeney <t Co : >
Commercial Transfer Co; Felling, Cressy & Co: C
Naunian: Dairymen's Union; Hloernia Brewer. ;
Enterprise Brewery: Overland Freight and Trans-
Mr Co; Humboldt Mineral Water Co: J GOllober;
DTweede; CA Hooker: National Carbonic Acid
Gas Co; MnCK & Co: Pacific Rolling Mills: Pacific
Saw Works; Russ, Sanders A Co: Standard OH Co;
Sherman, Clay <fe Co: 'I he VVerthelmer Co; Scott <fc
Van Asdale Lumber Co: United Sates Brewery :
Wheaton, Breon <fc Co: Brlgham, Hoppe & Co; W j
E Dennison; 0 X Whltnev & Co; Witzel & Baker; j
F B Haiglit : Tillmann A Bendel ; O B Smith A Co;
Norton, Teller <St Co; Ross A Hewlett ; \V Marion;
Washing on Brewery ; W B Sunnier A Co: Park A
Lacy; Haasßros: Murphy. Grant ACo; National
Ice Co; Paoiflc Co>isi Lumber Co: Union Brewery.
Per Columbia— Moore, Ferguson A Co: California
Barrel Co: Thomas Loughran : D X Allison A Co:
Wolf A Son; Dalton Bros: Erhmger A Galinger;
order: Otis, McAllister A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co: j
L Janger; Allen A Lewig; F Hillens A Co: I) J Kus- I
sell; J P Thomas: MP Detels; Blsslnger A Co; J A I
Lacy; Darbee A Immel; W M Mearn; Kiugham & I
Co: Golden Gate Plaster Mills: San rnncisco '
Furniture Co: 8 H Frank A Co: MBMoragban: J
B I ohn — Co: Morgan (JysterCo; Clatsop Mill Co;
Fogarty A Parker; White Bros.
For Late Shipping Intelligence Nee Fourteenth Pag'..
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ uil\V,?,x>
HAWAII, SAMOA, lU, HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl er
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
M.S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU on.y. lues-
: day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
a H. ALAMKDA galls via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2r. K. ■'■ •-■ -.' - ■ '-■ '-,;■■ ' ' —
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. •■■t^m^'MKßOf^mmaSßßt^ftflltm
J. li. SPRECKELS <fe BROS. CO., ARts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS^ _
ASTORIA aIIORTLANR
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Glass,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fciate of California sails.... June 2, 12 and VI
Columbia sails.... June 7, 17 and 27
iron. Spear-st. Wharf (Pier _4) at 10 a. *.
tiOUDAJ-i* _>£RKINS & CO., Genl. Snpt%. i
k'. V. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSDIP CfIMPASY
CUT RATES
! TO
VICTORIA, B. C.", and
PUGET SOUND.
_E*lx>art Class 63. 00
Second Class ...JSSOO
Meals and berth Included. . ,
Ticket Office— 4 Jfew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
• Oenpral Ascents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COHPAJt
STEAMERS WILL SAIL. FROM jfffflm.
iS> Broadway wharf, san Francisco, an "*fT
follows: • ■ ,,
For Mary Island. Lorins:. Wran<eL Juneau. tin-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at . a. m., June .i,
18, .8. .8 .(n . .1. 1 ■-. , -.. _ri. .
For Victoria and Vancouver (R C). Port Town-
«end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea andNe*
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), .9 a. *•
lon 3 . 13. ■!.•». 39 _S. and every . flf:U
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltt»
the C. f. R. R.. at Taoom» with N. P. R. R-.
at Seattle with O. N. Ry.. at Pore Townsend wim
Ala^Kit steu.iiers.
For Kureka, Arcata aad . Fields Landln-,{Hun_-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 3 p. v.. .hum- 2. H. 10.
14.1 •_'_-.-'! S and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco\
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. .San Pedro. Em San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. -funa
4. *. 1.-1. iti. ao, -I. - JS and every lourtii _ay there-
For San Dt pro, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port I>>l
Aneeles, Redondo (Los A nitons) and Newport, 1 1
*. m.. iii " a " "'• " ■'■■-- *8, ;A)aiU every
Jourth day thereafter. del Catw, MazatUn. L»
For Knseuada, nun Jo<» del Caho. Matatlan, [»
Taz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), s:r. Uru \b _
10 a. v., Jane _, -'■ ■ una - s '' l oi »--c nioiuli tuertj-
' Ticitet office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
«00DALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen'V Agenti.
lO^lHrlcfiiu San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TfiAIBITLUTI||DI
French Lin'* to Hftvr<».
COMPANY^PIER (NEW). NORTH ___-*«<
\J River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by <s?4lSa_t
this line avoid both transit oy English railway :t,i 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a -mall
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Egypt, via IVrn
first-class $lt>0: second-class. *110.
I.A TOXTRAINE. CapU SanteUl.. ..May 2* 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .Ma/ _-3, 8 a, 3f .
1 A GASCOUNE Jn c •-'(!, 7 A it.
LA hOM . , Sole. July 4, 6a. m.
LA 0A&000NE.... July 25. 11 a. M.
LA >OR I WDIK AtiTUSt 1, 5 A. M.
LA BOURGOGNR. Cant. I^b >euf. rime 6, 7a. if .
_HT For further Fartlcalars apply to , ■
:-.,».; ■ •--..-. A. forge r. Agent!
No. 3 Bo v ing Green, New Yoric
J. P. FUGAZI CO., Agent* 6 Aloutgoa>B«»
•venue. San Franoiscc ■ -
WHITE mR LINE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamen
BETWEIK
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
; V SAIJLINti EVEK. WJ-_SK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- £t~nA
ing to steamer and accommodations _S__«__2
•elected: second cabin, 986 and «40: Maje*i,ic .... l
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from - England, Ire*
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark;
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■tiling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at in*
General office of the Company, 613 Market street
OOdex Grand Hotel. U.W.FLETCHER,
... general Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERB LEAVE " ASPINWALL. >3WgL
I> fortnightly for the West Indies and ««■
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgn.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. •
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. • First class, $195: third
class. $97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,
' ••. - . ' '- . 306 California St.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At > P.M. Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. Jl.
Kg- AccommoUations Reserved by Telephone.
b'A'--AJ_l___t3; ' '
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters, •
Mary . Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Nay. and Impt. Ca .
PALLEJO, MARE ISL il'D. TOICIA, PORT
COSTA Ai\D CROCKHIT.
STK. MONTI CELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 A. '__,■'
and 4 F. K. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r Hi
H^-i-oniy. SUnday - 8R m. '
Hml only.
Landing, Alission l. Pier a.
3132
FIRST CONVENTION
OF SINGLE-TAXERS
To Be Held in This City
When Judge Maguire
Returns.
WORK TO DO THIS FALL.
Constitution to Be Amended to
Grant Local Option in
Taxation.
REFORMERS ALREADY ACTIVE.
The Proposed Amendment to Be Advo
cated in the Democratic
Platform.
Local single-tax advocates are working
for a convention of representative single
taxers from all over the State, to be held
in this City. The large number of those
who believe in this reform, as evidenced
by the thousands of signatures to the
single-tax petition which has been circu
lated throughout the State, make it ad
vantageous to the reformers to have some
sort of meeting and reunion, from which
they may derive mutual encouragement
and devise means of best prosecuting the
campaign for the adoption of the constitu
tional amendment for local option in mat
ters of taxation.
Definite plans for the convention have
not as vet been made. Soon after the re
turn to this City of Congressman Maguire
and Dr. Law, a prominent and wealthy
single-taxer. who has been actively en
gaged in the Delaware campaign, a call
will in all probability be issued for the
convention.
The gathering is sure to be of a com
posite character, as the single tax in
cludes workers of all classes, in all parts of
the State. This City and Oakland will,
of course, be well represented. Los An
geles has a great many single-taxers and
should be well represented. The zealous
work oi' prominent workers in the cause in
various parts of the State — James E. Mills
in l'lumas and other mining counties, Al
fred Cridge in the San Joaquin Valley and
a host of other? scattered all over the
State— should result in strong representa
tion from these localities.
The constitutional amendment, to effect
the passage of which will be the primary
object of the convention, will undoubtedly
be advocated in a piank of the Democratic
platform, to be adopted next week.
In tpite of the general disagreement
between the two warring factions of the
local Democracy, tne prevailing sentiment
in each seems to lavor the insertion in the
State platform of the plank that is being
urged by the single-tax advocates. Repre
sentatives of both the Junta and Buckley
branches of the party will work for the
adoption of the same plank, so that which
ever delegation is seated the result in re
gard to the "sinele-tax plank' : will be the
same. And if both delegations should be
seated and the members of both factions
be allowed a half vote each, it is under
stood that in this matter they will stand
together and vote as a unit.
The plank, which has been formulated
mainly by James S. Reynolds, a prominent
single-tax advocate, and ex-president of
the Single-tax Society of this City, pro
vides for local option in taxation. Single
tax advocates regard it as practically a
single tax-plank.
There are various localities at present
where a majority of the voters would be
in favor of at least giving tbe system a
trial, but the present constitutional pro
vision precludes such a course. Given
the single tax in operation in one commu
nity, say the advocates of the reform, and
the prosperity and business activity neces
sarily consequent would compei neigh
boring communities to likewise adopt the
system in order to maintain themselves
in the competition of industry.
Single-taxers therefore take an unusual
interest in this measure; which they be
lieve must and will be the opening wedge
in the reform. The plank, or, rather, the
planks, which will in all probability be in
corporated in the platform are as follows:
In accordance with the teachings of our
democratic fathers, that power should be re
served to und distributed among the people,
we favor the amendment of our State con
stitution on revenue and taxation ill such
manner that the Legislature shall have power
to determine how public revenues shall be
raised, and may authorize the political sub
divisions of the State to determine by a vote ol
the ir electors how revenues for the support of
their local government shall be raised.
Our candidates for the State Legislature are
pledged to advocate such amendment.
A polltax is an illogical and undemocratic
tax. It falls chiefly on wage-earners, out ol
whose wages it is withheld, while other
classes of citizens generally escape from or
evade it.
Therefore wC demand that section 12 of the
article on revenue and taxation in our State
constitution be repealed.
Our candidates for the State Legislature are
pledged to advocate such amendment.
ADDIE LIESEN MISSING.
Her Sister Thinks She Has Been Ab-
ducted, but Others Bolleve She Has
Joined a Theatrical Company.
The mysterious disappearance of Addie
Liesen, 16 years of age, was reported to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children yesterday.
She is a handsome girl, remarkably well
developed for her years, tail and graceful,
and a decided blonde. She lived with her
sister, Mrs. Lottie Herzog, at llti Turk
street, until three weeks ago, when she
decided to. visit her grandparents at Sac
ramento. She promised her sister that
she would return in about ten days.
She went to Sacramento and stopped
with her grandparents for a week, and
then, giving her $10, they saw her safely
on the train for this City. When the ten
days had expired Mrs. Herzog wrote to
Sucramento, and was surprised to receive
word that Addie had left several days
before. The trainmen were questioned
about her, but none remembered seeing
her. Mrs. Herzog waited in the hope that
she would return, but yesterday notified
the society.
Mrs. Herzog was informed yesterday
that a cirl answering Addie's description
had been seen at Santa Cruz and that she
was in training there as a maid of honor
to the queen at the approaching water
carnival. The society wired to the Chief
of Police at Santa Cruz asking him to in
vestigate. Mrs. Herzoß is under the im
pression that her sister has been abducted,
but others believe that she has joined a
theatrical company doing the interior
towns, as she had a fondness for the stage.
\_^W^^^^WW__ft_f^_^__^^^-^^-^^^___^^__^__-__^
\ /^CS^\ We Buy For 7 Stores %
X a/ tr^^r^f^ r\Vi (HALES CALIFORNIA STORES) A
I wr /liP Millions of Dollars Worth Yearly. I
X /-/I \,\^ /A/ Is it reasonable to suppose there is another Dry Goods corporation on the coast that can follow V
V //v^l^? — />/+/ our P rices successfully? This week we will show our selling supremacy in O
'if Mf^^^R^ /l Silks, Ribbons, Laces, Ladies' Capes, Jackets, Outing $
\\ iftnffij^jr*^ •■■ Suits and Separate Skirts. j!
111 .>H|) \2d!^3d V ; \/ s7>u?/*& :i * ■ NOT A SINGLE CHANCE TO GO WRONG BUYING HERE, jjf
• j v2-^. p^^^L . .' EoAK 8 1 """'"^'" FURNISHING RIBBON c LAC E {J
P / L x XvS I DEPARTMENT. DEPARTMENT. DEPARTMENT. DEPARTMENT. flf
I|t - ' C ' ■ X^S_/' /~~ X ~ ALL-BILK SATIN AND GROS GKAIN |f
__,/ *- / \^^ M S X 100 LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS BOYS' CALICO WAISTS, all light colors RIBBON, good assortment Of colors, WHITE, COLORED AND BLACK OAC ||
1 fj. _ X — v— • X bought at a sacrifice of 50 per cent. and new patterns, no excuse to look: the kind for fancy wort : CHANTIL.LY LACE, 6V2 to 8 inches — Jvf Iff
/ 0 , "■' ■ " ■■-■"■■ J/, " ® Silk velvet collar 22 inches long, dirty when you can purchase at these "I QC . No. 2 No. 5 No. 7 wide; a lace week price 25c and Yard : ■■■
If \ V". _/^ /} X three-quarters fancy silk lined, ripple prices, sizes sto 12 years, our special It/ . . jff
I i/^ } - ® back; a $10 Jacket. The 50 percent© C. 00 price Each 2y 2 c yo. . 3Visc yd. 5c yd. • •>
If j^ >w ® is for you-32 to 42 in size. Our priced *£— No 9 No 12 No 16 AMERICAN PILLOW-CASE LACE, an TTf
! . JT W is _acn . ; 1 1 American lace from an American re ■•■
If / ® * . 7V 2 cyd. 8V 3 cyd. 10c yd. store: plenty of patterns and sto B O 1
If t^ ® BOYS' MOTHER'S FRIEND WAISTS, Jr „., v in Ka an inches wide; very special Yard gAL
if ®95 LADIES' DUCK SUITS. HERE'S TO full laundered, sailor collars, pleated _£ ~ ' >0 ' dv pl ° °" :\ TTF
[I ® he vacation, never so pretty as now. dj»l .85 back and front, patent self-adjustable -, „„ w/ , ,~3 7 on *,a ■■
<If W/C I CAP* THP U/ODI PI IN K"^ <E> Hereisone. Blazer style, sizes 32 to <JP-L waistbands, all the romping a boy can A^cya. locya. ~uc ya. WHITE AND BUTTER - COLORED TU
f WE lead mb wuklu ii> _311_IV_7. J 42-a bargain at *2 50. Our price Each do won't rio a button off. sizes 4to 12 75 « good heavy b «™v b LACK VALENCIENNES LACE, all the de- .1
it years, the kind people expect at $1, iO v satin Ai«rn r Rns Aratv nrfc signs are new and pretty and especial- '?
If SXS)®®®®<^®®®®®®^^ our special price... E»ch BONTwhtt you would expect at on^ ly des.rable; from %to »/ 4 inch wide; QC »
I II __ 25 LADIES' CAPEa IN TA>i AND , third more: buy to save at tnese prices, dc, i^fyfi ai f
If /*|| MS"C* i \Tf\ t17i~%/^kl OTVTC Blue. Fancy embroidered around hot- -• „ _ and Yard 111
•\ SI I IVH AN I) WViiiL_t,fN__>« torn and down front; ruche of same<n>O.3s * 0 ' 5 Na 7 *°- 9 ill
,II +-> * ■-« *V*»J r\.l^*S T? VVL<UM4/« material around neck; a decided bar-»D-i GENTS' UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS. 7ZZT '-!■ «. „* ' T7TT7 ■"■',• *l
1 U . gain at $3 50, our price Each heavy muslin, re-enforced back, 4-Dly uwu- <V2*-yu- lucya. REAL TORCHON LACE, a lace week Jll
i BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA 65 PIECES FANCY WOR- • linen bosoms, all sizes, cuff bands, the QQC No. 12 No. 16 No. 22 \ trade brtnger: 2V 2 to 3 inches in AC ,fl I
111 JiLAIK MbUKJiU iA"hIA, do STSTI TWn TOWTI SUIT- regular 50c unlaundered shin, special Otf width; many patterns and a special 4 [
j 21 inches, large and small STEDTWO- lON small 11- 36 ladies' blue OR BLACK SERGE thisweek . P Each ia%oyd. 15cyd. I6%cyd. price..' f...... „.... Yard i i
<M designs, guaranteed all pure ITS trb large and small n^ suits, double-breasted i oose front, 34 No. 30 No. 40 :••,:■; , I
.ii silk, worth 75c We will pr Q o \ ured designs, a regular 50c silk lined; skirt 5 yards wide and lined ■ . ||
' if sell It this week special OVVj '96 fabric. Nomore than 10 with rustle percaline: bound all around 20cyd. 25cyd. TORCHON LACE — There are 12 yards I
,11 nrice " ' Yard yards to a customer, noQ£/» bottom with velvet binding; sizes 34 <Ij» 1 0.00 SADIES' GAUZE WOOL VESTS, H. N. QPLC wri ,„ _,_,„ o_rrr=- n ! AITCTTT , _ -r , in a piece, and these are' lace- week . ||§
I}} P " Cc iSr samples and none Sold to -JOC to 44; elegant value at $15. On sale® 1.4— N. b., fine quality, Swiss ribbed, In OD NO. 40 FANCY STRIPED ALL-SILK 17° special prices by the piece. 1
( il dealers! .Price ....... Yard tbis week = Each wl.tt.Vmly, regular $1 quality, special Each ? h I^ s O^iffn-wljkpficele°t. f". !?'. Yard ■% inch % lnc & 1 inch it. 1% inch c|
ti — 65 ladies- DUCK SUITS; fancv<mr»7s ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, a very 1 OIC 10c pc 12c pc. 16c pc. 20c piece. Ml
ill - - "sSSMSr?®rS»S >MMR*a&am w fisuk^S??^ 1 !: «=m »
Li BLACK FIGURED GROS quality, white only, regular $1 gar- OO ALL SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, a IRC Ml
111 c\i\VS xkmv «wpH npwde-F7'" — mem, special ; Each very heavy kind, wider than the 10 WHITE ORIENTAL LACE— We con- I
11 tjiwiijM. in swell new ue 1 ;\(* vTyvKrnvr avxmv W»-arill mmm r C*r%r*r>l A I above; a hummer this week Yard . consider i: good value at 35c, it'a IQC All
II signs. A very special value 'wli 7oc FRENCH bEKCrli,— we will VUpV SPrl.l from 10 to 12 inches wide a purse JLo ni
ii a ... Yard sell 50 pieces this week, KA« VCK I orE^l/\l-i. all silk Dresden ribbon, wider 9-c uSforia«f week. ......... ™" Yard ilk
<** "■"■ " black and navy, full 50-inch, O\Jl> W » have perhaps 100 garments left rADIFS' WHITE LAWN APRONS, a IAC price was 35 and 40c , a yard: SPeC Y«d ' :S^~~ •
,U very heavy. Special price.. Yard OV er from the rush saub of THE yard square, satin efTects, striped bor- 10° pnce for thlB week - _±_,- Yard butter-colored POINT de YEN- ; i
U' MAYER STOCK. We have tabled them der, special...; Each FANCY DRESDEN RIBBON, No. 60 \SE LACK-AU kinds of Patterns 19 ', I
• ■ ■ ____ , , , - .*. 1 width extraaualitv value 50 and 60c OCC from 10 to 12 inches wide, the lot J-i/ ' Akk
I at one side and made a price to close yi^'corn^ '^riyVonday for^ 35 veryspecial Yard •'
[1 ; them out in a few days. If you are not very special this week Yard _ ■_■• — ~_,_ rT _„ Akk
l\ ~~~~ Innklno* fnr Inf. .-it litvl-.M a dollar hi-r«- • BUTTER-COLORED LACE COLLARS— ■ •■?
U EXTRA HEAVY BLACK . looKing ior latest styles aaoiiar nere GENTS . BLACK COTTON SOX, Herms- ICC ALL SILK BABY RIBBON, picot edge, QC Another new arrival, plenty of sizes QCC Hi
111 r Pn« r-RATV 011/ nph« buyB a Rreat lot °fB °° * n dorf dye, high-spliced heels and double 10 assorted colors, the 16c kind; a good- O and patterns, worth 50c, lace-week -^0 4M
'■• IjKUS iii\.u.\, -I/, meats workmanship. ■■ :-. toes, regular 25c sox, special Pair by price T.... Bolt special Each J I
wide, beautifully figured, QXp FANCY TWO-TONED SUIT- "I 1 " .-.^r^,.-.,-.^.- -.-■-.^.-,-- ™.-...— .-— — , *~.~~~^~^~^ -*~~v-^~~~^~~.yv~~~~-~- . rij . i _ rij^^._ •••
 best dye and finish. This vyv INGS, 40-inch, sold all sea- lOC — ~— ~~~ ' Jii
'■t '" Zl r^^lEfi™ DEEP CUTS IN DOMESTICS FOR THIS WEEK. j;
f APRON GINGHAMS. 27 inches wide, aC BLEACHED PILLOW-CASE MUaLIN, TAC NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. 3 1 CROCHET BEDSPREADS, the *1 25 _rT
blue and brown checks, value 6*4 c; ; tt .50 inches wide, regular price 15c, Xl/ yards by 45 inches; white and ecrn;' CXC kind, 76x84 inches, very heavy, %M
v special Yard special price Yard regular price, 85c per yard; special Ut> hemmed and all ready to woo you to ffl»T .00 _f
— — 1 , --f ■■■:•■ ;■;• . for this week only , .. Pair ■■ slumberlaud and bargain dreams. ifl) —— — Sg
n^^ TT-vTT.O ™ «ttt> COTTON CHALLIES, light and dark col- AXC • Special Each Jf
THREE LINES OF OUR ors, the eVic quality; special this *±2 ■ V v ____ A
X TAFFETA 1 f_U°l9 F hlS-A/» FR iI C v?U E iU G in^?a*C_ Ch andr7 X '- :::::: "'" ' **" ~~ NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3^ DAMASK TABLECLOTHS. 2% yards • A
%W -ir' v • *«« rtflr. «eavy. ivnnin DiacK ana H <~p FINK SATEENS. ■ the 15c quality, 30 QIC 600 pieces of TABLE OILCLOTH, full TAC yards by 52 inches: white and ecru: QCC long, plain and colored borders, heavy ©1 .15 \T
Vi Wide. iour Choice from " v \" navy, a bargain for $1. Our IW inches wide, figures and dots; special O3 49 inches wide, pertect goods, dark 14 the $1 25 curtain at special sale, Call OO fringe, a $150 cloth. Special saletjpl #%,
I the lot. Special iard toa S p»....^v,. DEEP CUTS IN DOMESTICS FOR THIS WEEK. Each X
APRON GINGHAMS, 27 inches wide, aC BLEACHED PILLOW-CASE MUsLIN, IAC NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3 CROCHET BEDSPREADS, the $1 25 jf
_____ blue and brown checks, value 61,4 c; ± 50 Inches wide, regular price 16c, -LU yards by 45 inches; white and ecru; f?f%C kind, 76x84 inches, very heavy, II
special Yard special price Yard regular price, 85c per yartl; special \JO hemmed and all ready to woo you to<T>l,OO
. for this week only Pair slumberlaud and bargain dreams.t!J) J. C_>
„„„„ « TTT , COTTON CH ALLIES, light and dark col- AIC Special Each _T
THREE LINES OF OUR ors, the 6V*c quality; special this Is O
REGULAR 75c FANCY ! FRENCH SERGE, 55-inch, a week Yard
T\FRFT\ full I<> inches •" A heavy twill in black and n ~ NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3»^ DAMASK TABLECLOTHS. 21/3 yards 47%
x tV 4- 1 • 4 P Of P Heavy vw ni in DiacK ana H~n • FINK SATEENS, the 15c quality, 30 QIC 600 pieces of TABLE OILCLOTH, full 1 yards by 52 inches: white and ecru; QCC long, plain and colored borders, heavy ©I .15
Wide. lour Choice from *J\jKs navy, a bargain for $1. Our • tr\j inches wide, figures and dots: special O3 49 inches wide, perfect goods, dark II the $1 25 curtain at special sale. Call OO fringe, a $150 cloth. Special saferjpl Jf\
the lot. Special lard special price Yard j Yard mixed colors, value 20c yard, special.. Yard early as you can Pair thisweekouly Each jf
I HALEBIRba, Incorporated, 1
6 937 to 945 J\/Ea,i?laLet Street. San Francisco. O
ON THE AMERICAN PLAN
How Mrs. Fong Fung Regulated
Her Nephew's Wedding
Feast.
A Unique Chinese Marriage Cele
brated at the Methodist
Mission.
The Methodist Mission, on Washington
street, was the scene of a unique Chinese
wedding last night.
Ngan Kuk was the bride. Five years
ago she was rescued from slavery and
brought into the home, and since that
time, little by little, she has learned
Western ways and has abjured her idols,
her ancestors and her heathen customs.
But, however much a Chinese girl may
become Christianized there are generally
several points of Mongolian etiquette
which sue expects to observe rigidly at
her wedding. On that occasion if on no
other she will paint her face, adorn her
head and put on attire more gorgeous
than a peacock's tail. She will also refuse
the dainties of the marriage feast and re
frain from casting even a sidelong glance
at the bridegroom.
When Ngan Kuk accepted the hand
ana heart of Chan Hay, a convert of the
mission, she expected that her wedding
feast would be as regal as the circumstances
of the groom would permit, but fate, in
the shape of the gentleman's aunt, willed
otherwise. It is a Chinese custom that
when a man who is about to get married
has a mother she shall manage and con
trol all the arrangements for his wedding.
There are so few mothers-in-law in China
town that this custom has almost fallen
into abeyance.
Chan Hay had no mother, but he had
an aunt — Airs. Fong Fung— who has al
ways been to him as a parent, and tbis
lady made her presence felt at last night's
wedding. She is the wife of a well-to-do
Chinese merchant, and has been a consist
ent member of the Methodist Episcopal
church for six years.
She disapproves of frivolity in dress or
deportment, and she considers Chinese
custom and etiquette little short of sinful.
It was owing to Mrs. Fong Fung's reli
gious scruples that the bride wore no
iinery last night, and was simply arrayed
in a blue blouse and a black shirt, with
neat but not gaudy embroidery. The
groom's attire was marked by the same
absence of extravagance in dress, ana as
for Mrs. Fong Fung herself nottiing could
have been simpler than her attire. She
was almost a Chinese tailor-made lady.
Rev. Dr. Masters, the bead of the mis
sion, performed the ceremony and
througliout tbe whole proceedings were
conducted on the American plan, without
the least particle of heathen custom or eti
quette. There were about 150 American
and Chinese visitors present and at the
feast which followed the wedding, they
all, the bride included, sat down in tbe
big schoolroom of the mission to prettily
decorated tables and partook of light re
freshments prepared in American style.
People declared it was the most unique
Chinese wedding they had ever witnessed.
—•^
Park Mu-ic To-Day.
The following attractive programme has
been arranged for the open-air concert in
Golden Gate Park to-day:
"Capital City March" Laura & Hart man
Overture, "Poet ana Peasant" (by request).. suppe
Grand selection, "La Julve" Halevy
Horn solo, "Song Without Words" Methfessel
Performed by K. Hchlott.
Caprice, "The Awakening of the Lion" Kontski
Ovfrlure. "The Hying Dutchman" Wagnpr
Waltz, "Thousand and One Nights" Strauss
Selection, "The Bohemian Girl" Balie
Patrol, -Tbe Blu«»ud Gray" Dalbey
ticch eC'iacob, "Galop alia Cacclatora".E. Ricordl
Young men or old should not fall to read Thomas
Slater's advertisement on page 8.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 14, 1896.
Saturday next will see the beginning of
the greatest gathering of whist- players the
world has ever known. The executive
committee of the American Whist League
as well as the tournament and other com
mittees will meet at the Oriental Hotel,
Manhattan Beach, L. 1., and formulate
every plan and detail for the grand suc
cess of the Sixth American Whist Con
gress that will convene the following Mon
day. There ia no doubt but this meeting
will go down into the annals of the league
as the whist wonder of the nineteenth
century. We can give no better idea of
what this congress will be, or the great
celebrities who will be there, than to quote
the following from the Evening Telegraph
of Philadelphia of June 1 :
With the advent of June the thoughts of all
whisters naturally turn to the Brooklyn Con
gress, which Is unquestionably destined to
be the greatest event in the annals of the
game.
In the matter of attendance it will be unpre
cedented in point of numbers, but the quality
will be even more attractive than the quantity.
Among the noted whisters who will positively
{ be on hand in addition to the contestants in
the trophy contests are:
| Henry Jones (Cavendish), who will make
a special trip to this country in order to be
present.
Colonel A. S. Burt, who, under the norn de
plume of ''The Colonel," is well known to the
whist-reading world by reason of his many
! attractive whist "skits." He will journey
I from far-off Fort Missoula, in Montana, where
he is in command, in order to meet the many
friends he has made but never seen.
"Uncle Dick" Allen of Milwaukee, whose
fame as a player who can fool adversaries and
partner alike with unusual ability is whist
world wide. This will be his first whist ap
pearance outside of his native city, and he
has just written to Chairman Weems that at
the congress he expects to be as near heaven
as a mortal ever gets.
N. B. Trist, the originator of the system of
; American leads, will journey from New Or
leans to add his genial presence to the de
lights of the occasion.
Miss Kate Wheelock, "the Whist Queen,"
will of course be on hand. No congress would
i be complete without her and no American
! whister but will be glad of the chance of
| meeting the woman who unquestionably is
j responsible In a much greater degree than
any one else for the high standard of whist
I now being played by the women of America.
The officials of the league will of course at
tend in force. President Theodore Schwartz
of Chicago will preside at the meeting of the
congress. Vice-President Walter H. Barney,
the prominent Providence barrister, will be on
hand in case the work with the gavel proves
too exhausting for his superior officer. An
other prominent attorney ready to give
legal aid in the deliberations will be
j Bertram D. Kribben of St. Louis, the re
i cording secretary. Robert H. Weems of
Brooklyn, the corresponding secretary,
will, during that week, be the most busy
man in the country. He is chairman of
the congress committee, chairman of the
tournament committee, and, in short, car
i ries the entire burden of management upon
his shoulders. Had the League searched the
country with a microscope, however, it could
not have found a more competent man for the
position, and every one who knows Mr.Weems
without any hesitancy predicts perfect ar
rangements as the result of his having the
managerial reins.
Among tbe other officials will be Treasurer
Benjamin L. Richards of Rock Rapids, lowa,
i and "Past Masters" Eugene L. Klliott of Mil
i waukee and John M. Walton of this City.
Most of the whist writers of the country will
be in evidence, among the number being C. D.
P. Hamilton of Easton, Charles E. Coffin of
j Indianapolis, John M. Mitchell of Chicago,
I (ieorge L. Bunu of St. Paul, John H. Briggs of
i Minneapolis. P. J. Tormey of San Francisco,
Cassius If. Paine oi Milwaukee, R. F. Foster of
New York, and Mrs. Margaretta Wetherill Wal
lace of Staten Island.
"CAVENDISH" ON "THE CALL'S"
WHIST ARTICLES.
The letter we give below from "Caven
dish," known by every whist-player liv
| ing as the "Master," paya us a very high
j compliment. When we started our Whist
Column a few weeks ago we never dreamed
we could or would interest any but the
beginner. The little knowledge we pos
sess of the game— and it is very little— we
acquired by close application and study
i of the master's writings, demonstrated to
WITH THE WHIST-PLAYERS
ns by one of the master's greatest ad
mirers, no less a personage than our little
Whist Queen, Miss Kate Wheelock. We
humbly accept the compliment, and it is
a pleasure to pass it on to her majesty,
where it rightfully belongs.
The letter is as follows:
22 Albion Street, Hyde Park, W. i \
London, May 22, 1896. I
My dear : Thanks for your cuttings
from the San Francisco Call. You would
much oblige me if, when sending them, you
would also send a cutting of the printed head
line with date at top of page. When I have
cuttings like yours that I care to preserve I
stick them in an album, with name and date
at top. • • • Now as to Brooklyn. I have
decided to go if I feel well enough. 1 need not
trouble you with my ailments, but I may say I j
am hardly fit to undergo much latigue, and 1 I
believe you Americans want to kill me with
hospitality, etc.; and I am not the man I used
to be. However, Weejas was so horribly kind
to me and will be so disappointed if I do not
cross the pond that I must make an effort.
* * * Whether I cross or not there's no rea
don you and your party should not come to
the mountain. I'll promise you a good time
so far as lies in my power. So come. Yours
always, Henky Jones.
"Cavendish" will contribute a very in
teresting article to the special whist
edition of Harper's Weekly that will be
published next week. Two interesting
points of the game will be discussed. The
lead from ace and four others not holding
kins oi queen or jack and the lead from
king, jack, ten and one other.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Payot of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club have been doing Europe
for over a year. They are expected to ar
rive in New York during the congressional
week. It would certainly be a crowning
event to their trip to attend the whist
coneress.
The second round in the ladies' trophy
match in the San Francisco Whist Club
was played last Saturday afternoon. The
team that won the first round came out
victorious in the second. The winners
were Mrs. J. Curtis, Mrs. Bates, Mrs. Bell
and Miss Jenkins. It was a tight squeeze
for a victory, a cain of two tricks only.
G. A. Singer of the Trist Club conducted
the match and everything passed over
very nicely, except the keeping of a
private score. Doing so in a league match
the team or player guilty of such an act is
immediately required to withdraw from
the game.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
We have several inquiries how to play a
match game club against club. John T.
Mitchell, father of duplicate whist, is the
one we always go to for such information.
He advises a modification of the "pro
gressive fours" game, as follows. The
Trist Club conduct all their games this
way:
The players of club No. 1 sit north-south
at the odd numbere d tables, east-west at
the even, while the players of No. 2 club
sit east-west at the odd tables, north-south
at the even. No. 1 club sits still during
the game, while the players of No. 2 move
from each pair of tables to the next higher
numbered pair of tables after playing
eight hands, and the boards or trays con
taining the hands are passed to the next
lower numbered two tables. Four original
hands are dealt at each table, and are
passed from the odd numbered tables to
the next higher even, and from the even
numbers to the next lower odd, before be
ing passed to the next lower two tables.
If it is desired that each team of one
club should play against every team of the
other club only two boards are started
originally at each table, and after four
boards have been played the east-west
players of the moving fours change places
with the north-south players at the next
higher table, and then play the other four
boards of the set.
Players at the last two tables move to
the first boards as the first two tables are
passed to the last.
In answer to the questions in regard to
whist instructions in San Francisco we
will state that the Whist Editor of The
Call has been tendered the use of the
That Club rooms for a course of free lec
NEW TO-DAY.
tures on whist to all readers of this paper
who love the game. The lectures will be
given once a week, and will be given as
soon as the summer vacations are over.
The rooms will hold but a limited num
ber, and as it will be necessary to have
whist play to demonstrate the beauties of
the game, the first to signify their desire
to accept this offer will be placed on the
list, and complimentary tickets will be
sent them by the club.
Sir Charles Russell, Lord Chief Justice
of England, has been invited to attend the
Whist Congress. It was stated in the
"Literary Digest" some time ago, in a
sketch of Sir Charles, that he was so fond
of whist that he would walk ten miles on
a stormy nisrht to join in a good rubber.
We are asked if Trist ever wrote a book
on whist, and also when the American
leads were first introduced.
Our answer to the first question is: No!
Mr. Trist has never iavored the whist
world with a book, but he has written
enough to fill a dozen, but no compilation
of his writings has ever been made. Great
effort is being made just now to attain that
end.
To the second question we will say the
"American leads were first introduced to
the whist players of the wcrld by "Caven
dish," in his" Whist Developments, pub
lished in the year 1885. This book was
dedicated to Nicholas Browse Trist by the
author.
WHISTLETS.
The Milpitas Whist Club boys thought
it sounded very funny to say the "eight
spot" or "nine spot" when we spoke of
certain cards we played, the time they
walloped us so, and they suggested that
we use the phrase the "queen spot" and
tbe "king spot," that it would be just as
good sense. The Milpitas boys are right.
We never thought how "vulgar" it
sounded.
A. H. Martin of the Golden Rule Bazaar
and one of the founders of the Trist Du
plicate Whist left for New York and the
Brooklyn Congress last evening.
The bie cyclone in St. Louis wiped out
the whist column in the Globe- Democrat.
It is to be regretted that such is the case.
Alfred Weiller has dtme noble work for
the cause of whist while in St. Louis. We
will try and follow him to his new field of
labor. His whist writings have always
been bright and sparkling, and will be
missed by all the readers of the Globe-
Democrat. Howells' new work called
"Whist OpeniDgs" will be out in a few
days — the poor printer is the one that is
blamed now. This is the season of whist
fads, and Howells' book will give us a few
new ones.
Whist for May gives us a new whist
term :
West— Mr. South, your lead was utterly
unjustifiable. I thought you never led
from a sneak!
South (meekly) — It wasn't a sneak; I
had two cards of the suit!
West (irascibly)— Well, then it was a
sub-sneak!
The worst case we know of on record of
"kicking at your partner" occurred in the
Trist Club rooms one evening last weeic.
One of the gentlemen played "dummy."
When the play of one deal was finished he
growled, grumbled and kicked because
his partner "would not lead him a trump
after calling twice."
The following letter speaks for itself.
It is taken from Whist for May:
PROPOSED INTERNATIONAL WHIST MATCH — A
GE.NEROVB OFFER.
San Francisco, Cal., May 7, 1896.
Editor of Whist: Considerable has been said
in the columns of Whist, and in "whist
columns" generally, about an international
whist match— England vs. United States.
It is nearly a year since tbe writer
first started in to try and arouse suffi
cient interest to make such a thing
possible. It was not our intention to
let it "flash in the pan," or die out, and if we
cannot coax or induce a whist team across the
Atlantic to meet us at the Brooklyn Congress,
let us send one to England— and beard the lion
In his den. To further such an idea, the Owl
Drug Company of this City, who are all great
whist enthusiasts, will pay the entire expenses
of one member of such a team, ana sug
gests the idea of sending the team that
wina the Hamilton trophy. If we can
only ?et started once on these interna
tional matches we can have one every year.
Very truly yours, P. J. Tormey.
Mrs. Sitton of Portland, Or., wins one
year's subscription to Whist.
Out of many replies we have received
the best one comes from Mrs. L. W. Sit
ton, Portland. Or. Mrs. Sitton is president
of the Kate Wheelock Club of that city and
deserves a very high compliment. Every
one of her answers is correct. The
nearest one to her made eight errors.
In The Call of May 24 we published a
table of questions kindly furnished us by
Mrs. F. H. Atwater of Petaluma, and
agreed to give one year's subscription to
Whist for tne best answer to them.
ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.
I 1. (a) From X, Q, 10, 6, 3 lead Q. (6) From X,
Q, 10, b", 3 in trumps lead Q.
2. (a) With A, X, 10, 5, second hand, play 10
on 8 led. (6) With X, J, 10, 2, second hand,
play 10 on 4 led.
3. (a) With Q, J, 4, 3, second hand, play 3 on
6 led. (6) With J, 10, 4, second hand, play 10
on 6 led.
4. (a) With 10, 9, 8, 6, third hand, play 8 on
Q led. (6) With X, J, 4, 2, third hand, play 3
on 10 led.
5. (o) With A, 6, third hand, play A on J led.
(jb) With A, 6, third hand, play 6 on Q led.
6. (o) With A, X, 6,3, trumps, third hand,
play A, return K. (b) With A, 10, 5, trumps,
third hand, play A, return 10.
7. (a) Q, 10, 4, 3. third hand, play 3 on 8
led. (&) Q, 10, 4, 3, third hand, play Q on 7 j
led.
8. (a) When he takes a force willingly. (6) :
When he neither leads trumps nor forces you. |
9. When you hold the commanding card,
and when you hold 2 only of his suit; also re
turn an honor to pfevent blocking.
10. (a) When strength in trumps is against
you discard from strongest suit. (6) When
strength in trumps is in your favor, and ordi
narily, discard from weakest suit.
11 (o) With X, Q, 5, 4 in trumps lead Q, then
X to show 4 in suit. (6) With Q, 4, 3 in re
sponse to signal lead Q, then 4 if Q wins.
12. (a) If partner led A, then 9, he should
have left Q, 10, and one or more low or J, 10, j
and one or more low. (&) If partner led Jhe
should have both X and Q, and at least two
lower, or if A forced lead two lower.
13. The playing of two hands as one.
A DEAL AT WHIST.
The following deal Is from John T.
Mitchell of duplicate whist fame. It is
very interesting, as there was a variation
. NEW TO-DAY.
O__Lt__ SACHET
r nLL powder.
®S\WII////M-WMa fSSQ_» To more widely popularize
' America's Leading Corset" the
ira' '"•■^2WlWs"^-^ © makers will send dainty and
<>^^f^__ltf_£ ©TFI_X elegant perfumes FREE • of
clu "'S e from the followin S as *
vM^Akw^^^^P"^^' sortment: Heliotrope, Jockey
V. WmM^llfflSETC elegant perfumes Violet, Steph.
Vc^\Lr- char S e from the followin S a -
LLAIJifIIJ sortment: Heliotrope, Jockey
//f fIDQFTC clvb ' White Rose> Violet ' steph -
j^^ltivjl- I J anotis and Lavender.
A J^^rC w.b. corsets j Simply send name and ad-
-1 \_ffl\ —i/ ado beauty and | dress, with 2-cent stamp to pay
• Vi NH grace to any va- I " » . * tr . J
l\ w ~~B) riety of figure and ! postage.
V. Ai tL can be had as east- j * ° ____
"■ \ iK >Yl' ly as the awkward, i
_^.> \\ uncomfortable j
3fc-_&__s_Ss»X kind. Made with 11/ D r^DCCTC
<^g||3&gs£\ 4 5 and 6 hook W . t>, CU K^ 1
r "i '_\Viif«r/^ short, medium,
• 28&3 = f J ay longwaists. iionQrimoni '•&
mf? ■ J g____T Pri a i'r sl t0 $1 ° 1/Cpdlllll6lll A,
• mmM^S "^vfaiHieaiers. if i 2 SUTTER ST., San Francisco.
Mji Wr^M'M\¥ ( y° ur dealer does ' ■
m^m^r. not^p t_ 9 m Or 62 Walker ST., New York.
of seven tricks between the scores made
on it at table 1 and table 2in a two-table
duplicate match. The lead from each ta
ble was the same — four of hearts:
From John T. Mitchell.
FOR FREE SILVER.
Anticipating the Withdrawal of Itf
Champions From the Convention,
The following letter is self-explanatory:
San Fkancipco, Cal., June 13, 1896.
Hon. Fred T. Dußois, Republican Rational
Convention, St. Louis, Mo.— Dear Sir: In case
of withdrawal of the free silver men from the
Republican National Convention they shouhl
take prompt and decisive action by the Im
mediate nomination oi Senator Teller or some
other well-known champion of the white
metal. With Teller as our candidate we can
carry the Pacific and North Mi«sissii>pi States,
and, if necessary, throw the election of
President into the House of Representatives.
This would insure his election, for he would
divide the Republican Congressmen into two
bodies, known as the "free silver caucus" and
the "gold standard caucus," and after a limited
number of ballots had been taken on party
line* in the House of Representatives he
would be elected President.
Two-thirds of the States in the Union are
free silver in sentiment and their Representa
tives dare not sell their constituencies into ■ in
dustrial slavery. Give us Teller immediately
so we can forthwith organize Teller clubs ia
every precinct where the free silver senti
ment exists. Delays are dangerous and un
necessary.
In this State nine men out of every ten want
to vote for the free coinage of silver in some
form or other, notwithstanding the repre
sentations of the gold standard men to the
contrary. Immigrant laborers from silver
using nations work here and by sending their
earnings fn silver to their own country get
twice as much for their labor as our own work
men; and silver-using countries get twice aa
much for their cereals as the producers of our
own country. This means a condition worse
than chattel slavery for our own people. Very
respectfully yours, Alva Udell, Secretary.