VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 90.
CAN THE SPANISH
CONQUER CUBA?
In Ringing Words Senator
Vest Answers in the
Negative.
MUST GIVE UP THE CUB.
Spain Classed as a Toothless
Old Wolf at the Cave of
Despotism.
BELLIGERENT EIGHTS XJKGED.
Congress on the Verge of Recognizing
the Patriots Who Struggle for
Freedom.
. WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb.. 27.— The
cause of Cuban independence had strong
advocacy and support in the Senate to-day
in a speech of fervid and impassioned
eloquence' delivered by . Senator Vest of
Missouri. ' _ He spoke of Spain as a tooth
less old. wolf, sittinc at the door of the
cave of. despotism and grinning at the
■ procession of free republics; denounced
the declaration of Captain-General Weyler.
ami/asked whether. the Senate should sit
si-len^ ami dumb while the Cubans were
butchered into subjection to the Spanish
■.Queftn.; : . '' NtT^
• - " "if we do," be said. "God will curse us.
The. tirne : wi'll. come when there will be a
retribution upon us as a people because
we have not cherisned the legacy of self
government "bequeathed 10 us by our
. father?." --^«
White (D.) of California, continued the
speech" begun by .him yesterday, contend
ing that the question of the recognition of
■ Cuban belligerency or Cuban independ
.• ence was one solely within the functions
pi; the executive department of the .Gov
ernment, and that Congress had no right
• • 'to impose its. will- 'upon the President in
. such a matter. White said he did not be
lieve! that the Cubans had achieved in
dependence and" he would not vote that to
be a fact which he did not know to be a
• f;vct.' - ■ •
Vest asked what would nave oecome of
' the struggle for American independence if
Franc. acted on the principle- advo
cated 'by the Senator from California. 1
•The Amcrk-an people would- have to-day
been ' "KiigJJsft-*-!" objects instead of being*
/ tree citizens of a free country. France;
.during the struggle, had . recognized, the
•ihaependence of the United States; and
had gone further than any other country
had ever gone 'on a like case — except from
self-inlerest. When he heard last Satur
- day the farewell address of the fattier of
his' country read by the President pro tern.
of "the Senate he was struck with the argu
ment-which Washington felt himself"com
pelled to make in defense of his proclama
tion of neutrality in 1788. In all the life
of that great roan there had been no
episode more Btartliug and interesting
than the issuance .■:' that proclamation of
neutrality declaring that the people of the
"Tnited States would remain neutral in the
s:ruggle between France and the com
bined armies of Europe.
"France, 1 " Vest continued, "witn a dis
interestedness which has put a debt of un
dyiue gratitude upon us and our children,
had sent her armies and rleets to help us
in our struggle with England. But when
Tiie continental armies combined against
France, when the soldiers of France nad
marched across the Continent fighting a
Wor] i in arm?, with a flag on which was
inscribed, 'Death to tyranny and 'liberty
to ajl. 1 Washington refused to give a.
dollar '<.*■ send :i man to assist our former
allies, although England headed the com
bination against republican France.
Washington was right; and his ereatness
was never so much demonstrated as when
■ nd ajainst popular clamor in the
United States and declared that we
never could c nfe!y vary from the great
di rtrine of absolute neutrality in tiie
aftairs and wars of Europe.
'Lf we mean to stanl by these people in
(ha, who are imitating us and are en
deavoring to make a Government for
themselves, we must nelp them in their
hour of need. I do not go so far as to say
ttiat we should do so by arms, That is
not advocated by any one in Oils chamber
or out of it. We can at least do it by
stating to the world that we believe the
attempt of this monarchy of Spain to sup
press the insurrection— the attempt to
form a republic in the Island of Cuba— is
absolutely hopeless and helpless, as I
believe under God it is to-day. Never will
come an hour when Spain can reassert her
dominion over the Island of Cuba. It is
impossible for her to do it. I take the
great teachings of history and experience.
"The course of Spain on this continent
i« marked with blood. There was a time
when Spanish dominion extended from
the southern limits of theil»ited States to
ttie most southerly po)/t of South
America. No American can ever forget
those burning pages of Prescott which
described the conquest of Mexico anil
Peru, when the Spaniards, with the lust of
gold and the lust of Dlood. marked their
terrible pathway across those countries.
Of all that va^t dominion, won by hlood,
won through torture and fire, there remains
to-day to that toothless old wolf the single
i-.;md of Cuba; and Spain to-day, like
Giant Despair, in that wonderful picture of
Bonyati's/sita almost helpless at the door
uf the dark cave of despotism, and grins
with impotent ra*re at the procession of
splendid republics that march on in the
I'rogress of civilization and the future.
"Mr. President, that wolf can never re
tain that single cub. Never can Spain
1.0.d tue island of Cuba after she has lost
all these South Amcriean provinces."
'■ray a^ked V- st 'whether there was any
remedy for the Cubans except through the
United States going to war with Spain.
' 1 iie Senator from Delaware," Vest re
marked, "assumes that the Cubans cannot
acnieve independence for themselves. "
"I have not said that,' 1 Gray replied. "I
believe that Cuba can achieve independ
The San Francisco Call.
ence. But whether she has done so or not
is a matter of fact."
"The question," Vest went on, "is not
whether Cuba has achieved her independ
ence. The question is Can Spain conquer
Cuba? Can Spain continue to hold Cuba
as a province? 1 deny it. I say that the
ten long years of successful resistance to
Spain by Cuba shows that Cuba to-day has
the power to and will maintain successful
resistance. This thing a year ago was what
the French call an emeute— a mere handful
oi men called brigands on the east coast,
some of whom were hung as pirates
— hostes humani generis — to-day it is an
insurrection. Every Cuban is a patriot.
The Cubans have given up homes, fami
lies, everything, through th 9 hope of lib
erty. Tell me that a people like that can
be conquered. Ne?er, never, never will
they be again willing subjects to the throne
of Spain."
Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky— What pro
portion, if any, of the people of Cuba are
in sympathy with Spain?
Vest— Xone. Even from the Spanish
pres3 i:i Cuba, under the espionage of the
Sranish authorities, it can be proved that
every Cnban is in sympathy with the
patriotic endeavor 10 achieve indepen
dence and self-government for that island.
No instance can be found in which a mil
lion and a half of people, combined and
confederated so unanimously as they are,
has ever been subjugated except by ex
termination. What American boy does
not remember the burning oration of
Henry Clay, when he spoke Greece in 1824,
and when he predicted that so long as
Thermopylae and Marathon were remem
bered, no Greek would lay down his arms
before the Turkish power? We are told
that these Cuban insurgents are negroes,
nluiattoes, Indians. So much the more
reason why we should sympathize with
them and sa3': "God help them in their
dire extremity."
Liberty lives with the poor and op
pressed, not with the wealthy and power
ful. It throbs in the breast of the im
prisoned bird; it has gone with the mar
tyr to the stake and has taken its flight
With his soul to God. Liberty cannot be
extinguished when the people are unan
imous in defense of the rights which God
has given them. And if these people,
ignorant and poor, struggling against des
potism, have imitated us should we con
tent ourselves with a bare exposition of
sympathy with their cause? It is a mere
farce for us to do anything else than to de
clare our belief to the world that tbe
Spanish cause is hopeless in the island of
Cuba. I deny and repudiate the doctrine
that all vestige of Spanish, power must be
eliminated from Cuba before we can recog
nize the independence of that people.
Are we to wait until the island is made
desolate by fire and sword? Are we to
stand silent and dumb while a Spanish
Governor — called a general — declares his
intention to bayonet the people of Cuba
and to butcher them into subjection to
the Spanish Queen? I say that if we do
God will curse ut. I say that if wo do,
and sit here idle until a desert has been
made in that splendid island, we may be
sure tlutt the time will come when there
will De reiributiop. upon us a pe»i»'e be
cause we iiavfl not been true to the task
assigned U9 by providence, because we
have not cherished the legacy of self
government bequeathed to us by our
fathers.
Vest's splendid rnetoric was listened to
with rapt attention and creat admiration
by a full Senate and crowded galleries, and
his peroration was applaude 1 on all sides.
He was followed by Gray (D.) of Dela
ware, wno complimented him with the re
mark that if the independence of Cuba
could be achieved by eloquence it had
been achieved by the burning words that
had fallen from the lips of the Senator
from Missouri. . No one could have heard
them, he said, withont sympathizing with
the feeling with which the Senator's heart
was throbbing, aird without giving favora
ble response to every aspiration which he
had uttered for that unhappy island.
Gray went on to argue the futility of
I declaring Cuban independence when
every Senator knew that the struggle for
it had not yet succeeded.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts gave notice
that he would offer as a substitute for the
pending resolution the resolutions re
ported in the House from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The Cuban debate is to be continued to
morrow. Senator Sherman of Ohio being
one of those present tc take part in it.
The voting on the resolution and amend
ments is to begin at 4 o'clock p. m.
THE HOUSE OX THE VF.ItG E.
! Uitt Almost Secured a /.'■ <• </" >'!•■>> of
Cuban ltight*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
| House ot Representatives to-day was on
: the verge of declaring it to be tKe sense of
I Congress that the Government of the
United -States should recognize the bellig
erency of the revolutionists in Cut>a,
maintain an attitude of neutrality be
tween them and tlie Spanish Government,
tender its pood offices to secure Cuban md
"i endencp and to intervene in the con
flict progressing on that island if neces
j sary to protect legitimate American inter
jests there. Jiut the objection of Eoutelle
(K.) of Maine prevented the ereat major
ity of the House from carrying out its de
sire and the matter has gone over until
later.
Hitt (R.) of Illinois reported the resolu
tions relative to Cuba. They recite that
in the opinion of Congress a state of public
war existed in Cuba, the parties to which
are entitled to recognition as belligerents
and between which the United States
I should maintain an attitude ol neutrality;
! that Congress deplores the destruction of
■property in .Cuba consequent upon the
! continuance of the war; that Cuba should
have a government of the choice of its
i people and that it is the sense of Coneress
j that the Government of the United States
I should use its good offices and friendly in
! flue nee to bring this about; that because
i of the close proximity of Cuba the war en
tails such a loss upon American interests
, as to demand protection of them, and that
j thi3 Government should intervene if
j necessary, and pledging the support of
' Congress to the President, in carrying out
! these resolutions.
The reading of the resolutions was Jibe.r
--1 ally punctuated with applause.
An effort was made by Meredith (D.) of
I Virginia to secure unanimous consider
ation and passage of the resolutions, .but
i McCall (R.) of Massachusetts objected,
; and Hitt staged that he was instructed to
i ask consideration at the earliest possible
■ moment.
When the rush for the cloakrooms, just
■ preceding adjournment, was begun at 5
! o'clock it was stopped by an unlooked-for
j incident. Hitt, chairman of the Commit-
I tee on Foreign Affairs, standing in the
SAN FRANCISCO,* FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
Miss Democracy — "What's the use of leap year? I always get left."
centrr aisle, in a ringing voice that com
manded instant attention, said:
"This afternoon I reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a series of
resolutions. Since thin many gentlemen
have expressed a desire to vote upon them
now. Pursuant to this request and in
obedience to an instruction from the com
ruitreo to secure the earliest possible*
action upon them, I now asR unanimous
consent that they be taken up for action.
[Applause.] Ido not suppose it is neces
sary to make a speech upon them. The
resolutions are so brief, so plain, so sim
ple, upon a subject with which every one
in America is familiar, that there remains
nothing more to do than to vote upon
them." [Cries of "Vote."]
McCall (R.) of Massachusetts, who ob
jected to the present consideration when
the resolutions were reported, was on his
feet directly in front of Hitt. Boutelle,
who protested against the sudden action
of the House in the passage of a bill ap
pointing the Venezuelan .Boundary Com
mission, and Bailey of Texas all de
manded recognition. The latter was for
tunate enougn to catch the Speaker's eye
and said :
"If a separate vote can be had on
the resolutions, I do not know that I
snail object. The hist resolution, as I re
member it, pledges the support of Con
gress to the President in carrying out the
previous resolutions. I think that should
receive sufficient consideration."
Hitt — That resolution, I may say, was
added to the original draft &i the request
of some niem,bers who may not now care
to press it, and a separate vote, I doubt
not, can be had on it.
The resolutions were read by the clerk
and again a wave of applause swept over
the chamber. Mr. Boutelle with much
earnestness addressed tbe House.
"These resolutions, a 9 I understand," j
he s:iid, "grant belligerent rights to the
revolutionists in Cuba. This may invoive j
the United States in a w,ar with Spainr, J
and 1 must object to action now in the i
absence of a word of explanation from the ,
committee. I want to know what infor- \
mation was before them when they agreed
to recommend the passage of the resolu
tions to see if it warrants me, as a citizen,
as a patriot, as a member of this House-?
in approving their action, when the result
maybe to embroil my country in a war
with a nation with which we are at peace."
Hitt^Will the gentleman permit the
House to consider the resolutions after an j
explanation?
lioutelle — Why, Mr. Speaker, it is now !
5 o'clock, and it is impossible at thi« hour j
to enter upon the consideration of this
momentous question in a manner com
mensurate with its great— its vast im
portance. Gentlemen about me, not all of
them I must say, are upging aciion ; but I
must insist that we give it at least decent
deliberation. I object.
The Speaker — Objection is made.
Hitt— The reciuest for present considera
tion was made in view of the statements
by many members that all the Republi- !
cans on the floor were ready and desirous '
of voting upon the matter, of which they
were fuily informed. I have no desire to
force the matter upon the attention of the
House at an inopportune time or over the
opposition of any gentleman, and will
Withdraw the request.
This ended the matter, and with a sigh
of disappointment many members voted
"aye" and none "no" on the motion by
Dingley (R.) of Maine, at 5:05 o'clock, that
the House adjourn until to-morrow.
TRIAL OF I I I.IUI S THUS.
There Are Two Understanding a of . a
"Military Expedition."
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 27.-When
the trial of J. H. Wiberg, Jans B. Petersen
and 11. Johansen,. the late captain, first
mate and , second mate, respectively, of
the steamer Horsa.who are _; charged with
engaging in a Cuban filibustering ; expedi
tion, was resumed in the United States
District Court to-day, Assistant . District
Continued on Second Page.
GOEBEL'S BILL
MEETS DEFEAT.
Huntington's Lobby Wins a
Victory in Kentucky's
Senate.
IS AT LAST VOTED ON.
Only Eight Members Are in Favor
of Repealing the Southern
Pacific Charter. '
ARE HELPED BY DR. HUNTER.
■
Now the Helpers of the Railroad Mag
nate Are Expected to Reward
Him by Election.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 27.-This was !
a "red-letter" day for Huntinston and his j
crowd in the Kentucky Senate. Their
fight was a victory that was not only a sur
prise to their enemies, but greater than
they themselves had hoped for. It was
the triumph of a miehty monopoly, with
all its forces and powers in full and hearty |
play, against right and justice and the !
liberty of the people. To the combined
lobbies of all the large interests that have j
been before the Legislature during this
session, together with several State offi- j
cials and X)r. Hunter, who did much to j
swing the Republican vote into line, are
attributed the victory.
It was a gallant light put up by Senator
Goebel against the giant corporation,
which confronted him with the most pow
erful combination that has been in Frank
fort since the attempt in 1887 by this com
pany to repeal the law providing for the
Kentucky Railroad Commission, which
they were able to pass through the riouse,
but failed in the Senate. The L. and N.
and C. O. and S. W. lobbies were active
against the bill, and they are to-night
glorifying with Huntington and his crowd.
The bill came up before the Senate at 3
o'clock under special order, and the de
bate was continued until 5:35, when a vote
was cast. Senator Weissinger of Louisville !
was the lirst speaker against the repeal. !
He spoke at length on the legal phase of i
the question and took the ground that it ■
would be an act of bad faith on the part of :
the State to repeal the charter. It would !
be the greatest crime ever committed by I
the State of Kentucky, he declßred, and
would shake the contidence in our Amer
ican securities and our stocks all over
Europe. He said it was possible to get a
similar charter from any county court in J
the State and there was nothing unjust in i
granting a railroad charter. There were
similar and numerous other grants by
Congress and naught to contrary vas
said. Why could not Huntington, Hop
kins, Crocker and Stanford have purchased
the nine lines of roads as they had other
roads? Did any one suppose that the
charter allowed the Southern Pacific to co
to California and do business except in
conformity with the laws of California?
The repeal of the charter would disgrace
'. the State of Kentucky and throw property
i into confusion. It wouid scare off foreign
speculation and be the height of injustice
and rashness to repeal the charter, and
would wave the red flag of anarchy across
to England. He said the California people
had nor come with a memorial to this Leg
islature and appealed to reason apd justice,
if they were oppressed by this company,
but had used the comical cartoon and val
entine, which he displayed, picturing
Huntington as a grasping shark with his
power of money. Was this serious? he
asked. He did not believe the Legislature
couid be bougnt.
Senator C. C. McCord followed Stnfitor
Weissinger and spoke in favor of the Goe
bel repeal bill. He said that in the outset
the Southern Pacific road was subject to
the laws of California. The capital stQck
was to be $1,000,000, but they went to Cali
fornia and increased it to $170,000,000, and
at that time they operated 3700 miles of
road, all consolidated.
All the road except 1000 miles was owned
by them. The total amount paid into the
road was only $1,000,000. They shut out
competition. The Railroad Commission
tried to reeulate charges but were en
joined and thus bound hand and foot.
Meanwhile the people are paying what
ever rates the company may fix— rates
higher than on any other road in this
country. There are only ninety-two per
sons owning Southern Pacific stock and
the whole people of California, at the
irercy of this grasping monopoly, paying
tribute to its demands, are here asking in
good faith from the Legislature of this
grand old commonwealth, whose people
love law and justice, for relief. The
builders of the road owned all the stock.
A repeal bill would not injure any one; it
would simply put them back where they
were before the consolidation took place.
Senator McCfiord closed with an earnest
appeal for the passage of the bill. Sena
tor McCaord was a member of the Ken
tucky Railroad Commission during the
past four years.
Senator C. J. Bronston proved one of the
strongest advocates against the bill. He
said these men would have formed this
company and built the road even if Ken
tucky had not granted the charter. The
.people of California could ship fruit
cheaper than the people of Florida. He
spoke glowingly of the luscious fruit —
fruit that was enjoyed. How could the
repeal of the charter prevent them from
operating under one system? It was a
convenience. Why could not the Califor
nia people pass a similar bill to the Goebel
bill? he asked.
Referring to the charge that the Rail
road Commission in California had been
elected in the interest of Huntington,
Bronston grew very fiery and shouted :
'•What an insult to the intelligence of the
people of California!" The quagmire of
politics had not descended to the election
of such officials by bribery, nor had such
been done, in his opinion.
He held up with scorn the cartoons that
had been sent to members as disgraceful
literature and was beneath his notice. He
closed by an earnest appeal to stand by
the charter until both sides could be heard
through the courts. Bronston explained
that he did not champion Huntington.
A fow minutes intervened before Senator
Goebel arose. He said he had endeavored
to present the matter dispassionately and
tried not to reflect on any one connected
with the Southern Pacific road. The peo
ple of California did not ask aid, but to re
move the very yoke from their necks which
was nxed there by the instrument passed
In 1884, which now disgraced the statute
books of Kentucky. The fact that they
came 2500 miles to get the charter was evi
dence of fraud. When he presented this
question to the Senate he did not know
that the stock of the original companies
was useless until the united Pacific stock
is canceled and surrendered.
The charter was a device to escape
the laws of the several States in whicn the
road runs. "When all competition was de
stroyed the burdens became so ereat tdut
the people were compelled to build lines
of their own. This they were doing now.
It wasfoolish to say that the California
people did not want the charter repealed.
He had received letters from the well and
sick men, women and children, outside
of party lines.
There was no dispute about the conflict
in California. They were crying out for
relief and demanding the repeal of the
charter. The road had secured a power
ful lobby — the largest ever seen here since
1888— to try to defeat the bill. It was a
remnant ol the charter-selling period
wiped out by the new constitution. It had
teen nine years since the charter was
passed, and still the road paid no taxes.
Senator Goebel closed by an appeal to
Senators to wipe from the statute book
this unjust and oppressive act, and relieve
the people of this burden inflicted on the
California people by Kentucky's sanction.
The ayes and noes were demanded and
the vote for the bill resulted: For the
Goebel repeal bili. Senators Bowling,
Clark, Goebel, Hissem. James S. Lay, Mc-
Chord. Rum mans, Sims — 8.
Senators Elliston and Brown and Elmore
and Ogilvie were paired.
Those 1 who voted against the bill were:
Bennett, Bronston, Carpenter, Deboe, Din
gus, Fulton, Gross, Hays, Hayword, Hol
loway, James, Jones, Landes, J. C. Lay, C.
B. Martin, H. L. Martin, Nell, Noe. Petrie,
Balhers, Smith. Stege, Stephenson, Taylor,
Walton, Weissinger — 26.
Senator Goebel said to The Call corre
spondent to-night:
"We had an uphill fight against a most
powerful corporation, and it is a victory
for the lobbyists who have worked against
the bill with ceaseless industry. Promi
nent State officials and a candidate for
Senator took an active hand in the fight
and did much to defeat the measure. We
can take no other steps; the bill has been
killed and there is no way to revive it.
They had the most splendid lobby and
powerful inHuence at work that has ever
been ai Frankfort."
Senator Hays and his lieutenants are in
high glee over their success in the defeat
of the measure.
JEXIfL4IA'EI> H\ MR. STUBBS.
The Southern l'aeiflc, Ilf Snyt, la A.buaed
hy the Shippers .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— J. C.
Stubbs, third vic-president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, appeared
before the House Committee on Pacific
Railroads to-daj-. He had had charge of
the traffic of the Southern and Central Pa
cific roads for twenty-five years. It had
not been the intention of his people to in
troduce testimony before the committee
and he did not come to "Washington for
that purpose. Bur, being here, it was
thought advisable, in view of some of the
statements and charges made, to say
something regarding them.
He referred particularly to the state
ments whicn characterized the Southern
and Central Pacific roads as "oppressive,"
and that they discriminate against the
Union Pacific and diverted traffic from the
Central Pacific. It seemed to be the im
pression in some quartern that these com
panies held in their power all the traffic in
California.
Referring to the competition of water
transportation in California, he said the
waterways were open all the year round
arid formed a competition not to be found
elsewhere in the United States." In this
connection he compared the northern and
aft'lther'* sectfor. . ■ r 'J^a btp te, by cp*HiHe-°
shWing-wbit;Ui^tiJoi3tic«(J f tine value- Hi
real estate and the - cost •of • transporting
grain, the principal product of the State,.
to export points. The products of the
vino and orchard he \ said were all mar
keted east of the Rocky Mountains, and
local rates had . little or no effect upon
them.
Referring to legislation affecting rail
roads, hje read from the constitution of
California the paragraphs defining the
powers and duties of the Board of Rail
road Commissioners. The powers granted
this commission' were unique. It was
made its duty to establish rates and pro
hibit discrimination and have complete
control of the rates of roads. The com
panies obeyed the dictates of these Com
missioners.
Mr. Stubbs was asked how it was that
nearly every member of Congress claimed
that these roads are extortionate, etc.
Mr. Stubbs said he thought it was due to
ignorance. Thirty-four per cent of the
railroad milage in California, he said, was
entire!}' independent and in no way under
the control of the Union or Central Pacific
systems. The rates, however, on the (36
per cent under the Central and Southern
Pacific were lower than the 34 per cent not
under their control. The Central and
Southern Pacific systems included some
thirty-seven roads. If the roads were sep
arated the rates would necessarily be
higher.
Replying to a question by Sulzer of New
York he denied flatly and emphatically
the statements that freight was being
diverted by the Southern Pacific from the
Central Pacific and being carried to New
York and points East cheaper by the
Southern Pacific.
Traffic was not diverted, as charged, and
rates could not be fixed without the con
sent of competing and connecting lines.
There were nine .great U»*ough lines com
peting for transcontinental traffic To
these must be added sailing vessels, a great
element in competition. It had been said
that C. P. Huntington could make through
rates. This statement was ridiculous. The
rates were established by the various roads,
and it was impossible for any one road to
establish rates. Tne conditions were such
that rates must be made by concert.
It had been said that the shippers of
California were not allowed to select the
route by which they preferred to send
their goods. This, he said, was wholly
without foundation. The fact was just
the opposite. It was not the railroad that
cracked tlie whip over the shipper, but it
was the shipDer who cracked the whip
over the railroad. The roads had to use
their persuasive powers with the shippers
to get their trade.
Boatner of Louisiana asked how he ac
counted for the vehement opposition in
California and in Congress by members
from that State to any solution of this
matter except by foreclosure.
Mr. Stubbs replied that it was simply
the domination of the press, and in this
connection referred to many stories pub
lished in the San Francisco papers mak
ing charges against the roads, which he
characterized as being without foundation
whatever.
So far as passenger rates were concerned
these rates in the State of California were
the same as in any State in the United
States except perhaps New York and
Pennsylvania. The through rates from
California to the East and from the East
to California were the cneapest rates in
the world. He did not wish to be under
stood as stating that the press of Califor
nia was united against the roads. He did
not care to state why these papers were
against the roads.
The committee adjourned until Mon
day, when W. S. Pierce of the Union Pa
cific reorganization committee will be
heard.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LORD DUNRAVEN'S
NAME DROPPED
Expelled From the Honorary
Membership in Gotham's
Yacht Club.
WOULD NOT APOLOGIZE.
Nor Would He Cease Making
False Statements Concerning
His Defeat.
SOME CORRESPONDENCE PASSES
But It All Culminates in the Dis
gruntled Briton Suffering a
Great Disgrace.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.-Windham
Thomas Winuham-Quin, fourth Earl of
Dunraven and Mount Earl, better known
as the Earl of Dunraven, to-night suffered
the disgrace of being expelled from hon
orary membership in the New York Yacht
Club, the oldest organization of its kind in
America.
The action has been contemplated by the
club for some time past, but it was only
the exertion of the strongest influence by
certain members that saved his lordship
from being summarily expelled months
ago.
The action of the yacht club to-night
was taken because Lord Dun raven, they
believed, had had sufficient time to either
apologize or resign. Consequently upon
motion of Captain Cass Ledyard Lord Dun
raven was expelled from honorary mem
bership in the club by a vote of 39 to 1.
To-night's meeting had been adjourned
from two weeks ago, when the question of
Lord Dunraven's expulsion was brought
up in the form of a resolution introduced
by Captain Ledyard^ calling upon Lard
Dunraven to tender his resignation-
The meeting this evening was called to
order at 9 o'clock. Some forty yacht-owners
or voting members were present in addi
tion to about 300 regular members.
Commodore B. Of. Brown presided. The
meeting being a special one, only business
pertaining to the Dunraven question was
discussed and Secretary Oddie immedi
ately proceeded to read the different let
ters which had passed between Lord Dun
raven and members of the club. Firstlia
readDunriiven'sLnterto E. J. I'lieTpe and
th« one to George L. Rives, which were
published this afternoon.
Next was read the following communi
cation in reply to Dunraven's letter to Mr.
Jfhelps:
New York, Feb. 26, 1896.
To the Commodore of the yew York Yacht Ctvb—
Sir: Inclosed herewith will be found a com
munication from Lord Dunraven. As the com
mittee at its request was discharged at the
last meeting of ihe yacht club from further
consideration of this matter, this communica
tion is transmitted to the club for such action
as it thinks proper. The committee has ac
knowledged the receipt of tha letter and has
notified Lord Dunraven of its transmission »o
the yacht club.
They cannot submit this letter without ob
serving that Lord Dunraven misstates their
report in an important particular. B« M?l
that a diagram was "accepted by the commit
tee as mathematically proving that we did not
see the actual objects which we did >cc."
Nothing in the. report justifies this statement.
It was not denied nor doubted that we law the
discharge-hole of the bilge pump above the
surface of the water on the day before the race,
and that it was below the surface on the day
following.
The fact demonstrated by the evidenre and
foundation in the report is that the hole could
not be visible above the water when the vessel
■was on an even keel, and consequently that it
was made visible on the first day by the vessel
having a slight list to starboard, the probable
cause of which the evidence pointed out. The
apparent change in the relative position of the
vessel had been increased in the meantime.
Very resDectiully yours, Edward .1. Phelps, J.
Pierpont Morgan, William C. Whitney, A. T.
Mahan, G. L. Rives.
Then followed the reading of the ap
pended communication:
2 Norfolk St., Park Lane, W., Feb. 12, 189 H.
Dear Fir: Seeing that the Hew York Yacht
Club was to meet on the 13th to' consider the
report of the committee of inquiry appointed
on the 18th of November last, I thought it
right to inform you by cable that I had written
to Mr. Rives on the Bth inst. and to Mr. Phelps
on the 12th inst. I remain yours faithfully,
IHWRAVEX.
J. S. Oddie Esq., secretary New York Yacht
Club, New York: According to papers here
Ledyard's motion postponed pending arrival
of letters. These, in my judgment, do not af
fect terms of motion. Request leave of Rivea
Phelps to publish them here. Dinuaven.
After the reading of these communica
tions Captain L'edyard jumped to his feet
and asked the unanimous consent of the
meeting to the withdrawal of his resolu
tion of February 13 demanding Lord Dun
raven's, resignation. This was willingly
granted. Then Captain Ledyard proceeded
tn read tho fallowing resolution, preceding
it with the following remarks:
"At the last meeting of the club I intro
duced a resolution which called upon
Lord Dunraven to resign his honorary
membership of the <lub. I thought at
that time, and I believe a great many
members of the ulut» thought that that
method Of dealing with the situation —
asking him to resign instead of taking
more summary action against him— was
more in accordance with the way in which
we had been dealing with the matter up to
that time.
"I do not think there has ever been in
the mind of any member of the club, sir,
an idea that we should accept any resigna
tion by Lord Dunraven unless it was ac
companied by a full, complete and ample
apology, and at the same time a retraction
of his charges. I think, sir, that the com*
munications which we have received since
tne last meeting have put a different as
pect on the matter. Lord Dunraven by
tnese several communications has shown
that he has not accepted the result of this
inquiry.
"He is still csrping, still hedging, still
evading and still insisting that he saw
with his eyes what we all know he did
never see and what has been conclusively
proved to have been impossible.
"1 think his course has been such that it2
is due ndw to the dignity and self-respect
of this club that action should be taken
which will leave no room for doubt as to
the attitude of the club. And with that
view I shall ask the unanimous consent of
the members of the club to withdraw the.
resolution which I offered at the last meet
ing for the purpose of submitting in its
place another and different one, as follows:
" 'The Earl of Dunraven, an honorary
rucm-ber of this club, has publicly charged
foul play on the part of the Defender, in
the recent races for the America cup, of
f-uch a nature as necessarily implicate the
managing owners of the vessel.
"'The charges have been investigated
by a committee of tlie highest character,
which proceeded judicially, and before
which Lord Dunraven has appeared and
£iven his own and other testimony and
has been heard in person and by counsel.
The committee has unanimously decided
that the charge was false, that it was not
merely unproved, but was affirmatively
disproved by competent and uncontra
dicted evidence, leaving no possibility of
douht
" 'We deem it to be among the unques
tioned rules which regulate the inter
course of gentlemen that when one finds
that he has been led by mistake to cast
unjust imputations upon the character of
another, he should promptly make such
reparation as remains in his power by ac
knowledging his error, withdrawing the
imputations and explaining his regret.
Such reparation to Mr. Iselin and his
associates the Earl of Dunraven, after full
opportunity, has failed to make.
" 'It further appears from the evidence,
including Lord Dunraven's own admis
sions, that at the time of the cup races he
intentionally refrained from making the
charge fcrmally or making any protest, as
required by the rules, because it was im
possible for him to verify the charges, and
he was unwilling to take the responsibility
of maintaining it.
" 'It further appears that in print and
in pubii-c speech Lord Dunraven has !
sought to justify the making of the charge
by numerous misrepresentations of fact.
He has been forced himself to admit the
untruth of most of these, yet he stub
bornly refuses to retract the injurious in
ferences drawn from them.
'• 'The representatives of this club en
gaged in the international yacht races
with Lord Dunraven as the representative
of English yachtsmen upon the footing of
mutual confidence and honor. He hai re
quited their courtesy and confidence by
distrust and. suspicion, unfounded imputa
tions of fraud and a refusal of reparation.
" 'Lord Dunraven, by his course, has
forfeited the high esteem which led to his
election as an honorary member of this
club: therefore,
" l Eesohed, That the privileges of hon
orary membership heretofore extended to
tbe Earl of Dunraven are hereby with
drawn and that his name be removed from
the list of honorary members of the
ciub.' "
When Captain Ledyar.l concluded there
was a great outburst of applause. Some
one called for the ayes and noes and they
were so ordered.
Great surprise was expressed when the
name of Chester C. Monroe, owner of the
Orvia, was called, and he said "Xo."
Mr. Monroe's course was heartily con
demned by the members, who generally
referred to him in uncomplimentary terms.
Thus ended, so. far as the New. York
Yacht Club is concerned, this international
unpleasantness which has aroused so much
.bad feeling on both sides and excited the
yachting public of two continents for. six
months past.
" The following are th»> letters received
from Lord Dunraven and considered by
the Yacht Club this evening: *f j,-".»> ; *
Lo.vdox, 27 Norfolk street, Park Lane, )
February 1!). ]
To .1. V. 8. Oddie, Esq., Secretary— Sir:
la supplementing my cablegram and letter of
February 14, 1 wish to emphasize the fact that
my letters to Messrs. Rives End Phelps were
written and dispatched before I had Heard of
the motion of Captain Ledyard.
Without commenting upon the grounds or
terms of the motion as to the justice of which
I do not agree. I wish to say in view of the fact
that a motion of such a nature has been made
and is a matter of record. I do not desire to
remain a member of the club whatever may tie
the result of the motion. I, therefore, beg that
you will lay my resignation before the club, a
course which will probably be approved by a
•majority of the members. I remain, yours
faithfully, Dvnraven.
On February 12 Lord Dunraven ad
dressed a letter to Hon. E. J. Phelps as
follows :
Dear Mr. Phefps: The attitude of assisting
the inquiry as a witness and not as a prose
cutor, which, in the nature of the case, I had
to adopt, and which I have consistently main
tained, prevents me from presuming to accept
or reject or to criticise affirmatively or nega
tively.
I cannot admit that there was a mistake in
the observed facts, as suggested by the em
ployment of calculations, which were accepted
by the committee, as mathematically provid
ing that we did not see the actual objects,
which we did Bee. The only time .for absolute
proof or disproof of the complaint that the De
fender did not sail the race on September 7
under her measured load water line length
must have been on the day of the race.
. My conduct after the first race, and my atti
tude toward the inquiry when I offered to go
to New York, and before the inquiry when I
was present in New York, all show my belief
in that proposition— a proposition which, in
my opinion, was self-evident, and 1 think ad
mitted the evidenca by members of the cup
committee.
Feeling as I do upon this point I was unable
to adopt toward the judgment of your com
mittee the attitude wnich 1 should unhesi
tatingly .have taken had the inquiry been con
ducted at the proper time by the authority
under which I sailed, to which I made com
plaint and whose decision I was bound to ac
cept. I fully realized the difficulty of the situ
ation whicn had arisen, I think, largely
through mutual misunderstanding and on the
evidence before them I most willingly accept
the main conclusions of your committee, and
am only too glad to consider the dispute
closed. . "
I have throughout frequently stated that I
bad no charge to make against Mr: Iselin or
other owners of the Defender, and I do not
agree that he and his friends and all connect
ed with tne vessel must have been aware of it
if the Defender sailed her first race deeper
than she was measured. As this is a matter
personal to them,* I have written to those gen
tlemen to make the point perfectly clear-
There are two less important matters to
which I may briefly refer. ' I believed, and lor
the reasons given In the evidence, I think I
- was justified in believing that the owners of
the Defender knew of my complaint at the
time it was made, but I fully accept Mr. Ise-
Hn's statement, that he only became cognizan t
' of it on October 24.
I have also written to Messrs. Canfield and
Roberts admitting the error in my belief that
the vessels were ordered marked in deference
to my request made to the cup committee on
. September 7, though neither they nor any one
connected with the Valkyrie 111 understood
. that the yachts would be marked on September
8. I fully accept the statements of Messrs.
Canfie.ld and Rodders who believed they had
explained the intentions of the committee to
me. I remain, my dear Mr. Phelps, yours
truly, eaves.
On February 8 Lord Dunraven wrote to
George L. Rives, honorary secretary of
the special committee, as follows:
■ I beg to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of
, the report of the proceedings of the special
; committee of inquiry of th« New York Yacht
Club, and trust that you will express to the
S members of- the committee my appreciation of
". the courtesies and patience with which the con
duct of so difficult an Inquiry h*B been marked.
Faithfully, Punraven.
COIUJUEXT OF THE PMESB.
All the London Papers -VoJ Pleased, With
Dunraren's Course.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 27.— The Standard
will to-morrow say: It cannot be said that
Lord Dunraven's letters mark a satisfac
tory termination of a painful under
standing. His position is logically
strong; nor could he be blamed if he
positively refused to adopt the report
of the committee. Unfortunately he has
expressed himself in a manner that leaves
his attitude open to misconstruction. He
neither absolutely reasserts nor nnre
servedly withdraws his charges. It would
have been wiser if he had taken pains to
detine his present views.
The Graphic will say: -'Lord Dunra
ven's resignation is not a satisfactory end
of the dispute, but it is hard to imagine a
satisfactory one. At all events the course
he has taken is the only one he could have
taken with dignity."
The Chronicle will say: "We are sorry
that Lord Dunrayen did not adopt the
only proper course. His whole case utterly
broKe down, yet he now calmly goes over
the ground again. We are astonished and
grieved that he has not taken the course
that most gentlemen would."
TO FORFEIT FARMING LANDS.
Suit Commenced Against a Nebraska Concern
to Recover Property Worth a
Million Dollars.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 27.— Suit has been
begun at North Platte, In Lincoln County,
to declare forfeited to the State 20,000 acres
of farming land in that county now held
by aliens. The tract is controlled by what
is known as the North Platte Land and
Water Company and the original owner
was Lord Oglesby of London, England,
who in time disposed of it to Englishmen,
whose names are not known, but who re
side mainly in Kansas City. Suit is brought
under a law passed by the Legislature of
1891, which declares forfeited property
held by a corporation not incorporated un
der State* laws. Inquiry at the capital to
day shows that the company has never
been incorporated. This is the first suit
begun under the law and much interest
attaches to it. The property is valued at
a million dollars.
Jtecetrership for the B. A O.
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. 27.— A receiver
ship for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company is the absorbing topic in leading
club circles here to-night. One of the best
informed financiers in the city went so far
as to predict that John K. Cowen, presi
dent of the company, would be named re
ceiver within forty-eight hours, possibiy
to-morrow.
A Printer Cremated.
FLORENCE, N. J., Feb. 27.— Fire at 4
o'clock this morning burned out seventeen
houses, including the Western Union tele
graph office and the Central Hotel.
George Williams, a printer, was cremated.
Destroyed by Fire.
OIfAHA, Xebr., Feb. 27.— The H. F.
Cady planing-mill and the plant of the
Santa Clara Manufacturing Company were
to-nignt destroyed by fire, both being a
total loss— estimated at $50,000.
CAN THE SPANISH
CONQUQR CUBA?
Continued Jroin First Page
Attorney Ralston continued hi 3 address to
the jury. He spoke briefly and closed
with a claim that the defendants were
guilty of having violated the statute. Cap
tain Keer, the senior counsel for the de
fendants, then began argument before the
court on thirteen points presented by him
and npon which he asked the Judge to pass
in charging the jury. Captain Keer based
his argument mainly upon the construc
tion of the statute as regards a "military
expedition. " He declared that to consti
tute a military expedition there must be
an organization — infantry, cavalry or artil
lery—and that any other combination
dues not form such an expedition.
When Captain Keer had concluded,
Judge Butler announced that his (the
Judge's) interpretation of the statute,
which he expressed yesterday, had not
undergone a change. The Judge's inter
pretation of a "military expedition" is in
conflict with the views of Mr. Keer, and
his Honor amplified his remarks of yester
day by stating that he vas convinced that
by the terms of the statute Congress
meant to prohibit the fitting put of any
such expedition.
The Judge further said that he would
undertake, in his charge, to define the
terms of the act of Congress in question,
and that he would expect the jury to ac
cept the court's interpretation. A brief
argument followed between the. respective
counsel and the court over the jurisdiction
of the United States in this case, it having
been proved that the men and arms were
taken aboard the Horsa at sea and possi
bly beyond the ten-mile limit. This ques
tion was not decided.
Mr. Keer then began his address to the
jury on behalf of tbe defendants. In con
clusion the speak**- made the declaration
that Cuba would b"e free on July 4 next,
and he appealed to the jurors not to make
martyrs of the accused.
District Attorney Ingham made the clos
ing address to the jury. He reviewed the
case at length and asked for the conviction
of the defendants, certainly for the convic
tion of Captain Wiberg. At 12:2u o'clock
the court took a recess until 2 p. m.. when
Judge Butler delivered his charge to the
jury. The jury retired at 2:35 p. m. The
jury had not reached a verdict at 4 o'clock,
when the court adjourned until to-mor
row. Prior to the adjournment the jury
came in and asked the court whether all
three of the accused men could be consid
ered as officers of the Horsa. The Judge
answered in the affirmative.
MORE REI>FORCEMEXTS ARRIVE.
There Is So Limit to the Spanish Troops
Sent Over.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 27.— The steamer
Montevideo arrived to-day from Spain,
bringing 2118 troops to reinforce the army
here.
An engagement has occurred near La
Union, Province of Matanzas, between a
Government column and the forces under
Maceo and Rabi. The rebels lost four
killed and forty wounded. The troops sus
tained no loss.
The rebel leader Vega Varela has been
made a prisoner at Manzanillo.
PUERTO PADRE, Cuba, Feb. 15. via
Tampa, Fla., Feb. 27.— The military com
mander of this city, Major Ildefor.so
Navarre, died of yellow fever on thft 10th
inst. This very early appearance of yel
low fever creates anxiety in the garrison.
A band of negroes under the mulatto
commander Villaneuva on January 21
hanged Don Saturnine Fernandez, an in
offensive merchant of Bautau. His sole
crime was his loyalty to Spain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 138, 1896.
FAVORS LAND
FORTIFICATIONS
Senator Proctor Tells of the
Need of Better Coast
Defenses.
SEVEN REASONS URGED.
There Is Not Sufficient Protec
tion to the Nation Solely
by the Navy.
FOE NEW REVENUE CUTTEES.
Passage of the Army Appropriation
Bill With No Greater Delay
Than Being Read.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.-ln the
Senate to-day the subject of the &ea-coast
defenses of the country was elaborately
treated in a speech by Senator Proctor of
Vermont, in which he advocated land for
tifications in prelerence. to the creation of
a powerful navy, and it was announced
immediately that the Committee on Forti
fications now contemplated a trip to New
York to examine the defenses of that
harbor.
Bills appropriating $500,000 for two first
class revenue steamers for the Pacific
Coast, and $100,000 for a public building at
Newport News, Va., were passed. The
army appropriation bill, with no greater
delay than caused by its being read in
full, also passed. It appropriates over
|23,0C0,000 and is the fifth of the annual
appropriation bills that has passed the
Senate.
A resolution was reported from the Com
mittee on Contingent Expenses authoriz
ing the Committee on Coast Defenses to
take testimony and to visit such places as
may be necessary, which was amended so
as to limit the examination to the defenses
of New York and agreed to.
A resolution authorizing the printing of
25,000 copies of the report on the introduc
tion of reindeer into Alaska was also
agreed to.
A peculiar pension bill was taken up
and passed. It gives a pension of $40 a
month to a private citizen, Christopher
Schmidt of St. Paul, Minn., on account of
blindness resulting from a chance shot
which had struck him while passing be
fore the military ritie range at Fort Snel
iing, Minn.
Proctor (R.) of Vermont then addressed
the Senate on coast defenses. The ex
posed condition of the coast of the United
States, he said, required no proof, and the
necessity of defending it should require no
argument.
It had been stated recently by Admiral
Walker that if the English were to send
over such a naval force as they conld
spare from Europe they would have their
own way; that something of a fight might
be made for Sandy Hooic and that nothing
would prevent them from taking the whole
coast. It could safely be said that we had
reached the point where the question was
not so much whether or not we shall de
fend our coast as it is how we can best
accomplish it. Shall it be done by land
fortifications alone, by a navy alone or by
a wise combination of tne two methods?
It was fully substantiated by reason and
authority:
First— That a proper system of land de
fenses will make our great cities safe from
any naval attack.
Second — Such a system can be con
structed for a sum many times less than
the cost of a navy like the great navies of
Europe and for a sum that may reason
ably be expended.
Third — Land fortifications are much
more efficient for coast defense than a
navy and, when once constructed, are dur
able, cheaply maintained and easily
strengthened.
Fourth— The defense of our cities cannot
be left to the navy alone, however large.
Fifth— A navy that would equal the
great navies of Europe is unnecessary and
its cost makes such a navy impracticable.
Sixth— A navy quickly deteriorates and
is expensive to maintain.
Seventh— The construction of land de
fenses should always precede the building
of a navy.
Proctor went on to elucidate those sev
eral points. He gave the total cost of a
complete system of land defenses, as es
timated by the Endicott board in 1885, at
about $98,000,000. That estimate, how
ever, did not include $6,000,000 for Puget
Sound. The cost of the existing navy
would be, on the completion of vessels
now under construction, over $110,000,000.
For the sum with which we have pro
cured our navy we could have rendered
our seaports practically safe against the
combined assaults of all the navies admit
tedly superior to our own and could have
occupied the first place in the world as re
gards our fortified frontier and still have
money enough left to provide a Rood share
for the additional floating batteries and,
torpedo boats necessary.
At the close of Proctor's speech the Sen
ate bill for the construction of two first
class steam revenue cutters for service on
the Pacific Coast (to cost not to exceed
$250,000 each) was on motion of Squire
(R.) of Washington. taken from the calen
dar and passed.
The army appropriation bill was then
taken up. The bill appropriates $23,279,
--402. The bill was passed without amend
ment, fixing the number of hospital stew
ards at 100 instead of 112.
MISS AXTHOXY COMIXQ.
The Suffrage Campaign to ' last. Three
• Months.
ROCHESTER, X. V., Feb. 27.-Susan
B. AnthxJny will leave for California on
Friday morning and will be accompanied
by her secretary, Mrs. Sweet. She will
stop at Ann Arbor, Mich., as the guest of a
friend, where she will be joined by Rev.
Anna H. Shaw, who lectures at the uni
versity on the day of her arrival.
The next stop will be made at Chicago,
where Miss Gross, a wealthy society lady
who spends much time and money'in be
half of the suffragist cause, will entertain
the party. The travelers will reach San
Prancisco Saturday. March 7, and will be
the guests of Mrs. A. A. Sargent, widow of
the late ex-Minister to Berlin, and president
of the State Suffrage Association. The
work of the campaign will last three
months.
All Differences Adjusted.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27. -President
Simmons of the Panama Railroad and C.
P. Hunting ton, president of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, had a confer
ence after Mr. Huntington's return from
"Washington with regard to the recent fric
tion between the two companies. As a re
sult of it, all differences were adjusted and
harmonious relations restored.
-FO UR EFFIGIES HA JffGED.
One Way of Showing Disapproval of a
Postmaster's Appointment.
LAPEER, Mich., Feb. 27.— Four effigies
were found dangling from as many tele
graph poles when the good people of La
peer got up yesterday morning. The quar
tet were labeled: "Don M. Dickinson,"
"Elliot Stevenson," "Piel Buckeridge"
and "Irving McCarthur."
This little lynching bee was the out
growth of the furious indignation of La
peer patriots because, in their opinion, the
wrong man got the postoffice. There had
been several candidates, most of whom
had greater popular support than did the
successful man, Irvink McCarthur, who
gave up the office of Deputy Sheriff to han
dle the mails. McCarthur has lived here
only five years, and the old inhabitants
thought he was not in line for the post
office plum. Dickinson worked hard for
the appointment and McCarthur got the
olbxe.
BUXGLAR A A DEAL'S ' CRIMES.
Being Taken. Back to Denver for a Speedy
Trial.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 27.— Detective H.
E. Burlew of the Denver police arrived in
Chicago yesterday from Cleveland, having
in charge Walter E. Nadeau, who is
charged with robbery. The detective said
that on January 26 Nadeau entered the
apartments of Miss Grace Lortis, Ghost
block, Denver, while she was sick in bed
and opening her trunk took $610 and a
watch and chain. He then fled the city.
His arrest followed at, the Hollenden Ho
tel, Cleveland.
Nadeau has a bullet wound in his leg, •
which, it is said, he received in attempting
to ebcape from the police in- Los Angeles.
There he was arrested, charged with rob
bery and served a term in the California
penitentiary.
RECEIVES A DEATH BLOW
Defeat of the Resolution to Re
submit Prohibition to the
People of lowa.
It Is Expected, However, That the
Legalizing of Manufacturing
Liquors Can Be Beaten.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 27.— 1n the
House of Representatives to-day the reso
lution to submit to the people of the State
the question of making prohibition a part
of the constitution was defeated, it is
probably the death blow at constitutional
prohibition in this State, which for ten
years has had no politics except the con
tests for and against prohibition.
The matter came up to-day on a report
from the Committee on Constitutional
Amendments, recommending that the
resolution pass and naming June 3 as the
date for the special election. It was un
expected by the Prohibitionists, who had
thought arrangements had been made to
let the matter go over another day. The
Democrats all voted against resubmission.
The result was: for resubmission 52,
against 41, absent or not voting G.
The same resolution has been favorably
reported in the Senate, but will be killed
without a fight. In the House there was
no debate; it had been understood that
when it came up it should go directly to a
vote and there was no scene of any kind.
The Prohibitionists declare their leaders
are responsible for defeat by reason of al-
Jowing the matter to come up at this tirae.
They Fay they will certainly defeat a
proposition to legalize the manufacture of
liquors, which is being pushed, and claim
they can certainly do it.
Indiana I'rohibitionists.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 27.— The
Prohibition State convention to-day nomi
nated the following ticket: For Governor,
Rev. E. G. Shonz, Vigo County; Lieuten
ant-Governor, J. G. Kingsbury, Marion;
Secretary of State. J. E. Ellsworth,
Adams; Auditor of State, H. C. Hanson,
Lake;- Treasurer of State, Sylvester John
son, Marion; Attorney-General, S. M. Say
lor, Huntington; Statistician, J. E. Wood
ward, Parks; Beporter Supreme Court, V.
P. Kirk, Marshall; Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, C. W. Hodgit, Wayne.
The platform declares in favor of the
abolition of the liquor traflic, woman
suffrage, free coinage of silver, equitable
taxation of incomes and the restriction of
immigration.
-FOIt STEALING THE J\'EfTS.
Suit of the .Yetr Torfc Sun Against the
Associated I'rens.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— The Sun
has taken energetic and summary steps to
put an end to the stealing of its news by
the Chicago Associated Press.
The theft of the Sun's exclusive advance
report of the Queen's speech was chosen
as an example, and Mr. Hearst of the
Journal having informed the Sun that
its appearance in tha San Francisco
Examiner was due to its been fur
nished to that paper by the Associa
ted Press, suit was promptly insti
tuted and the papers filed in an
action to recover $100,000 damages have
just been served by the United States
Marshal on C. W. Knapp of the executive
committee of the Associated Press, Horace
White, the president, and C. S. Diehl, the
assistant general manager.
CAUSED TWO SVICirtES.
Vailure of thm Kopperl Hank* Leads to
■ §elf- Oeitruction.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 27.— failure of
the Kopperl Banks has probably caused
the suicide of a depositor besides the
supposed self-destruction of Alexander
Kopperl, the father, who. has ' not been
, heard from since his bank went to the
wall, bo his relatives claim. Isaac Besman
lost .-ill his savings, $206, in the Canal
street Bank after losing, ssoo in a bank
failure at Fargo, "N. Dak., and was almost
crazed with grief. Last Saturday he went
to Joliet to visit a friend and Tuesday
night disappeared. His host believes he
took a dose of poison before leaving his
house. '.
THREE CHIT.ItPEy BVRXXI*.
Their Mother Locked Them in the Souse
and . Went A.way, -
BALTIMORE, M»., Feb. 27.— Three
children, aged 1 -month. 2 years and 4
years, of Nelson Parkers, near, Echobeth,
were burned to death yesterday. Their
mother locked them in the house while
she went to a store. The father was chop
ping timber in the woods. The bodies of
the children were badly burned and they
were taken out of the ruins on pitchforks.
Pearl Bryan's Slayers.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 27.-In the
Police Court this morning the preliminary
hearing in the cases of Jackson and Wall
ing, accused of thfe murder of Pearl Bryan,
was continued to February 29.
Send your change of business or residence to
Crocker-Langley Directory, 215 Bush st. •
VAN HORN GETS
TARSNEY'S SEAT.
Majority Report of the Com
mittee Upheld by the
House.
BALLOTS NOT COUNTED.
But There Is Considerable Talk
Relating to Frauds at the
Election.
CORRUPTION IN KANSAS CITY.
Those Who Had a Hand in Frauds
Called Vagabonds and Unmiti
gated Scoundrels.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.-As soon
as the journal of yesterday's proceedings
was read in the House to-day the argu
ment of the contested election case of Van
Horn vs. Tarsney was resumed by Prince
(R.) of Illinois, who concluded his speech,
begun yesterday, in support of the action
and report of the majority of Elections
Committee 2. He contended that the con
testee (Tarsney) was not entitled to
further consideration in the matter be
cause of his laches in conducting his side
under the law.
At the conclusion of Prince's remarks an
agreement was reached and announced to
take a vote upon the report of the. com
mittee at 4:30 o'clock.
Long (R.) of Kansas asserted that the
ballots were not competent evidence, even
if the committee desired their recount, or
if any different result than that arrived at
by tbe committee could be reached by a
recount*
Maguire (D.) of California made the clos
ing argument for the minority of the
Elections Committee. It was based upon
the theory that under the laws of Missouri
the legal ballots could be segregated from
the illegal in a recount, and that being so,
it was the duty of the House to order the
committee to make the recount recom
mended by the minority. That recount,
if ordered, Maguire asserted, would show
that Tarsney was elected a Representative
in Congress of the Fiith District of Mis
souri.
The concluding argument of the case
was made by Johnson (E.) of Indiana,
chairman of the committee, who presented
the facts of fraudulent registration and
voting, upon which the majority cased
their finding that Van Horn had been
legally elected instead of Tarsney.
Johnson's characteristic energy and
force in public speaKing attracted to his
address the close attention of the mem
bers of the House, which was rewarded
from time to time by vigorous denuncia
tion of the frauds committed at the elec
tion in Kansas City and of those who
were engaged in them. "Characterless
vagabonds, unmitigatea scoundrels," were
specimens of the designations applied to
them.
His reference to the cause and refusal of
Registrar Owsiey to purge the lists of 4300
fraudulent names drew from Maguire the
statement that the board of revision aad
passed a resolution of thanks to Owsiey
for his labors and also in purging the list
and making practically correct returns.
"Oh, Mr. Speaker," responded Johnson,
With infinite scorn iv his voice and man
ner, "it is true there was a board of revi
sion, the members of which Owsiey ap
pointed, and it is true they passed, at his
suggestion, such a resolution. And it is
but another proof of his seouudrelism that
to absolute crime he added hypocrisy."
Turning with almost startling sudden
ness upon Maguire, he said, "I want to ask
the gentleman if he denies that fraud was
committed?"
Maguire said he did not.
Johnson — Does the gentleman deny that
Owsiey is a scoundrel? [Laughter.]"
Magure began to answer at some length,
but Johnson impatiently urged a direct
answer. Maguire said that as to whether
or not Owsiey was a scoundrel he did not
know.
Johnson (fiercely)— Well, I do. [Laugh
ter.]
A dramatic episode occurred near the
close of Johnson's speech. He was giving
the reasons why in hia opinion and bo
cause of the character of the frauds that
had been committed it was impossible to
separate the legal votes from the illegal
ones by a simple recount of ballots, which
was all the minority of the committee con
templated, and illustrating the point by a
supposititious case, easily conceivable in
the circumstances, asked the gentleman
from Ohio (Taylor) what he would do with
those ballots. "I give him five minutes to
answer," said Johnson, and unexpectedly
took his seat.
Every one turned to Taylor, who sat fac
ing Johnson some distance away and ap
parently no more expecting the challenge
than did other members. He tooK the
floor promptly, however, saying: "The
proposition of the gentleman is character
istic of his ideas of conducting debates. I
know of his method of treating other gen
tlemen and I cannot hone to escape; but I
refuse to put the same limit upon my men
tal operations that limit his mental opera
tions. And when the gentleman aeks
me a question pertinent to the discussion
and blandly offers me five minutes in
which to answer I repudiate his kindness."
[Applause.]
Johnson retorted that the eentleman
evoked applause, not from his own house
hold, but from those on the other side, and
his refusal to answer was an acknowledg
ment o! the weakness of his position.
Upon the conclusion of his remarks
Johnson moved the previous question
upon the resolution of the committee and
the substitute of the minority that the
case be reopened and the ballots counted.
The vote was taken on the substitute
and it was rejected— ayes 112, noes 164.
The Democrats and Populists supported
the substitute, together with the following
Republicans who voted against the Elec
tions Committee and the body of their
own political associates: Arnold of Penn
sylvania, Brown, Burton of Ohio, Cod
ding, Dovener, Penton, Huling, Hyde,
Kulp, Leigh ty, Parker, Pitney, Powers,'
SouthwicK, Taylor, Wellington, Wright.
The resolution declaring Robert T. Van
Horn elected and entitled to the seat was
then agreed to without division.
Burton (R.) of Missouri addressed the
chair: "Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr.
Van Horn, is present and ready to take
the oath."
The new member, amid applause from
the Republicans, was thereupon escorted
to the bar of the House by Burton, where
the oath of office was administered by
Speaker Reed.
XA VAI, OFFICERS RETIRE.
Thomas O. Self ridge *fr. Sow Becomes a
Rear- Admiral. ?'/':
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— Rear-
Admiral Charles C. Carpenter and Medical
Director Philip S. Wales, ex-surgeon
gen efal, of the navy, each celebrated their ;
birthday to-day by retiring from active
service on account of age. Commodore
Thomas 0. Selfridge Jr. , commanding the
European naval station, is promoted to
rear-admiral, through Admiral Carpen
ter's retirement, and Medical Inspector
Thomas N. Penrose becomes a medical
director through the retirement of Mr.
Wales. •
' Admiral Carpenter was born in Massa
chusetts and was appointed a midshipman
in 1850. ' His latest auty was commander
in-chief of the Asiatic naval station, from
which he has just returned.
Medical Director Wales was born in
Maryland and became an assistant sur
geon in the navy in 1858. He was one of
the first surgeons who reached President
Garfield when he was shot by Guiteau.
IXniCTMEXTS TO BE DISMISSED.
Colonel Burnside Will Be Released From
Hie Asylum.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.—Dis
trict Attorney Birney, acting under in
structions from Attorney-General Har
mon, will dismiss the indictments against
Colonel J. P. 0. Burnside, formerly dis
bursing officer of the Postoffice Depart
ment, and who has been confined in the
Government Insane Asylum- for twelve
years. Colonel Burnside was charged with
misappropriating Government funds in
his custody and was sent to the asylum as
being irresponsible for his actions in re
gard to the defalcation. This action will'
clear the way for his discharge from con
finement, if his mental condition permits.
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
President has approved the urgeut de
ficiency bill, the act granting ieave of ab
sence for one year to homestead settlera
upon the Yankton Indiau Reservation,
South Dakota, and the act amending the
act for the relief and civilization of the
Chippewa Indians in Minnesota.
The Boat Railway.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— A bill
appropriating $ r >oo,ooo to complete the
boat railway at The Dalles rapids, Oregon,
was to-day favorably reported to the Sen
ate and referred to' the Commerce Com
mittee for incorporation in the river and
harbor bill.
Violated Lottery Laws.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
Postoffice Department was to-day advised
of the arrest atTopeka, Kans., of Thomas
H. Bain, president of the American Cou
pon Company, for violating the lottery
laws.
MANHATTAN BOXING BOUTS
The Contest Between Steve O'Don
nell and Jim Dwyer
Was Exciting.
The New Jersey Pugilist Badly Bat
tered and Put Out in the
Seventh Round.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27—The
boxing bouts at the new Manhattan
Athletic Club attracted a good-sized crowd
to the gymnasium of the club to-night.
The principal attraction was the ten
round go between Steve O'Donnell and
Jim Dwyer of Elizabeth, N. J.
Tommy White of Chicago and Marty
McCue of this city furnished the opening
bout of six rounds at 125 pounds. McCue
was clearly outclassed, and the judges
agreed on White as the winner.
The next bout, of six rounds, was be
tween Paddy Purtell of Kansas City and
Joe Harmon of New York. Considerable
execution was done by both men, and, as
the judges disagreed, the referee declared
the bout a draw.
The event of the night came oil at 9:45
o'clock.
Round one— Dwyer made the pace, shoot
ing his left in with fapidity, O'Donnell
seemine to be very slow, as if awaiting hia
man. Steve landed two rights on Dwyer's
body. No great harm was done by either
in this round.
Round two — Both hit short repeatedly.
O'Donnell fought on the defensive while
Dwyer kept up ft fusilade of lefts and
rights, landing frequently, but the blows
were light.
Round three — Dwyer's right eye was
almost closed. Steve jabbed him in the
face with the left, and stopped several of
Dwyer's right drives with ease.
Round four— O'Donnell stopped most of
Dwyer's hits easily, but once in awhile
the Jersey lad Janded a left jab, and for a
time had him weak and groegy.
Round five — O'Donnell planted his left
twice in Dwyer's face and the blood flowed
from Dwyer's nose. O'Donneil hit his
man left and right and Dwyer clinched to
save himself. Dwyer was very groggy.
Round six — Dwyer was weak and stag
gering about the ring. O'Donnell landed
three heavy body blows.
Round seven— O'Donnell landed several
left chops, but Dwyer finally got in a
sharp left-handed facer which won loud
applause. O'Donnell drove his man to
the corner of the ring, where he hit him
twice with the left and then sent the rieht
across the point of the jaw. Dwyer fell on
his back and was counted out. He had to
be carried. to his corner, but soon revived.
JHTZ SIMM OSS IX JVC IF YORK.
Says Corbett Stay Xoxc Vance Attendance
Upon Him.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— Robert J.
Fitzsimmons, the champion heavy-w»igbt
pugilist of America, airived in this city
this evening. He wu accompanied by his
wife and young son and Martin Julian, his
manager, and Trainer Jack Everhart. The
party reached the Pennsylvania Railroad
station, Jersey City, at 1 o'clock, and came
to this city. The champion looks well and
has not a mark on his face to show that he
had recently battled with Maher. In re
gard to Corbett he said :
"I will not pay attention until he whips
some of the good man I have met. Mr.
Corbett kept me dancing for a couple of
Muscles, steady nerves, good appetite, result
from blood made pure by Hood's Sarsaparilla.'
This is proved by what thousands; say about
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One x rue Blood rurifier, $1; six for $5. i
: Hood's Pi lls are » he onl y P uu to take
i * *" uu . » ■ V 1. 11 with Hood's Barsaparilla
years when I wanted to get on a match
with him, and 1 will now give him a dose
of his own medicine."
Fitzsimmons will appear at Madiaon
square Garden Saturday night, but be was
unable to tell what would be his plans
after that. He stated that Maher's eyes
were all right and that Maher repeatedly
fouled him, and that he was easier for him
than he was in the first fieht.
Convention of Spiritualists.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— There
was a large attendance of spiritualist*
this morning in the concert hall of
Madison-square Garden at the second
day's session of the convention of the
National association. The chairman, Mrs.
Cora C. V. Richmond, in opening the ses
sion invoked the aid and prayers of the
dwellers in the other world beyond for
the work of the convention. The pro
gramme for the morning included brief
addresses by Mrs. Milton Rathbun, Mrs.
Dudley and Mrs. Wallace and a reading of
tests by volunteer mediums.
Suit for Condemnation.
NEW YORK, If. V., Feb. 27.— United
States District Attorney McFarlane has
brought an action for the condemnation
and seizure of the property found on the
lighter J. S. Stranahan- The action was
begun in the United States District Court
to-day. The property consists of 300 pack
ages and boxes of dynamite, gunpowder,
cartridges, etc., and i"s supposed to havo
been for shipment to the Cuban revolu
tionists.
-■^ ;■■:-. ;'. NEW TO-PAT. ' ;. f '.'.
And now ye landsmen
and tradesmen beware.
We turn loose to-day j
1000 Little Midshipmites,
cute little Suits in blue,
long trousers, as shown
above, including lanyard 1 ,
and whistle ; sizes 3 to 10
years, at : • * '
—$I£s~. ■■.'■-.
"■■y/.Oi/""" • •:'■■ )■'■., ■■■'
' . FRIDAY
ONLY. ■ .-vii
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED). . 'x{jj
THE FRISCO BOYS, >: ,-
G.II.iaiSKEARNYST
COCOA ©
FREE! I
Miners' Pure Breakfast Cocoa . v&
. FREE ALL THIS WEEK. <*)
"Drop in" and have a cup." *&
INTRODUCTORY ©
PRICES! ®
Good Only Until February 29th. Sj
Toboggan Maple Syrup, 1 gal $1 00 2x
Eastern Buckwheat, pure, 10 tt>s..... 35c " \£9
Miners' Best Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. 20c /*i
Finest Baltimore Oysters, 2- ib. tin... 18c Jg?
Western Washer, with wringer. $ 5 00 Q£
Gold Weight Pure Spices, Vi lb. 10c i*Jk
Best Table Salt, 60-1b.ba?... ......... 25c *£?
Antoninl OH, best imp0rted.......... 65c (?J
Mincing Knife, new style ■ 10c jg\
50-cent Harmonicas, each • 26c v£?
$25 Sewing Machines, each *30 00 (Si
25c Goodrich Dress Shields . ••• We jfgC
Ladies' Fine Jersey Kib Vests ........ 1 5c (JjJ
Best 9-oz. Duck Overalls '.....' 60c *S\ "•
All WaU Paper, 1896 styles, d 15...... 331 3 c
Largest Western Department !*r
Store. Catalogue free. (JjJ ..'■•■,
■ Smiths' Cash Store, • ®
414, 416, 418 front st., S.F./ (%£ '
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM ,
■-'. — : — OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
«yen,- flonrmilH, c found He* .- Unndri«s.^M^i
b*n«wv printer*, painters, S,oe fa«ort«* *£&Z
MB, Ur-rootera, tanner*. taUorm, et<s^" •* K * w#>
•nub -UanufHv t urcsrs. 6Oobaeriun«at«Si*iCABINET CHANGES
CONTEMPLATED
There Is Yet a State of Un
rest Among Factions
in Japan.
POLICY OF THE PARTIES.
So Far All Attempts to Over
throw the Ministry Have
Failed.
MARQUIS ITO'S VISIT ABROAD.
Talk of the Prestige of Great Britain
Being Impaired in the Far
East.
TOKIO, Japan, Feb. 11.— There is much
talk of important Cabinet changes in
Japan. The political party that holds the
balance of power between the Government
supporters and the opposition seems dis
posed to throw in its lot with the hitter,
now that the budget has passed. All Par
liamentary attempts to overthrow the
Ministry have hitherto been defeated by a
eeneral conviction that no obstacle should
be placed in the way of measures for in
creasing the armaments of the empire. It
was known that if the lower house adopt
ed a motion of want of confidence in the
Ministers an appeal to the coun
try would immediately be made, and
thus all legislative work would be
suspended for several months. But the
budget, with its large appropriations for
developing the army and navy, havinn
passed the representatives, a feeling of
uneasiness as to the potentialities of the
opposition and the tendencies of politi
cians hitherto neutral now begins to pre
vail. It is evident, however, that until
the budget passes the upper house, and
until both houses have approved the vari
ous measures for increased taxation with
out wnich the bn<lge* scheme would be
necessarily inoperative, no politician sin
cerely desirous of assisting the programme
of increased armaments can range himself
with the opposition. Hence there is not
likely to be any serious commotion in
political circles jus-t yet.
Marquis Ito's alleged intention of visit
ine Russia to attend the coronation of the
Czar continues to be the most discussed
event in Japan. It is natural that the
Marquis should seize a good opportunity
for bringing himself once more into close
touch withlEuropean statesmen, but there
exists a great obstacle to his departure
from Japan at this juncture, namely, the
difficulty of rinding some one to take his
place at the head of the Cabinet without
dislocating the present arrangement of
political parties. It is impossible as yet
to predict whether that difficulty will be
overcome, or whether it will compel the
Marquis to abandon his hope of a journey
westward. -'
The insurrection in the southwest of
X r-a is described by newspaper corre-
FToriclents as an attempt on the part of the
Mm faction to recover administrative
power and avenge the murder of the
Queen; But official advices indicate it to
be nothing more than a violent protest
against the ill-advised action of the Ko
rean Government in attempting to compel
the adoDtion of the Occidental fashion of
cutting the hair. So far from fomenting
the movement the heads of the Mm family
are assisting the Government to suppress
it. The Koreans, living in a chronic state
of dissatisfaction, are ready at all times to
obey the smallest impulse for breaking out
into open revolt.
For the moment an exceptional calm
reigns over the generally troubled sea of
Korean politics. The Tai Won-kun re
mains auite in his ostracism from official
dom. Perhaps the death of Lis long-time
foe, the Queen, has satisfied the heart of
the sanguinary old intriguer. The Cabi
net seems to be rirmly set. Its predomi
nating elements are of the Kin family, one
of the three great political factions in
Korea, the other two being the Li— that is
to say the King's clan — and the Mm, or
relatives of the late Queen. A Kin is now
at the head of the Cabinet and a Kin holds
the portfolio of Foreign Affairs. It is a
progressive Cabinet, friendly to Japan.
Moreover, there are no indications of Rus
sian intrigue or interference. At present
some of the American missionaries, how
ever, continue to publish very bitter things
about the Japanese, thereby vindicating to
some extent the charges originally brought
against them b\ r the latter.
The capital of Japan, already disfigured
by a network of wires spreading above the
■treets — telegraphic, telephonic and elec
tTlc-Hght wires— is about to have an over
head railway added to these disfigure
ments. Several railways now enter Tokio,
but to reach the terminus of one from that
of another necessitates a street journey by
carriage or jinrikisha. The Government
has obtained the consent of the Diet to
bring these lines into junction by means of
two central stations — one for the private,
the other for the state roads— which will
be united with the various termini and
with each other by means of an elevated
railway fifteen and a half feet above the
ground. The work will be completed in
six years at a cost of 3,500,000 yen, the
method of construction being that em
ployed in Berlin after the Franco-Russian
war, namely, brick piers spanned by iron
arches.
Some of the most influential Japanese
journals write that unless Em-land takes
steps to demonstrate her fearlessness of
Russia, the prestige of the British lion will
be impaired in *he far East. These news
papers point to Russia's recent activity,
commencing with the tripartite alliance
in the spring of last year; proceeding to a
Joan that placed the Middle Kingdom at
the mercy of the Muscovite; passing on to
Die leasing of Kiaochow Bay as a naval
station, and concluding with an attempt to
purchase from Holland an island close to
Sumatra. Through all these thing?
England has remained quiet, and the
Japanese do not yet understand that con
sciousness of strength to act effectively
when necessary may serve as sedative in
the case of a great power.
A I>e»»eratr. Strtet right.
ROME, Ga., Feb. 27. -At 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon a desperate street fight oc
curred here between V. T. Sanford and
Policeman Mulkey. Mulkey is dead, ex-
Stieriff Matthews critically and perhaps
fatally mounded. Several other spectators
were 'bit by stray bullets. One etruck a
young lady. Policeman Mulkey clubbed a
iriend of Sanford's and this caused the
ti«bt.
xot occupied hy nvssiA.
Troopa Merely Landed at Seoul to Guarrf
the I,eqation.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 27.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day George N. Curzon.
Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, stated
in reply to questions regarding the report
ed Russian occupation of Seoul, the capital
of Korea, that nothing of the kind had
occurred and that the Government was
not aware that "Russia had any intention
of occupyint: the place. A force cf 150
Russian' sailors, be said, were guarding
the Russian Legation there, in which the
King of Korea was still taking refuge.
in reply to a question from Sir Ellis
Ashmead-Bartlett, Mr. Curzon stated that
no proposals bad been mnde by any Euro
pean power that Great Britain evacuate
Egypt.
Bayard Visits Salisbury.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 27.— United States
Embassador Bayard visited the Foreign
Office this afternoon and he'd a long con
ference with Lord Salisbury. It is stated
at the United States Embassy that Embas
sador Bayard has not yet received a copy
of the British Venezuelan report prepared
by Sir Frederick Pollock.
To Wlthdratc Blackburn.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feo. 27.— A joint
caucus of the Democratic members of the
Legislature will be called within the next
day or two, to consider propositions look
ing to the withdrawal of Blackburn. There
was no change in the ballot to-da3 T .
M<ittitoba f a School Controversy.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Feb. 27.—Attor
ney-General Sifton's motion protesting
apiitist the contemplated federal inter
ference in the Manitoba school matters
\v:is carried by a vote of 31 to 7 in the
Manitoba Legislature early this morning.
AN EXTENSIVE STRIKE
Five Thousand Garment-Makers
Refuse to Work at Balti
more.
Caused by the Manufacturers Refus
ing to Recognize the Organ
ization.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Feb. 27.— One of tbe
largest labor strikes ever inaugurated in
this city is now on in earnest. Five thou
sand members of the United Garment
workers' Organization remained away
from work to-day. This general strike was
caused by the manufacturers refusing to
recognize the organization.
The clothing manufacturers claim to be
but little affected by the strike. They say
the work for the spring trade is all done,
and that a month's rest of the present
workers would not materially injure busi
ness.
The strikers spent the larger part of the
day in organizing. They appointed a
"settling" committee, consisting of tei.
members, one from each union, and will
remain ready to receive overtures from the
manufacturers. 'It is claimed by the
strikers that overtures have already been
received from four firms. Both sides are
firm and claim to be confident of success.
Directly and indirectly 20.0U0 persons are
affected by the strike.
grejlt rush for z,AKn.
Over a Thousand Hen and Women in
One Line.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 27.— Over 1100
men and women were in the line when
THE LATE FATHER FERDINAND.
the Federal Land Office opened this morn- .
ing. waiting to file papers against lands in |
the 22,000-acre tract opened for settlement |
in Northwest lowa to-day. Hundreds of i
them cam pea in the alleys ana streets
around the building the night before, and {
they formed a line at daybreak. This line j
the officers broke up before opening the !
office, and it had to be formed again; the \
advantages gained by the long waits were
Dot recognized.
The line extended from the office on the !
second lloor through the building and a !
block away on the street. It was orderly i
and there was little trouble. Nine women I
made tilings. The iirst filing was by |
Samuei Dempsey, on a quarter section, i
Nine hundred and fourteen claims were |
filed, nearly all getting their turns before |
the office closed. The hearing of co/.itest j
cases will begin to-morrow. There is an j
average of nine filings on a tract.
Trlbutea to the J.nte Admiral.
PIERCE, Nebr., Feb. 27.— The Ham
mond Hotel was packed this morning with
friends to pay their last tribute to the late
Rear-Admiral Joseph Fyffe, Rev. D. S.
Davis, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal
church, conducted the service-. Tlie cas
ket was decorated with a large American
flag and a profusion of flowers. Flags in
the city were at half-mast. Judge John
Robinson adjourned court for two hours
out of respect to the memory of the late
admiral. The remains were taken to Ur
bana, Ohio, lor burial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
ASSASSINATED
IN A MONASTERY.
The Father Superior Shot
to Death by a
Madman.
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS
A Scream of Mortal Agony That
Will Haunt the Old
Mission.
THE MURDERER'S ANTECEDENTS
Comes From a Family of Lunatics and
Had Been a Protege of
His Victim.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 27.—
Early this morning the startling rumor
Hew about town that Father Superior
Ferdinand Benimeyer of the old mission
had been fatally wounded by an assassin's
bullets. At the old mission confusion and
distress replaced its usual tranquillity for
the cruel deed had in no way been fore
shadowed.
The criminal arose this morning with
the other inmates, served mass or "Medi
tation" — as the 4:45 service is called — sat
at table with his victim, and nothing un
usual was observed in his speech or de
meanor, nor did anything occur tnat could
have in any wjiy aroused his malice.
Yet as the ased Father Superior was
climbing the stairs leading to nis bare cell
he heard a strange explosion and saw this
man, known to all the inmates of the
monastry as "Henry," who worked in the
garden and stables of the mission and
shared the devotion of the brotherhood
and privileges of their simple life, standing
a few steps above him, still clad in the
cassock he had worn at the sacred srrvice.
In quick succession four other shots
were fired, each taking effect in the old
priest's body ana calling forth a scream of
agony which will forever haunt the old
mission walls. Fatl.er Reynarius ran
from the carden, where he was watering
his flowers, and brought other brothers
from their homely task to find the head of
their order lying in a pool of blood at the
foot of the stairway.
Drs. Hall and Otto were at once sum
moned and an examination was made.
One Dullet had struck the chin, cutting
the flesh, and a second the chest at a point
near the armpit. Two penetrated the
body in the recion of the abdominal
cavity. A fifth broke the thigh a little
above the knee.
Father Ferdinand is a man of nearly 70
years and of extraordinary corpulence,
weighing 300 pounds, and this vast ac
cumulation of flesh caused the search for
the bullets to be attended with unusual
difficulty.
At noon it was stated by both physicians
that the chances of recovery were faint,
the only hope being an operation to follow
up the course of both bullets in the ab
dominal cavity and repair the injuries
done to the vital organs as far as possible.
During this operation, while the patient
j was under the influence of ether, it was
j found that the stomach was perforated,
i front and back. Both holes were stitched
I up and the channel caused by the bullet
on the right side of the cavity was iound
j to have penetrated the left lobe of the
I liver. It was impossible, on account of
the weak condition of the patient, to do
I more.
Wheh Henry finally walked out of the
j door and in the direction of the city one
i old brother followed him, not so much
; with the intention of bringing him to pun
i ishment as with the idea that the man was
in a dangerous condition and might wreak
further harm on himself and others. But
Henry merely went down to the Sheriff's
■ office, sat aimlessly about the steDS of the
j courthouse for a time, waiting for some-
I body to appear, and then betook himself
j downtown, where he found Constable Dan
Martin, and announced that he was the
! criminal who had shot one of the mission
'. fathers, and wanted to give himself up.
At the jail he wrote out his full name,
i Bernard Henry Gerhart Krusemeyer. He
yielded up the weapon, which he stated he
had boueht expressly for the purpose of
killing the old priest— a British bulldog
double -action six-shooter, thirty-eight
caliber— with all the chambers empty. To
one he stated that he had killed the old
man because he had used him brutally,
but to another, in a moment of confidence,
he weirdly explained that he was avenging
a wrong upon his sister, who died three
years ago, and who since her entrance into
the other world has been wickedly wronged
by Father Ferdinand and was being kept
by him in purgatory.
At first he seemed to glory in his deed,
but as the day wore on his elation failed
him and he shrank in fear from any allus
ion to his crime, and was afraid to com
promise himself by any further statement.
He was searched by Constable Martin
this morning and again in a more thor
ough manner by Officer Storni this after
noon, but all that was found on his person
besides a matchbox were two crucifixes
and a rosary.
He is charged with assault to murder,
but his examination will be postponed
awaiting further reports of the victim's
condition.
Krusemeyer is a man of 30, medium
height, slender, fair, with weak blue eyes
and a simple expression. Several years
ago he applied for admission to the order,
but examination of his antecedents re
sulted in the discovery that his father and
brother were in insane asylums and that
an insane taint ran in his family, and he
was refused admission.
For two years past he has made his home
at the mission, and the padres agree he
was an excellent and faithful workman.
He had been subject to insane spells last
ing for a day or two at a time, when he has
talked wildly, and on this account strong
objections have been made to permitting
him to stay there.
Father Reynurius, whom Henry declared
he hated at first sight, objected strongly
THE RT. REV. THOMAS GRACE. BISHOP OF SACRAMENTO.
to his presence, fearing some such tragedy
as this, but old Father Ferdinand, whom
he so wantonly attacked, was his especial
friend and protector, and it was due to his
intercession that the man was permitted
to stay.
The victim is a native of Westphalia,
whence Krusemeyer also came. Father
Ferdinand entered a European monastery
when a young man, and came to this
country on the same vessel with Father
Reynarius, his old colleague, in 1859.
He is Father Superior of the Sacred
Order of the Sacred Heart and all its thirty
five houses in America. He lirst came to
Santa Barbara. eleven years ago.
Krusemeyer's act is attributed to an in
sane freak and nothing but pity is felt for
him at the monastery.
Later— Father Ferdinand Bergmeyer
passed away with the setting of the sun.
Drs. Hall and Otto state that he suffered
little and died from the shock of the terri
ble injuries received at his advanced age.
Everything that the best surgical skill
could suggest was done to aid him, but he
was beyond the reach of surgery from the
first. When the surgeons first reached his
side he was perfectly calm and composed.
He spoke with sorrow of the man who
had committed the dastardly act, saying
that they had always known that he was
mentally unsound, but that he had never
considered him at all dangerous, and
Henry had looked upon him as his best
friend. He could not sufficiently express
his surprise at the savage attack, which
took him totally unawares, but expressed
his conviction that it was due to the wild
momentary impulse of a mad man.
As an orator and scholar Father Ferdi
nand had no superior in his order and his
kindly disposition endeared him to all his
associates and parishioners.
STRUCK OIL AT COALINGA
The New District About Eighty
Miles Southwest From
Fresno.
Much Excitement in the Town and
Hundreds of Acres of Land
Being Leased.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 27.— At Coalinga
this morning oil was struck at a depth of
310 feet and flows ten barrels per day. It
will be bored deeper. Extensive work is
being carried on there by ji company from
the East, together with parties from this
county. Three 8-inch wells are being
bored and it is the intention to put them
down 1000 feet unless oil is reached sooner.
The oil flowing from the well is of excel
lent quality, and parties arriving from
there to-day report much excitement and
that the town has been platted. This dis
trict lies eighty miles south"west from
Fresno, at the oase of the Coast Range.
Hundreds of acres of land in the vicinity
have been leased for oil-boring purposes.
Another Wolf in th« fold.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 28. — Harry
Coombe, an employe of Kurd & Hill, com
mission merchants, prominent in church
and Christian Endeavor affairs in this city,
has absconded, being short in his account's.
He deserted a wife and several children in
England, and has a wife and one child in
this city.
Cicero Rounds JHes at VaUejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 27. — Cicero
Rounds, a resident of Vallejo since 1853,
died here early this morning of a compli
cation of diseases and will be buried Sun
day.
SACRAMENTO'S
NEW BISHOP
Rev. Father Thomas Grace
Is Notified of His
Appointment.
A POPULAR SELECTION.
Members of His Flock and Others
Express Their Gratifi
cation.
HIS WORK IN THE PRIESTHOOD
Has Labored for Many Years in Vari
ous Fields on the Pacific
Coast.
IPSACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 27.— Rev"
Thomas Grace, who has been for several
years in charge of this parish, and has
managed the Sacramento diocese since the
death of Bishop Manogue a year ago. was
to-night officially informed of his appoint
ment to the bishopric.
Several friends of Father Grace called
to-night to congratulate him on his good
fortune, and to express their gratification
at his appointment to such an important
post of honor in the church which he
represents. Father Grace received the
Dews with his accustomed modesty.
While fully appreciating the high honor
which the spiritual head of the Catholic
church has conferred upon him, he has a
keen realization of the heavy responsibil
ity it entails. As a matter of fact, he was
not desirous of being promoted to the
bishopric, but like a good soldier he stood
ready to do the bidding of his superiors.
The official notice of his appointment
will be received with great satisfaction by
the members of his flock, and even outside
of Catholic circles.
Bishop Grace was born in County Wex
ford. Ireland, in 1842. He received his
earlier education in the private schools of
his native place, then at St. Peter's, Wex
ford, and afterward became a student at
All Hallows College in Dublin.
He was ordained to the priesthood in
1867, and in September of that year came
to California. His father, James Grace,
was of Norman extraction, being a de
scendant of the famous Raymond Le Gros
of the twelfth century.
Father Grace's first pastorate in this
State was at Red Bluff, Tehama County.
He built the Convent of Mercy there and
was subsequently stationed at Grass Val
ley and. later at Marysville. He came to
Sacramento in 1881 and succeeded Rev.
Father McSweeny, now of Oakland, in
charge of St. Rose's parish.
SAUSALITO FISHERMEN FIX Elf.
it Coat Four Italians $20 Each for Sell'
itiff Without Licente.
SAXJSALITO, Cat,., Feb. 27.— The Fish
Commissioners have been at work here
this week and as a result four Italian
fishermen were compelled to pay fines of
$20 each for selling fish without a license.
The Italians have been doing consider
able business in this line lately and it
came to the attention of the Commis
sioners, who immediately proceeded to
capture them. They came to Sausalito
and hired the swift launch Rustler and
and went out after the men. The Italians
did not understand the meaning of so
much excitement until they were threat
ened with arrest. The Commissioners
carefully explained their cause of com
plaint, but the men seemed to consider it
a joke.
When the officers demanded a fine of $20
the men lost all control of the English
language and refused to understand a
word that was said. At last the officers
pulled out some legal documents which
seemed to have the desired effect, for the
fishermen drew out their well-rilled purses
and paiti the shining twenties over to the
Fish Commissioners, who departed after
giving decided instructions for the Italians
to follow in the future.
SAX RAFAEL'S 3f ISSISQ MAD.
Buchanan's Disappearance lions Sot
Greatly Exrreise the Community.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 27.— Robert
Buchanan, an account of whose disappear
ance was published in The Call to-day,
was not thought much of at this place.
He was known to be a hard drinking man
and is said to be in debt to a great many of
his associates on the North Pacific Coast
Railroad. He should have received the
position made vacant by the untimely
death of William Tierney, a short time
ago, but for some reason known to the
railroad people he was not given it. He
was the engineer in charge of the local
freight train.
Not long ago Buchanan had a great deal
of trouble with his wife, and the scanaa
lous behavior of the two disgusted their
friends and neighbors.
It is generally thought by those who
kiK>w him that he has skipped out and
will not return.
NORTHERN VA.CJ.BIG RECEIVERS.
An Application for the Appointment of
Messrs. Mgi'loir and McHenry.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 27.— A private
telegram received here from Receiver Bur
leigh of the Northern Pacific, who is in
New York, says there is a rumor in that
city to the effect that an application has
been made to Chief Justice Field to have
Messrs. Bigelow and McHenry appointed
receivers tor the four States through which
the road runs in the Ninth Circuit — to
wit, Montana, Idaho, Washington and
Oregon—and wherein Mr. BurJeigh at the
present time has, under direction of the
courts, sole jurisdiction. When in San
Francisco recently ex-United States Sena
tor Spooner, one of counsel, made appli
cation to Circuit Judge Gilbert for such an
order, but his Honor declined to grant the
request, notifying Mr. Spooner that such
an application must be regularly made
through the United States District Court
in this city; and Federal Jndge Hanford,
acting at the instance of Judge Gilbert, has
named March 3 as the day when their
Honors will consider the petition if pre
sented, the Circuit Judge having given
notice that he would be here and partici
pate in the proceedings.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY NOTES.
The Paderewski Recital— Baseball— First
Inter' Class Field Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
27.— Paderewski recital, under Stan
fora students' auspices, is the chief topic
of interest here just now. Nearly every
body is going in the special train to San
.lose next Saturday night to hear the pian
ist. The sale of seats here was phenome
nal, and in San Jose the seats were gone in
a day. The faculty will practically attend
in a body. • .•■-;*■•; :■■
On Saturday morning the freshman team
will play the Belmont nine on the Stan
ford diamond. The game will occur in the
morning, and will be a very interesting
match. Following will be the position of
the players: Pitcher. Austin; catcher, Ray
Smith; first base, Freeman: second base.
Stanley Harris; third base, Sharp (cap
tain); shortstop, W. Mclntosh; left field,
Leppo; center field, Gregory ; right field,
Logan.
The first interclass field day is scheduled
for Saturday afternoon next. The events
will . be as follows, open to the freshmen
and sophomore claeses: 100-yard dash,
220-yard dash, 440-yard dash, maiden 100
--yard sprint, half-mile run, 120-yard hurdle,
220-yard hurdle, broad and hi^h jump,
pole vault, shot put and hammer throw.
The main interest will center In the weight
contests and the maiden hundred race.
JDIEIi FROM THE WOVXD.
Fate of the Old Mati Mysteriously Shot
in a Vallejo Lumber- Yard.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 27.— The old man,
Charles Newell of Sacramento, who was
shot in the groin by an unknown party
with a young girl as his companion in
Aden's Lumber-yard Sunday evening,
February 9, and who was taken to the
County Hospital at Fairfield on the follow
ing day, died here last night from the
effects of the wound he received. So far
no definite clew has been obtained of the
parties interested in the murderous affair.
Ttco Residence* Burned at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 27.— The residences
of J^nies Scott and Henry Persons in the
Altamont addition to Fresno were com
pletely consumed by fire this afternoon,
together with most of the furniture. The
estimated value of the buildings and
furniture is about $5000. It was by the
greatest good fortune that other property
was not burned, owing to the fact that the
locality is beyond the fire limits, and that
a high wind was prevailing at the time.
There was a partial insurance on the
furniture.
> : : V y E _^ TO-DAY. ''••'ii'r'ir^'i- ■'*:■■*:' ''!.''■'■/'■:.'
"my*
"~™^^ Furniture Department
I Important Announcement!
I Until Further Notice
M We offer our complete stock of Furni-
" ture without reserve at reductions
U . irom regular prices .varying' from 15
» ' • to 33% per cent. : All goods are mark-
jj ed in plain figures. We invite inspec-
jf3 tion of gooc's and comparison of prices.
We quote for Example :
H Elegant quarter -sawed . Oak Side-
M . boards, $55,' former pride $85,
M Elegant quarter - sawed .Oak Side-
ifl boards, $35, former price $48.
H Handsome' Hatracks; ' $25, ; former
price $32 50.
H Handsome Chiffoniers in 'different
M woods, $37 50, former price $50.
M Ladies' Dainty Dressing Tables, $40,
g former price $55. •;, ;.:'.'.
Curtain Department,
Mj 250 Genuine Imported Oriental Ba^«
ra dads, $5 each, former price $7 50.
150 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains-
odd lots— to close at Wholesale
Cost.
Mated Nairn Linoleum.
n Most Artistic Floor Covering made.
', B 40c per square yard laid, and up-
% ward.
I Special Reductions in All Departments.
immn Jinmnrm W. & J, SLOANE & GO.,
UNTIL FURTHER CARPET l fp HOLST E R R v NITUREi
NOTICE. 641-647 Ivbt St., S.F.
GOVERNOR BUDD
IS INTERVIEWED
What He Says of Ex-Sen
ator Goucher's State
ment.
HAS MADE NO ALLIANCE
Never Talked With Daggett in
Regard to- Senator Per
kins' Successor.
THE ATTACKS OF JOHN P. IRISH
Has No Time to Reply to Every Man
Removed by Him From
Public Office.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 27.— Governor
Budd arrived here to-day, and is seeking
to work up enthusiasm among citizens on
the Wilmerding school with a view of
securing its location here. He was shown
the statement made recently by ex-Sena
tor Goucher to the effect that the Governor
had formed an alliance with Superin
tendent Daggett of the San Francisco
mint in reference to electing a successor
to Senator Stephen M. White. Mr. Budd
said :
"I have never had any talk with Dag
gett in regard to White's successor. The
only thing in the world that Goncher
could have based such a statement on was
what occurred a year ago when the Legis
lature elected Perkins to the Senate. Dag
geit spoke to me about getting the compli
mentary vote of the Democrats. That was
all there was to it, and we have never since
that time discussed the SenatorshiDin any
way."
When spoken to with reference to toe
attacks made on him by John P. Irish, the
Governor did not seem inclined to discuss
Mr. Irish.
"I have nothing to say of him," said he,
"any more than I have of any man whom
I have been obliged to remove from pub
, lie office. All the facts leading up to bis
! removal are set forth in the reports of the
last Legislature covering the investigation
i of the affairs of that institution, and I have
mo time to repeat them just now. Were i
I obliged to reply to the attacks of every
man removed by me from public office for
j cause I would be kept busy all the time.
I The tects which caused me to remove Mr.
I Irish are easily ascertained, and speak for
; themselves."
Mother and Children Jiurned.
EUREKA, S. Dak., Feb. 27.— A mother
1 and two of her children were burned to
i death to-day by a gasoline explosion in
;he stove at Frank B. Puckelt's honse
i which was destroyed by the flames. The
; baby was saved by the servant-girl.
, Puckett was absent from home. The vic
tims are Mrs. Frank B. Puckett, Hattie
aged 7 years, and Clarence, aged 4 years.
34
STOCKTON-- THE NEW CHICAGO OF THE GREAT SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY== STOCKTON
THERE was once a very estimable
I I and wealthy woman in Stockton
I who was not so wise in worldly
jJL lore as she afterward became. How
she gained the added wisdom is a
neat little story in itself, which bears a
moral for every resident of the Pacific
Coast and may serve not inappropriately
to introduce the theme that is to follow.
The story— lt happened a year or two
ago that this very estimable and wealthy
woman wanted blankets for the beds of
her house. She was in a measure wise,
for, having an adequate purse, she resolved
to get only the very best woolen blankets
the market could afford. So she placed
her order with the largest and most
famous dry-goods importers in the United
States— a New York farm. She stipulated
no price, only requiring that the blankets
should be the very best.
She waited a fortnight. Then the pack
age came— and the bill with it. She paid
the latter nnquestioningly, then opened
the package to feast her eyes on the soft
white woolen.things that had, perchance,
come all the way from India, or at least
from Germany or Scotland— or from
wherever it was that sheep gave the best
wool and men made the best blankets
thereof.
Behold ! each fleecy blanket bore upon
it a modest little blue trademark upon
which was the unromantic because fa
miliar legend, "Stockton Woolen Mills,"
a legend which, to European or Asiatic
ears, sounds of luxury and wealth. The
very estimable and wealthy woman was
astonished and indignant.
"You have pent me Stockton blankets!"
she wrote to the New York house. "You
have cheated me! I could have bought
these at home and saved the freight! I
ordered the very best!"
"Madam, we sent you the best blankets
to be had in the world's markets," wrote
the New York bouse.
The moral— lt is so plain that he who
reads may also run.
The theme — This bustling, thriving city
where "the best blankets in the worlds
markets" are manufactured, the Chicago
of the San Joaquin Valley — Stockton.
Extravagance in words, some may think,
to compare Stockton with Chicago, but
these know not the remarkable activities
of Stockton, her ambitions, her energies
and her almost limitless resources. Sup
pose old Captain Weber had been gifted
with foresight enough to compare the vil
lage of Stockton that he founded in 1841
with the city of Stockton in 1806; and sup
pose he had been daring enough to formu
late his vision into words to the rough cat
tlemen and miners who helped him drive
his tent-stakes into the rich soil; and sup
pose—but the analogy is already clear
enough.
Have you been to Stockton and seen its
broad, level, well-paved streets, its hand
some Courthouse, its beautiful Public
Library building, its noble and costly
churches, its fine residences, its thousands
of small homes und cottages, its imposing
business blocks', its hotels, its theaters, its
great fiouring-miils, its many busy fac
tories, its shipyard, its electric and steam
railroads and streetcars, its tree-lined ave
nues, its parks, its famous baths, its natu
ral gas wells, its wholesale and retail
establishments, its immense warehouses,
its schools and academies— have you spent
weeks in the city and seen some of these
ana more? If you have not, then, in a
modern commercial sense, there is a very
large and interesting chapter in California
life still before you.
"What brings Stockton to claim so very
large a share of public attention just at
this time is the fact that she is taking
giant strides on the road to commercial
supremacy at present. A great competing
line of rai'road is focusing its strength
and power in her lap and will soon
be bringing all the treasures of
the great San Joaquin Valley to
her arms. Only yesterday the great
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad stretched out its steel rails from
Stockton to the Stanislaus River. To-day
the rails are being laid across Tuoiumne
River, maybe to-morrow they will have
reached Fresno and next week Bakersfield.
Stockton is grasping. She is planning to
lay under tribute all the wealth of the
greatest valley of the Golden State of the
Union. She reaches out for the figs and
the wine and the grains of Fresno, and
for the cattle and the oranges and the
olives of Kern, and casts even
glances of longing and wistfulness down
into the sunny gardens of San Gabriel and
Riverside, though she has at her very door
all the fruits of the earth that prosper
under genial skies and on rich soil. Stock
ton is ambitious! And she is something
more. She has not only the possibilities
of the present and future; she has within,
her a true touch of the spirit that made
Chicago great.
And in Stockton's present and future
greatness all the State rejoices. Fresno
ana '• iKersfield will welcome the steel
tenta esand pay their tribute gladly — even
profitably to themselves — and Los Angeles
welcomes her wistful and longing glances
and will, in time, shoot outa steel «■■• 'acle
from its own boundless lesource . ross
the Tehachapi and join hands wit ock
ton.
Consider the geographical loc • n of
Stockton— at the head of all that vast won
derful valley of the San Joaquin; it the
head of tidewater navigation on .he San
Joaquin River. Its situation alone is suf
ficient to inspire all faith in its future
greatness. California cannot grow with
out benefiting Stockton. The great valley
must cease to produce the richness of the
soil and sun or else Stockton will go on
and on. She has direct tidewater com
munication with Han Franci?eo Bay. Cap
tain Weber chose the site for his first tent
Btakes better than he knew.
Consider Stockton's present thrift and
greatness. Skim over it but in the briefest
fashion; a volume could not do it f'lll jus
tice. Hold on! Stockton is not the only
city in the world. It is well to consider
beforehand that there are other cities,
SCENES ON THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JO AQUIN VALLEY RAILROAD AT THE FRONT WITH THE CONSTRTTrTinv rixr A^ i^^^TcROSS STANISLAUS ~"~
1 ■■ ■- — '■• ■ ■ ■ >-.:... . • - ; ti^ rKU^ivviiH A Hb CONSTRUCTION GANG, AND THE BIG BRIDGE ACROSS STANISLAUS RIVER.
I even in the interior of California, and
Stockton herself is not insensible to this
fact. The prosperity of the whole State is
bound up together in bonds that cannot
be severed, so that what is said of Stockton i
must redound not alone to the glory of
Stoqkton, but to the State as a whole.
However, the present theme is Stockton —
her present thrift and greatness. Where
shall the beginning be made?
The water front is as good a place as
any. Two lines of river steamers land you
from San Francisco — land you in the very
heart of the city, one block from the
Courthouse and City Hall. Passing up the
channel to the stone and concrete quay,
you see first and most conspicuous of all
the great rlouring-mills — the Union, the
Crown and the Sperry. These have at
present an aggregate capacity for 9000
barrels a day, which will soon be increased,
by the installment of a 700-horsepower
engine in the Crown mill, to 9200 barrels.
The change increases the capacity of the
one mill from 1500 to 1700 barrels. In ail
there is over $1,000,000 invested in milling
at Stockton.
Walking one block to the south from
AN ARCHITECTURAL GEM— FREE LIBRARY BUILDING.
STOCKTON
Is not a boom cjty.
Was founded by Captain Charles M. Weber
in 1841.
Bear? the name of Commodore Stockton of
the United States navy.
Is one of the cleanest cities in the United
States.
Has many pleasant resorts.
Has a handsome convention hall or pa
vilion that covers an entire rock.
Has four big flour mills, with an aggregate
capacity of 10.000 barrels a day.
Has the largest woolen-mills in the State.
Ships fine tanned leather and manufac
tured woolen goods to Chicago and New
York.
Has a large shipyard.
Has an excellent business college.
Manufactures harvesting machinery and
all kinds of agricultural implements.
Gives employment to nearly 2000 men in
its factories, and pays them about
$1,300,000 a year.
Expects to become the second city of com
mercial importance in the State, and has
better prospects in that way than any
other city north of Tehachapi.
Has an average rainfall for twenty-one
years ot 13.71 inches.
Is already the manufacturing city of the
interior.
Has direct tidewater communication with
Pan Francisco Bay.
Has two lines of passenger and freight
steamers, that make daily trips to and
from San Francisco.
Is already a railroad center of no small im-
portance.
Has a State insane asylum that is an orna
ment architecturally and a source of
revenue to the city. It covers 110 acres,
and its nandsome buildings cost if 1,100,
000.
A PICTURESQUE VIEW OB MoLEOD'S LAKE.
' the head of the quay brings you to a
! broad open square, across which there
J faces you the Courthouse, a handsome
I pile surmounted with a tall dome and
■ tower, built with a blending of classic and
modern architecture that is very pleasing
to the eye. The great open space in front
of and on all four sides of the imposing
1 structure give it a dignity and beauty that
| is snared by no other public building in
I the State. You notice at once that the
I streets are broad, tree lined, well paved or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
A Glimpse of the Thriving; Commercial, Railroad and Manufactur
ing Center at the Head of Navigation.
macadamized, and laid out at right angles.
It is a modern city — you see that at a
glance. You see that there are many,
very many, handsome and imposing busi
ness blocks, so many in fact that it would
be folly to undertake to mention even a
few of them.
The streets are crowded; people jostle
each other; men and women hurry here
and there; bicycles are numerous; several
systems of electric streetcars run here ana
there and seemingly everywhere, and wide
though the streets be there is no more
room than is needed for the countless
vehicles through which the pedestrian
mu?t pick his way carefully in crossing.
Here is focused not alone the retail
trade for a rapidly growing city of 20,000
inhabitants, but here are gathered men
from all parts of the county of San
Joaquin, besides many visitors and strang-
INTERESTING SCENES IN STOCKTON - THE HANDSOME WHITE COURTHOUSE.
The Mayor, the President of the Council and the Four Conncilmen.
ers from all parts of the State and fro-n the
East. Most of them come in vehicles
and all of them have business to transact.
The retail trade is extensive and is
carried on with as much push and enter
prise as is displayed in many a city of rive
times the population. Windows are hand
somely dressed and goods of all kinds at
tractively displayed. At Hale'?, Bost
wick's or the Arcade dry-goods stores you
will find conditions and commodities
much the same as in the modern de-
PERFECT CLIMATE.
A Modern City Inhabited by Men
and Women of Industry
and Business Capacity
Who Have Made the
Most of All Their Many
Natural Opportunities.
partment stores of the metropolis, and
there are other stores of the same kind,
though of lesser extent, of which the same
is true.
For a few blocks on Main street, on
either side of the Courthouse. and indeed all
the thoroughfares immediately surround
ing the big public square, one miclit
easily imagine himself to be in the midst
of a city of 100,000 or more population.
And this is very largely due to the ad
mirable business methods of the retail
merchants of Stockton. They take care
not to hide the light of their wares under
a bushel, and you have only to keep both
eyes open to appreciate tue extent of their
activities, the desirability, the cheapness,
the quality, toe profusion and the di
versity of their commodities.
Five wealthy banks handle the sinking
funds of Stockton merchants, so to say.
The Stockton Savings Bank is ono of
these, with resources of over $1,000,000.
The San Joaquin Valley Bank, the First
National Bank— these are institutions
that enjoy the confidence of some of the
wealthiest men in the State.
A circumstance that ougbt not to be left
unstated here is that vacant nouses are
scarce articles in the city of Stockton, and
desirable vacant houses are almost an an- |
known quantity. This fact in itself
speaks volumes for the real estate mancet,
and Mr. Wilhoit, who is one of the best
known of a score or more of enterprising
and yet conservative real estate'brokers in !
Stockton, adds the further information
thai there is a very good inquiry for buti
_ _____ _____ •—
— — ...... _ i
ness properties and residences. The real
estate market is strong and steady. It
never did boom and jump to extravagant
values, but it has steadily grown and
grown, and keeps growing month by
month. "When you buy a lot or a house
or store or acre property trom a Stockton
real estate man to-day you may be sure
you are paying just about what the prop
erty is worth— no more and no less. And
this time "next year it will be worth still
more.
What will make it valuable? The I
steady, the rapid growth of Stockton.
What will make the rapid growth ? Many
i things. The energy and enterprise of her
: business men and the local pride and |
patriotism of her citizens, for one thing.
The growth of her present manufactures
i for another. Take the woolen - mills lor !
\ example— those that turn out the best j
blankets in the world. They make other j
; things as well— 'Scotch tweed" suitings, j
! for instance, or at least what a good many
I fancy -priced tailors sell for that famous '
line of goods. These make enormous
profits on it, and the dandy thinks he is
I wearing an imported suit or trousers. He j
I is wearing one just as good, only he is |
I paying more money than he need. Every j
year this plant is being added to and the
number of employes increased.
There's the Pacific tannery for another
thing-employing sixty men and a capital I
stock of $:JUO,OOO -turning out some of the !
| best harness leather in the world and ship- '
j ping largely to Boston, New York, St. !
J Louis, Chicago, Japan and elsewhere.
! California bark has no equal for tanning.
There's the big shipyard, where barges, j
schooners and steamers are built and re
paired. Its scope inconstantly increasing. !
There's Shaw's plow works, manufactur- j
ing a patent plow of its own that has a big
sale and employing large capital and many
men. There's the Holt Manufacturing
Company, selling between $200,000 and
$300,000 worth of combined harvesters
each year, and making them all at their
big works in Stockton. This is one of the
largest concerns in the State, but not the
only manufacturers of agricultural imple
ments in this city. The Haines-Houser
harvester is manufactured here and in
large quantities. The firm is putting a
patent side-hill machine on the market
now, and the orders are coming in. The
Holt company, by the way, is also famous
for the quantity of wagon and carriage
wheels it turns out in a year. The Matte
sou & Williamson house manufactures
plow castings and other hardware. These
are a few of the manufacturing enterprises
of Stockton— just a few by way of sample.
All of them could not be told about in a
single newspaper article, and the few
CENTRAL M. E. AND ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCHES.
A COUPLE OF STOCKTON'S NATURAL GAS WELLS.
names that are cited are given rather as a
matter of "good faith," as the contribution
editor would say.
There's the big lumber-yard of P. A.
Buell & Co., over on the Mormon Chan
nel. It's one of if not the very largest in
the State, but it's not the only one in
.Stockton. There's the Stockton Lumber
Company for instance, also near the Mor
mon Channel, and thus possessed of ex
cellent facilities for handling lumber at
the least expense. It is worth mentioning
that Mr. Buell is president of the Stockton
Commercial Association, an organization
whose prime object is to niake Stockton
still greater financially, commercially, as
a railroad and as a manufacturing center.
Orin S. Henderson is its secretary, and
the entire State is pretty well familiar
with the long line of. prominent business
men that make up its membership. The
list is ioo Ions: to quote here, for there is
yet much to be said of Stockton and time
and space are short and fleeting.
In the matter of hotels Stockton is by
no means lacking. There are the Yo
semite, the Commercial and the Grand
Central — these are the biggest in the city,
well appointed and run on a modern sys
tem. And another hotel is being built by
D. and Fred W. Rothenbush, proprietors
of Stockton's brewery. It is going to be a
fine affair and modern throughout. Two
stories in brick are up now, and two more
stories are being piled atop of them.
There is also a new church in the course
of construction, and a business block and
some residences are being contracted for.
Stockton's not standing still.
How could it, when the Valley Railroad
STOCKTON
Manufactures the best woolen blankets.
Has some of the most enterprising bu c i-
lie's men in the world.
Offers magnificent opportunities for men
with brains, energy and capital.
Has in many industrial and commercial
ways made greater progress than any
other interior city.
Has pleasure resorts that are very attrac-
tive.
Gave the State its present Governor.
Has au athletic association with an excel-
lent and well-appointed club building,
with football, boating, camera and bicycle
annexes.
Has a railroad that will soon tap a rich
coal field and laud fuel in the city at $2
a ton or less.
Has resources in almost every possible di-
rection that arc unlimited.
Has an assessment roll (real and personal)
of about $12,000,000.
Householders p*y #1 a month for the first
thousand feet of natural gas and 50 cents
for each succeeding thousand.
And the water that comes from the j»as
wells has peculiar medicinal properties
that make it excellent for bottling.
Will soon have a beet-sugar factory.
Has a number of immense grain ware-
houses.
Has cheap passenger rates by water to aid
from San Francisco.
Has an abundance of real estate that i."
growing in value solidly and rapidly.
Has a brewery.
Gives emDloymcnt to thousands and is con
stantly increasing her manufacturing
facilities and broadening her cornmer-
cial enterprises.
Inhabitants read The Call, which has a
larger circulation than any other San
Francisco paper.
is rushing its work southward and pre
paring for a handsome depot at Stockton
terminus, and the Corrai Hollow road is
almost completed to the coal mines. The
people of this region take a good deal of
honest pride in bcth these big enterprises.
The Corral Hollow road promises to bring
good coal for the manufacturers at the
rate of $2 a ton, delivered in Stockton.
That's a big thing for the manufacturers ;
bigger still for Stockton.
Then there's the prospects for a big
beet-sugar factory being located on the
4000-foot canal now in the process of
construction off Mormon Channel. The
prospects amount almost to a certainty,
for the farmers are planting beets on a
heavy soil that is peculiarly adapted to
their culture. Funny thing about that
soil. It's as good for orange* as it is for
hay and grain, ana as good for olives as
it is for sugar beets. Claus Spreckels has
said that Stockton will probably be the
site of one of the first of the new sugar
refineries that will soon be constructed in
this fytate.
While on the subject of farming and soil
and products of the earth, just consider
what Professor George Davidson, one of
the most noted scientists in geology, as
tronomy and civil engineering in America,
recently wrote to the editor of the Stoclr
ton Record :
But a few miles within your foothills and
parallel with the outline thereof lies the great
mother lode of California, the lode from which
hundreds of millions of dollars have been
taken; the lode from which as many more mil
lions will be taken in a systematic and certain
manner. This great lode is awakening to a
new life of activity, and the people thereof will
draw from this irrigable area a large part of
their supplies, and in return will send down
their gold, and through Stockton will send
their monthly output of bullion. This trade
cannot fail to be of tbe greatest benefit to your
thriving city nnd its surroundings.
Above this irrigable area lie the great lines
of drainage from the watershed of the Sierra
Nevada. Every drop of water, before or after
it is used for mining or irrigation purposes,
can be made to develop a large percentage of
the electric power which will be used in your
city in the manufactories and in lighting; in
local transportation and in transportation
throughout the county to the mountains.
Perhaps, indeed, this power will be used in
household andfarming operations as it is now
being used in France.
One of the new enterprises that promises
to increase Stockton's fame and wealth is
the Stockton Art Pottery Company. The
organizers are all men noted for their suc
cesses in other business undertakings.
The capital stock is $100,000, naif of which
has been subscribed, and work will now
soon begin. There is an abundance of the
very best material at hand. Designs are
to be furnished by the very best artists in
that line.
Consider now Stockton's greatness as a
center from which to ship wheat. It has
immense warehouses and unrivaled facili
ties for shipping. Grain stored in Stock
ton can be loaded on barges and deliv
ered anywhere contiguous to San Fran
cisco Bay within iwenty-four hours. Last
year, thougli the wheat crop was short,
Stockton's immense storage capacity was
taxed to the utmost, and a greatly in
creased capacity nas been provided this
year.
In the matter of tidewater shipments,
Stockton has reason to be and is particu
larly proud. In 1893-94 the water ship
ments in and out averaged 2000 tons a
day. The rail shipments for the same
period were over ninety carloads a day.
Since then two big raiiroads have bteu
started. If the wheat crop is good this
year, it is not at all extravagant to predict
a total wheat shipment of 3000 tons a day.
The natural - gas wells of Stockton!
Here is a gift of nature thai cannot be
overestimated. Bore anywhere, a pure
and limpid stream gushes forth. There is
a gaseous odor to it and rare medicinal
properties. Build a gas reservoir over the
artesian well. That is all that is necssary.
The pas goes up to your storehouse and
the water flows on. It is no* good drink
ing water, but the Jackson Baths of Stock
ton, fed by several constantly running
streams, are famous throughout the State,
not only for the soft pleasing quality of
their waters, but for their medicinal prop
erties as well. They are housed in a hand
some and commodious structure and form
one of the attractions of the city. Think
of the commercial blessings of natural g&3
to a manufacturing community. Think of
its blessings to householders and tax
payers. The most of this rare natural
opportunity has not yet been made, and
yet natural gas is retailed to consumers at
the rate of $1 for the first thousand and
50 cents for each succeeding thousand cubic
feet. Nature has been very kind to
Stockton.
And in the way of water power from the
mountains Stockton- has every facility.
Her electric light plant is operated by
power secured from running water out of
the Sierra Nevadas. Here are possibilities
unbounded, opportunities that are just
beginning to be appreciated.
Consider, briefly, the county of which
Stockton is the county seat, the great San
centage of arable land of any county in the
State, and it is the only county whose soil
Joaquin County. It has the largest per
consi&ts entirely of a sandy loam, wi:h a
porous, sedimentary quality of a high de
gree of moisture.
Ten acres in orchard will support a large
family. . . .
Stockton could aptly be called the "City
of Churches." There are nineteen church
societies, ah of which own houses of wor
ship; nineteen spires pointing heaven
ward, musical bells pealing forth the
hours of devotion, and their portals ever
ajar to those wishing to enter.
The progress already made in the con
struction of the Valley Railroad promises
splendidly for the future. Last week ideo
graphic communication was established
between the construction camp at the front
and the main office in Stockton. The Val
ley road and the Postal Telegraph Com*
pany will work together in this connec
tion, and this will increase the duties of
Miss Annie J. Smith, the manager of the
main office at Stockton.
The Stockton and Lodi Terminal Rail
road will probably be one of the valuable
lines centering in Siockton. .From the
city limits this line runs through and be
side the largest vineyards in tne $tate,
and spurs and feeders have been thrown
out to facilitate transportation. • ■
This is not ali of Stockton. There is
much yet to be told, far more than could
be told. It must be seen. See Stockton
if you see nv> more.LABOR AROUSED
AT LOS ANGELES
The Japanese and Chinese^
Question Will Again
Be Agitated.
MASS-MEETING CALLED.
White Men Crowded Out of Em- ;
ployment in Restaurants
and Barber-Shops.
JAPS ABOUT TO OPEN MARKETS
Prominent Speakers Engaged to Show
the Evils Resulting From Pres»
ent Conditions.
LOis ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— A grand
mass-meeting under the auspices of the
Council of Labor will be held at Hazard's
Pavilion on March 7. Prominent speakers
have been engaged for the occasion. The
object of the meeting is the agitation of
the Japanese and Chinese 'question. They
are fast crowding out the white labor and
seriously threatening the white restaurants
and barber- sjiops of this city. No white
man can successfully compete with this
class of workers. There will be a larse
prarade preceding the mass-meeting,
headea by a band from the musical asso
ciation,
it is reported that the Japanese are
about to start a bakery and meat market
iii this city.
rOCAG DOLE. THE TORGEIi.
He Hat Been Quite Industrious at Snnta :
Ann and Lou Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— E. J.
Dole, who was arrested at San Francisco I
yesterday on a charge of forgery, is well !
known here. He was not only well known
in this city but at Pasadena, where his !
parents, who are highly respected people, j
reside. Dole was also at one time an I
usher in a fashionable church in this city, i
On the morning of February 11, a genjle
man answering Dole's description called
at the Exchange Bank at Santa Ana and
asked for a certitied check for $2 50, re
marking that it was a small amount, but
toat lie wanted it to oblige a friend. The
check was issued payable to F. C. Howard. !
L.agt Friday Dole appeared in the State j
Loan and Trust Company's Bar.X, where
he wa? well known, and presented a check !
for $850, Baying to Teller Lewis that he i
only wanted $500 and would leave the ba!- j
ance on deposit; The checK was made i
payable to F. C. Howard or bearer, and
had the names as indoraers on the back of i
William F. Bosbyshell, O. -M. Hudson and
Charles P. Adams, all of which proved to
be forgeries, ilr. Lewis turned the checK
over and glanced at the signature of Wil
liam F. hosbvshell, which he was quite
familiar with, and had no hesitancy in j
paying over the money. It was a clever
forgery. The following two days being j
holidays, the check was not forwarded for I
collection until Monday, when the Santa j
Ana Bank advised the State Loan and
Trust Company of the fraud, and Dole's
arrest followed.
HEATH MOM A RATTI.ESXAJS.E.
An Antelope Valley Kttncher Is Hitten
and Dies- in Great Agony.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., Feb. 27.— Jacob
King, a rancher, nearly HO years old, has
b«en living alone on his ranch in Antelope
Valley. On Sunday night the old man
wrent into his back yard to s*ee that some
little pups were smisrly tucked in the dog
house, and in the darkness he thrust his
hand into the kennel and felt around. His
hand was seized by something and when
he pulled it out there was a bin rattlesnake
clinging to it. The snake had implanted
his fangs into the web between the index
and third ringer of his right hand and was
lixed tnere. tie grabbed it about the necK
■with his left hand and choked it until it
let go, when he threw it to the ground and
it Quickly crawled away.
He did not go for a doctor at once, but
waited until next morning, when he went !
to Palrndale and' secured the services of a J
physician. By this time the entire arm j
was -swollen purple and was as large as |
his thigh. The entire left side was receiv- i
■ ing 'trie-effects' of the poison, as the swell- j
ing Was appearing there. The doctor set j
to work on him, but the poison had gotten
toar great a start. The swelling soon passed
over and spread over the left side, and in
a few hours death ensued. He died Tues
day morning in great agony, his body be
ing almost black at the time of his death.
SViCIIiJZ OR ACCinEXT.
Dr. That/er of liatlas, Tex-, Dies From
the Effect* of Chloroform.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— One
week ago Dr. Joseph L. Thaver arrived in
Los Angeles, from Dallas, Tex., and took
rooms at 427 South Broadway. He gave
out that he would leave this morning for
Barstow and requested to be called for ttie
early train. He failed to respond when he
was called, and upon entering the room
the doctor was found in a dying condition.
l)r. Warde was summoned, but the man
was too far gone. An empty vial labeled
chloroform was found by. his side. There
is con?xierAble doubt as to whether it. is a
case of suicide or accident.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Extensive Preparations Are Being
Made for the Boys' Brigade
Convention.
The Briggs Family Jar— Three Skele
tons Uneafthed— Insolvency— Suit
to Foreclose.
RAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 27--Extensive
preparations are being made by the local
companies of the Boys' Brigade for the
entertainment of the delegates to the State
convention of the Boys' Brigade, to be
held in this city March 14, 15. and 16. The
State Council and delegates from all parts
of the State will be in attendance.
The session will be held in the First
Presbyterian Church. On Saturday even
ing, February 14. the visitors will be ten
dered a banquet in tlie First Methodist
Church. Sunday morning there will be a
sunrise prayer-meeting in the First Pres
byterian Church, ami in the afternoon a
union mass-jneeting will be held »n the
First Me-Uiodist Church. Saturday and
Monday will be given up to the business
of the convention.
An Insolvent Blacksmith.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 27.— R. A. Huyck,
a blacksmith at Seventh and Santa Clara
streets, to-day filed a petition in insolv
ency. His liabilities amount to $4815 30.
His assets are $1048 30, of which $418 30 are
book accounts. The balance is tools and
material in the shop. The petition will be
heard March 7.
*O DIVOHCE ASK ETt I'OR.
But Mr*. Krigg* Could Scratch Along
With $2nO a Month.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 27.— J. G. Briggs,
who was recently sued by his wife, Eliza
beth Briggs, for an allowance of $230 a
month for the support of herself and child,
to-day riled an answer to the suit. Briggs
who is a wealthy rancher of Tulare, denies
that he is worth $50,000, and says that lie
is unable to pay such a sum for the sup
port of his wife and child. He says he
cave his wife a $20,000 ranch in Tulare
County and provided her with a good
home, but she has been vexatious and
faultfinding and preferred to live in this
city. The couple were married in 1883 and
have one child. No divorce is asked for
Three Skeleton* Unearthed.
SAN JOSE, Oal., Feb. 27.— Three skele
tons, in perfect condition, were unearthed
by workmen in excavating a cellar at 27(>
Orchard street this morning. The skele
tons were found about lifteen inches below
the surface. It is said that about sixty
years ago the place where the bodies were
found was used as a burial ground during
a fever epidemic, in which some fifty
natives were carried away.
Suit to foreclose a Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 27.— D. F. Pat
man began suit against Eleanor M. and
John McComb to foreclose a $3500 mort
gage on two lots at the corner of George
and Sau Pedro streets. The mortgage was
given to secure a note executed September
11, 1895.
VAIN SEARCH FOR A SHIP
The Cadzow Forest Thought to
Have Struck on Cape Flat
tery Rocks.
Daneerous Obstructions Unmarked on
the Chart Discovered During
a Cruise..
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 27.— The Do
minion steamer Quadra returned to-day
from her cruise in search of the Cadzow
Forest, which extended aloug the west
coast as far as the Queen Charlotte Islands.
No wrecK or wreckage was seen or heard
of, however, with the exception of the
total loss of the schooner Wanderer.
In Hesquial the sealing schooner Louis
Olsen was at anchor, and her skipper, Cap
tain Daly, brought aboard the Quadra his
logbook and chart to show what fearful
weather he had experienced after leaving
the bar of the Columbia River in company
with the Cadzow Forest, both vessels
bound for the Straits of Juan de Fuca.
The last seen of the Cadzow Forest from
the Louis Olsen was at 10 p. m. of the 2d of
July, when the vessels were running to
the northward with the wind to the south.
From the logbook it appears that shortly
before daylight the wind .backed to north
east and a few hours afterward veered sud
denly to the southeast, blowing very hard
with terrific squalls.
This continued until the morning of the
sth of January, when the weather cleared
up and land was seen a miles off to*
leeward, which Captain Daly recognized
as Uchalet.
Every exertion was made to keep off
the shore, storm trysails being set be
tween squalls to give the ship headway.
This driving kt>pt her oft' and the next i
land made was Cape Cook, 120 miles to j
the northwestward.
Captain Daly is of the opinion that the
Cadzow Forest has truck on some outlying
reefs en the west coast, of Vancouver
Island, as being in ballast she may drift to
leeward much faster, than the Olsen, or,
keeping too close to the Washington
shore, has struck Flattery rocks.
The former surmise, however, cannot
well be correct, for should the Cadzow
Forest have struck anywhere on the west
coast of Vancouver Island some wreckage
would doubtless have drifted on shore,
wnen, with inquiries made from place to
place by. the Corwin and Quadra, some
thing would have been heard of it.
On February 23 four Indians arrived at
Clayoquot from TJchulet, having traveled
along the beach between the two places,
and reported having seen part of the
bottom timbers of a vessel with copper on
them, no doubt part of the Nineveh.
OCaptain Wall bran reports that admiralty
chart 2430 of Queen Charlotte Island is
dangerously erroneous, the trend of the
west coast and distances between promi- •
nent headlands not being laid down with,
any accuracy. -
A survey of these islands is urgently re
quired. Six dangerous rocks hitherto un
marked on the chart were located and
examined on the cruise just completed.
■ .•■ , - • ♦ — — '■ i '
TWO MORE MISSISG MEN.
The Fifth Disappearance From Tacoma
Within a Month.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 27.— M. T. Cris
man, 30 years of age and single, an insur
ance solicitor, has been missing since
Monday, February 17. He came here from
North Dakota rive months ago.
It is believed that John H. Crisman of
Lamont, Grant County, Oklahoma, is his
brother.
Crißman was threatened with la grippe
when last seen and was despondent. He
wan earning-about $150 a month.
Two hundred dollars was due from him
to one insurance agency he was working
for. He owed other small sums. A war
rant is out for hii arrest. This makes the
fifth myster.ous disappearance from Ta
cor.ia in a month. The police have been
suppressing the case on account of the
warrant.
NEW WHATOOM, Wash., Feb. 27.—
Oeorge L. Lisle, who wandered awas'from
St. Joseph's Hospital, this city, in a tit of
temporary insanity brought on by illness,
is still missing. lie has a wife in Califor
nia. He was formerly a Commissioner of
W'hatcom County.
THE STRAXVEO SA.\ PEDRO.
Operations to . Br- 'Commenced, for the
Removal of Her Hull. *
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 27.— The steamer
Whitelaw, a modern Son Francisco
wrecker, is shortly to commence opera
tions for the removal of the hull of the
stranded San Pedro, off Brotchie ledge.'';' '
This news came by wire from Ottawa
yesterday to Collector Milnes. What steps
have been taken by the Ooverument in the
matter were not mentioned in the dis
patch. Tenders were called for by the
Government for the work, to be in by the
29th mst., and it is understood many offers
have been forwarded to Ottawa.
It is believed the Whitelaw has been
given the contract by the owners of the
vessel. The San Pedro went ashore on
November 23, 1891, while en route to San
Francisco from Coiuox with 4000 tons of
coal.
Ru*iness failure at Stockton*
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 27.— Attorney
Levinsky. as the r presentative of Attor
ney John L. Boone of San Francisco, to
day rilea the petition of Walter B. Star
bird, an insolvent.
Starbird did business under the firm
name of Schmiet <fc Co., in manufacturing
sarsaparilia and similar concoctions. His
liabilities amount to $14,855 67. Of real
property the petitioner lias none, and only
$140 in personal property, of which $100 is
exempt from execution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
THE SAN DIEGO
WATER CARNIVAL
Elaborate Preparations for
the Event To-Morrow
Night.
•
MANY NOVEL FEATURES.
Enthusiastic Ladies Take Off
Their Coats and Work With
the Committee.
FLOATING PALACES OF BEAUTY.
All the Shipping in the Harbor Will
Be Illuminated — Music and
General Festivity.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 27.— The water
carnival to be given Saturday night is
rapidiy assuming proportions that assure
a grand display. New features are being
added daily, almost hourly, and as the
ladies have fallen into line to assist, the
work of the committee grows easier.
Yacht decorations will begin at the Santa
Fe wharf to-morrow morning, and it is
thought that most of the vessels will be
ready for illumination long before Satur
day evening.
Several clubs of young ladies and gentle
men have chartered fine yachts on the
bay, and they will be transformed into
lloating palaces of beauty. The ferry-boat
Silver Gate has been chartered by the
Launch Club, and will be coVered with
brilliant and attractive lights.
The vessel will be in tow of the tug
Santa Fe over the entire route, and will
enable people by hundreds to enjoy an ex
cursion of eight or ten miles, and at the
same time view the procession to great
advantage.
The full City Guard band will be sta
tioned on the Silver Gate, and the ad
miral's band will be on the flagship Phila
delphia. The steamers Thetis and Alba
tross and the merchant-ships in the harbor
will be in line. A barge havinc headlights
at the four corners and otherwise illumi
nated will be anchored where the Monterey
now lies, and from this the Roman can
dles, skyrockets and red and blue fires wili
be ignited.
The line of march has been changed by
Grand Maishal Friend so that the proces
sion will go in single sarpentine form to
the north turn, when a double sinuous
line will make the countermarch.
The parade will oe dismissed by the exe
cution of an immense labyrinth, winding
and unwinding, the diameter of the circle
being about a half' mile across. These fes
tivities will probably be repeated when the
Italian cruiser Cristoforo Colombo arrives.
THE CARSON MINT CASE
Witness Langevin Believed to
Have Been Hounded Into
Insanity.
Mysterious Disappearances, Corrupt
Use of Money, Attempts at Sui
cide and Other Sensations.
CARSON, New, Feb. 27.— A recent dis
patch sent from this city to the Examiner
stated that Joseph Langevin had gone in
sane and conveyed the idea that Langevin
while insane had given testimony against
Heney in the mint case that convicted an
innocent man. Northing could be farther
from tue truth.
The testimony given by Langevin was
that Bruie called at his house at night and
paid him $400 and that other sums had
been paid him at different times. Mrs.
Langevin corroborated the testimony,
and William Langevin, who was in the
house, saw Brule call and saw the money
in the morning. It was also in evidence
and not disputed that Trcnmor Coffin
railed a few hours before to find out what
Langevin knew. Heney, the defendant,
admitted that he had paid Langevin $200.
Langevin's son was spirited away to
Canada to prevent his testifying and is
still there. Langevin's testimony, sprung
so suddenly in the case, showed the jury
that the case was being fought not with
legal steps, but by the corrupt use of
money, the handling of which was ad
mitted by an attorney. All sorts of mali
cious persecutions followed Langevin's
testimony, and it is no small wonder that
his mind is by this time unbalanced.
Brule, the man who carried the money
to Langevin, was sent to jail for throe
months and fined $.500. The United
States District Attorney presented a simi
lar complaint against Trenmor Coftin for
the use of corruption money, but up to
date the court has paid no formal atten
tion to it.
To-day it is claimed that an attempt was
made to poison Flo Stewart, the woman
who was living with Pickler when the
bullion was dug up in his back yard, but
most people think that she attempted
suicide by poisoning.
GOOD ROADS FOR CHICO
Reservoirs at Intervals and Miles
of Steel Pipe for Sprinkling
Purposes.
The Expense Will Be From $8000 to
$io,ooo— Every Wheelman Is
Jubilant.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 27.— Work on the
Chico road district is progressing rapidly.
It is a recognized fact that copious sprink
ling throughout the dry hot months of the
year will go a long way to preserving the
roads and make them much more easy
and less expensive to repair.
On Ninil* street will be seen where a
large lot of work is being^done. W. W.
Montugue & Co. of ban Francisco, who se
cured the contract for supplying the steel
pipe to be used in conducting the water
for sprinkling purposes to the tanks
pfaced at intervals along the roads in this
district, have men at work making large
sheets of steel into pipe.
This steel is shipped in sheets from the
factory of the Allen Wood Company in
Philadelphia, and has already been re
received here. When finished there will
have been over five miles of pipe, about
four n-.iles of which will be 8-inch and one
mile of 6-inch.
A reservoir is being built which is eighty
feet wide and 300 yards long and ten feet
deep. The sprinkling-carts will be filled
from the main pipes direct, no storage
tanks being used except on the lateral
system of pipes when the distance is so
great that the friction retards the flow of
water and where it would take too long to
till the carts from the pipes.
The tank system is recommended in
every case by all officers having experience
in road sprinkling.
A sprinkling-cart holding 8000 gallons
of water can be filled from a tank with a
6-inch discharge pipe in forty seconds. It
takes from four to six minutes to fill the
cart from a water main under pressure of
SO-foot head and a 3-inch discharge. The
wagons are calculated to distribute 500
loads per day. making a saving of about
four hours per day in the time of filling.
The reservoir and pipes will be so ar
ranged that they may be cleaned at any
time.
The estimated expense of putting in the
reservoir anil the main line will be from
$SOOO to $10,000, of which the Chico road
district will pay two-fifths and the county
general fund three-fifths. The sprinkling
of the roads has been indorsed by every
wheelman and every one who has ever
considered the subject.
Wat Annie Blakely Eighteen?
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 27.— The case
of David Fisher, charged with perjury, is
occupying the attention of Judge Dough
erty and a jury here to-day. Fisher's of
fense consists of swearing that Annie
Blakeley was 18 years of age when he pro
cured a license to marry that young girl
last fall.
"Cupid" Thompson, the marriage license
clerk, testified that the young lady looked
to be at least twenty years old when he
issued the license.
Prosecutine Attorney Butts objected to
this line of testimony and wanted the
young lady regularly introduced in the
evidence niariced "Exhibit A" and filed
with the records of the court.
The attorney for the young husband
■would not entertain this proposition, but
placed Mrs. Fisher on the witness-stand,
when she declared she was 18 years of age
and lhat she had so informed her husband
at the time of her marriage. This state
ment is denied by the bride's parents, who
caused the young man's arrest, and they
offer the family Bible to prove their daugh
ter is only 1(5.
This is the criminal case which was set
for 10 o'clock yesterday morning and which
was mixed up with the water works case
which was set for the*shme hour. The fate
of Fisher will be known to-morrow.
Tucker Chosen President.
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. 27.— News was
received in this city yesterday from Cairo,
Egypt, that Hon. Melville P. Tucker, who
was appointed by President Cleveland in
April, 1894, one of the Judges of the
mixed tribunal In Egypt, has been elected
president of that court.
Ex-Senator I'lntt Injured.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— Thomas
C. Platt slipped on the sidewalk near the
Fifth-avenue Hotel last night and fell
heavily, injuring his hip and thigh. The
ex-Senator, it is thought, will be confined
to his room for & few days.
SPORT OF ALL KINDS
The Olympi- Club Will Soon
Have a Grand Handball
Court.
How Dr. Boyson and Colonel Taylor
Angled for Sharks in Mou
terey Bay.
The members of the Olympic Club who
have a predilection for handball will be
pleased to know that Directors Short and
Eaton had a conference yesterday with
Mr. Leventritt, who is owner of the let
that adjoins the club building proper, and
that very satisfactory arrangements were
arrived at regarding the proposed con
struction of a handball court. Mr. Leven
tritt had an architect visit the site yester
day, and it is safe to say that men will be
put to work in a very few days laying the
foundation for what will certainly prove
to be the best equipped handball court in
America.
It is stated on pretty good authority
that a new coursing park will soon be es
tablished within close proximity of the
Inglesule racing 'ground's. The owner of
about 100 acres of land near Ingleside, who
is at present in the East, wrote that he
was perfectly satisfied with the offer that
was made to him for a lease of the prop
erty in question. The projectors of the
new scheme, who are said to have good
financial backing, will go to work imme
diately erecting a fence around the ground
that is to be used as a coursing demesne.
It seerus as if the sport of the leash is fast
becoming popular.
A meeting of the anglers who are inter
ested in fly-casting will be held at the
Olympic Club tnis evening, it will be re
membered that the tournament which was
held on Stow Lake about two years ago
was a most successful affair, and, in view
of the fact that there are many lovers of
the pleasant pastime who are decidedly
anxious to witness another such enjoyable
contest, George C. Edwards, the president
of the Fly-casting Club, has called a meet
ing for this evening, when matters of per
sonal interest will be discussed and an
election of officers held. It is hoped that
a large attendance of anglers will be pres
ent and particularly those who have mas
tered the art of fly -casting.
Doctor Boyson has discovered that
spearing shark is a most exciting pastime ,
The doctor recently visited Capitoia, and
in the company of Coloi.el Taylor he had
a few hours of good sport in Monterey Bay
on Monday last. .
"1 found an old harpoon," said the doc
tor, "which had seen its better days, but
having nothing more useful at hand, I
tried it on man-eaters and basking sharks,
which are now very plentiful in the beau
tiful bay of Monterey.
"The first shark I sent the steel weapon
into made a fearful commotion, and as it
shot off for parts unknown my right foot
got foul of the fleeting line, and for a sec
ond or two 1 thought that the sport would
prove dear to me.
"I managed, however, to get the limb
free Jrom the line, and then everything
looked lovely. At the end of 100 yards of
rope I had two large empty powder kegs
tied, ani it would have amused you to see
those buoys bob up and down as the
monster of the deep shot past the school
of man-eaters."
"Finally the kegs were seen to float on
the surface of the deep, and then we sur
mised that something was wrong. The
harpoon had torn its way out of the shark,
and the sport came to a sudden ending.
Five sharks were speared during the day,
but they all escaped because of a defect in
the spear. .
•'On Friday and Saturday I will try my
luck again and as I will be provided with
good tackle I expect to have grand sport.
It beats salmon-fishing hollow and any
lover of real good sport should not miss
the present opportunity of visiting Capi
tola and enjoying the pastime of catching
sharks, which are now more plentiful than
salmon in Monterey Bay. Boats and men
can be hired for $2 50 per day, and all that
is required in the way of tackle is about
200 yards of strong line, a first-class har
poon, and empty powder kegs or floats of
any kind which are used for the purpose
of drowning the monsters of the deep."
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club of
this City will bold its annual prize-shoot
ine and bowling contests at Shell Mound
Park on Sunday, March 1. The thirty
prizes which will be offered for rifle-shoot
ini: will be distributed to the winners at
620 Bush street on the evening of March 3.
WINNERS OF MANY MEDALS
California Exhibitors Who Won
Prizes at the AtlaDta
Fair.
Gratifying Results of the State Beard
of Trade's Efforts in the
South.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade and manager of the
State's exhibit at the Atlanta Exposition,
is highly delighted over the magnificent
success of that venture. When he at first
proposed to have the State make an ex
hibit at Atlanta he met with more dis
couragement than encouragement from
people in all parts of the country, and for
a time it looked as though no exhibit
would be made. However, he worked
night and day and after overcoming obsta
cles that seemed almost insurmountable
he reached Atlanta with the finest exhibit
of California products that ever crossed
the Rocky Mountains. At Atlanta he
found himself surrounded with jealous
rivals and competitors from all parts of
the United States, but these were van
quished and as a result California received
more gold, silver and bronze medals and
diplomas than any other State in the
Union.
Mr. Filcher yesterday received the first
complete list of the prizes won by this
State and he is justifiably proud of his ef
forts. The list of the prize-winners is as
follows:
DIPLOMAS OF GRATEFTL RECOGNITION, WITH GOLD
MEDAL.
State of California — For a comprehensive ex
hibit of the natural resources of the State, in
cluding the exhibits of the California State
Board of Trade and the Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce, and for efficiency in promoting
the exposition.
Caliiornia State Board of Trade, Sa.n Fran
cisco—Citrus fruits; collective exhibit and
magnificent display made, under the auspices
ol the California State Board of Trade.
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce — Col
lective exhiblt.of citrus fruits.
Visalia Board of Trade, Visalia— Peaches,
dried and in fluid; preservation of, superior
size, flavor and color.
GRAND PRIZE, WITH GOLD MEDAL.
California State Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco—Best display of horticultural products.
California Slate Board oi Trade, San Fran
cisco—Best display of agricultural products.
Eliwood Cooper, Santa Barbara— Best display
of olive oil.
Lucerne Vineyard, ilanford— Best display of
raisins.
Mrs. O'Hara, Los Angeles— Leather portieres.
DIPLOMAS OF HONOR WITH GOLD MEDAL.
California State Board of Trude, San Fran
cisco — Mineral resources of California.
Busby's Olive Grove, ConcorJ— Olive oil.
•General John Bidwell, Chlco— Wheat and
other grains grown from seed furnished by the
United States Government.
Miss Livermore, San Francisco— Burnt en
graving decorations.
Edward Goodrich, Santa Clara— Olive oil.
.1. L. Howland, Pomona — Olive oil.
Frank Kimtall, National City— Olive oil.
Spreckels Sugar Keflnery, San Francisco-
Beet sugar.
Thermallto Olive Grove, Butte County— Olive
oil.
W. W. Bliss, Los Angeles— Dried fruits,
peaches, plums, prunes, etc.
J. H. Fliekinger, San Jose— Fruit in cans.
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company, San Francisco
— Cabernet.
Tiburcio Parrott, Villa Parrott— White Bur
gundy.
Weimore-Bowen Company, San Francisco-
Chateau Yquem Souvenir.
Wetmore-Bowen Company, San Francisco—
Sauterne, Cresta Blancß.
W etmore-Bowen Company, San Francisco—
St. Julian souvenir.
Mrs. Elizabeth Shields, Sacramento— Dried
and evaporated fruit.
I'orterville Agricultural Society, Porter
viile—Ferris wheel and surroundings.
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce — Orange
lower.
California State Board of Trade—Miscellane
ous products.
H. J. Woleott, Los Angeles— Claret.
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce— Fresh
fruits, fruits in glass, vegetables, grain, wine,
sugar and nuts in great variety.
Duarte Monrovia Orange Exchange, Duarte—
Valencia late oranges.
Jennie Kyerson, Los Angeles— Spanish and
Mexican drawn work.
Bernard Densmore <fe Co., Los Angeles-
Glazed fruits; for Keneral«xcellence.
H. J. Wolcott, Los Angeles— Manchester port
wine; for excellence of quality.
G. Sornamo, ijos Angeles— Superior grape
brandy; made in California.
Azusa, Covina and Glendora Exchange
Azusa— Washington navel oranges.
Allen Bros., Gleadora— Washington navel
oranges.
Q. \V. Cook, Glendora— Washington navel
orange.*.
A. Scott Chapman, Los Angeles — Hart's
Tardifl oranges.
A. I). Hawks, Sierra Mndre— Improved
oranges, as the result of careful and con
tinuous experiment in budding.
f. M. Duglass, Duarte — Improved grape
fruit. .
Charles L. Betts, Los Angeles — Eureka
lemons.
California State Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco—Citrus and other tropical fruit pre
served.
Frank Wiggins, Whittier — Villa Franca
lemons.
Jacob MiUer, Cole Grove— For an exhibit of
MISS EDNA LISSON.
One of the prfitty young misses of Bakersfield is Miss Edna Lis?on. The above
portrait gives but a partial view of this beautiful girl. Her mother, Mrs. A. Lisson,
vouches for the following: About two years ago Edna was suffering from eruptions
of the skin. Her face, her hands, her body were at times all completely covered with
blotches of small pimples. Many were the remedies tried to no avail. All kinds of
soaps, ointments and doctors' prescriptions availed not. About this time Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla was recommended. The first bottle was used and the only
change for the better was the regularity of the bowels and the bright clearness of the
eyes. After the second bottle Edna began to get well. She not only became strong
and hearty, but all the facial blemishes disappeared, and is now the beautiful young
lady you see before you.
This story is not colored just to boom Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. The above
story is about the mildest way of telling the actual facts concerning the blood remedy,
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Doctors have often been puzzled and "give it up"
about Joy's. It is a peculiar herb remedy. It contains no mineral poisons. It is
made entirely of herbs. The only people who speak against the remedy are tne drug
gists who have "A BETTER PROFIT" sarsaparilla. When you want a good blood
medicine that produces no pimplea take Joy'a Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Sharimoya, a new fruit, result of careful ex
periment in improving the custard apple.
J. T. Bearrs, Porterville— lmproved pome
granate.
W. H. Crabb, Napa— Claret made in Napa
County.
J. de St. Hurbert, San Francisco — Superior
port wine made in California.
J. T. aud F. E. Bearrs, Porterville— Villa
Franca lemons.
R. Linder, Lewis Creek rancho— Villa Franca
lemons.
Willshire Henry, Porterville— Villa Franca
lemons-.
E. Tucker, Oroville— Villa Franca lemons.
W. J. Pettyman, Porterville— Mexican limes.
K. Linder; Lewis Creek rancho— Mexican
limes.
J. H. Hardman, Porterville— Seedless limes.
J. T. and F. E. Bearrs, Porterville— Seedless
limes.
K. Linder, Lewis Creek rancho— Washington
navel oranges.
W. P. Hooper, Palermo— Washington navel
oranges.
A. J. Hutchinson, Lindsey— Washington
navel oranges.
Sultz A Wilson, Porterville— Washington
navel orange*.
Pioneer Vineyard and Orchard Company,
Porterville— Washington navel oranges.
Oroville Citrus Association, Xhermalito—
Washington navel oranges.
DIPLOMA OF GENERAL EXCELLENCE, WITH SILVER
MKDAL.
George W, Brodbeck, Monterey— Comb honey.
H. Hickmott, Oakland— Asparagus.
Mrs. A. A. Lansing, Los Angeles— Raw silk,
spun silk, etc.
Bishop & Co., Los Angeles— Fruits in glass.
Chino Rancti Company, Los Angeles — Sugar
from the beet.
J. Gundlach & Co., San Francisco— Cabernet.
R. H. Upham, San Francisco— Burgundy, red.
Inglenook Vineyard Company, Inglenook—
Sauterne.
St. George Vineyard Company, Fresno —
Claret.
Los Angeles Company— Fresh fruits, fruit in
glass and dried fruit.
Bishop & .Co., Los Angeles — Fruits in glass,
preserved in syrup.
George A. Betts, Fullerton— Eureka lemons.
California Condensed Fruit Juice Company,
Los (Jfftos — Condensed sweet Muscat grape
juice and other varieties.
S. R. Thorp, Los Angeles— Apricots.
Los Nietos Ranchitoa Walnut-growers' Asso
ciation, Rivera— English walnuts, thin-skinned.
Mrs. A. A. Lansing, Los Angeles— Silk cul
ture.
W. W. Biiss, Duarte— Dried fruit, artistically
arranged.
Earl Fruit Company, Los Angeles—Washing
ton navel orange.
Erwin & Co., Los Angeles— lnsecticide pre
paration.
John Scott, Duarte— For an exhibit of Eureka
lemons.
William P. Strawbridge, Whittier— Geneva
lemons.
G. EL Richardson, Pasadina— Strawberry
guava.
Pultz & Wilson, Porterville— Pomelo.
J. T. it F. F. Baerrs, Porterville— Pomelo.
W. J. Prettyman, Porterville — Seedless
oranges.
R. Linder, Lewis Creek Rancho— Seedless
oranges.
W. P. Putnam, Porterville— Washington navel
oranges.
N. Davidson, Porterville— Washington navel
oranges.
Warren Dried Fruit Company, Santa Clara
County— Dried California prunes, of size, flavor
and color superior to the imported fruit.
DIPLOMA OF HONORABLE MENTION, WITH BRONZE
MEDAL.
E. F. C. Klokke, Los Angeles— Washington
navel oranges.
A. P. Griffiths, Azusa— Wilson seedling
orange.
J. T. & F. E. Baerrs, Porterville— Fancy dan
gerienes.
Hearst Rancho, Palermo— Villa Franca
lemons.
George T. Frost, Porterville — Seedling
oranges.
Orange Vale Colony, Sacramento—Washing
ton navel oranges.
Ventura County— Field anq garden beans.
William V. Lamshar, Los Angeles— Mescal
fibers.
A. McCormick, Propico— lrish potatoes, sec
ond crop 1895.
Mrs. H. W. R. Strong, Whittier— Pampas
plumes and grasses.
San Jose Board of Trade— Field and garden
seeds.
J. H. Cammack, Whittier— Collective ex
hibits.
Bernard Densmore<fc Co., Los Angeles— Jams,
jellies, marmalades, chrystalized fruits.
Bliss Bros., Duarte — Dried fruits.
E. S. Thatcher, Nordhoff— Mediterranean
sweet fruits.
California State Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco— VegetaDle seeds in great variety.
Bishop <fe Co., Los Angeles— Preserved citron
of commerce.
G. S. Spear, Tropico— Tokay and Muscat
grapes.
S. Mastinellis, Watsonville— ApDle cider.
Tiburclo Parrott, Villa Parrotl-«BurgundT.
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company, Plesantia—
Ziufandel.
William V. Lamshar, Los Angeles— Mescal.
California State Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco—Small fruits in glass.
California Slate Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco—Ornamental receptacle for plants.
Nicholas Choehens, Delsar— Almonds.
Mrs. H. W. R. Strong, Whittier— English wal
nuts.
Fire in a Dwelling.
An alarm was turned in from box 243 last
evening for a fire in a two-story frame building
at 2824 Clay street, owned and occupied by
Sam Ualleau as a residence. The names started
from the careless handling of a gasoline stove
The loss was slight.
Assaulted a Seaman.
The case of C. W. Orr, mate of the ship John
M. McDonald, charged with assaulting a sea
man named Smith while on the high seas, is
being tried before Judge Morrow in the United
States District Court.
The late Baron Hippolyte Larrey has
beaueathed to the town of Ajaccio a
collection of Napoleonic curios and pic
tures, which will be added to the museum
there.
The hand of fate hovers over the unwise. th«
youth who in error have dashed the cup of lito
to the floor. It is a fearful horror to be as
strong as an ox to-day, to be weak as a kitten
to-morrow. It is a solemn warning; it should
be heeded. Catch yourself in the nick of time.
If you cannot help yourself the
GREAT HUDYAN
Will help you. Iludyan is a purely vegetable
preparation, but is a powerful one.
Hudyan restores, rebuilds, renews the fires of j
! life. It is for man. It is man's best friend. If
you suffer from weakness, from impaired or lost
manhood, if you have used up your kidneysor
injured your liver you should write and learn
all about the Great Hudyau. Circulars and
testimonials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
FAI L
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco* Leading Specialist,
QUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
0 diseases of the head, throat, tangs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder!
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, nydrocelP and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. falling memory and ail the distress-
ing ills resultine from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if living away from ta«
city and advice will be elven you free of charge.
Address • F. L. »WKANY, M. D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Ofllca),
■ . San Francisco, C'aL
Jfe^-^ICYGLES
jLTIZ^ r? VTT A II
Iff! RISK. ■■•..■:
As Beautiful as Moonlight.
As Steady as a Star. (•.
As Safe as Sunshine. . . ' ■
Men's, three heights, $85.
. Ladies, $75 and $85. . "• ■
Catalogue free. Agents wanted. ■.
& aad &i cf c (so., . ■■■ ', *
J. S. Conweil, Manager, ■ "
18 and .20 McAllister St.. S. : P.
/$&& SE *^ °4>%^
/ Km- B>CVCL£S » 1
1 mi Mnwuii imiiiiwJiSii i^^? _H
K l^ 1510 Krket'st: m bsJ
T^YPI ? 1 f
vteHRMYST .
I STHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOU«
X eyes and tic them to Spectacles or Eyaglauaj
with imtmmenta of bis otra invention, wiwh
•operiority has not boon equaled. My iuaoou au
Men due to the merits of my worn.
Oflico Hours— 1- 10 4ftM. . '-«. <■}* ' '
IRON BEDS, :
fc. I t ■ . BRASS BEDS.
<"~ f . ■ FOLDING BEDS
Wire .and Hair Mat-
. tresses, Koclinini;
....."■.' ■•'■•-' Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
T " " " ' "■-' '. > .'•■:■ Commodes, Back Rests
! l fhfftilf W. A. Wheel Chairs,
" " 1 Commodes, Back Rests
t fttfftlff W. A. SCHROCK.
sHjiJl^ —ai—
Mga^^ _ ■'" ■ New Montgomery
f ' %*• I J St., under lirauil •
H :s.> :i i . ~" '.Hotel. ».!*.■ , :
«r* a ■■ an A laxative refreshing ?OJ
1 ft KB II M fruit 107.-u S e,
| nilinil very apreeabW- :o take.
CONSTIPATION , ;
.... ' . _ '_._ hemorrhoids, bile,
I RJ li I L II loss of appetite, gastric an*
IN El lE.' ■■ intestinal troubles and
■ ■■■•■*■■» headache arising 7 :
. from them. -. - -
Anil I All E. ORILLON',
I«nl I UN 38 Bne dl 9 Archives, Par!*
M _ I ™ ■■"■■' Sold by «]' UruggUa.
TO MERCHANT TAILORS
-A.2>Tl> OtTTTBIIS:
ANOLDESTABLISI£KDTKADEFOR SALE
cheap, on account of sickness. Apply at 431
Kearny street, between '2 and -1 o'clock. . -
C 3 QSa/lOFOXiITAIVr,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth. St., San
Iranciscq, Cal.— most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 -5 nnJ $1 60 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 500
and 7 5c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*-
mopolitan Hotel. W'M. FAHEV, I'roprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
'i^HABXES H. . PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-ATV
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st,, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Residence, ib'JO F«ll at. Tel*
phone 079. Residence telephone. "Pine 2591."
HEALTH RESORTS. .' •
TnE^OELENASMITARIUII,
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT !
I ■/■■ ; v * - bend for Circular,
i ■■■■■■■■■-■" ■ . ■ - ■ .-
56
: CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
.V...- ' Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
Tally and Sunday Pali., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Tally and Sunday Call, year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
Dally nnd Sunday Call; six mouths, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and SundaypALL, three montbs by mall 1.60
Dally «nd Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .65
. Sunday Call, one year, by mail '.'.'. ;. ..... .■ 1.60
. Wuklv Call, one year, by ma 11...... 1.60
. BUSINESS OFFICE: .
. ' ' .■ .710 Market Street,
. San Francisco, California.
Telephone. .:... ;„....•.„...:..... Main— lßßß
. EDITORIAL ROOMS: -
-• '. ." -'. .• : 17 (.'lay Street. :-.W.i>>"
I»phon* ...... ...Matn-1874
.. : BRANCH OFFICES:
630 MontßOmery street, corner Clay; open until
• :30 o'clock. I-" ' .
339 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'cloclt:
718 Larkla street; open until 9:80 o'clock. .
fc\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 0 o'clock. 1 • " ' . .
2518 ilibsiou street^ open until 9 o'clock.
118 Klnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
MM Broadway. ;
. EASTERN OFFICE:
JtO^nn SI and 52, $4 Park Row, New Tort City.
. . ' DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY:.....". FEBRUARY '28. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
A conference tariff biil is now in order.
The only cloud in the Senate that has
any electricity in it is the one with the
silver lining.
The Grand Jury is beginning to show its
hand and so far it seems to be.& very full
hand indeed. ; . . ' .
The more Dernocracv seeks for a Presi
dential candidate the more fellows it finds
going the other A\;:iy. ■-...'■
The railroad advocates have a thousand
suggestions about funding the debt, but
not one abaut paying it.
. .•
Now that the emergency tariff is out of
the way there is room for one that will put
an end to the emergency.
A little while ago tho Eastern people
were bragging of %. mild winter, but now
they are swearing it is the worst on record.
We shall yet have to put Senator Sher
man's de:imtion of bimetallism under a
cathode ray to rind. out. what there is in it.
The men who undertook to read Senator
Carter out of the Republican party ate
now wishing they had stayed at home that
day.
In the mouths of some of the goldbugs
the talk of bimetallism is hardly mOre
honest than the talk of a gold-brick swin
dler.
The poolroom faki.-s have now found out
that the law is a buzzsaw and that the po
lice are going to keep it in perpetual
motion.
It is reported that a formidable revolft
tion has broken out in Nicaragua, but the
report means only that normal conditions
prevail.
It is worth noiing thai ever since the
discovery of the Roentgen ray Kaiser
William has been keeping in the back
ground.
It seems that when Boies decided not to
make the Presidential race on the Demo
cratic donkey he had his eye on the Popu
list cart.
A notable feature of the crisis in the af
fairs of the Salvation Army is that the
members talk very little and keep On saw
ing wood. : -..-.■
On the Cuban question as well as on
that of the tariff the Senate would show
more dignity if it bad more action and
less oratory.
Advertising will do anything except find
a Democrat with a National reputation
who is willing to risk it in a Presidential
rate this year.
The movement toward transforming Su
tro Heights and the beach into something
like Coney Island should go slow or it
may go too far. .-".*'
It has come to the point when we must
either recognize the right of the Cubans to
make war or the right of the Spaniards to
make a inassae.r^.'. ■ Wwftfifa
1 !.r> thing that disturbs the Democrats !
mo.-i is not that so many leaders decline '•
to be Presidential candidates, but that'
Cleveland' doesn't.
The <iovernment promise "of an improve
ment in the Mint i 3 srood, but we would
prefer to see sonic improvements on the
fcice for the new Postortice building.
From the sale of the celebrated stallion
Direct for 50 small a sum as $8250 it
would seem the bicycle is running down
the racer as well as the buggy horse.
The robber 3 who shot the cashier of the
bank at Wichita .falls were drawn on by a
Texas mob, and it is scarcely necessary to
add that they paF c ed in their checks.
The photographic effect of the Roentgen
ray is said to have Lien duplicated by a
common horseshoe magnet, and before
long the kodak will be doing the job.
Senator Carter's plea for a Republican
tariff bill in place ol the emergency bill
comes at the right- time, was made in the
right place and e;oes to the right spot.
Every now and then a howl from, the
dealers in impure milk gives the people
notice that Inspector Uockery is going on
with his good work as vigorously as ever.
Americans who are willing to fight for
Cuban independence are called filibusters,
but that is not the name we gave to La
Fayette and the men who helped us in
177 U.
The attempt of Senator Morrili and
others to read the advocates of bimetallism
out of the Republican party was the kind
of reading that is more exciting than
edifying.
Attorney Hubbard says there is only one
man living who can tell the earnings of
the Pacific roads, but Huntington said the
only man who could tell was Mark Hop
kins, and he is dead.
Now that the strike of the garment
makers has spread from Chicago to other
Eastern cities there will be demand for a
popular treatise on "plain sewing made
easy, or every man his own pantsmaker."
"Republicans of the East believe in a
double standard of value in accordance
with the constitution and the doctrine of
Alexander Hamilton," says Senator Hoar,
ana on that platform the West stands with
t>»ei».
THE PIRATE RAVES.
Mr. Huntington'g mud machine, which
performs its work under the name of a
"literary bureau," has been set to a new
employment. The task of deiiling leading
men of the State by quoting them as sup
porters of the funding scheme and at
tributing words to them which they never
uttered has been abandoned for a lime,
and the machine set at work to do what it
can to bring into ill repute the great ana
successful enterurise of constructing the
San Joaquin Railroad.
The attack on the competing road was
made, of course, through the medium of
the Evening I'tut, the organ in this City of
the Southern Pacific of Kentucky, and
was made yesterday with as much force as
the Literary Bureau could pack into an
editorial something more than a column
in lencth.
The ariici.e is notable because it is the
first open assault the monopoly has ven
tured to make upon the San .Joaquin road.
Hitherto the antagonism has been of the
covert kind whose attacks are made slyly,
secretly and by indirection. Now the
antagonism is avowed. The monopoly
assails the enterprise of the people with
almost every form of vehemence known
to literature. There are evidences in the
article of futile attempts at satire, sar
casm and irony, and some successful one*
at indiscriminate abuse, misrepresentation
and plain Jying.
The public is told that some of the pro
moters of the San Joaquin road are
anxious to have it appear as "an elee
mosynary institution, built for the good
of the public, constructed with benevolent
purpose and devoted wholly to salving the
souls of men." That is a specimen of the
satire. The public is further told,
"The only indication that the San
Joaquin Valley Railroad is a rail
road is in the rapacity and greed it
has manifested for gifts in the way of
terminal facilities at its termini and in
the towns through which it is to be
built." That is a specimen of the plain
lying. From these specimens a public
too bnsy to attend to all the futilities of
the Literary Bureau may judge the resr.
Through all the forms of the long-drawn
out attack there nuts the one purpose of
beating down the competing road if pos
sible by m&liening its prom^tors, assailing
its methods and depressing its credit. It
is a bold attempt to destroy the prestige
of the road and weaken public confidence
in it to such an extent that the nsonopol3*
may be saved from the competition that
threatens.
This new form of antagonism, however,
though more offensive, is not more dan
gerous than that which the monopoly has
shown to the San Joaquin road ever since
its conception. Past attacks have failed
and this one will fail. All the rage of
words in the whole column will only con
vince the public that the competing road
must be doing good work for the State,
since the monopo'y is so eager to malign it.
SILVER AND THE TARIFF.
. The debate in the Senate on the com
bined silver and tariff issues has cleared
up the controversy sufficiently to show
the ground on which all Republicans can
stand. Senator Carter on the one hand
explained that his opposition to the tariff
bill was not due to any desire to force
silver legislation on the Senate at this
time, bin to the fact that th« bill, being a
purely emergency measure, was hastily
drawn and full of defects. On the other
hand Senator Hoar disclaimed any inten
tion to support gold monometallism or
the Cleveland monetary policy, and de
clared 'the Republicans of tfee Slast be
lieve in a .double standard of value, in
accordance with the constitution and the
doctrine promulgated by Alexander Hamil
ton."
On the showing made by these state
ments it ought to be easy for all Republi
cans in Congress to find a basis of agree
ment. Silver legislation at this session
would be useless, for Cleveland would veto
it. and, moreover, it is not imperative. On
the other hand tariff legislation is im-
perative. Every month shows a deficiency
in the revenue, and every day shows large
withdrawal* from the gold reserve. I iitil
we have some change in the tariff these
deficiencies' will continue, the drain on the
reserve will go on, and beJo.re the next ses
sion of Congress Cleveland may find
another opportunity to please his Wall
street friends by making a further increase
in the bonded debt of the country.
Senator Carter's statement that before
Morrill called up the tariff bill in the Sen
ate efforts were being made to bring about
a conference between the Republicans of
both houses, so that a satisfactory adjust
ment of differences might be made, cer
tainly affords a sufficient explanation for
voting against Morrill's motion. Why
should he vote to take action on one bill
wiien arrangements were already under
way to provide another? 'Ihe fact that
such a conference was being prepared was
in itself a justification for the course pur
sued by Carter and other Western Sen
ators, and disposes of the charge that they
made a deadlock on the tariff for the pur
pose of compelling the passage of a silver
bill.
It is well known that the emergency
I tariff bill is not a Republican measure,
■ and was passed by the House only because
! it was believed that Democratic support
would be given in the Senate, so that it
I could be enacted and put into operation at
i once for the relief of the treusury. As the
i Democrats, however, have refused to vote
I for it, and the Democratic President has
declared he does not need it, there is cer-
t ainly no reason why Republicans should
make it a test of party allegiance. It
I should be thrown aside as Carter suggests
I and a conference bill agreed upon by the
! Republicans, of both houses should be re
i ported in its place.
It is politics, of course, for Democrats to
make as much of seeming divisions among
Republicans as possible. In this case,
however, they will have their trouble for
their pains. The division which seemed
so manifest in the vote on the bill has
been explained away by the debate. There
has been by the Senators of the East and
of the West a clear declaration in favor of
the principles of protection and bimetal
iism, and on that platform the united
party will in the future as in the past con
tinue to legislate for the welfare of the
people.
EVADING PAYMENT.
General Hubbard, speaking before the
House Committee on Pacific Roads, has
made many extraordinary declarations,
but the hardiest of all is that it is never
the policy of railroad companies to pay
the principal of their debts, but that the
sole aim is to keep the interest paid. If
this is really the policy of the railroads of
this country, Congress has a new and oriei
nal evil to handle, and General Hubbara
deserves the thanks of the country for
calling attention to it.
One of the fundamental objections to a
refunding of the railroad debts is the very
one that General Hubbard baa advanced in
favor of the proposition. Refunding would
be a recognition and indorsement of that
evil by the Government, and that would
be the setting apart of railroads as a class
from the operation of ordinary
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28. lKytf.
business principles, even in relations with
the Government. This would be giving
them an enormous advantage over other
creditors. A worse feature of refunding
would be the establishing of a precedent
for exempting stockholders in a corpora
tion from individual liability as such. The
laws of California and of other States im
pose snch a liability on stockholders.
Refunding would destroy that liability
and reduce the resources for recovery on a
deficiency judgment to the physical prop
erty mortgaged for the security of the
debts. To destroy that security is a sim
ple task for railroad managers. It would
be an extraordinary thing for the Congress
of the United States to take a course in
subvention of laws which a number of the
States have evolved from painful ex
perience.
General Hubbard's proposition. is daring
in the extreme. Applied to the refunding
biJls which he advocates it means that
even at the expiration of the fifty or a
hundred years to which it is proposed to
extend the time for paying the debt it
will not be expected by the successors of
the parties in interest that the debt will
be paid. On the contrary, one extension
of a debt fallen due will commit the Gov
ernment to further extensions. Worse
than that, the funding bills propose to
lend to men who have proved themselves
utterly untrustworthy a vast sum of
money at half the rate of interest which it
exacts from ordinary honest citizens. The
proposition is monstrous from every point
of view. The loan— for an extension of
the debt is nothing but the making of a
new loan — is prouosed to be made to per
sons who have already defaulted on the
interest of the original loan and who have
crippled the Government's power of re
covery by deliberately impoverishing its
security. If there is an intelligent citizen
of the Tinted States, apart from the
schemers who' are urging this extraordi
nary policy, who is anxious to see it
adopted he may rest assured that his
name will have an unhappy perpetuation
in the history of the country.
EOBBING "CEMETEEIES.
A remarkable epidemic of grave-robbin°
is afflicting the country. ' One of the most
sensational cases was recently furnished
by the medical department of Worces
ter University, Ohio. Only a few days ago
the grave in which a woman had been in
terred in this City was found open and
the body exposed, but the reason for the
act has never been ascertained. The most
remarkable story of all, and the least
credible, comes from Seattle and is to the
effect that a regular traffic in stolen
human bodies is carried on between per
sons ia Seattle and certain medical col
leges of San Francisco, and that the
bodies are shipped to this City by steamer.
While all this is going on the news
conies from Paris that the medical schools
have made a rule not to admit foreign
students who have not obtained the degree
of bachelor of arts or of bachelor of
sciences from pome approveu college, the
reason being that the laboratories are
overcrowded and that it is impossible to
secure a sufficient number of subjects for
dissection. If these cannot be found in
Paris where may they be sought?
One of the horrors which charity hospi
tals hold tor the unfortunate poor is the
reasonably aure prospect of fetching up on
a dissecting table at lasc, and yet these are
the principal source of suppiy for the
medical college. That failing, the tempta
tion to employ any one who undertakes to
deliver bodies to the colleges is very strong.
If the eyes of the college authorities are
closed there can be no sufficient safeguard
in such cases against a dangerous hand
ling of infectious diseases. While there is
probably a great deal less of this sort of
r-ookedness than b popularly supposed,
the fact that the Ohio institution undoubt
edly secured its subject by such means
cannot be overlooked.
It is not at all unlikely that such dis
coveries a 9 this will create a popular senti
ment which will require the cremation of
all pauper subjects. This would work a
very serious injury to the medical profes
sion', as dissection is an essential pan of
the instruction of students. "Body
snatching" will have a similar tendency
with those who otherwise would prefer to
inter their dead, but might be driven to
cremation by rear of ghouls. The estab
lishment of an adequate patrol of ceme
teries is certainly called for and might well
be required. by legislation.
A POEM BY CHARLES DUDLEY
WARNER.
It is not generally known that Mr. Charles
Dudley Warner sometimes drops into poetry
for the delectation of his friends, writes a cor
respondent of the Boston Herald. He has done
this to celebrate special occasions among them,
but has seldom allowed his effusions to appear
in print. We are strongly inclined, from in
ternal evidence, to suspect that the following
verses, which have just appeared in the Hart
ford Courant, are from his graceful pen:
THE DANCE OP THE BONNETS.
All np and down the brilliant house,
Tbrougb Circle, Box, Parquet,
BArowsand rows of waiting folk.
Men, Uairus. and damsels gay;
All with their bright, expectant looks,
Care-fret as if in story books,
Impatient for the Play.
At last the lights turned, suddeu, low,
The curlaiu upward went,
Each voice was hushed and ;-arment'B stir;
With eyes and ears intent
Upon the -jKtrk;nj_'. lovely scene
\s itli elfs and fays the brooks between,
tacli eager face was bent.
But one, aghast, eoulrl nothing see
Kxoopt a moustrous plunm:
While tlirei! red ros<-s hich nwave —
From Paris sltill abloom—
Before another's straining eyes,
Wiili suut:y tilt and savage size,
1)1(1 loom, and loom, ami loom.
And hard by this another sat,
M<-t'k soul but now a-rage,
For two wide-spreading, fan-like wings
Concealed just half the stat;e.
Sometimes a player's head or hand
Or fragment of a dancing band
Would fall within his guuge.
One dame, behind a ribbon tower,
■^■- - Felt honest, true amaze '
That thoughtful she of tiniest toque
. - Must thus be spoiled of gaze.
She knew not that her light aigrette
To eyes behind would only let
Things pass as through a haze.
And so the dance began— to right,
To left— right again—
The flower, the feather, silken bow,
The wing of bright bird slain.
O weirU chu.s.se! row after row,
The bonnets come, the bonnets go,
Till curtain drops and- from' the show
Wend weary eyes and brain.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Langtry has made a success as a reciter
in London. She prefers her new line of work
to the annoyance and worry of a stage life.
Miss Eliza Turner of Clifton Springs, N. Y.
has been invited to become pastor of the Uni
vers&list Church of Zanesrille, Ohio. She is 22
years old, cultured and eloquent.
RThe Governor of Kentucky lms appointed
Dr. Catharine Houser a physician in the State
Insane Asylum at Hopkinsvillo in answer to a
petition signed by a great number of women
and men.
Adam Turner, an undertaker, recently stood
as a Parliamentary candidate for North Bel
fast, Ireland. He offered to "bury free"
every man who would vote for him. He was
defeated. '
"It would begin to appear as though there
was some truth in the statement," says a Lon
don correspondent of the Philadelphia Ledger,
"which 1 have heard from more than one
quarter, to the effect that Lord Dunraven has
been for the past six months barely responsible
for his own actions."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
The notorious Count de Toulouse Lnutrec,
otherwise Nicholas de Savin, who was here re
cently, and went to St. Louis at the solicita
tion of a big railroad supply manufacturing
firm, seems to have been dropped like a hot
potato on the banks of the Mississippi.
Reed Northup, Jay Gould's nephew, who
lives in St. Louis, and who has followed the
career 01 the alleged Count more or less
closely, nas been a guest at the Palace tor
some days. He says the St. Louisinns took up
the man for a time who played for the Bul
garian throve and wound up as a Siberian
convict, but when they found what they had
on their hands they let him go.
The nobleman has therefore passed on to
pastures which may possibly prove greener.
The Alleged Count dc Toulouse Lautrec, Otherwise Nicholas de Savin.
[Sketched from life b\j a " Call " artist.]
He is in Chicago, and a newspaper there has a
long story in reference to the Count. It shows
the curious wav the Count talks, with other
things, that will shed sidelights on his career.
It will be noticed that he nas a scheme.
"A king's job is the best in the world, and I
wanted to get Into it," laughed Count A. C.
Savine de Toulouse Lautrec as he sat in his
gorgeously furnished office on Michigan
avenue.
"I had everything arranged to be a king, but
the Russian Government objected. The Czar
sent his men an.l I was seized and thrust into
a dungeon in the prison of Peter aud I'aul in
Petersburg. For a while I languished in
the dungeon. Then I wrote to his Majesty
Alexander three— ah, third, you say. Said I
to Alexander: 'Why are you so harsh with me?
You have a great, big throne— l wanted only a
little one. You have the softest snap— is that
what you call it?— in the world— loo,ooo,ooo
people to rule and everything just as yoii de
sire. I only want to rule 3,000,000 or 4,000,
-000 and have things about half as I desire.
Can't we fix it up some way?' Then the Czar
laughed and stnt me to Siberia.'"
The Chicago paper add.s: "The 1 Count is
in Chicago as a contractor for the great
Siberian railway, and hopes to form a
syndicate to Improve the grand resources of
the dreaded wilderness of Asia. He is, accord
ing to all stories told of his career, one of the
most remarkable adventures of the nge, and,
withal, a most pleasant and genial gentleman,
lie it was who, years ago, plotted with the fa
mous Stambuioff for the crown of Bulgaria,
and, had nut his plans been betrayed, would
have been seated on that stormy throne. His
boldness in daring to presume to royal honors
was punished by imprisonment and exile, but
the Russian Government forgave him long a>;o
and he is now considered one of the most
prominent of Siberian business men.
"The room where the Count Bits, writes and
plans is intensely cold. The breath of the visitor
freezes as it passes his lips and his teeth chat
ter like castanets. Yet the Count sits there, in
his dressing-gown and slippers, as oomfortable
rs could be imagined. The landlady, ushering
in the casual visitor, whisperinglx explained:
'Excuse the cold room. The Count will have
it so — say's that's the way he has been used to
things at home.'
" 'Is it too cold?' the Count remarked, as he
ran his linger over a map of Siberia. 'Well,
we can have it warmer, but this room now is
uncomfortably hot to a man who has lived in
Siberia.
" 'I have lots to do In Chicago,' the Count
went on. '1 want to form a erand syndicate
and interest millions in the great Siberial rail
way, and I want to publish my history, not for
any pecuniary reasons, but because it would
make good reading. Think of all 1 have seen
and suffered. Think of the men 1 have met
and the nations I have teen among. Jtou;;ht
to be quite entertaining. No, lam not going
into the king business any more. I have had
enough and will stick where I am. What,
going? Come and see me again and look over
these maps of Siberia with me.'
"And the man who would be a king bowed
the way to the door like a chevalier of old."
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE VITICULTUBAI. LIBRARY.
The Secretary of the Late Commission Tells
What Was Done With It.
To the Editor of tfie San Francisco Call— Sir :
I notice in The Call of the 26th inst. a state
ment to the effect that after turning over the
property of the Viiicultural Commissioners 10
the regents of the university, "the members of
the commission still retained the library," etc.
I wish you would correct this. When the
old Viticultural Commission expired by law, I,
as its secretary, turned over all of the property
to Secretary J. 11. C. Borne of the regents, and
I hold the receipt of the regents for the name.
It is the intention of the new College of Prac
tical Viticulture to proceed at once with the
creation of a new library. I know of many
•viticultunsts in this Jjtate who will contribute
to this collection now that they know that
politicians will have no hand in directing the
affairs oi the college, and that the necessity for
a biennial scramble at Sacramento is over.
Measures will be taken to make this new
library the equal of the old one, as far an this is
possible. There are some rare volumes that
are next to impossible to duplicate, but some
of these are valuable only as curiosities ana
can aa well be dispensed with. The object will
be to collect every work of standard merit at
first, and steadily add to the library as occa
sion offers.
On account of the error above mentioned I
have received an insulting message from A. P.
Haync of Berkeley, who, luuderstand, is Pro
fessor Hilgard's mouthpiece, but who other
wise would be unworthy of notice. As I have
Secretary Bonte's receipt for the library of the
old commission, and as but live books which
cost the State anything Were lost during my
five years* custodianship of tho books, in spite
of the fact that the library was stmi-public, it
is in decided bad judgment for insinuations
to emanate from Berkeley.
Winfield Scott.
San Francisco, February 27.
THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT.
A Scbject Who Feels Thoroughly Satisfied
With It.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
Is a humble and unpretentious specimen of
the genus homo Britannica, and withal an ad
mirer of tuis press-ruled country, m»y I be
allowed to express through the" medium of
your columns my gratitude for your generous
tone in commenting on the probable outcome
of the trial of Captain Jameson and his fellows?
It comes all the more gratefully, too, that
it loUows, tardily, on a period when every
action of my countrymen — imaginary or
otherwise— has met with angry cummei.t
and wholesale denunciation. 1 think none
of my countrymen can have any possible
objection to legitimate criticism, but to
that kina of criticism which condemns first
and tries afterward we offer a mild protest.
As discretion is the better part of valor, let it
go at that.
We do lay claim, despite all assertions to the
contrary, to an equal appreciation of justice
with yourselves. That we are a successful col
onizing power, in fact, the only one, is suscepti
ble of proof. That wherever the British flag
floats there also is good government and free-
1 dom in the fullest meaning of the term. That
tbere is not.a British port the wide world over
in which your merchantmen are not as free to
trade bs are our own. That we nowhere place
obstacles in the way of commerce, irrespective
of source, la undeniable, and that we safeguard
the life and liberty of the stranger within our
gates is no mere play upon words. Further
more, we do not seek to acquire at the expense
of other responsible nations or communities
one single foot of territory.
That when we have met with rouph treat
ment aud injustice inflicted upon the indi
vidual persons of our it-llow-coniitrymen by
savage gentlemen like Ketehwayo, and have
found it necessary to assert and emphasize the
| value ot civilization, we ought su-rely not to
| be crltlefzsd by the people who have herded
the aborigines of this great country into res
ervations for their own and the general good
of the community. Finally may I be par
doned it I a<k you, Mr. Editor, and all those of
your readers who are fairminded, to consider
that in all essential points the British tiovern
ment interferes as little in the affairs of its
subjects as does the Government of these
United state-, with t lie additional safeguard
that an unpopulflr party cannot retain con
trol of the machinery of legislation for one
single hour after the voice ot the people has
bees declared against it in the House of Com
mons.
Trusting that the generous spirit which
I bare already referred to may animate not
only your facile pen. but surge through and
over your brethren oi the press, I remain,
A Scot Abroad.
San Francisco, Feb. 26, 1896.
A SONG OF TIME.
Weep not for the hereafter—
The burden of the years;
I"or 'lime stays not for laujjhtpr,
And Time stays not for tears.
On swiftest pinions flying
lie speeds o'er land and sea;
Shall roses dead or dying
. Revive because of thee?
Cure not fnr sharp thorns springing;
To then be Ufa complete
If any bird is ftiiigin;;,
Aud any ruse is sweet.
What ma may come hereafter ■
Will come despite thy fears;
Time lingers not for laughter,
Arid Time stays not for tears.
" "• Frank Stavton-.
CURRENT HUMOR.
•Maria— l toll you, Joshua, this Is the kind of
man that I like to see elected.
Joshua— How's that?
Maria— Well, instead of cavortin' 'raound
tellin' wat he'd deu, the paper said he just
stayed to home aud "mended his fences."—
Puck.
Young Mrs. Years!., ide — Can you suggest
any way at all in which 1 can make home more
attractive to my husband?
Old Mrs. Mulberry (tartly)— You might invite
one of your husband's old sweethearts to stay
two or three months with you.— Somerville
Jourva!.
''What is that queer splotch on the face of
the earth?" asked Apollo.
"That?" replied Pegasus, looking down over
his shoulder at the remains of the would-be
poet. "That is a little thing I tossed off a
short time ago in a moment of inspiration."
Indianapolis Journal.
'Tis now the salesman gazes
With an inquiring eye,
And wonders if she's "shopping,"
Or if she wants to buy.
—Buffalo Times.
Mr. Porkchopsj-I hear, mamma, that them
Brown-Joneses have been sayin' very com
plimentary thins s about us. They said we
were parvenoos.
Mrs. Porkchops— Parvenoos? Do you think
that is complimentary?
Mr. Porkchops— Why, yea. I've been looking
into the matter, and I take it that paryenoos is
people who has managed to git thar.— Puck.
"Excuse me, sir," said Barker to a boorish
traveler, "but, what is your business?"
"I am a gentleman, sir; that's my business "
"Ah," said Barker, "I see; you are taking a
vacation."— Harper's Bazar.
"How old is your daughter, Mr. Dinkelspiel?"
•'Forty, Mr. Harkin*; but to you I'll quote her
at 30, net." — Harper's Bazar.
"My life!" cried the impassioned lover, "I
lay my heart— l mean my stomach— at your
feet."
He had-reflected suddenly that she was the
graduate of a cooking school, ana he was fain
to make his plea as moving and attractive as
possible.— Detroit Tribune.
"Come here, I want to see you," said the seal
hunter.
"What fur?" asked the seal.
"On a matter of business," said the m»n.
"I don't want any business relations with
you," remarked the seal, with a flipper at his
nose, "I'm afraid you'd skin me."—Pnilaael
phia Record.
Hortense— Did you &ay Mr. Spoouer swore all
sorts of things, on his bendel knees last
night?
Henrietta— Yes; there was an upturned tack
on thecarpet just where he kneeled.— Yonkera
Statesman.
It is generally easier for a wire to go upstairs
and find something for her husband in a bureau
drawer than it is for her to put the drawer in
order again after he has found it. — Somerville
Journal.
Student— Now. that's queer! My father says
my studying cost him a fortune, and I am sure
I study very little.— Fleigende Blaetter.
PERSONAL.
N. H. Pabst of Philadelphia is in the City.
O. C. Perkins of Yuma, Ariz., is at the Palace.
E. E. Pannelee of New York is among recent
arrivals here.
Thomas McGovern, a business man of Reno,
is at the Rues.
R. F. Burton of Apiti, N. Z., was among yes
terday's arrivals.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental is H.
leischinaun of Quezaltenango.
Jefferson Chandler, the well-known attorney
and politician of Washington, D. C, is at the
Baldwin.
Mrs. M. J. Durand of Peoria, 111., immigra
tion agent for the Rock Island route, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan.
L. W. Moultry, City Attorney of Fresno, is in
the City. He has come to argue some cases in
reference to the Valley road.
J. C. Nealon, manager of the San Jose Brick
Company, is hunting snipe and other birds
with several friends near Sacramento.
M. 11. Palmer, a retired capitalist of London,
England, accompanied by his wife, is visiting
his friend, Major William Fahey of the Cos
mopolitan.
Manager Hatch of the steamer Monticello
has gone to his former home on Puget Sound.
It is said he may return to the Sacramento
River with another steamer.
J. H. Marsh of New York, traveling agent of
the American News Company, who has been
here for ceveral days, left for the East yester
day. He has been on a tour of the coast for the
news company.
Ex-Senator McPherson of New Jersey, who ar
rived here about three weeks ago accompanied
by his family, has gone to Southern California
for a while. His health is not the best. He
hopes to be benefited by the California cli
mate. ■ .
Baron Hengenmullcr, the Minister from Aus
tria to the United Slates, who arrived here in. a
special car from Washington Wednesday even
ing, accompanied by the Baroness Hengen*
muller, is greatly pleased with San Francisco.
He is at the Palace. The Austrian Consul and
several friends called on the visitors yesterday.
Colonel John S. Mosby, the noted Confeder
ate leader, who was interviewed in The Call
on December 22 and opposed" the position of
the administration on the Venezuelan ques
tion, has received a copy of tne London Times,
in which the whole of the Interview was pub
lished, and he was commended editorially at
lenth by the Times.
Robert S. Myers, who was in the Bethlehem
Steel Worics for several years as an all-around
mechanic and. pattern-maker, has returned
here after several months' absence in Europe.
His object in going abroad was to inspect ship
armor and Krupp and other guns. He was ac
companied on his trip by a Government en
gineer.
Mrs. Z. F. Moody of Salem, Or., wile of ex-
Governor Moody of that State, is in the City.
Mrs. Moody and her husband were among the
early Oregon pioneers. They came all the way
from Wisconsin overland in a heavy wagon
drawn by oxen. For some years prior to be
coming Governor, as well as since, Mr. Moody
has been engaged in wool-buying and banking
at The Dalles, Or. One of the sons has, for
some time, been District Attorney at Port
Townsend, Waah.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
KEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 27.— Among recent
arrivals are: J. J. Brooks, B. B. Thayer, Hoff
man; R. Adams, Plaza; J.S. Russell, St. Cloud;
B. Spier, Belvidere.
LADY'S SHIRT WAIST.
This will be found a very becoming ivaist,
the fullness below the flat yoke mating it a
good shape, both for slender and stout figures.
Made of a colored chambray, say plain pink
or pink and white stripe, with cuffs and collar
of white, is the latest fancy. The collar and
cuffs may be made separate, simply binding
neck and sleeves and making the necessary
buttonholes in bands and the cuffs and collar.
Make a Bet to match and another of white
linen and twice the amount of service can be
gotten out of one waist.
Plain natural-colored linen is much used
this season, and some show a piping of white
around cult's, collar and yoke.
A MONUMENT TO PARNELL,
A monument is to be erected to the memory
of Charles Stewart Parnell on the summit of
the Great Sugarloaf Mo untair County Wicklow,
Ireland. The design adopted is certainly a novel
one. It is that of a lightnouse tower, crowned
The Parnell Monument.
with sixteen large and powerful mirrors, eight
ot which are vertical and eight inclined at an
angle so as to reflect the sun's beams into Dub
lin and Wicklow. The effect, says the Dublin
World, will be that of a glittering jewel, illum
inating the country pud the coast, as "the
flash of Parnell'a genius" shed a luster on
Irish contemporary history. The mirrors will
be hermetically mounted' in bronze framen,
and the tower will be constructed of granite
from County Wicklow. Operations will be
begun as 6oon as the weather and the state of
the funds permit. Care will be taken not to
injure the exquisite outline of the mountain
as a feature in the landscape.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
No Looting — C. M. P., Mountain View, Cal.
When the English took possession of Rangoon,
on Irriwaddy River, many years ago, the place
was not looted.
Bootblacks— A. C., KeUeyvilte, Lake County,
Cal. Answer as to bootblacks in San Francisco
was published in The Call Sun dny, February
16, in "Answers to Correspondents."
Histoky ok Commjsuce— K. H. V., City. Some
of the best works relating to the history of
commerce and works oil commercial geogra
phy are to be seen at the Free Public Library
Insurance Policy— Leslie, San Jose, Cal. As
"Answers to Correspondents" .is not in' the. ..
brokerage line it <!aflnot inform you whe.rey.ftu.--.
can dispose of a s3ooo life insurance pohcy-.lar •
i $2000. .-.••■' -..•:' .. .>■ -'■■•;■';•=': -•■■ ' .•"• ~] : £'■• •■'•'
Ftndim? Bills— R. H C.; Oakland, Gal. There .. :
are two refunding bills- be.fore Congress. At this.
time-one introduced by: Re Hi y &nd the other .
by- Smith. You can obtain" copies of ■tnese.-oy .;
j writing to the Representative from your dis- .=.
! trict at Washington. : •./ -l-.V ."•<.•.■:" ':■■
Limit of ace— Scribbler, City;- To join the .
' Odd Fellows the applicant. must :be 21 years of .-'.
age. There is no limit as to age above that;-. •
' To join the Improved Order 61 Bed Men the • •
i applicant, must be 21 years : of, age. The -ex-- ."
I treme limit at. which one maybe received .is;.- ,
left with the different tribes, put the average, ;
is 50 years. To join the Ancient Order iOf-.,..
United Workmen the limit, of age is not less\ •
than 21 nor more than 45 years. - -.-. • ■ .- /■ V -.; .
Man ant> Wifk— M. P., City. If a married
woman out of her separate property sets apart
a piece of land for a homestead she cau in dn«
fortn of law at a subsequent time file a declara
tion of abandonment. An abandonment of
homestead must be signed by husband and
wife. If a wife should take ,«:JOOO of her sep
arate money, which she had before marriage,
and her husband should «dd S?1000 of his sep
arate money and the tyro buy a piece of rear
estate it would be considered as an investment
in which each would derive profits in proper-,
tion to the' amount invested. The Joint in
vestment would not affect the rights of the
separate ownership of money.
Cooper College— E. L. C, City. All appli
cants for admission to the Cooper Medical
College must give satisfactory evidence of good
moral character and possess the qualifications
specified : A diploma or certificate of gradua
tion of some recognized (by the faculty of the
college) literary or scientific college, from
some recognized medical, pharmaceutical or
dental school, or from a recognized high or
normal school, or a certificate of having passed
examination for admission to any recognized
literary college or university, or a first-grade
diploma or certificate from any recognized
public school board, provided, that these
qualifications are shown to be equivalent to
the requirements of this college for its
matriculating examination. Those not pos
sessing any of the foregoing qualifications
•will be required to pass a matricu
lating examination in the following subjects:
1. English, including grammar and composi
tion. 2. Universal history. 3. Descriptive
geography. 4. Arithmetic, including common
and decimal fractions. ~>. Elementary physics.
0- Latin, including grammar and translations.
[Ptudent<! wbo fail in this latter requirement
accepted conditionally upon qualifying them
selves by the beginning of the ensuing term. ]
7. One of the following Optional subjects, viz. :
(a) Greek; first chapter of St. John's Gospel.
(6) French; first chapter of Telemaque. (r)
German: Adler's Reader, first part, (d) Logic,
(c) Botany, ff) Zoology. (;/) Elementary chem
istry. The course i/ 1 four years. The short
course begins February 1, ends April 30; the
long or regular course; commences June 1, ends
November 30. Thr» feej ttt first year $143,
second and third years $130 each, and fourth
year $40. Further information may be had of
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., the dean.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
•; . ... 3liileniuiri. : '•'-.'■'■': \ ; 'y.-v-{.\,\''- ; " '
' - ;■■.■!• : ' : Hneneine. Herald./ • ; : '••; ; ; : •>: ■>
This year is starting out well: Cathode rays;
aceteolin; north pole. : Where will we be at by
Christmas at this rate? v. H'-IV/v' .V;\.| \-;.- : ; V-.
Protection Still the Watchword. ; ., J
Yreka Journal, :.-.;- '. ••. ; : ; : ';■. ' :• ;■ . •
The Republican party won its first .National-
victory with a tariff plank in its platform, and ; •
that plank is still good. : .: ;.;• \.• ;='.. : , ; ,-..' ;
The.Semoorats Know It. - : ■. : .:-.' ••.
;<•;:",;, Angels Camp Echo..: . .■..■■.■'■.'■•• •
Even Democrats all over the country be
ginning to see that this Nation cannot be run
, without a protective tariff. ; -.: -.- .1 ■:'■■ ;. : . •• '■■
San Francisco Bids. .; •",:.';. Vr
Pasadena Star. j "'.'■■ '-.■?■■■
San Francisco got ,397,000 of the new
bonds— that is, that amount : was negotiated
through that City. Only two cities exceeded V .
it— Xew York and Bosiou. ' . ..;.:!
Uncle Sain Might Do Better. ■.'-•■'
Tulare Register. : :.'•■.'.- ■"
Spain hag not made a success of governing ''■
Cuba and with 80 per cent of the people of
that country black and illiterate there is small
prospect of that country being able to govern
itself any better. '■...-. - •■- . : ; •. ■
: .-..-...• Those State School book*. .'.:•!-.•■•.■.
■ Bedlnnds Cltrbgrapb: / ': : "■: "• !-; : "V'
The regular kick against tb* State school
book fraud is again "on." . We hope the : next
geography will move Redlands out of River
side County, where it never was, and place it
in San Bernardino County, where it is, and
always was, and is glad to be. • • ■ .'; ." . *
Without a Blush. ; •."*' . '•
Placerville Nngget. .. ?* : _';.■■■
The Republican party was forty years old on
Saturday, and it can look back over the whole .
of its life without a blush. Of course, ' the "■
Democracy can do the same thing, but there
is this great difference between the Democrat
and the Republican party— the Democracy can
not blush. _______________ -;■ ;■
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'is*
; . ♦' — 9^— — ■— ■■ ■  ■.-•..-■
Fine eyeglasses, 15c up. 81 Fourth, near
Barber. Sunday,73B Market (Kast's shoestore. }•
• — ♦ — • ■-> —
Special information daily.to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by The Pran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. .* ..
Spring and Summer, 1896.
The undersigned members of the Exclusive
Retail Hatters' Association of San Francisco
have agreed upon Saturday, February 29, as
their opening day for the new spring stvlei:
C. Herrmann «k Co., 328 Fisher & Co., 9 .Montgy
Kearny street CColemen, 130 Kearny
Eugene Korrt, 72(» Mkt Cohl Bros., 226 Kearny
M. s>.Harloe,237Kearny J. Porceer, 1 109 Market
J. C. Meussdorffer At Groom & Hagan 9-12
Son, 534 Third Market
M Meussdorffer, 135 K. Meussdorffer <fc Son,
Montgomery 8 Kearny
Kahn Bros., 1108 Mkt California Hat Works.
K. A. Lundstrom, 605 111 Fourth
Kearny. • Janseni&Thiele,lo46ui
The children of the German Emperor inherit
their father's love of everything military and
anything connected with military affairs, v
few years ago the Empiess went to stay at
Folixstowe with her children. They had hardly
been in the place an hour when one of tha
young Princes slipped into a sho? 1 to buy ft toy.
He was not long over his purchase, for he knew
exactly what he wanted. The new toy was a
.large box of soldiers.
" I Ha» several pimples on my face and a I*ri;e
boil on one band. I began taking Hood's Sarsaca
illa and after using three bottles I was cun?d." .1.
W. Johnson, 3 South Brodenck st., Saa Francisco.
Cobonado. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by ateayn
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel -AM
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. AppL7
4 >iew Montgomery St.. San Fra-icisca
NEW TO-DAY.
SKE THAI TAO?
It's on Every Mantell Cigar. .
"The good die
young/ they say* Not
so with the MAN-
TELL cigar* Smoke
one and you'll krioW
why*
SEE THAT TAG?
It's ou Every Mantell Cigar.FRIDAY FEBRUARY 28, 189G
■^•■-°?r; ■'■". AMISL.MENTS. . :
Baldwin Theater.— "The Mountebank."
California Tiieateb— "The Bicycle GirL"
Corr;xr.iA TnEATEK— •.'The Old Limekiln. 1 ?
Vorosco's Opeka-llocse —■■ Pulse of New
York.
Tivoi.i Opera-house.— "Del Frelschutr."
r : (uri.i'Ai.- High-Class Vaudeville.. ' •
■t-TovFß'.s A i . -A7AK. "lily of Klllarney."
AcriTosira- Corner Eddy and Jones streets—
Sousa's Peeriess Hand, Friday evening, Feb. 28.
1 m: AruiTOßilTM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— (irund Concert, Monday evening, March "i.
Goj.hen Gate Ham-— Grand l'opular Concert,
this afternoon, at S;3O o'clock.
Coopkr Medical. coi.i.E<iE— l.ane Lectures, by
Dr. \V. F. Cheney. •■ Baby's liights."
shoot the Piiiiraii Daily at Halght street,
cue block fast of 't» Park.
i."AY Djbtrict Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Vox Rheix Co. — Thursday, March 6,
F.eal Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
By William J. Imnoee— Saturday, March 7.
Oakland and Alamwia Keal Estate, at* salesrooms,
460 and 462 Eighth street. Oakland, at 2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Trouble In the Junta has developed prepara
tions for an early fight.
Pietro Gori's followers are about to organize
Into an anarchist society.
The weather predictions for to-day are: Rain
and brisk to high westerly winds.
The sudden death of J. X. Gregory Is an
nounced from Cripple Creek, Colo.
William Keith has just sold four paintings to
Timothy Hopkins for a large sum.
The Pacific Bank i« suing R. W\ Button and
C. £. Ichrnan f0r515,500. due on various notes.
Thurlow McMullin, who is being sued by his
wife for maintenance, was on the stand yester
day.
The Rusaian Prince Dolgorouki, en route to
the coronation of the Czar, arrived in the City
yesterday.
The People's Home Bank is suing for unpaid
capital stock due on the shares heia by some
Of its stockholders.
A solemn requiem mass was held yesterday
at the Italian church in memory of the soldiers
■who fell at Amba Aiagi.
ells, Farga & Co. told the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday that the Southern Pacific was
overcharging them at the ferries.
The winning horses at the Bay District yes
terday were: Boreas. Hidaeo,' Installator,
Braw Scot, Vinctor and Derfargilla.
It is beginning to be realized that in sending
its marines over the Southern Pacific lines the
Government was only beating itsnli.
Murder and suicide were the verdict* ren
dered by the Coroner's jury which investi
gated the last Morton-street tragedy.
Yesterday was "labor day ' at the State Uni
versity, and the entire body of students turned
out and worked grading the grounds.
Theodore C. >!arreau and his wife are living
apart by mutual agreement and their separa
tion may be made legally permanent.
Judge Low yesterday dismissed the case
against Robert E. culr/reth. as there was no
evidence whatever against Mr. Ouloreth.
The jury in the case of B. G. Haskell. charged
with embezziement, refused to acquit him yes
terday alter being instructed to do so by "the
court. ■-■■■'
K. R. Bw&in, the Harbor Commissioners' new
architect, tiied his bond and signed the con
tract to sujervise the erection of the new
depot yesterday
In consequence of a warning that an attempt
■was to be made to rob the City Treasury a
small armory has been purchased to protect
the public funds.
John Morris, a machinist living at 1523
Eddy street, was knocked down by a Post-street
car at Polk and Grave streets "last night and
seriously injured. -,"
Jeremiah Lynch is making a vigorous con
test to pet possession of a majority of Hale &
Ncreross stock and expresses confidence in his
ability to succeed. ' '
The Building Trades Council are seriously
considering the. proposition of leasing a large
building and establishing a general trades
union headquarters.
The complete list o! the California prize
itlanta Exposition has
'A. Filctaer, manager of tne
< alifornia State Board of Trade.
:::iah Noonan's furniture-store on Mission
in some unknown cause
early yesterday morning, and the builainc and
• were totally destroyed. The loss
H.:ed at about
The American bark Harry Moise had a
narruw escape irom noins ashore on Aicatraz
Island in the fog yesterday morning. Luckiiv
it cleared up for a few moment, and the cap
■ oing his danger at once dropped his
anchor.
Seventy-five National Guardsmen who at
tended the £tate shoo: on Washington's birtli
day are threatening suits against the company
became, Instead of being given a rebate, they
were compelled to j ay BO cents in excess of the
full regular fare In order to pet home.
At a sur-cessful rally of the League of the
:' St Mary's < latbedral, Father Yor'.e de
livi-rod a witty a?id altogether striking address
on -Temperance and the Catholic Attitude To
ward It." There wa? a prize •-- ij
among members of tha League and it" was won
by Benjamin MeKinley.
The suit of the Government against the
landholders in }he^ Visitation Rancno, includ-
Ing property in San ; Francisco and San Mateo
Counties, will be followed in three days by two
other Milts against the Los l'ulsas and Corde
de Mad re renchos, covering Belvedere. Marin
County, and Redwood City, Sail Maieo. Mil
lions of dollars will be involved.
WAS IT A MISFIT ?
Mrs. F. ST. Pickering Testifies in the
Justices' Court Regarding a
Dress.
Society had its inning in the Justices'
Court yesterday when Mrs. F. M. Picker
ing appeared before Justice Carroll to de
fend herself in a suit brought by J. J.
Raver a« assignee of Mme. Luenberger,
dressmaker. Mrs. Pickering wanted to go
to the horse show, and desiring to do jus
tice to the occasion ordered a gown of the
modiste. The latter claimed on the stand
that the dress when tried on fitted perfectly,
and was corroborated by her assistants,
tffce said, however, that Mrs. Pickering
was faultfinding to an unreasonable ex
tent and that there was no reason why the
dress stiould not have been accepted.
Mrs. Pickering, on tne other hand, tes
tified tliat the dress was illfnting when
?lip first tried it on, and that Mme. Luen
bereer's tinkering with it did not improve
masters. She Rinsed to accept or pay the
|;l"0 demandea by the dressmaker. The
Last time she tried it on and tola the dress
maker it would not do, when the latter
had flown at her and torn the dress vio
lently from her shoulders.
District Attorney Barnes, who repre
sented the defendant, crew eloquent over
the evils nod discomforts of a misfit dress,
and demanded judgment and justice for
(us fair cli-nt. Justice Carroll will give
judgment to-day.
NEW TO-DAT.
Purifies and Beautifies
the Skin by restoring
to healthy activity the
Clogged, Irritated, In-
FLAfiED. Sluggish, or
Overworked Pores.
■ (Tester thin the eombioed (ties of all other Skis
Blip*. Hold throughout the world. British dfpoti F. •
.*■ cwitsr * suvg, Xoodon. Poire* I>cvo * Cam.
Coir.. SAt Prop*.. Boiton. U. 8. A, -
BUTLER MILLER
UNDER SUSPICION
Captain Lees Believes He
Murdered the Alleged
Burglar.
SOME DIRECT EVIDENCE.
A "Hobo" Testifies That Miller
Invited Him to Come to
the House.
GAVE WRITTEN DIRECTIONS.
Locksmiths Say the Picklocks and
Skeleton Keys Were Practi
cally Useless.
The inquest upon the death of the al
leged burglar killed at the house of J. L.
Franklin on the morning of the 17th inst.
was begun yesterday before Coroner Haw-
MILLER, THE WOUNDED BUTLER.
kins, and Butler Miller, his slayer, did not
pose as the hero that all accounts of the
tragedy hitherto given has made him ap
]>ear.
On the contrary, he was from the open- i
ing question put to him by the Coroner
placed in the attitude of a defendant on
trial.
Captain Lees, chief of the detectives, has !
a theory that Miiler is guilty of having en
ticed the alleged burglar into the house
! and killed trim.— enticed him there for that
purpose.
The theory, so far from being a mere
theory, was supported by testimony of a !
startmgly direct character. A man— a
tramp — was produced who said that on the
night preceding by one that uf the killing
he had been invited by Miiler to come to
the house with the promise of a reward.
He absolutely identified Milier and pro
duced a paper said to have been given him
by the butler, upon which directions were
written how to tind the house. This writ- i
ing was compared with others, which |
Miller acknowledged to be his own, and
they bear some striking points of similar
ity. Other evidence strongly corrobora
tive of this theory was presented.
On the other hand Miller denied all
I knowledge of Hays and hi 3 note and is
I supporter in his allegation of an alibi by
| the members of Franklin's family. Frank- i
I iin himself declares himself ready to stake j
his life and his fortune upon the boy's in
nocence.
As for Miller he carried himself through
| the ordeal with a quiet confidence, wholly
free from any sign of either fear or
bravado— like the modest hero that he still
is in the eyes of the Franklin family.
Miller was placed upon the stand im
mediately \ipon the impaneling of the ;
jury. He sat on the opposite side of a |
tabie, at which the Coroner, Captain Lees
jat his side, was seated. The young man
carried his hand in a sling and his
wounded throat was wrapped in white
bandages. He is a handsome yount;
fellow, with regular features molded on
strong lines, brown eyes and brown wavy
hair. His beardless lace was pale wljen he
took his seat and his attitude was one or
dejection, his head drooping, and eye-,
turned away from his questioner, rested
upon and followed the swift fingers of the
stenographer upon his left taking down
question and answer. •
With the lirst question of the inquisitor,
couched in the sharp,stern voice of tl.e prac
ticed prosecutor, ti.e blood bejran to rise
into the pale cheek of ;he witness, and
I continued so to uo until it turned a deep
j crimson as question by question followed
j one another, demanding the story of ni-s
whole pasi life.
Not that any answer to the whole list
gave occasion for shame, but he seemed to
feel that he was defendant there.
Gradually, however, lie aroused himself
under this realization, and after a time j
I turned to face his questioner, and allowed
i his eves to rest upon him in a level, steady
j way tHat had the effect of taking some
! thins: from the sharpness of the inquiry.
By the time the questioning had covered
the space of the young man's past life and
j the night of the burglary had been reached
'.he merest bearing and frank answers of
the young butler had won him the sympa
thj of the audience. It was cvi ient t;.at
be was feeling the sharp tone of the in- j
quiry, but he had not been betrayed irt.-> j
liv- slightest disposition to make a sharp i
retort or an evasion. He told the sti.rv of
his encounter with three burglars, and of
one of them being leit with a revolver at
nis head to guard him, and of how tie,
taking his opportunity, attacked the man
and wrestled with and exchanged s:.ots
with him until he became unconscious.
Then Captain Lees whispered to the
Coroner, and the Coroner asked him to
Illustrate upon the body of O. H. Eejrne
man, Captain Lets private secretary, just
iiow he made the attack. Heyneriiun
stood up. He is a slim, but well built
young fellow of six feet in height. Miller
rose up.
Miller, not so tall as the other by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28. 1896.
several inches, but considerably broader
across the shoulders, wearing a long, blue
overcoat, his right anr in the sling, ad
vanced quietly, took nold of Heyneman's
right hand, and by a single dexterous
movement twirled the stronger man about
and secured his head under his arm.
Captain Lees had been watching and di
recting the progress of the inquiry up to
this point with the confident air of a con
noisseur in crime and an expert in human
nature, awaiting an expected confession
from this voting man. His attitude and
expression changed.
'•How was that?" he asked.
Wilier did the tricK again.
"And show us how you recovered your
revolver and snot in that position."
Miller felt his opportunity and, with
little attempt at gentleness, he diagged
Heyneman to the ttoor\ while, in mock
fashion, he groped with his lame arm for
his revolver.
The audience laughed with delight.
"Oil, I could do it with most any man,"
said Miller, proudly, as he released the
disconcerted private secretary.
The examination began with Miller's
previous employments and went back to
the time of nis father's death at Plymouth,
Conn., when he (the son) was 9 years of
age. He had had but a few years of
schooling at that time, when he was com
pelled to earn his own living; had worked
in New York and Chicago and Portland,
in various menial employments, until, a
little more than a year ago. he enteied the
service of Mr. Franklin. He repeated the
Btory of the night of the burglary prac
tically as it has been told; how he was
awakened early in the evening by Mr.
Franklin, who was ill, moving about
the house, advised him to postpone a
journey contemplated for the next
day, retired again, got up at shortly be
fore 5 o'clock, tried to turn on the electric
light, it failed, went into the hallway, en
countered the three burglars who held
Mm up, two of them went upstairs leav
ing aim with tiie third, how he attacked
him in the manner illustrated and both
kept tiring until he became unconscious.
'I did not know that I was shot. I sim
ply felt- drowsy and seemed to go to sleep,"
he said. 'When I awakened the family
was nil about me." ~
"How tall was the man ?" asked the Cor
oner.
Miller stood up. "I do not know," tie
said. "1 could not see over his hat."
"Oh, sit down," said the Coroner.
• Miller said he did not hear the name
"Matt'' or any other name used between
the men. He explained that he got his
revolver from a needy man at the hotel at
which he worked in Chicago— paid him $3
on it.
Captain Lees undid the package contain
ing both the weaiHjns used in the deadly
duel and Miiler readily picked out his
own.
"Whose revolver is the other?"
''I don't know."
"Where diet you cet it?"
"In the house on California street."
"Well, what house— what's the num
ber?''
Miller gave the number— 293o.
"Who put it where you then saw it?"
"I don't know."
"Well, well, is he alive? What Has
become of him ?"
"I know that he is dead"— quietly.
Then they spiang their surprise. ' At the
back of Captain Lees a young man of slim
figure, swarthy complexion and small
black eyes, wearing the habit of a tramp,
came forward in 4 a shambling, stoop
shouldered way, twirling a greasy hat, and
stood directly in front of Miller.
"Did you ever see this man?"
Miller looked at him steadily. "No. sir,
i did not."
"You didn't meet him on the corner of
Hayes, Who Claimed to Have Received an Offer of S3 and a Suit of Clothes From
Aliller
Sacramento snd Kearny streets on Tues
day night prereiing the alleged burglary,
and asK him to come out to the house on
: Caiiiornia stre<-t?"
"No, sir, I was not out of the house that
night."
"is this your handwriting," on a small,
ragged piece of brown paper.
"No, sir."
Some notebooks and an account were
shown to him, which he acknowledged to
be in his own writing.
Then Miller was told to stand aside and
i the tramp was placed on the stand. Siiiv
| erin<? with ner%'ous:iesß, he said his name
was Franklin Hayes.
"I was asking alms from men on the
j street on Tuesday night when this man,
I MiLer, came along. I tackled him. He
I said I was giving him dirt. I went along
! with him and asked him how. We turned
i tip Sacramento street and he said to me.
j 'You can make a suit of clothes and $5
easy if you will come out to a certain house,
on California street, near Baker, to
morrow and carry away two bundles for
me.' 1 told him I would do a great deal
! for |5 and a suit of clothes. He said I
! must come between 7 and 8 o'clock,
; come around to the back porch and wait
! for him till he came out, making no
noise. I sail I would not make any
noise as I could walk on the grass. He
i told me there w:is no grass there. I
• agreed. Then lie stooped and picked ut> a
; small piece of a paper bag and started to
; write in his hand. He could not do it
| well and placed it against a lamp-post
I and wrote the directions how to get
j tnere. He then gave me 10 cents for ray
; carfare and we parted. Well, I didn't go.
I I tniked it over with some chums in a
■ saloon and they advised me not to do it as
it was rather mysterious and might get
me into trouble. As soon as I saw the
picture in the paper the next Friday I
saH "That is the man.' "
In answer to a juryman Hayes said he!
was telling his :-tory of his own free will. I
; He had talked about the affair among the !
| hackmen and others, and it got to the ears
i of the police and he was locked up.
In answer to questions from Captain
Lees the witness said that a number of
photographs had been shown to him out j
of whfcii he picked two as being like the i
man he had met and one of the pictures j
was that of Miller. The meeting with j
Miller was between 10 o'clock and mid- i
night; there was plenty of light so that he j
could not be mistaken m the identification.
He had never seen Miller i-.fterward until
he got out of the carriage to come to this
inquest.
Ail this time Mr. Franklin, the boy's
employer, who sat near, was laboring un- j
der the most intense excitement. "This j
makes me sirk," he would whisper to !
those about him. ''The idea of a fellow !
■ like that swearing away the life of ray boy. j
Why, my boy never eoes out at night. He j
has 'no had habits, does not use tobacco, j
has not bnen out as late as 11 o'clock since j
he has been in my employ. This is out- j
rageous. J know it is false. I would stake
my life upon it."
Officers Green and O'Connor told their
story of going to the scene— the first dis
covering the men and calling for the patrol !
wagon, the latter finding the masks, one j
beside the insensible burelar and the other j
in. trie hall above; also of finding a black !
veil on the sidewalk outside.
Dr. Washington Dodge testified to hav
ing been summoned to treat Miller, find
i ing him unconscious or partially so, suf- !
| ferinsr from a wound in the neck. The [
j wound was of a nature that ordinarily |
j would not cause a man to faint, but he !
! knew Miller to be afflicted with a peculiar
nervous disorder from having treated hiro
a year previously for an attack that ren
dered him unconscious. This would ex
plain the symptom. On the occasion I
referred to, the doctor said, Miller hat! !
! had an interview with the police extend- '
ing through several hours, and when he |
; returned home he was overcome with this
; attack of — not exactly epilepsy, but some
thins akin to it, produced by what in a \
woman might be called hysteric?. It was
j attended by partial unconsciousness and
j the patient gave vent to a peculiar noise
and his limbs twitched.
"Would such an animated encounter as
we have witnessed here produce this
effect?" asked Captain Lees.
The doctor hardly thought so.
Coroner Hawkins asked if epileptics '
were not usually subject to delusions.
The witness saii they sometim.es were,
biK he would not say it was usually the
1 case.
Dr. Max Solomon, the family physician,
I testified to attending the patient ("Miller)
| after the shooting. He found him un
conscious at his first call and he was st'll so j
when be called again at noon. He sue- |
, cceded in rousing him, however, for an in
stant and tUe boy's first words were
"There art- t«vo upstairs."' He said that
the nail on his right thumb was torn com
! pletely out ana gave the patient great
| pain.
Dr. Davis testified to treating the patient
! in the first instance.
Jennie Sbafer, a one-time nurse in the
family, added something to ihe sensation
sprung by the appearance and testimony
of Hayes. She had been engaged by the
family a few days before the affair. She
said she was of a very nervous tempera
ment. She had had a conversation with
Miller a day or so before the shooting and
he told her about the previous visit of
burglars to the place. She had compli
mented him on his nerve and he had said
something about receiving only $2o a
month. Then she went on to say that
Miller was out on the night of Tuesday,
the night Hayes alleges be met him.
She says she was writing a letter that
night and remained up late herself. Sh»
retired to her own room at 5 minutes to 11
! and he had not come in yet. He was not
I out the next ni^'ht, Wednesday, but on
, Thursday ni-_'ht, the night of the shooting,
be did not come in until a quarter to 11.
! She said she had tried to put her hand
| through the opening in the screen and j
; tiie hroken glass of the back kitchen-door
j through which the ourglars are supposed
to have effected an entrance, but she could
only get three fingers into the crevice.
Rena Mohr, another nurse in the family,
said she thrust her full hand through the
opening, but could not use her ringers.
John Tcdt, a locksmith, was shown the
bunch of keys and bent wire found in the
hall with the masks, and said they were
evidently not made by a professional lock
smith. He would not ca!i the wires lock
picks, as they could scarcely be used for
that purpose.
Joseph Oswald said that there were no
skeleton-keys in the assortment and they
could not be usea except on a common
loclc. They were evidently the work of an
amateur.
A piece of wire formerly a part of a col
lender used in the family was shown. It
compared closely frith the wire of which
the lockpicks were made.
Dr. Cohen was called. He had been
called to attend Miller in 1*94, when he
waß supposed to be suffering from an
epileptic fit. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, but revived immediately
when placed on the operating table.
'•What do you think of that attack?"
asked Coroner Hawkins.
''Well, I think it was not well played."
"You tnink he was feicning then?"
"Yes. or it might have been hystero-
Captain Lees then took the stand and
told of his examination of the scene of the
crime and what conclusions it had led him
to. He told o: the small crevice cut in the
kitchen door, and declared that it would
be impossible to reach the key or bolt,
some Inches from it. through the opening.
"That door was unlocked from the inside.
not the outside," he said. "The door lead
in;; to the hallway from the kitchen had
been cut in a manner that would not aid
in opening it, besides the brass bolt and
plate bore no scratch or other sign of hav
ing been forced. The electric light wires
were cut in the kitchen and ttie gas t Jined
of at the meter under th- front step, and
the telephone wires cut upstairs— the first
cat leaving whoever did it in darkness.
They must have been familiar with tue lo
cation of the wires.
"It is a mystery to me," he sai^, "as I
have made this investigation with thor
oughness and impartiality." A piece of
candle, he said, had been found in the
hallway. "I have not told Mr. Franklin
of the convictions that this investigation
has forced on me, because I thought it
would do nogood,aqd should all come out
under oath. Those lockpicks I do not
consider of any use for the purpose, l
know something about such tools, but I
thought best to call in regular locksmiths
The inquest here adjourned until this
morning at 9:30 o'clock. In the afternoon
the jury, led by Captain Lees and attended
!<v a Deputy Coroner, visited the house of
Mr. Franklin and looked over the ground
as described by Captain Lees.
While they were in the house young
Miller remained in a room upstairs.
Speaking of the testimony of the nurse
woman as to his being out on the Tuesday
evening referred to by Hayes, Miller said :
"I was not out that night. 1 supplied the
woman with ink to write her fetter. 1
think I told her i was going out but did
not do so. I was in bed at half- past 9
o'clock. On Thursday nignt I went to the
barber's on Devisadero and California
streets, but found it closed. 1 got a $5
piece changed for one of the family on
Fillmors street and returned home. 1 have
never been out at 11 o'clock at night. In
the evening at 7 o'clock I am engaged in
waiting at the table at dinner and after
war I tret my own dinner."
Miller by request wrote the words that
are on the paper alleged to have been given
by him to Hayes, by which a comparison
of his handwriting 'might be made.
Captain Lees said last night that he
would to-day produce at the inquest a
number of tools and articles found in the
Franklin residence. Among them are a
vise and pair of pincers which he thinks
could have been used in making the picu
locks found as a part of the supposed bur
glars' lools.
It is said that Miller may be arrested to
day. Mr. Franklin will secure the services
of an attorney for him.
DEATH OF J. N. GREGORY.
A Young Society Man Has Suc
cumbed to Pneumonia in
the Mines,
The Ex-Manager for the H. S. Crocker
Co. Died Very Suddenly at
Cripple Creek.
James N. Gregory, who for six years
was at the head of the salesmen's depart
ment at the H. S. Crocker Co., died on
J. N". Gregory.
"Wednesday afternoon in Cripple CreeK,
Colo. The news of his death was thor
oughly unexpected and has come in the
nature of a thunderbolt to his wife, family
and friends.
At the beginning of the year the de
ceased secured a leave of absence to spend
tx few mouths in the East, and after visit
ing Boston, Philadelphia, New York and
Denver he decided to look in at Cripple
Creek, where the mining excitement is at
its height. He had been there but a week,
and his wife, who is stopping in this City
with her brother-in-law, Robert Wieland,
received most glowing letters from him as
to the country he was in and as to his
health. His k-tters, however, dropped off
three days ago, and the first intimation
received that anytiiing was wrong came
to Robert Wieland late Wednesday night
from a Mr. Lapman, who is unknown to
him, but who wired:
J. N. Grcjrory is dead. What disposition shall
be made of his remains?
Subsequent telegrams brought the news
that Gregory had been sick but two days.
He had been laid low by pneumonia, the
sickness which is said to be killing the
strangers in Cripple Creek at the rate of
one an hour.
Robert Wieland. the eldest son of the
late brewer, John Wleland, is a relative by
marriage of the deceased. Wicland mar
ried Miss Lucille Buckley of Oakland, who
died a few months ago, and Gregory mar
ried her sister.
Gregory came to this City from New-
Jersey some sixteen years a.:o, when about
23 yearg of age. He became best known
When, at the beginning of the decade, he
entered the employ of H. S. Crocker &
Co. He was blessed with more than usual
good looks, and was a brilliant conversa
tionalist. He made his w;iy into the
smart set, where he and his wife were
great favorites.
Although married n2arly thirteen years,
they have had no children. The deceased
was a member of most of the choice social
club 3of this City.
Robert Wieland wired to Cripple Creek
yesterday to embalm the remains and send
them ou to this City.
A POINT ON UNCLE SAM.
Money Was Paid Unnecessarily
for the Transportation of
Marines.
QUESTIONS FOR THE SENATE.
Government Roads Were Passed By
While the Southern Pacific Got
the Contract.
Local railway men are curious to know
what will be the outcome of the investiga
tion of the Southern Pacific Company for
violation of the interstate commerce act.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the
company, was sunimoned from New
Orleans to appear before the Interstate
Commerce Commission in Chicago and
show cause why the Southern Pacific
should not be punished for violating the
law. He is now understood to be on the
rack in Chicago, just as his "boss" is in
"Washington.
A new aspect has been put upon the
case in question which, it is held by rail
way men, gives the investigation a sig
nificance not previously dreamed of. It is
this:
The United States law has been grossly
broken by the Southern Pacific transport
ing United States sailors over its southern
route at reduced fares, and besides, the
United States has been doubly hood
winked in the transaction. In violating
the interstate law the Southern Pacific cut
the sailors' fares to such a figure that niaue
it next to impossible to transport these
passengers over the Central roads in com
bination with lines that would not under
take to enter into such a conspiracy.
In this way the Union Pacific and Cen
tral Pacific were cheated out of the total
sums received from the transportation of
two parties of United States sailors numer
ous enough to fiii two large trains.
Everybody knows that the Union Pacific
and Central Pacific were built with Gov
ernment money and are virtually Govern
ment roads. If there were any roads in
the United States entitled to* a share of
the profits accruing from hauling the two
trains oi marines they are the ones. They
form a continuous line from San Francisco
to Omaha, and the only direct route across
the continent. In lace of all this, how
ever, the Southern Pacific took the Gov
ernment marines around two sides of a
triangle in a circuitous route to get money
for its own lines at the expense of the
United States roads, and in doing so vio
lated the law and tfte rules of the Western
Passenger Association.
"Here is a clear case of diverting busi
ness from the Central Pacific," remarked
a railway official. "Here you have the
acme of Southern Pacific gali. A Govern
ment road, Government troops, Govern
ment money. Only the troops and the
money are separated from the road.
"Senator Morgan or Congressman Ma
guira ought to have this point for a ques
tion tor Huntington. Suppose Morgan
should ask:
" 'You say you are not diverting busi
ness from the Central Pacific?'
" 'No.' Huntington would reply.
" Then how can you account for divert
ing Government money paid for trans
portation of United States marines from
the Cc ltral Pacinc to your own treasury?'
"Then there would "be a grand climax.
I'd iine to hear Huntington's explana
tion."
STBUCK BY A CAR.
Serious Accident to John Morris, a
Machinist.
John Morris, a machinist livinc at 1523
Eddy street, met with a serious accident
at Polk and Grove streets last night. He
and a friend were crossing Polk street to
take a car goins out to the Mission. The
friend was walking in front of Morris, who
aid not observe a car rounding the curve
on its way to Montgomery street. The
friend got safely across the track, but Mor
ris was strucK by the car and knocked
down. His head struck the ground with
great force. The gripmsn applied the
brakes at once, which saved Morris from
ueing mangled by the wheels.
Morris was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in a semiconscious condition. He
was suffering from internal injuries, and
Dr. Burnell thought he might have sus
tained a fracture of the base of the skull.
Albreiht Pleaded Guilty.
Frod Albrecht, who was charged with gelling
an interest in a laundry, the principal busi
ness of which was represented by a number of
parcels filled with rags, pleaded'guilty before
Judge Baiirs yesterday. His plea was to a
charge of obtaining money under false pre
tenses to an amount less tuan .SSO. This is a
misdemeanor. He will be sentenced Febru
ary "JO.
NEW TO-DAY—AMUSEMENTS.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Corner of Eddy and Jones s'.s.
Feiedlaxdek, Gottlob * Co., Lessees&ManageM
FIRST , Tn
GRAND uinuTf
COHCtRT NIGHT!
Sousa's gg^\
WORLD-FAMOUS flgt J
CONCERT BAND! sE^£4
JOH\ PHILIP SOLSA. jHr
THE MARCH KING .gddfSHiL.
Assisted by the Brilliant Artists:"
MISS MYRTA FRENCH, Soprano.
MISS CURRIE DUKE, Violinist.
MR. ARTHUR PRYOR, Trombone.
BEATS ON SALE AT THE AUDITORIUM.
PRICES— SOc, 75c and $1.00.
Box-office open from 9 a. a. to 6 p. si.
NEXT - CONCERTS— SATURDAY MATINEE,
SATURDAY NIGHT,
SUNDAY M ATI NEE,
SUNDAY NIGHT.
MARCH 3-ANNA EVA FAY.
THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Friedlander, Gotilob & Co., Lessees and .Managers
MONDAY EVENING, ARCH 3,
GRAND CONCERT
by THE :'.'••':»■"
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA GLEE
.. AND MANDOLIN CLUBS,
Assisted by MRS. OLIVE REED.
PRICKS ....... ...25c, sOc, 75c and SI. OO
' Tickets on sale at %-herman. Clay & Co.'s.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
GRAND :-: POPULAR :-: CONCERT
— —BY THK ;
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:30.
Soloist— Mß. DONALD DE V. GRAHAM.
FIFTH COXCERT FRIDAY, FEB. 28.
Course Tickets on sale a', 308 Pest street.
. __ . — . — __ — __ . :
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING... ...FEBRUARY 28,
Dr. "W. 3B". Ch.onoy.
Sabject-"BABY RIGHTS."*
tST ADMISSION, "FREE .J&
SHOOT THE CHUTES
and TRIP TH E TROLLEY !
DAILY, WEATHER PERMITTING. .
ADMISSION——- — -lo CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10c.
REMEMBER THESE/ POINTS!
£gf" That a person in perfect health
rarely catches a cold. It is only when the
system is run down and the blood does not
circulate properly that people fall victims
to colds. " ': • ' : -"<
E&- That it i? a bad sign to feel weak
aim shiver}' and to constantly suffer from
tired, miserable feelings. if. you; do not
eat well, work well and bleep well there ia
evidently a weak spot in your system.
£9" That ordinary food and drink can-
not supply the great -vital force required
by people who work hard with. their i:ands
ana brains. - They need something to
stimulate their energies, promote digestion
and keep the blood moving. There is
nothing better for this purpose than pure
malt whistey.
£8?"" That there is only one really
; medicinal whiskey, and that is Duffy's
pure malt. It is not an ordinary whiskey,
but a pure stimulant that has a wonderful
effect on the system. It stirs up the slug-
gish blood, builds up the health, creates a
good appetite and promotes digestion. It
prevents and it will cure coughs, colds,
j chills and even pneumonia. "Every re-
i liable grocer and druggist keeps it. Be-
ware of inferior imitations. Remember
! there is no other whiskey like Duffy's, and
no other that can possibly take its place.
:
IfETfT TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
J«CDLAfIOtR.eOTTIOD«» c- irtr -mtTfiwufin
THEY ANOTHER
CAN'T GREAT
STOP BIG
US! WEEK
ONLY 4 MORE PERFORMANCES OF
"THE "OLD" LIME KILN*
CHARMING
KATIE PUTNAM
In New Songs and Dane ■».
And LittIe. GERTIE CARLISLE.
Next Monday— FREEMAN'S FUN-
MAKERS in "A RAILROAD TICKET."
, The Best Comedy Company in America.
THEATRE 'K2K?
EVERY NIGHT— This Week Only!
■ MATINEE SATURDAY!
The idol of the Fun-maKiriK World,
JOLLY
NELLIE McHENRY
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pre-
"THE BICYCLE GIRL I"
Bright Music. Catchy Songs, Pretty Dances,
Beautiful (iirls. Elaborate Costumes, and
Effective Scenery.
FRIDAY NIGHT, MARCH 6,
FIRST VIOLIN RECITAL :
The Great Parisian Violinist.
—A B: II.LIANT PROGRAMME!
Prices— Orchestra. $1 50: Dress Circle, I;
Balcony, 75c; (Jailers, 50c. * ." </>'.
SEATS READY MONDAY '. ";, '.".
r,i&'s%' at the Bnx-Dfflce of the
. Baldwin Theater. ,
Monday, March- 16, '
. MILTON KOYLE in "MKXICO."
l®»^rn eATRE;™ -paops.
Two Weeks' Knsazpme^it— Tee Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK WARDE
And His Celebrated Company. ; - ; '
To-Night and Saturday Matinee,
"THE MOUNTEBANK"
Saturday (only time)— •• VIRGIN lUS"
; Next Monday— Magnificent Production of
— KIN LEAR—^— '■..;
Sunday Night, March 1,
PADEi.KWsKI.:.IAK3I€K;OO.SCEKT!
& *^ ALCAZAR
THE CARLETtO OPERA !
LAST THREE NIGHTS :
"LILY OF KILLARNEY I"
tS"The Operatic Success of the Season.'.
PRICES— ISc, 2§c,3sy.§tc and 75c. "
Matinees Saturday . and; Sunday,
PRICES— ISc, 25c," 35c arid 50c.
Monday— "FßA DIAVOLO." Three nights only. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mss. Tlll"l»l 111 Krelino, Proprietor & .Manager
LAST TIMES! '■ / , J . •
Splendid Electric- Production of
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
CAST INCLUDES ''■ : ;
. Ida Taler a, . XV. It. West, ° :
Anna Schnabel, • Marcel Perron,
Kate Marchi, * Arthur'Boyce:
Martin l'ache, - John J. Raffael,
G. -Napoleoni, Etc. • .
Grand Chorus ! Superb Orchestra!
Next Week— "RlP VAN WINKLE."
Reappearance of the Favorite Soprano,
MISS CARRIE ROMA. .
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, • Sole Lessee and Manag»
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Howard Taylor's Masterpiece,
PULSE OF NEW YORK!
In Which Will Be Introduced New and
Astounding Mechanical. Effects. .
SEE The Pile-Driver Scene: The Elevated Rail-
road! The Sensational Fire Scene!
.Evicxixn Prickj— 2sc. aha Ms.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10;.
Usual Blaiineos Saturday ami Sunday.
"~ ORPHEUM.
, • O'Farrell Street. Between **tocicton~aal Pa Vst!.
TO-NIGHT AND. DURING* THE WEEK
7 NEW PEOPLE! 4 NEW ACTS! "
A Brilliant List of Celebrities !
THE BROS. DIANTA. ..
FOREMAN and FANNAN,
• THB ROSSLEYS,
ELLA ELLI?,
: THE PaMZHRS,
" i THE WILTONS,
And Last-Week of the Favorites, .
CARROLL JOHNSON & BILLY CARTER
Reserved seats, '25c; Ba:cony, iOo; Oper» ca.».ri
and Box seats. 50c. . ' . .
RACING! RACING! .RACING. r
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
— rWINTEB MEETING ■
Beginning Thursday, February 20,
; BAY DISTRICT TRACK. '/
Racing Monday ..Tuesday,' Wednesday, Thursday,/
Friday and Sauutlay. K<»m.<>r >.i.m ...
SITS, OB MORE' RACES .UACH I>AY. .
"■*".' Races start at 2:00 r. M. sharp.. .
McAllister and Geary street earsjisiss the sat*
R. B. JiILKOY. : THOS.. H. \\ i Li.IA.MS JK.,
Secretary^. • ." ._. i ■. ., : " ; President ',
•'"■■■"■•' - . ■ " = • „'"
78
MISS OVERMAN'S
PECULIAR STORY.
Says to the Council That
She Was a Thief and
Forger.
REPENTS OF BLACKMAIL
The Witness Delivers Her State
ment With Apparent
Earnestness.
TUNNELL LETTERS EXPLAINED
Miss Hattie Cooper Appears as a Wit
ness — The Hearing to Be Re-
sumed To-Day.
Mattie Overman is the first self-confessed
blackmailer— in heart, at least— in the
Brown-Davidson scandal. Last night she
told the council called to. determine the
guilt or innocence of Dr. Charles O. Brown
in the m;uter oi certain alleged immoral
conduct one of the. most remarkable
stories ever beard in ricrion or told in
criminal jurisprudence.
With a calmness which seemed at times
. 1, yet never nervous, she acknowl
edged i his, and almost in the same breath
put herself oji record as being a thief and
a forger. ■
When ?he ascended the stand every eye
was strained and every neck was craned to
see her. The councilmen drew their chairs
closer until they formed a half-circle about
the all-important witness.
Then she began her story. She asked
permission to tell it her own way without
interruption, except such assistance as
could be gained by occasional references to
Mrs. Thurston 's damaging testimony. *
Miss Overman began with her tirst meet
ing with Mrs. Tunnell and Mrs. Davidson,
gradually leading up to the grand climax,
where she acknowiedged that, acting
under the influence of Mrs. Davidson, she
hud consented to defame the character of
the man she loved.
She denied emphatically ever having
told Mrs. Thurston that Dr. Brown had at
any time professed ether than friendship
for her, or that he had made the least de
monstration of affection as alleged.
"I miaht have told her," she said, "that
I was disappointed because Dr. Brown did
not do these things; that is, did not hug
me."
She said that she came to San Francisco
on account of ill health, intending to
return to Tacoma at the end of a few
weetcs. She took up her residence, how
ever, at Dr. Brown's. At various times
she assisted him in his studies and after a
while began to think more of him than
she should h«ve done, knowing him to be
a married man. She disclaimed having
told Mrs. Thurston that she Intended
going to Tacoma as a niece of Dr. Brown's,
but did say that a3 a member of the family
she could go at half fare.
On her return from Tncoma she vent to
live with Mrs. Davidson. Almost im
mediately that lady told her of the troubles
v o irst CoD Kregational Church— the
lienon-Strauss and Simpson episode.
"Mrs. Davidson talked a -Treat deai about
Dr. lirown and of my affection for him "
continued Miss Overman, "and tried to tret
me to cay that he reciprocated it. This I
would not do because it was untrue."
Then Miss Overman told of how Mrs.
Davidson broached a little scheme which
she had on foot, wberebv a 10l of money
could be made. Mrs. Davidson declared
that she had a splendid foundation for a
good story, as .she had of:en done such
•work for Eastern papers.
"We must have talked about the matter
for an hour," said Miss Overman '"md it
wns finally agreed that Mrs. Davidson
should manage the entire affair. In brief
however, I may say that we entered into a
.-chenie to blackmail Dr. Brown. - Then it
was that she actually laid the foundation
of the paper story and general blackmail
ing scheme. Mrs. Davidson was to write
this and I was to taue it to the Chronicle
and offer it for sale. I was afraid that it
would be published, but she assured me
thfct they would go to the party interested
and L'pt back the money paid to us and
more besides. ■
"I was to charge $2000 for this story, but
when I reached the office my courage
failed, and I only asked that $1000 be
jaid."
i hen Miss Overman described in detail
the famous Tunnell-Overman letters. She
?aid that Mrs. Davidson insisted that they
should have some hold on Dr. Brown, and
the only way to secure this was to write
strong letter: showing criminal relations.
Tlieae letters must first begin witli friend
ship, then love, foiiowed by an absorbing
passion, the whole ending with a grand
climax otcriminahty.
Miss Overman had written letters, she
paid, to Mrs. Davidson and Mrs. Tunnell,
which were to be utilized in perfecting the
piot.
She first rewrote letters to Mrs. David
son containing all of the subject-matter
mentioned above. Then came the ques
tion of introducing the same into the let
ters she had written Mrs. Tunnell.
"There was only one way to do this,"
said Miss Overman, "and that was by ex
tracting the letters 1 had written that lady
from her room. I knew where those let
ters wtre, so this part of the scheme was
easy to overcome. I secured them and —
the rest is known.''
Miss Overman then went into detail
concerning the advice offered by Mrs.
Davidson as to what should be placed in
these letters. When the work of forging
Dr. Brown's chains was completed these
letters were carefully carried back to Mrs.
Tunneil's room and* replaced in the pack
age from which they had been abstracted.
The witness went on to relate how she
suddenly became stricken with remorse at
the foul plot into which she had entered
ana of her determination not to go any
further with it. She declared that she
tola Mrs. Davidson of this conscience
pricking, whereupon that lady became
greatly indignant and threatened all man
ner of harsh things. At length, however,
Mrs. Davidaon declared that she had been
acting under the influence of the evil
spirit, that she knew the blackmailing
scheme- was wrong and she hoped Goo
would forgive her. They would think no
more about it.
Throughout the recital of this wonderful
story Miss Overman betrayed not the
slightest emotion. She seemed to be
rather amused than otherwise. She de
clined to face the audience, though
whether this was through natural modesty
or a desire that her words should only be
heard by the council is not known.
At times Dr. Brown proffered a kindly
word of advice, suggestion or encourage
ment, as the occasion seemed to demand.
The reverend gentleman was visibly affect
ed during the recital of these, to the lis
teners at. least, unexpected disclosures, his
breast heaving a ud sighs audible tc those
around him escaping.
.Miss Overman had just reached the in
teresting part of her story — that is explain
ing Mrs. Tunneil's connection with the
case, when the moderator announced the
hour of adjournment.
She will be placed on the stand to-day,
and presumably will consume the entire
afternoon session in explaininsother loose
ends of the alleged conspiracy.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Testimony as to the Intimacy Be
tween Mrs. Tunnell and Miss
Overman.
After the reading of the minutes Dr.
Brown arose pnd said:
"1 think that one statement in the min
utes is incorrect. You will kindly read
what is said concerning the testimony of
Mrs. Thurston."
Scribe Hatch read the passage in the
minutes to the effect that Mrs. Thurston
testified that Miss Overman had confessed
herself deeply in love with Dr. Brown, and
that Dr. Brown reciprocated her love.
Judge Advocate Woodhams suggested
that it would be unnecessary to incorpo
rate any of the substance of the testimony
in the minutes.
A motion to the effect that the substance
MISS COOPKR.
of the testimony should not be incorpo
rated in the minutes was made and carried
unanimously.
Rev. E. li. Dille, pastor of the Central
Methodist Church, wa« called as the first
witness.
After the preliminary questions Dr.
Brown asked: "Did Mrs. Buxton ever tell
you at any time, Dr. Diile, that Mrs. C. B.
Thurston and her husband had attempted
to wrong you a year ago?"
Judge Advocate Woodhams objected to
this testimony as hearsay.
Dr. Brown explained that his object was
to show that there existed on the part of
Mrs. Thurston a disposition to criticize
and rind fault with and attempt to injure
a regular minister of the Gospel, and that
if he were permitted he would show that
Mrs. Thurston and her husband were en
gaged a year ago "in an attempt to slander
the gentleman who is now on this plat
form," added the doctor impressively.
The judee advocate renewed his objec
tion that if there were to be an attempt to
impeach the testimony of witnesses the
attempt should be made legally. It was
simply hearsay matter and would tangle
up the council with outside issues.
A witness could not be im ocached, he
said, by a recital of particular acts. It
could be done in only two ways, one by
showing that the reputation of the witness
for truth, honesty and integrity was bad,
and another by bringing in evidence
directly in contradiction of the evidence
presented by the witness.
"I understand," added the judge advo
cate, "that she swore last night she had no
enmity toward ministers of the Gospel,
and if it could be shown that she had said
otherwise then it would seem to me that it
would be proper."
"We have been frequently reminded,"
pursued Dr. Brown, "that we are not pro
ceeding upon strictly legal lines in the
examination of witnesses, and I don't
know whether we should now be confined
to legal lines as to that which would
impeach the testimony of witnesses. It
seems to me to be quite as conclusive to
show that she had been antagonistic to
ministers of the Gospel. I am ready to
show that she, with her husband, was pre
pared to affirm that Dr. Dille a year ago did
attempt to cheat a widow, whose very
name Dr. Dille doesn't know."
Dr. brown explained further that the
making of the charge against Dr. Dilie
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
I Miss Mattie Overman Occupies the Witness-stand, to the Intense Interest of the
Spectators.
had been prevented W a mutual friend of
the parties. It seemed to be a very im
portant thing to have in evidence.
Moderator McLean :^ked whether Dr.
Browi could also .say that those persons
practically knew that there was no founda
tion for the charges.
"I am ready to show that by the witness
on the stand," was Dr. Brown's response.
"Was it a malignant attack?" asked the
moderator. "Was it possible that to the
best of their knowledge they believed it to
be true at the time? Might* they not have
been mistaken instead of malignant? It
is a very supposable thing that j>ersons in
good faith may make charges against
another, charges not true, but. which they
believed to be true. I am prepared to
allow Dr. Brown more time in which to
produce evidence that it was a malignant
attack."
The judge advocate remarked that the
trial should not be muddled by going into
all these outside matters. Other witnesses
might be attacked in the same way, and it
would require months of inquiry into
these and other irrelevant matters before
they could be straightened out. The judge
advocate continued:
"I know that I seem to be attacking Dr.
Brown when I make those objections.
I made them before, and when Dr. lirown
comes on with his witnesses I shall cer
tainly make the same objections."
The moderator said that the case seemed
so clear to him that he would rule in ac
cordance with the objections of the judge
advocate without putting the question to
the council, and there being no protest
the matter was accordingly decided in that
way.
Dr. Brown raised considerable laughter
and applause by remarking cheerfully, "I
don't propose to depend upon witnesses
whose characters can be impeached."
Judge Advocate Woodhams asked Rev. j
Dr. Dille whether he had ever heard Mrs. i
Tlmrston's reputation for truth, honesty >
and integrity discussed ia a general wav
and he replied that he had not.
Mrs. Elizabeth Gordon testified that
Mrs. Tunnell assisted her in the Co-opera- !
tive restaurant on Mission street for a
week. On the 28th of the month Mrs.
Tunnell left the place and tokl the witness
that she had to go away on very particular
business. Hhe went away very suddenly
and Miss Mattie Overman went with her.
During the week in which Mrs. Tunnell
worked there Miss Overman came to the
rsstaurant and took her meal? there, but
the witness could not say how many meals i
she had taken there. She and Miss Over- '■
man held frequent conversations in pri
vate. All that they toid the witness was
that they had iiad a suite of rooms in the
Cosmopolitan Hotel. It was Mrs. Tunnell
who brought If iss Overman there and in
troduced her to the witness. When Mrs. I
Tunnell left she said she was going away ;
on very particular business.
"You don't know, of your own knowl
edge, that they stopped at the Cosmopol
itan Hotel for even one day ?" asked Dr.
Brown.
"No, sir," replied the witness.
"Did Miss Overman take n»»als at the
restaurant more than four days?"
"Yes, sir."
"More than rive days?"
"I don't know."
"You are absolutely sure that she took
her meals there on the 23d of December? "
"Yes, sir."
"Lunch, breakfast and dinner on the
23d?"
"To the best of my knowledge, yes."
Mrs. Gordon, in answer to further ques
tions of Dr. Brown, said Miss Overman
was in the restaurant every day with Mrs.
Tunnell from December 23 to December 23.
Mrs. George Barton was called for, but
did not respond.
At this stage of the proceedings Judge
Advocate Woodhams announced that that
was all the evidence he had to offer at
that time. He was ready to proceed with
the defense, with the understanding that
positive and direct testimony of good char
acter for the defense should be presented.
He had personally left a notice with Mrs.
Barton to appear, and he had used all the
diligence which the time at his command
had allowed him. Witnesses seemed to
be reluctant to come forward, and on that
account he suggested that some person in
authority should be instructed to summon
them and at the same time inform them
as to their rights.
After further discussion as to the ar
rangements for proceeding with the re
mainder of the case Rev. Mr. Pond asked
whether all the testimony extant had been
secured on the point ot Dr. Brown's al
leged remarks of commendation regarding
Mrs. Davidson after her famous interview
with him to the effect that she was a spir
itually inclined woman, and also similar
expressions concerning Mrs. Stockton.
Mr. Woodhams replied that he had no
testimony on that point. Mrs. French's
son was spoken of as likely to know about
that.
Mr. Pond remarked that the charges were
serious and he had hoped that they would
be refuted in some way.
Moderator McLean assured the council
that further diligence would be used on
the part of the proper authorities to obtain
all the evidence available. It was a trial
to which most people did not come volun
tarily.
Mrs. Cooper was recalled, and was asked
by Dr. Brown as to her statement that she
had not employed Mrs. Stockton in kinder
garten work on her return from the north
because no new schools had been opened.
He called her attention to a pamphlet
issued for that year showing that ten new
kindergarten schools had been established.
Mrs. Cooper, in explanation of the ap
parent inconsistency, explained that sev
eral of these schools were in the same
buildings with schools already established
and were attended to by the same teachers.
Orhers were tau«ht by teachers selected
by ladies who had organized the new
schools and who were supporting them.
Another appointment was that of Laura
Richards, who was too petite for regular
public school work and who had a widowed
mother to support.
Miss Hattie Cooper was the next wit
ness. She had gone to 1041 Mission street,
and when the door was opened she saw a
card with the writing, "Prepare to Meet
my God.
"I was not afraid," continued Miss
Cooper, "and I asked: 'Is this the Chris
tian Co-operative restaurant? 1 'No,' the
lady replied, 'it's bust up.' " A man in the
place tola her that the restaurant had been
sold out.
The rest of her evidence was hearsay, be
ing what she had been told about Miss
Overman and Mrs. Tunnell being so inti
mate, and developed nothing that was
new. She said, among other things, that
Mr. Beechetof the Chronicle had discov
ered that Dr. Brown let Mrs. Tunnell out
of a door under the front steps of his house
in time to take the 11:80 o'clock boat for
Oakland. Mr. Sullivan of the Examiner
told her that Dr. Brown had admitted that
Mrs. Tunnell was in Dr. Brown's house on
that Sunday evening, December 29.
The witness believed that Mrs. Jones,
Mrs. Scott and Mrs. Baddin were one and
the same person. She had been informed
that Mrs. Jones had been located in a
lodging-house on Broadway in Los An
geles.
"" Deacon E. C. Williams testified as to
the manner in which Mrs. Eaton had
given her testimony. It had been ex
tracted from her by the committee by
question and answer.
The judge advocate then announced
that the case against Dr. Brown was
closed. Tliere were more witnesses, he
said, who may be called in rebuttal, but
the main testimony was in.
Dr. Brown then called his witnesses in
rapid succession. Mrs. Eunice H. Folger,
Miss E. Henderson, Mrs Ruby Rogers,
Deacon J. H. Barnett and Rev. John Kim
ball all swcre that they had never heard
any rumor to the effect that Dr. Brown
had any undue regard for Mrs. Stockton
or had ever seen him in her company on
the street or elsewhere or alone with any
woman other than his wife.
In response to a question by Rev. Mr.
Pond Kcv. Mr. Hoyt announced that Mr.
McMillan, who had interrnpted the meet
ing on the night before, had appeared and
made a statement to the committee.
The moderator paid that Mr. McMillan
was entitled to be heard in vindication* of
his own reputation, because his name had
been projected into the case. He asked
whether Mr. McMillan desired his state
ment repeated before the council, and Mr.
McMillan from the body of the house an
nounced that lie did. He desired to con
tradict Dr. Brown's statement that he had
been with Mrs. Stockton in the Grand
Hotel.
At this juncture Lawyer Nagle declared
that it was he who had" suggested McMil
lan's name to Dr. Brown, and that lie,
Nagta, was responsible for the use of Mc-
Millan's name.
"I don't care whether you are responsi
ble or Dr. Brown," retorted McMillen. "I
want to be put on the stand. "
Judge Advocate Woodhams was called
to the stand, and corroborated the testi
mony of the witnesses immediately pre
ceding as to their never having seen Dr.
Brown paying attentions to Mrs. Stockton.
After prayer by Dr. Rader at the open
ing of the evening session, Miss Overman
was called to the stand. She occupied the
attention of the council for the entire even
ing, and was interrupted in the story only
three or four times. She spoke so low that
it was only with the greatest difficulty that
she could be heard, even by the shorthand
reporter.
She began by saying that her name was
Martha E. Overman. She became ac
quainted with Mr. and Mrs. Charles O.
Brown in Taconni five years aeo. At that
time Dr. Brewn was engaged in the min
istry there. She had heard Dr. Brown
preach, and she had been introduced to
him and his wife. That was several
months |>rior to their coming to San Fran
cisco. Ihe witness first came to San Fran
cisco in 1894.
Her acquaintance with Mrs. Tunnell be
gan in Tacoina and was renewed in this
City, and they were on friendly terms al
ways. The witness took up her residence
with the Browns a3 their guest by invita
tion of Mrs. Brown. She left there about
December 10.
Then she told about her acquaintance
with Mrs. Thurston. At the time she be
came acquainted with that lady Miss Over
man was living with Mrs. Tunnell.
Miss Overman then took up the salient
points of Mrs. Thurston's testimony and
denied many of her statements, at the
same time modifying others. She had
told Mrs. Thurston that Dr. and Mrs.
Brown had offered herahome. Shedenied
having said that she had had a good time
at Dr. Brown's.
"Did you say anythin g about Dr. Brown
being a very attractive gentleman?" asked
the judge advocate.
"I can't recollect the exact words. It
didn't amount to very much," was the
reply .
"Did yon make this remark to Mrs.
Thurston on her warning you to be care
ful, 'Oh, how smart you must be to guess
my secret?' " was asked.
"I never use the word 'smart,' " re
sponded Miss Overman, "and as to my
secret I was not aware that I had any se
cret."
The witness then proceeded to tell how,
at her request. Dr. Brown had consented
that she should assist him in his study and
act as his amanuensis occasionally.
"1 was very fond of books," she added,
"and I asked him if I might assist|him. I
had nothing to do but to read. I thought
of and admired Dr. Brown as a minister,
and 1 admired him too much. I looked
upon him as a hero. I suppose something
in my manner made Mrs. Thurston guess
it, and when sue made that remark I
passed it off very lightly, but I don't re
momber what 1 said."
The witness then told how Mrs. Thurs
ton had advised her that it would be im
proper to go to Tacoma with Dr. Brown,
as she had intended to go, because Dr.
Brown had arranged to have her go on a
half-fare ticket. She assured Mrs. Thurs
ton that she knew how to behave herself
like a lady, and that she considered her
self safe in Dr. Brown's company. She
promised Mrs. Thurston that she would
not go to Tacomu with Dr. Brown, but
Mrs. Brown insisted that she should go,
and she did so.
The witness detailed at great length her
meeMng with Mrs. Tunnell and Mrs.
Davidson and how much she appreciated
their protestations of friendship. Then j
she came down to Mrs. Thurston's testi- !
roony again and related how that lady had
asked her whether the doctor had ever
hucged her or squeezed her hand.
"I told her," continued Miss Overman,
"that he never aid, but I wished He
would."
This remark caused a smile to circulate
through the room.
The witness went on to tell how Dr.
Brown wrote her a letter detailing the in
cidents of his trio on the return to San
Francisco and how she wrote him shortly
afterwards. In that letter she let him
know that she admired him very much.
He replied with another letter in which he
said that be had always had a high regard
for her and had taken a deep interest in
her, but informed her that if she fancied \
that there was on his part any deeper feel
ing she was mistaken.
Ihis letter, Miss Overman added, hurt
her feelings, and she threw ft in the tire.
While in thiß mood sue received a letter
from Mrs. Davidson } inviting her to go to
San Francisco and live with her. She was
an old woman, she said, and would treat
her as a daughter.
\\ hen Miss Overman arrived, she went !
direct to Mrs. Davidson's place, and was j
most affectionately received. Mrs. David
son discussed the church gossip, the
Simpson trouble and the Herron trouble,
and told her also that Mrs. Dr. Brown had
spoken slightingly of Matlie, to the effect
that she had taken Mattie to her home as
an object of charity. It was because Miss
Overman believed that statement that she
refused to call upon Mrs. Brown.
Then the witness related how Mrs.
Davidson had broached to her the proposi- j
tion to blackmail Dr. Brown. She called j
Miss Overman's attention to the fact that ;
she was poor and assured her that the
solid trustees of the church would 3tand
benind Dr. Brown with money rather than
have another scandal following so closely
upon the heels of the Simpson trouble, the j
Herron affair and the Turkish tea party.
Miss Overman narrated how she had
told Mrs. Davidson that when Mrs. Stock
ton had called with a lawyer on Dr. Brown '
one night and insisted that the doctor j
should give her a letter of recommenda
tion to another church Dr. Brown flatly
refused.
"Mis. Davidson appealed to the fact that
I was a poor girl and had to work for a
living, and assured me ihat if I left the
matter to her she would manage to get the j
money," resumed Miss Overman. "So 1
entered into this scheme to blackmail Dr.
Brown. There's no use in calling it by
any other name except the plain truth." "
Mrs. Davidson toid the witness how she
had written for the Boston papers and I
how she could write a highly sensational j
story with the proper embellishments. ■
The sum agreed upon by the witness and
Mrs. Davidson was $5000 — $2000 in ca-h
and $500 quarterly, the note to be signed
by Dr. Brown and two or three of Ms most
trustworthy trustees and placed in a bank '
with 4 percent interest.
Mrs. Davidson informed her that Miss i
Simpson, with whom Dr. Brown had had
some trouble, had a brother who was City
editor of the Chronicle, "and, of course,"
she added, "the Simpsons haven't any love
for Dr. Brown."
She then proposed to Miss Overman that
the; should offer the sensaiional story to
the Chronicle- and get a good price for it.
Because of Mrs. Davidson's age and <rray
hairs, which might lead to her identifica
tion, sha did not want to go to the Chroni
cle herself and Miss Overman consented to
do so.
She called upon City Editor Simpson, to
whom she was a stranger, and informed
him that she had a sensational story im- i
plicating a prominent citizen and" she
wanted to know whether he wished to
bay "it. The editor inquired as to the pur
port of the story and Miss Overman told
him that she would call again.
As she left the onice she observed that a
man had been put on her track, who fol
lowed her to her house. In order to throw i
him off the scent she left the house again, \
turned around the Market-street side of
tbe Baldwin Hotel, stopped in front of a j
show-window until the spy came around j
the corner and saw that she had perceived i
his purpose. She then went on a car and
rode up Market street, having thrown the
young man off the trail.
She next narrated how in pursuance of
the plot she had cone to Mrs. Tunnell's
room durinir Mr?. Tunnell's absence and
abstracted a bundle of letters which she !
had written to Mrs. Tunnell. The«e she
took tor Mrs. Davidson, and at Mrs. Da
vidson's suggestion she rewrote the letters,
putting matter^ in them to show that Dr.
Brown was a guilty man. After this was
done she surreptitiously returned the let- {
ters to Mrs. Tunnell's room.
Miss Overman proceeded with her story j
from this point to the effect that after the !
plot had been matured she realized what a
wicked thing it was and the danger of the j
matter becoming public, and repented of
what she had done. She thereupon in
formed Mrs. Davidson of her intention of
withdrawing from the plot and foroade
her to take any steps in that direction.
Mrs. Davidson, finding that Miss Over
man was unshakable in her resolution,
pretended to repent also and did not men
tion the subject any more.
Miss Overman next detailed how she
had tried to get the Tunnell letters back
again for the purpose of destroying them,
and how she had failed to find them.
These were the letters which were after
ward published in the dail} T papers and
which contained many incriminating re
ferences to Dr. Brown.
At this stage of the proceeding the coun
cil adjourned until 2 o'clock this afternoon.
THE STATE COMMITTEE.
It Will Meet To-Morrow to Arrange
for the State Con
vention.
To-day a large number of the members
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee will arrive in the City, and at the
meeting of the committee in Pioneer Hah
to-morrow afternoon the campaign will be
practically opened by the fixing of the
time and place for holding the State con
vention and the ordering of primary elec
tions for the selection of delegates to it.
The executive committee wilt probably
meet again to-day, and the call for the
State convention and the plan for the
holding of primaries, which have been
prepared for submission to the State Com
mittee, may be again considered and
amended. A majority of the executive
committee has lavored using the Estee
vote instead of the Harrison Presidential
vote as the basis for the apportionment of
delegates to the State convention, but this
will be one of the matters to be decided by
the convention.
On the basis of the Estee vote the total
number of delegates would be over two
hundred less than at the convention of
two years ago, according to the appor
tionment of one delegate to every 200
Estee votes, which the executive commit
tee has decided to recommend. The rep
resentation from San Francisco would also
be considerably less on the basis of the
Estee vote than it would be on the basis of
the Harrison vote. The call adopted by
the executive committee provides for
primaries to be held April 90, and fixes
May 12 as the time for the State conven
tion.
It cannot be prophesied what city will
win the convention. Sacramento has so
far put forward the most vigorous efforts
to get it. and a committee from the Sacra
mento Board of Trade will be on hand to
morrow to help urge the claims of that
city for the convention. San Jose, Stock
ton and Santa Cruz also have aspirations
for the convention, and will undoubtedly
rind friends talking for them to-morrow.
During the past few days many Repub
licans in San Francisco have spoken of the
possibility of the convention being
brought here. The last Republican State
Convention to be held In this City was
that of 1888.
As the convention of this year will
simply nominate Presidenual electors and
Congressmen, the interest is not as keen
as when State officers are to be nom
inated, but a large attendance is expected
at the meeting to-morrow.
RALLY FOR TEMPERANCE
The League of the Cross Holds
a Very Successful
Meeting.
FATHER YORKE ON ABSTINENCE
Prize Essay on Total Abstinence—Re
ply to Calumnies on the
. Subject.
Saratoga Hall, on Geary street, was
densely crowded last night at the rally of
the Cathedral Branch of the League of the
Cross. A large proportion of the audience
consisted of boys who are members of the
Catholic Temperance Society.
James Gildea presided, and in a brief
opening address stated the purposes and j
ambitions of the league. He announced
that a prize-essay contest would be held ,
among members of the Cathedral Branch, ;
and appointed A. H. Loughborough, !
Brother Erminold and Thomas G. Spil
lane as judges of the essays:
The programme was as follows:
Song, "Hearest Thou" (Mattei), Miss Mary 1
Spillaiic; essay, Captain Deasy; recitation,
"Star-spangled Banner," Miss Gonzalez; essay, j
Corporal Benjamin L. McKiuley; duet, i
clarionet, "Hear Me, Norma," August and j
Miles Geiss; essay, Kd ward Byrnes; singing of \
"America," audience; essay, William Hughes; i
"Anchored," K. J. Sandy; cornet solo. I. C. !
Coggin.
The subject of all the essays was, "Why
lam a total abstainer." The judges an- j
nounced that they had found the essays !
equal for literary merit and -argument, but
that the attractive oratory oi' McKinley
gave him the prize.
Rev. P. 0. YorKe delivered a timely ad- j
dres3. When his name was announced it
was greeted with extraordinary clamor, j
that grew in volume with age. After ihe j
applause had subsided Father Yorke ad- ;
vanced to the front of the stage, and then •
again applause burst from the audience, i
"I feel Jike asking, in the words- of a j
famous politician," he said, " 'Where am I j
at?' I learned this morning I had taken i
to the woods. If wo are in the woods now, !
all I can say is, the woods are full of us.
"I am glad to see such a splendid audi- :
dience at this rally of the League of the I
Cross of St. Mary's Cathedral. The league '•
was begun hy that great and good man.
Bishop Montgomery, in a basement. I
only wish he was here to-night to see how
the little band that met in the basement
has grown, till now this hall is too small j
for the crowd which haa come here to i
know about the league.
"The essays you have heard here to- '
night and this meeting tell you better than ;
1 can what are the objects of this organi- I
zation. it teaches you we are not leading |
these boys into paths whereot they know I
not the reason, but to stand up like young !
Americans who are not afraid of any |
| man, or to say what they think. We need
manly men. The State has need of men
of principle. The time has come when
j truth, honor, justice and loyalty should
j be the only passports to social, political
: and business distinction.
"I say we are doing more for this com- j
I munity than any other body is doing. We \
I hear certain people boast about their patri
otism, to#t they are defenders of the Xa-
I tion. They may say they are defenders
\ and wind the flag around them to hide
their sores— patriot defenders — for cash.
| We arc not passing a basket around the
| hall to-night for nickels ; we are not prat
ing for a better parisn. This is not for
money, nor personal ambition; but on a
night like this these young men gather in
a good cause wnich is near and dear to
their hearts."
Father Yorke explained that the rally
and medal contest were held to sustain in
terest and enthusiasm in the work of the
organization. The City had to be divided
into four districts, because the league had
grown so fast that no hall in San Fran
cisco was large enough to accommodate all
the members. Continuing, he said:
"Every preacher who comes along here
sayß San Francisco is the wickedest town
on earth. One gentleman I had to do with
said the hotter place was eleven inches
under the sidewalk. How he knew I
don't know. This much Ido know; there
is fur more intemperance here and it is far
harder to rai^e little ones in the fear and j
love of God than in any otner city of the
Union. The demon of drink stalks the
streets and there is no one to say him nay."
In San Francisco there are 3345 saloons,
while in New York there are 7000. Some
people declare it is due to the Irish, and to
the Pope's Irish at that. They say, 'You
can't be good citizens because you find the
names of Irish people abovt nearly all the
saloons.'
"I learned a lesson lately from looking
over the statements of other people, I
sent to the license officer in the City Hall,
and here is what I found: 1437 saloons
owned by men of the German race, 695 by
Irish, 531 by Americans and English, 280
by Spanish, Italians, etc., 11l by Swedes,
169 by French, 28 by Slavs, 04 by Scotch
and oO by Chinese.
"This same insult has been hurled in our
faces in almost every city in the Union,
and in every city it is a calumny. ' Yet we
hear it every day. Let me say "there is no
class of people in this country who are
doing so much in the cause of abstinence
as the Irish Catholics. It was an Irishman
who in the beginning of this century struck
the lirst blow for temperance — Father
Mathew. All through America are great
Catholic temperance organizations, and
the youngest is not the least— the League
,of the Cross. We are trying to do our part,
i and more than our part, to combat the
; evil of intemperance."
Fathers O'Ryan and Byrnes delivered
* short addresses to the boys on temperance
and the successful meeting dissolved.
SAM RAINEY MAY BOLT
Trouble in the Junta Develops
Preparations for an
Early Battle.
The Rainey • Daggett Forces Are
Hustling Everywhere to Gain
More Strength.
A victory for Rainey in the new Junta
general committee, a bolt of the Rainey-
Daggett-Lanigan forces in the event of
defeat, and a com promise which may be
fixed up within a week to hoid the trem
bling organization together, are three
things talked about among the Junta
people now.
Nobody is sure in which of the three
directions things will ko within" a few
days, but the general feeling is that
Rainey will win what he wants to win.
The coalition of the Rainey, Daggett and
Lanigan forces against Chairman Sullivan
and (iavin McSab, who run things at
headquarters with the support of the anti-
Raitiey primary committee, is close to a
majority if it is not already one, and
effective workers from these camps are
hustling about the districts finding out
just how things stand and winning sup
port wherever possible.
Chairman Sullivan won't talk back to
George Maxwell, secretary of the Fire Com
mission, who save the bosses at the Junta
headquarters a broadside yesterday. Max
well sticks to his declaration of war and
his intention to let the twenty-five delegates
elected Monday night in the Forty-fourth
go before the new general committee and
demand to be seated regard less of the new
election in that district which Chairman
Sullivan Witt have. held Within a few days.
This is the main proposition upon which
a pitched battle is likely to ensue.
•'Ail -I wish to say is that I am glad the
crisis has come," said Chairman Sullivan
yesterday. "Maxwell's action and the
action of the primary committee in order
ing a new election will, I think, convince
everybody that we are sincere In our op
position to Rainey, Our refusal to let
Rauiey: increase his representation in the
general conmiittee from any district is
simply a matter of expediency, and we
will stick to it. But I don't believe in
personal controversies in the newspapers."
A new ticket for the Forty-fourth is
being fixed up at headquarters and it will
be the only one that will be recognized at
the new election. It is hinted that this
ticket Will shut the Maxwell faction out
entirely, and then the battle to see whether
or not Sullivan can dictate the delegates
fro-m the Forty-fourth will be on. The
Junta primary committee will likely meet
to-night to take some further action about
the various district rows.
MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Inquests on the Bodies of May Conboy
and John Dolnn.
Inquests on the bodies of John Dolan
and May Conboy, who were found dead in
a rea,r room of 108)^ Morton street, were
held by Coroner Hawkins yesterday morn
ing. It will be remembered that the
bodies were found lying on a bed in one
of the houses on Morton street.
George Dolan, a brother of the dead
man, testified that John met May Conboy
at Shell Mound Park four years ago and
became infatuated with her. The deceased
had several bandied dollars in bank, and
George asked him whether he had any of
it left; and deceased said he bad not, as he
hail squandered it all on May Conboy.
Witness wis told by his brother a few
weeks prior to the shootine that he would
rather see May dead than leading the life
she had cbo-en, and that he borrowed
from the witness the revolver with which
the killing was done.
G. Marion was next sworn and testified
that he had met May Conboy a few hours
prior to her death, and she told witness
that John Dolan was getting jealous, and
that she was afraid of him.
The jury returned a rerdict of auicide !n
Dolan's case, and that May Conboy came
to her death by a bullet-wound, inflicted
by John Dolan, now deceased.
The School Vacations.
At the last meeting of the Merchants' Ass
ociation President Dohrraann was authorized
to appoint two special committees. One was
to consist of five members who will act as
vice-presidents nt the mass-meeting of the
Highway Improvement Committee, L. A.
W., winch will be held in Odd Fellows' Hall
on the evening of March 3. Mr. Dohrmami
yesterday selected K. Melrose, A. S. Ualdwin,
M. S. Kohlberg, L. R. Ellert and VanderJynn
Stow. The other committee, consisting of three
members of the association, lia-s been ap
pointed to urge "upon the proper authorities to
change the time of ihe school vacation so thF.t
the public schools of this City will close from
about July 1 to the middle of August. Those
selected were R. L. Toplitz, Percy Beamish and
Andrew M. l)avis.
The Captain Hoaly Cane.
The evidence in the Captain Healy case is
now all in, and Judge Advocate Reynolds pre
sented the side of the prosecution yesterday.
The findings of the court-martial will now be
submitted to the authorities at Wa c hington for
approval. The charges against Daniels and
others will not be ttu-.en up at once.
NEW TO-DAT.
Gone
|Up
In
I Smoke
I CLOTHING
rPßOplTS^i^:^:^:
VANISH. \
ij •. :" AT :.■/, -:;}■
I COST. ;;■;:..;
I COME TO-DAY.
S There's a good deal of :
truth in this "Fire Sale"
of ours. The prices have )?'..
really "gone /■■'> up in \
smoke," despite the ab-
sence :of the "Fire."=
We, Brown Bros. & f \
Co. (121-123 Sansome
• street), have taken every
"broken lot" and every
"odd size" out of our
wholesale stock and. put . ;
them at Wholesale
makers' cost," and offer
them to you at retail at
that price. :
Every one of these lots
is offered at the bare ■'
cost of manufacture—
our manufacture. I
. Remember to look for
the . "Blue Signs" and
, you can't go astray.
Writ's Indian Veptable fills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, COVSTIP*
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Sioniacli, Pimples, and
purny the blood.
Grossmaa'sSDßGiflcMixlSre
With 111 remedy, persona can. cure themselves
without the least exposure,- change of diet or
change in application to business. The medicinS
contains nothing that is of the least injn?v to th 2
constitution. Ask your druggist for U. Tr %l 1
botue. ■ .«.«_«««, j-nc.fl.FINAL PROOFS OF
DONALD M. ROSS
The Eloquent A. P. A.
Champion Closes His
Argument.
THE COURT'S DECISION.
Major Sherman Declares the
Quotations Are From Cath
olic Works.
IMMENSE GATHERING.
Thousands Attend the Meeting and It
Passes Off With Two Slight
Disturbances.
Twice durinp the early part of the pro
ceedings last night in Metropolitan Temple
there were interruptions that might have
developed inio serious disturbances had it
Dot been for the prompt aid of the score
or more of police officers who were present.
Rer. Donald M. Rosa delivered his fourth
fttid rinal lecture on the propositions which
he attirmed were true in regard to the Ro
ni;in Catholic church and which Rev.
Peter C. Yorke denied. He then sunima
li^cd all the citations and evidence he had
submitted on tnu four nights, and Major
Edwin A. Sherman, the court commis
- elected on Monday night by the
■ idience, rendered his decision, declaring
that the speaker had thoroughly sustained
Si is position on each and all of the propo
sitions.
Major Edwin A. Sherman made his ap
nearnnce on the platform to deliver his
opening remarks to the crowded audience
prommly at the hour of 8. He had ut
tered but a few words with reference to
what he called -the attack made on him by
Father Yorke when he came to these
words:
"I oannot handle the weapons of Peter
C. Yorke."
This brought out a volume of cheers and
applause and an almost imperceptible
hissing. While the demonstration was
dying out, above it rose the shout of a gen
tleman near tiie entrance to the audito
rium.
"I am here to defend him," he cried.
"Take him out.'" "Put him out" and
volley? of hisses came from various parts
<'f the house, and about half the audience
rose to their feet to tet a look at the bold
individual. For a few seconds a panic, if
not a riot, seemed imminent. But the
offender was quietly led from the hall by
a police officer and the speaker continued :
Had he not attacked my military record, that
it m- clear as the 6unlight, I would simply have
ignored him.
He then reviewed that portion of his
life and added that he was now enjoying a
service pension from Uncle Sam for par
ticipation in the Mexican War, and that he
had refused to collect the pension granted
him when be was mustered out for dis
ability incurred on the field of battle. He
then went on:
As I said I do not use the weapon of Peter C.
Yorke. I do say this, however. He is the
ir.(j>t vicioai hog in the nasty stye of the
Roman Catholic church. [Wild applause]
And 1 will say turthtr that his tongue cannot
distill one drop of truth. We will now have a
little music. [Laughter.]
After Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan had
rendered a vocal solo Major Lherman
again spoke. He said:
I did not seek this position. I took it be
cause I felt it to oe a dnty which I owed to
Gcd, to my country, myself and my brother
Mason, Dr. Ross, and carried out my fraternal
obligations to him. 1 stand with him to the
last, if fall we must, but we fear nothing. The
perpent is gnawing on a file, his teeth are
nearly worn oat, and in the end will bite him
self.
Chairman Hubbell then announced that
T. C. Ryan of Columbus, Ohio, was on
his way to the coast to deliver a
series of lectures under the auspices of
Council 17, A. P. A., beginning Sunday
night. He then asked the ushers to pass
the collection baskets, and a considerable
sum was realized, to be used in defraying
the expenses of the series of lectures which
concluded last night.
Key. Donald M. Ross, escorted by Major
Sherman, then came forward, and the lec
turer's appearance was greeted with ap
plause, which continued for some time.
Hardly had Mr. Ross reached his desk
when a gentleman in the gallery on the
rii!ht arose and shouted at him :
'Mister, can I ask one or two ques
tions?"
His interruption was met with a storm
of hisses from the audience. When this
die:l out he began again :
"I asked him to permit — "
lint he was headed off by Chairman
HubbelJ, who shouted to him to sit down,
and similar shouts came from the audi
ence. He finally sat down, and then came
applause and yells to put him out. Mean
while a hie of about a dozen officers had
reached the gallery, and the first one mo
tioned to the audience that all was serene.
Then fome one shouted: "Let him stay,
and convert him." ±nd he was allowed
to remain. Mr. Koss raised his hand for
silence and then began:
Your Honor, Ladie* and Gentlemen: lam first
to meet you to-night, and I shall be pleased to
have q'ue6tions asked of me. But I
wish it distinctly understood right
now that no man has the right to
starui up and interrupt for a moment.
[\pplause.] If the gentleman had asked it in
a gentlemanly manner and in the English
language [applause] I would have asked you
to bear with him. Perhaps later on, if he will
ask it civilly and not as a right, I will be per
fectly willing to answer his questions to the
fullest [Applause.] 1 assure you, my friends,
I feel perfectly Milling and am well on my
feet I do not hnv« wgo into the Monitor
oilice and take a pencil and a drink. My
windmill runs by water.
Now ladies and gentlemen, I have tried
from the first to the last— from 10 o'clock last
Thanksgiving day until to-night— to meet the
requirements of the challenge and to meet it,
i.- ] conceive, in the spirit of a gentleman and
a scholar. I did not resort, if I may so state,
to blackguarding; I did not resort to saying
that the statements of my opponent were lies
and forgeries, lam honorable and lam win
ing to concede thai another is honorable and,
when I selected my commissioner in this mat
ter I withdrew from the case. 1 sought to put
no obstruction in the way, but rather tore
move every obstruction in order to permit a
d 'l C am Crt perfectly willing to go down to defeat if
the truth reqnires it. And the commissioner
whom r haye selected knows it ll the absolute
truth what I say. 1 dealt with him on the
highest plane that I believe a man could deal
witfa-a court of justice or arbitration-and I
was willing to leave the decision in the hands
a certain thing that makes me
ci,,ubt to c. certain extent the good intention of
him who challenged me. If I am wrong I
iimli apologue.
The speaker then referred to his previous
Btatemtnts that he had always understood
that the matter was to be heard in public
and that Father Yorke had agreed to thai
condition. Continuing, he said:
I am not afraid o( defeat, any more than I
«ra afraid of a fight. 1 am more anxious for
truth than. l am for victory, for, alter all, a
victory that hats not the truth behind it is
worse than defeat. 1 believe, however, that 1
nave not been .leak with fairly or honorably
from the very first.
I regret it," for 1 would rather believe that
the organization of which he U a prominent
member would repudiate such action es has
been manifested in this matte?, i believe that
mv brothers, whether in the Protestant
entireties or in no cllurch at all, believe that I
have done as fairly and honorably as a man
could do.
He reviewed briefly what he had en
deavored to prove on the three preceding
nights, and continued:
• To-night I shall take proposition No. 8, and
then, if the court pleases, I shall summarize
the salient points of the evidence submitted to
the court. I shall now submit the proofs on
the third proposition, which is as follows:
"The Roman church and her ecclesiastics
have a right to immunity from civil law."
After paying a tribute to the faithfulness
of the press reporters and the papers they
represented for what he termed their
arduous and careful wort, he said:
I suv that the Roman Catholic church
teaches and holds as a dogma that she, the
organization, and her priests, bishops, arch
bishops and cardinals, teaches and holds as a
doctrine thai they ought to have immunity
from civil law. Remember, I do not say that
the <"atholic church holds as a dogma that you,
a layman, ought to hnve immunity from civil
law, but that the priests and bishops and the
Pope ought to have immunity from civil law;
that they ought not to be amenable to civil
law at all.
I nm not fighting the Roman Catholic
church. 1 am not saying that the Roman
Catholic church is wrong in holding that, and
will go further and say that if I were to-night
a priest of the Catholic church I would not
deny it. as he does; and furthermore, from the
standpoint of a truthful and honorable Chris
tian man cfr woman ] believe there is no right
position to take but that. And 1 say that as a
Roman Catholic I would not and could not be
lieve otherwise from the standpoint of the
Roman Catholic church, and I am not even
saying thai the standpoint is wrong.
If the Catholic church is right, if it is the
kingdom of God on earth, don't you believe
if there be a God in heaven that he is greater
than any man or king or president, and don't.
you believe that his laws are above the laws
of man, and if the Catholic church be the
kingdom of God on earth then her ecclesiastic*,
being God's representatives, ought to be free
from being called before any court on the face
of the earth.
I am not saying that the Roman Catholic
church is wrong; 1 ani not saying that it is
right. lam simply going to-night to stick to
my text. Ail thai I have to do to-night is to
show to you out of Roman Catholic publica
tions tnat Rome dues believe and teach that
the priests ought not to be .amenable to the
civil laws.
Now, lam going to resort to citation. lam
going to summons witness — competent wit
nesses—out of the ecclesiastics, and they ought
to know. I have to-nignt brought the mass
ot books and works that 1 have cot to lead me
into the .light or into the woods, and- if any of
you doubt it, kindly, when I read the bonk'and
piij.'c, name n. man to come up here and read
it for himself aud see if I am right or not.
JApplause.] I now quote from volume 1, page
11, of the "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law";
"'ivil laws derive all their forces, so far as
they are apyilicaDle to ecclesiastical matters,
solely from the authority of the church."
Now. if the civil laws nave no force on mat
ters pertaining to the church except from the
authority of the church, il it not true that
these laws are, so far as the church is con
cerned, as though they had never been? If
the civil law has no force in matters pertain
ing to the church except from ihe authority of
the church, all matters there are not amena
ble to law> that have not its consent.
In volume 1, page 229, of the same work we
find:
"According to the declaration of the sacred
congress of January 23, ISSti, approved by
Pope I.co XII!, ecclesiastics and other's
must always obtain leave from tne Holy See
] before they can have recourse to the secular
I court against a Bishop, even though it be in
I temporal matters. "
My iriends, U you have to ask my consent
j betore you have me arrested, don't you think I
I am pretty free of the law?
Father Yorke cannot sue Archbishop Rior
dau. Ecclesiastics and others must always ob
tain leave from the Holy See before they can
have recourse to the secular court against a
Bishop.even though it be In temporal matters.
If he won't pay his beer bill he can't be sued.
On page 443, volume 4, oi this work there is
this:
"Church property is, both by ecclesiastical
and divine right, exempt from tne jurisdic-
I tion of the civil government. H-ence laws en
acted—c. g., by Legislatures in the United
States incapacitating church corporations from
acquiring more than a specified amount ot
property— are null and void."
And you can pass an act in the Legislature
of ( alifornia so that Father Nugent shall not
hold more property than that bill calls for,
and he says: '-You go down below and I will
do just what I like. Your laws are null anii
void." Fortunately I have been trained in
the law so that I understand its construction.
In volume 1, page 92, occurs the following:
"Thus, according to the common law of the
church ecclesiastics are not amenable to the
jurisdiction of civil courts; the Bishop is the
only competent judge in all their causes."
Did I do wrong in accepting nis challenge,
even when the words were put in my mouth?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] Volume 1, page 190,
provides thus:
"Criminal charges, charges against the Bish
ops in tho United States and missionary coun
tries in general, are adjudicated upon by the
propaganda."
When somebody will say that is all right
they can be aUjudlcated by the propaganda.
I would like my opponent to stand up, throw
away the question of forger and throw away
the question of lie, take the books and the
quotations from them, have them reproduced
in the press and then defeat me. But a man is
not defeated by being called a liar and a
forger. [Shout from some one in the audi
ence, "He is a dirty liar:"]
"The Life of Pope Pius IX," a Roman Catho
lic work which is here, contains these words:
The 205 Bishops, In their address to Pius
IX of June 8, 1862, at Rome, said:
'•We condemn the errors which you have
condemned; we denounce and condemn ihe
sacrileges, spoliations and violations of ec
clesiastical immunities and other outrages
which have been committed against the
church."
Well, then, does not the church claim im
munities, according to this? Here is another
from an authorized work in German and
Latin:
"Die immunitat der kirche und der kirch-
Uchen personeo hatte ihren Ursprung nicht
vom eivikrechte." "The immunities of the
church and of ecclesiastical persons have not
their origin in civil right.'"
Here is another lrom the "Elements of Eccle
siastical Law." I want you to know it is not
mine. But I tell you, my friends, I regret as
much as any Roman Catholic In San Francisco
that this is found in the ecclesiastical law:
"Q.— ls it allowed to transfer priests of bad
morals from one parish to another instead of
deposing them ?
"A.— lf the character of such a priest Is un
known in the new parish, and if there is a rea
sonable hope that by tiie change they will re
form, it is unquestionably lawful to transfer
them."
This concluded the consideration of the
third proposition and Mr. Ross began his
review of the. other three, taking up the
first proposition. In support of his con
tention he quoted as follows:
"Now, it is evident that the church insti
tuted by Christ is a society complete ana inde
pendent, because it has been lormed by Hod's
self, from whom it received its own authority;
and to this authority alone does it belong to
prescribe the means by which, in accordance
with the law given by Christ,, its end is to be
attained. No civil rower whatever has a right
to interfere with the legislation and govern
ment of the church, because on the one hand
the commission to teach was not conferred by
Christ on kings, princes or magistrates, but oil
the apostles and their successors. On the
other hand, the church being Catholic, her
power extends over the whole world, while the
jurisdiction of the state is conlined to the
limits of that state."
"We do not advocate— far from it— the
notion that the church must administer the
civil government. What we advocate is her
supremacy as teacher and guardian of the law
of God— as* the Supreme Court, which must be
recognized and submitted to as such by the
state and whose decisions cannot be disre
garded, whose prerogatives cannot be
abridged or usurped by any power on earth
without rebellion against the divine maiesty
and robbing man of his rights. As Christians
we must insist on this supremacy ; as Catholics
it is not only our duty but our glorious privi
lege to assent to it."
"I will draw out a proof that ultramontanism
and Catholicism are identical." But just pre
viously he said: "Tnis is ultramontfinism, the
essence of which is that the church, being a
divine institution and by divine assistance in
fallible, is, within its own sphere, independent
of all civil powers, and, as the guardian and
interpreter of the divine law, it is the proper
judge of men and nations in all things touch
ing that law in faith and morals."
The law of the church says:
"The church claims to be the sole (because
divinely appointed) judge of the sphere of its
own spiritual office, authority and jurisdic
tion. ♦ • • To concede or to abdicate this
mipreme spiritual office would be to the church
death. ♦ • *
"At bottom, then, the question is simply a
question of the rights and prerogatives of the
spiritual order in the face of the temporal.
That order we have found to be by its own na
ture indepenaent and supreme. Every Chris
tian, every moralist, every man does and must
concede it, however by so doing he may reflect
on His own practice. If, then, that order be
presented on earth In its plenitude by the
Pope,, he must necessarily be independent and
supreme ia face of the representatives of the
temporal order; that is, in face of the secular
authority, the prince or the state."
I do not under.-tand how a man in the Ro
man Catholic church can deny these proposi
tions, and maintain his place In the church.
He is the heretic and not I.
•'The church having a divine liberty as the
witness which God has constituted in the
world to deliver his revelation, aud being the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
sole fountain of that knowledge, has within its
sphere a sovereignty, and that sovereignty is
one which is exempt from all control of human
authority. No autharity on earth can Inter
vene to dictate to the church what it has to
teach or within what limits it shall teach.
* * * It is therefore not only exempt, but
supreme, and being supreme there can be no
appeal from it."
Supreme and without appeal I have shown
that it stands, or claims to stand, by this dec
laration, in temporal as well as spiritual
affairs. And in the face of what I have Quoted
Peter C. Yorke says he would obey the Gov
ernment of the United States where it came in
conflict with the mandates of the church. And
for that I nay he is convicted of being a heretic.
I. rather than he, am your friend.
The idea of a man claiming the dignity of
the priesthood falling so low as to say that the
only reason he has withdrawn from this wager
is that one of the judges is a foul-mouthed old
reprobate. It is he who is falling behind the
ditch of liar, forgery.
1 have presented my authorities, which are
incontrovertible. This shall disprove of this
proposition.
Now for the second proposition. Let me state
that priests have spoken here, night after
night, and no attempt was made to disturb
them. We do not have to resort to hoodlum
methods to maintain our position. We believe
the public school Is a civil matter and subject
to the jurisdiction of the authorities. Here is
something of what the Catholic church be
lieves on that subject :
"Experience teaches that the public or com
mon schools in the United States, owing to
their very system, the text-books used and the
class of children frequenting them, In most
cases endanger the faith and morals of Cath
olic children sent to them. If possible, the re
lore, a Catholic parochial school * * * should
be established in every congregation." [Laugh
ter.]
W e believe that the civil authorities have the
right to regulate marriage. There are certain
conditions where the state has the right to in
terfere: such us the existence of certain dis
eases. The Catholic church presents the fol
lowing as the chief impediments that render
marriage null. They are presented in the
shape of question and answer:
"Q — What are the chiet impediments which
render marriage null? A.— The chief impedi
ments which render marriage null are:
"-. Solemn vow of chastity.
"4. Difference of religion.
"!>. Clandestine performance of the mar
riage."
That is to say, in the one Instance, that a
ir.au who once takes the vows of the priest
hood can never marry, nor can a man or
woman who takes a solemn vow of chastity or
who is married outside the Catholic church or
whose marriage was clandestine.
The Monitor recently referred to the wed
ding of an e.\-priest, und used this language,
"Slattery's substitute for a wife." Think of
that! It is well for its editor that a sister of
mine is not married to one of those who have
taken this vow 01 celibacy in face of this ex
pression. There are some things I am not
afraid of, and under certain circumstances I
am not afrnid of hanging.
1 see by published telegram in this morn
ing's pa;jer a denial of the statement I made,
that' the Catholic church had recognized a
recent Canadian divorce. It will be remem
bered, however, that under their law the mar
riage was not legal, one of the parties being a
Protestant. 80 that there never was a mar
riage so far as that church was concerned. Ah,
they are all liars and forgers.
"Pope Pius IX himself in one of his dis
courses says, 'that the right of deposing
princes has nothing to do with the pontifical
infallibility, neither does it flow from the in
fallibility but from the authority of the Pontiff.'
Of course, a Catholic is bound not only to be
lieve what the Pope defines ex-cathedra, but
also to accept and obey what he otherwise
commands."
"On the rights of the supreme pontiffs in
temporal matters there are four different opin
ions, etc. First is untenable. Second is heret
ical. Third advanced, by Bellarmine and
others maintains that the Pot>e has jure divino
only spiritual, but no direct or immediate tem
poral power; that, however, by virtue of his
spiritual authority he is possessed of power in
direct indeed but nevertheless supreme in tem
poral concerns of Christian rulers and people
that he may therefore depose Christian sover
eigns should tne spiritual welfare of a nation
so demand. Thus a matter of fact Pope Inno
cent IV in pronouncing sentence of deposition
against Frederick II explicitly says that he de
poses the Emperor auctoritate apbstolicum et
vi clavium.
"Fourth opinion holds that the sovereign
pontiff has full spiritual authority over princes
no less than over the faithful; that therefore
he has the right to teach and instruct them in
their respective duties, to correct and inflict
spiritual punishment upon both rulers and
people, tmt that jure divino he has no power
as asserted by Bellarmine, whether direct or
indirect, in the temporal affairs of Catholic
sovereigns or peoples. * * •
"The third and fourth seem to differ chiefly
as to. the deposing power of the Popes, but
agree in granting that the Roman pontiff has
nn indirect power in temporal thing*; both
may be lawfully held.' 1
"All Catholics of all nations are bound to
defend the temporal rights of the church."
This sounds beautiful in the ears of Ameri
cans who love liberty.
"I mean to assert that the temporal rights of
the Holy See are mo>>t intimately connected
with our dearest ana our most sacred religious,
social and political rights."
"The Roman people, had they so desired,
had no right to transfer by their* suffrage the
patrimony oi St. Peter to Victor Emmanuel."
"The tribunal of the Inquisition is composed
of a supreme chief, who is called the grand in
quisitor, and is always either an Archbishop or
a Bishop, and of eight ecclesiastical counsel
ors', six of whom must be of the Dominican
order, by virtue of a privilege which was
granted by King Philip III."'
Now, then, let me tell you something else.
Now, it you were a heretic you would be
brought to a burning purgatory, or as the
church says :
"If tne accused be declared a heretic the tri
bunal, after having pronounced sentence of
confiscation, hands him over to the secular
power for legal punishment. If the proofs are
not irresistible, If the culprits are not obsti
nately attached to heretical doctrines, they are
merely required to abjure them."
If the priests found the person accused here
tical they took his possessions. They handed
him over to the secular authorities for execu
tion after he had been condemned. The church
has this to say of Galileo:
'•What is the reason of Galileo's imprison
ment? It was not for his scientific researches
or conclusions Galileo was imprisoned, but It
was because he was well known to be a man
hostile to the Catholic faith and that there
whs that concealed in the spirit of his writings
and In the man's conduct that alarmed the
church and alarmed the authorities of the
time in his regard. "
The amazing thing to me is how the laity of
the church can stomach all thig.
The celebrated Gregory VII sent messages to
almost all the sovereigns of Europe, telling
them to come off their perch and crown him
as their lord and ruler. To Philip of France
he said :
"Maximo Knitire ut Petrum in cujus Dotes
tate est regnum tuum, et in terra ligare et ab
solverc, tibl facias debitorum."'
In this Philip was told that his kingdom and
his soul were under the dominion of St. Peter
(i. c. the Pope) who had the power to bind and
to loose him, both in heaven and on earth.
To the King of Spain he said:
"Regnum Hispaniee antiguo Proprii justis 8-
Petri fuisse et soli apostolicae side ex aeguji
pertinere."
Ask Yorke to translate that and see if it does
not mean that the kingdom of Spain has been
from the earliest under the dominion of the
Holy See.
A few years ago a Catholic servant girl in a
Jewish family in Bologna took a child newly
born and baptized him secretly with
out telling his parents. The servant
girl committed a grievous sin, and fell
under the censure of the Catholic church,
but the Catholic church had to acknowledge
that tlie child was baptized. What followed
from this? It followed that the Catholic
church was obliged to ask the parents of the
child to bring him up a Christian because he
was baptized a Christian. The parents re
fused and Pius IX was the tem
poral sovereign, and these Jews were
his subjects, and also as head of
the Catholic church Pius IX was bound by the
doctrines of the church and l-y her discipline
to secure to that child a Christian education
until he was seven years old and Could decide
for himself whether he would be a Christian
or a Jew. The parents refused, and Pius IX
was obliged to place the child under the care
of a Christian teacher.
Because that child's parents were under th c
Pope's dominion, he took the child out and
educated him until he was 7 years old. What
kind of feeling did the Pope have for the Jew
ish family? What right had he to step into
that home and take possession of that child
unless tjy the right of thedogmaof the church ?
Plus IX says: "If the church should hesitate
or give way before an opposition of newspapers
and governments its office as witness and teach
er of revelation would be shaken through the
world."
Cardinal Manning says: "Italotiecan decide
iv questions where its power is in conflict
with the civil power."
Brownson's Review says: "Whenever the
civil power comes in conflict with the relig
ious Ihw the civil, not the religious, must give
way."
Cardinal Manning says:
"Tne Catholic church is the highest and final
judge of what is the faith and what is the law
of God, and when science ana politics come
into conflict with the faith and that law it
admits of no appeal from its own decision to
any tribunal out of itself, to any judge of
appeal in the past or in the future."
What more do you want me to prove? Ec
clet-iastical Law declares:
"The authority of the princes and the alle
giance of subjects in the civil state of nature
are of divine ordinance: and, therefore, so
lonjr as princes and their laws are in
conformity to the laws of God the
church has no jurisdiction against them
or over them. If princes and their laws de
viate from the law of God the church has au
thorlty from God to judge of that deviation
and oblige to its correction. When a Christian
world came into existence the civil society of
man became subject to the spiritual direction
of the church."
Tertullian, in his book, "Ad Lxorum," again
»ays, page 178: "Ide penes nos occultaae
quoque conjunctiones hoc est non pius abud
eccleciam, professte juxta mspchtam et forni
cationem judicari prielitautur!"
"There are among us unions which are not
made before the church, and they run the risk
of being called adultry and fornication.'
Tertuliian, in his book "Ad Uxorum," recom-
I mends "the faithful to receive the uuptial
benediction so as to remove all suspicion of
fornication and concubinage which rests upon
those who marry privately."
Is not this having dominion over temporal
affairs?
The fifteenth canon of the Council o f Clare
mont says: "Ne episcopus vel sacredos regi
velalicni laico in manibus ligiam fidelitatem
faciat."
It is enacted that no Bishop or priest shall
promise under oath liege obedience to any
king or any layman.
"Elements of Ecclesiastical Law" declares:
Iv whatever things, whether essentially or
by accident, the spiritual end— and that is the
end of the church is necessarily involved— in
those things, though they be temporal, the
church may by right exert Its power and the
civil state ought to yield. The proposition is
proved (1), from reason (2). We next prove our
thesis from authority. We refer to the famous
bullJUnara Sanctum, Issued by Pope Boni
face VIII, in 1302. This bull declares there
i Is but one true church, and therefore but
one head of the church— the Roman Pontiff;
that there ere two swords, i. c., the
two power?, the spiritual and the tem
poral, the latter must be subject to the
former. The bull finally winds up with
this definition: "And this we declare, affirm,
define and pronounce that it is necessary for
the salvation of every human creature that he
[ should be subject to the Roman Pffnttff."
This is undoubtedly an utterance ex cathedra.
In fact the bull had for its object to
define dogmatically the relation of the
church to the state in general that is uni
versally. The Catholic interpretation of
I this bull is that the church, and, therefore,
I the lope, has iudirect authority over the
state; that, therefore, the state is subject
to the church in temporal things, so far as
they relate to internal salvation or involve
sin. Again.it says the spiritual power (i. c.,
the church) has to Instruct and judge the
earthly power if it be not good. It is, there
fore, defined that the church, and therefore
the lope, has indirect power over the state,
and that consequently the state in temporal
things that Involve sin is subject to the
church."
In a lecture delivered in St. Peter's Church,
Barclay street, New York, on Thursday even
ing, May 23, IST'J, by Father Burke, he saia:
"The Catholic church insists in the teeth of
the world, and in spite of the world's pride
and ignorance and bloated self-sufficiency the
Catholic church insists, as she has insisted
for 1872 years, in saying: 'I know
how to teach; you don't; you must
come to me; you cannot live with
out me. Don't imagine you can live
by yourselves, or you will fall back into the
slough of your own impurity and corrup
tion.'" This is tine language to say to the
state. He continues: "The worid does not
like to hear this. The Catholic church insists
that she alone understands what education
mean.»; the world dees not like to hear that.
But I came here to-:iight to prove it."'
Religious Instruction says: "By virtue of
this divine invitation the marriage of Chris
tians is a sacrament, and will over remain so.
Any matrimonial contract between Christians
not having the charncter of a sacrament would
not oe a real marriage, nor even a valid con
tract. The purely natural contract no longer
exists, except among infidels— that is to say,
the unbaptized.
"(1) Marriage consists essentially in a con
tract formed between two persons, and is
called the contract of marriage; (2) what is
commonly called civil marriage differs essen
tially from the ecclesiastical marriage, which
alone is real marriage, the former having
nothing but a name.
"Civil marriage is a simple legal formality
by virtue of which the affianced are con
sidered as man and wife in the eyes of
the law, and they enjoy the rights which
the law accords to married persons and
their legitimate children. This purely
nominal marriage in no wav constitutes the
affianced man and wife before God, and if
they did not also contract the ecclesiastical
marriage their living together would be a sin."
1 thank God I am through with this debate.
I am not through with the purposes that
brought it about. [Applause.] This question
is before you through the kindness and
courtesy of the pre^s. But it will go wider yet.
I will publish it in book form that the world
will know it. [Applause]
Major Sherman explained that the court had
examined ali the Catholic authorities rela
tive to the four propositions as quoted
by Donald M. Ross, Bnd found that tne lat
ter had proved everything. He declared that
the arming of any t.tct was dangerous to the
welfare of the state, and he thought it the
right of every American citizen to arm himself
for self-protection.
The meeting then adjourned.
FIRST SOUSA CONCERT.
The March Kin- and His Hand Will Be
Heard at the Auditorium
To-Ni K ht.
Sousa and his celebrated band, with Miss
Myrta French as vocal and Miss Currie
Duke as violin soloists, will appear at the
Auditorium, corner of Eddy and Jones
streets, to-night.
Since David Blakely prevailed upon Mr.
Sousa to resign his position in Washing
ton, where he served the Government as
John Philip Sousa, Conductor of Sousa'9
Concert Band.
leader of the Marine Band, fortune and in
creased fame have come to the distin
guished leader. His success and popu
larity are as much due to hi» musical
compositions as to the other abilities. The
whole country has been humming, drum
ming and thrumming the "Washington
Post," "Liberty Bell," "High School
Cadets" and '"Manhattan Beach" marches
for the last year. The royalties which
Sousa gets from these pieces amount to a
tidy sum yearly — over $25,000 it is stated.
liesides this rather respectable income
there is a fat saJary for his services as
leader and no small share of the profits of
tne concerts. All this ha 3 come within
three years. So rmich for getting in touch
with the great public.
Sousa undoubtedly knows what the
average audience wants in music, and the
programmes are got up with extraordi
nary tact. Selections will comprise a mis
cellaneous assortment of come of the best
of the "catchy" things in orchestral and
band composition, some new, some old.
but all of one class — "popular."
The following is to-night's programme
complete as it will be presented:
Overture, "Tnurlngian Festival" Lasson
Second Hungarian rhapsody Liszt
Trombone solo, "Air Vurie" Prvor
Arthur Pryor.
Suite, "Three Quotations" (new) Pousn
(a) "The King of France Witti Twenty
Thousand Men Marched l"j» » Hill, and
Then Marched Down Attain. "
(6) "And I, Too, Was Born in Arcadia."
(r) "In Darkest Africa. 1 '
Soprano solo, "IvllKlit Valse" Luckstone
Miss Myrta Frcueh.
(«) Caprice, "The Water sprites" (new).. Kunfcel
{!>) March. "King Cotton" (now) Sousa
Violin solo, "Ziguenpr Welsen" Sarasate
Miss (nrrlt? Duke.
Humoresque. "The Bund Came Back",( new).. Sousa
His famous marches will of course be
heard, tor a Sousa concert would not be
•■omplete without one at least. Managers
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have wisely
placed seat prices down whore a musical en
thusiast can meet them without hurting
his pocket.
Artificial flowers were invented by Ital
ian nuns. They were first used to decorate
altars and shrines.
BIG GOVERNMENT SUITS
Fraud Charged in the Surveys
of the Visitacion
Rancho.
TWO OTHER SUITS TO FOLLOW.
Thousands of Acres and Millions of
Dollars Involved in the Liti
gation.
The office of the United States District
Attorney is at present prolific of sensa
tional lana suits.
Two suits, involving millions of dollars'
worth of property, are to' follow that of
the United States vs. the Abbey Land and
Improvement Company et al. between
now and March 3.
On the 21st inst. the United States Dis
trict Attorney filed a suit in ejectment on
behalf of the United States Government,
as trustee, against the Abbey Land and
Improvement Company and 114 other de
fendants occupying lands in the Visitation
Rancho. The lands included within the
boundaries of this rancho are Dartly in
San Francisco and partly in San Mateo
County.
The complaint charges fraud. An ex-
United States District Attorney of the
name of Sharp is accused of conniving
with the surveyors, who incorporated
within the boundaries of Visitation
Rancho a large tract of land that belonged
to the Gove rnment.
This suit is the result of charges made
by two men, named Clam and Murphy.
They claim they bought land from the
Government and t>aid for it on receiving
their patent. After receiving their title it
is alleged that the boundary lines of the
Visitation Kancho, a Mexican grant, was
surveyed by United States surveyors, and
they extended the lines of the rancho to
take in several hundred acres of land be
longing to this Government. In those
lands thus usurped for the rancho Messrs.
ClarJt aud Murphy as sert their acres are to
be found.
They could not bring suit in their own
names, and their only redress was to in
voke the action of the Government. The
initial suit involves many fine points of
law, and between now and Monday night
millions of dollars' worth of property will
be at issue.
The complaint filed by United States
District Attorney H. S. Foote does not
mince its allegations of fraud. In fact, it
is specified that without the connivance of
the United States District Attorney, then
Mr. Sharp, the surveyors of the Govern
ment could not have perpetrated the
fraud, and if the suit is won by the Gov
ernment there will be upwaid of 114 prop
erty-owners here and in San Mateo County
who will suffer. Ex-Mayor Plilert and
John T. Doyle, the attorney, are at the
head of the defendant Abbey Land and
Improvement Company.
The other two suits, which are to be filed
before March 3, are aeainat landholders in
the Los Pulgas and CorUe de Madro
ranchos. The former includes the city of
Redwood, San Mateo County, and the es
tates of many well-known millionaires,
among them Phelps, Hopkins, Robinson,
Britton, Flood and others.
The Corde de Madro Rancho grant and
survey covers the hamlet of Belvedere,
Marin County, and many private estates.
Fraud and inrccurate surveys will be al
leged In both cases, the same as in that of
the United States vs. the Visitacion
Rancho (Abbey Land and Improvement
Company et al.), and extended legal inves
tigations must follow.
In speaking of the suits last night, Dis
trict Attorney Foote said:
The two suits agaiust the Los Pulgos and
Cordo de Madro rauchos must be brought be
fore the 3d of March in order to get in
ahead of the law of limitation. Five years ago
Congress passed a bill limiting the time in
which to reopen the Spanish land grants. The
five years expires on the 3d of next month.
In these two cases kuils are brought to pro
tect the Government against the time limit,
and future action will depend on my investi
gations and report to Washington. Of course,
these people interested must understand that
I am acting only under instructions from
the United States Attorney-^eneral. i men
tion tnis because there are so many persons
who actually believe that I am the sole author
of such suits as these.
The property included in the Los Pulgos
Raucho suit involves extensive interests of
the Spring Valley "Water Company. It
may be expected that developments of
more than usual interest and importance
will follow.
Planting Kuzorbark Claras.
The Fish Commissioners yesterday received
7000 "razorback" clams from San Pedro, which
were sent here for propagation. Several weeks
ago the fishermen of San Pedro asked for a lot
of the large red crabs which are so plentiful in
the waters of the northern coast, but which
are not found in southern waters. In ex
change they offered to send a large ouantity of
the. razorbaok clams. When the clams arrived
Commissioner Emeric and Deputy Babcock
went out with these clams and planted them
in all the large mudflats around the bay.
To Lease the Woe Property.
The Probate Court has been petitioned to al
low the executors of the estate of John S. Doe
to lease for ten years the property on Market
street, near Jones. The- would-be lessees are
the present occupants, Raphael Peixotto and
Morltz Sllverman, doing business under the
name of Peixotto & Silvernian. The terms of
the lease, as agreed upon, are $24, 000 for the
Brat year and an addition 01 i lf 1200 for each
year after the first one.
' ' ' ' — » ♦ »
Flre Commissioners.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday aftpr-
noon and appointed Edward Church hoseman
of engine 33. A. J. Himmelman, driver of en
gine 21, was fined live days' pay; Frank Len
nan, driver of engine 27, five days' pay, and
John McGerry, driver of chemical engine 0,
ten days' pay for carelessness with their ap
paratus.
The I. os Amgeles Forger.
Captain Lees received a dispatch yesterdny
fjom Chief Glass oi Los Angeles that an officer
had left to take bai-k E. J. Dole, the attorney
who was arrested here on Wednesday night for
forgery. The only information the police here
have is that Dole raised a draft from $250 to
$850.
NEW TO-DAY.
" «• • Yin Mariani ' is an exqui-
site wine, a delicious remedy —
pleasant to the taste and bene-
ficial to the entire system.'*
Coquelin.
E9L9ii W * ■ & B ■ wk II
THE lUEAI, TONIC
for all fatigues of
Body and Mind
|'M^iied"Freeyi _____
• Descriptive Book with Testimony and
1 Portraits
I OP NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable. , .
Every Test Proves Reputation. '.
\l ATQId Substitutions.; Ask for Tin Mariani.* :
' At Druggists and Fane? Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Pimi»:«i Bd. H«u»niinn. 62 W. 15tl>St. l HeWl«fc \
l«» dor ;Hi Oxford Street, V ' ■ TT-'j.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. : • ■ ■ -
AT PRODIGIOUS REDDCTiONS
TO — ■ —
FORCE THEM OUT TO-DAY!
. The immense quantity of goods to be cleared out before the end
of our sale Saturday impels us to mark down the following and
many other lines TO BE FORCED OUT TO-DAY
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE!
GLOVES! GLOVES!
At 45 Cents.
110 dozen LADIES' 5-HOOK AND 4-BUTTON GLOVES, dressed and undressed kid
(manufacturers' samples), colors and black, regular values $1 and $1 25, will be
closed out at 45c a pair. • ■{•.;■
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
.A.t 45 Cents. i
120 pieces 50-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and mixed colors,
worth $1, for 45c a yard.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
.A.t 2O Cents.
50 pieces ALL-SILK 4^-INCH STRIPED RIBBON, in assorted colors, value 35c, will
be offered at 20c. • .
; : '--;>-H: . , Ajt 28 Cents. ■ . ■ ' .
60 pieces ALL-SILK 5-INCH DRESDEN RIBBON, entirely new, value 45c, will be
offered at 25c.
I MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS!
. •"-' .A-t &A Cents. ■■'->?•-:■;■
125 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, extra
large size and warranted fast colors, regular value lor $150 a dozen, will be closed
out at Bj^c each. -"•■'-■ •'" ■ V si : .• ' ' •:
EMBROIDERIES!
.A-t 1O Cents a, "sT«,rcat.
3000 yards CAMBRIC,' NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 20c, will be placed on sale at 10c a yard. ' : •
LADIES' WAISTS!
.A.t SO Cents,
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy stripes and checks, laundried collar and cuffs, will
be offered at 50c.
.A-t &3..00.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy lawns, dimities and percale, laundried collar and
cuffs, extra full sleeves, regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1.
/". •- ' - ■
/g/§f&^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Market street, corner of Jones, /
Im\ j
is not needed to en- i
I able you to make a most
I delightful beverage of Ghir- : f
ardelli s Cocoa. It is made )
instantly by pouring boiling |j
I milk upon it, adding sugar j jj
I jto suit* It contains all the j |
i nourishing, strengthening, ' |
i flesh-building qualities of j* j 1
the Cocoa bean, and noth- |
ing else* No other form of ; |
liquid food is so convenient, |
so palatable and so nourish- : 1 ;
ing, as . ■^•- I
I Ghirardelli's i B
COCOA
I Sold by All Grocers ' 1
32 Cups for 23 cents |
i mmmmmmm 1
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. ■ New cases cured in two weeks. . Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Loom 1, 033 Market St., San Francisco.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tb.9
sexual and urinary organs of "both sexes, and a
preat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great .Restorative, Invigoratorand .Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials neeessarv. .
X\I!KK, AM'S & BRINE, Agents. '
323 Market St., S. F.-(^end for Circular.)
9(91^ 50 c - TSIIL S ETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants. v
/S^W^kSt^^ We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
'/05*53iiii>$S O£»C3IS Set A — ' Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
fifvyr**Mffi& i -" l^A*l^ B— lo -Lovely Carnations, 10. sorts 50c A ny
iKL'-f fiSSK&vSfcgJ^rt C— lo Prize-wimiins!: Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c , „
MSJWjJfi/KSS&^KSsfc R^" 5 Superb double Petunia*, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
f50 c - TEIiLL S ETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plant*.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
C— lo Prize- winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c *
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E-5 Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc FOR
tUUk^^VAlim^A Rlfll* V G-lOhleganteverbloomini? Roses, 10 kinds 50c ->>«
f Wl J l'j K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, <J> I "***
V'-^"" 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
\i mnm^ 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
. gea, 1 Chrysanthemum..........'... .;. 50c _
/ r LiMa>i '10 1/infnf Dlnnt'n m_ 3 plants New Calif. Violet, -» °\»_
-r^^^^^L iz VlOlßt riants, 50c. 3 fee > a ' rI cLouT S ley $2 —
!^fe«tS^^S^B CptiH frvt* f\ttf Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
«->CIIU lUr UUI complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
JpS^fefe ' : ' ; lfnKoH^ ble, Crass Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
,s£J&&'fflJ9B&*' ' Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
'■■' T; * .".-.v- ■'■ Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
table seeds. QX SEED AN PLANT CO., San Francisco
v 411, 413 Sansome Street
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
DON'T PASS THIS BY,
■ ■ -<
■\TO\V 13 THE TIME TO BUY CHEAP, AS WE
-LN are still blockaded by the f-pr^ckels fence, and
we are willing to make big reductions in the prices
of our -Shoes as an inducement to our customers.
This week we are making a special drive on La
dies' Lace Shoes. , They have tine l»ongola Kid
Vamps, Cloth or Kid Tops, Pointed or Medium
Square Toes and V-shaped Patent Leather Tips
with pliable soles, and we will sell them for
$2.35.
They are worth at least .$3, and can be guaran-
teed in every way.
iDliuiJi *t^^~W'
Here is a bargain, and no mistake, and Ladies
who wear Oxford Ties should take advantage of It.
ladles' Dongola Kid Oxfords, with Pointed Topi,
Patent Leather Tips and FRENCH STITCH
HEELS and Hand-Turned Holes, for
$1.35.
They are easy on the feet and require no break-
IniT In. Widths t, D and E. They recall regularly
lor $2 and $2 50. '
tfg" Country orders solicited,
tST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
DR.WOMWOO
Chinese Drugs ■ J3-*^**>i*l&^
and Tea and Herb Eg*
Sanitarium, - J£J? 'Vttm
776 CLAY STKKKT, «L -^^ 31
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, Rftti Jjs* gjr,
Han Francisco. Jt*'/ *^2» >&
■I, the undersign hava \ A %_ %9
been cured from kidney fLfl'wH. Iff
trouble, from which 1 b HEyT" ' *? %
suffered for over 10 years, ? VH^^^ / J
by Dr. Wong \Voo. . fe-. 'B*'^ ■ jffl >»5
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 mSXßttSUß&an&iltfJi*
a. if. ; 1t03,7 to 9 p.m. maßm!&sß2%xyaubm
910
FATHER YORKE
IS SARCASTIC.
What Was the Origin of
the "Clerical Immu- :
V nities?" . "[ ■'..■ ■
ANOTHER CATHODE RAY
Half-Fare Tickets " and Free
Passes on Railroads to .
. Ministers.
LAWS FAVORING THE CHURCH
The Catholic Clergyman Answers the
Champion of the A. P. A. on the
Third Proposition. . .
The following is Father Yorke's answer
to Donald M. Boss' addross at Metropoli
tan Temple last .evening: _.. :'. '
To ike Editor of the CaU—T)EAR Sir: So the
farce has come to- ah inglorious end.- D. Ross
can gauge the height and depth. the Jco.n
terapt with which the public regard him. He.
can also estimate how much his "friends! 1 love
him. • . • ; /
As long as the munificent .sum of two bits
stood between them fend the Round of his siren
voice these patriots .. remained . religiously ;
away. But at the cry of & free' show the irar
rets'and the cellars ■ gave np their, "hobo?,"
and the saloons along the water front mourned
their unwonted desolation. ■■ ■
As usuAl the performance ■ was- opened by'
Sherman. Last night 1 declared that Sher
man's name could not be found in the official
records of the Mexican War. He. re
plies by saying that he drew a pen
sion. Those who remember how camp-follow
ers, coffee-coolers, sutlers and. scaramouches
drew pensions are not surprised- at Sherman's
confession, that besides being a barriacle on
half a dozen secret societies, he is also a barna
cle on I'ncle Bam. " .'•.-' •:
Let me repeat now my: conviction that Sher
man is as much a major as I am a general. He
knows nothing about the Mexican War.' For
instance, he .stated tnat were .hardly 'any de
serters from the' volunteers In .that .war, yet the •
facts are that. out of the -6785' men who de- .
serted 3876 were from these, same volunteers.
Before Sherman pretends to sit in Judgment •
on any case let him first prove that he is not a
fraud.' I hereby demand evidence that he is.
entitled to the rank of major. I. demand evi
dence that he was ever enlisted for the Mexi
can service at all.
ft,*- THE CATHODE BAY. • ■ '
Sherman then began to grow' witty. He be
lieved that if he had a catnod* ray he could
see my in'ards full of snakes. lam sure that
he is able to conjure up the reptiles- without
having reco::-- 10 any thins so unsubstantial ',
es the cathode ray. Mr. ' -Editor, I
nave no doubt thr.t the X rays which would
flow from Sherman would possess a high poten
tiality. Experiments show that the greater
tne vacuum in the bulb the more powerful are
the rays. Sherman's cranium' is perhaps as'
complete a vacuum as science could desire:
P. Ro's proceeded to eulogire the ."judge"
•vrtioni he had selected. .He was an honorable
■sr.an. In fact, both are honorable men.
Sbtrman, who declared that -he 'would not i
believe a ;>rie.«t on oath, Is well fitted by grace I
end nßture to act as judge in a case in which a
priest is concerned. Boss, whose only desire .
:s truth not nickels, was' so limited in his
search for a non-Catholic lawyer that he could.
only select ir.an who' would not believe a. '
jiriest on oath.. Is Sherman a- lawyer ? My pri
vate opinion is thai-he is as much a lawyers'*
)ie is a rnejor. 'No wonder Ross was willing. to i
leHve the decision to Sherman. Why did he !
.not put'lifh the decision himself ? \ ..!
" ' ' THE INEVITABLE PLATE.' • ... ' !
The Tr.ost ludicrous portion of the' perform- !
ante va? the appearance of the inevitable '
j.laie. While the tariff of two bits, existed the j
patriots remained away. • As I mentioned, at j
the cry of a tree show they online from all over
the City. Then the disinterested ■ patriots
who are, to use Mr. Footers . words, "run
ning the show," could not resist the tempta
tion. A last attempt would be made to raise i
the wind, and so Hu Obeli produced the plate •
and demanded the nickels ol the.audience. I j
r*-pret to -<-■ that the patriots.proved obdurate. '
Only the Muses can describe the result, and j
my friend, the office-boy, i» on intimate terms !
with the Muses. • ■ ' ■ .-• . J
• R.l«ht then t):^ basket is passed around -.'
About the crowded hall.
Fox Donald Hoss can": fitrht the Pope
On nothing but his gall: :
£o round about the baslcet went, ■'■'":'
Ye patriots Rive ear: . ■'■".'."■: I
Fat some they dropped a nickel in,
And some they dropped a tear. -.■'•'. 'jv
Ah few as are the wintry hairs • . ..
Upon old Sherman's pate
The nickels dropped reluctant In . . -. "•
That gyrovagant plate,
For all ttiis patriotic crew ' - • . ■
Is of a thrifty mind . "- • \~i-~
And though they hate the Man of Sin, -
His Bishops, priests and all their kin,
A Dove, below, without, within. .'
. Will richt them all through thick and thin,
They'll hold right on unto the tin, ■ .« :'.-.
•i Ana nothing give but wind. . •"
The pretty little interruptions which oc
curred during the perform* nee were carefully
planned for effect. • Alack and alas that they
fell so flat. Dr. Ross should be very careful
not to allude to the English language. • ' "
He claims to have taken high honors in
mathematics, but if we are to judge of his at
tainments in that branch of learning by his
attainments in English grammar he does not
know the difference between the calculus a«d
a milch cow. ... .
His attempt this evening was to prove his
third proposition, namely: ■ •
"The Roman church and her ecclesiastics
have a right to immunity from civil law."
This proposition means that' the priests are
not bound by the civil law. Case tried to
prove this by doctoring Gury and changing a
yes into a no. Ross took a shorter way and
boldly put the proposition into the mouth of
the Pope. :
Here let me remark that Robs tries again to
crawl out of the responsibility for these propo
sitions. If he did not utter them how did they
appear in the Chronicle report of his speech,
why were they printed in the American
Patriot?
In an interview published in the Examiner
of November 29 Ross acknowledged that the
Chronicle "summary was fair to him." ■He
cannot escape now by denying thai he never
used the propositions. .pSSffi
As usual Ross made no attempt to produce
the Roman Catholic publication from which
he had pretended to read. True, he brought
a basketful of books on the stage, but
the white marks on their . backs gave
away the sad secret that they were borrowed
from the Public Library. I suppose he spent
the £000 he speaks about in paying fines for
.retaining the volumes beyond the legal time.
The history of this proposition is similar to
that of the other three.
The thirtieth proposition of the 1 syllabus
runs as follows in Latin and in English: ■
XXX. Kcclesiaeetper-j XXX. The Immunity
sonartirn ecclesiastic:!- of the church and of ec
• rum itnmnaitm a, jurejcleslastical persons had
civili ortuni habiut. | Its origin in the civil law.
You will see at once, Mr. Editor, that this
proposition deals, with a question of history.
V hat was the origin of those privileges known
as clerical immunities? . • : .
An immunity means in law the exemption
of ecclesiastical persons and things from cer
tain burdens of state. The non-taxation of
church property is an immunity, the privilege
S by which ministers of the gospel are excused
from jury duty La an immunity. The half-fare
tickets or free passes given 'on railroads or
streetcars arc an immunity. . :'
, .Vow. in olden times these immunities wore
far more extensive than they are now After
' the conversion of . Constantine, as Newman
.'says: "Laws were pawed in favor .of the
-.church; Bishops could only be judged by
, -Bishops, and the causes of their. "clergy, were
withdrawn from the secular courts. '
TWir sentence was final.as if it were the
Emperor's own, and the Governors of provinces
were bound t.o-put it into 1 execution. Liti
gants everywhere, were allowed the liberty of
referring their cause to the tribunal of the
lfi«-hoj>s, who, beside*, became arbitrators on a
large scale In private qurarels;an.d-the public.
even heathens, wished it 'so." '.'■'. .•'"*.
. During the Middle Age's these privileges con
tinued and were sometimes.. diminished some
times increased. * They formed a' large and
complex .set of rights rinnnjig from the simple"
and natural exemption from . military service
to the privilege of coining money arid exercis
ing many of Hie rights of a feudal sovereign.
When, therefore, we face this vast and com
plicated question and inquire what wa.s the
« origin of the, clerical immunities, we cannot
; solve it in v single sentence. Some of" these
Immunities no doubt had their origin in civil
"conditions, others arose from the very nature
of the clerical state. Hence, when the sweep
ing assertion "was made t:mt the immunities of
the church of ecclesiastical persons had their
origin in civil law, that assertion was con
demned by the Pope.
H7-T<il:V OK THE PROPOSITION.
The rr-a'l meaning ot the condemnation may
be seen more clearly when we remember the
historvof the proposition. As I mentioned a
few days ago the Pore in 1804 published a
syllabus or Index of errors which he had con
demned at -various tunes during his pontifi
cate.
In IS4S a South American clergyman had
written a book on the power of civil govern
me -. In that book he stated that these cler
ical immunities which had been sanctioned by
: r!n* laws of God and the canons oJ the church
had (heir origin in the civil law and that as
■fnr ns sacred ness was concerned the house of a
foreign Erabassador was far more sacred than
a church.
Of course, this crazy book was condemned,
and the proposition known as Xo. 'JO was ex
tracted from it.
American common-sense itself rejects such a
wild statement. Let us take a few of the im
munities which are in vogue among ourselves.
Do the railroads give clergymen special rates
because of the civil Inn?
Clergymen arc given special rates because
the corporations believe thai the calling of
ministers is a religious and charitable calling,
and because these special rates are in the na
ture ol a contribution to works of philan
thropy. This' immunity, therefore, has its
origin not in the civil law or in civil customs,
but in the very clerical character as established
by <iod.
Again, take an immunity which is set forth
law. Clergymen in this City are not sum
moned to do jury duty. The law makes the
exception, but why? What is the origin of the
Jaw? The origin of the immunity is again to
be found in the nature of the Christian minis
try, as established by Christ, just as the origin
of a similar immunity for physicians is rooted
in the Tight 8 and nature of the profession itself.
It is evident, therefore, that the proposition
cannot stand the test of common-sense, and
that it is as erroneous when judged by our
American standard as when judged by the
standard of the Pope.
I). Ross took this proposition of the syllabus
and treated it as he did the others. Again Jet
me use the "deadly parallel":
OKIOIN'AU ROSS' FORGERY.
• • * The Immunity • The Koman church
of the church and Of ec- and her ecclesiastics
clfsiasticul parsons had have a right to immunity
its origin in the civil law. from civil law.
You can see at once how the proposition of
D. Ross misrepresents the position of the
church. It insinuates that the church and the
clergy are not bound by the civil law, and that
if we wish we can ride roughshod over the law.
Win dealing With Dr. Case I showed how
false this accusation was, and I repeat now
that we consider ourselves bound by eveay civil
law which is in accordance with the constitu
tion of this State and of the United States.
. An Immunity does not mean that we are not
bound by the civil law. It means an exemp
tion from certain public burthens. The doc
tor.who is exempt from jurr duty is bound by
the civil law just as much as the talesman who
is forced into the box.
The. churches which in various States are
exempted from taxation are just as much sub
ject to civil law as the corporations which pay
a percentage of their earnings into the public
treasury. When, therefore, the clerical im
munities are made to mean that the clergy are
not bound by the civil law, the object of the
interpretation is simply to calumniate the
church. •".';
Moreover, let me add that, the exemptions,
from public burthens have nearly all been
voluntarily surrendered, even in Catholic
countries, in modern times. The concordats,
or treaties, which the Pope makes with
such countries contain no provisions for
the old exemptions. Without a word
of prow si the privilege of separate courts has
been, relinquished, and the. clergy, even in
countries wholly Catholic, have been placed on
■the same footing of equality before the law as
other citizens.
These immunities of former days have served
their purpose. They were a necessary feature
in the evolution of civil society. Their useful
ness has passed, and without an expression of
regret the church sees them pass away.
The quotations which Ross produced are as
usual irrelevant and mangled. He quotes two
sentences from Cardinal Gibbons and leaves
out the words which explain what the Cardi
nal meant; but I hope to return to this again
and show that the noble act of Wendtelzing
Catholic authorities is not confined to the
other side of the bay..
As to the judgment pronounced by that old
humbug Sherman it was a fitting conclusion
to the farce. Without taking the trouble to
verify the quotations, without taking ten min
utes for' reflection, he stood up and delivered
his findings."
But what can we expect from a man who
would not believe a priest upon oath— what
can we expect from a patriotic parasite and a
military fraud?
D. Ross is to be pitied. The gold mine, like
other gold mines, did not pan out. His feel
ings have. been so well expressed by my friend
the office boy that I conclude with the follow
ing description of the closing scene, in Tenny
sonian meter:
O Hubbell!. let me be a little while as yet my soul
: is filled. . . '
Filled .with bitter disappointment thus to see my
. meetings killed;
Meetings which I held in spite of Pope's »nd
priest's and bishop's curse.
Meetings which I hoped would fill up mine ema
ciated purse. *•t * •. ■>
T/Ook around. you o'er the meeting, oh, the empty,
empty seats!
See th<- sorry set of coons and Scandinavian dead
.' beats.
Few the tickets that we sold them, spite of all
the son we sang:
Ne'er a nickel, Hubbell darling, ne'er a nickel's in
the gang:
Not a Koman came to hear me, 'tis the same old
Orange crowd:
Finns,. Kanucks, and Banes and niggers, and the
Swedish beetle-browed.
"Oh, that we could spoil the Papists, th«y alone
have cot the tin;"
Donald sighed and eased his jawbone, rtubbell
wept and said "Amln."
• Yours truly, P. C. Yorkk.
WEALTH Or THE ASTOES.
They Are Constantly Adding to Their
Realty Holdings in >*ew York.
The Astors are adding to their realty
holdings. To-day "William Waldorf Astor
purchased an old etiurch building on
! Forty-sixth street, between Sixth and
Seventh avenues, which covers three city
lots. By this purchase the great estate
gobbles the entire block, with the excep
'. tion of one lot. As this block is one of
! the several selected for the metropolitan
terminal of the big Nonh Piver bridge,
I which will surely be completed within
six or seven years, the reasons for the pur
: chase are obvious. The Astors— William
Waldorf and John Jacob— are undoubtedly
! the largest individual owners of real estate
lin Gotham. Like the founder of their
house, they have always regarded
' city land as the best and safest
investment. Old John Jacob first be
came a real estate owner in 1789, when
he bought for $25 a lot of land on the
iJowery, near Elizabeth street. Twenty
one years later he was the largest holder
: of real estate in town, and bis descendants
have ever since kept the lead in this re
spect. In 1835 he sold the Astor House for
$1. William B. Astor had expressed a
desire to own it, whereupon John Jucob
told him that he would sell it to him for
I the amount named. The bargain was con
. eluded on the spot. The greatest care has
, always been taken to keep the exact value
of the Astor estate from becoming public.
I When John Jacob Astor the tirst died he
; was said to be worth At Wil
; Ham B. Astor's death it was reputed that
i he was worth $fX) 000,000, but this estimate
' has been declared too low. A few millions
i could be added with safety at present, and
every hour increases the valuation.
Ever since 1811 the Astor family has
been putting its spare change into Man
i hattan Island real estate. Rents which
accrued were reinvested with a particular
view to the location of the property. John
Jacob and William Waldorf have con
tinued to make investments in Harlem
i and the nfrw annexed district within a few
years. They keep a sharp eye on the
1 trend of trade and the growth of lew
districts. One real estate authority
: in speaking about the Astor land hold
ings, said that south of Eighty-sixth
' street it included twenty-five acres
|of soil solidly built up." Yet this
i large amount of property does ftot amount
j to more than halt of the Astor estate,
j which owns lands and buildings around
I Jerome Park and along Riverside drive
f and the boulevard. It is the business cus
j torn of the Astors to give leaseholds of
twenty-one years, on which the lessees
! build, the lease being snbject to n renewal
! at the end of twenty-one years on a re
appraisement. The ground rents for these
properties go to the estate, but on the as
] sessment books the property does not ap
i pear in the nan^e of the Astors. That's
why their great wealth is not getatable by
those people who are always poking their
noses into the t>rivate affairs of other peo
ple.—New York Correspondence of Pitts
burg Post.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
FAVORITES IN FRONT.
Four First and Two Second
Choices Landed
Purses.
HID AGO STRUCK EAST GAME.
Installator Captured the Handicap, and
His Stable-Mate, Vinctor, Took
Another Event.
The card offered racegoers to the Bay
District yesterday was a decided im
provement over those of the preceding
days of the present meetiD«. r . The "dogs"
were discarded for the time being, and
with the appearance of some horses of
quality and class the betting assumed
much larger proportions. In nearly every
instance the finishes were close and excit
ing. It was a great day for favorites, four
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
T*l^T^^£US! l l Weather Mist *- Tr « k *"• »■*
rro FIRST HACE— Six furloncs: selling; four-years-olds and up;
747 Boreas, 4 107 i 1
728 Huntsman, 6 107 i 2
749 |Rond Hminer, ft.lio' 3
731 ! America, 4 102: 4
706 Imp. Amurlno, a. llO 5
1192 Oracle S, 6 106 6
257 Prince Devine, 4.104 7
Horse, age, weight.
Vi *A Ktr. Fin.
1 8 "Tii^lTi" IT"
2MI 3 3 2 1/, 2 4
312h 3 3 3 2
41 43 43 4 15
6 20 6 « ft 4 6 10
ft h « 20 6 10 6 1
7 7 7?
Chevalier
H. Martin
[\V. Flyr.n
; Rowan
IK. Jones
JRoss
Betting.
Op. CI.
7-20 2-7
8 12
5 8
12 30
40 60
16 60
200 600
1
i ••
:3loran
Starllnßrgate used. Won easily.
Winner. G. Kbse's br. h., by KoUan-Oranance. Time, 1:161/4.
iJCCi BECOND RJ
I ""■ ances; purse
; selling;
; allow-
Index. ! Horse, age, weight.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
V*
Mi
*/*
■ _^
723 llidaKO, 4 107
726 Joe Terry, 3 89
734 'Meadow Lark, 4.. 93
730 Decision, 3 94
(749) Bed ill, 4 ......107
(716) Hermanlta, 4 102
(682) Monitor. 3 97
730 Nellie G, a ...... .105
745 ! Allahabad, 4 104
3
I 9
4
i X
6
I 5
1
7
8
61
3 8 Va
3h
2 1 n
8 3
4 2
9
7iy 9
63
6 3
3h
1 2
2 b
8 4
4 2
9
7h
4 h
74
1 h
2 »/ a
3 1/2
61
63
9
85
3 Va
I?
\i°
6 1
7
9
8
. 1 1
2 3
3h
43
6 2
6 3 !
74 '
8* |
J. Chorn
Garner
Hewitt
K. Jones
Shaw.....
11. Martin ....
Chevalier.;...
C0ady.........
McClatn
3-6
2
10
10
Ift
10
10
20
60
1-2
3
30
15
20
16
25
3 00
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner. B. Schreiber's blk. h.,
Time, 1 :32i/j.
t post, 16 minutes.
7RI T HIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: handicap.
Index.
(648) Installator. 4 116 >
743 st. Lee, 8 94j 3
(717) Basso, 4 110 1 6
743ilx>gan,a lltti 1
648 IThornhill, ft 10H. 6
719 j Fred Gardner, ft.. 103 4
Horse, ace, weight.
Std. JV* Va 3/4 Str. J Fin. j Jockeys.
3Vi| 2 2 2 1 2Vi 2 2 IV, T. Sloln
11 Ilh 12 IVi 11 2 li/ 2 E.Jones
6h ' 6 5h 41 44 3 1 J. Ohorn
2i 2 3 1/Cs 3h 31/2 i 32 4 6 H. Griffin
6 i4l : 4h .5 2 6 3 510 toady
4 2 5h , 6 6 6 6 Garner
8t r. | Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting
Op. Cl.
3
3
5-2
7
10
16-5
ft
7-2
11-5
8
30
stiirtinK-KatcJused. Won handily. Winner, Kirn wood stock farm's b. h. t by imp Brutus-Instnllator.
Time, 1:471/2-
HCi*) FOURTH RACE— One mile;
Index, j Horse, age, weight.
St.
Str.
I Betting.
Op. d.
(735) Braw Scot, a 99 1 1y 2
747 Foriuna, 6 '971 tt 2 i/a
712 Collins, 4 96i 2 4^
(725) Scimitar, 3 95 ft) 6 1
745 K. H. Sherley, 6..102 8> 7h
739 Ip.FullrtnLass, 5.103 7 1 8h
(727) Duillo, 4 92 8 3h
731 Arnette, 4 98; 4 , §h
752 Polaski, 6 97| »! 9
1 Uj
5h
a h
9
7 h
3 h
61
8 Va
2 3
1%
61
32
5 h
71
4 It
8
9
1 h
2 3
6 1
V?
4 2
6 3
7 5
8
9
1 h
23
an
4 h
53
66
75
H h
9
C Slaughter....
j Chevalier
jGarnrr
|K. Jones
iT. Sloan
I Snider.
Frawley
H. Martin.
1.4
3
4
7
40
40
8
40
1
8
3
10
6
300
500
15
200
[Cole
used. Won driving.
gr. g.,by imp. Midlothian-Helen Scratch.
Time, 1:4
rr/'Q FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs;
I 00.
; penalties: allowances: purse
Index.
' Horse, n_-r. weight.
V*
I Betting,
op. ci.
629 ■Vinctor. 3 11l 3
Lobetßlila, 4 11l 1
(708) Yankee D00d1e, 3. 107 2
(734) Salisbury 11, 3.... 99 4
31
1 3
4
3 1
9 b
1 1
3 3
1 n
2 2
4
33
1 li
I*
1 Va T. Sloan
2ns J. chorn
316 Ooady
4 .Donnelly
8-5 6-6
4 9-2
1 1
26 100
sturiing gate used. Yon driving. Winner,
Time, 1:27.
by imp. Brutus-Mollle H.
T£ I SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Index.;
Horse, age, weight.
Ml
Str.
Betting.
op. a,
701 DerfarKilla, a 107 si
767 Bane Murphy. 4.. 97 5
(744) Tim Murphy, a... 871 1
751 I.evena C, 6 9. r > 2
493 Sir J'.ichard. 6...105 tt
747 Claeqiifr. 6 100 4
(iiulla filly, 3 102 7
i
8*
1 h
2 2-
-63
43
7
33 .32
5h i h
1 hi 12
22 2 1
6 20 (i
4h 5 2
7 7
1 Vj J. Chorn 6-5
2 1 Corhran 2
3 2 IK. Jones 4
4 2 ; Garner 6
ft 4 T.Sloan a
620 Chevalier 8
7 |H. Smith... 300
3
2
6
9-2
6
25
1000
i
I
j
Star-tind-gate used. AVon cleverly. Winner, McNauehton <fe Muir's eh. m., by Onondaga-Klsinore
Time, 1:15^4.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In rtjrps where tbe horses have no record at the distance to be ma the records at the next nearest
distance are (riven.
Abbreviations— F.. fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f.,' furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACK— Fiveand one-half furlongs; selling:
November 27, 1895
Index. '
509
740
746
711
752
740
746
753
752
746
72S
744
752
745
745
7a«
734
759
459
Malo Diablo....
Chinook
' Laura F |
Don Pio Pico...
i sinbad |
! Snro i
Hoadgap
Rosalie !
Rapido
Fleet j
Hal lie Cat vert...;
Nettie D |
Manford
Currency j
Ik.-L
Playful 1
: Ip. F.ndymlon ..
Prince I'evine..
; Little Tough ...
Name.
! Best I
Lbs record. i Dlst.
107 1:80% ~Tt
102
i 91 1:01 ■ 5 f
1 96 1:021/4 6 f !
108 1: 16% 6f
104 1:09% 6% f
104 1:16 6f
106 no rec
104 no rec
108
102
I 91 no rec
108
108
107 1:22% 6% f
102 i
93 : 65% I 4% f
104 1:251/4 6% f
108 1:09V4 Si/a t
Dlst.
Lbs
101
ib'7
106
....
F...
F...
F...
1 F... '
F...1
F...'
Nevada stable |
William Dixon. '■
B. Schreiber 
J. Bobbins j
It. A. Lewis. :
1 Austin ten. \
J. M. Buckley..;;;.!
; J. (Jrace
lE. Kaufman '..
'Welcome stable.... 1
1 Mrs Hod<lard.
11. Pope
M. Lane
P. HI dreth
(harden City stable.
P. Archibald
Atkin »t Ix>ttrtrige .
S. Merri weather
\O. Bair
i.loe Hooker-Orllla
Imp. Blackbird 11-Charlty
Tremont-tNtUici lia;an
Joe Hooker-Countesj Zelka
Joe Ilooker-Rachnel
■Imp. Mariner-Zlnfandel
H. O'Fallon-Mattle Walker
Imp. Murmer-Uosy
Cyc otie-Nyanza
Hermese- Unknown
! Jim (Jore-Mollle Pitcher
I Apacne-Vlnrtn 11
lOfon Elm-Miss Ilnyden
Imp. (ireenback-Acquito
Major Kan-Miss Flush
Jim Brown- Imp Fun
Enterpi ise-Saplentia
I'riiK-e Norfolk- F. Devlne
lilen Elm-Unknown
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
::::
! "94
F...
100
: 84
100
f...:
H..
F...
BKCONC RACE— six furlongs; handicap: three-year old miles.
Name.
! Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
Tk.
TtJO Decision I
7'J6 Clara Johnson..
741 Dare Dollar !
741 Marionette ;
<721) Sweet Kose. ... !
691 New Moon '
. 103 'I:O3V* 5 f
90 1 : 071/4 5 f
' 88 1 :03 : 6 f
105 1:14% 6 f
95 1:08 6% *
! 97 1:17% 6 1
104 F...
99 H..
112 F...
101 F...
91 X...
97 11..
M. P. Donovan Ump.Wagner-Fleta
M. John.-ion El Klo Rey-Vaerle
O. B. Morris A C 0... Imp. Dareblii-Trnde l)ol ar
I InKleside stable Imp. Marlner-Maranette
Burns* Watihouse;Flanibeiiii-imp. Fuiry Rose
|W. P. Ranoall IHyder Ali-Mamonia
THIRD RAi
and a half furlongs;
; inside course; light welter-weights.
I Bept
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
622 A1exi5.......... 122 1:44 Vj, lm. 97 F...
7SO ! Olivia. *14 1:16% «* 120;F...
760 Sam Leake 11l 1:16 6f 110 H..
741 1tebe11i0n........ 101 1:13% !*6 f \ 108 F.. .
700 Came 1...... 122 1:181/4 6! 102 H..
748 Billy McCloskey 111 I:47 Vs 7% f 112 II
(647) Kckert 116,1:361/8 7f 119 F...
744 Walter J j 107 1 -.6614 4% r 105 F...
Name.
[Garden City stable I
|J. <). Raylav I
j Burns A %S'aterhouse'
Wolcoit Btahle
!F. M.Taylor "
Ploasant Hill stable..!
A. .1. smith
|F. Mcßertnott !
Owner.
Argyle-Fr^a
Kinperor Norfolk-Holly L
Imp. Darebln-Carrie C
Peel-imp. Mutiny
Duke Norfolk-Carmen
Joe Hooker-Jegfle k
•Flarabonu-Mozelle
Imp. Truß Briton-Lilly S
FOURTH RA
Index.' Name.
608 illesan
717 ioakland
(7B0) Hidago
723 iFlinilla
762 |K. H. Sherley .'.
I Best I
Lbs record. I Dlst.
105 1:30i,A 7 f
104 2:09 V* li.4m
112 -2:011/4 H/ 8 m
97 1:4? 1 m
107 1:32%!7 »
I !,bs Tk.
jIOOiF..
IIOIF..
in n..
100 P..
ilOtiH..
F. Dwyer | Fabulous-Xettie R
oak-iKiid stable "John A-Alameda
18.I B. Schreiber 1 Hldalgo-f-lraciosa
|O. Appleby > p».pst a\nttne
; K Brown ,i p . Bonnie Brown-I
Owner.
Pedigree.
h
FIFTH
a mile; t
Best
record.
;... ! Arnica.. i
754 D. J. •F0b1n......
Cousin J0e...'..'.
754 Lady Hurst
542 Hey del Tierra..
.... Candelarle
715 Charlemange.. .
Marcie A
698 ' Investigator 111
754 Scarborough....
Lbs 1
no i
113
118
1)0
116
1113
113
,110
113
116
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no roc.
no rpc.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no roc.
I
........
I
....
.... B.Lewis Ip.M*rrlwa-YneLdyHereuls
.... D. J. lobln Imp. Cyrus-Imp. Getaway
.... Nevada stable.. .... 1:1 KIo Key-llettieHmphrey
.... « m. Napier Imp. Martenhurst-Checrrui
.... 1 am bridge stable.. Prince of Norfolk-Mai,l«
"" wJSi? Wan-rh'se Imp. Midlothian Co'sette
"■■ I)- y\lr B.Ma'donough St. Carln-Mnta .
•V Vv,,: Wea ver ••••■• St. Carlo-Flo-sie
.... ! Del3l«nte stable... Sir Modred- Why Not
Aikin <fc Lottrldge. El Klo i.ev-Fonaetta
Pedigree.
!
'■'."
I
1 :...:
i........j
SIXTH RACK-:
a half furlongs; selling:
non-winners since November 27, 1893.
Index. ! r Name. / I
762 Gondola ....... h
80S Robin Hood II .\:
607 il'alomacita. ;. I
727 Sited 8ird........ :
747 Miss Norma.... :
734 Kn5ign.......:.. I :
721 Rey A1ta.. .....; :
734 | Myrtle H.. ......
757 -Road Warmer..
741 Veragua ...:
740 Theresa X...... I
644 Hacienda. :
721 Melante... ..:.;. :
694 Audemalre. ::..
741 sen. Hoffman..
750 America...;...;. I
644 Suffrage..:...... |
709 | Royal Flush....
757 8a5e1...... ......
741 | Crawford I :
Name.
1
LI
It
11
i
]<
1(
li
I
I
<
(
It
1(
1
!
II
I 1
1 ;
II
Lbs
11l
91
108
102
93
! Best i
record. i Dlst.
1:08 6% f
1 1:15V4 6 f '
1 :09V a 5% t '•
, 1 -.07% 6% f
! 1:15 Vi 61
iVd'i "' |6 "i "■
, :56 ' 4% f
'1:011/2 5 1
:56 . 4% f
iVisvve'f ""
1:07% 61/ a *
iVOB% s "t '■■"■'
■ :5 6V 3 41/, *
! 1:211,1 6%* *
:50 \y s m
1:08 6V2 1 -\
1 105 F...
1 101 Fa.
• 96 F...
60 J'\..
95 F...
I
185 F.".!
104 F...
108 F.. .
106 ¥...
105 Fa.'
99 If.;.
"96 ii.!
97 F...
114 F...
108 F...
101 ;f...
W. P. Fine.. .
H.T, Comiskey.".;;
BurnsiWaterhouse
|K. C. Sachs... i
Mokeltmine stk fm.i
J. tiarrlty
O. Moherall.i.'.
T. J. i>oohe..
;B. Kdsall j
F. Farrar
T. H. Ryan.. !
W. D. Randall..' ."■
|D. J. Tobin.
T. Fitzgerald. '.'." '
lEI Corona stable...:
j Owens 8r05...
IWoodiawn stable." I
I Antrim stable. |
i Frank Uhoades-Della
/'ireasslan-Kevelry
. Stirinnai-imp. Paloma
; Red Iron-Fannlc Johnson
! Ben d'Or-Mlss Muggins
Imp. Genelg-Kath. Klnney
A Uu- Fannie D
Torso- Lady Lelnster
i frank Rhodes-Belle
.Rinfax-Partlsana
i Torso- Lizzie V
: Volturno-oille
. Powhaitan-Fashlonette
Imp. Invexsjess-Audaclty
Imp. Inverness-Dora
jlted Iron- Lou B
Imp. .Suwarrow - Franchise
Three Cheers- .Rosette
Ken Ali-Ezza
j Apache-Emma Longfield
first and two second choices landing
purses.
Docile, sleopjsb-looking little Installa
tor lacked very firm support in the betting i
in the mile and a sixteenth handicap, but !
turned the trick very cleverly. In at one
pound less than Lo^an, who' was carryine j
top weight, 116 pounds, the ring laid 3 and j
o\i to 1 againtt him throughout. The j
"iron horse" was backed from threes to {
an 11 to 5 favorite, but Logan is not the,
Logan of some weeks back, and was clearly j
outfooted through the stretch. The three- :
year-old St. Lee led the rield a merry
chase to the stretch, where Installator
forged slightly ahead of him. In a wild |
drive to the wire St. Lee was beaten out j
three parts of a length by the Elmwood
stock farm representative In 1:47^. Basso,
well played by a few of the insiders, was a
good third.
In the fifth event, a seven-furlong run. |
Vinctor emulated the example set by his j
stable companion Installator, and downed
Lobengula, Yankee Doodle and Salisbury |
II in a rattling good race. The Doodle j
horse was an even money choice in the
betting, Vinctor being second in demand,
Dackea from 8t05t06 to 5. Salisbury II !
cut out the running to the far turn, where !
the other three starters passed him, and !
struck the stretch well bunched. While;
Chorn on Lobengula and Coady on the
favorite were having it hammer and \
tongs Sloan shook Vinctor up and passed
the fighting pair by the furlone pole and
came in a clever winner by a length. In
a great drive Lobengula secured the place
from Yankee Doodle by a nose.
Eleven were scratched out of the open
ing slx.furlong spin, leaving it a virtual
walk-over for Boreas. Bookmaker Rose's
horse was a 1 to 4 chance in the betting,
and leading all the way won easily from
Huntsman, with Road Runner in the
show.
The next event, over the inside course,
at seven furlongs, looked a "moral" for
Hid.i?o, and there was a heavy piay on
him at the Lhort odds ol 3 to 5, which was
soon rubbed to i to 2. He won as- he
pleased, with the second choice— Joe
Terry— finishing in the place.
As usual, Barney Schreiber's honest
gray gelding, Braw Scot, was made favor
ite for the fourth race, over a mile, and
everybody on ttie track got aboard. He
won, but only by the narrowest of mar
gins. When tt>e stretch for home was
reached he was challenged by the 10 to I
outsider Fortuna, and the two ran locked
the last furlong. As the wire was passed
the white face of the Scot showed in front,
and he gained the verdict.
A speedy ban.d of sprinters was gathered
together in the last event of the day, a
six-furlong sprint. Nothing in the race
lacked support, the r.lay on Derfargiila
and Babe Murphy being particularly
heavy. Levena C was backed down sev
eral points, and Tim Murphy and Sir
Richard both had friends. Tim Murphy
and Levena C made the running to the
stretch, where Derfargilla, who had been
holding down third position, gradually
worked to the front, and at the end won
cleverly by a length from Babe Murphy,
with the other Murphy in the show.
DEATH OF W. H. WALLACE.
The Well-Known Native Son Carried
Oir by Consumption.
The funeral of the late William Henry
Wallace will take place at 2 o'clock to-day
from St. John's Presbyterian Church.
The American Bark Harry Morse as She Appeared After the Fog Lifted and She Had Been Towed to
a Safe Anchorage.
Consumption was the cause of his death.
Mr. Wallace was a son of the late \V. H.
Wallace, who was a member of the firm
of Season, Wallace & Crocker. He was a
native son and a general favorite with a'l
who knew him. His deatli is a pad blow
to his mother and his favorite sister, Mrs.
C. W. Morton.
THE PRINCE DOLGOROUKI
He Is Here Bound to Peters-
burg to Witness the Czar's
Coronation.
The Nobleman Tells Why He Does Not
Anticipate War With
Japan.
Prince A. Dolgorouki of Russia, who for
some time past has been flag lieutenant of
the powerful Russian battle-ship. Emperor
Nicolas, now at Hongkong, arrived here
yesterday on the JieJgio.
The Prince is en route to Petersburg,
and will not return to China. He comes
of one of the most famous families in all
Russia, and along which a line of noble
men celebrated in Russian history has
sprung. From the Dolgoroukis came the
first princes of the empire, the lluriks, who
governed Russia. They arose in the
province of Twer in the very early times,
and ever since have been foremost in the
affairs of the nation. One of them was
Governor-General of Moscow, another was
once First Secretary of State, and Alex
ander II uoti his wife, as will be remem
bered, from the Doigoroulcis.
Prince Dolgorouki, now here, is an un
assuming gentleman scarcely more than
25 years old. He is a pleasant talker, and
takes a great interest in the affairs of
-Russia. He was asked if there was any
danger of a war between Russia and Japan,
us has been intimated in the dispatches
und otherwise.
"As to tiiat, I hardly think ther ■ will be
any trouble," said the Prince, who is at
the Palace. "If any was anticipated there
would be something that would look like
preparation. At present there is no
preparation whatever.
"Mr. Chitrowo, the Minister from Rus
sia to Japan, who lias his headquarters at
Tokio, is to leave next week on the
9teamer, via Suez, for Petersburg, to be
present at the coronation of the Czar on
May 18. At the same time Colonel
Wojrak, the celebrated military agent of
Russia in China and Japan, will also leave
China for Petersburg. Mr. Dukofski,
the Governor-General of Eastern Siberia,
is al«o at Petersburg.
'.'This i<> the best proof, I think, that
there won't be any war. All th; se gentle
men desire to be present at the coronation
of the Czar, and it is laigely for this rea
son that lam also hurrying homi. I have
never been in t?an Francisco before, and
the City pleases me greatly. I shall re
main here two or three days."
GreetiKweig; & Co. Sold Out.
A. Neubeuer, who is believed to represent
the Eastern creditors of George Greenzweig &
Co., the manufacturing jewelers of 2 Sutter
street, who failed some time ago, was the
highest bidder at the Sheriff's sale that was
held yesterday, getting the stock and fixtures
lor $20,000. Tht? liabilities of the firm were
$30,000, mostly with Eastern houses.
Temple Kinanu-£1 Services.
Divine services this evening at the Temple
Eraai:u-El commence ar 7:45 o'clock. Dr.
Voorsanger will givo the lour^h lecture in the
announced series on "The Constitution, the
Sohoolhouse and the Church." Special topic:
"Sectarian, Religious and Political Societies."
The public are cordiaUy invited to attend.
Strfcfel n by Apoplexy.
Mrs. Woods, an inmate of the Almshou:-?,
was found in an unconscious condition on
Seventh and MarK.et streets yesterday morning
and taken to the Receiving Hospital, she had
been stricken by apoplexy, and in falling her
head struck against the stone sidewalk, inflict
ing a scalp wound that may prove fatal.
A BARK'S NARROW ESCAPE
Came Within Twenty Yards of
Running on Alcatraz in
the Fog.
A FAST RUN FROM JAPAN.
The Harry Morse Nearly Made a
Disastrous Ending to a Suc
cessful Voyage.
After completing one of the fastest runs
made from Yokohama to San Francisco in
years the bark Harry Morse came within
twenty yards of going on Alcatraz T s ]and
in the fog yesterday morning. There was
a providential clearing up for a moment
just at the time the danger was most im
minent and Captain Lane at once let go
his anchors.
The bark was in ballast and did not
draw much water, otherwise there might
have been a different tale to tell. As it
was she was so dangerously cJose to the
island that the assistance of the tug Vigi
lant was gladly accepted and the Morse
was towed out of danger and again an
chored.
Captain Randall of the tug was on his
way to dock a ship, but when he saw the
predicament in which Captain Lane was
placed he at once went to his assistance
and towed the vessel to a safe anchorage.
The Harry Morse was so close to the island
when her anchors held that with the turn
of the tide her stern would have struck
bottom.
The average passage for a steamer from
Yokohama to San Francisco is about six
teen days. The Harry Morse came over in
twenty-six days, thus making the smart
est passage in years. The best on record
hetween the points named was made by
the old clipper-ship Bonanza. That was
years and years ago, but old seafaring men
remember the circumstance well. The
Bonanza and the old side-wheel steamer
China left Yokohama together, and the
"wind-jammer" beat the steamer into
port by a day, making the run in the re
markable time of twenty days. It blew a
gale almost the whole way across, and as
it was a fair wind the captain of the Bo
nanza carried ail the sail the vessel could
stagger under. The China acted very badly
in heavy weather and it took four men at
_____ w _ v ___ w NEW "TO-DAY. ; .*. '■■';
A man likes to feel so strong, so full of pent-up vitality, that
he could cope with anything that comes before him. He likes to V
know that when he is put to the test in a matter of manly power
he is equal to the demand. It is the commendable desire of
every man to be the equal of his fellow-man.
This strength is simply one element ; it is not alone mus- •
cular power, nerve power nor mental strength. It combines all •
in one. It is vital foree — the foundation of all human power ; it }
is the element of all organic, nerve, muscular and mental ener°-v '
—it is Electricity. '• -/-V
Men . who are lacking in this element can recover it. They
can be strong, as many other men have been and are. They can "'•
renew their vital energies with " • .-
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
_V There are so many grateful men who speak of Dr. Sanden's
Mectnc Belt that it is not necessary any more to give names of •
people cured, but hundreds of them, and some very valuable in 7^
formation on the subject, can be found in the little book "Three '
Classes of Men" Get it free on application or by mail,' sealed
If possible cajl and examine the Belt. r .- .. «
SAKTDEN ELECTRIC CO . .
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO
Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I.
OFFICES AT
I a 53 p^S AND - OR -
the wheel to keep her on her course. Sails
were set in oraer to keep her up bu they
only added to the trouble, and finally the
captain had to settle down to dodging
along and making the best of things.
When he discovered that the Bonanza waa
in a day ahead of hinl, he was the most
chagrined man in California.
Captain Lane reports that the Morse had
heavy but favorable weather throughout
the entire run. He was off port last
Wednesday, but could not get in on ac
count of 'light winds. When a breeze
sprang up last night he at once headed for
port and came in yesterday morning on
the flood tide. After passing Lim,e Point
tire wind fell ligl<t and the vessel was just
able to keep headway. All seemed to be
Koinj: well wnen just for a moment the
fo<r lifted and there was Alcatraz right on
the port bow. The anchor was at once
dropped and as the holding ground is good
all danger was soon past.
The Harry Morse was built in Bath, Me.,
id 1871 and is owned in San Francisco.
She is 196 feet 2 inches long, 37 feet 5 inches
broad and 23 feet 8 inches deed and regis
ters 1313 tons net. She will probably be
placed in the coasting trade.
THE BUILDING TRADES.
Establishment of a General Union Head
- quarters cussed.
The establishment of a union headquar
ters was one of the important matters dis
cussed last evening at tne meetinz of the
Building Trades Council. This movement
was started over four months ago by the
several carpenters' and joiners' unions,
and a committee was appointed to exam
ine all the available buildings.
Last evening the subject was revived,
and H. M. Saunders, one of the old com
mittee, made a report. He said one or
two large buildings could be obtained at a
cost of about .'jiJOO a month on a long-term
lease. ]
These buildings can be altered and reno
vated so as to Lave a number of large
meeting-rooms, where all of the unions in
the building trades can meet and transact
tneir business. Other unions can also be
accommodated. The total amount of
money paid by these unions, now scat
tered all over town, if paid for better privi
leges in a union headquarters, would make
such an institution seif-supporting and
soon repay the outlay of putting in con
dition.
Tt was decided to submit the proposition
to the various unions.
Another subject of interest was con
sidered by the council. It was that of
holding monthly or semi-montblv mass
meetings, to which the public will be in
vited. This project will also be recom
mended to the unions.
In connection with the mass-meeting
proposition was another which will be
acted upon soon.
In many places in Europe and British
Columbia nearly all workingmon have a
half-holiday every Saturday afternoon. It
is prorosetl that this will be inaugurated
in^an Francifco also.FIRST BLOOD FOR
COLLECTOR WISE.
The Charges Against In
spector Martin Cleary
Dismissed.
MOORE LOSES A SCALP.
Another Skirmish Between the
Special Agent and the Col
lector Decided.
W. W. FOOTE ON HIS METTLE.
He Criticized the Deputy District
Attorney, Who Responded With
Considerable Spirit.
Collector Wise drew first blood in the
battle with Special Treasury Agent Moore
yesterday. It was all over the Cleary ca^e
The Defendant, the Special^ Agents of the Treasury Department and the Chinaman Who Had Suffered a
Lapse of Memory.
: . . : [From courtroom sketches by tt- M OHft*' artist.]
which was summarily dismissed by United
States Commissioner. Heacock, and the
young man was at o'nee reinstated as cus
toms inspector by the Collector.
Special Agent Moore swore to the charges
of bribery against the inspector. It was
charged that he ana Charles Faver. now at
large, had accepted $110 from Yuck Jung,
and that for the consideration the China
man was released from the responsibility
of being a vender of unstamped opium.
This case is an outcropping of the fight
between Special Agent Moore and Col
lector of the Port AVise. The Collector has
"Yon know what I think of you, sir," said W. W. Footo to Assistant United
States District Attorney Slessinger.
[Sketched in. court yesterday by a "Call" arlisl.]
a way of standing by those whom he be
lieves to be guiltless.
He thought Cleary's arrest was a matter
of epite on the part of Moore against
himself, and accordingly he stood by the
inspector, who has been in the service
quite a long time and enjoys a goodstand
ing in the community. He comes of an
excellent family, and'the insinuation that
he had gone into the business of a pro
fessional briber was, of course, indig
nantly repudiated. His uncle, M. F.
Tarpey, lest no time in going to his rescue,
and Las stood by the young man through
all his little troubles.
But the Oleary case is only a side issue
o the fight between Moore and Wise, and
the fact that the Collector scored the first
victory before the court yesterday seemed !
;to give general satisfaction about the i
I Custom-house, while the adherents of the !
; special agent were correspondingly de- j
pressed. .
The Cleary case was called before Com
missioner Heaeock at the morning ses
| sion. It was nothing more than a farce.
j A few Chinamen testified that they saw
the money paid to Charley Faver and that
I Cleary was present at the time, but when
cross-examined they knew very little.
Jones ran afoul of W. W. Foote
I several times during the examination, and i
i the bitterness which the attorney poured j
I out on the head of the master of Chinese
lingo was as amusing to the spectators as
it was humiliating to the subject of de-
I rision.
Wong Yuck. June: was the first witness !
called. His memory went back on him j
to a great extent and he proved a poor!
witness for the prosecution. He testified I
that he paid Wing Ling $110, and that the i
money was paid by the latter to Faver and i
I Clearv. The witness virtually admitted i
I that he had been coerced into giving cvi- j
dence against the accused by Special j
Agents Moore and Thomas. Another i
CUinaman called as a witness for ihe j
prosecution admitted that he had been
convicted for having unstamped opium in
Ws possession. Wong Yuck Jung testi- I
tied that Cleary had met him as he came j
out of the United States Grand Jury room
I and threatened to kill him if he gave cvi
! dence against him.
.Wong Ching testified that he was in the
room when the money was paid to two j
whita men, but was unable to identify |
Cleary as one of the men.
Several other Chinamen were called, and
all were unable to identity Cleary as hoy- '
ing received any of the money alleged to >
have been paid in the morning at the j
rooms of Yuck Jung in Chinatown.
James Henry Small was the first witness
for the defense. His evidence was to the;
effect that Moore and Thomas came to i
him and threateneel|t:rat if he did not say |
■ certain things damaging to Cleary they I
would arrest him and hold him as a wit
ness. . •
It was during the examination of this
witness at the afternoon, session of the
court: that Attorneys Foote and Slessinger
cams near "mixing" in the presence of the
Commissioner.
"I will take hold of you, sir," said Foote.
"Well, you can do it right here," replied
Sle«sjnger, with much spirit.
"Weil, you know you are bluffing," re
taliated Foote.
"No., I'm not bluffing," said the Assist
ant District Attorney.
"Y<m know what I think of you any
way," said Foote.
"Yes, and you know what I think of
yon," yelled Slessinger.
Then toe court called for order and the
attorneys cooled down.
The witness said that he did not carry a
note from Faver to Cleary on the morning
of February 7 when it was alleged the
money was paid over to the accused and
his companion.
"Did not Moore and Thomas threaten to
cause voux arrest unless you swore you took
a note to deary?" asked P'oote.
"Yes, they did," was the reply.
"Did you not tell both Moore and
Thomas that you had delivered a note from
Faver to. Cleary on the morning of Febru
ary 7?" inquired the District Attorney.'
"No, sir; I did not," replied the witness.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
'Did you not say you saw Cleary at his
own home and that he had his lace band
aged up?"
•'I did not," replied Small.
"Do you know where Cieary lives?"
asked Foote.
"No, sir; I do not," was the reply.
Martin Cleary was called, and testified
to the effect that he was an Inspector in
the Custom-house. He denied tnat he was
present on February 7, when it was stated
he was present, when Faver received the
money. He was home until after 2 o'clock
p. m. that day, and was ill.
"You were prosecuted for drunkenness
by Major Moore, were you not?" asked
Foote.
"Yes, and I was vindicated," said the
witness.
On cross-examination Clearv said he did
not release or seize any opium on Feb
ruary 7. He was not in Chinatown on that
day at all. He knew Faver, and was sent
with him by Deputy Surveyor Kuddell to
make certain seizures of opium. He had
never threatened tbe life of a Chinese wit
ness.
Mrs. Grundy, the landlady at 939 Mis
sion street, where Cleary lives, testified
tnat he was at home all morning, being iJI
at ihe time. He left the house between 2
and 3 o'clock on February 7, 1896.
James Buchanan said he had known
Cleary for a number of years. Between 2
and 3 o'clock on February 7, 1896, he went
with Cleary to the office of Dr. Kohn and
remained with him until 4:30 o'clock,
leaving him at hi 3 lodgings at that hour.
Thomas Van Glann, grocer, corner of
Stockton and Sacrarceiito streets, testified
that Thomas and Moore called on him and
told him that Cleary was in trouble, and
that if he could testify that Cleary had
been at his place on the morning before he
would be doing him a favor. Thomas said
he was Cleary's friend.
The witness testified that he had
not seen Clearv on the morning when the
money was alleged to have been paid.
Several other witnesses were examined
to the same effect. Then M. F. Tarpey
l testified that he was with Cleary in the
! Federal building when the latter svas eaicl
I to have threatened a Chinaman. He swore
', that no such incident occurred.
Commissioner Heacock dismissed the
case, as there was no evidence pointing to
Cleary's guilt.
BURNED TO THE GROUND
Jeremiah Noonan's Establishment
on Mission Street in
Ashes.
The Loss on the Building and Contents
Is Estimated at About
$55»ooo.
What proved to be a disastrous fire
broke out in a one-story frame building at
1017-23 Mission street, owned and occupied
by Jeremiah Noonan as a furniture-store,
at 4 o'clock yesterday morning.
An alarm of fire was turned in from box
65 at 4:07 a. m., but by the time the Fire
Department had reached the location of
the fire the building was a mass of flames.
As soon as Chief Sullivan saw the danger
ous position of the neighboring buildings
he turned in a second alarm, which was
quickly responded to. It was soon discov
ered that it would be impossible to Have
the burning building, so the department
made great efforts to save those adjoining.
For a short period of time it seemed al
most certain that the entire block bounded
by Mission, Howard, Sixth and Seventh
streets would be entirely destroyed, but
fortunately the water supply was ample
and no wind was blowing. The building
in which the tire started was totally de
stroyed, owing to the inflammable mate
rial with which it was tilled.
The cause of the lire is as yet not known,
but it is being investigated by the Fire
Marshal. The fire was rirst discovered by
a paseer-by, who noticed smoke issuing
from the rear end of the building. Mictiael
Doyle, an employe who slept in the loft
of the store, was not aware ttiat the store
was in flames until the arrival of the Fire
Department.
The noise made in breaking in the front
doors awoke him, and upon seeing his
danger he rushed through the flames to
the windows fronting on Minna street and
jumped to the ground, where he lay un
conscious. He was picked up, and an ex
amination disclosed" the fact that he had
sustained quite severe injuries about his
head and lees and slight burns wliile es
caping through the flarues.
The adjoining buildings were slightly
scorched by the fire, but the loss, which
was nominal, was due to water. Mr.
Noonan estimates the loss on the building
at about $15,000 ana on the contents at
$40,000. The building and furniture' were
insured for $32,000. The report of the Fire
Patrol places the loss on the building at
$6000 and the contents at $18,000.
Held for Kobbery.
The preliminary examination of W. P. Fos
ter, proprietor of the Oriel Hotel, ou Market
and Page streets, on the charge of Tobbery,
was concluded before Judge Low yesterday,
and he was_held to answer before the Superior
Court in ij^jOO bonds. The complaining wit
ness was Josephine Mahoney, who charged
Foster with robbing her of $100 in the Bur
lington Hotel. Foster had preferred a charge
of grand larceny against tho girl for stealing a
pearl collar- but ton from him, but the charge
was dismissed.
THEIR REBATES
ALL VANISHED.
Militiamen Have a Griev
ance Against the
Railroad.
HAD TO PAY FULL FARE.
National Guardsmen Claim the
Company Broke Faith
With Them.
THE AGENT WAS OBDURATE.
Instead of a Reduction the Attendants
at the State Shoot Got an
Overcharge.
Unless they can obtain a speedy settle
ment with the Southern Pacific Company
seventy - live members of the National
Guard will take legal measures to adjust a
grievance they have against the corpora
tion.
On Washington's birthday that number
of militiamen attended the State shoot at
the capital, and it is over the manner they
were treated in the matter of fares that the
trouble arose.
It was arranged with the company that
if over fifty members of the guard attended
the shoot the round-trip fare to Sacra
mento, which is $5 from this City, should
be subject to a rebate of two-thirds of the
fare for the return trip.
In order to prevent, as the company
claimed, those not connected with the
guard from taking advantage of the rate
agreed upon, to pay half of the same and
thus get to Sacramento for a cheap fare,
the agents of the company collected $3 30
from each of the militiamen who left this
City. The company told them that the
payment of the one-thira of the return
trip fare would get them return tickets,
and they were given a receipt blank, on
the reverse side of which was the follow
ing agreement:
NOTICE TO ATTENDANT.
1. The receipt on the reverse side hereof will
be given by any ajjent in California of the
Southern Pacific Company, and may be made
to coyer more than one ticket, provided the
additional' tickets are for the attendants'
tfimily. The tickets for the going trip may be
bought at any time prior to the close of the
meeting and allow stopovers at any inter
mediate point.
2. When the agent's receipt and the inspec
tor-general of rirle practice certificate have
been properly executed, agent at Sacramento
will sell a ticket lor the holder's use for return
to starting point (as indicated by agent's stamp
on the reverse side hereof) at one-third of the
regular rate to that point, as per instructions
received from this office, provided this certifi
cate be presented within forty-eight hours
af ler adjournment. The return-trip ticket fur
'^^^^^^^^^^^ .' ■-'..  • . ;..' NEW -TO-DAY. ".' • . .' . . , '.".'.' V -
X m\ Letter
flfff^V /iff ■ ' Day"
\\ U A /)v ///// 4 \\\ t** _
■ // \¥ f/wt\ Sale *
/ I : \V> U /$?/ I \ We can't begin to show you pictures of all our "Red
( I tm.Mffltfiri^^ ' / ) Letter Day" bargains— haven't room.
V V^^^^^^^^^^^^^)-^ I This is merely a sample of what "Red Letter Day"
(~*^ ' . .. , , .. • '-.-... .. s «pv prices on chamber sets means: ■
c^z=z —^^s^^^ ' ' j? ' - Chamber Set oike picture)
'.:'"''.'" "". •.-• : "" '•' : ■•":'':;' ■— ' Picture doesn't begin to show its beauty — $35.
$&0i H'S^ Want a better set ?
";•'.,' .; ;"- " : ;' "y -■••^-> 1 ' ■; • • .'■- ••'• Plenty of those, too — the greatest reductions are on
" ! " x , — that kind.
. .«,.,- M Cheaper ones also, of course.
•- ■ ■.-—■■„.•,'- '■• ■■ - ■'■■ ■•• : •••-■.-• :--• ■•■■-• ' ■ :-... ' ■ ■ _ "Red Letter" reductions are in every kind of furni-
W ,,///, '"'■-%■■ ~''- " ~ '•' ' ' ; -' : -'" "" — - * r-, ;: : ture— not only the patterns ' advertised. .
Dainty White Maple=== / |
L/ctlll X,y YV 111 LC iTlcl|JlC~ =^ t f !
That's the wood — dainty white maple ; you know how ?' . ' ..'''■'•••.. • '"...■■- • - ■■- '
exquisitely. handsome and effective it is. • ; . '-'.' •"_ ■;-.;, '_■■/-,___ -. ■ . ,- .- <
■ Gracefully shaped beveled French-plate mirror— ' • .' . ~^~~" «^^ >— •••■ >— ~p^«>amaa>_i.^B__ p '
swinging. c j- ,- __, ' .^^^^^^_^^^^^^^^_ j..
Nickel-plated casters. . aft ***--<— --^— «.r. .</. -  , ._ -. • "Vp-1
This is no common ; set— it's one r we're proud' of; |f£ ; -;W "♦ ,#, %!fo\i \- r \ W4\
proud enough of it to. put it in the window. : ' %W[^^^ m^%*\:-,- V
There's just 13 of them— 13 will not last long dur- Bl|||« i ■■■:■'■'"■■ ■■'-■y - y- ,■' ':.'. : .■ ,'" ' ' .*■ |
ing "Red Letter Days." ' EH| =======^=========^^
CALIFORNIA FURNITURE COMPANY kf "
uALIr Uliwln I uKJlll Uflij uUIMJI r '^ \^ * - ==;
CN. 3?. COLB Se OO.), .', wfo\
11T.153 Geary : Street * •;" ' ;
nished hereon will be limited to three days
from date, of sale and will be good for contin
uous trip only.
3. Unless a receipt is procured on this blank
for the fare paid to Sacramento and the certifi
cate of the inspector-general of rifle practice
i« properly signed the return ticket will not be
sold at the agreed special rate, and no refund
will be made to attendants who are compelled
to pay regular rates on the return trip through
■failure to have the blank properly filled out.
The receipt on the opposite side, which
was duly signed before leaving the City by
the attendants and the agent, was as fol
lows:
RECEIPT OF AGENT.
Received of the attendant, whose signature
appears below, $3 30 for a first-class (six mos.)
ticket, form W. C. No. 51v3, to Sacramento
via , he^eing en route to attend the State
shoot, 8. G. C, to be held at that point Satur
day, February 22, 1890.
Jas. T. Newell, Agent.
Signature,
, Attendant.
[Sign In Ink. Do not use pencil.]
CERTIFICATE OF I. G. E. P.
Sacramento, Feb. 22, 1896.
I hereby certify that , attendant,
whose signature is given above, has been in
attendance at the meeting named. I further
certify that fiity or more persons holding cer
tificates of this form properly executed have
attended this meeting.
G. B. Spf.ru y, I. G. K. P.
Nothing was lacking from the receipt or
certificate of the inspector-general and
the party went to Sacramento on the
morning "of the 22d. The shoot closed,
during the same day the inspector signed
the blanks, arid the guardsmen went to'
the depot in the afternoon to get their re
turn tickets.
Each expected to get his return ticket
for 85 cents, which would be one-third of
the regular return fare.
To their astonishment the agent de
manded $2 50 full fare from each of those
who came from San Francisco. Those who
came from distant points, some from Los
Angeles and others from far northern
towns, were also compelled to pay full fare.
In vain the guardsmen protested and
showed their receipts and certificates filled
out in due form.
"I have received no instructions from
San Francisco regarding this rebate," said
the agent, "and you can pay or stay as
you like."
Several of the boys who had only
brought enough money to pay the fare
they had understood would be expected
were in a Quandary and were compelled to
borrow from their more opulent brethren
in order to reach their homes.
"This is the return we get for coming up
here and protecting your property during
the strike," said one.
They were compelled to produce the fare,
and the San Francisco boys instead of
getting through for $4 15, the agreed rate,
or even $5, the full regular fare, were com
pelled to pay $5 80 each to get home.
Those from Los Angeles fared even worse.
With a view of putting the agent on
record in his arbitrary manner -of charg
ing, as they looked at it, receipts were
demanded, and the San Franciscans re
ceived the following :
EECEirT FOR FARE PAID.
Received of , $2 50, for passage of
one adult from Sacramento to Son Francisco.
Ticket No. . . C J. Ellis, Agent.
Not good for passage.
Tbe blanks, certificates and receipts are
being iield as evidence, and unless the
company makes an amicable settlement,
suits will be brought for the rebate agreed
upon, and probably for damages.
Meeting of Socialists.
The regnlar Fridaj* evening meeting of the
Society of American Socialists will be held to
night at Kohler & Chase Hall, 20 O'Parrell
i street. Mr. John H. Marble, editor of the Al
trurian, will speak upon "The Socialist Solu
tion of the Unemployed and Railway Prob
j lems." An invitation to attend has been ex
j t-snded to the public, ana particularly to those
: who do not understand the aims of theso
: cialists.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
First Trip of the Steamer Belgic
Since She Was Ashore
Near Kobe.
REPAIRS MAPE BY CHINESE.
Narrow Escape of Robert Emmerson,
an Apprentice on the North
west.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Belgic arrived from Hong
kong, via Yokohama, yesterday morning.
This is her first voyage since she went
ashore on the coast of japan in September
last, and the officers say she is now as
good as new. Alter being towed off the
beach she was taken to Yokohama, where
she was patched up- She then went to
Hongkong under her own steam, and there
was docked and repaired. All the work
was done by Chinese cheap labor, and the
Southern Pacific Company is jubilant over
the saving that has resulted.
The repairs were superintended by the
engineers of tne steamer, and the "work
must have been well done, or else the Bel
gic could never have made the run from
Yokohama to San Francisco in 15 days
12 hours. The Chinese, on an average,
worked for 30 cents a day, and were glad
to get it.
There were only four cabin passengers.
They were: A. l)olgoronag, E. Grubitz,
W. Melchers and J. B. Slocuru. Mr. Doi
goronag is a Russian Prince, and Is a iieu
tenant in the Russian navy. He was on
the Chinese station, tut has been ordered
home to St. Petersburg, and is now on nis
way there. He says that peace reigns in
the Orient, and that all danger of further
trouble is over. E. Grubitz is from Shang
hai and W. Melchers from Canton.
Both gentlemen say that China is
rapidly recovering from the effects of the
late war and will soon be on a sound
financial basis again. J. B. Siocum was
formerly freight clerk on the steamer
Evandale, that made a couple of trips for
the Occidental and Oriental Company.
He will take charge of the purser's de
partment on the I)oric when that fine
vessel sails next month.
The Belgic brougut a large general
cargo aud among it were 12,236 packages of
tea and 542 packages of raw silk, besides
800 rolls of matting and other goods for
Eastern points. The vessel could not
dock owing to the state of the tide, so the
merchandise was landed on tugs, but the
passengers were left to gaze longingly on
the distant shore. Trip after trip "was
made by the Millen Griffith and the Pup,
and on each occasion the passengers
thought they would be landed. The
uteamer got in at 10 :30 A. m. and it was
not until 4:30 p. m. that the Millen
Griffith had time to take the passengers
aehore.
The Belgic has almost a complete new
set of officers. Captain J. H. Kinder, who
was formerly chief officer of the Gaelic, is
m command. He is very popular and a
thorougn seaman, so smart passages may
be expected from the Belgic in future,
The other changes are Coiel Officer Arm
strong takes the place of Chief Officer Tils-
ton and Second Officer Welsh takes the
place of Mate Beckman, who was drowned
when the steamer went ashore. Dr. Dud
ley, the surgeon of the ship, recovered the
body four days after the accident and em
balmed it. When the vessel reached Yoko
hama the remains were given Christian
burial.
Tom Mr 1 Kay, the well-known passenger
agent for the Buriinatori route, was a pas
senger on the Belgic from Hongkong to
Yokohama. Since he has been in the
Orient he has gained sijty pounds in
weight and he wants all his ban Francisco
friends to be acquainted with the fact.
When in San Francisco Tom's fighting
weight; with his diamonds thrown in, was
110 pounds.
The scow schooner Nettie and the Gov
ernment steamer McDowell were in col
lision yesterday. The schooner was
loaded with wheat and was preparing to
get away from Washington-street wharf.
The breast line was let go too soon and
she swung down on the McDowell, which
was lying at Clay-street wharf, and carried
away her entire starboard railing. The
damage will amount to about $150.
Kobtsrt Emmerson, an apprentice on the
barkentine Northwest, very nearly lost his
life last "Wednesday night. The vessel
was on the Merchants' dryciock, and when
he got back from an' excursion uptown the
gates of the dock were closed. He at
tempted to get around the fencing at the
end of the wharf and fell into tne mud
and water.
He struggled vainly to free himself, and
as the tide was coming in the chances
were against him. Finally his cries for
help aroused the watch on the revenue
cutter Bear, and assistance was sent to
him. After he had been located by means
of lanterns a rope was thrown to him, and
after he had tied it around his body he
was hauled ashore, more dead than alive.
He was soon brought around, however, and
half an hour later was sound asleep in his
bunk on the Northwest.
The British ship Sierra Pedrosa, now at
Port Costa, is to load a cargo of rye for
Europe. This will be one of the first en
tire cargoes of the grain that has ever left
San Francisco. The Pedrosa brought a
cargo of cement from London here, and,
strange to say, there was not one of the
barrels damaged.
ON MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Mr. Eager Says the Men Are Well and
"Wholesomely Fed.
C. R. Eager, president of the California
Construction Company, engaged in build
ing the scenic road on Mount Tamalpais,
declares there is no truth in the report tel
egraphed from Mill Valley of a strike
among the company's operatives. Mr.
Eager says the men are paid higher wasjea
and receive better treatment than railroad
laborers generally receive.
The story that the workmen are given
poor food, badly cooked. Mr. Eager de
.nounces as a falsehood. The men receive
$1 75 a day for their labor and are charged
75 cents a day for board. The contractor
admits that the cuisine does not compare
with that of the Palace Hotel, b'tit says the
food is plentiful, wholesome and properly
prepared. The company, Mr. Eager aays,
will not employ Chinese.
WANTS UNPAID CAPITAL.
The People's Home Bank la Suing
.ij.;,-.^; Stockholders. ' '•
. The People's Home. Bank is suing. for
the unpaid . capital stock due on shares
held by five of the stockholders. There is
66% per cent due on the stock. The de
fendants are R. D. Bobbins, on 100 shares,
$6666 66%; J.\D. Spencer, 30 shares, $2000;
W. H. Logan, 10 shares, $666 H6%- James
K. "Wilson, 50 ; shares, $3333 33>4 ; P. F.
Nolan, 20 shares, $1333 33^.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIJIMARI OF THE MAKRETS.
Sivppweaker.
Wheat am! Barley softer.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay unset lied.
Bran lower.
Beans neglected. • ■
Potatoes dull. Onions lower.
Butter declined again.
Egcs and Cheese unchanged.
Vegetables about the same.
'I Drkeys firmer. Other Poultry dull.
Provisions rule firm.
All Fruits quiet.
Explanation.
The arrow Ips with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches"and hiindredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect- points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or .lotted lines, equal .temperature. The
word ••high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is ht?h in the Interior and low
kiong the cohs:, and the isobars 'xtend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low" is Inclosed with Isobars of marked curva-»
tore rain south of -Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, rind the pressure
falling to iheCalifornln coast, warmer weather nmy
bo expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.'
WEATHER JtIRKAD REPOKT.
• UxiTEn States Depahtmekt OK AOBICII.TrBK,
MiiKK 11; -i:i:.»r. Sax Fkavcisi;.». February 27,
1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:' ". C- ■■•.-
The following are tlie seasonal rainfalls to dare
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: F.nreka 26.31, last season 32.33; Red Bluff
13.91, last season -25.13; San tranciseo 12.44, last
season 21.97: Fresno 4.09, last season 11.32; San
Luis ObUpo 12.25,- last season 22.16: Los Angeles
5.91. last season 11.68; San Diego 2.B3, last season
10.17: > ami .46. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ponea from stations In California to-day:. . Eureka'
60. Fresno 12. Los Angeles 84, Red Bluff 64. Inde
pendehce — . tan ipi'ego 68, san Francisco 58, san
Luis Obispo 68, Yiima 86.
. - data — Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 68, mean 56. Rainfall during the pust
■-■i boors, .(II Of an inch.
A storm of more- than usual intensity is central
this evening in the vicinity of Vancouver Island, i
the pressure' at Tatoosh Island to-night bein™
29.22 inched, a fall of nine-tenths of. an inch In the' :
past 21 hours. . The highest pressure recorded on
• the weather map this evening is at San Francisco,
Where the barometer reads 30.20 inches. Rain is
falling from San Francisco northward• along the'
• _ coast and in the interior as far as Central Nevada
and Western Idaho. The pressure continues- to
fall in Northern California, but is falling more
rapidly In the interior than along the coast. This
will result in showery weather conditions through
- out the nonhern half of California or the region
from Santa Cruz and Stockton north. It is quite
likely that the raiiiwill cease, at least temporarily;
durinca portion of Friday.
:. • Forecast made at; .San Francisco for thirty hours
. ending midnight February 28: 1896:
Northern California—Haiti to-night and a portion
of Friday, except cloudy in the extreme southeast
'portion; somewhat.cooler Friday: brisk southerly
to westerly winds high, on the northern coast.
Southern California—Fair in the south . portion:
increasing cloudiness in. north portion; cooler at
1 m Angeles Friday; brisk westerly winds.
i;da—Showers in northern portion: cloudy in
southern portion Friday; cooler Friday night.
■ Showers; warmer Friday.
■ Arizona—Probably fair; somewhat cooler in the
extreme west portion Friday. ...
San Francisco arid vicinity— Rain to-night and a
portion of Friday; brisk to high westerly «vinds.
\V. H. Uammos, Forecast, Official.
•';: SEW YOJIK BIAKKKTS. . .
Bg^flp -.Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 27.-The sensation on
the Stock Exchange to-day was the break In Balti
more and Ohio of 6 percent to'-'6. Ihe break In
t.be stock was cue-' to rumors that the company
will default on its March interest, that a receiver
ship is imminent and that a new bond issue is
likely at any time. Late in the day bankers who
have lately taken an interest In the property em
. phatically denied the unfavorable reports referred
to above, and President i owen stated that, accord
ing to tbe expert's; examination, which has been,
completed, the condition of the company is as rep
resented to the board of directors on February 1.
Hi- also said that the plan for the rehabilitation
of the property has progressed so far as to meet,
with the approval of the directors, and will be
ready for announcement in a short time. Leather
preferred was decidedly weaker and dropped 4 per
.cent to 61%. The passing of the dividend had an
adverse [fluence. Tobacco, after breaking to
771-2. suddenly jumped to 791 *. and closed at
78 4. sugar was sold down from llßyg to iii;i 4
ami rallied to Ilßi/g. Ihe break in Baltimore and
Ohio weakened the general railway list for a time,
but in the lute trading the aold-out bulls and bears
made efforts to recover their stock.
Prices improved, but near the close, when
Leather preferred dropped to its lowest point, the
.market weakened and left off about steady
In tone. Net changes show gains of J/i®l3/g per
•e*nt. Leather preferred lost 4 and Baltimore and
Ohio 434 per cent. Total salts were 212,950
shares. Bonds were lower. The transactions
"tooted up only $1,216,000. Oregon Short Line
consolidated fives cerliticates dropped 1' to 48;
Oregon -Navagatlou consolidated lives certificates,
Ito 96: Pittsburg and Western fours, 11/2 to 73y 2;
"Wabash seconds. I\4 to 76. Pittsburg. ShenHiit'O
and Lake Erie lives rose 6to 91 and. Baltimore
and Ohio fives sold at 93, sellers, and were later
offered at 8914.
to Government bonds $58,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 117i 2 iT:f it
Orain.
FLOUR—DuII, steady. Winter wheat, low
prudes. " >•_- 50(33; winter wheat, fair to fancy,
$-' 85@3 90: winter wheat patents, 9t)(a,l lo-
Minnesota clear, *'_'70(a,H 30 : Minnesota straits!
J3&.J39: Minnesota patents, $3 35(5,4 30; low
grades, $2 50&3: city mills, ' $4 15fe4 25- city
mills patents, *4 20@4 46; rye mixture, if 2 50(i
4 50; superfine, $2 10@2 70; fine. -$2 00@2 25.
Southern dour—Dull, Ready. Common to fair,
extra, 40^.3; sood 10 choice, $3@3 30. Kye
flour— .More active, steady, $2 85. Buckwheat
flour—sl ioro.l 25.
B LCK H~K AT—4O@4lC.
COUNMEAL—Quiet: yellow Western, $2 'Jo@
92 25: Brandy wine. $2 20.
1-V E— Nominal.
BAKLF.Y--Nomin.il.
• BARLEY MALT—Firm; Western, 55@5Sc.
WHEAT — Dull, firmer. No. 2 r»»a. store and
elevator. M: .h ; afloat, 83c; i. o. b., H2Vfetaß3Vsc:
ungraded red, 70@.85c; No. 1 Northern, 77c.
Options were luirly active and closed firm at */ 8
©-tic advance on tirroer cables, better West and
local covering. May and July most active. No. 2
red, February, 73Vicj March, 75% c; April, 7534 c;
May. 73yc; June, 7314 c: July, Tile.
LUKN-Dull, scarce, firmer. No. 2, 37iAc ele
vator: 3«Vic aHoat.
Options were dull and weak at y 8 c decline, fol
lowing the West and on - local realizing; May
and July only .r.uled in. February, S7c; May,
Sb%c; July.'3'V^c. • •
OATS—Active, tlrm. '
Options anil, steady. February, 36V4c: March,
253 /4 c; May,- 36c Spot prices: No. 2, 261/4 C;
.no. •_' white. 273/3 : No. a Chicago. 271/4 C: iso
S. 25V4@25%c:/ So. 3 white, 26i. ? c: mixe,d
Western, 2bV 2 (gi27i/ s c; u'hite do and white State
27(<i29c. .
FKED— Bran, unchanged.
Provisions. ,
BEEF— Quiet:, unchanged. Beef hams dull
$14 30(Ti15; tierce beef, quiet, steady; city extra
India mers.*sl&@l6 50: cut meats, dull; pickled
tollies 12 pounds sc; do, **"««•♦*•**»: do
hams. 8%@8»/4C. •-. • '* ■'
LARD— Quiet; Western steam. *."> GO; city. $4 95
05; May, $5 75. Refined, dull; continent, 95 90;
bouth American, $6 10; compound, *4 62%@
4 H7V2- •
POKK-'Quiet: steady: mess, *10 25@10 75.
BUTTER — Fair demand; choice nrm. state
dairy, 9@2oc: do creamery, held, 13@18%c: West
ern creamery, 14(<£22c: do held, 13(g,l»c; do
factory, 8 1 &il2i/.c; Klgins. 22c; imitation cream
ery. ll@l&y 3 c; rolls. B@l2c '.
< MKKsK -Fancy, firm; fair jobbing demand:
unchanged. \ . . ■
EGGS— Weak: St»te and . Pennsylvania, 12@
12i/ 2 c; Southern, 10-^taillc: icehouse. case, $1 75©
2 S5: Western, fresh, 11V4@1 duck, 25@30c.
TALLOW— steady ; city, 3 11-166; country,
3 3 /i©3 T /aC. ',; • ' ' r .■-.■ , •
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet; stendv: crude. 21c;
prime yellow. 23@25y 2 c; do off grade. 26c.
. ROSlN— Fairly active; firm; strained common
to good, $1 62%@1 6-1/3.
' TURPKNTINK-Easv; 29@29i/ 2 .
POTATOES— Plentiful: sweet's, S2@4 75.
RlCE— Firm: fairly active; domestic, fair to
extra. Sasa&c; .Tauan, 3»4@-lc.
' MOLASSES— Moderate demand; New Orleans
open kef le, good to choice. 27@37c '
COFFEE— lsnrely steady: 10@20 points up.
March. $I'_' 45@12 60: May, 911 85@1205: June.
911 HO; July. .-511 40@ll 65; February. $10 Hs(g)
10 90. Spot itlosU'i.d.v: more active; No. 7, 131,4 c.
SUGAR— liaw, linn; more active; fair refining,
33.ic; centrifugals, 96 test. 4V B e. Refined. firm:
quiet: No. 6. 4S/ S c: No. 7.4 516 c; No. 8. 4%c: No.
9, 4 3-16: No. 10. 4V 8 c: No. 11, 4 11-16 C: No. 18,
4c: No. 13.3 15-ltSc: off A, 4 7-16<£4 11-16 c: mold
A. 514 c; standard A. sc: confectioners' A, 4%c;
cut loaf and crushed, sVs c : powdered and Cubes,'
sVic; granulated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, 0%
@12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 14®lBc- unpee]ed,4@By 2 c.
NKH— Four sizes, S^SV"C
RAISINS— 3-crown. 3i/,/diX%c: do 4-crown. 4*4
(35c: do London layers, SJig.9&c: do clusters, $1 26
t&l 45.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7y 2 @Bc; do paper-shell,
ll(a-li:c.
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, 8%@10c; standard, 6% i
@7c.
HOPS— Easy: quiet: State, common to choice,
2y.»@Bc: pacific Coast. 2i/>@Bc: London market
steady: Pad lie, 30@405.
OOL — Quiet: domestic fleece, 22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, 9@13.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, $11 75@13 60.
COPPER-Strong; Lake. $ll<ail 15.
LEAD— Steady; Domestic, $3 20@3 25.
TlN— Firmer: straits, sl3 45; plates, quiet.
BFELTER-Flrm: Domestic, S4@4 10.
. ' "CHICAGO MARKETS.
' CHICAGO, 111., Feb. |27. — The Cincinnati
Price Current was out with an estimate on the
farm reserve of wheat, estimating it at 20,000,000
bushels less than on March 1,1895. This makes
the third estimate this week, each of which re
ceived due attention and consideration. In recog
nition of this morning's figures prices advanced a
little; but failed to maintain the advantage guine 1.
The weather bureau's prediction of a decided drop
In the temperature occasioned 11 slight spurt, of
Strength when -made public. The business was
largely local with some fair-sized transactions.
Liverpool cables were quiet and steady.
Receipts in the Northwest were lar^e at 465 cars
against 334 last Thursday, and. 329 a year aeo.
Cnloago had 59 cars, and Inspected out 117,000
•bushels. Closing continental cables were " gener
ally !ower. Export clearances were moderate at
275.754 bushels. Shortly after noon the feeling
became weaker, and prices dropped on freer offer
ings, but before the close 11 complete rally occurred,
"shorts" recovering with some briskness. May
wheat opened from 67c to 671/sC, sold between
66V«cand 671,4 c. closing at 67i/ c, W&ViiC higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts ior to-morrow
60 cars. ■ ■
CORN— Displayed no Independence, relying en
tirely on wheat for motive una inspiration. Re
ceipts 370 cars, were 20' more than expected, and
.121,650 bushels were taken from store. Liverpool
cables were quiet and unchanged. Trade did not
deviate from its usual monotonous' course and a
•dull session was noted. Export clearances were
336.688 bushels. The final rally in wheat was not
participated in by corn. May corn opened at 30*4
(aiW v ß c, declined to 30V 2 c, closing at 30. r .. {0:30 ; V .
unchanged from yesterday, estimated receipts
for to-morrow 340 cars.
OATS — Were quiet and comparatively steady.
The fluctuations were purely sympathetic and wern
guided by the action of wheat and corn. Receipts
were 291 cars. There were no withdrawals from
store. May closed a shade under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 250 curs.
FLAX-^Was easy: cash, 90c; May. 90% c. Re
ceipts were 20 curs.
PROVISIONS— As a steady tone was reported at
the yards product was not inJluenc<-d either for
good or bad, And the general sentiment was 111
favor of inaction. Before the. close there was an
influx of selling orders ana prices declined on the
pressure. . May- pork closed 15c, lower. May lard 5
@7%c lower and May ribs 2%@5c lower.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT— February, 664"s9 c;' 9 c; May, 67i/ 8 c; July,
673 8
CORN— February, 28 B @29c; May, 305 B <S3o:<ic:
July, 31%@315/ 8 c
OATS— February. 20c; ' May, 21Vic; July,
2.1 1 4 c . '
PORK— May, $9 70: July. $9 85. ';
LARD— 'May. 85 42%: July, $5 57%.
Kißa— $5 10; July. *5 17%.
■' Livestock. ,
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Feb. 27.-Choice
beeves were scarce to-day and the market for
them was firm, but the general run of cattle was
only steady. Local packers and Eastern shippers
were good buyers of hogs, and prices ruled firmer
and in. some instances an advance of 6c was re
ported. The receipts of sheep were light, and the
i.-. ling was steady for that reason.
. CATTLE— Receipts. 11.500. Fancy beeves, $4 35
(5,4 50: choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
.f4i})4 HO: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. $3 75®3 95; medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds. $» 60(g,3 70: common steers, 950 to 1200
pounds. $3 30@3 45; feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds,
*3 35@3H5: stocters. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 76
@3 35: cows and neifers, extra, $3 50<g3 80: cows,
popr to good caiiners, $1 50@2 45; calves, com
mon to good, $2 76@5: Texas fed steers, $3 10@
$3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 26.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 80 (a, 4: common to choice
mixed. $:<Bo®4 05: choice assorted. $4@4 05;
lls?ht. $3 75©4 06: Digs. $3 10@4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. ■ Inferior to choice,
$2 50(gi3 65; lambs, $3 60@4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3©i%: last
loan at 3%, and closing offered at 3.¥- Prime mer
cantile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 68 Vic. Mexican dol
lars. 54%@55%c Sterling exchange Is firm, with'
Bct'ial tjiwness in banicers' bills at. 9* 2 (g>4 86%
for sixty flays and $4 87 1 2 88 for demand.
Posted rate*, $4 87@4 88%. Commercial bills,
(4 85-"- 4 rd.4 BGV4. Government bonds steady; Slate
bonds' dull; railroad bonds lower. Silver at the
board was quiet.
itOflNß STOCKS.
m Tel A Cable.... 91 [Norfolk * Wes:... • 25/ 8
Atchlson.. 17 I Preferred. 8
Preferred 2 6% North American... 5s/ 8
Adams Kxpress...l4B Northern Puciilc. 43/ 8
Alton.Terre Haute. 58 , Preferred 16
American Express.HU 'Norm western. .....l°4%
American Tobacco. 78% Preferred I<s
Preferred 101% N. V. Central »8
BayKateGaa 18 N. Y. Chlcago<feS.t, 13'
Baltimore & Ohio.. 27 ! 2 Ist preferred tt ~%
Brunswick Lands.. % id preferred '-9
Buffalo. Roch &f. 13 N. Y.& N. H 184
Canada Pacific 6t5y 2 N. Y. <fc New Eng. 44
Canada Southern.. Ml N. Y. snsq <t W... 10
Canton Land &0"« Preferred 28
Central Pacific. ... 15V* Ontario 12%
Che«. A Ohio 173/ Ontario <£ Western. 16V4
Chicago Alton 165 Oregon Improvmu '&
Preierrea 170 ! Preferred. — —
; Chicago, H. & Q. ... "01/8 Oregon Navigation. 1 1 %
, Chicago <!t K. 111... 43 lOrecon Short Lin*. 7
Preferred 98 ; Pacific Mall 29%
Chlc&icouaa...- ti*s-ij Jeoria, D.A Evans. 3y a
Cleve<fc Pittsburg.lbO [Pittsburgh W pfd. -*v
Consolidation Coal. 3d Pullman Palace.. .lsß
Consolidated Gas.. .Quicksilver....:.... 1" 8
C. C. C. <fc St. Louts. K8 I Preferred. 15
Preferred 89 Vs: Reading 13%
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 32% KloGrande4We«n 17%
• Preferred......... 88 : "Preferred 451/4
Cotton Oil Cert 17 Bock island " <6 ,a
Commercial Cable. 155 SomeW»t,dtOKdenllsi, 2
I Del. Hudson ...127Vl St. L. &S. W .'> '
Uel.Lack<fc\V'esternlHlV2 Preferred.... I^l4
Denver<EP-U>.... 135.»jst.Paul 775 /s
Preferrea. ->9%i Preferred... 129% I
Distillers _ IBV3 St. Paul A. Duluth. 27i/ a
General Electric... 3<!."V 8 Preferred 89
trie 1. 1«i 4 St. Paul <t Omaha. 41%
Preferred........ SJS% Preferred 123
Fort Wayne 102 St. P. & to. 10<
GreatNorthernDfa.llo Sliver Certtncat-s. 683/ 8
Green Bay ' % Southern Pacific. 191/2
Harlem... 29 iSoutnern it. K. 10
HocklneCoal 3 | Preferred. S^Vi
Hocking Valley... I*' l 4 buear Refinery.... llia/i
Homestalte 30 | Preferred. 10.:
H. <t Texas Ceuu. 1% Term. Coal & iron. 323/
Illinois Central.... 97%, Preferred .....100
lowaCentraU 9% Texas Pacific 85/ 8
Preferred.. 3«%;ToI.A.A.& N.Mich.
Kansas & Texas... 18 i - iol. & Ohio Cen.... >0
Preferred Eo*4 Preferred 65
Kingston A, Pern... 3 ilol.St.Louls<&K.C. 3
Lake Erie & Westn 2H/ 4 I Preferred 10
Preferred 7:i:t /4 Union Pacific...... 7%
Lace Shore 14^1 4 L. P.. Den. <3S Quit 4%
National Lead 28' C .S. Cordage .5%
. Preferred J._Bti%! Preferred 11
Long Island .... 81%! Guaranteed.....^ 22"
Louisville & Nasti. .*:3y 8 V. S. Er.oresa 44
Louisville Na<t Co. 9v a L" . S. Leather 9%
Preferred - .3 ' Preferred 61%
Manhattan Consot.H'-->7/ 8 U. S. Rubber . 2«
JUempnis A Cnarls. 15' .., - Preferred S5
Mexican Central... 1- I'tica AB. River. .l6l
Michigan Central.. 86 ! VVnb. 8. L. A. Pac.. 7V 4
Minn .v- >. 1... ...... Preferred 183^
I'referred.. IWtlls-Fanir0.. ...... «8-
M inn. A- St. L com. 21 [Western Union.... 81%
Ist preferred 81 'Wls Centra. .... -3%
Yd preferred. ..... 52 heeling <fc L. 8.. HVa
Missouri Pacific.:.. 23 ,4 Preferred.. -37%
.Mobile <& 0hi0..... 24 '■ Am Cotton Oil Df(L 82
Nashville Chatt.... 70 W C Bee* 914
National Linseed.. 16 i. 1 Traction- — -
K. J. Central ...:.. 107% Ann Arb0r....:..:. 11V*
«1 ■ a« inxm.
L'S4s.re«: 1091/2 M X T2ds 62
Do, 4s coupon. ..110 Do, .. .. 867/ a
C S 4s new reg.....117y 2 Mutual Union 65... 115
. Do, 4s c0up0n. .. 1171/3 J Cent Gen 65.. ;ll»%
Do. V* ;.... 95 1 Northern Pac lsts. 117»/.
Do, .1131.4 -Do. 2d5...........11l *
Do. 6s couoon....ll:<i/4 Do, 80s. ....„■.:.. 7?V a
Cherokpe4s. 1896. 100 Nortn west Consols. 139%
Do. 1897.......... 100 Do, deb 8a»...... 110
D 0.1898... 100 OR&N 15u.... 11l
Do. 1 899 lUO SiL.tlronMtGcnss 8U
Pacific 6s of '95.... St L <fc FG«n 6*. 1071 A
D. C. 3-6 6s 110 . ft Paul Consols . .139
Ala Class A4..;...;108 - St. P. C. Pa lsts. 118
Do. Class B 4. 6s. 108 Do. Pac Cal ists.. 1 10
LaConsol4s. .' 99 Southern R. R. ss. 92%
Missouri funding. .— Texas Pacific firsts . 88%
' X Carolina con 89- 12- Texas Pac seconds. -J3ii
Do, *«............ 1037/ TnionPae lstof
Ro Carolina 4%5...10fj6/ 8 West Shore 45..... 10(51/1
lennnewas Btf ; Mobile <fc Ohio 4«.. 681/2
V « funding debt... «iy 2 X GranaeWett Ist* 763^
fo, reg. .......... ChesdtOSs...:. ..108
iJo. deferred 6g... 61/2'AtchlßOn 45........ ',9
Do. trust ropts st 61/4' ~Do."2ds ._..... 27V*
Canada South 2ds.. 106% O H A 8 A 65. ..... ! 105
Cen Pac Ist* of -95 101 Do. 2d 7s. ..:... 101%
Den AR G Ist.;.. 113 H & Tex Cent 6«.. 110
' .■*5 O> «2"V-V" v V-" 89 Do. con 65........ 105
1Erte^d5.... ........ 74. Reading 45......... 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 76% Missouri 6. ....... 100
kg *» ltt« Deo dlv!o9 ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
I OKEIGN MABKETi. '
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL. •
. LIVERPOOL, Eno., Feb. 27.— he spot market
Is quiet at 5s B%d@ss 9%d. Cargoes are weak, at
28s arrived. v>-- •
rtrruKKs. . ; ..•'.• - : '
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 5s 7i/ 2 il; March, 6s 7%d; April, 6s 734 d;
May, 5s BVia; June, 5s BVia. .
SKCURITIKS.
LONDON, Eno.. Feb. 27.— Consols. 108y 8 : sil
ver, 318/ 8 d; French Rentes, 102f 62y 3 c.
EXCHANGE AND .BULLION.'
Sterling ExchangQ, 60 day 5.:......- — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, 5ight....... .... — 488
Sterling Cables..... ................ — ' ' 4 88i/ 4
New York Exchange, 5ight......:.. — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — • -.: Par
Fine Silver, ounce — -68%
Mexican Dollars 65V4 6 8
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments to the East from Northern
aud Central California via Southern Pacific lines in
January were 31,318 tons, as follows: From San
Francisco, 17,812 tons; Oakland, 1896; San Jose,
2043; Stockton, 3063; Sacramento and East,
5276: Marysviue, 1228.
The leading Items were: 1416 tons Beans, 689 do
Borax, ii 8.500 sals Brandy, 2,6155,500 do Wine,
389:- - tons Canned Goods, 26 do Citrus Fruit. 121 7
do Dried Fruit, 2 do Nuts. 1967 do Raisins, 161 do ]
Hides, 301 do Leather, 31 do H0ney. .251 do Hops,
4-49 do Powder, 26 do Potatoes, 36 do Vegetables,
9 do Quicksilver, 6t>l do Wool, 27 do Coffee. 97 do
Rice, 447 do Tea, 3747 do Sugar, 607 do Canned Sal
mon and 93 do Pickled Salmon. ■  ■ ;
GROCERY IMPORTS. ,
Imports of Groceries at this port In January were
as follows, compared with January, 1895: Coffee,
1,391,000 lbs, against 1,780.000; Sugar. 17,386,
--360 lbs, against 16,204,000: Tea, 202,400 lbs,
against 113,800; Rice, 4,203,560 lbs, against
7,730,600.
PKODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKK GRAINS.
WHF.AT— Was weaker again, both on and off
call, and trade was dull. No. 1, $1 12Vg; choice,
SI 13- ! 4 ; lower gt-ades, $1 05©l 10; extra choice
for milling, $1 liO@l 27% Tfr ctl.
CALL RIIAKII HALES. .
Informal Skssio.v— lo o'clock— No nates.
Eeouub JViorning BKSBION— May— IOO tons,
SI 14. . ; 100,$ l 141/ a; W)0, $1 I 414; 200, $1 14.
December — 100. $1 UK; 600, $1 14V 2 ; 600,
$1 14i' 4 : 300, $1 141/8- .-.:..-
AFTERNOON SESSION— No sales.
BARLKY— Futures were lower. Spot prices were
as before. Feed, 67%@170c^S ctl; choice, 71%@
72y 3 c: Brewing, 75(g*82%c.
CAM. BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— May— 4oo tons.
743i,c; 100, 745/ c: 100. 741/2 C; 100, 74i/ 4 c; 300,
74V 8 c: 200, 74c; 200, 73 % C
Regular jniornino Kkssion— May— loo tons,
731/2 C; 300, 731
Aftkrnoon eiKSßjoN— May— 3oo tons,-72%c;
200, 73 c; 100. 73 Vie. . _'
OATS— Dealers cannot sell, even at the reduced
prices. Milling. 76@80c; fancy Feed, 77i/,@Boc ~$
ctl: good to choice, 70(<£75c; common to fair, bO
«i!6sc; Gray, 67Va@75c-.-Red, for seed, 85c@$l 05;
Black. 65c@$l lv; Surprise, 90@95c. '
CORN— is unsalable. Large Yellow, 87i/.(g)9Oe
t 1 ctl; small Round do, 95@»7V 2 c: White, «0@
82% c. . ■ . . ,
EYE— Very dull at 80@82y c H ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 81<g>l 25 "$ ctl.
FLOUK AN l> MILLBTUFF3.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
?3 90&4 9 bb: Bakers 1 extras, $3 80@3 90; su
per«ne, $2 75@2 86 ~? bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.—F eed Corn, ?20 60@21;
Cractced rom, *2i@2i 60 pi ton.
MIULSTUFPB— Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Gra.ham Flour,
23ic: Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7i /2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3i- 2 c; 1 'at meal,
3%"c: Oat Groats. 4 1 , a c: Hominy, 4(5.4V 4 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 2 c: Farina.
2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4i /a c;
Pearl Barley, /2 c; Split Peas, £*4c; Ureea'do,
61/4 C%i lb. •• ■ . 1
HAY AND FKEDSTI'FFS.
BRAN— Lower at $12@12 50 i* ton, Jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— *I6@I7 for lower grades and 18
(<£l» V ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Uolled Barley, $16@17 9 ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 921 ton; jobbing,
S2l 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY — Is unsettled, and .dependent on the
weather. Wheat Is quotable at $B@l2 'Q ton;
Oat. $B@9 '■? ton; Wheat and Oat, $8<g)ll ton;
Barley, $7©9; Alfalfa, f7®9; Clover. «6@B 60;
Compressed,- $7(.*10 50; Stock, $6@7 «». ton.
STRAW— 3s(giaoc V bale.
BEANS AN I) SEED "
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at $I@l 10 <p
ctl: small Whites,. $1 25@i 60 Tfr ctl.; Pea, $1 40
(ail 60 %4 ctl: Large Whites, $1 10@l 20; Pink,
»oc@sl 10: Reds, $1 30@l 60: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, $1 !>o@l 65; Llmas, ft 26@2 65;
Butters. $1 50@l 65 V. ctl. - .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95@2 05: Trieste,
$2@2 UO 61 cil; Yellow Mustard, $1 4O@l 60;
Flax. ?1 70@l 75; Canary, 3Vi@3%c 9 Ib: Alfal
fa. s(gi7c 't Ib: Rape. 134@2c «t 1b; llemp, 4c f* lb.
DKIKD PEAS-$1 25;g)l 40 f% ctl for Nlles and
$1 25@1 45 for Gree.n.
POTATOES, * ONIONS, VEGETABLES*
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 4c * It). Stockton
Sweets are quotable at fl 50@l 75 ctl; Mer
ced Sweets, $1 76(92 25 i? ctl: Salinas Burbanks,
6O@S(KS f* ctl: lllver Burbanks, 30®35c l«sack:
Oregon liurbanks, 40@60c; Oreeon Garnet CbKos,
60@70c; Kiver Reds, 00@60c.i» ctl: Early Rose,
40(550c: Petalumas and Tomules, 36@40c. :
ONIONS— Have again declined. Good to choice,
50(§,75c ~$ cil; Cut Onions, 25(a,40c; Oregon. 75<a
90c * ctl. ** ". "»]
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were2sl boxes Aspar
agus and 303 boxes Rhubarb and 59 sacks Peas.
Beyond a decline In Rhubarb prices showed lit
tle change. Kgg Plant, 10(gtJ6c%4 ft. ■ '
Mexican, Tomatoes are quotable at fl .">o<£il 75
¥- box: Cucumbers, 75c@$l 50 %* Aoz: Asparagus, ;
4^;7c ft Ib for ordinary and B@lOc.for choice:
Rhubarb, 75cri£$l 25 ft bz; Mushrooms. 12%@20c
V lt>; Dried Peppers, B@loc V Ib; Green Peppers.
15c $ lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 76c@$l 25 V, bx;
Green Peas. 3@4c V lti for Los Angeles and 6@Bc
for Bay; string Beans. 8(<*10c ft tb; Dried <>kra,
12% c; Cabbage, 40(a50c ijt ctl; Garlic, 4;a.5c %4 Ib;
Marrowfat Squash, $30 %> ton.
HITTER, CHEESE AND EGGS
BUTTER— Some dealers are demoralized and are
sacrificing right. and left to sell. A few dealers
quote even over our quotations.
Creamery— Fancy, '23@26c; special brands go
higher: seconds, 22@22%c * lb.
Hairy- Fancy. 22038 c'f Ib; good to choice, 209
21c; lower grades, 19c.
Eastern— Ladle-packed, 14(31 8c ?! lb. iV '
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 12@13c '{t Ib; com
mon to good, 10@llc Ib: Cream Cheddar, ljj®
13c f> lb; Young America, 12». 13-; Western, l2V a
(91 3 c; Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— There was no further decline. The mar
ket is heavily supplied. Store Eggs, 1011 c; ranch
Eggs, 12@13c %i dozen.
I'OILTKY AND GABIK.
POULTRY— is still more or less Eastern
on the market and it keeps domestic stock de
pressed. Turkeys alone are firm.
. Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers and 11@12%c
V lb for Hens;- Dressed Turkeys, llftSlSc; Geese $>.
pair. *1 50®^: Ducks. $4 50@>B for old and $6
(a.7 for yonns; Hens, if 3 50 ad 60 ft doz: Roosters,
young, 98rd17: do, old, $3 50@4: Fryers, $& 50
@6: Broilers. $4 50@5 for lurge and f 3 60@4 for
small; Pigeons, $2 "Js@2 60 ft doz for young and
$1 75®2 for old.
GAME— Gray ,Geese. $1 50; White Geese. 50c;
Hrant, 75c@.?1: Honkers.' • ; Hare, 60®75c <
Rabbits, i?l@l 26 for Cottontails and 76c *» doz for
small. • . . . •
deciiu'ous and UITKCS FKUIT.S.
APPLES— BSc@SI ft box for good to choice, 60
@75c for common to fair ana 51 25@1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS- No further change. Oranges,
60c@$l -£ box for Seedlings and $1 50@'J 50 for
Navels: frozen stock goes down to nothing;. Lem
ons, $l(ail 50 for common and $2<stj 75 'for good
to choice: Mexican Limes. 85(*;> 50 V box ; Ba
nanas, $1 25@2 60 jt bunch; Pineapples, if ■•_' a,:,
ft dozen, . ■
DKIED FRUITS, KAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: .'.'.-
Carload Lots— Apples, 2V2@3c %i It. for quar
tered, 3@3y c %> Ib for sliced and 414 c %i. Ib for
evaporated: Peaches. 3%@4c %4 ft and 2 @6c
lor fancy; peeled In boxes. 12c; Apricots 7V«®
B^oc for prime to choice. 9%c for fancy and 10(5
lie •*» for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black • 2y*c
for impressed: White Figs, 4@sc In sacks; Pears,
7c it Ib for evaporated halves. 4(a)6Vac % ib for
quarters; Prunes. 38^@4c: Pjums, 4c f, ft for pit
ted and 1%@2y 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@«c
ft ft for prime to choice and 6%c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Apples. 4@4 Vic: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in boxes, lo@l2V a c-
Prunes, Ac for the four sizes, 6c "$ Ib for 40@S0's
and 5c for 60@60's; Apricots. 6@9y c for prime to
choice and lu@)llc tor fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, 2i4@23 / 4c: White Figs, 3@6c : Pears. 6%c
for evaporated halves and 3@sy»c for quarters;
Plums, 3%@4c tor pitted and l@li/«c for un
pitted; Nectarines. 4@sc %> Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, 85@90c %* box; four-crown, loose, 3S/ c
ft Ib; threez-crowD, loose, 2Vi'c * Ib; two-crown
'^c: seedless Sultanas,' 334@4c; seedless Muscatels,
2V 2 @2*. 4 c: three-crown I.ondon layers. 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clusters, 92 10@2 25-
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76; Dried Grapes, 2%0
f> ft.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown: loose, 3c; S
crown, 2i.4@2%c: 2-crown, l» / 4@2c; Seedless Sul
tanns. 3«/ 4 (a!4c: Seedless Muscaiels, 2%c; 3-crown
"London layers. 86c@$l; - clusters, $1 40@l 60;
Dchesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial .clusters, 92-T&'
Dried Grapes. 2y,c.^ - > '
-_N UTS— CitestnuM. 6@Bc » ' Ib: Walnuts. 7@Sc
«*_ ft for No. 1 hard and d(g:9V2 for softshell, fob
bins lots; Almonds, - 6@7y ? c for Languedoc an.l
B%@loc lor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, s<a6c
for Eastern and 3y a @4%c for California: Hickory
Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil JS'uts, 7y a @Bc 'A ft-
Cocoanuts. *4 60@5 fi 100. . v
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c Ib
for bright and B@9c 9 lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5@5y 2 c V lb; light amber ex-
t c i e A 41 /4@4<c; dark amber, 4c: dark. 2®3c. '.i
BEi.S\VAX-^4@ii7c 'f, Ib. . . . V
. VISIONS. V
CURED i MEATS — The market rules firm.
Bacon is quotable at «V c %< "> for heavy, 7yjc
1* Ib for light medium, «y 2 e *Ib for light. 10y a c
for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured ; Eastern
?nw ' curea Haras. 111/.® California Ha"m»,
10M».'<ille; .Mess Beef *8 %* bbl: extra mess uo,
88 60; family do «0: extra prime Pork, sfitf bbl;
extra ciear. *ih » bbl; mess. $14 ; %* bbl: Smoked
B<?ef, lO@lo%c-%». Ib ■ ' ' * ' :
Eastern, tierces! Ms quotable at 6%c .^
Ib for compound and 8c for pure; palls, B%c; call;
* or , nia tierces, 6c for compound and 6M;C for pure;
half-bbls, 03,ic- 10- lb tins, 7%c: do Bib, 7%c ; fl Ib.
COTTOLIiNii-TiAc la tierces aud be V iB in 10
--lb tins. l *
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- Heavy salted steers, 7c
"$ Ib: culls and brands. 6c 1* lb; medium, 6c: culls
and brands. Be; light, 6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cow
hides,6@sy,c: culls and brands, 4@4y 2 c; salted
Kid. 5c % Ib; salted Calf, Be "# Ib; salted Veal.
6c: cry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7@7y 2 c;
dry Kin and Veal, »c; culls. 6%@7c; dry Calf,
16c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20035 c each: Kids, Be;
Deerskins, good summer, 25®30c: medium 16(9
25c: winter, 10o; Sheepskins, shearlings, ■ 10@
15/.00/.V,. = hort wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
@50c each ; long wool, 65c eacn. Culls of all kinds
about l"»c less. r •
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3%@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. s i. @s3ic; Grease, 2%0 T* Ib.
WOOL — iv e quote Fall as follows: eastern Ore
gon. 9@llc -& ib; San Joaqulnand southern. 3@6c;
Nevada, 9c 'f, ib. • .;.,,.' .':^ . .
I HOPS— Nominal quotations of 2%®5c represent
the market. .'
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
< BAGS—Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
?4 12%@4 25; San Quentin, $4, 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 Tfr ton;
New Wellington, $8; Southfield Wellington, f7 60
«* iva; Seattle, ?5@5 50: Bryant, «5 50: Coos Bay
$i 50; Wallsend. $6 60: Scotch, $7 50: jßrvmbo,
$7 60: Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, - — : c'annel. Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 BO in
bulk and $12 60 •*» ton in sacks. ■ • '. .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 6c; Dry Granulated, 6s/ 8 c;
Confectioners' ■ A, 51/4 C: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C. 4%c; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels, 140 more
than barrels, and boxes V>c more. .
SYRUP— Golden, in bbis, 16c; Black Strap, 100
*gal. '. - -
BAN FRANCISCI) MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from j slaugh
terers areas follows: .'■ . ■
BEKF— First quality, 5%c; second quality,
4Va@sc; third do. 3%ftp4c ~$ lb.
VKAL— Large, s(g>bc; small, ti®7c 1» Ib. . V:V, ■.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6^6y 3 c; Ewes, 6c ¥» lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7@Bc fi Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 41/ic for large and 4i / 4@48/ 8
for small: dressed do, s^«'ic r 1 Ib.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUOB.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flonr. ar. sks 14.360' Pelts. Ddls..- : 180
Wheat, ctls ...' 3,980 Wine, gals. 128,480
Barley, ctls 4,HB6'P.utter. ctls ; 444
Oats, ctls CO Cheese, ct15......... 155
Beans, ska. 6"o.Kggs. doz 12,030
Potatoes, sks. 2,oß7'Quicksilrer, flask* • - t;5
Onions, sks 458 I.ime, bbls '. 81.
Corn. Ncbr.ska, ctls bOO.Lumber. M feel... 20
Br«>n, dies.. ;... 1.970 Leather, rolls. 86
Middlings, 5ka..... 1,058 Paper, reams 1,266
Hay. tons. 4:45 Wool, bis : 1
Hides, no 41.Mlaisins.bxs 800
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W McGrath,Wntsonville J E Woolley, California
Mrs McOrath. Waisonvl C P Bragg, Calilornia
W D Rose, Petaluma G Miner, California
W Waters, Watsonvllle E P M-CGrew, California
R Brown. Petaluma \V X Dargie, Oakland
J 11 Smith 4: wf, Colfax Miss A Moore, Han Jose
Miss N Whitney. 8 Jose l!< v I' N (-r^eSey, S Jose
Miss Hayes. Portland <; Cox, Montana
3 A McKenzie.Cal Mrs Hayes, Portland
S F Loujihborough, N V Miss X* Hayes, Portland
! <i S McKenzie, .\itpa J M Harris, Boston
X W Brunion. l'owles T H Aker <t fam, Boston
W F Cowan, Santa Kosa Mis Cowan, SantS. P.osa
X la Protte & w. tiaklnd M I' l.ucy, San Jose
i ; H Maxwell. Cnl J R LucOi, Los tiatos
J J lirant, Michigan .1 Ii Topley, Vallejo
J Huldali, Michlvran J X Hubert^, San J036
E R smith. New York N Wines, Santa Burbara
R F Burton, Aptos J Whieher, San Ii Obispo
(; A Wiley, Duvisvllle L Fraukenheimer. Stktn
Mrs Wiley, Davisviile L N Grant, Salinas
T Scott, Sacramento T B Mutchlns. Marysvile
S H Kradley, Marysville F .J Yost, Stockton
1) a Matthews, St I'am J Ladd, Stockton
iV Bruce, Chicago v 0 I'erkins, Arizona
C t" Bruner, Coulterville Mrs E W Pratt, Ls Angis
RUSS HOUSE.
J Williams, Nevada Mrs Mason, Delano
Miss L Mason, Delano H Hearst, Los Angeles
P P White, Oakland F Harrington, Humboldt
A Baschcrock, P (irove W W Cox. (iraham
Mrs J I) Cox. l< ray son A H Jloag, Santu Rosa
D A iJcKay, Nova scotia Miss J McDonald, N S
C Hallen Aw, Sun Jose P Crumbuugh. Red Bluff
B F JiOwerv, Healdsi.urg J >l Allen, san Jose
Rev I F Allen, Minn 8 Hartshorn & w, N V
J S Searl, Dak O Hosier, Dak
C A Sherry, Westley H Hahn, N V
Mrs X Mare. NY H L Moody, Truckee
J M Pearson, La J X Slump, La
s.M Trow bridgo, s Haven R (' Sargent, Stockton
W 11 Karris, ffaden LUobbi, Mudera
W T Mears.Uun. iui Mills Q L Dickit.son, Pa
O h,rmlt'er, Rediling DrC LAndfnon.Sta Cruz
W X Powell, Hea'dsburg H D Hashbrook, S Jo.se
N Bdlton, Uutsonville (i Petersoi., Watsonvllle
W V Carpenter, Dixon T L Burton, Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G J Koring, San Jose T X Johnston, Napa
W It Porter, Santa Cruz U Holland, N V
N Ptcoiich, Fresno II Kvmis, N V
W T Farmer, N V W F Cank, Oakland
M Silverstone, S V Miss X E Hennessy, Ptld
O L I^ay»e, Madera J M Oriilitli, Madera
It Fletcher A w.sta Rosa A H C Dowdell,st Helena
1> < lopton, Vallejo S H saleuo, Chicago
Jll Druste, St I.ouis .X 11 Scott, Chicago
t W Wiltse. Chicago Miss o Brown, N\
ti Jackson, New Jersey (J Burns. Montana
T smith, st Paul (i Bishop, Liverpool
H < 'lay ton, Mcx C Murphy, El Paso
U Stewart, El Paso
LICK HOUSE.
J X Sackett, Winters J H Howlnnd <fe w, Napa
WII Martin, Nev City A R Lord, Nevada City
L X McConnell, N V R F Allen. Oakland
L W Moultne, Fresno J R Brown, Berkeley
J R Jonson, Berkeley V U Frost, Merced
Mrs B <i Dickman, fam H deVrie-.Vandoesourgh,
A serv; Napa st Helena
J Wiley ft wl, Los Ang J 0 Bulley, Salt Lake
F J French «fc (m, 111 H Peterson, Cal •
E A Conway, Chicago Frank X Rowe, Chicago
Mrs S5 F Miiodv, *rt W r" Spencer, w it sri. La
J L Sinner & wf, Phila J A Webster, Stockton
H 8 Frawley, Sacto M J Mcßride, San Jose
C a Rice, Santa Cruz W F Deteri, Zeila mine
A Hewell, Modeito Thos Maclay, Petaluma
PALACE HOTEL.
() W Dunn, Stanford T Couch, Butte, Mont
<i lintman, Boston J M Wagner, Colo
Dr SpauUiing, Boston M Xesvander, Belgic
O V Eaton, Stanford M J steflens, Chicago
W Prichard, Stanford «• Ristne, Denver
C W Uates, Los Angeles (' Adams <fc w, Nw Bdfrd
c W Taylor, Shasta Miss Adams, Nw Bedfrd
Mrs Caldwell, I'ortland X Van Eniden, Mill
E Medlaugh, Detroit E C Keys * «'• M V
Mrs Medhiugh, Detroit W Palmer, Plttsburg
F Inmnn dk >v, R I W B Peck, N V
H l-ciihcrrt it \v, N V W Newlin, Los Angeles
it Duval, N V W -Melchers, Canton
A I'olgoroum, Hongkng Urulity, Shanghui
R Puddewehe, London
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i W Thompson, Lafayette D M Ross. Soledad
Mrs Williams, Ban Jose J Smith. San Jose
J (4 Whitney, sun Ratael P O'Brien, San Rafael
<; H Kartell, Sacto \V Mann, Stockton
J i'inger, Vullejo C W Sears. Oregon
D E Powell, Carson 0 Hougiiton, Portland
W Halm, Portland B L 1 isher, Alameda
W Evans, Santa Cruz ' H Thurmond, >anta Cruz
The visit of Prince Ferdinand of Bul
garia to the Pope was a humiliating one.
lie went in diseuise and when he reached
the Vatican there was no Swiss cuurd to
receive him, no gorgeous ceremonial, not
even the preparations made for persons of
lower rank. When the Prince went to
Cardinal Rampolla, the usher introduced
him with the words, "Here is that man,"
THE CALL CALENDAB.
FIBRITARV, 1896.
M .
\V.
Moon's Phases.
Last Quart!
• February
S j
4
7
10
11
I I
14
(jga New Moon.
'S3' February J3
12
U
15
17
/~^\ First Qua
v^Februwy
19
21
/a FuiiMoi
i v£/ February
24
OCEAN STEASIEKS.
Dat«« o r Departure From San
BTjtAMKK. | iI,OTIS-ATI(IV j
SAII.V
hniplrp P0rt1and........ ! Feb 28, 6pm Pier 13
Columbia... Portland ;..... j Feb2B.ll)AM Pier 24'
Arcata...... Coos 8ay. ..... Feb28.12 If Pier IS
«an Jose.... Panama iKeb 29,12 m ! PMBS
jcureka... Newoort ....;. Feb29, 9am Pier 11
DmatUla.... Vie a t»« Feb29. 9am Pier 9
ABUnchani P0rt1and....... Mch 1 9am net 13
baniaKin*.. an D1ec0....; jMch 2.11 am ' Pter 11 v
H0mer...... Coos 8ar...... Mch 2. Bpm Oceanic
*; ra « o ;..... Coot uav ;;.;■. Mch 3,10 am I IMer
I'olnti^omj*. Grays Harbor, i Mch 3. 4pm Pier. 2
IJcl^orte.. Grays HarDor. Mch 3, 4pm ....... "
?«';•"'•••"••• N'ewoort ...... Mch 4. 9am II
wpeott...... Eel Kiver Mch, 4. 9am Pier 13
state of Cai^ortiana !Mch 4.10 am ; Pier 24
r0m0in....... Humboldtßay iMch 2. 2pm Pier 9
Monowai 5ydney........ Mch. 5. 2pm Oceanic
n«1 c *" Vlc *P«»na -Mch s. 'Bah Pler9»
D0ric......... China&Japan. Mch 6, 3pm P M 8 ,
c0r0na....... Diego..-..-. Mch"6.llAji Pl« 11
STEAMERS TO ARBIVK.
Empire. .... ..;... Portland.. . ...
Farallon ;;...;.. i V aim inn Hay
Point. J>orna i-irayg Haroor
Santa Kosa...... Pan Diego- i. ........ ..I;
Del None ■ Grays Harbor.. ".*...
'Wellington.'.'.... ; Departure Bay
Pomona. ...... | Humboidt Bay..........
Peter Jebsen.;.. ' N'analmo :..'.............
Araeo Coos Bar....
ban Bern to j iacoma
State of Cal...... j Portland ...............
City or I'ueDla . . j Victoria <& Puget Sound
Alice Blancnani \ Portland.. ;..... •..„■.;„.
Colon. ....„..:.. Panama ...........
Homer.......... coos ±say...... ;..
Weeott.. ........ I Eel River
BtPaai j Newport.
Corona San Diego ,
North Foru..... i Humboidt Bay
Australia. ! Honolulu •.......;
Crescent City. .. Crescent City-
Kahulul... ...'... Kahului
Eureka.... :;...■ | Newport
..reo 30
..Feb 28
..Feo 29
..Feb 29
..feb 29
..Feb '-'9
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Moh 1
. Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 2
..Men 4
..Men *
..Mch 4
..Men 4
..Men 5
..Men 6
BUK AND TID-IS.
. U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide") ■
Biti,i/ktin Published by Official >
AUTHORITY of THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
■iTinny, .ten. a.
Su n rises 6. 44
i-ruiay, teD. .B.
Bnn sets 6.03
February— lß9G.
s!L W| It \V IL W|
Feet| Time !Fe«t
[H W]
29
M.
1
2
3
4
8
6
6
■ 5.00! 1.4 11.08 5.5 6.42-0.8! 1..
H W;Feet L W : Feet H.Wj Feet L WjFeet
I 0.16 4.9 0.50J 0.9 12.01 6.3 6.28|-0.4
0.45 5.1 6.41! 0.5 12.64! 4.9 7.O'J 0.2
1.17 0.0 7.301.0.2 1.54J 4.6 7.40 0.8
, 1.54 5.1 8.22|—0.1 3.01| 4.2 8.18 1.5
: 2.34 5.1! 9.28 i— 0.2 4.27 3.7 j 9.01 12.0
3.18 ! 5.1 10.371—0.3 8.04 3.51 9.55; 2.6
i 4.16! 6.0 11.54|—0.6| 7.34 8611.101 30
Note— In the above exposition of the tides the
•arlj- morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the. second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
honrt column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, »nd then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by (he charts
hydhogkaphk; bulletin.
Branch Hyi)R(i(ihapiiic Officb., IT. S. N. -k
Mkrchants' Kichaxbk. V
San Fkancisco, February 27. IS9R. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkcictklkr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHlPriXti INTKLLKiOCE.
Arrivert. '-V.
■ THURSDAY, February 27.
Br stmr Heinle, Rinder. 26 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 15 days, 12 hours 13 mm; pass and
mdse, toO&OSSCo.
stmr .Eureka, Jepson, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins
Co. . ■■• i
Slmr Point Arena, Johnson, 12 hours from Men
docino, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber
Co. -" -'"
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 18 hours from Fort Bragg;
lumDer. to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Lei and. 10 hoars from Santa Cruz;
produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr - Alcatraz, Dettmers. 49 hours from New
port: banns:, to L E White Lumber Co.
Bark Harry Morse,. Lane, 26 days from Yoko
hama: ballast, to George X Plummer.
Hurt Ceylon, Calhoun, 24 days from Honolulu;
13.633 bags sugar, to J D Spreckels A Bros Co. ■ ■
Bark Empire, Krebs, 85 days from Newcastle,
NSW; 1713 tons coal, to J J Moore & Co.
Schr Daisy Howe. Olsen, 9 days from Coos Bay
160 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Annie Larson, White, 23 days fm Tacoma,
via Clallam Bay 10 days; lumber, to Hanson & Co.
Schr Esther Buline, Anderson, 14 days from
Port Gamble; lumber, io J R Jmnlfy.
SclirJennic.Theliu.llansen, 4 days from Eureka:
163 M ft lumber, to California Door and Window
Sash Factory. Oakland direct,
Oleare'l.
j THURSDAY, February 27.
' Strrir Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
<fc Co. .
Nic stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
DunsmulrA Sons.
Br ship Falls of Afion, Addison, Brisbane; Bal
tour, Guthrle <t Co. ' .
Sailed.
'-'/''Sji^W- THURSDAY, February 27.
Stmr Corona, Hall. San Di»eo.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. Eureka.
Stmr Loomls, Bridne't. Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Lovinson. Fort Bragg. .
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Nanaimo.
Baric McNear. Pederson, Sydney.
- Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson," l versens Landing.
. Schr O M Kellogg. Iversen, Grays Harbor. : ■ •'-
Schr Compeer, Sorense.n, Champerlco.
■ Schr Herman, Scott, otter hunting, outside'
Alaskan waters.
. Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
v>*V;"- Toieiraplilo.
'.POINT LOBOS— February 27-10 m— Weather
thick: wind B\V ; velocity 6 miles.
Char tori.
I The schr W F Wltzeman loads mdse for Cham-
Derioo and La Libertad.
y r . ;.:.:'' . : Spoken.
Dec 12— Long 7 N, la- 120 W, ship George Stet
son, from Astoria, forQueenstown.
Dec 12— Lat 7 N, long 120 W, Br ship Earl of
Zetland, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
'." Miscellaneous.
PORTLAND, Feb. 27— SE storm signals are
ordered along the coast, and information signals
over the. Sound.
'.Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Arago, hence
Feb 'it. •
GREENWOOD- Arrived 27-Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 26.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 26— Schr Sailor Boy.
hence Feb 16.
ALBION— «ailed Feb 27— Schr Moro, hence Feb
26. : .
CLEONE— Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Wbitesboro, for
Ban Francisco.
.TATOoßH— Passed Feb 27— Stmr City of Everett
hence Feb '24, for Nauaimo.
PORT ANGELES— In . bay Feb 27— Bark Top
gallant, from Port Blakeley for Shanghai.
Passed out Feb 26— Schr Azalea, for San Diego.
.NEW WHATCOM- Arrived Feb 26-BarkUer
man la. hence Ft- o 16.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Westport,
from Fort Bragg.
GRAYS H Alt HOR- Arrived Feb 27— Schr Chas
Hanson, hence Feb I*.
Sailed Feb 27— simrs Point Loma and Del None
for San Francisco: schr Annie Gee, for San Fran
cisco; sclir American Girl, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed. Feb 27— Schr Azalea,
for San Francisco. - •
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb '27— Qer ship Oriente,
from London.
Bailed Feb 27— Stmr National j City, for Port Los
Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb Stmr Caspar.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 27— Schr Conrianza, for
San Francisco; stmr Excelsior, for San Francisco.
Arrived, Feb 27— Stmr Navarro, hence Feb 24.
. ..■ Fore I Ports.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Feb ,6-Rus bark Bering,
for San Francisco. ■ , ■
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 26— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. . •
PANAMA— Arrived Fe*b 20-Stmr City of. Syd
ney, hence Jan 21, and sailed Feb 24, for San
Francisco.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Feb2s— Brbark Embleton,
for Tacoma. • - ■ ■• ■ ..-■
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 26— Br bark Heath
field, for Hall.
• NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb 26— Bark Sea
Klne. for Honolulu. .
Movements or Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Furnessia,
from Glasgow and Moville; stmr Manitoba, from
London; ■ stmr Werkendam, from Amsterdam'
stmr Neustrla, from Marseilles: stmr Noordland,
from- Antwerp-, stmr * Latin. ■ from Bremen and
Southampton: stmr Norwegian, from Glasgow. ' , :
sailed Feb stmr St Paul, for Southampton.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out Feb 27— Simr
H H Meier; stmr Braunschweig. ,
■ GLASGOW— out Feb 27— Stmr Pomer
anian. • . ' »*-■: ■ '
HAM BUR(4— Arrived out Feb 26— Stmr Patna
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived out Feb 27-stmr
Aller. ■ -
i sailed Feb 27— Stmr Spree, for New YorK.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Feb 26 — Stmr
Maasdarn. - ■'■■- . -••■.• ,
Sailed Feb Stmr Amsterdam, for New York
POKTA, AZORES— Passed Feb 27-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm 11. from Genoa, for New York.
. DUNNET HEAD— Passed Feb 27— Stmr Hekla,
from New York, for Copenhagen. " ■ . ■
SClX.LY— Passed Feb 27— Stmr Mobile, from
New York, for London. - •
SAGRES— Passed Feb 27— Stmr NormanU, from
New York, for Genoa. ,
t '..•- Importations.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsy— l cs household goods,
22 cs cheese, 2 bzs butter, 800 bbls lime. .
" Monterey— 3 cs cheese, ■; 4 empty tanks, 4 bbls
empty bottles. ■••: ■ . . . ■
Moss Landing— 1 coop chickens. 2 bxs butter, 3
cs eggs. ■•'. '; - ;
Moro Cojo— lß79 sks barley. " : > -■
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 3ooo posts, 95
M ft lumber,' 12 cs household goods, 1 bx butter.
Little River— 3s M ft lumber, 1 < cs tobacco, '1
drum oil, 2 bnls apples. . v
Point Arena— ls bxs salmon, 30 bxs butter. 15
sks oats, 5 cs eggs. 4 coops chickens, . 2 cs mdse, 1
bx abaloues, 1 ; bbl , wine, 2 cs - household goods, ■ 4
sks brass. -"■ '"■ *
EAST SAN PEDRO— Per Eureka— B pkgs mdse,
10 Rks I ' 2 bxs vegetables, 668 bxs oranges, '1 cs
tobacco, 14 bxs lemons, i
.Los Angeles via East San Pedro— 24 cs soap
paut'r, 2 pkgs Hid se. , , . . • .
a San Pedro— 4 sks ahalone meat, 23 sks abalone
shells, 1325 sks barley, 6 pkgs incite.
, Huenemo— 4 pkgs mdse, 6cs eggs. ■ •
I Ventura— Dkgs mdse, 8 cs eggs, Ibx butter, 65
bxs lemons, »7 bxs oranges. '-'.--'
Carpentaria— 4 sks crawfish, 2 bxs lemons. . •
- Santa Barbara— 3l > pkgs mdse, 42 bbls mineral
water. 7 bxs vegetables. 87 bxs lemons. <
Giiviota— 46 sks crawfish. • : .'.'. ■'' ■'.
; Port Harford— 7 cs cheese. 4 sks dried fruit, 10
sks green peas. 25 cs eggs, 1 cs beeswax, 9 crates
dried apricots, 2 coops chickens,. 18 bxs fish, 36 Vi'
bxs butter, 21 bdls green hides, 15 bdls hides, 105
pkgs mdse. • '■ .-,.- ;*-'■; ;> - : ; ,-. .
' Cayucos— 9l bxs butter, 1 pkg mdse, 15 cs eggs,
66 dressed calves. . . . :?***,.
■ ' Ban Simeon— bxs butter, 1 tub butter, 14
pkgs mdsß, Bcs eggs. "2 sks beans, 1 cs dry goods,
vy 2 bxs rish. 21 dressed calves, '£ sks abalones.
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per BelKic—24-10 bags
mdse. 27,511 bags rice, 70 pki;s oil. 319 cs curios,
60 pkgs opium. 33 bags coffee. 12.840 bags sugar,
1845 pkgs tin, 20 parcels, 33 pkgs silk goods. SIVA
rolls matting. .
For overland-390 pkgs mdse. 12,236 pkgs tea,
413 pkgs raw silk, 263 pkps curios, 14 parcels, 71
pßcs silk goods. 800 rolls matting.
For Central and South America— loß pk"s mdse,
20 pkgs silk goods. \
Consignee*. .
Per Gipsy— Standard Oil Co; Herman Toost • J H
Cain & Co; P. 0 Until & Co; L <; Sresovich <X Co: W
Wittlund: II Duturd; Dodge, Sweeney iV Co; Ueh- I
nett <fe Murray: Wheaton. Breon & Co; Hills BrOs-
Norton. Teller 4 Co: H Cowell ,fc Co; I Ific Fruic
Market: Murray A S'einhagen; Dairymen's Union;
G M. Lease; 1-Savaney.
Per Point Arena- :,iendocino Lumber Co; H P
Hamilton; Wheaton, Breon & Co; II Bohls <fe Co;
American Oil Co: Wilson it Baechtel; B X Lane;
Ross & Hewlett : Rohlffs & Gerdan ; El 5 Halght: A
Bellanti: Gould & Jauclin; Martin, PeusierACo; S
Levy & Co; Norton, Teller & Co : OB Smith A Co;
Cofchlll & Kohn; Samuel & Abraham W Ackers; Ct
Lepori: Rechert it Co.
Per Eureka— Dairymen's Union; .1 P Thomas; A
Gerbf-rdiiiß; OCPennell <& to; Gray & Barbieri:
D E Allison A Co; Wood, Curtis it Co; Conradl it
Goldberg; J EverdiriK it Co; Thomas Wood: (has
Tetzen; Roth A Co; Pacific Butchers' Supply Co;
Waterhonse & Lester: Dodge, Sweeney it Co; Jos
Wagner; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; L Feldman; J M.
Moore: Levi Spiegel & Co; OCarpy*Co: H Clif
ton; American Union Fish Co; APaU'lmi; J De
martini; D Hirshler & Co; Van Winkle A Co: .1 B
stulzACo; Amer Press J D Chamberlain;
Hotel savoy ; J Ivancovich A Co; E .1 Bo wen it Co;
M Levy & Co; Occidental Hotel; McMillan & Ham
ilton: Buffalo Brewery ; Naba Soda Springs: a W
Fink; Hilmer, BredhoffifeSchulz: Shasta Mineral
Water Co; H H Sattler A Co; Tlios Williams; X E
Griege Shoe Co Witzel A Baker: Kcnv.ilskv A Co;
Neuberger, Reiss A Co; Russ, Sanders A Co; Labor
Exchange; Wheaton, Breon A Co: L D Stone & Co:
H N Tllden A Co; Milani A Co; Standard Oil Co: V
D Virgilio; H Heckman A Co; De Bernard! A Co;
Murphy, Grant A Co; J Hoffman; O B Smith A Co:
Chas Montgomery A Co: J Schweitzer A Co; F Url
A Co; Getz Bros A Co; Western Meat Co; Pioneer
Fish Co: MTFreitas&Co; 11 Kirchmann A Co;
Marshall, Teggart A Co; Golden West Fish Co; A
Wyss; Chicago Brewery.
Perßelgic— A C Robinson; Brown Bros A Co; J
P Morgan A Co; Bank of British North America;
Baring Bros A Co; Canadian Bank; Dr Burden ; Par
rott A Co: F Gonzalez; T Marsh A Co; California
and Japan Trading Co: Nash A Boessnecker; The
Fuji Co: l'arrott A Co: • Tradesmen's National
Bank; Wm Koth: order, and various Chinese and
Japanese merchants. ■ -';': : ''
For Late, Shipping Intelligence, See Fifteenth Page
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class.... $0.00
Second. Clasa.-SS-OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Hew Montgomery Street
aOOSALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
' "- . ; -■ " : __ ,
O. 1^.^13 3XT-
ASTORIA AIFPORTLAI.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservation* call at 19 Mont<
gomery street.
Columbia sails ....'February 18 and 23
btateol California sails. .February '23 and March 4
From Spear-st. Wharf. (Pier '24) at 10 a. H.
COOCALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. V. CONJSOR. General Agent
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP -GOIPAIT.
.^iSßatit '■-. Coolijardie gold fields
j^KWT^Q lB» (Kreemantle), Austra-
jU^-y 3 I Irt ■ " Ha; ■ $220 first class;
m^r<y Nni I |lU' $1 >■' steerage, Lowest
JHSf jj^^*^^fcJ* Lv 1 * rates to Capetown,
bSB4P^ la Africa.
gSmf 'iT^'i* \JB^ Australian steamer,
WSII / JlL_Oi^ffl Honolulu und Auck-
rHl V,,^R*^j fj land, Thursday, March
wKirfi^P^ir^/j If Steamship Australia,
iq/g££Z^^m/r day, March 10, at U 10
Spkciai. I'aktiks.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and A "--M 7. ".:v.-.-
. Ticket Office, 111 Montgomery street.
Freieht Office, 337 Market street.
J. 1). SPRECKKL-S d: BROS. CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM ZV*a
k* Broadway wharf, San Francisco, a» X2»£K
follows:
l or Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
llßnooaua Hltka (Alaska), at 0 a. m., Fen. 14, 29,
March 15, 30.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taconia. Everett, Anacortes and Ns:V I
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m. |
1- eb. 4, 9. ■ 14, 19, 84. -.29, and every fifth I
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with j
the C. c. R. X.. Ac Taconia with N. P. R. It,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold; Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. m., F»;b. 3. 7, 11, 15,
19. 2.'<. 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
. For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East Sail
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana -Newport, at 9 a. ii., Feb.
1,6. 9. 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day |
thereafter. \ . ■ :
For San Diego, stopping only at Port HarforJ j
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los i
Angeles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. v., Feb. 8, 7. 11, 15, 19, 33, 27. and every !
fourth day thereafter. • ', v ;
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par. Altata and Guayiuas (Mexico), air. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each mouth.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
GOOOALL, PERKINS it CO., Oen'l Agent*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRASSATLIWIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COM PAH V'spiKfM X X \V).42 NORTH A**K
\J River, fool of Morion st. Travelers by ffISB3E
this line avoid both transit oy English railway iuij
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria,- Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second-class, $116.
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e., ........;...
■ ..i.- March 7, 6a. .
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
:........: March 14, 10 a. if
LA BRETAGNE, Capt.Rupe..........". :.. "
...March 21, 5 a. M
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
■•• March 28, i.O A. n
M3F" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI * CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
HYen_u_e,_San Francisco. • -
NETHERLANDS AMERICAN STEAM NAVI-
GATION COMPANY.
i ' - .  ■
New York to Boulogne (Parl3), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
. 9 a. m.
Cheapest route to Europe.- First cabin $45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent ' or
THOMAS COOK & SON, Pacific Coast passenger
ftgenta, 621 Market St., S. F. .
. WHITE STAR LINE.
United States i and Royal Mail Steamers
v? i; mum
New York, Queenstown & Llvprpool, '
SAILING KVEKY \» KjSK.
CABIN, AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «-.
me to steamer an;! ficcomrnodations u£^3t
selected: second cabin, $35 and S4O: Majasnc aud
Teutonic- Steer»g« Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General OtHce of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE • ASPINWALL >M|.
fortnightly, for the West Indies and <55»iWH [
Southampton, calling en route at C^ rbour^li, j
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ' ■
Through bills of lading, In connection with th»
I Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas- !
' ure to direct ports In En£Sanj and Germany., . - ■■ ,
■ Through tickets from. San Francisco to Plymouth,'
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
•Uu, 997 M.. for further ■ particulars apply to '
VARROTT <fe CO., Agents,
* 306 California ;
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3t-
At 5 P. M. I»uily, Except Sunday.
tS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
- : \""\ : '-' ■-■■••■■' STEAMER •:■.;:>> '••. • '
T. C. Walker. rv; J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, , City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805, CdL X a v, and. Imau Cjh. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ; - -
BIG REDITTIOA IX HATES BY RAIL
■ * • .TO. ••• l * ■ ~ *-■"' -■• v * :
3E»c>3Fi 1 i I x^lA.i«r3E>, or£*-. :
FRIDAY .......FEBRUARY 23, :
Ami Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter;; I
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Perry landing, foot ': ;.
of: Market hi., at 8:00 p. M.
AP" f\ *» — incic:diu,' Bertu in Pullman Tourijt'.
OU.UU "Sleeper. %"?','/£: 7: > v
ALSO... ;"
First-class tickets, Including berth in(£]A.Of»
Pullman Standard Sleeper, • ",, ' <$)-~.\J—~ t -
• SPECIAL NOTfCF. =.?;.
This train will not stop fo deliver or lake on pi».'
«engers at intermediate stations, nor will tlckeSjl>s r
sold or baggage checked to such points. . ....
Kir Tli rou Tickets fop i'uget Sound
points on'Salo Ke«luci:il KatU
For furtJier information apply at
■ 613 MARKET STRKK'I (Grand Hotel
- Ticket OHlce), San Francisco. •
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAX, • .-;
Gen. Trailio Mgr. Gen. Pass. A?t _
• BOITTKBnx PACIFIC COMPAITT. V-
(PACIFIC MVMTEM. ■ £/
Ti-Mlna Irnti- »n«l me <ln« to »rrlf« n»
NAN lU.l.\('IS««. . „
I.BAVB — Fl:OM NoVEMBEr. 20. 18*.'5 i — AKI'.IVI
6::iO.\ Haywards, NilC3 M d Way Stations.. 10:13* "
7:OOa Atlaiitlss Express, Ogdcii and Hast.. *:**r
7:OOa Benicia. Vac^Tille. Rumscy. Sacra- = "'•
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 7:15p ■
7:30 a Martinez, San Rsmon, >'apa, Cilia- :-.
■ toga and Santa iroca..... 6:15f .-
-8:3Oa Nilcs, Ban Jose, Stncktnii, lone.
Sacraroeato, MurysTill", lied Bluff , . c
and Sundays execpted Oroiille.... -tiia^
•8:30 a Peters and Milton ....•..• *7:llir
9:OOa San Leandro, llaywe.rds£ Way St'ns 11:13 Ay
9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Raymond,  * ■
(for Yoseinite), Santa Barbara • •.
and 1.03 Angeles 4:45r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton.; : 10:43 a '
10:00\SanLeaD<]ro, llaywirda and Niles.. l:4."ip •
lS:«0u San Leandro, Haywards & Way Bt'na 2:45# ,
l:OOp IS'ilcs, San Jr.soand Livcrmore »:»•"> A,
•l:OOp Sacramento Itivcr Steamers '!(:IIO»
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations. ....... f7:4Av
San I.eandro, Hay warm i Way Bt'hs 5:43 v .••
4:»Op Ran Leandro, Haywards & Wayf-t'cs 6:43f '
4:00p Martinez, San Ramoii, .'. Tallcjo, . ".;..=
Napa, Oalistoga, lit Verano and
Santa K0aa..., ....".../.. »il«*
*:—* Benloia, " Esparto, ; Woodland. • '
- > KuifTlits Landing,' . Marysville, '. -,' ".
- ' OroTillo and Haurutnento ; lAi4S#
4tSop Nile 6 ,: San «'■.=•■, iivermoro and
Stockton... .' .".. 7il3r,'
s:o©p San Leindro, Haj-warda 4 V, T p.y St'ns 8:43»
8:!tOi- New Orleans liiiirMs.l'rcsuo.Bakers-
'.'•. - lield, Santa l!;irl:n.ia, Los Angclca,
Denting, L'l Paso, Nsw Orleans and
."-; East:. ::...:.. I«i43*
3:30r Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Kxpres»
7-r for Mojavo and Kast 10:43*..
6:00 1- r.uKipcau Mail, Og.li-n and 1,u»t.... 0:4.1*
O:OOi» Haywards. Nilt-suml 15an.1050...... 7:43*
p Vallejo ;............... t7:43p
7:OOp OregoiiKx press, Sacramento, Marys.
*!llc, Redding, .Portland,. Pnget
Sound and Kast ... 10:43*
7:o©,p Sail Leandro, Haywards& Way St'ns I 0:5O»
9:OOp San Leandro, Hay Way Sfns ffl2:»0*:
fl«iWf " Sunset Ltatlted," Fresno, Los
' Angeles, El Paeo, New. Orleans
and East ...;....... {rr»l.1»
tfllilsT :3anLeandro.Hayvrd.r< l ij& Way St'ns 7»15* (i
SASTA CUI'Z DIVISION (Narrow flange).
M:I!>A Newark, CVnturvi l le.Siin. luge, Felt nn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.. «'••» •
•2:13r Newark, Cenkcrville. Ra;> .lose. New
Alinaden, Felton, Boulder Crick, .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...... »ll:ao*"
4:l3i> Newark, San .lose and Los (.'atos.... 9:3* a
f11:43p Hunttrs" Recursion. Kan Jose and
m WaySU-.ions ;.. :7:2«» : .
COAST IHVISION (liiirtl A. Town'senil Sis.)
6:4.1 a Ban Joro and Way Stations (New
A'mauon Wednesdays only) 1 : 1 3 ■
Silßa Sail Joso, Trcii Pinna, K.uita Cruz, i .<•;■
Pacific GiOTe, Paso Rubier, Ban
Luis ( H. :.-■;... t!uad.ilupa and Prin-
cipal Way Slitions V 7:O3»
1O:4Oa San Josoatid Way Stations '.. 3:OOF
81z43a Palo Alto and Way {Stations.; li:.-»Oi
*a:3Op Han Jose, Gilmy. Trtw Pinos, Baiita . :\-
Cr>iz Salinas,Monter»y and Paci: c
' llrove *IO:4Oa
•3::»0p Baa Jo»a ami Principal Way Stations !>:l7*
•4::sOi-Scn Jose ami Way BUtipns *".:OGa
5:30p Sat* Jose nml Way Stations *H: «S 4
fl:::Oi- San Jose ami AVay Stations «i:n.V\
♦ll:4ffp San Jose ami AV:iy Stations 17-.4.1*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS FaIHCISCO— Foot of Market Etrert (Slip 8)— .
•7:1« 9:00 ]1:00 a.m. Jl:flO *2:3Q 13:00
•1:00 . 15:00 »e:OOI'.M.
/roniOHElUßD— Foot of Bro-idwa/.— ■ -C:00 8-00
10:OQa.m. tl2:00 »l:00 ■ t5:00 *3:CO ti:08
*S:QCI-.M. . ; - •
A for Morning. ' . P for Afternoon V• ■■
• Sundays ex-cepted- . " t Saturdays only.
J Sundays only. ' - • .
t> Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
"BToeadaya and Saturday . Saaadays anu Tbur4dart*
SMFRIACLSCO «f AORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35*
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M. .• . - - . • ..
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30 L
6:00, 6:20 P. m. .-•■ ... ..7
San Rafaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. if •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trio«
at 1 :55 P. M. and 6:35 P. M. • ■
BUNDAVS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. if.; 1:40, 3.M,
5:00, 6:25 P. m. • - .
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Parlt urn*
schedule as above. -
Leave ....... ~~ Arrive ' ;
San Francisco. oct 28 San FranclBC *-
Wkfk I Sun- t,-, 1 .?^:,-,, Sum- I Wik"
Days. | days, "estinatiou. :3AYgj , p AYS .
7:40 amj8:00 ami No : o." . 10:40 am! 8:50"a»«
3:30 pm 9:30 aml Petaluraa,- . 6:05 10:30 asc
6:10 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm! 8:15 rK
Fulton, :
7:40 am Windsor, • 10:30 ax
IleaJdsburK,
Geyserville, * . ' s ' *. .'■
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
Pleta, ■' '. ~
IPleta, & ]
! Hoplund <ft
7:40 am 8:00 am, Uklah. ■ 7:30 pm 6:15 fn
7:40 am] , ; 10:30 ah
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pmJ j • 1 6:15 PM
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma i 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 5:00 and 6:05 pm 6:15 pic
. ■ I i Glen Ellen. \ ' . .j ' ;v-^-, .
7:40 am, B am Rph _, totl _. 110:40 am 10:30 am
3:3opmls:oopm| Se.bastopoL [ 6;05 PM j 6;15^
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas. - : • -.:
Stages connect at Cloyerdale-for the Geysers. -
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
K«"lseyville. Lakeport. t •• . ;
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blu»
Lakes. Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, MendoclnoCHy. fort Erairg, Vsal, Westport,
Cahto, AVllletts, Calpella; Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, ScoiU '
and Eureka. - . ' -. ■ ■ .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ ■ ■■ • \ ■-' ■■
On Sundays round-trip -.tickets to all points o*-
ond San K&fael at half rates.
Ticket otTlct-s. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITIXO, . K. X.RYAN.
Gen, Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
--' Pacific Vjgul}
RAILROAD Wf"§^^^
Trains leave from and .arrive JR'?Q?^-^X3?*&J
at Market-Street Ferry. 1 "^!
SANTA FE EXPRto*
To Chicago via A. & P- Di . '"" e
leaves «very day at 3:30 P. M.c«va? Pol ' .*5
Palace Sleepers and Tourist • &>««?«»£ f|?
»ia Kansas City without change. Annex cars to!
Denver and St. Louis. .... -»-«-!■»
CHICAGO UMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally.. with Dlnlng-caT\
under Harvey's manacement. ; Connecting tralna -
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and .1:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from Calhornia to the Kast.
New rails new lies; no dust; Interesting scenery j
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining*
OATS. Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,..
licket Office— o44 Market Street,
Chroniclo Buildicz* .
IoPJH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAr
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
• From San Francisco, beginning October 11 1595
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7:3o. 9-15 lieu
, m.; 1:45, 3:45, 5:15. 6:30 p. M. ■•'/.,,
Ban Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 A. M. ; 1:45, 6-15 p m
Extr.i trips lor Sail ,-Raiat>l, on Monday's Wa.iilp*.
• Cays and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.' ■ -• :
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:30. 8:00. 4:30 «"i»
T. m. ■•.Does not run to San Quentin. •
n THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays— Caiadero and waystatlons.
1:45 p. it. Satardays-Tomales and wav staiion*
8:00 a. m. Sundays-Point Reves ana wayitlttoU
| fALLEJO. MAREIXLIJD/BEWU PORT
COSTA A.\I)(RO(MT
- { STB. JIIOSTICELLO, '
Daily, except Saturday and Sundav-lo -SO A, M,
.. - ■ ,and-4 p. m. : n s«urdar. l*: o -u nooi.; *
•4 P. v. only. i:>onday - 8p - it ■ ; .' . .
iandinc, Mission 1, Pi or 4, •Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
SHE TOOK HIM
AT HIS WORD
A Young Mother- and Her
Two Babies Fleeing
to England.
GOT ONE DAY'S START.
She Says Another Woman Hard
Stolen Her Husband's
Affections,
ONLY MARRIED THREE YEARS.
Mr. Higgs Said "Let Her Go," and a
Couple of Hours Later She
Went.
Oakiaxs Office Fan Franci^o C\ll }
90S Broadway, Feb. L 7.' [
Mrs. Richard Higgs, the youn X wife of a
weii-known business man of this city, is
MRS. RICHARDS B(GGS, NOW FLEEING TO ENGLAND \Y ITH HER TWO BABIES
■ across the continent with ncr two
children and the husband is doing all in
■ ".rer to prevent her leaving the coun
try with them. The aid of the police de
partments and Sheriff'? offices in several
counties has been invoked, but so far the
refugees have been unmolested.
The young wife had a full day's start be
fore her husband discovered that she had
gone, and, as she purchased a through
ticket to England, ..there is no room for
doubt regarding her intentions.
Mr. and Mrs. Higgs have not been mar
lied many years, but, according to the
young wife's story, love long since : fled
from their home. The domestic skeleton
was dotted with apparent harmony till
after the birth of the second baby, which
occurred about^three months ago. The
unhappy young mother told her story to
her neighbors. "With tears in her eyes
and a tiny babe In her arms she recounted
the circumstances attending her unbappi
ness. ■ ':" ■
Some time ago the..Higgs family lived at
513 Twentieth street,- but a few months
after marriage serious illness in the wife's
family made it imperative that she go to
New Zealand if ehe, would see her mother
before she died. The visit was made, and
on her return Mrs. -Higgs found that there
was a marked difference in her husband's
manner toward her. •
"We went to live at Sixth and Harrison
streets," said Mrs. Higgs the evening be
fore she tied to England, "and my hus
band seemed to have" no further affection
for me. We got along as well as I could,
but it was very hard, and each day made
it worse. A "married woman seemed to
exercise a strange influence over my hus
band. She had complete control of him
and he did not seem able to exercise any
self-control at all. Several times we dis
cussed our unhappiness, and each time he
would promise to be as he once was, but
his promises were invariably broken.
When I returned from New Zealand, in
stead of receiving tile loving welcome I
expected, I was received very coldly, and
I found that I was more de trop than ever.
"Occasionally the woman who had
usurped the place in my husband's affec
tions came to our house. 1 forbade her
darkening my door, but she paid no atten
tion to me and defied me to have her out
out. After this had gone on for several
months I decided to move to a new neigh
borhood and went out to Twentieth street.
For a time I thought that the woman had
dropped out of sight, but i was quickly un
deceived. " '. ■ '-', ,,, . ,
"About three months ago ray little baby
was born. Just before its birth Mr. Higgs
bought a bicycle and after that he was
away from home all the time. I was alone
with my two children and 1 made up Imy
mind that when: 1 was strong enough I
would go to my friends in Wales. I aeain
protested against my husband's doings
and instead of even listening to me he told
me to mind my own business and he would
do as he pleased. We had a quarrel and :
Mr. Higgs packed his trunk and moved
downtown."  „,
A week ago Mrs. Higgs placed her affairs
in the hands of a lawyer and a settlement
of $15 per month was agreed upon and $-00
cash down. Mr. Higgs was extremely
fond of his oldest child and was very kind
to it. After the settlement neither hus
band nor wife saw each other and neither
suggested a divorce. ■•
Last Tuesday Mrs." Hirers called in an
auctioneer and «oid all her furniture, which j
she bays her husband had given to her. ,
As an auction would have attracted atten- j
tion she sold it for a lamp sum. This ,
money and the $200 received from her .
husband were sufficient to enable her to |
carry out her idea, and Tuesday evening
Bbc went to the ticket-office and purchased
a ticket for Europe. •
The most surprised man in Oakland was ,
Mr. Higgs, when he learned that bis wife i
had gone and taken tiieir two children. I
It was at first supposed that she had gone
U> h6r brother-in-law, Mr. Owen, in Fruit
vale. bat investigation proved that she
had been accompanied to the Sixteenth
street depot by Mr. Owen and a lady
friend. Mr. Higgs lost no time in trying
j to intercept his wife's flight before she got
i out of the State, but he has not yet learned
; anything definite. He at drat thought ht
J could find her in San Francisco, but the
j hour; he spent searching that City were
helping to place her farther from the
scenes of her unhappfnesa.
The evening before taking her flight
; Mrs. Higgs made a final attempt to effect
■ a reconciliation with the father of her
I little ones. Mr. Owen, the brother-in-law,
interviewed Mr. Higgi and the latter in
sisted that he would not return to hi?
wife. Mr. Owen replied that if that -was
: bis final answer Mrs. Higgs would leave
j Oakland. Higgs replied "'Let her go," but
. snowed by his manner that he had no idea
! she would do so. Two hours after the de
j cision of the busband was made known 10
; the young wife she was on her way home
j with her babies to relatives in Wales.
The HigKS have only been married three
years, and the eldest child, Gladys, is not
j quite two years old. Before her marriage
Mrs. Higgs was Miss Serene Johns and
lived with her sister, Mrs. Owen. Her
husband is manager for the Oakland
branch of a San Francisco lirin of grocers.
Disorderly Restaurant.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— Chief of
Police Lloyd late this afternoon tiled
charges with the City Clerk for investi
gation by the Council against C. Davis
and T. Ham, keepers of the Pacific res
taurant, 46\* Eleventh street. He charges
they keep a disorderly and disreputable
place, as well as keeping open and selling
liquor after 12 o'clock. He recites the fact
that they have been twice convicted of the
latter charges.
Drugged With Opium.
■: OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 27.— J. Lathrop,
a* carpenter; was found lying unconscious
j on the sidewalk at Tenth and Washington
j streets, at 1 o'clock this morning by an
officer. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found he was suf
fering from opium poisoning. He claimed
that he had been drugged.
Lottery Dealer's Heavy Fine.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— Judge Wood
of the Police Court gave Ah Yuen, one of
'. the Chinese lottery-dealers convicted by a
! jury of business men, a good taste of the
law to-day, when he imposed a fine of $500
' or 250 days in jail. Tnis is the lull extent
! of the law.
MARCEAUS LIVING APART
i Agreed to Separate and May
Institute Divorce Pro
ceedings.
' Said to Be One of Many Marital
Infelicities During Their Three
Years' Union.
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore C. Marceau are
living apart by mutual agreement, and the
assertion is not contradicted that this last
, of their many marital infelicities will end
in more than a temporary separation fol
lowed by the usual reconciliation.
The husband is occupying rooms con
nected with his Market-street photograph
gallery, while Mrs. Marceau, recently
joined by her mother, holds undisturbed
possession of the luxurious apartments in
the Palace Hotel.
It is asserted by thope claiming to know
that several times the wife had taken the
preliminary steps to a divorce on the
; ground of alleged cruelty, but was on each
occasion eventually reconciled to her hus
band tnrough the interference of friends.
Messrs. Dunn and McPike, Mrs. Mar
ceau's attorneys, would say only that a
temporary separation had been agreed
I upon. .But they refused to say whether or
I not divorce proceedings would result
' directly from this open < rupture in the
! married life of the Marceaus.
It was only a little over three years ago
that the couple were united amid all the
pomp and magnificence furnished for the
event by the encampment at Santa Cruz of
I the National Guard of California, the
groom being at that time lieutenant
colonel and aid-de-camp on Governor
Markhara's staff. The bride was then
! Mrs. Fisk, the widow of the Fresno capi
, talist, who was assassinated a few months
before.
; — * — *. — • .
Napoleon* Way With Bribe-Takers.
• He was furious at times with the venality
iof his associates. Talleyrand once ad-
I mitted that he had taken sixty millions
' from various German princes. Massena,
! Augereau, Brune and Junot were not so
| colossal in their greed, , but they were
] equally ill-disposed, and very successful
'in lining their coffers. With Talleyrand
Napoleon never joked ; but when he wished
to give the others warning he drew a bill
for some enormous sum on one or other of
i them and deposited it with a banker.
There is no evidence that such a draft was
ever dishonored. ■ On one occasion Mas
sena disgorged two millions of francs in
this way.— Napoleon in the March Cen
tury. .; . ~ -
- Part of the ' cruel and unusual punish
ment urged against her husband as ground
for a divorce by a woman of San Jose, Cal.,
is that he threw her pies out of the window
! md made her visitor! enter the bouse by
.tU backdoatv./. .. : - ; . . . . ../... . - ■ I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
CHANDLER TO
SUCCEED MORSE.
An Eastern Divine for
President of the Bap
tist College.
TRUSTEES ARE TO MEET.
They Have Decided to Accept
the Resignation of Pro
fessor Morse.
TEN YEARS' USEFUL WORK.
General Desire to Strengthen the
Union of Baptists in the East
and West.
Oakland Offich Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 27. f
The trustees of California College have
decided to accept the resignation of Presi
dent Samuel B. Morse, and it is almost
certain that an Eastern man, Dr. E. K.
Chandler of Massachusetts, will be ap
pointed his successor.
There are several reasons advanced why
an Eastern divine should be chosen, the
main one being that at present there is not
a very strong bond of union existing
between the East and "West. It was for
the purpose of strengthening this bond
that the National anniversaries were orig
inaily intended to be held this year at
Portland, Or. A few days ago the West
ern city was discarded for an Eastern sea
board city, and this action seemed to
dampen tne ardor of those who were work
ing for closer union.
Now it is thought that the work on the
Pacific Coast will receive a fresh impetus
by the appointment of an Eastern presi
dent to the head of the only Baptist theo
logical college on the coast.
The Baptist denomination of the West
is awaiting the action of the trustees in
regard to the selection of a successor to
Rev. Samuel B. Morse, D.D., who has been
at its head for ten year? past and brought
it through the period when it needed the
hardest work and keenest executive ability
to keep it from being an utter failure.
The work of rinding a man just suited to
carry on the work so well iounded is one
of great responsibility, a fact that is fully
appreciated by the board of trustees at
this time.
Tiie trustees of the institution are se
lected from the ministerial force and lay
men of the citate Baptist Convention, and
includes some of the best and most in
fluential members of the denomination.
They are elected for five-year terms and
are divided into rive classes, running for
terms of one, two, three, four and five
years respectively. The board, as it stood
at the last annual meeting, was as follows.:
Class I— C. H. Hobart, Oakland; W. T.
Jordan, Alameda; H. L. Gear, San Fran
cisco.
Class 2— J. Q. A. Henry, San Francisco;
G. M. Coulter, Batavia; A. L. White, East
Oakland.
Class 3— H. E. McCune, Dixon; W. R.
Gallup, Sacramento; J. H. Stevens, San
Francisco.
Class 4— C. N. Whitmore, Ceres; J. C.
McMullin, Oakland; Z. L. Orcutt, San
Jose.
Class 5-G. S. Abbott, D.D., Oakland;
William P. Todd, Oakland; C. M. Hill,
East Oakland.
The officers of the board are: President,
Ken. H. E. McCune, Dixon; secretary, C.
H. Hobart, Oakland; treasurer, J. H.
Stevens, 212 Sansome street, San Fran
cisco.
These three, with A. L. White and H.
L. Gear, constitute the executive com
mittee.
A meeting of the board has been called
for Thursday next, to consider the selec
tion cf Dr. Morse's successor and to attend
to other business that may be presented.
One item is to select a new member for
the board to fill the unexpired term of
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry, lormerly of San
Francisco, but who is now filling a pulpit
in Chicago.
A number of tbe leading members of
the church in this city who feel a vital
interest in college affairs have been feel
ing about to find who might be considered
available for the vacancy. President Bron
son of the McMinville (Or.) Baptist Col
lege has been mentioned, but there are
grave doubts whether he would give up
his present position, and then there are
many who feel that an Eastern man is
needed, so as to tie the denomination
on the coast to that east of the Rocky
Mountains. This latter element is be
lieved to be in the majority.
Rev. E. K. Chandler, D.D., of Massa
chusetts has been considered by a number
of the trustees, and by many is* believed to
be the man who will be chosen. He comes
of Puritan stock, and his iatner was one
of those who stood by the McMinnville
College when its existence was threatened.
He is a man of sufficient age to command
the confidence and respect of the ministe
rial brethren of the coast, and at the same
time young enough to carry forward suc
cessfully the work beguu by Dr. Morse.
One minister in speaking of him to-day
said: "He is in every way fitted for the
position if he could ha secured. We need
a man now that will accept fully the great
responsibility that will be laid upon him.
Dr. Morse has clone a noble work, a work
which he can now Jay down and in after
years be called blessed by the church. In
laying it down now ha will always carry
the grateful remembrance cf those who
will go to school here in the years to come.
We want a younger man now to take the
work up and push it along up hill."
Rev. I. D. Wood, district missionary for
the American Baptist Home Missionary
Society of Philadelphia, is very emphatic
in favoring an Eastern man." He said:
"We want a man for president who will
tie the Baptists of the East and West more
firmly together. Dr. Morse has done well
in this work and now no mistake must be
made in choosing his successor. We have
had the anniversaries taken from us, and
if everything is not done that is possible
there will be a division of the West from
the East and a new convention formed
entirely."
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County - Happening! Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, Feb. 27. I
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society has
secured a decree of foreclosure against G. W.
Strine for $8670 26 and $300 counsel lees.
Ex-Police Officer .Joseph, Kodgers was taken
to the home of his sister in San Francisco last
evening in a, dying condition, as ; it was
thought. He has been ill for some lime. .
Officer Ely was arrested for contempt yester
day in Judge' Conlan's court, but was subse
quently released. He arrested C.L". Fountain
in open court on a warrant for an offense here.
The trial of Mary Van "charged with
receiving: stolen goods, was set for March 3 for
trial by Judge Ogden to-day. She eloped with
, 'William Kelleher, who robbed his employer of
$60. A': ■:. .._.-;■:. ■:;--../' > ; ■•■
Mrs. Ramon Castro was -in court to-day as a
witness in the examination of Mrs. Van Duyn,
her daughter, who was arrested for insanity,
but was not committed. Mrs. Castro is the
mother of fifteen children.
An 18-year-old lad named Sherwood Founof
was arrested this afternoon on a charge oi
burglary. O. Hergsten, the station agent at
Center street, alleges that Founof entered his
room at the Kentucky House and stole a bunch
of ferry tickets.
Bam J. Thomas, the negro burglar who kept
Alameda terrorized ior several weeks by the
Ireijuenev of his crimes and Ms attack upon
Key. l)r. \Volf arid his wife, was placed on trial
for the second time in Judge Ellsworth's de
partment tO-CRV.
The United States survey steamer McArthur,
now lying off the foot of Broadway, is being
scraped and repainted, as well as receiving
quite extensive repairs throughout. The
United States steamer Gidney is also lying in
the stream off the same wharf.
Complaints have reached the Health Office
that the scavengers arc still dumping refuse at
the old grounds at the foot of Harrison street.
Copies of the ordinance were posted on the
premises this morning and the neighbors iioti.
tied to arrest any one they caught violating it-
The First Ward Republican Club held "a
meeting at Barren's Hall, West Oakland, last
night and elected the following permanent
officers: President, I>r. B. A. Rabe; first vice
president. J. Thompson; second vice-president,
J. A. Underwood; secretary, E. if. Long;
treasurer, O. C. Hyatt.
Judge Wood held this morning that deputy
county clerks appointed for registration pur
poses are not exempt from jury duty. Robert
Jackson pleaded also that he was a notary
public and knew everybody in the action, and
still he was compelled to listen all day to the
evidence in a Whisky-selling case.
The charge agam?t I>r. Ivouis C. Harmon in
the Police Court was dismissed to-day on mo
tion of the prosecution. As Dr. Harmon has
settled the divorce proceedings with his wife
and paid her SpI'J.OOO. she and her friends did
not care to prosecute him on the charge of
sendfng her the alleged comic valentine.
S. P. Channell, the Piedmont capitalist, has
sold his residence in that vicinity for
$2(5,500 to General J. F. Hough ton of San
Francisco. The property consists of a lot
200x181 feet facing south on Hillside avenue,
corner of Vista, with a 14-ro<nn two-story
residence, barns and other out-buildings.
Kupene J. JJrirssei, who deserted Ada Wes
ton ou the eve of her wedding, has been
located at I'kiah. where he wedded Margaret
Cailaghan last Sunday. Drussel has written to
friends in Oakland telling them of the step he
had taken and offering explanations of the
manner in which he lefi his fiancee of this
city.
In an attempt to take a barge and scow
through the webster-street drawbridge yester
day a tug master £Ot himself into trouble. 'J he
dredger is at work in front ot The draw, but
With a line-tow the master decided he could
take his tow through. He succeeded in get
ting the tug anil barge through, but the scow
drifted to the north and struck the bulkhead
which supports die draw wrien closed. The
great bunch oi piles were crushed and broken
so badly they will have to be removed and new
cues driven in their place.
THE ALMA TRUSTEES.
Courts Asked to Enjoin Them
From Enlarging the Elec
tric Plant.
Recapture of a Chicken-Thief Who
Jumped From a Train at
Full Speed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 27.— A complaint
was tiled in the Superior Court to-day that
will make a stir in Alameda. John T.
Fleming appears as a petitioner, and prays
for an order of court restraining the Eoard
of Municipal Trustees from carrying on
certain contracts, involving the expendi
ture of a large sum of money to enlarge
the municipal electric plant for the chief
purpose of engaging in the business of fur
nishing commercial lightß to private con-
I sumers. The petitioner represents himself
to be a property-owner and taxpayer; that
the only appropriation necessary for the
maintenance of the electric work 3is one
which would meet the cost of operating
and neceasary repairs; bit the Municipal
Trustees, in fixing the tax levy for 1895-00,
largely increased the rate for the purpose
of purchasing the power and appliances,
so that artilicial light may be sold to
householders and residents; that it is in
tended to expend a s-um approximating
$30,000 for this increase; that the city has
called for proposals to erect buildings, in
stall machinery, etc., and unless restrained
from entering into such contracts it will
be compelled to defend a multiplicity of
lawsuits owing to the illegality of said
contracts; that the Municipal Trustees
have not by ordinance passed by a two
thirds vote submitted to the electors the
proposition to so increase the electric
WOJTKS, and by reason of these facts the pe
titioner and other taxpayers are irrepara
bly injured.
The move is not backed by any consider
able number of taxpayers and its signifi
cance is not understood. The board has
i already let contracts approximating $20,
--000, but no work has yet commenced.
There was expended last year in expan
sions the sum of $19,000, and with this ad
dition, it is claimed, wili so increase the
incandescent plant .that enougn light may
be sold to pay for what the municipality
uses. When the tax levy was made last
October the rate of 1.22 was decided upon.
One dollar on -the $100 would have met all
the usual requirements and there was great
dissatisfaction that the rate siiould have
been so high. The reason of the increase
was kept secret at the time and it did not
transpire till some time after that the extra
fund to be raised was to be put. into addi
tions to the electric light.
A Criminal Recaptured.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 27.— Police Offi
cer Aloe bus to-day arrested in San Fran
cisco a prisoner who escaped from his cus
tody on the Bth of January last. On that
date he was detailed 10 watch for chicken
thieves, who were devastating the hen
roosts in the westerly part of the city. At
5 o'clock in the morning of the day men
tioned he found a man traveling toward
the city on the iirst narrow-gauge train
with a basket of chickens in his posses
sion. The thief was arrested on the way
out to the landing and kept aboard the
train until the return trip was begun.
About 150 yards from the landing the
prisoner made a dash for liberty, rushing
through the car door and jumping from
the train while it was at tall «peed and
disappearing utterly, it was not yet light
enough to distinguish clearly. How the
man escaped death as he alighted on the
ties is a mystery, but he did not seem to
have been injured even, for Officer Moebus
found him at the Clay-street Market this
morning with his customary basket of
chickens, which he had presumably got
in the same way in which he had acquired
those in Alameda. He is now in the City
Prison, with a charge of burglary against
him. He gives his name a3 J. Doughtery.
Brief Mention.
Constable C. M. Day was married yes
terday to Miss Abbie N. Baker.
Jean G. Schmidt died at his home on
Haight avenue yesterday of cancer. He
was a native of France, 66 years of age and
quite well to do.
The fine Hamilton residence, northeast
corner Union street and Central avenue,
will be sold at auction March 3.
Density of I'opulation,
The density of population in this Lon
don area was 373 persons to the acre,
auainst 168 persons to the acre in the
whole of Bethna) Green. There are three
wards iv New York City more densely
Populated. Of them the Tenth Ward
shows a density of more than 62L This is
in a large measure due to the greater
height of the New York buildings; but
covering as they do in some especially bad
blocks, almout, if not quite, as large a pro
portion of the ground area as those de
stroyed in London, it is not likely that
their upper stories get more light and air
than the two stories which made up the
London rookeries, and it is likely that
their lower stories get a great deal less.—
Edward Marshall, in tue March Century.
POVERTY OF A PIONEER
David McNea, Once Successful,
Dying in a Garret and
in Need.
INCREASED POSTAL RECEIPTS.
Bicyclists Interested in the Improve
ment and Widening of the
County Road.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway. Feb. 27. \
Old David McNea is dying in poverty
and want. McNea is a pioneer resident
of Oakland, and is one of the earliest set
tlers of California. For a great portion of
his life he knew prosperity, but ill luck !
overtook him, and now, in the late even
ing of his life he is dying and in want.
McNea is past 75 years of age, and for
the last five years has inipported himself
by peddling thread, needles and notions.
For six months sickness has kept him
from doing much work, and he has been
dependent for charity on hie landlady.
He is lodged in a bare attic bedroom,
half dead from congestion of the lungs.
Dr. Mayne has been called in attendance,
and pronounces McNea's case a very criti
cal one. McNea is a man of culture and
refinement, but possesses no relatives, and
his friends seem to have disappeared as
old age and sickness overtook him.
THE COUNTY ROAD.
Several Towns Are Interested in Having
It Widened.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— The widen
ing of the San Leandro road, which is
patronized by thousands of wheel mem
from all around the bay, is just now en-,
gaging the attention of cyclists. The Hay
wards electric road has a franchise for a
double track, and before many years it
will doubtless avail itself of its right for
the whole distance. At present it is being
doubje-tracsed only so far as San Leandro.
The business onthe road is now enor
mous and it vanes from tiO to 100 feet in
width. Should a second track be laid it
will seriously affect the space available for
cyclists. As some of tne races now held
at the San Leandro triangle attract from
4000 to 6000 people, the towns along the
road are anxious to see all possible induce
ments offered to improve the road.
Mr. Stone, secretary of the Haywards
electric road, said to-day that he "under
stood the grade of the road between San
Leandro and Haywards was to be widened
at once by the county government.
There is also a narrow place in the road j
Purse and Keys, Piece of Plaster Paris and Paraffine After an Exposure of Five
Minutes. This Equals in Distinctness the Photograph Taken Last Week of the
Same Objects and With an Exposure of One Ilour.
near Fitchburg," said Mr. Stone, "where a ,
creek encroaches upon the roadway. The [
railroad company has offered to haul the ■
material needed for widening the road i
there, and will do it without charge if the j
county will undertake to control the creek i
and prevent it from washing away the dirt
as fast as it is put in.
"As for widening the road, it is some
thing which ought to be done in places,
and we have pet a good example. Some
years ago the fences along tne Stone prop
erty were moved back twelve or fourteen j
feet and all the other property-owners be- j
tween Elmhurstand San Leandro did the j
same. This was on the south side. For I
some distance, in Elmhurst, we moved the
line back forty feet, in order to give a
street south of the railroad tracks. The I
San Leandro road has a great future, and j
.the guttering and paving with permanent I
materials ought to be attended to. But I i
question whether the road could be lined
with rows of trees without making too
much dampness."
RELEASED AND ARRESTED.
Mrs. WlUinoro Dismissed on One
Charge, but Is Still in Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— Judge Wood
decided this morning that the evidence
against Mrs. Willmore was not sufficient
to warrant holding her and dismissed the
charge. A new charge was, however,
served upon her and the evidence is con
sidered stronger than it was on the one
just dismissed. The new complaint states
that Mrs. Willmore received the proceeds
of the Girard robbery.
The virosccution oelieve they can show
that Mrs. 'Willmore stated sliortjy after
the Girard robbery that she heard the ex
p'.osion and feared it was a revolver fusil
ade between the hoys and the officers.
In the Superior Court Judge York of Los
Angeles, who is sitting for Judgo Greene,
conducted a private examination in the
case of Burt Willmore. There is little
doubt that the boy will be sent to a reform
school.
A GROWING SKRVICK.
More Postal Business Being Done Than
Ever Before.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— Postmaster
White has forwarded to Washington a re
port for the quarter ending December 31.
It is the most encouraging report ever is
sued from the local department, and if the
receipts are maintained the gross total for
the present riscal year will be over $100,
--000. As it is on the basis of receipts that
the number of carriers is decided, Post
master White is anxious for the increase
to continue. He will then be able to
secure better service in the delivery de
partment.
Some months ago the Merchants' Ex
change helped a movement to induce mer
chants and others having interests on both
sides of the bay to make their purchases
of stamps in Oakland so as to swell the re
ceipts. There seems to have been & favora
ble response, judging by the report. The
total expenses of running the iocal office
for three months is $13,030 25.
UNSTAMPED OPIUM.
Deputy Sheriff Quintan Makes Hia Third
Successful Haul.
OAKLAND, Caju, Feb, g27. — Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan made his third haul of
unstamped opium at Fruitvale station last
night. As on former occasions it was Chi
nese who were attempting to take it across
the^bay on the local train that he caught.
He secured fifty cans of "dope" and three
Mongolians, who are now in the County
Jail awaiting an examination before a
United States Commissioner. They gave
the names of Ah Goon. Sam Sam and Sem
Toy.
The Chinamen carried the opium in a
black hand-satchel and a couple of rice
mats. It was rirst wrapped in paper and
then stored away. The frequency of these
hauls leads the officers to believe that there
is a factory in the vicinity where the drug .
is cooked and they are making a diligent
search for it. So "far no trace of such a
place has been found.
Whitney Act Upheld.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 27.— Judge Ells
worth said this morning that as before
intimated he wa3 of the opinion that the
writ of habeas corpus in the case of At
torney T. F. Garrity and of Ah Quay, upon
which the constitutionality of the* Whit
ney act was raised, should "be denied and
the petitioners be remanded.
Ex-Mayor Chapman requested that the
formal decision be reserved until to-mor
row, and the court consented. Mr. Chap
man will prepare Dabeas-corpus proceed
ings to take the matter before the State
Supreme Court.
Joined the L.. A. W.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 27.— The bicycle
annex of the Reliance Athlecic Club voted
last night to join the League of American
Wheelmen. There was a largely attended
meeting, which was addressed by L. A. W.
representatives, among whom were Mr.
Bpalding, chairman of the merubirshiD
committee, Mr. Kerrigan, the chief con
suJ, P. H. Dunn, the legal adviser, Mr.
Michenerof the committee on good roads,
and Mr. Welch, a member of the racing
board. Messrs. Mann and V assault of the
local wheelmen also made a few remarks.
Electric Light Fight.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— Suit was
filed in the Superior Court to-day by J. T.
Fleming of 1433 High street, Alameda, to
restrain the Board of Trustees of Alameda
from entering into contracts for increasing
the power of the electric works owned and
operated by the city. The plaintiff is an
attorney doing business in San Francisco
and is represented in the suit by Bruner &
Bruner. The defendants are'T. \V. Ly
decker., V illiam Hammond, A. V, Clack,
F. J. Fletter, J. F. Forderer.
STILL GREATER SUCCESS
Cathode Ray Photographs Made
in Two and a Half
Minutes.
University Professors Experimenting
in Order to Simplify the
Processes.
BE RKELEY, Cal., Feb. 27.— The most
successful cathode-ray photography yet
done at the State University, considering
the time expended in the exposure of ob
jects to the ray, was completed to-day. A
bullet was placed on top of Instructor J.
N. Le Conte's hand between the meta
carpel bones of the first and second fin
gers, and after an exposure of only fifteen
minutes the negative was developed. It
showed the position of the bullet and the
perfect skeleton of the hand as clearly as
on a plate which was exposed for one hour
last week.
A purse containing two coins and a key
and a piece of plaster of paris and some
paralline were to-day expose 1 to the influ
ence of the ray for only two and a half
minutes.
One reasonably clear photograph was
taken of the purse with only fifty-seven
minutes' exposure. When the first experi
ments with photographing the same purse
were made last w eeK an hour was required
before an equally dear negative was pro
duced. Professor Cory stated to-day that
a general simulirication of the apparatus
has made it possible to get good results in
a brief space of time. To-day no condenser
was use tl and a greater amount of power
was put into operation. The experiment
ers have found that the more simple their
apparatus the more effective will be the
results.
One important point which has mani
fested itself to them is the fact that there
is as much danger of having poor results
from overexpovare of the plate as there is
in an underexposure. On this one point
they have found it necessary to exert their
keenest scientific skill. They have found
that much of their success depends upon
their judgment in this one particular.
The time required for the exposure to the
ray depends largely upon the object to be
photographed. Its size and density are
both to be considered.
The distance from tne powerful
Crookes tube to the object to be phuto
grapbea is, under ordinary circumstances,
set at about five inches.
Professor Cory stated to-day that Mr.
Drew, Mr. Le Conte, Mr. Lange, the pho
tographer, and himself are trying to get
their apparatus in the best possible work
ing order. They will probably not do any
more spectacular work until several days
hence.
'•We have several scientific plans on
hand," said Le, "and we are now going to
see if anything can be made out of them.
We have proven to our own satisfaction
that we can throw a light through certain
ordinary objects by the use of considerable
care and exertion, and what we now pro
pose to do if possible is the same if not
better work, with iess effort, by means of
improved apparatus."
Professor fcflate and Instructor Drew of
the department of physics are still experi
menting with cathode-ray photography,
using the sunlight as an agent instead of
electricity.
Glee Club Concert.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 27.— Great prep
arations are being made for the University
of California Glee Club concert which will
take place next Monday evening at the
Auditorium, ban Francisco. Tne singers
have received a large number of new songs
from the East, and tiie programme will be
entirely new. Tue management of the
glee club has made arrangements for sev
eral specialties and expect the concert to
be the most successful event of the kind in
tue history oi the club. Tne University
Mandolin Club will participate in the en
tertainment.
-. '*%■■ Want More Pay.
BERKELEY,' Cal., Feb. 27.— The Berke
ley branch of the Carpenters' ana Joiners'
Union has passed a resolution to the effect
that all members will demand $3 per day
for work after May 1. The various con
tractors of the town have been notified of
the advance in the : union scale of wages.
Most of the contractors are believed to be
ready to grant the demands of the work
men, and it is probable that no strike will
occur. ■ ■ ' ; ,v;
Progressive Club.' ' :',\\
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 27— W. R
Dickieson has resigned the office of secre
tary of the West Berkeley Progressive
Club and has been succeeded by F. Wilkes.
Mr. Dickieson has also resigned as a dep
uty of County Clerk Jordan for registra
tion, as the work of registering voters was
found to interfere with his duties as
librarian of the West Berkeley Branch
Library.
£;>;■!<>. Lighting tlie Grounds. .
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 27.— The formal
illumination of the university library and
grounds with, the new electric light plant
will take place this evening. It will
an auspicious occasion and preparations
have been made to have a number of the
regency present. If possible the Presidio
band will be present.
American Mechanics.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 27.— P. Salis
bury and George Manning have been'
chosen to represent |Paul Revere Council
No. 28, of Berkeley, of the Junior Order of
American Mechanics in the annual con
vention of the order, to be held in Oakland
on March 3. • '■
KEPT TRACK OF HIS SON
Evidence of Thurlow McMullin Sr.
Before Judge Sea
well.
He Used to Ride Past the House in
the Hope of Seeing the Boy at
a Window.
Thurlow McMuHin, who after twenty
three years of separation., was introduced
to his wife once more through. the medium
of a suit for maintenance was on the wit
ness-stand yesterday.
His testimony was pointed and went to
show that his desertion was ratlier the re
sult of a cause than. a careless act. He
said lie used to come home regularly until
the note from his wife, published yester
day, saying that he might stay where he
was as she intended to sue for a divorce,
was sent to him. He says that note
was suiiicient to keep him away, but he
went home again. He had bent word
home that he would not be home to din
ner, and he instanced this as proof of the
fnct that it was not his custom to remain
away. After going back again, he said his
wife used to sit up at night to deliver car
tain lectures to him, and he had on more
than one occasion to leave the house and
take a room in some hotel in order to get
some sleep.
Regarding his son he said he had al
ways kept track of him. He pad gone
down to where he worked, he had waited
at the depot when the 'ooy came in from
the country on Sunday evenings and he
had ridden up and down on tne California
street cars merely on the possiblity of see
ing the faces oi his son and his wife at the
window of the house where they lived.
He said further that his will was made in
favor of his wife and. son and that it had
been executed long before the .action for
maintenance was brought against him.
He told, too, how he had carried his son's
picture in his pocket fcr all tbose yeare,
and to prove his words he drew a "faded
photograph from his old pocket-book and
showed it to the Judge.
MeMnilia said that he had been and
still is willing to take his wife back at any
time and to provide for her and their aon
a suitable home.
The testimony in the case i 3 finished
and arguments will be heard on March 6.
One of John Randolph's Similes.
Much new material is embodied in the
article "John Randolph of Roanoke, " by
Powhatan Bouldin in the March Century.
The following simile by Randolph is
found in a note to a speech which he de
livered in Congress :
A caterpillar comes to a fence; he crawls
to the bottom of the ditch and over tne
fence, some of his hundred feet always in
contact with the subject upon which he
moves. A gailant, horseman at a flying
leap clears both ditch and fence. "Stop,"
says the caterpillar; "you want connec
tion and continuity*; it took me an hour to
get over; you can't be as sure as I am,
who have never quitted the subject, that
yon have overcome the difficulty and are
fairly over the fence." "Thou "miserable
reptile!" exclaims our fox-hunter, "if like
you I crawled over the earth slowly and
painfully, should I ever catch a fox, or be
anything more than a wretched cater
pillar."
An imperial bacteriological laboratory is
to be established at Agra, and an imperial
chemical laboratory at Calcutta, by the
Government of India. Other laboratories
on a smaller scale will be established in
each of the presidencies, and all health
officers are to have six months' teaching in
bacteriology.
NEW 'TO-PAY.
Strange Things Going On!
All the Folks Surprised !
Mem.— A man pounded his finger;
■ lost fifteen minutes' time, curing it.
Another got a whack square in the
eye. He was docked one hour"
pay — could then see out of it and
went to work again.
Still another had sat up nights
with Felons, tried cocaine and
opium, but the agony had got
there first and would not yield.
Finally his wife, who had cured her
tender feet, gave him a pointer and
Hubby's Agony Found a Master,
For he says he
"Was Asleep in Ten Minute."
No "Royal Purple"
After either accident. Mitchell's
Magic Lotion did the business for
them all.
Money in Your Pocket
; :.\v To have it around, for nobody
knows when or where the
Lightning Is Going to Strike.
Any Druggist can get it for you |
25c, 50c and $1.
Be sure and read the directions.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6125 HKACW ST. Established
H| in 1854 for the treatment of Private
g* Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
g» disease wearing on body and mind and
JLS Skin Diseases doc tor cures when
m others fail. Try him. Charges low
H Care. rn«ranlr«d. Callorwrit*.
or, 4, V. uuaaitSi, Bos l»»7.Saafraactaoal
1314
THE STOCK MARKET.
Whatever change there was yesterday was to
ward weaker prices, but fluctuations were too in
significant to. notice. The close was very weak.
On the stock and Bond Exchange the sugar
stocks were lower, Hawaiian Commercial selling
down to $13 25 and Hutchinsou to $17 50. ',
The silver King assessment of 25 cents per (
Bhare will be delinquent in the boards to-day.
In the Bodie Consolidated mine the usual pros
pecting work was done during the week. This
work is confined to the 200 and 300 foot levels. .
The upraise north drift from the east crosscut on
the 200-foot. level shows three feet. of low-grade !
quartz in the top.
n the Mono mine the east crosscut from the
south drift, 400 level, Is still in hard porphyry.
The yield .of the Bnlwer Consolidated mine for
the week was eight tons of ore, averaging $20 per ;
ton.
In the Belcher mine on the 300 level the joint j
Belcher and ' Seg. Belcher west crosscut from the
south lateral drift is now out 304 feet. The face is
In porphyry." This crosscut has been stopped for ;
the present. There have been hoisted during the
week and stored in th« mine 34 carloads of ore,
the average, assay value of which was $27 10 per
ton. - . ~ ■■■■■..-'.-■
The joint Challenge Consolidated and Consoli- |
dated Imperial west crosscut 1 from the surface :
tunnel has been stopped for the present and some j
necessary repairs are being made. The Imperial j
and Challenge will join with the Confidence in
running one west crosscut, which will lessen the I
expense of these mines. ■ :
The yield of the Seg. Belchfr mine for the past
week was 25 mining carloads of ore, averaging
$28 49 per ton. ;
BOAKI) SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Mocit Board yesterday: KHnS!
incut moknis'i niwinf aiMH«fnN'» 9: 30.
«00 B 4 2500ccidt1....92 100 Utah 10 !
00 CC*V....l.9ft 100 0vrm0....15|
.: . ■ aitfrxoov 8 ESS TO V — '*
250 B<t 8.... 74 200 HAN ....1.25 50 8 Nev 35
100 ....:. .76600 Occid 87 500 811 HU1....02
600 8u11i0n....12 500 88500 Union 47
•tOO Ch011ar...53 500 0phtr...1.25] 50 Utah 09
775 CC<tV...i:9o 200 Savage.. i.42 200 10 I
100 G &C 36 600 ........... 41200 V Jackt..3B
Following were the •ales, in the. Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday: '.'. . • BE3h
BKi;rt«R «T«af.v -" •>■ •■%.
100 ISIOOO Exchqr..O6 200 0ph1r...1.25
160 Andes..:..l3 G & C...., 38 400 0vrmn....15
i.'oo Belcher.. 200 H«fcNI.32JU»BOO P0i05i.....47 |
200 B&B 76 600 ...^.;..1.a0500 ;...46
100 8u11i0n. ...15 300 1.2.71^800 Savage 45
400 12VM1500 KentuckOolJOO SB* M...08
bOO Caleda..woi) Mei;can..s6'4oo < ?NeVj....37
400 Cha11 ne... 36 100 0ccid..... 93500 Hi 11 ....02 ■
>-00 Cnoiiar.....">6 100 ....... ...-92 600 Union C...50
31.0 55200 .91 300 Utah, .....10 !
450 CCA V.. 1.95 700 90-2UO V Jacket.. 3B |
50 Conn .98 300 400 .....37 |
300 Crown ft. 36 300 Ophirl.27y 700 ...„ .36 |
aktkrnoon- fitmsiov— ;» :3l: . . ;•
200 A1nha.....12 200 CCiV . .1 V 6 600 Ophlr... 1.25 !
600 Alt* IS 400 C P0int.. .36 200 1.221,
200 Andes ...13 800 Excuqr.,,os 300 Overmn...ls
1000 ;.:;.14 300 G & C 37 200 Potosi 46
200 8e1c1ier....23 200 35 300 44
600 B <fc B 74 200 H4N1.27i-o;200 Savage. ;..4s
1000 73400 1.2o!2O0 ..43
200 .......... 72 200 Mexican.. s6 40
•-'OO Bodie 34 600 56 500 Scorpion,.o2
500 Bullion.. 12 300 Mono 200 8 Nev....36 '
400 8u1wer...17 .100 Occldil... .90 300 Uni0n. ....48
300 Ch011ar....55 200 88 100 Utah .10 !
200 ... 53 400 871300 V Jacket. .36
300 ;.:52 300 86500 .. ,i...35
575 CC<StV,.L9O ■ I . . :
. . CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
V- THURSDAY, Feb. 27-4 p.m. •
: , ' S,ri.A tkrd. • Bld.Atk«d.
•*lpd» C0n..... 11 12 Jackson. 40 — i
Aim 13 14 Julia. — 06 i
Andes.. - 13 14 Justice 10 11
Belcher .... 22 2 pntucK. .: 05 06
Hest <fc Beletrer. 72 73 Lady Wash....- — OB;
benionCon.... . — 30 May flower 1.50 1.60
80die....,...^ SO 32 Mexican. 53 55
Bullion.. ._.... 11 13 Mono .... 12 —
8u1w0r......._ 18 18-Mt. Diablo IS —
Caledonia...., . 05 06'NevadaUueeo. — 05
Challenge 33 34 Occidental 85 87 I
L'hollar..' 51 52Ophir... 1.20 1.25 I
ton, Va. 1.85 1.90 Overman ..._. 13 15
fun. Imperial. 01 02 Potosi ,1. 43 44 '
Confidence. .._ 95 87 savage 39 40!
(.on. New York. — 06 beg. Belcher... 06 07 1
Crown Point... 35 36 Sierra Nevada, 35 36 i
Kastbierr»>e» — 04 Scorpion 02 03 !
Exchequer...,. — 06 Silver Hi 11..... 01. 02
Eureka Coa..,. — 25 Syndicate...... 02 — ;
Gould A Curry. 66 3tf tfmon Con 46 48
Haie Norcrj.l.2s 1.30 L tab „;...'.... 09 10 |
Hexter......... 49 60 \ eilow Jac»ai. 34 35 1
io»a — 04
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• ■ i THURSDAY. Feb. 27-2 p. ic.
rMTK'i STAT.3 BOXDS. . • •
■.-• - Sicr. Asktd.^ •■• •-;■;• jut. Atted.
V E4s c00p. .10034 — . V S4s reg:..109!«4 —
Do. new is... 117 11734 . . " . : *
KtSfKLH.\ K)"S B)V!1V
Cal-!«tCbleßs. UOI4 - Do. 2d Iss 6*. - - —
CalElecL6s.lO6 - • P&O 6s: 105 120
l'ntraCW6a, — .100 P&ChRvSs. — 105
Dpnt-stex-cp : .77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. " —■- 116 Vi
tdsnL<6P 6».100Va 4-i Kenp. WL&L' — 105.
FitCURR6s.. — 107i-ißiverWCo6s — 100
<jearv-stßss.-. — 105 Tt-actoP<t L..100 1021 4
LosAneL6s. — 101 . ,'SF.SNPRRSs 9954102Vj ;
Do.Gnted.6s.lolV<ilo3: bi'RßArlz6s — ' B5 '
-Ukt-stCble6sl23 — bPKRCaI6s_IO9 —
DoßyConss..losl4lo9; .SPRRCaIas- — 97V-S
NevCNgRTs. 98 105 -■ |SPBrßCat6s. — 98 "
N PCRR6s.IOIVi - : ■ l SVWater6i..l22Vß —
NRy Cal 69. — 106 . T Water4s._ »96 /8 99V 8 !
NRyCaios. — 103 ; lßtktnCi<SE«« 103 103 Va '
Oak Gas 55.. 103: 2 — . jSuns:T& 100 — !
Do. 2d issss.lO2V 2 — Sutter-stR6i.HO —
Omnibus 9Vi — 1 VisaliaWCiSs — 92
I'iicßoUMbs.. — — j .
• WATER STOCKS. >*-.'
Contra Costa 40 — • Pan Jose.... * — ' j»5
MarinCa... 49 - [Spring Valle y: PBy a 99
~ v - OAK StiICKS. '• '•". •■
Capital — 39 Pacific Light. 46 —
Central...... 95 — ..San F rancsco 74 —
Oak GLAH. 51 51iVSlocktoa. .... — 21Vi I
Pec Gas Imp. 7Si/i 79 j . ; .; ; . ™
■ '.-y ■ -.-ixsurasck stocks. • ■' • '
FiremansFd.i6o 170 (Sun :..'.. 40 —
, COMMERCIAL BANK STOCK'- ■
Amerß&TC. — — [LondonP&A.l3o —
Anglo-Cal... 6514 — London&SF. — SO
tank of Cal.. — .Mtrch Ex.... :ja —
CaISD&TCo.. 57 — Nevada . — —
KirstNationl.l7i> 180 feather b'6o- — — : .
Grangers — — 1 .■■
* BAVIKOS BANK STOCKS .
GerSALCo.. - I*6o 6av& Loan.. - 102V5,
HumbS<tL.loo3 — security. .243 255
Mutual...... — 41 Union Trust.Bo6 —
bJ: s«ivUn:on4Bo — j .
STRKKT RAILROAD «TICKV
California.... 106 V«! — Oak.SLiHay . — 103
Geary-5t..... 60 72V Presidio. ..„.' 4V» —
Market-st.._ — 461' i isutter-st.... v : — —
POWUtt SI ■ • -•".
Atlantic D...- 15 16 JJudson... v — —
California : — 8-! ivieont. — 1
Giant. 16 19 i •• : -.'.'
Mt-f'FLI.A.VrOfi sinrKi ;
Alaska Pkrs. 93^i — jOceanlcSSCo ' — .20
Kll:I)CoalCo. : — ' 10 PacAuxFA..- 1 . —
CalCotMUls.. — - lac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDoct .— — PacI&NCo. — •30 '
Edison Light. 97 99 Pec 801 l Mill 29 '/ 2 42 1 *
GasConAssa — _ ParfPaintCo. 6:s. 7V»
<•• r Lead 10. 85 921/2 I'acTransCo. — ' 24
HawC&SCo. ISS/ a 14 i'acTATCo 65 • —
• HmchSPCo..- 173/t 18 . |fcuns«jtT&T.. 41 —
JudsDnMfgU — — United — 25
MtrExAssnlOO 110 I l\y,
■oKNixn mwwfo-t
Board — 10 Hawaiian C&mmercial. 141/4: 150 do,
131,2: 10 do, 133/ 8 ; 250 Hutchlnson.S P Co, 17i/,
--50 do, b3, 171.2: 120 SF Gaslight, 73 Vi: XOdo!
78«: 108 V Water. 98%; 10 do, »87/ 8 ; $10,000
B V tt% Bonds. 1223t,.
btreet-«10,«00 sV 4% Bonds, b 20, 9934. •
lAFTERNOON- SE3SIOS. "•..'-
Board-60 Hawaiian Commercial, 13iA: 60 do
13»' 8 : 150 Hntehinson S P Co, 17%; 10 S F Gas
light, "4; 25 do. 74 V4. ••" ■
. street— lo S.;F Gaslight; 73»4. • -. ..
* . -J — : • — *• — . "_. . '
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas Vodden and Kit-hard to Joseph
Hyman, lot on N line of California. street, 125 W of
<iongh, W 76 ny X l'_'7:BH: *30.
. A. K. Biickman to same, same; $25.
Fanny Dennery to Leo i Dennerv, lot on S line of
Clay street, 118:9 h of Pierce, ESO by S lv:7:4;
• iiistav L. Bressf to Ellen M.'Grote, lot on E line
of Devisadero street. 74:9 X of Waller, X 25 by X
. Charles H. Hoadley to Annie Hoadley, lot on SK
.corner of Bush and Lyon streets, E 50 by S 96-6 1
gift. '■•■-.' .-...'
W. A. H. and Nellie M, Cnenowlth to Burr .No
ble, lot on W line or Baker street, 37:6 X of Ful
ton, N 25 by \\ v 96:10; $10. .
Charles H.JJoadley to Annie Hoariley, lot' on X
line of Bush street- 100 W -of Lyon, W 116 by S
175; gift. ? * ' • - • ■
same to same, lot on W line of Lyon street 75 X
of Bush. N 2SVy W 100: sift.
l'acific Improvement. Company to Carl D. Sal-
Jield, lot on N line of >Valler street, 137:6 E of
Stanyan, E 27:6 by N 85; 810. •
Same to same, lot on N line of Waller street, 220
E of Stan van, X 55 by N 85; $10.
. \V. VV\ and < arrie X Bednall to George F. I.yon
l?- l ol!^ U J}K?i { aliforn street, 87:8 Wof Laurel
\V Zo by N 10, :7i/8: $10.
" . C E. and Kltzab<-tli Broad to Margaret M. Schenk.
lot on > line. of McAllister street, 231-6 Wof
l'»ricer avenue, W 25 by .V92:6,.NE«,593:8;
$JO« ?-* »- • ...
■ Crocker Estate Company to William Hinkel, lot
by W 106- .3; Psoor r Btr " PU ™A% BpUlah " »6 °
William Hii/kel to Leslie P. Fork, lot on W line,
of Sender street, 50 X-of Bc-ulah. X 25 by W
106:3: $10. . * • ■ . ■
F. and Laure Vandrrveken .to A. Bapr, lot on E
line of Bhotiv§ll street, 85 X of Fifteenth. X.25 by
ii 122:6: $10. • ..*.•■ *
Elizabeth A. Davis to Kliza Illllmann, lot on W
•line of lix>ward street, 155 Hof Nineteenth is 61:0
by W 122:6; $10. ' °
A. La bad I c t» Klla H. Tyler, undivided half" in
terest in Jot on XE corner of Twentieth and Eu
reka streets, X 110 by 125; $10. .
K. F. and Clara O. Hailey same, undivided half
interest In same: $10. . ',■'•■.
K. Schneider to same, undivided half Interest In
came: $10. '. ■ - ■
Maximilian.. Luccheai to Antoinette (Julllot, lot
on W line of Pupont street, K0 X of I'lne, X 19-2
by \V 66:7; also all interest in lot on W line of Du
pont street. 99:36/8 Xof Pine, X «3/ s inches by W
67:6 feet; $10.
John J., Mary T. ana A. A. Brennan to Bridget
A. lTrennan, tot on b line of Greenwich street,
1 206:3 W of Leavenworth, S 137:6 by W 34:41^ ;
gift, •
Agnes Clark to William A. Schirttz, lot on SW
line of Stenart street, 109:10 SB of Market, SE
27:8 by SW 46:10: $10.
Richard and Martha J. Voting to Virginia J. Hud
son, lot on SW line of Fifth street, 87:6>'Woi,
Bryant, NW 25 by SW 82:6: $10.
Henrietta I. St-lbv to Giovanni Fifrone, lot on
NWllne of l-'argo place, 76:6 SW of Board man
plate. SW 23 by NW SO: $10.
•William and Anna I). i hied maiiU to Mathilde j
E. D. and Fri-da H. Joost, lot on E line of York •
I street, 175 1> of Bntte, X 100 by N 105: f 10.
i James J. Hull 10 George F. Lyon, lot on IC line of I
i Connecticut street, 260 8 of Volo, S 75 by E 100; i
I flO.
I T. W. and C. C. Rivers and s*. Davis to James J. j
lluil, lot on W line of De Haro street, 175 S of |
Twenty-third (.Nevada), 8 25 by W 100; $10. .
James J. Hull to George F. Lyon. same; $10.
■ Sol and Dora Get?, to A. K. and Addle L. Turner, ]
lot on X line of Thirteenth avenue, 175 N of j
Clement itreet, N 25 by B 120; $10.
Fanny Dennery to Leon Deanery, lot on \V line
! of tfloventh avenue, 238 N of Clement street, N
! 82:8 by W 120; SlO.
Guisi-ppe Molinart to Giovanni Molinari, lot on
W line of Kichtn avenue, 300 S of Point Lobos, a !
25 by W 120; SlO.
Henry A. Tobin to Maurice Goulden, lot on w I
line of Thirty-first avenue, 59:11 S of A street, S !
60, W 156. NW 51, E lt;5:6: $10.
W. F. O'Banion to Millie Scott, lot 479, Gift Map !
3, subject to a mortgage; $700.
Edwin S. Merrlman to John H. and Lizzie L.
! Heath, lot on NW corner of Stanley and Head
I streets, W 60 by N 100, block 41, City Land Asso- ,
j ciation: $10.
Ueonce W. Moore to B. W. Foster, lot on RE cor- !
nerot Barn- and Berlin streets, S 80:3, E 171:81/4, !
NE 80:4, N 31 :10, W 240, Paul Tract; $10.
Catherine M. Bail and Mary K. Hughes to 1
Kinilie Wickert, lot on NW corner of Cambridge !
and Woolsey streets, N 100 by W 120, block 95, ■
University Mound Tract $325.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Louisa !
MeussdoriTer, N half of lot in plat 31, avenue sec- |
tion; $110.
Same to Barbara Naber, lot 8, plat 1, Golden Gate
section; $325. ■ I'jilf '■^'.v v . l r.~
same to Henry Brune, lot 1, plat 2, same;
$690.
AI.AMKI>A COUNTY.
Daniel E. Martin to Jame« de Fremery, lot on W
line of Washington street. 25 S of Thirteenth, S 25
by W 100, block 176, Oakland; $10.
Victorine M. de Labrousse- to Louisiana J. Ru
dolph, lot on E line of l'eralta street, 205-.10 1 4 SW
of Eichtli, S 32:4V2< E 110:5, N 3, W 101:4
to beginning of block 528. Gibbons' property. Map
1, Oakland; $10.
. John S. Gilmore to Mary M. Gilmore. lot on N
line of Nineteenth or William street, 47:6V2 E of
San Pablo avenue, E 30 by N 88. Oakland: $10.
■ Mary M. Gtlmore to John s. Gilmore, lot on N
! line of Nine-i'enth street. 377:614 X of San Pablo
! avenue, E 30 by N 88. Oakland-;'^10.
.1. A and Anzusta Gu.staveson to Autrust Bjork,
1 undivided half interest in lot on S line of Dennlson
I stre. t, 310 E of Yallez, E 3103 by s 100, ;
block I). Shell Mound Tract, subject to a mortgage '
I to Oakland Bank of Savings for $800, East Oak- |
; land; $10.
A. K. and Anna Thyberg to A. L. Willey, lot on
': NW corner of Villa avenue or street and Ninth
I street, W 100 by N 40. being lot 14, block 5. Re
vised map of San Pablo avenue Villa Tract, Oak
j land Township; 10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Alice
Demerest, lot 236 in plat 12. Mountain View Ceme- j
tery, Oakland Township; $12.
Same to Maspie Trumbull, lot 271. in plat 12, •
! same, Oakland Township; $31.
i George (as his attorney) and Nellie M.Schmidt !
(by attorney) to Anson S. Blake, lot 25, block 63, j
tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement '
j Association: also lot 9, block 107, tract B, same, I
berkeley; $!0.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to same, lot 25, block :
I 3, Dowling Tract, Berkeley; $250.
. Jones. Allen &Co. to Margaret E. Kimber (wife
of H. J.). lot on SE line of Jones street, 125 N E of
Allendale avenue. NE 25 by SE 100, being lot 34,
block 1, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
E. A. Trefethen and A. E. Draper to Henry !
Pramme, lot, 69. map of resubdivision of lots 54 to
57, 65 to 68. Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Henry and Amalie Pramme to W F. Kroll, same,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Worse Than the Disease.
Many ot the remedies prescribed by the
physicians in the old days were more to
be dreaded than the sufferings consequent i
on the disease. Rheumatic people were
buried up toxhe neck in mud baths.
Consumptive patients had cows intro
duced into their rooms, the breath of
these animals being regarded as a specific.
Gold and pearls were taken internally i
by the patients who could afford the rem- i
edy. Baxter relates how be nearly lost j
his life from swallowing a golden bullet.
John Wesley, in his "Primitive Physic,"
prescribes "six middling pills of cobwebs"
for ague. "The balsam of bats" was a fa
vorite remedy of court physicians.
A medical adviser of Queen Elizabeth
used to prescribe a smail young mou«e,
roa-ted, for a child afflicted with a nervous
disorder.
Soap was more valued internally used \
than otherwise. It was prescribed by a i
great medical light who, it is said, died
after he had taken 200 pounds weight of
«o;ip.
Much virtue was ascribed ghastly things.
A ring made of ttie hinge of a coffin was
said to relieve cramps.
Ague was said to be infallibly cured if
the -ufferer wore in a bag around the neck
chips from a gallows on which several per
sons had been hanged. — Chicago Record.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
-710 Market sireet, open until 12 o'c;ock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-830 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
PW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, onen
until 9 o'clock. *^
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE or JSIKKTiNOf*.
K^S 3 YERRA BUENA LODGE OK m
■^ Perfection, No. — Regular meeting gk
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, Feb. 28 at IsV
8 o'clock. GEO. J. HOBE. Sec /V^
Et^S 3 THE REBKKAH LODGES Z^^HZ I
•i-^ of . San Francisco will give a -=JigP§is<^
literary entertainment, and a leap-year :
dance at Odd Fellows' Hall. SATUR- ' W*^*'
DAY EVENING, February 29, 1896. San Fran-
cisco Canton No. 5, Patriarch Militant, will be
present in full dress uniform.
JRSS 3 A. O. H.OF THE MEMBERS©
i>-»' of the Ancient Order of Hibernians It; «?
o£ the city and county of San Francisco are & if
hereby notified to i'S<emble at ht;adquar-Cr*l\j6o
tors. Hibernian Hal!. 120 Ninth street 2~«6l:
SUNDAY MORNING, March 1, at 7. o'clock,
thence to new Cathedral for th« purpose of com-
plying with article 14, section, 1 of the constitu-
tion. His Grace the Archbishop has kindly eon- I
sented to celebrate mass and preach on tin"- occa-
sion. The usual uniform badges and white gloves
will be worn. The penalty for non-attendance is
suspension. REV. D. O. CROWLEY, Chaplain.
M. J. MANNING, C'"'- President.
M. H. McCAFFEP.TY, Secretary. \
JTTS= THE 118 TH ANNIVERSARY OF g~
■^-^ the birth of Robert Emmet will be if *,
celebrated on March 4 by a .grand niusicnltVS*
and literary entertainment under the aus-'W^
pices of the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. HO.V. M. M. ESTEE, chairman.
Oration by HON. JOHN F. FINifiRTY of Chi-
cago. Reserved seats can be secured at Deasy
Bros.' new store. 20 Sixth St., near Market. ."
TO THE IRISH PEOPLE of san g~
I*--*' Francisco— The Hon. JOHN F. lIN- jf .
ERTY of Chicago, one of the most eloquenttvi*
and patriotic speakers in the United States,
and a life-long advocate of Irish nationality, will
deliver the oration oh the 4th of March in Metro-
politan Temple on the anniversary celebration of
the birth Of ROBERT MET.
Your earnest co-operation is requested in order
to make the celebration worthy of him who sleeps
in a nameless grave, where nature alone spreads
above him her verdant covering.
The distinguished abilities -of JOHN F. FIN-
ERTY should be an assurance of a magnificent
demonstration of Irish patriotism on that occasion
Fraternally,
; KNIGHTS OF THE RED BRANCH.
DPS 3 ANNUAL M I N -THE REGULAR
c*-^ annual meeting ot stocKholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market street, San Francisco
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of .such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
29! 7L n d S J er . b k! ! V , close on ' rday ' February
J», ih'.tb, at 12 o clock si.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPKOI4I,; NOTICE. 1
WT&' DR- ROSE CUE VKLAND BETtTBIf EDI
«»~ jy Chicago baths; attdts. R4, 116 a Grant aye.
X3 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
o*- J ' collections made, city 'or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,' room 6. Tel. 6580.
I^S=« WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
»-* scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
carnages Guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
?KB=* NOTICE-OWING TO THE PREVAIL
*a~~*r ence of scarlet fever in ninny parts of the
city the friends of the children in the San Fran-
cisco Protestant Orphan Asylum will not be allowed
to visit them as customary on friends' day, Friday
Feb. 28, for fear of bringing the contagion."- Good
health prevails at the institution now and the desire
Is to maintain It. By order of the President.
Jr^Sr*^ BIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW
»»*'.■. every night cor. Market ana Sixth sts.: artis-
tic advertisements in living light: promoters of
business.- Consult OWL ADV. CO., ll4oMarKet.
K^S=" PROF. KNOTT. MAGNETIC HEALER
a^ y and life-reader. 1077 Market st.
ftp3~' MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
a*-& Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
SITUATI().S,S WAN J KD-i'EMALE.
rjOMPETENT FRENCH NURSE AND AM-
\J stress desires situation or as second girl: refer-
ences: city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323
Butter St.; telephone main 5620. "-. ; -
pOMPETENT MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
vy desires situation: cooking and housework or
waiting; best references: country; not afraid of
work. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
1 ---„' ' r: "■'-■-..•-■/•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
WANTED- Continued.
900 COMPETENT WOMEN AND GIRLS OF
— \J\J every nationality want work; city or coun-
try. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay St., tele-
phone main 5848; send us your orders and we will
i send you good help.
A N E l l ' (AT E l> LAD OF REFINEMENT,
->-*■ speaking French fluently, a brilliant musician
and good amanuensis, desires position as compan-
; loon, either traveling or otherwise: cood nurse.
j Address MRS. L. A. VV., El Monte Hotel. Sau-ii ito.
HELXABL.K woman wishes situation;
■ good cook and do light housework: will work
for moderate wages: city or short distance in the.
I country. 271J fourth St., over the flowrr-store.
! G~ ■ ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
I VT flay washing, ironing or house or office clean-
i InK, or ehamberwork in lodging-house. Call or ad-
dress 612 Minna st.
j A" OUNG WOMAN WITH CHILD 5 YEARS
! 1 old desires good home; low wages or services
free if lulu work; good cook and housekeeper.
Address H. X., box 98, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE ELDERLY LADY WISHKS
' situation to do housework or waiting on the
'• sick.or keep house for widower with children. Call
1726 Eddy St., near Scott.
■ pOMPJBTKKT, HARDWORKING WOMAN
I yj wains work by t he day washing, ironing, house-
i cleaning. MRS. ALLEN, 427 Stevenson st., near
Fifth; rear.
KBSPKC 1 A RLE YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN
-(no incurabrance) wishes employment at
j light housework in small family; no" washing;
! wages $10. Address X., box 46, Call Oflice.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WASH IN (i
and ironing by the day or would do chamber-
i work In a lodging-house. Call for 3 days 820 Fol-
I som st.
j TIM DOW RECENTLY FROM THE STATE OF
| '» Maine desires a position as working house-
| keeper, or will do sewing by the day. Call or ad-
j dress 27 Taylor st.
rPHOROUGHLY COMPETENT dress-
-I maker would like engagements by the day;
terms moderate. 1618 Larkin st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
0 woman, with many years' reference, to do gen-
eral housework. 1305Va Broadway, bet. Hyde and
Larkln. «
XPERIENCED GIRL WANTS POSITION TO
do second work and waiting; good city refer-
ence. Call 40a Erie st., near Fourteenth, bet. Mis-
sion and Howard. • .
LADY WANTS WORK BY THE day wash-
-1 ing, ironing, window-cleanlne or sweeping.
Call 118 Wildey St., lower flat.
ENGLISH LADY, FIRST-CLASS PIANIST
and accompanist, desires to travel with a good
concert party. Address MME. LOUISE, Post-
office, Sausalito.
I ~yoi:\c;i.ADY WISHhS SITUATION TO do
\ -1. chatnberwork: no waiting. Call or address I).
8., 113 Fourth st., bet.. lo and 11 a. m.
EXPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
it to do light housework, plain cooking or second
work. Call 562 .Stevenson st.
Vy OMaN WITH CHILD 5 YEARS OLD
" wants good steady home; will take full charge
of a home. Call or address Monty Hotel, 227 2d st.
f iOMl'l. 1 Woman WISHES SITUATION
\J to do housework and cooking. 1024 Harrison
j St.. room 12.
■\ OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
-I- second work or light housework. Address M.
•S., box 11 7, Call Office. ■
I yoV.Ni, GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
! -I do light housework and plain cooking. Call at
261/2 Haves st.|
BY RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL FOR
_ genera', housework. Call 432 Clementina.
T7 I ASTERN WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSITION
! -Lj aw housekeeper. Call 28 1/ 2 Sixth St., room 12.
A:" OUNG GIRL WANTS A PLACE AT LIGHT
X housework. 1317 Mission st.
■youNG SPANISH LADY WANTS POSITION
-1- as housekeeper. Apply 120y 3 Geary, rm. 15.
PPSI 1 I ( IS AS MAKER OR SALESLADY IN
I X millinery-store; reference given. Address F.,
box IH, Call Office.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR HOTEL
j -L or summer resort; or housekeeper for gentle-
man's family: No. 1 references given and re-
quired. Call or address 1429 Mission st., from 4to
5 p. m., room 9.
< OoDCOOK WANTS SITUATION; WILL DO
*JT washing and ironing in small family; no ob-
jection to the country; small wages. Call or ad-
j dress 867 Mission st.
VCUXG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X at dressmaking; can cut and fit. Call or ad-
dress 1119 Treat aye., bet. Twenty-fourth and
i Twenty-nth sts.
ELI ABLE YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
J-V would like situation as invalid's nurse; Is will-
ing to do light housework if needed. Address S. 8.,
box 105, Call Office. • .
ERMAN GIRL TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
\J or general housework. Call 512 Bush st.
A? IDDLE AGED LADY WISHES TO ASSIST
•"■*■ In a small family; wages, $12. Call 405 Turk.
GIRL WISHES a SITUATION TO DO LIGHT
housework. Please inquire 22 Harriett st.
MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN LADY WISHES
situation as housekeeper for widower; good
cook, no objections to children. 829 Stevenson
St., off Tenth.
BY FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER: PERFECT
lit: go out by the day: very reasonab.e. Ad-
dress D. M.. box 103, Call Oflice.
/ i ODD COOK WISHES SITUATION IN SMALL
VI country hotel: or restaurant, city or country.
Call or address 20 Hampton place, off Folaom St.,
near Third.
MY MIDDLE-AGED ENGLISH WOj'AN SIT-
i-» tuition in country hotel or 011 a ranch; good
cook: 1 year in last place. Call or address 62 Xa-
toma.
1 EDUCATED GERMAN LADY, WHO SPEAKS
-i and raids English and French, wishes situa-
tion as lady's companion, or by an invalid: is also
able to assist in household or with children. Please
address Mrs. J. L., box 58, Call office.
QITOATION WANTED BY GERMAN
O woman in the country: gooa housekeeper and
good at mending. It. G., box 30. Call Office.
SCANDINAVIAN woman WISHES situ-
O tion as cook in private family. Apply 71914
Howard st.
/ i ENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DOVE
VJT at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
T>EFINED FRENCH LADY WISHES POsT
-It tion as cook in private family; can cook either
French, Spanish. Italian or American style. Re-
fer to 50!) Union st".
QWEDISH GIKL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
j O general housework in a family of 2 or 3 grown
I persons. Call or address 1631 Fulton st.,city.
A^OUNO WIDOW WITH A CHILD WISHES
-L work as housekeeper in San Jose. Apply MRS.
i HA.GAN, Halfmoon Bay, San Mateo County, Cal.
GERMAN GIRL; PLAIN COOK AND GEN-
VI er.-tl housework. 1313 .Stockton st.
VY r OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
L by the day, washing or housecleaning; $1 50 a
j day. Address 67 Clementina si., rear.
GIRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY TO
vJ do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
| to 9351/2 Howard st., room 5.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms ; 25c to M6O per night-
f 1 to to $6 per week ; convenient and resjiectable;
Iree bus to and from the jerry.
""IT I SITING GOVERNESS, AN EX IM •: R I-
V euced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de- :
sires pupils in history, literature aud piano. V. G.. '
box 104, Call.
SITUATIONS XVASTEU-alAlihi.
PC. cook's soc. su ppLU^iTcoo ksTall
. branches : short notice. 4 Geary.' tel. Grant 46.
UNTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kniriiv. bot. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: lei. Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ office; best help. 414^ O'Farrell ; tel. I- . 420.
MAN AND WIFE, AS BUTLER AND COOK,
housekeeper or maid-seamstress; both first
class; highest testimonials; country preferred. 8.,
box 24, Call Office.
VIZ" ANTED— SITUATION AS LIGHT TEAM- I
'» Bter or delivery wagon: thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses: can stable 1 or 2 horses
on premises if required; good references can be
given. Apply Teamster, box 8, Call.
SITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, salesman or driver of delivery
wagon; 5 years' general experience in this city;
reference furnished if required. Address E.G..
box 26, Call Office.
Ph YS I C IA N. REGULAR, WITH STATE
lie ense, wants employment or will travel or do
business with any responsible parties. Address
Physic, box 98. Call.
ENGINEER,- 21 i'EARSV EXPERIENCE,
J-i strictly sober and competent, will give $10 to
any one that will secure him a situation; references
from large city firm. Addr< as E.. box 72, this office.
YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES A SITUATION
A to make himself generally useful on private
place; understands care of horses and garden-
good references. Address 11. H.. box 41. this office.
STRONG BOY OF 14 WANTS WORK OF
O any kind: understands cows and ranch work
Address Y. V., box 7, Call.
p KRMAN YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERI-
VI ence wishes position In custom tailor store
Address E. M., box 78, Call Office.
pOOD RELIABLE MAN ; WISHES SITTJA-
VI tion; salesman, clerk or bookkeeper. Address
C. M. KELLER, 925 Howard St., Cily.
SITUATION AS DISHWASHER BY. A
k? young man in hotel or restaurant. Address W.
box 41, Call Office. "7 ," '
RELIABLE, STEADY YOUNG man wants
situation around private place; will do general
housework and attend to horse and garden. call
or address EMILE F. MILLER, New Atlantic
Hotel. ' . -..
A7OUNO MARRIED MAN,. 25 YEARS OLD,
X must have employment at once; can give good
references and is A No. 1 salesman. Address E
E., box 16, Call Office. . . 
BY YOUNG .M AN— COM GARDENER
wishes situation; references if required. •' Id-
dress W. C, box 79. this office. -
S" ITUATIUN: WANTED; BY YOUNG EAST-
kJ em man as grocer's clerk; • aged 18 . and had
plenty of experience. . Address P. P., box 88, Call.
Gt ENERAL MERCHANDISE AND GROCERY
VJ cleric wishes position; good references- wages
no object. Address C. H., 2222 Jackson st.
MTTTATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
MAN FROM THE EAST WOULD LIKE TO
-»" get phice ia creamery: experienced: can make
butter on machine. Call or address 518 Ninth st.
Vy ANTED— POSITION AS CLERK IN RE-
-" tail store by young man of good habits; good
situation more an object than wages. Address G.
s., box 115, Call Office.
L^RENCH COOK AND- WIFE -WOULD LIKE
i^care of dining-room in hotel or- boarding-house.
Address F. C, t>ox 107, Call.
U<)V 18 YEARS OLD, LIVING WITH PA
•' ents, wishes to learn a traae. Address C. X.,
box 24. Call Office. .. '
I V I L " ENGINEER .-WITH- 20 YEA 7 EX-
V peri ence is in destitute circumstances and
wants any kind of work he can secure* is married
and sober. Address R. E. A., box 72, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
kj as bartender: a first-class mixer: had six years'
?TV- r't-" cc in first-class hotels. Address J. SUL-
LI VAN. 888b .\tioina at.
V OU;s " G SWEDE WISHES SITUATION- AS
J- coachman, take care horses; 15 years' experi-
ence: best -of reference. Address Swede,, box 92,
( »11 Olhce.
TE A D V GKRMAN' WISHES A SITUATION
i-J as coachman and gardener; good milker; gen-
erally useful about place: city or country; good
city references. Address V., box 10. this office.
OlTl ATION WANTED BY A GOOD CAKE-
to' baker: can also bake bread; married; German.
Address 413y 2 Nineteenth.
OIT A II 1 1 ANTED BY GERMAN AND
KJ wife, without children, to take care of a ranch
11 °. work on a Private place; man understai ds
■■in kinds of ranch or private work; wife good
cook. Address J. RATHGEBrJR, Napa, Cal.
Pr^^K^Eß, COACHMAN, GOOD MILKER,
vji desires work In private household: refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 88, Call Office.
W A NTED— POSITION AS MANAGER OF
. ], ,r ut' t or stock ranch; understands shipping
and drying thoroughly: irrigation a specialty ; can
uaucie stock on ranch and range; best of refer-
f- n ?i e^' en ana required. Addresi F. G., box 24,
* all Ornce.
1 FEMAM HELP WANTED.
IT ous E^ OKK GIRI-. SAN LUIS OBISPO,
lt^ *..- : Frui 'vale, $25: Llvermore, $20; OaK-
and,,>2o; Sonoma. $20: Petaluma, $-0. and other
towns, $2.,; housework girls, city and country,
*. : ai I ,f": 8 young- girls assist, $10 to $15.
Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
pOOK— SAUSALITO, $30; SK' OND GIRL,
ter Same house '* 25 - MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
EFINED NURSE, $20: GERMAN COOK
a i- and second girl, same house, $25 and $20;
a ,'!' J re .sB. M) - middle-aged nurse, $20. MISS
Cli LLEN, 323 Butter st.
( T E R M A BECO N I ) GIKL, $25; GERMAN
terst 00 $35. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ERMAN COOK, $30 to $35: FRENCH SEC-
VJ ond girl. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Su tor st.
X .l E V. * 25; SEAMSTRESS, $16. MISS
-i^l CULLKN. 323 Sutter st.
M 1 r 1 I 1 -v- X AX " DAUGHTER, $30. MISS CUL-
■m. LEN, 323 Sutter st.
C) I }:}.™ }'■}■ l! - l! * 10 ' INSTITUTION, $26. MISS
\J. Ct LLEN, 323 Batter st.
pOOK AND DOWNSAIRS GIRL, $30; 4 GER-
v-'man housework girls, $25; 6 German house-
girls, $15 to $20; housegirl, plain wash, $20, coun-
try, see par.y here: German girl to term small
bakery and ass st housework, $18; girl to assist
housework and care sick lady, $15. C. R. HAS-
SEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
lain laundress, HOTEL. CITY; $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
STRONG YOUNG CHAMBERMAID AND
O waitress, for a springs; $bO. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary.
HOI SI lit 1, WHO HAS LIVED WITH A
XX. Jewish family; $25: country; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary.
WANTED— GERMAN COOK AND SECuND
' ' girl. $2f and $20: 2 nurses, $20 and $25; Ger-
an or French second girl and nursery governess,
$25; laundress, private family: 3 cooks. German
style, $25, $30 and $35; chambermaid, wait 1
meal. $20: restaurant cook, $7 to $10 a week, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
W ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN HOUSEKEEP-
»' <-r. $20; 2 German girls for housework, $20;
American cook, $30: German cook and laundress,
£25; girls for housework and assist. 315 Stockton,
LEON ANDRE. '
AUN DRESS, HOTEL. CITY, $25. R. T.
WARD & CO., 610 Clay St.
0 lI OUSEG IRLS." 825 f~ 9 GOOD AMERICAN,
«J German and Swedish houseglrls, nice families,
city. $20; 10 bousegirls, $16. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency-. 749 Market st.
f^ IKL FOR HOUSEWORK, SAN LUIS OBI> PO,
VT $25; German second girl, $20; 2 nursegirls,
$12 and $15; 8 girls for housework. MRS. JiIKD,
721 Ellis ■ '
OUSEGIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, $25; COOK, $40:
second girl, $20; Swedish girl, not necessary
to speak English; 4 houstgirls, $20; cook, $25.
315 sutter st. :»,
GERMAN, SWEDISH AND IRISH GIRLS,
AO wages $12, $15, $20 and $25. MME. LEO-
POLD, 20 Stockton st.
AN; ED -1' GIR!.b; WAITRESS AND
'» chambermaid; $15. HVa Antonio St., off
Jones, near Ellis.
WANTED- A MATRON FOR AN ASYLUM
'• where there arc about 200 children. Appli-
cants are requested to send name, age, former oc-
cupation and present residence, with recommenda-.
tion and references, to Templar, box 66, Call Office,
san Francisco, Cal., by Monday, the 2d day of
March, 1596.
Also, by the same institution, an overseer to
oversee boys out of school hours and do general
work. Bend name, age, former occupation, present
residence, references and recommendations as
above. Templar, box 60, Call Office.
j V AT ~G I R I7 MIST BE" GOOD COOK AND
i-> laundress; family of 3; wag. $26; reference
required. Apply 1600 Van Ness aye.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AN OVERALLS.
MAHER'S Shirt Factory, 206 East St., near
Howard.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL
VJ housework; must be able to cook. Apply 1419
Devisadero St.. near Geary.
WANTED— T\VO ~ -CLASS DINING-
»» room girls to take full charge of dining-room;
no others need apply. Windsor Hotel, Market and
Fifth sts.
WANTED-GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM
«» pants; steady work. 411 Kearny St., second
floor.
ANTED- WET NURSE FOR BABY 2
»» months old. Apply DR. RICHTER, 614
Geary, at noon any day except Sunday.
W A NIK D— WOMAN AS FORELADY IN
«• small factory ; state age, experience and par-
ticulnrs. A. Is., box 8, this office.
\\T ANTED • GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
'» wor<; family of 3. 227 Page st.
>' I AT GIRL.I 3, TAKE CARE 2 CHILDREN
XV and assist light housework. 561 Howard.
pOMPETEXT GIRL, GENERAL HOUBE-
\J work, assist baby.. 2215 Bush*. 9to 12. '
p OM PET NT~G IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
V work. 1808 Larkin st. ■ '
V EAT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK-
-> small family. 309 Twenty-eighth st.
i ■VouncTgiriTat "dressmaking. 4a AN-
X tonlo, off Jones, near Ellis. •
GIRL ABOUT 16 TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
housework; cood home. 323 Eddy st.
ANTED— B MASON ST., CHAMBERMAID;
»» wages $15.
WANTED— A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS
«' housekdeper: small wages; one wanting a
good home preferred. Address E. W., 2010 Polk.
GIRL. TO ASSISY IN UPS 1 AIRS WORK; $5
per month; good home. 1227 Geary, near
Gough.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
ami underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.,#2iA
Fremont st. .
J,' XPERIENCED CUTTER FOR LADIES'
J and children's underwear. E. C. boy 9, Call.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 24ij2
Post. - •
/ i IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK ASSIST
'• cooking; city references. 2013 Pine st.
Ml HE ART OF CUTTING DRESS WAISTS,
X without any soams, taught a- 28 V a Sixth st.
AIRDRESSING, 26c; MANICURING, 25c;
_ 10 lessons in class, $1. 131 Post St., room 20.
.Vy ANTED— a GOOD STRONG GIRL for
* * general housework, no washing or baking, $10,
references. Call at 1015b Po3t St., bet. 10 and 12.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1320
VX Ellis St.: wages $10.
OPERATORS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS;
also apprentice. , 314 Clementina st.
DREBSW I Kl.liS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
A p_pri-:n ticks TO LEA KN DRESS CUT-
-"- ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms 67 and 68.
\\ INCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD NEAR
.'» Market-Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; f~e bus to and from the ferry.
rr h orougli coUrse IN MILLINERY
X taught: will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
HA 1 R DRESSING, 25c, AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10Iessons,*l 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREs>S-
cutting school. 1231 Market st..oet. Bth and 9:h.
\/l OST CONVENIENT ANDiRESPECTABLE;
r™ Win chester House. 44 Third St.. near Market:
~uu rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 10 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
MALSi liL l 1- UAiI'ED. ~~
pOOK COUNfirY^IToTELr^BT^^ok^SM^ATL
V restaurant near city. $30; waiter country hotel
»**> <-'•&. HANSEN & CO., 1 10 Geary st.
C) CROSSCUT V.Vw v~eiTh~\vh'o~" can" FILE
— saws, $40 and board: swamper, $45 and board:
eaeerman. $30 and board: for country sawmill.
CR.HANBEN & CO., 110 Geary st. .
GARDENER, WITH GOOD REFERENCES.
city,B4s. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,lloGearyl
I^AKMER AND WIFE. SEE PARTY HERE,
J- $40 and found; blacksmith,' country shop. $2 50
a day; vegetable gardener," country. $25: boy to
ITo Gea [ ksnilth trade. : C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. T^
j HFIP WAS TED-Contlnned^
FARMER AND WIFE, $35 TO $40, SEE
boss here;, boy to mark timecards, $4 to $6 a
week; 2 wire-nail operators. $1 75 to $2 50 day;
hammersmun, $30 and found: ironfr to run St.
Clalr machine; pantryman, $20; porter, $20;
cooks, waiters; young "man to run an iron-shaper.
$1 to $1 50 day. M URRAY & READY, Employ-
nient Agents. 634 Clay st. -' r \
MAN AND WIFE FOR A RANCH. $40.
MURRAY & READY, Employment Agents,
634 Clay st.
AN.TED— AND WIFE; MAN AND
wife for fruit ranch. $35 to $40; budder,"?l
day: tailor for country; woodsmen; 6 Japanese
woodchoppers, $1 25 cord: cooks, waiters and bar-
keeper, $25 and found; and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2AXMEN TO GET OUT RAILROAD TIES;
company work, :■ onoma County, $?G and board.
R.T. v. a RD& CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
UORTER, COUNTRY HOTEL, ROOM,
X etc. MARTIN'S Employment Acency, 749
Market st.
NOTICE— TO HOTEL, RESTAURANT and
■LV saloon men: The only place in town to get re-
liable help in all branches, as cooks, barkeepers
and waiters, free of charge, is at 14 Mason st.
Please give a call and 1>« convinced. OSCAR
HOCKS, proprietor, 14. Mason st. .
W ANTED-SEA MEN; ORDINARY SEA AN
•» green hands for d«n>-water voyages and whal-
ing. Apply at 117 Drum vi St., upstairs. PETER
McMAHON.
W ANTED— CANVASSERS FOR A LARI.E
'» printing establishment; must understand giv-
ing figures; none but competent persons need ap-
ply. Address J.. box 48, this ollice.
ALESMEN, CITY AND COUNTRY; NOV-
-0 elty taking place of slot machines; big money;
call 8 to 10, or inclose stamp for particulars and
territory. Forester, room 9, 130 Sansome st.
WANIED— GO'iD BOOKKEEPER; YOUNG
'» man well acquainted in the city preferred;
bonds required; write application. L., box 134,
Call OlHce.
\\T ANTED — ACTIVE MAN TO DRIVE
"wagon do collecting; tea and coffee route;
must have $75. Room 10, 23 Kearny st.
W' ANTED— GOOD BUTCHER AS PARTNER,
who understands taking charge of shop; $100
capital required. Apply 333 Bush St., Olymp
Saloon, from 9 to 4.
ARBER WITH 1 OR 2 YEARS' EXPE-
rience; state wages. Address C, box 3, Call.
GOOD BARBER WANTED SATURDAY
afternoon, Sunday. 609 Lurkin st.
T> ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
CATHOLIC BARBER WANTED. APPLY
) 1229 Steiner st.
EAMEN FOR EURO lE, SOUTH SEA
Islands and Alaska. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
OOD ALL-ROUND DAY COOK WANTED.
Address C, box 20. this office.
W ANTED— A "YOUNG STEADY MAN AS
'» third hand on bread. 26 Sixth st.
YOUNG MAN BL'SHELMAN; CALL EARLY.
X Room 21, Murphy building.
W ANTED — COaTMAKERS. J. SMITT, 575
»» Market st.
O NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be done by," and come and see: half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price; work
guaranteed. 062 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
WANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
barber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard st.
ANTED— MINER FOR YUKON GOLD
field as partner. W. M., box 64. CalL
I HAVE A GOOD BUSINESS PROPOSITION
X to make to a man willing to Invest. $1000 or
$2000. Address C. H., box 149, Call Office.
DEBT MEAL ON EARTH ; WELL COOKED; 8
XJ courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND" SHOES. SOME
iX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
WELL-DRESSED CANVASSER TO INTER-
»» view gentlemen: novelty in standard article;
great success. Call after noon, r. 6, 102J Market.
ALL CLERKS SEEKING POSITIONS AS
salesmen, copyists, bookkeepers, etc., call Com.
Clerks' Bureau, room 7, Flood biding, 809 Market.
EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-L* 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; wsek $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
I RST-CLASS BARBER-SHOP; OLD ESTAB-"
X' lished; Al location. Apply Call Otlice.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
icent, secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 057 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
retarv Barbers' A sao., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238Vz O'Farreil.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 i/ 2 MARKET " ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-Li -Jsc up: men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
/"HAT cheer house. 523 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
IIOR THE BEST AND- CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13y a Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
XA A MEN TO GET A FINE iLISH, DU-
k)\J\J rable calf shoe toordc-r,s2 50. 939 Howard.
C*l TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<g)X lnrge reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
ROSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
I XV 20c to 50c night; tl to $4 week: open all night.
A TED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
» ' ers tocal] if they do not receive their just dues:
law and commercial collection^: no charge unless
successful. KXOX Collection Agency, HOSntter st.
\V' ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, etill runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 15! i
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGO FOOD-
Is the best. C. KKRTELL. San Mateo.
W INCIIESTERHOUSE744 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»» Market: 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlng-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
1 /|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X VV/ and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT i— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per n! C :--_ 1 1. 91 25, $1 50 r*r week.
>'«clfic House .Commercial and Leideadorff ata. •
W' A N T I <— MEN To GET BOTTLE SHARP
'' steam beer. sc ; bottle wimp. sc. (509 Clay st.
VI EN'S i/j-SOLING 60c: LADIES 40c; DONE
-LX while you wait. 638 Market, opi>. Palace Hotel.
l/< H E E BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
X also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st. ■■
rjiRY acme house, 9n7 MARKET st., BE-
X low Sixth, for room: 25c a night : $1 a week.
W ANTED-SINGLK ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
'» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 86 Clay st. •
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THBS
■C\. WEEKLY CALL. Id wrarjper. for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
yoUR SOLICITING ORGANIZERS FOR A
X fraternal order; good pay. 615 Van Ness aye.
IP IN E SIDELINES FOR < < lALTRA V-
X elersdlrectfroin manufacturers. 57 Chron. bldg.
GENTS wanted— NEW NOVELTY. 719
JrY Market St., first floor.
I, 1 1 Us 1( I.ASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
. the California Mutual Benefit Society; ladies
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. 'RAINE,
superintendent oCagents. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WANTED
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MQRE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
pASH PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet, 4th & oth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
• second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
KOuilj Y» A-VIMSD.
CHEAP FURNISHED ROOM ON OR NEAR
\J .Sutio railroad. C, box 131, this office.
< IOMFORIABLE ROOM OR SMALL SUITE-
v-' sunny and good location: can give references
If required. Ac~dresa Merchant., box 16. this office.
BOARDING A>D ROOMS wanted.
'vy a n t c n^A^ot^MTjaATiTrNir^v^ cTeS^
■•• ' » tleman and wife in a refined, genteel private
family, with or without board. W., box 14, Call.
W ANTED- SUNNY ROOM AND BOARD BY
'» a lady; must be centrally located; references
required. Address M. [.. 220 Post St.
WANTKD-MI.StELLANKODS.
WAN TED— FR A. KOCH-
'' LERE.Capltal House, 537 Sacramento st.
THOROUGHBRED GREAT DANE PUP^
X wanted ; must be cheap. l 17 Hyde st.
W ANTED— 7OO OR'sOO POUNDS DAMAGED
»» barb wire. 611 Haves st.
SECOND-HAND; 4 TO 6 DEEP WELL PUMP.
windmill and tank. 610 Hampshire st.
WANTED-YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
" repairing; best work at half the regular price.
DEL M.S. watchmaker, 126 Kearny St.. third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN, 109 sixth st-: send postaL
BICiCLES. ~
Wl N DSO R bicy^L^TltkictlT^iqh
grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT & CO., 324 Post St., s. F. "
PARK CYILEinVNEW WHEELS TO LET-"
best Accommodations. - Terminut Gmutt Ifa.
Allljter and Powell »t. car lines. . '
PHYSICIANS^
OEMO\'Ml^Rr^rtr^'D^N7^Lir^roT2o6
Xt Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
R.A.DK.LUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
Univers.iy Turin. ltaly. Nucleus b1.1g.661 Markt
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIA i 10-N.
CONTINENTAL bIjILDI^G^Xn^LOAn' %: a3
V/ sociation— Home office, 222 'Sansome st., 8 F,
general savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill. Pen*
Ollvei l£ldrldge V.IT.; W Corbin, fc>ec.<fcGen.M*o
BtRINKSS CHANCE.
IN PLUMBIN(f AN D
, <Ip^— UU. gastittiig business; full line steel
and cast-iron ranges, laundry stoves and broil-
ers; invoice $6000; established 20 years. STEN-
BERG COMPANY, 632 Market St.
Ci^Pifi RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
>J*J\J, established 15 yars; newly fitted up;
receipts $25 daily. STE.NBEKG C 0. ,63-' Market st.
ft Q f\ fk CORNER GROCERY; LIVING-
t!rOO\J, rooms: only store within 4 blocks: rent
$12; present owner 2 years; suitable for man and
wife. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
WHOLESALE COMMISSION MERCHANT
»T of good standing wants partner in his produce
and commission house: controls large and first-
class trade from all parts of the Pacific Coast: es-
tablished for years; offers a grand opportunity for
some active and industrious man: will guarantee
incoming partner $200 a month and during busy
season $309; full investigation allowed. For fur-
ther particulars apply STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st., opposite Palace Hotel. ~
"djfTnfi SALOON WINEIfoUSE: 2 DOORS
tJf-JrUU. of Kearnyst.: take part cash; balance
time. S TEN BERG <fc CO., 632 Market st. _
fIi. Q C A CORNER SALOON: BUST bTRKET;
«JpO«JU. cheap rent; old-established and making
money. CULVER A COLTON, 906 Market St.
"OtO^"n~KOI3TE; ESTABLISHED OVER 2
ifr^jOYt. years: has all cash customers; good
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $75
a month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once;
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
(Jlj I "A LIGHT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAME
*iP 1 O\J. people 2 years; cash trade: easil man-
aged: clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladles
or man and wile; a decided bargain; must be sold
at once. STANLEY. 9 Geary St. .
' £C A CORNER BA LOON; CLOSE TO
t]DUtJu. Chronicle building; elegant bar fixtures,
cash register, etc. : large stock of liquors; greatest
bargain. Call 533 California st., Phoenix bar.
O BUY, SELL OK EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
qt\)op; grocery AND BAR with 4
iipZjZ.O. rooms; full value. STRAND, 46 Third.
(2>7p: CIGAR-STORE; BARGAIN IF SOLD
<D I «->. to-day. STRAND, 45 Third st.
(J>OAii RESTAURANT: RECEIPTS $25
<!POU<>. per day. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
©'JKn SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE;
«£>••>*->"• thousands of mechanics employed In
neighborhood; large and • constantly increasing
trade: partnership disagreement cause of selling;
full value. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
*2J O(i(\(\ GROCERY; ACROSS THE BAY;
iJP-UWl', bouse and lot included; old-estab-
lished; good trade. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<2»9wAA GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAP-
<Ipit)UU. Italist. or energetic ■ business man;
sole agency for patented article of great merit;
immense success East; only partly worked up
here; sure fortune. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third st.
<ZJ9XA COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLOR;
VSi^O\J. pays well; opposite Golden Gate Park;
good for man and wife. STRAND. 45 Third s:.
Qj 17 X BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOMS;
<IDX I O. bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
JIVERY JSTABLE FOR SALE, E'oTAB-
XJ lished thirty years, consisting of horses, car-
riages, buggies, rockaway, harness, rohfs. etc.;
healthy stable; 100 stalls; cheap rent; no reason-
able offer refused: old age cause of selling.
LYNCH & CO.. «35 Market.
Ut7XA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
'IT I UKJ. with living-rooms; good bar trade; cash
custom; low rent; in very best location; rare
chance. Particulars 533 California St., Phoenix bar.
GROCERY AND BAR DOING GOOD
business; owner leaving city. LYNCH & CO.,
I 936 Market.
ffl»£»XA CORNER BAR WITH CIGAR-
t\p\JU\J. stand; clubrooms elegantly fitted up;
low rent: 1 block north of Market st. Particulars
533 California st., Pbcnnlx Bar. '
PARTNER WANTED FOR AN OLD-ESTAB-
X lished shoe business: on a principal street. For
particulars see HAWKINS, at J. J. O'FARRELL
it CO.'S, 11 Montgomery st .
FOR SALE— BUTTER, EGGS, CHEESE AND i
honey route; clearing f2OO per month; all !
first-class family trade; full investigation allowed. '
Address MRS. E. S.. box 39, Call Office.
\ j)KS!.\i ... M MEN ATTENTION — I WANT I
; Jt to rent a restaurant with privilege of buying !
I after investigation: Address business, box 135,
I Call Ortice.
ESTAURANT AND BAKERY FOR SALE- I
newly fitted up; owner going In other business; !
: price $500. 49 Second st.; no agents.
VOR SALE CHEAP— CORNER GROCERY !
X and bar. Apply 210 Fifth st.
ENERAL MERCHANDISE BUSINESS"-
must sell account sickness. Apply 442% 9tl>. j
JMRST -CLASS LIQUOR MVRK FOR SALE;
X cheap. 660 Sacramento st., off Kearny.
BAKERY, VARIETY AND CANDY STORE! \
between 2 schools. 14071/2 Folsom st. " '
WANTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHON.
! »' House in Hollister; very favorable lease tj '
I right party: furniture, carpets and. fixtures at half ■
] price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar- :
; ket st. ■..;■.;■-
I QPLAA OLD-ESTABLISHED CYCLE-RENT- I
j *iD*J\J\.f. ing business; good-stock machines; sea- I
1 son just commencing; exceptional chance to good
j man. JONES, box 146, Call Oflice.
ARE i HANCE— FOR SALE A ROAD HOUSE
near Haywards: 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address F. B. HOOSON, Haywards,
Cal. SSSSSSi ■
QOf|A GROCERY AND BAR, KEPT BY RE- i
tIP'JwV/. tiring party 21 years: best chance in i
town. REISER & TASSETE, 5 Fourth st
©9nn HAIRDRKSSINO AND MANICURE !
•JD^\J\J. business for salt; good locution; near i
Market st. Address D., box 47, Call Office.
CORNER GROCERY AND * BAR; LIVING"-
-v-/.rooms:. rooms: good reasons for selling: 3% years'
lease: cheap rent. Apply SCULLY & SON, 420
j Sacramento st. . m ••
SNAP-CIGAR STORE. 500 ELLIS; FIRST- \
c!ass stand: receipts $10 per day: must be -
I sold on account, of sickness; private sale.
WANTED TO PURCHASE PAYING CIGAR-
'» stand or store In good location; none but prin- '
cipals need answer.- Address J. O. C. box 4. Call.
0?97^ STATIONERY, NOTION AND VA-
*s)£j 111. riety store: rent $20; also take a part-
uer with $200. Address D., box 115. this office.
LLIOTT PHOTO STUDIO, STOCKTON. CAL.;
-i good prices; leading business; • no reasonable
offer refused ; leaving country reason for selling.
IpOR SALE— SMALL MORNING AND EVEN-
X ing routes on two daily papers. Apply 6to 7 '
p. m., 1713 a Buchanan. : . ■
RANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY. STORE;
must be sold on account departure.. 326 Ninth, j
SALOON FOB SALE; A PPL =AT . THE
Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. ''.'..' •
COCERY AND BAR; 4 LIVING-ROOMS. I
VJ 21 Minna st. : . .: :
ARGAIN-SALOON AND FIXTURES; AC- i
count of sickness: • 918 Howard, 10 to 12 a. m. ;
BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION .STORE ; I
3 nice sunny rooms; *100. . 1745 Mission st.
S" INGLE LADY WANTS A PARTNER IX ;
O restaurant, with $125. .D.box 147. Call Office.
f^OR SALE — : CHEAP, BA'KKRY,- ON AC-
count of sickness. 1817 Powell st. .
FOR SALE— GOOD-PAYING SALOON OX
X' Larkin >t., bet. Post and Ellis. For particulars 1
inquire at 617 Larkin st. • ..;.-.
THERE IS AN EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY :
for a young man with business qualifications i
1 and $5000 capital to become partner in an old es-
j tablished prosperous firm: the present proprietor
j has other large interests to attend to. For particu-
lars address Merchant, box 92. this office.
XfiOK SALE-ONE of"the BEST- EQUIPPED,
X best-paying and best-known livery stables-
located In one of the best livery towns in the State-
this is a snap that will bear full investigation :
reason for selling other business demands entire
attention. Address Livery, box 70. Call Oflice, or
P. O. box 828, San Jose. A . . .
"VTURSERYFOR SALE— ABOUT 3 ACRES OF !
-LI fine land well stocked with valuable plants- i
large greenhouses with boiler for heating; also
large lathhouse, packing-house, windmill, etc •
well with plenty of water, also city water: cost
$12,000; will sell cheap; eood reasons for selling !
Address Nursery, P. O. boz 2475, San Francisco.
FOR SALE-HOME BAKERY; BEST LOCA- !
tion in town; large trade; cheap rent; good rea- !
sons for selling. Address F. H., box 56, Call.
IP OK SALE — STATIONERY AND FANCY
store; good living rooms; cheap rent; satisfac-
tory reasons. Address S. S.. box 56, Call office.
S9onn PARTNER To ENGAGE IN VERY
\J\J\J. promising business; a monopoly; rare !
chance. Address Chance, box 85, Call.
'-) 7 f\ RESTAURANT OX THE WATER
*IPOI«J. front; good-paying place; must sell on
account of departure. Apply this olttee.
r<JR SALE CHEAP; GOOD CORNER, SA-
X loon in the Mission; 3 living-rooms; rent $12. 1
Apply NW. cor. Twenty-fourth st. and Treat aye.
90 0 (\ will buy half interest IX A
«JP*j yW first-class lunch place; only those who
mean business answer. T. 8., box 28, Call.
TT'OR SAI.E-CIGAR-STORE AND LEAF TO-
X bacco, tools and fixtures: selling on account of
death in the family. 426 Sixth st: " **-»""■■ ««
B" LACKSMITH SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD
business. Address E. 8., box 63. this office.
$'-T>o CORNER GROCKRY: BAR; TRAXS
*jpv*j\j. fer; pleasant living-rooms. Apply Call
F%c^«i!S?' ; ■'^S^baStT-cali;
c^^^p^ofoSSpT sl^^
J^nOOO- INTE . RIOR AGENCY OF- THIS
tJUUU - paper for sale. (Inquire at this office
OPLENDID • OPPORTUNITY FOR THK '
O buyers- For sale, a liquor-store, situated on one '
Call Office! 1 COr " erB ° Montsoine^ tl at. inquire !
F° X « A E A FBEXCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
X one of the best corners on Sixth stre t at aun
rlfice. Inquire of K. ROBINKT. 41lUcaMfnrn a ,^
R^» A ,, URANT , *' OR »ALE; NEAR DEPOT
210 Townsend st. ■ -■-,-.•
PARTNER WANTED-GOOD- PA VI N( BUSI-
X ness: small capital; trial given. 307 O'Farrell.
RISIAURAXT-AT YOUR OWN PRICE TO
pay the debts. 626 Fourth st. "* v ™ *<J
ftl JIKVr MARKET FOR SALE. AD-
»© -L O\J V. dress B. 8., box 36, Call Office, Ala-
meda. :.1.' : :/■-:•.- ■•-'■•-.-
-.^700 ) VII 1 L « BUY EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
«IP I UW for the Pacific Coast for 10 years- busi-
ness established; ■ good-selling article; fullest in-
vestigation solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call
.* ' ■ ■ " ■. -. ■ • _■■■■ ,-■■■■■.■■■ .<:■■.• . ■■- I 1::.:. ■■:'.■ .
JTTTSTTVKSS ; CHAyCKS-Continnwl. ■
\\T ELL-PAYING "PORK AND DELICACIES
V» store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness causa
I of sale. A ppiy 4 Z>fy Si.uh st.
I TT<OR SALE-BAKERY, WIIH HORSES AND
i " .wagon: '_' l>h s dally. Appl a; Call otlice.
UAPKR ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
i X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
! cheap, and chance* for increase are very good,
i Apply this office, principals only.
I i 3
LODGI>«i-IIOHSJ2S '-Jt'Oli SALE. °7o
A(\(\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 ELE-
.j^I^UU gant!y furnished rooms on Market St.;
paying house. CULVER & COLTONVJOtf Market.
CL'/inn A ROOM HOUSE; WORTH »1200,
«J>-±UU DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Ol ROOMS ON EDDY sit;i:i;T; ONLY $600.
-JL DECKER, 1020 Market st. __iii_i_
Q1 -ROOM HOUSE; FINK KOR TRANSIENT;
OX clearing s2so. DECKER, 1020" Market St.
1 O ROOMS: NICELY FURNISH ED; CO RN
J-Zi on Golden Gate aye. DECKER, 1020 Market.
"1 OR )OM HOUSE FOR SALE AT A BAR-
I— gain. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 A BOOMS NEA"ir"MAR~KEt; RENT ?45;
I*X price $500. Apply to DECKKR, 1020 Market.
T. ODGING-HOUSK; GREAT BABOAIN; 12
XJ rooms and bath; prominent bay-window cor-
ner: clears $40 per month. KENNY, 705 Market.
COIINEI! HOUSE; ll'ROOMS: WKLL FUR-
\J nlshed: price $225. STRAND. 45 Third st.
T" EN-ROOM 1 1 1 1 V sf. AND BATH ATA BAR-
gain: no agents. l'-'S'^ Ninth st. • , . '■
1 A-BOOM HOUSE, NEWLY FURNISHED,
lv will sacrifice, cheap. 202V 3 Turk st.
LODGING-HOUSE; 18 BOOMS; ALL OCCU-
pied; sale account of departure. 41 Eddy St.
If>Oß SALE— CONVENIENT 10-ROOM LODG-
-1 ing-house; retiring from business; must sell In-
side of two weeks: $350. 763 Mission st. __
©Qfin ROOMING HOUSE; 18 ROOMS;
«4POUU. full of rcomers: must be sold In 10
days; no agents. 106 Bteoan st.
QftQ FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
OUOpiI; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI, 317 Washington st.
FDKSITIJKI-: I'OIC SACK; [■"■ . .
4"^TioT^S~FT V ITNTr7IiF^NE W *7.'i •
wed lounges trimmed with plash $5 SO. ;
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c ui>
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades In 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OF 3 ROOMS;
complete; cheap. 1 141 1/2 Mission st.
0 ASH BEDROOM SETS, 1 FOLDING-BED, 1
.— hatrack, 4 hall carpers, parlor and 6 bedroom
carpels, etc., et£; all in first-class condition. 1520
Franklin st., from 1 to 5 p. m.
LU'KXITUIIE OF 4-ROOM FLAT; RENT $12;
S. near school; 1030 Nineteenth st,: Castro cars.
BEDSTEAD, LOUNGE, BUREAU, WASH-
XJ stand: cheap for cash. 326 McAllister s .
G. KRaSKY, FURNITURE and BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, -9 and up: step-lai-
ders. 20c pr step: lurnitureexi-hged. 779 Mission s'.
CAKI'IO i' Ci. t.-. A.N J Nti.
PxAllPEfs^ CLEANED, So PER : X I :'•
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STBATTON, IB Eighth.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING, RENO VA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
/-IARFE'JS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: t-L
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH * CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 2411
• 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatln? works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
TVTATTbXAL" CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
IV vating Works HAMPTON JtBA'ILLY: layin?
■ltd altering;. HI 3-31 5 (.uerrero: Tol. Mission 244.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerCar-
jet Beatin? Works, 853-7 Tehama: ML So-40.
/ lONKLIN'9 CARPET BEATING WORK* Si',
' J Golden Gate aye. : telephone t-aac 126. ,
HOUSES.
F^~oa. s^xe^biFsTn'ess horsE bucTgy
FOB SALE-BUSINESS HORSE, BUGGY
and harness; cost $500; cheap. Address Hone.
j box 87, Call Office.
S UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness.
i "i ST-CLASS pasturage ; PLENTY water
I -I and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
j 1 C A SETS NEW AM) SECOND-HAND IIAR-
! -1 U\J ness: all kinds: wagons, buggies, horses and
; scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
HO USES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed ; send for circular. The Hr-la
; ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUK-
d,eon for 8. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 4<)l.
! Af\ HORSES FOR BALK: ALSO WAGO.V-l
n.\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor««
Market, 327 Sixth st. : anction sales every We-'ue*- .
<iay. SftMVAX & DOVLK, Auctloncin.
1 Aft SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AIIT
J. \J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, car:*:
also 20 cheap horses. Flfteenili and Valencia sst.
FOX SALK-JUSOEL I. A> tOI!5.
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS^ THE BESTI
U stomach bitters in the market: buy your wines,
liquors, etc., at the Bonanza Wine "Vaults: free
delivery city, Oakland and Alameda. I'U I /.-
MAN & SCHUBMANN, proprietors, 341 Pine St.,
cor. Montgomery; telephone red 391.
. OALOON FRONT; CHEAP: ELEGANT COL-
O ored glass; frum Palm saloon building. 1000
Sutter st.
ARGAIN— ULSTER CLOAK, TEA GOWN,
Paisley shawl; bargain; almost new. Call
917 Market St., room 10.
FOR SALE-1 4-HORSEPOWER SHIPMAN
X I boiler complete: suitable for pleasure boat; at a
bargain. Address 20 south Park.
EAT DA N E DOG; GOOD PEDIGREE; 11
".VJ" months. 908 Broadway, bet. Mason and Taylor.
QUANTITY NEW AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st.
DENTAL CHAIR IN FIRST-CLASS CONDl-
tion; a bargain. W. SI'OTT, 927 Market st.
room 319.
•LOR- SALE-2 NATIONAL CASH REGIS-
X ters; same as new: used but a short time: at a
bargain.. Inquire 628 Sansome st.
PEKING DUCK-EGG'S" FOE HATCHING- 500
X per sitting. MRS E. A. WILKINSON, Bay
and Webster sis. • £
7>uiLDIXGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
JL> doors, mantels, etc.. tor sale. 1166 Mission.
■ I> LACKS .\ ITH - SHOP .OUTFIT. FOR G E
-IJsteam.pump, bpiler&engine; cheap. 516 Mission
Buy your baby CARRIAGES AND rat-
tan ■ furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's prortt; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. ; .-.i .
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND •LA ROE SIZS
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 11l Market st.
I In?) SECOND-HAND CARPETs; ALL SIZES
; <J\J\J and prices from 25c per yard ud. . J. .
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETT i
-T press, platform scales and desk : cheap, 102 Clay.
RANGES. CHEAPER THAN SECOND-,
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mf^ Co.. 12 California st.
COUNT KB B, /SHELVING. BHOWCASK3
V bought and «old 112iy^Market beL. 7thandB".a
:■ .'■■'■■' . LOST. : .-\
Y^ST^OX^OR^NfTFiKB^UAItVsTTi^EA^
I XJ Dune bitch; color brtndle: weighs about I2ii
' pounds. Reward paid if returned to 124 Seventh J '
OST— I OF SOLITAIRE DIAMOND EAR- .
rings. Return to 100 Webster st-, after 4i\ it.; "
reward. .. - .■•.'
REWARD-STRAYEPOR STOLEN— FOX-
I tipO terrier dog. with collar: answers to the name
;of Jack. Return to 961 Howard st. and receive -
above reward. ■ .■•:'.%'
CM - ■ REWARD— LOST, SATURDAY EVEN-'
'IP- 1 " ing, lady's Swiss (Meylan) watch. 728
Sutter st. " • . '• -.-•.
T OST-A LAD HAND SATCHEL. AT OR
1 J-J near the Branch Poatoffice Station F, contain-
ing a diamond rin-, $1.8 75 in coin, a pair of spec-
tacles and a bottle of perfume. The finder can
keep the diamond ring; and coin if they will only
return that priceless 1 air of crystal spectacles mid
elegant bottle of perfume purchased at LoehrsCut- "
rate Prescription Pharmacy.cor.Gearvtt Devisadero
-D Return 8616^ Mission st.; reward. COLLAa
T t RAY /P FROM BROOK'S PASTURE, NEAR
tr> 1, 10l \* ross-2 cows, one small black cow with
white udder.and one light red heifer with white star
on forehead and a white ring On tail. A liberal re-
ward will be given for information that will lead to
Crols,P?o r .^a: J - J - , Mc » '™. °ear Holy
L°n b nT AL .H l ' m I? ° A X D PL>:ASURE BY"
om th S viv"r? irslw ° s mado to order by
GKO. Btn ANT for .115. '204 1 nrk St., near Jones.
1 FOUND. . ' ~"
gg^^^ff^AF^^
F«M X U~ X)ARKfiKAV : *»'AHECOLT 'J YEARS "
a , old. Owner ran have same liv proving prop-
CoUna n Cal P " ying exi)enses - WILLIAM FAY,
FOUND-STUAY COW; OWNER' CALL AT
l cottnge. Mission road, a ■<; pay oxpens"<.
■■ ATTOK.MSYS-AT-LAU-.. ~~~~
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LA Ws" A -SPECI-'
" c *- alty; private; no charge unless successful- all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc ' at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-aUaw. 850 M arket.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT' AND COUNSELOR"' \p
-l .law. ' advice trie. 24 Sixth St.. rooms 14, 15.
W W. DAVIDSON. ATTORN EY-AT-LAW
j'T » California »i. rang. l 4-16: advico fre^T -
-^.U^^^™^™*! l^ > C!l A L. ■-> -■; ~;
TOANSON IST AND 2D IiORTGAOEHAND
$ 100.000 asac^iiffiifSffigHOUSES TOtBT.
9 $2' ONNA~0 NNA ~¥ Oi:JsE ' 7LAJRGE ROOMS; RENT
40 ?ent H Uk IiOI;SE^ 7 LARGE ROOMS
Ml^ T l|^lf p^^ATHTRENT
- ; 9 KOOMSTUOT AND COLD
»- water, cheap to ff o< d t*naiu. i->\ Powell su
251 LU< ? RXIA> I* EAR STEINER, 7
serT-*?, " IS> ' lar ? e I) »>lard-room, laundry
knasena:.. room; BUD ineverv room- rent low
pnle-e. MADISON * BVfiKK. 620 Market st
AN D^SIiEM ENtT
• * i- .■.. lit. to» Nineteeotb st.
2" O r^- V BAY-WINDOW HOUSE; in fine
- %£ eat low to srowu family Key 328
Jvineteenth «>. pet. Mission and Valencia.
1 (Y-\i) ¥ l ss • ° v sl " N ■ v~rTde~b a y - w in-
IV »" dm huuseot 10 rooms.
TTOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH, .MODERV IM-
J I provtrments. 7 ,° < lapp SU: also house. 5 room,
•modern, large stable, 107 GermanU St., off mill
17 I ).j HYI>E - ST.. COU * LXEJO-STJ NN V
- 1 - ' — house 7 rooms and bath; cheap.
1 '?*?(•>! , Pf - VE v n:ear : : ■> BE-TWO-STbBY
TbuSl. 5 r °° mS; CheaP A 'H»yroomls,
.Q'-^O 8 ROOMS; MODERN CON VKNIENCE*;
QOU. fine neighborhood. . Apply 15 Grant ate
71 £* D 73 SHIPLEY ST.-4 AND 5 ROOMS;
s>l O ELKVKNTH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.";.
Vl^* i ] 0 rooms, -barn and stable. NICOL, 5341^,
I^ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
HiVV^MllT' IVDt^ ° m BALDWIN &
HAMMONu, *° Montgomery St.
*, 1 r gPBKJSBJEP HOUSES. ™
—^ --,-,- . -^ -M ;^__^ | >'_
jVriCEIiY FURNISHED HOUSE ON SUTTER
a- 1 * st. near an Ness aye,; 10 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. Apply O'FARRELL & CO.
RN I SH ED HOUSE OF SEVEN ROOMS ON
-L Nob Hill; rent $45.. ****— N., box 38, all.
"VTICELY FURNISHED SUNNY* UPPER
-i' flat; ii rooms; b-<th. 251414. Sutler: cheap.
I TACKS TO LET.
C\ ■ . S"Ro7^7^^XTiSr~PLA^K"Et)
■ \J basement, yard, $18. 804 Potrero aye., nr. 20th.
pOTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS AND BATH: LARGE
\J yard; cellar. 2105 Webster St., nr. Sacramento.
fit A - COTTAGE :■ 800 M 8 ON PROSPe"cT
•- <TO. aye. Apply 75 California aye., bet. Twen-
• ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth sts., near Mission.
COTTAGE; LARGE YARD. 2301
Polk st., near Green. .
OUNNY~COTTAGE, 5 ROOM'S, BATH AND
to large yard and basement. 2425 Post st.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
,»Q large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
r*OTTAOE OF 4 ROOMS. SI BYINGTON ST.,
V beu I Ulmore and "Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
QIJ COTTAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
».. I I. bath. 1831 Union, near Lasuna st.
1-LAiS 1U U£X'.
 nice, cTea^T^FLATS^ WITHTN^^i
•. •'. blocks of The Call Office. SPECK. A-'OO.,
602 Market st. _•
. BK A UTIFUL~UPPEK FLAT, 6 LARGE SUN-
-U ny rooms, bath, laundry. 1515Va Mission st.,
■near Eleventh. . •■-
-AY-WINDOW FLAT: 5 LARGE ' SIXNV
_ rooms; bath; cheap." 117 Perry.
IT LAT OF 4 BIG ROOMS; $10, COR. TWEN-
■JL tieth and Folsom sts. . • .
ODERN, DECORATED, 5-ROOMED FLAT;
sun all day. 847 Capp St., nr. Twenty-fourth.
Q9 A MODERN FLATS OF 6 ROOMS EACH :
' '. — ''. sun all day; marine view; near ..able-
- cars. ;203t> Leavenworth st.
"I 9AA LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
-«-•— \J\t nished front room ; ?8, and single rooms,
»4 and $5. . ..: .
991 LIBERTY. BET. CHURCH AND do-
— — I lores — Flat of 5 large rooms am! bath; al-
most new; paved yard; new gas fixtures; 75 feet
of 'ground fenced ii»; rent only $16.
>J1 j LOVELY FLAT, 4 LARGE ROOMS,
«JpXtX. bath, eas and yard:, water ire-.'. 251^.
Ford 6t t , bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe
aai Sanchez. • /-
• "pLATS TO LET, OPPOSITE LUKLINE
' -C Bates; 6 rooms; bath; - cellar. Apply 1212
Larkin st.
CM'ZY FLATS: SUNNY, NICE LOCATION;
V.' i and 5 rooms: bath; -Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Masou. • Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
Q 1 C ELEGANT~FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH,
" O-L«J. large. yard; water free. '814 Nineteenth
(-.. bet. Noe and Sanchez.- ..
Elnt .SUNNY" MODERN flat, OPP(>
site Jefferson S'luare; .*> rooms and bath. 925
■ Golden Gate • "■■' ■!.=".
T TNFURNTsh SD SUNNY FLAT; 3 BOOMS.
. U 422 Li Post St.
0 ROOMS; BA«T11 409% THIRTEENTH ST.,
•J above Vnjr>ncit. - *
tlfl. UPPER FLAT;': 4 SUNNY" ROOMS.
. •_•''. 375 Sanl-ln-z st.,. nf-ar Seventeenth.
ODKRN 7 KOi'Mt-, ti ROOMS, $22; 4
rooms, *12.' 519 Oak st.
- OD(1 GUERKKRO-fPPEK FLAT; 4 BOOMS
— CU and bath water free. - :-. -v> :
SIXTH-UPPER FLAT, 5 rooms.
•J— — bath, yard ; front aad rear entrance; rent
*13. ■- ..
•Ql 9 4 SUNNY' ROOMS. 27 DORE ST., BET.
•_ I^.. Harrison and Bryant. . ;
4" 1 ROOMS, BATH . SIROOMS: CHEAP TO GOOD
A t tenant. 14 Webster st. ' -.- .'
—.1 FILLMORK— 6 SUNNY" ROOMS, BATH;
\% cheap to good tenant. ■ •
. fiORNEK TWELFTH AND HOWAKD STS.— 2 '
V, sunny bay-window fiats of 7 and 5 rooms and
bath. No. 1555. ■
SUNNY CORNER FLAT, 5 BOOMS AND
bath. Ilaight and Webster sts.
V OWER FLAT, & BOOMS, BATH"; RENT »13.
-LJ 713 Treat aye., Dear Twentieth.
£»-| Q NEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT OF 8
'_ . ■'. rooms, bath. 133 San Jose avt»., nr. 24th.
'-, - A-l EDDY' — DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
j J'l L nerfiat; 6 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. -
I- FROM HALL; ELEGANT
I flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1O Grove st.
OWEii PLAT— COB. THIRTEENTH AND
Folsom sts.; 6 rooms and bath'; large cellar lit
for business; rent to salt truant. . "
'CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND ALL
•' modern improvements r $20. 1708b Hyde st.
PPER FLAT OF 8 ROOMS; I MODERN IM-
provements; central location. 615 McAllister.
DECOBAf ED MODERN &-ROOM FLAT; SUN
all day. 847 Capp St.. near Twenty-fourth.
rjeyt •' > cALLISTER— FLAT, 6"ROOMS : UN-
I .1 D dry; bath; rent $30. . ; . .
YEAR CITY HALL —•£ SUNNY FLATS: 5
j-N and 6 rooms; $21, 525. 147 aud 713 Grove M.
08T DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush et.; rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
agents. - - -■ - * - ■ ' '
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
JJ contented; flat rented from BALDWIN &.
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
CIM Q AND $14—1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
»]plO near Herman: nice flats: cheap rent.
UOUSEKKEPISG 11OO31S.
Bryant Street.
1 971 BRYANT— FURNISHED AL-
*l£i 1 2 cove room for housekeeping. *■
Clay Street.
-1 £97 CLAY, NEAR POLK-2 ROOMS FOR
IDil light housekeeping.
' Eighth Street.
OA 4 EIGHTH,' CORNER FOLSOM— SUNNY
OUT front furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; cheap. ; - ■ . '- ■•
Eleventh Street.
mE LEV —ELEGANTLY FUR-
•XXrt nished front bay-window suite; complete
for housekeeping: bath: all conveniences; carpets i
and furniture new; quiet and select. * |
Kills Street.
-ii ELLIS-3 FURNISHED nOUSEKEEP-
I I.X Ing rooms, one complete floor; rent, $30. ■ -
.Fifth Street. •
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS; FURNISHED FOR
<}—.JL housekeeping: rent $9.
JtolKom Street.
" A QfFOLSOM— 2 FRONXROOMS FOR HOUSE-
v keeping: furnished: also a front room.
1 41 1 FOLSOM— KLKGANTLY FURNISHED
HI I floor, 3or 4 roomsr, complete for housltPK-.
Fourth Street.
m FOURTH — 2 : NEWLY .- FURNISHED
ill snany housekeeping rooms; cheap. ..,.-.-. v"
Golden date Avenue..' ,-i 1 . >
00 i GOLDEN GATfTaVE.— LARGE SUNNY
Ot>i furnished rooms; $8; $10- '■'■'■ '- *" v -
Harriet Street. ;.
1 Q HARRIET, OFF HARRISON,' BET. SIXTH
1 O and Seventh— 2 sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping. - ' •' ■'. ■;
Ilovt-arfl Street.
10l HOWARD— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
±010 for llKht housekeeping; use' of bath, laun-
dry. yard; no children. -' -. ■
Jessie Street./ . ;.. •/,
5 /)-a JESSIE— FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
UOU furnished; yard: cellar; rent 12.
Kearny Street. .
in A KEARNY-1, -i, A OR 5 BOOMS "aND
IUI bath. ' ,
gOCSKKEEPiyo ROOMS - Continued.
Larkin Street. '
[>9f» ' LARKIN-THREE SUNNY HOUSE-
U—\j keeping rooms, nicely furnished.
IQQ LARKIN -NEATLY-FURNISHED BAY-
JdtJ window housekeeping rooms; reasonable. '
1 OOfi LARKINr-TWO COMPLETE, SUNNY,
±-\jy\j furnished housekeeping rooms; also
single room. 1
McAllister Street. .•■■■■-
-11 l\ McALLTSTER— 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
t L\> with kitchen, for housekeeping.
Mission street. ,
Cl X MISSION— a LARGE sunny ROOMS,
UJ-«J furnished complete for housekeeping; $3 75
a week.
000 MISSION 'ST.— SUITE FURNISHED
000 housekeeping rooms; also others for house-
keeping: $8 and $8.
QCi] MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES.
C/UJ- also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
1 AO^I MISSION — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
-LV./— Tt suite for light housekeeping; bath; other]
rooms.
"1 OO A MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
lvOv sunny front room: use of kitchen.
Ninth Streets
9 A NINTH — FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
—V for housekeeping; suites; single; grate: gas.
O'l'arrell Street.
JOA O'FARRELL — SMALL FLAT OF 3
rxjLXJ rooms: £10.
90 O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
C*-«J housekeeping; call 9to 12. . - .
Seventh Street.
1 Ai-) SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
JLtr^i rooms; nlso single or en suite; suitable for
ado. tor. "
BJF^: Stevenson Street.
JAO STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH — TWO
ivJO rooms, completely furnished for, house-
keeping. . . '■ . ' . . .
A/19 STEVENSON, BET. SEVENTH AND
KJrtZi Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
large room for 2; bath; central. .
Stockton Street.
1 907 STOCKTON— FURNISHED ROOM FOR
-LOU I housekeeping; rentcheap.
1 Q9 A STOCKTON— 2 NICE SUN"NY ROOMS,
JO-U housekeeping; cheap; also single room.
.Tehama Street. • ' ■ '
A a Q TEHAMA — 2 CONNECTING HOUSE-
ttT:O keeping rooms; well furnished; complete.
Thint Street.
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE,
\J suites, light housekeeping; $5 up; yard.
Turk Street.'
r AO TURK-LARGE FRONT ROOM; COM-
t)ttO plete for housekeeping: gas; bath; $12.
■ Van Nens Avenue.
1 A OR VAX NESS AYE.-ELEGANTLY FUR-
I"tUU nshd parlor floor; piano; rent low; hskpg.
. I \ ;.? ■.-/.''' Washington ■ Street. •
XA 9 WA S H I X G T UN — SUNNY' UNFUR-
c)U.- ntshed housekeeping: rooms; running water.
191 (I WASHINGTON, NEAR TAYLOR— 3
1 — lv .or 4 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
BOOMS TO LEX.
Btannan Street. "
499 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
>-— of stove: $1 per week.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH-LARGE F'.ONT BAY-WINDOW
i _ I room: also.light housekeeping.
89(1 BUSH— FRONT BOOM, HOT AND COLD
O— •/ water: crate; bath; also small room.
. Clay Street. -
-1 £97 CLAY, NEAR POLK — FURNISHED
ID- I front hall bedroom; gas: rent $6.
i.ddy Street.
Ol C NICELY . FURNISHED SUNNY
•").! rooms; single and double; modern conven-
iences. ,
A EDDY— LARGE NEAT ROOM; ALSO
()LU small room; private family ; reasonable.
j£ighth Street.
SHERMAN APART. HOUsE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
I5Ut« Street.
rpHE BAM ON A 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
-1 oisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well ajipionted, quite
house'; containing 150 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold running water in each
room: elevator and. tire escapes: situate conven-
ient to the business center vi the city, principal
hotels and theaters: electric cars , direct to ferry
and park pass the door. ■'-■.'.
Fifth Street. '
9AI FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS')— NICELY
*-v*2 furnished rooms, single and double: also
housekeeping, with use of kitchen; terms reason-
able. . ' .
Franklin Street.
9AI FRANKLIN— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
.vi gentlemen; $5 per month.
Geary Street.
I A 1 GEARY'— 2 UNFURNISHED OR PART-
■jtv'tr ly furnished sunny rooms.' '■■■
c 1 Q sunny rooms, suite AND
0 LO single: parlor and bedroom; others; ottices.
1 ]/|l GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
iIUJ Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
— . 1 • ' front room suitable for two; also single.
GOLDEN GATE— LARGE ROOM, SUIT-
O*A} abre for 2 gents, $12 a month; housekeep-
ing anartments. \ • : '-';■:' ■'-
001* GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY fur-
OOU nished room; suitable for 1 or 2; $8.
CiOO GOLDEN GATE — ELEGANTLY FUR-
\JOO nished rooms; single and suites.
* Grove Street.'; : : y. •;
1A J. GROVE, COR. POLK- SUNNY FUR-
lut nished rooms; pleasant location; reasona-
ble prices. . . ■
Hayes* Street.
9 UNFURNISHED ROOMS: SUITABLE FOR
— oflice or 2 gentlemen. • 1091/2 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
V*9Q HOWARD— NICE FURNTSnED FRONT
O— O mom: alsootners; reasonable.
7flii HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
I 'J ~t nished rooms, first floor; also housekeep-.
Ing; cheap. ' •
19171 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM; SUITA-
IaI.I 2 ble for 1 or 1 men: gas; bath; private.
. liyde Street. .
£91 HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
\j£i- sunny room; gas and bath. -
' Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— ' ' I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc: 610 to S3O.
QAX JONES— LARGE FURNISKED S.UNNY
O\J room; running water; gas; private family.
Kearny Street.
A RLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KEABNY—
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable. *
Market Street. •'
XTOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
i Sixth • and Seventh— and suites; per
eight, 36010 $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families
T1 99 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
LLjUiU rooms; en suite or single: reduced. *
McAllister Street.
i 4-19 McAllister, •■ flat I—3 single
I 1 11.^j and 2 doable rooms; suitable for gentlemen.
; . ' .Mint Avenue.
5 MINT AYE. — (NEW MANAGEMENT)
0 Sunny suite and 6ingle: terms very moderate.
: Mission street.
TJ-UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
'JCj furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
1 r C)A MISSION— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
xiyjj^C nished parlors, suitable for doctor or man
and wife; private;. board optional; charming view;
rent to suit the times. '■■■'. . ■ ". ■*;
■■; Montgomery, Street. HEIS
QAO MONTGOMERY— FURNISHED
O\J£ room* $1 a week: elegantly famished $2. ..
i O'Furreil Street.'
£97 O'FARRELL — FURNISHED -UPPER
O^ I - floor; 4 or 5 rooms; batn; light honsekping.
17 (\ A O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT |ROOM
I Vi: for lady; private family; cheap. '
HC)A O'FABRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
i Zirt single and doable rooms; rent reasonable.
'. Fine Street. . . ,
COT EINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; 96
U_ I up; suitable for 2; running water; quiet.
Post Street. *• . _ •
~f\-l POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Ov/J- rooms; single or en suite; rates reasonable.
mo POST— BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED PAR-
pUOlors; also single rooms: week, $2 up. :
■ Second Street.
COQ SECOND — 3 NICE ' BUNNY FRONT
OZO rooms, opposite South Park, and a fine
yard ; rent $10 and water free. ■ ..
• ; ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
K O°jHg_TO^I,ET-t;ontlnne<l.
■.-"-,", • Stockton .Street.; ; .'
9] 7 STOCKTON -NIC ELY FURNISHED
water r ° 0m8: Blngle - StUd suites; gas; running
Slitter Street.
522 GUTTER _ 2 SUNNY FRONT BOOMS
__ ™ basement: reasonable.: ; • ".. >
709 SUT , NICELY FURNISHED
V r00l " s with bath; 4 closets: 2 attic rooms;
above running water; $20 mouthly.
1 111 ' rT NICELY FURNISHED
ju-L-ui. rooms; single and en suite; also house-
Taylor Street.
"1 4Q TAYLOR^- NEWLY FURNISHED
-i- Tit/ rooms from $8 to $12 per month.
99>J TAYLOR- L arG c. . SUN N V fu R-
*-— y Jiished room, with closet and use of bath;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; $12 a month.
Tehama Street.
Q(]O TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH— FURNISH-
Ov/lJ ed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
Tenth Street.
"I 90 TENTII-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
- 1 -— '-' rooms; 1 or 2 gents or light housekeeping;
cheap. ■ .
Third Street.
TIriNCHESTER HOUSE— 44' THIRD, NEAR
>> Market; most convenient and respectable; 203
rooms 25c to !?1 60 per night; «1 60 to $6 per week;
clectnc lights In every room: reading r"m : tree bus.
9AP: third, koster house— fdrnished
-—\J*-t rooms, single and suites: $8 and Sid up.
UNFURNISHED KOOM-. •
1 A 7, FIFTH— PLETsA^rT^U^CITY~TjNI?ui>
-*- " » niched rooms to let. ■'
'.'• -\ ;; i> !>;. AND BUOKS,
"1 fii)(\ FINS— SUITE OF -BTJNNY BOO*Sj
X\.>V/IJ also slnglo first-class board ; reasonable, j
i MICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS: unsur-
j -L' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 per month. Hackmeier's Hotel.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
JJ week, 816 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGK GRUENIG, Proprietor..
AOKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
P.A9 VAN NEKS AYE.— NICELY FURNISH-
*J\J£i cd front suite; ttlsJ single; with or- without
board. . -, *
KA A post, ST.— NEWLY FURNISHED, sun.
tJ\JtJ ny rooms: running water: first-class table
board. . ■ .
SOMKTHIXG DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE-
men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush st.
1 1 a TURK — REMODKLED — FURNISHED
J--tU suites and single; first-class table board.
HOTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
er!i conveniences. ■ . *-
OHILDKE.N IIUAKDKD.
\\T ANTKD~^R^rRY"o^R~^ITLTT7JHIIjPTO
"' board by American woman: best of care civeu.
Apply 1 Hurbert place, oft' Clara at., near Fifth.
T ADY WOULD LIKE 1 OR "2 SMALL CHIL-
-•-' drpii or an infant to care for: beat references.
SOU Church st.. near Twenty-second. ■
STORKS TO. LET.
vj;i N^wT^SNir^nTN^nTT^rKET'w^vrEß
t^-LO. free. 1201 V3 Guerrero st., cor. 21th.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS; RENT $15. 316
O Flllmore St., cor. Height.
CO CLEMENTINA— S : ROOMS AND STORE.
j ID*} Apply 23 Clementina st. ;
TORE, 3 ROOMS; -RENT CHEAP. 48 SEV-
enth., bet. Mission and Market.
TORE ON CITY FRONT, OPPOSITE
ferry. Apply 10 East St., in saloon.
X 991 SIXTH— STORE; 3 ROOMS; LARGE
O~*.-2 yard; . suitable for. business or family;
rent 12.
TAKGE CORNER STORE: 2 ROOMS, BASE-
J-J ment and stable; suitable for grocery, etc.;
rent low. NW. cor. Pacific and Hyde sts.
Si >RE AND 3 ROOMS;. CHEAP RENT. 328
Seventh st. . ■
9 A 1003 LARK IN, COR. POST— NEW, CEN-
<J)^iU.tral, living-rooms. App y KELLY, 102
Kildy st. . * ■ ■-■ "
OFFIOES TO IKT. . ;
}?LEGANT OFFICE . FOR PROFESSIONAL
J man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Stockton: first floor. "
MK.UIOAJL. •
DR. J.. H. JOSSELY~N, THE : GREAT
U '•iiih.st, still offers his valuable service* to the
unfortunate. : With" a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge "6as been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. Ills female monthly remedies are
sure and safe in their effects. . His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in'
I their action and warranted lor both young and old.
I He excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over 50 yean Of practice enables him to warrant a
cure In all cases. Consultation parlors, 1320 Mar-
ket st., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. -Direct all let-
ters to box 2275.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
menu or worthless pills u sea; every woman
her own physician for all temale troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always In one day;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledgecaa be sent and used at home;
•>•• cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 31 Kearny st.
LADIES. CONSULT FKKE MBS. DR. SCOTT.
216 I'ovvell St.; only qualified specialist; $600
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated
ALL M ALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
•A stored In a few hours- safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
linn 1 : Frehch pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
LESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING FROM
temale troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never falls to cure a single case; beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank; consult free
DR. and MBS. DA VIES; home in confinement-
French Female Pink Pills.
CZEM A. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated by W. H. DRUHE, at, 1207 Market street,
rooms 2 and 3; German spoken.
A HOME, A FRIEND AifDMOTHEit'3 CARE;
■£*■ housekeeping apartments: strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1410 Eighth St., Alameda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS -A BOON TO
xV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOI- BROS., Oakland. Cal. '
Mrs. AND DR. her xvYgTTrTvate CON-'
finement home; good care and attendance'
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis sc.
R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
IJones. Diseases of women and children. 5
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge;, separate home for patients; best skill:
medical attendance; * - low lees; regulator, 82.
1370 Market. ■ . :.~ .-'
ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE BEGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail;
fl per box. WIDBER'3 drngstore, 14 Ellis «.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
"SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dl*
eases, from whatever causa; a boms In con-
finement with every comfort-, satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk sj.
MRS. DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
Confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation ; pills $2. .419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
■L see Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and be content. 254^ 4th.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMI ■: I ( • a- T
\J WEEKLY QALL.sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one yea* for $1 60, post-
free. . ■-,--.
. » U>i LA 1 n/AAI. .-*
T?l^LlslfintAN73H^^
1H or class; moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Lark in.
MISS BOXTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
mento— Board. English, French, -German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement; coach. . ■ ■:■
NIiLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
lisn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON
724 o'Farrellst. ; " ;
I? LOCUTION-DRAMA, DELSARTK. PHYSI-
Jlical cnlture. voice culture. OLIVE HuFF
SCHROEDER. 299 Hj'de St.; call after 1 p. m.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. 82
• Ninth Bt. . ■ *■:-.. ■
IP BENCH AND SPANISH; PROF. T. B. DE
' FILIPPE, graduate Paris, Madrid. 320 Post st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
G~ uitar. Mandolin, piano AND vocal
VJT lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOcSkKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etcStiehl's College, 723 Market. -
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING— .
Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage/. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, <th and Mkt. : ,
QCHOOL ELECTRICAX,, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
"1/ lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERK;I, 226 Geary reasonable .
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN MODERATE.
AleiBterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, - business • practice, * shorthand, :
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. : : :
iyjIGHTSCHOOL;H.EALD'SBUS. COLLEGE; 24
X\ Post: com Kbortband. English -.low ra'e«
■\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RKA-
- V sonable. - PROF. FRANCIS, 1046yfe Valencia.
/CHEMISTRY- AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Gt-ary and Powell gts. ; . :
T>IANO LESSONS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
X simple music .taught;, accompanists . taught;
lessons 00c, , Call 9 to 12 a. St., 30 Ninth st.
, ■'- rEPSOSAtS.
rHiAIITM^rrDE^ECT^V^^ 63V!
VJ" Market St., r. 8. : quick work ; terms reasonable.
MRS. STEWART, MANICUI{E~ANbCHIROP~.
odist; 50c and and $1. 12Qi/ 2 Geary st.", r. 10.
AIR RESTORER AND CUItLER; ONE AP-
plication will convince the most skeptical of
its .wonderful virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
Market St., uDStairs. ■; ■'.. ;.'..■
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cinlty; private: no charse unless successful- all
law suits, claims, collections, wills?, deeds etc ' at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at.-law, 850 Market st
RAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
ing new edge on razor, 25c; razor concaved
500; razor honing find setting, 25c ; first-class
work. -Razor Exchange, 630 Market st. " '
AIRDKESSING TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
eye; that's my kind: I have the best artists in
the city and my price is 25c; switches 75c and SI
G. LEDERER, 11l Siockton st. ■■ . . .•"■■*•.
T^DITH K. MCLEAN, PHYSICIAN FOR THE
JU hair: scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for la-
dies; "best city references. Room. 45, at. Ann's
building. ' . • ■ ■ • ■ ■ •
EMOVAL— DR. MILTON" J. BOWERS 124
O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
'Ul« 1 A ROOM: CAR PETS CLEANED ON THE
tjp 1 floor. ' 206 Leaven worth st. ' -. . .
120-PAGEI 20-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
and Defective," postpaid. L; KUTTNEK & CO
Opticians, 1644 MarKet St., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
V« RS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR. HAS
i'JL taken- offices at 330 ■ Ellis st.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
RS. M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OF
.Ypsllanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout fig-.i'es.
Sole agent ' for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
C CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
:PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st. .-.
I Egyptian henna: $17 hair dye: PER-
J fectly harmless: easily applied; all druggists
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, a F.
G?"l FOR 10 CENTS w CLOAKS, JACKETS,
«U>-L capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND C-AILLEAU, 48 Geary st.,
cor. Grant aye. ; .......
A DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
-A. become Invest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago);! will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHEIC-
11OFER, 1706 Clay St., aF. ' , .
rnELEPJIONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
1 Polk, soils high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves: delivery to 12 P. M. ■
|/>OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
-T STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center MaTket.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
JL and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Purtiugton.R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
R.E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED piiy-
slclan, has removed ftn 8 Mason to 1508 MarKet
1 niWl' lJl !SlisKh>:S CAKD^, $1 &<.»: IKI.K-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H ILL. S3 Geary, r. 39
BOURQUTN'S CAL'A- ASTHMATIC PAPER";
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, BW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIV.'
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25a to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to 46 per
Week: free bus to and from the ferry.
lilUilAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc: lowest rates. 948 Market St.
/CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 SttnHom" «t.. upstair*
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENT* AND LADIE^F
clothing bought. COI.MAN. 41 Third St.
~ >. I>KJiSSMAIiEK!s. . -
P EMO YE D-81l ADLEyTtO 4 lo'tAYLOrlstT;
JLt stylish suits jf 6 up; dressfs made over.
VLAIIiVOY AJiTs. •
\^^?DK?"Tir6^CsTlsclElJTTKlc^^
ifi. er by eegs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations op all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy ; mistake im-
possible ; fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post St., nr. Larkin.
ROFESSOR ZANZIC, WHITE MAHATMA,
X occult scientist, palmist and clairvoyant. 503
Mason st.: hours 8 to 8; past, present, future; 50c.
EDUCED 50c AND i '■
PROF. LEON. Marvelous Clairvoyant Palm- j
ist; wonderful power; gives advice on business ;
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.: tells of 1
your friends and enemies, removes evil influences;
the unfortunaieand broken-hearted should seek his
counsel; call and be convinced: letters with stamps
answered. 533 Post, 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
MM RAVENA ANNOUNCES TO HER
patrons of 828 Howard, removed to 5 Fourth,
Darlors 3 and 4: sittings daily; short tips on races;
names given; 25c. .
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings *1 50. 126 Tnrk st.
ARLIOHT" IS LOCATED AT 116aGRANT
O aye., parlor 5; office hours, 10 A. j^ to 7 P. it
ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and luture:26c up.764 Howard st,
VI ABU DTTBKTiT" FORTUNE TELLER IN
±il the world ; 60c and SI will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
MRa B. ha cm an. THE RENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
■VI ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
•a'A greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world; seventh danghter of • seventh daughter;
Indies or genta 50c 917 Market . parlors 3 and 4.
. SPIKITUAJOISM. : ~~
QUICIiESf ~~ ''""'' "''" -.
QUAINTEST, '■'.-■''/'[h}:::
QUEEREST.
j This little medium posr,oss"B these qualities,
coupled with the mighty application of her mystic
power transmitted through many generations from
ibe old Egyptian civilisation, where scientific and
enlightened powers beyond the ken of human
thought were not considered impossible, as at the
■present time.
The good people of San Francisco ana vicinity
who have been so impound upon by .mountebanks
and charlatans will welcome her to their midst
with acclamations of joy, even now the suffering
and unfortunate throng her parlors. Be you a
prince or a pauper do not fail to consult this mar-
velous little woman about all matters concerning
your future welfare. Are you unhappy or unfor-
tunate in your investments? Consult her and have
the evil influences removed. If your investments
in mining speculations, marriage relations, racing
experiences, or personal magnetism are unsatis-
factory see S'fA li LIGHT and become convinced
< f her marvelous powers. Her parlors ore open to
all from 10 a. m. to 7- p. m. Letters with stamps
answered. 116 a Grant avenue, parlor 5.
VI RJ-J.UULTHEN.CLAIRVOYANT.TRANCE
-"-1 medium, mineral psychometrliit. 1007 Market.
GYPSY -MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days included) ;26&50c. 946 Mission; hs 10 to 9.'.
\f RiL SEAL, MEDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO"
IYI habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured: dis-
eases of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
MB& J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
■Ii irnnce medium: sittings $1. 21 Stockton st.
~~ " r ~ < DENTISTS. •-.
HONiTsT. WmtKTL^JWES 7 ! MUCKS '
Hi;. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH; $7T~WARRANTED
X live years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 (Sixth st.
QET OF TEETH WITHOUT A plate. DR. H.
0 G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
1 R. GEORGE W. LEEK, TUB GENUINE
JL/ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of. improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AINLES3 EXTRACTION. 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
DR. H. 11. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
JL/ worK a specialty; open eypnings 7:30 to 9.
Dr; l. T. extraction painless.
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MA R-
\J keu bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli- j
able agent for painless, extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c. with gaa£L
»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
. «IP I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
TTit. : LUDLUM HILiV 1443 MARKET ST."
JL/ near Eleventh : 110. charge for extricting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given. '
l i OLTON DENTAL. ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
Okfetsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL, WORK -REASONABLE " AND ,WAR-
ranted. DR. JW. KEY 1128 Market st.
— _________ ___ _.„
STOKAOE
APPLY flsr^rTt^S^F67TSt( nilN^rFUßNl^
-ca- ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market.
MERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR
A ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
rjV - H. ROON'Y'. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
i- .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC
B. F. OSBORN & CO., 751 and 753 Market st. , .
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc •J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET- 1
Storage: low rates: ■ telephone Kouth 762.
i_ TO EXCHANGE. . ; ; : .; ,'V '■
i7^i^A^R'^NaH~IN^EXcTIXNTS^
lv» large lodglng-honse. ■ Apply 217 Third st. v 4;
A ACRES FRUIT AND VINES 40 MILES
O\J from San Francisco for Oakland or Alameda
residence.'. L. box 18, Call Office. ; • •/" ;= •.■ <.•«»*■
EXCHANGE BRITANNIC A ENCYCLOPEDIA
■S-J with index and supplement complete. 29 vols.,
new . cost ■ $174; i want piano, bankbooks or cash
offer. Address KENYON. 55614 Natoma sl ' I
'••"•'. '.'. "*-.:; TO LEASE. "-.. ••,-.-: : ■■;;-:■;.
rpoTL^T^oTniSASE—^xll^sT^V^TOWN^
.: i- send, and Clarence sts., near railroad depot: as
a whole or in parts; building altered to suit tenant;
steam obtainable. .< Apply .to BOVEE, l TOY «fc
SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery St.  •?":,;
mo • LEASE —ON MISSION ST., 2 LOTS;
A splendid location for grain and lumber yard-
rent a trifle. C, box 6, Call Office.
. PIANOS. VIOLINS. .ETC. 
TTEKE'S YOUR CIIANCT. BARG i AIN-H UNT-
er— An elegant new Wbeelock, bought in New
York only a year ago, price $500, in perfect con-
dition, and offered for any reasonable ■ price by
widow forced to re! urn East: must '"; be sold
immediately; other high-grade used pianos. Hard-
man, Steinway, Chlckerins, etc., at low prices and
easy terms; also 100 elegant : new pianos to select
from. THE J. •■ DEWING COMPANY, second
floor Flpod building, Fourth and Market sts.
MAGNIFICENT STEISWAY- PIANO OF-
fered by lady forced to rare with it: Install-
ments if required. Room 21, 809 Market st. ■ '
REGISTER pedal pipe organ FOR
— ' church or studio; cheap. 815 Webster st. .'.» .; /
"VTERY FINE UPRIGHT piano, ALMOST
V new; great sacrifice. Can -be seen mornings
and evenings at 2030 Bush st. ■ .;,;-' '-.
~^ijl\ CHICKER-TNG ROSEWOOD PIANO;
<P I <->. cost $500; $5 installments. 221Levnwrth.
TEINWAY, -$163; WEBER, $260: SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
<& t(\ BARGAIN 7 : FINE PIANO: GOOD
±U. condition. SCHM.ITZ, 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbernia Bank. -■ -.- ■; •. : . ■
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOR
A cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
NOME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one ; very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beautiful '- effect. J. T. BOWERS <fe SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth st., nr. cor. Market.
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT,. CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan. ' • '■>
SHAW, $425; 2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195;
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
"PIANOS^ ', ,■■...-• ■-. •. --. ..- .. ■:
-L Hazelton,' Hemme and - Long, Brown and
Simpson : easy terms. 735 Market su •■■;.••'
On . Ann SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
ZU.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIB 1 , 769 Market st. ;
HAINES BROS. PIANO. I'ATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT &-CO., 824 Post St. _ ; /
CONOYKB PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The V. W. SPENCER COM-.
PANY, S3« Post st. , -.»-■. . :
pHICKEKING.KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: "pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell. ;
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26~O FAR-
»* rell, room 1, llrst floor; take elevator; pianos
«.nd organs sold for cash or installments. ■
A~ S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for Belling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. HHERMAN, CLAY <£. CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutler sts. __^\___l
'" <2j 1 <7<r CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«C)± • O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
ECKER BROS., STEINWA Y.FISCHER AND.
other flrst-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or -on easy terms. KUHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. .
ASY TERMS; "LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other. pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOtINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MULLKK, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
TELNWAY, $215;. "WEBER, $2*55; SOMER,
KJ «237; Wily, «125; squares, *35 . and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post St.- ■; ; »
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. U. LUEDERS, S3
Ninth st. ' , - '.. ■ . .
PKN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of hew pianos for rent and sal*
in Ban Jfc'nuicisco. ■ J. HARRY SCOTT,
Q. 29 Market St.. Spreckels building.
• MO.XEK to LOA>..
FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES FUR-
niture and pianos; ' no removal. 325 Mont-
gomery st., room 25. ..Y'"-,- ' , ■;■ '
MONEY' TO loan on mortgage or col-
. laterals; low rate. ,T. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
\f ORTGAGES, •• PRObaTE L6aNS, WAR-
i'-L rants. SALOMON & C 0.,328 Montgomry.r.2l4.
AKLAND LOANS ON REAL ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broke: Ninth st., Oakland.
■ \| TO LOAN ; PRIVATE. 410KEARNY
l'l St., room 6. ■ . ' '■ ...
; A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETC
V Columbia Lota & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D Or 3D MORTGAGES;
-lX estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
JU Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine st».
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
Other valuables at the , Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. or. M son: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis- !
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build's, 1170 Market st.
TST*2D MO AGES : INTERESTS IN ES-
JLtates;lowest rale3;no deIay .MURPHY.62B MrkU'
<2aAn nnn ON Real estate; lowest
tjgtJUUyUUUratew. A.SCHULLER.KOH Mont^y
.'-. i" a M ; j;o i\ I; it- .
T 126 KEARNY ST^. ROOM~9^MONB^ V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator; pledges tor sal ; cheap.
sheriffs s\!,l>,
S^^iTeliilFf^salCe^p^
poration). plaintiff, vs. ROBERT W. NEaL
And E. PIERPONT;. defendants. No. 53,062.
Superior Court, Department L Order of sale and
decree of foreclosure. .
Under and by virtue of an order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure, < issued out •of the Superior
Court, Department No. 1. of the City and County
of .-up Francisco, State of. California, on the 14th
day of February. A. D. 1896, In the above entitled
action, wherein the PACIFIC BANK (a corpora-
tion), the above-named : plaintiff, Obtained ajudg-
mer.t and decree of foreclosure against ROBERT
W. NEAL and E. PIERPONT, defendants, on the
11th day of February, A. D. 1896, which said judg-
ment ami decree was on the 11th day of February,
A. I>. 1896, recorded in Judgment Rook 30 of said
court, at pa^e 238, I am commanded to sell all that
certain lot, piece or parcel of land situate, lying
and being in the City and County of San Francisco,
state of California, and I bounded - and described as
follows: • ■
Commencing at a point on the southwesterly
line of Twelfth avenue (now Dominica street), dis-
tant seventy-five (75) feet northwesterly from the
west corner of X street (now savannah street) and
Twelfth- avenue (now Dominica street): thence
running northwesterly along the said southwest-
erly line of Twelfth avenue (now Dominica street)
seventy-five (75) feet; thence at right aim lea
southwesterly and parallel with X street (now
Savannah street)' two hundred (200) feet to the
northeasterly line Of Thirteenth avenue (now Ser-
via street); thence at right angles southeasterly
along said northeasterly line of Thirteenth avenue
(now servia street^ seventy-five (76) feet; thence
a; right angles northeasterly and parallel with X
street (now Savannah street) two hundred (200)
pet to the point of commencement; said piece or
parcel of land being known and described as lots
N os. Two and Fifteen in block No. Two Hundred
ana Forty-seven, upon a certain map entitled
map of the property of the South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association, which said
map is duly tiled in the office of the County Re-
corder of the City and County of San Francisco in
map-book No. 2. , •
Together with all and singular, the tenements,
hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto be-
longing or in any wise appertaining.
Public notice is hereby given that on SATUR-
DAY, the 14th day of March, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, in front of the new City
Hall, Larkin-gtreet wing, in the City and County
of San Francisco, I will, in obedience to said order
of sale and decree of foreclosure, sell the above-
described property, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to raise sufficient money to satisfy said
judgment, with interest and costs, etc., to the high-
est and best bidder, for lawful money, gold coin of
the United States. ■ "■ < ' :
RICH I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
Pan Francisco, February 21, 1896. ,
SAWYER & BURNETT, No. 420 California st.,
San Francisco, Attorneys for Plaintiff.
TRUSTEES" SALES.
mRUSTEES' SALE- IN ACCORDANCE WITH
-L the terms and under the authority • of a certain
deed of ■ trust, duly executed by J. M. HUDSON,
party of the first part, to HKNRY.C. CAMPBELL
and THADOE US B. KENT, trustees, parties of
the second part, and the ' SAN * FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
September Ist, 1890, and recorded In the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Tulare, State
of California, in liber 7 of trust deeds, at pages 250
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 23d day of January, : 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said . SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the notes (No. 10,327), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust • was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sums and other sums due
under said notes and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKUs B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estatedescribed therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THaPDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do b»reby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 3d day of March, A.D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of E ASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO., 688 Market
street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin ' of the
United States, all I that I piece or parcel of \ land
situate in the County of Tulare, State of California,
described as follows, to-wit: ■.. " \ '■.._■ ; ■.'., -._ - . ;
| 'According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States: - ; ':
' In Township seventeen (17) south, range twenty-
five (25) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian, of
section twenty-nine (26), the north half (N Vj),
containing three hundred and twenty (320) acres
of land, more or < less, together : with ■■ the : ap-
purtenances. , 1-. - - • • ' :-;■ '-:■-. .■';
- TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of ■ the
United States, ten per cent pay-able to the -under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless . for want
of title (,t" n days being allowed for search)," then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the I sale to be
"void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ; ■-."..,
...... HENRY C. CAMPBELL, 1t';,,...
: THADDEUSB.KENT. i i rUBte e»-
-;"•'_■-■•','-■' V.'sKwiNG^MACHiNEs.'";/-'.'; :■■■;;:>
- A LL KINDS BOUGHT.iSOLD, EXCHANGED^
A rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
--■': '■■ CITY. KEAI, .ESTATE. ■-..■-, '. \
i'y- c KACH-^6 L^T^r^RTAUSSION^STn
tj!_j I 0 26x70.'. •-■ •' - -• ' -■'.■ ,'• . -- .
$450 each— Slots; fronting two streets; 25x90.
$4000— On utter st. ; improved; rents for $30.
$1200— House of 5 rm3-: payments to suit: 25x70.
$300— Lot at Ocean View on Orizaba; 25x125.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth.
ISSION-ST. ■-■ INVESTMENT — business
portion of the street : large lot and brick build-
ing; can be altered at small cost to pay well. ■ ■
THOMAS MAOEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery sj;.
Q^finn JtENT.s"^); 2HOCSES OF 4
*J!UUUU. tenements each; on Filbert st; 23x
137:6, to rear street; street work done; bouse on
rear street, only 5 years old; this property must be
sold title perfect; make an oiler. H. MURPHY,
628 Market st. ' ■ ...
«• TT^Hrt yoR COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
«Jp±DUU. and bath. 11 Florence 6U, off Vallejo,
bet. Jones and Taylor. .. ■ . •
IP OR SALE-CHEAP: 'LOT 26x125; WITH
X new cottage of 5 rooms: 131 Diamond st. Ap- '
ply4l'j32d st.. .;...■
< 1 Illill • FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
VJ-W". Cal. and Nev. R. R. In Berkeley; $50
down. $15 monthly.
.$350-1 acr« hill land; $5 monthly. . •
$750— Business lot; 50x100: $10 monthly.
200— Lot 26x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. ; No reasonable off refused. Apply
28V 2 Zoe st., city. ,
3 FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc, built for $3200; 5-room cottage
and bath. Sl5OO. JAS McCOXAHAY.II49 Mission
OUSE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE cel-
larand garden. lot 22:6x96.' 2439 Lai-kin st.
COINTKi: KEAIi ESTATi,.
ffljl PER acre! :.: -~-~^~~
*IP i -+ J Prune orchard almost given away:
66 acres of prunes, and almonds, 7 years old, that
will compare with : any orchard in the State; soil,
water, climate, shipping all first cla«a; this is the
beat buy in California. For further particulars
apply to BOVEE, TOY SONNTAG. ;
■ •'_' • . i 19 Montgomery st.. -- ■
•j___ '-' ' ' San Francisco.
\\r ANTED— TO LEASE RANCH; RENT MUST
be low. R.. box 12, Call. .' ■ ' - . ,
range blossom COLONS, ■•■.... -
.- OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CATj.
..,. Beautiful young orange proves In tracts of 5 acres
end upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half mile's, from Oakdale, the principal nation
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line ween
gtocKton and Merced. ' The Stanislaus' and Sari
Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and ilia property has a per-
petual water right. ........ - -■-.■■;
. We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloous. Thß -property is under the immediate
- direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and ' medals at eight
' different county fairs in the Stat") and for a small
consideration cares ior the orange groves tor non-
residents. • ■.'■■■-.;.• ■ -.. " '
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent. spore for hunters. - '. ..- ;
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water right
»nd : planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with folly paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: ' The purchase price payable la
bix annual payments, . without Interest; title per-'
lect and liberal discount for cash. ?
. For further particulars, maps and catalogues, al-
clresd . •■.•-...'...- .-;■-/ ,:- : -■
KASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
' . . 638 Market Street,
.... .■" . san Francisco, CaL
Or F. T. KNEWINO, our representative,
Oakdale, CaL.
J^OR SALE— 2BO ACRES GOOD. LAND IN
Tuolumne County; cheap for cash. 1714 Polk.
AN IDEAL PLACE
For Campers, Summer Outing or Poultry. •
162 acres, only $10 per acre: 40 miles from this
city and 2Vi miles from station; never-tailing
salmon and trout stream ; 3-room cabin :. ud chicken
house: plenty game and deer.
• HUGH SKIELS, 602 Market St., Crocker bldg. ;
ESTABLISH ............16 YEARS.
■-■ N. D. SICK ELS
• . . • . THE
■ •'■■■■■-: LAND AGENT. :^ : '
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
latest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
C\d(\ ACRES; GOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN
vJ_;V/ bouse; chicken house; spring water piped
to bouse: large spring which will furnish all water
needed for irrigation; all fenced; no frosts: one-
quarter of this is the best of orance and lemon
land: very small first -payment; long time, com-
mencing next fall: low interest ; price only *6 per
acre. WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE. TO TOWN! Tm^
JU proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years'. credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st.. S. F.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. ■ '„- - .:„ >-;
• .-'"■ :*.'•;■ Rancho de No vato. ' . .
Tracts ont any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. . ■;■• ■> ■-■ . - .:::-*'s
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. .
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building. . • • : . ' .• ■
END FOR OCR LlsTr~OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTKR & \VH ITTON. San Joae.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
O EXCHANGE— BEARING LEMON OR-
chard, $8000, Southern California, for Oak-
land or Berkeley property. 'J. H. EDSON, 908
Broadway, Oakland.
BtJB I NESS~ FOR SALE; GOOD BARGAIN:
home bakery and confectionery; cheap rent;
•fine location: pays well;, owner leaving town;
F. C. WATSON, 4*53 Ninth St., Oakland.
Ofci P. A LOTS NKAK THIS Ai.liiNH.KiM IN
«P-LclV/. Frnitvale; electric can; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvement*.
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 903 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
A!. AM DA KKAX f STATE.
tiS+jiJO\J . cottage 6 rooms; a nice home in a
fashionable ■ quarter of Alameda; a bargain for
speculation. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st. .
ffljOOnn $50 CASH, $22 60 MONTHLY; 5
«IP^^-V/V/. rooms and bath: perfectly new cot-
tage.'- ■■■ •■■.-■ r - ■ ■
$2400— N0 cash: $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.- •' . ■
$3000— 560 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 6
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
$8250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
■ cant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath. . -
- $3500— cash, $35 monthly: 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAHCUSH * REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda and 628 Market St., San Francisco. • • ■.
T/iOR~ SALE-FINE HOME ON CENTRAL
X 1 aye., cost $11,500. now offered for $9000,
choice property: lot 69x400 with water front, offer
wanted: flue Investment in vacant lots. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park at., Alameda. ' ■•
SANTA CLARA COUMTY.
. . . . kea_ estate.
SANTA CL^rA^C^C^Tr^TROPERTy""
- for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful ground*;
large oaks; suitable f6r gentleman's home, semi-
nary or Hummer boarding: with 160 acres or less;
•table, - two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
.well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, pigs, chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7years: 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For"price and fur her particulars apply
K. McCUßßlE. office Lloyd Tevis, MtlUbldg.S. i"
_____________________________ _____
s n jose houses.
S~aST joslc^t^ve^lVe^room resTdenc^e-
modern Improvements: . large barn; : nice
grounds: within five minutes' walk of the busi-
ness center of the city: for rent, furnished or un-
furnished. Address 255 North Third St., San Jose.
AIAIIKIAGE LICENSES.
* The following marriage licen^ns were issued or
the County Cleric's office yesterday: / . •
W. M. Kilborn and Minnie May Wedde, 24—18.
F. W. Bennett and Margery. Helen Ra?. 31—19.
I S. Kaufruann and Bertie VVasserman, 29— 23.
Charles C. Grotber and Mary Friss, 21—21. .
Thomas Conlin and Adelaide McDufiie, 28—24.
' Albert O. Wolf ana Jennie Pliven. 31—26. t.
♦ Harry P. Weaver and Mary W. Miller. 32—29.
.. Charles H."Berrlnger and Mary Dlez. 23—22.
_, , • .'DIVUKU- yilOi)iui£lJi2i<iS. •■ .
Complaints filed: ■'
Charles Spahn against Minnie G. Spahn.
. Emily McCoy against J. A. McCoy. *.
. Mary E. Hicks against Robert M. Hicks.
Divorce granted: ; ."- ' :'■ . "\ ■'
Vera -O'Donnell from George A. O'Donnell, for
'cruelty: by Judge Trout t. - . •■ , . . _•
MARRIAGES— DEATHS,"
; [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted.: They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
to have tho same published. 1 . ,
.' ':■'.■ ';:iX~ '.y.--k BORN; * - ; •.';.'.-■•'■ ■
APPLETON— in this city, February 26, 1896, to
;> ths wife of H.Apple ion, a daughter. „ = . '  . :
BRENNA N— ln Golden Gate, February 25, 1896,"
i.;to the wife of J. E. Brennau, a son. ?-•-,-'
BUND— February 23, 1896, to the wife of \ Charles
;.. Bund, a son. W* ■*';: : ; V*\'v,tKr v ' ■ "■.'■..-' ,-
MacLEAN— In thisfcity, February 25, 1896, to the
wife of H. M. Maclean, a son. :
LINDSAY— In this city, February 19, 1896, to the
wife of W. P.. Lindsay, a son. ... . . : •• . .
BAFFESTIX— In this city, February 18, 1896,
to the wife of Emil Kaffestin, a daughter. V
TRELUT— In this city, Tebruary 23, 1896, to the
wife of E. A. Trelut, a daughter.
WEIR- In -East Oakland, February 18, 1898, to
the wife of G. H. Weir, a son. ■
WOLFE-In this city,. February; 27, 1896, to the
wife of A. Wolfe, a son. • .- -
.: MARKfKI).
GP.OTHEER— FRIIS— In this city. February 26. :
1896, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Charles C.
Groiheer and Mary Friis. •
— " ™^" "~ ■»_—_»-—————————-—■ — -— -*q
U1KI).
. Bad(rs,Harry Grady, Ellert '
P»aurl, Henry Heley, James L. '
Brown, Alice Hogan, Maßgie L.
Berry, Josephine Hough, Martin
Burress, John E. Knowles. Burton H.
Carlson, Louis W. . Mapledoram, Myron C.
Chelini, Annie' Schmllt. Jean • ..
Claussen, Mrs. E. Siebrecht, Gnstav E.
Crowley, Joanna ' Sullivan, Timothy H.
. Crowley, Samuel S. Stapleton, Josephine
Doud, Airs. N. A. Tenneason, Beniligte
Driscoll, William . Tnorneloe, Constance
.: . Wilson, William P. ■ . ;
BANGS— In this city, February 26, 1896, Harry
Bangs, beloved son of Albert H. and Elizabeth
Bangs, a muive of San Francisco, aged 11 years
-•6 months and 26 days. , • •- • .
J93~Frlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from 'the residence
of his parent*. 24 Lapidge street, -interment pri-
vate at Masonic Cemetery.
BAURL— In this city, February 26, 1896. nenry
Hanrl. a native of Germany? aged 66 years.
BERRY- In this city, February 23. 1896, Joseph-
ine, beloved daughter of W. D. and Kate Berry,
and sister of Kiltie Wallace Berry, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 19
days. '
BROWN— In West Berkeley, February 26. 1896.
Alice, beloved wife of the late John Brown, and
aunt of Joseph Devine, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 47 years. ■-. ..
03"Fridhds and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. University avenue, between Sixth and
Seventh streets, thence to St. Joseph's Ctmrin,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
■ for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a.m. Interment St." Mary's Cemetery,
• Oakland. . ' . ■:"•.'■.
BURRESS — Tn Beaumont. Cat., February 25,
1896, John X., beloved husband Of Fannie Bur-
rpss, and father of -Mrs. W. C. Brown and Mrs. L.
i. Tbiers, a native of Tennessee, aged 56 years
and 11 days. . -, . ':
j£S"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(■Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from tne par- ■
lors of N. W. Leitch & Co., 878 Broadway, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CARLSON— In this city. February 27. 1896, Louis
Walter, beloved son of August and Mathilda
Carlson, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
8 months and 1 days. '
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from the residence
of the parents, 15 Elsie street, Holly Park. ! In-
• terment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■'''
CHELINI— In this city, February 27,1896, Annie,
dearly beloved wife' of Joseph Chelini,, and
mother of Emil, John, Joseph; Moille and Annie
Chelini and Mrs. E. Keith, a native of Italy, aged
47 years and 5 months. - ■ .
JK_-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CLA OSBKN— In this city, February 25, 1896, Mrs.
Elizabeth,- beloved wife of Nicholas Claussun,
a native of Ireland, aged 39 years.
« t ' Remain* At tho undertaking parlors of
Valente, Marlnl <fe Co., 1524 Stockton Bireeu
CROWLEY— In this city, February 27, 1896,
Joanna Crowley, beloved cousin of the late Tim-
othy Murphy ana Mrs. Callaghan. a native of
Killmichel, County Cork, Ireland, aged tits years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence ot Mrs. Timothy Murphy, 323 Filbert
street, near Kearny, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
' for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. . ■ .'-....
CROWLEY— In this city, February 26, 1896.
Samuel S., beloved son of Chief of Police P. and
■■ Mary a. Crowley, a na.ive of San Francisco.
. j£B-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:80 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence," ■ 1628 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery,. - Please Omit flowers.
DOUD— In this city, February 26. 1896, Mrs. N. A.
Doud, a native of Meadville, Pa., aged ,77 years
and 5 months. [Meadville (Pa.) papers please
copy.l ' , • '
■ _5-THe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at, 12:30 o'clock P. M., from the
residence o! her daughter. Mrs. Nettie A. Wood,
interment strictly private a£ Mountain View
Cemetery. Please omit flowers;
DRISCOLL — In the City ana County Hosuital,
February 27, 1896, William Driscoll, aged 38
years. * - ■
GRaDY— In this city, February 27. 1898, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Grady. a native of County
Meath. Ireland, aged 60 years.
JOTS'" Frie tie's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 clock a. _ from her late
r. ,-iiden^e, G27 Jfsslestreet, thence to St. Joseph's
■ . Church, .where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com menc-"
ing at 9:50 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy crew*
Cemetery. , ' . '■' " v
HALEY— In 'his city, February 26. 1596, James
, L.. beloved son of Bridget and the late Patrick
Haley, and brother of John, Frank, Thomas and
Mary Haley, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
. years 6 mouths and 3 days.
tffFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 12 Converse street, oft* Bry-
ant, between Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, wher^ services will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . . - . '
HOGAN— In this city. February 26. 1896, Magele
L., beloved daughter of Masrele and the late Ed-
ward Hogan, and sister of Mary, Richie. Willie
and Muck Hojran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 1 years 3 months and 26 days. . - .
, JK3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10:M0 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the mother. 11l Clinton street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HOUGH— In this city. February 26. 1896, Martin
Hough, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years:
KNOWLES— In Oakland. February 27, 1896. Bar-
ton Hill Knowles, beloved husband of Isabella
■Knowles (nee Nitchell), a native of Maine, aged.
j 40 years.
MAPELDORAM— In this city, February 26. 1896,
Myron C. Mapeldoram, a native of Monxicello,
N.Y., aged 41 years. . . . •
'. ayFriends and 1 , acquaintances are" respect- .
fully invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of 11. C. Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHMITT— In Alameda. February 26. 1896. Jean
G. Schmitt, beloved husband of Anna Schmitt,
and father of Mrs- Anna Simon, Mrs. J. Pierre,
and Jeau, Constance. Paul. Marie and Bertha
Schmftt, a native of France, aged 66 years and 10
months.
*J-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
.'(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 638 Haight avenue, Alameda. thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Interment strictly pri-
vate. . ' . '
SIEBRECHT— In this city, February 27, 1896,
Gnstav Edward, beloved son of Marie and the
late William Siebrecht, and brother of Adolph,
Gustav, Max. Emy and Alvlna Siebrecht, a na-
tive of Scnmalkalden, Germany, aged '27 years
and 8 months.
■ tSf Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
March 1. at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 36 Tllden street, off Fif-
teenth, near Castro. Interment X. O. O. F. Ceme-
t ery. ' •
STAPLETON— In this city, February 26. 1898,
Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of Annie and
the late John Stapleton, sister of Mrs. J. Palmer,
Mrs. M. J. Bolger. Mrs. H. Rutter and the late
■ Margaret . McKeand, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 29 years. ?■■■• - ■ •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvi:ea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1424 Grove street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Page street and Masonic avenue, where
a requiem- high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. M. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In' this city, : February 25, 1898,
Timothy H. Sullivan, beloved husband of Annie
Sullivan, and father of Josephine. Mabel. Wil-
' Ham, Daniel, Belle, Kittie. Frank, Albert and
George Sullivan, a native of Dunmanway, County :
• Cork. Ireland, aged 51 Tears!
_sT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
I residence, 22 Ford street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
i commencing at 9 o'clock a. _.<> -Interment
■" Holy Cross Cemetery.
TF.NNESSON-I: this city, February 26, 1896,
Bendlgte Tennesson. beloved daughter of Tounes
and Llzzlft Tennesson,- a native of Sun Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 27 days. : -.-. .
flfyFriends* and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it.: from her late resi-
dence, 1410 Kearny street. Interment I. O. O. F.
- Cemetery. ■ ■
THORNELOW— Tn the City and County Hospital.
February 26, 1896, Constance Thornelow, aged
■ 65 years.
WILSON— In Oakland, February 27. 1898. Wil-
liam -P. Wilson, a native of Sweden, aged 71
years 3 months and 6 days. .• . ■- -
1 UNITED UXDEKrAK.ER.S* .
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. "'•'" —
J Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. \
McAVOY _ GALLAGHER/ . I
; \ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KES,
': tO Fifth St.,' Opp. Lincoln School.
;:;; : !V. ;-*•;;: ". r ' : Telephone 8080. " ■.: ' :' ; : *
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY.
i TN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NQN-SECTARIAIT|
! X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care;- beau-
. tiful, permanent and ei; jy of access; - see It before
■ feurilig a burial place elsewhere. -.
| ■ City Office* 9 City Hall At»b«
1516
ANARCHISTS TO
ORGANIZE HERE
Pietro Gori's Followers to I
Band Themselves
Together.
WILL BE DONE PUBLICLY
—
He Was Exiled From Switzer
land for Making Such
a Society.
HOW GORI SOWED THE SEEDS.
Two Clever Purpose Plays That Will
Be Produced Next Sunday.
"Thy Neighbor."
The anarchists of this City are about to
organize under the leadership or Pietio
Gori.
A few weeks ago San Francisco did not
know the meaning of the word anarchist
in any practical way. Reports had come
from Chicago and other centers from time
to time of anarchist doings, but the Far
West knew none of these things except by
hearsay. All that is changed now, how- j
ever. One of the most brilliant anarchists |
of modern times has been in this City
making an active propaganda for several [
weelts, and the result of his instructions is !
that the local anarchists now feel them- j
eeJves strong enough to organize formally, j
If Pietro Gori bad spoken in English in- j
stead of Italian, as he has been doing, the ;
largest hall in the City would probobly j
have been too small to accommodate his [
listeners. He is not only a convincing !
speaker, this young lawyer who was ex- !
iled from home and country on account of
his fanatical devotion to the principles of
Proudbon, but he is an orator of the type
that sways the multitude, and lately he
has been exercising his oratorical powers
in a tongue unknown to the City Fathers,
it is true, but a tongue in which he has
found many ready listeners. The result
of his eloquence will be seen in a few days
in the formal organization of a band of
anarchists in San Francisco.
"We do not intend to make any secret of
our organization," said Signor Gori yester
day. "Everything will be open and above
board. We snail organize and then I shall
go to carry on the propaganda elsewhere. !
The date of our forma! banding together is
not yet fixed, but it will probaDJy be in a
few days."
When .Signor Gori attempted to organize
a band of anarchists in Switzerland he
was promptly expelled from that land of
liberty. Among all the continental coun
tries of Europe there is not one that gives
its people more individual liberty than
ttie little Alpine republic, but the authori
ties draw the line at incipient anarchist
organizations. When Mr. Gori was ex
pelled from Switzerland tie was associated ■.
with a newspaper 111 Lugano, where his
brilliant pen was beginning to make him a
power in the canton.
The editors of the paper managed to es
cape being mixed up in the anarchist
affair, though some suspicion of aiding
the propaganda fell upon them at the
time. It was a great grief to Gori to be
exiled from Lugano, for from the adjoining i
mountains he could look down upon the
plain of Lombardy and the city of Milan,
from whence his principles had caused ;
him to be exiled by tne Italian Govern- ;
ment.
Although an anarchist boasts that he has
no country and no fatherland, Gori must
have felt being banished from the frontiers
of Italy, for when forced to leave Switzer
land he wrote a poem, "Adieu to Lugano,"
which is considered one of the finest con- j
tributions to modern Italian poetry.
Rumor says that Mr. Gori was also ban
ished from England for preaching too pro
noaneed a type of anarchy, but this has [
not been proved. Indeed the anarchist :
himself says that the peopie who share his
belief always advise their followers to go j
to the Continent when they feel the de- \
sire to throw bombs grow too strong to be I
controlled, for that England has . not !
shown herself inhospitable enough to the :
brotherhood to deserve being subjected to ;
such inconveniences as bomb-throwers.
Whether he was banished from England I
or not Gori came to America resolved to i
devote his most remarkable talents to i
making a propaganda in this country, i
There is .little doubt but that he is the I
agent of a society that exists in the East!
and is affiliated with similar organizations
in Europe, only in the older and less free .
countries more caution has to be observed !
and ihe propaganda has to be carried on j
to a gre.at extent in secret. Santo Ctesario
was banished from Italy for distributing
anarchist handbills which were very mild
indeed compared to some of the brilliant i
flights of oratory in which Pietro Gori has
indulged.
With his talents, Pietro Gori could be
making a fortune at the bar. for he is a
lawyer by profession, but he has the bee of j
anarchy in his bonnet, and has sworn to j
live and die for the cause. Every one
knew, when he arrived in San Francisco,
that he was not here for his health. Be
fore he had been a day in the City his
winning manners and facile tongue won
him followers. During the weeks that he
has talked in public and private, he has
been, as lie himself say;*, "sowing the
seeds of anarchy." The crop is almost
ready for tiie harvest now, and in the
course oi a few days the result of Gori's
labors will be seen in organization of
the first band of anarchists west of the
Rockies.
There is great interest in the Italian
colony in the performance of Pietro
Gori's two plays, which will take place
next Sunday evening in Apollo Hall.
Both works have been highly spoken of
by the critics in Italy. The drama which
will be performed first is called 'Troorimus
Tans" ( Thy Neighbor). It takes its name
from a statue by a famous Italian sculptor,
representing a woman in the depths of
poverty and called 'Thy Neighbor" in a
spirit of satire at the way in which the ex
isting state of society fails to fulfill tha
Scriptural injunction of loving its neigh
bor as itself. The scene of "Proximus
Tuus" is laid in a pawnshop.
The other play, "II Primo Maggio" (The
First of May). deals with social questions,
and is said to show its writer to be a disciple
of Ibsen in his dramatic methods. It is
described as a symbolic drama, and has a
prologue in verse. A number of Italian
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Drftfetl Baking
Sk $£&&&& I WTfUVI
ABSOLUTELY PURE
amateurs will perform the plays. In "II
Primo Maggio" will be sung Pietro Gori s
"Song of the First of May," which is a
sort of ode on the labor question, and is
said to be very inspiriting.
WOULD NOT ACQUIT.
A Jury in Hip Haskell Case Would Not
Obey the Court's
Order.
B. G. Haskell was before Judge Bahrs
yesterday on a trial for embezzlement.
The complaining witness, William H.
Young, alleged that Haskell collected
$1000 upon a compromise of a case in which
he was interested, and that he turned over
no part of it to its rightful owner. Haskell
was retained for 25 per cent of the receipts
of the case, and so of the $1000 he should
have turned over $750 to Young.
The defense or cross-examination drew
out the fact that the complaining witness
had on May 13 accepted Haskell's note for
the $750. The compromise had been made
on February 14. This acceptance, the
defense contended, was an admission on
the part of the defense that Haskell was a
debtor and not an embezzler of Young's
money.
When the prosecution had closed its
case counsel for defendant moved for an
instruction to acquit upon the theory, as
stated, that Haskell was not an embezzler.
The jury was ordered out, but the jurymen
did not agree. They refused to acquit
upon the instruction of the court and they
were finally taken back into court to listen
to the testimony of th« defense. The case
will, therefore, continue to-day.
BOTH FOUR YEARS OLD.
Two Birthdays That Occur on Wash
ington's Birthday.
On the occasion of their anniversary,
which occurred on Washington's birthday,
Raphael Brothers, the Kearny-street
clothiers, received the photograph of a
wee morsel of humanity who, it happens,
was born on the same day as the father of
her country, and with the picture was a
letter from the father of the little beauty.
Alice Martha Sage is the name of the lat
ter.
Alice is a native daughter, born at Mo
desto, Stanislaus County, in 1892, but lives
now with her parents at Pacheco, Contra
Costa County. Little Alice sends her
greetings to Raphael's and wishes, very
naively, both herself and the clothiers,
"lots of happy birthdays." She sends her
picture for good luck, and the recipients of
it prize both it and the ingeniously worded
epistle accompanying it very highly.
HALE & NORCROSS FIGHT
Efforts of Jeremiah Lynch to
Rally the Stock
holders.
Denial That He Has Made an Alli
ance With Robert F.
Morrow.
The contest which Jeremiah Lynch is
making to wrest the control of the Hale
.t Norcross mine from the present board i
of directors is receiving marked attention
in mining circles. He avers distinctly
♦hat it is not his purpose to close down the
mine if he gets control, but on the other
hand he does propose to introduce meth
ods of reform and economy in the man
agement. He says, however, that the
mine had better be closed than kept run
ning under what he callß "the waste and
extravagance of the present board."
In an interview last evening Mr. Lynch
said:
"Since my recent visit to Virginia City
-I am convinced that the mine can be I
worked profitably to the stockholders.
Vet, when I consider that since the first
decision of the Superior Court was ren
dered four years ago the sum of $300,000
has been taken from stockholders in as
sessments, and in addition to that $100,000 1
has been squandered, I cannot be blamed !
for saying that it would be better to close
•iown than continue running under such
waste arid extravagance."
"They take out an average of four tons a
Uay, and here and in Virginia City thirty
;>eople are employed, all of whom live like
vampires on the stockholders."
Mr. Lynch was asked what success he
had met with so far in his efforts to get
the support of stockholders for a change of
management, and his reply was:
"There is every prospect that I will con
trol a vast majority of the stock before the
day of election. Stockholders are coming
to my office every day giving offers of sup
port. No, I cannot tell you now how
many shares of the stock we control, but
we will get enough, and no mistake. The
chief objection, I rind, comes from the
directors. Of the seven directors six of
them do not own more than rive shares
apiece. They have no more interest in
the mine than a Congo African. Of
course, they want to keep themselves in
office, and nourish of the expense of stock
holders.
"They have circulated the absurd rumor,"
continued Mr. Lynch, "that I have made
an alliance with Robert F. Morrow to get
control of Hale <fc Norcross. Now, I want
to affirm distinctly that I have not maue i
an alliance with Mr. Morrow or with any
other person who does not own stock. I
rely for support in this contest on stock
holders who are weary of paying assess
ments to perpetuate a career of waste and
mismanagement. Since seeing the mine I
am convinced that there should be no as
sessment this year, and that raining ope
i rations should not be suspended. In Jan
' vary of this year the present board ex-
I pended $7000. The work performed could
j have been done lor $4000."
Mr. Lynch mentioned that there was
I rich ore in the north end of the mine
; which could be worked to the profit of the
Stockholders, but. he said, it did not
i serve the purpose of the present directory
to work it.
In the Superior Court, when Judge Heb
; bard found that $750,000 should be re
turned to Hale & Norcross, he based his
I estimates on car samples attesting the
', value of the ore. The Supreme Court in
dicated that a battery sample would have
been a better or fairer test of the ore value.
j It is cited as a significant fact that Super
j intendentßyan subsequently testified that
! after a battery clean-up had been made,
showing $26 to the ton, there was found in
the mortar additional gold which brought
thfl value up to $39 per ton.
From this it appears to Mr. Lynch that
the car sample is really the fairer test of
the two. No one, he avers, can approxi
mate how much gold t.ha mortars had
withheld in the Comstock. The mills
have always been paying on the battery
sample, when much of the gold was not
then shpwn.
The principal value of Hale «fe Norcross
to-day is the legal assets. The sum of
$1,000,000 is due the stockholders, and Mr.
Lynch is confident that it will be paid.
The proper method to pursue, in the judg
ment of Mr. Lynch, is to run the mine
economically, cut off high-salaried vam
pires and get an honest return for money
I expended.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1896.
A FUN TO ROB
THE TREASURY
Why Custodian Widber
Bought Murderous
Weapons.
MONDAY NEXT THE TIME
Sawed-Off Shotguns and Big
Navy Revolvers Are Now
Handy.
FOREWARNED AND FOREARMED
A Timely Hint That Put the Police
on the Alert— Plan of the
Situation.
In consequence of a warning recently re
ceived by Treasurer Widber, the custodian
of the public funds, the interior of the City
treasury now presents almost the appear-
• THE ADVANCE OF THE STUDENTS UPON THE CAMPUS.
ance of an armory, and the bank-robbers
who attempt a raid there will meet with a
reception that will be the reverse of peace
able.
Heavy sawed-off shotguns, such as are
used by express-messengers and treasure
guards, all capable of throwing murder
ous ciiargeß of buckshot, stand behind the
counters in places where they come per
fectly handy to the clerks, but are invisi
ble to those outside, while navy revolvers
of the latest pattern and carrying heavy
rifle cartridges are equally available on all
sides. All are fully loaded and ready for
an emergency, which, while it is hoped
will not arise, has been fully prepared for.
Shortly after the daring robbery of the
Market-street Savings Bank, when the
highwaymen succeeded in getting away
with $3600, and whicn warned the police
that a desperate gang of bank thieves had
begun operations in this City, an intima
tion was received that Buspicious-looking
characters had been seen spying about the
City treasury.
Not long "after, through one of those
mysterious sources which is such a puzzle
to the average man, information was re
ceived that ao attempt would be made to
loot the treasury and carry away the con
tents of some of the many trays of shining
j gold which can be seen through the nar
row windows whore the cashier holds
' forth.
Information of this kind seldom comes
to the authorities first hand, but often
filters through a dozen mouths before it
reaches the ears that are ever eager for
such matters, and then the silent, unassum
ing looking men of the detective force be
gin to trace the stories through their
devious windings until they are shown to
have foundation or to be meie rumors.
How the story of the contemplated raid
on the treasury finally reached the police
will perhaps never be known, but it did
come to them, and within one hour trusted
men were quietly at work on the case.
That the detectives found cood grounds
for a belief that the desperadoes were con
templating a raid is evidenced by the
prompt action of Treasurer Widber in
preparing to give them a warm reception.
Within a day or two of the time when the
warning was received he visited the estab
lishment of R. Liddle & Co., the Mont
gomery-street gun dealers, and purchased
a small arsenal.
He first picked out two 10-gauge shot
guns of modern pattern. These weapons
are capable, with a charge of five drams
of powder and an ounce and a half of
buckshot, of tearing a human body in a
irightful manner at any distance up to
thirty yards. The charge would be calcu
lated to kill at even three times that dist
ance, and not only are these guns cruel
weapons but they are handy and wonder
fully accurate. Next Mr. Widber picked
out live revolvers, four of 38 cajiber and
one of 41. The latter is fully as effective
as a rifle at short distances, and the others
are handy weapons for close range fight
ing. Cartridges, holsters and other acces
sories made up the array that was at once
installed in the treasury.
The details obtained" by the officers of
i would naturally follow a fusillade of pistol
the law were necessarily meager, for the
trail they were following stopped before it
reached the robbers, but the impression
•was gained that the attempt would be
made on Monday next. Color was sriven
to the theory that the day mentioned
would be selected from the" fact that on
that date the second installment of taxes
for the current year is due and the corri
dors in the vicinity of the treasury would
be crowded with tax- payers.
; Escape would be easy in the panic which
I shots in the treasury. If no conflict oc
| enrred it would be easy for the robbers to
j step out into the crowd and slip away be
fore the alarm pould be given.
The location of the treasury is singularly
favorable to such an attempt. Within
sight of its doors and only a few feet away
are three exits, two to the streets and one
to the basement of the hall, while the
main corridor of the hall with exits at
either end is but a few steps away. The
stairway to the basement, with its dark,
damp corridors and labyrinth of pas
sages, is almost directly opposite the doors
of the treasury and could easily be reached
by an active ma-n in live seconds. Once in
the basement any one of a half dozen
exits could be used before the alarm could
be given. Almost equally available is the
• most easterly McAliister-street entrance,
while to the south Park avenue could be
reached within a few seconds. Any of
these three exits would appeal most
strongly to men who had carefully studied
the matter.
Inside the treasury the situation is
hardly less favorable." Along the entire
length of the counter a screen of wood and
glass with curtains inside prevents those
outside from seeing what is going on be
hind the counter, but as it is not three feet
in height it would form no obstacle to a
daring robber, who could place his hands
on its top step on the edge of the counter,
where a ledge several inches in width was
Jeft, and raise himself to a position where
;.a revolver would command the entire
; -office. The coin trays would be within ten
feet of him.
Had not th : Treasurer been forewarned
and forearmed the chances of failure
would not have been greater than those
taken by the robbers who loottd the Mar
ket-street establishment.
The proceeds of success would have been
great, for each day when the vaults are
opened heavy trays of golden eagles,
double and half eagles are carried out and
placed within reach of the cashier's hands.
These aggregaxe many thousands of dol
lars, the total in the treasury being more
than a million dollars, and the loot would
only be limited by the ability of the rob
bers to carry their burdens.
THE RAILROAD SCORED.
Wells, Fargo & Co. >.-ivh It Has Been
Overcharged.
At a meeting of the Harbor Commission
ers yesterday It. R. Swain, the new archi
tect, filed his bond and the contract was
signed by the Commissioners. Swain's
bondsmen for the faithful building of the
new ferry depot are the members of the
American Surety Company of New York.
E. Mason Cooper and Henry W. Titus of
Wells, Fargo <fc Co. appeared before the
board in regard to the charges made by
the Southern Pacific Railroad ior the
accommodation given the express com
pany. Mr. Cooper said plainly that the
railroad was charging them tolls on more
goods than they shipped. "I have looked
into the matter," said Commissioner Cole,
"and I have come to the conclusion that
the Southern Pacific 'is charging $125 for
goods that should not have aggregated
more than $70 or $80 in tolls."
After Mr. Titus had explained that
they were paying rent, to the commission
for space and also had to pay tolls to the
railroad the Commissioners decided to
take the matter under advisement. Presi
dent Colnon, however, told Messrs.
Cooper and Titus that tlie matter of tolls
would have to be arranged by themselves
with the Southern Pacific, but that for the
space occupied by Wells-Fargo charges
would be regulated so as to give exact jus
tice to all.
The Boulder Creek Labor Exchange
wrote asking the board to do all in its
power to promote a free fruit market.
The secretary was told to reply that the
commission had set apart section 4 of the
seawall for a fruit market and that as soon
as the fruit men got together and formed
an organization the baurd would all in its
power to assist them.
Cotton Bros.' bill for $2100 for work on
Howard-street wuarf was allowed.
An electric storm at sea is one of the
alarming experiences to which » mariner
is exposed, but, as a matter of record, it is
one that is least fruitful in disastrous re
sults. As a rule, few precautions are
taken to guard against a stroke of light
nine, especially in the merchant service.
Rear-Admiral Dale, commander of the
Britis i flying squadron, first saw active
service at the capture of the Peiho forts,
in the Chinese war of 1858. It is said that
his superiors look upon him as a man who
may be depended upon to do nothir g rash
or inconsiderate.
"BAH FOR REINSTEIN!"
State University Students at
Work on Their Campus
Yesterday.
THE PICK-AND-SHOVEL BRIGADE
An Exciting "Cane Rush" for the
Possession of a Broken Shovel-
Handle.
"Rah! rah! s-h-o-v-e-l! Rah, for Rein
stein! Where's me pick?"
These were some of the variety of yells
heard on the uiiiversity campus yesterday
afternoon when the entire corps of stu
dents lined up for a "dirt rush," as they
called it. Eegent Reinstein looked over
his noisy army of laborers, then at the
carts, wheelbarrows and other grading im
plements and wondered if the Varsity
athletes would tackle the banks of
earth to be moved as they would have
tackled a Stanford team on the foot
ball field. He had called upon
them to expend some surplus mus
cular energy upon improving the grounds
and they had lesponded four or five
hundred strong. But Falstaff never
looked over so motely an array as greeted
the regent's eye. Each young fellow had
ransacked closet, garret, basement, wood-
shed and even the dreary precincts of the
"old clo' man" for a suitable and odd cos
tume for the occasion.
The old battered plug hats, bearing the
dents of hard-fought rushes, tattered ten
nis suits and even the overalls and jumper
of the legitimate laborer were brought out
for this extraordinary occasion. There
were recitations in the forenoon, but many
of them were cut short, so anxious were
the members of the classes to get into
their "labor-day" regimentals.
Many ot the students provided them
selves with short clay pipes, which they
inverted between their teeth as they plied
pick and shovel, as the proper thing for
wurkin' on the grade."
A few sweet "co-eds" ventured out to
look at their Varsity brothers, but the ap
pearance of that burlesque battalion was
not imposing in its beauty. They were
wise in their generation when they de
clined to provide luncheon tor that gang.
Dainty sandwiches and foamy coffee
handed around by lovely scholastic wait
resses would have been out of place in that
mob.- Beans and bacon and flapjacks
would have been a fitting fare for them, so
they themselves said, and they were proud
oi their rough exteriors.
Captain Ransome of the Varsity foot
ball team appointed himself the chief of
the crowbar gang, and during the day
drilled deep holea in the glbbe to encour
age his squad in prying bowlders out of
their primal bed. He had an able coad
jutor in ex-Captain Sherman, whose
knowledge of geology made him valuable
in the rock-lifting line.
Wittenmeyer, also of the football team,
was the big king of spades, and his gang
of shovelers went at tte banks of earth
like the Light Brigade against the Russian
batteries at Balaklava. Fred Koch, cap
tain of the track athletics, was cliief of the
department of repairs, an) was most active
in seeing that none of the wheelbarrows
were broken by the too enthusiastic work
men.
Clay Gooding, a prize haseballist, drove
a dump-cart with the skill of a Grecian
charioteer in the Olympian games. He
was gotten up in a pair of duck trousers,
a fuzzy Dan McCarthy white hat and a
tennis jacket that was louder than a col
lege yell.
Editor Hirst of the Daily Berkeleyan
was chief of the engineers and pointed
out grades to the workmen. Lieutenant
Mcc of the University Battalion emptied,
the dump-carts, and Captain Johnson of
the baseball team instructed him in his
duties. Brick Morse, one of the musical
prodigies of the Glee Club, was the Hebe
of tlie day and passed around the water
bucKet with unflagging zeal. Walter
Magee was the jehu of cart No. 1, with
Editor Fisher of the University Magazine
as hi 3 understudy. Athlete Dorn of ham
mer-throwing fame was the boss of the
barrows.
At 1 o'clock the battalion, headed by
the band playing the "Honeymoon
March," tramped down to the scene of
their labors, where Superintendent Mc-
Laren of Golden Gate Park had the picks,
shovels, barrows and carts awaiting them.
To get their hands in the classes immedi
ately improvised a number of exciting
wheelborrow iaces. Then President Friend
of the Association of Students addressed
the squads drawn up under their respec
tive officers. He told them in stirring
words that from the tops of yonder coast
range twice forty fenturies were looking
down at them. The eyes of the Republic,
of Stanford, of Linuokalani, of the com
ing Legislature, of Salisbury ana of the
Transvaal were on them.
He concluded his effort when a Cicer
oian clod of earth struck him between
the shoulders and the students sailed in.
The dirt flew. One gang worked oa the
main road-leading across the campus and
the larger company shoveled into the un
even ground in front of the north build
ing. Some of the soil there is exceedingly
rocky and the young fellows soon found
that working on the grade is not play.
But they stuck industriously to their job
and their shovels began to make a show
ing. The unusual spectacle of the stu
dents doing real old-fashioned work on
their campus attracted a large number of
visitors, who were as amused at the gro
tesque costumes of the laborers as at the
gravity of their manners.
President Kellogg, Regent Reinstein and
Professors Soule and Randall made their
rounds among the laborers, and the class
in civil engineering took grade sights
around the grounds. Lieutenant-Colonel
Bush, the brand-new officer on the staff of
Governor Budd, in brown jumper and
overalls, looked anything but military
among the dump carts and wheelbarrows.
At 4 o'clock the bugle sounded the "re
treat," and work stopped for the day.
However, the laborers were not quite-satis
fied with their exertions. A freshman was
seen walking across the campus with a
broken shovel handle in his hand. The
cry of "a freshman with a cane!" was
raised, and a score of sophomores pounced
upon him.
His class in turn charged down to his
rescue, and soon the hottest kind of a
''cane rush 1 ' was in evidence. The two
rival classes tugged and tackled and fought
for that shovel like savages. Other classes
formed flying wedges and flung themselves
into the mass of struggling students with
irresistible force. Regent Reinstein, fear
ing that some one would be injured as the
young feilows rolled and floundered over
their prize, tried tire power of the regency
upon the boys and endeavored to get the
broken shovel away from them ; but a
flying wedge struck him and he was lost in
the confusion. Finally the "rush" ended,
and the first "labor day" at the State Uni
versity was over.
To-day and to-morrow the work will go
on,.unless the threatening rainstorm makes
labor impossible.
THE CASE COMPROMISED
Paderewski's Secretary Acknowl
edges an Old Debt and
Squares Accounts.
The Action of J. S. Reid Against
Hugo Gorlitz Settled Satisfac-
torily to All Parties.
The case of J. S. Reid agajnst Huco Gor
litz, which was on trial before Justices
Barry and Kerrigan, has been settled sat
isfactorily to all parties. The action was
on an assigned claim of G. Verdier & Cc,
proprietors of the "City of Paris" store.
It was claimed that this firm gave credit
to Mr. Gorlitz some seventeen years ago
for certain dresses and otiier material to
be used in the production of '"Pinafor","
in which opera the wife of Mr. Gorlitz
took part.
Mr. Gorlitz, being obliged to- leave the
State about that time in the pursuit of his
business, dd not have an opportunity to
settle the bill until ii is recent arrival here
as the secretary of the great Paderewski.
A question of law was presented as to
whether this old account bore interest and
the suit, which was yesterday dismissed,
was the result. At the trial of the case
the defense was that the goods had been
furnished at the request of Fred .Lister,
the manager of the '"rinafore" opera, and
that he, not Mr. Gorlitz, was liable for the
bill. The memories of the witnesses were
not of the best after the lapse of seventeen
years, but the production of several letters
of Mr. Gorlitz, in which he recognized the
debt as his own and promised to adjust it,
recalled the old transacti6n and presented
the case in a new lignt to the defendant.
In a spirit of fairness and with a desire
to do full justice to a firm lhat had treated
him kindly Mr. Gorlitz made overtures
after tiie case had been tried and submit
ted to Day the principal in full, and also
offered to pay a portion of the accrued in
terest.
Messrs. Verdier & Co. promptly ac
cepted the ofFer and the annoying litiga
tion ended. "While on the witness-stand
Mr. Gorlitz testified that he had always
been treated with the utmost fairness by
the "City of Paris," and that put at rest
any rumor of harsh treatment suffered by
him at the hands of the proprietors.- He
said that he still entertained for the firm
the highest respect, and Mr. Fusenot of
the "City of Paris" expressed himself as
entirely satisfied with the settlement.
The incident closed with the best of feel
ing on the part of the principals and their
attorneys.
Mrs. Dimmick, who is to wed General
Harrison, married Walter Dimmick, a
brilliant young lawyer, fifteen years ago.
He died while they were on their wedding
tour. For eight years she wore mourning
for him.
. Hew to-dat.
4 ft What a gTeat quan-
II S tity of work a ' ' good
\ ) l!|/\^'^Hi ffl housekeeper" finds
\ ftt/if *lff^° to do! ? here are
— "" M.i*v".Kr*Jß-'" so niany little time-
V NfiKiJ&) \^ and -strength -taking
\ Iwraf^K chores that have no
mm J— L^^^^BfflH^ names - An<^ must
_ pBcSBKj a^ be done whether
—■Tj™fis|nK^oJHßH the housekeeper
'WNwn- fl i\W ffe s like uor not
m ' ifiw C I 'Jw ' 1<h ' s* s true ° men ' 3
I Ififfl 11 l/l work too, but men's
I lit I / I manual labor 'i is
U|J| ■'■' / I fl never so complicated
*|rij[ ■ » I■ as housekeeping. In
li» fit • ' H some way or other
L Iff II "the - world's work
>» Iff Ijmust be. done."
Iff - m This iron-clad rule is
*i' . / i harder on women'
• , than it is on men. A
Inan can't be as sick as a woman.
-As, a man's organization is simpler and
stronger, it follows that his ailments are
less complicated; He is not subject to the
chances and changes, physiologically, that
come to the average woman. '
If a woman is. in good health there is no
more healthful . employment than house-
work. | Generally speaking, there is no hap-
pier woman in the world than the one who
is well and busy all day long "making
home " i for dear < ones who depend upon
; her. But : how. different when every breath
is pain, every step torture ! This state of
health, in nine cases out of ten comes from
derangements of the delicate, feminine or-
gans of generation. | The family doctor in-
quires first/ concerning these. He most
usually insists upon an "examination."
. From this the \ modest woman naturally
: shrinks. She is right. Excepting in very
unusual cases. of <' female weakness " ex-
: aminations are : unnecessary. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is ; a simple, natural
remedy for these ills. It cures gradually,
safely,: permanently. Here I is . one testi-
monial out of . thousands : ;-;; >.v
: "I was ill four years with ' female weakness.* I
took two bottles of. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
: ic:iption. I do my house work -now without
. pa iii or faintness."- ;; :; Yours truly, .
Lyme Center, Graflon Co., N. H.
Send li cents in one-cent stamps to World's
Dispensary . Medical « Association, Buffalo, N. V.,
" »'vi receive ■; Dr. / Pierces; 1008 > page common
63.N-6B medical adviser, profusely illustrated.
HONOR TO ITALIAN DEAD.
Requiem Mass in Memory of
Soldiers Who Fell in
Africa.
CATAFALQUE UNDER THE FLAG
The Officers of the Colombo Were
Present and Crowds Filled
the Church.
The Italian church on Dupont street
was crowded yesterday morning at the
solemn requiem mass in memory of the
Italian soldiers who feil at Amba Ala^'i, in
Abyssinia, righting for their country.
So great was the crush that those who
could not obtain seats stood in the rear of
the church, and when no more standing
room was to be found people stationed
themseJves on the steps leading to the
building.
No special decorations had been pre
pared in the church. On the main door of
the building was an inscription stating
that the Italians of San Francisco prayed
to the God of armies for the peace and
eternal repose of their departed brethren
who fell like heroes for their country and
for civilization at Anvba Alagi.
Near the high altar was a catafalque
surrounded by candles and adorned with
the Italian flag.
Professor Spadina directed the musical
part of the mass, which was by Decia
Monti. Miss Adele Kottanzi and William
Ladd sang the solos, and Signor Rossa
Laraja, the violinist, played some of the
instrumental parts. Mrs. L. Siefani, Mrs.
Spadina, MissW. Spadina, Miss Catherine
Daneri. Miss Gleason and other violinists
also assisted.
Among those present at the mass were
Commander Bertolino' of the Colombo,
Lieutenant -Commander Presbitero, Cay.
Freigerio, Dr. Belli, Lieutenants Resio and
De Filippi, and Second Lieutenants
Shashek, Winspeare, Frenzi and Ayme
rich, all in full-dress uniform. A com
pany of marines was also detailed to at
tend.
There were also present: Consul Bruni
Grimalda, Cay. Calegaris, J. F. Fugazi and
Drs. Caglieri, Vaccari, Ollino and Barsotti.
Father de Carohs officiated.
By 11 o'clock the mass was finished and
the officers adjourned to the house of Cay.
Calegaris, where they lunched.
Mr. Baring-Gould thinKs out many of
his plots lying in bed. The foundations of
more than one story have been developed
in a single sleepless night. He makes no
notes except a brief sketch of each chapter.
j MEW TO-DAT.
PADEREWSia
"■• ■ .:• ' ■:■ •:} ■. ■-. " .
, > THE GREATEST LIVING
, PIANIST, PLAYS THE
STEINWAY!
; •;'•■:.■ Which ; is pre-eminently '■'■
I _ the best Piano manufac-
• tured. .: •'• '-.'■ - ; ;■ .• .
sheeman.Tlay & co.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.,
. .. Kearny and Sutter Streets.
OAKLAND. Cal., Broadway ' and Thirteenth' Sts.
PORTLAND. Or., Fifth and Yamhlll Streets.
SKATTLK. Wash., 715 Secjond Street. ; .
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM TIIE
; ! MANUFACTURER. ;
REFINED BAR IRON ...51. 75 base
AS(iLE 1R0N.... ..'. 2.25 fl» t
BAND IRON 2.10 "
Round Kdge Tire Steel 2.15 flat
Toe " 2.40 •'
Plow " 2.25 ••
German Hammered 3.75 base
Pick — 4.00 "
Machinery ** 2.00 M
Spring " ».5O "
Cold Rolled .' ♦• ......... 3.25 ••
Finished Shafting '3.25 . "
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
City Office:— Cor. Howard & Beale Sts., •
SAN FRANCISCO. •
AUCTION SALES.
W^fr/\€di HSic'Tp rjj /-* —^^ ■ «H
4GOantl 462 EIGHTH ST. OAKIWH.
ASTON, KLDRIDUE & CO Han Francisco.
SPECIAL
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF
Choice Oakland and Alameda
REAL ESTATE.
.;■ SATURDAY. V v;^;
Saturday... March 7, 1896,
At 2 o'clock r. M., at Salesrooms,
1 THE ELEGANT HAMILTON ; RESIDENCE,
. ALAMEDA.
' One of the finest homes in the city; 12 rooms,
with every modern convenience: lot 100x207 feet :
I handsome grounds; northeast corner of Central
! avenue and Union street. MUST BE SOLD.
1 16 SELECT Bl ILIH\G LOTS II EAST
OAKLAND.
East 12th st. and Ist aye. Every lot goes. Xo
reserve. Unusual terms. Only $60 per 10; cash,
$10 per month. These. terms are unprecedented
j tor such high-class property. ; -
BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE:
'. Eighteenth and Myrtle sts. V Lot 50x100. One
of the prettiest homes }n Oakland. Must be seen •'
to be appreciated; ., -
Also lot 50x100 adjoining/. '
SEAT COTTAGE, %
Corner of Linden and 30th sts. -■ Sold by order* of
bank. Very easy terms, ffend for particulars. " '
Secure . Illustrated Catalogue. .- ; Mailed free on
application. . "■" oa
/WILLIAM J. DINGKK.
■ 460-4H2 Klghth , Street Oakland/ •
Or E ASTON," KIDBIDGK & CO i
J 638 Market St., San Francisco. °;