VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 40.
ENGLAND'S REPLY
TO THE KAISER
Determined to Maintain
Suzerainty Over the
Transvaal.
GERMANY IS NOTIFIED.
Salisbury Answers the Challenge
Thrown Down by Emperor
William.
CONGREGATING A SQUADRON.
Admiral Rawson Hurrying to Delagoa
Bay on the Flagship St.
George.
LONDON, Eva., Jan. B— The Central
News is authority for the statement that
Lord Salisbury has notified the German
Government that Great Britain will main
tain her rights in the Transvaal under the
convention of IBS 4at a
Tiie jrenerosity sh wn by President
Krueger is admitted ev< rywhere. At the
ciubs here it is a matter of .-peculation us
to what terms will be made by Sir Her
cules Robinson, Governor of Cape Col-
ony. The consensus of opinion is that
Presidents H the leading
aeital Rand, of whose participa
tion in the conspiracy against the Trans
vaal Government he possesses proof, and
that the Bnti.sli Government will punish
the other participants. It is also believed
that tiie I : :th Africa Company
c oblig< <1 to pay a heavy indemnity
and v II lose its administrative rights in
the adjoining territory.
]> - quiet about the Govern
ment s this evening. Lord Salisbury
is giv itry ball at Hattield House,
: in Hertfordshire.
WAR OR A BACKDOWN.
Emperor William Must Abandon His Pur
pose or Draw His Sword Against
Great Britain.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. B.— A Sun
cable from London says: Emperor Wil
liam has not yet made known his decis
ion upon the fate of Europe. It must now
be assumed that he has notified the Brit
ish Government of his intention to recog
nize the independence of the Transvaal
Republic.
We do not know what Great Britain's
reply through diplomatic channels has
been. We know that she is preparing for
war with all the resources and energy at
her command. ; *: :
The issue is perfectly clear. If Germany
lands troops at Deiagoa Bay, or sends a
Minister resident to Pretoria, England
will declare war against her.
There can be no doubt upon that point.
Emperor William II must abandon his
purpose or draw his sword. We shall
know very toon which it is to be.
The gravity of the situation is greatly
increased by the fact which yesterday
came to light, that the Emperor's inten
tion to deny the British proteciorate over
the Transvaal antedates Dr. Jameson's
disastrous raid.
The result of the invasion served to post
pone instead of to cause the execution of
the Kaiser's purpose.
This knowledge changes the whole as
pect of the crisis. It suggests that the
Emperor's action may be a deliberate
provocation of war.
It creates the belief in some quarters
that Germany is not alone in seekine the
humiliation of Great Britain. The idea
has gained pos.-ession of the English popu
lar mind that the Kaiser is counting upon
the support of France in attacking this
country.
This impression is not shared by men
Tvho^e opinion is valuable. The more
table belief is that Russia is Ger
many? real suDporter and that the Czar's
Government has long been preparing, by
its alliance with France, to secure the lat
neutrality in a struggle between her
two enemies.
The Kaisers letter to the Czar, dis
patched by special messenger on iast Sun
day, is expected to have an important
effect in deciding the issue of peace or war.
British South Africa, the latest dis
patches affirm, is in a condition of the
preatett excitement and apprehension.
Not a word has heen received regarding
Mr. Rhodes and his plans.
The release of Dr. Jameson by the Boers
must not be regarded as an act of
clemency. His execution would not only
have plunged Cape Colony into a war of
independence, but would have caused an
n of the republic from all sides.
Sir Hercules Robinson, who is an unu
sually able roan, lias displayed great skill
iling with President Krueger. There
is no doubt that negotiation* are progress
ing hiving, of course, the objer.t on Eng
land's side of securing from the Boers a
fresh acknowledgment of the British
suzerainty and a lefusal to accept a Ger
man minister.
It ia difficult to believe that such conces
sions will be granted by the Boers after
the events of the past week, but there is
no doubt that the price offered by Great
Britaii! will be an enormous one.
notbeliered in naval circles that the
■Iron is going to Delatioa Bay,
two British shipfl from nearer sta
tions have already been ordered. It is cer
tain, a naval authority says, that it is the
purpose of the Government, in case a pos
sible enemy gervis ships to any spot where
there are British interests, to quickly dis
patch a much larger fleet to the same
place.
RUSSIA SHOWS HER HAND.
Emperor William Assured of the Co-opera
tion of the Czar in Checking
England.
NEW YORK. N. ¥ Jan. 9.— A special
cnble dibputch to the Herald from Berlin
The San Francisco Call.
says: The Emperor yesterday summoned
to Potsdam the Chancellor, Admiral Knorr,
commander-in-crief of the navy, and Ad
miral yon Hollmann, chief of the Ad
miralty, to concert military measures to
be taken in the event of England landing
troops to occupy the Transvaal. -
The Emperor and the Czar of Russia
yesterday exchanged dispatches regarding
the Kaiser's telegram to President Krueger
and the resulting conflict with England,
and Russia's co-operation with Germany
is already assured. France will regulate
her policy by that of Russia.
The Transvaal representatives herejare
attempting to obtain French support.
Count yon Hatzfeldt has received in
structions to intimate to Lord Salisbury
that Germany will not permit the slightest
lesion of the interests of persons of Ger
man nationality.
The Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha deplores
Dr. Jameson's crime, and the Gothaer
Zeitung warmly supports the idea of im
perial intervention by Germany.
PEACE IN THE TRANSVAAL
Secretary Chamberlain Believes the Crisis
in the Boer Republic Has Been
Passed.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. B.—Notwithstand
ing the report that orders were issued to
nrepare a flying squadron of six vessels to
he in readiness for "navigating duties" on
January 14 has been found to be true, and
that Admiral Harry Kawson, commanding
the Cape and West African squadron, has
been oriiered to proceed with his flagship,
the St. George, to Delagoa Bay, and is al
ready en route from Cape Town to that
place. Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial Sec
retary, is said to consider the Transvaal
crisis past. In political circles, however,
the formation of the flying squadron is re
garded as an indicatian that the situation
is graver than it has hitherto been thought,
and all of the afternoon papers approve of
the preparations for war. Some of them
urge the revocation of the British Booth
Africa Company's charter, after which
England would be able to fight Germany,
on account of the latter's interference,
with clean hands.
According to a dispatch from Cape
Town, dated January 4, it is reported that
the high court of the Transvaal ordered
that Dr. Jameson be shot, but President
Krueger refused to sign the death warrant.
This report is not continued. Another
dispatch asserts that if Dr. Jameson
should be executed the hostile feeling
would become so greatly aroused that
the British Government forces would
not be able to prevent a race war in South
Africa.
Official advices from Pretoria say that
Dr. Jameson will be released and handed
over, to Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor
of Cape Colony, on the frontier of the
Transvaal, and it i 9 also stated that Sir
Hercules, after consulting with the heads
of the Transvaal Government, informed
the people in the Rand that they would
be allowed twenty-four hours from noon
of January 6 to lay down their arms un
conditionally.
Another Pretoria dispatch, dated Jan
uary 6. says the prisoners of Jameson's I
following are loud in their praise of the
treatment they recemu t the nands of
the Boers, while the burgjiers deeply re
sent the action of Dr. Jameson. They
are intensely angry at the necessity of
leaving their farms, and demand a speedy
and final settlement of all the questions
at issue and full and free possession of the
Transvaal country, under the disputed
rule of the Boers.
Of the prisoners, the men were confined
in the racecourse inclosure at Pretoria
and the officers in tbe town jail. Dr.
Jameson, Sir John Wilioughby and the
Messrs. White were deeply dejected at the
result of their movement. Jameson refus
ing to take food for some time after his
imprisonment.
The following statement has been issued
by the Colonial Office:
Governor Robinson of Cape Colony
THE KING OF ALL THE CARNIVAL SPORTS AT TRUCKEE, CALIFORNIA — SKATING ON THE ICE BY MOONLIGHT.
[Sketched on the spot by a "Call" staff artist.]
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1896.
" "STOXJ T3IFLTIT BOY."
! telegraphed to Mr. Chamberlain from Pre
; toria on January 7:
I communicated to Mr. F. K. Newton, Secre
tary of the colony of British Buchuanaland,
your telegram of the sth and received a reply
j from him that he had been absent from
! Buchuanaland for nearly a fortnight prior to
! the raid into the Transvaal. He arrived at
1 Mafeking on December 29 and heard then,
| after the telegraph had been closed, that Jame
son's force was leaving. That night the wires
j were cut and the first message that got through
on December 30 was yours, directing me to
send Dr. Jameson an order to return.
About one-fifth of Jameson's forces started
J from Mafeking and the rest from Pictsani, the
! British South African new territory. Jameson
I left only ten policemen in the whole of the ;
Hur.'huanaland protf etorate und of them four ■
I were doing customs duty. The whole country ;
i was unpoliced. There was no representative !
;of the British South Africa Company lv
Mafcking, and no magistrate in the company's
territory. There was only one representative
' of the company in the lower protectorate and
he had joined Jameson's forces.
Governor Robinson adds: "Newton will
| come to Pretoria at my invitation to con- j
; fer with me in regard to reducing the pro- \
i tectorate."
Governor Robinson telegraphed Mr.
! Chamberlain on January 7: "Johannes-]
burg surrendered unconditionally this :
; afternoon and gave up arms. President I
Kruecer has intimated his intention to
band over Jameson and the other prison- :
j ers upon the frontier of Natal, i'ou may j
be satisfied that the crisis is over and all
danger of further hostilities ended."
The directors of the British South
Africa Company have held repeated meet
ings during the last week, and since Mon
day have, met twice daily, but have made
no statement to the press. It is under
stood that Mr. Chamberlain has ordered
the directors to obtain from Cccii Rhodes
a detailed statement of his Knowledge of
Dr. Jameson's movements prior to the
latter's raid into the Transvaal, otherwise
the charter of the British South Africa
Company would be revoked. The anxiety
of the direct' frs increases as the days go by
without bringing any statement from
Rhodes, whose only reference to Jameson
was made in a dispatch received here on
January 1, in which he said that Jame
son had acted without authority.
TAUNTING THE GERMANS.
The London Press Ascribes Jhe'fr Silence to
Fear of Great Britain's
Power.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. B.— The editorials
of the leading papers to-morrow will be
unanimous in lauding the generosity of
President Krueger and assuring him that
everything is appreciated at its full
value. All of the papers will praise
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain for his
course throughout the difficulty.
The Daily Chronicle will congratulate
him upon having secured peace with
honor. Sir Hercules Robinson will re
ceive his share of praise.
The Daily News and Daily Chronicle
lead in an emphatic demand for a thor
ough sifting of the British South Africa
Company's liability for the trouble, and
admonish the Government not to shirk its
obligations to the Transvaal and to Eng
land to convict the real authors of the ap
j parent gross conspiracy against the South
African republic.
The lectures to Emperor William are
generally repeated. The marked cessation
of hostilities of the pres3 of Germany
toward England is ascribed to the British
Government's preparations for war, which
are highly commended on all side 3.
HEADIXG FOR f>ELAOOA HAY.
Admiral Jtatvsfiit, and the Flagship St,
—?';-. .George Already on the Wuy. . _,
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 8. — It is stated this
afternoon that Admiral; Rawson, com
manding ' the British Cape and West
Africa squadron, who was ; orderad to
proceed with his flagship, the St. George,
j to Delagoa Bay, is already- on his way to ,
; that place, where several warships will
; assemble.
. Tbe Admiralty this afternoon issued the
names of the new commanders of the ves
sels composing the Hying squadron and |
; the men who are detailed for service on \
| those ships.
IX TER VIE WED SAI.ISII VR T.
German and Portuguese Representative*
Closeted With the Premier.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. B.— Lord Salisbury
and Count yon Hatzfeldt, the German
Embassador, had a short interview at the
Foreign Office this afternoon, and after
ward the Portuguese Charge d'Affaires
saw Lord Salisbury in reference to the
sending of British warships to Delagoa
Bay.
C O VESTR F STILL ZI VES.
Report of the' Captain's Death Found to
Have lieen Erronetnta.
LONDON, Ekg., Jan. B.— lt is stated this
evening that Hon. Charles Coventry, a
captain in the Buchanaiand police and son
of the Karl of Coventry, wnose death was
recently announced to have occurred from
the effects of wounds received in the battle
between the Boers and Jameson's troops
in the Transvaal, is alive. The dispatch
conveying the information also says that
although he was wounded, Mr. Coventry's
condition is not serious.
JUJiS. Ji KM EDICT DIVORCED.
Uranted a llecree T'pon the Grounds of
Cruelty and Vearrtion.
OMAHA, Nebk., Jan. B.— Mrs. Jeanette
Halford Benedict, daughter of Major Hal
lord, U. S. A., and President Harrison's
private secretary, lias received a divorce
from her husband, formerly of Boston.
They were married ihree years ago in Eng
land during the Bering iSea arbitration.
The grounds were cruelty and desertion.
Benedict lost his fortune soon after the
marriage and is now in South Africa. He
made no defense. She regains her maiden
name and has gone to Denver, where her
faiher is now stationed.
HARRISON'S WEMHNG.
The General Going to Seiv York to Marry
Mrs. IHinmich.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— A Sun
special from Indianapolis, Ind., says: Ex-
President Harrison is going to New York
within ten 'days and will marry Mrs.
Dimmick before his return. , It is barely
possible, however, that the ceremony may
be deferred until after Lent. . ; . :\ ..
QUARREL AT A HANGING.
War of Words Between a Con
demned Murderer and a
Spectator.
Bitter Accusations Made and An
swered Before the Noose Is
Adjusted.
HATTIESBURG, MIBS., Jan. B.— F. D.
Hatborn (white) ana Thompson Wade
(colored) were hanged at Augusta, twenty
miles inland, at 12:04 to-day, both men
dropping simultaneously from the same
j sctffold. The execution was witnessed by
| at least "000 people, many of whom walked
i for twenty miles and a few as far as thirty
; rive miles. This was the tirst legal execu
tion in this county for nearly twenty years.
Tne men were hanged for the murder of
Mrs. Hathorn on the evening of October 7,
I the negro shooting the woman at the in
! stigatiou and compulsion of the husband.
j Hathorn had become infatuated with a
I young woman — Josephine Marriatt— with
whom he was intimate for several montbs,
' and from the gallows to-day he declared
that she suggested to him the killing of
I his wife.
The father of the young woman was
among the crowd to-day, and when Hat
horn stated that he (Marriatt) knew of his
relations with the daughter he interrupted
i the statement with the demand for proof.
! Hathorn merely replied that actions had
| led him to so believe. The two men mi
i dulged in a row that caused much excite
ment. Hathorn endeavored to prolong
his harangue indefinitely, claiming that
the woman should be hanged with him,
! but Sheriff McCullom called time, adjusted
i the noose and black cap and dropped the
\ wretches.
Both necks were broken, the white sub-
I ject dying in rive minutes and the black in
eight.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RUMORED ROUT
OF THE CUBANS
Spaniards and Insurgents
Fight a Decisive
Battle.
THE RESULT IN DOUBT.
Islanders Surrounded at Artemus
by a Large Force of
Regulars.
GENERAL NUNEZ HAS FALLEN.
Patriots Beaten at Guanajay in an
Engagement Lasting Three
Hours.
HAVANA, Cmx, Jan. S.— lt is reported
here this evening that a great battle has
been fought near Artemus, a town near
Guanajay, the base of operations of the
rebels.
The report has it that the insurgents
were surrounded by Spanish troops under
Generals Suarez, Valdez, Madan and
Navarro, and it is believed they met with
a complete defeat. No details of the tight
can be obtained.
It is said that the rebel leader Nunez
was killed in yesterday's battle with Gen
eral Navarro'? forces, and that the rebels.
lost 200 men. The engagement lasted
three hours, the Spanish troops under
Generals Garcia and Navarro dispersing
the rebels at Guanajay, forty-five milea
from Havana, which place was chosen by
► the insurgents as the center of operations.
Another battle took place late in tha
evening at Ceiba del Aqua between tho
rebel bands under the command of the
leaders Gomez, Maceo and Caracas and
Navurro's forces. The insurgents wero
again defeated and dispersed, but the di
rection in which they fled is known.
Their loss was 232 killed and one taken
prisoner.
The Spanish forces captured seventeen
Remington rifles and a number of
maclietes, besides a number of the rebel
horses. Their loss was four officers and
one soldier wounded.
BATTLE OF SOTtIXEZ.
Desperate Sirugqle Hetxceen Gomez and
the Aavarro Jtattation.
HAVANA, Ccba., Dec. oO (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. B).— The following official ac
count of the battle of Sodinez was sent to
the island press last evening:
A column from the battalion of Navarro,
under command of Lieutenant Perera to
day (the 29th), had an engagement with
the enemy near Colimete. It resulted in
a serious action with the forces under
Maximo Gomez, who greatly outnumbered
our force. The column drew back and
captured the positions held by them on
the Sodinez estate, and the enemy was
forced to scatter.
"The column, which was composed of
850 men, had an officer and four men killed
and twenty officers and sixty men
wounded, all of whom were taken to Ci.li
mete. An hourafter the engagement can
non shots were heard in the direction of
the Maria estate. It is believed that the
same body of rebels had an engagement
with the forces under Colonel Molina."
TOLTi BT THE SP AXIS II.
Madrid and Havana Reports of Yicto*
rica 'Jpcr the Cubans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The fol
lowing cablegram from General Martinez
was received at the Spanish legation late
this afternoon:
"The column oi General Navarro yester
day had an engagement lasting three
hours with the main bands of Maceo and
Gomez in Ceiba del Aqua, dispersing them.
Twenty dead have been found and buried
by our soldiers. The Spanish loss was
slight — four officers wounded and twenty
casualties among the men, eitner killed
or badly wounded.
"The troops captured numbers of horses,
arms and ammunition. The column is
reconnoitering the scene and many col- 1
timns are following the insurgents. The
army is in hi^h spirits and Havana is
completely quiet."
Minister Dupuy de Lome also received a
long cablegram from the Government at
Madrid to-day, giving a summary of the
latest official reports received there from
the commander-in-chief in Cuba. These
reports show that it diffi
cult to get a fight with the bands of ma
rauders which are continually galloping
about, burning and pillaging the defense
less plantations and small villages. Gen
eral Echagua, who is in the rear of the in
surgents, has twice succeeded in overtaking
a few of the bands and capturing some
prisoners.
General Campos says the rebels never
stop long enough to be overtaken in any
considerable numbers.
In the invasion of Pinar del Rio, by the
insurgents, small bands of bandits pre- :
cede the main forces of the insurgents,
and cause more damage than Maceo and
Gomez.
Yesterday 1000 men were sent by sea to
Colonia, the port ot Pinar del Rio, to re
enforce the troops there. In the rest of
the entire island of Cuba rotbing of a
revolutionary character is occurring.
Minister Dupuy de Lome expresses his
full confidence that the*-e dispatches give
an exactly truthful statement of affairs,
and he courts the comparison of these dis
patches with news from otner sources
which secure publicity from day to day in
several newspapers which have been proven,
so unreliable recently.
SIEGE GUSS L AX DEO.
■t ■ ■ ■-■■.-■!;.
.Four Heavy 1 War Engines for the De-*
fense of Havana.
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 31 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. B).— Four heavy siege guns have
just been disembarked at La Machina in.
this harbor. They will complete the sev
eral forts and sea ; batteries of this city.
They are the heaviest and most destruc
i tiye guns in the West Indies. A tem-t2
porary railway, with which to transport
them to their several positions, was laid.
Some days will be necessary to get them
in position.
Their extreme length is o7 feet, cir
cumference at breech 9 feet, diameter of
bore 13 inches, muzzle 3 feet. They are of
steel and rifled, having sixty-eight grooves.
The weight of each gun is 106,778 pounds,
or over fifty tons. Their projectiles are of
two kituis, both shells, one baring a burst
ing charge of thirteen pounds, the other
forty-eight pounds. The guns ;>ro breech
loading. The weight of the projectiles is
1013 pound?, height of shot 38 to 4U inches,
and range nine miles.
WOBKUfG FOR lit:< OGMTIOS.
Member* of the Herolutionnry Committee
) i.sit Ultiey,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— General
Tomas Estrada Palma and the other mem
bers of the Cuban revolutionary committee
now in "Washington have had an interview
with Secretary Oiney on the subject of
:iit;on of Cuban belligerency by the
(J-ivt rnment of the United States. It was
expressly stipulated by Secretary Oiney
that the interview should be informal, and
Genera] Palma was therefore not given
uny standing in his capacity "f envoy to
the United States from the Cuban Pro
visional Government. Secretary Oiney
did not, of course, commit himself with
reference to the matter.
i; i: CRUITIXO i v a M K R I CA .
Officers Are Jtrinrf Secured to Drill th*
Cuban .-It- in if.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. B.— Cuban
agents from New York in the interest of
the revolutionary cause in Cuba are in the
city, endeavoring to secure oiticers from
the Ninth Regiment to drill their soldiers
in Cuba. Lieutenant Jabez Phillips has
been offered $100 a month and free trans
portation, but he, iike others, refused the
offer. [I :s learned that two officers from
Scranton and five from Binghamton have
accepted the position and will leave for
Cuba some time this week to become in
structors in the insurgent army.
FOUGHT FOR A WOMAN
Jealousy Caused a Duel to the \
Death Between Two Florida
Young Men.
One Shot Through the Heart After
Mortally Wounding His Ad
versary.
MOUNT PLEASANT, Vi..\., Jan. 8.-
For love of a woman Henry P>. Thomas {
and Albert Stafford fought a duel to the*;
death near here Tuesday afternoon.
Thomas and Stafford up to six months
•go were friends. About that time, how
ever, both began to pay attention to the j
young woman, and jealousy soon j
made them deadly enemies.
two months they have gene about!
heavily armed and it was known that ;
when they met a deadly light would fol- '
low.
Thomas and two friends went hunting .
Tuesday, not knowing that Stafford and
three friends had gone on a similar ex- j
cursiuii.
During the afternoon the hunting par- 1
ties met, and it s-eemed that a general right !
would ensue. Thomas, however, ureed
c and Stafford were concerned,
and begged, that they be allowed to light it
out, and tLis was agreed to.
Thomas and Stafford, armed with pis
tols, fac< d each other at thirty yards and '
began firing. Neither was injured by the i
tirst exchange and tbey advanced on each
Other. At the second shot Thomas fell
with a bullet in the bowels.
Stafford still advanced on the prostrate
man, firing, when Thomas staggered to ;
1 his feet and, steadying himself by a small j
tree, took deliberate aim and sent a bullet |
through his foe's heart. Thomas died two
hours later.
In taking the corpses of the young men
home they were borne past the residence i
of the girl for whom they fought. She
showed no emotion, and it has been
learned that she has all along been en
gaged to a man in Georgia.
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS.
Two Negroes Taken From Officers and Put
io Death by a Tennessee
Mob.
MEMPHIS. Term., Jan. B.— Harrison
Fuller and Frank Simeon, two negroes,
were to have been placed on trial at Lex
ington, Term., to-day for an attack upon
Mrs. Pomeroy. white, and her 16-year-old
daughter. Tl.o prisoners were confined in
the jail at Lexington and attempts were
made by a mob to take them out for sum
mary vengeance. They were quietly spir
ited away to Nashville by the Sheriff,
where they remained until yesterday
morning.
The authorities supposing excitement at
Lexington had subsided from the danger
point the trial was set for to-day, and the
prisoners were accordingly returned. When
the train arrived at L-xin^ton it was met
by a strong mob, the Sheriff was over
powered and the prisoners secured. They
were hustled into the woods, tome dis
tance from town, where some fifty shots
were rirert into the body of each.
Prior to the attack upon Mrs. Pomeroy
and daughter Fuller and Simpson were
iruilty of a simitar crime upon another
white woman.
WILL STRIKE AGAIX.
Philadelphia Streetcar Men Ready for
Another Walkout.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.., Jan. B.—To
nieht the possibility of another strike
among the motormen and conductors has
become a probability. General Manager
Beetem to-day refused to treat with the
committee of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street Railway Employes in regard
to reinstating 151 of the old employes. A
meeting of nil the divisions of the associa
tion will be held to-morrow night.
President Mahon and the other officials
of the association admit that the situa
tion is now more eerious than it has been
since the first strike of the men, three
weeks ago.
Delving for Entombed Miner*.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., an . B.—
The rescue gangs at the Anna Lee mine at
Victor have been working hard since Sat
urdr.y. but no bodies have yet been recov
ered. ' The air in the shaft is very foul,
owing to the decomposition of the buried
bodies, and the shifts have to be changed
every fifteen minutes. It is expected that
the first of the eight bodies will be reached
within the next two hours.
■«.
I'irffhiia I'opulist yotmnees.
ALEXANDRIA, V.\., Jan. 8.- At the
State Populist convention held here Judge
A. A. Gunby of Monroe was nominated for
Governor and A. E. Booth of New Orleans
lor Lieutenant-Governor. It is believed
that some dicker will be made with the
regular .Republican convention whereby
the latter wiil indorse the Populjst ticket.
FOR COAST DEFENSE
Projects Considered by the
Committee of the
Senate.
NEEDS OF THE NATION.
General Craighill Explains That
Senator Squire's Bill Is
Not Extravagant.
WILL BE IN SESSION DAILY.
The Important Question of Torpedo-
Boats to Be Discussed in All
Its Details.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 8.-A meet
ing of the Senate Committee on Coast De
fenses was held this morning. General
Craighill, chief of engineers and hia as
sistant, Captain Black of the Engineer
Corps, made important statements.
General Craighill explained to the com
mittee the great need of immediate aildi
| tional appropriations for coast defenses
and stated the amount which could be
economically and profitably expended by
the Buieau of Engineers for that purpose
during the current fiscal year, and the
iarger additional amount for each year
thereafter until the completion of the
project of the Government.
The defenseless condition of the sea
i coast was explained, showing that the
amount proposed in Senator Squire's bill
for coast defenses is not only none too
large but absolutely required. General
Craighill explained that if the bill shall be
passed immediately, the sum of $4,500,000
'• couid be economically expended by the
Bureau of Engineers alone during the pres
ent fiscal year.
The committee then proceeded to in
vestigate the question of torpedoes. The
importance of this matter is such that the
committee will continue its sessions daily
during the present week and next week,
hoping to be able to report a bill at an
' early date.
♦-
MJSS JFOlt THE SAT I.
One Thousand to lie Added at Once by
Act of Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-A very
important bill, urged by the Secretary of
the Navy, was favorably reported from the
Senate Committee on Naval Affairs to-day.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
add 1000 additional men for the use of the
regular navy, this being the lowest esti
mate of the number needed for the new
ships that have been placed in commis
sion.
The bill aiso gives the Secretary author
ity in any emergency that may arise to en
list the services of the National militia of
the. several States for manning the auxil
iary cruisers, and if this should not .be
sufficient to enlist as many more as may
be sufficient for the purpose.
The bill carries an appropriation of
$308,000 for 1000 men added to the regular
navy.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GUNS
Three Pneumatic Dynamiters
Accepted by the War
Department.
Washington Officials Pleased With the
Excellent Showing Made in
the Tests.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 8.-A Sun
SDecial from Washington says: The
fortifications of San Francisco have been
strengthened in the last week through
the acceptance by the Government of
three of the most powerful pneumatic
guns yet tested, each of which threw 500
pounds of high explosive upward of 500
yanls with precision and terrific effect
upon the water where it struck. Columns
of water were thrown as high into the air
as the Washington monument, and the
aim was so true that there would have
been no difficulty in hitting any ship
which they mieht have been aimed at,
With 500 pounds of gelatine a range of
2100 yards was secured ; explosions oc
curred both on impact with the water and
with a lixed fuse two seconds after the
shot struck, the water in each instance
being tobsed like a geyser spout over 600
feet into the air. With projectiles of the
same explosive and a charge reduced to
100 pounds the guns propelled shells
three miles and it so near the mark aimed
at that a battle-ship would have been easily
blown to pieces had she been the target.
These three guns are similar to those
which are now mounted at Sandy Hook,
but the tests demonstrated that improve
ments have been made which place the
new weapons in advance of those at New
York, boih in accuracy and power of
range. Other euns will be placed at Bos
ton and the important coastwise cities in
cluded in the fortifications plan of the
War Department.
The success attending the trials at San
Francisco has settled to the satisfaction of
ordance experts the value of this type of
weapon as a part of the ordnance for the
country's land defenses, and hereafter
some of these guns will be stationed at
the important cities along the seaboard,
where the department proposes construct
ing defenses invulnerable to attack from
the sea.
Eminent ordnance experts of the army,
including General Flakier, have con
tended that the pneumatic gun will be of
great value in dealing with a large fleet,
and that ships would not dare approach
within its range, knowing that an explo
sion of 500 pounds of gelatine in the vi
cinity of a vessel would have a most dis
astrous result upon those on board. It is
as>ertcd further that one shot from a
dynamite gun would be worth more than
a broadside from a warship, and that the
country can well risk making a true shot
occasionally with results as effective as
those following the impact of a projectile
from a battle-ship.
AltlllXQ IHJi MOJtITOAS.
Preparations for San Francisco's De
fense Are living Hushed.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. B.— The Navy De
i partment is evidently becoming alive to
the necessity of, as far as possible, en
abling San Francisco to withstand attack
from foreign invaders. The monitor Co
manche Is at present alongside the quay
wall at the yard here, being made ready
for a bay trial. She is of 1875 tons, capa
ble of live to seven knots speed, is in prac
tical sea readiness and mounts two fifteen
inch smoothbores in a single turret.
I . Telegraphic orders were received at the ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1596.
yard to-day to take on enough extra men
to make the new monitor Monadnock,
which is conceded to be one of the most
powerful lighting craft in the world, in
full completion by February 1. Accord
ingly, a large gang will be rushed aboard
her to-morrow to- finish the work of fitting
the hydraulic driving-gear of four 10-inch
rifles in her two turrets. They weigh
twenty-eight tons each and are uely war
engines.
o-
HERBERT IS ACTIVE.
Urgent Jtiqu 'tries us to the Progress in
fcquijtphiy the Monitors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan.. 8.-Before
Secretary Herbert left this morning for
New York he set on foot inquiries as to
how quickly the coast-defense monitors
Miantonomoh, Terror and Monadnock
could be prepared for service. Statements
burnished by the bureaus concerned show
that the Miantonomoh, recently placed out
of commission at League Island, could be
recom missioned within two weeks; that
the Monadnock could b" finished by the
Ist of February, and that the completion
of the Terror within sixty days was as
sured. The Monadnock is at Mare Island,
Cal., and the Terror at Brooklyn, N. Y.
The reason for the request made by the
Secretary cannot be ascertained.
Revenue Cutters for This Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-Cullom
to-day introduced a bill providing for the
construction and equipment of two steam
revenue cutters of the first class for service
on the Pacific Coast, the cost not to ex
ceed $100,000.
SHORT SESSION IS THE HOUSE.
Jackson Hay Observed by Members of the
Lower Chatnber.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-The
House celebrated the anniversary of the
battle of New Orleans, known as Jackson
day, by remaining in session but forty
minutes. Half of that time was occupied
in the reading of the journal.
In the remaining twenty minutes rou
tine matters were considered, and a joint
resolution offered by Spaulding (R.) of
Michigan was read and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs looking to
the annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
ARMOR FOR BATTLESHIPS
Unsatisfactory Test of Plates
for the Brooklyn and
lowa.
Shattered at a Single Shot by a
Thousand - Pound Wheeler
Projectile.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. S.-A plate,
representing 415 tons of eight-inch turret
and barbette armor of the battle-ship lowa
and the armored cruiser Brooklyn, was
tested at the Indian Head proving grounds
with results very unsatisfactory to the
manufacturers, the Carnegie Steel Com
pany. Two big ports were cut in the plate
to make it represent as nearly as possible
a port plate of the eight-inch turrets on
theae vessels.
One shot only was necessary to deter
mine that the plate was not up to t^e
standard. A 6-inch armor-piercing prfc
jectile of the Wheeler type, weighing 100b
pounds, was fired at the big steel tareet
with a velocity of 1700 feet a second. The
contract for the group which this plate
represented required tbat the shell should
do no greater damage than to merely
crack it, but after the shot was fired an
examination disclosed that the target had
been broken into three pieces. There was
nothing further to be done, and Captain
Sampson, chief of the Naval Bureau of
Ordnance, and the other officers who
witnessed the test returned to Wash
ington.
The result of the test will cause the
holding-up of this group of armor and its
temporary rejection, but a second test will
be had, which is likely to prove more suc
cessful for the Carnegie Company. The
plate which fared so badly to-day was of
inferior quality, and it is said that it did
not fairly represent the other plates in the
group. It was selected for the test be
cause of its inferiority, in accordance with
the policy of the Ordnance Bureau to
choose for this purpose the specimen
which is believed to be the weakest in a
group, the idea being that if the poorest
plate can stand the severe test prescribed
by the bureau, others must necessarily be
able to withstand a greater striking force.
STATEHOOD FOR OKLAHOMA.
Citizens of the Territory Meet to Frame a
Petition to Congrenti.
DENISON, Tex., Jan. B.— The statehood
convention convened at Oklahoma City,
O. T., to-day. It seems now as if the
Democrats have captured the convention,
and will pass resolutions favoring single
statehood only. There will be nearly 500
delegates present. A hot fight between
the single ana double statehood men is
anticipated.
A draft of the memorial to Congress,
and which will be submitted to the conven
tion, contains, among others, the following
arguments:
"We have a population of nearly
300,000 people. We have wealth suf
ficient to meet the necessary expenstj
of & State government. We are an in
telligent, industrious, progressive, patri
otic people. We have better homes, a bet
ter system of public schools and in many
other respects are far in advance of many
of the States that were admitted into the
Union more than a score of years ago. We
have reduced the fertile acres of Oklahoma
from the state of nature to a high state of
cultivation. We have laid out and con
structed highways. We have builded
cities and towns, schoolhouses and
churches. That we have accomplished all
this in spite of the wrongdoings and num
berless privations which, because of un
friendly legislation we have been forced to
undergo, proves Deyond question our ca
pacity for self-government."
FAMED FOH HIS FLUCK.
Death of Charles C. Bassett, the Xoted
Sporting Mam.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. B.— Charles
C. Bassett, known to the sporting frater
nity all over the country as a prominent
figure in the frontier days of Kansas, is
dead. News of his death at Hot Springs
Sunday was received here yesterday.
The life history of Charlie Bassett, or
"Senator," is closely entwined with that of
"Bat" Mastersonand Luke Short. Bassett
was born in New Bedford about forty-nine
years ago. He came West after the war,
and after drifting about the mining camps
and frontier towns for a time took up his
abode in Dodge City, Kans. The town was
overrun with a lawless element. Finally
"Bat" Masterson was made Marshal. He
chose Bassett as his right-hand man and
chief deputy.
Masterson and Bassett soon established
a record as fearless and desperate officials.
Several of the desperadoes were killed and
the remainder driven from the town. After
ward, in recognition of his services, Bassett
was made Sheriff of the county.
CUT OFF HIS UAXIt.
Kansas Robbers Fearfully Mutilate a
Nan in Bis Own Home. :;..
HOLLAND, Kans., Jan. Unknown
men called at the home of Ed Welch last
night, blindfolded him, threw him upon
the floor, cut off his left hand with an ax
and robbed him. The community was
aroused by the outrage, and bloodhounds
were put ou the trail of the assailants, who
took away the severed hand. ""'-.;. .-::■
JONES BARS THE WAY
Prospects of a Deadlock in
the Senate Finance
Committee.
TARIFF ON RAW SUGAR.
If It Is Not Imposed the Revised
Schedule May Not Be
Reported.
MR. TELLER THROWS A BOMB.
Declares in the Republican Caucus
for a Free-Coinage Amendment
to the Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.— I! the
Republican members of the Senate Com
mittee on Finance act in accordance with
the vote of the Republican caucus this
afternoon, and if Jones persists in his
intention to demand that raw sugar shall
be given the 15 per cent of an increase pro
vided by the House in every other sched
ule, there will probably be a deadlock in
the committee and the bill cannot be re
ported. There is a general belief, however,
that Jones will relent and act with the
Republicans.
The resolution introduced yesterday by
Q uay, declaring it to be the sense of the
caucus that the Republicans should report
the tariff bill from the committee as it
came from the House, passed the caucus
this afternoon after an hour and a half of
i debate, without division and by a practi
cally unanimous vole. The chief point in
the discussion was the probable attitude
of the silver Republicans.
Many of these were outspoken in their
desire to have the tariff bill pass and de
clared that it would be unwise to place a
free-coinage rider thereon, especially in
view of the fact that such a bill was now
before the Senate and would be passed be
fore action was had on the tariff bill.
Teller of Colorado threw a bomb among
his associates when he made a vigorous
speech and said that for one he proposed
to assist in placing a free-coinage amend
ment on every tariff bill until such a
measure became a law. He would not
only vote to put one in this bill, but he
declared it to be his intention to en
deavor to assist in having such an amend
ment placed on a tariff bill in the next
Congress if the Republicans controlled
both branches of the Legislature and the
executive.
The statement embarrassed the Repub
licans greatly. Teller diii not only say
that he would offer such an amend
ment, but stated positively if, offered he
would vote for it. Other fdver men ex
pressed the intention of being satisfied
with the free-coinage substitute to '", the
bond bi11.,.. \^l-\ • • : y.
Conservative men will not join him. in
this vote, and the votes .of the sound
money, men. on the other side of the cham
ber are counted upon to defeat such a
proDosition. . t' '
Just as the caucus was about to adjourn
Pettigrew asked when the Republicans pro
posed to consider the question of the
reorganization of the elective offices of
the Senate, and suggested this would be
as good a time as any. Nevertheless,
Mitchell made a motion to adjourn and it
was carried. This left the silver and the
new Senators in the lurch. They are the
ones who have been urging reorganization,
and they were somewhat angered to think
that the adjournment had been carried on
the motion of their own men.
Immediately a request was circulated
for Sherman, chairman of the caucus, to
issue a call for another caucus, and it was
generally signed, the names attached to
it including Eastern men as well as West
ern and silver men. This caucus will be
called probably to-morrow and will deal
with the subject of the further reorganiza
tion of the Senate.
CAN TALK IT TO DEATH.
Senator White's Scheme to Beat
the Funding Bill in the
Senate.
The Californian Not Without Hope
of the Success of the Oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8. — The
Committee on Pacific Railroads will not
begin to give its brief bearings on various
bill 3 for the settlement of the Pacific raii
road debts until February. Meantime the
committee will study up on the subject.
Many of the members btc new and want
to become posted before the hearing. It is
understood that ex-Representative Geary
will be here, among other Cahfornians.
Senator White said to-day that there
was some hope of beating the funding bill
in the Senate. He did not cay what the
tactics of its opponents would be, but
said, "I will fight it tooth and nail." It
is believed that White proposes' to filibus
ter against it. During the last session he
said : "If that bill conies up in the Senate
we can talk it to death."
COJjVSA HAS A &BIEVAKCE.
Charge* Preferred Against a Recently
Appointed JPostmaster.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— On De
cember 16 C. S. Callan was appointed Post
master at Williams, Colusa County, Cal.
The citizens of that town and vicinity
have now preferred charges against him
and want him removed. They are writing
letters charging Callan with inebriety and
immorality. One letter received by Rep
resentative Hilborn charges him with being
grossly immoral.
Senator White and Representative Hil
born have received telegrams asking that
an Inspector of the Postoffice department
Oe sent there. It has not yet been decided
to comply with this lequest, although an
investigation of some kind will possiDly be
held.
SEJXATE FIiOCEEMXGS,
An Effort to Agree Upon Action on the
Tariff Milt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The ses
sion of the Senate to-day occupied less than
an hour, the rest of the afternoon being
given to the Senators to agree upon a line
of action on the House .tariff bill. When
Sherman made the motion to adjourn he
gave a hint as to the purpose he had in
view in making it, and assured the Senate
that an early adjournment would expe
dite business. And so the motion was
agreed to without dissent from any Sena
tor except Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada, who
desired the Senate to continue in session
an hour longer in order that he ufifcbt
make a speech in favor of the free coinage
of silver.
The only incidents of note during the
fifty minutes of session were these: The
swearing in of Senator Wolcott (R.) of
Colorado for nis new term; the reporting
of an important bill ironi the Committee
on Naval Affairs for the enlistment of ad
ditional men for the navy, and the notice
by Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina of an
amendment to the House bond bill, with
the free coinage substitute. The amend
ments propose to prohibit any issue of
United States bonds without the authority
of Congress and to require the payment of
greenbacks, treasury nctes and" the in
terest and principal of bonds in either
gold or silver, but 'in the cheaper of either
metais.
The adjournment was until to-morrow.
♦
CO3IPETITIOX DESIRED.
Secretaru Herbert Anmrvrs an Inquiry
a* to li>>ihiin<j y~ew liattle-Ships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— ln re
sponse to the Quay resolution requiring
information as to whether the Navy De
partment deemed it advisable to build six
battle-ships instead of the two authorized
by the last Congress, on the basis of the
bids submitted for these two, Secretary
Herbert sent to the Senate to-day a long
letter on the subject.
After informing the Senate that con
tracts for both the battleships author
ized have already been awarded to
the Newport News Ship-building and
Drydock Company, the Secretary says
the Department does not deem it advisable
to recommend that any bids received and
not accepted should be further considered,
becau-e it sees no reason why, if other
ships are now authorized, the building of
them shall not also be open to competi
tion. IF an advertisement for new bids for
battle-ships were issued, be says, ten days
from the date thereof for receiving and
opening the bids would give ample time
and opportunity for competition. Under
such an advertisement the department
would also, as iii like cases heretofore, call
for bids upon the plans of the bidders, and
any p'any heretofore prepared by bidders
might be submitted upon the new bids.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Senator Perkins' Efforts in Be
half of California' Sugar
Producers.
Many Candidates for the Sacramento
Postmastership— Bills Affect
ing Seamen.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-Se!!3tor
Perkins made a strong effort in the Re
publican Senatorial conference this after
noon to secure a higher tariff on suaar, as
he wished to encourage the beet sugar
planters of California. He explained the
beet sugar industry and its capacity for
development. Senator Thuiston, whose
State (Nebraska) is also greatly interested
in beet sugar, earnestly supported Senator
Perkins, and other Senators indicated
their willingness to afford the protection
asked, but the majority of the Senators
present finally concluded that no amend
ments to thisemenrency bill should be el
lowed, as the}' misrht endanger its passage.
It was thought, however, that many if not
a majority of the Senators wer« in full
sympathy with the proposition to .protect
sugar by horizontal increase or specific
duty. Senator Perkins believes that where
the Republicans can secure control of the
Senate protection will be granted by
bounty or increase of duty.
By the direction of the Secretary of War
the board of officers is appointed to meet
at the call of the president thereof at San
Francisco for examination of such officers
of the corps of engineers as may be ordered
before it to determine their fitness for pro
motion.
The detail is: Colonel Charie3 R. Suter,
corps of engineers, Lieutenant-Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, deputy snrgeon-gen
eral; Major Charles E. L. B. Davis, corps
of engineers; Captain Walter L. Fisk, corps
of engineers, and First Lieutenant Georee
M. Wells, assistant surgeon. The junior
engineer officer will act as recorder. First
Lieutenant Harry Taylor, corps of engi
neers, will report in person to Colonel
Suter for examination.
Senator White is receiving letters by the
score from friends of various candidates
for the Sacramento postolh'ce, vice Leake,
resigned. He immediately sends them to
the Postoffice Department, and these
Sacramentans could save him considerable
trouble by sending indorsements and
petitions direct to the department, for
White says that before he makes any
recommendations he will examine all the
papers on lile there. Mr. Leake has
written that be will perform the duties of
the office until about March 1, so White
will not make any recommendations until
the last days of February. It is altogether
likely that Stephens will be appointed; in
fact, it is all but assured that he will win.
It is not believed that Congress will
make an appropriation for an outer harbor
at either Santa Monica or San Pedro, as
there is a controversy over these rival
sites, and Congress will be loth to appro
priate $4,000,000 for this purpose. Senator
White believes an appropriation of $390,000
may be secured tor an inner harbor, over
which there is no dispute.
Senator Frye, chairman of the Com
merce Committee, to-day introduced a bill
to amend the Revised Statues by provid
ing that the name of every documented
vessel of the United States shall be
marked upon each boat, and upon the
stern the home port shall also be marked.
These names shall be painted or gilded,
or consist of cut or carved or cast Roman
letters in light color on dark ground, or in
dark color on light ground, plain and dis
tinctly visible. The small letters used
shall not be less than four inches in size.
If any such vessel shall be found with
out these names being so marked the
owners shall be liable to a penalty of $10
for each name omitted. The draft of every
registered vessel shall be marked upon
stem and stern in English feet or deci
meters, either Arabic or Roman numerals.
The bottom of each numeral shall indicate
the draft to that line.
Frye introduced another bill which will
be read with interest py Pacitic Coast (sea
men. It amends Revised Statute, section
4536, so as to read :
No wages due or accruing to any seaman or
apprentice shall be subject to attachment or
arrestment from any court, and every payment
of wages to seamen or apprentices shall be
valid in law, notwithstanding any previous
rate or assignment of wages, or any attach
ment, incunibrance or arrestment thereon;
and assignment or sale of wajre or
salvage niado prior to the accruing thereof
shall bind party making same, except such ad
vance securities as are authorized by this title ;
and provisions of this section shall extend to
and embrace seamen and apprentices in do
mestic or coast trßde and trade between the
United States and ports in the Dominion of
Canada and Newfoundland and West India
Islands and Mexico, and to eeamen in whale or
other fishing business.
It is hereby f urtber enacted that any writ of
attachment or other paper for enforced collec
tion of seamen's wages in contravention of
this section shall be void, and any officer exe
cuting the same shall be punighe'd, upon con
viction thereof before any State or United
States court, by a tine not to exceed $300, or
imprisonment not to exceed three months, at
the discretion of the court, for each and every
offense.
Champions the Veteran*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8,-Repre
seniative- Pickler (R.) of South Dakota,
chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to-day introduced into the
House a bill to prevent discontinuance of
pensions, to restore pensions discontinued,
to establish a unitorm rate of pensions,
and to facilitate the allowance of pensions
in toe matters of proof.
TO TAKE IN HAWAII
Opening of the Campaign
for Annexation, in
Congress.
PLANS OF SPAULDING.
His Joint Resolution Calls for
the Erection of a New
State.
OVERTURES TO THE ISLANDERS.
Money to Be Appropriated to Defray
the Expense of Nego
tiations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The fol
lowing joint resolution relating to the
Hawaiian Islands, offered by Representa
tive Bpaolding (R.) of Michigan, was read
in the House to-day and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
That Congress doth consent that the terri
tory properly inclutu-d with it aud rightfully
belonging to the Government of Hawaii, and
commonly known as the Sandwich Islands,
may be erected into a new State, to be called
the State of Hawaii, with a republican form of
government to be adopted by the people of
said Government of Hawaii by deputies in
convention assembled, with the consent of the
existing Government, in order that the same
may be admitted as one of the States of this
Union.
Further, that the foregoing consent of Con
gress is given upon the following conditions
and with the following guarantees, to wit:
1. Said State to be formed subject to the ad
justment by this Government of all questions
of boundary or jurisdiction that may urise
with other governments or former govern
ments of Hawaii; nnd the constitution thereof,
with the proper evidence of its adoption ly
the people of the Government of Hawaii, shall
be transmitted to the President of the United
States, to be laid before Congress for its final
action on or before January 1, 1898.
2. Said State, when admitted into the Union,
after ceding to the United States till public
property and means belonging to the Govern
ment of Hawaii, shall retain all public funds
of every kind which may belonp to or be due
said Governments, and also all vacant end un
populuted lands lying within its limits, to be
applied to the payments of the dcots and lia
bilities of said Government of Hawaii, the
residue of said lands to be disposed of as said
State may direct; but in no case are said debts
and liabilities to become a charge upon the
United States.
Further, that if the President of the United
States shall in his judgment deem it most ad
visable instead of proceeding to submit the
foregoing resolution to the Government of
Hawaii as an overture on the pert of the
United States for admission, to negotiate with
that Government, then, resolved, that a State
to be formed out of the present Government of
Hawaii witn one representative in Congress
shall be admitted into the I'nion by virtue of
this act as soon as the terras and conditions of
such admission shall be agreed upon by the
Governments of Hawaii and the United States,
and that $100,000 be appropriated to defray
the exre ses of missions and negotiations
either by treaty or articles as the President
may decide.
SUPREME COURT CASES.
Two Actions in Which the Gov
ernment Figures as Ap
pellant.
Santa Fe's Suit to Gain Possession of
a Public Plaza Argued and
Submitted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-Litiga
tion to which the United States is a. party
occupied the attention of the Supreme
Court to-day exclusively.
The first" case under argument was
that of the city of Santa *c, N. Mex.,
asainst the United States, appealed by the
latter from the Court of Private Claims.
The city of Santa Fe brought suit before
that tribunal to have confirmed to it a
tract of land of four square leagues, the
center of which was the public plaza. The
claim of the city was founded upon both
direct &rant from the Spanish Government
and the operation of law, the papers of
the grant having been destroyed in the In
dian insurrection in IGBO.
About 1500 heads of families are living
upon the land claimed by the city and
hold title under the grant to the munici
pality. A number of private parties were
made defendants to the suit of the city,
who, it is alleged, claimed lands in the
limit of the grant, and answers were put
in by them settling up their claims. The
court held adversely to them, and they
have taken no appeal in this case. The
brief for the city 01 Santa Fe says:
"The case is here on the appeal of the
United States alone, which insists upon
the court taking notice of the evidence and
claims of the other defendants who have
not appealed, based on alleged Spanish
and Mexican grants, thus not presuming
any grant in Santa Fe."
Argument in the case was made by the
Assistant Attorney-General J. M. Dickin
son and Matt Reynolds, special assistant
to the Attorney-General for the United
States, and T. B. Catron. who formerly was
Delegate to Congress from New Mexico for
the city of Santa Fe.
That" argument having been concluded
the somewhat famous case of the United
States vs. a certain tract of land in Cum
berland, Adams County, Pa., involving
the effort of the War Department officials
acting under an act of Congress to secure
possession by condemnation for use as a
part of the Gettysburg National Park of
certain portions of the battlefield over
which runs the tracks of the Gettysburg
Electric Railway Company. Two tracts
were sought to be obtained, of 7.02 acres
for which the jury assessed the damages
of the railway company at $30,000, a°nd
the other of 3.12 ocres. The petition to
condemn this the lower court ordered to
be quashed, and from the judgments in
War
Is declared by Hood's Sarsaparilla upon
impure blood and all its disagreeable symp-
toms. By purifying the blood it cures
rheumatism, neuralgia, scrofula aad ca-
tarrh, and gives vitality.
Sars&parilia
Is the One True Blood Purifier. $1 ; 6 for $5
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell . Mass.'
fioocrs Pills avo. Ee sT«uS^ U| •*••■
both cases the United States appealed*
For the Government Assistant Attorney-"
General Conrad appeared and for the rail-;
way company Thomas Hart Jr.
TROUBLE IX STORE.
The Armenian Question Promises to \
Cause Much Annoyance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The Sen- I
ate Committee on Foreign Relations held \
its first meeting this morning since the ,
reorganization of the Senate. Chief among
the matters referred to this committee
were affairs relating to Cuba. Venezuela
and Armenia. The members of the com
mittee say that the latter one will cause
this Government no end of trouble. Papers
before the committee indicate that half
has not been told. How to effectually in
terfere without violating the National
policy of evading entangling alliances
with foreign powers is a problem of diplo
macy that the State Department alone can
solve. .
The recognition of the belligerent right
of Cuba is also pressing upon the com
mittee. This will be the first thing taken
up next Saturday.
♦
Trip of the Minneapolis.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The
Navy Department has been informed that
the cruiser Minneapolis left Alexandretta
for Smyrna. Syria, on the 6th inst.
DECORATED JFOR Bit AT I.IIT.
Ten Kee Sing and Uia Medals Seen in a
Police Court.
NEW YORC, N. V., Jan. B.— Ten Kee
Sing, a Chinese who served in the United
States navy and who has been decorated
by Congress for bravery, v. as a prisoner
yesterday in the Court of General Sessions.
He was arrested on complaint of Chin Sing,
a gambler, who charges that Ten Kee Sing
and five other Shinanien entered his place
last October and knocking him down
robbed him of $7 25.
Ten Kee Sing denied the charge and was
held in $1000 bail to await trial. He claimed
thai he was the victim of a conspiracy on
the part of the Chinese gamblers of Mott
street, who were incensed because he had
testified against them in several trials. As
he stood at the bar of the court Ten Kee
Sing wore two medals pinned to his waist
coat. One of them was of gold and had
been presented to him by the Navy Depart
ment. The other, of silver, bore this in
scription :
"To Charles Tong Sing. In commemo
ration of perils encountered, and in ex
pression of the high esteem in which Con
gress held his services. [Act approved
September 30, 1801.] 1879-1832."
He explained that under the name of
Charles Tong Sing he bad served as a
steward on the ill-fated Jeanette of the
Arctic expedition. He shared the suffer
ings of the party under command of Engi
neer Melville, which traveled 700 miles
over the ice and escaped the fate of the
rest of the expedition. Two other facts in
Ten Kee Sing's career are that he was
born in San Francisco thirty-eight years
ago and served as a policeman in Port
land, Or.
♦
Jf EMC A L COL L JUG ES O UTL A WEI).
Diplomas of TJiree Missouri Institutions
C/inceled.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. B.— The State
Board of Health, in session at St. Louis,
Monday outlawed three Kansas City med
ical colleges, as follows: The University
Medical, the "Woman's Medical and the
Homeopathic Medical. Notice of this
action was made public to-day by Secre
tary King.
The board has absolute power in ail
matters relating to the practice of medi
cine in the State, and if a college is <!>
--clared not to be in good standing the
diploma issued by it is void.
NEW TO-DAY.
"A big falling off."
Second-class clothiers and high-price tai»
lors have had a big falling off; the ten-
dency of trade Is towards the golden mid-
dle way — wnich is spelt R-o-o-s B-r-o-s.
We promise to make the falling off big-
ger in '96; and it shall include that half-
and-half— the cheap tailor.
Fine Bine Kersey Overcoat or Black Cheviot
Ulster, $12— something first-class and genteeL
Men's heavy All-Wool Pants, $2.50.
Special competent man in charge of mall
orders. ;>^,
GOOD,
a^^ii the
! "***" i
' Suggestive when buying Shoes. Ove*
. 100,000 pairs of "Itough-and-Ready" and
I "Knoi All" School Shoes were sold this
j year at the
\ BIG SHOE FACTORY,
) ROSENTHAL, FEDER ft CO.,
fSBI- 83 MARKET ST.,
Kear Second.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
fELADIESIRILL ROOM
—OP THE
PALACE HOTEL.
rnLnUL Bill I LLa
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL. ]»lII>NIGHT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Dt - . Lost Manhood. £' btllty o?
»r. j, f . tIOBON, Bos m7raanj££££JACKSON DAY FETES
The Hero of New Orleans
Eulogized in Many-
Cities.
HIS VALOR EXTOLLED.
Patriotic Speeches, in Which the
Venezuelan Dispute Is Made
to Figure.
TOASTED IN BANQUET HALLS'
Cabinet Officials Utilize an Op
portunity to Talk Upon
Finance.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. B.— Jackson
d:iy, the eiglity-tirst anniversary of the
battle of New Orleans, was celebrated by
: ■ Business Men's Democratic Associ
ation to-night at the Savoy Hotel. Theo
dore Myers presided and at hisrightsat
tary of the Navy Herbert, e\-
Governor Flower, ex-GovernorT. M. Wal
ler of Connecticut, Congressman Amos J.
Cumraings and Judge I', li. Degro. At
the chairman's left were Isidore Eaynes,
Comptroller Fitch, Postmaster Dayton, J.
1.. Simmons, Evan Thomas and C. C.
Baldwin.
Chairman Myers arose and congratu
lated those present upon th«> proof afforded
by their member-, who. lie said, were the
Old Guard of D principles, that
had neither died nor turrendered. Mr.
Myers then introdw ed the lion. Hilary U.
Herbert, who spoke on •Sound Money
Necessary to Coi •• •■ ■•'■ Prosperity."
Mr. Herbert was received with great en
thusiasm and commended the "firm
foreign policy" of Andrew Jackson, which
has caused our country to take a stand
among toe nations of the earth it has
never before occupied. He further claimed
for the Tennessee statesman that he saw
I 5 it can be pointed out to-day
the value of the soundest currency, and in
f a financial crisis, severe and
: prolonged than any this country has
ever witnessed, he brought the currency of
the hind back to a sound basis by an ex
hibition of courage and devotion to prin
« hu-h, though it may have its paral
never to be surpassed. With this
minary reference to the hero of the
day Secretary Herbert immediately
.ed off to a discussion of existing
tary conditions.
•No man," he said, "who reads Andrew
:i aright can for a moment doubt
where he would stand unon this question, :
is upon record as declaring in the
mist solemn manner that a silver dollar ,
should have in it neither more nor less
than a dollar's worth of silver, reckoned
i-ommercial value. He held no such
ideas a< are now advocated that the
Government can declare a nitio by law
and maintain two metals at par on that
ratio, simply because die law so provides.
Jfe knew that the relative value of gold
iiid silver was a commercial question, to
Le settled by the markets of the world.
lie saw that a difference of 3 cents in the
value of the bullion in a gold and in a
silver dollar had driven gold out of the
country, and he therefore signed a law
that cnanged the ratio of the two metals
from 15)4 to ! to 1(> to !•"
Continuing he said: "Our currency sys
tem must be reformed and reformed on
: principles. How shall we ever get
this reform? It can only be effected be
getting a sound-money President and
sound-money Congress at the same time.
It is easy enough to get the House, for the
House represents the people, and the
le of this country will always be for
eound money by a iarge majority. But
the Senate we must have, too."
A telegram from the President was read
and elicited unbounded applause. It was
addressed to the chairman of the com
mittee and said :
In spirit I join your guests to-night in their
applause of every patriotic sentiment which
the occasion inspires and I rejoice with them
in their manifestations of that love for our
National life an<l honor which characterized
■-eat American whose deeds and valor
you commemorate. Grovkr Cleveland.
' hairman Myers introduced ex-Governor
J'lower, who responded to the toast "The
btate of New York." Incidentally he re
ferred to President Cleveland on the Ven
ezuelan question:
"I don't believe that one inch they do
not at present possess on this continent
Should be given to a foreign monarchy. If
a war comes— and God grant that it may
not— you will salute Grover Cleveland as
you to-night salute Andrew Jackson, l
■wa .t you to study the Monroe doctrine.
It does not mean war unless England
wains it. Let us stand for the Monroe
doctrine, which is the fundamental prin- ,
ciple of our Government."
Governor Waller was the next
Breaker, and responded to the toast
"Patriotism and Partisanship." He said :
"I have listened and applauded with
Vigor the patriotic utterances of the
fpeakers before me, for I rejoice in the Na
tional feeling that has been set on fire
within the last thirty days. Our 10,000,000
of voters— sovereigns and rulers, partisans
and politicians— are- to-night, without ex
ception, all patriots too, and their patriot
ism is not jingoism ; it is love of country
and not love of war. Tup world never saw
a better illustration of the power of patri
otism and partisanship, when acting to
gether, as our political opponents pre
sented in Congress in their unanimous
Biipport of the chief of our Nation and our
great part}' leader when be raised the
American standard in front of old England
and advanced to the uttermost limit the
doctrine of Monroe."
JACKSOX AS A "<iOLl>nr<}.»
Secretary J/nke Smith Makes a J'olitical
Sjirrrh.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., ian. 8.- For the
tixteenth year the Young Men's Demo
cratic Association to-night observed the
anniversary of the victory of Andrew
Jackson's- force over the British at New
Orleans by a dinner. About 200 members
of the association were present. The prin
cipal guests of the evening were Vice-
President Stevenson, Secretary Hoke
Bmitli, D. N. Morgan, Treaurer of the
Tinted States; United States Senator
Charles J. Faulkner of West Virginia and
John L. Seymour. Commissioner of Pat
ent?. Attorney-General Harmon was ex
pected to be present to respond to the
toast "The President of the United States,"
"but he was detained in Washington by
Government business before the Supreme
Court.
fcfccretary Smith spoke to the toast, "The
Public Credit/ Mr. Smith's speech was
, in advocacy of a gold standard as opposed
i to free silver.
Secretary Hoke Smith, at the dinner of
the Young Men's Democratic Association
to-niciit, in opening his address declared
that Andrew Jackson was a "sound-money
I Democrat. 1 ' He said the Republicans left
the treasury practically empty, with the
exception of the gold reserve, when tinned
over to the Democrats on March 4, 1803.
He urped that the financial disturbance
bes;an before the revenues had ceased to
! be sufficient to meet the expenses of the
| Government; also that the first deficiency
i was before the passage of new tariff legis
! lation, there having been a deficiency in
i round numbers of $60,000,000 during the
j twelve months immediately preceding the
i repeal of the McKinley bill. He also
showed that since the passage of the Sher
man purchasing act, gold to the amount
of $395,000,000 had been withdrawn from
j the treasury. Concluding his remarks,
the Secretary said:
"No one questions the ability of the
j Government to meet its current expenses.
It is the doubt as to the purpose of the
| Government to maintain gold as a stand
; ard which has created the distrust, which
' has shaken confidence, which has checked
! business and lessened the revenue. He
move this doubt and the increase of the
eeneral prosperity will readily take care of
the question of the revenues.
"Andrew Jackson was distinguished for
his courage and patriotism. Let Demo
crats meet the issue before the country
with the same spirit and Republican ma
jorities will fade before them."
Celebrated at Little Hack.
LITTLE ROCK, Ar.K., .lan. B.— The Old
Hickory Club appropriately celebrated
Jackson's day to-night by an elaborate
banquet, the most notable event in the
history of the club, which is composed of
the most prominent Democrats of this city
and State. Hon. J. W. Blackwood, presi
dent of the Old Hickory Club, presided.
STANDS BY OLD GLORY.
Manager Rice Resents Insults to
the Flag by Canadian
Audiences.
Intends to Decorate a Montreal Stage
With Several Gross of the
Emblems.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Many
persons who go to Theatrical Manager
Edward E. Rice's burlesque shows have
noticed ttat the American flag plays a |
prominent part in the productions. One \
of Mr. Rice's productions is called "1492," '
as nearly everybody knows, and it is
thoroughly American. There is an en
trancing Columbian march in one act,
where the pretty girls wear very little
except the stars and stripes, of about the
dimensions usually used to decorate
patriotic Christmas-trees.
Mr. Rice took this entirely American
production to Australia last year. It is
said it would have duplicated there its suc
cesses in New York but for the fact that
Mr. Rice refused to substitute the Union
Jack for Old Glory. Great bitterness was
thereby engendered and Mr. Rice came
home disgusted.
He sent his show to Canada last week.
Everything went well until Monday ni^ht,
when a week's engagement was begun in
the Academy of Music, Montreal. There
Mr. Rice expected the show to do a profit
able business. His amazement therefore
knew no bounds that night when he re
ceived the news that his flaps had been
hissed and he immediately telegraphed to
liis manager, "Give them the American
flag or no show."
Early yesterday morning Mr. Rice
rushed down to the office of Lawyer
Charles S. Hess and instructed Mr. Hess
to draw up an appeal to the Suite Depart
ment and Mr. Hess did it. Mr. Rice next
went out and bought several gross of
American Hags, together with the finest
silk Old Glory he could find. There he
racked in his trunk and at f> o'clock he
boarded a New York Central train for
Montreal.
Before starting Mr. Rice told Mr. Hess
that he intended to decorate the theater
with American Hags to-day, and, more
over, that he would drive from the railway
station to his hotel in a cab festooned
with the American colors. Rice's friends
say he would carry out his threat if he had
to cancel the entire Canadian tour of the
"1492" company.
TORTVREto BY WBITES.
Ruffians Compel an Aged Indian to Sur-
render His Gold.
PARIS, Tex., Jan. B.— ln the mountains
twenty miles east of Tushkahoma, Ind.
T., Jack Battiste, an old Choctaw, was re
ported to have kept money at his house.
Sunday four white men, who had disguised
themselves in various ways, entered the
house and stood around fcr a while warm
ing: themselves. Then they took Battiste
out of the house, and tried by threats to
get him to tell where his money was hid
den, but he refused. This was followed by
an unmerciful lasbine, in which his skin
and flesh were terribly lacerated. Still he
would not tell.
He was then Irauled up by the neck and
handed until life was almost extinct. As
soon as he could speak after being let
down he told them to tell his wife to give
them the money, and she gave them $750.
The bandits then went away.
DISABLED AT SEA.
The German Steamer Itayonne Helpless
on the .Uliiutic.
ROSTON, Mass.. Jan. B.— The steamer
Yurumuri (N orwegian), Captain Engert
sen, arrived to-day from Port Morant,
Janraica, and reports that at daylight yes
terday morning she fell in with the Ger
man tank steamer iSayonne of Bremen,
Captain yon Hugo, from Venice December
11, via Gibraltar December L'o, for Phila
delphia, with the loss of all the blades of
her propeller. She was under sail.
Captain yon Hugo requested to be towed
to New York, but as the Yurumuri bad
scarcely coal enough to enable her to reach
port and tiad a perishable cargo aboard the
latter was nr.able to render assistance.
When the Yurumuri left the disabled
steamer she was about 110 miles off South
Shoat lightship.
Wrecked by an Explosion.
LANCASTER, Pa., Jan. B.— An upright
six-horsepower boiler in the butcher-shop
of G. F. Fenton, in Mount Joy, exploded
this afternoon, blowing to pieces the frame
building in which it was located. G. F.
Fenton, the owner, was fatally injured,
and Christian Gingrich, an employe, is in
a precarious condition. The loss to prop
erty is quite heavy.
Withdrawal* of Gold.
NEW YORK, X. V.. Jan. H.-The $200.
--000 gold withdrawal from the sub-treasury
to-day was for the acount of the Bank of
Montreal. It is .said that tiie gold will be
forwarded to Europe.
Mrs. Jj. A. 7'erkln* Iffmmf.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. B.— Mrs. L. A.
I Perkins, the i:idy supposed to have disap
peared while on the voyage to San Fran
cisco, never left here. .She was ticketed
for passage ami had her baggage checked,
j but at the last moment tooK sick and
| remained at home.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
WOULD INSURE PEACE
The London Chronicle Is
for an International
Commission.
JUDGES TO ARBITRATE.
How the Results of Salisbury's
Stubbornness Could Be
Undone.
DECLARES HE WAS IN ERROR.
He Could Not Possibly Face Parliament
After Rejecting Pacific
Overtures.
LONDON, England, Jan. B.— With ref
erence to the meeting iield to consider
what furiher steps shall be taken concern
ing the suggestion that differences be
tween the United States and Great Britain
be settled by a commission composed of
an equal number of Judges of Her Maj
esty's High Court of Justice and of the
United States Supreme Court, the Daily
Chronicle to-morrow will say:
"We are delighted that a practical move-
THE TOBOGGAN PLATFORM OF THE ICE CASTLE AT TRI CKEE, WITH McGLASHAN'S ELECTRICALLY ILLUMINATED
TOWER IN THE DISTANCE.
[From a night sketch made, on the spot by a "Call" staff artitL]
ment has been begun. It will instantly
create a response in the United States,
and thus the original warlike situation
may prove a preliminary to a great and
noble peace, honorable to the nations con
cerned and a -esson to the world. Half of
the mischief which has desolated man
kind has been due to inability to put our
selves in the point of view of our fancied
enemy. To learn what he thinks is our
first duty and our most vital interest. Let
us realize the American feeling, as Amer
icans should and will realize ours. Let us
provide a method for putting each view
before wise and learned men.
"That the present friction can only be
ended by impartial arbitration is already
certain. Lord Salisbury could not possibly
face Parliament with the statement that lie
had refused to meet the United States on
this ground. The first movement in this
particular issue between the two countries
should have, perhaps, come from our
Government as soon as Secretary Olney's
dispatcli was handed to Lord Salisbury.
"Our conviction is that when Lord Salis
bury shall have replied it will be time for
the English people to speak touching the
necessity for what Kant called 'perpetual
peace.' This would involve the establish
ment of a permanent court of arbitration
between the two countries to discuss,
advise upon and adjudicate all disputes
that may arise. That court, we are able to
say, the American Government desires."
WAR TALK IX JAMAICA.
Sentiment Divided Jletivcen English and
A iner {can Claims.
NEW YORK , N. V.. Jan. 8.-The Times
correspondent in Kingston, Jamaica, writ
ing under date of December 31, says: "A
great deal- of excitement has been occa
sioned here by the attitude of the United
States toward Great Britain relative to the
Venezuelan question. It is popularly be
lieved that nothing can avert a. war be
tween the two great branches of the
English-speaking people, and the idea is
abroad that before the American fleet goes
down to try conclusions with the British
at Venezuela it will stop en route and cap
ture Jamaica.
"The idea is most improbable, but is
believed in, all the same, and a good deal
of brag is the result. To hear people talk
one would think Jamaica was a second
Gibraltar. The oddity of it is that the
very people who are loudest in their
boasts about 'beating off the Yankees' are
those who usually talk the most glibly
about 'the manifest destiny' of the West
Indies to become an integral part of the
great republic and who can best recount
the many advantages, commercial and in
dustrial and even political that such a
destiny would involve. Yet, when there
is the ieast appearance of the transfer beine:
accomplished they talk of resisting it as a
great evil.
"In point of fact, while intelligent Ja
maicans do not really believe that there
will be any war, they do think that it
would be advantageous to all the colonies
could they somehow get their Hag and
allegiance changed and come within the
direct influences of the United States."
ENGLAND'S WARLIKE ACT.
Colonial Police Sent to Guard the Dis
puted Boundary in Ven
ezuela.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9. -A Herald
Caracas (Venezuela) cable says: The Gov
ernment lias received news from the Ven
ezuelan boundary stations, near the fron
tier nf British Guiana, to the effect tiiat
100 men of the British colonial police have
been sent to jjuard the English station in
the disputed territory.
The. administration regards this action
as a direct menace on the part of England,
following as it does so closely the message
of the President of the United States re
lating to the boundary Question.
LOS ELLS MEKCHA.XTS.
' Annual Election of thr. Chamber of Com
merce.
LOS ANGELES, Cai,., Jan. .B.— the
Chamber of Commerce to-day the elec
tion of directors for the ensuing year took
place.
It resulted as follows: For President,
W. • C. Patterson; for vice-president,
| Charles Form an: for second vice-presi
dent; J. S. Slauson; for teasurer, R. J.
Waters. Committee chairmanships—Com
; merce, J. O. Koepfli; manufactures, K.
: Colin; immigration, ('. W. R. Ford; lands,
George S. Patton; . mines, Hancock Ban
ning; ways and means. J. R. New berry;
j statistics." F. Munson; law, J. A. Graves;
I membership,* Louis F. Vetter; hotels, O.
T. Johnson: parks, J. H. Davisson. Of
; these rive are new on the board of direct-
I ors, and are all influential and prominent
I business men.
CHARGEIt WITH FEItJUIiT.
David J>'i*hcr Married a Jd-Tear-Old
Girl and Her father lit Mad.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. B.— David
Fisher, charged with perjury in securing a
marriace. license to wed a 16-year-old girl,
was to-day held over to appear for trial
before the Superior Court.
Fisher gave $500 bonds for his appear- j
ance before the court. He was recently
married to Annie Bhikeley ol : Forestville.
A few days after the marriage the girl's
father came to town and swure out a war
rant for F. slier' s arrest. The father claims
the girl is only 16 years of age, and that i
Fisher swore she was of age when he got
the license.
I'rfuno Bank Witling.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. B.— O. J. Wood
ward, president of the First National Bank
|of this city, to-duy telegraphed to t lie New
York World stating that the lunik stood
reudy to take a share of the new issue of
Government bonds.
The bank is willing to take bonds to the
amount of $120,1100 or thereabouts.
A FRESNO CONSTABLE.
I . -
His Sagacious Prisoner Ran
Affairs to Suit Him
self.
THROWN FROM A WAGON
After Unhitching One of the
Horses the Prisoner Rode
Home.
HE LAUGHED AT HIS CAPTOR.
The Officer Is Now a Sadder and
Much Wiser Man of the
Law.
FRESNO, Cat,., Jan. B.— Deputy Con
stable Bigelow of the foothill region in
■ Madera County had an experience yester
day which he will not soon forget and
which will, no doubt, teach him a valu
able lesson.
He went up to the North Fork country
and arrested a man named Fred Pierce
on a warrant charging him with disturb
ins the peace. The oliicer had a two
i seated carriage, and placed the prisoner
on the rear seat for the journey to court.
Pierce was not handcuffed.
Everything went well for the first ten
miles. When in the vicinity of the Oneal
postoftice the prisoner took charge of
affairs.
At the opportune moment Pierce threw
his arms about the deputy constable,
pinioning the latter's arms, and then took
the officer's pistol out of his hip pocket.
Coming to the front seat, Pierce took
the reins from the officer and threw him
out of the buggy. Now armed with the
deputy constable's pistol, Pierce drove on
for half a mile, when he unhitched one of
the horses,
He mounted the horse and rode back to
his home. As he passed the officer Pierce
taunted him considerably, but as he had
the pistol Bigelow was powerless to do
anything.
XOKTHERy PACIFIC TANGLE.
Settlement of the Hccrlvrrrhip Affair Is
Thounht to Be Close at lln»l.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. B.— While re
fraining from expressing a positive
opinion. Receiver Burleigh of the North
ern Pacific is not inclined to place very
much credence in the report to the effect
that the receivership matter is to be
handed over to the control of the five
Supreme Court Justices sent out to-day
from Milwaukee.
"As a matter of fact," Mr. Burleigh said,
"the ."Northern Pacific Railroad extends
not through five but three — seventh, eighth
and ninth—United States judicial circuits,
though the main officers of the company
are in the New York circuit. If. such a
movement is on foot," Mr. liurleieru con
tinued, "I know nothing of it, for action
would betaken by the lawyersin the case."
As regards what would probably be done
to-morrow at Helena by Circuit Judge
Gilbert, Mr. Burleigh said action would
have no relation to the new phase; that it
was merely more to unify the receive r>.'iip
for the ninth circuit, compiising the States
of Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Mon
tana.
The final settlement of the Northern
Pacific receivership muddle, Mr. Burleigh
thinks, is near at hand, as "there is a point
beyond which great interests will not per
mit warring parties to go."
HUMHOLItT'S XI-: W RAILWAY.
Several Miles of the Survey Completed
and Hi gilts of Way lieing Secured.
EUREKA, Cal.. Jan. 8. — Representa
tives of the California. Oregon and Idaho
Railroad Company, who have been en
gaged here for the past two months in
connection with the survey for the pro
posed line, have been forced to discon
tinue this season's work on account of the
snow on the mountains.
The survey lias been extended about
eight miles up Mad River and nearly
twenty miles from Kr.reka.
The members of the citizen committee
declare themselves weli pleased witn the
work done by William liu.sk. the engineer,
and C. W. Richardson, the draftsman, and
will commence at once to secure rights of
way along the route mapped out by the
engineers.
No difficulty is anticipated dv the com
mittee in securing the rights of way,
which all will mosi likely he given gratis
in hopes of aiding the road.
LECTLRE AT JiAl'A.
Tir. Case fiirea an Address on the Sub-
jeet of " Ideality and tiublin ity."
NAPA, Cal., Jan. B.— Rev. Dr. W. W.
Case of San Francisco delivered a lecture
before the faculty and students ot Napa
College to-day on "Ideality and Sublim
ity," the occasion being the opening of the
winter semester of the college.
Dr. Case was extremely happy in the
handling of his subject. The outcome or
lesson of the lecture was that the youth of
the country ought to cultivate the faculty
of sublimity, giving breadth and sweep to
their mentality; that they ought to reach
out for trreat thoughts, for high aspira
tions. He said that those of the present
generation have v right to expect much
and that much will be demanded of them.
To stimulate his hearers he quoted the
word 8 of the poet:
Nobly bpjjiu.
If only limo for but ;i line, !>«• that sublime!
Not lailure, bin, low aim, the <rime.
Dr. Case was heartily congratulated at
the close of bis address. Napa College is
conducted under the guidance and control
of the M. E. church and is in a flourishing
condition.
UTAH'S GOVERNOR SPEAKS
His First Message Was Read in
the Legislature Yester
day.
Liberal Appropriations Advised for the
State University and Other
Interests.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 3.— Governor
Wells' message was read in the Legisla
ture this afternoon.
It deals minutely with most of the mat
ters calling for legislation required to
make the provisions of the constitution
operative. It states that the bonded in
debtedness of the Btate is $.500,000 and the
floating indebtedness $100,000, and his ;
Excellency recommends that the increased
expenses incidental to Statehood be met ;
by an issue of 4 per cent bonds. Atten- !
tion is also called to the election of two
United States Senators.
Liberal appropriations for the Univer
sity of Utah nnd other educational estab
lishments are recommended; also favor
able consideration lor- the adoption of the
Australian ballot system in the State.
Other matters recommended are the ap
pointment of a Btate engineer, whose duties
shall principally be to further the irrica
tion system; the enactment of laws for
the preservation of forf-sts; for the appoint
ment of a board of arbitration to settle
labor dispute^: for the granting ol reason
able State bounties to infant industries;
for the prevention of discrimination in
charges or transportation facilities by rail
roads, and for the appointment of a com
mission to carry out the designs of the
Legislature in this regard ; for the accept
ance by the State of the Government arid
lands; for the abolition of the fee system
and the payment of State officers by sal
aries as provided in the constitution"; for
liberal appropriations for the maintenance
of the State militia.
It is suggested that the Lesislatiire me
morialize Congress for the passage of a bill
for the free coinage of silver and for the
allowance of $10,000, the amount of the
deficiency in the appropriation made by
Congress for the expenses of the constitu
tional convention. The building of a State
capitol at this time is not advised.
CASHIER SEELEY CAUGHT.
Has Been Living in San Jose
Under an Assumed
Name.
None of the $2600 He Took From the
Russ House Has Been Re
covered.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. S.— A. W. Seeley,
who on November 7, 1895, while book
keeper and cashier of the Ru<-s House of
San Francisco, embezzled $2(!W, was ar
rested in this city to-night by the Sheriff.
The accused was living under the name
of James Waldreth. Upon ins departure
from fc-an Francisco with the stolen money
he went to Los Gatos and took the Keely
cure.
Notwithstanding the fact that he left a
wife and two children in S:ui Francisco, ho
married Ida Shields of this city about a
month ago- None of the stolen money
was recovered.
J. S. V oung of the Russ House and Cap
tain J. J. Callandun of Morse's detective
agency arrived this evening:, and will take
the prisoner to San Francisco in tho
morning.
Seeley says liquor was the cause of his
downfall. He w;is at one time a lieutenant
in the National Guard.
SAXTA CRUZ CATTLE CASE.
Henry Miller, the Cattle Kinrf. lit Looking
After Three Thousand Hollars.
SANTA CRUZ, <\u.., Jan. S.— Henry
Miller, the cattle king, is in town in at
tendance at a suit in the Superior Court in
the case of Miller vs. the Santa Cruz
Butchers' Union.
It is for about $3000, for cattle purchased
from Miller some time ago by a party who
had been buying for the' Butchers' Union.
The union claims that the party bought
the cattle for his own use and not theirs.
Xapa'a Xouthjul Kurfilttr.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. B.— John Stephens,
an 18-year-old boy, wns arrested this even
ing by Marshal Chaigneau for burglary.
He entered Hanson's saloon, near the
steamboat lauding, on Monday nicht, and
stole a quantity of whisky," cigars and
eatables.
Stephens is a hard case. He has been in
custody before for small tiieft-. His
parents live in Los Angeles, where his
father is a contractor and" builder. They
forme riy resided nere, and were weii
thought of.
I'oet IrWiiiiif Dead.
PARIS, France, Jan. B.— Paul Verlaine,
the well-known French poet, died here
this afternoon. He was 51 years of age. d
MENDOCINO TRAGEDY.
Trial of the Men Accused of
Jack Littlefield's
Murder.
CONFLICTING EVIDENCE.
Baylis Van Horn, John Crow and
Joe Gregory the Men
Charged.
THE STORY TOLD BY VINTON.
A Motion to Discharge the Defendants
on the Ground of Insufficient
Proof Denied.
URIAH, Cat,., Jan. B.— Last Monday
morning at 10 o'clock the preliminary ex
amination of Baylis Van Horn. .John «'row
and Joe Gregory, charged with the mur
der of Jack Littlefield at lied Mountain on
the 27th of last September, began befor*
Justice Philbrook.
District Attorney Bartlett appeared for
the people and D. G. Reid for the defense,
: and Frank Woodbury was sworn in aa
stenographer to report the testimony.
The lirst witness called for the prosecn
! tion was John M. Vinton, who testified
: that he had been shot by Littletield two
j days before the date of the alleged mur
j der, while riding on the range. The
! me of Vinton was what led to the hanging
| of Littlefield.
Vinton testified that the man who shot
him had his faoe covered, but he recog
nized Littlefield by his peculiar stoop. It
was late in the afternoon, but there was
light enough to see plainly, [n response
to a question as to where he was shot Vin
ton opened his vest and shirt and showed
a bullet wound in his breast on the right
side and an inch or so lrom the breast
bone. The bullet passed through his
body, breaking a couple of ribs in its
passage.
Following Vinton, George Van Horn,
George Kindred, T. B. Hayden, Dryden
Leacock, better known as "Buck" Lea
cock, and P. R. Kadciiffe testified. Court
then adjourned till Tuesday morning.
On Tuesday the prosecution rested it*
case after the following witnesses were
heard: James Wilburn Jr., who testified
tbat Littlcfield was with him and not near
the scene of the shootins of Vinton; Wil
liam Espy, Frank Potter, John Wathen,
stepson of Yes Palmer, employer of Little
field; Walter Clark, J. A. Box, W. P.
O'Neil, W. Shields, P. G. Potter a:;d Thos.
Steele.
The testimony was of a general charac
ter and followed the events from the shoot
ing of Vinton to the killing of Littlefield,
giving the movements and whereabouts of
the defendant to the best knowledge <>f
the witnesses. There was testimony as
to the gathering at Vjnton's house of a
number of men and of a search being
made for track?, etc. ; of the arrest of Lit
tlelield and of the events subsequent to the
arrest as far as known.
At the close of the testimony counsel
for the defense moved that the defendants
be discharged on the eround that the evi
dence was insufficient to justify holding
them for trial. The motion was then ar
gued and submitted, the court taking th<>
matter under advisement till Wednesday
morning at 10 o'clock, at which time the
motion was denied.
Court then adjourned till 12 o'clock of
the same day, at which time the defense
asked for a continuance until January 20
in order to enable it to produce testimony
in its behalf.
The request was granted, and tho hear
ing was continued till Monday, January
20, at 10 o'clock.
A XOTAMU.K I ■•ltf-:.S.\l> FAILURE.
Thoina* & Ilufjltr*. th,- lather nf Fresno,
Fails Through Overloading.
PRESNO, <\u.., Jan. 8. - Thomas E.
Hughes to-day tiled a petition in insol
vency; liabilities, $17«,U0O; assets, nothing.
Mr. Hughes built the Hughes Hotel and
the Hughes block in this city durum the
boom, and owned land on which the fa
mous John Brown colony in Mudera was
since founded.
He is known as the father of Fresno.
His failure was due to overloading himself
with real estate when prices were high and
to too much mortgaging.
A Fresno Knnk Accepts.
FRESNO, Cal.. Jan. B.— The First Na
tional Bank of Fresno to-day agreed to
take its share of Cleveland's proposed,
bonds— probably $_V>,ooo.
NEW TO-DAY.
\ A Cure |j
I \ for You. |
'i Dr. Sanden's Elec- "t
* trie Belt is a guaran-
Vm teed cure for all weak- ll
yi . ness of men. It in- 1]
WP . fuses into the body Pi
jwk ' the glowing warmth fJ
|Urn of Electro-Magnetism f3
I while you sleep at 5
I\\ ; night. It induces a j|
ils healthful, refreshing W
ImM slumber and you feel JM
i j 1 manly and bright-
if M spirited when you M \
\mi awaken in the morn- WJ
y| DR. SANDEN'S TA
jfT ELECTRIC BELT J»
lm ! Is a boon to weak f
■J S men. It gives new fm .
mM 'life, new manhood. Ii AY \
Xl you are weak, try it. M
¥M Save doctors' bills and wm
tM invest your money in |?
|Xl renewed manhood. Wk
jWk Get the book, "Three .WM
I tfk Classes of Men," free. Km
IWi SAXDEX « i.kctkic CO., A
' , 632 Market street, Opp. Palace EW
; & Mo.-:. ban Francisco. Cal. ■ KM
" ' OHice hours, Bto 6; Kveniiigs, tv\
1 7 to 8:30.
I '- ' _^
34
A LOS ANGELES COACH
Colonel Bradbury Sued by
O'Campo, His Injured
Jehu.
BAD HAND AT DRIVING.
The Coach- Was Driven Off an
Embankment and All
Were Spilled.
HAD TOO MUCH REFRESHMENT.
O'Cainpo the Only One Hurt and He
Wants Twenty-Five Thousand
Dollars.
LOS AXGELES, Tat... Jan. B.— Colonel
John Bradbury, together with other mem
bers of a somewhat celebrated coaching
party, appeared in Department 5 of the
Superior Couri I . s morning as defendant
i:: a $25,000 damage suit, brought against
him by "Tommy" O'Campo, one of the
iridest-knotrn jehus of Southern Cali
fornia.
The attorney for the plaintiff said he ex
pected to show that the coaching party
started from Los Angeles May i'> with his
■ 0.-trano O'Campo, as coachman
and all-around servant. The party con
sisted of Mr. ami Mrs Bradbury, Hiss
May Banning, Miss Smith, Mr. Norris of
New York, and a Mr. Dater.
The coach was drawn by four horses
and i; was a pay party on pleasure bent.
At Ventura they stopped over night and
•proceeded on their way next morning.
1 >nel Rracibury. who was driving, was
a failure. He nearly upset the coach as
they left the hoM, and, participating in
certain "refreshments"' along the road,
drove the four lively horses recklessly, and
on a sandy road about three miles from
Ventura calmly and coolly drove off the
road and the coach fell over a little em
bankment and was upset. The members
of the party were more or less shaken up
and "Tommy" O'Campo was buried under
the coach and crippled for life.
Tilt: WILL Ol HOLLIS HITCHCOCK.
lie Was Worth Half a Million and Was
Liberal in His Requests.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. The will
of Hollis Hitchcock, dated December 13,
1895, was filed here to-day.
No appraisement has yet been made,
but the petition for the probate of the will
estimates the value of the property at
about $.500,000.
The property of the estate is situated in
Sonoma, Solano, Monterey, Marin and
Mendocino counties. It is subdivided as
follows: Real estate, Sonoma $200,000,
Monterey $60,000, Solano $20,000, Marin
$15,000 and Mendocino $5000. The personal
property is as follows: Railroad stock
$75,000, "bank stock $100,000 and personal
effects $16,000.
The executors of the will are H. E. Law
rence. George McNear and H. M. Leßaron.
Twenty thousand dollars is left to Bo
dega township and Tomales township, in
Marin County, for road improvement.
This sum is to be expended at the rate of
$2000 a year till the legacy is used up.
All of the tenants of the deceased in
Sonoma and Marin counties are to be
given six months rent free.
H. M. Leßaron of Valley Ford is left
$20,000 and a $30,000 bequeathment is to be
held in trust by the executors for the bene
iit of two sisters and one brother now
living. They are to receive a yearly stipend
of $500 each. At their death the residue
goes to the children of deceased's sisters
unit brother and to the child of a sister
now living.
Five hundred dollars is left to each of his
numerous nephews and nieces, save the
children of his brother Benjamin, who are
cut off with flu." each.
The dead man declares he was never
married, but in ca.se proof be shown that
he had a lawful wife or child, he directs
that tney be given
The executors are empowered to sell or
convey any or all of the estate, if so de
sired, without order of the court, and are
to a ! without bond-.
The witnesses to the will are L. C. Lane
oi San Francisco and M. D. Merritt and
G. P.. Williams of Oakland.
A FitESSO nUSRAXD CltAZElt.
Hi* Wife Left Him and He Went About
tireakitig In Doors,
FRESNO, Cu.., Jan. B.— A few day? ago
Mrs. G. I. Hall, wife of a laundryman of
this city, left her husband and two small
children.
She is still in the city, but has remained
(a concealment. Mr. Hall has been mak
ing a rigorous but unsuccessful search
for her.
This morning while on a searching ex
pedition he wont to tue house or a
butcher named Andy Peterson in the east
ern part of the city, having in some way
gained an idea that she was there.
Peterson was still in lied and was awak
ened by Jlall crashing in the front door of
the house. The butcher ran to the front
room, and there he was confronted by
Hall, who immediately leveled a pistol at
him. Peterson did not know Hall and
immediately came to the conclusion that
he was crazy, and he dodged back into
the bedroom and secured a Winchester
rifle.
Just as he got to the door leading from
the bedroom to the front room Peterson
leveled his ritlo on tlie unceremonious
visitor, intending to make short work of
him.
At this dangerous juncture Hall dropped
his pistol and cried out: "Don't shoot;
don't shoot. lam afraid."
Peterson complied with the earnest re
quest and asked Hall what, he wanted.
The latter replied that he was looking for
his wife, who had left him, and asked per
mission to search the house.
This was granted and failing to find his
better half Hall departed, after apologiz
ing for what he had donr.
He ret iirned 1 about an hour later and
begged Peterson to have him arrested.
Hall said that he was crazy over his wife's
desertion and did not know what he was
doing wi-en he invaded Peterson's house.
No arrests were made.
Mr?. Hall is stopping with a private
family in this city and she says that she
left her husband because she could not en
dured hi? cruel treatment.
liA TE- C UTTIXa HEX I Eli.
General Vaaaeytger Agent liyrne of J.o*
Amji-trs Combata the Jlmiior.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. B.— John J.
Byrne, general passenger assent of the
Southern California, said tiiis morning,
when asked if there was any truth in the
report to the effect that the Santa Fe and
the Southern Pacific were cutting rates
from Eastern points to Southern Califor
nia: "If there is any cutting I don't know
about it. The existence of such. a condi
tion o' things would certainly be known
to me.
"It is simply one of those idle rumors
that gaiu currency, the source of which no
one is able to ascertain. There was a j
meeting some time ago of the "Western j
Passenger Agents, and as a result of the ,;
p.i. eting an agreement was entered into.
"This agreement went into effect on the
Ist of December and is sti " in effect. It!
provides that all round-trip tickets shall ■
be sold at 10 per cent less than the fare j
charged coining and Koin>r."
A It AMOR I> JflXTEll'S VKATII.
While on the Chase Ufa Gun Wat Acci
tally Discharged.
HANFORD, Cat.., Jan. B.— Adrian Cer
vantes, a Mexican who resides here, had
been missing for several days, and his
friends were uneasy over his disappear
ance and have been searching: for him.
This morning word was brought in that
bis dead body had been found on the.
Lacuna de Tache ranch, west of Le Moore
and west of Kings River two or three
miles. . .
Cervantes went on a hunting expedition
and it- is thought, lie came to his death by
the accidental discharge of his gun.
He was shot through the heart and from
appearances he had been dead two or three
days. He loaves a wife and child.
Traver Journalist Married.
TRAVRR, Cat.., Jan. B.— G. W. Leisz,
one of our prominent young citizens and,
until recently, one of the proprietors of the
Travel Advocate, was married this morn
ins? to Miss Mattie Landry of Missouri.
Miss Landry came to California on a
pleasure trip a short time ago. She is
quite handsome, and Mr. Leisz became
enamored of her attractions at tneir iirst
meeting. An engagement soon followed,
and the wedding is the sequel.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Sullivan Estate Company Or
ganized With a Million
Capital.
The Notorious Pyle-Piercy Breach of
Promise Case Goes to the Jury
To-Day.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. B.— Chairman
Greeninger of the Board of Supervisors
has appointed W. M. Cooper, A. T. Herr
mann, F. C. Francs, W. A. Meads and C.
M. AVooster as delegates to the fifth ses
sion of the California River Improvement
Convention to be held in San Francisco on
Wednesday, January 15.
A SUICIDAL I.OVE AFFAIR.
Lizzie Morgan's Lover Would Sot Marry
and She Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
SAN JOSE, Oat... Jan. B.— Lizzie Mor
gan, a 17-year-old girl, attempted to com
mit suicide this afternoon at the residence
of her brother Dy swallowing about half an
ounce of carbolic acid.
The girl was on a visit from Wrights
station, where her parent* reside. During
her visit she became acquainted with her
sister-in-law's brother, John Collins.
They had a quarrel and because Collins
would not marry her she decided to com
mit suicide.
The girl wrote a note explaining that
Collins had gone back on her, which
caused her to kill herself.
The doctors who were summoned say
she wili recover.
HEATH OF MRS. HER VET.
A Retident of the Garden City Since the
Early Fifties.
SAN JOSE, Cai-., Jan. B.— Mrs. Caroline
R. Hervey, wife of H. M. Hervey, died at
her residence in the Willows last night
about 9 o'clock.
She was a native of New York, and 79
years of age. She came to San Jose in
1852, and was very prominent in church
affairs. Last September she and her hus
band celebrated their fifty-eighth wedding:
anniversary. The deceased was the
mother of Dr. C. H. Hervey, Professor W.
It. Hervey, Mrs. Rose Stratton and Mrs.
Lena A. White.
ttvlllvan Estate Company.
SAN JOSE, Cai.., Jan. B.— Articles of in
corporation of the Sullivan Estate-Com
pany were tiled in the County Clerk's
office to-day.
The object of th# corporation is to carry
on a general business. The capital stock
is placed at $1,000,000, of which $900 are
subscribed, ban Francisco is named as
the place of business of the corporation.
The following are named as directors:
Francis J. Sullivan, C. A. Sullivan, Ada
E. Sullivan, Belle S. Turner, P. V. Sulli
van, Henrietta Sullivan, Georgia B. Sulli
van, E. V. Sullivan and Mary Pigott.
s Barn- Burners at Work.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— -A barn con
taining about twenty-five tons of bay.
belonging to John Jlaloney, on Carlisle
street, near Pleasant, was destroyed by
fire about 9 o'clock this morning. The
loss amounts to about $300. The fire was
of incendiary origin.
On opening the door 3of the barn four or
five short candles stuck in small piles of
hay were found burning. One burning
candle stood upon a coal oil can in the
center of a pile of hay and had been placed
under one of Maloney's wagons, which
was also strewn with hay in its bed.
JUt: Sprockets Investing.
BAN JOSE, Cai», Jan. B.— A deed was
tiled in the Recorder's office to-day by
which Charles B. Polhemus conveys to A.
B. Spreckels ot San Francisco 802 acres of
land in the Laguna Seco Rancho. The
consideration named is $10, but it is
understood that the actual sum paid was
$120,000.
The land is in the vicinity of the
Twelve-Mile House and is evidently an
other acquisition to the source of supply
of the Citizens' Water Company, in which
Mr. Spreckels is interested.
A. Burglar Sentenced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— Samuel Fran
cis, who with John E. Burke burglarized
the residence of H. V. Morehouse in Octo
ber last, was sentenced to six years in San
Quentin this morning by Judge Lorigan.
Burke, whose trial was to have com
menced this afternoon, asked permission
to withdraw his admission of a prior con
viction and be allowed to plead guilty of
burglary in the second degree. The court
took the matter under advisement until
Friday.
Sudden Death of a Mongol.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. B.— The dead body
of an unknown Chinaman was found on
the railway track back of Fox's nursery,
near Warner station. The body was in a
sitting posture when found. The China
raau was seen in the vicinity about 11
o'clock. Death evidently revolted from
heart disease. The body was brought to
the morgue and an inquest will be held.
The Breach of I'romise Case.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— The taking of
testimony in the Pyie-Piercy $50,000
breach of promise suit was concluded this
rooming. Argument was at once com
menced. K. K. Syer made the opening
address for the plaintiff, He was followed
by Attorney Cotliran for the defense. The
case will probably be given to the jury to
morrow.
Emoline Ho ilia' Will.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— The will of
Emoline Hollis was presented for probate
to-day. W. H. Hollis, the sole devisee
under the will, is riaraea as executor.
The estate consists of $2500 on deposit in a
local bank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
SANTA ROSA'S WATER
Opponents to the Bonds
Achieve a Temporary
Victory.
A DEMURRER SUSTAINED
Judge Daingerfield Makes a Plain
Statement From the
Bench.
EXCHANGE OF BONDS FOR WORK.
"If the Complainant's Allegations Be
True Contract Must Be
Void."
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. B.— ln the
case of Wesley Mock vs. the City of Santa
Rosa Judge Daingeriield of San Francisco,
presiding in Judge Douirherty's depart
ment, made an order sustaining the spe
cial demurrer of the city and allowing the
plaintiff ten days to amend complaint.
This suit was brought in the name of
Wesley .Mock by the opponents to the new
water system to have the bond sale de
clared illegal and the subsequent letting
of the contract void.
In open court to-day the Judge said:
"If the allegations in the complaint were
true I would hold the contract void and a
general demurrer should be overruled."
One cause of action set forth in the com
plaint alleges that the bonds were not
legally sold, but were exchanged for the
work. In referring to this charge the
Judge says there is no impropriety in the
exchange of bonds for work.
Another cause of action set forth in the
complain! alleges that the contract for the
construction of the works is void because
the plan of the work was not in accord
ance with the plans and specifications of
Monjeau which were originally adopted
by the city, and were the plans and speci
fications on which the election was held
and the bonds issued. If this be true the
Judge holds the contract void.
The demurrer, in as far as holding that
the complaint did not state facts sufficient
to constitute a cause of action, was not
sustained by the court.
The Judge's opinion further than has
already been mentioned has not yet been
filed, but the Council claim they nave fol
lowed Monjeau's plans, with such excep
tion? as were allowed by law.
The variations made in the plans and
specitications as adopted by the city con
stitute the strong point in the plaintiff's
complaint. The ruling has been favorably
construed by the attorney? for both sides,
each considering important points won.
SAN DIEGO WATER RATES.
A Rousing Meeting of the Con
sumers Held Last
Night.
The Land and Town Company's Action
Severely Denounced and a Fight
to Come. *
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., Jan. B.— A rousing
mass-meeting of water-consumers under
the Sweetwater system was called to-night
at Chula Vista, and almost every rancher
in the section affected was present.
Originally the meeting was called to
take action against the arbitrary move of
the San Dieeo Land and Town Company
in shutting off the water from the entire
system, but word was received during tbe
day that Judge Ross of the United States
Circuit Court had peremptorily ordered
the water turned on again. The meeting
to-night, therefore, was more temperate,
though it was sufficiently warm to leave
no doubt of the rancher's position in the
matter.
Hon. A. Keen, representative from the
Eightieth District, presided, and speeches
were made by Colonel C. H. Rippey and
Judge M. L. Ward, counsel for the con
sumers.
Colonel Rippey denounced the com
pany's acts as worse than that of Btape
robbers and said he would advise the
ranchers to fight the case to the end
rather than pay double rates after buying
water rights outrieht.
Judge Ward saiti the company had con
ceded that the consumers in purchasing
water rights had become joint owners of
the water with the company, and he also
urged a contest in the courts.
The committee previously appointed to
canvass the ranchers for $1 per acre to
light the case reported that 1250 acres had
been pledged and during the evening $700
cash was raised. The committee was em
powered to employ legal talent and fight
the case to a nnieh.
The company will probably turn on the
water to-morrow, but in the meantime the
bill oi equity in the Federal court will be
heard.
The company alleges that the rate de
manded, $7 per acre, is reasonable and
necessary to yield 6 per cent on its invest
ment: that it has the right to impose it,
and that consumers have no right to enter
separate suits in court to compel the com
pany to furnish water at the old rate of
$3 50 per acre. A decree and injunction is
prayed for accordingly.
The temper of the meeting to-night was
to make concession whether the company
was to contest its right to fix rates at all.
FJtESXO COSTRACTOn GOXJE.
lie Took $2600 With Him and Left Ilia
Men Unpaid,.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. B.— Charles Good
fellow, who had nearly completed his $7000
contract on the sewer extension work in
tins city, was to have paid off his laborers
this evening at Dick Hedinger's cigar
store. Mr. Goodfeilow had fixed this time
and place for paying the men.
At the appointed hour nearly a hundred
men assembled with claims ranging from
$5 to $75. Mr. Goodfellow did not appear,
and after waiting for several hours the
laborers were startled by the report that
their employer had left town.
Yesterday he drew $2fJOO as partial pay
ment on the contract.
One of Goodfellow's bondsmen, when
seen to-night, said that he was satisfied
that the contractor had left for good with
the $2600. It is thought that he went to
San Francisco.
A warrant was sworn out to-night for
his arrest.
While here he had a woman with him
whom he claimed to be his wife, which
was not the case.
yational Guard. Dinner.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 8. — Dr. Scott
Helm, surgeon-general of the Arizona
National Guard, gave his sixth annual
military banq>t€t to-night, at which the
Governor and the Territorial and military
oilicials were present.
Among the guests were Colonel C. F.
Crocker of San Francisco and J. Sloat Fas
sett of New York. The dinner vras the
most elaborate one ever given in Arizona.
A STOCKTOX STEAMER AOItOVXIK
The J. 1). Peters Runs Her JVb.te in the
Mud at Dutchman's Cut.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. B;— The steamer
J. D. Peters ran on the bank last night at
low water at the first cut on the river,
known as Dutchman's, about seven miles
from Stockton.
The vessel was very heavily loaded, and
when she went on the bank was unnble to
pet off again. She was still in the mud
when the Mary Garratt and Captain
•\\ eber passed her this morning.
When the Peters struck the mud bank
last night her nose was soon in the mud
with her fantail out in the stream, so- that
there was barely passageway for the
Dauntless when elie reached that place.
The steamer, did not arrive at the wharf
until this afternoon.
STOCKTON SWIXDLKU OX TRIAL.
Out of the State Two Tears but Captured
Immediately on Returning.
STOCKTON, Cal., J an . 8.-J. W, Rock
well, the man recently arrested in San
Francisco for swinding two Union Island
farmers out of 1007 sheep by representing
himself as a buyer for a San Francisco
house, was placed on trial to-day.
Rockwell bought the sheep on fifteen
days time, disposed of them to San Fran
cisco people and went to Canada.
About the time he left he sent a bogii3
draft to the ranchers. He remained out
of the State two years, but returned to San
1 rancisco two months ago and was taken
into custody.
The evidence against him is conclusive
so far as has been taken and his chances
for San Quentin are favorable.
Xapa Burglar Convicted.
NAPA, Cat,., Jan. B.— Ernest Geiger, the
man who was found to have such a quan
tity of stolen property stored at his Mount
Veeder ranch, near Napa. was found guilty
of burglary to-day.
The crime he was convicted of was that
of stealing a number of vehicles from a
St. Helena carriage-maKer. Attorney Col
well says,he will appeal Geiger's case to
the Supreme Court.
A NEW HAMLET IN JAMES.
That Actor's Interpretation of
the Danish Prince Proves
a Revelation.
Notes of Attractions at the Other
Playhouses— Only Standing Room
at the Columbia.
Louis James' portrayal of Hamlet last
night was a revelation even to his warmest
admirers. This is the lirst season he has
played the role, though it is stated that for
years he has been fired with the ambition
to give his own rendition of the Prince of
Denmark.
During that time James has given much
time ana thought to perfecting his own
conception of the complex character, and
the result, as shown last night, is a Ham
let out of the beaten track, and one that,
for artistic intelligence, as well as for
finished technical skill, can challenge com
parison with such Hamlets as those of
Sliendan, Barry Sullivan, Henry Irvine,
and even the Hamlet of the great Booth
himself.
With regard to the external make-up of
the part. Louis James affects the blonde
or Scandinavian typo, rather than that of
the traditionally dark-haired Dane. His
golden locks add to the youthfulness of
his appearance, thereby giving him about
the Prince's rightful age of 30 years.
From beginning to end of the tragedy
James' portrayal of the Prince of Den
mark waa even and effective. In his
speech and action he followed his own di
rections to the players and never tore a
passion to tatters. His enunciation was
clear and telling, without any trace of
ranting, and his gestures helped to heighten
and emphasize the meaning of his words.
James' conception of the part struck a
medium between madness and sanity,
which was calculated to send the audience
home as puzzled as to whether the Prince
of Denmark were mad or feigning as
Shakespeare probably intended students of
the part should ever be.
He never emphasized the insanity as be
ing a mere cloak to discover his uncle's
guilt. At Ithe same time there was a
method in his madness which gave sym
metry and harmoniousne?s to his interpre
tation.
In the closet scene James was especially
strong. There was a touch of sincerity
and genuine feeling in his reproaches to
the Queen which proclaimed the true
artist. The play scene also he worked up
to a splendidly dramatic climax.
The support was on the whole good.
Miss Alma Kruger was a rather modern
Ophelia in the opening scenes, but she was
admirably natural and effective in the mad
scene. Harris was good as the King, Guy
Lindsley made an impassioned Laertes
and all the other parts were in satisfactory
hands. The scenery was excellent.
"Hamlet" will be repeated to-nipht.
The Frawley company has been more that
repeating this week at the Columbia Theater
its former success. "The Lost Paradise" is a
strong play, and it has evidently pleased the
popular taste, for the sign, "Standing room
only," has been out at most of the perform
ances.
There have been so many requests for "The
Senator" that it has been decided to make that
play the bill for next week.
Marie Wainwrlght and her company are
pleasing good-sized audiences at the Baldwin
Theater with the production of Lancaster and
Maznus' "Daughters of Eve." The clever lead
ing lady has satisfactory support, which helps
to make the drama a success.
Next Monday Marie Waimvright will be seen
in Sheridan Knowles' old play, "The Love
Chase." "Camille" will be put on at the end
01 the week.
It ia some time since Morosco produced a
play better suited to the scenic capabilities of
the Grand and to the company playing there
than "The Fugitive." There are strong situa
tions in the exciting; drama. Miss Maud Edna
Hail, and Coulter Bnnker being especially suc
cessful in rising to them.
The sparkling comicalities of "My Precious
Baby" are affording plenty of amusement for.
the audience at trover's Alcazar this week.
Leonard Orover Jr. Jius made quite a hit as the
"Baby," and the rest of the company are quite
at home iv their various roles.
The Orpheum has several strong acts this
w«ek, particularly that of Newell and Shevetle
on the horizontal bars. The Manhattan Com
edy Four Quartet also does some pleasing
work, and Clifford and Hutu, in their dialect
duets, are thoroughly entertaining.
The spectacular burlesque "Ixion," with its
new specialties, is still proving a popular at
traction at the Tivoli.
Supplies for the Valley Road.
Supplies for the Valley road ore simply pour
ing into this port. Yesterday the Kenihvorth
arrived with 1 100 odd tons of rails, spikes, fish
plates and bolts; the John McDonald with 800
tons of the same material is partially dis
charged; the Iroquois, which had aboard 800
tons for the Valley road, is fully discharged,
and the Roanoke, with 2000 toils; the M. P.
Grace, with 700 tons, and the Edward O'Brien,
with 1000 tons,, are due to arrive any day.
This material is coming from the Lackawanu'a
mills oi Scranton, Pa., and the Bethlehem mills
of Bethlehem, Pa.
Bill and letter heads, statements, envelopes
and typewriting papers. All our neighbors
wishing stationery supplies for; the new year
can save time and money by placing their or
ders with us right here ou Market street. San
boru, Vail & Co. •
SCORED THE GRAND JURY
School Directors' Take Exception
to Its Recently Rendered
Report.
MR. BABCOCE'S STRONG TALK.
An Investigation Is Urgently De
manded at the Hands of the
Present Jury.
"The last Grand Jury, or at least certain
members oi it, were bunkoed by P. A.
Hyde into making the report it did on the
School Department," said Superintendent
Babcock at last night's meeting of the
Board of Education, after the reading of
the report.
Mr. Babcoek was thoroughly in earnest
as he spoke and betrayed far more feeling
than he generally does when talking
before the board.
"Where, in any of the laws defining the
powers of the Grand Jury," he continued,
"will you find anything giving it the
power to interfere with the business of the
Board of Education ? It never would have
interfered, either, had it not been misled
by the statements of a man who has gone
out of his way to besmirch the present
board."
Then Director Clinton took up the cud
gels and said that lie desired to call atten
tion to some glaring errors in the report.
"Some of the statements are absolutely
false," he said, "and we should not rest
under the imputation of bavins committed
acts which we have not. The report, in
speaking of the Normal School, states that
we nave been spending $.5000 on the Nor
mal School, when, as a matter of fact,
during the past year it cost but $2<>Bo to
run the institution."
He closed by moving that the report be
•'Hyde bound" and referred to the Suuer
intendent, a course that was adopted.
The board seemed determined not to let
the matter rest, however, for presently
Director Carew introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Whereas, The late Grand Jury has charged
the Board of Education with gro'sa and willful
extravagance, namely, squandering public
funds; and whereas, said charges have been
made without having accorded a full and fair
hearing to the Hoard of Education ; and where
as, said Board of Education and the oJ tizens and
taxpayers of this City "ud County are entitled
to a full and fair hearing of the above charges;
now therefore be it
Resolved, That the Board of Education of
this City and County demimd at the hands of
the present Grand Jury a full and fair hearing
of the above charges, and \ve respectfully in
vite the Grand Jury to meet in conference v.ith
the Board of Education, at their convenience,
so that the said charges may be thoroughly
investigated, and that a copy'of these resolu
tions be' transmitted to the secretary of the
Grand Jury now in session.
Again Superintendent Babcock got in a
word, saying that lie knew that the chair
man of the Grand Jury Committee on
School Department had been wined and
dined by one who seemed anxious to in
jure the present board.
Wen the reports of committees were
called for, Chairman Hawley of the Com
mittee on Supplies read a report in which
he severely criticized the Grand Jury re
port, and cited instances where the state
ments made were erroneous.
Mrs. H. A. St. John, Mrs. M. H. Cur
rier and Miss L. C. Ryder upon their own
request, approved by the Judiciary Com
mittee, were authorized to retire from their
positions as teachers and to avail them
selves of the provisions of the Teachers'
Annuity and Retirement Fund.
The Committee on llules made the fol
lowing recommendations regarding the
school terms for 1896, which were adopted:
That the first term shall begin on the first
Monday in January — the tith inst.— and
end on Friday, June 5. The second term
shall begin on Monday, July 20. and end
on Friday, December 18. There shall be a
vacution during the third week in March,
from the l(3th to the 20th, and during the
second week in October, from the sth to
the 9th.
The Committee on Classification ren
dered a report recommending that Director
Henderson's plan' for the reorganization of
the Normal School be not carried out dur
ing the present term, but on the motion of
the author of the measure the matter was
referred to a committee of the whole for
further consideration.
A resolution offered by Director Carew,
providing that when it shall become neces
sary for a principal to suspend a pupil for
any reason said pupil shall not be re
instated without the consent of the prin
cipal, together with that of the Superin
tendent, was adopted.
The recommendation of the Committee
on Classification that Mrs. Margaret B.
Cooper be appointed a substitute teacher
of cooking to till any vacancies that may
occur by absence of regular teachers, and
to receive compensation only when
actually employed, was adopted.
President Dodge reported that the com
mittees for the ensuing year would be as
follows:
Finance — Ilawley, Murdock, Barrett.
Classification— Murdock. Clinton, McElroy,
Ilawley, Carew, Barrett-.
liules— Kuox, Comte, Henderson.
Buildings and Grounds— Henderson, Mc-
Elroy, Ambrose.
Salaries — Carew, Knox, Henderson.
Supplies— Scott, Mnrdock, Clinton.
Judiciary— Comte, Knox, Carew.
Printing— Barrett, Hawley, Comte.
Janitors— McElrcy, Ilawley, Ambrose.
Visiting— Ambrose, BarreU, Scott.
LA RUE STILL FIGHTING.
Another Prickly Affidavit
Filed Before Judge Mo
Kenna.
Railroad Commissioners Wish to Intro
duce the Congressional Com
mittee's Report.
One short affidavit made by Railroad
Commissioner H. M. La Rue was intro
duced yesterday before Judge McKenna in
the injunction suit of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company against the Railroad
Commissioners. It is but a minor docu
ment among five scores of larger ones with
which the defendants intend bombarding
the enemy. Still, it was objected to as
irrelevant, immaterial and not made up of
necessary facts to entitle it to considera
tion.
It took the entire day, barring a short
time while a few witnesses were heard, for
ex- Judge Hayne to lay a foundation before
the court on which he may this morning
build up authorities to satisfy his Honor
that not only this but ail the other affi
davits presented the day previous should
be entertained.
Judge McKenna appears to be in terror
of having to listen to the reading of the
voluminous documents, and before be de
cides on the question of their admissibility
he insists that the material points why
they should be read to him be fully ex
plained.
Should Mr. Hayne gain his point it will
entail the admission as evidence of the
twenty-six volumes ol the reuort of the
Committee on Pacific and Other Aided
Roads. This will place on record the
sworn testimony of the late Senator Stan
ford, Charles Crocker, A. N. Towne and
Messrs. Stubbs, Miller. Gage, C. P. Hunt
ington, JL D. Boruck, I). O. Mills, A. A.
Cohen and many others. It will likewise
furnish evidence that the bonded indebted
ness of the railroad company has been
creatly inflated, and that past and defunct
boards of Kailroad Commissions have been
working as against the interests of the
public.
Mr. Hayne managed to be permitted to
introduce a number of witnesses to estab
lish the admissibility of the public docu
ment by proving the depositions made
before the Congressional committee by
those people who made them and who are
still aiive.
Attorney Bergin, J. C. Stubbs and F. S.
Doutv each told his tale of being examined
by tiie Congressional committee, and that
the report ulod with Congress was correct.
The evidence was admitted, notwith
standing Attorney Herring objection that
the facts which were shown in 138, w«re
not pertinent to the suit dealing with the
fact 3 now existing.
The gist of the affidavit at present under
fire reads as follows: .
Affiant deposes and says, unon his luforma
tionand belief, in tne yearl3B7-83acomrnitu-e,
under an act of Congress, consisting of Messrs.
Pattison, Anderson and Littler, to investigate
the atl'airs of the railroads known as the I acme
THihoads, duly organized and held session-* 111
the City and County ol i^an Francisco pursuant
to said net of Contrress, at various oflices of said
Central Pacific Kailroad and the Southern
Pacific Company, including the president and
members of the board of directors of said com
pany and the heads of departments of the sain
companies. The complainant herein appeared
before said commission and testilied under oath,
and that their testimony was reduced to writ
ing and signed by them respectively , and by the
President of the United States transmitted to
Washington, and are now among the archives
of Congress and of the Government of the
United States; tbat said testimony was printed
under the authority ot the Government of the
United States, and that the books herewith
presented to the court in this cause, to wit:
Volumes 2 to 8 of Senate executive documents,
first session, Fiftieth Congress, 1887-88, con
tained true copies of the testimony and deposi
tions so deposited in the archives of the Gov
ernment at Washington; that at the sessions
of said commission the complainant herein
was represented by counsel, and that the tes
timony aforesaid was voluntarily given by the
saia officers of said companies in their official
capacity and was on behalf of the com
plainant herein; that the testimony of
C. P. Huntington, who was then vice-president
of the complainant, was given before said
commission in the same manner as nbove
stated at the session of said commission made
at Washington, and was reduced to writing,
signed, disposed of and printed, as above set
set forth; and afliaut iurther says, upon infor
mation and belief, that said testimony so
given by said officers of the complainant, so
given in their official capacity and on behalf
of said complainant, and in the transaction of
its business, showed that in the construe tion
of the Central Pacific Kailroad great frauds
occurred, and that said construction was
wasteful and extravagant, and that the said
road could be built now for 70 per cent less
than it then cost, and that large sums of
money were improperly expended by
the officers of said company and
was not accounted for; all of which
goes to increase the bonded indebtedness
which is sought to be made a basis of the ac
tion of the court in this cause; and that
said testimony also explained the relations of
said various companies to each other, and the
relations of the various officers to said com
panies and to each other, and showed the al
leged leases, mentioned in the bill of complaint
herein, were mere pretended leases, and were
not designed or intended to have any force or
effect, and also tends to show improper in
fluences used by the officers ot said com
pany upon previous boards of the Rail
way Commissioners of California; and
affiant further says, that to the best of his
knowledge, information and Delief, the said
testimony going to show said and other facts
important to be heard on behalf of the defend
ants in this cause, are true and correct, and
that affiant has no other means of presenting
the same to this court, except through said
testimony presented ns aforesaid; that Leland
Stanford, then president of said company, and
Charles Crocker, one of the directors of said
company, and A. X. Towne, one of the heads
of departments of said complainant, who testi
lied on behaif of said company, as aforesaid
are now dead, and that C. P. Huntington, then
vice-president of said complainant, is now out
of tne jurisdiction of this court.
And affier.t further says that the said Com
missioners made a majority and minority report
in writing of their proceedings under tlie act
of Congress, and transmitted the snid reports,
together with the said testimony, to the Presi
dent o! the United States, and that the Presi
dent of the United States transmitted the said
report, testimony and depositions to the Con
gress of the United States, accompanied with-M
message from himself, as President, to said
Congress concerning these reports and pro
ceeaings, and the copies of all the same are
printed and contained in the volume aforesaid
herewith presented to the court.
H. 11 La Rue.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Bth
day of January, 1896.
James L. King,
J»otary Public in and for the City and Co'untv
of San Francisco.
The case will be resumed this morning,
but on account of the number of attorneys
interested in the proceedings having to at
tend the funeral ceremonies of the late J.
V. Coleman in Oakland, court will adjourn
at the noon hour.
Only Bills Were Audited.
At. the regular meeting of the Railroad
Commission yesterday afternoon the only
business transacted was the auditing of
bills for current expenses.
BOXERS AND WRESTLERS.
Olympic Club Kntertainmp nt — Sharkey
Wants to Fight in Texas.
The special boxing matches which were
arranged a few weeks ago by the athletic
committee of the Olympic Club will be
held this evening and it is expected that
the younc men who will miss and hit in
tbeir endeavors to win handsome prizes
will give good account of themselves. Fol
lowing the fisticuffs a few wrestling bouts
between clever amateurs will wind up the
evening's sport.
Tom Sharkey, the pugilist, is getting
himself in good condition by taking plenty
of road exercise. He telegraphed Dan
Stewart at Dallas, Tex., yesterday that
in case the fistic carnival managers were
short of talent he (Sharkey) would fight
either Billy Woods or Ed Smith of Den
ver, or George Godfrey of Boston, provided
that he be given a few weeks' notice to
train for the contest.
The mill between Mtzsimmons and
Maher is booked to take piace at El Paso
about the middle of February.
CHARGED WITH BIGAMY.
While Separated From His Wife, Fred-
crick C. Hensley Entered Into
a Contract Marriage.
Frederick C. Hensiey, a bookkeeper liv
ing at 107 Taylor street, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging him with
bigamy.
The complaining witness is Margaret
Hensiey, 2513 McAllister street, wife of the
defendant.
Aniline blue dye was discovered and
used in cotton-making in IK6I.
K£W TO-DAY.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
yjj£^» Weakness of Body and
#/C*^V Mind', Effects of Errors
Y^-rxKa or Excesses in Old or
49Ni-ir~£T& OUUK - Robust, Noble
f* f£J& X ' Manhood fully Restored.
a& 3Lry • How to Enlarge and
/%& ftl^«.»^y strengthen Weak, Un-
A«?n&\BVJ^l* cv Portions of
f^JM^^KY ?° d - Absolutely nn-
MfMl fa l] Home Treatment.
' ffy/JusTjAMua —Benefits in a day.
Men testily -from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
"WHERE DIRT GATHERS WASTE RULES."
GREAT SAVING RESULTS FROM
THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
title men of Fr s? TfSfwl invlKoratea
IS'irops end Hr ■§'"s'"sssft findton^stha
Prematureness MWIPIm and de re e storcs
enargo in 20 |!^tsv^'s'«i&'C^a Piins in tho
HANHGOD ff^^W^^L nislitstopF^d
i ' #
j quickly. Over 2,000 private endorsement"!.
j The new discovery was made by the special-
I ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
i tute. It is the strongest vitalizer made. It is
j very powerful, but harmless.
Learn the grand truth of health, make your-
I self a man. again by using the Californian
' remedy. You can only get it from the Hudson
j Medical Institute. Write for free circulars.
Send for testimonials and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
I 5 Stockton St.. Nan Francisco, C'al.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
I to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored .-pots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
lilVEK— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
disconcerted. You will notice meny symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
end this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives — use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make this
test. The book; "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free. __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
fc BS FA/ l Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY.
TAKE THIS ADVICE AND YOU WILL IN-
J. deed be safe! Have you been foolish and
nursed a private disease, hoping that nature
would cure it, instead of seeking good treat,
ment? Have you committed follies that you
are ashamed to own to, and which are draining
your vital forces hourly? If so why not goto
the one person on earth that
YOU KNOW
Will give you help? Your secret is safe in his
keeping, your health will certainly be restored,
and you can go back to your work with a good
heart and a clear conscience. Every private
disease of both sexes is promptly and satisfac-
torily cured, for Dr. Sweany lias spent a life-
time in the study of these peculiar ailment*
Lost manhood unfailingly restored. Treat-
ment by mail is always successful. Write it
you can't call.
Office hours— a. m. to 12 M. ; 2 to 5 and 7to
Bp. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 M. only.
F. L. SAVE ANY, m.d.,
737 Market Street, S. F.
RIGGS HOUSE,
W^asliiiistoßL, 33. O.
™.v V 1 *, Hotel •* Par Excellence"
Of the >,atloa»l Capital, .First class in all appolns-
meiiu ' U. DsWiTT. ire**. '
American plan, $3 per day add
upward. .
Pll ITC^ ITCHING PILES
ILE,^I SWAYNE ' S
ABSOLUTELY CURBS. OlllTlflENT
SJMPTOMS-Motßtmt Interne Itching Mid
■tlnslnst moat at night; worse by «<r •atoUlnjc. If
aliuwe.l t« continue tumors form and protrudr,
" which often Urea ana ulcerate, bccomlaz very
•ore SWATSE'B OINTMENT ;to£th«ltchfnc
and bleeding, hcnU ulveration, and in moittuci
remove* the tuiiil.T*. -O.BX jour t>n.ggi»i Turn. . :••:
&ft^&s&tg& .DON PAY
jtW&^!Z^i£fc&& Wor ? 40 for an Klectric
E?sii^-' < T^<s**V\£ift 1! " !t when we will sell you
B*|H 'v 'j^'Tr^S^Jß , far bet'.er one at from
@r^Sai^ik'ri^- -^f&J *•*> to S-'O. Buy no belt
KP^iW!?;'' 11 ' 11 Y° u examine Dr..
A^^Ki«3i^=slrf?s' pjkroK'S. Has current
n-fjjjs ~Vxyv^'V^l regulator and all latest iiu-
. • -•^'t3>~- l{ •■" provementa, Pamphlet
<ttjifV *r«*e. (all or address DR.
"vC. W PISBCE & BON, 70
Sacramento street. San Francisco- Cal.
|R^*rEn?23smnDß-HALL'S REIHVISBRATOR stops '
WS\ "!S BanSl-i'. 1 - LOSSES in v Hours. CURES
*^\"*l .^T^i LOST MANHOOD. Nervous Debility,
B>SflfSa"*SsEßl" r n '- : " ;r -' KSSt . issions -. Impel.
«S¥^ fc^S^-- ency, Varicocele. Gleet, Tits. Xii-
RW™'" ""Wlneys an "ail other Wasting Effects
■HL^ WW of Errors of Youth or l-:\ccsse».
iWH&i SENT SEALED.
a3J3 Oof 3 Bottles FIVE Dollars.
■NESBaI * fl °* a Guaranteed to CURE any case.
iVww K-fSSftfj All Private Diseases quickly
RUTF>w>waJpßfiEplS O ; ,1. Book lor men mailed free.
i i liSJSlKiki/r"'''*' Medical Institute
iaL^"^T^'or: BRGAOWAY. BAKUNO. CAL.HAD ONLY TO GALLOP.
Crescendo Took the Palo Alto
Stake From an Ordinary
Field.
WAS AN ODDS ON FAVOEITE.
Starting Favowte, Logan the Traveler
Finished Behind Imported Miss
Brummel.
The Palo Alto stake was the feature of
the programme the closing day at the Bay
District track. The original conditions of
;.ke, which was worth $1500 to the
winner, were framed for two-year-olds,
but exigencies arose preventing the event
L>eing run curing the year iust passed, so
the starters in yesterday's race, although
in reality three-year-olds, were weighted
by the handicapper according to the two
year old scale of weights for the month of
December. There were eight starters
car led to face the flag, the distance beinc
over the sheet six-furlong course. Naglee
Burkes crack colt Crescendo, carrying
■ eight 121 pounds, was an odd's on
te; the big chestnut going to the
to 10, which, considering the lot op
posed to him, seemed a very liberal price.
Good long odds were laid against the
others; Miss Maxim, Kamsin, Argentine
and Joe X being fancied in the order
named.
Good judges said it was simply a matter
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
'Twelfth Day of the Winter .Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
1 Fast. Bay District Track, >.m Francisco, Wednesday. January 8, 1890.
r./w« FIBST RACK— Five turlongs: selling; three-year-olds; conditions; purse if 3oo.
ludei.
Horse, weight.
m
U
i
hi
.
str.
Jockeyi
Op.
(466) La Mnsoota 104 5 5h
,l«4 il'earson 107! 2 2b
W)0 'Myrtle II 100 4 lh
499 Jack Atkins 10:! 3 3 h
48311E1 Prim. 105 8 83
455 (iovernor Bud(1...110 ] 4h
479 Trappean 3115 9 , 9 4
484 jiran Marcus 102 6 6 3
364 I Don Pedro. ... .105 7 7h
471 Colleen I UK) 10 i 10
492 'Elsie 100, left j
4h
21%
3h
7 5
5h
8h
6 2
95
10
3 4
1 h
2h
4 3
51
6 1
8 4
7 3
9 4
10
1 2 H. Martin 7-2
2 i" J. (horn 3
3 6 R. Jsorn 10
4 4 W. Flynn. 6
6h Garner j 4
6 6 Pisgott. 3
7 2 Bozeman 30
8 6 K. Jones 30
I 920 Macklin 30
j 10 180 wan 60
! T.WalKer 30
4
5-2
15
6
7-2
7
60
40
50
200
75
I
<iood starr. Won easily- dinner, T. G. Follansbee's b. f., by Imp. San Simeou-Miria F. Time.
1 :01 .
,'n" SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; coniitions; allowances-
tJU 4 . purse S4UO.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. St. i 4 V 3 34
4KI Bueno, 5 10* 3 2 h 3 1 22
501 *Haiiford,"4 110 1 1 a 11 11
1467 A. l.mi. 4 ......107 3 41 6h 31
503 bliss Ru:h, ; 103 7 7i" 10 10 6b
307 Tononi. i ..... 109 5 6Vk 7 1 8
478 Monterey, 4 . 108 6 sh" 4h 7
48(3 Raindrop, a 106; 8 i> 5 Bli 9
4S6ilkel., 4 IOSi 4 8h 2 1.. 4li
4t»l Gussie, 5 106 9 81 5 1 5 1
498 (Two Cheers, R.:..l 15 10 10 4 9io 10
40S JKcgan. 4 109 11 11 11 ■.... 11
Fin.
Jockpvs.
KettlDß.
1 '!'• <-'!•
2 2 13 Garner 7-5
11 *2i 2 Ballard 8
3 1 3 2 J. thorn 3-2
4 1/2 4 6 E.Jones 10
7 1 5 3 I Shaw 30
9 2 6h . Pigeon 15
6 h '■ 7V 2 C. Sloan 10
6 y 2 8 5 Bozeman j 30
8 1 - OU Mack in 15
10 20 10 50 K. Isoxa 10
11 111 J. Walker 50
11-10
12
80
100
40
25
73
20
;il
100
r. El Primero stable'B blk. h., by Hidalgo-Bertie W. Time, 1:28.
• -'7i 1 money, b it beta si and.
"(Is ICE— About six furlongs; the Palo Alto stakes; two-year-olds of 1895; handicap;
luJt?.T.
• eight.
su
Vi
V 4
3 ,;
-T.
Fin. i
Jockeys.
Betting.
:op. cr
!
4S.V Cr?scendo 121 6 51 31,, 2 1
(488) I Mt/ McGregor II.: 95 2 lh 12 12
475 ArffPiiUDa 110 4 62 ; 5 2 5 2
474 ; i crris Bartman . 95 1 3 1 41 4 1/,
494 JocK 90! 6 ..... 73 74 l"
(454) Miss Maxim 108 3 2 2 2 b 3h
494 Grady.. 110 ' 41, 63 % tin
<4S9),Kamsln. 107 8 .. 8 " 8 ' 8
1 1 T. Sloan 4-5
2 3 Donnelly 15
3 2 .l.t horn 8
4 6 C. Slaughter .. 10
5 2 E. Jones 50
6 2 Garner I 7
7 V Ballard 26
8 ' w. ; lynn 4
7-10
20
12
15
15
5
50
10
. s:art.
:
Won •
w ;nnpr, Pneblo stable's eh. c, by Flambeau-imp. Janet, N.
Time,
'I Kill RACE— Steeplechase; about a mile and a half; handicap; purse $400.
Hone, age, weight. St. 2d ] 4:hj 6thj Flat.' Str. ■ Fin. i Jockeys.
(iold Dust, 6 122 1 12 14 14 13 12 16 Cainw.. ............
Col\Ve:Kbtmafi,4.l34 « 5 3 5 1 .. 3 3 2h , 2 4 2 3 Mara
(39« 127 3 64 Sh 2 h ;U S3 320 HeunoVsv'. '.'.'. .'.'."..
4....12i> 4 3 1 4i 4(j 410 420 4 2 Wilkins.
uteßa 120 7 s 7 tj ti rt 52 \\ Km-
427 ,4 126 5 4h 63 510 5 10: 6 6 Finn
a. a 123 8 74 8 7 7 7 7 Kenny
81 Boyd.
ndf-s.
Rf-tt
tine
C!.
8
8-5
I 9-5
6
10
6
6
6
20
8-5
10
3! 1
12
15
8
: star:. Won easily. Winner, J. Field's b. g., by Oro-Gold Cup. Time, 3:20»i.
threw bis rid< t
'SI 0 «. ;:TH I:ACi; ~ One and asiiteentb miles; all ages; condition: penalties; allowances; purse
Index. ! liorse, age, weight. ' St. j Std. 14 j V* *A Str. | Fin. ! Jockeys. o Betting:.
475 rip.. Miss Brummel, 388 4.21 211.. 1 i.- 2 11% 12 I Garner. 1 6-3 9^5
(49?) 'Logan, a 112 1 j 3 1/2 81 33 2% 22 21%JBallard 6-5 11-10
469 * red Gardner, 5 104 6 11. 1 2% 2% 33* 3V 2 3 2 *T. 510 an..... 10 15
4Ko 1..1 .Norte, 5 ....112 6 52 53 53 4li 5 24 1 Pig ott 13 30
(465) Claudius, 5 112 3 6 6 I 6 6 6 5 1 Doggett 5-2 9-"
4fc9 jUiicle Ciilea, 108 2|4 V, 4%i4h 5 1 4 i' 2 6 M.acklln.f!~|so 100
Good start. Won handily. Winner, W. O'B.Macdonough's eh. f.. by Beau Brummel-imp. Mirage
.1 T! vlli HACE— About six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; penalties; purse.
Index. Horse, age, iveicht. si.
U
I *A I Btr.
8 2 5 i 'a
3% 4 2
lh 11
•2 - 2 2
5 i/j, 3 3
6h 8 3
72 7h
10 9
4% 6h
9n 10
Fin.
I Bettine.
Op. Cl.
40: i Hymn.s 11l 9 81
linun Anro, 6...114 1 1 h
A. Knima D, 6 107 7 ' 4y*
41*9 DonGan.3. .. .98 3 2 1
344 EmpressN~orfllc,s.lo7 S ... sh
4T_» Last Chance, 6... 11] 6 ... tin
405 Model. 1 10H * 34
•;•> Peru.S 102 10 10
499 Key .\:ta. 4 ion 4 :s 1
:ngrr. 5 107, 2 7 l/ 2
1 h L. Lloyd 6
Vina J. Choin 10
3 h : T.Sloan 6-5
4 h K.Jones 8
5 Garner 6
6 1/2 Doeuett 6
7 3 Bailard 6
8 6 11. Martin 30
9 PiKSOtt 10
10 T. Walker 15
10
H
1
15
10
10
7
20
20
15
(iood s::ir .
Won driving. Winner, L. Lloyd's b. ?., by Himyar-rna B. Time. 1:13.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track.
In rarrs when the horses have uo record at the distance to be rim the records ai the next nearest
oißtanrp are given.
Abbreviation— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST BACK— Sx furlongs: maiden; three-year-olds.
Index. !
Lbs record.
! Dist.
Lbs Tk. |
. 601 Big Chief
Mr Bee]
•669 Ked Pike
432 Pique
4KB Clara "Wilson.
488 Afflatus
4fc'B El Carmen
4«8 llaear
'-'87 Catherine I
Wyoming
402 li run-ss
392 Cloverdale
109 no rec ;
112 no rec. ...
100 no rec
107 | no roc
107 no rec
107 1 no rec
107 no rec
107 do rec
107 no rec
1 12, rio rec
107 no rec .
109 no rec
....
....
....
....
....
....
\V. OB. -■irionough Apache-Flora
IJ. E. Kittscn.. Strathmore-Madam RePl
.. . B. Schreiber jfvpor«e Keuuey-Entreaty
... A. B. Spreckels 'Klambeau-imp. PctroleJse
.... | Wilson »t (iillls i Imp. .-ir Modred-Bedotte
.. 'V. D. Randall Imp. Inverness-Aftinitr
... Santa a Ita stabie. E;npr. Nnrfoik-La t'lenga
sycamoreslaUf \pa>-he-Nari-ola
— Kirn wood, stock inn Imp llriims-Honuie Jean
— J. o. Urown <k Co..|Pardee-Caprice
r. C Hnmjphrey.... i^<l i orriean-Charlotte
— |E. Corrlgan |Brambie-Clover
1....
....
1....
* Old index.
SF.( OND RACE— Seven furlongs: seeing; three-year-olds.
Index.:
Name.
Itest I
Lbs rtrord.i Dlst. Lbs Tk.
I'aros His l:04i /4 Kf 103 M. H. M. Klnney Keone-Grav
Site? lioiiiis* "^ f ISf-b-o/^o^SoK^ShSKSyaKi
SS |g& E:: jW jy gn: |-&JS2^ i gSSTtiSisli--i
".I'm i ■?! ,p S, JiJ /2 ki2 f in?!?-" P- A - Jlonlß BniinWe-Betta
l',f m HMiifu *«^ 2? \l-- ? an:a A ulta stable Kmpr. .Norfolk-Viente
■';;'' a^' D (10 [8» 1:171 -' «V q3v- j^. b .H,ky r .:::: Flarobeau-Kvanxellne
-'"i jldali 10.< l , |.... B. bebreiber.. Ben Ali-llidaißa
IUIKD KAtE- One mile: selling.
!
■
Nam e.
Lbs record.
; Dist.
I.bs
17 I 'KdKearny 1111:41 1 m
4H7 lAHßaba 11l 1 :-'7 '4 7 f
421 Tenacity 99|1:46% 1 m
:'i; (Wheel Fortune. (lo9, 1:41 Via 1 m
510 il^)j?an 11911:401/5; 1 m
(451)! Roma. 109 1:45 1 m
?in $"' ,Vi h, Sinlth Tom Ochiltree-Medusa
00 K. 5 e l Monte stable... Joe iJanlcls-Test
el "•• >- torriean jLon frllow-Modesty
119 ... A. Shields Votll'joPr-Pert
95 ; H.. ! Klin wood stock frm Imp. Brutiis-JJeauty
• H r.ACE- One aud a quarter miles;
hurdle; haiid.o.p.
Jn'li'i.
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist.
(491) Tom Clark 187 'J:'25V2 IV* in
fiO9 The Lark 137 2:46% IVim
43« Cicero 1301... i
491 iTemplemore.... 13012:22 I*4 m
438 i Bedford 125! I
ICapt. spencer.. '■ 1251
491 Burma]) 125 ; no rec
427 Esperaooa 125 2:49 l^m
1362 Kelampaso \ 12513:32 iVa m
I I • Best
Lbs j record .
Lbs Tk.
I
j
Pedigree.
hi 3-: ■$'£*%*! Julien-Hazel Kirk
I 135 F: « T.C fH On Wildidle-by Monday
140 f t"p" illld . reth JLoncfelloiv Belle Knieht
14.0 F.. J. Lr-nocn Tom Ocblltree-Sadie E
1 -■ torrigan Morris
.... .... W.O'B.M'donougb Bersan-Falr'L'adV * "
5* *■ 'T. A. ToMa j Alia- Mother Hubbard
II - U.. J. I-ields Three Cheers -Narcola
FXFI H KAf X— One and a sixteenth miles; selline.
J
Best
I.l»s record. Dlst. :Lhs Tk.
Pedigree.
445 Collins 92 1:33% 7f 9SH.. H. E. Rowell Inspector B-Piazza
400 Pepper 109 1:50 1 V B ni 107 H.. P. JJunne ' Hlndoo-Franeeaca
•Ml J>onville 95 1:42% 1 1 TO 107 I". . Arcribld<fc Lottrdge L<otiatus-Vlllei!e
425 Foremost 94 1:491/4 ! 1 1-lGtn 82 Fa. A. B. Spfeekela . Flood-imp. Queen Bess
485 G. B. Morris 103 : ■ I*. Dunne Longfellow-Queen Beluea
(408) Minnie Cw : !i:i 1:50V4 1 m 103 H.. ;D. A. Honig . i Pletilpo-Jacon.t
603 Little Cripple.;;.. 10a l:4. r > lm7oy 109 V... ! J.Weber. ! imp I'iratelVnz-Ly-Jtanhn
f.04 'lUDsomf. I 94 1:41% 1 vi 98 F... C. F. Sanders I AlcgerlnerXellie Kansome
487 Remus 100 1:44% lm7oy . 99 X... Klinvrood stckfarm Imp. Brutus-Leda
462 I Belle of Stonewall I 88; I I ! |W. B. Sink. | -Spendthrift-Miss Nailer
of how far Crescendo would win by, and
such proved the case. Mr. Ferguson met
with better success than with bis fields in
the stakes previously run, dispatching
them in fine order. Mount McGregor II
went to the front with a fine showing of
speed, turning into the stretch with a
commanding lead of two lengths. The
favorite, who had been gradually moving
up from fifth position, was at this juncture
third. He indulged the Burns & Water
house youngster with the lead until well
on toward the wire, when he romped past
him and won easily by a length in the fast
time of 1:11 J^. Argentina, the Santa
Anita stable entry, finished in third place.
The attendance was only fair, and in the
ring the betting was to all appearances
the lightest of the week. Favorites cap
tured but two of the six events.
The opening race for three-year-olds at
| five furlongs was taken in a common can
ter by La Mascota, starting at 4 to 1 in the
betting. The 2U to 1 favorite, Pearson,
finished in the place, with Myrtle H third.
The El Primero stable's black horse
Bueno was backed down from 7 to sto
evens, and took the next event on the
! card, a seven-furlong run, in the easiest
possible fashion, after waiting on the out
sider Hanford until the stretch was
reached. The second choice, Adam, was
a good third.
The big dump of the day occurred in the
! steeplechase. Mestor went into the start
er's hands a 6 to 5 favorite, with Colonel
Weightman almost as heavily a backed sec
j ond choice. The Lark was well played at
' remunerative odds, hut met disaster at the
fourth jump. When the field was sent
1 away Cairns, on the 30 to 1 shot Gold
: Dust, was over the first jump in front, and
■ leading the entire route won handily, four
length's before Colonel Weightman. Mes
tor ran an unaccountably bad race, finish
'■ ing a tired third.
The mile and a sixteenth purse race saw
: old Lopan, the 11 to 10 choice, go down in
defeat before the prowess of Mr. Macdon
outrh's English-bred filly. Miss Brummel.
The latter was a heavily played second
choice, the 2)4 to 1 posted against her be
; ing quickly cut to 2. The filly passed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
Fred Gardner, who was out in front, be
fore half the distance had been covered,
and although Logan was hard ridden
through ths stretch the three-year-old
beat him out a length and a half, in the
fast time of 1:47 W.
The roan mar" Emma D was again made
a hot favorite in the last race of the day, a
short six-furlong sprint. Although such
good sprinters as Don Gara, Hymn, Model
and Empress of Norfolk were starters, they
were overlooked in the rush to back the
roan sprinter. The race apparently sim
mered down to a drive in the stretch be
tween Hiram Argo, Emma D and Don
Gara, who were heads apart forty yards
from the wire, when Lloyd brought Hymn
up on the outside and won handily by a
neck. Hiram Argo was placed second,
with the favorite in third place. The win
ner had 12 to 1 against him at post time.
Track and Paddock Items.
Bookmaker Leo Mayer backed El Pri
mero in the opening race.
Hughes & Co. chalked 4 to 5 against
Crescendo and got a $1000 bet from Ed
Purser.
The horses of D. J. Lynch that were sold
at auction by Killip & Co. yesterday
brought only fair prices. J. C. Humphrey
paid fltO for Contribution. Three Fork's
was knocked down to G. Farrar for $500
and Volt to W. Short for $160. Ollie John
son bid $350 for Red Will and secured him.
Frank Carr, a young man with aspirations
toward the turf, got Riot lor $275- The
others brought lesser prices.
Hanford, who finished second, the sec
ond event of the day, was posted as being
five pounds over weieht. When Baliarrt,
who rode him, weighed in at the conclu
sion of the race he "was found to be eight
pounds over his carded weight of 105
pounds. According to the rule all bets
were paid on the horse as finished, but he
was disqualified, receiving no part of the
purse. Baliard. who unthinkingly had
donne.l a heavy undershirt, which ac
counted for the' increase in weight, was
lined $25 by the judges.
Hymn was attached about half an hour
before the last race in which lie started
was called. T. H. Williams Jr. released
the attachment and the horse went out
and won at ortds of 12 to 1. His owner,
Jockey L. Lloyd, was one of the happiest
men on the track after the race.
RACING AT INGLESIDE
Reopening To-Day of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club's New
Course.
The Fair Sex Will Be Admitted With
out Charge, It Being Popular
Ladies' Day.
The picturesque new course of the Pa
cific Coast Jockay Club at Ingleside will
be thrown open to the public again to-day,
alter a cessation of two weeks' racing, and
racegoers will once more see some high
class fields face the flag.
The occasion will also be ladies' day.
and fair lovers of the "sport of kinds'' be
admitted to the course free of any ad
mission charge.
The programme is an excellent one.
I Not the least attractive feature of the card
is the event for the ' 'leppers," a mile and
a quarter handicap hurdle race, with tne
best jumpers on the track sporting silk.
; During the temporary lull in racing at
the new track many improvements have
been made about the grounds. The exits
to the main entrance have been widened,
to obviate any unnecessary crushing or
jostling in the hurry to pass through the
turnstiles. Additional fencing has beau
tied the outlying ground. A costly gns
plant will furnish the illumination for the
betting ring, restaurant, bar, offices and I
storerooms.
The inner track is also about completed,
Superintendent Allen having expressed
the opinion that by Saturday of the
present week it will be ready to race over.
Professor Huber's band of soloists will
furnish the music, which is a most attrac
tive feature of racing.
Secretary Leake states there will be no
further trouble over the transportation
facilities, the electric railway company
having added two new engines to the
power-house.
Starter James F. Caldwell has entirely
recovered from his late indisposition and
will endeavor to uphold his reputation as
the "Prince of American starters."
FOR A GOOD PAVEMENT.
Residents of Folsom Street to
Ask for Their Appro
priation.
The Street Committee at Last to Con
sider the Advisability of
Using Bitumen.
Residents along Folsom street are wait
ing the result of to-day's session of the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors with great anxiety. For months
they have been hold ins mass-meetings
and passing resolutions to convince the
Board of Supervisors that the street should
be repaved with bitumen from end to end.
In this they have partially succeeded.
The members of the board have said they
thought it was advisable to have the street
bituminized. But they have added that
they could not afford the expense. It is to
convince them that the expenditure is not
only necessary but is really due that a
committee of seven goes before the Street
Committee at 10 o'clock to-day.
This committee consists of James D.
Phelan, Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, Harvey Som
era, Georse A. Raabe, Henry D. Russ, A.
B. McGuire, S. Samuels, T. Schwartz and
G. L. Center, who will be accompanied by
their attorney, George D. Shadburne,
who will make the chief plea. The other
gentlemen will add their voices in strength
en insr the arguments.
"Nothing has been done for Folsom
street since it was accepted thirty years
ago," said G. L. Center, one of the com
mitteemen, last night, "It is practically
worn out. It has settled from eight to six
teen inches below the official grade and is
in so bad a condition that repairing will
do no good.
"It must do made over entirely. To re
pave it with bitumen would cost $80,000.
To natch it up with the old materials
would cost $25,000. This would be so much
money thrown away, for in a short period
the pavement would be as bad as ever.
' "This is what we want to convince them
of. The new streetcar track will, of course
be built on the official grade. This will
necessitate the building up of the street
and the Supervisors owe it to this side or
Market street to do the work well.
'•Even if the City did not owe the $80,000
to ua for the repairs it has left undone on
Folsom street it ought to grant us what
we ask. Up to date it has given the region
south of Market street practically nothing
for its streets. "We have $80,000,000 worth
of taxable property and half the popula
tion of the City, yet last year we received
practically but $8500. Of this amount
$7000 was for a sewer on Fifteenth street
and $1500 for improving Columbia Square.
"1 am afraid we will meet our Waterloo
though," he added. "The board must re
cognize the practical necessity of what we
ask, but they want to use the money for
something else. In case they decided that
way we will have to wait another year for
a new tax levy."
" * — • — « — :
London has 75,000 street lamps.
SCOTTISH RITE MASONRY.
The Annual Communication Was
Begun Yesterday in the
Temple.
GRATIFYING REPORTS MADE.
The Election of Officers to Be Held
To-Day — A Banquet in the
Evening.
The Grand Consistory of Masters of the
Royal Secret Thirty-second degree of the
Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry, in and for the State of Cali
fornia held its twenty-sixth annual com
munication at the Masonic Temple in this
City yesterday. The consistory was opened
in full form at 1 p. m. Henry A. Cline.
thirty -third grand master, presiding.
Over 100 were in attendance.
The minutes of the last annual communi
cation and subsequent special communica
tions were read and approved. Petitions
for degrees were received and referred to
the appropriate committees.
Grand Master Henry A. Cline delivered
his annual address, which was received
with much gratification. He said that it
afforded him great pleasure to state that
the Scottish Rite was in a more prosperous
GEORGE J. HOBE, FOR TWENTY. FOUR YEARS THE SCOTTISH RITE'S
GRAND REGISTRAR.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
condition than ever before. This was clue
in part to the great increase in the attend- i
ance and the perfect harmony that has !
prevailed among the members, and among
the lodges.
The grand master on this point re
ported that daring the past year no com- |
plaints have been made by the subordinate \
lodges for the committee of jurispru
dence to work upon. The increase in the
membership has been remarkably large i
and the grand master predicted a most sue- j
cessfal year in 1896. All of the oflicers i
and members he said have made special
i efforts to carry out the work laid out by
i the last conclave and it is to their assist- !
ance that such a gratifying condition of
affairs is due.
Grand Registrar George J. Hobe pre
sented his report, which was as gratifying
as that of the grand master. He has held
the position for twenty-four years and in j
concluding his statement added that at no !
j time had the Scottish Rite been more pros- !
j peroue.
The report of the grand treasurer, Sam
uel Levy, showed the financial statement j
to be as satisfactory as could be desired.
The reports were referred to the com- j
mittee on finance.
direful attention was paid to the read- j
ing of the returns from the subordinate :
bodies.
\V. Frairtv Pierce, thirty-third decree, ;
active inspector-general, reported that
daring the year he had established Lodges
of Perfection, fourteenth degree, in Sacra
mento, Redlands, Pasadenaand San Diego, j
The meeting adjourned to meet this
morning at 10 o'clock, when the reports of
the several committees will be read.
The annual election of officers will be j
held in the afternoon. After conferring '
the thirty-second degree, full form, in the
evening, a banquet will be held.
NO NEWS TO POOLROOMS
Ingleside Track Has Taken a
Determined Stand Against
Them.
Not a Place in the State to Get the
Information by Telephone or
Telegraph.
Not a poolroom in San Francisco or any
other tov/n in the State will get any in
formation direct by wire from the Ingle
side track to-day or after to-day. The Pacific
Coast Jockey Club has taken effective
steps to separate the racing under its
auspices from the unpopular associations
of the downtown poolrooms.
The telegraph wire connecting the track
with the City has been leased by the club
and hereafter it will be private and ope
rated by a man in the employ of the Ingle
side authorities. The telephone, Mission
269, was put in at the track especially f<">r
the club and at no time has it been under
the control of ths telephone company. By
absolute restrictions placed upon these
two means of rapid communication the
association will strike a hard blow at
downtown poolrooms with the accompani
ment of women and youthful gamblers.
Edward Corrigan, one of the directors of
the Pacific Jockey Club, said last night:
The substance of our arrangement is this:
the entries to Ingleside track won't be fur
nished to any poolroom in the State. Heretofore
they have been talcing the information tele
graphed to Stockton and sending it back here
immediately by telephone.
Of course, we could get quite a revenue if
we saw tit to furnish the poolrooms with the
news.
I don't know how long this arrangement may
last. The chances are it will be in effect quit"
a while.
There's one thing, the people are not going
to be cursing the racetrack for what is done in
the dives downtown.
Our object is just to keep the track clean and
free from tne evil effects of poolrooms. When
a man bets at the racetrack he sees the race
and ne understands why he lost his money.
In the poolrooms he may be betting after the
race is over.
A prominent ofticer of the association,
corroborating the information and going
more into details, said:
I want this understood : We are not fighting
anybody; it is simply to protect the racing
business. The association is running the race
track, not only for its own interests, but for the
horsemen, the breeders and the honest sports
men, and it does not purpose to encourage
something that the people of San Francisco
seem to be strongly opposed to.
MORE WARRANTS OUT.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare Says
Pool-Sellers Are Acting in Bad
Faith and Will Be Arrested.
The law seems to have no terrors for
downtown pool-sellers, as they persist in
carrying on their nefarious business. As a
result four warrants were sworn out in
Judge Joacbimsen'scourt yesterday morn
ing, and in the afternoon Policemen Syl
vester and Keys arrested William Jackson,
rooms 9 and 10, 9 Ellis street; Frank C.
Patterson, 9 Ellis street; Ed A. Stillman,
rooms 5 and 6, 9 Ellis street, and Francis
M. Garver, 25 Ellis street. Each gave $300
cash bail.
Stillman and Garver are clerks for pool
sellers, and the police are determined in
future to arrest clerks as well as pro
prietors.
"The pool-sellers," said Prosecuting At
torney Dare yesterday, "are acting in bad
faith in asking for continuances till after
the decision on the Givens appeal case. It
wna only to-day that the appeal in that
case was filed, although Givens was con
victed by a jury and sentenced over two
weeks ago.
"I have asked the pool-sellers to grant
me this concession. If they close "their
places of business till the decision in the
Givens case is reached I will close my cal-
endar in regard to tlieir cases. That is a
fair and equitable proposition, but they
won't agree to it and continue to carry on
their business. The result is that we'will
continue to arrest them and I am prepared
to give tnem a trial every day.
"Ninety or R> per cent of the citizens
want these places closed and only sor 10
per cent want them kept open. It'is there
fore the duty of the police, backed np by
the law. to see that they are kept closed
when it is unlawful to keep them open."
A TRAVELER ROBBED.
The Thrilling Experience of A. H.
Brownley With Footpads— Lost
«."»»() in Checks.
A. H. Brownley of Lomion, Canada, ar
rived here last night, after an exciting ex
perience at Santa Monica with footpads,
during which he lost $500 in checks issued
to him by the American Express Com
pany. He had some $3000 more in checks
in his pockets from the same company,
but luckily the thieves did not have time
to secure them.
As for his greenbacks and gold, he ha d a
good lot of both, but he had fortunately
given it into the keeping of his wife a few
moments before. She had gone for a walk
with their little son.
Mr. Brownley is at the Russ House. He
was here a week ago, when he first arrived
from Canada. As he was having his
money and other valuables put in the safe
the first night he noticed a middle-aged
man anxiously watching him. On the
train going south, afterward, the same
man fell into conversation with him. At
Santa Monica he went with Mr. Brown
ley for a stroll on the beach. They fell in
with a tall, gaunt man. who said he was
from Kentucky, and had brought horses
to California to sell. Suddenly he drew a
big revolver and told Brownley to hand
over his money. He had but"ls cents in
cash, and snowed it.
'You've pot more," said the big man.
"Get out that pocketbook."
Brownley had to produce it. The other
man obligingly assisted in handling its
contents. " Ten" checks, each for $50, were
found, and Brownley was compelled to
use a fountain pen which tney saw in
another pocket in signing them. Then
the thieves started to run away with them.
Brownley had a revolver and "was just on
the eve of pulling it when a third man,
evidently a confederate, arrested him.
The latter soon let him go ai;d all escaped.
The checks wore numbered from 611,680 to
f»ll,(M) inclusive. They were issued at
London, in Canada, and Brownley has
notified California authorities and* tele
graphed to Canada stopping their payment.
He has had no clew to the thieves since
he was robbed. He is on his way to New
Zealand.
JORGENSEN RECEPTION.
A Brilliant Studio Affair Given in Honor
of W. J. Batchelder and His
Bride.
The studio of Chris Jorgensen, on Mont
gomery and California streets, was ablaze
with lights from Japanese lanterns last
night. The rooms were decorated beauti
fully and at least 200 of the leading people
of the art and social world had gathered
to a musicale and reception given in honor
of W. J. Batchelder and his bride by Mr.
and Mrs. Jorgensen.
There was a particularly enjoyable mu
sical programme. Among those partici
pating were: The Double Cleff Quartet,
Mrs. Fine, Mrs. Dewing, Miss Wilcox and
Mrs. Birmingham; the Press Club Quartet,
Messrs. Coffin, Batchelder, Tiltou and
Tucker; Arthur Kcgensberger, 'cello solo;
Bern hard Mollenhauer, violin solo, and
vocal solos by George Mcßride, S. Homer
Henley, Mrs. Henley, Alfred Wilkie, Miss
Morse, Harry Melvin, Chris Jorgensen
and Mrs. Batchelder, J. Fletcher Tilton
accompanying.
Ledgers, journals, cashbooks, memoran
dums and diaries for 1896. Prices right. San
born, Vail & Co. •
GOVERNOR JOKES SINKING
The Popular Executive of Nevada
Critically 111 at the
Palace.
PHYSICIANS IN CONSULTATION.
He Is Said to Be Afflicted With Serious
Stomach Disease — Something of
His Record.
Governor John E. Jones of Nevada, who
for many weeks has been ill at the Palace
Hotel, has had a relapse. It is doubtful if
he recovers.
Some ailment only vaguely defined as
stomach trouble was said in the earlier
stages of his sickness to bother him. This
was the Governor's belief himself in talk
ing about it not long ago. He grew better
for a time and was able to be out a day
now and then. Once he thought he would
be able soon to return to Nevada.
But a few apys ago he grew worse again.
The pallor of his countenance, which has
been noticed all along, increased, and he
took to his bed, where he now lies In a
critical condition.
Dr. J. 0. Hirschfelder and Dr. C. M.
Richter are in almost constant attendance.
Other physicians consulted with them in
the Governor's room yesterday. Mrs.
Jones is with the Governor, as she has
been all alon:.'. Strict orders have been
given to admit no one, so ill is the patient.
It is stated now that the ailment is can
cer of the stomach. Whatever it is it is
evident his case is serious. For a time
last night he was said to be very low.
There is much interest in his case among
the Nevada people now here and the many
others who know the Governor.
Governor Jones was the lirst State official
in Nevada in ISH2 to cast his future with
the shyer party when the fight began for
free coinage. He was Slate Surveyor-Gen
eral at the time, finishing his second term.
The silver party raised its standard in the
eastern part of the State, and a call was
made for supporters of the white metal
from all quarters. Governor Jones, who
had lived most of his life in Nevada, im
mediately announced that he was for free
coinage against any party, State or sec
tion; that it was the logical stand for Ne
vadans to take against the old parties, and
that lie wanted to be recognized as a mem
ber of the party that protected the State's
greatest product.
The result was that the silver party, at
the ensuing State Convention, nominated
him for Governor, and he was elected by
an overwhelming majority. The two old
parties (Republican and Democratic) were
buried in an avalanche of votes, and the
State capital was rilled with silver men.
Previous to that Mr. Jones had been a
Republican, but latterly put silver before
everything else, believing it to be the ulti
mate salvation of the Sagebrush State.
His record as a Governor has been of the
conservative and d^liherate order, and his
judgment on all State matters is consid-
Governor John E. Jones of Nevada.
[Sketched a month ago by a "Call" artist.]
ered safe and diplomatic at the same time.
His reputation lor honesty has been an
object lesson for younger politicians and
his promise? were never broken.
A remarkable thing about Governor
Jones is his practical knowledge of the
earlier training that make men capable
heads of a government.
A. B. FORBES EXPLAINS.
On Behalf of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company He Throws Light on the
Fhinney Appeal.
Agent A. B. Forbes of the Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York makes
| an explanation which throws considerable
I light on the Phinney appeal according to
his point of view. The Phinney appeal
was mentioned by The Call yesterday. It
involves a verdict for $97,012 84 rendered
by the United States Circuit Court at Seat
tle, Wash., in favor of Mrs. Phinney ou a
$100,000 twenty-year policy.
His explanation is as follows:
The statement that the contention of the
Mutual Life Insurance Company is that the
premiums on a twenty-year contract must be
paid for the full period of twenty years, other
wise no insurance can be collected, is mislead
ing unless properly qualified, and is liable to
be much misunderstood.
In justice to the company I would like you
tossy for me that the obligation of the con
trnct between Guy C. Phinueyand our com
pany called simply for the payment of the
premiums for twenty years provided the policy
holder continued to live At the end of the
twenty years hr> would have gotten the full
amount of the $100,000.
This is the particular pha«e of benefit which
we off er ana guarantee to policy-holders who
continue to live beyond the time limit. It
amounts simply to this: That, after paying
their premiums lor the time limit specified,
they pet the full amount of Insurance their
policy calls for without the element of death
enteritis? in at all. On the other hand, if a person
dies under such a contract, after paying only
one premium, the company pays the insur
ance just the same as if the policy-holder had
lived ami paid premiums for the full period of
the time limit.
The trouble in the Phinney case was that
Mr. Phinney did not have the money to pay
his second premium at the time it was due.
However, the company was willing to carry
Mr. Phinney, provided he did pay the second
premium within a reasonable time and could
present a clear certificate of health. When
our meaieal examiner, Dr. Eagleson. investi
gated his physical condition it was found that
he was a very sick man, and for this reason his
second premium was not accepted, lie hud
forfeited his first premium by not paying the
second on time; but worse than all ne'had be
come too unsafe a risk physically to warrant
the company in stretching any points in his
favor. We did the best thing a business insti
tution could ba expected to do, namely offer
to overlook his delinquency if he made it 'good
provided he could show that he was as healthy
a man as when originally insured.
Z An Overcoat Thief.
C. H. Foster, the sneakthief, who has re
cently been helping himself to overcoats from
the offices of real estate agents and stock
t \ ou Mont coniery street, appeared in
Judge Joachtmsen's court yesterday morning
and at the request of the prosecution tlie case
was continued till January 15. Detectives Bee
and Harper havo recovered eight or nineof the
overcoats, which Foster toad pawned in various
places.
NEW TO-DAY.
With Munyon's improved Homeopathic
Remedies You fen Doctor and
CURE YOURSELF !
So Gness Work— So Experimenting —
Big Doctors' Hills— i'ach Remedy
lias Plain Directions, So There
Can Be \o .Mistake.
A SEPARATE CURE FOR
EACH DISEASE.
They Relieve Almost Immediately— Are
Absolutely Harmless and Should
l>e in Every Home.
Your Drugrcrist "Will Give You the Xames
of Hundreds of His Customer* Who
Have Been Cured by These Wonder-
ful Little Pellets.
E. B. Stonehill, ex-District Attorney of
San Francisco, Room 74, Nevada Bfoclc,
says: "I obtained a bottle of Mnnyon'a
I Rhenmatism Cure, intending to ascertain
its effects upon a sort of rheumatic-gout in
my left foot, from which I had suffered a
creat deal. After taking several doses of
the pellets the pain left my foot and located
in the joint of my ri^'ht wrist. The pain
was intense, but in the meantime the swell-
ing in my foot had almost entirely disap-
peared. Three days later my wrift com-
menced to improve to such an extent that
I was able to handle a pen, and at present
lam entirely free from pain. My boot,
which I had cut in order to afford me re-
lief, I have laid aside for an ordinary gai-
ter, and inasmuch as I took no other med-
icine I must attribute the cure to your pel-
lets. The action of the medicine was swift
and entirely satisfactory in my case."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price '_'sc.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 2.3 c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a coid in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 2.jc.
Munyon's Kidney (Jure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kid nev disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depres:red spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nights, pains "in the
head and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a prompt
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stop 3 headache
in three minutes, Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's "Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
Mnnyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women. Price 25c.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in live days. Pi ie, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1500
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
S^^^flf S W
T WANT A SUGGESTION, AND I AM
-L willing to pay for it.
After many years' experience I have per-
fected a Cereal Breakfast Food. It has
been extensively tried and pronounced by
all who have used it far superior to any-
thing of the kind now in use.
Being about to begin its manufacture. I
desire a name for the article equal to its
merits. For a name selected an i approved
by me I will pay the sum of $25. If a se-
lection can be reached I will pay the money
at my orhce^ All names to be "handed in
not later than January 11.
C. S. LAUMEISTER,
203 to 207 Mission street.
— , — _ — . .
(Irish Point, $6.50 pair.)
Have you seen our win-
dow this week ? Brim full
of lace curtains ; you don't
have to wonder how much
they cost, either price-tags
on every one.
These sell fastest :
English Brussels (everybody lites It), white or
ecru, $1.90 pair.
Knelish Brussels (better still), white or ecru, $3
pair.
Irish Point (the real thin?), 53.75 pair.
Irish Point, (white). $4 pair. (You don't find
white ones at that price every Jay.)
Genuine hand-made Brussels point lace, $6 pair.
The very best of hanging,
and we don't charge you a
cent for it.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaje Free:
r«ily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Tally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
r»!ly scd Sunday Call, six month*, by mall.. 3.00
I > ■ v and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
TaiJv end Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sciid&y Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Wkeklt Call, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1674
BRANCH OFFICES:
6?0 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
S :!0 o'clock.
fSB Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Lark! street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
it til 8 o'clock.
1618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
ilb Miiitii street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Sooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID 21. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY JANUARY 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The emergency tariff bill is for revenue
only, and still the Democrats do not like it.
The Governor of Cape Colqny bears the
name ol Hercules, but he is not living up
to it. .
The capture of Havana by the Cubans
will not be the fall of that city, but its
liberation.
Boston proposes to elevate the stage, but
it may turn out to be a movement to ele
vate Boston.
If General Campos does not soon resign
his command to Spain he will have to sur
render it to Cuba.
Now that Eureka has started "a self-help
association," she will rind it easy to start
anything else she wishes.
In the path that Grover is walking there
is no room to turn round, and if he ever
gets out he must back out.
The City Hall dome must be completed
in ninety days, and let 'i? hope it will be
well done if it were dono quickly.
We may surely count on peace this year,
for there is enough blow :ng among the na
tions to blow the war cl 'Lid over.
Utah cannot be too .Tompt in sending
her two Republican Senators to Congress.
The country needs them right now.
We will thank the Senate kindly to give
us tne tariff bill at once and save the sil
ver discussion until there is more time
to talk.
According to Jameson's statement he
would never have beevi captured by his
foes if he had not be< n taken in by his
friends.
The Kaiser's letter rcay have been in
tended merely to distract the attention of
the Hermans from the agitations of the so
cialists.
Cleveland bonds will rest upon the whole
country, but Htratington's funding-bill
bonds would have to be paid by the Pacific
Coast alone.
Now that work has begun in China
Basin the competing road is coming into
sight in San Francisco as well as in the
San Joaquin.
As the British press has come to the
conclusion that arbitration is proper, we
may consider the victory won and call off
the war dogs.
I>on"t forget to arrange your dates so that
you can attend nest Monday evening the
mass-meeting for the relief of the Arme
nian sufferers.
Clevelandism has put an end to old De
mocracy, and if the party ever hopes to
have a new life it must be born again and
born different.
It is not certainly known what the
Queen wrote to the Kaiser, but she prob
ably told him if he recognized the Boers
she wouldn't recognize him.
It becomes more evident every day that
we can count on Congress to supply the
medicine that will cure the ills of the
country and make Groversick.
The Associated Press has not yet ven
tured to declare Boston the storm center
of the Cuban war, but it continues to use
her as headquarters for dispatches.
Cleveland has already increased the Na
tional bonded debt by $1*32.000,000, another
$100,000,000 is in sight, and he has still
more than a year to work his bondmill.
We may get Cleveland out of office, but
the old man has got his administration
Faddled on us in the form of a debt that
will stay with us for many years to come.
The J'ortland Or*nonian eclipsed all its
recent efforts by issuing a superb edition
with which to open the year. It presents
the attractions of Oregon in a masterly
way.
The House has taken a good sten in ask
ing the Attorney-General what has been
done to enforce the law against trusts. It
is fall time to make the administration
begin to explain itself.
Senator Perkins' bill providing for the
settlement of Alaska may not attract many
people there so Jontr as California has room
for more, but all the same so long as we
own the country we might as well open it
up.
A New Year's edition of great size and
special merit was issued by the Ogden
Stamlard. It is particularly timely as a
review of Utah's greatness, in view of the
recent admission of the Territory as a
State.
The statement of Huntington at a meet
ing of the Southern Pacific directors that
"henceforth the railroad and politics must
be divorced" will not be accepted by the
courts as evidence that the railroad was
ever wedded to politics, while the people
won't accept it as evidence that he ever
had any intention of divorcing them.
The motion of Senator Lodge to have
the editor of the New York World prose
cuted because he published interviews
with leading Englishmen on the Cleveland
loan is one of the freaks of the season. If
there is any law on our statute-books that
forbids an American newspaper to publish
interviews with anybody anywhere on any
subject of current interest, then that law
has been a dead letter ever since modern
journalism became alive.
A DELUSIVE SCHEME.
It seems to be taken for granted that a
funding scheme providing for a gradual
repayment by the aided railroads of the
debt which they owe the Government will
accomplish its purpose. The fact that the
railroads themselves desire such a meas
ure is a curious and significant thing. It
must be taken either to mean that the
companies all along have been earning
sufficient to have extinguished the debt,
or that, if they have not, they wish us to
believe that they can raise their tariffs suf
ficiently to produce the increased revenue
required.
If the first of these views be accepted,
then a funding bill would be a condone
ment and perpetuation of a swindle; for
if the companies have earned the money
and have withheld its use in the payment
of an honest debt they have robbed the
Government. In that case they would
deserve no consideration whatever, and
the roads themselves and their accumu
lated earnings, held by their owners as
private property, can be recovered if there
is any justice in the laws and courts of
this country.
If the other view be accepted, that the
companies have not earned sufficient to
pay the debt and will be compelled to in
crease their revenues by raising Iheir
tariffs, the question arises, To what extent
can they raise their charges without de
stroying their traffic and thus making the
payment of their debt impossible, and to
what extent have they the power to raise
their charges at all? An assumption that
they can raise them must mean that they
have the power as monopolies to do so, for
the announcement of such a power means
the absence of competition. Therefore a
funding scheme which contemplates a
raising of tariffs is a provision for encour
aging and perpetuating a monopoly. This
is infamous on its face.
The Southern Pacitic Company, in its
recent announcement of an intention to
advance its east-bound freight charges,
has proclaimed that it is just such a
monopoly and has the power in the ab
sence of competition to make such an
advance at will. Tnose who may regard
this as evidence of that company's ability
and intention to pay its Government debt
by raising its rates in the exercise of its
power as a monopoly" evidently deem the
payment of the debt a more important
matter than the effect which such a raise
would have in retarding the development
of the country and preventing the pros
perity of the people. It is worth while
further to cousider the policy of fostering
a power which experience has shown to be
so dangerous.
But suppose that this power to raise
rates to a point sufficient to cover the
amounts which must be paid to the Gov
ernment under the terms of a funding bill
does not really exist. In that event (if the
companies have not been withholding
earnings that the Government should have
received) it would be impossible for the
companies to pay their debt under a fund
ing scheme. In order to secure the neces
sary revenue from an advance of rates
they would have to put the rates above
a point at which the bulk of the traiiic
could be handled profitably round the
Horn. Our Traffic Association has pledged
itself to meet such a contingency. For
that matter such a raise would invite the
construction of a new competing overland
railroad, btill further, the Panama Rail
way might not be willing to serve as a tool
in such a scheme.
In short, a funding bill would be either
the condonement of a swindle, the perpet
uation of a monopoly, the saddling upon
our industries of a burden which they
could not bear, or a bald and naked sham
which would not secure the payment of
the debt. Those who advocate such a
measure may take their choice amonj;
these four propositions.
DESEEVED OENSUEE.
The Examiner, objecting to our criticism
on the administration for inviting sub
scriptions for 4 per cent bonds without
giving Congress a chance to authorize an
', issue of 3 per cents, calls it "undeserved
censure," and goes on to say:
"The Examiner finds it impossible to
call such a criticism candid. There i 3 no
! bond bill before the Senate. The meas
ure which passed the House as a bond
biil has been transformed by the Senate
Finance Committee into a free-coinage
bill, pure and simple, with no trace of
; bonds in it. It does not provide the means
j for the redemption of notes in anything,
even in silver. * * *
"In view of Mr. Cleveland's well-known
opinions with regard to such legislation as
this, we thinK that our contemporary, on
reflection, will agree with us that he could
hardly be expected to postpone any finan
cial operation he had in mind for the sake
of giving Congress time to present him
such a bill to veto."
In this statement the Examiner does not
give an accurate account of the facts. At
the time Carlisle issued his call fo» a 4 per
cent loan, tue Finance Committee had not
reported a silver bill to the Senate. It had
given notice during the previous week
that it would report on the bond bill at
the meeting of the Senate on Tuesday.
Carlisle forestalled this report by publish
ing his call for bonds on Monday morning,
and the Examiner can hardly be serious in
pleading in defense of his action some
thing that took place subsequent to the
i action itself.
Our contemporary i 3 further wrong in
assuming that the report of the silver bill
by a majority of the Finance Committee
disposes of the bond bill. The Senate has
still to act on the report. The bond bill
has not been killed by tne mere fact that
a majority of one in a committee voted
against it, and Cleveland cannot by the
action of the committee be exonerated
from the charge of having practicaliy
nullified the intent of the bill while it is
yet in the hands of Congress.
It must be borne in mind there was
nothing in the condition of the treasury
that compelled an immediate issue of
bonds. Carlisle's report showed money
enough on hand for current expenses,
there had been a surplus of revenues for
the month of December and the gold
reserve was considerably above the dan
ger limit. Moreover Cleveland had asked
Congress to remain in session during the
holidays to pass relief measures and Con
gress had done so. The proposed measure
of relief was in the hands of the Senate
and official notice had been given that it
would be reportedfor action at once. For
the President, under the circumstances, to
ignore Congress and practically nullify the
bill the House had passed, was surely an
undue interference with legislation and
an offense so crave it not only deserves
censure, but comes near impeachment.
A THIED-TEEM BOOM.
By his latest move to increase the public
debt, Cleveland has strengthened his
chances for a renomination in "two ways.
He lias given the money power added
reasons for desiring his re-election and by
making the chances of Democratic succefc's
more desperate than ever he has weakened
the ardor of any rivals likely 10 contest his
nomination in the convention.
History has many examples of leaders
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
who have sought to rule or ruin, but
Cleveland is the only conspicuous one who
has sought to rule bis party by ruining it.
It is evident that if the Democratic party
were not hopelessly demoralized it would
no more think of renominating Cleveland
than of nominating Van Alen. In its
present condition, however, where is it to
txirn and what is it to do? No prominent
leader of the party cares to undertake the
forlorn hope of the coming campaign,
even if any were willin? to face the people
as an apologist for the Cleveland adminis
tration. It is evident, however, the party
must have a candidate or go to pieces.
The logic of the situation therefore is
either Cleveland or some candidate so ob
scure as to be practically nobody.
It ia clear that by making his policy dis
astrous to his party the President is mak
ing himself necessary to it. He can claim
in the convention the support of a power
ful class of money-lenders and mugwumps,
while no other candidate likely to oppose
him can show a strong support from any
class. It is a fact that at this time Democ
racy has not a single leader of National re
pute who is popular with the people or has
the confidence of any great number of in
telligent men. The Cleveland faction in
the party may be small, but it is stronger
than all other factions put together. It is
more than probable, therefore, the bond
business will have a marked effect upon
the politics as well as the finances of the
country, and that Cleveland will either get
a renomination or split the party in con
vention and send each faction off, as in
1860, to nominate a candidate of its own.
FAEMEES ON HAND.
The executive committee of the State
Grange has decided to take two important
steps. One is to ascertain whether and to
what extent certain commission merchants
have been making improper returns to
farmers, and the other is to seek to es
tablish a free market on the water front of
San Francisco.
A test case is to be maue in the matter
of a return made by a commission mer
chant to a country customer. It is charged
that he reported a Icps price than he re
ceived, and that this is a common practice
where single packages are handled. If, as
is assumed, this is embezzlement, it should
be prosecuted to the full limit of the law.
If it is not, it should be suppressed as a
manifest wrong. The grange is amply able
to handle the matter satisfactorily.
The establishment of a free maiket in
this City would be one of the best things
that the farmers could possibly do, but
there is a serious question as to whether
the water front is the best place. A large
proportion of the produce would be brought
in wagons owned by the farmers them
selves, und the only extra transportation
expense they would encounter would be
the ferry charge across the bay. When
this side is reached it would coa,t nothing
additional to drive the waeons to some
central part of the City, where they would
be easily accessible to a large number of
buyers.
If the water front be selected buyers will
have to pay carfare both ways and lose from
thirty minutes to an hour in travel. As
most of the purchases would be very small
there would be little or no saving in mak
ing the long trip to the water front, and so
tne market would largely fail of its pur
pose. It is not to be denied that the Mar
ket-street Railway would benefit by such a
selection.
The better plan would te to select the
streets surrounding one of the numer
ous public squares in the City, or
it might be possible to obtain the co
operation of the City, or of large capital
ists, and provide a free market on a scale
commensurate with the size and impor
tance of the metropolis. The proposed en
terprise is certainly one that affects the
people of the City as well as of the coun
try, and affords therefore a good ground
for the exertion of the combined efforts of
both in order to accomplish the best re
sults.
VENEZUELA'S ODD RAILWAY.
This is a scene on one of the most remarkable
railroads in tne world. It is the railroad be
tween Caraca3, the capital of Venezuela, and
its port, La Guayra. As the bird flies tne two
towns are only about six miles apart, out the
railroad that joins them is nearly twenty-four
miles lone. Caracas is in a deep valley, but it
is two-thirds of a mile nighcr than La Guayra,
and the mountains between them are nearly
9000 feet high.
So the railroad train, that never exceeds five
or six small and very light cars, winds along
the precipitous flanks of the mountains, puffs
nx> one side of the valley and down the other,
darts through short tunnels, and keeps up Its
The Caracas Railroad.
very sinuons way until finally the glorious
valley of the capital city bursts into view.
Then steam is shut off, Rnd the brakes are
applied, and slowly the train slips down the
inward face of the mountains to iis station in
the city.
The most charming and exhilarating vlaws
are revealed nt every stage of the journey; but
thin short trip is not one of the safest in the
world. We have not heard that nature has
ever bombarded a train with rocks from above,
Lut, says the New York Sun, this is a contin
gency that might happen. Sometimes during
violent storms rocks are detached from the
mass that towers above the roadbed and go
thumping down upon the track. During the
rainy season traffic has sometimes been inter
rupted for more than a week at a time by the
damage done in this way to the track. It' is a
great problem how to obviate this source of
dancer, and no solution has yet been found.
If England were to make war on Venezuela a
few hundred natives with crowbars for looeen
ing rocks, perched high above the track, could
make it very tough traveling for the enemy to
reach the capital by the railroad.
This great work of railroad engineering does
honor to the. energy and initiative talent of ex-
Presldent Guzman Blanco, who conceived the
project and carried it through to success. The
railroad was completed in 1883.
Great Britain's Debt.
Redwood City Gazette.
Among his items of strength that John Bull
Is submitting for our consideration has not
been mentioned his debt of $3,350,000,000,
being more than three times that of the United
States.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Captain George A. Raabe, the veteran cru
sader against the custom of uncovering the
head at funerals, is still laboring industriously
in his efforts to have religious and benevolent
societies abolish the old rule of removing the
hats while burying the dead.
Several years ago Captain Raabe began writ
ing letters to rhysieians, ministers, boards of
health and officials in the principal cities of
the United States, Europe and Australia. From
all these points he received favorable answers.
The physicians gave their unqualified approval
of the idea and the health boards without
exception recommended the adoption of the
rule of keening the head covered in the open
air upon sanitary grounds.
"You have no idea," said Captain Raabe
yesterday, "how easily people are converted
to this pet idea of mine. It takes only a few
words to convince my hearers that numerous
cases of sickness and death have resulted from
the custom of males removing their hats at
funerals and standing with their heads ex
posed during the long services at the grave.
Since I called the attention of the public to
this matter five years ago almost all the
societies in this City have passed resolutions
that the hat be not removed outside of the
hall. Many ministers of the churches have
promised to advocate the question before their
congregations, but some still cling to the old
custom. A number of times in my life I have
been called upon to act as pall-bearer, and
after walking alongside the hearse tor several
miles, and thereby becoming fatigued and
heated with my long march, was obliged to
stnnd bareheaded during a long interval
around tne grave. I passed through a Ions:
spell ot sickness from that needless exposure
and when I recovered I determined to do all in
my power to have the custom abolished.
"Everywhere I have met with encourage
ment in my endeavors. From Bodenhause, in
Germany, I learned thut my circulars had been
received, and, as a result, all the merchants
h«d posted in their stores that customers wen
requested to keep their hats on while making
purchases. The ladies of Marienburg declared
themselves In favor of my proposition and an
nounced that they requested that gentlemen
should not lift their hats upon meeting them
in the street. The London Lancet, the highest
medical authority in the world, says that the
custom of standing uncovered at funerals,
with the head exposed to the chill air, la pro
ductive of diseases of the respiratory organs.
"The soldier, that highest, type of discipline,
never removes his hat at a funeral or at any
time when on duty. Why should the civilian
be forced to do so? The custom of uncovering
the head originated in ancient Rome, where
slaves were obliged to bare the head when
meeting a freeman to show which was the
slave. Why must we follow the old slavish
custom, especially as we are all freemen, and
particularly when it endangers health?"
Captain Raabe is a retired butcher and an
ex-president of the Butchers' Protective Asso
ciation of this City.
PERSONAL.
G. R. AgasMz ol Boston is at the California.
Dr. J. F. Christal of Santa Cruz is in the city.
Ex-Mayor B. D. Steinaaan of Sacramento is in
town.
D. W. Crabb, the fruit-grower of Oakdale, is
in the City.
Woods Crawford, an attorney of Lakeport, is
in the City.
Justice of the Peace William Mountbey of
Hopland is at the Russ.
A. Chisholm, the wealthy tanceryman of
Benicia, was in town yesterday.
0. C. Peters, a mining man of Angels, is at
the Grain! on his way to Arizona.
Superior Judge R. F. Crawford of Santa Rosa
is at the Russ, accompanied by his son.
Dr. Robert Eugene Payne, who has been ab
sent from the City for three years, haa returned
here to remain permanently.
A. B. Hinckson, a wealthy boot and shoe
mHnufacturer of Boston, is at the Grand, ac
companied by Mrs. HiDcksou.
R. J. K. Aden and A. E. Pryor of Goodall,
Perkins & Co. will leave this morning for
Truefcee to attend the carnival.
Orno Strong, proprietor of the West Coast,
the weekly trade journal of Tncoma, is at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Captain John Henderson, the well-known
land and mine owner of Fort Jones, is at the
Rims. He is one of the wealthiest men in that
part of the State.
D. N. Hershey, the extensive grain-grower of
Yolo County, who is one of the officials of the
Bank of Woodland and also of the Grangers'
Bank here, is at the Grand.
William B. Dudley, an extensive merchant
of New York City who handles a large amount
of California canned goods, is at the Palace.
He is here on a business trip.
J. H. Richardson of Stewarts Point, Sonoma
County, the potentate of that section, is at the
Russ. He owns large areas of land, boats and
other property, and ships extensive quantities
of wood and tanbark to this City.
General Manager ICruttschnltt left for Port
land yesterday, accompanied by W. G. Curtis,
his assistant. The purpose of this trip is said
to be Mr. Kruttschnitt's desire to inspect the
road, as he has never been over it.
CALIFOHNIANs IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., .Tan. B.— Miss Crocker is
at the Netherland, Miss McKinstry and R. J
Wilson and wife are at the Holland, "j. M. Hin
meg is at the Colemitn, J. M. Holmes is at the
Imperial, W. W. Inland and A. S. Weiler are at
the Grand Union, T. Carroll is at the St. Cloud,
E. J. Lofstrong is at the Ashland and W. S.
Watsou is at the New Amsterdam.
A LEAP-YEAR IDYL.
When she proposed my heart beat fast;
My blushes CHtne, with eyes downcast
I listened while *!.►> told her love.
While earth below and heaven above
Had seemed to meet at, last, at last !
She begged me not her hope to blast,
And showed the wealth she had amassed
Was for us -.wain more than enough,
When she proposed.
I could not turn from love so vast,
When I waa as an aiignl classed.
And rnni[ht and kissed » n d called her "dove";
.«o while 1 thrilled with joy thereof,
A tremblinK"yes" from mv"lips passed,
When she proposed.
— Munsey's Magazine.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Protect Home Industries.
American Economist.
American manufacturing makes American I
wages; American wages make the American
market. Stop the manufacturing and you
have destroyed the market. For a little tem
porary gain to the free-trade Importer is it
wise to dissipate the wealth ot an entire
I nation?
A Weak Commission.
Sacramento P.ee.
It strikes us that the Venezuelan Commission
named by President Cleveland is a rather
milk-and-water, namby-pamby affair as a
whole in contrast with what It might have
been. Such men as George Edmunds, Benja
min Harrison and William M. Evarts certainly
should have Been on that commission.
The Bond Ago.
Livermore Echo.
, The House has passed a bill to Increase the
Government's revenue to something about
equal to its expenses and the Senate will
doubtless approve the measure, but Grover
will promptly veto it and the expenses will
continue to be met by issuing bonds. How
ever, we have only fourteen months more of
bond-age to endure.
The Eagle Still I.iTcs.
Irvington Press.
The vigorous scream that the American eagle
has Indulged in over the Venezuelan matter
will do him a great amount of good. It has
been a long time since the emblem of freedom
and liberty hag had a chance to try his lungs.
They are, however, in pretty good order, for
his screech was heard across the great water
and the Britishers were made aware that he
was still alive and awake to a startling degree.
Taxing Foreigners.
Stockton Independent.
There is considerable of what is called
Americanism in the Transvaal. The people
there believe in making those who get the
cream of the wealth in the country pay the
Government's expenses. They, therefore,
make transient gold and diamond miners pay
about all the revenues. The amount is but a
trifle compared with what the "outlanders"
carry away with them. It would be a good
plan to pursue in the United States. If those
who come only to acquire wealth and take it
back to their foreign homes were taxed more
heavily than citizens there would be less of a
drain upon the country's money.
Never "Wanted to Arbitrate.
Seattle Post-Intell!gencer.
Great Britain does not want to arbitrate in
the Venezuelan matter. Neither did she when
6he took Gibraltar from her Dutch, allies, uor
when she gobbled Malta by force, nor when
she seized Aden from a weak State on a flimsy
pretext, nor when she pocketed Mauritius by
a snow of power, nor when she stole Trinidad,
nor when, by deliberate aggression, subsidizing
companies and compulsory annexation she ac
quired the best parts of Africa, nor when she
eayitured Jamaica, nor when she wrested
Ceylon from the helpless Dutch, nor when she
grabbed the Ascension Island, nor when by
conquest she took in British Burmah, Berbice,
Borneo, Hongkong, Heligoland, Gozo and St.
Helena, nor when she invaded the Indian
empire, nor when she simply sat down upon
innumeraDle coaling stations 'in various parts
of the world. If there had been arbitration
there would be no British empire.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
President Faure is a great sportsman, and his
preserves are among the finest in France.
Every member of M. Bourgeois' Cabinet, ex
cept M. Berthelot, according to the Tablet, Is a
Free Mason.
A nephew of Washington Irving Is the land
lord of the old-fashioned hostelry at Birming
ham, England.
Prince Pedro of Coburg, grandson of the
late Emperor D»m Pedro of Brazil, is only 30,
and is now hopelessly insane.
John Morley says that "there are probably
not six Englishmen over 50 years of age now
living whose lives need to be written or should
be written."
RnEkin once wrote to Dante Gabriel Rossettl:
"If you wanted to oblige me you would keep
your room in order and go to bed at night.
All your fine spoeeb.es go for nothing with me
till you do that."
Meissonier was proui of his shapely and
delicate hands. He said that his fingers were
so sensitive that he could, with his eyes shut,
lay on the exact amount of color he wanted on
a given spot if somebody placed the point of
the brush upon it.
The house in which George 111 was born is
still standing a' the back ot Norfolk House in
St. James squar-, London. It is a dwarf Hano
verian building, almost of the cottage- type,
and has been used for many years as a ser
vants' and stab c house.
Of the fourteen new stars discovered during
the last 300 yeprs Mrs. Fleming of the Harvard
Observatory ha.; discovered four, namely: One
in the constellation of Perseus, in 1687; one in
Kornia, in 1893, and one each in Carina and
Centaurus during 1895.
At a recent performance of "Trilby" at the
Haymarket Theater, London, the Princess of
Wales, the Princesses Victoria and Maud and
Prince Nicholas of Greece were present. The
Trilby craze has struck England vigorously on
its rebound from this country.
Lord Rayleigh and Professor Ramsay have
been awarded by the French Academy of Sci
ences 50,000 francs for their discovery of
argon. This grant is known as the prix le
Cerate, and is intended as a reward to the
author or authors of a new discovery in
physics, chemistry, mathematics or medicine.
Congressman Smith of Michigan, expecting
that the House would adjourn for the usual
holiday recess, accepted an invitation to ad
dress the Young Men's Republican Club of
Grand Rapids last week. Finding himself un
able to get away from Washington, Mr. Smith
dictated his speech into a phonograph and
sent it by express to Grand Rapids, where it
was run off to the meeting.
Major Toselli's death in Abyssinia and the
conduct of his native servants read like a page
of Roman history. After sending on the
wounded and those who could escape, Toselli
faced the enemy and held them back till the
ammunition failed and he was killed, When
they sew their master dead, two of the ser
vants shot themselves through the head with
revolvers, while a third stabbed himself to the
heart with a dagger.
According to a publication recently issued at
Berlin thirty-six persons figuring in the
"Almanach de Gotha" have appeared as au
thors in the course of the present century.
Among the most celebrated are Queen Eliza
beth of Rumania (Carmen Sylva), the Duke of
Baxe-Coburg-Gotha, Prince George of Prussia,
King John of Saxony (Philalethls), King Oscar
of Sweden and Norway, Emperor William 11,
Alexander 111 of Russia, who wrote "Souvenirs
sur le Siege de Sebastopol"; the Grand Duke
Constantine, Emperor William I of Germany,
four members of the House of Bavaria and the
Shah of Persia.
POPULIST POSSIBILITIES.
The Colorado Road, a Populist organ, sug
gests the following names from which a Presi
dential ticket may be chosen:
Governor Altgeld of Chicago.
Mayor Pingree of Detroit.
Senator Allen of Nebraska.
Senator Tillman of South Carolina.
Tom Watson of Georein.
Judge Caldwell of Arkansas.
J. C. Sibley of Pennsylvania.
Governor Pennoyer of Oreeon.
Congressman Howard of Alabama.
General Weaver, and many others could be
mentioned.
A USEFUL, MISSES' GOWN.
All the fashionable features of '^dy's gowns
are reproduced in misses' cot uics. This
charming example was of pink and white silk,
with a bodice of white lace over pink silk.
The shoulder-straps are of pink velvet. The
same model is used for high-necked gowns; the
yoke, beinp plain and incorporated in the waist,
is simply cut away for an evening gown. The
sleeves ate in the new Bishop shupe, and in
the gown shown above are drawn up by elastics
to form a shorter puff. A charming gown of
blue serge haa the full blouse of cashmenienna
silk with shoulder-straps of plain colored vel
vet.
Another gown of Petunia boucle cloth had
trimmings of leaf-green miroir velvet.
A chestnut brown and green mixed goods
had pale green clothstraps over the shoulder,
edgod with beaver.
A mixed cloth in blue and black had the plain
yoke of blue velvet, with black Putin shoulder
straps, belt and collar. Over the top oi this
collar stood scollops of blue velvet, which
formed a frame for the face, suggestive of the
petals of a flower.
A school dress of mixed tweed had shoulder
straps, belt and crushed collar of leaf-green
velvet, with a large smoked pearl button on
both ends of the shoulder straps.
"Old Murgar.s has committed suicide."
"You don't say so! What was the cause?"
"You know what a hater of corporations he
was ?"
"Yes."
"Well, he saved a man from drowning the
other day, and afterward discovered that the
fellow's life was insured for $00,000."—Chi
cago Record.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The first week's performances show that the
success of Johann Strauss' new operetta
"Waldmeister" (Asperula) is much greater
than that achieved by his last work, "The
Apple Feast." The Viennese critics find that,
in spite of a rather weak libretto, "Wald
meister" recalls the freshness and originality
ot Strauss' early and his best operetta, "Die
Fledermaus" (generally known in this country
by its original title of "La Tzigane"). For the
first three Derformances of "Waldmeister" the
old master directed the overture himself, after
which he passed the baton to the regular chef
d'orchestre of the theater, as he was not
Johann Strauss, the Waltz King.
strong enough to stand the strain of directing
the whole performance. Strauss' friends say
that he is already preparing another opera.
He is 71 years of age, and gives every promise
oi retaining as perennial an activity as the
octogenarian Verdi. The critics are beginning
to suggest that, as Verdi wrote a comic opera —
"Falstaff"— at the age of 80, it is not improb
able that when Strauss reaches the same age
he may be ready to come before the public
with a new departure in the shape of an opera
seria.
Le Menestrel tells an amusing story of the
late General .-fir Henry Ponaonby, who was for
many years Queen Victoria's private secretary.
The general was noted for his politeness, and
whenever an artist performed at court he
always telegraphed the following day to
inquire after the performer's health. If a com
plete troupe performed at the castle the general
employed a formula, always the same, which
included the various members of the company.
A short time ago Rogers Prat was sent for to
court to exhibit his educated geese before
Queen Victoria's grandchildren. The day fol
lowing the ''artist" received the traditional
telegram from General Ponsonby, written in
the following immutable terms; "Her gracious
Majesty would be delighted to know if the
members of your troupe are veil and if. they
have had an agreeable journey. For my own
part I beg you to convey to them the expres
sion of my esteem." It is not stated whether
the educated geese replied to the general's
polite message.
Few singers have been more "boomed" dur
ing the last few years than Miss Ellen Beach
Yaw. This young Californienne is said to have
the greatest range of any living soprano, and
bucolic critics in Texas and Is'ew Mexico, the
localities where Miss Yaw has most loved to
tour, have indorsed her with all the superla
tive adjectives in their verbal repertory. The
Incense offered by these rural critics has ap
peared, along with Miss Yaw's portrait, in
numerous music journals, ajid the public has
frequently marveled why such a phenomenal
diva should prefer the homage of Houston and
San Antonio to the adulation of New York,
Paris and London. It is now announced that
Miss Yaw intends to tour through the princi
pal cities of the Union, so that the public will
at last discover whether she is indeed the most
phenomenal singer of the age or whether she
only has au exceptionally clever press agent.
There is a visible falling off of interest in the
opera performances at the Metropolitan this
winter in New York. The public does not
seem to know what it wants;, or, if it does
know, when it gets it stays at home, or should
it come forth, shows no enjoyment in the per
formance. Even Meiba, who was stormed on
her first appearance this season with the Bos
ton Symphony Orchestra, met with no explo
sive greeting at her operatic debut in "Romeo
and Juliet," whereby the diva was grumpy,
and when 6he really was applauded for the
waltz song she surveyed the passive expres
sionless lines of boxes, which used to lose their
sanity for her, with a glance which meant,
"Too late; you've kept your greeting until I
have done something you would like repeated,
so now you won't have it."
Mrs. Mary Anne Keeley, whose ninetieth
birthday was recently celebrated in London,
is the last person living who sang in the fir«t
performance of Weber's "Oberon," in April,
1826, and she is probably the only one alive
who saw the composer of the "Freischutz"
conduct his orchestra. The old lady is still
well and strong, and when she went to Wind
sor to receive the congratulations of the
Queen she proved to be the more active of the
two, though Victoria is fourteen years her
junior.
The opera comique, "Panurge," music by
Planquette, is eaid to be neither ingenious",
logical, nor amusing. The composer, accord
ing to the Progres Artistique, copied from a
varied repertoire, extending from "The Bells
of Corneville" to the Wapner music dramas.
A song, "Je suis Cocolati, Coeolati," is sung to
the second period of the tirst motive of the
vorspeil in the "Mcistersinger. "
Bally Soldeiie, well known in this country
as a sometime famous burlesque actress and
singer, is now in Australia, where ,«he is doing
newspaper work, and acting as musical critic.
She Will shortly issue a volume of reminis
cences, which will no doubt prove highly in
teresting.
Harry B. Smith, Reginald de Koven's
librettist, has a younger brother who also has
a taste for libretto writing. He has lately
finished the book for an opera to be called ''The
Shah of Persia."
A remarkable violoncello virtuoso, Jefte
Sholci, has died suddenly at Florence. For
thirty years he was professor in the musical
institute of the town, and it was in the insti
tute that he was struck down with a sudden
illness from whicn he expired in a few hours.
A new opera in four acts, entitled "Iledy,"
and founded on Byron's "Don Juan," has been
produced with great success at Prague. The
libretto is by Frnu Agnes Sehulz and the music
by M. Z. Fibich.
The full name of Chevalier, the London
music-hall singer, is Albert Onesimo Brittani
cus Gwathveoye Louis Chevalier. It would
make a good yell for a Welsh college.
A new operetta, "Madame Sans Gene," by
Dloueki and Weroni, has just achieved a bril
liant success at Moscow.
Mescagui is about to start a musical papor in
Milan.
CURRENT FUN.
The look on any married woman's face
should convince the girls that the men are not
worth the exertion necessary to catch one.—
Atchison Globe.
When a man starts in to drown his troubles
he generally acts as if he thought they were
located in his stomach. — Somerville Journal.
"Miss Bobleigh said she dreamed of me,"
said Willie Washington.
"Indeed? "
"Yes. And she also says that's the last mince
pie she's ever going to touch."— Washington
Star.
"Mme. Hulda does not sing as well as she did
three years ago."
"She does not. What a shock it must be
when a singer discovers that she has lost her
voice."
"It is still more shocking when she does not
discover it."— Fliegende Blaetter.
The hypnotist smiled confidently. "Yes,"
6aid he, "by making a few passes I can cause'a
man to go to any part of the city I choose."
"ll'ml" said the railroad magnate, "1 can do
the same thing nnd send a man clear from
here to San Francisco."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"I say," said one British official, "what 11 ive
do with'this remote little country of ours. It
isn't much good ns it lies."
"Oil," was the reply, "just put one of our
patented indiarubber boundary linos around
it, and let it be awhile."— Washington Post.
He— What would you think, dear, if I should
aay you were a harp with a thousand strings?
She— l should think, love, that you were a
lyre. -Town and Country_Journal.
In the South Sen.— "Snrely you remember Mr.
Twaddles, who preached the gospel to your
tribe ten years ago?"
"Oh, yes! I remember him well. He was
delicious."— Life.
"No man," said the Cheerful Idiot, "is ever
more than hall right."
•Oh, come now,' began the new boarder.
'•The other half," continued the Cheerful
Idiot, "is left."— lndianapolis Journal.
He— Nice dog— very. Have you taught It any
new tricks since 1 was here last?
She (sweetly)— Yes; It will fetch your hat if
you whistle.— London Tit-JSits.
Dukane— l don't believe that man knows
beans.
Gaswell— That man not know beans! Why,
: Is Mr. Emerson Kackbay of Boston.—Pitts
burg Chronicle Telegraph.
Molasses buttercups, 25c lb. Townsends.
SrEciAL information unily to manufacturer,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
Invitation?, announcements and visiting
cards printed and engraved. The best paper
made, workmanship perfect, styles correct and
prices absolutely fair, ganborn. Vail & Co. *
For men whose natures have been expanded
by social pleasures Argonaut whisky is made,
and it is by these that Argonaut la used. It H
a gentleman's drink, tne conscientious product
of distillers who know that In orier t.> main
tain a high reputation for a particular artic'o
they cannot afford to turn out any but a pur.-,
wholesome and beneficial whisky. The tact
that physicians prescribe it is si: ih'cient to in
dicate its quality. E. Martin & Co., 411 Mnr
ket street.
During the reigns of the first ten Csesars
no Unman citizen below the rank of knight
might wear a goltl ring except by permis
sion of the Emperor.
Eufckatism is caused by lactic acid In the blood
It appears as lameness In the back or stiffness in
the arms and limbs. Neutralize the lactic acid by
purifying the blood by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla.
— — •
CHICAGO LIMITKD.
VIA SANTA FE KOUTE,
A new train throughout begins October 29.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule recllutn?
chair cars and dinlnß-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annex
cars on sharp connection for Denver an 1 St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker than ttis
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe has bean
put in fine physical condition ana Is now the ba«
transcontinental railway.
Wk recommend tho use of Dr. Bir>Kert'9 Angos
tura Bitters to our friends who suffer with dyspep
sia.
"Brown's Bronchial Thocuks" are of great
service in subduing Hoarseness and Coughs.
Sold only in boxes. Avoid Imitations.
NEW TO-DAY.
Some of the
"Good Things"
That are "going for a song" at
our JANUARY CLEARANCE
SALE. Big, deep cuts in every
department at both stores. At
Market-street store best Dress
Goods Bargains in city. Don't
take our "say-so." See the
goods and be convinced.
Dress Silks.
FIGURED TAFFETA SILKS, for waists or
dresses: choice winter styles; were Hoc;
January clearance price 6Oc Yard
BLACK GROS DE LOXDRES Dress Silks,
all silk, fast dye, extra quality the 81 grade;
clearance price 7Oc Yard
FANCY BROCADED SATIN DUCHESS,
one of the handsomest dress silks made:
choice colors and patterns; reduced from
$1 25 to 70c Yard
Madras Tidies.
MADRAS TIDIES, silk striped, wiae colored
borders, knotted fringe ends, size 18x51
Inches; very pretty; were 35c ; January
clearance price is c Each
Tinted Tea Cloths.
TINTED COVERS, 36 Inches square, made
of line chess cloth, worth 60c a yard; such
patterns as climatls, chrysanthemums, pop-
pies, etc. ; were 76c; clearance price 4O Each
Hemstitched Squares.
For pillows, shams, tea cloths or center
pieces; sizes, 24, 27 and 30 Inches; stamped
in many different flower patterns; now half
Price 25c Each
Embroidered Duck
Table Covers.
36 inches square, tinted and embroidered
fringed with linen; were 75c; January clear-
ance price 55 C Each
Dotted Curtain Swiss.
Three fine grades, all white swiss, various
sizes, coin dots—
30 Inches, worth 25c XRc Yard
45 Inches, worth 40c •>-.„ Yard
50 inches, worth 50c 30c Yard
Curtain Nettings.
Full 50 Inches wide, ecru color, m attractive
fish-net designs: special price.... 2 5c Yard
Other grades— 40c and 50c.
Curtain Scrims.
Beautiful new designs, with colored open
work striped width, 40 Inches: same sra.te
last season 20cyaia; price now 13 y 3 c Yard
Gobelin Drapery.
A new art drapery, net unlike cretonne, full
yard wide, in beautiful art designs and color
effects; makers say it won't, fade and wears
like iron; instead of 25c wesay..2oo Yard
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
1220- 1222- 1224 MARKET ST.
/'jti Thursday, Jan. 9th.
| Men's Driving Gloves, to-
I J day 50 cts. for $1.50 kind.
IJ| Modern merchandising
m in Clothing Department
I <>JmplPte lists fit your command'
j| gest De P a «mt!nt .--tore.
% Smiths 1 Cash Store,
■** 414,416, 418 FRONT st., S. F.JANTJABY 9, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
; .ivTv.v TnrjkTKß.-'-Daupbtersof Eve."
California THI v rKB- " Hamlet."
Colvxbia TnF.AT>:i'.— "The !,">■ Paradise."
Morosco's OPKHA-norsK— "The Fugitive"
Tivoi.i(h«kra-Uol-bk.— "lxion:or, The Man of
the Whtel."
Oni'HErM.— inch-Class Vaudeville.
i RovMTa Air*JAi!.-"My Precious Baby."
fi-roTTFr CnrTES— Daily at Uaighi street
€»«■ Llock cast of the Park.
i'AciKicCoAST Jookky Ci.un.— Races to-day.
I:av Dietbict.Tsack.— Kacea.
AUCTION SALES.
By John H. Fkknch.— This <mv (Thursday),
Watches, Jewelry, etc., at 221 Montgomery st.,
a: 10:30 a. m.
By Yon Khkik Co.— Thrusdav. January 16,
Betil Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
The eoiicstrian fad inaugurated by the local
\-my is preparing to open a
Chinatown branch.
md freiirht rates are to go
i I
Prank 11. Kerrisrnn was elected Presiding
Peace y<. -terday.
<-ohoo! in the Y. M. C. A.
■ !■.= ('[Kjr.o'J yesterday.
1 aloftbe Ins-lt-Mtio suspects wa? con-
Judge Low yesterday.
• I w as no new developments yesterday in
I ■- ry on the Nevada Bank.
their annual
lay :n Masonic 1 i
Q Thornton has been allowed $500
- -i rvicea In the employ of I. G. W
(■ham.
A \nr>:-- Beet ol deep-water vessels crowded
Into port last night— two American and niue
British.
tal election of ofticprs of the Pan
ico Fr-.iit and Flower Mission was held
. lay.
The poolrooms will pet no rmation
from the Ingleside trai :; to go
-day.
y ffr the Prevention of Cruelty to
a :-•-'. case for
dockii
The annui i ■■ Society for the
iiiren was held
my in the '
Frederick C. Hensley, a bookkeeper living in
Ban Rafael /■was arrested yesterday on a ■war
rant charging- him with bigamy.
Railroad Commissioner I. a line introduces
vit in the Injunction
I era Pacific.
"Tnr« with
showp ty'a weather
-< official bni
- ■ the Bay I>is;rict track
cendo,
amel and Hymn.
Ingleside track reopens to-day with a great
card of running events. The fair sex will be
a knitted tree 01 charge, it being ladies' day.
I the City and I • '^mpel
■ ■ Brien to account
. 74 was in court ycMer-
I o school district,
dons denouncing
- trustees niui requesting him to re
i
rilliant studio mv.slfHle and reception
■ a Lasl night by Mr. and Mrs. Chris
:. honor of \V. J. Batcnelder and his
■ arrested Font downdown pool
sterdayand will continue arrei-tins:
ong as tlity i>crsi>t in keeping their
lia Howie was drinking yesterday
y for the Prevention of
.ron sent her iiilant to the
■
The Public Administrator has applied for
- of Bdministrati< n over the estate of
:. place of J. B. Fargo, who
The Butchers' Board of Trade re-elects its old
officers and decides to ask the Board of Health
to lielp< jrnoko the .Supervisors put Jiatcheriown
in a sanitary condition.
Hiehard Dixon, who was put off a Powell
street tar on December 3, htis commenced suit
against the Market-street Railway Company to
recover i? 5000 damages.
The Board of Education has demanded an
tigation of the charge made against it
by the ■ md Jury at the hands of the
. body.
George A. Knight took Charles Fair's yacht
-:de the heads yesterday for a trial
■ [actorily and don
will be Erom the builder.
• • a !'.. Forbes of the Mutual Life Tn
pany makes an explanation of the
• y appeal, which throws Borne light on
the time-i;:..it phase of insurance.
• -nl committee of the brotherhood
America has de
■ advance tunda for the formation of
unions ail along the coast.
W. v.\ * lark and T. W. Brown were charged
at the the former with
forgery and vagrancy and the latter with car
r\ ing a concealed weapon and vagrancy.
■ :nmittee from the South Pide Improve
ment < lob will to-day ask the Street Commit
•he Board of Supervisors to appropriate
~-u 000 to pave Folcom street with bitumen.
Eugene F. Beam«, alias De Beers, who
elored with Matte < ole several weeks ago
from Delano, Kern County, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging him with abduc
tion.
am John D. Winter was arrested by the
nl authorities yesterday for alleged
cniel'y to tt <>f the American ship
M. I*. «irace, which arrived from New York
1 aesday.
the voynjre of the American ship
Edward O'Brien, which arrived yesterday from
N<-w York. Thomas Dent, a seaman, died of
failure. He was a native of England,
uecd 50 years.
.e«e have incorporated the Tlnn Yee
Kong Sow Benevolent Association of Low
encourage matrimony,
e.iing of children, give hick benefit 3 and
learn American ways.
The will of J. G. Wittimelcr was admitted to .
probate yesterday. It has twice been under;
contest, and been sustained by a jury. The
order of admittance was made by Judge* Coffey '
in pursuance of the verdict of the jury.
Mayor Batro of this City, Mayor Davie of '
Oakland and Mayor Boggs of Stockton will I
meet in the office of the flrst named to-day to
forniulßte a call for a Slate convention to pro- i
test against the passage of the funding bill.
The British ship Roderick Dim, which arrived '
from Liverpool last night, reports a stormy and
hazardous voyage. On November 2 Second
Officer Gerald Bcott Coney was lost overboard
daring a furioos gale. He was a native of
£11 gland, aged 20 years.
William Smith and Robert Powell, who I
broke into the residence of Mrs. Joseph Nass, I
3100 Pacific avenue, and stole about $1000 •
worth of jewelry, were yesterday held by i
Judge Conlan to answer before the Superior >
Court in $5000 bonds each. j
The committee of fifty met yesterday and
adopted unanimously a memorial to Congress
: ./ ::.■• f idling bill advocated by <J. P.
■ • Steps were also taken t"o raise
00 at once to defray the expenses of men
. ict the tight at Washington.
States District Judge Morrow, in a!
■terday, declare. i the rightof the!
Court to limit the liability of the
iws, owners of the Bampt
lue of their schooner in the Baker and I
$50,000 damage suits. The schooner,
□ loading the wrecked tteamer Cltv of
■irk in January. L 894, became wrecked
und seaman decree. Baktr and James
■• their lives. The suits were first ,
brought in the State court.
A Drunken Mother.
Joe a young mechanic, went to the
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren y. Bterdfty, witha neglected three-months
olil infant in his ax
Ho. >ni(l thtit the mother, Julia Howe, who
a :«» of the l-vlsring-house at the
Mi corner of Howard and Third Rtreeta,
; .--hlooii drinking, and that forthelaat
few <iny> ibe had been entirely neglecting the
baby. s< eerine, who admitted he was notinar
ried to Julia Howe, he was the father of
tfa« child and waa willing to pay a small sum
ttenance. The little one, who wss
born three montha ajjolii the County Jail, was
by tbe officers of the society to the Shel
tering Arms.
. * »
St. Patrick's Alliance.
At a meeting of the St. Patrick's Mutual Alli
ance Association Monday evening the follow
ing officers were Installed: President, Thomas
P. AH' ■ first vice-president, Patrick Rooney;
second vice-president, Jeremiah Griffin; re
cording secretary, Hugh F. Keon ; linancial |
tiecreturv, >:. j. Gorman; correspondingsecre
tary, John F. Quale ; treasurer, John Moore.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Successful Trial Trip of the Tank
Oil Steamer George
Loomis.
ACCIDENTS ON THE BOSTON.
River Steamers Delayed on Account
of the Low Waters of the
. San Joaquin.
The tank steamer George Loomis had
her trial trip on the bay yesterday and it
proved a genuine success. Oil was used as
fuel and ir generated more steam than the
engines could use.
As the steamer is to carry oil between
Ventura and here the insurance men are
naturally interested in her, so the follow
ing went out on the trial trip: Captain
Bruce of the Fireman's Fund, A. Watson
acd E. Alexander of the Canton, Captain
Reid of the New Zealand, H. Durbraw of
La Foncier and Fred Butler of the West
ern i Companies. Captain J. 11.
Metcalf of Lloyds, who supervised the con
st ruction cf the vessel; Ex-Senator Charles
Felton, wno is interested in the oil wells,
and Morris Bates of the Commercial News
were also present.
lUr George Loomis is 175 feet long. 27
feet 6 inches broad and 17 feet deep. Her
gross tonnace is 691, while her net is only
402 tons. Her tanks are all amidship and
divided into six compartments. Coffer
dams are placed at each end of tho tanks
so as to obviate any possibility of danger.
The arrangements are Mich that the \
can be loaded and unloaded in sixteen
hours. She can carry 8000 barrels of oil
and her average speed will be about nine
knots. The insurance men were well
pleased with the trial ol the vessel.
There was a chapter of accidents on the
United States cruiser Boston yesterday.
Three men were over the side touching up
the paint when one of them partly lost his
hold, and in efforts to save himself tipped
himself and companions into the bay.
A Doat was immediately called away, but
in the hurry and excitement another acci
dent happened. One of the davits fell, and
in doing so struck Edward Launders to tiie
deck, breaking his leg just above the knee.
Another boat was ordered away and the
men were rescued.
Launtiers was taken to the sick bay,
where his leg was set, after which lie u;;3
brought ashore and sent to the>farelsl
and Hospital on ths steamer Monticello.
Launders' ies* is very badly broken and
the chances are that he will be a cripple
for life. The Boston has only just pot out
of the drydock, after a thorough overhaul
ing. Just how her davits came to be
o at of order when they were most needed
is therefore a mystery*
The tian Joaquin River is lower than it
has been for years and the steamer cap
tains find it almost impossible to make
time. If they do not stick atone point
they do at another, and when San Fran
cisco i.~ reached the vessel is generally sev
eral hours late. Yesterday it was noon
before the Dauntless got in" and the J. D.
Peters was twelve hours later. The latter
stuck at Croziers Landing, which is only a
short distance from Stockton, so many of
the passengers got ashore and walked back
to the town. They then came on to the
• 'ity by train. At 3 p. m. yesterday the
Peters had only reached Boukien [aland,
so it will be midnight before she gets in.
As there was no steamer of the Califor
nia Navigation and Improvement Com
pany on hand to take the place of the J.
D. Peters the opposition had it all its own
way. The Dauntless went out crowded,
even though quite a number of people pre
ferred to await the Peters. Those who
came down on the latter steamer were well
treated by the company.
Freight carriers for coal are scarce and
consequently charters have advanced 5
cents a ton. Th<; first to secure the ad
vance is the American shij> Levi S. Bur
gess. A number of other ships are being
negotiated for and the chances are that
tho advance rate will rule between here
and the Puget Sound coal mines for the
remainder of the winter.
The British ship City of Florence arrived
at Antwerp yesterday after a very lone
passage. She" left Vancouver. R. C. July
it last, and at one time 9 per cent reinsur
ance was raid on her. The gamblers are
therefore happy over her safe arrival.
The British thip Hollinwood from New
castle, N. S. W., for San Francisco will
have to discharge her cargo. About a
week ago she put into Lyttieton, New
Zealand, with lier cargo heated. Since
then lire has broken out, so the coal will
have to be unloaded to save the ship.
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
American ship Elwell. Bixty-seven days
from Newcastle, N. S. W. When here last
the Elwell was sold to W. Miles and added
to his fleet, composed of the Wilna, Gen
eral Fairchild and others. The chances
are that she will be put in the coasting
trade.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Mexico will only make another trip
to San Diego. On the 18th inst. she
will be succeeded by the Corona, and then
go into retirement at Sausalito.
Owing to the large quantity of freight
offering at the $1 a ton rate the steamer
South Coast will not be able to get away
until to-morrow at 2p. m. On her way to
Portland the will call at Humboldt Bay,
Coos Bay and Astoria. In connection
with this Oregon fight the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company's George W.
Eider left Portland yesterday. She has a
full cargo, the greater portion of which is
oil.
The barkentine Modoc, winch bad such
a rough experience on her trip to San
Francisco, has lost her Shanghai charter.
The repairs to her hull and topharupe,r
wiil take so long that the charterers could
not wait for her. She will accordingly go
to Port Elakeley and load lumber for
Guaymas. While the barkenline was on
her way here Captain Munson, late of the
schooner Annie Lee, bought a live-six
teenths interest in her, and will go out as
master, Captain Uoesch retiring. Munson
is very much chagrined over the fact that
he will have to pay his share of the re
pairs over and above the $3000 he paid for
his interest.
Captain Waliis of the steamer Walla
Walla will not be seen on his tine vessel
for several trips to come. He has been
selected by the California Harbor of
Master Mariners to represent them at the
annual conference of the harbors in the
United States, to be held in the East next
month. Captain Waliis will take his
vessel to the Sound, and from Seattle he
will go overland via the Northern Pacific.
Captain Carrol, who is now in Alaska, will
eventually assume temporary command,
but, as lie may not be ab.'e to join the
steamer on the Hound, Captain Gage, one
of the Port Wardens, will go up with Cap
tain Waliis, and, if necessary, bring the
Walla Walla back to San Francisco. Cap
tain Waliis is one of the most popular
masters sailing in and out of this port, and
he will be missed even during his short
sojourn in the East.
The steamer Washtenaw of the Panama
Railway line is not expected here before the
Ist of next month. Strange to say, she is
calling at all the way ports, and is said to
be loading freight for tho Pacihc Mail. As
the hatchet is now buried, the railroad
company probably thinks there is no harm
in earning an honest penny by means of
the steamer.
AN OFFICER LOST AT SEA.
Washed Overboard From the Rod
erick Dhu During a Heavy
Gale-Many Ships Arrive.
The British ship Roderick Dhn, Captain
Howe, arrived last night, 150 days from
Liverpool. In the Atlantic she crossed
the equator September 20, forty days|out,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
in longitude 27 deg. west. From latitude
30 deg. south, longitude 40 dog. west, to
latitude 40 deg. south, longitude r>2 deg.
west, for twelve days she had a succession
of furious gales from tho southwest with a
high sea. The ship rolled heavily, shift
ing the cargo between decks, which gave
the vessel a heavy list.
The seas, having a clean sweep against
the submerged bulwarks, damaged them
considerably. The deckhouses were badly
battered by the great waves that incen
saritly broke over them.
The high gales continued clear around
Cape Horn, with thick and exceedingly
cold weather and blinding storms of snow.
On October 28 the Roderick Dhu su-hted
several large icebergs about live miles to
the southward and a number of pieces of
ice awash floating near the ship.
October 30 another furious gale broke
over the ship with tremendous seas. While
the vessel was labonng heavily Second
Officer Gerald Rcott Coney lost bis footing
on the poopdeck and in "an instant was
washed overboard. He was dashed up un
der the ship's counter and apparently had
been injured by striking against the hull.
Lines and a lifebuoy were thrown to him,
but he appeared to be unable to help him
self.
The hapless man was dashed here and
there in tho broken water around the
vessel's counter, every effort being made
for his rescue. Although it was extremely
improbable that a boat could live in that
sea, an attempt was made to launch one
of the cutters. The wild pitching of the
ship made this impossible, ana before the
boat was cut loose from ihe slings, a
heavier aea than usual broke over the
vessel and the unfortunate officer, and he
was seen no more.
He was a native of Warwickshire, Eng
land, aged 20 years, and a member of the
Royal Naval Keserve.
The remainder of the voyage was a suc
cession of fresh gales and light airs.
The American ship Edward O'Brien,
MISS OZA WALPROP, TV'UO WAS HIKT BY A I>OW£LL - STREET CAR.
[From a photograph.]
Captain Oliver, came in last evening, 144
days from Swansea. November 2, in lati
tude o* deg. 5 rain, south, and longitude Git
deg. 40 mm. west, Thoiias Dent, a native of
Swansea, England, aged 50 years, died of
heart failure and was buried at sea.
The British ship Andrinn, Captain
Smith, arrived off this port, 157 days from
Gralvestoo, Tex. She was spoken by an
agent on the pilot-boat and ordered to
Port Townsend, for which place she sailed.
The British ship Ellisland, Captain Gar
riock, came in, 119 days from Swansea.
with ;i">ol tons of coal. On December 31
Abraham Baker, seaman, a native of Eng
land, aged 4»j years, died from natural
causes, and was buried at sea.
The British bark Glenbank, Captain
Leonard, arrived last night, 158 days from
Swansea, with 2L'4(i tons of coal and 250
tons of coke.
The British ship The Hahnemann,
Captain Neuron, came into port last
evening, 100 days from Hamburg. Her
charter expired December 31.
The American bark Fresno, Captain At
wood, arrived, 97 days from Newcastle,
N. S. W. She experienced light winds
and calms all the passage, and for twelve
days lay becalmed a few hundred miles
from this port.
The British ship Moel Tryvan. Captain
Jones, arrived, 150 days from Dunkirk,
and the British ship Samaritan, 1 11 days
from Hamburg. On September 27 John
Linguist, seaman, a native of Sweden, aged
24 years, fell overboard from the rail, and
was drowned.
This fleet, with the American ship El
well, sixty-seven days from Sydney, and
the British ship City of Florence from
Antwerp, which arrived in the morning,
makes lifteen deep-water vessels arriving
yesterday.
O'BRIEN ON TRIAL.
The Ex-Tax Collector Appears In. Court
With Jf is ISook«.
The case against Thomas O'Brien, the
Tax Collector, to compel him to account
fora shortage of ?5828 74, was before Judge
Dougherty of Santa Rosa yesterday.
Judge Daingerfield has changed benches
with Judge Dougherty in order to try a
case in which Judge Dougherty is disquali
fied.
The day was consumed in taking testi
mony on the method of keeping the books
in the Tax Collector's office and in tracing
various items from the original payment
by the taxpayer through the hands of the
clerks and into the treasury. The plea of
the defense was that in the system of entry
and checking off many items were marked
paid which, in fact, were never paid, and
as a consequence the amount of money
turned in for the fiscal year of 1892 and
1893 was less by $5828 74 than the amount
the books cailed for, although it did rep
resent the actual amount received.
Three of the Tax Collector's books were
lost during O'Brien's administration, and
this will complicate matters a good deal,
but before the trial is over the court will
have canvassed every item of the year in
which the shortage appeared.
Lust of an Old Company.
J. B. Haggin, Lloyd Tevis and Henry Wads
worth, stockholders of the dissolved c^an Fran
cisco and Point hobos Road Company, have
petitioned the Superior Court for permission
to divide the proceeds of the sale of the com
pany's property among the shareholders. The
land belonging to the company sold for $34 -
--4'2S, and after all expenses and outstanding
claims had been satisfied, there was left $25 -
013 57. This the petitioners wished distrib
uted.
The picture and framing department of San
born, Vail & i'o. were big busy stores in them
selves during December. Medallion pictures,
line photographs ot the latest paintings, new
moldings and pretty frames for card, cabinet
and boudoir pictures were admired by all. The
stock of these xood.s will be kept complete dur
ing the coming year. Visitors in this depart
ment welcome to come and see the new things
at all times. •
MISS WALDROP TO SUE
She Cannot Get Her Claim Set
tled, She Says, in Any
Other Way.
VICTIM OF A STREETCAR.
Byron Waters' Corrugated Brow and
Severe Words When the Young
Lady Called on Him.
Whether the Southern Pacific Company
will settle an obligation which Miss Oza
Waldrop of Healdsburg and her friends
say is due her is a matter which the
young lady has for some time been wait
ing to see.
Now she has engaged a lawyer.
She was hurt December 12 last by a
Powell-street car at the junction of Powell
and Pine streets. Besides this, and
owing to the injury, she lost her position,
which she had secured after much effort,
with the Golden Rule Bazaar.
Hincc then she has been under continued
expense. Her board and doctor's bills
have been running up, and she cannot
again get a position. So it is very hard,
and the future looks dark for the young
girl, whose parents reside in Healdsburg.
They are not wealthy.
Miss Waldrop is quite prepossessing,
and but 19 years old. She has brothers,
but they are all small.
Byron Waters, the attorney for the
claims department of the Southern Pacific,
looked his savagest when the girl went
into his otlice a day or two ago and re
counted her injury and the trouble that
nad followed. His brow grew corrugated
and he really seemed to feel that if he
made compensation for the injury which
tne ' lady told she had sustained the
Southern Pacific would be in the hands
of a receiver and Mr. HuntingtOD have to
move out of his new marble mansion.
It was a very cloudy day indeed for Mr.
Water?, according to all accounts. There
was not a rift in the lute.
"He told me." said Miss Waldrop, who
is now at the American Exchange Hotel,
"that he didn't believe I was hurt at all;
that I was just trying to make him and
other people believe I was.
"I was hurt though, and very bad. This
scar over my eye, where I fell, has healed,
but my back, which was wrenched severely,
still hurts me. I went to the Southern
Pacific people to see what they would do.
"I came up from my home in Healds
burg, because I had to do something to
maintain myself. After much effort, I
finally got this position with the Golden
Rule Bazaar.
"On December 12, after I had secured it
and was getting ready to go to work, I
started to take a Powell-street car from
Pine. As I arrived at the junction there
was no car in sight, and I waited. It was
9:4") a. m. Car 405 phot down the hill
toward me, stopped, and I got on.
"That is, I got one foot on when the car
started, and I was knocked off and dragged
several feet. I was very severely bruised,
being hurt so much that I could not take
my position, and had to put myself under
a doctor's care. Since I have got better I
cannot get a position.
"L must do something. It is very neces
sary.
"I didn't know at first that any one
would come forward and sustain me in my
statements to the Southern Pacific Com
pany, a3 aeainst what the conductor said,
but in the last day or two five or six per
sons, most of the passengers on the car,
have come to me and offered to be wit
nesses for me.
"One of them just left here a few mo
ments ago. He had heard I was here and
called to see mo.
"All these witnesses know the circum
stances of my being hurt, and that it was
owing to the carelessness of the employes.
They will support me in the suit which, as
it appears now, I will be forced to bring. JI
Attorney W. M. Richardson baa been
engaged to conduct her case.
THEIR ANNUAL MEETING.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children Elects Officers.
The annual meeting of the Society for
the .Prevention of Cruelty to Children was
held yesterday afternoon at the headquar
ters of the society in the Donohoe build
ing. The president, Charles Sonntag, was
in the chair.
The report of General John McComb,
the secretary, showed that the society's
oflicers had had more than the usual
amount of work to do during the past year.
The number of complaints received was
1339; number of cases investigated, 1270;
number of prosecutions, 524, and of con
victions, 294. Four hundred ana eighty -
NEW TO-DAY.
G" Pure and Sure."
m% Mi fiC ! 1\- %i '■' ; B^£s%w ff) IF R^
Only rounded spoonfuls are required — not heaping spoonfuls.
one children had been placed in institu
tions and 161 returned to parents and
guardians. The total membership of the
society is 263.
The following officers were elected:
President, Charles Ponntag ; vice-presidents—
Andrew B. McCreery. Lloyd Tevifl, James B.
Haggin, Alvinza Hayward.'n. 0. Mills, Oliver
Eldridge, William F. Whitticr, John P.Jack
son, George C. Perkins, Alexander Boyd, Lev!
Strauss, John 1). Thompson, Tbomaa Magee, L.
11. Sweeney, Jacoli Z. Davis, \V. B. Bourn,
Henry L. Dodge, William M. Pierson, K. A.
Ilihn, A. K. P. Htrmon; board of directors—
Charles Sonntaß, Gilbert Palacbe, A. Roman,
Spencer C. Buckbee, B. P. Flint, I. T. Milliken,
Clinton E. Word en, Jacob E. Davis, J. E.
Shoobert, Horatio Beveridge, George A. New
hall; secretary, John McComb; treasurer,
George A. New-hall.
The total receipts for the year amounted
to $13:33, total dis basements $3004.
THE KING ESTATE.
A Complication of Contests Seeing to Be
Impending.
Public Administrator Freese has applied
for letters of administration over the estate
of Cornelius King, who died in an insane
asylum leaving .$250,000. By his will the
property was bequeathed to the children
of his deceased brother, but a contest was
begun by some of his step-brothers and
step-sisters in Ireland. They aliened in
sanity as a cause for setting aside the will,
although it was executed lour years before
Kinj; died.
James B. Fargo, the former administra
tor of ttie King estate, died last Sunday,
ami since then" the heirs under the will,
Daniel and Charles King, have petitioned
for letters of administration. The con
testing heirs are opposing this, and so the
put>lic administrator's petition has fol
lowed.
THE FEE BILL OF 1895
Proceedings Instituted to Test
the Application of
the Act.
Peremptory Writ cf Mandate to Compel
County Clerk Curry to File
Certain Papers.
The right under the law for the County
Clerk to exact certain fees for the filing of
papers, as provided lor in what is known
as the fee bill of 1895, will soon be finally
determined.
In a proceeding entitled Henry Miller,
Bernard Horn, diaries E. Chipman, J. G.
James Si Co. and 11. A. Jones vs. Charles
P. Curry, County-Clerk, it is set forth that
on October 31, 1895, in an action pending
in which J>, J. Tally was plaintiff and
the present plaintiffs were defendant.--, the
present plaintiffs delivered to County
Clerk Curry on that day an answer, and
THE LATE CAPTAIN LEVI HANNAH, ONE OF THE BEST - KNOWN AND
BEST • LIKED MASTERS ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
[From a photograph.]
demanded its riling. Prior to that time
they had not filed any papers in the case.
The County Clerk refused to receive and
file the paper unless a tee of $2 was paid.
Plaintiffs refused to pay the fee, and the
paper has nor been filed.
It is contended that it was the duty of
the County Clerk to lile the paper, as the
law prescribed no fee for the filing, and
that no had no authority of Jaw for de
manding a fee. The plaintiffs therefore
ask for a peremptory writ of mandate to
compel County Clerk Curry to tile the
paper.
Argument will be heard next Friday be
fore Judge Seawcll, Department 1 of the
Superior Court. It is contended by the
plaintiffs that the act of ISfJtJ fixing the
fees of County Clerks is still in for©
cept as affected by amendments of 1893
and 1895. The plaintiffs hold that tne law
of 1893 is unconstitutional, and therefore
the main question to be decided is whether
the act of 18t>0 is repealed by the act of
1895. The court will be called upon to
construe the meaning of the constitution
in its reference to counties and cities and
counties.
It is understood that Mr. Curry, the
County Clerk, will not interpose technical
objections, but will consent, through his
counsel, Messrs. Delmas <fc Shortridge. to a
full submission of the cause, to the end
that the controversy may be settled once
and for all.
The County Clerk was advised by the
City and County Attorney that he (Curry)
had no power to pas* upon the constitu
tionality of the act of 189") ; but, on the con
trary, it was his duty to be guided by that
law until otherwise directed by the court.
For the convenience of lawyers and liti
gants, and for the knowledge to guide him
to the proper conduct of the affairs of the
oftice of County Clerk, Mr. Curry desires
that all the points in dispute shall be adju
dicated.
Dr. Morris, Dentist, hns removed to the
Phelan Building, rooms 30, 32 and 34. *
CAPTAIN HANNAH DEAD.
Served Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Almost Continuously for
Twenty-Five Years.
NEVER HAD AN ACCIDENT.
He Was a Skillful Navigator and Very
Popular With the Traveling
Public.
Captain Levi Hannah passed away at his
residence, 22(i>£ Oak street, at an early
hour yesterday morning. He was one of
the best known and most popular masters
on the Pacific Coast, and he was about the i
only one of whom it could be said that
during his twenty-five years of continual
command in all classes of vessels he never
had an accident.
During his busy life he was master of
vessels in the Alaska and Puget Sound
trade, and ran to every port between Flat
tery and San Francisco. On the southern j
coast he several times took vessels to the
Gulf of California and Mexican ports, and
he knew every bay and inlet from San
Diego up thoroughly. He was a great
favorite with the traveling public, and
any one who once made a passage with
him was eager for another. When Goodall.
Perkins & Co. started running an excur- i
sion steamer to Santa Cruz and Monterey
the steamer Pomona, with Captain Han
nah in command, was chosen for the route.
The venture was a Buccess, and they have
been continued yearly over since.
In the year 1870 Captain Hannah was in
command of Davis & Cowell's schooner
Albert Adams, running in the Santa Cruz |
trade. Lime nearly always formed her i
1 cargo, and there was considerable opposi-
I tion even in those days. Goodall, Nelson
I & Perkins purchased the steamer Liberty
| and offered the command to Hannah, and
he accepted. From that time dated his
connection with the rirni now so well \
known as Goodall, Perkins & Co.
While he was master of the Fidelity the I
United States Government decided to blow i
up Noonday Bock. A jjoud steamer and a
competent man were required to do the '.
j work, and after looking around Hannah
was selected. He blew up the rock with
dynamite ana made an excellent job
of it. "While successful in this in-
Btance, on another occasion the cap- j
tain nearly lost his life by dynamite.
He ■was a j avenger on an excursion
steamer that had gone out to the Catalina
Islands. The master of the vessel wanted j
' to show how many fLsh could be killed by i
a discharge of dynamite. He lit the fnse
and prepared to throw the stick into the
water, when it fell out of his hand into
the cabin. The result was a big hole in
her stern and the narrow escape of all on
board.
After leaving the Fidelity Captain Han
nah was in command at different times of
the steamers Eureka, Gypsy, Los Angeles,
Alexander Duncan, Newport (now a
whaler), Senator (now a hulk in Auckland,
N. Z.) and latterly the I'omona. iie was
55 years of age, and leaves a widow and
family. At one time he lived at Santa
Cruz, and he owns some property there.
The funeral service will take place this
morning and the remains will then be
taken to Santa Cruz for interment. The
pall-ljearers will be selected from among
the oldest employes of the Pacilic Coast
Steamship Company.
All the flags along the front, were at half
mast out of rospect to the memory of the
deceased master, and all the vessels of the
fleet will go out with them at halfmast to
morrow.
TRACKING THE FORGER.
Did Dma Register at the Falace Hotel
on December 7 ?
So far as the police are concerned there
arc no new developments in regard to the
big forgery by A. H. Dean on the Nevada
Bank. Captain Lees is keeping the wires
busy, but whether he has got any trace of
the clever forger he will not say.
The forger had seventeen da>'9' clear
start, and by that time he could have
traveled by land and sea to the European
continent if he went in that direction.
On December 7 "Tom 11. Dean, Chicago,"
registered at the Palace Hotel. The hand
writing is larpe and flowing like the "A.
H. Dean" on the forged draft, and last
night Captain Lees ana Detective Seymour
took a tracing of the signatare from the
hotel register.
Detective Seymour said they were not
searching the register with that object, as
Dean had stopped at the Occidental Hotel
winie in the City, but it was significant
that they took a tracing of the Dean signa
ture.
Wheatstone, in K.i, calculated the velo
city of electricity to be 570,000 feet a sec
ond.
TTEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
%b* THEATRE <J p"R?
2 WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT OP
America's Representative Tragedian, MR,
LOUIS JAMES
And Ills Excellent Company in Repertory:
TO-NIGHT (Thursday) •
Friday and Saturday Ni^hta "AIACBETII"
Sat. Mat. and Sunday Night "VIKGINIUS"
Next "Week— Monday, .January 13,
Second and J.,;ist AV«-«-k of
MR. LOUIS JAMES
Monday and Thursday '■MARMIOX"
(First Time in San Francisco.)
Tuesday (by Re inest) "OTHELLO"
Wednesday and Sunday "MACBETH"
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee
"HOMED AM) JULIET"
-MR. JAMES asMKRCUTIO.
Saturday Night "HAMLET"
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
B»TM EATRE^I P({of>s.
EVERY NIGHT Tills WEEK,
INOI_iXJDI3STC3- SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
The Charming and Brilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Her Own Splendid Company
In A. K. Lancaster and Julian Magnus' Powerful
Emotional Drama,
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
NEXT WEEK— 2d AND I. VST OF
:m.a.:r,i:ei WAINWRIQHT
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday ana
Thursday Nights,
A Mugniflcent Revival of
"THIS LOVE CHASE"
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
'■CAMIIjLjE''
Saturday and Sunday Nighta,
"A.2ST XJ3STEQXJ A Xj ,v TOH"
SEATS BEAD'S TO-DAY.
MY PRECIOUS BABY
IN FOR A RUN.
I No wonder Grover'n Alcazar is Crowded.
It's the only comedy in the city, and far and
away the best ol the season.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Matinee prices— loc, 15c, 35c. No higher
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
rRiCDLAfIDL3.GOrn.OD « O>- mie aho n*iuor.Rj- • •
AOATN I PACKED
AGAIN I AS
OF YOKE, TO SEE THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
THE LOSTt' PARADISE.
Now Scenery! New Costumes!
SEATS — 15c, 3 5c, 50c and 75c.
Monday Next 'THE SENATOR"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Sirs. fcxmcarora Kuuxa Proprietor & -Uttaagsr
EVBRY^BVENINO-
~ THE SECOND EDITION (—
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Bur-
X lesque, X
I IXIOKT. i
0 NEW BONGS! 0
JT NEW DANCES! XT
_^ NEW LOCALISMS! I
NEW SPECIALTIES!
TUESDAY EVENING. .lANUAKY 14,
3 STH PERFORM mi:,
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mill* By Moonlight
and Realistic Shipwreck Scene.
KvKsrxa PKICU — 280 nn.l 503.
I Family Circle and Gallery. 10&
Usual Matinees Saturday ami Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton anl Pots!!.
Tremendous Success of Our New People.
ANOTHKK GREAT KILL!
6 NEW PEOPLE! 6
MASON AM) MEALY,
DELTORELLO BROTHERS,
DUCROW AND BUSH,
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
A Vli
A -MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
Bcaerved seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Opera cualrt
and Box seats. 60c. : -. ;
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN OK SIIINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. fl.
ADMISSION Sl.oo.
TAke Southern Facltic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. sc.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Misslon-strcei. electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SI'UECKELS, V,'. a LEAKS,
President. Secretary.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
DAILY FROM 1 TO 11 P. 3J.
(WEATKEK I'KK.Mrn i.\
HAIGHT BTRKKT, NEAR PARK.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (including a Mcrrj'-00-Kound Hide), 10c.
78
MISS OVERMAN IS WRITING A STATEMENT
Intimates That She Has a
Great Surprise in
Store.
DISLIKES MRS. DAVIDSON
The Deacons Unanimously Decide
to Stand by the Rev.
Dr. Brown.
THE AGED PRISONER'S RECORD.
Mrs. Tunnell Still Among the Missing.
It Is Denied That She Is in
Kings County.
Miss Overman, accused by Mrs. David
son of improper relations with D.-. Brown,
continues to preserve, in a measure p.t
least, that discreet silence which has char
acterized her course since she became an
inmate of th past* r"s home.
Heretofore she has occasionally burst
the chains which apparently surround
her, though this, has only been to deny in
a general way the many compromising
things that have been said about her. Oa
the one matter, however, in which she is
in«.st keenly interested she has maintained
a most sphinx-like silence.
With a view of securing an admission or
denial relative to the genuineness of the
now famou? "Tunnell letters," as pub
lished in The Call, a reporter called on
her yesterday at Dr. Brown's home, where
she continues to reside. The young lady
was cautious, cool and calculating in every
thing she said. Only once did she prow
excited, and that was when the name of
Mrs. Davidson was mentioned.
"Miss Overman, are you prepared to
make any statement concerning the letters
published yesterday over your signature
and addressed to Mrs. Tunnel!?' was
asked.
"I am not," replied Miss Overman.
"My attorneys wil! not allow me to dis
cuss the matter with outsiders."
"Will you say that you did not write
them? "
"I am not prepared to say anything
about them at all, and, what is more, I
will not. At the proper time, however, ]
will give a statement 'to the public which
will show there are two sides to every
situation. I can only repeat what I have
said before, and that is I have been hor
ribly misrepresented and misquoted since
the beginning of this dreadful affair.
And to think, too. it is all on account of a
design: ng old woman. She posed as a
Christian, yet see what she has done —
brought disgrace on everybody with whom
Bhecamein contact. But I must not dis
cuss this matter. At the proper time I
will tell my story and then leave it for the
public to determine whether I or the
woman on trial for blackmail has toid
the truth."
Miss Overman shows plainly the severe
mental strain which she has undergone
during the pa?t two weeks, fche has a
troubled weary look, that is only relieved
when her face lights up with anger or
hatred. A pparently she is deiiant of pub
lic opinion, though on the other hand she
avows her intention of catering to that
wavering quantity l> at the proper time."
Dr. Brown continues to deny himself to
all visitors, except those directly inter
ested in the case. He said yesterday that
in a few days he would probably make a
statement, but would do nothing in that
direction until after the preliminary hear
ing of the Davidson extortion suit. He is
reasonably cheerful under the heavy strain,
and is confident that the end wiil prove
him free of any wrongdoing.
Mrs. T:.nnell seems to be almost as
elusive as Mrs. Baddin. One day she is in
Oakland, and the next two or three hun
dred miles away. The only absolutely
certain thing about her is that she is in
biding.
Yesterday a telegram was received from
Grangeviile, where it -was reported she
had gone, stating that Mrs. Tunnell was
not there, neither was she known. Mrs.
Horton, 216 Eddy street, declares posi
tively she is there, though she declines to
go into details as to how she secured the
information, except that it came by letter.
"My mother, Mrs. Hayes, lives at
Grangevilie." said Mrs. Horton yesterday,
"and as she and Mrs. Tunnell are quite old
friends, there is no reason why she should
not go there. I can say positively that
she is at my mother's, though I must de
cline to tell how or when I received my
information. It is straight, and that is all
there is to it."
It may be interesting to relate in this
connection that Mrs. Tunnell Jeft Dr.
Brown's house at 11 :30 o'clock on the Sun
day night following the arrest of Mrs.
Davidson. She went direct to the ferry,
reaching there in time to catch the last
boat for Oakland.
Mrs. Davidson continues to evidence a
calm and conlident front. She has not the
tightest fear of the final result, though
■he anticipates a favorable verdict in the
preliminary hearing. She says:
"I have been a Christian for too long to
attempt now to shield myself behind a
tissue of falsehoods. Ail this scandal,
though it is true every word of it, is due to
Dr. Brown, and now he must bear the
consequences of his own rashness."
The deacons and trustees, at a private
meeting beld last night, decided to uphold
Dr. Brown, at least until the Davidson
case ended. They considered it would not
be fair to the pastor or the church to pass
judgment at this time, or even demand an
explanation from Dr. Brown.
The dispatches from Hanford and
Tulare add greater mystery to the already
mysterious movements of Mrs. Tunnell.
There now seems little doubt but that the
important witness is in Kirps County,
though she is carefully concealed by her
friends.
The preliminary hearing of Mrs. David-
son will be resumed before Judge Camp
bell this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
THE DEACONS CONFER.
They Believe Dr. Brown Innocent
and Will Stand by
Him.
After Dr. Brown had received the profuse
congratulation and assurance of his
parishioners ti.at they regarded him as an
upright and innocent man, the deacons of
the church, who had previously arranged
for the meeting, congregated in the upper
study of their pastor, and locked tneru
seives in securely from the outer world,
leaving a numberof anxious and solicitous
friends downstairs waiting to hear the re
sult of the conference.
Those who remained in waiting for
what they supposed would be a verdict
Lad to content themselves with looking
up at the light that struggled through the
blinds from the interior, and many specu
lations were indulged in regarding the
ultimate conclusion of the pillars of the
Congregational church. The anxious ones
wandered around chatting and drawing
conclusions from the evidence that has
appeared in the daily papers of this City.
Suddenly the light went out and there
was a general scramble for the side en
trance, which Mrs. Brown had taken the
precaution to lock after the main body of
the participants in the prayer - meeting
had tiled out previous to the adjournment
of the deacons to the rector's study.
In a moment the deacons came down
stairs, headed by J. J. Yasconeellos, who
was getting down to the ground Hoor at
the rate of three steps at a time. His face
bore the happiest expression, and Dr.
Brown, who followed him, was beaming:
over with contentment. He immediateiy
came to Mrs. Brown's side, took her arm.
pressed it to his side affectionately, and
left the building before his supporters had
all reached the floor from the staircase.
All of these gentlemen showed by their
bearing that something pleasing had oc
curred, and they acted more like a holiday
party than a body of men holding a
session over the scandal that burdens their
minister. It is probable that no more con
tented people ever came from a deacons'
meeting in that house of worship.
They departed from the church indif
ferent directions, and all were ebullient
with joy.
"I have nothing to say of what oc
curred," said Deacon Dexter when ap
proached regarding the result of the meet
ing, "and 1 do not care to discuss it. I
am a good-natured man, and that is the
reason of my apparent happiness. lam
always this way. I car.'t help being good
natured. Yes, it is true that we have great
faith in Dr. Brown, and we will stand by
him to the very last.''
"Did the matter of prime interest in the
doctor's reputation come up, and were
Mrs. Davidson's charges discussed in any
way?"'
"No. Not in the slightest. I hope you
will excuse me. my good and Christian
brother, I cannot talk to you of this mat
ter. We did nothing. We believe in Dr.
Brown. I hope you will permit me to bid
you pood-night." With that Deacon Dex
ter extended his hand and disappeared
down Mason street.
Deacon Vasconcellos was inclined to be a
little more talkative than his associate.
He had gone up to the corner of Post
street with Dr. Brown to chat with the
minister, but was met coming back toward
Market.
"We didn't say a word about this scan
dal in the meeting. I: does not justify
any comment. Dr. Brown, is a persecuted
and maiiened man and the law must take
its course. We can do nothing until the
trial is over."
"What will you do then?"
"There will'be nothing to do. He will
be proven innocent and he will then proba
bly explain the whole matter as he said
to-night in his address at the prayer meet
ing. Not a single member of the Congre
gational church believes him guilty of
these slanders heaped upon him by bad
people. He is upright and holy, and with
the help of God and his own "strong will
he will prove it."
"Did not the deacons express confidence
in him at the meeting to-night?' 1
•We have always believed in him and
always will. Did you not see the way ail
received him 0 "
"The doctor appears to be in a very
happy frame of mind."
"Yes, he knows we have faith in him,
and that every member of the church
loves him as a righteous man. How ter
rible it is to have such vile Bla;iders put
upon such a conscientious Christian !
But he is innocent— he is innocent, and in
time he will rise from the whole affair and
show his troodness. : "
J. EL Hatch said that the sentiment of
the meeting was to stand by Dr. Brown.
He said that no action would be taken
relative to an investieation or a church
trial at present.
J. H. Barnard would not discuss the
matter at all. The other deacons were
equally reticent.
HER EASTERN RECORD.
Captain Lees Receives Information
Regarding Mrs. Davidson's Con-
victlon and Sentence.
Captain Lees yesterday received a letter
from Chief Inspector W. B. Walls of Bos
ton, Mass., inclosing copy of the papers in
the case of the People of the State of!
Massachusetts against Mary A. Davidson.
The papers show that Mrs. Davidson
was tried on four counts of selling mort
gaged property. On March 19, 1883, she
executed and delivered a mortgage to
Oliver Ditson, John C. Haynes and Charles
Ditaon over several pianos in her store at
Lynn, Mass., including a piano made by I
William Bowne & Son valued at $300.
which she sold on October 2. 1534, to Mary '
E. Judkins for $200, without the written i
consent of the mortgagors or informing !
THE RANCH- HOUSE OF MRS. UAYES AT GRANGEVILLE, KINGS COUNTY
CAL., WHERE MRS. TUNMXL IS SAID TO BE IN HIDING.
[From a photograph.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
.MRS. DAVIDSON.
[From a photograph at the City Police Station.]
FACSIMILE OF INSCRIPTION ON THE BACK OF A PHOTOGRAPH OF MRS
I' LVIDSO3*.
the purchaser that there was a mortgage
on the piano.
The three other counts were for selling
in the same way on February 11. 1884, a
Fischer piano valued at $200 to Henry S.
Johnson for ?200; on June 11. 1884, another
Fischer piano valued at $175 to Eliza F.
Stiles for $175, and on October 1, ISS4, a
Briggs piano valued at $150 to George Ful
ler for $150.
She pleaded not guilty and was tried be
fore a jury in the Superior Court of E-<sex
County. Mass.. at Salem, on January L' 4,
l' s *7. The jury found her guilty and she
was sentenced to thirty months in the
House of Correction.
Accompanying the letter was a photo
graph of Mrs. Davidson and on the" back
was written the following allidavit:
January 2. 1896.
I, Joseph E. >haw ot Lynn, < cranty of Essex,
Coin :non wealth of Massachusetts, hereby
make the. following deposition, to wit:
I hAvo known Mary A. Davidson, alias Mary
P. Kturgis, for titteen years an, more, and
while a member uf the Massachusetts district
Eolire arr^ted her in Albany, X. V., Novem
er 17, 1886. she was brought to this com
monwealth, tried at the Superior Court at
Salem, January term. IC-C,1 C -C, convicted on four
counts for selling mortgaged property, (sen
tenced to thirty months "in the House of Cor
rection, which sentence she served.
I also declare this photograph to be a correct
likeness of her at the time of her arrest.
■ _ _ „ Josefs E. Shaw.
Suffolk— 5.9. | January 2, 1896.
Personally appeared before me Joseph E.
Shaw, who made oath that the above statement
was true to the best of his knowledge and be
lief. Isaac 3. Mttdkk.
Justice of the Peace.
DR. BROWN PRESiDED.
Prayer Meeting at the Firs' Con
gregational Church and Sym
pathy for the Pastor.
Dr. Brown was the central fieure at the
regular weekly prayer-meeting in the
classroom of the First Congregational
Church last nipht. There was a large at
tendance. The doctor presided over the
meeting. He looked pe.le and careworn.
But there was still the old-time ring in his
voice.
Hymns were sung and prayers were of
fered up.
Deacon Yascon?el)os was the only per«on
present with the courage to speak of the
I Brown-Davidson scandal. He exhorted
: his listeners to withhold their judgment
; until th«-ir pastor saw Jit to make a public
statement.
"There la no doubt a great deal of
i anxiety and query in the hearts of those
! members of the church who are here to
j nielit,' 1 said the deacon, "re-rardinc the
reports which have appeared in th*» papers
, lately, and which, you all know, reflect on
! our pastor. These reports have, been the
talk of the street?. You have all beer.
I inquiring about them.
'-Some wise heads have paid that Dr.
Brown 'should make a confession.' So far
; as 1 am concerned. I want to say that I
I have confidence in Dr. Brown. Anyway,
he is not on trial. No charge has been'made
; against him before the tribunal of this
: church; he has not been tried by its
i officers.
"I want to say that if a pastor ever
needed the support of his people Dr.
Brown needs it at this time. The church
and people should uphold him. We are
all human and liable to fall; but I don't
know that Dr. Brown has fallen; but Ido
know that if Dr. Brown has fallen God
knows it. The will of God will be done.
Now is the time we should show our
Christian kindness and feeling;." •
Dr. Brown seemed greatly pleased at
what Deacon Vasconcellos had said. He
made a short address to the meeting, but
was silent on the charges that had turned
the tide against him. He read two letters
from former congregations he had served,
Showing that the people to whose spirit
ual welfare he had administered were still
unshaken in their belief of his innocence.
"I cannot tell you," began Dr. Brown
how great my desire is to talk to you
about this matter. I can assure you that
I want to talk to you more than you want
to hear me, but my attorneys 'have ad
vised me to remain silent. They are wise
men, and I must obey them. " I confess
that my desire has often been to break
away from them and tell you my sine.
\Y hen I get their consent I will then break
my silence.
"I have the right to take you into ray
confidence to say that I have received let
ters irom twenty different States since
this trouble began. They came from the
-North, East and the West. Two of them
are of such a nature that I will read them
to you. They are from churches that I
served in the past."
The letters referred to were from the
First Congregational Church of Tacoma,
Wash., and from a church in Kalama
zoo, Mich., both of which Dr. Brown
served as pastor. The doctor entered the
iiitant class of the latter church, grew up
in it and finally became its pastor.
The Tacoma letter was signed by Messrs.
Hallock ana Merrill, trustees of "the First
Congregational Church. It was in the
form of a resolution and read as follows:
WHXRKAB, Our beloved friend and former
pastor, the Rev. l»r. C. O. Brown, has been
made ihe victim of an evil and designing
woman, therefore belt
Reiolvid, Thai we still firmly believe in his
Christian integrity and faith.
The resolution was passed by the trus
tees of the congregation. The Kalnmazoo
letter was from L.' M. Gates, president of
the local hank of the town and a leading
member of Dr. Brown's old church. Dr.
Brown explained that Mr. Gates was the
only member of the church he ever had
any trouble with, and for that reason he
more especially prized the letter. It ro
cited the fact that the doctor had entered
the infant class of the Sunday-school, that
his parents had been members of tha
church, that he hart up in the light
of its sanctuary; that his life had always
been pure and truthful, and that his old
friends in Kaiamazoo felt certain that he
would ultimately vindicate himself.
"I mitiht continue reading such letters
from now until midnight," said Dr.
Brown, "and I can tell you it would be
very sweet for me to do so. Now, if you
think I hnve done any wrong, hoid up
your hands."
No hands were held up and Dr. Brown
adjourned the Drayer-meetinj*.
At the informal reception that followed
a large number of those in attendance
pressed to the platform, clasped the pas
tor's hand and assured him of their sym
pathy and loyalty.
ELUSIVE MRS. TUNNELL.
Har Presence In Kings County Is
Strongly Denied by Mrs.
Hayes.
HANFORD, Cal., Jan. 3.— Just opposite
the village store of Grangeville is tne
twenty-acre fruit farm of Mrs. Allen
Hayes, a widow, 60 years old. On beinj;
informed that The Call wished to see one
Mrs.Tutinell Mrs. Have.* denied all knowl
edge of such a person.
"You are at liberty to search every room
in my house and also to search the farm
building?," she said. On beinp asked, "Is
it not irue that a lady has been stopping
!:ere?" she said, "Yes, Mrs. Ben Fowler of
Tulare."
On being asked. "Do you know the
young lady. Miss Overman," she
answered, "Yes, last faii I was visiting
my daughter, Mrs. Lulu Horton, 216 Eddy
street. San Francisco. One day — I am not
sure of the month, hut it was in Septem
ber or October— Mi ~s Overman calied to
see my grandson in reference to the school
he was attending, as she was seriously
thinking of taking a course in shorthand.
My opinion of her was pood. Miss Over
man seemed to me to oe a modest and
well-behaved girl. It was the only time I
ever met her before or since. Yes, I have
met Dr. Brown. I attended his church
with friends and was introduced to him
about two years ago. Last fall I attended
bis church with a Miss Fairchild and Dr.
Brown knew me and we shook hands. I
don't know Mrs. Davidson or any of the
other people you ask about. Myd'augmer
may, of course.
"I have been living here for eight years
past and in the fall of the year I visit my
daughter, Mrs. Horton."
Mrs. Hayes is worried that she has been
brought into this and, like Mrs. Tunnell,
will no into hiding if many more reporters
come around.
The following dispatch was received
from Tulare last niuht. It is a flat con
tradiction of Mrs. Haves' statement con
cerning her visitor, and adds greater mys
tery to the affair:
f FLARE, Cal., Jan. B.— To-night's work
reveals more mystery in Mrs. Tunnell's
whereabouts. Mrs. Ben Fowler denied
beiiif: over to Grangevilie. and stated posi
tively that she did not know a Mrs. Gum.
On the Tery mention of that name she ex
cused herself and would not taiK further.
Arriving; to-night at the residence of
>t rs. Gum, who is a daughter of Mrs.
Hayes ol Grangeville, your correspondent
found a pleasant little woman who readily
save what information she possessed. She
:,ad known Mr>. Tunnell "just as lons us
she could remember." .She (Mr?. Tunnell)
left Woodland years au'O and went north,
where she married a man named Fowler,
out did not live long with him. She has
since resume*! the name of Tunnell.
DAGGETT AIL EIGHT.
The Superintendent of the Mint Makes
a Little Kxplaimtion.
In yesterday's issue of the morning
papers the following telegram was pub
lished :
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The Secretary
of the Treasury to-day sent to the House a lis*t
of officers of the Government coming under
hi< department who are delinquent in render
ing tneir accounts or in the payment of bal
ances due from them for the ln«t fiscal year.
The list includes A. R. Spofford, Librarian of
Congress; Elihn Olund, Collector of Customs,
Duluth, Minn.: Overton C^de, Superintendent
of the Mint at New Orleans, and John Daggett,
Superintendent of the Mint at San Francisco.
"When consulted in reference to the dis
patch Mr. Dapcett declined speakinp about
the other officials mentioned, but pre
sented the lollowing written statement of
his own position:
The Mint of the United States)
at San Francisco, V
Ftterintendent's Office, Jan. 8, 1896.)
To the Editor of the San Fian-ciseo Call— Sir:
The statement made in this morning's Call
that my accounts in this Mint were short, al
though for ft very small amount, I deem it my
duty to refute with the following letter:
TBEAsnny Department, ■)
Bureau of the Mint, 5-
V.'Asni.voTnN, I). C. Uec. 30. 1695. J
John Dappttt, E.^ , Superintendent U.S. Mint, San
Francisco, Cat.— Sib: C. D. No. UO4, for $16 V! 8. be
j in;; on account of repayment to appropriation for
j contingent expenses of jour Mint (1895), Inclosed
' in your communication of the 21st inst., has been
j received, properly Indorsed and transmitted to the
Secretary of the Treasure, personal credit so be
ttiven you in your comincent expense accounts,
and the amount to be covered into the treasury ms
a repayment to the above appropriation to cover
disallowances found by the Auditorof the Treasury
Department. Respectfully yours,
K. K. Preston, Director of the Mint.
In explanation of the Above deficiency I have
to say that for the past twenty years the daily
end other papers have been taken at this Mint
and filed away In its archives and the cost
charged up to the contingent fund. Such was
the case even for the first year of my adminis
j tration, and the amount allowed by the de
partment. Thereafter, the account beln? dis
allowed as unwarranted, the amount was held
out, and correspondence ensued that resulted
i in my paying for the newspapers myself, as the
foregoing letter shows. Kespectfuliy,
John Daggett,
Superintendent U. S. Mint
TiAGGETT SOT TtKLIXQJJEXT.
He ftoea Jfot Oirr One Hollar to the
(rorernntent.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— Director
of the Mint Preston says the superinten
dent of the mint at San Francisco, John
Dagcett, is not delinquent or behind with
his accounts. Some reports have made
him appear as a defaulter, but he does not
owe ?1 to the Government. It may be he
neglected to render his accounts as soon
as lie should Dave under the Dockery act.
but this is mere technicality.
Tins explanation by Mr. Preston was
made owing to a communication which
tiie Assistant Secretary of Treasury sent to
the House of Representatives yesterday,
mentioning the superintendent as one of
the department officers who had been de
linquent in rendering his accounts.
THORKTON'S FEE.
He Is Allowed Five Ilnmlred Dollars
by Judge Seawell.
Judge Seawell has decided the case of
Crittenden Thornton and Felix Merz
bach against I. G. WiCriersham by allow
ing the plaintiff 1 ? $500. The suit was one
for attorneys' fees.
In IS9I Lippitt it Lippitt, Barclay Henley
and C. J. Swift were retained by I. G.
"Wiekersham to protect his interests as a
stockholder in the San Luis Obispo Bank.
Lippitt <t Lippitt withdrew before the case
was under way and Thornton <fc Merz
bach took their place. The case depended
upon wnether Lippitt & Lippitt or Merz
bach and Thornton, their successors, were
drawn into the case by Wickersham or by
Henley and Swift. If the former they
should look to Heniey and Swift for theiV
fee, it was claimed, and if the latter to
Wickershani.
Thornton sued for $15,000. Mr. Wicker
shani claimed that all the services were
rendered under a written contract, and
was willing to stand by the contract, which
showed that $1000 balance was still due.
The court took this view.
THE INGLESIDE SUSPECTS.
Wiat Were They Doing by
the Olympic Pier at
Ocean Beach ?
STORIES TOLD BY WITNESSES.
Officer Josephs and Clarke, the
Cashier, Are Still Unable to
Appear in Court.
Jiulpe Conlan's courtroom was crowded
to suffocation yesterday afternoon at the
second session of the preliminary examin
ation into the Ingleside electric car rob
bery. Judge Low presided, and at times
was compelled to rap rather sharply upon
the judicial desk in order to make himself
heard.
The first witness placed on the stand was
Charles McLean, bartender at the race
track, who scored a point for the defense
by testifying that the defendant, Welch
came into town with him at 6 o'clock
Christmas afternoon. He further stated
that both Middlemiss and Welch wore in
toxicated that day.
H. M. Russell, keeper of the turnstile at
the Ingleside track, said he thought he
had seen Gardner, or some one resembling
him, at the track Christmas day, but would
not be positive.
William 15. Peck, cashier of the restau
rant at the track, told the story of the rob
bery substantially as related by the other
witnesses. He did not see tho faces of the
robbers, ana said he would not be able to
identify them.
Police Officer Fitzeerald also told the
story of the hold-up and referred to the
shooting of Officer Josephs. He said that
the man who fired the shot was tall and
wore an overcoat. When asked whether
an overcoat would make a man look taller
he responded in the negative.
Police Officer Gibson, the next witness,
was asked by Mr. Mogan whether he
knew anything about the robbery at the
Ingleside track.
"We object, we object," sang out Mr.
Tobin. "We don't ctre what the officer
knows about the robbery. Wliat has to be
shown is that, these defendants are con
nected with the affair."
Judge Lo^v sustained the objection, after
which the witness proceeded to relate that
he and Officer Cody had been summoned
by Engineer Willis to view the leather
money-pouch found by him on the
ocean beach. He then stated tijat he and
a number of other otlicers had watched
the pier near which the money had been
lound. Their vigilance was rewarded by
the discovery of Gardner and Middlemiss
at a little after 8 o'ciock on the evening of
December 28, the day on which the
money was found. The two men
were seen near the ninth post
of the pier. The place on the
beach where the money was found had
been disturbed, as though some one had
been searcning for something. Both men
refused to answer questions. They were
forthwith taken into custody, Middleraiss
complaining that he would have to stand
the whole of the blame, since he had no
friends, as Gardner had. When asked
where he had been the day previous, Mid
dlemiss stated that he had been with the
defendant Welch, who, he said, was a bar
ber at Port costa.
Mr. Mogan asked the witness whether
the pier would be a safe place for a
drunken man to walk on at ni^ht, espe
cially if the night were dark and the man
very'drunk.
"We must object," interposed Mr. To
bin, "there is no reason why farcical and
irrelevant questions should be asked. "
"Well," said Mr. Mogan. '"the sam«
questior was asked of Mr, Willis yester
day and nobody objected.'"
"I don't see any reason for objecting,"
remarked Judge Low, mildly. **Let the
witness answer— — "
"In my opinion," answered Gibson, ''it
would be an unsaie place for a sober man.''
'•Well, as to that, remarked the Judge,
meditatively, "a urunken man often can
over places where a sober man is afraid
to venture."
No one disputed his Honor's dictum,
and the examination proceeded. In an
swer to Mr. Gesford's cross-examination
the officer reiterated his lormer statements
with more particularity. He said he had
viewed the pier through a pair of night
glasses, and had noticed one man stooping
near the pier. He believed he was one of
those arrested, but could not say which
one. Th? sand was dug up in the vicinity
of the ninth post of the pier,
Andrew Stork, a motorman on the Mis
sion-street extension electric railway,
testified that the car which he was con
ducting was arriving at the terminus
when the robbery occurred. He told the
conductor to turn out the lights, as there
were "'fireworks ahead." The order was
obeyed, aiid the people in the car left in
great trepidation. He saw the ta;l man
with a rifle, but could not swear that he
was masked. He heard shots and loud
talking, but could not give details. The
police went the next day looking for the
place, but could not find it.
"Oh, well." remarked Mr. Gesford,
"that's characteristic oi a policeman."
•'Order, order," thundered tr.e bailiff, as
a burst of laughter resounded through the
courtroom.
Officer E. J. Wrenn was the next wit
ness. Hv said that he and several other
officers had gone under orders to the
Olympic Sait Water Pumping Works at
the ocean beach on the evenintr of Decem
ber 26. He went on guard at the p>ier at 7
o'cloclc with Officer Campbell. About 8
o'clock he noticed two men approaching
the p^er on the beach. They went from
one side of the pier to the other, and thpn
iii?;ip)ieitred from view. He thought they
migtit be biding on the pier. A command
to stand forth was given in a loud voice by
one of the officers, and the defendants,
Gardner and Middieraiss, came in view,
standing upon the uier. feoth were takt.ll
into custody.
Officer Charles J. Cody was the last wit
ness placed on the stand. He repeated the
testimony o^ Officer Gibson regarding the
events subsequent to the finding of' the
money-pouciion the beach. He took charge
of Gardner and placed the "cuffs" upon
him, while one of the oth' r officers
performed the same service for Middle
miss. At the time of the arrest the wit
ness did not notice any disturbance in the
sand near the ninth post of the pier, but
afterward he observed that the sand at
that point had been excavated either by
means of a stick or with the human hand
or foot; not with a spade.
At this juncture Judge Low adjourned
further proceedings in court until to-mor
row afternoon.
It w;is agreed between Judge and coun
sel thar tne examination of Cashier Clarke
and Officer Josephs, both of whom were
wounded at the time of the robbery, should
take place this evening at the houses where
they are staying.
Mr. Mogun asked what conveyances
would be provided for the necessary court
officials and the Judge and attorneys.
"1 think a cable-car will do," responded
his Honor, dryly.
Some of the legal lights concerned not
seeming to relish this ruline, Mr. Tobin
brought the day's proceedings to a gmce
ful and appropriate close by recommend
ing the patrol wagon.
Valne of Foreign Jloney.
Accordiiig to the Circular of Jar4nary 1 sent
out by R. E. Preston, Director of the* United
States Mint, the following are the estabUflhed
valuations in cents of ths monetary units of
the principal countries with which the San
Francisco merchants do business: The Chinese
tael, Shanghai 72.5, Haikwan 80.8, Tientsin
76.9, Checfoo 75.9; the boliviano of Bolivia
the Central American and Colombian peso, the
Ecuadortan sucre and the Peruvian sol. 49.1 ;
the Chilean peso. 49.2; the Cuban peso, 92.6;
the Mexican dollar, 53.3; the Japanese yen.
g01d 99.7. silver 52.9; the Venezuelan bolivar,
19.3: the crown of Norway. Sweden and Den
mars, "G8- the French franc, the bpanish
reseti and the Italian lira. 19.3: the East
Indian rupee, 23.3; the German mark, 33.B ;
an.i the British ponnd sterling, -l-«>.<'->. The
valuations for British and trench moiiey
are fixed by law and are unchangeable. 1p.6
Canadian dollar is at par.
UNION CARPENTERS.
The General Committee of Philadflphia
to Form Organizations All Ion?
the Coast.
The annual election of officers of the
Carpenters' and Joiners' District Council
was held last evening and resulted in the
selection of the following: J. E. BfcVicker,
president; 11. Hageman, vice-president;
L. D. Gordon, recording secretary; F.
Doane, financial secretary; L, N. Vezina,
treasurer; G. Miller, warden.
The District Council has taken a new
departure, which is conceded will be of
great benefit to the craft Arrangements
bare boon made whereby all carpenters in
good standing in their unions mayh'Ve
the services of physicians and secure
medicine at cheaper rates than are char ec
to the workingman. The recent hard
time? left many carpenters deeply ii
to their family physicians and to the drug
stores.
The Plan adopted by tie District Council
is similar to that of the Foresters. Ar
rangements have been -nade with the pro
prietors of four drugstores whereby all
medicines will be furnished at almost cost
opon the presentation of the Carpenters'
working cards. These drugstores are on
Sixth ana Harrison, Fulton and Van Ness,
Market and Stockton and Market stree:
near the cut.
Within the next few days the services of
four physicians will be secured. Three
have offered thoir services to '.he council,
but the selection will not be announced
until all are selected.
Word has been received from the pen
eral executive committee of the Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer
ica, in Philadelphia, that tliia .-;atc wiH be
reorganized in a substantial way dnring
the year.
Funds will be advanced for the forma
tion of unions in every city in California,
and in fact all over the toast. Work in
this direction wili be bejrun soon.
Before this information was received,
however, ttie local body began this work.
The preliminary steps to t..e formation of
a carpenters' union in S;inta Cruz have
been taken and the officers will be in
stalled by the genera! organizer in a snort
time. Similar steps have been taken t>
ward organizing unions in Sacramento
aiv! Stockton.
The District Council has decided to bold
its annual picnic at Sunset Park, near
Santa Cruz, in April. Arrangements have
been made with the railroad company for
taking out a large excursion train on that
occasion.
MISSIONARY SCHOOL.
Opening of an Institution to Foster
Home and Foreign Mission*.
There was a thoroughly enthusiastic
meeting at the opening uf the Missionary
Extension School in the Y. M. C. A.
building yest.-rday afternoon.
Mi;-s Mindora L. iierry, the new super
intendent, cave an able address on the
scope of the school.
She stated that evening classes are to be
opened and adde I, "As time goes on we
hope to have a home of oar own, where
young people who wish to become mi*—
Bionaries may have a training."'
Short add :e by Rev.
.1. Stmderland, D.D . Rev. W. A. Gardner,
Dr. A. E. Sturee, Mrs. Carrie Judd Mont
gomery an-1 Mrs. John Russell.
To-day the meeting will ho ad Iresspd b»
Rev. J. 8. Carroll, D.JL)., itev.D. .T. M
D.D., Rev. 11. N. Bevier and others. The
meetings will continue and
Friday afternoon in the lecture-haH'of the
Y. M. C. A.
NEW TO-DAY.
Q^^i C* and
Cloalfs <™^u?7s
iZoHeaifiyStr
Gigantic
Clearance
Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
Plain figures on every garment.
No reduction from the marked price.
Send mail orders at once for adver-
tised goods.
! SINGLE CAPES. Kersey or Boncle, 8
rows brr.id and cloth straps as in
cut above, 27 inches Ions;, extra full, Qp.OO
blueorblaclc: were $9 50, now tJ)O
SINGLE CAPES, Kersey or Boucle,
plain or fur trimmed, 21 inches
Ion? and very full, black only: were £• —.00
$13, now .;. tj) i
FINE SILK PLUSH CAPES, hi-,
wide sweeps, fur trimmed, silk C:Q-O
lined; were $12, now only <JJ*O
ELEGANT VELOUR DV NOR I)
CAPES, braided and beaJed, fur
trimmed as in cut top of column, silk r»1 Q. 50
lined ; were $22 50. now only Cl O .
NOT/BY VELOUR DC NORD CAPES,
braided and beaded, silk lined; re- £ 1 A.OO
ducod from $15 to OJ-U
FINE PLUSH DOUBLE (APT-, fur
trimmed, silk lined; reduced from C« "" 5O
$17 to O<— -
Waists.
BOUCLE CLOTH WAISTS, made In
the latest styles, black or tan: re- a^ 7*
duced rom $3 to %M'___
Children's Jackets.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, fin ■ cldl-s
very pretty styles sizes from 6 years' -. ._ n
up: were : very special price . . . . >n J_
Ely's Cream Balaipa
Cleanses the Nasal RgggKa
Pai-nses. Allay, Pain K^HlTrr '-' c >» .-.^J
and Inflammation, " tl -*tR M,is *» M
Kestores the ■-♦''<-<>» offfe <&$&/&
Taste and Smell. i.V i ' F&u
Heals the Sores. - --^
Apply nalnj Into earn nostril foli^lrtv^^*^
KLT BKOS.s6\Varren «,.N.Y fi|^^N^--^vi? ri< Ja
iWAiVS'Y TA I A W promptly, with
lllUil£ll 117 L"?Ai« liberal advances upon
NmF R P^ VemeUtS - t0 J "^'"lSi DKFTN^
NUiIBEK oi monthly installments to suit Vat.
* » o ***<j l lv., a.o Jloatgomery St., S. i*.AROUSING THE STATE AGAINST FUNDING
The Mayors of Three Cities
Will Formulate a
Call.
SUTRO.DAVIE AND BOGGS
People's Voice to Be Raised to
Congress in No Uncertain
Tones.
MEMORIAL TO CONGRESS READY
Presented at the Meeting of the Com
mittee of Fifty Yesterday—
of the Document.
Mayor Sntro's active brain has evolved a
new, original and far-reaching plan for
fighting the funding bill which C. P. Hunt
ington hopes to pass through the present
session of Congress, and he is losing no
time in putting it into execution.
It is nothing less than a great State con
vention to Bend the voice of California's
opponents of the measure to Washington
in tones that cannot be mistaken.
The scheme suggested itself to the
Mayor yesterday afternoon, and he at once
placed himself in communication with
Mayor Davie of Oakland, Mayor Baggs of
Stockton, and Mayor HubbaVd of Sacra
mento, all of whom are firm opponents of
the funding bill.
The first two named officials at once
signified their willingness t<> discuss the
matter, and asrreed to men at r!ie ortice of
Mayor Sutro at 11 o'clock li.is morning,
f .icramento's chief executive stated that
he would use his best endeavors to be on
hand, but did not feel sure that he could
get away from Sacramento in time.
Mayor Sutro's plan is the most compre
hensive that has yet been suggested to
voice the sentiments of the people of this
State. The three Mayors will formulate a
call for a great gathering of the represen
tative men of the State to meet in San
Francisco immediately to protest to the
fullest extent of their ability against the
extension of time asked by the railroad
magnates.
The peop 3e of points so far distant as to
preclude the sending of delegates will be
asked to hold district conventions and to
add the result of their deliberations to the
action taken by the central convention. It
is hoped 07 this means to arouse the State
as it baa never bo ore been aroused and
force the light against the funding bill to a
victorious conclusion.
MEMORIAL mDOPTED.
The Committee of Fifty Calls on
Congress to Defeat the Fund-
Ing Bill.
The committee of fifty mot in the
Mayor's office yesterday forenoon and
unanimously adopted a memorial to Con
press opposing the passage of the funding
bill by which an extension of fifty years
[lowed the Central Pacific Rail
its debts now due to the Gov
ernment. Plans were also outlined for
the speedy collection in California of the
$10,000 necessary to combat at Washington
('. P. Huntingdon's active and persisteut
efforts in behalf of the bill. Mayor Sutro,
who presided at tha meeting, expressing
himself in vigorous language upon the ne
cessity for effective and immediate opposi
tion, was greeted with applause when be
declared, "1 am an old man, but I'll go to
:i«ton myself and I'll bring them to
terms if tLe people will stand by me."
To expedite the collection of funds W.
H. Coward, Oscar Lewis and Joseph
Britton were appointed a special com
mittee with authority, if necessary, to em
ploy energetic collectors. In connection
with tnis work Oscar Lewis moved that
the press of the City be asked to assist in
c electing the $10,000, and the motion was
carried unanimously.
Every member of '.he committee of fifty
will be furnished a subscription-book so
that each one may col'eot $100 for the fund
and aid the sub-committee in raising the
whole amount.
What has been done already and what
remains to be accomplished is expressed
in the words of Mayor who, address
ing the committee, said:
Twenty days ago we first met and organized
In this room the committee of fifty.
I stated at that time that the first step
should be tho raising of ways and means to
send agents to Washington and to defray print
ing and postal expenses.
We raised on the spot $2500. We issued sub-
Fcription-boofcg to a number of our members
but the result Las been discouraging, for only
$500 additional has been subscribed since
We have been unable 10 send any agent to
Washington end practically are almost help
less, while Huntington has been at work day
and night to advance his nefarious schemes.
If we cannot raise any more money we can
not represent our cause properly, and, though
millions of people are on our side, and but one
man on the other, we shall be beaten, for that
one man is ready to spend enormous sums to '
gain in-, point, while the millions of citizens
arrayed against him cannot raise enough
money to make even a show of defense. I
Shame upon the people of the State for
their indifference— fifty years more of 6laverv
awaits '.is fifty years of injustice; fifty years of
insolence, of arrogance and extortion.
If you have the proper foresight and patriot
ism, each man on this committee should strive
to raise this fund to a sum which makes it pos-
Bible to make a proper show of resistance. '
Ii you go into war. you do not choose fifty
generals to command your armies; you choose
one, and do not leave him without troops or
ammunition, but you fully equip him.
We have lost much valuable time, still we
may win yet, and I now again appeal to my
fellow-citizens to stand in and do their duty as
honorable and patriotic men.
In opposing C. P. Huntlngton you are fight
ing a rhinoceros. You do not want to right
him with »].i gloves. You want a big club to
kuocK him down.
lam utterly disgusted that this great State
has not already raised 910,000. We are a lot
of cowards that we do not rise up and beat this
man. We have a case here of highway rob- '
bers, and we are afraid to fight them. Here
we are a lot of slaves, a lot of flunkies, under
tii*> power of the octopus. Each man would
have to contribute only five cent*.
i d make the fight all alone again and foot
the bills if I could spare the $10,000. but I
.can't spare it this year.
We want one or two men in Washington to
present the people's side; men la addition to
the regular representatives of California,
There are just Three things we want to be able
to make the proper fight against the bill. The
first thing is money, the second thing is money
and the (bird thing is money.
'1 he memorial as read to the committee
■retary John Mcßeynolds grates the
1 tuple's caje in a plain, convincing argu
ment, and ih as follows:
■ i « >> " l S! it a> Senate and Home of Ktp-
Tlie undersigned, citizens of Cali
i, respectfully represent that the i*:op!e
of tins State are deeply interested in the settle-
I't-iit of the debts due by the Central and
i. uion Pacific railroad companieH to the United
for subsidy bonds Issued to them, and
tliey bog to be heard in opposition to any
scheme- for refunding or extending the time o"f
payment of said debts.
Our opposition to such Eehemcs la not
prompted by hostility to the debtors, but by
ta"cc ° nS 01 lhe h 'B hefct Public impor-
I. it is shown in the report of the Pacific
Railway Commission that afl the visible means
ana "fets of these companias have been
*rougful!y appropriated to their own use by
the original stockholders and managers, and
it any of the proposed legislation passes the
companies will have no means from which to
t>a> the. debt in question except their capacity
to earn money by transportation.
.v. The frci K ht s they carry eastward consist of
the products of our soil peeking a market
abroad, in competition with like commodities
produced elsewhere, and we have to pay for
transporting th«m to the general markets of
the world, where we meet our competitors.
lhose carried westward are Eastern or Euro
pean products purchased In the sume general
markets for consumption here. On these also
we have to pay the freight, as an addition to
the price of the goods. Hence, excepting the
insignificant items of westbound pleasure
travel and local freights from .Nevada, I'tah
ana Nebraska, the people of this .State will
have to pay the entire sum the com
panies have to earn in order to pay
these debts, with their accumulated thirty
years' past interest, as well as interest
tor the whole period during: which payment
may be deferred. That Of the Central Pacific
road alone amounts, at maturity, to over
•$"7,000,000. That of the Onion Pacific is
about the same amount. To extend these
debts for hfty years at "J per cent per annum is
to double their amount, and to leave them to
be paid out of future transportation is to sad
dle them, tome 6300,000,000 in amount, on
us. and our children for two generations to
come. No conquered Roman province was
ever so grievously taxed.
11. Any extension or time for the payment
ol these debts necessarily involves a condona
tion of the misappropriation of the funds pro
vided by the public for the building of (he
roads, but convened to their own usn by those
who controlled the companies that did the
work.
The "plain, speedy and adequate remedy"
for the recovery of the money due the United
States by these companies— that which any
business" iuhii would adopt in like circum-
Btanees— is fi n closure of the mortgages, and if
a deficiency arises an action against the guilty
JOHN T. DOYLE, WHO DRAFTED THE MEMORIAL OPPOSING THE FUND
ING BILL.
directors as far as they survive and against their
representatives so far as they .have left assets,
for the restoration of the funds misappropri
ated by them. Foreclosure is^o obviously the
first rational step toward an end of the whole
question that "plain people" are unfible%o un
derstand why it is not resorted to at once.
The only reason assigned to the contrary is
that there is a "first mortgage" on the prop
erty which will swallow up all the proceeds of
sale; but the priority of this so-called "first
mortgage" on the Central Pacific road is chal
lenged, on the strength of facts impossible to
deny, and not easy, if possible! within the line
of adjudged cases* to answer. The amount is
$27,855,080; too large a sum to be deemed in
significant or to be surrendered without a
struggle. The Union Pacific mortgage is per
haps in a similar predicament. Here, there
fore, is a lien of from $27,000,000 to $60,000
000 which every one of the various refunding
and extension schemes so far advanced pro
poses to abandon gratis, and without even an
inquiry as to the rights or equities involved.
The Tkurman act distinctly challenges the
priority of these so-called first mortgage bonds
in its recital that they are, if lawfully issued
and disposed of, a prior lien to that of the Gov
eminent subsidy; but how if they were nat law
fully issued ana disposed of? Plainly in such
case' they have no priority. Now on their face
they evidently do not conform to the require
ments of the act of isti-i, and so were not law
fully issued, and as to the disposal of them
the report of the Railway Commission shows
that the.? were paid out by the directors of the
company to themselves under the thin dis
guise of a construction company, of which
they owned all the stock, end hence were not
lawfully disposed of. Surely this question of
law involving nearly $23,000,000 is worth
the consideration of a court.
111. These refunding schemes all proceed on
the presumption that the Government is with
out remedy against the guilty parties for these
misappropriated millions, although no one of
the private suit* brought against them on sim
ilar grounds has failed to secure a settlement
satisfactory to the plaintiffs. '-Trie allega
tions," cays the report of the commission
(p. 73), "contained in these complaints were
such as would compel men of honor, if these
allegations were false, to defend themselves at
any cost. It appears from the evidence that all
these suits were settled, and that the stock
owned by the plaintiffs was bought at rates I
varying from £400 to $1000 per share." Why
should an effort for redress by the United j
States be less eflicient than one of a private in
dividual? That railroad managers and their
partisans should favor an abandonment of
these claims is easily understood; that it should
be advocated by the surviving partner of the
firm that did the vrrong and secured tne fruits
of it is also natural enough; but that legisla
tors looking only at public interest should
even entertain such a proposition before all
all means of collection have been exhausted
passes comprehension.
IV. These railroad corporations are not in
fact so destitute of means to pay as is repre
sented ; on the contrary they have valid claims
of large amounts against persons possessed of
great wealth sufficient to materially reduce
the amount of the debts, and, when added to
the sinking fund in the treasury, perhaps to
extinguish the principal of them. The Central
Pacific Company, for example, has a perfectly
valid claim against its guilty directors lor all |
the millions misappropriated by them; and
even if the estates of the deceased associates
prove beyond the reach of the law Mr. < mils P.
iluntington yet remains. lie is the surviving
pawner of the combination that did the wrong,
and) if not the author of the scheme was un
doubtedly a guilty participant in the proceed
ings. Ho and his millions are directly responsi
ble to the Central Pacific Railroad Company.and
to Us creditors, claiming in proper proceedings,
as such, for all the misappropriated moneys.
He is an active promoter of refunding. He an
nually leaves home to attend the National cap
ital, preparing, art vising and advocating some
refunding bill. Why, at his advanced age and
possessed of wealth beyond his power to spend,
does he assume this toilsome, wearing, expen
sive and odious labor, which his confidential
letters to his associates, published by the Kail
way Commission, show that he hates and de
tests? Not, be assured, because he feels any in
terest in 6e«-ing the Govermentdebt paid, but
because he knows that without the condona
tion involved in refunding he will, in the
mere ordinary course of justice, be called
on to make restitution! His whole interest in
the question is in the condonation that re
funding or extension necessarily involves.
V. All of the Southern Pacific Railroad south
of Gilroy and Alcalde belongs equitably to the
Central Pacific Company. It was built dis
tinctly with the credit of that company, di
verted by unfaithful directors to the construc
tion of a rival road. This tact is of easy proof;
and this asset, with the others above named,
will go far to extinguish the Central Pacific
debt. This also is too valuable an asset to be
surrendered gratis.
VI. But far more important than all other
considerations is the deep shame and dishonor
such legislation as proposed will bring on
our country and the Congress that enacts it.
Consider the simple facts as history will record
them.
The United States advanced for theconstruc-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1596.
tion of the roads, in principal and interest
which it has paid, is paying, and will Day, up
to maturity in all $178,884,249, and donated
over 26,000,000 acres of land worth at Govern
ment price over .$«>5,073,83tJ, in all $243,953,
--595. This advance was made in the midst of
civil war and groat public peril, when every
sentiment ot patriotism and honor demanded
| the strictest fidelity to duty in dealings with
; the public. Yet nearly half of the vast sum
I was misappropriated and diverted to their
| own use by the parties intrusted with the
, work, and the companies in whose names they
j acted are left at the end of thirty years stripped
of all means to pay, while tho individual direc
tora are nil millionaires!
To condone such a shocking malversation of
public funds, especially after publishing to the
i world the particulars and proofs of the facts, as
congress has done in the report of its Railway
: COJamimloit, will be to say to all the world that
i the American Congress considers these tnansac
tlona quite up to its standard of morality in
dealing with public trusts; that mtsaporop'iia
• tion of public moneys, if done on a large BCSIe,
i and by men wealthy from the proceeds of their
! guilt, is but a minor ollense for which a prom
i lse to pay half a century hence will buy for
-1 give;iess. Nay, that Congress will not even
1 wait to be asked for it, but will be fore
: handed with the offenders and offer them an
i unsolicited pardon. What will be the verdict
i of posterity on the Congress which enacted or
i the members who voted for such legislation
may be easily foretold. What will they think of
' them:eives a few years hence, when the man-
I agerss, liaviug secured a condonation of their
! offenses, and entrenched thtir wealth behind
; a new act of Congress, make default (as most
; assuredly they will) on their new promises
I and abandon the roads to the United States,
| subject to a mortgage of undoubted validity
, of two or three hundred millions, with a float
j ing debt of eight or ten millions more, and re
| duced to the physical condition described by
one of their own distinguished lieutenants as
"two streaks of rust and a right of way"!
Your petitioners, therefore, earnestly pro
test against surrendering the first lien'of the
I Government subsidy bouds or any Congres
sional recognition that it has been surren
dered; let the courts decide Hint question;
i and to present it as well as to collect from the
I guilty directors of the roads the sums they
i have wrongtully taken, we pray that the Gov-
I eminent mortgage be at once foreclosed, as
I recommended by the United States Railway
i
i Commission and as authorized by the act o
Congress passed March '.i. 1887.
And your petitioners will ever pray. etc.
The Committkk 6f Fifty.
Appointed by the monster meeting at Metro
-1 politau Temple, December 7. 1895.
Ajdolph Sutbo,
Mayor of San Francisco, chairman.
John bL Kkynoi.ds,
Secretary.
John T. Doylb,
.1. M. BA9BBTT,
Ta.yi.oi: EOQBBB,
K. W. McKinstry,
Sub-Committee on Memorial.
Judcro McKinstry, commenting on the
1 memorial in the most vigorous terms, de
clared: "Corporations have no souls. Do
i not dicker with them. Take what you
! can get and let them go. If the Central
Pacific is not worth tiie debt let us take
the 'two streaks of rim and a ri.^nt of way'
if we can get nothing else; but let the
people take what is rightfully and legally
due as a debt to the (iovernrnent."
James Barry, editor of the Star, ex
pressed the belief that the press and the
; individuals that contributed so liberally to
j secure a political convention for San Fran-
I cisco for the good of the State might be
counted on to contribute something to
ward the $10,000 for a more patriotic and
valuable Rood to California.
Oscar Lewis reported that he had sc
! cured the promise of $200 from the Build
ers' Association as a contribution to the
fund.
HELPING THE NEEDY.
Good Work Done by the Ladies of
the Fruit and Flower
Mission.
The fifteenth annual meeting and elec
tion of officers of the San Francisco Fruit
and Flower Mission was held yesterday
and the attendance was large. The secie
tary reported that the young ladies have
visited 170 cases and have given the neces
saries of life to the deserving with a
liberal hand. On the list of regular sub
scribers aie several large wholesale
houses, from which liberal donations are
re ceived.
The treasurer reported that the mission
distributed $1963 83 last year. The elec
tion of officers resulted as follows:
President, Miss H. L«szynski; first vice
president, Mrs. G. H. Buckingham; second
vice-president, Miss x. Rodgers; secretary,
Miss Ida Pisaer; assistant secretary, Miss J.
Armer; treasurer, Mrs. P. Bunker; librarian,
Miss Douglas; assistant librarian, Miss Brown
trustees— M. H. Heoht, George H. Buckingham,
Theo E. Smith, Ileniiau Bhratnwald, Dr. G. P.
Shields; advisory board— Miss Mary West Mrs
J. W. Raymond, Mrs. X. B. Currier, Mrs. Oliver
Eldridge, Mrs. George P. Ashlon, Mrs. E. P.
bltjsson.
After the business was transacted the
ladies inspected the new mission head
quaiters recently removed from Post street
to 631 Sutter street. There are seven
rooms in the new quarters which give an
opportunity for handling the goods sent to
and distributed from trie mission. Last
year the mission handled twelve cases of
goods a month, but now the number has
increased to forty cases. In the new home
there are several rooms where the books
and clothing for distribution are kept,
which is an improvement on the old place,
Hark Sharpshooter I.iiieli .1.
Action for an aggregate of $1446 01 wages
was brought in the United States District Court
yesterday against the British bark Sharp
shooter by Mate George Bainbridge and Sea
men Paul Peters, Bernard M. Petersen
Rudolph Johnson, Kdward Gilbert, Olof Olson
Alex Peterson and William Carroll. P4aintiffs
shipped for a voyage across the Pacific and re
turn.
Special Trains to Jngleglde.
Beginning to-day the Southern Pacific Com
pany will run daily special trains, except Sun
days, from the Third and Townsend streets
depot to the Ingleside races and return. The
fare will be $1 for the round trip, including
admission to the racetrack and grand stand, or
25 cents for the round trip alone.
The artists' material department of San born,
Vail & Co. has no equal. It is right up to date
in everything. New etudies just from Europe
Prans's "Old California Missions" and lots of
novelties to paint witn and paint on. •
SMART MENZIES ASKS FOR A REHEARING
Police Commission Fight
Again in the Supreme
Court.
TO OUST M. A. GUNST.
The Relator Believes the High
Tribunal Has Slipped
Certain Cogs.
POINTS OF HIS PETITION
A Main Contention Is That Important
Constitutional Questions Were
Overlooked.
The fight between Stewart Men zies and
Moses Gunst, the incumbent, for the po
lice conimissionership lias assumed a new
phase. A petition for rehearing in bank
of the case has been prepared for filing in
the Supreme Court. Its main point is
that the decision in People vs. Hammond
does not apply to this case.
The petition, which is very voluminous,
is signed by Henry N. Clement, of counsel
for the relator, Stewart jilenzies, the title
of the case being "The People of the State
of California, by W. F. Fitzgerald, Attor
ney-General, on the relation of Stewart
Menzies, plaintiffs and appellants, vs.
Moses Gunst, defendant and respondent."
The petition opens as follows :
The counsel for the rolator in this case, Stew
art Menzies, maintains that both he and the
(iovernor of the State of California, »vho ap
pointed him to the office of Police Commis
sioner of the City and County of San Francisco,
have a just cause of grievance (using the word
in its legal and not in its personal souse)
against this high tribunal, by reason of the
fact that the decision rendered by the court
on the 16th ult. virtually ignored the impor
tant constitutional questions involved in the
case, which were fully presented by the briefs
of counsel on file; and that the opinion of
.liutice Heiifchaw (which was concurred in by
the court) doen not conform to the spirit of
section *2, article VI. of the organic law of this
Btate, which require! that "the grounds" of
the decision "shall be stated."
The relator therefore asks for a rehearing in
bank in order that his case may be fully dis
cussed upon its merits, and that when a'deci
sion is rendered by the court upon such re
hearing it may be rendered upon the merits.
All we have asked and all wo now ask is that
the court respond to the question:
Did People vs. Hammona decide that the
right to appoint Police Commit, mers was not
given to the tiovernor by section 4, article
XX, of the' institution?
we asser. that the above question was not
raised in People vs. Hammond, was not con
tended for in People vs. Hammond, was not
discussed In People vs. Hammond, and was
not decided in People vs. Hammond, and thai
it has never in any other case thai came before
this court been raised, contended for, discussed
or decided.
* ♦ • * ♦
We therefore ask for a hearing before this
court upon the claims of section 4 of article
XX of the constitution, as being the true
source from which the Governor of the State
of California derives bis poorer to appoint Po
lioe Commissioners. We have not had a hear
ing upon it. Having presented its claims as a
constitutional provision to this court, we dtem
ourselves entitled to the grounds upon which
the court decides that .t is not the source of
the tluvemor'.s Dover.
It will not do to put aside a constitutional
lion without 'lt'bate, nor will it do to as
sume that a constitutional provision was con
sidered in some prior case in which its claims
were not advocated.
We came before this court representing the
itive branch oi the State tovernnient of
California aavocating the claims ot" a constitu
tional provision upon which is based the exer
cise of an important executive function, and
have asked that it be interpreted, construed
and applied.
We nifi answered by a decision of the judicial
branch of the State government of California
that It will not consider tho constitutional
question now presented to it upon tbe ground
thai it will conclusively presume that the ques
tion lif.d been Already adjudicated adversely
to thy executive branch of the government in
n former case, although, in such former case
the claim of the constitutional provisions now
relied upon by the executive ns the source of
his power was not advocated, was not discussed
uiid was not even mentioned by the counsel
whose duty it would have been to advocute it,
was not the subject of discussion before the
court by either counsel as a factor in deter
mining the constitutional issue before the
court, and was not mentioned, discussed, or in
any way alluded to by the court In rendering
its decision.
If fas we claim to have demonstrated) the
questions adjudicated in this etise were not
considered by the court in People vs. Ham
liH'ini, how i;ari a series of subsequent deci
sions following and based upon People vs.
Hammond constitute an adjudication oi the
principles contended for in tiiis case?
lu^'.ue Henshaw refers to People vs. Pond,
8!) «»!., 1-10: People vs. Edwards, 93 Cal.. 153;
and People vs. Newman, 90 (,'al., 005, as cases
following and based upon the principles of
People vs. Hammond.
In neither of the abo^e cases were the pro
visions of tteorton 4 of article XX of tue 'con
stitution (upon which we rely in this case)
discussed or brought under view.
These cases are then analyzed to prove
the contention, the petitioner thereafter
remarking:
The comments of Justice Paterson, in his
opinion in People vs. Pond, upon the effect
which a decision overruling the former oases
would have upon municipal proceedings in
Snn Francisco are mere dicta and can have no
bearing upon tne case, but inasmuch as they
were deemed worthy of being twice quoted by
Justice Henshaw in his opinion in this case it
is but just that we should have the opportunity
of expressing the sorrow we feel that we cannot
in this petition be permitted to show what the
effect has been, and is now, upon municipal
proceedings in Pan Francisco by what we deem
to be an indiscriminating adherence to the
decision oi the court in People vs. Hammond,
and the failure of the court to distinguish the
present contention from that made in People
vs. Hammond.
After citing authorities for the court
overruling a decision rendered by itself on
an erroneous assumption, the petition con
cludes:
There Is more involved in this case than the
mere question of whether the rolator, Stewart
Menzies, or the respondent, Moses A. Gunat,
shall occupy the ottiee of Police Commissioner.
In ordinary Qtses fas remarked by Justice
McFarland "in People vs. Freeze) "It is not a
matter of much importance who should tem
porarily have the office struggled for"; but
in this case the startling claim is made by the
respondent, Guust (based upon the decision of
this court in People vs. Hammond) that he has
the right to hold the office eternally, or, at least,
as long as his life shall last and his good be
havior continues, and that there is uo power
on earth to remove him. Under a constitu
tional government, the organic law of which
exprenljr limhs the term ot offices to four years,
the claim of Mr. Ciunst challenges our attention
and we are instinctively led to Inquire how
huch an anomalous state of affairs could have
been brought about.
A great principal is involved in this case.
We have earnestly contended that an impor
tant provision of the fundamental law upon
which the Chief Kxecutive Of this State liases
his rifrht to exercise the function of appoint
ing a Police Commissioner has never been con
sidered by this court. As proof of the fact we
refer the court to the record of the cases m
which the question of his power to make such
appointments was at issue, and find that the
constitutional provision upon which he now
bases his right to appoint has never been al
luded to or mentioned, much less commented
upon, in any case. Wo have invoked that
Constitutional provision (section 4, ani
cle XX) in this ease, and have asked that it be
nowconsideredand construed. The court has
rendered a decision in which it declines to con
sider the merits of the executive contention,
and insists upon an assumption or inference
that the constitutional provision relied upon
as the course of the Governor's power to act
(viz.: section 4, article XX), was considered
and construed in the case of People vs. Ham
mond, although it was not cited upon the
point in controversy, its claims were not ad
vocated, and no mention whatever is made of
it in the decision ofthe court.
We respectfully urge that the court has
erred in not vouchsafing to us a hearing upon
the merits of the constitutional provision
which forms the basis of the relator's claim,
and we, therefore, ask that the judgment of
the court be set a-ide and a new hearing
granted. Kespectfullv submitted,
HEXI'.Y N. CLEMENT,
Of Counsel for the Rehitor, Stewart Menzies.
DEATH OF THERESA CORLETTE.
She Wag Well Known as a Writer for the
I.ocui l'l ■■•-■..
The many friends of Mrs. Theresa Cor
lette will learn with sincere sorrow that
she died some three weeks ago at Milan,
Italy, where she was superintending the
musical education of her daughter Ethel.
The cause of her decease is stated in a
cablegram as a severe cold settling upon
her lungs. Under direction from her rela
tives here, the body will be cremated, and
the sad duty will devolve upon her daugh
ter of returning at once to this country
bearing the sacred ashes of her mother and
guardian. Miss Ethel had entered upon
her career as an operatic singer, and bad
been received with satisfactory results.
Mrs. Theresa Corlette was for many
years an accepted writer upon the papers
and magazines of this City and a bright
and breezy correspondent of the Eastern
and Australian press over the norn de
plume of "Silver Pen." Her Christmas
offering was always either a story or a
poem in which some heart.touching inci
dent of heroic suffering on one side was
balanced by Christian benevolence and
charity on the other, the entire recital in
citing the reader to helpful assistance to
the distressed.
The deceased lady leaves three daugh
ters and two sons, all of whom are occupy
ing honorable and useful positions in this
State.
SALVATION FOR CHINESE
The Army Will Soon Open Up
in New Mongolian Head
quarters.
A Number of White Officers Have
Learned Chinese— Consent of
the Consul Gained.
The Salvation Army is about to open a
branch of its work in Chinatown. The
Consul-Generul, while not contemplating
enrollment under the banner himself, has
expressed sympathy with the scheme, and
so many Chinese merchants have promised
their support that it is expected the new
branch will be entirely self-supporting.
While the fact is not generally known,
there arc a number of Chinese soldiers in
the ar n iy, and these converts have ex
pressed a desire to get in among their
Mongolian brethren and hunt up recruits.
The officers who have worked most in
Chinatown are also anxious to nave a
headquarters, and with this end in view
they have been diligently studying the
language for months. Several of them
can now converse quite easiiv in the
Cantonese dialect, and. what "is harder
still, they can understand everything that
is said to them in the same tongue.
Captain Ma; Jackson has been appointed
head of the new branch. She has hud
considerable experience in Chinatown, and
phe can wrestle with the difficulty of talk
ing to the yellow-skinned denizens of that
quarter better than any of the other mem
bers of the local corps. " All the oflicers at
present detailed for the Chinatown branch
are white and all of them have learned
Chinese expressly for the work. Many of
the soldiers will be Chinese, and it is pos
sible that before long sorno of them will
rise from the ranks.
Several rooms are being considered, but
a definite choice of headqr.arterß has not
yet been made. The branch will be sit
uated somewhere in the heart of China
town, however, and as it is to be opened
by the first of next month the selection
will prooably be made within the next few
days. The army intends to make it hot
for the heathen as soon as it begins its
work, and as several of tho converted
Mongolians are musicians the regular
music of the army meetings will be aug
mented in the Chinatown branch by the
dulcet strains of the tomtom and the
moon-faced bunjo.
NEW EASTBOUND KATES.
Thoy "Will Go Into Jiffect on the Rail
roads ou the 24th of This
Month.
It wa3 decided yesterday by the Southern
Pacific Company and its connections to put
the advanced rates announced in Tuesday's
Call into effect on the 24th inst.
The New YorK rates apply oniy to freignt
shipped via New Orleans over the Sunset,
and via Galveston over the Mallorv line.
As was stated in The Call on Tuesday
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company will
also advance the rates, maintaining the
present differential of $'!.' It has not yet
been decided when the advanced rates
will go into effect via the isthmus; they
may become operative on the steamer that
leaves on the 18th, or may not be put in
force until the' 2Bth.
NEW TO-DAT. ■:''''•'''.'
Wonders
never
cease!
The latest wonder is a drugstore
with actually no fancy prices.
GOLD WEATHER COMFORT:
Chest Protectors, 1 50 c, 75c, $1.
Hot-Water Bottles, 60c, 80c. $1.
IChest Protectors, 1 50 c, 75c, $1.
Hot-Water Bottles, 60c, 80c. $1.
Toronto Club Malt Whiskey (sole
agents), i3c, 50c, 75c, $1. : ;
THE WONDER DRUGSTORE
FLETCHER * CO.,
1028 Market Street.
• Try the "Wonder Cough Cure."
Just a Reminder to drop: ' . JJL,
your 5 and write 6. _■ , "■'_ . _^^^I^*"^_
Everybody kn<rv#s it's '06, yet ?^^"™™"^^i
many forg«u: Most .everybody . 1 "trade/ v*
knows that for several reasons' . , " II •«■ y ■»» I
STANDARD SHIRTS P«.ls.j|
Are the kind to wear, but many I P^ Al^l!l I
forget. A •■/,, ■..■-■. ■•-. '-^ I n ml I
Please don't. \J) I f \Xjt
All stores. Neustadtet Bros., >» l\J|'\r
Mfrs., a. F. . ' • , vy_
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
iHNTIC SPECIAL PURCHASE
QTP- _
..■ ■ '
Ladies' and Children's
HOSIERYjDNDERWEAR!
In connection with the MARVELOUS BARGAINS that are
drawing such crowds to our Great Midwinter Clearance Sale we
are offering an extra attraction in the shape of a GIGANTIC
SPECIAL PURCHASE of Ladies' and Children's Hosiery and
Underwear, which we bought at a TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE, and
in turn offer
AT ONLY ABOUT HALF PRICE!
' ' ." AX is Cents a Fair.
173 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE TUBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and
toes, Hermsdorf blaok, sizes 5 to 8% inches, worth $3 per dozen, will be placed on
sale at 15c a pair.
At 1 evi> Cpnts a Fair*
167dczen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, seamless,
double heels and toes, worth $3 per dozen, will be placed on sale at 12} a pair.
V AX S5 Cents a Fail?.
159 dozen CHILDREN'S REAL.FRENCH BLACK RIBBED MACO COTTON HOSE,
• double heels and toes, guaranteed fast black, sizes 5 /. 1 to BV£, worth $6 per dozen,
will be placed on sale at 25c a pair, all sizes.
At la 1 Cents el Fail*.
163 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes, mode and tan shades,
worth $2 50 per dozen, will be placed on sale at l-'Uc a pair.
' -;• v * At 1 5 Cents a Fail-.
154 dozen LADIES' RIBBED TOP BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and toes,
Herrnsdorf black, also black boot and colored top combinations, worth $3 per dozen,
will be placed on sale at 15c a pair.
-A-t as Cents a Pair.
123 dozen LADIES' 1-1 RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes
• warranted fast black, worth ?ij per dozen, will be placed on sale at 2oc a pair.
At 25 Cents Each.
78 dozen LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS, high neck, long sleeves and high neck
■ short sleeves, worth 50c, will be placed on sale at 25c each.
-A.t SO Cents Each.
69 dozen LADIES' HYGIENIC VESTS AND DRAWERS, non-irritating, always soft
and more durable than the ordinary knit, natural color only, worth $1 will be
placed on sale at soc each. '
AX SO Cen+.s Each.
31 dozen LADIES' GENUINE SWISS-RIBBED ALL-SILK VESTS, high neck long
sleeves, small sizes only, sky, pink and cream color, worth $1 50, will be placed oa
Bale at 60c each.
/M/W^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
if Market Street, corner of Jones, /
• • RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
LOW RATES BY RAIL
PORTLiikKriJ, OH.
THURSDAY JANUARY 9,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co. '3 Ferry landing:, foot ,
of Market St., at 8:00 P. M.
A"7 C ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tourls:
9/,OU Weeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In © 1 £.00
Pullman Standard Sleeper, ' <!?-!■<-'
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
US" Through Tickets for l»uget Sound
Points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MAUKJET STREET (Grand Hot*
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. UOODMAS,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. AgL
SOUTHERN P.HIFK' COMPANY.
. .: ;.•", '."■' . (pacific SVISIEM.)
' li-Klna leave ncifl nro tine to urrli * til
SAN VBaHCUCO.
UCAVg — li'iro>f November 20. IGSS. — AIIKIVB
6:8Oa Haywards, Isiles and Way Stations.. ] 61 1 ."iX
' 7:OOa Atlantic Kipre?s, Og^len and I'.ast.. 8:45p
• 7<ooa Ucnida, VacarlUo. I!urr.sey. Sacra-
- ■;■• mento, and Redding via UaTlr.. ., T:l3p
7>3oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Bon 6:15p
8:30 a Kile;, Ban .lose, Stockton, lone.
■ . . ■ * Sacramento, HarjSTiile, Iteil Ulnft
'•■ .' and Sundays excepted Oro»il!o 4:15p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton "7:15p
9jOOa San Leacdro, Hayrards & Way St'na 1 1 :45a
o:<i<».\ Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Ycseautc), Santa Barbara .
and 1,03 Auseles 4 :4^ p
9iooa Martinez and Stockton I-.:J5.\
IO:UO.\ San LcaDdro, Kaywards atzd Nile . . 3 :45p
1 2:00 m San Leaudro, Hajvsrds & Way Ss'ns 2:45*
: ... l:OOp Is'iicn, San Jose and Litermore 8:4.1\
•l:OOp Sacramento l!iver Stenmors "9:00p
fl.-SOp Port Costa and Way Stxtion3 f?s4sf
3:OOp,SanLeanilro, llajwwdßfcWaySt'r.s f»:4sp
* :00p San Leaadro, Hayrrards & Way Sfns C:S
4:ooi> Mdrtiaez, Hau Itamcn, Vallejo.
••.■, ' Napa, Caliatoga, El Verauo and
'.■'-■ Santa •: 13 a
g *:••* EerJci:v, Eaparto, Woodland,
■ • ; Knights Landhig, 'JlgrysTille,
Oruville and Sacramento 10:45 a.
4iB9p San Joso, LiTermora aud
: Stockton 7slBp
1 5:00p SauLetndro, Haywards&Way St us 8:45p
3:30r New Orleans Kvprcs.t.Kreßno.Bakcrei-
tiold, Santa Barbara.Los Angeles,
Denting, El Paso, Nsw Orleans and
East 19:43 a
S:3of SanU Fa ltonte, AUautio Impress
for Mojave. nud K:i3t 10:43 a
. • :Ooi> Tliu-opeau Mail, Ojilen and Kast.T.*. 9:43 a
■O:OOi> Haywards, Niifsund San Joso 7:43«
" J7:OOpVftlleJo 17:43p
7toop Oregon J'JxpreHß, Surratncnto. Marys-
Tillc, Jletl<lir,|f, Portland, l'uset
;.«* Sound and last 10:43 a
. ' 7:00p Baa Leandro, Hayward3& Way 6t,'u3 1 0:30p
»:00p San Leandro.Haywards&V/ay Sins It I -:00a
"Sunset Lusncd," Fresno, Los 
Angeles. El Paso, Now Orleans • '! ■
? and Ea5t.. ........................ §l^t43p
fflltl.gr SanLeandro.Hayirards&WaySt'ns 7:15 a
SANTA <ltl'/ DIVISION (Xorioiv Pang-).
81 ISA Newark. CeiitervlHe, Han >l one. Fol toil, |
Boulder Creek, Santa Cniz and Way
■ .' Stations...'. .; ssS*l
•2:15r Newark, Centervllle. San Joec. New
AUnaden, 1- ell on, ltouldcr Omk,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
" Stations • M :2<>4
4:13r Newark. Srm .Iv.te and l.os l.'atos 9:50 a
11:451' Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose awl
Way Stations. ......■.; t7:2op
COAST DIVISION (Third & Toniiscml Sis.)
■ ;6:45ASan .!o;,u ami Way Kl;iti<;n>i (tic*.'
Almidcn Wednaadajs only), ;.-.... 1:15*
■:I3a fj.in .Josm, Iron J'imw, <Snnln Cni/,
I'acillo Grots, Paso Roblcr, San *"..'
Luis ol>iBii(>, Guadalupe ami Prin-
cipal Way . Stations ..;..........• 7:05p
- 10:40 a San Jose anil Way 5tati0n5. ........ ■ ft:<lOp
. 11:45.\ Palo Alto mid Way (Stations 3i30l
; "2:30i-San Jose, Gilroy. Trcg Pinon, SaLta
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey andP.icUk:
Crovo ........;:.... ■.:::....■. "10:10 a
; SanJoßcnudl'riiiciiwl WaySjtatiuns !»:47*
. *4:3oi> San Joso ami Way Stations..,. •«".:00»
5:30i«.8an .logo Wny Stations..":.'..... *U:'lS*
.' U::tWp S.in.Tosn nu<l Way ftkiuions ;.;;.... (S:2s\
•Hl:4sp San . lose ni"l Way Statlniiw.-.*;.'.-.:.. ; 17;43t
; -CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom miKOISCO— Foot of JUrktt Street (SHd ! B)— v ; .-'.
:i;S *s;oo %0Z tUQ * 2:30 » :M
FrsmOAEllHD— Foot of Broidwaj - • *G-0O 800
10:004.11. U2:CO *l:00 ' {5K30 »3:CO tI. : CB
*S:OQr.M. ■■■•-•.-■■■• ■ ■ ; • ;;■■■ ■
_ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday* excepted. -^ . . t Saturdays only.
». •,. ' ■ ' ' w * Sundays only. .
: ' .• tf Monday. Thursday and Saturday night? only.
TTuesd»js an J Saturdays 6 Sundays and Thuredsifc
I RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRAMSCO&iWRTBPI.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburoa Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
i WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:3%
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Ektra trl»
« 11 : 5 -30p M M Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:5 "
i SLNI)AYS-8:6o, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 a
6 :00, 6 :20 P. it.
! San Kafael to San Francisco.
; WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a it-
a?i*^^a^J^-p.T Ur^ 8 - E — '^
: BU^^, Y B^°M. 9:4 °' U:l ° A - X':K ' : I:4 °- 3:4 *
1 Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
I 1 cave , Inpffe-* Arrive
San Francisco.. ocr^ls.' San *"ra'n C c i sco .
j sis U^attOß. B,>. [W^r
jia\B. i days. days. I Dayh.
I 7:40 am 8:00 am] Novato, 10:40 asi| 8:50
j 8:30 pm 9:30 am I Petaluma, j 6:05 pm 10:30 AM
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm| 6:15 pk
Fulton, i ~~"
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 in
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
I 8:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 p«
Vleta, i '
. 7:40 am' ' Eqpland &
'■ 18:00 am Pklah. | 7:30 PMj 6:15 pm
i 7:40 am I 10:30 am
I ; 8:00 ami GuernevKle. 7:30 pm
, 8:80 pm| j (__ I 6:15 pm
: 7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1 10:40 AM I 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm arid I 6:05 PMI 6:15 pm
; j j Glen Ellen. |
I 7:40 am 8:00 AM: *„*,..,„„-, 1 10:40 am 10:30 am
S:3orM|s:OOp>i feeoaatopol. [ . O5 pM | ( ; :1 PM
Stages connect at Ban Rnfaei for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.-
-: Stapes connect at Pieta for Hichland Spring*
Keise.vvllle. Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell, "Upper Lake, Roo'ievi'.ie, Green,
wood, MendocinoCit7. Fort BragK, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, CalpelU, Porno, Potter Vtlley, Joh»
Day's, Lively' 3, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scoiia
and KureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets as redacts
ntea.
On Sundays roc nd-trip ticket* to all point* fe*>
ond San Rafael at half rates.
j Ticket Oflicps.fiSO Market St., Chronicle balldlnf>
U. O. WHITINO, K. X. BY AN,
Gea. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.
|
8 Trains from and arriTt
sT^ * f* •
Pacific
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrlTt
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Line
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dinlne-cart,
under Harveys management. Connecting train*
I leave San Francisco at fi a. m. and 3:30 P. M. daily.
I The best railway from California to the East.
; r.ew rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars.
Ticket Office— 044 market SStreett t
i : Chronicle Building*
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
i From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1883.
WEEKDAYS.
! For Mill Valley and San Kafael-7:30, orls, 11:09
■ i A. M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, : : .0 p. M.
1 Ban Qaentin-7:30, 9:15 a. m.: 1:46, 6:16 r. M.
, Extra trips ior Sun Uamel on Mondays, We<la«e>
days aiid Mat unlays at 11:30 p. 11.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Kafuei aud San Quen'ln-
-8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a.m.; 1:30. 3:00, 4:30, '8:11
p.m. 'Does not run to San Qiifntin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:30 a. m. weekdays— Cazadcro and way station*,
I 1:45 P. it. Saturdays— Tomalea and way siailons>
0:00 a. m. Sunday*— Point lie> cs ana way tlAUua
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARREIi,
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Freights nominal.
■Wheat advanced again.
Barley easier.
Oats higher. Corn stiff.
Rye quiet.
Leans and Seeds dull.
Hay firm. Feedstuffs ditto.
Flour very strong.
Potatoes an ! Onions steady.
Butter and Cheese firm. Eg;s weakening.
Poultry fairly steady.
Came doing better.
Apples, Oranges and lemons dull.
Pried Fr.iiis and Raisins neglected.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Wool quieter and easy.
Hops dead as usual.
li ( . : v higher. Beef and Mutton firm.
Coffee dull.
No further change in coal. Oils undisturbed.
Canned Fruits inactive.
VTEATHER BUREAC KKPORT.
I'MTKII STATES DK.PARTMKNT OP_AORICrL
rriiK. Wkathkb Bubkau, San Fras'cisco, Jan
i - - -6, . r > P. M. Weather conditions and
ast:
following are the seaional rainfalls to date
1 ared with tiiose of the same date last year:
hureka 16.90, last season 22.13; Red Bluff 8.66,
16 86; >;im t'ranctoco 4.10. last season
15. tin; Fresno 1.11, la*t season 7.15; San Luis
■ L.OO. last season 15.32; Lbs Angeles 1.71,
ion 8.51 . shii Diego 1.57, last season 3.20;
■^ uma .82, ins; season 'J."JI.
The following maximum temperatures are re- I
ported from stations in California to day: Eureka ■
tiO. Red Bluff 52. San Francisco 55. Fresno 68, In
ilepeudence 50. San Luis Obispo 60. Los Angeles I
h'J. San DiegO 72, Ynmn 72.
S;n, Francisco data— Maximum temperature 55,
minimum -J6, mean 50.
The :irea of hish pressure still continues over
Vtah. an<l tdere" is no sign us yet of its motion
eastward. I" tit 11 this high area moves toe threat
ening weather wilt continue without rain. As soon
ns it moves rain may bo expected. A large areaof
low pressure prevails to-night over Washington
nml eastward to Montana. Another area of low
pressure exists off the co. Ist of Southern Califor
nia. The pressure has risen rapidly along the Ore
gon coasi during the past twelve hours. ciouny
weather and heavy rain has occurred generally
linrih 01 the fortieth parallel and west of the Rocky
Mountains. High southerly winds are reported
along the Washington roast. The temperature has
remuiued practically stationary along the entire |
Pacific Slope.
m ■■■ •■ San lr;incisco for thirty
: ii January ;«. 1896:
. ■!>• weather;
the northern portion; stationary temper
ai'ir.-; I,- 9 i southeasterly winds.
roift— Cloudy and threatening;
I ry temperature; northeasterly winds.
id a Cloudy; stationary temperature.
rmi. > loudy -. warmer.
.Arizona— Fair; stationary temperature.
>aii Francisco and v.cinity— Threateningweather,
probably with showers; stationary temperature;
•outheasterty winds.
A. McAdik. Local Forecast Official,
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Wall street was
quiet to-day and a more confident tone character- ■
ized the dealings. Prices with rare exceptions ad
vanced quickly in response to buying orders and
the supply of stocks offered at the higher quota
tions was so gin all that this feature of the specula- i
tion led to comment. I. on. inn was a buyer of St.
Paul and Louisville and Nashville i" cover shorts. '
Far more important, however, in bringing about !
the restoration of confidence among sock traders
was the general impression that there was a strong
understanding among the nig bankers ami the
Treasury Department whereby the gold reserve
will be strengthened in case of a raid.
No facts were forthcoming to sustain this theory, ;
hut it nevertheless ad a reassuring effect. Minor!
factors at work were the reduction in the posted
rates of sterling exchange of 1._,. the decision of the
Delaware and Hudson to maintain the reaular I
dividend of 7 per cent during lS9t>. the compara- j
live ease of money on call and the llfzlit withdraw
als of ;;ol<l frcm the sub-treasury. The refusal of
the cle:irini:-hoiise banks to open special gold ac
i-ounts with clients also bad some influence in
fnvor of Richer prices.
The opening prices ranged from i 2 to 3 per cent,
and was most marked In the anthracite coalers,
the grangers, industrials, Louisville and Nashville,
Western ITmoti and the southwesterns. .Man-
Italian ruled firm until near the dose, when it
hold down :v»4. to 97. The break was due to a raid.
Speculation closed quiet and firm. Net changes
show advances of %fe@*.2^£ per cent, wUh the an
thracites in the Ira.:. Manhattan lost '_'* 2 per cent
on the day. The total sales were 172,600 shares.
Bonds were higher, sales footed up $J. 105.000.
AtChiAon fours when issued rose 1% ;n74 1 ; ; .to
crrtiricates. I>2 to 71: Brooklyn elevated sixes, 1
to 1001,2: Ann Arbor fours, 2to 68; Kansas and
Texas seconds. 1 to 50V2, do fours, 2 to 82; Head
ing first preferred, 1% to 20; do seconds, I*4 to 8;
do thirds 1 to 42 2: San Antonio and Aransas Pass,
3 'A to 53; -• l.ouis Southwestern firsts, 114 to
7) i and rnioii Elevated sixes. 2 to 100.
l» ravin.
i LOT' n —Quiet, steady, unchanged. Southern
flour— Dull, unchanged. Kye flour— Quiet, easy, I
$2 sS<a2 H.*>. Buckwheat flour, 91 30.
BI'CKW II KAT— SJJc,
• I IRN MX \1- Dull; steady.
KVE— Nominal.
BAULKY- Nominal.
BAULKY M ALT— Unchanged.
Wllh AT— Dull, easier, with options closing
Steady. No. 2 red. store and elevator, 68-%(&69c;
BlioHt. 70 i.i(g,70 »/ 2 c: i. o. ii.. :: 4 ■'lTlc: ungraded I
re.l, 65@73c; No. 1 northern, 6bfta6B% a
Options advanced J/8<a 3 .8 Con firmer cables, and
political fOtupllcations abroad, with short cover
ings; declined I ; .2@T» C on foreign selling, weak
West and realizing; rallied 1-8° and closed steady
BtB s c under yesterday, with a fair trade. May
most active. No. 2, red. January. 6714 c; March,
We: May, 67%; June and July, 67c.
COKX- Jmli, firmer. No. 2, 353^0 elevator;
S6 : :4c afloat.
Options were firm. May and January most active.
January, 35 3 /4 c; February and -May, 33$ 8 c; July,
3 — More active, firmer. OpHonsqufet, firm.
er: oar/ and February, 24c; May. 24Vic. Spot
jirices: No. 2, 24Vic; No. 2 white, 2614 c: No. 2
Chicago,' 251.4 c: No. 3, 23V4@>23^c; No. 3 white,
"41 ie: mixed Western, 24Va@2aV2C; white do |
ani white State, 24 -»*c.
1 IK!' BRA X— 571<8@62%C.
Mil>li].!M..S-67i 2 "a,esc. Kye feed, 60@62VS|.
Provisions.
BEEF- Dull, unchanged. Beef hams, quiet,
$1560; tierced beef, firm, unchanged; cut meats,
Jlrnnr; pickled bellies, 4 7 c; do shoulders, 4i.ic
do hams, ■ . • 1 / 4 c.
LARD Quiet; firmer. Western steam, $5 70:
City. i*. > 30; January, $5 70; refined, : dull.
C«xttinent, s-6 10: South America, $6 40; com
pound, - : 62i/2@5.
PORK- Steady, unchanged.
BrriKU— Quiet, fan'-y, firmer: Plate dairy,
]'2(g,2\c; do creamery, 18@23c: Western dairy,
31<a,18c: do creamery, 18®2Bc: do June, 16®
y -2c; do favor.. 10@17c: Kleins, 15c; Imita
tion creamery,l4@l9c: rolls. 9@l2c
CHKKse— >lo<lerate demand; Statelarce, iyi®
10c; do fancy. 9%@10c; do small, 7%r«JlOV.c-
AV«st<rn small, 9V4®lOV*: part skims, »Vi®7c:
full skims, '2(<£'3c
K««S<— Steady. Slate and Pennsylvania, 20
(a.'26c: ern,2l@34c; icehouse, 17@21c: doper
case. - W.i 4 50: Western fresh, 2l'@2sc; limed.
: 7 '■'••■-
-1 ALLOW— Quiet, steady. city, 3-Tic; country,
8V e @4c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Firmer: crude, 24@24Vic;
vejiow, prime. 28V4<S.2H%c; do, off grade, 27@
iti»>lN— Dull. Strained, common to eood
*1 !•.•_'■ , : 1 65.
Tl" la-KN'l INK -Quiet; 30Vi(a3034c
POTA'J OKS— Firm. Sweets, $4 60.
\->:. -- Firm, active. New Orleans, open
kettle, iitichanped; choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE— Dull: easy, 5 down to 10 points up:
closing unchanged; spot JUo, .easier; dull; No. 7,
3 i
SI UAR— Raw, dull, steady; fair refining, 33/ 8
cprurifugal, 96 test, S%c. Jteflned, quiet, steady;
3 /8 fa i4 c lower; off a. 4.Vfe®4&c: mold A, si.^c
htandard A, 4VuC; confectioners'- A, 4- 1: 4 c: cut loaf,
£>'■_•'■ crushed. 6 Vie; powdered, sysc; granulated,
4j/ @sc; cubes, sVsc
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA, ITS- Apricots- Bags, 10Vi
@l'2c
V£ A CUES— 15c: unpeelea, SS/i®BVSiC, '
I'KL SKti-F our sizes. 5i, B @M/ic -'•"M'Ta
Kaisi.ns— Loose Muscatel, 3-crown, 3683 V^c: do
4-crown Kb t ' ■. ■
ALMONDS — Paper- sheU. ll@12c; do, soft-
Shell, v<a'.--
WALMJ'IS- Standard, 6V 2 @7c; do soft-shell.
e^(alUc.
HOPS -Quiet, unchanged; London market un
cuaaeed.
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand; unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— DuII, unchanged.
COPPER— Easy. Lake. $9 90@10.
LEAD— Weak. Domestic, $:Vg,.i 06.
11N— Steady. Straits, *13; plates. dulL
btKJLTKK— Nominal. Domestic, $3 85.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 1n.., Jan. B.— The speculative feel-
Ing was charged with nervousness this morning,
and wheat opened Irregular with prices unchanged
to S/kc higher than they closed yesterday under the
unsettled conditions. The English-German ques
tion led in Interest, and figured as an influence In
the marie:. The buying by the outside was not
ably large, commission houses having numerous
orders from their country clients. The demand
was met with free Offering* from professionals,
however, and aft-i ■ period 01 indecision the
market exhibited \venknes< from the pressure. The
New York stock market being higher and J-ns;iish
consols unchanged served to calm the fears of the
ira '. ■ . and checked the rising Inclination of prices.
Liverpool cables were quiet mid firm. Receipts
at Chicago were 79 cars and 19.804 bushels were
insuecieU from store. Northwestern arrivals were
4 - carj, ami nst 210 a year ago. Continental
markets were higher. Atlantic seaboard clearances
were fair at 870.818 bushels. May wheat opened
frjiTi 63c to 60.y B e, sold between 61VsC and <>OVBc,
closing at •;(!• s'".')!!'.*'-. "M'n'-ji- under yesterday.
Kstlmated receipts for to-morrow 65 cars.
COKN— Was ruled b.- the same irregularity as
wheat, early, the disposition among traders being
jO purchase, an advance ueing deemed probable.
The later action of the leading market was less ;
encouraging and the legitimate situation in corn ,
not being a strong one the early advance was lost.
Liverpool cables were firm. Receipts were 228
cars. There was no corn taken from store. Ex- i ■
port clearances \\«re 185,412 bushels. Mavcorn
opened from 29 to 2914 c, advanced 10 29 5/ B e, re
ceded to and closed at 2iti/ B @29Vi.c, Vi&^/sc higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
375 cats.
OATS— Practically the same action was noted In
oats as in the other grain markets, only there was
less activity, Prices were, firm at the start but
easy later. " Receipts were 88 cars and 356 bushels
were taken from store. May oats closed unchanged
from yesterday. .Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
135 cars.
FLAX— Was firm, Cash, 92@93c: January,
90c bid ;|May. 95&4 C. Receipts were 20 cars.
PROVISIONS— A little belter feeling prevailed
in product this morning. The tone of the market
was largely dependent upon the hog trade, and
was also assisted by the early feeling in grain. The
strength was folly sustained throughout the ses
sion, the close being 30c higher than yesterday for
May pork. 5c higher for May lard, and- 12Vic
higher for May ribs.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 571/fec; May, 6(Jife@6')i4c;
July, 60V 2 @«05/ B e.
CORN— January, 2634 c; May, 29V8@29Vic;
July, 30y c.
January, 17y a c: May, 19-'>i<ai9%C
-TORK—January, fit -i 7y 2 : May. £» 80. ." V
LARD— January, ?5 45: May. s6 75.
RlBS— January. $4 60: May. $4 871/t,.
MONEY— Was h'rm a; 6 per cent on call and
f>«i7 cent on time loans. Mew York exchange
Bold at f>Uc premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. The
run of cattle to-day was larger, but buyers. took
hold well and prices were generally stronger. The
demand for hogs was good and an advance of 5c
took place. The offerings were large but sales were
easily affected. There was a good demand for
sheep at strong prices.
CATTLE— Receipts, 18,000. Common to extra
steers. $3 I! Old 4 90: stockers and feeders, .$2 50
(S3 75; cows ami bulls, SI 60@3 80; calves, if 3 26
<&« 61): Texans. !?3 1 f)'^J4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 43,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 65653 82 Vi; common to choice
mixed, 93 60(0,3 r-b: choice assorted, $3 ?o<g)
380; light. $3 6(1@.» 82._.; pigs, $3 75@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Inferior to choice,
f 2(<i.3 75; lambs, $3 50@4 85.
NEW YORK stocks.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. ■
Money on call easy at S@S%i last loan at 8%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile pa- r
per, 7@9& Bar silver, t6e. Mexican dol- j
lars. 62*40. Sterling exchange is easier, with
actual bueiuess in banners' bills at $4 87i/2@4 87 3 /i
for sixty Gays and $4 89Vi for aeniand.
Posted rate*. $4 88@4' K9y 2 . commercial bills.
$4 86Mt($4 87 1 ,4. Government bonds have been
firmer; state bonds steady: railroad bonds firm.
Silver at the board was higher.
ciofino stocks. ,
Am Tel A Cable.... 95 i Norfolk A Wes ... 1 •■>*
Atchlson 13%! Preferred Hi
Preferred -o:' s North American... 4y 4
Adams express. . . [.Northern Pacific. 2»/ 4
Alton, Haute. 63 I Preferred 10 , s /«
American Express. lll I Norm western '•'♦••*
American Tobacco. 78 i Preferred 141
Preferred 101 N. Y. central 94i/ a
Bay State 39 N. Y. CbicagoA3.lj 11
Baltimore A Ohio.. 37 ! Ist preferred 65
J'.runswicK Lands.. s /8 Id preferred 20
Buffalo. Koch AP. 19 X. Y. &N.H . . ..176
Canada Pacific 5i ,-» N. Y. A New Ens. 45
Canada Southern.. 4fi a 4 N. Y. Susq & \V... 8'
Canton Land 60%! Preferred 22V4
Central Pacific I-* l -.. Ontario. 7y
Ches.&Ohlo l ;s: '4 Ontario A Western. 127/ tt
Chicago Alton 153 , Oregon lmprovmu 2..
Preterrea 170 1 Preferred
Chicago, B.«fc Q 733' 8 Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago it K. 111... 4-1 Oregon Short Line, <i
Preferred 95 [Pacific Mail 24
Chlcagouas tWVaPeona. D.A Evans. 3
Cleve A Pittsburc.l6o Plttsburg A W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. -7 Pullman Palace. .. 1 5 1
Consolidated Ga5. .1441/2 Quicksilver IV2
C. c. c. A St. Louis. 33:< /4 Preferred 14
Preferred 88 .Reading 3
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 2Sy<»'RioGrande<fcWestn 17
Preferred 83 ] Preferred 40
Cotton OH cert 16% Rock Island 633, i
Commercial Cable. 140 iKomeWal AOgdenllf>
Del. Hudson. .;,... 122% St. L. A S. W 41
Del.LackAWesternls6y 2 Preferred V '
Denver H. G 11 6t. Paul 6HVa
Preterrea 41 ! Preferred 125
Distillers 13-% St. Paul A Duluth. 96
General Electric... 2,-i'-4 Preferred 85
Erie 133415t. Paul Omaha. 33
Preferred a(»i. 4 Preferred 120
Fort Way no ltil St. P. M. A :\i 110
GreatNorthernpia.llo Silver Ceriincat t>7'H
Greenßay V 2 Southern Pacific... 20V2
Harlem 280 soumernK.lt 7%
Hocking Coal -''j Preferred 2S S 4
Hocking Valley... 15 susar Refinery.... 99 7 /8
Homestate 27 I Preferred 95
H. A Texas Cent-. Term. Coat A Iron. 2414
Illinois Central..:. 887^ Preferred 100
lowa Central 7y 2 Texas Pacific 7145
Preferred 25 ToI.A.A.A N.Micn, '
Kansas <£. Texas.. 15 01. & Ohio Cen.... 30
' Preferred 23t,k. Preferred......... 66
Kingston <t Pern... 3 1 ol. St. Louis A K.O. 6 ■
Lake Erie A Westn In ■ Preferred 10
Preferred 66 Union Pacific 3%
Ltt^e Shore 137y 'u. P.. Den. & GulL »
National Lead 25 L' .S. Cordage 4%
Preferred 83y 3 Preferred 9
Longlslana 8:' | Guaranteed. 18
Louisville <te Naati. *1% U. S. Express :<>*
Louisville Na<t Co. 7■<4U. S. Leather 9> 2
Preferred 17 i Preferred 60 l
Manhattan Con sol. 99 I. S. Rubber 24*4
Mempnis & Charls. IB | Preferred 84Va
Mexican Central... a UUca AB. River.. lso
Michigan Central.. 941/2 Wab. S. L. & Pac. 65/«
Minn AS. L — I Preferred 15y 2
Preferred — Wells- Fargo 95
Minn. A St. L com. 17 i Western Union.... 83% 1
Ist preferred 73 |\V is Central 33,
2d preferred 41 1/3 Wheeling AL. E.. lOV4 '
Missouri Pacific.. 231/8' Preferred 34%
Mobile & Ohio 21 (Am Cotton Oil pfd. t^i/a
Naßhvllle Chatt.... 65 jW U Beef 7y 2
National Linseed.. 1 9 V2 L 1 Traction™ 161.4
IS. J. Central 96 Ann Arbor
cm* 1 ice ?(IST».
C S «b. ree 10SV 2 M X T2ds... r.Si/_
Do, 4s coupon... 109 j Do, 4s '. 82
V 4s new reg 115 Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon... 11. "> IN J Cent Gen 55.. 113
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll3Vb
Do, 6s : 112y 2 ; Do. 2ds 100
Do. Bs c0uD0n....112i/ 3 : Do, XC.a 641,4
Cherokee 4s. 1898. ii)o iNortnwest Consols. 1
D 0.1897 100 } Do, deb 1077 a!
D 0.1898 100 ORANlsts.. 105
Do. 1899 100 |SiL<fclronMtOen 76
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St L A S F Gen 65. 100
D. C. 3-6 6s 110 St Paul Consols 133
Ala Class A 4 109 St. P. C. APa lsts.ll->
Do. Class 84, ss. 10-4 1 Do. Pac Cal ists.. 107
LaConsol4s 97 Southern It. R. 6s. 88
Missouri funding.. Texas Pacific nrits 82
If Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas I'ac seconds. In
Do, 4s 100 UnionPacTstof9tJ.lo4t4
So Carolina 4V 2 5... 104 West Shore 4» 104
Tennnewss 85 Mobile A Ohio is. (53 -
Ya funding debt... 60 R West Ists 7o 7/ s
Do, reg ChesAOss Joii/ 8
Do, deferred 65... 5 Atchlson 45....:... 71 '
Do. trust rcpts st si/ ! Do. 2ds A 2O«i
Canada South 2d5..i0l ;OH<&SA6s. 104 ,
Cen Pac Ists of '9s HiO I Do. 2d 7s. a. 1011
Den&RGlst 110 H A Tex Ceiitss!.iC7
Do. 4s S3 ! Do.con6s 104
Erle2ds 65 Reading 4s 73
Kansas Pa Consols 70 1 Missouri ba........ 100
Ks Pa lsta Den divlO7J/4l
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ears., Jan. 8.-1 he spot market
Is higher at 5s 6d@ss 7d. Cargoes are firm at 28s I
arrived. ;
IITfRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following !
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter: Janu- |
ary, ss4i/ 2 d; February, 5s 6d; March, 5s 534 d: !
April, ss6d; May, 5s 6y 4 d. . . ';
RKCirKITIES. '
LONDON, Ext;., Jan. B.— Consols, 10534- sil
ver, 30% a; French Rentes, ltilt 25c.
CANS :.D li.l'lT TRADE.
The circular of the Cutting Packing Company
says: '•There is nothing whatever doing In apri
cots, either export or domestic. There appears to
be more peaches than has been figured on and
some large holdings have been evidently secluded
from public gaze. Pears are undoubtedly in short
supply and win command their own price before j
the new crop is available. Plums are a dead issue, i
nobody •is interested In them, and If a buyer ap
pears he can do business at his own Ideas of value.
Pie fruits as a rule are sold at from 25 per cent loss
up to cost. :
••We do not look for any Improvement in prices
or demand generally, until at least two months
later, by which time we will probably strike some- i
tning of a spring demand, but this at the Hume time !
is altogether problematical. So far as prospects for i
a new crop are foreshadowed , by climatic intlu- i
encea, everybody unites in prophesying one ot the I
largest ever known in the State. In 1896. Prophets,
however, are at a discount, m dull limes the past
three years have produced a much larger crop of
them than of fruits even, and as most of their pre
dictions failed to materialize, little confidence is i
placed in them." «' .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. ,
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89U.
sterling Cables.. .\.. 91 91Va
New York K.xchange, 5ight;..;..... — Par
New York Exchange,, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, {'.ounce ...... .'....' — 66%
Mexican Dollars r.. ! 5314 - 64
■ . . ;. . _ +z— ;
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEIi GRAINS.'
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot freights are quiet
at 26s 3d. The chartered wheat fleet In port has a
registered tonnage of 60.530 tons, against 27,000
tons on the same date last year: disen^Sged. 30,
--000 tons, against 61,000; on the way to this port,
248.270 ions, against 189,800. ■•.
WHEAT— TUo Rotenhum takes for Cork 66.640
ctls. valued nt $69,900; Flintshire, for CorK 42,
--287 ctls at $44,400; Benlarig, for Cape Town, 58,
--188 ctls at $64,000. . i - - t
The market continues to advance, choice milling
being particularly stiff nnd in quick demand. No.
1. ?1 05I&1 06V4: choice, $1 07%; lower grades,
85c@?l; extra choice for milling, *1 12y 3^l 17 y 2 .
'All, HOARS MA I. KM.
Ixformai, Sessiox-10 o'clock — May— 3 800
tons, $1 07 Vi- -.. . . .]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1806.
Kk(;ii.ar Morning Session- — May— 4oo tons,
$1 07; 900. $1 07V4; 1300. $1 071/8
--. Afi khmimn Sessiox— May— looo tons, $1 073/.;
200. ?1 07' 4 .
BAKLEY- Both spot ana future quotations are
a shade easier, without any particular reason ex
cept that the weather is cloudy. Feed, HB-v + (a
7<)o; choice. 7iy*c; Brewing, 75<&82y 2 c; Chevalier.
$I. lo@l 20 for No. 1 'and .75e@$l 1* ctl for off
grade. ' • .'. ;
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal skssiov— in o'clock— soo tons,
TOe; 100. 69»' 4 c; 600, 69% c.
Bkbblak .Morning SK.SMION— May— 2OO tons,
69 %c; 200. 70c.
Akt rxoon cskssion — May — 200 tons, 70c;
200. 70i /B e. : i- ■'
OATS— White descriptions are about 2V2C higher.
Red and Black remain unchanged. Milling, 72y
fa 77 !.,(•; fancy Feed, 82y 2 @87y 2 c; good to choice,
70Ca;82y 2 c; common to fair. 60(&67y->e: Gray, 67y 2
@77% c; Red. for seed. 85@9f»c: Black, for seed,
*1 10(ail 30: Surprise, 92ySiC@$l.
CORN— Yellows are firm at. the advance, with
limited offerings. \\ h'lte still drags. Large Yellow,
87y 2 @9oc; Small Hound do, 87y 2 @9oc; White, 80
(sßsc^ctl.' . . • -. ■
RYE— Quiet at 75@80c fi ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 86c@fl * ctJ, ac
cording to quality. .■-...
FLOUR ANO JIILLSTUFFS.
' FLOUR— Very strong, in sympathy with wheat.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
98 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45@3 65; super
fine, $2 40<a>2 60 ? bbl.
CoftNMKAL. 1 ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 6U@2O %4
ton Cracked <"orn, 820 ton.
-MII.I.STCKI-'S- Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Hour,
'-''■4 1 ': "ye Flour. Bi/io: Rice Flour. "Vie; Corn-,
meal, 23i@3c: extra cream do, XV^c: Oatmeal,
3«ic: Oat Groats, 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4(a4y 2 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, S^fcc: Farina,
4y 2 c: whole .Wheat Flour, 3c; .Rolled Oats, 4y 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 4V4@4V2 Split Peas, 4%c; Green
do, sV*c $ lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB.
\
BR AN— sl3@l3 50 is ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
f'-'U 50 <£ ton for the best.
FKKII.-ITFFs-uolled Barley, $16@17 & ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 <§ ton; jobbing,
522 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. .■■•-::• '
, II A V - The market continues to favor sellers and
will until it rains. Wheat, $B@l2 50; Oat, 8(g»10 50;
Wheat and Oat. $7 50(0.1150^ ton; Barley, $7@
9 50: Alfalfa, $6@9; Clover. $6658; Compressed,
$7 50@ll ; Stock, #6:0,7 50 ~$ ton.
STRAW— "r 1 bale.
BEAMS AND SEEDS,
BRANS— Dealers report a stagnant and nominal
market. Bayos, $I@l 15: Small Whites, «1 25@
. 1 40; Pea, $1 50®l 60: Large Whites, $1 15@1 30;
Pink, 90c©$l 10: Reds. $1 35@1 50; Blackeye,
$175@155: Red Kidney, $1 65fml 75; Limas,
?2 40(a2 60; Butters,sl 60@l 75 $ ctl.
US— Brown Mustard quotable at $1 95@2 05 :
Trieste, $2@2 20; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax. $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3t/i@3y 2 c 1b; Al
falfa 6i,4@t>V 2 c "$ ib; Rape, l^iai'-c %* lb; Hemp,
Ac V lb.
Dili I) PEAS— Quoted at $1 25@1 50 %» ctl for
Nile*. $1 20@l 30 for Blackeye and $1 25@l 57
or Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Choice continue steady. Volunteer
New Potatoes quotable at 2c 1^ tt>; Sweets, $1 50
@2 >> ctl for Rivers and $2 25 for Merced; Sa
linas Burl>anks,.6o(gf9oc %* ctl; Klver BurbAnks, 25
@35c f> sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c; River
Reds, 50@B0c %* ctl. ■•• . *.' .-: .-. ..-. -
ONlONS— Continue stendy at 80@90c ft cil; Cut
Onions, 6U@66c & ctl.
VEGETABLES— Dried Pepper?, 7@loc $ lb;
Tomatoes, 30@60c f* box; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
75c@$l; Green Peas. 5(S»8c; String Beans. ;
Dried okra, 12 1 c; Cabbage, 50c 1* ctl: Garlic, 4
@4y 2 c %* It»; Marrowfat Squash, $22 50 «t ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Stocks of all kinds are moderate
and the market is stonily.
Live Turkeys. ll@l2c 13 Ib for Gobblers and 12c
"f tb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12gU4c; Geese,
%» pair, $1 50@l 75: Ducks, $5@6 50: Hens, $4M
5: Roosters, young. $4 50(0.5 50: do, old. $4@6:
Fryers, *4 60<&r>; Broilers, $4(a»4 50 for large and
$3 50 ; , tor small; Pigeons. $1 60@2 f* dozen for
young and $1 for old.
(.AM I. —The market is doing better again. Quail,
$1 121/2? dozen; Mallard. $3@3 50 $ doz: Can
vasbacK, $3<g.6; Sprig, $1 75^.2; Teal, $1 25(51 50:
Widgeon, *1 V6@1BO; Small Duck, $1 ; Hare. 7bc@
SI; Rabbits, $1 -olg,! 50 for Cottontails and 75c@$l
for small: Gray Geese, .s2@2 50; White Geese,
$I@l 25; Brant. $1 25(5,1 60; Honkers, $3@3 60;
English Snipe, $2@2 60; Jack Snipe, $I@l 25.
.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is firm, but dealers are not disposed
to advance prices much at this time of the year.
Creamery— Fancy, 26<S,27Vac; seconds, 24@25c
t» lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 24®25c; good to choice, 22@
23c: lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE— Firm, spot stocks are well cleaned
up. Fancy mild new quotable at ll@liy c %< tb;
special marks higher still; common 10 good, B@loc
V lt>: Cream Clieddar. ll(^12c; Younsc America,
1 Kill 2c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@)13c "ft ft: 1
EGOb— marKet is rather weaker, as arrivals
show signs of Increasing and the demand has fallen
off since the holidays. Oregon Eggs, 22c; fancy
Eastern, 24@25c; cood to choice Eastern, 22 ! or«;
23c; seconds. 21@22c: store Eggs, 21@25c; ranch
Eggs, 27y a 2 c %* doz, with sales at 321/2 Con a
pinch.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples continue very dull.
Persimmons. 40@75c box ; Apples, 75c@$l for
good to choice, 60<5.65c for common to lair and
$1 25 for fancy; Lady Apples are nominal.
CITRU-i FRUITS— I (ranges and Lemons are dull
and weak. Linus rule firm. California Oranges
are quotable at .fl 25@1 75 1* box for Seedlings
and $1 So@2Bofor Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$I@l 25 fi box; Lemons, 9iCd>l 50 for common
ana ! s2 (ft 2 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
«5 50(a6; Bananas, $l(g>2 %A bunch; Pineapples, $2
@5 f< dozen. ' f
DRIED FRUITS, RAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Motionless. The Raisin deal
ers are waiting for the Zante Currant case to be
i settled. Nothing doing in fruits. The following
prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 3^@3eil Ib for quar
tered, 3@3y 2 c ~$ lb for sliced and 4i4(d>6c 1A Hi
for evaporated; Peaches, 4@sc V- lb and 6y 2 (atj
6c "& Ib for fancy; peeled in. boxes. 12@13c Q
It. ; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6(a*t>y a '$ lb
for 40@50's and 6c '# lt> for 60@60's; Apricots, ~v 2
<S9c for prime to choice and lu</j)llc "p It, for fancy
Moorpark; Figs, black, H@3y 2 ci*lb for pressed
and •Jia2i/- 2 r '.or impressed: While Figs, 3Va(a.4c
■f* Ib tor pressed in sacks and 6@Uc in boxes; Pears,
7c f, lb for evaporated halves, 4@i>y 3 c %< lb for
quarters; Plums, 4@4y 2 c 13 lb for pitted and iy 2 ®
2..c forunpilted; Nectarines, 6@Bc "$, lb for prime
to" 11 "ice and 6y 2 c for faDcy.
1 Jobbino.Pkick-j— Apples, 4@4y 2 c: Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
i Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6C<i6V 2 c for 40@50's
I and 5c for 6O(n.tsO's; Apricots, 6@9yoc for prime to
! choice and lu(g,llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
; black, l« 4@2V%c; White Figs. 3@sc; Pears. 6y c
for evaporated halves and 3@sy c for quarters;
Plums. S. l / 2 c tor pitted and l(g/li /2 c lor unpltted;
Nectarines. 4(*sc '■$ Hi for prime to choice.
. RAISINS AND DRIED "GRAPES— Price* are
as iollows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c^box; four-crown, loose,
3*/4 C 1?, lb; three-crown, loose, 2V 2 c; two-crown,
2(gi2 l ie: seedleas Sultanas. 3»,i@4c: seealess Mus
catels, 2' Mf&'.Z/ic; clusters. $1 35@1 50; Dehesa
I ••lusters, $.: lb(a;2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 60
! (g2 75; Dried Grapes, 2i/fec '? lb.
> Jobbing Prjoes — Four-crown loose. 3c; 8-
I crown, 2Vi@2V2C: 2-crown, is.4@2c; Seedless Sul
-1 (aims, 33/ 4 (a>4c;Seeole!(BMuscntels, 2y 2 c; 3-CrOW!l
! l^oudoii layers. 85c@$l; clusters, .$1 40@l 60;
! Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 76:
! Dried rapes, 2 Vic.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@loc 1?, n>; Walnuts. 7®Bc
t"' ll> for No. 1 hard and 9@9y 2 for softshell. Job
bing 16ts; Almonds, t>@7y 2 c lor Languedoc and
8y 2 @loc for r-sheil, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c ■■£! lt> for California: Hickory nuts, 6(§ioc;
Pecans, Bc for rough and «<• for polished; Filberts,
B(a,9c; Brazil .Nuts, 7y 2 fg.Bc %* tb; Cocoanuts,
$4 50(&5 if> 00.
HOSTEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c Ib for
■ bright and.B(gj9c tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5@5V 2 c lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@4%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2tfc ~$ lb.
PROVISIONS.
I CURED ME ATS— The market is quiet and rather
weak than otherwise. Bacon 6c ~f, Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c ~$ ?> for light, 10c i*s Jb for
extra light mid 12c %* lb for sugar-cured ; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, liy 2 c $ Ib; California Hams,
10c; Mess Beef, $7 $ bbl ; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9(a,9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 ■& bbl; ex
tra clear. Sl4 $ bbl; mess. $13 •> bbl;- Smoked
Beef, 9V 2 @loc V' tb. ;
LA lil>— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c f*
lb for compound and 7>/ 2 c for pure; palls, 8c: Cali
tornla tierces, 6y a c for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 6V*c; 10- tb tins, 7c; do 6ib, 7(a.7V4C %» Ib.
COTTOLENE— in tierces and 7y&c'~& tb in 10
--lb tins. • .
HIDES, TALLOW^ ; WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Quotations remain un
changed with a dull marie:. Heavy salted steers,
7c Tji tb; culls and brands, 6"c; medium, tic; culls and
brands, sc; light, sc; culls md. brands, 4c: Cow
hides, 5@5y 2 (;; culls and brands, 4@4y 2 c; salted
Kip, 5c » It,; salted Calf, 8c f^ Ib; sailed Veal.
Be: dry Hides, 10@llc p( tt>;- culls and brands, 7<a
7i/ 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6y C: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer,' 2S®3Oc: medium. 15®
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20iea<li; short wool,'3o@4oc each; medium, 40
@50c each: long wool, 60(a)70c each. Culls of all
kinds, about i/.c less. • -■/>'
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3:'/i@4c; No. 2, 3®
3 Vic: refined, 5:; 4 c; Grease, 21/^c "0 lb.
. WOOL— The market 'Is quieter and easier. A
local circular says: '-The last' week in December
whs an active one in Wool -matters. The talk of
.tariff and a possibility that the Senate would
promptly pass the 'bill that was passed in the
House stimulated speculation, and though prices
were not advanced, yet Wool holders anxiously
met 1 lie changed condition and were free sellers of
any stock that a buyer would- entertain. There
suit was a placing of probably 1000 or 1200 bags,
mostly of inferior, shrinks", defective stock that
previously would not be touched by speculators at
any nrice. The market is well cleaned up, as the
new year starts In. what remains being inferior
low grades of the very poorest type." We quote
Fall as follows: Humboldt and Mendocino, 7@90;
San Joaquin and southern, 3@6c: free Mountain
6@7c: defective do, 4@6c tb-
HOPS— Nominal, at 4@6c "p* tb. We have no
transactions whatever to "report, the market being
lifeless.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c. ■
COAL— A circular for Australia says: '-The out- '
going year has been the banner year for low prices,
being the lowest on record, but the present outlook
would intimate that still lower figures will prevail
in 1896, and principally from the Colonies, as the
failure of the wheat crop there locally, and our
wheat shipments must cause a freight accumula
tion which will necessitate low Coal rates in the
absence of other business. Australian grades are
being materially interfered with here by the in
creased consumption of oil and Swansea Anthra
cite as steam and gas producers, and the prices
named for each make them formidable competit
ors. The uncertainty of the oil region's output,
combined with Increased fire insurance, detract
materially from the danger of this as a Coal substi
tute; besides, as a fuel, the black diamond is ap
proximating a standard value, which shows no
economy in favor of oil. Swansea shipments, even
with their freedom from duty, cannot be offered
within 75c <$ ton of approved grades of Newcastle,
which will restrict their sales this year." Welling
ton. $8; New Wellington,!?*: Southfield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, $5(55 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallseud, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland. $14 in hulk and $15 in .sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Sl2; Welsh An
thracite Egg, $10: tunnel. *7 5O(gi8; Uock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $13
in bulk and $16 "£. ton in sacks.
CANNED PKUIT— All kinds are very dull at
the old prices. Apricots are quotable at $1
@1 05 %* dozen; Peaches, sl 10@l 30; Pears, #1 25
(all 35 $ dozen: White Cherries, $225; Black Cher
ries, $1 75; Plums, 90c@$l.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 72V 2
77y a c i?. dozen; Pens, 85c(a)$l 05 Q dozen.
COFFEE— c. K. Bickford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this port in 1895 at 156,142 bags, against
185,662 In 1891. The sales from first hands were
140,496 bags, against 165,818. The stock in first
hands January 1. 1896. was 3268 hags, against
5872 January 1, 1895. The world's visible supply
January 1 was 3.562,364 bags, against 2,687,207
January 1, 1896. The circular says: "Although
stocks here are not large in any direction, the re
vival of business anticipated with the new year's
advent has not been realized thus far. With some
pushing a few sales have been effected principally
old-crop remnants of more or less Inferior style,
j but there is no general demand and the lethargic
i condition of this staple during the last 60 to 90
days remains unbroken everywhere. The steamer
City of Panama will arrive about the 12th inst.
with 4150 hags. Today's first-hand stock is 40
bags Salvador- and ,2520 bags Guatemala." We
quote market.
Coita Rica— 2ocnom. for good to prime washed:
'20c nom. for good ; 19@19y 2 c nom. for good mixed
with black beans; 17y 2 @ISV2C nom. for fair; 14@
16',2C nom. tor common to ordinary.
Sa vador— 18' 2(«20V4c nom. for fair to good
washed: 18y 2 (£19y 4 o for good bleached and green
unwashed.
CiUATKMata and Mexican— 2li4@2iy 2 c for
prime to strictly prime washed: 20V4@2u» / ic for
good to strictly good -v ashed; \T&ya®Vi*Ac for fair
washed; 161. jCa.lHo for medium; 1 him 1 6 i/ 2 c for
ordinary; 12y 2 fol4i<sC for inferior to common;
21Vi@22c for good "to prime washed pea-berry:
20y 2 c num. for good unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895; 100-lb cases
quotable at 6c %* lh: 50-lb bundles. 6c V II"': Silver
King Strips, He th; .Narrow-Gauge do, 7c V lt>;
Tablets, 8c %i iti; seabrignt Blocks. 7y 2 c: Pacific
Herring, INc 9 box; Dutch do, $ira>l 25 •$ keg;
Whitetish, $1 60 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 3. $24: half-bbls— No. 1,
$12; No. 2,810 50: No. 3, ?9 50; kits, No. 1. $2;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— $10 flask.
California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, .95c;
bbls, 90c gal (manufacturers' rates) Linseed
Oil In bbls, boiled 50» ; do, raw, 48c; cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, bbls, 52c; China Nut, 39@45c V
gal. ..'•'.
PETROLEUM— Starlight quotable at 21c t>. gal;
Eocene, 23c ft -gal; Astral, 21c 3} gal ; 150° Elaine,
2Bc per gal: Pearl, 21c: Water-white, refined,
bulk, l(>c; headlight, 175°, cases, 23c; Mineral
seal, 300°, 25' ■•>■ in cases; Standard, 1 10 s fire test,
19c per gal In cases (caps), 19y 2 c faucets and 15c
in bulk.
• GASOLINE, ETC. — «3° Benzine, bulk, 16c;
cases, 21c; 74" Gasoline, bulk, 17c; cases, 22c; 86°
Gasoline, hulk. 24c; coses, 29c per gal.
Will! E LEAD— Quoted at Oi/oC V lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at »;'••.■ ? Ib.
TURPENTINE— 46c f gal. "
CANDLES-Granite Candles. 6s. 16 oz. 10i 4 c;
do, 14 oz, 9y 2 c ; do, 12 02, B%c; do, 10 o/.. 8 Vie; Elec
tric Light Candles, 6s, 10 oz, B%c;do, 14 oz, 8c;
do. 12 oz. 7y 2 c; do, 10 oz, 6%c; Parafllne Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4b, 6s and 12s, 14 oz, 8y 2 c;
assorted colors, same sizes, !".i'"r- lb.
LEATHER— DuII and nnclmnaed. Extra heavy
Bole, 27@28c for No. 1 and 25@26c for No. 2; heavy
Bole, 27c for No. 1 and 26c mr No. 2: medium
Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2; light Sole,
26c for No. 1 and 23c t» lb for No. 2.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: ! Cube, < rushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6c;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4S' g c; Extra
C, 4'.jc; Golden C, -Hh'-: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes V 2 c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
ft gal.
SAN FRANCISCO 3IEAT MARKET.
Hogs are doing better again. Beef and Mutton
are very firm. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF — First quality, sV2@6c; second quality,
4Vi@sc; third do. 3y 2 @4c $ 11..
VKAL— Large, 6@tjc; small. 6@7c f< Ib.
MUTTON— Wether's. tsrg.6Vac: Ewes. 6c "# Ib.
— Spring Lamb, ; yearlings. 7c 1* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, B (ai;si-oc for large and 3y 4 ■
@33/$ c for small: dressed do, 4y a @si/ 2 c ~& lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, $5 Tp. cord; Oak,
rough, .f6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 36c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9.
I a.M'.a 914 t> cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $13
©17 50 for the different lengths; No. 2, $11; No.
I Flooring, 521@26; Lath, $2: Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 and $18 for N0.2; Rustic, slß@23; Shingles,
common, $1 50: Shakes, $9 V M.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour.qr. s)ts 30,483 Pelts, Ddls 230
Wheat, ctls 370 Wine, gain. 44,800
Barley, ctls 4.73:) Butter, ctls ' Si 6
Oats, ctls 370 Cheese, ctls 70
Corn, ctls 1,450 Eggs, doz I.hOO
! Potatoes, bks 2. Lumber. M feet... 20
Onions, sks 425! Leather, rolls 108
Hr»n. nits 1.400 Wool, bis ~ a
Middling*, sks 1.020 -Tallow. ctls 6
Beans, sks 2,824 Powder, boxes.... 5
liny. tons. 474] Mustard Seed, sks 52
| Straw, tons SlQuicksilver, flasks 2HB
j Hides, no 71 a Paper, reams 2,290
♦
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were still weaker yesterday, especially
the middle and southend groups. The northend
stocks hold up very well. Chollar declined to 76c,
Potosi to 61c and Yellow Jacket to 48c. Business
was dull.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange the feeling in
local securities was firm and several sold higner.
NOTKS. /
At the weekly executive session of the San
Francisco Stock Exchange yesterday the following
nominations were made for the annual election of
oilicers. to be held January 13: President, Joseph
Marks and A. G. Guruett; vice-president, E. P.
Barrett: secretary, F. W. Hadley; treasurer,
George T.'Marye Jr.; O. V. Walker, chairman.
The old officer of the Pacific stock , Exchange
have been renomlnated for election at the annual
meeting to be held next week.
The annual meeting of the Oceanic Steamship
Company has been called for January. 21.
The San Francisco Gaslight Company has de
dared a monthly dividend of 85 cents per share
payable January 15. '
Savaok.—On the 950 level the north lateral drift
was advanced 10 feet, making its total length .47
feet; face is in porphyry. The west crosscut
star ed In the north drift from the eighth iloor of
the north upraise is advanced 65 feet; face is in
porphnry. Have cleaned out and retimbered the
south drift from the eighth floor of the north uu
raise a distance of 25 feet preparatory to cross
cutting. The nor, li upraise was advanced 7 feet,
total height 87 feet; top is in quartz giving some
fair assays. On the fourth floor of the north up
ra4se 91) feet north of the upraise they have started
a west, crosscut and advanced the" same 12 feet •
lace is In quartz. Have done considerable repair
ing on this level during the week.,' They are still
repairing and retimberlngthe7f>o-level station and
the main shaft below the station. - 9 ■
Gray Eaoi,e.—Formation passed through during
the week has been cement, gravel and bowlders
with some gravel on the bottom, which prospected
by the pan washing nt the rate of $6 per carload.
The gravel would show in bunches in the bottom
then pitch away. The cement la mixed with
washed gravel, which carries a little gold. The
water lias been very heavy in the tunnel all
through the week, but shows signs of slacking
some now. Have not had any bedrock during the
week. The gravel formation shows a decided im
provement over last week.
Assessments .Pending.
Following is a list or assessments now pending:
Company.
Uelinqt
No. Amt. in the Sale Day.
Board.
Chollar. . 41
Yellow Jacket". " 60
Mexican 53
Con. Cal.& Va 5
Overman.,1.. 74
Halo Norcross. ] '. . 1C8
Con. New York. . j 4
Occidental . .",' j>1
Challenge...-. ' <>0
Mono 3 a
Savage s »«
2 5. Dec 13 .Jan 14
25. Dec lSl.Jan '2i
5!5 .Dec 20 . Jan 14
a5.Dec2a.Jfcn 10
10 .Jan .Jan 27
15. Jan in Fob 7
06. Jan 10'. Feb 8
..Ian 171. Keb Iff 10
Oft .Jan'-'O.Feh- la
10' Jan 3O.Keb 25
20. Feb 4. Feb 18
BOARD ,SAXi.S. '
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
I StocK Board yesterday:
RKOUI.ARMORVi vr, COMV BtVTT AT'- 30.
; 350 Belcher... C P0int...23 100 Ophir.. GO
150 i;-"-------3s;2«0 G&0.....571 50 P0t051....65
100 B A 8..1.00300 Mexicn...69 300 Savage....3s
100 ..........1.05 300 Na & C..2-/lIOU S :\ev 60
100 Bodie 45 100 0ccidn11...77.100 V Jacket..s3
150 CC«fcV..2.65 I
AKTKUXOON" IT— 'T:iro.
400 Alpha ....23 700 C Imp 02 100 0ph1r....1.55
300 Andes.... 26 300 100 :.... l.bO
100 8e1cner....35'100 Conn.. .1.20 100 0vrmn....22
100 B <fc is.... 99.100 Crown 26 200 Savage....33
100 Bodle 42:300 G«fcC 54 550S Nev 63
100 8u11i0n. ..18200 HAN. .1.20 60 Union C...50
50 8uhver....11150 ..... 1.20 50.. 49
150 Challnis...33 200 Mexican. .6B: 60 V Jack 1...50
900 Ch011ar... .76:200 Occidti... .76i 50 48
400 (CV a. 601 I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stools
Board yesterday :
bh;i#vr RKs«rr>v — TVO.
400 Alpha 25 150 C0nfi. .'..1.26:200 0pb1r....15/
400 ....24 1000 Con 1ia..(12 v:00 1.60
500 Alta 131000 1200 Ovrran..22
300 Andes.... . 28 1000 C N V... 01:600 '-'1
800 Belcher.... C P0int... .271900 Poiosi 67
1000 33500 Excnqr.. .09,200 66
400 8<t8.1.02i/:. 1000 O <fe C... 55 250 65
500 1.05400 54 200 64
400 ......... .1.00300 H&N 1.27y 2 300 Savage... .3s
400 80d1e..,.. 43800 1.20 300 34
500 8u11i0n....20,500 Justice.. 800 Scorpion. .o4
500 Caleda....lo 1000 Kemck..C7 500 58& M...11
400 Chalice. ...33 500 Wash....o-''4oo S.Nev 66
1200 Ohoiiar.. B3,Boo Mexican. .69 500 65
200 82400 68'0005i1HU1....03
600 80.400 67:600 Union C...51
300 78 300 Occld 500 50
400 77 600 77 800 Utah 07
800 CtMV. . .2.65 300 76 900 V JacKet..s2
300 25, 400; 75 400 61
600 2.60.600 7-1)
AFTERXOOX RKSsroN-— 2:30.
200 Alpha..... 150 CCV 26/ 8 500 Overran.
JsOO ...... 23 600 2.60300 21
400 Alia 13 400 C Point... 20600 PotOSl 63
300 Andes 126 500 Exchqr....o8 I 'JOO Savage... .34
200 8e1cner...33 300G &C 55400 33
500 B& 8.. 1.00 54 400 M...12
300 99700 H«SN 1.22y 2 400 H Nev.. ..65
400 98 300 1.20J100 64
200 Bodie 42 500 Justice... .05 500 62
600 8u11i0n. ...19.800 Kentuck..O7 500 Union ....50
300 8u1wer. ...11|400 Mexican.. 672oo .49
400 Caleda.... 101500 Mono 400 Utah 07
200 t'halliige..32|l&o Ophir. .. 1.60 1000 YJacketsl
100 Chollar ...77 500 1.57W300 50
»00 76|400 1.55500 49
1000 ...... .. 3000cc1d11....77 400 48
100 C0nf1... 1.26300 76'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 8-4 P.M.
Birt.A *JrrtL\ Sld.Aiked.
Alpha Con 23 24' Jackson — 40
Alia 12 13 Julia 02 03
Andes 26 27 Justice 04 06
Belcher 30 32 entucK. 06 07
Best & Belcher. 98 . 99 Lady Wash.... 01 02
BentonCon — 44 Mexican 66 67
Bodle 41 43 Ml. Diablo 15 20
Bullion.. 18 19|Mono.. 05 06
Bulwer _ JO — Nevada Queen. 04 OB
Caledonia 10 1 1 Occidental 76 76
Challenge Con. 32 34 Ophir 1.55 1.60
Chollar 76 78 Overman 21 23
Con. Cal. <i Va. 2. 55 2.6')i»'otosi 62 64
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Suvace 32 34
Confidence 1.20 1.25 Sep. Belcher... 11 12
Con.New Yorx. — 01 ! Sierra Nevada 63 64
Crown Point... 25 26 Scorpion 03 —
EastSierra.Naw — 04 Silver Hill 02 04
Exchequer. 07 00 Silver King 25 —
Eureka C0n.... 15 25 Syndicate — 03
(iould & Curry. 53 54 Union Con 49 60
Haie«!£iSori;M.l.2O 1.25 Utah 06 07
lowa — 04, Yellow Jacket. 47 48
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 8 -2 p. v.
DKITEDBT»TES BlN'lW.
Hid. A*kedL\ Bid. Asked.
D R4scoup..lO7v 2 109 \V 4s ..107V 109
MlS<-|. i.i.aNK-iis Il)XD«.
Cal-5tCb1e55. 1093,4110 (Do. 2d 188 6s. — —
CalElecL.6s.lo6 . — 1' &O Ity 65.107 —
CntraCW — 4 V& Ch Rv 10-' —
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 l'wi-st.KR6s. — 116 V«
EdBnL&P 63.1051A1061A Reno. WUL — 105
J-'iVCH KK6a.105>,2 — KiverW C 063 — 100
Uearv-stKss.lO4y _ .-ticiol' AL. .100 1023^.
lx>sAnirl>6a. — 101 'ciF&NPKRS»;OO l()05/ 8
Do,Unted.6s. — 101 VfelbPßK Ariz 6s 94 96
Mkt-stCblt-65120 122 Sl'KKCiil6s..llO —
I)iiKyConss..lo73 8 108i.'aS i PKK( la!ss..1 a!ss.. — 97 V 2
NevCNgßßa. — 100 Sl'BrKCaies. — 96V 2
N PCHK6s.IO3V 2 - , l tiVWater6s..l2l 122 i' 4
N Jly Cal 65.100y a — jtsV Water4s... — 99
KRy Cut 6s. — 103 Stkin(J&E6* — 103
Oak <ias 104', ' a — t>unstT&T6s. — 100
Do. 2d Iss ss. 1041/j, — Sutter-stUss.lo9y llo^i
Omnibus 65.. 118« /4 1193/4 VisaliaWC 6s — 92
J'acitollM6s.. — ,— -
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 42y a 47 San Jose 75y 2 v*6
MarinCo — 62y 2 spring Valley 9b:».± —
HAS STOCKS.
Capital 36 40 Pacific Light. 45y 2 48
Central 95 — 'San Francsco 71<y« 72
OakUL<fcH. 51 — Stockton — 2iy 2
I'acGaslmp. — 80 V 2: ,
INBI7RA N CX STOCKS.
FiremansFd.l63 — |Sun 56i/ 3 — '
. : _ /. COKKKROIAX BANK STOCKS.
AmprBATC. — — lliOndonPAA.l2734l3o
Anglo-Cal... 591/0 62 |London<fcSF. — ' 30
Bank of Ca1.. 230 ' 233 Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 57V 2 60 Nevada — —
FirstNationl.lßo — father B Co- — —
(Grangers — —'■'-? i . .
SAVINRS HANK STOCK*.
OerS&LCo. — 1510 Sav,tl,oati.. — 150
1 1 urn 1000 — SecurUy - 265
Mutual 35 41 Vj Union Trust. — 825
KFbavUulon — 495 |
STREKT KAII.ROAD STOCKS.
California.. 105 — Oak,Sl~tHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 1-reslaio 6 —
Market-5t.... 45 45Vi Sutter-sU — —
POWDKK STOCK).
Atlantic D... 15 . — Judson — —
California - 110 IVigonU 600 1
Giant 17% 19 '
JMM'I-.JJANI STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 993,; OceanicSSCo _ 20
BlklK'oalCo. — 10 il'acAuxFA.. 1 —
CulCotMills.. — — jPac Borax... 98 100
«-'all>rvl)ock. — — iPacIANCo. — 30
Edison Light. 95 96Vi Pac Roll Mill 20 —
GasConAssn. — — jl'arf Paint Co. — 9
HawC&SCo.. 81' 8 PacTransCo. — 25
IlutchSPCo.. — 133/ 8 PacT*'«'Co 60 —
JudHonMfßC. — — BnnsetTAT.. 40 —
MerExAssnlOO 110 UnitedCCo.. — 25
MOHSIV'I HKHSIDN
Board— ls Hawaiian Commercial, 8: 100 do, Si/ 8 ;
105 Markot-st Jtuihvay, 4514; 45 do, 45i' ; 10 « ;■'
Gaslisht, 72; 100 S V Water, 98*4.
Street -$2000 CaMornla-w Kit Bonds, 109%;
97000 Murket-st Cable Bonds, 120; 10 Oakland
Gas, 51.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— 3 S V Water. 88%.
.street— so Hawaiian Commercial, 8^; 6 S F
Savings Union, 485.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
.1 Hergerthy, Sac . J Jones. Sausalito
G I' llarKiiess, Keno . " 11 It Sawyer, Boston
Miss ( lippcrton. L Ang V J Stornix, Great Falls
lit Applejiate it s, Cat G M Chapman, Brentwod
Ii 1) l'owman, Los Gatoi DGooaland. London
<; \\" Lynde>V; \v. Ashland . I X McCullum, Alameda
TH Dunn, Sac , R(i Hugtaton, Fresno
J)r It Payne, Sac ' J a Llndsey, Nevada
E H Pieriera, lowa Hill T Llndsey, Nevada
J McLaughltn, 1.03 Ang \V A Lindsey, Nevada
aII Bromley. London w Crawford, Lake-port
J Henderson&w.Ft Jones X Finning, boreal Hill
Mrs s Chamberlain, ...inn \V Huntley. Hopland
M s Johnston Jt w, Minn II A Richardson, Cal
Mary Link. lndependence \V B Fairbanks, Tomales
II I". Link it w. I'a T J McPhilips, Tomalea
J lark, Tomalea (i s Tucker, » ontra Costa
W 8 Kiyall, N V £ It Cniwford.Santa Rosa
It Crawford, Santa Rosa Ii R Wilson, Santa Rosa
T N Wilson, Santa Rosa T Hazleton A- w, cal
It A McWilUama, towa \V Weiss, Button
J J Mcßride, Benton \v B Salmon, N. v
W Wayloun, Benton J Kins. Benton
EA Webster, Kenton R Merrlman, Bishop
W Shemineir, Benton \V 8 Young, Japan
L Pinaua, Madrono J Rose, Contra Costa
R T Bally, Hanover T.I Haskins. Petaluma
P D Canning, Carson G Watterson, [nyo
Miss Bartlett,Santa Cruz Mrs <; Fisher, Santa Cruz
.1 s Hardin, Santa Rosa Mrs Howard, Xcv
X E Payne, Nev X Rboades, Bute
FW Ellis, Mont O Charles, Fort Ross
i? George, san Rafael C Jones, San Jcse
II A Harper F.I Dorado C Harmes, El Dorado
Mrs Harper, El Dorado Miss Myers, El Dorado
R Condon, Sod avi lie D Mills, Santa Rosa
GRAND HOTEL.
Father Brown, Boston Miss M E Jamison, Gal
VV stark, NY A antic, .New Orleans
DrJ F ( hristal, Sta Cruz A Chlsholm, Kenicia
C E Grady, Sun Jose It McDonald. Sacto
Dr T 1) Blodgett, TiUare A M Stevenson, Vacavlle
J F Olsen, Nevada Cily L Keefe, Cal
(i McMu.lin, Cal . A s Thomson &w, Sunol
Caleb Dorsey, Onkdale • OC Perkins, Angels
(i 15 Gozzallo, Angels J M Thomas & w, Corning
H Argyle, Corning A R Reynolds, Wit Crk
J Corruack.SauLuisOblso J W Davis, l ulare
H W Crabb. Oakville R P Lathrop. Hollister .
A B Hickson <fe-\v, Bosto A \V Fisher, Los Angeles
T T savage, Los Ange.es Mrs A Wynn.Los Angels
O Strong .v wf, Tacoma 3 W Wood, Pasadena
Mrs Lay, Fresno F M Cavne, San Jose
Miss Lay, Fresno ' Mrs s V Ryland, Stckton
Mrs T Flint, San Juan Miss Ryland, Stockton
LICK HOUSE.
T Mego, I'etaluma F si J Fox, Mont
MrsC \Vardlng,Petaluma J F Johnson, Redwood
Ii Adams, Victoria. BC O M Kellogg, Washington
J Mace it w. l'leasanton . C Wood. Davlsvllle
i. A Sage, Saratoga II A Blood. Angels Camp
F Hall, Cal t : J 51 Williams Newman
sG Dornan, Boston J C'opeland, Suiter Creek
J II Wilcox&w.Oakland 3 B Kline. Sacto
X cavauaugh, Mont C W Nicklln.Los Angeles
W i; smith, Cal C Cadwalader, Red Bluff
W J Bernard*w, Seattle L C smith, Cal
Kl' Purser, Susanvllle II Finger. Santa Barbara
TDongal,w*sn.Marysvl J McUea.Sau Bernardino
.1 M Levee. Vallejo I Dannenbaum, Vallejo
R Green, Los Angeles L II Green, J.os Angeles
De Doesburgh.st Helena TKierulff. Berkeley
Mrs W Ellis. Bradley Mrs S Flunell. Tehama
A T Ellis, Tehama
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C F Oliver. San Jose JO Evans, stmr Boston
W R Shoemaker, V S A H I.aclitry. Sacto
L Bosenihal, Chicago \V X Seely &w. N V
W Zabala, Salinas 1' Chrisman. Or
Mrs F L Moore. Or H W Hese, N V
II A Melstead. N V W R Clark:. Stockton
Bde Witt, Washington T J Ilogan, WatHOnville
F Thomas, Valley sprnc B Ryan, Oal
Mrs F Owens. San Jose . Mrs C Waylind, San Jose
D Flenning.Los Augeles C Nieklln. Los Angeles
J R Kuskin.*, >&n Jose TII Lew, N V
II •' Hill, EUdrldg« Mrs G Barnard, Seattle
T Brannan, 1 ortland
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Henry, San Jose F F Preutiss, Cleveland
N C Dunning. Stanford It Hulshaw, Hurlingame
W D Nichols. Palo Alto J S Templin, Palo Alto
B A Aldrich, St Louis V H Buck & w, Vacaville
L-B Walker, Elizabeth .) Wolfskin, Los Ang
W A Sonic, Rochester O li Hilton & w, C S X
A C Kenneuy, XV J J C Wutkins, Sacto ,
Miss Watklns, Sacto .1 M Smndley, Chicago
J R Ryland, Los Gatos
. :■• NEW WESTERN- HOTEL.
.Tames Byrne, Mont ■.■■■' E Bullock, Angles Isle
L II Waterman, Chicago a SDormlng, Sonoma
c Fisher. Boston . C Miller, Atlanta
W Whitney, i'eoria O Itendricks, Salem
D Arkelian, Fresno . Mi Teoaoe, Fresno
W L Boettcher, 111 J S Bray, 111
Kecorrting a Ship's Course.
A naval engineer of Hamburg, John
Paul, has invented an apparatus record
inc graphically the course of a ship dur
ing the entire voyage. Upon a strip of
paper the angles of the rudder in
relation to the longitudinal axis of the
ship and the relation to the magnetic
needle of the compass to the axis of the
ship are continually recorded. The paper
is moved along by clockwork, while the
recording pencil "receives its motion by
means of electro-magnets connected
by wire with the ship's compass and
steering engine. The recording instru
i merit, working automatically, may be shut
off so as to be inaccessible to any but the
captain, and such a record woiilri'dnubtless
furnish the most satisfactory evidence of
the ship's course during the entire voyage.
With the automatic register of revolu
tions of the propeller and of knots traveled,
previously patented by the same inventor,
the entire" maneuvering of the ship during
a given time or the entire trip may be
critically inspected by the ships owners
or the captain.
THE CALL CALEXDAB.
January, 1896.
I M.
Tu. W. Th.
1 2
7 8 9
14 IS 16
21 23 '23
j 28 I 29 i 30 !
j*T.
|T
| Sa.j
<
Moon's Phases.
I
-
©Las; Quarter.
January 7.
10
M
17
17
18
©New Moon.
January j4
IS I
20
I
—
/'"fiFlrst Quartei
Vi/ January 22.
19
H
25
—
i i
! 31 !
I !
fiX Full Moon.
,va/ January 30.
i 27
OCKAN STKAMIiKS.
I>ateH or Departure i rom Saa Fraii<-i-i<-<>. \
_STKAMKR. | NATION | SAII,S. | PIER.
Columbia. . . | I'orllana Jan 9.10 am I Pier 24
M exico j Kan ln.-sro Jan 1 0.11 am i Pier 1 1
UallaWullaj Vie I'frt Nnd Jan 10. «AMlPier9
Pomona Uumboldtßay Jan 10. v;r>i PierSJ
Araijo iwitsav lanlO.lOAM Pier 13
Afridl China <t Japan Jan 10,12 m PJISS
Alameda — Sydney Jan 10, 2fmi Oceanic
A Blaucliarc] > t'orlianU lan 11. 'Jpm j Pier 13
Homer Coos Kay lan 12. Bi»m| Oceanic
Eureka Newport lan 12. sun; Pier 11
State of Cal Portland Jan 14.10 am Pier 24
BantAKosa.. San Diego Jan 14.11 am I Pier 11 •
Faralion.... \ aqulna liav. Jan 14. sPM'Pier2
Umaillla Vie A Put Slid Jan 15, 9am Pier 9
»t Paui Newport fan 16, Sam Pier 11
— -~ |
STKAMKIIS TO AKRIVK.
_^ _^ i
Steamer I From i Dun
Crescent City... Crescent City
Araeo Coos Bay
Pomona Humboidt Bay
Alice Blancnaril t'ortland
Eureka. Newport
Peru China and Japan
Costa Rica ; Departure Bay
Mineola Tacorda.;
Arcata j Coos lsay
Cltv of Sydney. Panama
limatilla ■ v'ictona it Pucet Sound
Rate or Cal Portland
Homer i Coos way
Puma nosa. fan Oleeo |
Cit; of Panama 1 Panama ■
Farallon Yauulna Hay j
Wellington i Departure Bay '
City of Sydney. Panama
Australia Honolulu
Willamette Val. Mexico
MPaui Newport.
City or Everett Panama
North Foru Humboidt Bay
Columbia Portland !
Empire Portland :
Jlextco San Dieeo
City of Puebla.. Victoria <£ Piuet. Sound
MariDOsa Sydney » ;
...Tan 9 I
. . .i a n 9
...hin 9
...lan 9
..Jan 50
..Jan 10 I
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan M
...lan 11
...ran 11
..Jan li
I ..Jan 12
i ..Jan 12
..Jan 12
..Jan 12
...lan 13
...Tan 13
L.Jan 13
..Jan v
...lan 14
...lan 15
! ..Jan 1H
i ..Jan 16
..Jan 1H
; ..Jan 16
I | —
SUN AND TII>E TABLK.
A
S(7N.
B
8
: Small. I.arKe.
51 H.4OP 6.84 a
10. 10.01 v 7.-Js*
|Bm»U. Large. Rises; Sets ! Rises
o.ooa 1.52r 7.25 n.09 2.33 a
0.54* SS.64H 7.28 !>.lO tf 45a
HTDBOGBAPHIC BILLKTIX.
Branch IIvDuoRRAPHtc Ofkicf,, U. 8. N. "»
Merchants' Exchaxsk, >-
San Francisco. January 8. 1896. )
The time hall on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day- i. p., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 v. m., Greenwich time.
"■:" ; .- I ; .'A. F. Fkciitki.kr,
Lieutenant U. 8. X.. in charge.
sUU'l'l.Mi INX£LLIU£KUi<;.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, January 8.
Stmr Mexico, Hall. 60 hours from San Diego,
etc-, pass and mdst*. toGoodall. Perkins it Co.
stmr/ Cleone, Lie.bij;, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Ship Klwell. Ryder, 69 days from Hydney; 2330
tons coal, to J .1 Moore it Co.
Brship Roderick Dim, Howe, 150 days from
Liverpool: mdse, to Ralfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Kllisland, (iarriock, 149 days from Swan
sea; 3681 tons coal, to Meyer, Wilson & Co.
Br ship M.i.l Try van, Jones, 160 days from Dun
kirk; 200 tons chalk, 600 tons coke, 9000 casks
cement, to Meyer, Wilson & Co. ■:/
Br ship The Hahnerhann, Newson, 160 days frm
Hamburg; mdse, to Meyer, Wilson <fc Co.
Br ship Elginshire. Greig, 75 days from New
castle. NSW; 8350 tons coal, to J D Spreckels <fc
Bros Co.
Br ship Samaritan, 143 days from Hamburg;
mdse, to William Wolff * Co.
Ship Edward O'Brien, Oliver. 144 days from New
York; mdse, to W R'Grace it Co.
Bark Fresno, At wood. 97 days from Newcastle,
NSW : 196 ) tons coal, to J -I Moore <fc Co.
Br bark Glenbank. Leonard. 158 days from
Swansea; 2246 tons coal, 250 tons coke, to'F Lloyd
Janes.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, January 8.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. ;•* •_-. ; '
stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama; Pacific Mail
Steamship Co.
stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson."
Schr John O North, Rasmussen, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond <fe Co. . > >.' ;. : ' ';.
Snll«it.
WEDNESDAY, January 8.
Stmr Colon, MacKinnon. Panama, etc.
Stmr Geo Loom is. Brid^ett, Ventura,
stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Fort Brags.
Stmr Point I.oma, Conway, Grays Harbor.
. stmr Del Norte. .Siockfleth. Hoquiam.
Br ship Routenburn. Jensen, Queenstown.
Brship Ki-n'arix, Beale. Cane Town.
Bark J I) Peters, Townsen, Seattle.
Bktn J M Griffith. Avey. l'ti£;et Sound.
Brig J D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mataukona.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson, Kureka,
Schr Kureka. Werscnuleit, Coqullle River.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Hughes, Grays Harbor.
Schr \V 8 Phelps, O'Farrell, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January B—lo r m— Weather
hazy: wind calm.
Charier*.
The Br ship Kulomene is chartered for wheat,
flour or mdse to Europe. V6s 3d ; Ger ship U U \\ at
jen, wheat to Europe, 26s 'M — Is 3d less direct.
The ships America mm I cvi (i Burgess load
coal at Departure Bay for tins port; ship Kenil
worth, sugar at Honolulu for Philadelphia: schr
Ber.le Minor, lumber at Eureka for Honolulu; Ital
hark Cavour, lumber at. Port Gamble for Callao,
37s — prior to arrival.
Dec 30— Lat 32 10 N, lons 52 60 W, ship Joseph
B Thomas, from Norfolk for Honolulu.
Per tug Reliance— Jan S— Br ship Andrina off
this port, bound from Galveston, and was ordered
to proceed north to Port Townsend by the pilot
boat Gracie 8.
i Per ship Roderick Dhu— Nov 22— I.at 31 no S
long 89 40 W, Br ship Candahar, from lquique for
Hamburg.
Miscellaneous. /■.'":
LONDON— Jan B— Br ship Hollinwood previously
reported having put Into Lyuelton with car "o
heated, temperature rising, must discharge.
Uoiiiest:c Port*.
ALBION-Arrived Jan 8-Schr Bessie K. hence
Jbii 7.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 8-Stmr Navarrn
MENDOCINO-Sailed Jan stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco. . • •"•cub,
COOS BAY-Arrived Jan 8-Stmr Homer, hence
Jan 6.
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Empire, for Portland
A- Arrived Jan 7-Schr sparrow, hence
Jan 1; schr Alice from San Pedro; schr Li He Son nl
hence Jan 3: schr Fortuna, hence Jan 4; stmr
National City, hence Jan 7. oiuir
Sailed Jan B— Snnr Pomona, for San Francisco.
PorUa D ml N '°°" aailea Jan - Bark Vldette, for
he^e'Jan - AGG ArriVe(l - Stmr *™°°'
E S^S ES - AtWjM 8 - stmr
a A M 'n/vi DK Ar i ivetl jR nB-Schrs little Car
saned Jan d % lmT .^sadena, from Eureka.
<A't'uc,T hr Premier, for Grays Harbor.
Portland! etl Jan 8 - Scur for
Eastern Ports. '
San Fran'cl ' led Jan Sterling:, for
Foreign Ports.
COLON-Arrlved Dec 30-Stmr Allianca, from
s i? r ; J » n - Stmr Advance, from New York.
FLKFT\vnnn lmr AUlauca - lOT - Yew York.
henceA^ V 4° 0D - ArriVeaJan 7 - ship speke,
Port Biakele~ ArriV ° d UGC 31 ~ Bark Meln)se ' «rom
Sailed Jan "6-Br ship Cromdale, for San Fran
_UUEENSTOWN-Arrlvea Jan 8-Br ship City of
Florence, from Hastings Mill. ouijjv.ii> oi
Sailed Jan 7-Br ship Sokoto, for Hull; Br ship
K f OH £ M A - Sailed . Jan 6 ~ Br Btmr A"'
dearg, for Port Townsend.
. HOXGKUNG-Ssiled Jan s_stmr City of Bio
de Janeiro, for sSan Francisco. v °
GIT A YMAS-Arrived Jan 6-Schr Zumpa, hence
Dec 14. r.V-s>V'
Movements of Trana-Vtlantlo «tevner,.
\F\V YORK— Arrived Jan 8-Stmr Western
landUrom Antwerp: sunr Majestic, from Liver-
P °Sailed Jan S-Strnr Britannic. for Liverpool; stm
St Paul, for Southampton; •strnr^ormandia, for
Genoa- si mr chateau la I-itte, tor BOMWIX.
sifr'ni \Ml'T<>N-Arrived out Jan 8-Stmr St
GIBRALTAR- Passed .lan 8-Hmt **»* MMI
beta 11, from Med>erranean ports. *»r Ne»_ioK.
J-K \ WLK POlNT— Pawed .Inn H— stnir Brauns
chweig, from New York, tor Bremen.
importations.
SAX LUIS .-OBISI'O-rer Mexico-450 sks
e p"rt Harford-23 dressed calves, 4 bxa fish, Isk
quail, 1 coop turkeys, 1 coops chickens, 33 csefrs.
85 bxs apples. 1 pkg mdse, 5 cs liquors, 3 pkgs sad
dlery, so l>.\s butter, l axle.
Santa Barbara-8 bbls veronica water. 3 seals, 1
cs chocolate, *9 bxs lemons, 6 bxs oranges, ib sks
i crawfish. , .
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l 3 pkga m , i '
! 193 bxs oranges, 3 cs cigarettes, 1 cs books. 1 dx
cheese.
Port Los Angeles— ll6l sks corn. 1 bi mflse. •
Redondo— cs clears, 64 bxs lemons, 7bO bxs
oranges.
Newport— hxs oranges, Bcs eggs, 52 sks mus
tard need, 60 sks peanuts. tiO bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via Itedondo— :> pkgs muse, lb pkgs
glassware. 15 dxs hardware.
San Diego— l 4 ok-gs castings. 18 cs esss. 50 ska
dried i>eaches. ?9 bxs limes. 2 sks beeswax, 34 hdls
dry hides, 79 bxs lemons. 499% sks concentrates.
48 pcs curbing, 62 bf-bb!s 2Oqr-bbls pickled fish, 9
bdls dried fish, 183 pkRS mdse, 144 bxs oranges.
Consignees.
Mexico— <& Frohlinp: PCavagnaro; Cat
Wine Association; Wetmore Bros: Hills Bros; M F
Cabral: Cunningham, Curtiss <te Welch; II Huddle
sion: San Francisco Autonmtic Ete^isterCo; H V
j I'aiame: D E Allison & Co; Gould A Jaudin; Bates
: & Seeydam; L Spiegel & Co! John Taylor-* Co: A
Levy * Co; Kilmer, Bredhoft* A Schnls; Gilbert,
; Clements & Sons; Imiuel & Co; Gray * Barbierl;
Ban Francisco Brewery: Milwaukee Brewery: Wm
X Jackson: Wood. Curtis A Co; .1 Ivancovich A Co;
Ililti-r; Bros; Gray Bros: Bennett A Murray ; Geo
Cohalan; Dal ton "Bros; Ybarra Gold Mining Co;
L Gildemacher; A Tallies: X B Stevens & Co; II »
Gltterou & Co; Goodyear Rubber Co; Minaker A
banks ; Goodall. Perkins A Co: Detarelll Bros;
New-mark A Bdwitrds; L S<-ntena .v- Co; Haas Bros;
Amerrcan Tobacco Co; Garcia it MagglnJ : .1 .1 New
ber(tln:C X Whitney Co: Dodge, Sweeney & Co:
Wlelund Bros; American Union Fish Co; H Clif
ton: A C Robinson; W H Minor; II N Tilden A Co:
Dairymen's Union; Milani A Co; A Paladinl; DM
Beltman A Co; Enterprise Brewery: !• F Giloiore;
.1 P Redinjtton; Hooker A Co: Kirchmann A Co:
Brigham, HoppeACo: Wheaton, Breon A Co; P
<;nsni;ini : Hi- Bernard! A t^o; Norton, Teller A Co:
Getz Bros A Co; Chicago Brewery : Kowalsky A Co;
F B Haighi; ii N Tilden A Co: w C Price A Co; B
fancies: Frederlcksburp Brewery : I. T> Stone A Co;
llileckman ACo; <}' Camillloui A Co; Labor Ex
change: WF Mitchell; Witzel A Baker; Reilly,
WoltersACo: J Hoffman; Krlanger A Gallnger;
Samuel Bros; Trobock A Bergen; Labor Exchange.
F/,r tatr. Shipping TnteUfffenee ■'ire Fifteenth Fuoe.
OFFICE FURNITURE
B^i^Wm AND FIXTURES.
il- ; '^|a C - F - "WEBER & CO.,
C^s^BsC3 300 to 3(K» Post St.. cor. Stocktoi
4£X^~r =rr ~ff^ OFFICE and JO
■S^S^iULjfrla TYPEWRITER, 12
l^^wJH AY. c. ItAHIG, St
•^j* ■■mk^g^L^jj 157 New Montgomery JBSL
Two in One. Street, S. F. &
ocean steamships;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAJI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Plx>art Class $0.00
Second Class -6500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PKRKINS& CO.,
General Agent*.
O. I=l. cfc TSi".
ASTOEIA ANifPORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 9
State of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Ganl. Sui.ts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL HAIL FROM A«.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JbEbbSIC
! follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, \V ran gel, Janeaa. Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at » a. if., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Vvhatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 A. m.
Jan. 6, 10. 15, 'JO, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. t\ R. R., at Tacoma with N. I. R. R.,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townaend with
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing; (Ham-
| boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. m., Jan. it, 6, 10, 14,
' 18. '22, '26, 80, and every fourth (lav thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
| Port Ilarfoni (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
; Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. if., Jan.
4.8. 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
; thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pott Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Mama Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. v., Jan. '2, 6, 10, 14. 18, 22. 26. 30, and every
fourth day thereafter. '
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Faz. Altata and Guaynias (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25 th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Af«nt».
10 Market St., San Francisco.
mm STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
Coolgdrdie gold fields
}Bk (Freemantle). Austra-
Mr\kiwVi« "a: *"-"^0 tirst class,
ffif<F no Not IlLw* S teera-e. Lowest
B^sr ,^o^££^^L rail's to Capetown,
souin Africa.
ISSff lg\p> \vA Australian steamer,
LH/ **#Wn\ \^sl AI.AMKUA, saiU vi»
E^l *? P^H jftiWß Honolulu and Aucli-
mir IhJ(tf&llMM lane1 ' 1 r day, Jan.
steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, I \i- s-
day. January -1, at 10
••li J jJJ3SS>^ A. M.
Special Parties — Reduced special rates for
: parties Fen. 6 and 1... 18.U'.
Ticket oilice. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight otlice, 327 Market street.
J. J). BPBBCKKua A. BROS., General Agents.
! COIPAWIEGHER.UE TRAISATLAITIQLE
Irciuli Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIEK(NEW).4a NORTH A«a
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers tn- «BEBf
this line avoid both transit by Knglisti railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 1150: second class, $11*;.
La BRKTAGNE, ( apt. Rnpe
January 11 ,
LA GASCOONE, dipt. Baudelon
:..-...:..'.. January 18,
j LA CHAMTAUNK. I apt. 1'oiro:,
..liiiiuary 25 .
LABOURGOGNE, (apt. Leboeuf
..; ; February 1
JB®" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 9 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUG A 551 A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINAVALL a-.
fortnightly lor the West Indies and raSkfifl
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgk,
i France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
; Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa-
i nre to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
•(Ms, f 97 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., Agents.
. - 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 I*. Sfi Daily , Except Suuday,
S3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
STKAMEK :
T. C. "Walker.V .1 . D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, • City of Stocktooi
Telephone M»ln SOB.' C.v. Nay. and Impt. Co
TALLEJO AM) MARE ISLAND.
STK. MONTICKLLO,
Daily, eicept Sunday— lo i. v.. 4m. m.
riu nday— B r. v.
] X.»odlaar. Mi.iiou 1. Pier a.
■ -Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
DR. HOOD'S DOUBLE LIFE
Gained the First Wife's Con
fidence by Means of the
Civil Code.
LOVED HIS SERVANT GIRL.
A Deposition From Buffalo That Leaves
No Doubt of the Gay Doctor's
Mode of Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 8. f
A deposition was filed with the County
Clerk this afternoon that supplies the
proof to a strange story of duplicity that
was iirst told when Dr. Hood died at Hay
wards about two years ago. The docu
ment is from Dr. Hood's first wife, and
has been filed for the purpose of substan
tiating her claim 10 the estate of the de
ceased. The tangle arises from the fact
that Hood was posing as the legal bus
baud of two women at the time of his
death.
When Dr. Hood was living at Hay?
lie had a wife known to all as Mrs. Eifie
Hassler Hood. She died a lew months be
fore the doctor and left her property to
him. Before the estate was distributed
Dr. Hood died, and in accordance with
the terms of the will the estate was ordered
to be distributed to A. J. Hassler of Hay
wards. At this sta«e the Eastern widow
was heard from. Jn order to establish her
claim the deposition was taken which was [
liled to-day.
Mrs. Hood says that she now lives at
Buffalo. N. V. . and is -SO' years of ape. She
met Dr. Hood in San Francisco when she
was IS years old at the bouse of Mr. and
Mrs. Keycs. In June, IS7B, Dr. Hood
showed her the Civil Code of California, in
which he had marked several passages,
v.hi Cii he said indieiueJ that if they lived
te^ether as husband and wife they were
lust as legally married as though a cere
mony had leen performed. He said his
wife had very recently died near San
Francisco ar:d"he aid not like to make his
mar:. public ?o soon after her death.
Subsequently he gave her a certificate of
marriage, signed by Justice Sbinn of San
RaiaeCtestifying mat on .Tune 24, IS7S, he
had married J. W. H. Hood to Bessie
Anderson. The certificate is attached to
the deposition:
Mrs. Hoods says she lived with Dr.
Hood as his wife for two years and that he
introduced her to many prominent people
whose names are well" known in Oakland
and San Francisco. A child was born at
Upper Bluffs-, Humboldt County, in April,
187!', and named John Paul Hood.
According to Mrs. Hood's story, the
doctor was a passionate and effusive letter
writer, and extracts from these letters
fully establish the relationship between
them. They are all written to "My dear
wife," and tain many allusions to "our
dear boy." The direct story of Mrs. Hood
co:ic!ud»s thus:
"I Ja^t saw Dr. Hood on board the
steamship Britannic, in New York harbor,
fts he was leaving for England. I came
East to Chicago from California in<lßSo, at
the suggest] of Dr. Hood, as my health
was poor and he said that the trip might
benefit me. M> illness was caused by wor
rying over the fact that Dr. Hood was
spending most of his time with a young I
woman named Em"c Mallatratt (nee Has- j
sler), who was once my servant, but whom
1 discharged because of her conduct with
my husband. After she left my house Dr.
Hood took care of her— supported her —
and 1 knew that they lived together as
man and wife later. It was on her ac
count that he ceased to care for me and
our child."
In one of the letters he says: "I am
pleased you are meeting friends and be- j
ginning to feel at home, but hope that you
will lot get too thick with men. Don't
flirt with or encourage men." At the
time he was giving his wife such counsel
he was introducing his former servant girl I
a3 his wife to his Hay wards friends.
About three years ago the woman with
whom he was living got into trouble on
account of her violent and cruel treatment
of a little girl the doctor had befriended in
London and brought out here. From that
time on the Hoods were notorious, and
when the doctor made his will on his
deathbed he left his curse upon ail who
had pushed the barges of cruelty against
them, and whom he charged with his
wife's death. The contest comes up on
-•jih inst.
THE PRESIDENT TALKS.
He Kxplaiu« the Present Standing of the
Regimental Band.
OAKLAND, I'm.., Jan. 8. -Much has
recently been published about the split in
the Fifth Regiment band and the row
over the proprietorship of tne music. The
president of the union has furnished the
following statement for publication:
In the first place, the president was not
charged with "v..;. questionable practices
in his official capacity," but with discrim
inating in lavor 01 the Fifth Regiment band.
In the second place, the man who brought
tho .*!,;.•, George H. Richardson, is not a
"disaffected" member of the band, but a dis
charged member of the Fifth Regiment band,
X. G. C In the third place, the meeting on
Sunday night was r.ot unsuccessful to the
opposition because of the non-attendance of
the members, but because the said opposition i
did not have sufficient votes to carry its
point.
The true inwardness of the whole matter is
this: President Hall was entirely exonerated '
of the charge of favoritism or discrimination
on the ground that at the time being there was
but one organized band in Oakland, trie Fifth I
Regiment band, and it as recognized that the
move, on the part of the opposition, was maae
solely for the purpose of throwing the presi
dent nnd present board of directors out. Mr. i
Hall, however, is still the president, and, to- I
gether with the board of directors, will remain j
in power till the next annual election.
The statement made that the matter will be
brought up again at the next monthly meeting !
i - also erroneous, ns it has already been fully
settled and cannot be brought forward again.
hr inserting the above you will greatly favor
the union and place the matter in its proper I
light. Very respectfully. J. H. Hall.
President Musicians' Union, Oakland.
STOLE a goat.
Uncle George Hromlcy to Be Tried for
a Misdemeanor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— novel trial
will be conducted in the Macdonouph
Theater January 17, for the benefit of the
Young People's Unity Club. Uncle George
Bromley is the defendant in the cv- i and
it is alleged that ho stole the gout from
Widow Grady. Judge S. G. Nye will hear
the t. stSniony, which will be presented by
attorneys Fred K. Whitney and i- red 8.
Btratton: Many society people will act as
jurors and witnesses, ana there will un
doubtedly be a full house.
"Trial by Jury," as tr-.is piece is called,
is not exactly a play, because the dialogue
is only partly written, much being left to
the Impromptu fun-making powers of the
participants. Among the latter will be
the goat, who will be in court togged as
'•Exhibit A." He will brows* around the
courtroom, wajreing his beard and devour
iii;; choice pieces of clothing of the law
yers and jurymen, ana occasionally taking
a header at somebody rash enough to turn
his back on so important a personage.
Widow Grady describes herself as one
who "be mostly takin' «crubbin' for a
livin', and she lives at Lake and Jack
son streets, where a washerwoman would
naturally be expected to reside. The lead
ing witness for thft defense is a rival wash
erwoman, Maud Bvangeliue White, who is 1
black as the ten of spaces. Mrs. White,
who does not take the same view of the
goat question as Mrs. Grady, is a new
woman — an up-to-date washerwoman, who
wears bloomers and rides into he court
room on her bic3'cle, with a wash-basket
fastened on in front.
Mrs. Trowbridge Honored.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— The directors
of the recent Oakland Exposition this
evening presented Mrs. H. 0. Trowbridge
with a beautifully engraved silver service
as a recognition of the interest shown by
her in that enterprise. President J. W.
Nelson, M. J. Keller, G. Roeth, Theodore
Gier, B. T. Bell, F. W. Spears, Craigie
Sharp and Mr. Davis went to her residence
about 8 o'clock taking her completely by
surprise. When all had been made to feel
at home the presentation was made.
The service is an elegant affair of eight
pieces and a magnificent silver tray neatly
engraved. In the bottom of the tray
are the words: "To Mrs. H. 0. Trow
bridge, with the compliments of the ex
ecutive committee of the Oakland Exposi
tion, 1895."
Kew Ordinance Needed.
OAKLAND, Cm.., Jan. B.— lt has been
discovered that the ordinance under which
the city olh'cials have been obtaining their
supplies is illegal, and a new one will have
to be passed by the Council. According
to the present ordinance requisitions
granted by the Mayor may be made for
any sum he may see fit. A short time ago
the Council sought to place the signing of
the requisitions in the hands of the chair
man of the Finance Committee instead of
the Mayor, but the measure failed to pass.
Now that a new ordinance is required the
Council will undoubtedly incorporate the
change. Of course the Mayor will veto it,
so if Brosnahan, Bassett, Watkinson and
Heitman stand together as usual the veto
will prevail. '■:
Cremation for Garbage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— The Council
is. now about to settle the garbage question
definitely. Bids have been received from
three parties and one must be accepted-.
Schafier & Swift, who have built a scien
tific garbage crematory, offer to destroy
the garbage for $350 a month for one year.
A.. B. Tennant, who is now getting $535 a
l month to haul it away on cars, offers to do
it for $260 if he can segregate it and put
the ashes on the city marshes. John
Hackett will give $50 bonus if given a
ten-year contract to dispose of it. The
Health Officer favors cremation.
Da Costa Is All Right.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 8.-John Mar
tin denied to Judge Frick this morning
that he had schemed to nave Jose da
Costa declared incompetent. As there was
no evidence except hearsay to refute Mar
tin's statement, Judge Frick shut him off,
; saying he did not want to hear more in
i the matter. The Judge then granted the
I petition restoring Da Costa to capacity.
The suit to collect the money from Wen
ceslaw that was paid to guarantee Da Costa
a home for life will now be pressed.
There Was No Cruelty.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. — A story hav
ing been published that the San Leandro
branch of the Girls' Directory of San
Francisco was not being properly con
ducted, Mrs. Prescott, ascent of the' Chil
dren's Society, investigated the ] lace
yesterday. The agent states that there is
no evidence of cruelty, but as two sisters
have charge of seventeen babies in four
I rooms their task is a hard one. Under the
circumstances, Mrs. Prescott says, the
foundlings are tolerably well cared for.
A Heavily Bonded Road.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— W. S. Ru
dolph, secretary of the Central Railway
Company, tiled a certificate of bonded in
debtedness to-day, showing the creation
of the debt by the stockholders at a special
meeting held last November. The road
was bonded for $120,000, and the purpose
of the bonds was to cay debts and retire
outstanding bonds. The vote for the
bonding was 4190 shares out of a total of
5190 shares. The issue was of 1000 bonds
to run thirty years at (3 per cent.
No Need to Have Run.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. S. — Thomas
Lamb, who was shot by Officer Andrews,
is recovering. The police appear to be sat
isfied that he was not one of the robbers
for whom they were searching and cannot
understand why he should have run off.
The surgeons have as yet been unable to
locate the bullet, but believe it has not
lodged in any very dangerous place.
Kellogg's Bribery Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— G. H. Kel
logg, formerly a railroad detective, was on '
trial to-day for an alleged attempt to secure |
I a bribe to square a case against Edward
| Savage, who was arrested for pocket-pick
j ing. When the case was called the princi
i pal witnesses were missing and cannot be
I located. The opinion has prevailed since
i the indictment was issued that the case
I would not go to trial.
To Help Armenians.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— mass
i meeting will be held at the First Congre
gational Church next Monday night to de
vise some means of providing assistance
for the Armenians. Rev. Drs. McLean,
Kummer, Hobart, Coyle, Wendte and Pal
mer, Rev. Father McSweeney and Rabbi
Friedlander have the affair in charge.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call, (
908 Broadway, Jan. 8. j
The Oakland Athletic Club will organize a
baseball team.
Al Lean has issued a challenge to meet any
amateur or professional in any athletic diver
sion.
The Acme Club will hold a gentlemen's night
next Tuesday. A big programme has been ar
ranged.
The week of prayer is being duly observed at
I the various churches of Oakland. The attend-
I ance is large, and the services arc of an unusu
j ally interesting character.
The Reliance Club will have a society bene
\ fit on the nights of January 2-1 and 25, when
I the ••Charity company" will produce "7-20-8"
; at the llacdonough Theater.
The entertainment to have been given
; Thursday evening at the Unitarian Church
has been indefinitely postponed, owing to the
illness of Miss Portia Knight, who was to have
been the central figure.
The coroner's jury in the case of 'William J.
Gardner, the foreman of the switch engine
crew, killed in the feral ta-street yards by his
toot catching in a /rot;, returned a verdict
stating that he met his death by being run
over by a train but, made no further comment.
The suit of James White against George Pe
termann for $25,000 damages was dismissed
to-day on motion of the plaintiff. White
Claimed that I'etermann drove him out ol the
postodice at Mount Kden last July at the
point of a revolver and threatened to shoot
him.
The Creckerjack, the supposed pirate craft
which sailed away with the vawlboat belong
ing to Captain .Peterson of the bark La Klnfa,
was fit Port Costa yesterday. Constable Scott
boarded her, but could find no trace of the
missing yawl, and consequently made no ar
rests.
Drs. MeKtttt and Lisoni of Snn Francisco held
on autopsy on the remains of the late John \V.
Culemuii yesterday afternoon. It w&s found
that his death was caused from an attack of
neuralgia of the heart. The funeral has been
get for 'I o'clock to-morrow from his iate resi
dence.
Miss Flossie Jennings, a little six-year-old
traveler, arrived fit the pier yesterday from
Philadelphia. She bad be<m on the road five
days anu traveled without any companion.
She was met at the ferry by her uncle and
aunt, Mr. and Mrs. J. \V. Orr, and taken to
their home, 1320 California street, Sun Fran
cisco.
Superintendent Hays of the Home of the
Aduit Blind has appointed Max Glas of Ala
meda to be watchman. He succeeds James
Grummett, who has held the position for a
amber of years. Glas is "-a native son and a
Democrat," who ran jor the office of Constable
on tne .Democratic ticket in Alameda some
time ago. ____________
Very Rich Indeed
In the elements that supply the human system
with bone, mnscle and brain suhntoncoisacircuia
-lat lon fertilized with the supreme tonic, Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which beg«ts thorough as
rsi m:lo,Mon and digestion, and gives a healthful
Impulse to every function of tue body. Dyspeptic
and wpukly persons give strong testimony In Its
behalf. Ho do those troubled with biliousness, ma
laria, rheumatism, constipation and inactivity of
the kidneys.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
DIVIDED THE COMMITTEE
Effort to Oust Chairman Mau
talen to Be Made on
Saturday.
RELIC OF THE LAST CAMPAIGN.
Each Side Claims an Equal Number
of Votes and the Fight Is
Very Keen.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broaaway, Jan. 8. f
Next Saturday the Republican County
Central Committee will meet for the pur- j
pose of deciding whether it shall be reor
ganized or whether it shall remain as it is.
As near as can be ascertained the commit
tee is evenly divided.
The bone of contention is Charles Mau
talen, chairman of the committee. For
over a year he hns been persona non grata
to half of the members and this feeling
was arrived at by a piece of work that at
once stamped Mautalen either as an aa-
CUARLES MAUTALEN, THE .MAN WHO HAS EVENLY i-IVIPED TUE ALAMEDA
COUNTY REPUBLICAN CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
[From a photograph.]
ranced diplomat or as a novice, and
neither his friends nor his foes have been
able to decide which. The trouble occurred
at the time P. G. Hilborn was making his
campaign for Congress. At a meeting
held in this city Mmitalen, as chairman of
the County Committee, appointed Stephen
T. Gage as chairman. As Gage's relations
with the railroaa company were so well
known many considered that Mautalen
had chosen him for the purpose of enabling
hilborn'tj enemies to circulate the cry of
railroad influence being used in his behalf
and thus nelp Warren B. English.
Others concluded that it was a scheme to
help Hilborn and thnt that candidate's re
fusal to go upon the platform at the meet
ing made him hundreds of votes. No sat
isfactory decision of the merits of the sen
sation was ever arrived at, but there has
been since the last election a split in the
committee. After the election the com
mittee met and passed some very strong
resolutions which were never made public.
At this time the tight is over the chair
man, and Mautalen and Evans are the
rivals. The Evans fa'tion assert that
some time ago they were informed by
Mautalfen that he would resign on account
of iil health and tnat they believed him.
Mautalen denies that there is any truth in
the story and that he will not resign.
The Evans wing is known as the reor
ganization party, and claims that Mau
talen is the remaining legacy of the
Vrooman regime, and must go. There are
also ;ome smaller elements figuring in the
unpleasantness, but these are all subor
dinate to the main tight.
As things appear at present the commit
tee will be a deadlock if all turn up at the
meeting. Mautalen claims a majority with
his own vote, and depends upon Walsh,
Bernal, Church, Riley, StriKer and pos
sibly Ford. Evans claims Mitchell, who
wants to be a Supervisor; McPherson,
Armstrong, Flettcr add Hawes. Church
is sick and will probably not be at the
meeting, so the vote to determine the re
organization plan appears to be even.
Each side is trying to capture an extra
vote, but the greatest dUplav of confidence
is being made by the Mautalen party.
WILL BE NO DRIVEWAY.
Reinstein's Plan for Improving
the University Grounds
Opposed.
Professor Hilgard Contended It Would
Be of No Use— The Campus
Inspected.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— Fiom
present indications it would seem that the
plan of Regent J. B. Reinstein and Super
intendent McLaren of Golden Gate Park
for the construction of a broad entrance
and driveway to the university grounds
from Center street would experience some
difficulty in carrying into execution.
Thin forecast is the result of the decision
which took j>lace thil morning between
Regents Reinstein, Houghton, Martin and
Professor Hilgard.
The three regents mentioned, in com
pany with Professors Hilpard, Soule and
Randall, and Messrs. McLaren, Grunsky
and Rowell, spent the entire morning ii\
looking over the prounds and planning for
the proposed new reservoir and for the
much-talked-of driveway entrance from
the west Ade of the reservation.
From the very be.-iuningof Regent Rein
stein's move for the beautifying of the
grounds it has boon his object "to have a
V-shaped 60-foot approaeb to a 4,5-foot
drive from Center street through Pro
fessor Hilgard's agricultural garden?,
along Strawberry Creek, under the oaks',
to a point near the present footoall prounds.
Bo to the present time the scheme has
met with little apparent opposition, but
to-day Professor iiilgard took a decided
stand against the measure. His views
were concurred in by Recent Houghton of
the building and grounds committee, Re
gent Martin, chairman of that committee,
standing on neutral ground.
As a substitute to the driveway it was
proposed that a broad footwalk be con
structed over about the same territory as
that planned for the driveway.
Professor Hilgard, through whose plan
tation the driveway would pass, gave aa
his reasons for opposing the measure that
the driveway would be little used by vehi
cles excepting those of butchers and
bakers, on account of its location with re
spect to Oakland and the populated por
tion of Berkeley; that the historic oak
trees would necessarily have to be inter
fered with; that there would have to be
another entrance made from University
avenue as soon as the streetcar line from
the proposed West Berkeley Ferry was
put in ; that the agricultural experimental
gardens would be again disturbed and
much cut up, and that he believed a drive
way and walk for pedestrians through a
place such as the university grounds
should not be. both on account of the dust
and the liability of accidents.
"As for my gardens," said he, "they are
of the least consideration. If I felt that
the drive would De for a lasting good
I would accede to the plan and dig up my
plants."
The matter will be brought up for final
settlement at the meeting of the board
Tuesday.
After considering some of the plans for
laying out walks and drives near the main
buildings, the party went to the site of the
proposed reservoir about 300 yards to the
rear of the chemistry building on the
creek. A dam will be built across the
creek, and the water backed up. it is
: estimated that the reservoir will be
! capable of holding 50,000,000 to 100.000,000
j gallons of water, to be used chieliy for
' pnrden purposes. The work when com
j pleted will have cost about $40,000. Xo
i money for this purpose is available at
I present.
I'niversity Singers^Abroad.
BERKELEY, Cat.., Jan. B— The Uni
versity of California Glee Club left this
; morning on a concert tour through some
of the more important near-by towns of
the State. They will perform to-night at
; Stockton, Friday evening at Chico, Satur
; day evening at Marysville and Monday
evening at Sacramento, returning to
Berkeley Tuesday.
Following is the personnel of the club:
: First tenors, C. R. Morse, Charles A.
i Elston, B. G. Somers, T. A. Smith; seconi
I tenors, Frank Taylor, Harold Symmes,
Temple Smith, Fred S. Knight; first bass,
Otto AVedernieyer, Raymond J. Russ,
: Stewart Rawlihgß, George Whipple;
i second ba^. Dwight Hutchinson, Power
Hutching, Howard P. Veeder, R. H. Par
sons; Charles E. Parcelis, violinist; Dr.
(iillx.-rt S. (irahnm, tenor soloist; Arthur
Agard, piano accompanist.
Kules for the Library.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— The Board
| of Public Library Trustees met last night
; and adopted a set of rules and regulations
i to govern the borrowing and use of books
\ and the general conduct of the library.
A special committee was appointed to
i purchase furniture for the reading-rooms
i at Lorin and West Berkeley.
Arrangements were entered into for the
I renting of a room in the Baker block at
I Lorin for the free library at $12 50 a month.
The finance committee approved bills to
the amount of $b'7 31. Mrs. Stillwell was
appointed librarian ol the Lorin branch at
i $25 a month. The report of Librarian
; Moore of the main library, on Shattuck
avenue, for the month of December showed
the total attendance for the month to have
been 5174, a;i average of 182.75 daily, which
is an increase of nearly 7 per cent over
that of December, 1894.
Liquor Within the Limit.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. S.— A. Berg was
j arrested this afternoon on a warrant
I charging him with selling liquor within
i the mile limit. He was allowed to go on
his own recognaizance until he could
secure bonds.
Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— The Board
of Town Trustees will meet as a committee
i of the whole to-morrow evening to further
I consider the re-enactment or annulment
of certain ordinances or parts of conflict
: ing ordinances now standing on the statute
S books.
The Christmas recess of the University
lof California will close next Saturday.
Regular work in the colleges of Berkeley
will be resumed on Mondaj , the lath inst.
LOOTED A PLUMBING-SHOP.
Joseph Costello and Joe Alonzo Ar
rested on a Charge of Burglary.
Joseph Costello and Joe Alonzo, both
under age, were arrested last evening by
I Policemen McMalion, Frell and Flanley
j and detained at the California-street sta
-1 tion on a charge of burglary. Tuesday
.night a plumbing-shop at 320 Montgomery
j avenue, which is o»vned by E. J. Dailey,
was looted and tools valued at $100 were
stolen.
Officers were detailed on the case and
i yesterday afternoon succeeded in locating
I the tools in a water-front junkshop. From
i a description obtained from the junk
i dealer ot the men from whom the tools
\ were purchased the officers succeeded La
| locating the prisoners on the Barbary
f Coast and placed them under arrest.
Ice Carnival Kxcursion Kates.
The first of the weekly excursion trains to
the Truckee ice carnival will leave to-morrow
at Or. m. Reduced rates have been made for the
i occasion and include, in addition to transpor
! tation both ways and berth, the use of skates
; from 0 a. m. to 10 }■. m., twelve rides on the to
j boggan slide, a sleighride to Dormer Lake and
j entrance to the rooking-stone tower. The rate
i for tin Tipper berth is 13 and for a lower berth
$13 50. ,-_ '
« — ♦• — ♦ .
Cabinet-makers in Florence receive 48 to
68 cents a day.
PLOT TO DESERT A WIFE
A Catalina Island Sailor Wants
Her to Believe He Is
Drowned.
ANXIOUS TO GO EXPLORING.
An Unnatural Husband's Letter to
the Promoter of the Santana
Expedition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 8. f
The promoters of the bcheme that has
for its object the exploration and possible
conquest of a large portion of Lower Cali
fornia have received a very remarkable let
ter from Avalon, Catalina Island. They
are asked to become parties to a plot that
would sever the family relationship of a
husband and parent in such a manner as
to cause hia nearest kin to think his body
was at the bottom of the deep blue sea.
The strange letter refers to an article
that appeared in The Call several weeks
ago describing the projected voyage of the
Santana. It then procceeds to tell a story
more suggestive of an irresponsible ro
mancer than of the head of a family.
The writer, whose name is suppressed
by Alfred Baroteau, who received the let
ter, because he regards it as a confidential
communication, starts out by raying that
he possesses accurate knowledge of some
valuable mines, and is anxious to join any
expedition that will help to explore tnem.
lie asks the terms on which he can
come in on the deal and then proceeds to
tell of his worldly goods and what he
would be willing to Uo to help the expedi
tion, lie possesses a powerful little gaso
line launch that he says is capable of tow
ing a &niall schooner three miles an hour
in smuoin water, and he suggests that it
would bu a valuaole acquisition to the
owners of the Santana in exploring creeks
ana rivers and la helping the old bark
along in a calm.
ihen comes a little bit of family History.
The writer says he has not the same
opinion of married life that he had when
the experience was new, many years ago.
His domestic relations are, in fact, so
Strained and uncongenial that he is
anxious to separate them entirely. He
does not wish to do so in a manner that
would cause unnecessary anguisn to those
he would leave behind, su he has con
ceived a plan by which he hopes to create
the impression that he is dead.
If the members of the expedition will
stand in the writer asks to know when the
Santana. will be off a certain point on the
coast. Ho wants them to heave-to and
wait till he visits them. He will go off in
his gasoline launch and the little vessel
can then be hoisted on deck and away ttie
whole outfit will sail to the southeast. Of
course, the unhappy writer need not taka
so much trouble to leave Avalon, as ;i mail
is sent lrom the place daily, but by leaving
in the gasoline launch and not returning
the writer sees a way of avoiding much
unnecessary searching and anxiety. He
says that it is a custom ol his to make
frequent trips from Catalina to Clemente
Island and that if he should not return it
will be at once concluded that his gasoline
launch has exploded and that the launch
and owner have gone to the bottom.
In order to prepare the way for the
t credible reception of such a story, the
owner has toid many stories by his fireside
of the numerous little accidents he has
not experienced, and has made frequent,
reference to the final one that may come
unexpectedly and render his wife a widow.
"I've been in many schemes in mv life
time,'' said Baroteau to-night, "but that's
just a little too cold-blooded to suit me. I
can sympathize with a man that is tired
of married life, as I have a lively divorce
suit on ray hands at this time, but 1 think
she ought to know whether she is married,
divorced or deserted. It don't strike me
as quite fair to leave her in the dark. I
don't think we'd take that gasoline launch
with us. If it is as dangerous as repre
sented, it might explode on board, and I
don't appreciate that kind of a judgment. 1 '
HE JUMPED FOR LIBERTY
An Alameda Chicken - Thief
Leaps From a Train in
Motion.
The Rev. Victor Morgan to Reply Next
Sunday to the Rev. Mr.
Bovard.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. B.— Police Officer
Moebus boarded the first local narrow- |
gauge train yesterday morning in the hope '■■
of catching the chicken-thief who has been j
robbing the West End henroosts. The j
officer had a theory that the thief took the
earlyjtrain for the City with his booty, get
ting on at one of the last stations.
His theory was right. A man with a
basket of chickens boarded the train at
Second avenue. The officer upon ques
tioning him soon became convinced that
he had found the thief and placed him un
der arrest. The officer rode with his pris
oner down to the mole and siarted back
with the return train. But the train had
not proceeded far from the landing when
the brakeman passed through the car and
leit the door open.
The chicken-thief seized the opportunity
and made a dash for liberty. He ran
through the open door and leaped from
the platform upon the trestle. Whether
he alighted in the water or remained on
the ties is not known. The train was
stopped and backed up, but he was no
where to be found.
Later people at the Bay View House,
near the old lauding, reported to the po
lice that a man bleeding from cuts about
his face and with torn clothes and hat
less, applied for some one to row him
across the estuary to Oakland. He is un
doubtedly the man, but has not yet been
found.
Will Take the Other Side.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. B.— Rev. Henry
Victor Morgan, pastor of the First Chris
tian Church, announces that he will preach
next Sunday is reply to Rev. Dr. Bovard,
taking up the cudgel in behalf of the El
Nido Club. His subject will be, "What
Churches Might Learn From Clubs."
The Rev. Mr. Morgan is qualified to
speak from actual knowledge. Hi 3 con
fregation worship in the main hall of the
lasonic building. The El Nido Club has
room'? in a hall adjoining. The same hall
way leads to both. In the several months
of the Rev. Mr. Morgan's pastorate he has
seen nothing out of the way in the club,
and is on terms of friendship witti a num
ber ol its members. The nit-inbers of the
club will turn out in force at the services
Sunday evening to hear Rev. Mr. Morgan,
and his church will receive at least a tem
porary boom thereby.
Boat * tul* Officers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. B.— Alameda
Boat and Swimming Club has elected the
following officers: President, J. A. San
some; vice-president, C. J. Lancaster;
secretary, W. B. Hir.chrnan; treasurer, S.
W. Creigh; captaiu, A. {Schumacher ;
lieutenant-captain, L. A. Merry. Ten new
members have been elected.
Th« Alameda Public Schools.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. B.— There are
2500 pupils in attendance at the public
schools of Alameda. Of these, 165 attend
the High School.
The following applications for positions
were made at the last meeting of the
School Board : Mary A. Hewett, Sallie B.
Hampton and Jeanne Gillespie of San
Francisco; Mabel Miller of Alameda,
Florence Hamilton of Berkeley, and Edna
S. Hamerof Oakland.
A resolution was adopted providing that
hereafter all brooms and brushes required
by the School Department of Alameda
shall be purchased at the Home for Adult
Blind at Berkeley.
ACCUSED OF STEALING.
Employes of Brown Brothers Charged
With Systematically Robbing the
Finn for a Long Time.
Henry Wetzler, a cutter for Brown
Brothers, was arrested last night on a war
rant charging him with felony embezzle
ment. Tne complaining witness is B.
Sheiddman, one of the salesmen.
Wetzler was. arrested Saturday on a
charge of petty larceny and admitted to
bail in $50. The case came up in Judge
Joachitnsen's court Monday and was con
tinued till January 13.
W. T. Baker, a salesman, was arrested
December 24 on a charge of grand larceny
for having, as alleged in the complaint,
stolen clothing from the rirm, and ho will
be tried January 13. It was stetad last
night that Baker informed on Wetzler,
thereby turning State's evidence,
The warrants accuse them of having
systematically stolen clothing from Brown
Brothers and sold it in saloons and other
places around town.
DAMAGES THAT MAY FAIL
Question of Jurisdiction Settled
in the Sampson
Cases.
The Prospect of the Baker and Doolan
Litigants Is Not ' Very
Encouraging.
There is not much prospect of a large
amount of pecuniary realization to be
looked forward to by the claimants in
the schooner Sampson damage cases now
in the Adrniralt}' court.
When the ocean steamer the City of New
; York was wrecked off Point Bonita in the
winter of 1893-94 the Sampson was engaged
in the work of unloading the ill-fated yes
: sel. A3 though fate itself were against
a nything connected with the big ship, the
j little Sampson was blown ashore and
; wrecked on January 5, 1884, and to add
! still more misfortune the lives of George
Baker and Jamea Doolan, seamen, were
lost. The Sampson also caught fire.
Suits were subsequently brought in the
: Superior Court by Lottie Baker, adminis
: tratrix for George Baker, and Mary Krone
and others, heirs of James Doolan. The
; actions were for $50,000 each.
Then a restraining order was obtained
: from the Admiralty Court— the Federal
tribunal that has jurisdiction — cutting
short the proceedings in the State court;
| and before the same tribunal a petition
! was made under the act of 1851 (section
i 4H82 of the United States Revised Statutes)
to limit the liability of Thomas P. H.
. Whitelaw and Thomas A. Whitelaw to
! the value of the schooner and nothing
! over.
The schooner has been appraised at
about $tiOO gross and $300 net. United
States District Judge Morrow granted the
petition yesterday, overruling the de
murrer entered by the attorneys for the
; Whitelaws and denying their motion to
\ dissolve the injunction.
Judge Morrow, in his opinion, goes
thoroughly into the question of the juris
i diction of the Federal and State courts re
! spectively. "The only real question pre
| sented by the demurrer and motion to dis- j
' solve,' lie explained, "is whether this J
| court (Admiralty) having original and ex- i
I elusive jurisdiction of limitation of liability j
! proceedings can enjoin the suits in the j
I State court."
In support of their motion counsel for
the Whitelaws cited section 720 of the Re- ■
vised Statutes, which reads: "The writ of !
injunction shall not be granted by any j
f court of the United States to stay proceed
ings in a court of a State except "in cases
; where such injunction may be authorized
by any law relating to any proceeding in
bankruptcy." The court showed that the
original act of March 2, l793, from which
I this section evolved, did not include the
| exception relating to bankruptcy proceed
ings, and he also demonstrates" that even
in its present form section 720 is inappli
cable. A decision of United States Dis
trict Judge Choate. of New York is copied
from as settling the entire question of jur
isdiction, as follows:
The peculiarity of this case is that the suit
stayed la one in which by the express terms of
an act of Congress the State court is absolutely
without jurisdiction to proceed. There are not,
therefore, the same reasons of public policy in
this case as in the cases more particularly pro
vided for In section 720 for prohibiting the
issue of the injunction or restraining order.
It does not interfere with any exercise of
jurisdiction which could otherwise be claimed
by the State court, and Is not likely to lead to
unseemly conflicts between the Federal and
State tribunals, to prevent which is under
stood to have been the original Durpose of this
prohibitory legislation, bo positive is the lan
guage of section 4285 that it may be doubted
whether, after the transfer therein provided
for, the state court could make any order what
ever in the cause, even one restraining the
plaintiff from its further prosecution.
On the whole, therefore, construing the two
sections togetner, I think this court may still
restrain, by its order pending tne suit, parties
who have commenced actions in trio State
court from further proceedings therein.
The suggestion that the court which first ol»
--tains jurisdiction in a matter has the right to
go on and determine the cause has no force in
a case where, by a valid statute, a court subse
quently obtaining jurisdiction is vested with
exclusive jurisdiction.
Judge Choate's decision was given in tne
Long Island, etc., Transportation Compa
ny'scase (5, Federal Reporter, 599). The
action of Judge Morrow limits the liability
of the Whitelaws to the mere value of the
schooner.
TRIAL OF THE LUCERO.
George A. Knight Gives Charles lair's
New Yacht a Test Run
Outside.
Charles Fair's gasoline yacht Lucero
was taken outside the harbor by George
A. Knight yesterday for a trial trip. On
board were Captain G. M. .lessen, her
future skipper; Robert Enge'brecht, her
builder, and Captain Hughes, who
brought the vessel down from Seattle re
cently.
She was jpeerled at about nine knots
both head on to the sea and broadside to
the waves, and in every condition behaved
in an excellent manner.
The L-raceful little steamer rode the
swell like a bird, breaking but little water
and with very little rolTin her motion?.
The engines worked without a hitch and
the entire trip was made most satisfac
torily.
Mr. Knight, as the representative of
the young millionaire, declined to state
whether he would accept the vessel, but
he expressed himself as pleased with the
performance of the boat.
In Honor of a Great Victory.
Major W. B. Hooper of the Occidental Hotel
early yesterday unfurled a large flag from the
top of the Occidental block in honor of the
triumph of General Jackson at the battle of
New Orleans
DOCKING HORSES' TAILS
Objected To by the Society for
Preventing Cruelty to
Animals.
TRYING TO MAKE A NEW LAW
Secretary Holbrook Says Docking Is
Vulgar as Well as
Wicked.
War has been declared by the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
against the custom of docking horses' tails,
and during the next session of tne Legis
lature the society means, if it has any
power in the land, to have a clause enacted
making docking an offense against the
law.
Secretary Charles Holbrook says that it
is not only cruel to dock a horse's tail, but
that it is also vulgar; and he wants to see
a stop put to California following a fashion
that is completely out of style in the East.
Secretary Holbrook said yesterday:
I regret to say that then is no law against
docking in this State, and in the present con
dition of thiugs ■we could only secure a con
viction on the general grounds' oi cruelty. We
are working, however, to get a bill in next
winter, making docking a specific offense.
I should like to get a case and try it, for it is
my belief we could secure a conviction, even,
under the present law.
Docking is another name for torturing a
horse. The tendons of the tail are severed and
the ends are twisted upward and fastened by
pulleys to the roof oi the stall. After a week or
so in this position, when the wound heals, the
tendons retain tbeii upward curve and this
causes me hair of the tai I to bunch out.
The difficulty is to get a test case of docking.
We have been working for months, but we tind
tiint the thing is done in private Btablei by
Eome groom or coachman, and we have not the
power to go in and investigate even if we
suspect that the thing is going on. It's easy for
a loc of people to sit around and say, "Oh, I'd
catch a case." They say th« same thing of dog
tights, but they do not find it so easy when
they set out to locate one. We cannot cet any
body to testify to the dockings that are done in
these private stables and we have no power to
arrest a man for having a docked horse in his
■ ion, he always says he bought it that
way. It's one thing for us to suspect ihat m
man has his horses docked at home and an
other thing to prove it.
Secretary Holbrook is especially dis
gusted with Anglomaniaca, who fondly
imagine that it is "quite English" to dock
their horses' tails. He said when dis
cussing this phase of the cruel practice:
Such nonsense! I suppose some idiot has
come out here from the East with a dook-tailed
horse. All the other idiots at once imagined
that to be in the style they must copy hirr.
They say that we have been wearing pointed
.shoes long after they were discarded Dy New
York, ami it is just the f-fime with docking our
horse*' tails.
In New York and Philadelphia they hava
enacted laws atr: inst docking, so, of course,
the custom it dying out there, and in England
no horse can take a prize at a hor.se show
which has had his tail docked. lam not sure
whether there is a clause against entering
them, but they are entirely disqualified from
taking any kiiid of a prize. Most of the Eng
lish horses hare their tails cut short, but it is
only the hair that is clipped.
Secretary Holbrook says that he hope^
soon to find proof of an actual case of
docking. He thought at one time of send
ing a horse to a groom belonging to a rich
man here, who is suspected of making
money in his leisure moments by docking
horses, and boarding them in his master's
stables till they have recovered from the
operation, but on second thought the sec
retary decided that he would not be justi
fied in allowing the cruelty for the pur
pose of securing a conviction. The officers
of the society are gathering information,
however, and they hold some clews which
lead them to hope that they will soon have
sufficient information to make an arrest.
ABDUCTION CHARGED.
Eugene F. Beams Arresteil on a Warrant
From Delano, Kern County.
Eugene P. Beams, alias De Beers, was
arrested yesterday by Policeman C. M.
Barnes, on a warrant from Kern County
charging him with abduction. He will be
detained at the City Prison till an officer
arrives from Kern County.
The complaining witness 13 Thomas
Cole of Delano, Kern County. Several
weeks ago Beams eloped with Cole's
daughter, Mattie, and the two came to this
City. Beams had been working on a
ranch near Delano for some months where
Mattie was cook, and an acquaintance wa3
formed, ending in their flight to this City.
Matties father wrote to Chief Crowley,
asking the Chief to find his daughter, and
Detective Anthony and Policeman Barnea
located them in a lodging-house on Mar
ket street. They were detained in the City
Prison for two or three days, when Mattie
was taken back to Delano by her former
employer and Beams was released from
custody, as no one would prosecute him.
About two weeks ago the warrant for his
arrest, on the charge of abduction, was re
ceived at police headquarters and Barnes
has been hunting for him since. Beams
is well known on the water front, as he
worked for three or four years or. the
Stockton boats.
At the time of the elopement the citizens
of Delano vowed that if ever Beams re
turned there they would lynch him, and
he may anticipate a warm reception.
NEW TO-DAY.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet-
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
I less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
I the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
; in the form most acceptable and pleas-
I ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
; beneficial properties of a perfect lax-
! ative; effectually cleansing the system
dispelling colds, headaches and fever*
and permanently curing constipation.
It lias given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
; profession because it acts on the Kid«
; neys, Liver and Bowels without weak-
; ening them and it is perfectly free from
! every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figa is for sale by all drug*
j gists in 50c and 31 bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
j and being well informed, you will nofi
I accept any aubstitute if offereo.
1112
EEAL ESTATE TBABSAOTIOKS.
Thomas T. and Susie E. Poflnger to Jonn H.
Scheper, iot on W iine of Cole street, 50 Nof
lienlsh. N 25 by W 109:4^ • HO.
John J.' and Slary L. O'Farrcll toll. E. fey,
lot on SW c-ornerof Hoffman ; Ellen) avenue and
Twenty-flfth street, WSOby ft _<■: 610.
I jiiie ni;d King Owyacg. Tom Jink Fjui, Loo Yin
IllnzaiV. Chun i!art"to John F. Knilish. lot on N
line of Sacramento street. 91 :3 Eof DU] Out, E25
by X 120: ! 10.
Bertolarueo Pasqualetti to OJiozoina Pasquaietti,
lot on E lino o? Taylor street; 81:6% X of Cl:est
iiiit. X 27:11% by i: 137:6: also lot on line of
Taylor street, 77:6 N of Chrstuut, N 4:1 + . E
f
[Cat O'Brien and Mary Desmond •■ . utrlcea
r.ml trustees »i the < s-a't- of Ann Desmond 1 to Kl
1. n F. Dcunoud; lot on tin- X Une of Taylor street,
87:6 S of Geary, S 25 by E »7:6; 91.
Mary Ann owell to liosc- .\. Lamb, lot on X
line of Pine street; 87:6 E of Larkin, E 50 by X
137:6; gift.
Anne Corcoran ro Mary Corcoran, Elizabeth A.
Rellly and Catherine J." Hughes," lot on si; line of
Bryant street," 100 SW of Zoe, SW 25 by si: 80;
gif!.
David S. a"d >'a.);< Morris 0 Julius S. and Belle
Morris, lot on B line of Second avenue, 125 S of
California Btreet .'■iuiith, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
George H. and Ell abeth Smith to Joseph Pat
tinson. lot on W line of Forty sixth avenue, 175 S
of J si reel ,'S 25 Iv W 1-0: $10. '
Bri<lg-'t Mc<;!inchey to Hugh McGlincrhey, lot on
W, line of Uampshlre strvet."loo N or Augusta,"N
50 by W 100. .0 s 195 and IP6. Silver Terrace; $10.
Mary Ann Rowell 10 ran vC. Rowell, lot on X
line 1.: Foarnenth avenue, 1 575 \V of P street. W
2r> hy X -MO, lots 13 and 36, block 264, O'Xeil &
Hcley: aUu
Kr.-.nc:s j., Ada F.., Benrietta,Georgia*B., Emmet
V.. Charles A. and France 1 V. Sail! '..1:1 and Belle
S. Turner to Sullivan Estate Company (a corpora
tion), lot on BE line of Mission street, 185 XE of
Seventh. NE : «f.. SK 160. sW 402:6. XW 75, Nk
:>7:o, XW So: lot on sw corner of Minna and iiuss
streets. W 41 hy S 80; lot on >1-: corner
of Minna and Russ streets, E 120 by s 80; j
lot on XW corner if Sixth and Mission streets,
N\\ 8 1 by s\V 80; also lot on XW line of Mission
street. 80'Sw of Sixth, SW 50 by XW 80: also lot
on NX corner 01 Davis and Commercial streets, E
50 by N 59:9: also lot on VV line of Polk
street, < : $ of Fulton, s 40:« by VV 137:6:
lot on - line of Pacific street. 137:6 W 01 Dupont,
W 1X7:6 by s 137:6: also 1 •>■ on SW corner of
Pacific and Dupont streets, W 137:0 by 8187:6;
also lot on SK corner of Oak and Webster streets.
E 137:6 by S 157:6; also undivided half
of lot on " s line of McAllister street,
1 •.•1:1(1' . R of Bnkt-r, E 68:9 by 8 137:6;
also undivided ball of lot on oE corner of Golden
<Jnie avenue and Haker street. E 96:10% by S
112:6: also undivided naif of lot on W line of Devis
ed .to street 132:6% S of McAllister. VV 187:6 S to
]ioim Nii 10 a point. N 25- also all Interest in es
tates of John Sullivan, John C. Sullivan .aDd
Euaen -. 1. >uifivan, deceased. Probate Nos. Ih;u,
7KKI and 16,571; also ail moneys and personal
)>roi>er.y; $1.
ALAMKHA COUNTT.
Aohllle and Jnstina Sllvestra to I'aolo Carrosso,
lot 0:1 N line of h rle street, 282.42 E of Telegraph
avenue, E .'2.04. N 110.50, W 5". 1 , S 105.30 to be-
Flnnlnc. 1» i:is lot 6. Linden Homestead, Oakland
Towns ?10.
Matilda A. Daly (wife of James E.) to Ellas
Olson, lo; 7, Santa Fe Tract, Brooklyn Townsnip:
11. C. Morris to Fred 1.. and Emily J. Miller, lot
on E line of Chestnut s ■■ • i.'T - ■! lorn slavenue,
S lf'O liv X 150, lots IS and 19, block 20, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; f 10.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Catx—
710 Market 3treet, open until 12 o'clock every
Blrnt in the year.
BRANCH OKFICE^-580 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Lf.rkin sirtet, open until 0:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
tn-11 9 o'clock.
251S Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth dtreec, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NO'iiCl OF j-i jiTi.VUs.
p^s=> DORIC DGE NO. 216, ;F. AND
!>^ A..M.. 121 Eddy St.— Called meeting /ft
THIS EVKNING at 7:bo o'ciocU. Kirs: Xv2\
decree All Masons are invited. By or ler 'v
Of the W. M. A. KKONI Secretary.
F^W C ALIFORN rAI LODG X \ NO. 1 ; F. <•
ix^S an 1a: .M., will rueetTUlS [IUB.S- //\
DAY) EVENING, January 9, at 7:30 Yy zf
o'clock. l:rst (!c;r>- Xv <ii-fr of llie'Ny^
Blaster. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
RrSS= WESTERN ADDIT 1 OX T^HZI
Lfr-=> Lo^tr- .0. 283,1. 0.0. l-'.-Iu- jgKsfeg
itiation THIS (THURSDAY) F.VEN- =sSi<2£3=
ING, Visitors cordially Invll ■d. * J "s^
L. T. FEXX, X. G.
Victor Aaron, Bee Secretary.
f£:-S= SAN FRANCISCO SCOTTISH V«7 V. i
lr~£? Tlus:le Club — Regular meeting - ' {%dv
THIS EVENING at 8 1 o'clock; at 3u -'-?%££
'O'Farrtll st. Business, insf.i la ion of *i^7"Hfc
officers. JAMES XI VEX. Royal Chief.
Alfred Miller, Recorder.
t*rfp ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
li~-ie / annual met _ o! stockholders of the
Coiame .Ste:irus:hi;) Company will • held at the
office of the company, 827 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal., on 'i'l i..-i'A > . the Slsl day of
January; 1896. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.'. for
the purpose of electing .i Loar<l of directors to |
serve lor the ensuing year and the transactio.i of
6'.ich otl.er business us may come beiore the meet-
ing. Transfer books wili close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock P. m.
K. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
EpS»*,THE I REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
tb^& of the San Francisco Ladles'.Protectloii and
l:« lief society will be held nt the home, corner of
Geary and Franklin, THURSDAY, January 9,
1896. at 2 p. m. ALICE BP.OWX, Secretary.
N'pl ICE is BEIIEBV i.I Vi.N ! \l
C5-t7 the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Horsefly Gold Mining (. ompany will be held at
Its ofliw, 610 Clay street, .--an Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY; the 14th day of January; 1896, at 3
o'clock r. m. By order of the board of directors.
EDWARD V. FLINT, President.
R. T. Ward, Secretary.
Eg' PRESIDIO AND KKRRIES R. K. CO.—
|S-* ? The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders vi" the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com- ;
pany will be held at the otlice of the company, 11 11
Union street, corner sharp's Dlace.'San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday; the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, :it the hour of 2 o'clock H. m., for
the purpose of eloctina; seven directors to serve
during t.ie cnsuln; year, and the transaction of
such other bnsinesa as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN P.. LEIGIITON. Secretary,
Uffice— llll Union si., corner Shurp's nlace,?aa
Francisco, ' a!.
££3g=- ANNUAL MEETING— THE ANNUAL
l**-=' meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance company of California will beheld
at the olHce of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, -1 19 California St..
Safe Deposit bnildiu?, San i rani Isco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
at the hour of 12 O'clock, in accordance with Ii -
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
San Franrisro, Decembpr 31. 1895.
SPECIAL, NO IK
j£ip~'Mß sr^wALTATET ioSTfoweEilTst^
Ib~*s room 23; genuine magnetic treatment;
electric battery used.
B^3s= MISS PAX lON, CHIROPODIST, 11
■»-*? ar:iy st., room 26.
i^S 3 notice"! s hereby given that
Uir-C' the San Francisco Protestant orphan Asy-
lum Society, has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and half-orphan cirls and boys
lrom June 30, 1595, to January 1, 1898: Edith
Campbell. 7 yrs.: Caroline M. Ne.vton. 5 yrs:
Mv tie Campbell, 5 yrs.: Ethel M. Motrait. 5
vrs.: Paul Duering, 2 yrs.: George Grass, 6 yrs :
Willie Coo s. 11 jits.: Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.:
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: James O. Morrltson, 4 :
yr.-,.-. Frederick A. MclTatt, 6 yrs.; Carl Smith.!
I- 1 :..;: ;. Edmund li. Bedford, 10 yrs.; Thomas
Semler, 7 yrs. ; Delbcrt D. i aley, 4 yrs.
ft^S- CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Vt**' Chlrojiodic Institute, room 9, 90C Markei.
tZTZZT ENGLISH LADY'S NEW COSMETIC
»*-** Parlors, room 46, H t MarKet st.
C£^=> MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
l*- ry B, second Boor; genuine massage treatment.
t£^S= M RS. BE RN IIAl.Ii:. 17a SIXTH ST..
C-^c Bret fluor— Genuine massage treatment.
hz3?> not fci : 1 s iie'reb y GIVES 'I HATTHK
Lir-^' Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St., San
Francisco, Cal.. has admitted the following half-
orphan girls from October 1. 1895, to January 1,
1896: Annie II;'-:.::. . juted 10 year ; Jessie Merle
Par ridge, aged 11 years; Florence V. Spicer. aged
10 years ; Georgii Wakeley.agud 10 years; Grace
Hodge, aged 8 years.
jj^S- BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94.
Or^=' Collections made, city or country. Pacitio
lollection Co.. 415 Momsy st.. room 6, Tel. 5.",80.
c^-^=» CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SCCCESS-
I*-^ folly treated. PR. 1 LOYP, Lnrline Baths.
fe3*= WINDOWS ( i.I-.A.v M) A.Ni) FLOORS
**•-** scrubbed; reasonable rates; payment tor
damages guaranteed. C. ROS.SI <t CO., 242 Sutler.
&T^f ROOMS WKITK-VtD.n UP: PAPKB-
iF^e^ r<l Sa 50 110. 317i/;>Tt'lni. i:fnr;> Harunan.
;>;\ [»i i> 'v>> riCES.
BtTv^* DIVIDEND I -THE GEBMAN
l*-^ Savinga »nd Loan Society, 526 California
street. For the hnlf year ending Decomber 31,
1595, adiviciend has been declared at the rath of
four and twenty-six hundredtbfl (4 26-300) per
cent per annum on term deposits; and three and
Hlty-flve bundredths (3 55-luu) i '-r cent per an-
num on orti;:iary deposits iree. of tnxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January 2, 1596.
GEoRGE TOURNY, Secretary.
PPS=* DIVIDEND -No!I;!: SAVINGS A D
•■»-=' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor.
Bauer. 1 ] For the half year ending December 81,
]•'■'■'■ 11 dividend has been declared at the rate of
four an) ihirty-tivo or.e-nundreiUhs 1.3!/) percent
per annum on t*ri deposits, and three and sixty
one-liiindredths (3.60) per cent j'or annum on or-
d!n»ry «'ero3'.ts. Tree of iaxe3, payable on and after
WKDNESDAY, Jnn::ary 1, 11-96. IMv.dends not
ceiled for sue added to and bear tiio same rute of
dividend as the principal from and after January
1. iwi*:. CYltW> W jCA_» M_'iiil'j- t ;T -
SITIIATioXS WANTED I t H \LK.
Co M pet :•: xt fri:x cYi woai a n d res
situation; cooking and housework: references;
$16. _>JJ _CU LI.EX. 105 Stock 1 01 mi! .
"VT UMBER OF ALL NA.TIOIT AIIITIE&
Xi awaiilng situations, wl h references. HR J .
HIRD, moved to 721 Ellis st.
uxrr'LTDY voiJinrrrrKK a position
J. as bo use keeper. 203 pn-r«»ij ;., room 5.
SITUATIONS WA>'TED-Continued.
: TXTANTED— A POSITION BY A respecta-
»i ble woman to assist in light housework or take
full charge of children. Call at. 4 Church place,
bet. Greenwich and Lombard sts., entrance off
Dupont.
■j/x IK R I K N< ' ED WILLING AMERICAN
Jj woman wishes situation to do housework or
cbamberwork. Call 737 Howard St., room 88. _
M»N INYeLI IGENTGEBMAN GIRL WISHES
Jrx. -i position as nurse and upstairs work. 1234%
1 ush St., rear.
ASTERN GIRL WOULD LIKE HOUSE-
- work in American family: wages $25; best
references. Call 715 Valencia st.
V°UNG LADY WISHES A PCSITIOX TO DO
JL light housework in small family; wage? from
$12 to $16. Call at 1060 Howard at.
I'IK-i- I.A-s LAUNDRESS WITH BEST OF
.I 1 references wishes to go out washing and ironing
; or housekeeping. 1329 Scott st., near o'Farrell,
In rear.
E!IEN< 0, BI LIABLE W OMAN
wishes a situation as housekeeper: good seam-
| stress: no objection to children. 731 Folsorn st.
WANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE, COMPE-
»' tent woman, position us chambermaid In hotel,
or second work in a private family. Call or ad-
dress 119 Silver st.
Vipl N i ; GERM A GIRL WANTS SITUA-
-1 tiootodo housework. Apply 1205 Laguna St.,
bet. Ellis and Eddy.
"lmJucatkiTlady wishes a position AS
J-J com] anio i to a laly or nurse to a lady or ge.n-
tleman; highest references. Address M. 8.. box
; 23, this office.
! POSITION WANTED— AN EXPERIENCED
I- nurse would like a position; prices reasonable.
Call or address 36 Caseill aye.. bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth sts.
| V ol -*NG GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST IN
i J. housework or take care of children. Address
! 1880% Broadway.
■posriio.\ WANTED BY a woman not
X afraid of work; private or hotel; references.
l:oom 23, Golden West Hotel, 32 Ellis St.
\\! ANTED— AN EXPERIENCED LADY'S
»' nurse wishes a few more engagements; physi-
cians' references. Appl - 7-48 Folsom.
A V QUALIFIED TO HOLD aXY POsf-
tion of trust as housekeeper, governess, com-
panion to Invalid, or would take charge of a resi-
| dence in|:ibsenceof owner; best of reference given.
i Address B. B. ii., box 16, Call Office. ,
KLIABLK YOUNG WOMAN wants SlTU-
ation to take charge of lodging-house or as
! housekeeper. Call or address 1126 Market, rm. 12.
j riOOD COOK AND LAUNDBESB WANTS
" ' situation; understands German and American
cooking; references : also competent baby's nurse,
wants position ; Protestants. Call 228 Seventh st.
ITiIRST-CLASS COOK AND A SECOND GIRL
J want work together in same house. Call or ad-
dress A. 8., 153 i Polk St.
"OWEDISIfGIUL WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
t-J work and cooking; 2 years in last position.
Can 102b West Mission st.
]>EFINED LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
JLt working housekeeper; line American cook and
sesmstre s. and fs com pel en to take entire charge
o;' any bouse; prefers country. Call or address 837
Folsoi st.
Woman wants position to GO out
II by day; do all kinds of family sewing; $1 a
day. 34 S Clementina st.
ELDERLY SCOTCH woman WISHES situ-
Xj tt '>-ii to do hourework; la good cook and
b:iker: city or counry. Address 312 Sixth St.,
near Folsom.
MERICAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
small American family to assist with house-
| work: sai:i!l wa;es. 233 Fifteenth st.
V'OUNo GIHL WISHES PLACE AT LIGHT
I housework or attending bakery. cai or address
1317 Mission st.
1 ADY P.VLSHKS POSITION AS HOUSE-
-- keeper or chambermaid in lolging-house. Call ■
afternoons, 22 Fifth st., room 18.
SITUATION WAMKIi BY TWO SWEDISH
0 girls to do cooking and general housework, $20
to $25. 11% Antonio St., off Jones, i.ear Ellis.
r\ X l-.MA.v WUJtAi WANTS DAY WORK:
O" washing, Ironing, housecleaniiiij or chamber-
work in ;■■•:. !iL-,.uuse. Call or address 612 Minna.
A'OUXii GMiL WISHES ANY KIND OF
JL work; know bow to sew; sleep home pre-
ferred. 10541/2 Howard st.
C- OHil VIDOW V.ISHE- SITUATION FOR
kj general hon ewor ; city or country; b st of
references. Call or address 1438 Dolores at.
VlOli GIRL WAXTS TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
I work in a small family. Please call at 742%
1 weniy-second -t.
WANTED BYA YOUNG GIRL A PLACE TO
»' do light housework; small wages. 623 Fourth
St.: call am r 1 p. m.
i T\RE.>SMAKER WILL TAKE WORK HOME
JL' or go out by the day at *1 50* 301 Franklin.
WOMAN V.aNTSWOKK BY THE. DAY AS i
>' laundress and housecleaulns. 43 Willow aye.,
cor. Polk st.
pOMPETEXT WOMAN* WANTS WORK OF
\J any kind by the day: good laundress. Address
1359 Howard St.. in rear.
77 V R ELI BLE MAM; IS GOOD COOK;
<) will do light housework; will work for moder-
ate uai.es- city or short distance in country: no
postals. Call or address 27^4 Fourth St., upstairs.
' RA I \E f) NURSE (ENGLISH) WISHES
L re-eugagemeut a< masseuse or in medical, sur-
2i<ai and mental diseases; terms moderate. Call
7 Van Ness aye.
liriDow of Experience desires posi-
'» tlon in lodging-house or small family. Apply
_i ■_■ 2 Turk st.
oitu a'i ion wanted bY RELIABLE. j
O irustworthy woman to do housework: is good i
cook mi I worker; good references; wages $12 to |
. $15 a month. Can be seen for three days at 79
Jessie si., ii r. First and Second.
p ERMAN GIRT WITH EXPERIENCE
V_T wishes place to do upstairs work and waiting,
or general ho work; American family preferred.
Address G. M., box 78, Call Office.
BY MIDDLE-AGED woman TO do gen-
eral l:ojsework; two years in last place. Call
SG9 Jessie, st.
p KHMAN WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
V.I do general housework and cooking. Call or
address 226 Third st.
IT tfXTiON WANTED BY A GERMAN AND
O French woman to do housework by the day or
j as nurse. Call or address 809 Bryant st.
■CM.DEIiLY WOMAN WANTS SITUATION:
AJ uool cook and housekeeper; boarding-house
j preferred. Call or address MBS. DELANO, room
16, 419 Geary st.
pOM PETENT~FREX"CII GIRL WISHES A
\J situation for upstairs work and sewing; city
references. Adprcss M. M.. 1525 Broadway.
TDESPECTABU3 WIDOW, WITH YOUNG
XV, daughter, wishes a position as housekeeper for
bachelor or widower. Apply A. l. s.. 706V2 Pine.
pOMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
\J lady wishes position ns managing and working
housekeeper in small family. Inquire 924% Har-
rison st.
\Y ANTED — SITUATION FOR GENERAL j
>» housework by competent girl from country.
2105 Bush st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
0 housework. Call 102b West Mist. on st.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN wishes day-
-1 V work of any kind. Please call at 1816 Bryant.
rroi NG WOMAN WISHES . HOUSECLEAN-
-1 Ing by the day or few hour 3 a day. Apply 543
Stevenson st.. rear.
REACH LADY. GOODSEAMSTRBBB,THOR-
; ! oughly competent in the care and management
of children, would like a position in a family to
take charge of an infant from Its birth. Addess T.
A., box ■, Call Office.
: ANTED— BABBEBS' washing BY A
' * widow. Address M. s., box 147, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION TO DO CHAMBER-
'» work and sewing; first class with children's
clones; San MaU-o preferred. 1234 Mission si.
\r (Tung widow WISHES position as
1 housekeeper. Call 11 Kearny, r. 27, first floor.
A ' O DNGAJiE RICAM WOMAN DESIUEs pol
1 sition us governess or traveling companion: la
Brat-class milliner and sewer. Address Governess,
box 122, Call Office.
YOUNG WIToW A SITUATION AS I
X type-writer. 873% 3larketsu,ro>:m 13, 2 d floor.
C WEDIbH (;UtL~ WISH ES SITUATION TO
0 do light houseworic or chaniberwork. call or
address 5 Hodges pL, oil Valiejo st., between San-
some sod Montgomery.
DTtKSSMAKEIT" THAT MAKES A SPF?-
c:clsy of children's dresses and ladies' wrap-
pers, 1..-0 white sewing: will go out at $1 25 a dav-
reference given. Call or address 1507 Buchanan,
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VI small American family. Please apply at 400
I. olden Gate aye.
pOMPETENTdTRL WISHES TO DO GENER-
\J al housework in private famllv; city or coun-
try. Call or address 127 Valley st.
pOI-ORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
* . ' washing and ironine or housecleunnig, or will
take washing and ironing home or a few offices to
clean. Address \V., box 77, Call Office.
"UM.DERIiY WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
JCias lie.usekeej.er in small family. Call 139
Eleventh si.
I AD V WOULD LIKE POSIT. ON OF HOUBE-
j J J keeper or plain sewing. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
RE i> YOUNG LADY WISHES a POSI-'
XV tion as companion to elderly lady or Invalid
daughter in country or city; Spanish and English
spoken: best of references given and required. j
Call at 870 Adeline st., bet. 2 arid 4 P. M., Oakland.'
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
'* lor plain cooking and housework. Call 139%
Eleventh at., near Howard.
j ADY WITH LITTLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
SJ a: 'iii 10 do housework and care for widower's
family, or will cook: for workhands in country. Ap-
Pjy roam 12 first Boor, 124 Sixth St., 1 tty.
T^X PiißT BU >X ..:.■ ■:■ 1: DESIRES SITU A-
XJ on, city or country; holds United Stales In-
dustr.al Agency rtlflcate. Address Accountant,
bex US, Cell.
I/" X PEP. I RSCEii GLOVE SALESLADY
l~i wants position in city, Oakland or San Jose.
Address -. AT., box 117. call.
VjIDDLK-AGED LADY OF EXPERIENCE
Hi wouid like place as housekeeper or nurse. Call
O£ address 210 i-hoiwell -1.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY ok experience
would Use posi'ion as boosekeeper for gentle-
innn. orchainber-.vor;v m I '•■.; city or country
Address 19, 121 Montgomery »t. ■'
THE SAN FRAiS T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
SITUATIOSS WASTED-Contlnued.
"y ASTERN LADY (WIDOW) 2 CHILDREN",
XJ desires housekeeper's situation in widower's
family in the country, if near good schools: home
desired more than money. C. E. V.'., Piayter
bock, room 8, Oakland.
yOUNITwiUOff WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister St.,
room 1.
WEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
0 otlice, 11% Antonia si., opp. Jones, near Ellis.
I A DIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
J neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, 21.
YOUNG MARRIED LADY WISHES A POSI-
X tlon as chambermaid or housework by the d;iy;
can give reference. Address L. F., box 122, (.'all.
y (ir.Nu lady WANTS position AS
X housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home: very reasonable. Apply 706 Kills, r. 2.
TIT IN CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 to to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
lree bus to and from I he ferry.
SITUATIONS \VA .\ T\i3i» -nIA L,I'J.
PC. G.^6K\^scycTwpp^Tl;s'cooks7"\ix
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. ;tel.Grant46.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment olHce, 17 Webb St.. below
Xi ::ri;v. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
Q INGLE MAN. 43, EDUCATED AND RE-
-0 line 1. large business experience, desires em-
ployment of some kind, however humble; expert
acrountant, but will do anything from -driving
up; city or country; perfectly sober and reliable.
Address B. M. V., box 160, Call.
\y"AXTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, TO
'» care for horse and garden, who thoroughly
understands his business; can milk and make him-
self generally useful; best of references. Address
A. 8.. box 7b, this office.
YOUNG MAX WANTS SITUATION ON PRI-
-l vate place; can take care of horses; can milk,
drive, handy with tools: first-class reference;
speaks German and English. Address G. E., box
54, Call Office. i
pOACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE:
\J thoroughly understands the care at:d dr viiiß of
horses; good gardener and milker: handy with
tools: best of references. Address A. S., box 82,
Call Office.
TO NURSERYMEN AND ORCHAP.DISTS-
Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get employment; willing to start with low
wages. Address, in writing, M. P., box 21, Call.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN AS
kJ foreman on ranch, nursery, or as gardener on
a private place; 18 years' experience and good ref-
erence. Address S. \V., box 54, Call Office.
ELI ABLE YOUNG M AN.WELL ACQUAIXT-
-It ed with city retail grocery trade, wants position
as drummer: can give references and security if
required. G., 208 Mason st.
"VTEAT YOUNG MAN OF 18, WITH FAIR ED-
-i-> ucation, wants a position in an office, wholesale
house or store: not afraid to work. Address W. 8.,
box 77, Call Office.
ARTIST FROM THE EAST DESIRES POSI-
. lion to make comic designs in penwork. Ad-
dress E. 8., box 9, Call Office.
YOUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH 15 YEARS'
JL experience in furniture, carpets and all
branches of house-furnishing, wants position. D.,
care Hoiel Savoy.
V°UXG MAX LATELY ARRIVED FROM
1 Ireland desires situation as clerk in an office or
work in a store. Address D. KELLY. 22 Sharon st.
"YOUNG MAX, EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
A keeping, stenography and typewriting, desires a
position. Address J. I!., box 54, Call Office.
V FIRST-CLASS PIANIST— PLAYS POPU-
lar dance music; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 311 V2 Tenth st.
IXJ.SITION WANTED AS PORTER OR
. watchman or clerk in hardware-store; best ref-
erences. Room 87, 628 Montgomery st.
/ • ERMAX BOY, 17 YEA RS OLD, LIVES WITH I
" 1 l.is widowed mother, wishes any kind of work;
can wait at table. 435 Fourth st.
Vor.M. MAN WITH 3 YEARS' EXPERI-
-L ence on cakes wants situation. Address 121b
Shipley st.
WORK WANTED— STEADY, INDUSTRIOUS
' ' young man, 21 yearn, for board and lodging
until worth more. Address J. B. W., box 107,
1 all Olllce.
ANTED— STEADY POSITION BY FIKST-
•'» ciass barber. Call or address 809 Bryant.
A • O( ' Nt i M A WANTS A JOB AS CAKPE.V
1 ter to learn the trade: has had experience; un-
derstands thoroughly drawing all klnd-i of detail
work. Address H. MOOBBEES, 410 Capp st.
VOUXfI MARRIED MAN, VERY HANDY
.1 with tools, wants a position to make himself
generally useful; wages no object. 410 Capp St.
AT- OUNG MAN LIVING WITH HIS PAR-
X cuts desires a position in blacksmith or wagon-
making shop: two years' experience. Address
2217 Encinal aye., Alaineda. Cal.
WANTED-BY A GOOD STRONG BOY OF 17
» » place in factory or store, or run elevator. Call
or address 525 Ellis st.
CjQArV FURNISHED AS A GUARANTEE OF
\7')'"'' faithfulness to employer; want $15 per
week for services: have mechanical ability. Ad-
dress Faithful, box 122, Call Office.
p OOD COO K~WANTS SITUATION IN HOTEL,
vJT restaurant or boarding-house. Call or address
543 Mission st.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER WANTS A
\J situation; Oakland and San Rafael references;
is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address
L. c. box 127, Call Office.
SITUATION AS FIREMAN OR ENGINEER;
can do some steamfitting. R. BROWN, 526
Eighth st., Oakland.
JAPANESE YOUNG MAN AND WIFE
«i wish positions in family as first-class cook
and second worker; they are honest and good- |
natured. Address T. M., care Japanese store, 403
Geary st.
ARRIED MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
. watchman, night or day; good security given,
Call or address H. FRANKLIN, 514 Sanchez St.,
nr. Eighteenth.
ARRIED MAX WANTS POSITION AS
watchman or porter; Al reference. Address
E.. box 84, this office.
SWEDISH YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK AT
to housecleauing in hotel or private family;
handy at painting, calrimining. paper-hanging
and paper-cleaning; small wages: good reference.
Call or address 511 Pine st.
TEADY- RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WITH
ST EADY B XLi A BLE YOUNG MAN WITH
first-class references wants a situation as bar-
keeper.; city or country; thoroughly understands
the business. Address W. C, box 30. Call Office.
yOUN'J MARRIED MAN OF GOOD HABITS
1 wishes position In wholesale or retail house
with experience. Address 8., box co. Call Office.
WANTED— BY YOUNG MAN OF GOOD HAB-
• » its. boar.l and lodging in private family cen-
trally located: sta:e price. Y. M.. box 59, Call.
\\r ANTED — SITUATION AS GARDENER ;
'» can Ilk. drive, handy with tools; references.
Address J. L.. box 59, Call Office.
ST 1 ■". AI) V , RELIABLE YOUNG MAN OF 18,
with reference, writing good hand, desires
position. Address 628% Fulton.
ARDEXER — PERMANENT POSITION
wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years' experience in this State in caring for exten-
sive private places; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. G., box 122, this office.
Q^Ofi A MONTH — FIRST-CLASS BA R-
»H)OU tender must have work in .loon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24%
Garden St., city.
77 OV~, AGE 16, WANTS WORK IX OR
1> around store; good references. Address 37
Hitch st.
"VTURSE OR VALET TO IXVALtD GENTLE- I
J-\ man; lone experience: highest medical and |
private references; speaks French, German, Ens-
lish. Address Nurse, 315 Stockton st.
rxi'KKIKNCKI) COUPLE WISHES TO MAN-
XJ age restaurant ; man good cook, to take kitchen ;
wife dining-room. 703 Stockton st.
ECHANIC AND HANDY MAN IN GEN"-
erai wants work; city or country: small wages
expected. Address L. M., box 164, Call Office.
PRACTICAL MIXING MAN DEs-IRES POSI-
-1 tion as manager or foreman at a quartz mine:
nnderstandi bookkeeping, mining engineering and
assavii.-gnncl all underground work. Address J..
box 59, this office.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
\y a NTE d— < ; c iTNTATTcoolcrcou 5T R \ r ,T'ls ;
« » German second, same place, $20; 3 waitresses,
restaurants, $* a week and $20 a month; French
maid and seamstress, willing to go to Europe, 925; :
French and German nursery governess, $30; 2 I
maids and seams;resves, French and German, 925;
2 a rmu-i) cooks, 980; 2 French girls for house- !
work, ?20; young nursegirls, $10. LEON ANDRE, ■
315 Stockton st.
BENCH SECOND GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY,
$25; 20 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25: H yo in? girls assist, $10 and *16.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton St.
CIOOK ps~i GERMAN AND FRENCH
KJ nurser> governess, $30; country. MISSCUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton a:.
OOK. BERKELEY, S3O; LAUNDiVf.SS, $25;
Ktiongsecond girl, $25. Miss CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
HOUSEWORK GIRL. 2 IN FAMILY, $80 ;
Ban Rafael. CULLEN, 106 Stockton si.
itrOBKiNG HOUSEKEEPER, ti:,. .M 188
>> CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
VTt'RSE GIBL who BJPEAKS SPANISH, 1
■IN chila. $20. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
HOUSE GIRL. 2 IN FAMILY, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $35.
XX MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
p ERMAN BOARDING-HOUSE COOK, ALA-
V-T meda,s3o; cook, 2 ladies, $25: 5 housegirls,
$20; girls to assist, Sl5. MM.., LEOPOLD, 20
■Stockton st.
V y AN TED — PROTESTANT COOK FOR IN-
'» stl ii inn in city, $S0; 3 walti-sses, country
hotels, $20: 2 Protestant second girls, $-0 and
$25: German or French nurse, $20; 5 cooks in
German, and American families, $25 and $30;
cook for boarding-house, $25. and a great many
girls for cooking ond hous eivork in city and con li-
try. J. P. CROBETT A CO., 813 Sutler St.
WANTED— A NUMBER' OF (URLS DAILY
' » to fill good situations. MRS. HIRD, moved to
721 Ellis st.
ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO .LEARN
TTj how to cut regular tailor system; only reliable
system; no mole's, charts or squares used. coilN,
lidos' Tailor, 316 Sutler St.. city.
ITKT.P
HEAD WAITRESS AND ONE WAITRESS,
same country hotel: south, $25 and $20; 3 wait-
resses. Los Angeles, $20: 6 waitresses, Santa Bar-
bara. $20: waitress, Monterey, $15; waitress, Wil-
lows, $17 50; chambermaid, wait dinner, $20,
country hotel. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN COOK. $30:
0 cook and stairs girl, $25: housework girl
for Eureka, see party here, $25: Frer^n nursegirl,
Scandinavian housekeeper, and a umber of neat
housework girls. c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary s:.
pOOK FOR INSTITUTION, GOOD BAKER;
\J $85; country cook, country hotel. $40; assistant
cook, restaurant, city, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
V ELL] X ALEXANDER AND MR. AND MRS
-L' ORDWAY please call or send your addresses at
once. C. R. IIANsEN & CO., 110 Geary st,
\\r ANTED— PROTESTANT GIRL FOR GEN-
»» eral housework; wages, $20; take Halght-st.
car . Apply 715 Cole st.
IV" ANTED— FBENCH COOK; MUST do some
" housework, but no window-cleaning. Call at
2319 Van Ness aye.
G. 1 : I . WANTED: GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
VX Apply to-day, bet. 1 and 3, SW. cor. Twenty-
fifth and Dolores sis.
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
X work: small family; $8. 306 26th, nr. Florida.
■\TOUNO GIRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK;
X sleep home; $10. 418 Post st.
pOOD BUTTON I i OLE-M A X ON CUSTOM
VJ coats. 916 Howard st.
J~J\X PERIENCIiD NURSE FOR CHILD; KEF-
■J erences required. Call 1813 Lagunast.
Small Young GIRL, MIND BABY; good
0 home: wages $5. 234 Sanchez St.
FIRST-CLASS OPERATOR ON CUSTOM
< ■..!■.- ■- v.anted. 834 Howard St., flat A.
ANTED— TO WORK IN RESTAU-
* ' rant. 227 Geary st.
WASTED- GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
IT work; city references. Call to-day, 2815 Scott.
"V OGNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
X housework; wages $15. 144 Fulton st.
ANTS- FINISHER WANTED. APPLY SELIG
BROS., 108 Battery st. -
AN IMPROVER OnTwaISTS AND APPREN-
tice for dressmaking. 2006 Sutler st.
■yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK;
X $10. 35 Dorland at. No washing.
TBONERS WANTED. APPLY 386 EIGHTH
J. street.
\\f OM AN TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-'
'» work in small family, $12: call after 9 a. m.
2612 Larkin.
TT'XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE
T-i shirts. GREENEBAUM.WEIL&MICHELS,
531 Mission si. %
WANTED — RELIABLE WOMAN, LIVING
' 1 at home and having good references, to take
care of 2 small children in the afternoons and oc-
casionally in the evenings. Call bet. 4 and 6p. M.,
2140 Batter st.
\\. r ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
>» term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
1:00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
UKI.NGTiIE SALE LADI! S' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. N. Y. Suit House, 1310 Market St.
VfEAT GIRL WAN FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
±> work. 936 Filbert st.
WANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
*» housework; small family: must sleep home.
Call 2807 Harrison St.. near Twenty -fourth.
VOUSG GIRL ABOUT 14 TO ASSIST. AD-
X dress .MRS. T., box 8, this oflice.
\v AITRESSES FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
'" hall. Apply 35 Taylor St., room 1.
LAWBENI PATTERN HOUSE— DRE6B-
XJ cutting school. 1231 Market a:.. bet. Bth and 9lh.
HA II) i; xc }. 25c AND 3bo: MORNING
and ev'gclass>.'s;lO lesaons,sl fiO. 1248 Mission.
( iKESS-CUI'TING TAUGHT, U. 8. TAILOR
XJ system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
WIXCHESTKi: HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: {••«•« bus to and from the ferry.
T> UPILS WANTED: POSIT] GUARAN-
X teed; patterns 25c up- latest skirts 35c. McDOW-
ELL'B ; resamaklng Acanemy. 213 Powell st.
MALI. lIKM- \VA. TED.
SHOP BAKEB, H> 98 A WEEK: IRlsii
milker, $20: 3 farmers, $-0: tenmster. city,
$25; German cook. $15; 2 dishwashers, $15; 3
waiters, $25 and $30: porter, $20: 3 choreboys for
ranches. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
'"ANTED— FOR EM A X FOR FIRST-CLASS
»» ranch, see party here, $50 and found, ref-
erence necessary; neat young German butler, $30;
young German to attend doctor's office, wail at
table, etc., one who has been in the German cav-
alry as officer's servant preferred, $30 to $35 and
found, lirst-c!a6-> place; also farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwasher.*; waiter for res-
taurant in country, $25, fare advanced, and others.
W. D. EWER CO., 626 Clay st.
B~ROILER,FIRSTCLASS HOTEL, $60; COOK
-> aim baker, country hotel, $85 for two; cook
and wife, country restaurant, $50. C. R. HAN-
SEN A: CO., 110 Geary st.
TXT ANTED -COOK AND WIKE.COUNTRY HO-
»» tel, $50, una other- Apply to J. F. CROSKTT
.'•. CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— RELIABLE MAN TO ASSIST IN
plain cash business; 8 hours per day; experi-
ence not required: $75 per month: must have $150
cash. 87:; 1 2 Market St., room 1.
TXT ANTED— PARTNER IX GOOD PAYING
*' business: small capital; good investment: ad-
vertiser is a butcher and sausagemaker. 3351-2
Fourth.
\\r ANTED— A MAX TO RUN A BOARDING
'* stable; must have some cash. Address 1203 1
Market st., Oakland.
AN CAPABLE OF INTER VIEWING BUSl-
ness men. 423 Sprockels building.
pOvJD BUSUKLMAN WANTED AT
ijT RAPHAEL'S, 9 Kearny st.
Ho GO ERRANDS: BE ABLE TO DO LITTLE
sewin; and pressing. 521 Sacramento st.
T/URST-CLASS OPERATOR WANTED ON
X I custom coats. 834 Howard St., flat A.
LIVE MAN TO RUSTLE ADS ON WEEKLY
XJ paper; local. Address RUSTLER, box 21 Call.
SHOEMAKI.R FOR REPAIRING IN STORE;
mus have tools. 908% Howard st.
"I7URST- CLASS OPERATOR ON CLOAKS
X wanted. BOTWIN, room 34, History building.
SI I oI?M.\KER ON REPAIRING. 28 MARY
1 ' Bt., bel 7 and 8 a. m.
ANTED— WORKING PARTNER WITH
»' $50: inside work. X., box 131, this office.
BOOTBLACK. 128 1 a O'FARRELL ST., COR
Powell.
\\- A \ 1 ED— BOY TO MAKE HIMSELF USE-
' • 'v; at lunch counter, Oakland pier.
1-OK THE BEST AN D CLEANEST MEALTRY
131/3 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLACE in city FOR second-hand
X) shoos. 726 V 2 opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes 1 ought and exchanged.
4 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AT A SACRIFICE;
' must be sold by the 17th; owner leaving city.
Call 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
BARBEK-SHOP FOB SALE— 96S; 5 LIVING
rooms; rent $15. 106 Ellis st.
B" ABBE R-s 1 1 Fop FOR SALE— 4 CHAIRS;
bes'. stand In city. 19 Fourth st., near Market.
l/'IRST-CI-ASS DRY-GOODS SALESMAN FOR
JP a first-class house In this city. Call at once on
United Stales Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building.
p ENTLEMAN OF GOOD ADDRESS, WITH
VJT push and energy, to represent new corporation.
Address N. c, box 52, Call Office.
MEN AND BOYS— GOOD CHANCE TO
1»X make money fast and respectably. For par-
ticulars call or address 632 Market st., room 10.
Postoffice box 2299.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: S
courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
T O STRIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
-I secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dressing 8, a., box 83, Call Office.
MAX GIRL WA~NTS A PARTNER IN
respectable salomi in good country town 30
miles from San i-rancisco. with $175; to make
himself useful and look after the place. Call from
9 to 4 O'clock at 1121/2 Seventh si.
BABBE RS— HALF INTEREST IST GOOD PAY-
ing shop, cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st.
I> A UK HOP; COUNTRY; 25c SHAVING;
1 ' chance to make money. Call and see STOLTZ,
63') Market st.
j. A R i ; K 1 ; SHOP ON EAST ST.; CAN BE
I ' bought for $75; fair wages In it. Call at 630
Market st. and see STOLTZ. - '
OEAMEN'FOR"sydNEY~NKW YORK AND
O other ports. Apply 10 Sleuart St., upstairs.
\Y ANTED— AN A DVEKTISING SOLICITOR.
*» Mission Mail Office, 1035 Howard.
0 GOOD CANVASSERS FOR show CARDS
— wanted. 9 Unary st., room 2.
\\T A NTED-EXTRA WAITER. 210 SECOND
" street.
ALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
i perience not necessary; some money. 633
Howard st.
GOOD BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE. APPLY
j 301 Castrp St., cor. I'wenly-fourtb.
DARBER FIXTURES FOR SALE, WHOLE OR
i> .■(•.. 1f,56 Mission st.. near Thirteenth.
p OM PETEN r MAN TO BUY A MILK STORE
\J for $600 thai pays from $75 to 8100 a month
clear: only about $350 cash necessary. M. It.,
box 59. Call Office.
1 A A MEN T:> GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
LVU clean towel to each; bay rum free; hulrcnt
10c; first-class workmen. 14Vb Montgomery aye.
"yOUNN MAN WANTS WINDOW AND
X house cleanini in exchange for board, or jani-
tor's work or oilice-cleaning at low wages. Ad-
dress It. a., box 16. call office.
ci w \ men TO GET a STYLISH and DTR-
u\'\J sii.'r' shoo inn ••.• to order at $2 50; repairing
at half price. 959 llowurd s:.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
"VTEW WALDO HOU.SET76S~3IISsToNr~BET.
j-> Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
(TIHE RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
-I st., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
W"HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS, ATTENTION I-THE EMPLOY
ment oflice of the Earbers' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found until further notice witn P. C.
11AMANN, 2SBy3 O'Farrell st; don't be mislead
by other advertisements. J. KLITCII, President.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Berbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCIIS.
ANTED— MEN who do NOT RECEIVE
• » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KN OX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutler, r. 4.
ROSE DALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
1 1 ,f\ ME* TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
I ' 'V» and 20c a night, including coffee and roils.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
\y ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
»' steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S V2-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. -Palace Hotel.
T IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOW'ARD-
■i-i single ftrmshed rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
EARN A TRADE— SIGN OR PICTORIAL
painting taught for $5; great opportunity . D.
LEVY, 35 Eighth St., San Francisco.
i>ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
-1 i ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay. |
X\T ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
"» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
IP REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR Be;
X 1 also a bottl »of lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
MOZART, 319 ELLIS, ROOMS 25C TO 60C
night, $1 25 to $5 week: reading rooms.
L 1 REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X 1 tingle rooms 15c, 20c a night, $1 a week.
BEST IN CIT /—SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, SI 25, $1 60 per weeie.
Piicinc House .Commercial and LeidendorS sts.
A 1 ii\ MEN'S SKCOND-H AN DiilJS'iiTjhS.'sOME'
•JUI/ nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission st.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-I low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOB REPAIR-
"ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 mm- j
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price; work guar- ;
anteed. 562 Mission c:.. bet. First and Second.
S AGENTS WANTED;
lADY AOENTB TO HANDLE FINE LINE
■i ladies' articles; can make $25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
ANTED— 2 OB 3 FIRST-CLASS LADT SO-
'» licitors to soil a new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's apparel; never has be, 0 placed on the
market. For further information cull at 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal.; call from 1 to 6 P. M.
NEKGETIC AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
tine house coal. Address Coal, box 163, Call.
CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WASTED
g\ i RASK Y\ ' ' fubnitube and "be&
. ding; new foldine-beds, $9 up; step-ladders,
20c per step. 779 Mission st.
ABSOLUTELYIIIGfIEST PRICE PAID FOR
-r\_ second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundv
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.; call or send postal.
_i £^!^, 1 j. __ sV AJS TKP. „„„ „ ,
4 OR 5 ROOMS; LARGE BASf3TeN'F~CnD
yard. Address 1630 Eddy St., store.
SUNNY FRONT BOOM WITH STOVE AND
kJ good plain board for lady; central: state terms.
Address R., box 53, Call ORice.
WANTED— 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED CON-
'• necMng rooms, or otherwise, in home family;
sunny; with grate; man and wife; on car route;
permanent. Address X.. box 92. Cull office. -
XV >'TEI»- JIISCELLAJiEOCS
BICYCLE WAN I ED^SECOND HAND, 20 TO
22-inch frame; must be in good condition; sub-
ject to inspec:ion by expert; cash. Write descrip-
tion, particulars and price to W. D., box 81, Call
Office.
WANTED TO RENT— POULTRY ranch: 5
" to 10 acres. Address A. 8., box 54, Call Oflice.
"fir AN TED— YOUK WATCH, IF IT NX. EDS
'» repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DECS B, watchmaker, 120 Kearny at., third floor.
Q ELL YOUR 800 CLOTHING ' AND JEW "
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postaL
LOST.
lOST— LABGE WHITFrc^TT^VITTrcOLLXR^
J Return GATES' Pharmacy, cor. Stockton and
O'Farreil sts. ; liberal reward.
OST— LARGE BRINDLE GREYHOUND.
Return 1027 York st., receive reward.
pERTIFiCATK OF DEPOSIT IN NAME OF
\J MICHA L CURRY on Nevada Bank. Finder
please return to bank.
OST— SMALL HUNTING CASE LADY'S
gold watch, going from McAllister to Pine, on
Fillmore-st. car; picture of gentleman on face.
Return 1240 McAllister; reward.
T OST - SATURDAY A. M., PURSE CON-
JJ taint money. Return 11 Elgin Park; re-
ward.
ONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
■i^l papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st.
JIIiDICAL.
ALL FEMALE Tr REG t r LAR~[ re
-cV. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult fr«°
MRS. DR. WKYTII, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity In one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best- skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
A BLESS TO LADIES • — INSTANT RE
A lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause} by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
I method, superior to others; ladies will save time
j and money, be assured of honest treatment by
! consulting the doctors before calling on othira:
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
LAIUES -CIiICIIESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
i eaf«\ reliable; take no other: send 4c, stamps, for
! particulars. "Relief tor Ladies," in letter by return
; mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa.
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE. INSTKU-
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter irom what cause; restores always 111 one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sore call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
"PRIVATE HOSPITAL, 937 MISSION ST.;
X patients receive best of care; terms moderate.
] A DIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
i ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,'
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. solo agents.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREKT, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
"\ SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS--
eases, from whatever causa; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GW VER. '-J26 Turl; st.
iTPRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe arid efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDSACO., druggists, 4i;6 lay su.sole ag'ta.
A HUME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
XV MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416Ei c hth St.. Alameda.
RS. DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
■i \ ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure: $£ 60 express C. 0. I).; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see Mrs. Dr. P'letg and be content. "54 V 4th.
\<st;ssMKNT NOTICE.
I FOURTH IXSTALLMI-.N T. ASBEBBM^ENTNO^
tice— The san Francisco and s.n Joaquin Val-
ley Railway Company. Location of principal plait
of business. City and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of the
, Hoard of Directors, held on the 26th day of Novem-
ber, 1895, an assessment of ten dollars ($10) per
share was levied upon the capital stock of the cor-
roration, payable Immediately to th Bank of Cali-
fornia, treasurer of said corporation, at the office of
said treasurer, northwest corner of Sanaome and
Calif, rnla streets, In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California..
Any stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid 011 the tenth (10th) day of January,
1896, w 11 be delinquent and advertised for sale M
publicauction; and unless payment is made before,
will be sold on the twenty-sixth (26th) day of Jan-
uary, 1896, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses of
sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. secretary.
321 Market street. City and County of Sun Fran-
cisco. state of California ■ .
11UI. DING AND; LOAN ASSOCIATION.
pONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS
\J sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S. F.
General savings <fc loan business. Ed K. Hill, Pres.;
Ulivei Kldridge V.Pr.; W Corbin.Hec.fcGeu.Maa
FINANCIAL. ■
ANT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate: call and statoyour proposition or write; open
evenings. J. N'UONAN. 1021 Mission si.
BUSINESS CHANCFS
fTIO SELL A BUSINESS OF AJTY KIND QUICK
1 for cash see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
(JT.O-A BUTCHERS, ATTENTION! FINE
«jp_/«JV/. shop. 2 horses, 2 wagons; cuts up 2*4
to 3 cattle per week; cash custom. STRAND A
CO., 45 Third st.
"afcQi^n PARTNER wanted in commis-
fipOOyf. sion business; clears $300 per month.
STRAND, 45 Third st.
ft J. 7 RESTAURANT, Al LOCATION;
'git I O. pays well; must sell on account of de-
parture; great bargain. STRAND, 45 Third st,
<''"\n SALOON MEN ATTENTION; OLD
iSOJu. established saloon; pays well; actu-
ally worth $600. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
v 2« 17 w BRANCH BAKERY, 3 ROOMS;
tJP-L I O. good trade; baigaln. STRAND, 45 3d.
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR: BARGAIN
\J if sold this week. STRAND. 45 Third st.
(2j9nn SALOON: FULL value stock";
«uT — »'v/. fixtures given away; block off Market:
account death. STENBERG & TREIIER, 632
Market st.
B" AKKRY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
location; finest fitted-up place in city;- has very
iaree counter and outside, trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied : owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBEBG & TREIBER, 632 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel.
(fljX^A PARTNER RESTAURANT AND
wOO\J. chophouse near transfer point; bigday
and nicht trade; guarantee clear $75 monthly:
full investigation; trial before buying. STEN
1 ERG TREIBKR, 632 Market st.
C* V* AA RESTAURANT NEWLY FITTED
YD -""• up: rent and water taken out in boar.i;
no or Sunday work: receipts $10 daily: big
bargain. BERG TREIBER, 632 Market st.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
• » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIDY A CO., 13y 3 " Sixth st.
OLD ESTABLISHED LODGING-HOUSE, IN
connection with fine saloon; doing good busi-
nesß; fine location. REIDY' A CO., 13Va Sixth st.
FOR BUTCHER-SHOP AND SLAI'GH-
t-r-house In flourishing country town, 40 miles
from city; doing large business; icehouse, horses,
wagons, etc. REIDY A CO., 13^ Sixth st.
FOR SALE— FINE RESTAURANT AND
dining-room doing good business; fine fixtures;
excellent location. J. REIDY A CO., 13Vj Sixth.
9900 ONE OF THE finest saloons
tlp«j_,W/. on Market st. paying over all ex-
penses $350 monthly. JOHNSTON A CO., 26V-
Kearny it.
GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRl-
<jP'ttuU. flee. JOHNSTON, 26y Kearny st.
GJQA/1 RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
njPUWW. dairy business; old established; good
trade; profits $125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 26y 3 Kearny st.
Qflfl GREAT SALOON CHANCE: SURE-
«iP»JUV/. ly worth twice the amount asked; liv-
ing-rooms connected: is upon one of our principal
streets. Apply KENNY A McLEAN, 777 Market
100 PARTNER WANTED IN FlRST-
tjn^tUl/. class cash business: owner will guaran-
tee as paying clear $ 200 ncr month: trial allowed
before buying. Apply KENNY A McLEAN', 777
Market St., room 7.
T~l(jO BAKERY FOR SALE: DOING A
»iP J. I. ' ' VF . traaeoi at least 7 barrels per .lay;
long lease of premises: owner retiring from busi-
ness, and will guarantee the business; more than
value. Apply KENNY' A McLEAN, 777 Market.
COFFEE SALOON AND KESTAU-
♦ ■p~rvn/. Nt; vicinity Market and Sixth sts.;
finely fitted; big bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF.
865y 2 Market St.
("IANDY-STORE: NO. 1 LOCATION; FINELY
\J fitted: doing good business; best reason for sell-
ing. BAR UK IT A IFF. 8051.0 Market St.
<£J 00 GROCERY AND BAR. BEST POSSl-
«ipttVv/. siUe location; 3 living rooms; death
cause sal?. BARRETT A SKIFF, 865y a Market.
Qj I 9 X CANDY-STORE; FURNISH ;
<lpl_,tJ. cheap. BARRETT A CO., 865 i/ 2 Mkt!
©Pi^n FIRST-CLASS HOME BAKERY. i
«U? tJijyj. with all-counter trade of $16 to $20 per
day; No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished ; trial
given. BARRETT A SKIFF, 865y 3 Market at.
0 iiu\ PARTNER WANTED, IN LIGHT
rjpttvu. business, that will pay you $25 weekly.
<3»'-300 BAKERY AND NOTION STORE,
Z£UVJU. clears $15 wkly: present owner 3 years.
<Stl C A BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY YOU
£> J. O\J. $10 to $12 weekly, for lady or gent.
STANLY, 9 Geary, room 2.
(ii A 0 0 $400
Sr-ivU $400
Restaurant, clearing $100 per mouth.
Apply to DECKER. 120-3 Market street.
BRANCH BAKERY IN BUTCHERTOWN; A
-1J bargain: 4 living rooms: rent $8. Cor. N st.
and Railroad aye.; 1 hird-st. cars pass door.
V-A N T X D— A GOOD MAN WITH $100 CASH
»» to travel for an Eastern liquorhouse. Address
L. W., box 79, Call Office.
■POR SALE— REASONABLE: RARE CHANCE
X for a good mechanic, with some business abil-
ity, to engage in a. fine machine-shop, already es-
tablished and in running order, in Oakland; low
rent for shop and dwelling; part cash, part trade.
Apply to J. 8., 512 California, rm. 14, 12 to 3 p. m.
WANTED-TO INVEST $400 OR $500 IN A
»» corner grocery and bar. with living-rooms at-
tached. Address R. J. D., box 122, Call.
TO BE BOLD THIS WEEK AT A BARGAIN—
Fine restaurant, with latest improvements;
worth $500; centrally situated; near Market st.;
owner going back East. Apply Call Office.
H~ARD WARE-STORE, NEW AND SEC">NJ>
hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call Imme-
diately; a bargain. 546 Mission st.
"13 ARTY WHO HAS a GOOD BUSINESS
X wishes the loan of $800 to enlarge the business,
or a pan with $6000. Address Partner, box 44
this office.
MA LE CAFE AND DELICACY STOKE
J- for sale cheap. 1125 Valencia st., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
WANTED - FKUIT.STORE OR BRANCH
»» bakery: terms easy and reasonable. Address
A. R., box 8, this ofilce.
/ I IGAR-STORE FOR SALE; GOOD LOCA-
V Hon. at ii bargain. 1056 Market st.
WANTED— TO BUY A GOOD BRANCH BAK-
'» cry, or would onen one in a good locality.
Address W. i. U.. 817 Mission st.
".' LD-KSTsABLISHED SALOON: DOING GOOD,
\J profitable business. Call after 12 m., 406 Du-
pont st.
PHYSICIAN WANTED — SPLENDID CITY
X opportunity; pays $400 a month. Address Phy-
sician, box 122. Call.
KBT BARGAIN IN CITY; OLD-ESTAB-
lished grocery, bakery, candy and notion store,
with rooms: good cash trade; low rent. Inquire at
Call Office.
SALE— BAKERY; COMPLETE; GOOD
I- stand: long lease; low rent; best of reasons
for selling. Inquire room 43, 120 Sutter st., or
premises, 3026 sixteenth st.
A N ESTABLISHED LADY HAIR-DRESSER,
A in most desirable location, will accommodate
a lady with cosmetics, a manicure or chiropodist
with use of parlors: very reasonable terms to de-
sirable party. Address H. D., box 122. Call Orhce.
TNTEREST IN ESTABLISHED MANUFAC-
X turing business; staple article; \ good trade:
large prolits; full investigation desired; no agents;
$800 required. Address 15., box 3. Call.
©I'OO RESTAURANT - ALL NEW FlX-
tjpuUU. tures, at a sacrifice: account sickness;
part cash. R., box 104, Call Office.
WANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMAN PABT- !
»» ncr as cashier in good restaurant. Address '
MBS. 1... box 54, Call Office. _^
OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD Busi-
ness and location; bargain to right party. Ap-
ply Cell Office.
1,-iOR SALE— GOOD-PAYING HOME BAKERY,
X I confectionery, icecream and candy parlor;
cheap rent; 5 living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
jb ESTAUBANT— si .-. CHEAP: DIS-
XV agreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
I IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. 213 THIRD ST
r-on sale or EXCHANGE-FIRST-CLASS
X 1 corner saloon; best location in city: established
over 30 years; fine fixtures and large stock-
would like to exchange lor ranch or city property.
Address H. F.. box 61. Call Office. - ..*
ROOERY A D BAR FOR SALE.— INQUIRE
1783 Mission, corner Fourteenth.
A TTENTION LIQUORMKN.
-*»- French liquor-store, corner. In Western Addi-
tion; established years; must be sold in 3 days*
sickness; fix u res, etc., $500: stock at cost. Par-
ticulars 633 California st., Phipnlx Bar. WILKE.
B'UTCH EB-SHOP: DOING GOOD BUSINESS-
X> must be sold. 507 Ellis st. 3SI
OJJ99X BRANCH BAKERY, candy, stT-
■'- • i%J ' tionerj' store: 4 living-rooms; rent $18-
-no agents. 341 y 2 Fifth st. ™"'^ 6>
Ri>taurant~to"i7et, WITH COMPLETE
outfit; best location in the city; must be e£
periencod man. Address S., box 2, Call Office.
M~ AN WITH $300 TO $600— IN A FIRST\
BX class business; i roHts from *25 to $50 ncr
week. Address M-, box 18, this office. p
QLD ESTABLISHED COFFEK SALOON AND
restaurant for sale. Apply 228 Montgomery a"
C»9')^ BRANCH BmCeky and CHOICE
T. , °V proC - rics: living rooms partly fnr^
nlshed; a bargain. Call at store. 921 1. Howard st.
\(Y(\ R A HK CHA N i I- FOR A YOUNG
V ,' man peddling route with general mer-
chandise, etc., in a thriving country town near "In
Francijco; established five years; can be lar^v
lh?s r office ° Wn " lDValid " Ad^ess T., box g 88,
S lnw'r-nr F^7^~^ AT BARGAIN;
kJ low rent. 734 Fourth st.
pA Rt NKlT~\v ANTED IN ESTABLISHED
I- horseshoeing business with small capital. Ad-
dress Horseshoer. box 79, this office.
I \ lt t ' I ; S T i - R K FOR A SONG-PAYING BUSI-
-L' ties, in good locality: fixtures complete and
rent low: but small ca.ital necessary; we must
sell. Address M. N., care of Call Office, Oakland.
, "L-KUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; GOOD
x horse and wagon: family and transient trade-
cheap rent. 704 a Market st., cor. Gough.
V j IST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY I— a KX-
t  P' es Pons: stand cor. Sansome and Sutter.
J. O. b J.EDERICKS. owner.
W'ANTED-PARTXi'IR WITH SOME CAP-
a' ' " 1 . Inly or cent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. RuSs, p. Q. box 1032, San Jose, Cal.
SALOON FORfSALE; TRANSFER CORNER.
tJ Inquire 791 Mission st.
FFSINKSS CHANCES-Continued.
. TnT ,,,P HAVING SEVERAL BUYERS
J\ D ™\%£?
desiring to sell apply toJ__AL> A t 0., 1A __5_
month: trial given. P HEALY, 23 lvearny st. ,
(S'Onn PARTNER IN CONTRA I
$800. business, to attend office and collecting.
HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
CTOQA/I CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING
.lb_foU(). a business of *30 per day, clearing
$250 month : you can have month trial ; huest or
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearnyst.
(CjOAA STOCK COMPLETE OF 21-ACRE
JjSOUU. poultry ranch near I-rultvale; long
lease; low rent. 34 Donohoe building.
T.MRS 1-CL VSS SALOON FOR SALE; MCA-
-C tion; trade; lease. Particulars aduress *. V*
box 119, Call Office. .
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
menI of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. P.. box 43, this office.
fit on Art ROUTE FOB SALE; EVENING
OOUUU. paper: pays $150 per month. Apply
this office.
LODCiT"V«,HOI!SJ£S FOR SALE. 8
\TOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE;
IN from &150t055000. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
C>OXA $250
•iT_,OU. $250
$260 CASH: BALANCE...
easy payments: 19-room house; price $850
18 rooms; best corner in city '£*«
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3 ' S '^l
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell JOCJ
32 rooms to exchange for real estate 1J o) O
10- room house: very central 250
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
H. C. DECKER, 1306 Market St., cor. Taylor.
_>£KA NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE 12
«Jpl)t)U. rooms on -Market street: all rented and
paying well. Business Exchange. 873Va Market.
£»rt ROOMS WELL FURNISHED, EAR
UU Sixth and Market, clearing over $100 a
month. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
'J' KOOM LODUING-HOUSE, DOING GOOD
DO business, for city real estate: would assume
mortga.e; or sell cheap on account of affliction.
865% Mark, st., room 9.
O/m I A STJTTER — NICE SUNNY BAY-WIN-
iUli dow flat; garden ana back yard; modern;
$10. _
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; ALL RENTED; NEW-
Iy furnished: bargain. H., box 77, Call.
ODGING-HOUSE, WITH FRUITSTORE:
cheap: easy terms. 3129 Sixteenth st.
FURNITURE FOB SACK.
Qni 9 MISSION ST. — FOR SALE VERY
OUl_ cheap, furniture of four rooms, complete
for housekeeping, including fine water-back range
and wardrobb.
CIARPETB, FOLDING-BED, LOUNGE, EX-
\J tension-table, icechest. 323 Scott St.. cor. Oak.
"DEDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, NEW AND
XV second-hand: 400 carpet.* good as new: oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $0; cash or installments; goods shippei
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
OR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AH-
tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st. ■ '-
4 ROOMS. OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE SBO
Elegant Brussels carpet laid 45c
Heavy Linoleum laid 40a
Floor Oilcloth 20c
New Bedlounses, our own make $5 50
SHIKKK A- SHI UK K. 0-12 Stockton. nr.ValJo.
CARPET CLEANING.
JE.MrnHKi.M Aiiri/i < 1ka.mngc0.,246
• 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
/CARPETS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J renovated same as new. S. FERGUSON _
CO.. 23 Tenth st. Telephone number, south 36.
CITY STEAM CARPI TCLEANING.BENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. south 250.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
RATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
JLN vatlng Works HAMPTON ABAILLY: layia?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission -J44.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» i poor work send to SPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
iet Beating Works. 853-7 Teaama: tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. Si i
\J Golden Gate kvc : lelephona east 126.
HORSES.
FINE STYLISH SADDTFr"fIORSE7~T7IoTr
oughly trained. H., box 9, Call Office, Oakland.
HORSES PASTURED; *2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Ur<\9
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XO\J ness: also wagons, buggies aud horses:
contracting outfit; sand wagons and scrapers. 112S
Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUK-
geon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
j hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
| A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON
jiv/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horit*
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every We"ie»-
cay. SULLIVAN it DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALZ,
-l"v/ kinds; second-hand wagons, bnggy, carts;
•lso £0 rhenn .'lorses. Vifteentli and Valencia «s.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. KTC.
PIANOS— ~
X Haselton, Hem me and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 735 Market st.
C~HICKERING,KNABE,STECK,VOSE,STEB-
VJ ling pianos; see our new piano forslB7; pianos
for rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ it SON. 16 O'Farrell.
G1 RKAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
T hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
N ELEGANT CHICKERING PIANO W-ILL
be sacrificed at once by party removing from
the city: must be sold at once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
VI AGNIFICENT ST I N \V Ivy PIANO OF-
i'A fered for sale by private party who must real-
ize cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
AN UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR-
XV able and only slightly used, worth $300. will
sell for about half that. Kooin 21, 809 Market st.
p BEAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
vT Piano House, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»" rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
organs sold for cash or installments.
"VTICE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75"
IN Rm. 10, 809 Market_st. * '
\ { AGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
___ sell; nearly new. 313 Devis;ulero st.
As OUB NEW CONTRACT plan
for selling pianos has met with trreat success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage or ft; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO
corner Kearny and Batter sts. "*
C! 1 7 CASH OR INs i a I.i MIN is; WEBER
i$)X Iv. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
Stew YORK MAKE UPRIGHT GRAND $165;
-> Weber BRUENN'S. 228 Post st.
T> V ED— F. W." SPENCER A CO. TO 333
-lv Post St., near Powell, sole agents Conovtr
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
T\KCKER BROS., STEIN WA Y.FISCHER AND
■is other flrst-clas3 makes of pianos: little used;
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. KOHLEB &
E A CHA™ RJIS::UJW IBICES. KOHLER &
V I J*g£\A~Ki>^ r ORiiAL.IZ OR RENT CHEAP."
X S(.HMIT/,16 McAillsterst.,nxtHtberniaßanlc
T3YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,"
■*■' iSewby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITH E RS. OLD A NEW
H. MU LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
C' . l-^WAY, $215: WEBt.lt, $265; SOMKR,
nl!« ; Wll >'. *l'-5; squares, $35 and $55.
HEI SK, 410 Post st.
A RRIVKD— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-«■ y grade 1". L. Neumann pianos for the holidays;
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Mnthst.
£r AINES BROS.' piano — a superb IN-
*. strument, surpassing any piano that we hay«
hitherto bandied: we invite a critical inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post St.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. — —
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
hi San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Mnrket st.. Spreclcels building.
SKIVINO MACHINES.
ALL KINDS' BOUGHtTsOLD, EXCHANGED"
rented, repaired: lowest rates. -'05 Fourth st.
ENTED $1 60 MONTHLY ; SECON I >- H I x
machines from $3 upward: Domestic, New
Home, White, singer at half-price. 145 Sixth st.
FOB SAlili— 3llS C;-,L LA N hO,S.
100 f\C\(\ sK( lV " hand f.;:kk FOR
J-\J\J.\J\J\J S ale: second-hand lumber of all
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk st., Fit.
teenth and Dolores. . - : -
IV J-.W '95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
-i bicycle, $40. 8., box 79, Call. .
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First St., near Mis-
sion.
AROUTFITS. MIRRORS.CASH REG ISTERS,
scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
ON ARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES jfOR
salaorgivcn away. X AIIN A CO., 220 Cal. st,
BELLOWS, ANVIL, Vis;:. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard .st.
LURK AND BURGLAR s A Fr ~ LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st.
I'M VCI.oPKDIA HIT AN NIC A, $25. KING'S
Xli old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
O~ NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER than SECOND
IN hand. W. S. RAY Mfg O», 12 California %Z
C" l p U NT E ii s7 SHELVING. Ih ( w c as hii
-'bouctit and sold U2l%Mark« DeU7ihandB»tjor«r.* to list.
\TODEKN iIOCSE OF 11 ROOMS, BESIDES
"i kitchen, lauiidry. wine-cellar, storerooms; etc.;
garden from and i. .- ■. inn »'i day; location shel-
tered; superb marine vW; ly minutes' walk to
i enter ol city: convenient to cars: don't fail to in-
spect Ills house beioro making selection: rent
reasonable. P. J. KENNEDY. 11 Montgomery St.
Q-ROCM HOVTstS: ; NEWEST* pi BIXG;
Otieardtv Hiu: rent fS'J 60: also large sunny
corner flat ;*rent *ao. P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
X i(J HOWARD ST.-I.ODG ING-HOUSE OR
" I d hotol. Si rcoms, $60; st(>r>->. f2< 60.
OOXtFELL— 91TOOMS; f2_TAvTTH STABLE
- -Ot) attached in :»ar, $j.
CUN Y111OV8& OF ;- ROOM*: MODEKN ; - v "
O provem.-n:-;. THO Cappsfc; also house 5 rooms,
buth and stubh-; 107 Gfj-m-nia st., nearjFUlmore.
QTOKEfAKD 11 R' )OM S A : D I tOTJSEi OF 6
5 rooms at 26 Natoma st. Apply BALDWIN iV
11 AMMO N D.
HOVE-
meau; opp. Garfiel a aq-TApply. 121.6 Treat ay,
Hi
JTI 516 Howard s:. Apply P. C. MOLLOY. 138
Montgomery.
<_» - 8 ■ KOdMS: . REAR. 72 JUNIPER, OFF
C" i . FolsomJ lx t. Tenth and Eleventh.
<flf O n»«E_»UCKI » FROM S4O: NICE MODERN
hos_e of 8 l-ooras. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HA AND
yard: 147 Valencia St.: rent $16. Apply 2838
Misslou.
QAVED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
kj by recting a house from BALDWIN <j_ HAM
?..'(iNi> It» Montgomery s : .
- [SUED HOUSES.
TiomKTKLY" AND ELEGANTLY FUR-
\J nished 8-room house. Particulars of WILL E.
FISHER & ru.. 14 i'ost st.
T? LEG ANTL V ' Ii JRNIKHED ; 6 ROOMS;
Jj -doits; responsible;" choice location: sunny,
modern. 1 ,■■■-. M. r'<.-: St.
COTTAGES TO let.
C?9A NEAT ' " rAGE; 5 HOOMS;»BATH;
•_ — ' '. sunny yard. 2425 Post St.
<■)•;/) C 1: NTB A L A VE.— COTTAGETTiIOOMS;
_-_.V bath; key at 2917 Bush st.
C- BATH. FURNISH-
\J ed or unfurnished, cheap. 2521 Mc'Ailister st.
Ctl N"N y< COTTAO ES IO F| \M> 1 5 1 ROOMS,
O bain, baseroeut and yard. 534 Isth,ur. Dolores.
UN nYTottaTTfTlTkooms; bath, Fl OW-
i-^ .t garden : cation 1 up: $^0. 74*2 C'app st. _
FLATS TO [JET.
X-, \ r new 1
J\ M:. . ■->:-. Haigrhtand Scott sts.: 6 nnd 7 moflurn
sunny rooms: keys 202 Scott -'.: «o see them.
CENTER .fc SPADER, 30 Montgomery st.
I,^LEGANI'~NE\V CoHnITh FLa"t7B~ROOMS
-J and every imaginable convenience; worth
while seeing:. 1259 Pine St.
TN.NY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH.
■ 1818 Bush £U
VEIV, SUNNY, 4-ROOM FLAT; MODERN
-i A improvements. 6 Tremont me., near Waller
St., Golden Gate Park.
QUXNY~ul > r 7 _II~BAY-WINDO\\*; 7 ROOMS;
kJ hath; modern improvements; very convenient.
5 Monroe st-, OH Bush (north), bet. Powell and
Stockton. _
V"E. CORNER OF LAGU.VA AND ;.ts-9
— \ rooms; bath; modern improvements; rent $50;
water included. ..
1 BURNISHED FLAT: 7 BOOMS: BATH. 1312
Lark St., near California; call 11 to 1.
9f«i 1 SUTTER— MOrTERN BAY - WINDOW
— U 1T" sunny fJst: yard front and rear: $16.;
1/LAT- 6 nOOMS~;RATll; YARD; BASEMENT.
. 527 Uai;lit_bt ; _
VKWVPPK X Fj-AT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH
-i. \ stationary tabs, yard and cellar; stable If de-
sirable: rent reduced. 17 Sharon St., bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, sunehezand Church.
>. 1 9 I'LAT 4 ROOMS, HALL AND YARD.
»_ I _. 444 1 pntina st., near Sixth.
Taa" OAK— NEW FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS,
1 '.'" ' I buth and basement.
HOI KOWAKD-FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND
• '— 1 bath.-
')A7-I'O9 ~W •EBSTER— SL'NNY FLATS OF 6
-Ul end 7 rooms; newly renovated; rent reas-
onatle.
i-ROOM UPPER FLAT, 1622 FELL ST..
t-t near Lot:; new; modern • bath. etc. V FLATS;
9 UPPER; BAY-WINDOW SUNNY FLATS;
-J newly. papered ;T s and 7 rooms; 318 .Shoiwell
ft. lofi Church st.
Q() 2 SUNNY FLA 3 ROOMS EACH. 37
O . Dore st., oft' Harrison, near Ninth.
j"T p"FeK~FLAT ; 27 SHOT WELL ST7;~6"llOOMS
»-■ ha'.;d<ome;y papered; bath; basemtnt: quiet
home ior o;d people; *23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
rLAT.6 SL'NNY ROOMS. $20; COTTAGE, 6
-T rooms, ?15. Key 170« Hyde st.
LMNlJsl'NNYlJpi'Ert* LAT; 7 ROOMS. BATH
T and improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
X I M.ATOF<TsI"NNY ROOMS. YARD. §14: ALSO
-L sunty cott.ice, i rooms, yard, ....... $11. Sec-
oii i st.. litar 7 own send.
I.LAT- U-ppTniTLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
-I and hath: 5262 Kichtecnth st- : rent $13: new
buildcg. BALDWIN <s HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
QUNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN : ALSO
O on-» 4 rooms, bath: ?13 and $16. 1706 Pos. St.
CI x F"LAI OF 6 LARGE SUNNY rooms
•. !•'. and bath; water tree. 814 Nineteenth
Et , bet. Noe and Sanchez.
Cjji F FLAT 0F. 5 LARGE* SUN SY ROOMS
'_!••■• and bath: water free. 25 Ford St., bet.
Seventeenth und Ei^liteenth; No? and Sanchez.
EPS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
iow I'.ryapt, 5 and ■> rooms, bath: |8 to *16.
V I-: W SUNN V UPPER FLAT; CASTRO
-.> cable; 6 room*, bath; 915, was Sf22; see photo-
graph. S. D. hOVEY. 508 California st.
AVED-DOLLAKS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a oat from BALDWIN & ham-
MONT) 10 Montgorrerv at.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOKS.
Ellis Street.
"I 9A ELLIS - 2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
I—'' also sniies and single: gas; running water.
rao elT.Ts^sun"nY""front room, FUR-
O\J{J Dished complete for housekeeping, $10.
1 irth Street.
99-] FIFTH-nOUSKKEEPING: ALSO DOU-
—— X ble and single rooms.
19QI FIFTH— SXJNN V FRONT ROOMS AND
|3.__<Ja kitchenfurnisiiel for housekeeping; cheap.
'-"otsoin Street.
974 FOLSOM, NR.SIXTBC-2 HOUSEKEEP-
O %rt ing rooms; cheap.
Fourth street.
OA7 FOURTH - 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
O V I front rooms for housekeeping: rent $10.;
Geary sStu-et.
Q(\Q GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
\J\J(j suite; complete for housekeeping.
1(i I 7 GEARY - PARLOR; bTTd ROOM,
L'j 1 1 dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
_ beds; all necessaries; $24.
iioMartt Street.
QftQA HOWARD - NICELY FURNISnED
*J\J'J sunny housekeeping rooms complete: bath-
reasonable. '
Hyde Street.
OAQHTDE ST.-SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
WO rooms, suite or single : price Ii rate.
McAllister Street.
Off. MCA LUSTER — SUNNY' FURNISHED
*- >: * v/ rooms; with or boot housekeeping.
(V\ 0* SUNNY, FUIV
'"• nistit-d room, witli every convenience for
housekeeping; cheap.
-Jinna street.
r i I( t lrac * fA - FURNISHED BOOHS FOR
0 JU housekeeping; larse yard.
?J!s.*..e»ii street.
G9"l MISSION ST.-<;OMPLETELY *FUR-
V ■ * nished gunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
clu^iv. bat!, and porch. •
Tflfi^'Mis sTo~n"lTl}ealJtifu_. front
J7 *^ double pr-rlors; newly furnished ; house-
TV()9 MI - SION . CORNER EIGHTfr-LAIlG_i
j _ .. suncy furnished l-ooms; light housekeen-
ini;; cheap. •
1094 MISSION— FnRNIBH_,D OOMS FOR
/ "— ~ housitcepins; not connecting; suitable
for 2; chei-.p.
.Ninth .Street.
147 XINTH -FURNISIIED OR UNFUR-
kp^j' ■ nisbefl sunny bay-window rooms for house-
-404 F 1 ' X ' rli -TUREE NICE HOUSEKEEP-
— — ~il_Ll_' < ____. ; '"''mished or nafarnished; cheap.
Perry Street.
<&1 9 4 FINE ALL-LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS-
W_._». aiso 3 nice sunny rooms, new rear hoTige,
'" a l; large yard. 263 Perry st.
I'ost Street.
QOO POST - a FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
' "-"- tag rooms; $10; suite: lißht housekeeping.
• owell street.
A()C) '"OWELL-3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
hocseke.-))iu ; lady's board taken for rent,
.-ixth Street. .
I9A SIXTH— 2 OR~3~r.OOMS FURNISHED
j-^v^co^iiliW-teJor^housckeepins;.
919J sixth-^latTgelujlvn v furnished
—'*-*** front n-om; pate; bath; $12.
•Stockton Streot.
1 70S •* !TOC , KTOX - ::^^0<«IS. FURNISHED
j. 1 \jtt complete for housekeeping; rent ?10.
I S*/0 STOCK TONI.2"oir"3 • .• . SUNNY
aw— _■ rooms complete for housekeeping: caeap. !
HOCSKKEEPIKO ROOMS — Continued.
Taylor Street.
] IQ TAYLOR— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY AND
I— v completely fur ished; ell rooms sunny;
either single or en suite; prices reasonable.
Twelfth Street.
1 JETWEL&iTH— NI< j:i V FURNISHED
I It,) housekeeping rooms; also single.
Van IS ess Avenue.
1 d(\i\ VAN XEBR AYE.-ELEGANTLY FUR-
X*_LV/U pished parlor, piano; use of kitchen.
"Washington Street.
r,A9 WASHINGTON-SUNNY UNFURNISH-
»"- ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
West Mission Street.
rTQ WEST MISSION- 3 OR 3 ROOMS FUR-
I t' nished for housekeeping: rent low.
ROOMS TO LEI.
IJ.lily Street.
1 1 Q SUNNY ROOMS, NEWLY FUR-
-1 LO nished, $3 up; also few light housekeeping.
r,QA EDDY— LARGE FURNISHED BOOM;
t»»)vj running water; grate: large closet; $9.
ft! O EDDY— LARGI NICELY FURNISHED
wit/ front bay-window and sunny back room.
Kighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUb.IS, 28 BTH
0 st», near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
.Ellis street.
01 >- ELLIS - NICELY FURNISHED Al,
01 i cove: singles; double; $8 up: light house-
keeping. _ '
To Q"E L LI S- NEATLY FURNISHED 1-OUBLE
■_:_-Oaiid single rooms; central.
i"-i O," ELLfs^"NIC~ELY FURNISHED SUN-
A.J. *M ny parlors awl front room; reasonable.
1 illinore Street, j
i)f\C\ FILLMORE, NEAR HAIGHT— NICELY
—I >O furnished room for lady or gentleman with
pleasant family. __^^
I'oJsom Street.
c>9n folsom. NR. FOURTH— furnished
O— - v' sunny rooms, $1 a week.
Geary Street.
jQQ GEARY, COR. TAYLOR-SUITE OF 3
tOO connecting corner rooms; all sunny; espe-
cially adapted for doctor's oillce; furnished or un-
furnished.
. j 1 "GEAKY— 2 LARGE PLEASANT ROOMS;
Oil suitable for 2 persons; rent reasonable.
■ Hayes Street.
7QQ HAVES— HANDSOME PARLOR SUITE
I *)O or other rooms; dresser attached.
Hickory Avenue
OOQ HICKORY AYE.— 4 ROOMS AND BATH.
Ot)O Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
QXqi HOWARD — HOUSE CHANGED
UOO-2 hands; newly renovated top to bottom. "
Hyde Street.
JAO HYDE— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
"i"O front room.
. Jones Street.
907 JONES— VAN WINKLE: NEW
—.V I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to £30.
ivearny Street.
4 RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
-rV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clasi
in t-very respect : terms reasonable.
Market Street.
■yOSEMXTK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. EET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Sinjle and suites; pec
eight, 85c to 51 : week, $1 B0 to S5-. families
"I O /if* MARKET -THE MONARCH-SUNNY
X«J-±U furnished rooms single or en suite; all on
flrfat floor; from J?6 upward.
Mason Street.
A~\ 7 MASON-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
JtJ~ I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
DAD MASON— SUITE OF NICE FURNISHED
OUO parlors with grate and running water; pri-
vate family: $20 a month.
Mission rent.
C 1 EIAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. SEVENTH
X and Mission sts.; reopened; thoroughly reno-
vated: sunny front first-class rooms; elegantly
furnished; ether single or en suite; bavins sta-
tionary washstands and running water in every
room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
(' I Q MISSION — NICEL"S F~\ 11 Nls HE D
ULD rooms, 15c to 50c per night, $1 to J2 a
week. ' *.
OQQ MISSION— I FURNISHED FRONT SUN-
-000 ny room; $1 "5.
-j 17901 MISSION, NEAR THIRTEENTH—
X I — .02 large sunny furnished front room; bath;
cheap.
Moss Street.
1O MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
•J 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Minna Street.
Pr 4Q MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED front
O'lO room, $4 month.
7«7"'7 MINNA, CuR. EIGHTH — NEWLY
wU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Polk Street.
097 POLK, COR. O'FARRELL - NICELY
I — I furnished sunny rooms; housekeeping if
desired.
Pine Street^ ~~ '
m SINGLE ROOM WITH GRATE;
other rooms $4, $5 and $8 per month.
7 (\A FINE— FRONT SUNNY SUITE; FUR-
I Wx nished g!5, unfurnished $12 50.
jj UBg Street.
9-1 RUSS — SINGLE FURNISHED ROOM;
— X bath; closet; $5.
Seventh Street.
] 07 SEVENTH — FURNISHED ROOMS $1
-LOi week up; also housekeeping and transient.
1 herwood Place.
■1 Q SHERWOOD, OFF THIRD, BET. MISSION
.X €J and Howard— ?s a mouth; 2 unfurnished rms.
South Park.
If* SOUTH PARK —WELL FURNISHED,
-LU sunny front room; $5.
Stevenson Street.
979 STEVENSON— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
— 1 _. suitable for tailor-shop; good light; rent $7.
Stockton Street.
"I O"I J. STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
101 l doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
butter Street. ..-;,
Q9QB SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
t/4— front alcove suit; also single room; grate;
running water.
Third Streat. ~~~
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
II Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; »1 50 10 $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm:iree bus.
Taylor Street.
C 99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED
O_j_j rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Turk Street.
%/tQ TURK— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
OrtO bath; private: $5.
1 A TURK, COR. STEINER— FURNISHED
-L'iO"l rooms by the week or month.
Valencia Street.
O(\± VALENCIA— 1 NICELY FURNISHED
♦ Jl/"± sunny furnished room.
' Van JSess Avenue. ■
CAQ VA « NE S S COMFORTABLE
OUO sunny front, room for gentleman.
"Willow Avenue. fpj'T'^A
9 WILLOW AYE., OFF LAUKIX — NICE
front room, with grate, for 2, $9.
a eel la 11 eous. '
I FULTON HOUSE, OPP CITY HALL—
nihhed rooms, single or en suite: $8 and $16 up.
UNFURNISHED ROOM*.
DUNE 1 liNi-ii >• ,ir'su~NNT~ROOMS; $10. 16
«> Lewis St., on* Taylor, near Post. •
STORKS TO LET.
D"~ESK^ROO~M^ STxTH FLOORT^iOOM^si
Mills building. - ■ . ■* ■
IJASEMENT TO LET CHEAP, COR. FIRST
X* and Market sts.
TORE AND LIVING-ROOMS, 706 POLK ST.;
O rent $16; line for delicatessen aud dairy prod-
uce; Germans preferred.
NINTH— CORNER STORE; 3 ROOMS
<)\J\J and fixtures; low rent.
STORE; 524 HOWARD. ST., COR. OF LA-
k ; fayerte: fixtures for saloon ; cheap rent. Apply
8888 Mission st.
[7>OR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
J ' part, of store. 231 and 223 Market v.
~ OFFICES TO LET.
i? oK^i^^T^ASTTjFFT^T^Tif'i' ixTuirio s
J. for sale, or a nortiou thereof to lease. EDWIN
K_ALSIP & CO..* 9 rotunda. Mills building, S. F.
Di 1: KOOM ; CHEAP RENT. 609 KEARNY
IJ St., room 8.
TTiREE RENT (i/ a MONTH) GIVEN GOOD !
1: tenants; cottagr-s, flats, «5 up. SPECK & CO.
802 Market at
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
i building, 025 Market: rents low; no *xtra
cn».rge for e»s. janitor services or heating. Apply !
et baildin. or (i. H. UiIBSEN <t CO., 14 Mont_. si. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
BOAKI>IN<J AJSI) ROOMS.
"c mal er l c .\x "famila^ \vill~a c c "o >f-
kJ modnt« gentleman of refinement with hand-
somely furnished room and board: location central
and superior: best references required. Address
M. <'>.. box 7. Call.
09 A VAN NESS AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS
«J_-V with board: suite or single.
A"I A HYDE - HANDaOMELY FURNISHED
rIX\J front bay-window room, with privilege of
parlor and piano; flrsl-ciaas board.
f.9ft KDDY-SUSN. SUIT es, $45 UPWARD;
\JAl\t single, 20 upward; best board reasonable.
rj-iHE WINDERMERE, FAMILY HOTEL, 1401
X Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; everything new
a:id tresh: excellent board; no Chinese employed.
\-'\v GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 134 AND 186
-L* Fourth st.: naw furniture and carpets through-
out; table first class: terms reasonable: American
plan; free bus to and from depot.
HOTEL BERT! [NO. 714 iJUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
OHILOKKN lIUAKDIiD.
Vpu CAN Find kelfTn^dlho^^ii?amer'-
X an family for child; §10. Address Reliable,
box 121, Call Office. ;
W AXTtjj-2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; ROOM
'» for parents if desired; no other children. 123
Germania st. •-.;;-■. .- -
"j ADY WITH NICE HOME WOULD LIKE 1
-»-i or J children to board; room for parent, if de-
sir.."d. 710 Vallejo st.
V DRBE wisp. ES INFANT OR OLDER CHIL-
-A-^dren to board; reasonable. 2819 Sixteenth st.
1 OR TWO CHILDREN TO BOARD, HAS A
x_ daughter 15 years of ape. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
— _______________
B.DVCATIOMAII
QPANISH AND FKlc?rc^^C : AlrEM^~CA>^
kJ tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
f'S month; also academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room S7.
T7OCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM-
> proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. Ninth tst.
ij^RENCH.SPA NISH.Etc. PROF.DbFILLPPE'S
X Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estftb. 1871.
MRS. MELVILL!.-.-:s HAS REMOVED
to 520 Sutter St.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and el cution; ladies ana
gentlemen conched in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged. •
I?NGLISH,~ LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
XJ lish literature a specialty. MISS PQULSTON,
724 itMvli st.
Miss BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
St. — Board. English, French, pi no, dancing,
$:->0 a mo. ; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tionatlow figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MRS.EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF A-Cl'INQ—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, .th and Mitt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chauical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723Mkt.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE ONIVER-
sitv, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
B OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, Cat. T. S. BO WENS, M. A., Principal.
XT lOLIN, MANDOLIN\ GUITAR, CORNET
V uwght, Prof. L. MERKI, 226 Geary :reasonabla
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl'3 College, 728 Market.
SP A NTsri.FKENCH, GERMAN: MODEUATE.
Meistcrschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell at
EALIVS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing:, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V!GHTSCHOOL;tIEALD'SBj:s. COLLEGE ; 24
-i. > Post: commercial, shorthand, English; low rate*
■\7~IULIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO; KEA~
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045 i/ 2 Valencia.
i CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
V-' ham's .School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
Q AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
0 Market: s.-ii.l tor cm.: day and »»v--ti;ii-.* session.
riU>FOSAL.S.
PROPOSALS "" " —-.-
X FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING AND
BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will he received until
January 23. 1896, at 30:30 o'clock a. jr., for fur-
alshing the PAPER for th PUBLIC PRINTING
and BINDING for the year ending 28th of Feb-
ruary, : 897, the said proposals to be opened before
and the award of contracts to be. made by the Joint
Committee of Congress on Public Priming to the
low -st and best bl Ider for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself the
riuht to reject any and all bids, as its judgment of
the best interests of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description," quantity
and quality of the paper required, accompanied by
samples and blank proposals, and giving the regu-
lations with which bidders must comply, can be
obtained by addressing Th E. Benedict, Public
Printer, Wxshington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered Into for supplying
such quantities of paper as may be needed during
the year, and no more.
Tht. 'estimated ijnantities set forth In detail in
the schedule comprise:
50,000 reams irJwchine-flnish printing paper,
-4 x 00.
15,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
38 x 48.
23,600 reams sized and super-calendared white
or tinted printing paper, various siz s.
24,500 reams wfiitf writing paper, various sizes
and weights. j
2,400 reams colored writing ' paper, various
sizes and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
' weights.
100,000 pounds or Dos: plate paper.
150,000 pounds of best map paper.
175,000 pounds fine coated wood-cut paper. '
2,100 reams manna paper, various . sizt-s and
weights.
100,000 pounds glazed bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
size 3.
2,000 pounds parchment deed.
1,7 30. sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes,
weights, etc.
7,200 reams first-class ledger paper, white or
blur-, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
8,000 reams second-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
2,700 reams tissue and copying paper.
35 reams blotting paper, any required color
or weight.
150 reams tar paper, 24 x 36.
345 reams plaid, marble and comb paper. '
various sizes.
400 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
965 reams cap. letter and note paper.
100 reams white. French f0!i0,17 x 22.
2,000 sheets parchment, 15 x 21.
Proposals v.ill be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Congress
on Public Printing.
TH. E. BENEDICT,
. Public Printer.
» AsniX(iT(;x, December 26,1895. -^
T.iifiAL. NOTICES.
VTOTICE TO CREDITORS — KarATE OF
XI MARCUS DAVIDSON. Deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned executors of the
last will and testament of MARCUS DAVIDSON,
deceased, to the creditors of and all persons
having claims against the said deceased to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary 'vouchers, within
four months after the first publication of this
notice to said executors, ac 161 New Montgom-
ery st., city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, which said place the undersigned select
as their place of business in all matters connected
with said estate. MYER DAVIDSON
JOSEPH HARRIS,
Executors of the last will and testament of
MARCUS DAVIDSON, deceased.
December 10, 1898,
DEPA I'.TMKNT NO. 9 (PROBATE). IN THE
Superior Court, in «nd for the City and County
01 San Francisco, State 01 California— ln the mat-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 14th
day of January, A. D. 1890. at 10 o'clock a.m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, at the new City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 3, A. D. 1898. - --- T
[Seal.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk. '
ByF. E. HOUGHTON, Deputy Cleric
JAMES A. WA YMIRE, Attorney for Petitioners.
■VTOTICE TO CREDITORS — ESTATE *S of
i-1 WILLIAM J. BROAD, deceased. Notice is
hereby Riven by the undersigned, administratrix
of the estate of WILLIAM J. BROAD, deceased
to the creditors of and all persons having claims
agAlnst the said deceased to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers, within four months after the
first publication of this notice, to the Bald adminis-
tratrix, at No. 1 Broad's place, the same being the
place for the transaction of the business of the said
estate in the city and County of San Francisco.
State of California.
CATHARINE BROAD, Administratrix 61 the
estate of WILLIAM J. BROAD, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco December 11, 1895.
MY RICK <_;DEERING, Attorneys for Adminis-
tratrix.
V ice to CREDITORS-ESTATE of wilt;
Xi lAM HARRIS, deceased. Notice is hereby
given by the undersigned, A. c. FREESE ad-
ministrator of the estate 01 the said deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons • having claims
against the said deceased to exhibit them with the
necessary vouchers within four (4) months after
the first publication 0/ this notice, to the said ad-
ministrator, at his offices, 319 Pine street Ban
Francisco, California, the same being his place for
the transaction of the business of the said estate in
the City and County of San FraDclsco, State of
California.
A. C. FBEESE, Administrator of the estate of
WILLIAM HARRIS, deceased.
Dated at Shu Francisco, December 11, 1895
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator.
319 Pine street, San Franrisro. California.
____________________ _ _j~
BtCSCLiES.
tNDSOK BK;Y7lLiB^r^sTrUC^TLY~if IGH
grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A L. BAN-
CROFT & On., 324 Post St.. 8. F. >
ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO let 7
best accommodations. Terminus Geary Me-
I AllUter and Powell st. car lines.
. .. ■ . .•• ■•■ , . "
PERSONALS.
PARTIES WHO SAW THE YOUNG~LADY
-I thrown down by the Powell-st. cars near Pine
St., December 12 last, please call at the American
Exchange Hotel ana confer a favor on MISS O.
WALDKOP.
OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
the new gold mines in Alaska apply to C. D.
LAPP, 9 Third St., San Francisco.
"JOHN L. JOHNSON (STONE-CUTTER) —IF
•J you see this, communicate with E. W. M.
EVANS, Petaluma, Cal.
DR_SS_A kTnG BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
located ; for sale cheap. D.M., box 53, Call Office.
■\T E W PROGRESSIVE WINDOW ANDHOUSE
-Li cleaning Co. -.floors scrubbed contracts rday wk
or mo. F. CARNOVAL _ C 0.',29 Eddy. tel. 5.'252.
-VICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATB
laws a specialty, suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections etc G
W. WE, att'y-at-iaw, «50 Market, cor. Stockton.'
P~ ICTURE Framing complete with
glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c-
11x14 and 12x16. 20c; 16-20, 30c; 20x24 45c'
JONE3, 6*7 Mission st. . '
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; _AIRDy_ PER-
fectly harmless. Langley-Mlchaels Co.- all
chemists; Hubbard's 923, Hauptli'g, 1156 Market.
i;OK FINE POULTRY GAME GO TO A.
1 BTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
DA X C ING FOR BALLROOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars aidress or apply 424
Pine st. •
\\T ALL PA PER CLEANED BY NEW LIGHT-
'» nlns process; no muss or dirt. Address
LOUIS E. SCHOLL, National Wall Paper Clean-
ing Co., 207 Montgomery st.
HA I Mit ESB ING ANY STYLE.2SC, WAVING
included: excellent switches and front pieces
forsl: hair chains made to order from $2 50 up-
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Stockton
Bt. B. SPITZ, G. LEDEMEE successor.
E. PHILLIPS, GENERAL PRACTICE IN
• U. S. and State courts; damage cases. Offices
725-726 Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
pOME, HAVE YOUR FEATHER BEDS, PIL-
\J lows filled. 870 Mission, cor. 6th. O. McCABE.
(DM A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«IP 1 floor. 208 Leavenworth st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
chester House, 44 Third St., near Market- 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to 's6 per
week: tree bus to and from the ferry..
RS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
Bend for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
TOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
0 Sinter st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye.,
where the oest of coal can be had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CI'T-
Oak.Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges *:; up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON
1017. 101&. 1021, 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
T IBERAI, A DVAN< B,S ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
jLJ elry, etc. : lowe3i rates. 9-18 Market st.
iniin BUSINESS CARIis, 51 50: TELE-
JLVJUU phone "Black 141." H1LL,724y 3 Market.
UITS MADE TO j OBDEB OF ELEGANT
_ remnants for $10; scmples and self-measure-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market st., San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
_ showcases, counters shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St.. al we Sixth.
OL D BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store- fixtnres, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
(DO <> SUITS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
«JP-L_ NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor, 116 Kearny.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS BETA I LED AT
v^ mfrs* cost. Factory. 20 Fansom* St.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
< io: liiri'j boil ■?')•. cm, MAN. 41 Third st.
DBEBSHA—
Bft____s\ Sl» GEARY ST. — ELEGANT
stylish suits made, $5 up: dresses made over.
DRESSES AND li 1 . WRAPPERS 35c AND
ud. 505 Xatomast., upstairs.
T\Rh>SES CUT AND PITTED, $.:<.'; DRESSES,
U popular prices; waists $3. 11 Geary st.
QUITS $3; SKIRTS CHILDREN'S SUITS
0 $1 up. 669 Stevenson st. ; fit guaranteed.
"PROFESSOR LIVINGSTON'S DRESS-CUT^
-I ting school removed to (V 27 I.arkln st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X— - a — -a —
-^V. " WONDEFUL GIFTS."
CALL THEM WHAT YOU MAY. . * ',U
People of San Francisco as well as other cities
• marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all grades, ladies from every
walk In life together sound his praises for
- the benefits they: have"'"received. . His
parlors are always filled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
reply is most gratifying: ail are pleased; Pro-
fessor Eugene gives advice on business,
speculations. Investments, love, courtship,
marriage and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and
cane s a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choice; he locates mines and buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies,
removes evil Influences, gives advice per-
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates; developing mediums a
specialty; the troubled and unfortunate should
seek his counsel; thousands of families long
separated hare been reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his
truthful predictions; he is the only clair-
voyant on earth recognized by the
profession as their brightest star: all persons un
successful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
should visit him. seek his aid and start aright;
.. thousands have become wealthy through
his advice; be is ever ready "to assist
those with capital to find a safe and
good-paying investment; young men starting in
business will find it greatly to their advantage
to consult him on all matters of financial in-
terest to themselves. Professor Eugene
should not be classed with the many cheap
pretenders who infest cities and bring
disrepute to the profession. His past successes in
matters of great import are a positive
guaranty of his power to perform the won-
ders that have made him famous. All
an; invited to call. Hours 9 a. m. to 8 P. m.
Letters with stamps answered. 1728
Market, St., parlors 1, 2, 3 and 4.
MRS. BYNERSON, WORLD-FAMED LO-
cater 01 mines and minerals. Room '20, 148
Sixth st. ■ .
ROF. LEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces you
when others fail. 533 Post, 9to 8: also Sunday.
ME. MOREAtT, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.present and future ;25c up. 764 Howard St.
TARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM,
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865 Market.
BESKNT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MM_
LEGGETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
ME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY;
names given, up: systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
ME. STEWART, GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
and eardreader. seventh daughters the sev-
enth daughter, has returned to her old rooms in
wan Francisco; ladies and gents 50c; call at ones
as she is going East soon. 917 Market St., parlors
3 and 4.
MYIE. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tolls entire life, pa»t,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice:* sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy: mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter 52. 929 Post st., nr. Lurkln.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 23.26 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
(CLAIRVOYANT — CARD READING, 60c~
\J 406 I'li-laviit st.; formerly 128 Turk st.
SPIRITUALISM.
TEsTcTr~CljTt6-NIGH.T; 1 Oc? JIMETYaUNG^
J-606 McAllister St.; sittings daily.
A WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE;
xi Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines;
never fail In rheumatism, paralysis, fits and oil
nervous diseases, etc.; if you oannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a, lock of
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease;
true life reading. 15-.il Vis Market at., opp. Van
Ness aye., San Francisco, Cal.
M'" >.s. Fulton: SLA'i'E WRITING seance
to-night. 31 Fell St. .
TO-NIGHT — KATIE HKUSSMANN'S TEST
J- meeting. 793 Stevenson.off 9th ;10e ; sits daily ;$1
rpO-DAY, 2 O'CLOCK: MRS. MAYO STEERS;
-L ladies only ; readings daily. 101 Grove st.
A DDIB SWAIN, SEER. CIRCLE TONIGHT,
X_ sure. 227 Geary st. (contribution). 
BS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
STORAGE "~~ '
o'^VERlXnd FRMG_T^ % T_2_fBF_R JIJ COr
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses; low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS. HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage; low rates: . telephone .South 762.
■I/IR"8T-UIjASSS STORAGE; AD VANdES MADE
F 421-423 Marltet at. CHAii L. TAYLOR.
PHYSICIANS.
RTATDITLU^IsTpIEfYHcI^U^G^oI^TR^Y^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
\fRS. DR. PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 126
1»J- Ke.irny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
EMOVjsD— .O. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
Market st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
: •.. -. .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in locs.
tjr TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
<JP 4 »i the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ <fe BRO.
QAA $400. $460, $600 TO $1100; CHOICEST
iyOUU. lots north and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. 10 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Luke sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ <fe BRO.
fI£IAATO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
«!?-i-V'l-' Aiission-st. and electric car lii>es: only
$10 down and 55 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRI >.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker buiidln?.
"|7iIN_ST»iN THE CITY; ELEGANT SUNNY
V flat of 6 very large rooms; bath, etc.; arranged
for office and living-rooms; 0:1 Post st., 2 blocks
fromKearny; long lease and part of furniture for
sale; very cheap rent. Address J. E. S., box 115,
this ofllce.
OR SALE— ?7OO; COTTAGE; LOT 25x70:
8200 cash, balance us rent; near cars. Apply
S. 11. W., box 56, Call Office. "
EV EBY WEEK THE NUMBER OF LOTS OS
SU Twenty-fifth aye., Point Lobos and Clement
BIS. grows less; $375 and upward; $50 cash, $10
monthly; best lots In Richmond lor the money;
Sutro's electric car:, will pass the property; buy
bow and make money.
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery st.
Ip OR SALE— THE FINEST HOME in THE
City for the money; Page and Lott sts.; see it
to-day; premises. J. ANDERSON, owner.
OT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AYE..BET. D ' AND
J C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold;
party going away. For particulars inquire at 1805
Mission st.
CJi9f^o MUST BE SOLD: OFFER WANTED:
t\p^~U\J. this lot is worth double: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments: title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
d>l WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
ijpl $100— Lot IDOxlOO; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 2dx100: $ 1 weekly: sewered.
$825— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250-Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly..
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly. :
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
I A REVIEW LOTS: NEAR NEW KACE-
-i track; low prices ; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., ti463larket st.
CO Q AAA SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
VpJ.*ir.UlJU. 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 26x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection.
HOUSES BUlLT?150 TO 8273 A ROOM; CALL
and examine Liian't. 1149 Mission at.
COtJiTUI REAL ESTATE.
p.KEAT SACRIFICE F(hTcAHhTnO X
VJT dent owner; unimproved residence and busi-
ness property centrally located in Los Angeles.
H. P., box 27, Call Office, San Francisco. • .
EMMS SALE OR EXCHANGE-22 AX IRES OF
1 mountain fruit land in Santa Clara County for
city lot. Address A. L.. box 31, Call Office.
TpSPAItTO TOWN AND COLONY: ONLY 308
J-i 4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
next great development of electric power; equal to
Folsom; a part of the "Rancho Canada de Capay
Grant"; unquestionably the earliest and finest
fruit Delt on the coast and superior to any tor di-
I versified farming: about 600 acres, in 20-acra
I farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
tains large brick blocks, a fine hotel, a line high-
school building, wat( works, artesian, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole Interest of present owners in the colony lots
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: it won't cost much to examine;
j is an Irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
D..FISKE _ CO., Woodland, Cal.
70-ACRE HILL (HICKEN RANCH; 25
acres cultivable: 200 cords firewood: 2 miles
from school: 6 from town: lovely shade trees' a
sightly, pretty place: $500; half cash. D. 11.
TWING, Sonoma City, Inquire 632 Market st.,S. F.
97 A A FIXE I'A VIM; model I'.ANCH
<JP_ I u\J. In Marln Co.; 12 acres; 22 miles from
San Francisco; 5 minutes to railroad station; 5
acres in choice bearing assorted orchard: 1 acre In
vineyard: good 2-story house of C rooms; fine
barn, chicken houses; net wire chicken yard; fine
well and windmill: water piped to house and
through grounds; shade trees; plenty of timber for
fuel on place; all in Al order; also horse, harness
and cart, cow, all farm tools and Rome household
goods; this is the cheapest and best home ranch
in California.. LEE-& KISER,
806 Montgomery st.
Ij*Oß SALE OB TBAOE-— l6O-AORE GRAIN
-L ranch: all fenced: comfortable buildings; near
Tipton, 'i'ulure County: price $6000. PHILBRICK
_ CO., 2543 Folsom, near Twenty-second.
rVO LET— 3 SMALL CHICKEN RANCHES:
i. $7 60, $8 and $10 per montn. G C. YOUNG,
Petaluma.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 24O ACRES; 200
J- level. 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits-
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced: close to large town; 10
hours from city: $3000; part cash, balance on
time; will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75oeracre; terms made
to suit ; send for > ircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building. ,
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, ~"
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves In tracts of 6 acres
and upward, lying along the .Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
CtocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaqulu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
her unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property is under the immediate
i direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who naa received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wltn fully paid up water rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The pur.-has? pnee payable in
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
■■ For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad.
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market Street.
: san Francisco. Cal.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
. Oakdale, Cal.
TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES OX 10
years' credit. D. H. THING. Sonoma City.Cat.
1 A ACRES, WOO: MORE SAME PRICE; PAY-
JL v/ able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
bargain in California; secure a home; you will not,
miss the $2 a week; will be worth $5 to $1.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY, 640 Market St.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sal WOOSTEB _ WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THIS
■ V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
TO EXCHANGE.
F"^*R~^LE^N"E_CHA^C?E"F^3T^m)AR_^
completely and elegantly furnished house of
) 8 rooms;. price $800; or would sell. on easy terms.
I Address M., box 123, Call Office. . ■. .
I\rANTED-TO EXCHANGE FOR INCOME
'• property in San Francisco, desirable unim-
proved residence and business property, centrally
located, in 1.03 Angeles; great bargain. H. 0,,
box 72. Call Office.
0 EXCHANGE IN ALAMEDA— HOUSE OF
8 rooms and bath; lot 50x140, Encinal aye.,
for nice lot near Golden Gate Park. Address R. H.,
box tip. Call Office.
JUUNISV to LOAN.
oans"6n"real estate -also second
i mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alarneda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
T FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
JLJ city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building. .
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELHY, ETC
V .Columbia Loan _ Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-tx estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
IST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COU
X try: administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
M~ ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS. WAR-
rants. SALOMON <S: CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
ONEY LOANED, 6y« PEB CENT ON
mortgages. A. F. JOHNS _ CO., 632 Market st.
ONEY LOAN ED ON~JEW_LRY AND
IVI other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
106 Market St. .nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'i;, 1170 Market
WHY PAY *5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
»» mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loatier without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on yonr pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Kllis St.. room 22.
PAWNBROKERS.
T ' KEARNY^ST.." ""ROOM^STImoNBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sale cheap.
■ .... - . _-•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
HAVE YOU $750?
— : ■
OAKLAND'S INVESTMENTS ARE BEST.
RENTS $432 PER ANNUM.
COBTS $2250. NO MORTGAGE.
CAN GET $1500 LOAN ON PROPERTY.
INTEREST ON LOAN IF TAKEN LESS
THAN $150.
RATE OF EARNINGS ON $750, 39 PER CENT.
GOOD REPAIR. CENTRAL LOCATION.
Address WM. J. DINGEE,
460-462 Eighth street. OAKLAND.
<2» j Ann kle<7ant~k6ukk OF 11 ROOMS
«J)tUUU. ana bath; lot 37x150; 8 minutes'
walk to Market-st. station; part cash, balance to
suit.
$1000— of 7 rooms and bath, near Oak-
st. station; $600 cash, balance can remain.
E. HILL, Real Estate,
i- . • Room 34. Donohoe Building, S. F.
<£j9f» MONTHLY FOR S-kO«>.\l COTTAGES:
<jp<aU. plans frpp. P. EOEOLE. Golden Gate stata.
©1 ~H LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tiTX%J\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; pood improvements
H. B. FI.NNEV. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ai/ajmcktda bkai; STATE.
C^O/HT^O^A^lLr^H^^^WN^Hl^YTs
ijp±i£i\J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottn&e.
$3000— 560 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
58250— 5300 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
Ram cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
MAJKOUSE it REM3IEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
<S*~\ f\i\ DOWN, BALANCE .MONTHLY PAY-
<S)J-v'' ments— Fine nearly new modern 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath; near station, school and
churches: must be sold; call and see at once. H.
P. MOREAL, 1432 i'ark at.. Alameda.
Cl 00 DOW.N — ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM I
t^iXKJxJ modern cottage in center of city, close to |
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alamtda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
dg A(\{\f\ N E\V and modern house of 7
t^DotUIJU. rooms and bath: lot, 42x147:6: In
good locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
Ia~NTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL KSTATJK.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
82 Kast Santa Clara St., ban Joss, CaL
DENTISTS.
RT^Eol^Gir~Ww]Ein^ tluTTTkn"!? fvE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extract on
and patentee of improved bri<i?e work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS KXTRAOTJON. 50c! CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience, B.L. .WALSH, D.D.8., 8153,4 Geary.
I SET OF TEETH WITHOUT~A PLATE.
±x. DR. H. G. YOU 1841 Polk st.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KK A K N V — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX. L. T.CRAXZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,"
crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthous
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
/"■•KOO.Mi-; DENTAXi ASSOCIATION, 759 MAK-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th, pas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frmijin; fillings frni $1: extracting 5Cc. with gassl.
oj»7 ASET FOX JTEETH ; WARRANTED AS
*Jp ' pood as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
TT rTTu dlTjmT hill; 1443 market st.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge ior extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6()c: gas given.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DX. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
ATTORNEYS- at-law. ~
Adyice^br^eTdivorce v^?d % Trob'ate
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collection*, etc.
B. W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 860 Market.cor.Stockton
rJT J. MUKRY, ATT'Y AND CUUiSSELO RAT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14. Id.
" W. DAVIDSON, ATTORN Y-AT-LAW.42O
. California 11.. inn. 14-16; adTic» freo.
iIAKiUAGii JLIUJiNSKS.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
L. N. wuriz and Ger rudeMermeU 40—44.
William M. Persons and Laura B. Kelly, 27—19.
M. Donovan anil Margaret Sullivan, 32—
Paul Lauricella and Maria Mann), 23—22.
W. V. Durbin and Catherine. E. Rlley, 25—20.
L. Bernbanm and Bertha Silverstone, 27—23.
Harvey N. McGrew and Harriet Heath, 44—25.
J. K. Cassidv and Mamie E. Adams. 28—19.
Frederick Kuhlman and Esther Bacher, 50—46.
H. Klndberg and Christine Ber?crist, 38—30.
Luiiti Barellaand Louisa Savanelio, 28—17. .
Elbert B. Morse and Laura L. Muir. 41 — 30. s
M. K. Buchanan and Fannie L. T.-rribilini. 43—35.
Michael Sullivan and Xorah Connery, 33—22.
C. H. Laubenheimer and A. V. Leveque. 31—21.
G. Dorn and Emma schonncmann, 31—45.
lIIVOKCK IMIOCISKIUNUS.
Complaints filed:
Kate M. Billings against Henry Billings.
Etta B. Collins against John W. Collins.
Divorces granted: ■
Liunie W. Goodyear from Henry C. Goodyear,
for neglect; byJtidce Seawell. Custody of child
awarded to plaintiff. Plaintiff awarded *50 a
month alimony.
Ella J. Holt from David H. Holt, on ■ cross-com-
piaint for desertion: by Judge Hunt. •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence 01 persons authorized
to nave the same published.]
BORN.
BAKER— In Oakland, to the wife of G. G. Baker,
a daughter.
DF.LANEY— In this city, January ■7, 1896, to the
wife of J. A. Delaney, a daughter.
KATTEN— In this city. January 8, 1890, to the
wife of Simon Kattcn, a son.
PIEPCE— In Oakland, January 4, 1896, to the
wife of Charles O. Pierce, a daugnter.
RIKMKR— In this city, January 3, 1896, to the
wife of Rudolph Riemer, a eon.
MARRIED:
RITZAU— KRAMER— In this city, January 6,
189H, by the Rev. C. A. Rabing, Henry Ritzau
■ and Mamie Kramer, both of San Francisco.
WINANS— HOGAN —In Oakland, January 1,
. 1896, by the Rev. Father Akerly, M. N. Winans
of Sacramento and Nellie M. Ucgan of San Fran-
cisco.; •. -v,-i !
HikA). ~™
Baumgart, Maria A. Rowland, Willis T.
Cane, Mrs. Elizabeth Hunkin. Veda M.
Cate, Avelia J. ; . Kelly, Peter
Cavanaeh, Thomas Koch, Minnie
Campbell. Duncan . l/inxo, John
Coleman, .Holm W. Levy, Sam
Collins, Julia A. M. McGowan, Mary
Cony, Gerald S. Murray, Ann
Elliott, Ann Morton, Mary S.
Ely, Theresa E. Regan, Catherine
Gardner. William J. Russ, Frances
George, Russell M, Russell, Mary
Gough, Kate Salomon, Carrie ' "
' Hannah, Capt. Levl Schultz, George M.
Hurlburt, Daisy • Vigonreux, Dr. W. A.
BAUMG ART— In this city, January 6, 1896, Maria
Anna Baumgart, beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph !
Stork, Mrs. MoritzKta-k yon Goldshein. Mrs. M.
Kitzmuller and Emma an.; PhiliD Baumgart
of Victoria, B. C. a native of Rheinpfaiz, Ger-
many, aged 76 years and 18 days.
33" Friends and ' acquaintances * are resoect-
fully invited to attend the fnneril THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. M. Xi zmiiller, 1113
lurk street, between Laguna and Buchanan,
thence to St. Boniface's Cnurcn, Golden Gate !
avenue, between Jones and Leaveuworth.where a !
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the .
*■'.-'- -- . . - ■ •
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. I*.
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In Golden Gate. Alameda County.
January 8, 1896, at his residence on Crawford
street, Duncan Campbell, beloved father of Mrs.
Mary McLeod, Mrs. Sarah Lyon and Duncan
Campbell, a native of Ar?yle, Scotland, aged 67
yeara 3 months and 2 7 days.
J£3~Frlefid3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from tne par-
lors of Valente, Maririi <fe Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
CANE— In this city, January 6, 1896, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of John Cave, mother of John,
William and Joseph Cane, »nd Bister of Mrs. E.
L. ("ate and Joseph Lakin of San Rafael, a native
of Tnolumne County, Cal., aged 38 years and 4
months.
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. K-. from her lute
residence, 6y 3 Golden Gate avenue*lnterment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CATE— In this city, January S, 1898, Avella J.,
beloved wife of O. I. Cate and mother of Mrs.
11. O. Wieiiero, E. G. and W. S. Cate, a native of
Ohio, aged 65 years 9 months ana 19 days.
CAVANaGH — In this city, January 7, 1896, at
the residence of his cousin, Mrs. James Finn,
&y 2 Garden street. Thomas Cavanagh, a native
of Gurtaleen, parish of Keel, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 60 years. ' .; -T • -
AS" Friei ds and acquaintances are respect :
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from 5 1 / a
Garden street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
Brannan street, where .1 requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. \ t . r
COLEMAN— In this city, January 7. 1896, John
W. Coleman, a native of Kentucky, aged 64
years.
i^EFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), a' 2 o'clock p. M., from his late
residence, corner Eighth and Brush streets, Oak-
land.
COLLINS— In this city, January 7. 1896. Julia A.
J-t. Collins, beloved mother of Mrs. Winslow An-
derson of San > rancisco, a native of New Bed-
fore!, Mass., aged 71 years 9 months and 6 days.
[New Bedford (Mass.) papers please copy.j
83~The funeral will take place 'Ill's DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 603 Sutter street. Interment private.
CONY— At sea, October 80. 1895, Gerald Scott
Cony, a native of Warwickshire, England, aged
20 years.
ELY— In Oakland, January 7, 1896, Theresa Eva-
line, infant daughter of George J. and Theresa
Ely, a native of Oakland, aged, 3 months and 11
days.
49~The funeral will take place THIS DAT
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the real-
dence of the parents, 1213 Twenty-sixth street.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ELLIOTT— In Cape Horn, Wash.; Ann, beloved
wife of Thomas Elliott, and mother of Mrs. L.
Bullard, Mrs. S. Lonr and Thomas and t.eor^e
Kliiott, a native of England, aged 72 years.
GARDNER— In Oakland, January 6, 1898, Wil-
liam :rcon iardner. a native of Connecticut,
aged 41 years and '-' months.
GOUC.H— In Oakland, Jauuary 6. 183 6, Kate
Gongb, a native of Ireland, aged 7- rears.
GEORGE— In this city. January 8. 1896, Russell
M.. beloved son of Bernard and Jennie George.
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 23
days.
JJSyFriendd and acquaintance arp respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi
dence of the parents, 944 Folsom street. Inter
merit 1. O. O. K. Cemetery.
HANNAH— In this city, January 7. 1896, Captain
Levi Hannah of the steamship Pomona, beloved
husband of Mrs. A. M. Hannah, a native of
Maine, aged 64 year* and 11 months.
jC3s"lmerment Santa Cruz THIS DAY (Thurs-
day), on arrival of the broad gauge train from
Ban Francisco, under the auspices of the
1. O. O. F.
HURLBURT— Ban Jose, January 7, 1896, at
the Sanitarium, Daisy Hurlburt, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 19 years.
HUN KIN— In this city, January 5, 1896, Veda M.
Hunken, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months.
KELLY— In this city, January 8, 1896, Peter
Kelly, beloved brother of Mrs. J. T. Finn and
Mrs. John Craig, a native of the parish of I augh-
maconneil, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
48 years. )
££s"Friends and acquaintances are riAnect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from 419 Va Na-
loma street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, January 6, 1896, Minnie, be-
loved wife of Christian Koch, mother of Hans
Koch, and sister of Mrs. A. Parra, a native of
Kohlen, Aim Lehe, Germany, aged 29 years 2-
months and 22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuiifral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dencp, 910 Treat avenue, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LEVY— In Stockton, January 1896, Sam, be-
loved husband of Emma Levy, father of Law-
rence and Sadie Levy and brother of Mrs. Mena
Solomon and Mrs. Lizzie Cook, a native of Ger-
many, used 51 years.
aarFrieuds and acquaintances are resoect-
fui; invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday) at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of his mother-in-law, Mrs.. R. T. Harris,
1225 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery by 11:45 a.m. train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
LINGO— In this city. January 8. 1896, John Lingo,
beloved stepbrother of Mrs. Stewart Cre fling,
a native of Arkansas, aged 23 years.
Remains at the parlors of Petersen & Gant-
ner. 8 and 10 City Hall square.
McGOWAX— the City and County Hospital,
January 8, 1896, Mary McGowan, aged 61 years.
MORTON"— In this city. January 7. 1896, Mary
S. Morton, a native of Massachusetts, aged 74
years.
MURRAY— In Menlo Park, January 8, 1896, Ann
Murray, beloved mother of John, James. Annie,
Margaret, Henry, Charles and Alice Murray, a
native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 86
years, 5 months and 8 days.
REGAN— In this city, January 7, 1896, Catherine,
beloved wife of William Regan, and mother of
Mrs. Kate Bagala and Lizzie and the late Mary
Regan, a native of County Limerick, Ireland.
Jfg"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 1108 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mas?
will De celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. H. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROWLAND— In this city. January 7, 1896, Willis
T., beloved husband of Mary Rowland, and
father of Willis, May, Alice and Laura Rowland,
a native of St. Joseph. Mo., aged HI years 3
months and 7 days. [New York and Brooklyn
papers please copy.J •. ."?: i-
JB3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thefunenu TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 462 Tehama street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. '.'"•:■■■
RUSS— In this city, January 6, 1896, Frances,
beloved wife of Adolphus G.'Russ. and mother of
Mrs. Lillie Brueckmann, Mrs. Henry Westphal
and Albert 11., Robert P.. and Gustave A. Russ,
a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
JsiTFri<»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 16 Columbia square, near Harrison street,
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, January 8, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of the late David Russell, and
mother of George D., Mary A. and the late Cath-
erine Russell, a native of Waterford, . Ireland,
aired 58 years 2 months and 8 days. [Jordan and
Weed sport papers please copy.]
£9" Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 235 Twenty-ninth street, near Church,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SALOMON— In this city, January 7, 1896, Carrie,
beloved daughter of I. L. and Henrietta Salo-
mon, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 8
months and 19 days.
JO"Fnends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m.. from the
family residence, 122 Twenty-ninth street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by train leav-
ing Valencia street at 11:55 o'clock a. m.
SCHULTZ— In this city, January 8, 1896, George
M., beloved husband of Barbara Schultz and
father of Philipp. George and Henry Schults
and Mrs. R. D. Wheeler, a native of Sachsen
Coburg, Germany, aged 59 years and 24 days.
A member of. Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. \V.,
and Mission Turn Verein.
#§-Fr!endB and acquaintances art 1 respect-
v fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), January 10, at 2 o'clock p. m., from
his late residence, 1009 Nebraska street, bet.
Twenty-second anil Twenty-third. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
VIGOUREUX — In this city, January 7. 1896,
Dr. William A. Vlgoiireux, dearly beloved hus-
band of Lizzie A. Vigoureux, and father of X
Milton .Vigoureux, a native of Gardiner, Me.,
aged 64 years 3 months and '£ days, f Bath and
Gardiner (Me.) papers please copy.]
£3~Friends and acquaintances nr*» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), .at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from hi.i late
residence, 1609Va Turk street, thence to St,
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at. 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I '
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Every Requisite for First-clans Funerals
at Reasonablo Rates.
_TjaleEhoiy»_3l67. 27 and 29 Fifth street. \
—
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTOSS Jb EMBALM
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
: :  Telephone 3080.
jA»7MoMicj.-osfi!iYT"™"™^ Cha9. .McMkvok'ictT
JAMES McMEN'O I VIK\ St. SON",
UNDK6TAKKBS AND ESIBALMERS,
XO&7 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
TN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beau*
tiful, permanent and easy of ace* see it befu*
baying a burial place elsewhere.
City Office, « City Hall Arena**
1314
REV. MR. GOODWIN DEFENDS MASSACHUSETTS
Compares Its Present Con
dition With That of
Mexico.
REPLY TO FATHER YCRKE
The Protestant Minister An
swers Some Inquiries
With Sarcasm.
G. A. HUBBELL OX SCHOOLS
Quotes From the "Catholic World" and
Other Sources to Substantiate
His Contentions.
Rev. W. R. Goodwin sends the following
communication to The Cam.:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
Mr. r. C. Yorke, who mistakes epithets for
arguments and whose fluidity of language is
only equaled by his tenuity of thought, turns
aside ior a moment in his Hood of words to
allude to me.
Possibly Mexico was not settled by the best
blood of Spain. She was colonized a hundred
yeare before Massachusetts, and by Spaniards
«if such stock as Cervantes, Cortez, I'izarro,
lolumbiis. Cordova, Ximlnes and Isabella. If
that was not good blood, what was it? Massa
chusetts was settled by poor I'nritans. Mexico
has a rich soil, adapted to the production of
everything that grows out of the earth, and
-:np every metal used by man, while
Massnchusett.s has a sti-Tiic soil", uncongenial
climate, and no articles of transportation save
ice and ro,k. Mexico has bull-fights, igno
rance, superstition, vice and utter degradation.
Massachusetts has free schools, intelligence,
wealth and worldwide influence.
But Mr. Yorke is not expected to know these
thing?. He is better acquainted with the dark
apes, with papal bulls and with the literature
of the musty past. His tongue and pen are
practical proofs that perpetual motion is pos-
Fible, and Father Bovard, as a ciank, has set
that windmill in motion that will probably
continue until the machinery is worn out.
Mr. Yorke asks me if I know what is the per
centage of pure Indian Dlood and mixed blood
in the Mexican population of to-day? Does he
know how much Indian blood is in the popula
tion of Massachusetts ? Does he know the
composition of the green cheese that is said to
be in the moon? Is he a Yankee or a Jesuit
when he goes to acting the inquisitor? He
ought to know that Mexico is Romanist and
Massachusetts is Protestant.
I hope the readers of The Call will not be
made to suffer at the hands of Mr. Yorke by an
octave "postscripturji" in reply to this. Yours
truly, W. R. Goodwin.
HUBBELL ON SCHOOLS.
He Assails the Roman Catholio Church in
Begard to Them.
G. A. Hubbell of the American Patriot
submits the following letter in reply to
Father Yorke:
AMERICAN PARTIOT OFFICE,
819 Market street. \
Editor San Francisco Call — Dear Sir: In de
fending the Jesuit. Peter C. Yorke found that
he had a very bad job. A Jesuit can't be suc
cessfully defended in any country.
Peter C. Yorke, the foreigner, now wants, to
go off into a strictly religious region and show
by divine authority that, according to the
nintn celebrated sentence of Pope Gregory
VII, "All princes must kiss the feet of the Pope
only." Now. this is Peter C. Yorke's religion.
The A. P. A. does not care if he does kiss the
Tope's toe, nor whether that toe is clean or
not. That is his religion. He is welcome to it.
The A. P. A. does not concern itself about such
matters — cares nothing about it. It is a politi
cal organization. The province of the Ameri
can Protective Association is to defend the i
political institutions of the United States
against Jesuitism.
To show you from Roman Catholic authority
what Jesuitism thinks of our most cherished
Institution, the public school, and the opinion
ot Brownson'a Quarterly Review of Roman
schools, I hereby respectfully submit the lol
lowing:
Thus, the Catholic World for January, 1870,
having spoken in defense of "the public grants
to certain Catholic schools" in New York, says;
Give us either schools to which we can send our
children, or divide the schools equitably between
holies and l*rotestans, and we will solicit no
special grants of the sort. We are opposed to the
common schools as they are, because our church
condemns them; but if Protestants want them for
themselves they can have them. We do not ap
prove the system even for them, any more than we
do heresy and schism, which we account "deadly
Fins"; but if they insist on having godless schools
for their children, they can have tnem; we cannot
hinder them. The system might be modified so
that we could accept it: but it depends on them so
to modify it or not, for they have the power.
The same, in the number for April, 1870.
speaks thus;
The difference between Catholics and Protest
ants is not a difference in details or particulars
only, but a difference in principle. Catholicity
must be taught as a whole, in its unity and its In
tegrity, or not taught at all. It must everywhere
be all or nothing.
The tame, in opposing the plan of National
education advocated by United States Senator
Henry Wilson oi Massachusetts, and others,
Eays, April, 1871:
As there is for t:s Catholics only one church,
there is and can be no proper education for us not
given by or under the direction and control of the
Catholic church.
The New York Tablet of November 20, 1869,
speaking of the vote of the School Board of
Cincinnati "to exclude the Bible and all re
ligious instruction from the public schools of
the city," says:
If this has been done with a view of reconciling
Catholics io the common school system, its pur
pose will not be realized. Jt does not meet nor In
any decree lesaea <>nr Objection to the public school
system, and only proves the impracticability of
i hat system in a mixed community of Catholics and
Protestants: for ii proves that the schools must,
to be snrtf Inffl. become thoroughly godless. But
to us godless schools are st ill !• , i t . than
ectarlan BCbOOis. and we obiect l<-ss to the
reading of King James' Bible, even in the schools,
than we do to the exclusion of all religious in
struction. American Protestantism of the ortho
dox stamp is a tar less evil than German infidelity.
The same newspaper, tinder date of Novem
-I>H9, proposes that the prevalent sys
tem of public schools for all the children at
the public expense be thus modified in respect
to the Roman Catnolics:
Appropriate t o the support of Catholic schools
the proportion of the public money according to
the number of children they educate! and leave the
of teachers, the studies, the discipline,
the whole interim, manacement, to the Catholic
educational authorities, and yon may, in all other
-. in all prudential matters, let tbem remain
as now. under public control and management, and
fmhlic boards, regents, commissioners and trustees,
f you will.
It says abo December 25, 1869:
We hold education to be a function of the church,
not of the stutc, and In our >hm- we do noi and will
not accept the state as edni not.
Shvs the Freeman's Journal November 20
1809:
If the Catholic translation of the hooks of Hoiy
Writ. win. h is to If found in the homes of all our
better .-.lwimiV. CathoUca, were to be dissected by
the ablest Catholic theologians of the land ami
merely Ussons to be taken from It. such an Catho
lic moiherb read to their children, and with all the
BOW M>d commerts in the popular petition, and
o;hers added, with the highest Catholic indorse
ment: and if thes<- admirable Bible lesson* and
IbCM alone, were to he ruled as to be n-ad in all
the public schools, this would not diminish in any
substantial decree the objection we Catholics have
10 letting "Catholic children attend the public
schools."
The same, under date of December 11, 1869,
gays :
The Catholic solution of this muddle about
Bible or no Dibit in schools is, 'Hands off !" No
si ate taxation or donation for any schools. You
look to your children and we will look to ours
We don't want you to be taxed for Catholic school f.
We do not want to be taxed for Protestant or for
godless schools. let the public school system no
to <rbere it came from— th • devil. We want Chris
tian schools, and the state cannot tell what Chris
tianity Is.
Cardinal C'ullen, ivho is Archbishop of Dub
lin, Jroland, issued a pastoral letter to his
clergy before the meeting of the Vaticiin Coun
cil, a f-ynopsis of which is published in The
Pilot of* Boston, June 4, 1870. In this letter
he opposes "common, united and unssecturian
instructions" in schools as "a godless system
of education," and continues:
It in evidently our duty, without interfering
with others, to jus.st on obtaining Catholic (ChooU,
lower and middle, for Catholic children, and also
Catholic colleges and universities for the more ad
vanced stages of youth. While Protestants have
schools and colleges and universities, richly en
dowed by the public, for themselves, we cannot be
satisfied or consider ourselves fairly treated unless
similar privileges are granted to us.
The Catholic World for April, 1871, says:
Education Is the American hobby — regarded, as
uneducated and poorly educated people usually re
gard it, as a sort of panacea for all the ills that
flesh is heir to. We. ourselves, as Catholics, are as
decidedly as any other class of American citizens
In favor of universal education as thorough and
extensive as possible— lf Its quality suits us. We
do not, indeed, prize so highly as some of our coun
trymen appear to do the simple ability to read,
write and cipher. Some men are born to be leaders
and the rest are born to be led. The best ordered
and administered state is that In which the few
are well educated and lead, and the many are born
to obedience, are willing to be directed, content to
follow, and do not aspire to he leaders. In extend
ing education and endeavoring to train all to be
leaders we have only extended presumption, con
ceit, indocility, and brought incapacity to the sur
face.
We believe the peasantry In old Catholic coun
tries two centuries ago were better educated,
although for the most part unable to read or write,
than are the great body of the American people to
day. They had faith, they had morality, they had
a sense of religion, they were instructed in the
great principles and essential truths of the Gospel,
were trained to be wise unto salvation. ana they
had the virtues. Without winch wise, stableand
efficient government is impracticable. We henrli
B&Id, or rather read in the journals, that the supe
riority the Prussian troops have shown to tiie
French is due to their superior education. We do
not believe a word of it. We have seen no evi
dence that the French common soldiers are not as
well educated and as intelligent as the Prussian,
The superiority is due to the fact that the Prussian
oftict-rs were hotter educated in their profession,
were less overweening In their confidence of vic
tory, and maintained better and severer discipline
in their armies than the French officers.
The Northern armies In our recent Civil War
had no advantage in the superior education of the
rank and lile over the Southern armies, where
both were equally well officered and commanded.
Hood officers, with an able general at their head,
can make an efficient army out of almost any ma
terials, For the.great, mass of the people the edu
cation needed is not secular education, which
simply sharpens the intellect and generates pride
and presumption, but moral and religious educa
tion, which trains up children in the way they
should go and teaches them to be honest and loyal,
modest and unpretending, docile and respectful to
their superiors, open and Ingenuous, obedient and
submissive to rightful authority, parental or con
jugal, civil and ecclesiastical; to know and keep
the commandments of God and the precepts of the
church and to place the salvation of the soul be
fore all else in life. This sort of education can be
given only by the church or under her direction
and control, and. as there is for us Catholics only
one church, there is and can be no proper educa
tion for us not given by or under the direction and
control of the Catholic church.
Orestes A. Brownson, LL.D., has been a lead
ing champion of the Roman Catholic church
since he joined it in 1844. "Brownson's
Quarterly Review' 1 ably defined the Roman
Catholic doctrine for about twenty years from
1844 onward, was indorsed by all the bishops
and was regularly republished in London. In
the number for January, lStiU, it spoke thus on
the quality of the Roman Catholic schools and
colleges:
They practically fail to recognize human prog
ress. As far as we are able to trace the effect of
tin- most approved Catholic education of our '!.iy,
whether at home or abroad, it tends to repress
rather than quicken the life of the pupil, to untit
rather than to prepare him for the active and
zealous discharge either of his religious or social '
duties. They who are educated in (vir schools j
seem misplaced and mistimed in the world, as if born
and educated for a world that has ceased to exist.
Comparatively few of them (Catholic graduates)
take their stand as scholars or as men on a level
u::h the Catholics of non-Catholic colleges, and
those nho do take that stand do it by throwing
aside nearly all they learned from their alma ma
ter and adopting the ideas and principles, the
modes of thought and action they find in the gen
eral civilization of the country in which they live.
The cause of the failure of what we call Catholic
education is. in our judgment, in the fact that we
educate not for the present or the future, but for
the past. We do not mean that the dogmas are
not scrupulously taught In all oar schools and col
leges, nor that the words of the catechism are not
duly insisted upon. We conceae this, ana that
gives :o our so-called Catholic schools a merit :
which no others have or cun have.
There can be no question that what passes fnr
Catholic education in this, or any other, country ,
has its ideal of perfection in the past, and that ft j
resists as un- 'atholic. irreligious and opposed to'
God the tendencies of modern civilization. The
work I', gives its subjects or prepares them to per
form is not the work of carrying it forward, hut
that of resisting it, driving it back, anatnemlxing
it as war with the gospel and either of neglecting it
altogether or taking refuge in a cioister, in an ex
; c^> rated Bscetlctom, always bordering on immor
ality, or of restoring a former order of civilization, !
no longer a living ord^r. and which humanity Has
evidently left behind and is resolved shall never be
restored.
Yours for the public schools,
G. A. HfBBELL.
Not how cheap, but how good for the price
paid for printing and binding. The Mysell-
Rollins Co., -±'± Clay. •
FRESNO ORANGES.
Dr. E. C. Dunn States Finer Fruit Can
Be Raised There Than in Southern
California.
Dr. E. C. Dunn, one of the leading phy
sicians of Fresno, and a member of the j
joint committee of ten consisting of dele
gates from the Chamber of Commerce and
the Hundred Thousand Club, said last |
evening while speaking of the prosperous j
condition of things in and about that city: j
"The people of Fresno have learned a
great deal during the citrus fair held there, i
We find that we can raise as good oranges i
as are raised in Southern California. Not
only as uood, but we can place them on |
the market at least four days earlier than j
the Southern fruit. The orange of the |
southern part of the State is nearly always j
scale-covered, but our fruit is entirely free !
from scale.
"The citrus fair has proved a remark- ,
able success, far beyond the ideas of the
promoters. It has been a surprise to the !
people of Fresno as well as a source of ed- j
ucation to them. There is no question in
the world but that the citrus fair has come
to stay.
"We believe from the experience of the
past few years that the raisin industry i
will be a success, which at present it must
be confessed it is not.
"The introduction of electric power into
the city win prove a potent factor in in
creasing the city's importance. One com
pany that has the matter in hand expects
to furnish all the illuminating for the city,
and it will only be a short time before the
street cars will obtain their motive power ■
from the same source.
"The poles are being put in now and by
the latter end of this month everything
will been in working order for transmit
ting power.
"The joint committee of ten in the in
terests of tho Valley road has purchased
already over $20,000 worth of property for
depot sites an* l switching yards. Our re
lationswith the railroad board of directors
have been very harmonious and the feeling
is widespread that the road is a bona-fide
competition and that no danger exists of
the Southern Pacific's ever possessing it."
BE-ELECT OFFICERS.
The Butchers' Hoard of Trade Shows Its
Appreciation of Faithfully Per
formed Work.
The old officers of the Butchers' Board
of Trade were unanimously re-elected to
their various offices at the annual meeting
Tuesday night. There were ;512 members
present. President Sam C. Hammond was
not of the number, as he wanted to give
the organization every opportunity to put
another man in the place he has hlled for
the last three years.
The election of officers was no sooner
announced than a dozen men were on their
feet placing Mr. Hammond in nomination.
There was no one else named and he was
declared elected by acclamation. The same
NEW TO-DAY.
If the Bottoms
Of your feet rest on smooth
leather, they are bound to be
comfortable. Goodyear Welts
are made with smooth, flexible
soles ; just like hand-sewed,
only better.
Your dealer has them.
GOODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1896.
steps were taken with the others. The
officers chosen were:
Sam C. Hammond, president; H. H. Thomp
son, first-vice prcsid-ent; J. \V. Phillips, second
vice-president; S. Silverberg, treasurer; B. J.
Horn, recording secretary; H. C. Flageolot,
f-ecretHry; J. Flach, marshal; R. Haas, assist
ant marshal; K. J. Turner, assistant secre
tary.
Seven new members from Alameda
County were initiated. This leaves only
eleven butchers in that county not in the
association. There are now but thirty-two
butchers in this City who do not belong to
the Butchers' Board of Trade.
It was decided to have a committee of
seven wholesale butchers, to be appointed
by the president, confer with the Board
of Health as to what butchers should ask
of the Supervisors in order to place
Butchertown in a sanitary condition. At
present, the offal from ' the slaughter
houses is dropped into the bay near the
shore and drifts to and fro with the tide,
causing unpleasant odors. They think a
sewer emptying far out in the bay would
remedy this. ■
KERRIGAN WILL PRESIDE
Unanimously Elected by the
Justices of the Peace
Yesterday.
At the End of Five Months Groe
ringer Will Take the Place— An
Agreement Reached.
Presiding Justice of the Peace Frank H.
Kerrigan.
[From a photograph.]
Justice of the Peace Frank H. Kerrigan
will preside over the Justice Courts for the
next five months, having been elected yes
terday afternoon by a unanimous vote of
his confreres.
The question of who should receive the
honor and emoluments which have been
held by Justice Barry for the past year
has been the source of acrimonious debate
since January 1, the date on which it was
expected that the incumbent would step |
down. No settlement was reached until
yesterday, when a combination was
reached by which Justice Barry agreed to ;
resign and permit the selection of his suc
cessor.
It was decided that Justice Kerrigan
should receive the office for five months,
at the end of which period the mantle will j
be transferred to the shoulders of Justice 1
Groezinger, who will wear it seven months, ;
or until the end of the term tor which the
present Justices were elected.
An agreement by which the marriage
business — one of the fat plums in a Jus
tice's career — is to be more evenly divided
in the future was also reached, and now
there is peace and a love feast where strife
and discord reigned.
Justice Kerrigan is' popular, and one of
youngest of the Justices. His election to
the office was his first entrance into the
field of politics, in which he bids fair to
become a shining light, as he is prominent
in the bicycle world and an advocate of
good roads.
* ■» — «
Our leather goods and perfumery depart
ments were pronounced by all holiday buyers
to be the finest in the City. They will continue
to show the best assortments, best values and
latest novelties. Visitors always welcome.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
THE FREE LIBKAKY.
"What It Costs to Maintain It for Six
Months.
The following from the semi-annual re
port of Secretary Casey of the Free Li
brary show how much it cost to maintain
that institution lor the last half of the year
1895:
Salaries, $12,781 ; books, $4!).% 82; rent of
branches, $648 ; pas for branches, $188 82;
periodicals, $51« 73; printing. $475 75;
stationery, $07 H4; binding, $380 64; fuel
$->7 50. Total, $21,117 06. July 1, credit
library fund, $56,005 14; less six months'
expenditures, $21,119 86. Balance $I*4 -
!*75 4*. '
NEW TO- DAT.
When
Paderewski
Gomes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
■UK, CLAY & CO.,
Cor. Kearny and Slitter Sk,
Pacific Ccast Representatives.
STORRS'
ASTHMA REMEDY,
crHES ASTHMA. Stops the severest paroxysms
In ONE MINTTK. 10c, 25c and 50c sizes. AH
druggists have it, or any size will be mailed on
receipt of price to
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
BV^Cor. Larkin and Turk sts., 8. F.
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great .Restorative, Invtgoratorand Nervine,
hells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.  . - ,r.
JSAJtKK, AtFS & BRUNK, Ag.-nts,
333 Market St.,. S. ■F.-CSend for Circular.)
BELLES UPON HORSEBACK
Dainty Society Girls Forming
an Organization for Eques
triennes.
Twenty Couples Will Prance in the
Saddle to the Music of the
Presidio Band.
The latest and most novel social function
in the recherche set has not yet been named.
It M to be something eminently horsey
military and musical. It is to be like
a cavalry drill with a score of couples from
the local four hundred, mounted on steeds
that won blue ribbons or at least should
__^ -~~^~-~--^ww~^~^~_^w^w^_. 55^J[P" I)AY ~ I)RY GOODS. . •
— — -3=®v-»-v©=^—^ . — , : ____
*OUR GREAT EXTENSION SALE!*
Clearing for New Quarters.
■ *-9_>r*H*f«tf-»
The fourth day of last December we secured the great room
adjoining. We are now fitting it up for occupancy. We are to
enlarge every department in the business, tear down and build
over. We are crowded with goods. We want to rush them out
before tearing-up time, a few weeks later. We are willing to take
a reasonable loss on the balance of the winter stock to quickly
move it out. Not an odd piece of goods shall go into our new
annex, rather give them away. The time to buy is now and the
place is here.
— «->_>'< : Jtf-*— — — .
Notions. Furnishings. Silks and Dress Goods. j Domestics.
Little things that mean so \ Almost two for one is the rul- H a Snecial Pr.v^» in ! « ,7~ *t.
much toever^ady. in ratio here ._ Si.ks td D^ss o^7 '" prom? """ """ *"
FANCY MESH VEILING, 5c Yard. GENTS' TIES, 10c Each. ~ .
Plain and dotted ; good assortment. All light colors, fancy silk, new shapes, were t ALL-WOOL TRICOTS, 29c Yard. FLANNELETTE, 5c Yard.
■p\SSROOIvS lc Each. 26c * ' 36 inches wide, goon heavy quality, in all In light and dark stripes.
S»__S ! butcher shop, were 15c doren, .<— ovkkshTkxs. ,„ _* —' a 4 »° cloth.
nbw g l™d2zcT GENTS' OVERSHIRTS, 75c Each.
BOURDON" LACE. werm m aKerTli qUa ' Uyi BIZeS 141/2t 17 ' PEAU DE SOIE, 81.25 Yard. BLEACHED CRASH, Tard.
!n4 Inches wide lOcyard ' ' 24 Inches wide, extra heavy nnality, both AU linen 16 Inches wide «■», si r
4<i inches wide 12% c yard boys- cotton hose. ,_ *_ sides alike, superior finish, value yard. AUlinen, lfa luches wide, « as 8V 3 c.
51/2 inches wide 19c yard BOYS' COTTON HOSE. 15c Pair.
tiy 3 Inches wide 5c yard Heavy quality black Hermsdorf dye, seamless, " wry situs en. it«-i
Black silk, large assortment, very special. I size 6to 10, were 25c. *Aaym silks, bOc lard. UNBLEACHED MUSLIN" 9c Yard
TRAY COv£rs7 lOC Each. Jualh^farge %Z^ "^ goOd heavr f F E» " •»*« wide ' ROod qu^ 11ly ' reduced'
Fringed ail around, good quality craponette. LADIES' COTTON HOSE, 25c Pair. j j /2
' PERFUME NOVELTY, 15c Each. e and°oe m were 400°' Spliced bee!s> double (FANCY GROS GRAIN, SI .OO Yard. I FRENCH FLANNELS, 33c Yard.
A little decorated celluloid basket, containing a ' ' " • 21 inches wide, swell designs, worth $2 lln figures and light and dark colors. "7 Inches
bottle of perfume. LADIES' VESTS, 75c Each. "^ Wlde -
TRIMMING, 20c, 29c and 45c Yard. All wool knit, natural color, plain or shaped, PEAU DE SOIE, SI.OO Yard. FIDEKDOWV FIAWFI t* v .
Beaver and mink, all silk. . heavy quality, pants to match, were $1 25. ,0 , nrnes wide fan . v '_,_. he , . , fßn , " *JDtKDOW> FLANNEL, 33c Yard.
IV, inches wide. 2 inches wide. 3 inches wide. co"lon ». Mid for%2f IlCy BtriPe> " Btapl ° SS'u?"* l^";" a " d dark co!or9 ' *™r
LADIES' WRAPPERS, 75c Each. stripes.
20c yard. 45c yard. Calico, colored flowers on darn grounds, latest BLACK SATIN DUCHESS, »1 Yard. NAPKINS SI OO Dozen
KID GLOVES, 50c Pair. cut. were *1. i 24 Inches wide, extra heavy, guaranteed T»i-«rh«i «n iin«n »««^ i . ., ««^*
4-button. in tans and browns, excellent values, _ ,____, _~ ~ all silk and f «t dye, worth |i 50. Bleached, all linen, good value at $1 50 down.
fancy-stltched back. LADIES' WAISTS, 700 Each.
JET FRINGE? 8c Yard. ( n ?£^ rl|iet "^ «*"*•• BLACK SATIN LUXOR, *1.25 Yard. | BLANKETS, 51.85 Pair.
Black let trimming and fringe. Special Clearance Price, 7Oc each nt.sh?valV*2 varT'* heaVy> " aperiOr | m^'fome^fghtfys^edf C ° tt ° *** Wo ° !
ABSOLUTE AUCTION SALE.
ON ACCOUNT OF
"RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
I WILL OFFER THE
Entire stock mil Fixtures
— —OF
COLONEL A. ANDREWS
AT
The Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery St.
COMMENCING
THIS DAY
May, January 9, 10:30 A.M.
And Continuing I>aily until all Is
disposed of, the stock consisting of
The Finest Precious Stones,
; Watches, Jewelry,
Silverware, Etc.
Sale absolute ■without limit or reserve
to close the business.
JOHN H. FRENCH,
" •'"- ■ ' Auctioneer.
BIRTEIf/Vg
T STIIEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
J- eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
witn instruments of his own Invention, whoso
superiority has cot been equaled. My success iin
Men due to the merits of my wort
OUlce Hours— la to 4r. m.
i3UAu£ Vnil^ ■ "'■ •" til-out. i'lraplcs, Coppcr-fsß
iSnHjE lUU Colored Spots. Aches, Old Sores,
•Ulcers in Mouth, Hair-Kalllng! Write C'OOKH
WItEMKPY CO., JJO7 &unnnic Temple^
nC'hicafro, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-fij
l|tal, SS(X),(tO«. Worst .coses cured in l&Bl
jgto 35 daji. IOQ-page book free. $Bj
have won them, at the recent horse show,
prancing around the arena of the Van
Ness Riding Academy in Armory Hall to
the music of the Presidio band.
It is the new fad.
Yesterday afternoon an hour before tea
society had assembled at the academy and
Captain Dilhan, the gallant and "well
known French cavalry officer, explained
what a pleasure it would be and how it
would lead to equestrian and physical im
provement to become an active member of
the organization about to be formed.
Those present were well aware of the
purpose for which they had been brought
together. They had been informed of the
details of the proposed club by Mrs. W. B.
Hooper, who is directly responsible for the
birth of the new fad.
This lady is an inveterate and uncom
promising horsewoman. Her little mare
Caprice, which became her property after
the horse show, is her pet, is her dream
of all that is lovely and gentle. Airs.
Hooper gathered about her a few choice
spirits with a love like her own for the
£ The fIERCuRY S
B Souvenir 3
i^. — *
g^: Sunshine, Fruit ~ JM - T A T^ lir
g and Flowers... now READY. 3
—
~CZ Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, -^^m
J^ and Is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. "^^*
f[w^^ Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing
©*~^- the aspect of the county from January to December. -sv*^)
J^; The Fruit Industry Illustrated
And described— the most valuable treatise upon the ~^«^
> Santa Clara County Fruit Industry that has ever been -^^©
Ct,^. published, giving details of the business from nursery !^2
to market, with crops, prices and profits. Z^^
•^-
S*~ A Work of Art,
&**^~ Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate -~«©
j^~ Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that i~~*^
O^^r- could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its 3^Z3|
fiJs^^- resources that is cot fully answered.
•~*- 000000000000 -~*&
©l^- Th« Mbrccry BouTenlr will be lent, •zprsisage prepaid I-^MD
&r*-^- to any part of the United States at the following rates : Bound in l -^^-^
Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per ->-~«3
S^TC copy. Bent to any part of the United States, pottago prepaid, at -^■ /^9
q^^. the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 800 per copy !"~***
bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Souvenir is sold orer !^2
<&rss<. the counter at the Mkrcury office at the following prices: Bound Z^sa
fKsv^- in Bristol board, 60 oents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 T^S
•^na- per copy. ' ' Z^^
Jj^2 Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, -~*m
&~- San Jose, California. Z^l
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE I'KBAN SCHOOL, AT 3134 CALl-
fornia street, will begin on MuXDaY, Jen. 6,
) J896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on l'hy-
I sirs early In the coming year. A department for
j very young boys will be added to the school.
I JS r ATHAIN' \V. MOORE, I'ncnipal.
equestrian, and it needed but few of the
stronzly French accentuated words of M.
Dilhan before they signed the roster of I
the as yet unnamed organization.
The ladies who are now members are: j
Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Mrs. Joseph G.
Hooper, the Misses Romie Wallace, Jessie
Hobart, Ethel Keeney, Bertha Dolbeer, (
Elma Graves, Flora Deane, Leontine
Blakeman, Olive Holbrook. Alice Barber
and Rose Hooper.
Among Ihe gentlemen members are:
Walter Hobart, Fred Greenwood, Addison
Mizner, George de Long. Starr Carlton
Pardee, Louis Bruguiere, Joseph Tower, i
Mr. Carson, U. S. A., Bank Somers and i
A. W. Clement.
The meetings of the new organization
will be held every other Thursday even
ing, when the musical equestrian drill will
be gone through.
• — •■ — •
TRAINING CHILDREN.
Mrs. E. G. Greene Lecture* to Mothers
Upon This Important Subject.
The proper way to train children was the
NOTARY PUBLIC.
subject with which Mrs. E. G. Greene ♦r
tcrtained a number of ladies at a meeting
at 132 McAllister street yesterday after
noon. ._ .
"Fathers as well as mothers shouid de
vote considerable of their time to the in
fusion of morals into tl-e child s mind,
she said. "It frequently occurs in the
very best as well as in the middle and
lower families to leave the training of
children to the mothers. This is all
wrong. The father's influence and exam
ple liSvo as much to do with the child a
training as has that of the mother.
"The yreat importance of the proper
training of children has unfortunately
been overlooked in the past. Litile
thoueht is ever piven the subject that
children are the nucleus out of which so
ciety is formed. Hence too much pains
cannot be taken to train children so as to
make sood men a» ( l women of them.
Afghanistan had its name from the
savage tribe of Afghans, who, before the
dawn of history, inhabited the mountain
valleys.
"DATA A iH^^
Something
For
Men!
We know the HAT TRADE,
that's the reason we can
give you BETTER HATS
for the money than you can
buy anywhere.
FEDORA HATS, (hi pn
Latest Style - - - Q)I.J)U
STIFF HATS - - - - $2.00
GRIPMEN'S MITTENS - - - 25c
a E O oT GLOVES -- $l.OO
Gentlemen's Woolen Gloves 75c
ALL-WOOL SWEATERS --$l.OO
TTIiTTITITiT T i f 1 Yarn dyed Se rsc. $1.00
V KnH A Xylose roll steel rod $1.50
UMlDAljljLiiO Fin^}, vu k ra .' Crooks 50
WftT3tfI?HI^FnTVSfTV r m^TTVmW tXll bllK • • m 3*3.50
OUTD^O Double Back, np n
OJllnllJ, Linen Bosom--
Fowler and CO
Ben=Hur--DIuIuLLO