VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 164.
VIGOROUS ACTION
MAY BE REQUIRED
Critical Condition of Uncle
Sam's Relations With
Spain.
CRISIS SOON EXPECTED
Congress May Force Cleveland to
Move on the Cuban Reso
lutions.
MEETING OF THE NEW CORTES
la F^rson the Queen Regent Presents
an Interesting Speech From
the Throne.
£ WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— While
the suspension of the sentence of death
in the case of the convicted Americans
who were captured aboard of the alleged
filibuster Competitor has allayed for the
time being public interest in the matter,
it is believed by many conservative men
in Congress that the situation is critical.
It is not so much the decision reached by
the Spanish court as it is the ruethoas
which were employed in doing so that is
provocative of ill feeling.
A prominent member of the House Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs, when asked to
day by a correspondent whether there was
any likelihood that Senator Morgan's
joint resolution authorizing the President
to take action looking to the recognition
of the belligerency of the Cuban insur-
gents would pass at this session, replied:
"It may be, but it is not improbable
that some action even more vigorous than
that may be required of Congress."
•'Adjournment is not very far off," it
was suggested, "and whatever action Con
gress may take will have to be taken
soon."
"Adjournment has not vet been decided
upon," was the reply. "We may adjourn
before the Ist of June, and we may be
here all summer. I have believed
that the President would take some
decisive action in the Cuban matter
as soon as he could receive full and
accurate information upon the subject,
and it would not surprise me if that action
should be taken very soon. My opinion
is that the crisis will be reached in a short
time, perhaps in a few days. If Spain
should decide to permit the execution of
the sentence of death passed by General
Weyler's court-martial on the Competitor
prisoners who are American citizens a most
serious situation wiil result."
While tho opinion of the member re
ferred to is not generally shared by a
majority of the House members, it is
thought that if the Competitor prisoners
are shot, as Weyler insists they must be,
Congress will beyond doubt take some de
cisive action. Mr. Cleveland will then be
forced to act
QUEEN RAGENT`S SPEECH.
Before the Cortes fih* Predicts the Failure
of the Rebellion.
MADRID, Spain, May 11.— The new
Cortes met to-day. Great interest was
manifested in the speech from the throne
ODening the session, which it was known
would deal at length with the situation in
Cuba. The speech was read in person by
the Queen Regent, representing the youth
ful King. Her Majesty said:
Senators and Deputies: Heavy preoccupa
tions lay on my mind on addressing you on
this day of the opening of the session of the
cortes. All of you share Trith me those pre
occupations, as I am sure they are shared
by the nation. You cannot have forgotten
those days, rich in hopes, of February and
March of last year, when the legislative bodies
approved the laws to reconstruct the adminis
tration of Cuba and Porto Rico.
To their enforcement the representatives of
the loyal parties of Cuba and Forto Rico
pledged themselves and those who share the
power in the peninsula, but those good inten
tions were counteracted on the 21st of Febru
ary, when the discussion had not yet begun,
by the discovery of the Governor-General of
Cuba of symptoms of rebellion, and three days
later it was necessary to proclaim martial law.
A. J. Waterhouse of Fresno, Poet, Patriot, Politician, People's Party.
[Sketched by a "Call" staff artist at Sacramento yesterday.]
The San Francisco Call.
It was most plain that the announcement of
reforms, applauded unanimously by the Lib
eral party, far from restraining the secession
ists, gave them impulse to resort to arms with
the intentiou of preventing the application of
the reforms. From the first moment that was
understood by the illustrious general to whom
the pacification of the territory was entrusted.
The same declaration was made to his Gov
ernment by the agent of the Uuited States, who
said that the revolutionist;--, seeing in the re
forms great advantage to their country, quick
ened the movement in order to prevent their
aspiration of creating au independent state
becoming impaired.
The rebel chiefs, principally the foreigners
and the colored, did not wait long to say that
they did not attach importance to political,
economical or administrative reforms, no mat
ter how liberal, even the most extended form
of home rule, if they had to submit to the
sovereignty of Spain, and the good and pros
perity of the Cubans was nothing to them.
On the contrary that class of revolutionists
showed themselves tne encouragers of the
groups of bandits that formed the nucleus of
their forces, destroying private property, burn
ing towns without defense and making public
that they will destroy the island if they are
unable to conquer the public power, and that
they will thereafter dispute with arms in hand
eternally.
What the consequence would be of the sub
stitution of sovereignty of Spain over races
nearly balanced and with irreconcilable char
acter there is no statesman who will not fore
see. The final result would be that Cuba would
make a step backward in civilization. It
would be an error to imagine that the interests
of the country could in such conditions pros
per or continue in existence.
The Spanish nation in the meantime is not
going to be indifferent to the future of those
of her sons misguided by improvident polit
ical ambitions, and she will not abandon
the mission of civilization that she has
taken upon herself and that she has up
to the moment accomplished and her history
and honor impose upon her; much less will
she deny the rights and advantages demanded
with reason by those inhaDitants of the An
tilles who, torming the different political
parties, have indignantly condemned the in
surrection from the first moment, being
morally and materially by the side of the me
tropolis, and have shed their blood for her.
There are also many who only by fear have
joined the rebels, and who are beginning to
profit by the facilities afforded them by the
state of demoralization of the insur
rection to come under the nation's
flag, and there will not be before
long many who, convinced of the impotence
of their efforts to suppress the sovereignty
of Spain, but will return with a peaceful
spirit to their homes to become good citizens.
To them Spain will always extend her open
arms, after her dignity and authority are safe,
for the maintenance ol which she has made
and will repeat when necessary sacrifices
which have not been equaled.
In the meantime it is not just to suppose
that the present Government has not enforced
the reforms for a lack of love for them. He
(the King) has had in their enactment as great
a share as any other. In the first instance it is
to be noted that it was not possible to do this
without profound study and preparation, be
cause it completely changed all the laws in
force.
I On the other hand, the rapid spread of the
; insurrection, long in preparation, in spite of
| Spain, having restored and increased in a mar-
I velous way in Cuba, the production destroyed
j by the past war very soon broke the unanimity
I of sentiment with which the law of the 15th
of March, 1895, had been approved.
That was first demanded by the more ad
vanced of the Cuban political parties, which
i had given its votes in the Cortes and which
I presented first to the Governor-General and
! afterward to the Madrid Government a plan
! of considerable modification to the reforms,
1 as if their spirit of action was not more the
; same than before the war.
The -ame thing was made public by a politi
cal group, which called itself Reformist, pre
senting to the Government in Madrid a project
i of Congress of great importance also, and the
j late chief of the said group declared that the
1 application of the reforms voted was incom
j patible with the state of rebellion.
Finally, the worthy general that governs
Cuba, disposed, as his predecessor always did,
to obey all the orders of the Government, is
also convinced, as the Cuban conservatives
are. that the indorsement of reform laws which
i have been promulgated, far from serving to
bring peace, wilj make it more difficult.
From all this It is deduced that those re
forms, not satisfying anybody, for the future
their immediate application, even if it were
possible to enforce them completely, will not
obtain a good result with a direct application
of them.
Even their enforced essay in Porto Rico, as
they are all destined to a great modification
in a short time, will not probably bring benefit
because of the advantages that can be ex
pected from a new project. Not for that has the
Government abandoned, nor will she abandon,
the general study of future legislation for the
Antilles, for the moment that after a new in
tervention by the Cortes and when the oppor
tunity will arrive they would have to be
definitely established. Fortunately the insur
rection Is decreasing, in the opinion of su
perior authority of the island and of the per
sons who can in Cuba judge with greater cer
tainty.
If it has not yet decreased completely it is
due principally, as nobody can ignore, to the
great and frequent helps received, false de
scriptions of the politic and administra
tive situation in Cuba, making them also
believe that the conduct of destroying
what they are unable to conquer, Is identical
to those that with higher ends, with different
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1896.
Some of the Prominent Delegates From Town and Country Attending the People's Party
Convention Now in Session at Sacramento.
[from characteristic sfietelHU made by a "Call" staff artist at bucramento yratcntay]
means and with the reasonable probabilities
of creating a new civilized nation, use methods
which have been practiced at other times in
America and in Europe.
Even that help would not be sufficient to
prolong the contest if it had not been for the
chimerical hopes spread among the in
surgents that a great nation will take a hand
in their Illegitimate and powerless revolution,
with manliest violation of the public rights.
For that reason every disappointment that
the separatists receive regarding that will soon
(serve more efficiently than anything else to the
re-establishment of peace. It it to be hoped
that they will now suffer disappoint
ment because of the fact, better known every
day, that makes it clear to all honest minds
that Spain is far from desiring her Antillean
subjects to live under an old and antiquated
regime when she enjoys such liberal laws.
Without the separatist conspiracy Spain
would never have refused any legitimate lib
erty. A great assimilation to the legislation
of the peninsula that many will find to be
lacking In the Antilles never has found great
difficulties in the Government, and to have re
corded it resulted greatly from the dislikes of
many to the assimilation and their preference
towards special laws.
When peace will be reached, to consolidate
it it will be necessary to give to both islands,
Cuba and Porto Rico, an economical and ad
ministrative personality, with a character ex
clusively local, but that will make possible the
total intervention of the country in its pecu
liar affairs, while remaining untouched the
right of sovereignty and untouched the neces
sary conditions for its existence.
To that end will the Government bind its
steps, if that line of policy merits the ap
proval of the Cortes. Of the loyalty of such
purposes, to-day exposed before the whole
world, nobody is permitted to doubt, and it Is
not to be disputed, although a different thing
is pretended with mean reflections that Spain
has fulfilled with excess and in all really es
sentials, everything that was offered in the
capitulation of Zanjon.
On you, Senores Senadors and Diputados, de
volves now to encourage or restrain the policy
signaled by my Government or to show him
different ways. Undoubtedly the interests of
the country imperatively demand that the Gov
ernment will be authorized to profit, as it will
be convenient by the circumstances with the
aim of putting an end in a short time to the
present situation, and with that object pro
jects of law will be presented to you which
you will accept, amend or reject according to
the dictates of your consciences.
I have the greatest satisfaction In informing
you that we maintain excellent and cordial re
lations with all the powers.
The correct and friendly conduct of the
American republic in the Cuban matter is a
good proof that every day the ties of interest
are developed, r. nd the friendship that unites
them closer with Spain. In the United
States, notwithstanding the great efforts
that a part of the public opinion has suc
ceeded in making in a contrary sense, the
President and his Government have not de
parted from the line of conduct that corre
sponds to the loyal friendship that has existed
between the countries from the beginning of
the existence of that republic. The Govern
ment will report to the Cortes the treaty of
peace and friendship negotiated with the re
public of Honduras. .
The remainder of the address is devoted
to the reports of different departments.
WEYLER BAS RESIGNED
But the Spanish Government Orders
Him to Kemnin.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 11.— The report
that General Weyler has resigned because
of the action of the home Government in
the case of the Competitor filibusters is
true, but it is not accepted with confidence
by the public here.
It is understood that the Government
refused to accept the resignation and
ordered General Weyler to remain at his
post under the present circumstances.
Colonel Bequira reports having had an
engagement with a large rebel force near
Cieneguitata, a short distance from Reme
dios. in which the insurgents lost eleven
killed.
The rebels retreated and were followed
by the troops. The latter met another
force of 1600 insurgents under command of
Carrillo. After two hours' fighting the
Continued on Third Page.
ALLISON WILL
NOT WITHDRAW.
lowa's Vote to Be Given
The Senator From Start
to Finish.
DID NOT WISH TO ENTER
But Now That He Is in the Race
He Wants to Win the
Presidency.
IS A WELCOME CANDIDATE.
Harlan Says McKinley's Friends May
Rediscover the Old Cup-and.
Lip Story.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 11.— "Allison !
will not withdraw from tne Presidential
race." said ex-Senator Harlan, who is a
delegate from lowa to the Methodist Gen
eral Conference, to-night. ''The people
out there know Allison and they like him
and have confidence in him. The vote
from his State will be cast for him from
start to finish. Allison had no particular
desire to go into the fight in the first place,
but now that he started he wants to win
if he can. At the same time there is no
hostility toward McKinley. He will be a
welcome enough candidate so far as the
Republicans of lowa are concerned.
"McKinley's friends think they have
the fight won. Well, it looks that way to
me, too. 'There's many a slip betwixt
the cup and the lip,' bat in McKinley's
case they are pretty close together now."
ECKELS AS A PEACEMAKER.
Sent to JlUnoi* in the Interest of Sound-
Mown Men.
CHICAGO, 111., May 11.— James H.
Eckels, Comptroller of the Currency, ar
rived in this city to-day from Washington
as the personal representative of the Pres
ident on a tour of information-seeking and
as a peacemaker between the fighting fac
tions of Illinois and the Cook County De
mocracy in the interest of a gold standard.
His arrival and the secret conferences he
held during the day with the sound-money
leaders formed the sole topic of conversa
tion in Democratic political circles at local
and State Headquarters.
The Comptroller is generally credited
with the mission of ascertaining the exact
situation in certain Western States, with
the special object of doing all he can to
have anti-free silver delegation sent by the
Illinois convention to Chicago in July.
As a result of the conference, which will
be continued to-morrow, it is said the
sound-money men of this city will cease
attacking or even opposing Governor Alt
geld for renomination, and confine their
campaign exclusively to prevent Illinois
being put in the silver column at the Na
tional Convention.
The danger of the party in thia State be
ing permanently split on the money ques
tion, with two State conventions, a contest
and a possible bolt at the National Conven
tion, is also given a moving cause for an
aggressive policy of the present adminia
tration people, including the Illinois office
holders.
The visit of the Comptroller, it is re
ported, was hastened by telegrams sent to
Washington after the sound-money lead
ers had conferred with Chairman Harrity
of the National Committee last week on
the completed party here.
The Altgeld Democrats are arranging
for a big demonstration Saturday, the
Governor being the chief attraction.
POINTERS FOR THE PRESS.
Applications for Space at the Chicago Con
vention Must Soon Be Made.
LOGANSPORT, Ind., May 11.— S. P.
Sherin, secretary of the Democratic Na
tional Committee and chairman of the
sub-committee on press and telegraphic
accommodations and facilities for the
Democratic National Convention, to be
held in Chicago July 7, requests the
United Press to announce that it is desir
able that the applications for space for
working reporters and correspondents in
the convention ball be made with the least
possible delay. No application for work
ing space filed later than June 15 will be
considered. All applications for press and
telegraphic accommodations should be ad
dressed to S. P. Sherin, secretary Demo
cratic National Committee, Logansport,
lad.
SUPREME COUNCIL A. P. A.
There ITill Be a Fight Over the Report on
McKinley.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11. — The
delegates to the meeting of the Supreme
Council of the American Protective Asso
ciation are nearly all in the city. The
meeting will be railed to order behind
closed doors at 10 o'clock to-morrow. The
first day*9 session will be devoted to or
ganization and routine work. The con
vention is expected to be in session five or
six days, and nearly the last work will be
the election of officers. There will be a
stubborn fight over the report of the ad
visory council against McKinley.
Two committees held meetings to-day.
They were the judiciary and executive
committees. The judiciary committee is
composed of the lawyers, and Judge Ste
venson is chairman of it John W. Echols
of Georgia and H. W. Smith of California
were appointed members of the committee
by President Tray nor.
The executive committee meeting was
for the purpose of looking into the repre
sentatives of the different offices.
POLITICS IN COLORADO.
One Convention Presided Over by a
Woman of Grit,
DENVER, Colo., May 11.— The Repub
lican County Convention called to meet
to-day to select delegates to the State and
Congressional conventions, for the purpose
of selecting delegates to the National Con
vention, failed to become even temporarily
organized at a late hour to-night. This
delay was due to a factional contest for
control and the stanch determination of
Mrs. W. H. Kisler, the county chairman,
to stick to her rulings in spite of the howl
ing of ward heelers and the bulldozing tac
tics of some of the delegates to gain their
points.
It has been developed that Senator
Teller will be sent to St. Louis at the head
of a delegation composed of loyal follow
ers, and tuat Senator Wolcott will not be
of that delegation. His friends now ask
only that a vote of censure be not passed.
This action is almost a unanimous de
mand of the members of the party and
will be taken to prevent the defeat of local
tickets, both county and State, next fall.
The contest to-day is waged for local con
trol in both county and State organiza
tions and is extrf mely bitter. The lady
who is chairman ofjthe County Committee
has ruled against a party rule relating to
the making up of a temporary roli of dele
gates as prepared by the County Central
Committee, both in the meetings of the
committee aud in the opening of the ,
County Convention, her position being
that the rule is wrong and unjust and
should not stand, though a large majority
of the County Committee voted against
her.
The rollcail of uncon tested delegates re
sulted in sustaining tne appeal from the
decision of Mis. Kisler, chairman, and the
delegates proceeded to effect the tem
porary organization by placing J. H. Sbat
tuck in the chair without opposition.
Committees were named and a recess taken
until 10 o'clock to-night.
The gang wins and Mayor McMurray's
following, known as the anti-combine, is
defeated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— Senator
Teller of Colorado to-day sent the follow
ing letter to the chairman of the Colorado
State Committee. It is self-explanatory:
Hon. Irving Hobart, Colorado Springs- I wish
to say to the State Convention, through you,
that I do not desire to go to the National Con
vention and I cannot go unless the State Con
vention is in accord with my ideas in declaring
that in the coming campaign the silver ques
tion is the paramount issue. The State Con
vention should act with the full knowledge
that 1 do not intend to support a candidate on
a gold-standard platform or on a platform of
doubtful construction. If this course puts me
out of sympathy with the Republican senti
ment of the State, as a portion of the Republi
can party alleges it will, I accept the result
with all its logical consequences in preference
to an abandonment of principles and stulti
fication of my record made, as I conceive, un
der the instructions ol every Republisan con
vention held In Colorado during the last
twelve years.
MONTANA REPUBLICANS
Bimetallism, Protection and. Jteeiprotfty
Their Cardinal Principles.
BUTTE, Moot., May 11.— The Republi
can State Convention was held here to
Continued on Third Page.
Kobert £. Buab, Secretary of the People's Party State Central Committe*
[Sketched by a "Call" artist at Sacramento.}
PRICII
POPULISTS ARE
READY FOR WORK
Leaders All in Line for
the Battle at the
Capital.
FUSION NOT FAVORED.
Delegates Who Would Rather
Lose All Than Surrender
Principle.
CATOR FOR THE SENATORSHIP-
Faithful Services to the Party Will
Be Recognized by the Con
vention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.—Dele
gates to the Populist State Conve ntion
come pouring into the State House by all
the afternoon and evening trains, and at
night the lobbies, parlors and office of the
hotel presented much of the bustle ob
servable of the night before the conven
tion of one of the old parties, only that
the push and the pull were absent, or if
present, were of a different kind from the
usual staple article.
All parts of the State are well repre
sented; the man from the shadow of
Shasta's snowy peak is here, but T. W. H.
Shanahan, Shasta'? tall sycamore, is miss
ing. His long shadow is not seen on the
floor under the glare of the electric lamps,
and a mighty voice, which once sounded
stridently the blood-curdling war whoop
of Tammany in the councils of the
Democracy, will not be heard even for the
first time in a Populist State Convention.
Mr. Shanahan sent word that it would
be impossible for him to attend, owing to
the pressure of important law matters con
fided to his charge. But there are other
men from Shasta and San Diego and the
smiling valleys and green hills that lie
between.
There will be a lively fight for the chair
manship to-morrow, among the four or
five contestants, Barlow of San Lui3
Obispo being in the lead.
Notwithstanding the secret but desper
ate efforts of Democratic bosses in San
Francisco, through friends and agents in
this convention, to defeat T. V. Cator by
omitting from the order of business the
nomination of a United States Senator,
that gentleman will be nominated by ac
clamation, or, at least, by an overwhelm'
ing majority.
His services to the party have been so
valuable in the past, his devotion to the
Omaha platform has been so intense in
season and out of season that the conven
tion will be repaying in part the debt of
gratitude which they owe him, if a man
can be saill to be entitled to any gratitude
merely for doing his duty and remaining
true to his trust.
The secret efforts which Have been made
to defeat him and which have fallen to the
ground have been instigated by Demo
cratic influence, which, working in the
dark and devious ways of Tammany and
Iroquois tribes, have been plotting for
weeks past to bring about a fusion of the
Populist and Democratic tickets, the
offices to be divided in such a way that
the more important ones would go to the
Democrats. Hence their enmity to the
champions of the no-fusion cause. A
prominent Populist said of Cator to-night:
"Some people don't like Mr. Cator, per
haps for personal, political or business
reasons, but I can say that tnere is no
other man in the party witn a fidelity so
unswerving to the principles of Populism
than Cator. He has always opposed any
scheme looking to the abandonment of the
principles of the party by even so much
as a hair's breadth, and that's the kind of
men who will make the Populist cause the
winning one.
"He is also fearless and outspoken on all
subjects, is a good lawyer, a good talker
and a man of commanding presence.
There will be no fusion, and the Demo
cratic jobbers will be disappointed."
Taylor Rodgers and a delegation of2
woman suffragists and Mrs. T. V. Cator, a
woman delegate from San Francisco, ar
rived to-day. Among the delegation were
Miss Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. A. A. Sar
gent and Mrs. Ida JL. Harper.
They came not because they had any
doubt that a worhan -suffrage plank would
be inserted" in the State platform, but be
cause it was required of them as a matter
ot courtesy that they should attend the
convention. F^r a like reason they will
appear before the Prohibition Convention,
which will meet in Stockton at the latter
end of this week.
Mr. Rodgers is a delegate and will in
cidentally look after Mayor Sutro's fight
for Congress. Several of the delegates
said to-night that they did not think that
Sutro would get anything at the hands of
the convention because he was a railroad
man himself and a money-maker in capi
talistic enterprises and that therefore he
would not be at home in a Populistic
environment.
The convention will be called to order at
10 o'clock to-morrow in the Assembly
Chamber, and it is now expected there
will be a two days' session. Words of
etrong commendation are heard on every
fide for the local committee of arrange
ments for its preparations for the conven
tion. The composition of the committee
is as follows: L. M. Landsborough, W. T.
Hamilton, W. J. Elder, J. Camp and T.
McMillan. _
FUSION NOT LIKELY.
California Populists More Willing to Go
Down Among the Breakers Than
Sacrifice Principle.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.— Among
the best known leaders of the party here
is M. W. Wiikzns of San Jose. Mr. Wil
kins is editor of the Populist organ, New
Charter, and is the head of the anti-fusion
element.
"There will be no fusion," he said to a
Call reporter this afternoon. "Nationally
1 don't believe that there will be a silver
convention to fuse with, and the indica
tions are that there will be a siiver ticket
in the field put in by bolting Democrats,
to which the fusion members will flock.
Leading silver men, such as Bartine and
Warner, say that the permanency of the
silver party will depend upon what the
old parties do. The California Populists
will be in the middle of the mad with a
platform as radical as the Omaha plat
forn. and perhaps more so."
Mr. Wilkins reiterated that the Popu
lists wanted no fusion. They will depend
upon their own resources. He found that
the feeling in the party against fusion
was growing stronger and stronger every
day. But while there is a deep-seated
prejudice against fusion the party would
not object to a union of forces at St. .Louis
if there is anything to unite. The dis
tinction between fusion and union as made
by Mr. Wilkins is that fusion is an ar
rangement between two parties standing
upon separate platforms and dividing the
offices on the ticket, half to one party and
half to the other. Union means a joining
together of men or parties and under a
common platform and with only one set
of candidates forming one party. If there
should be a «ilver convention in St. Louis
and the silverites and Populists should
uuite upon the same platform and on the
same candidates tnere would oe no objec
tion and there would not be any inconsis-
tency in that proceeding, provided that
the Populists would not be required to
compromise any of the fundamental prin
ciples of their platform. California Popu
lists are essentially and emphatically op
posed to any sacrifice of principle, and
rather than do so they would be willing to
go down among the breakers.
Speaking of the advance of the party
and the growing popularity of radicalism
Mr. Wilkins said that under the radical
platform of 1894 the Populist gained an
average of 116 per cent of votes in this
State. He quoted the New York World's
article of two or three weeks ago giving
the fact* relating to the increase in the
Populist vote and stating that if populism
had shown no increase from 1892 to 1894
there might be reason to believe that the
party had died, but the New York World's
figures show an increase of 600,000. The
increase in California was 29,000 on an
average from 1892 to 1894. There have
polled as high as 68,000 votes in this State.
The average in this State for 1892 was
25,502 votes for Weaver and in 1894 the
number had increased to 54,000.
AFTER THE SENATORSHIP.
Thomas V. Cator Talks About the
Strides Made by Populists In
Many States.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.— As
usual the big gun of the convention is
Thomas V. Cator of San Francisco, the
candidate for the nomination for the
United States senatorship of California.
He is confident that he will receive the
nomination at the hands of hi 3 party.
The nomination will mean that he
is the choice of the party, and
it will pledge the Populist Btate Sen
ators and Assemblymen to vote for him.
Contrary to the general understanding of
the matter, the nomination of a United
States Senator directly by a political party
is not an innovation. In the great contest
in Illinois between Lincoln and Douglas
in 1858 for the United States Senate they
were nominated by the State conventions.
A more recent instance is the nomination
of Foraker of Ohio by the Republican
State Convention of Ohio.
Mr. Cator is a strong anti-fasionist, and
he says that this feeling against going in
partnership with any other party has been
produced by the bitter experience of the
past, when Marion Cannon (Populist) was
elected to Congress on a fusion ticket, and
when he pulled down an Assemblyman
from bis allegiance to the party and threw
the principles of Populism to the winds.
Cannon went to Congress and caused a
whirlwind of protest and condemnation
by voting for the repeal of the Sherman
act.
This feeling does not extend to a union,
provided that it can be effected without
making any sacrifice of principle. The
California delegation to the National Con
vention will demand the principles of the
Omaha platform without any qualifica
tion, and they will not waver from their
principles. They need not do so, and they
are in a position to be independent, be
cause the party has been gaining steadily.
It has elected the Governors of five States,
eixteen Congressmen and seven United
States Senators. It has become a National
party, fully and completely organized by
counties and county committees in every
fctate west of the Mississippi and south of
the Ohio.
There has been no reasonable objection
made to the Omaha platform. It has
proved to be one of tne strongest plat
forms ever written, with the quality of at
tracting to the People's party whenever
there is a disintegration of old parties. In
Texas, a stronghold of ihe Democracy, the
ToDulists cast 99,000 votes for the candi
aate for the Presidency and 116,000 for Gov
ernor. Two y ears later 166,000 votes were
last for Governor, and Populism came
within 40,000 votes of carrying Texas. It
Is now conceded. Mr. Cator says, by two
thirds of the Democratic papers of that
State that Texas will be carried by the
How Some of the Populist Delegates Arrived in Sacramento.
People's party on the Omaha platform at
the next election.
In Georgia the party has a record of
97,000 votes, in Virginia of 90,030, and it
carried Alabama twice, if the votes were
allowed of be counted, ihe majority of the
county offices in Kansas last fall were won
by Populists, and they carried Colorado
by a majority of 7000. In Nebraska in 1894
they cast 97,000 votes for Governor, with
the indorsement of the silver party, and in
1895, when the silver Democrats ran inde
pendent and the Populists put a straight
ticket in the field on the Omaha platform,
they polled 107,000 votes.
When asked whether an opposition can
didate would be put against him in the
convention, Mr. Cator said that he had
heard of no opposition and knew of none,
except what he had seen in The Call this
morning, that A. H. Rose waß to contest
with him for the honor, but of this he
knew nothing personally.
At a late hour to-night a canvass among
the delegates, most of whom have arrived,
indicates that Cator will receive the nom
ination, in all probability by acclama
tion, and that the reported opposition to
him will be smothered the moment it
makes itself manifest.
DEBS AND HUNTINGTON.
Parallel Cases of Injustice That Will
Came a Cry Against the Rule
of Monopolists.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.— Among
the resolutions that will be introduced
during the session is the following:
Whereas, The events of the last two years
point unmistakably to an attempt on the part
of the dominant monopolists of the country to
destroy the liberties of the people through the
iniquitous method of Federal court injunction
and ita consequent contempt proceedings; and
whereas, in the imprisonment of Eugene
V. Debs without a jury trial for a crime of
which he was not guilty, on the one hand,
and absolute failure of the Federal authorities
to honestly prosecute the rich monopolist,
Collis P. Huntington, in a plain case for the
least of his crimes, on the other, the people of
this country have been given a fearful example
of the terrible power wielded by the great
monopoly; therefore, be it
Eesolved, That we unqualifiedly denounce
every species of legal proceeding having for its
object the imprisonment of a human being or
any restraint of his liberty that denies to him
his constitutional right to trial by jury, and
that we demand that this constitutional right
be enforced in all such cases; and, be it fur
ther
Resolved. That we denounce the imprison
ment of Eugene V. Debs as a crime against the
liberties of the people; and, be it further
Rttolvid, That we denounce the Federal au
thorities for their failure to prosecute Collis P.
Huntington as an unparalleled outrage.
W. H. Gilstrap, editor of the Tulare
County News of Visalia, will submit the
following, which promises to precipitate a
hoc debate:
1. Believing that the principles of the
People's party, as enunciated iD the Omaha
platform, are among the basic principle* of
popular government, and if enacted into law
would subserve the interests of the wealth
producers of the nation, we affirm allegiance
to said platform, and recommend that our
delegates to the National Convention of the
People's party be instructed to favor adhe
rence to said principles, with the proviso that
such questions as Government ownership of
public utilities, woman suffrage and the like
like questions tonching State and National
issues, which are susceptible of being acted
upon by a direct vote of the people, be settled
through the initiative and referendum, or
direct legislation.
2. The People's party being the only polit
ical party which is unreservedly committed
to free coinage of stiver, we extend the right
hand of political fellowship to all who oppose
financial, political and commercial supremacy
in this country through the single gold stand
ard, and urge them to unite with us in order
that the crime perpetrated through the de
monetization of silver may be revoked and
the money of the constitution restored to an
outraged people.
3. We favor the adoption and rigid enforce
ment of laws restricting foreign immigration,
in order that American labor shall receive
protection.
4. We are unalterably opposed to fusion
with any political party for the purpose of
securing offices, believing such action is sure
to result in the sacrifice of principle and
detrimental to the welfare of any party con
tending for a just cause.
5. We favor the adoption of the proposed
constitutional amendment enfranchising the
women of California on equal terms with
men, believing hs we do that it Is an act of
justice and would subserve the common wel
fare.
6. We are in favor of maintaining our gen
eral nnsectarlan free scbool^system and will
oppose all attempts to supplant it by any sec
tarian institution.
Dr. Oberg of the Alameda delegation
has the following to p\ace before the con
tion for consideration:
Whereas, We are satisfied that the princi
pies advocated by us and set forth in our nlat
form are the only means by which help can
come to the people of this State and of these
United States, we feel it our sacred duty to in
form and instruct our fellow-citizens who may
yet be ignorant of these facts and who may
therefore think, talk and vote against his and
our best interests; and whereas, the press, the
educator of the people, is owned by private
teESAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
parties and corporations, and therefore can
and too often does oppose the sidd best inter
est of the people and efforts for reform; and
whereas, we cannot hope to march to victory
without the aid of the press. Now, therefor.?
belt
Resolved, That each and all of the delegates
representing the people of our respective dis
tricts, subscribe our names to and open our
purses for the payment of a sum sufficiently
larpe to buy, equip, edit, publish and cause to
be printed an oftieia! organ of our party for the
entire State of California, to be issued twice
per week during the campaign, after which it
shall be a weekly paper. Be it further re
solved, that each and all spread as many of
these papers as possible in their respective dis
tricts among unbelievers, thereby increasing
our ranks and augmenting our vote and carry
ing our banner forward victoriously next No
vember, so that our hopes and promises may
at once be realized. And if, in spite of these
comforts, we should, through lack of numbers,
suffer defeat, we may stili have an organ dif
fusing life and energy to our members, that
not only the old ones will keep up heart ana
remain with us, but that our numbers will in
crease and that four years hence we shall
easily gain the victory.
BEAT THE RAILROAD.
The Man Who Walked and the Man
Who Came in a Cart the
Heroes of the Hour.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.— W. O.
Gnggs of Alexander Valley, Sonoma
County, and T. F. Lee of Lakeport, Lake
County, were the heroes of fhe hour to
day. Both are delegates to the convention
and are pronounced antUfusionists.
Griggs is a tall man, rather long in the
legs, and with good, substantial feet for
walking. He wears a sandy beard, with
full whiskers, but his upper lip is shaved,
giving him the appearance of a pious dea
con. A low-crowned straw hat imparts a
rakish air and detracts from the deacon
ship, while a pair of pantaloons much too
long for his lengthy lees shriek loudly for
some one to turn them up at the bottom
E. W. Wardall of Monrovia. Chairman state Populist Central Commitu..
[Sketched at Sacramento by a ''Call " artitt.]
and that it's rainin' in Lunnun.
There is nothing cranky about Mr.
Griggs' appearance, his walk of 135 miles
from Healdsburg to Sacramento being the
only thing eccentric. He is jnst a plain
rancher, with but very few words to say.
A week ago last Wednesday he started
on his jaunt from Healdsburg and made
his first stop at Santa Rosa. He arrived
at Petaluma on Tuesday night and got
lure on Wednesday morning. Then he
came up the valley on the west side of the
Sacramento River and when he reached
Davisville be was told that it would be
dangerous to attempt to cross the railroad
trestle work, which extends for several
miles over the flooded district between
Sacramento and Davisville. But he came,
nevertheless, and took good care that the
Octopus did not get a chance to run over
him with a hog train.
"On the way I met lots of Populists," he
said, "and they wished the cause god
speed."
Delegate Griggs added that the pros
pects for Populism were good in his dis
trict During the last campaign some of
the precincts cast more votes for the Pop
ulists than the Democrats received. His
people had pledged him against fusion, he
added.
"The people who talk fusion are not
Populists; they claim to be. All that
fusion would accomplish wov\d be to give
the office-seekers a chance."
Delegate Lee came down from Lake
County determined to travel like a lord
and not pay a cent of railroad fare. He
hitched his favorite plow horse to a road
cart and started on his way along the rug
ged roads among ihe mountains of the
Switzerland of America. By dint of bard
driving he made Lower Lake, a distance
of twenty-four miles, Che first day. From
here to the Capay Valley the road was
rough and mountainous, and on the sec
ond day, while making for Farriar ranch,
he broke a wheel tire and for a while it
looked as though he would have to con
tinue the remainder of the journey in the
saddle, but he found a blacksmith who re
paired the damage, and he reached Wood
land on the third day.
The trip was not marked by any inci
dent, eventful or otherwise, except that he
was stood up on a road near Capay and
forced to pay 2r> cents toll, winch he con
sidered an outrage of the same grade as
the poll tax. It was not populiatic.
Mr. Lee remained at Woodland all
night, but was obliged to leave his horse
and cart at that place, b-cause of the flood
between Woodland and Sacramento. So,
after all, he was obliged to patronize the
Octopus and ride in the cars just the same
as if he were a plain Democrat, Republi
can or Prohibitionist.
On reaching Sacramento he walked five
miles out of town to see the brother of one
of his neighbors, and walked back again to
the State House as lively as a cricket.
CONVENTION OFFICERS.
Alameda Delegates Will Put Bur
dette Cornell Forward for
Chairman.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 11.— It be
came known this morning that the Ala
ruoda delegation would put forward tiur
dette Cornell, one of the delegation from
that county, for chairman of the conven
tion. The remaining officers of the con
ven'.ion will be recommended by the local
cenmittee of arrangements and will prob
ably be accepted. Its personnel is as fol
lows: W.T.Hamilton, secretary; R. E.
Bush and John Royal, assistant secre
taries; Jacob Heintz, sergeant-at-arms;
Clarence Foote and George A. Warren, as
sistant sergeants-at-arms; Thomas Lands
borough, Ed Camp and Henry N. Bau
mann, pages.
CONGRESSIONAL TIMBER.
General Hart of tbe Second District
and Editor Wat«rhouie ofH
enth aa Candidates.
SACRA.MENTO, Cal., May 11.— General
A. L. Hart of Sacramento is being dis
cussed by the Populists for a place on the
Congressional ticket of the Second District.
He has not yet been approached on the
subject, but those who are close to him
declare that it is not likely he will accept
the honor.
A new aspirant for the Congressional
nomination in the Seveuth District is A. J.
Waterhouse of Fresno, the able editorial
writer of the Fr.sno Republican.
There are to be at least three candidates
for the position of chairman of the con
vention. This afternoon the names of
Charles A. Barlow of San Luis Obispo and
D. T. Fowler of Fresno sprang into promi
nence.
OFFICIALLY REPORTED
Committeemen and Delegates to the
Convention From the Vari
ous Counties.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 11.—Follow
ing is the list of State Central Committee
men and delegates to the Populist State
Convention thus far reported to Secretary
Bush:
Alameda— Committeemen, R. E. Bush, Bur
dette Cornell, J. M. Moore. Delegates, J. D.
Austin, W. W. Brown, Green Majors, N. J.
Manson, L. M. Frick, J. Holkirk, F. T. Hale, J.
V. Obery, J. F. McGwain, J. B. Randolph, A. F.
Childs, N. T. Whiting, A. A. Dennison, J. F.
Ford, E. M. Gibson, B. K. Lowe, E. F. McGuire.
Butte — Committeeman, C. W. Thresher.
Delegates, J. 8. Newkirk, D. B. Robb, D. R.
Daniels, G. 8. Jeffrey.
Calaveras— Committeeman, A. J. Gourey.
Colusa— Committeeman, W. A. Vann. Dele
gates, W. A. Vann, George M. Sutton, J. H.
Dafford, T. H. Harlan.
Contra Costa— Committeeman, E. A. Bunce.
Delegates, William Holliday, William H.
Buckley, C. J. Preston, A. C. C. Wetmore.
El Dorado— Committeeman, N. J. McCumsey.
Delegates, J. H. Miller. Joseph Sweeney,
Wayhright.
Fresno — Committeeman, John 8. Dore. Dele
gates, D. T. Fowler, J. L. Gilbert, A. J. Water
house, E. S. Van Meter, A. yon Schultz, MUton
McWhorter, E. J. Harrah, Thomas Martin, G.
S. Ramsey.
Glenn— Committeeman, H. D. Barber. Dele
gates, I. W. Brownell, George D. Mecuus, John
Stabl.
Humboldt— Committeeman, H. J. Ring.
Delegates, G. G. Moore, 9. M. Buck, A. Wad
dington, F. Toffendori, W. F. Mercer, W. H.
Hempstead, T. J. Knight, P. H. Wilsey, H. P.
Hansen.
Inyo— Committeeman, 8. G. Gregg. Dele
gates, Paul Pfeferle, J. G. Smith, J. White
Smith.
Kern— Committeeman, R. W. Gay. Dele
gates, A. B. Leckenby, T. W. Maples, Dr. C. W.
Price. W. A. Webster.
Kings — Committeeman, N. W. Mathsel. Del
egates, James McCUllan, T. W. Standart.
Lake— Committeeman, J. R. Garner. Dele
gates, J. R. Garner, M. B. Elliott, G. F. Lee.
Lassen— Delegates, Thomas Pyle, H. C. Wat
son, J. H. Williams.
Los Angeles— Committeeman, W. L. Moore,
E. W. Wardall, J. E. Wright. Delegates, W. C.
Bowman, Dr. Burr. R. E. Curran, M. Crawford,
11. C. Dillon, S. E. Fulton, E. M. Hamilton, C.
O. Uawiey, Mrs. M. V. Longley, M. V. Longley,
Louis Luckel, W. W*. Orr, A. R. SDrague, A. J.
Utley. F. O. Wneeler, George Young.
Marin— Committeeman, J. W. B&ggi. Dele
gates, E. C. Houston, H. P. VogeAson, Charles
Wilkerssen.
Mariposa— Committeeman, T. Jl E. Wllcox.
Delegates, M. W. Eves, S. L. Hogan.
Mendocino— Commitieemaii, N*. H. Harrpan,
Delegates, X. H. Harman, Dr. G. S. Brown, G.
K. McMath, Thrush.
Merced— Committeeman, Curtis H. Castle.
Delegates, James F. Peck, W. J. Stockton, John
Swan, F. W. Yoakum.
Monterey — Committeeman, M. L. Dexter.
Delegates, J.E. Gallaway. D. E. Lander, M. L.
Landrum. D. C. McKinsey.
Modoc— Committeeman, William Thompson.
Delegates, J. P. Harter, A. E. Boyle, Ennias
Wilkinson.
Madera — Delegates, W\ T. Searles, J. W.
Greeney, C. H. Cobb.
' Nevada— Delegate, C. F. JleGlashan.
Orange— Committeeman, E. D. Cooke. Dele
gates, E. D. cooke, C. G. Etlinger, C. F. Ben
nett, J. D. Beach.
Placer— Committeeman, Chris RunckeL Del
egates, F. S. Gladding, G. A. Deiter, J. G. El
dred, J. L. Stokes, William Miner.
Riverside— Committeeman, L. H. Edmiston.
Delegates, William McCool, L. C. Russell, B.
W. Tarwater.
Sacramento— Committeemen, J. E. Camp, L.
M. Landsborough. Delegates— Twentieth Dis
trict, J. H. McKune, Dr. George Pyburn, Dr.
W. H. Henderson; Twenty-first District, A.
Dittmar, T. H. Waterland, H. W. Wood; Twen
ty-second District, Joseph Heintz, J. A. Hunter, !
Peter Schulp, John A. Simons.
San Bernardino — Committeeman, Z. B. Stu- \
art. Delegates, B. G. Burdick. E. E. Duncan
son, Elmer Melton, Hugh Percy, George Pow
ers, Willfam Perm Rogers.
San Diego— Committeeman, A. D. Dunn,
Delegates, James L. Dryden, Jesse Gilmore,
Amos L. Grigsby, H. M. Peters, Isaac D. Snede.
car, J. H. White, Ranford Worthing.
San ' Francisco — Committeemen: George D.
Gillespie, J. C. Gore, C. H. Johnson, T. H.
Porter, J. D. Thompson. Delegates— E. S. Bar
ney, J. A. Anthony, F. L. Brown, V. G. Bair, T.
V. Cator, Dr. G. W. Daywalt, Joseph Fassler,
W. J. Greer, Dr. W. H. Griswold, Burnett G.
Haskell, C. M. Harris, Thomas Howard, F. X.
Holcner, H. Hupfort, J. A. Johnson, W. A.
Lewis, L. P.' Mathews, Theo Pfund, J. K. Phil
lips. C. F. Peck, F. W. Schell, A. W. Thompson,
F. M. Tuley, W. E. Walker.
San Joaquin— Committeeman, E. G. Wil
liams. Delegates— J. L. Martin, D. M. Pease, J.
Gilgirt, E. N. Pierce, F. J. Verdon.
San Luis Obispo— Committeeman, C. A. Bar
low. Delegates— C. H. Arnold, J. K. Barnett,
Mark Elberg, F. A. Krill, J. V. Webster.
Santa Barbara — Committeeman, J. Morgan.
Delegates— W. B. Gray, A. M. Powell, J. A.
Wilcox.
Santa Clara — Committeeman, H. A. Mason.
Delegates— E. E. Cochran, J. W. Hines. R. Hatt,
G. W. James, J. J. Shaner. Massey Thomas Jr.,
J. R. Welch, M. W. Wilkins.
San Benito— Delegates: G. S. Nash, Y. M.
Roberts, John Thomas.
Santa Cruz— Committeeman, J. C. Drew.
Delegates— F. Aldrich, H. F. Britton, A. S.
Hicks, J. T. McKean, W. V. Prlngle, L. F. Smith.
Shasta— Committeeman, M. E. Dittmarr.
Delegates— Joseph E. Bell, D. N. Cunningham,
Leon Leighton, W. W. McGuire, J. M. C.
Murphy.
Siskiyou — Committeeman, W. A. SLarpe.
Delegates, W. R. Davis, Charles McGee, E. B.
Russell.
Solano— Committeeman, Matt Clarken. Dele
gates. D. F. Parker, Samuel Stewart, G. E. Wag
goner.
Sonoma— Committeeman, J. W. Eeegan. Del
egates, W. O. Griggs, E. G. Furber, A. W. Hor
wega, F. W. Hescker, Jonathan Roberts, W. P.
Bafiley.
Stanislaus— Committeeman, P. A. Peterson.
Delegates, Louis Rasmussen, J. F- Snyder,
William Tregea.
Butter— Committeeman, J. H. Wilde. Dele
gates, W. E. Brown, H. C. Duckworth.
Tehama — Committeeman, F. Houghton. Del
egates, F. C. Barker, R. H. Bierce, J. A. Gaylor,
S. B. Strawn.
Tulare — Committeeman, A. W. Mathewson.
Delegates, H. F. Brey, W. H. Gilstrap, C. M.
Lumveau, George P. Manchester, J. R. Iteed,
J. W. Thomas.
Ventura — Committeeman, Henry Kelsey.
Delegates, J. fi. Alvord, J. A. Con way, J. M.
Sharp.
Yolo— Commltteeman, J. R. Mitchell. Dele
gates, T. A. Gallop, C. W. Hatcher, J. W. Mc-
Donald.
Yuba— Committeeman, George M. Man well.
Delegates, William G. Murphy, William B.
Vineyard, R. P. Stager.
No returns have yet been received from
the following twelve counties: Alpine,
Amador, Del Norte, Mono, Napa, Plunias.
San Mateo, Sierra, Sutter, Trinity and
Tuolumne. Including the committeemen
these counties are entitled to an aggregate
of 44 delegates.
Santa Barbara has a contestinc, delega
tion and the expectation is that both dele
gations will be seated and each member
given half a vote. The contestants are J.
A. Wilcox, R. H. Fulweileiv J. W. Stark
weather and J. Bradley.
the Sev-
Santa Barbara's contesting delegations
will probably settle their trouble by seat
ing all the members present of both dele
gations, as they will just suffice to make
up the quota to which that county is en
titled. Late to-nigrht Dr. Castle of Merced
was talsed of as a candidate for the chair
manship of the convention.
SEW TO-DAY.
Keep
Your
Shirt
On
If it's a STANDARD Shirt ;
if not take it off and buy a
Standard at once — then
you'll know what
shirt comfort i'T.rtr'ln
All dealers.|J"*^
All dealers. V 1)
Here's the Trade N J>.
Mark on every j " ARK -
one. GobythatyjUpU ■.
♦ >MMMHHIMMMM>I»M»MM»MtMMMIIM •«««•>«•■»!
X • OFFICE or
t ELACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY.
_ IBM ■; DURHAM, N. C.
■Pa ATT Dear Sir:
In HI.!. You are entitled to receive
AH llijy FREE from your wholesale dealer,
■ • HUH white STAR SOAP with all
■ ■ the
nflA**ltAn&£t BlackwelTs Genuine
irlOrCH&uys Durham Smoking
f "■" TobaCCO you buy. One bar
W9l Bfet ■ a a of soap Free with each pound,
TTf I* -TJ A JLw «1 whether 16 oz., 8 oz., 4 oz., or
Wnfi HPf 81 30Z 'P ackages
1 1 IliU AiG VfcUA We have "otifled every whole-
-11 ™* ■ittllM sale dealer in the United states
•—i^-^-. that we will supply them with soap
WO 1 P Pft «*& you FREE. Orderagood
I I I U O PPn supply of GENUINE DURHAM at
9 ■ I Fin hi I I I once and insist on getting your
Giyisiiyyyß s ° ap - ° ne soap free with
each pound you buy. Soap is
offered for a limited time, so order
to-day. Yours very truly,
I BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
I TOBACCO COMPANY.
Minimi if yooh*T* any difficulty In procarine»oor "~~~
soap, cut out this notice and sand It with '•"»"»»
your order to your wholesale deajcr.
not lost Don't for a moment
not lost think of giving up in ■
wot' lost despair,.^ Your posi-
BttS i-ost tion is certainly a bad
not lost one yes, you nat^^
NOT LOST ura ily feel blue, anu*>
not lost because some one
not lost failed to cure you,
not lost you believe there is
not lost no hope for you.
NOT LOST \'\'"'
NOT LOST Don't
NOT LOST , 1/1/ II I)
NOT LOST #
kotmst Despair.
NOT LOST *
not lost j , yQU &re sufferillg
not lost from Nervous De-
not lost bility, Neurasthenia,
not lost Spermatorrhoea, In-
not lost amm ation of the
not lost bladder, Enlargement
I not lost .o f the Prostate Gland,
I not lost Sterility, Failing Pow-
not lost ers, Drains, Losses or *
not lost Exhaustion of Nerve
not lost Force
NOT LOST
NOT LOST |"'"jjr "11" " ":
>ot lost ; x he rower I
NOT LOST ; ;
NOT LOST
not lost that will surely help
not lost you is the great
NOT LOST
== HDDYAN
NOT LOST
not lost Hundreds have been k
not lost cured by the grea A
not lost Hudyan. It is the
not lost one grand, certain
not lost specific for these deli- '
not lost cate troubles. If you
not lost are suffering from
not lost Varicocele, Hydro-
not lost cc i e> an affection of
not lost the Bladder, Gleet,
not lost stricture, you ought
not lost to learn . about the
not lost great Hudyan. Call
not lost or wr it e for
NOT LOST
NOT LOST ; * »
not lost : Proofs : .
NOT LOST j Of :
NOT LOST : „ ■■'' '••' .
not lost I Great Ilndyan |
not LOST • Free. :
NOT LOST !•••••••••■••••• ••••••#•••••»•••
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
PEREMPTORY AUCTIOK SALE!
WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896,
AT 18 O'CLOCK NOON,
SAN FRANCISCO
Pioneer Woolen Factory
Without Limit or Reserve.
Seven 50-Vara Lots at the head of
Van Ness Avenue, opposite the
Black Point Reservation.
Three Brick and one Frame Build-
ing.
One Four -Story Brick Factory
Building. 64x383 feet.
KW Send or Call for Circular with all
details and description.
SHAINWILD, BUGKBEE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS,
218-220 Montgomery St.
MILLS BUILDING.
§Jf 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECTAL.TY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLTTD-
ing all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dig-
pases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
; reasonable. Office Hours. 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evenlntjs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. »os«:oe BaMIIUri, St. 0..
J6'< Henrny Street, San Francisco, Cal.SENATOR BERRY
FOR SAN PEDRO
Talks Plainly Against the
Santa Monica Appro
priation.
AS TO GREED AND GAIN
"Better Dump the Three Millions
in the Pacific Ocean,"
He Exclaims.
CAFFREY AGREES WITH HIM.
Vest and Frye Eulogize Huntington,
the Latter in a Long, Un
finished Speech.
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 11.-The
Senate had another copious dose of San
Pedro and Santa Monica to-day. Three of
the members of the Committee on Com
merce who opposed the amendment of
fered by the chairman of the committee
(Frye), designating Santa Monica as the
place for a deep-sea harbor in California —
Senators Berry of Arkansas, Vest of Mis
souri and Caffrey of Louisiana — submitted
remarks against the amendment, wbich
Berry described as a most unjustifiable
and inexcusable attempt to overrule pub
lic sentiment and to appropriate money in
the interest of private greed and private
gain.
"It would be better," exclaimed Berry,
"to dump this three millions in the Pacific
Ocean than to let the country know this
Senate is ready to override the army en
gineers and public sentiment in the inter
est of private greed and private gain."
Vest (D.), another member of the Com
mittee on Commerce, said he was unable
to appreciate the immediate necessity of
expending $3,000,000 either at San Pedro
or Santa Monica. He did not take any
stock in the abuse of Mr. Huntington be
cause he was a railroad president and rich
'man. Mr. Huntington had at least given
evidence of his sincerity in favor of Santa
Monica by giving up an investment of
nearly a million dollars at San Pedro.
After his subordinates had spent about
$900,000 in building a wharf and tracks at
. s an Pedro he concluded to examine the
matter himself, and had determined that
his company had selected the wrong place.
He had to have a harbor for his steamers
and had gone up the coast and found
Santa Monica and had spent a million
dollars there, leaving the investment at
San Pedro almost a total loss.
There were two questions, Vest said
before the Senate. The first was, Was
there an immediate necessity for the pro
posed investment? He came to a conclu
sion that there was not. The Government
■was not now in the presence of an over
flowing treasury, but a treasury whose
condition would necessitate in a few
months the issuance of bonds to meet the
ordinary expenses of the Government.
"Timrtunately. Mr. Huntington was a
political factor in California, where the
test of a man's fitness for office was
whether he was for Huntington or against
Huntinaton. and in that condition of
public sentiment there he would not make
the appropriation at this time.
Vest went on to argue that with the ex
penditure of $392,000 in continuing the im
provements at San Pedro there would be a
depth of eighteen feet in that harbor at
low water, and of twenty-three or twenty
four feet at high tide: that the largest
■ ships could float there, and that that would
meet all the expenses of the improvement
at present and in the future.
Discussing the amendment offered by
White (D.) of California, providing for an
other committee. Vest said he would not
have an engineer officer on it, because
with General Craie Hill as chief engineer
of the army that officer would be bound in
courtesy to his support not to take an an
tagonistic position to him. He would
therefore sutrgest a commission consisting
of an officer of the coast survey, an officer
of the navy and a civilian engineer. He
closed his speech with an expression of the
hope that he would never again hear of
Santa Monica or San Pedro.
White (D.) of California said that he
was perfectly willing to have the matter
submitted to an impartial board. All he
wanted was that some authority would
pass upon the question before it was voted
upon.
Caffrey based his argument on the re
ports of the two boards of army engineers,
and was reminded in that connection of
the success of the Eads scheme for deep
ening the approach to New Orleans in
spite of the adverse views of army engi
neers.
£ rye, chairman of the committee, com
menced the task of answering all the ob
jections to the committee amendment,
and in doing so eulogized C. P. Hunting
ton, who had been mentioned aa a politi
cal factor in California, where a man's
chances for nomination for office depended
upon the fact of whether he was for or
apainst Huntington.
Before he began his speech he had a
large diagram of Santa Monica Bay and
its surroundings spread out on the carpet
in the area and two other smaller dia
grams displayed on each side. He pro
ceeded to explain the various points shown
on the diagram and to state their connec
tion with tbe pending question. He spoke
of the opposition to Santa Monica coming
from the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Pc
Railroad Company, which had been rain
ing telegrams upon the Senators for the
last ten day?, and said the only reason he
could see was that it was the remains of an
old fight, by which that company had lost
ten or twelve million dolUrs.
Frye agreed with Vest that he was tired
of the San Pedro and Santa Monica ques
tion. He spoke somewhat contemptuously
of the attitude of the people of Los An
poles on the subject. He declared that he
uouli rather have the kindly regard of
Senators and thtir confidence than all the
support of all the railroads and railroad
men on the face of the earth and all the
money they possessed.
"The Los Angeles Times," Frye said,
" said that if I succeeded in getting
Santa Monica received as a harbor my
pockets would be lined with gold. What
a happy way they have (addrensing
•White of California) of talking of public
men in your State. What high estimates
they make of us. I thank a kind Provi
dence that ever since my mother put the
first pocket into my pantaloons it has been
just as well lined with gold from that day
to this as my modest necessities ever
required."
Hill suggested jocularly that the Repub
lican Convention recently held in Cali
fornia had declared for silver.
"Very likely it did," said Frye, "and
against railroads."
Frye then read an extract from White's
speech, speaking of "the greed ol one
man,' meaning Huntington, and com
mented upon it as "a little bit of the
slogan of the sand lots and of the Golden
Gate whenever the name of Huntington is
conjured to frighten babies and whene ver
it is used oy demagogues to make the
knees of the weak-kneed politicians trem
ble." [Laughter.]
"And yet," he continued, "that one
man, the Senator admits, is building up a
great commerce coming to the finest wharf
in the whole world. But if that man is
building up that great commerce is he not
entitled to have a harbor into which that
commerce will come just as much as if it
were built up by twenty different men?
Is Mr. Huntington to be excluded from all
the benefits of legislation ? If he succeeds
in establishing a great line of ships from
China and Japan and pouring their
products into Santa Monica Bay.where it is
taken and landed in New Orleans as cheap
ly as it is to-day carried from San Vran
cisco to Ogden, and where it is then taken
on board his great line of twenty steamers
to New York for one-fifth the cost of
freight from Ogden to New Yorfc by rail,
is he to be punished for it? Is he entitled
to the reprobation of tbe Senate ? Is he
to be summoned up as the ghost to
frighten Senators out of Toting as their
consciences dictate? If that is the course
to be pursued we must reform this river
and harbor bill. We must change it en
tirely. We must strike out quite a num
ber of items in it.
"Take the appropriation for Newport
News. There was the Chesapeake and
Ohio, dead as a duck, an utter wreck,
when this man Huntington took it.
He brought it to life and with
his courage and his indomitable en
ergy he built one ot the finest roads in
this country from Cincinnatti to Newport
News. And today it is carrying more
corn than any other line on this earth.
Cut out the appropriation for Newport
News, because Huntington built up tbe
Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. That is
the appeal.
"Take another thing. We have been
helping great shipyards by giving them
contracts for building vessels, and I am
glad we did. We have been giving large
contracts to the Bethlehem and to Carne
gie, and have been giving them a chance
to establish their plant as a good thing to
do. But there was a quiet man in the
United States who did not call upon the
United States for any help. Nobody in
this Senate knew what was going on at
Newport News.
"One day I received an invitation to go
and witness a ship-launching at Newport
News. I had not known that there was a
shipyard there. I went there and saw a
great iron ship married to the ocean. It
had been built in the finest shipyard in the
world, equipped with all conceivable
modern machinery, at a cost of $6,000,000.
There Mr. Huntington employs thousands
of men who have been pledged to support
and educate their families and to build
themselves homes. And for the next half
century that yard is going to support
these men and their children. And Hun
tington did it.
"Oh, cut out the appropriation for New
port News. He ought not to have it. Hun
tington ought to be punished for building
a shipyard, which is to-day underbidding
every shipyard in America in building the
great warships of the country.
"Cut out of the bill the appropriation
for Newport News, with its great line of
steamers, and the appropriations for New
Orleans, with its twenty steamers to New
York. Oh (bitterly), it is too paltry. It
is too paltry to undertake to stop legisla
tion with that cheap demagogical cry that,
because Huntington has done it, therefore
no help must be given to Huntington.
"He employs 75,000 men and pays them
their wages when due. I know of an in
stance where a railroad was an utter
wreck, owing its laborers $500,000. Mr.
Huntington put his hand in his pocket,
gave the $500,000 to the railroad (wreck as
it was) to enable it to pay its workmen,
and then he took that wrecked road and
with his energy brought it up to life and
activity and value."
After Frye had been speaking for over
an hour with great force and energy he
beean to show signs of fatigue and readily
yielded to a suggestion of White that he
• should finish his argument to-morrow.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland gave notice of
an amendment which he intended to offer
to the river and harbor bill, limiting the
expenditures for any one year to $10,000,
-000.
The bill then w«»ntover and the calendar
of private pension bills was taken up.
After about a dozen were passed further
progress was blocked by an attempt of
Allen (P.) of Nebraska "to have a second
pension case engrafted on a bill giving a
pension to the mother of an officer, and
at 5:35 the Senate adjourned until to-
morrow.
■ •*—
IN THE HOLSE
The Day Occupied in Transacting Mis
cellaneous Business.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May IL-Mis
cellaneous business was the order in the
House to-day. The following bills were
passed: Extending for two years the
period within which the Denison and
Northern Railroad may build its line
through Indian Territory; authorizing
tbe Denver. Cripple Creek and Southwest
ern Railroad Company to construct its line
through the South Platt Creek forest reser
vation In Colorado; granting right of way
over public lands in Colorado and Wyo
ming, except Yellowstone Park, for oil
pipelines; authorizing the Flagstaff and
Crown River Company to baild its line to
Grand Forest reservation, Arizona, and
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue and enforce regulations for the
safety of passenger excursions at any
regatta or yacht race on the navigable
waters of the United States.
At a preliminary conference the report
on the Indian appropriation bill was agreed
to and another conference ordered on the
items still in dispute.
The resolutions of Elections Committee
No. 1. declaring John W. Maddox (D.) to
be entitled to the seat occupied by him as
Representative from the Seventh District
of Georgia, contested by W. H. Felton
(Fusion), was presented, and being the
unanimous report of the committee it was
agreed to.
The rest of the day was devoted to the
consideration of the District of Columbia
appropriation bills, and at 5:10 p. m. the
House adjourned.
The Output of Sugar.
BJSKLiJrx, ueemasv, may 11.— Tbn
Reichstag, by a vote of 133 to 107, adopted
a proposal to fix the output of sugar dur
ing the coming year at 17,000,000 double
centners.
Minister to Washington.
LONDON, Eng.. May 11.— A Constanti
nople dispatch stales that Mustapha Bey,
Under Secretary of the Foreign Ministry,
has been appointed Turkish Minister at
Washington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
CAPTURES THE
KENTUCKY OAKS
Souffle Wins a Big Race
at the Louisville
Track.
ALLEGRA IS CRIPPLED.
Jockey Walker Causes a Bad
Collision and Is Set Down
for the Meeting.
TAME EVENTS AT SHEFFIELD.
At the Other Courses Backers of
Favorites Favored by Very
Good Lack.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May IL— The Ken
tucky Oaks, one of the most important of
the Louisville stakes, was the attraction
to-day and drew a large attendance. A
hailstorm prevailed during the first race
and left a sloppy track. In the Kentucky
Oaks they got off head and head ; but as
they passed the stand Tommy Walker,
riding Elsie D on the outside, bore over on
the bunch, knocking Allegra down. Fortu
nately Perkins, her jockey, was not seri
ously hurt. Walker was set down for the
remainder of the meeting. Four out of
five favorites won. Judge Clark to-day
consented to reinstate Eddie Cassin.
Five furlongs, Ethel Lee won, Red second,
La Princessa third. Time, I :O2J£.
Six and a half furiongs, Joe Thaver won,
Fretful second, Captain Drane third. Time,
One mile and a furlong, handicap, Simon W
won, Rev del Jlar second. The Dragon third.
Time. 1 :58^.
One and a sixteenth miles, Kentucky Oaks,
Souffle won, Myrtle Hawkins second, La Gas
cogne third. Time, 1 :54^.
Six and a half furlongs. Hanlon won, Oracle
second, Sir Dilke third. Time, 1 :24.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., May 11.— Three favor
ites, two second selections and a 6 to 1 shot
won to-day. The starting: machine, a rub
ber gas-hose, was a success and the starts
were all prompt and fair. Attendance, 3000.
Six furlongs. Sycamore won, Siddubia sec
ond, Bravo third. Time lrie l^.
Four and a half furlongs, Scribe won, Albion
second, Tin Cup third. Time. :56'£.
Five furiongs, Maid of Honor won, Fannie
Rowena second, Hush third. Time, 1 :03^.
Five furlougs, Tartarian won, George F.
Smith second, Dorah Wood third. Time,
L.-Olfg.
Six nirlongs, Neutral won, Ellen second, Fa-
Big third. Time, 1:10$.
sseven furlongs, Flying Dntchman won, Sir
Play second, Vassal third. Time, 1 :28l$.
CHICAGO, 111., May 11.— The racing at
Sheffield to-day was rather tame, all the
events being won rather easily. California
and Chenille were the only winning favor
ites.
Five furlongs, Minerva won, Lollie Easton
second, Running Bird third. Time, I :o.'!'i.
Four furlongs, Chenille won, Marie C second,
Siegfried third. Time, :sO«^.
Six furiongs, Anna Mayer won, Merry Mon
arch second, Glenold third. Time, 1:15^.
Five and a half furlongs, California won,
Jennie June second, Ardath third. Time.
Beteo furlongs, Japonlca won, Mandolin*
second, Mrs. Morgan third. Time, 1:20;.,'.
One mile, Constant won, Longdalc second,
Pat Mallny Jr. third. Time, 1:42.4.
AQUEDUCT, N. V., May 11. — The
spring meeting of the Queen's County
Jockey Club closed here to-day. The
backers of favorites fared well, as a num
ber of them led their fields to victory.
One mile, Chugnut won, Phoebus second
Honolulu third. Ti;ne. 1 :4;* s i.
Half a mile. Sparkler won, Ihspenser second
Lawrence P third. Time, :50.
One mile, Eclipse won, Congdon second
Roynl II third. Time. 1 :46.
Half a mile, Loyal Etti won, Brightin second
Nanah third. Time, :50.
Six furlongs, Septour won. The Native sec
ond, Lady Greenway third. Time, 1:15.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
! Fine Playing Between the Chicago and
Boston Teams.
CHICAGO, 111., May 11.— Harrington's
home run over the left field fence tied the
: score in the ninth inning to-day, after a
game that was replete with fine playing.
j In the last half of the inning, however,
j Harringtons wild throw to first, after two
; men had been retired, gave Everitt a
i chance, and Dahlen rapped out a double
jto center and the game was won. Score:
! Chlcatros 1105 1010*— 4 10 2
Bostons 100000002— 3 4 6
Batteries— Friend and Klttredge; Nichols and
Ryan. Umpires— and Weidman.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 11.— Cuppy
held the heavy hitting from Philadelphia
I down to two hits until the eighth inning,
I when they got on to his delivery and
i pounded out nine runs, eight of which
I were earned. Score: , .
neve-lands. 00200000 o—2 12 2
Philadelphia 00 1000 03e— 10 12 3
Batteries — Cnppy and' Zimmer; Carsey and
Boyle. • Umpire— Lynch. •.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 11.—Threaten
ing weather, combined < with . showers
which fell about two hours, kept to-day's
attendance down to 1000. The game was
one-sided, the locals finding no trouble in
batting McJames when they pleased.
Score :
I Cincinnati 0 600 20 — 10 11 1
j Washington* 003000000—2 7 3
; Batteries— Forman and Peitz; McJames and
McAuley. Umpire— Flu nit, \
, ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 11. — The Balti
mores took a hard-fought game to-day by
; superior batting. Cross is. now captain of
the Browns. Latham and Niland are on
the bench and Yon der Abe is manager.
Score:
Baltimore. ..-3 00000010-4 6 2
Bt. Louis. 00001152*— 9 2 3
Batteries— Breltensteln and * MrFnrland; Mc-
Mohon and Robinson. » Umpire—
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 11.— Pittsburg
hit the bail to-day at the right time, while
New York made its errors at the same, and
in ! consequence the home team won. It
was i an, uninteresting game despite the
closeness of the score. Clarke pitched what
might be called "lazy" ball. Attendance
1200. Score:
I'iltsbiires. 200 10 10 5—4 12 1
New Yorks 000 10 10 o—2 6 4
r Batteries— Klllen ana Sagden; Clarke and Wil
son. Umpire— Sheridan. . /
♦
— —»■•'
Iloth Hadly Punished.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., May 11.-James
J. Corbett refereed a five-round glove con
test to-night in this city between Billy
Layton and Biily Smith. The fight was
for fifteen rounds and was won
by Layton in the fifth rouna, aiter
two rounds of terrific slugging. Both men
received considerable punishment, and
Smith was completely exhausted and un
able to ri.su afier being knocked down in
the fifth round.
Craig Defeats rtuggnn.
LONDON, Enc, May 11.— The match
between Craig, the "Coffee Cooler," and
Duggan of Australia, fora purse of $1500,
was fought to-night at the National Sporl
ine Club. Craig won in the twelfth round.
Forced Into Insolvency.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 11.— Edward
Conroy Jr., engaged in the general mer
chandise and ship chandlery business, filed
proceeding in insolvency 'to-day for the
benefit of his creditors. He was president
of the Independent Cotton Oil Company
and had indorsed the paper of the com
pany for about $300,000. Its continued
losses brought about his failure. The
house was established many years ago by
Mr. Conroy Sr. Liabilities, $445,875; as
sets, probably $287,000.
AN IRISH BARON'S FUNERAL
So Thoroughly American That He Never
Wore His Title, Preferring to Be
Called Plain "Mr. Tighe."
NEW YORK, N. V., May 11.— The first
funeral in many years that has taken
place from a house in Union square was
held Saturday from the residence of the
late Senator Richard Tighe. The only
dwelling-house left in the famous square is
No. 32, where Sir Richaid Tighe. or Mr.
Tighe, as he insisted on being called, had
lived alone for years. The funeral was
strictly private and only a few friends
were present.
Richard Tighe was a son of an Irish
Baronet. He was born in Ireland in 180(>
jand was educated at Trinity College,
Dublin. He came to America when 32
years old, and after going into business,
married Miss Caroline Chesebrough, who
died in 189 L He was a brother-in-law of
the late Robert Chesebrough, Nicholas
Stuyvesant and Phillip Kearney.
Tighe was a director in the Manhattan
Fire Insurance Company for many years.
When he passed his eightieth year he re
tired from active business and lived a
quiet, unostentatious life in the old
fashioned red brick house at East Six
teenth street and Fourth avenue. His figure
was a well-known one in the neighbor
hood. When he became ill last Wednes
day there was little hope that he would
recover, as he was 90 years old.
Tighe had lived so long in this country
and his sympathies were so thoroughly
American that when the title came to him
at his elder brother's death it bad little
meaning, and he preferred to be known
simply as "Mr. Tigbe."
The Cruixer Brooklyn.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER, Dkl.,
May 11.— The new cruiser Brooklyn went
to tea shortly after 9 o'clock this morning
for her builders' trial trip, and proceeded
directly off shore about seventy-five miles
to deep water. The run was "made under
forced draught and consumed about three
hours, during which time the cruiser de
veloped a speed of 21.07 knots an hour,
which is equivalent to 24 statute miles.
The weather conditions for the trial were
perfect.
SCOTT JACKSON'S TRIAL
Scathing Arraignment of the
Prisoner by the Prosecuting
Attorney.
The Court's Instructions to the Jury
Construed to Be Against the
Defendant.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 11.— To-day's
feature of the trial of Scott Jackson was
the scathing arraignment of the prisoner
by Colonel Gilson of the prosecution.
Colonel Gilson's speech was bitter in de
nunciations. He began with tbe story of
Pearl Bryan's birth and parentage, spoke
of the simplicity of her surroundings and
her quiet country life. He then spoke of
her meeting with Jackson, whom he char
acterized as a much-traveled man of the
world. When he came to Jackson's mnet
ing with the simple country girl and his
admissions on the stand, in the presence
of the dead girl's mother and relatives,
that he had had improper relations with
her, he fairly flayed the prisoner, and
pointing his finger at Jackson, while his
voice trembled and his frame shook with
pent-up passion, he exclaimed:
"This man won that gir!. She looked
upon him as a god, for so lovers seem, but
he proved a demon."
The speaker recounted how Jackson
threw Pearl Bryan's trinkets into the
river. "But that valise," cried Colonel
Gilflon, as he shook the bloody satchel
within a foot of Jackson's face, "that
valise had an electric touch, and he could
not let go of it."
At several points in his speech Colonel
Gilson appealed to the jurors by name, and
twice put questions to Attorney Crawford.
He went into an analysis of tbe evidence,
scoring Witness Truest and others of the
defendant's witnesses, making light of the
medical experts.
He concluded by declaring that the de
fendant had been guilty of seduction, mur
der, mutilation of a dead body and rob
bery. He spoke for about five hours, and
at 5 o'clock the court adjourned until
Tuesday. Colonel Crawford will then
speak.
The instructions to the jury given by
the court this morning are very volum
inous, and are generally construed to be
against the prisoner.
VIGOROUS ACTION
MAY BE REQUIRED
Continued from Flrtt Page.
rebels were dislodged from the strong posi
tion occupied by them. They left sixteen
dead on the field.
The troops then attacked a rebel forti
fied position and dislodged tbe insurgents,
who lost twenty-seven killed. They car
ried their wounded with them on the re
treat. The Spaniards lo3t in all the en
gagements one officer and four soldiers
killed.
Insurgents attacked the forts guarding
the town of Artemisia, but were repulsed
Colonel Solomayor reports that he met
the rebels led by Lazo brothers, who
were encamped near Remates. A hot
tight ensued, which resulted in the defeat
of the insurgents, twenty being killed.
The Spanish loss was one killed and three
wounded.
Manerto Romero, a rebel leader, has been
sentenced to death atCienfuegos.
Ygnacio Vart, convicted of rebellion and
incendiarism, was shot this morning at
Matanzas.
CONFERS WITH CASTILLO
Minister Taylor Hrars of the Plaint of
Wevler.
MADRID, Sr-AiN, May 11.— Prime Min
ister Castillo had a lengthy conference to
day with the Hon. Hannis Taylor, the
American Minister, on the subject of the
Cuban filibusters. The result of the con
ference is not known. It is reported that
o Moral Wcyler has cabled that it will be
impossible for him to conduct the cam
paign in Cuba in the manner the condi
tions require if the Spanish officials are to
be hampered at pvery turn by the irritat
ing interference of the United States. It
is also said that the United States has
again urged the payment of indemnities to
Americans whose canefields have been
burned by the insurgents.
EQUALITY AMONG
THE METHODISTS
Record of the General Con
ference on the Race
Question.
HINT TO THE HOTEL MEN
A Change Is Made in the Day
for Holding the Church
Elections.
THE FOUR HEW BISHOPRICS.
An All-Absorbing Topic — Speculations
as to Candidates— Talk of
Dark Horses.
CLEVELAND, 0., May 11.-The Metho
dist General Conference put itself on record
on the race question this morning by
adopting a resolution introduced by Dr.
Monroe, endorsing the treatment that the
Cleveland hotels had accorded to all dele
gates regardless of color, and demanding
that wherever it was decided to hold the
conference in future, a guarantee be ob
tained of equal treatment.
The committee on fraternity and union
of the Methodist church, appointed four
years ago, was required to report at once.
The fact that the standing committees had
not reported yet almost brought the con
ference to a stop, and a recess was taken.
During the recess Dr. Graw and Dr.
Lanahan hatched up a scheme to have the
elections occur this week. Accordingly
Graw moved to reconsider the vote of last
week by which May 18 was fixed as elec
tion doy. It was finally decided to begin
the elections on Thursday.
An attempt to deal a blow at Dr. Buck
ley of New York, who is a candidate for
the episcopate, was made by the Rev. Dr.
William Knight of California, asking that
all that part of the speech of Dr. Buckley
which referred to the lack of enough spir
itual backbone in the conference delegates
to properly spend Sunday if the elections
were held on Monday be stricken from the
record. The conference almost unani
mously tabled the resolution.
The all-absorbing topic afier the confer
ence adjourned was the four new bishop
rics which it is proposed to form. The
change of the date of voting has made the
campaign a lively one. The change, which
Dr. Buckley supported, comes with the
announcement that the doctor has decided
not to allow his name to be presented to
the conference as a candidate.
Four years ago at Omaha Earl Cranston
of the Western Book Concern wns asked
by a committee if he would wit hdraw from
the book concern with a view to being
elected Bishop.
At that time he refused, but now he is
of another mind. He would accept the
elevation to the episcopacy with alacrity
and it must be admitted that he has con
siderable strength.
Chaplain C. C. McCabe is another possi
bility who has developed considerable
strength within the last forty-eight hours.
The chaplain is popular and his strength
lies among the friends of every candidate
before the conference.
In regard to Dr. J. W. E. Bo wen, the
colored candidate, the situation is still un
changed and probably will remain so.
But there are two men whose names
have not yet appeared in public in con
nection with the elections whose chances
compare favorably with any of the avowed
candidates. They are Dr. John Hamilton of
New England, secretary of the Freedman's
Aid Society, and Dr. H. J. Jackson of
Chicago. It is the old case of the bringing
forward of a dark horse, and Jaikson is
the dark horse around whom the Western
and Central States will rally.
ALLISON WILL
NOT WITHDRAW
I Continued from Tint Page.]
day. The only contest was between the
old-line Republicans and the American
Protective Association, the latter making
a hght against the indorsement of Sena
tors Mantle and Carter and Congressman
Harter, because of their views on the In
dian appropriation bill. The test vote
came a motion to seat the contesting anti-
A. P. A. delegation from Granite and the
A. P. A. men were defeated by a vote of
197 to 104, showing a majority of 93 against
the secret political organization.
Resolutions were then adopted com
mending the action of Senators Teller,
Dubois, Cannon, Mantle and Carter on the
silver question and "demanding the res
toration of silver to its ancient money
function as a means of equalizing the dif
ference in wages and the cost of living."
Bimetallism, protection and reciprocity
were the three cardinal principles of Re
publican faith, and a declaration was made
for the free coinage of gold and silver at a
ratio of 16 to 1 independently by the United
States.
The Democratic administration was de
nounced for its efforts to foist upon the
country its twin factors of cheapness— free
trade and the ecld standard — and for dis
honoring the Nation's flag in Hawaii, re
fusing to recognize Cuba and incurring a
National deot. Efforts were made to in
struct the National delegates to walk out
of the convention in case free silver was
not recognized. McKinley's name was
very coldly received, and the delegates
will go to St. Louis uninstructed.
A CALIFORNIA PRODUCTION.
John Douglass' Candidacy for the Prohi
bition Presidential Nomination.
AKRON, Ohio, May 11.— John C. Doug
lass of this city, a colored lecturer on the
liquor trallic, who is widely known
throughout several Western States, be
lieves he will be indorsed for President by
the Prohibition party which meets at Pitts
burg May 25. He is a mixture of three
races. Ho is well educated, having grad
uated from the State Normal School of
California and has taught school for years,
but is now engaged in the humble vocation
of a hodcarrier. Douglass is of the firm
conviction that he will be triumphantly
elected if nominated.
Railroad selections Approved.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 11.— The
Secretary of the Interior has approved the
following selections of land made by rail
roads: Northern Pacific Railway, 30,133
acres in the Bozeman and Helena laud
districts, Montana; 3665 acres to the same
road in the Vancouver (Wash.) district,
and 638 acres to the Oregon and California
Railway in the Roseburg (Or.) district.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bill* Fasted by the Presidio
Discharge— Pensions. _
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.-The
Senate to-day passed the bill for the relief
of William H. Mahoney of California and
the bill for a life-saving station at Point
Bonita, Cal. These bills go now to the
President.
C. P. Bailey, the Angora goat rancher
of San Jose, who has been here several
days, left for New York to-day.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Frederick Boch, Light Battery F,
Fifth Artillery, now at the Presidio, ' San
Francisco, will be discharged from the ser
vice of the United States on receipt of this
order by the commanding officer of his
station. :
Pacific Coast pensions were issued to-day
as follows:
California: Original— Michael A. Teal,
Riverside. Increase— William Dana, San
Diego.
Oregon: Original— Morris, Grants
Pass. Reissue— George W. Peters, Oak
land.
Washington: Original— Simon W. Scott,
Seattle. -. Original widows; etc— Harriet
Shankiin, mother, Silver Creek.
RIVER STEAMER BLOWN UP
Terrible Explosion and Loss of
Life Near Vicksburg, Miss
issippi.
Of the Thirty Persons on Board Few
Escaped Injury— The Boat Sank
Immediately.
VICKSBURG, Miss., May 11.— Word
reached here this morning that the
steamer Harry Brown was blown up by the
explosion of a boiler fifty miles below here
last night. The boat carries a crew of
thirty roustabouts.
So terrific was the force of the ex
plosion that the boat was torn asunder
and in Jess than five minutes was at
the bottom of the Mississippi. It is
known that the following were killed
outright by the explosion or by drowning:
Pilot Norman Bardsley, the steersman;
William Dougherty, chief engineer; An
nie Herd, chambermaid; Tom Judd, fire
man; William Watson, first mate; Wil
liam Fitzsimmons, second mate, and
George Keim and William Kelley, lamp
trimmers. The bodies of the last three
men were recovered and brought to this
city by the steamer Hansel, which was in
sight of the Brown at the time of the ac
cident.
The survivors and Injured were brought
here on the Hansel. Ihe injured were
conveyed to the Marine Hospital, and are
all in a fair way to recovery. Owing to
the proximity of the Hansel and tbe quick
efforts at rescue many lives were saved
that otherwise would have been lost.
Captain Keim of the Harry Brown, al
though seriously injured, remained on the
afterpart of the cabin of the Brown where
he had been blown by the explosion after
it had floated off the hul', which had sunk.
He was perfectly cool and directed the
efforts of the men who were saving the
boat's crew. The captain does not know
the cause of the explosion. Captain Keim
and Pilot Dan Kane were in the Brown's
pilot-house when the explosion occurred.
Five men were badly injured.
HENRY COYLEN BONNER
Death of the Noted Editor of Puck From
Consumption.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 11.— Henry
Cuyler Bunner died at his home in Nut
ley, N. J., this afternoou from consump
tion. After Mr. Bunner's return from
California, where he went in search of
health, he failed steadily.
Mr. Bunner has been editor of Puck
since 1887, having succeeded the first
editor of that paper within a few months
oi the time the publication was begun.
He was born in Oawego in 1855. About
ten years ago Mr. Bunner married Miss
Learned of New London, a sister of
Walter Learned, a well-known writer.
They have three children, two girls and a
boy.
Mj | JTO.PAT._
One Suit
m - a _ v mm— ii m. „,_■_—!■■■■■■■■■■■■ hi. '
or 100?
No difference the buyer of one suit or even one garment
stands on the same level here with the buyer of a
hundred. The ioo-suit man gets the lowest
wholesale price, which gives him a big profit
if he resells at the retail price. The one-
suit man gets the same price on gar-
ments for his own use, and SAVES
THE PROFIT. A startling state
of affairs, but the money you save
is just like any other money.
Latest Spring" and Summer styles In
Men's Top Coats— Overcoats. $1O
up, to $25, where the retailer *\
would say $13 to $40.
BROWN~^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Alan, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
'■ "-' " -- .'' -•■ ■ . ALL BLUE SIGNS _■-___
LYNCHED IN GUATEMALA.
Telegraph Operator Killed by a
Civil Engineer at Puerto
Barrios.
American Railroad Workmen Taks
the Slayer From Jail and Hang
Him to a Tree.
MEMPHIS, Texn\, May 11.— Four days
apo there were received in this city letters
announcing the hanging by a mob of
Europe Adrian Harper Dewitt of this
city at Puerto Barrios, Guatemala. They
were forwarded by W. J. Clark, who was
located at Montgomery, Ala., to-night.
His story of the affair is as follows:
"On the afternoon of the 28th I went to
the wharf to see about a passage to New
Orleans. The Breakwater had just arrived
from New Orleans and Dewitt came aahore.
"He went with me to my lodging-house.
The next day we went into the telegraph,
office, where Dewitt became involved in a
quarrel with one McNamara, a train
dispatcher on the Ferro Carril del Norte
Railroad. McNamara followed Dewitt out
of the office and struck him a severe blow
in the face. I helped Dewitt up and took
him to the lodging-house, where he
changed his clothing. He told me he
would call his assailant to account."
"Later in the day we returned to the
telegraph office and the quarrel was re
newed. Dewitt suddenly caught McNa
mara by the collar, drew his pistol and
shot him through the head, killing him
instantly. Dewitt surrendered himself to
the authorities, and shortly afterward a
crowd of Americans, mostly mechanics
employed on the railroad, gathered for the
purpose of laking the Jaw into their own
hands. They made an attempt on the
jail, but were repulsed.
"I made my way on board the steamer
Nicaragua, which set sail in a few hours.
When the Nicaragua reached Galveston
we telegraphed to Puerto Barrios and
learned that the mob had made a second
and successful attack on the prison and
Dewitt was taken oat and hanged to a tree."
Dewitt was related closely to the Har*
pers. publisners, of New York, has an
uncle of that name living at Washington,
and was a civil engineer of National repu*
tation.
FOR TRUESOELL'S PARDON
A Quiet but Earnest Movement
to Influence the Governor
of Kansas.
The Names of Many Californians Aro
Looked For to Swell the
Petition.
WICHITA, Kans., May 11.— A quiet
{ but determined movement is going on to
obtain a pardon for Frank H. Truesdell,
who was convicted of passing forged checki
on San Francisco and Pasadena banks,
| and who is now serving a term in the State
j prison. A petition in Truesdell's behalf is
j to be presented to the Governor of Kansas
!at an early date. After his convictiou
I Truesdell stated that he expected that his
late associates in the California Midwinter
! Exposition would exercise influence to
j obtain his freedom. This expectation has
not been realized up to the present time
and unless the names on the petition soon
to be forwarded prove to be those of
Californians it will be developed that the
I unfortunate prisoner is relying on friends
outside of the Pacific Coast to obtain his
i absolution from punishment decreed by
1 the trial court.
Strikers Are Restrained.
KANSAS CITY, May 11.— Judge
Phillips of the Federal court to-night is
sued an injunction restraining the strik
ing firemen of Armour & Co. and the
officers anil men of the Industrial Associa
tion from boycotting Armour & Co.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— The
Treasury lost to-day $2,134,500 in gold, ol
which $2,050,000 was for export This
leavesthe Treasury gold reserve $115,785,
-646.
34
STANFORD MEN
WILL GO EAST
Athletes to Compete in the
Field Events at
Chicago.
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY.
Eight Wearers of the Cardinal
Expected to Capture the
Championship.
RAISING FUNDS FOR THE TOUR
Receipts From the Sale of the Senior
Classbook Generously
Contributed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
11. — Stanford's track team is going East —
at least that is what Track Manager Brown
and Captain George Toombs say. Already
plans have been made which promise
financial success and application has been
made for entry in the Western intercol
legiate championship meet, which takes
place in Chicago on June 6. Not all the
men will co, but eight prize-winners have
been selected whom, it is believed, stand a
good chance of winning a great victory for
Stanford. Those selected are Brunton,
Bernhard, Brown, Dole, Reynolds, Wil
bur, Toombs (captain) and either Frazier,
Jack, Hazzard or Fickert, as may b8 de
cided hereafter by their individual work.
"With this aggregation," said Manager
Brown, "I'm -willing to go against any
like number of men from any college. Of
course I wouldn't expect victory steadily,
but all the contests would be exciting and
we wouldn't be outclassed. With the
Western Intercollegiate Association, of
which Berkeley is now champion, I feel
certain we stand a good show of winning.
We mean to make a good try."
The whole scheme has been kept very
quiet up to this time, as it was uncertain
just what could be done. After Stanford's
virtual victory in the intercollegiate meet
many enthusiasts thought than Stanford
could pick out eight or ten men who could
win most anything and now they are
■willing to help the boys show what they
can do. Three weeks yet remain before
the team will leave and all the men will
go into training at once. Captain Toombs
cays that they will be all the better for
their lay-off, and that they are in fair con
dition now was shown by individual per
formances during the San Jose carnival.
Coaches and rubbers will be obtained at
once and the training-table started. The
estimated cost of the trip will be $1100.
Ten or twelve days will be occupied by the
team in its tour and it will enter but the
one meet.
The scheme which is to furnish the
wherewithal for this venture is due to
Messrs. Hanscom and Colliver, students,
who are issuing the senior claasbook.
Already they have orders enough to pay
the expenses of their undertaking, and as
the sale of the volume promised to be very
large they generously offered to divide
evenly with the track team all volumes
sold over and above those necessary to pay
expenses. The sale is expected to reach
at least 500 copies, which would mean be
tween $700 and $800 to the team. The re
maining amount will be made up by the
men themselves or through plans which
are now being arranged
The senior claesbook is one of the most
elaborate pieces of work ever attempted
by a Western university. It is got up in
large album style, strongly bound in an
engraved cover, witn the senior class
colors — straw, gold and cardinal. The
boon is devoted entirely to photogravures
of interest to Stanford University. It is
to be a souvenir of this institution, and
will contain individual photogravures of
the Stanford family, the university faculty
members, of every member of the senior
class, large group engravings of the
Varsity and class football, baseball and
track teams, and between fifty and sev
enty-five views of the campus, including
views of the quadranele, exterior and in
terior of buildings, Palo Alto, residences
(including Mrs. Stanford's mansion), fra
ternity houses, athletic grounds and snap
shots; also views taken after and during
the recent celebration when the victory in
the great Stanford case was decided.
The Junior Class Annual — the third
book of its kind issued from this univer-
Bity — appeared to-day and nearly 400 copies
were at once disposed of. There has been
a feeling of general anxiety on the part of
the students, for no one knows that he
may not be bit in the "joshes" and
"grinds," and no one can tell just how
severely the sting may affect him. It is
safe to say the "grinds" in the present
volume will cause no hard feeling; none
show the slightest touch of malice, but all
are good-natured and recognized as perti
nent.
This annual, issued by the class of '97, is
superior to any of its predecessors in many
respects. The design on the cover is taste
ful aad unique; the binding itself is in
white, gold and cardinal. One of the most
striking features of the whole work is the
amount and the excellence of the illustra
tions — all tne work of Stanford artists and
chiefly from the class talent. R. K. Cul
ver '97, now of The Call staff, was in
charge of the art work, and his talent is
proved by some of the finest pieces in the
volume. The design of the cover is his
creation. He was assisted by Messrs.
Allen, McCartney, Johnson, Ely and
Hyde ami by the Misses Holly and Mor
ton. Certainly the art work is far superior
to anything ever issued here. There are
no less than three-score full-page engrav
ings and more than a hundred half-page
small cuts.
There are pictures of the board of ed
itors, of nine faculty members, of most of
the fraternities, athletic team and student
organisations, of Stanford's debaters,
literary societies and local scenes from
photographers. Then there are elaborate
foot pieces and head pieces, pen
and-ink sketches ad infinitum. In ton
ing none of the work surpasses Miss
Hoilv's, while Miss Morton's efforts in
the Decadent style and following Beards
ley's innovation are remarkably uood.
Dane Coolidge '98 toofc the prize for the
best short story, while Irving Outcait '96
has the prize poem.
The "Qu:ia" is printed on the highest
grade glazed book paper and contains
nearly 300 pajres.
Edwin Maslin Hulme, the editor-in
chief, was born in London 23 years a*:o,
and came to America at the au;e of 14. In
.Portland, Or., Mr. Hulme became con
nected with the Review as musical and
dramatic critic. His work brought him
into prominence, and his poems, which
be^an to appear about this time, brought
him encouragement from some leading
poets and writers of the day. Mr. Hulme en
tered Stanford three years ago and has been
connected from the first witn the Sequoia,
of which he has just been elected editor
in-chief. Associated with Mr. Hulrae in
the publication of the "Quad" were the
following juniors: Sherrili B. Osborne,
J. H. Timmons, R. J. O'Neil, J. M. Ross,
J. F. Barnett, J. W. Bell and Miss Jessie
A. Ryan. R. H. Spencer was the business
manager. There has been a very heavy
sale of tne book and it will undoub tedly
prove a financial success.
Plans have been drawn, and Resident
Architect Hodges is arranging for the let
ting of the contract for building a large
auditorium here. The building will be a
frame structure, but of expensive con
struction. It will be built with special
reference to its acoustic properties, and
will probably be completed during the
year. Heretofore there has been a great
nee<i of such a building, and this is the
first want to be satisfied. The great stone
chemistry laboratory will next be built,
but, though the contract is let for its con
struction, it will not be begun this year.
When completed, however, it will be the
fin- st building of its kind on the coast.
On Thursday next the 'U6 and '98 class
baseball teams are to settle theclass cham
pionship in a match game, and on Friday
evening tue glee and mandolin clubs are to
give their final concert here.
LOS ANGELES SUFFRAGISTS.
Women Praise " The Call " for Its Ad-
xocneif of their Cause.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 11.— The
campaign work in behalf of the eleventh
amendment to the State constitution,
conferring the right of franchise upon
women, is going forward in all parts of
Los Angeles County. Tne committee
opened headquarters in room 300 of the
Byrne block in this city this afternoon,
where the executive committee will meet
every Monday afternoon. The committee
has offered first and second prizes of $10
and $5 to grammar school pupils of Los
Angeles County for the best essays of 800
words on the question of suffrage, the
essays to be ready for submission on or be
fore July 1.
General Campbell of Kansas will soon
take the stump in California in behalf of
the cause. Mrs. M. T. Maynard, president
of the local committee, goes to Lancaster
to-night to take part in the Woman's Par
liament and Farmers' Institute to-morrow.
This afternoon the follow ng resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the Los Angeles County Suf
frage Campaign Committee, in session, extend
to the San Francisco Call our heartfelt thanks
for its ODportune indorsement and earnest
advocacy ot the eleven tn amendment, and we
pledge it our active support.
VISALIA'S OUTLAW BAND.
Lovren and Ardell to Be Tried
Separately for Train
Robbery.
Under-Sheriff Dasgett Recovers From
the Wound Received in the
Goshen Holi-Up.
VISALIA, Cal., May 11.— Si Lovren and
Charles Ardell were arraigned this morn
ing for complicity in the attempted South
ern Pacific train holdup on March 18,
when Dan McCall was killed by Officers
Daggett and Reed. The reading of the in
formation was waived and the defendants
both pleaded not puilty. District Attor
ney Howard then demanded that, as the
defendants had insisted on separate trials,
the case of Lovren be called first. The
defense demurred to this, but the District
Attorney had the right to designate which
should be tried first, so the order was made.
The next move by the defense was for
time. The prosecution was ready to pro
ceed, but Lovern's attorneys wanted at
least a month in which to make prepara
tions. Judge Gray su.-gestect that both
cases be disposed of before the summer
vacation. They were finally set for June 1.
Under-Sheriff Earl Daggett, who was
wounded by Outlaw McCall, returned to
Visalia on this morning's train from
Tulare. He was accompanied by his
mother and father. A closed carriage
met them at the depot, and as soon as they
dismounted from the train they entered
the carriage and were driven home. Quite
a number of the wounded deputy's friends
were present to welcome him back. Young
Daggett was well wrapped up in a big
overcoat and was looking well. He had a
narrow escape from death.
ARRAIGNED AT STOCKTON.
Mrs. Jennie Vaccaressa Held for the Alleged
Killing of Her Hus
band.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 11.— Mrs. Jennie
Vaccaressa was to-day held to answer in
the Superior Court to the accusation of
having slain her husband by strangula
tion. The charge against the woman was
reduced to manslaughter, bail being fixed
at $5000.
Mrs. Vaccaressa went to the house of a
neighbor named Silva shortly before mid
night on the night of March 31 and told
Silva that a thief had entered the house
and, after robbing her of what little money
she had, turned upon her husband, and
was struggling with him when she left.
Silva at once secured assistance, and, on
going to the Vaccaressa home, found the
husband dead, his body lying near the
front door. About his neck was a rope,
with which he had been strangled.
Mrs. Vaccaressa's stories were so con
flicting and regarded as so flimsy by the
authorities that she was arrested and
charged with the murder of her husband.
To a Call correspondent she started to
tell the story of a fight with her husband,
but was checked by the advice of her
attorney. Her husband frequently beat
her, and on the night he was killed he
had assaulted her, threatening to beat her
to death with a musket that he bad earned
into the bedroom.
Mrs. Vaccaressa's bail is supplied Dy the
wealthiest two men in the county.
SANTA BARBARA INVENTION
Electric Lights Which Do Xot Illuminate
Surrounding Lots.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 11.—Wil
liam Kencaid of this place has obtained a
patent which is destined to mark a great
stride forward in the electric lighting of
city streets. He has devised an ingenious
contrivance to be attached to mast lights
at the intersection of streets, and which
shuts the light off from surrounding lots,
where it is not desired, and sends four
powerful beams, in the nature of search
lights, down the streets.
This invention was successfully tried in
the city before an application fora patent
was sent to Washington, and it was saiisr
fa^torily demonstrated that by the light it
shed fine newspaper print could be road
two blocks distant. Without it, the same
print could witn difficulty be deciphered a
block distant.
S«» Luis Ojtisbo Hold-Up.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 11.— Dr.
J. W. Gregory, a phy ician residing near
San Jose Valley, arrived here late last
l.igbt, and putting his team in a livery
stable started for his town residence, some
distance from the center of the city. When
near home he was met met by a man whom
Le thought was his hired man, but the fel
low proved to be a stranger, who dealt the
doctor two terrific blows behind the ear
with a sandbag. The footpad robbed the
doctor of $55.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
SAD ROMANCE OF
SANTA BARBARA.
Miss Gaty Wedded at the
Bedside of Her Dying
Father.
JOY DIMMED BY DEATH.
The Ceremony Hastened at the
Wish of the Stricken
Parent.
HIS LAST WORD A BLESSING.
Mourning in a Home Which Was to
Have Been a Scene of Gayety
To-Day.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 11.—
There was a marriage and a death in the
Arlington Hotel this evening. The one
event, which Santa Barbara society looked
forward to with expectancy, was saddened
by the other. It was a romantic wedding,
but the touch of the Reaper that made it
j so chilled the romance and left mourning
where there should have been happiness.
For some time past E. W. Gaty, one of
the proprietors of the Arlington, has been
a very sick man. He was afflicted with
Bright's disease of the kidneys and with
jit heart trouble. This morning his con
! dition changed for the worse and he died
at 6 o'clock this evening.
Mr. Gaty's daughter, Ada, was to have
married N. T. Powell, the cashier of the
Arlington, to-morrow, but when the
change in htr father's condition came a
clergyman was called and the couple were
made man and wife and received the con
gratulations and blessing of the dying
man.
Mr. Gaty was well known in Santa Bar
bara politics, and many a time he swung
his forces into line and snatched victory
out of what seemed like hopeless defeat.
He was twice Mayor of this city and was
an upright, honorable geutleman, whose
demise is deeply mourned.
FORESTERS GATHER AT UKIAH.
Delegates to the High Court Shown Places
of Interest Near the
Town.
URIAH, Cal., May 11.— Delegates to
the High Court of the Ancient Order of
Foresters arrived here to-day on the noon
train. Seventy courts throughout the
State are represented by about 125 dele
gates. Court Redwood of this place un
der the command of Marshal G. W. Stout,
headed by the Ukiah cornet band, escorted
the visiting delegates and the Cloverdaln
band to Odd Feliows' Hall, where the vis
itors were welcomed by J. M. Mannon of
Court Redwood. After dinner various
places of interest in the vicinity of Ukiah
were visited.
The committee on jurisprudence and
supervision, to whom was referred some
120 proposed amendments to the general
laws, will, in all probability, ask further
time in which to submit its report. It is
said it will report favorably on the proposi
tion to allow the consideration of amend
ments proposed on the floor of the High
Court meeting; also that of holding bien
nial in place of annual sessions.
A concert by the Ukiah and Clcverdale
bands was tendered delegates at the opera
house this evening. The session of the
High Court convenes to-morrow morning.
FAIR OAKS COLONISTS.
Thirty-Five Excursionists From Chicago
Visit the Flourishing Settle
ment.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., May 11.— The How
ard Wilson Publishing Company's fourth
excursion to Fair Oaks from Chicago, with
thirty-five people, arrived here at 4:50
o'clock this afternoon with Assistant
Manager A. M. Hubbs and wife in charge.
The visitors were escorted to the various
wholesale fruithouses, where supplies of
early cherries, strawberries, raspberries
and fancy-pressed Adriatic figs were at
their disposal. They were then driven
through the Newcastle fruit orchards, ar
rivine at Auburn at 6 o'clock, where they
were banqueted at the Fieeman Hotel.
To-morrow they will be driven through
the city of Auburn, viewing Eolia Heights,
then winding their way through the fruit
districts of Newcastle, Penryn and Loomis
to Fair Oaks, where they all expect to make
their future home.
The Howard Publishing Company has
already sold 2500 acres in Fair Oaks colony,
in parcels of five and ten acre lots. There
are 2-50 people now settled In the colony
and 6">o acres have been cleared and
planted.
ARRESTED AT LOS ANGELES
"Baron" Charles J. Van Arnold Lodged
in a Prison Cell.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 11.— The
bogus nobleman who has been a central
attraction in Pasadena, Pomona and
other Southern California towns of late,
whose name is now known to be Charles J.
Van Arnold, bat whose assumed cog
nomen was "Baron Karl R. A. yon
Steinitz," was arrested h re this afternoon
for carrying concealed weapons. The
Baron was photographed just like a com
mon person this afternoon. It is strongly
intimated in police circles that he is sus
pected of graver offenses than that of
carrying a concealed gun.
SAN LUIS LECTURES.
Mian Mills Advocates the Equal Suffrage
A tnendm.ent.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 11.— A
large eathering attended the female
suffragist meeting this afternoon. Miss
Harriet May Mills of New York spoke, and
in concluding her speech remarked:
"Miss Yates and I don't wear bloomers
and short hair. We are like other people.
It doesn't make us 'new' women in the vul
gar sense because we are suffrage lectur
ers."
She was loudly cheered. She was fol
lowed by Miss Yates, and Mrs. R. S.
Brown, Mrs. W. W. Madge and Rev. J. W.
Phelps. all of San LuisObispo, also spoice.
STANISLANS DEMOCRATS
Protest Agatntt Funding tub rimed in
_ the Resolutions.
MODESTO, Cal., May 11.— The Demo
cratic County Convention was held in the
opera-house here to-day. E. L. Barkis of
Oakdale presided. The resolutions adopted
declare against protection, as . discrimi
nating against the agricultural districts
and against the interests of the laboring
classes; commend the fearless and inde
pendent international policy of Cleveland ;
reject as wholly unfounded the charge
that the financial condition of the country
is due to the present National ad
ministration; condemn the Supreme
Court of the United States for defeat
ing the income tax; denounce the funding
bill; favor the election of United States
benators by popular vote; favor restrict
ing foreign immigration; charge the
financial condition to the vicious legisla
tion of the Republican party since 1873;
favor the monetization of silver by inter
national agreement or the independent ac
tion of this Government; indorse Gov
ernor Budd's administration.
The convention refused to adopt resolu
tions favoring woman suffrage. It adopted
resolutions of respect to the memory of
the late Hon. J. D. Spencer.
The delegate* to the State and Congres
sional District conventions are: D. E. Kel
liher, Henry Long, Miner WaMen, Judge
A. Hewel and L. Swcitzer; at large, J. R.
Brouchton, J. I). McPike and M. P. Kear
ney.
"JIMMY" JACKSON AT SEATTLE.
Safe Return of the Daring Mail Carrier
Who Tramped Into the Yukon in
Winter.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 11.— The steam
ships Willapa and Alki arrived in port to
day from the North bringing the latest
Alaskan advices. The Willapa had as one
of its passengers "Jimmy" Jackson, the
intrepid Alaskan half-breed, whose return
to the Sound closes a 12000-mile winter
journey made for the purpose of taking to
the imprisoned miners on the Yukon a
supply of mail matter to break the tedious
ness of the long Arctic winter. There
were five in the mail party- three Indians
and two white men. The whites were L.
S. Hodge and N. McNeil, both of whom.
Jackson says, undoubtedly perished. He
and tlie other two Indians deserted their
white companions, »vho from excessive
cold and hunger had become very slow
travelers, late in December and no word
has since been heard Imm them.
Jackson's arrival on March 22 at Forty
Mile, his destination, created the greatest
excitement. He was a "Dig man" at the
diggings and nothing was too good for
him. The trin was one of hardship and
suffering and was made only after the last
dog (several having been taken along for
sledding purposes) had been killed and
eaten as a precaution against what ap
peared to be in sight— starvation. Jackson
expects to carry mail into the Yukon again
next winter and by the same route, but
this summer he will establish stations be
tween Takou harbor and Takish, at each
of which he will cache clothing and food
supplies.
The Canadian mail which carriers at
tempted to convey into the Yukon in mid
winter lies entombed in snow on the sum
mit of Chilcat pass.
THE WEAVERVILLE TRIAL
John Vinton Swears to Having
Been Ambushed and Shot
by Littlefield.
Displays in Ccurt the Scars From the
Wounds Inflated by the
Vaqu ro.
WEAVLRVILLE, Cal., May 11.— When
the trial of Constables Crow and Van
Horn, for complicity in the lynching of
"Jack" Littlefield on September 27, 1894,
was resumed this morning, J. M. Vinton
was called to the stand. Vintonis "King"
George E. White's right bower, and it was
at his demand that Littlefield was ar
rested. He claimed to have been shot by
Littlefield, and because of this alleged
shooting the vaquero met his death at the
hands of the lyncbers.
Vinton told of having been shot from
behind a tree by a masked man, who ran as
soon as he had fired. He recognized the
attempted muraerer as "Jack" Littlefield.
He tried to raise bis rifle to return the
shot, but was partially paralyzed end soon
fell from the horse and fainted from loss
of blood. Every one in the courtroom
crowded forward as Vinton bared his
bre ast and showed the scars of the wounds
and described his narrow escape from
d eath.
He told of reaching Haydon's place that
night in a desperately wounded condition.
On his arrival he sent for Constable Van
Horn and demanded the arrest of Little
fiel d. Vinton said that he owned one-half
inte rest in a cattle herd with John Rohr
bough, a nep hew of George E. White.
Fred Radcliffe, a picturesque cowboy
wearing fringed buckskin trousers, was the
next witness. He was questioned by the
prosecution as to his movements and
whereabouts, particularly when in com
pany with Joe Gregory on the 17th of Sep
tember ; and as to being at Haydon's place
and going out with "Buck" Lacock, Joe
Gregory. Thomas Haydon, Constable Van
Horn, Deputy Constable John Crow and
Geordon Van Horn to the scene where
Vinton was shot.
Following Radcliffe Thomas Haydon.
the owner of the ranch to which Vinton
came, took the stand and named the differ
ent persons at his house on September 26
and 27.
The lust witness of the afternoon was
Ehsha Kane, a splendid physical specimen
of the old forty-niner. He testified to
having gone to Haydon's ranch after hear
ing of the shooting of Vinton. He sat up
with the sick man i and first heard from
Vinton that Littlefield had shot him on
the night of September 26. He also
named the persons who came to the Hay
don place while he was there.
The object of the line of testimony in
troduced by the prosecution to-day seems
to be to prove a conspiracy, with the de
fendants as the tools.
. . ■ - ! »
MARSHFIELD MURDERER'S FATE.
Carl Aubrecht Sentenced to Death for
Killing His Wife.
MARSHFIELD, Or., May 11.-Judge
Fullerton, in the State Circuit Court at
Empire City, to-day sentenced Carl Au
brecht to be hanged on June 26.
Aubrecht was convicted of murdering his
wife in South Marshfield on February 18.
The prisoner shot and killed his wife on a
street because she refused to provide for
his supper. Aubrecht had been very cruel
to the woman for a number of years and
his treatment became so bitter the week
before the crime that she left him and in
stituted divorce proceedings. Aubrecht
did his utmost to get her to return, and the
day before the crime said that he would
talk no longer but would kill her the next
day. After Mrs. Aubrecht returned from
doing a day's washing he made good his
threat.
PLACERVILLE`S LOSS.
Pausing of Samuel H. Stiller, a Pioneer,
of 1850.
PLACERVILLE, Cau. May U.-Samuel
R. Miller, a pioneer of El Dorado County,
died here to-day, aged 79. He was a na
tive of Hardin County. Kentucky, and
crossed the plains in 1850, settling in Hang
town, now Placerville. He followed min
ing until 1.-Gs and afterward secured the
Mountain Spring ranch, which he farmed
on a large scale. Mr. Miller was always
foremost In work for the public interests,
and was highly respected by all citizens.
* Creant'Zy for Susanville.
CHICO, Cal., May 11.— The Honey Lake
Creamery Company has been organized in
Susanville, wnh $10,000 capital stock. It
is a local enterprise, backed by Lassen
money and should be a success. Th c
creamery will b« a great help to the dairy
men of that section.
INDIANS JOIN THE
MADERA CHASE
Camping on the Trail of
Outlaws Laverone and
Roberts.
HOUNDS OFF THE TRACK
Trace the Fugitives to a Creek
and There the Scent Is
Lost
MANY POSSES IN THE HILLS.
Officers Believe Starvation Will Soon
Drive the Escapes From Their
Retreat.
MADERA, Cal., May 11.— The pursuit
of the fugative outlaws, Laverone and
Roberts, who escaped from the jail at this
place after a desperate struggle with Jailer
Wells las: Thursday, is growing exciting.
The Indians of Picayune ilancheria have
joined in the chase. It is the first time
they ever volunteered their services to
capture a white criminal ; but they want
revenge f6r the killing of the old squaw
Mane, about eight months ago, by a
white man who covered his tracks so well
that they were unable to capture him.
Sheriff Westfall is working near Fine
Gold; George Wells, a son of the jailer,
and James Ham ikon are at the head of
the posse at North Fork; Samuel Prewett
has a posse under him at Table Mountain,
and the constable at Pollasky has had
guards stationed at the bridge on the San
Joaquin ever since the day of the jail
break. Unless the bandits have secured
help from an unknown source, they will
have to show themselves to get provisions.
The only person who returned with any
news from the hills to-day was Jailor
Wells. He started yesterday afternoon to
join the chase, but he had not gone far
before th« wounds in his hand ana arm,
received in the struggle with the outlaws
on the night of the jail-break, caused the
member to swell to such a size that it be
came necessary for him to return.
The outlaws are surrounded in the foot
bills or else they have completely duped
the officers and have escaped into Auberry
Valley or crossed over the mountain range
in the snow into Mono or Inyo county.
Yesterday, when Deputy Sheriff Jones re
turned to the hills with the bloodhounds,
he succeeded in putting the dogs on the
trail which had been identified by Lily
Larsen, and the hounds started baying.
They set such a rapid pace tnat the offi
cers, who were well mounted, could not
keep up to them, as the dense growth of
! underbrush made it impossible to get
through the gulches at a very rapid pace.
They soon lost sight of Ye dogs, which
started in a southerly direction and circled
around the southern end of the Table
Mountain and then led off toward the San
Joaquin.
Some of the other men who were on the
lookout saw them, and, knowing that
they were trailing, followed them until
the dogs led them into a deserted sheep
camp, here the animals lost the trail,
as there were numberless tracks of the
herders. There was a stream a short dis
tance from the camp, and it is the theory
of the officers that Laverone and Roberts,
learning that the dogs were in pursnit of
them, walked in the water for some dis
tance to throw the dogs off the scent. The
officers took the dogs and patrolled both
sides of the stream, Doth above and below
the crossing, but the hounds were unable
to pick up the trail.
Torestville \Accldent.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 11.-The up
setting of a wagon near Forestville last
night resulted in the almost instant death
of a Chinaman and the very serious injury
<3k<o)Ss® From the great
Assignee Sale of
pff:/l] the wholesale
( (/ 1 - stock of J. I. Hart
V / V & Co., Broadway,
I (, \ N. Y.
* I \ I All-Wool materials — stylish
I I ; patterns and colorings, perfectly
I ' / tailored— not a pair in the entire
\ I collection that did not cost more
I. I than $2.50 to make—
[ 1^ ~ Actual values $4, $5, $6, $7.50.
.rU~|. . Sale Begins Tuesday, May 12,
Outfitters for Men, 06l
924 to 930 Market St.,
Under Baldwin Hotel.
of W. H. Braiu. The two were returning
from Santa Rosa after dark and drove over
the grade. Mr. Brain is injured internally
and one of his legs is broken, but he is ex
pected to recover.
CHICO GUARDS INSPECTED.
Complimented by General Barrett for
Their Efficient;,.
CHICO, Cal., May 11.— The inspection
of Company A, Second Rpgirnent, V. G.
C, Saturday night was one of the most
thorough ever made in Chico. Major F.
S. Rice of the National Guard and Captain
Carnngton of the regular army were the
inspectors. During the evening Major
Rice, at the request of General Barrett,
complimented the company on its knowl
edge of the setting-up t-xercises.
Adjutant-General Barrett, Major Rico
and Captain L. Carrincton were tendered
a banquet at the Park Hotel last evening.
Besides these officers there were present
General Montgomery, Colonel Henshaw,
Major A. L. Nichols and Major T. H. Bar
nard.
IRON MOUNTAIN ACCIDENT
A Redding Liveryman Hurled Over the
Edge of a Chasm.
REDDING, Cal., May 11.— J. If. Welsh,
a liveryman of this city, met with an acci
dent near the Iron Mountain mine last
evening that may cost him his life.
Welsh left this city at noon yesterday
with a mining man, bound for Iron Moun
tain. The two, in a buggy drawn by two
fiery horses, arrived at the copper mine of
the Mountain Mines Company at 4:30
o'clock. Welsh volunteered his cervices as
guide for his companion through the mine.
The works had been temporarily closed,
and he was advised by the mine authori
ties not to venture underground. Not
heeding the entreaties of the miners he
started on a tour of the subterranean
caverns.
That was the last seen of the two by em
ployes of. the mine. Two hours thereafter
their buggy, without team or driver, was
discovered about three miles below camp.
A diligent search resulted in the finding
of Welsh in a chasm below the road, which
was built on a high grade, bleeding and
suffering from severe injuries and gashes
on his head and body.
His horses had become unmanageable
and ran away. In their course down the
grade they ran against a tree and threw
the driver to the gulch below. He was
carried to a cabin, where he now lies in
the care of his wife.
Fatality at Tempe.
PHCENIX, Ariz., May 11.— J. Roe
Young Jr., the eight-year-old son of J. Roe
Young, Indian a ent at Sacaton, Ariz.,
was killed this afternoon at Tempe by
falling between the cars.
GALE AT SANTA BARBARA
Trial Trip of the Battle-Ship
Oregon Likely to Be
Delayed.
Will Not B5 Sent Over the Course
Until the Wind Blows Less
Strongly.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May U.— lt
is blowing half a gale here to-day, and
unless there is an abatement the battle
| ship Oregon will not go on its trial trip to
morrow. The Oregon is now lying in the
channel, and while the other veEsels
1 heeled over to the blasts until they almost
I dipped their yards in the water it never
made a motion and seemed as firm us a
rock.
As the wind may die out to-night, Ad
rriral xteardslee believed it would bebet
tei to send the stakeboats to their posi
tions. The McArthur got away at day
break for its position near Point Concep
tion. The Albatross sailed next for Goleta
Point, but the Gedney was delayed over
I an hour by an order from the admiral to
j Captain Osbornc to "Come aboard!" It
i appears a mistake was made in the laying
out of the course, and the captain was
wanted to consult with the officers of the
navy in rectifying the error. After that
was accomplished, the little survey boat
went on its way. The men on the three
boats will have a lively time of it.
Admiral Beardslee and Irving M. Scott
went aboard the battle-ship this morning
I and will not leave it again until after the
trial. According to tne weather sharps
here this will not be fox three or four days,
as they say a gale here always lasts three
days. The only guests on board the Ore
gon are Mr. Small of Balfour, Guthrie &
Co.. General Graham of the Presidio, Dr.
Chismore and J. E. Tucker, United States
Appraiser at San Francisco. If it is de
cided not to send the battle-ship on its
trial to-morrow, Mr. Tucker will return
home on the first train.
HEW. TO-PAT. •
SMILED SWEETLY
On the Manly Man In the Full -a
Vigor of His Magnetic *
Manhood.
. ■
No Use Nowadays for Puny, Debilitated India
viduals— Everybody Can Be Quickly,
Easily. Permanently Made
Happy. V: : ! ■"■
■^jrtj Sparkling eyes, a
.TjjFptfr quick-beating heart
«7*»3b3L and the rosy blush
<Ss^^m» oi pleasure greet
vStf-"*" 4KB ' the strong, ■ manly
S&C s?-^ man when he meets
£?; ''«-■£- S "0* his ladylove. That
-. (AsLjlT'' ;-w.is the kind of man
v\''iSw- ; /> whose very toucU
\W^^^ thrills because it ii
2'f r<^- u^ ot energy, v-ig-
ja \ "*- orous nerve power
i»—^as.%-^. '/h- and vitality. That
iWTX Ni- Ifrtft is the kind of man
4r*l£\ /a ■ tilAt ever maa
* jp* ft? ■■- ■ should be, and hi!
magnetic presence would make everybody
happy around him. -Why is it not so? One ol
the principal reasons is the universally prevail-
ing tobacco habit. Tobacco kills nerve, Stay
with tobacco Ion? enough and every man will
be a sallow, skinny, nerveless wreck, inspiring
disgust instead of -love and affection. No man
who uses tobacco can be as much of a man at
without it.
No gra*D ao strong as the death grip of ■
habit, and man once fully in its clutches It
helpless without aid. That's why every to.
bacco-user has the came good excuse — " I can't
quit." No-To-Bac removes this only excuse,
and any one who will can quit easily, quickly
and permanently. Here's an instance:
MADE HIS WIFE SAPPY.
(,'bkstli.nb, Ohio, June 6. *
Dear Sirs: No-To-Bac nas entirely cured me ol
the use of tobacco, and the result of the treatment
has teen a surprise to myself and mends. Now
when I am offered a chew or smoke by my friend*
It Is declined with thanks, and I refer them to
No-To-Bac. I could not begin to tell you how many
times my wife ha.i thanked your yb-To-JBac/or what
it has done in my case. J. W. McCULLY.
This is only one of thousands. Talk with
your wife about it and start your cure to-day.
No-To-Bac Is not sold on the recommendation
of men like Mr. McCully, one of over 300.000
cases cured, but can be obtained from any drug-
gist in the United States or Canada underabso-
lute guarantee of cure or money refunded.
Our booklet, '• Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke
Your Life Away," written guarantee of cure
and sample sent free. Address The Sterling
Remedy Co.. Chicago or New York.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE IMRAM COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE, IN THE STATE OF Wis-
v/ consin, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1895, and for the year ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of . the mate of
California, pursuant to the requirementa'of section
613 of the Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by
the company 91,400,863 16
Amount of loans secured by bond .
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,112 24
Cash loans to policy-holders on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral 1,948,050 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 12,685,201 08
Amount of cash on hand in com-
pany's oflice 97,169 05
Amount of cash deposited In banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued 1,36-2,318 08
Rents due and accrued 8,987 71
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums 1,431,470 74
■ Total assets $82,902,389 64
1.1 ABILITIES.
Claims . for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid....... ....... ."..•...'.......: 55,216 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due......: 282,359,67
Claims resisted by the company.... 43,844 99
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experi-
ence tables of mortality, with 4
per cent interest 65,804,572 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders .- 94,740 97
All other demands against the c0m-
pany.............. 108,094 01
Total liabilities $66,388,828 33
INCOME.
Cash received for - premiums on
new policies during the year...... 1,579,149 92
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 11,990,630 79
Cash received for sale of annuities. 6. 91 97
Cash received for Interest 3,837,791 50
Cash received for rents 109,642 23
Cash received from all other
50urce5............ 27,269 41
Total income $ 17,550,775 82
EXPENDITURES,
Paid for losses and matured en- - : . .Vv '
dowments $3,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants 2.564 26
Paid for surrendered policies 872,671 38
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296.894 65
Commissions paid to agents 1,543,571
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. .. 306,196 28
Salaries and traveling expenses of ,
managers of agencies 899 91
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 119,691 15
Cash paid for taxes 194,323 73
Cash paid for rents...: 25 000 00
All other cash payments 782,119 16
Total expenditures during the ■■ _
year $8,666,662 43
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT. ~.
Premium notes and ether
premium obligations at
beginning of the year. . .9467,540 42
Premium notes and other ■
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. . 89,664 60
$557,206 02
Deductions during the year as follows:
- Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In payment
of losses and claims.... $22,756 17
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In purchase I
of surrendered policies. 10,436 81
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In payment
of dividends to policy-
holders 66,689 84
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse of
p01icie5....... 13,780 90'
- Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by . : , '.:: ■
maker in cash... 25,290 16
Total reduction of
premium note account.. $138,903 IS
H. L. PALMER, President. '
J. W. SKINNER, secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist day
of Jbebrnary, 1896, t
v- ■ C. A. PRIDE, Notary Public.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF, *-
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park aad the Hudson Xi?««
v AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in - s
- ■: ' '"■'■■■ America. - . -•
Pawer.jrerßCTOMingthe Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L* to 66th at, or Broadway cabie
care to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
: tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes." European
. plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Host com.
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
m w*loL>. as™ 0 * w"* 1 "*FORTUNE FOR A
PORTLAND MAN
Elevated to the Nobility
by the Mikado of
Japan.
ENJOYS ROYAL FAVOR.
Will Be Given One of the Finest
European Hotels in the
Orient.
HE WAS A SAN FRANCISCAN.
Won the Gratitude of the Japanese
by Generosity During the
Late War.
PORTLAND, Or., May 11.- William P.
Uardgrave of Seattle, who has just re
turned from Japan, is in this city. He
brings good tidings of Louis Eppinger,
formerly a leading caterer of Portland and
now perhaps the foremost American in
Yokohama. Hardgrave says that Eppin
p<er has for some years been mine host of
the principal European hotel in "Yoko
hama. He made the master stroke of his
life during the recent Chinese-Japanese j
war. During that period he manifested
more patriotism for Japan and practical
enthu.siasni over the Japanese successes
than any other foreigner, attracting the
attention of the Government. He con
tributed liberally to the Japanese sanitary
fund, which other Americans overlooked
as being no concern of theirs. Of this the
Mikado became cognizant, and he has
recently rewarded Eppinger's generosity.
"Mr. Eppinger does not refer to the im
perial favor he is enjoying," said Hard
grave, "but from one of his intimate
friends I learned that three months ago
he was commanded by the Mikado to
appear before him. Mr. Eppinger was
escorted to the palace, as if he were a high
dignitary, and was received without the
customary formality attendant upon an
audience granted foreigners. The Mikado,
so it is said, expressed his appreciation of
Mr. Eppinger's loyalty to tue Japanese
cause, and before dismissing him from his
august presence decorated him with an
order which bestows a certain rank of
nobility upon the recipient. 1 also heard
that it was his Imperial Highness' purpose
to build, out of his private purse, for Mr.
Eppinger, one of the finest European hotels
in the Orient, which shall be the lucky
fellow's own. tax and rent free for life.
At his death the property reverts to the
crown."
Durine the great stock-booming period
in fian Francisco Eppinger kept a small
saloon on Halleck street, which was the
favorite for California-street stocKbrokers.
For several years his receipts are alleged
to have averaged $1000 a day. But he was
not satisfied and engaged in stock gam
bling, which also made him rich for a
time, but in the end he fell by the way
side, like many others, and he came to
Portland in 1885.
SELMA BURGLAR KILLED
William Burke Shot to Death
by Oificer Collins Near
Merced.
He Had Escaped From a Deputy Con
stable by Jumping From a
Train.
MERCED, Cal., May 11.— William
Burke, who escaped from a Selma officer
last Monday night at Livingston, was shot
and killed this evening near Merced by
Deputy Constable Collins.
Burke was wanted at Selma for burg
lary, and was arrested in San Francisco by
Detective Harper. Deputy Constable Col
lins went to the City to bring back the pris
oner. On his return the officer went to
sleep, and Burke jumped from the train
and escaped, with his hands still man
acled.
Burke was seen this afternoon leaving
Merced walKing towards Bear Creek. He
whs followed by Officers Collins and Dowst.
"When they got within hailing distance
they commanded him to stop. Burke
started to run. Collins flred two shots in
the air to frighten Burke, but the latter
drew a pistol and nred at me officer. Then
Collins fired directly at him, a bullet
taking effect in the fugitive's side, causing
instant death.
The officers returned to town and re
ported the affair to the Coroner, who went
out and took charge or the body. Burke
was about 38 years of age.
RIVERSIDE TRIAL ENDS
Jurors Disagree as to the Guilt
of the Alleged Slayers of
Mrs. Platt.
Three Indians Charged With the
Murder Will Be Retried
Separately.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., May 11.— The first
trial of the three Indians— Francisco Gua
vish, Francisco Rodriguez and Antonio
Trujillo— chargd with the murder of Mrs.
Mary J. Platt, the Picbango Indian reser
vation school-teacher, on September 2u,
1894, came to an end this morning, when
Judge Noyes discharged the jury after its
failure to agree.
The cu3e was submitted on Saturday
morning at 10:30 o'clock, the conclusion of
a ten-day trial which was fairly and ably
conducted on both sides. The jury came
into the courtroom Saturday evening at
8 o'clock and reported a disagreement,
standing seven to five. It was sent back
for further consideration, but came in
again on Saturday at 10:30 A. M., reported
a disagreement and asked for further in
structions, which were given by the court.
This morning when discharged the jury
Btood eight to four in favor of the convic
tion of ttie three Indians. A new trial
was ordered and the defendants will be
tried separately— Guavish on June 5, Tru
jillo on June 15 and Rodriguez on June 22.
On the night of September 20, 1894, the
school house on the Pichango Indian
.reservation was burned and the body of
Mrs. Mary J. Platt, the reservation teacher,
was incinerated in the fire. Mrs. Platt
had living rooms in connection with the
s>cliool building. She was alone, except
for a niece, a little girl 9 years old.
The latter was awakened about 11 o'clock
at night by fire on her bed. She called
to Mr?. Platt, but got no response, and as
she went out thiough the kitchen she saw
a pile of wood burning there and smelled
kerosene oil.
Antonio Molido was arrested last autumn
on a charpe of complicity in the crime
and Inter made a confession implicating
the thrre whose trial has just ended.
Molido's story was that the four went to
Mrs. Platt's house, rapped at the door, ana
when she responded clutched her by the
throat, dragged her out of the house to a
lonely spot some yards distant, and killed
her to cover si more diabolical crime. They
took her lifeless body back to the house,
built a large pile of oak stovewood around
it and set fire to the wood.
Upon Moiido's confession he was sen
tenced to life imprisonment in San Quen
tin.
CONFLAGRATION AT APTOS.
The Entire Village Narrowly Escapes De
struction — Hard Work Saves the
Ocean House.
APTOS, Cal., May 12.— Fire that started
in the grocery-store of D. M. Rice & Son,
in this town, shortly after midnight this
morning destroyed a blacksmith-shop and
Hihm's saloon. The loss on the latter two
buildings was about $700 and on Rice &
Son's store and stock $2200.
The fire burned so rapidly that the
Ocean House narrowly escaped destruc
tion; in fact, but for the hard labor of
every man and boy in Aptos the entire
village would have been swept away.
Sooth- Tuckers Banqueted at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wabh., May 11. — Seattle
gave Commander and Consul Booth-
Tucker a royal welcome on their arrival
this morning and a public reception to
night in Ranke's Hall, at which 3000 per
sons were present. Mrs. Booth-Tucker
appeared fatigued and worn, but she took
an active part throughout the exercises
day and evening, speaking several times
and leading in prayer. The Commander
talked at length.
HOW BISHOP SEGERS DIED
Frank Fuller Confesses to the
Killing of the Prelate
Years Ago. •
Says They Quarreled Over a Klootch
man and He Took His
Enemy's Life.
TACOMA, Wash., May IL— Frank Ful
ler, sentenced at Sitka on December 2,
1887, to ten years at the F«deral peniten
tiary on McNeils Island, near here, for the
murder of Bishop Segers, a Roman Catho
lic ecclesiastic of Nisqually, was released
to-day, his term, with the customary de
ductions for good behavior, having ended.
For the first time since his arrest he to-day
broke his long silence and spoke of the
crime, doing so guardedly.
"The Bishop," said he, "was not the
man his friends believed him to be. We
had trouble over an Indian woman — a
Klootchman. It came to a situation where
it was either his life or mine. Mine was
as sweet to me as his to him. 1 came back
to the settlement; his body was found in
the camp. That is all I will say."
The murder of Bishop Segers caused a
great sensation in 1887. The prelate was
one of the most distinguished men in the
church on this coast. The diocese of
Nisqually embraces the western part of
this State. Bishop Segers left here with
Fuller as his private secretary and com
panion to visit the missions in Alaska.
Fnr up in the Yukon country they were
camped one night. The Indian guides
were temporarily absent. Wh^n they re
turned they found the Bishop murdered
and Fuller gone.
Fuller stopped at Juneau and did not
attempt to leave the Territory. He was
arrested, tried at Sitka and convicted of
manslaughter. He refused to testify in
his own behalf or to explain. The de
fense tried to show that Indians com
mitted the murder. A strong sentiment
in favor of Fuller existed in the Territory
among certain whites, but others de
manded a relentless prosecution. Many
believed him innocent.
For the past seven years Fuller has been
trusty at the penitentiary and won the re
spect and regard of every official there.
He maintained absolute silence as to the
murder and rarely spoke on the subject
He was termed "TheSileiit Man" and was
a star convict. He acted as a house ser
vant, and while he had many cbances
to escape he held aloof. Faller is tall and
dignified of bearing, wears a Vandyke
beard, has mild blue eyes, and even in
convict stripes was a striking figure. He
says he will remain in Tacoma and live
down the blot on his character.
TWO FIRES AT ONE TIME.
Property Valued at $400,000 Consumed
at Patersoii, S. J.
PATERSON, N. J., May 11.— The two
upper stories of the malthouse of the Hin
cliffe Malting and Brewing Company were
destroyed by fire to-night Three hundred
and fifty bushels of malt were burned and
damaged by water. Loss about $300,000,
covered by insurance.
While the entire Fire Department was
engaged on the building an alarm was
sent in from the Machinists' Association
building below the Passaic Falls, a blaze
having been discovered in the upper story
occupied by Garrett Planter, a silk
throwster.
Chief Engineer Stagg dispatched to Pas
saic for two engines, but before they
arrived the structure was nearly con
sumed. , The Hallichen Brothers oc
cupied the second floor for weaving
silk goods and a few small firms were lo
cated on the lower floor. The silk firms
estimate their loss at $50,000 each, partly
covered by insurance. The loss on the
building is insured.
• ■ ' . . ■ . : ■ •
A Carpet- Mill Burned.
MOUNT HOLLY, N. J., May 11.-The
carpet-mili of C. H. Mastland & Sons was
destroyed by fire to-day. Thb building
and machinery were owned by W. & J.
Sloane of New York, and the loss is esti
mated at $400,000, on which is $150,000 in
surance. Mastland & Sons' loss is not
known.
Sot a Ripple of Excitement.
BATON ROUGE, La., May 11.— The
recently elected Legislature assembled to
day at noon and organized. Not a ripple
of excitement was visible. Captain Pharr,
the Populist- Republican candidate for
Governor, was not on hand. The vote for
Governor and Lieutenant-Governor will
be announced to-morrow.
Sot Paying Expenses.
CHICAGO. 111., May 11.— A bill was
filed in court to-day on behalf of the hold
ers of the 1170,000 of Chicago Panopticon
bonds to foreclose the mortgage on the
place of amusement on Wabash avenue
and for the appointment of a receiver.
The plant is said to be not paying ex
penses.
Johnny Houlihan's Final Knockout.
HARTFORD, Conn., May 11.— Johnny
Houlihan, 22 years of age, who was knocked
out by Patsy Nol&n in a prize fight in New
Britain Thursday evening, died there early
tnis morning. It is thought that death
was caused by brain fever. The police are
looking for Nolan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
SUPERVISORS
AT SAN JOSE
Representatives of Twenty
Counties Meet in
Convention.
FUNDING BILL OPPOSED.
Resolutions Protesting Against
Its Passage Are Adopted
Unanimously.
IMPROVEMENT OF HIGHWAYS.
The Good Roads Question to Be Ex
haustively Discussed at the
Meeting.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 11.— The fourth
annual State convention of the Courty
Boards of Supervisors convened at the
Courthouse in this city this moraine. The
meeting was called to order by Supervisor
M. B. Ivory of Contra Costa County, who
was chairman of the last convention. The
purpose of the gathering is to discuss
questions pertaining to county govern
ment, but the principal question consid
ered will be that of building and main
taining good roads.
A. Greeninger of this county was elected
chairman of the convention, and J. D. En
right of Santa Cruz secretary. About sixty
delegates are present, representing twenty
counties, as follows:
Alemeda—H. Bailey, J. E.Johnston and W.
H. Church.
Alpine— D. Helnsoth.
Colusa— J. 11. Laugenour, C. C. Felts and
A. P. Spaulding.
Contra Costa— M. B. Ivory.
Kern— J. W. White.
Los Angeles— E. S. Field, A. W. Francisco and
W. L. Woodward.
Madera— J. F. Ward.
Nevada— E. W. Donnelly.
San Bernardino — G. R. Holbrook.
San Joaquin — O. J. Hemphill.
San Luis Obispo— J. B. Kester and D. Walte.
Santa Barbara— E. de la Cucsta.
Santa Clara— A. Greeninger, John Roil, J. 8.
Selby, George E. Rea and S. F. Ayer.
Santa Cruz— J. D. Enright, A. G. Lay, J. A.
Llnscott, S. H. Ranabo and A. P. Stanton.
San Francisco— J. I. Dimond, E. C. Hughes,
E. L. Wagner and C. L. Taylor.
Solano— E. McGettigan, J. H. McCudden, B.
J. Devlin and J. A. Clark.
Sonoma — E. S. Gray.
Tehama— O. Leininger.
Ventura— F. E. Davis and K. P. Grant.
Joseph L. Maude, Marsden Manson and
R. C. Irvine of the State Board of Public
Highways, were present to-day, and on
motion were made members of the con
vention. B. Knight and T. W. Wyman of
the Santa Cruz Wheelmen were present,
and were invited to participate in the dis
cussion of good roads topics. The follow
ing committees were appointed:
Resolutions— C. L. Taylor, M. B. Ivory, J. A.
Linscott, W. H. Church and G. R. Holbrook.
Order of business— J. S. Selby, M. Henderson,
J. I. Dimond, J. F. Ward and H. Bailey.
A resolution protesting against the en
actment of the funding bill and requesting
the representatives of California at Wash
ington to work against the bill was passed
this afternoon by an overwhelming vote.
Resolutions on county road control were
offered by R. H. Pringle, B. K. Knight and
others. They are the same as recently
adopted by a convention in Santa Cruz.
Among the principal recommendations
are that laws be enacted so that all roads
be built and maintained by a direct tax,
including all county and trunk lines ; that
the roads in any district be built and
maintained by taxes raised in that dis
trict. They also recommend creating the
office of road expert, who shall pass upon
the construction of roads in the county in
which he shall be appointed, and have
general supervision of the highways un
der the direction of the Board of Super
visors, his term of office to be until re
moved.
Among the duties devolving on him
would be to survey the roads, to see that
work is done practically and economically
and to direct a road foreman in each dis
trict whose duties should be in the same
line. In the draft of the proposed bill it is
recommended that all funds now in the
hands of Boards of Supervisors and under
their control be left so. The tax in any
district is to be raised by the board when
two-thirds of the taxpayers have peti
tioned for it, and when after so petitioned
the board deems it advisable. It is recom
mended that property-owners be com
pelled to keep down weeds on the fence
line and in the ditches along the roads,
when once the Boards of Supervisors have
cut them down. If the law should be
adopted property-owners will also have to
move their fences on either side an equal
distance from the middle of the accus
tomed wagon track, if the fence lines are
not well defined, and a clause is tacKed on
making it unlawful to use wagon-tires of
less than certain width.
These resolutions, with one favoring
ing Government ownership of the Nica
ragua canal, were referred to the commit
tee on resolutions.
The convention will be in session to
morrow, and on Wednesday the delegates
will be taken for a drive over the roads of
the county.
BOOTH'S VOLUNTEERS
Important Acquisition* to the Post at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 11.-The number
of followers of Ballington Booth in this
city is constantly growing and several im
portant accessions to the ranks of the local
post of the American Volunteers have
recently been received. The latest addi
tion to their strength is Mrs. Lizzie Rief,
formerly a well-known sergeant in, the
Balvation Army and one of its best
workers. Mrs. Rief is one of the oldest
poldiers on the coast, having enlisted in
the array in San Jose years ago. Shortly
afterward she became a trusted officer in
its ranks and has had charge of a number
of the most important places on the coast.
She retired from active field service a few
years ago and has since been one of the
faithful standbys of the local corps. Since
the trouble she, in common with the ma
jority of the corps, has been undecided as
to the proper course to pursue until now.
Sergeant John Phillips, another old
eoldier and a faithful local officer in the
army, has also expressed himself very
favorably for the volunteers, and it is ex
pected will Boon enlist under the volun
teer standard.
Captain James Smith, the new leader,
will take charge this week, at which time
a grand rally will be held.
The post has been made the recipient of
a floe American flag, by a number of the
citizens, and it will be formally presented
on the occasion of the new captain's ap
pearance.
The local workers are now in corres
pondence with fourteen places where posts
are to be organized as soon as Ballington
Booth comes to the coast. Four of the
leading field officers of the old army have
also expressed themselves in favor "of the
movement, and will enlist as soon as the
commander formally organizes this State,
ana others are contemplating the same
step.
BANDIT MILLER SENTENCED
Twelve Tears of His Life to Be Spent at
Folsom Prison.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May IL— George
Miller, the highwayman who escaped
from Officer Monroe on February 20 and
exchanged a fusilade of shots with a half
dozen officers at First and Santa Clara
streets, in this city, was this morning sen
tenced to twelve years' imprisonment at
Folsom by Judge Lorigan for assaulting
Monroe with intent to murder.
Miller held up Charles Berryman on the
Los Gatqs road on February 20 and re
lieved nim of a gold watch and some
money. Later in the evening he was ar
rested by Constable Haley on suspicion of
being the robber. At the corner of First
and Santa Clara streets Haley turned
Miller over to Monroe, while he went in
search of Berryman to identify the man.
As soon as Haley had taken a few steps
Miller broke away from Mouroe and fired
two shots at him, one bullet going through
Monroe's coat-s!eeve. Tne highwayman
then started down the street, and a run
ning fight ensued, but Miller escaped in
the darkness. A month later he was ar
rested at Bakersfield. The charge of rob
bery was never pressed, as the identifica
tion was not complete.
Miller is an ex-convict, and pleaded
guilty to a prior conviction.
PROSPEROUS HERMANN BOSS.
Gratifying Reports Submitted by Grand
Officers of the Order.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 11.— The Califor
nia Grand Lodge of Hermann Sons opened
its eighteenth annual session in this city
this morning. Grand President L. Schar
enberg presided. Other grand officers iD
attendance were :
T. H. Kremple.vice-president; P. N. E.
Lampe, secretary; C Trautner, treasurer;
trustees— R. Re'chenbach and W. Lued
deke; 8. Simon, guide; L. M. Fabry, in
side watchman; E. Strahlmann, outside
watchman. Nineteen of the twenty-three
lodges in the State are represented Dy
about sixty delegates.
The reports of the grand officers showed
the order to be in a prosperous condition.
Grand Treasurer Trantner reported that
the funds on hand of the several lodges
amounted to $60,929 41. The recommen
dation of the grand president to open a
labor bureau in San Francisco was dis
cussed and it was finally adopted.
ENDLAVORENN TO MEET.
Convention of California Societies Will
Open on Thursday.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 11.— The State
convention of the Christian Endeavor So
cieties of California will meet in this city
next Thursday and continue in session
until Sunday. It is expected that nearly
2000 delegates will be in attendance, and
the local societies have made elaborate
preparations for their reception and enter
tainment. The carnival pavilion has Ixeu
secured for the meetings.
The convention will be called to order
by the State president, Giles Kellocg of
San Dieeo, who will arrive with the other
State officers and a delegation ot 100 on
Thursday from Los Angeles on a special
train.
TOUTHEDS INDENDLARIES.
Three Lads Arraigned for Setting Fire
in a House.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May Jl.— Three
youthful firebugs were arraigned before
Justice Gass this afternoon on a charge of
arson. They were Gussia Brechtel, aged
8 years, and Johnnie and Bertie Sullivan,
aged 12 and 7 respectively. After rec eiv
mg a good lecture, the elder two boys
were loceed up for a few hoars to frighten
them.
About three weeks ago the boys burned
a deserted house on the Cottle ranch on
the Monterey road, causing a loss of about
$500.
PARISH AGAINST PASTOR.
A Noted Boston Minister Who Refuses
Either to Resign or Submit to a
Reduction of Salary.
BOSTON, Mass., May 11.— There is a
lively contest on at the famous old "Brim
stone corner" between the parish and
pastor, the like of which probably has
never been seen before in the noted Park
street Congregational Church. The soci
ety wants the Rev. Isaac J. Lansing to
resign his pastorate, but he refuses.
Dr. Lansing is the man who achieved
National notoriety not long ago by pub
licly chaigine that President Cleveland
drank too much. He also publicly de
nounced Governor Greenhalge. His salary
has been reduced to $2000 For three years.
he has been getting $7000 a year. This is
the largest salary paid in Boston. There
is a deficit of $4500 in the church finances
this year.
A stormy meeting was held last week,
but the facts did not get out until yester
day. When a motion for the pastor's
resignation was introduced Lansing imme
diately declared with great vehemence his
great indignation that such a motion was
presented in such a way. He declared
that it would have no weight or effect with
him, and that he should retuse absolutely
to resign or submit to a reduction of sal
ary, no matter what action was taken at
that time relative to the motion. Then he
left the room in great anger.
After he had gone a vote was taken de
manding his resignation. It is understood
Lansing has taken legal advice, and that
he maintains that the only way to force
him out is by a council. In order to ob
tain this council the aociety, church and
pastor must unite in a call. If the pastor
refuses to do this the council cannot be
convened. In other words, the claim is
that he can remain as long as he chooses.
A PUZZLING INQUIRY
What Will Uncle Sam Charge for Dock
ing an English Warship?
NEW YORK. N. V., May 11.— A Times
special from Washington says: It is un
derstood that a British warship will be
docked at the Puget Sound drydock. Some
inquiry has come from Canadian officials
regarding the charge for docking an Eng
lish ship. Such a request from the Brit
ish Government is a novelty to the Navy
Department. That Government is so well
supplied with clocking facilities that it
rarely has to depend upon the courtesy of
other nations for such service.
The United States frequently asks for
the privilege of docking ships at foreign
docks. The charge usually made for
docking a warship is sufficient to cover
the cost of running the pumping plant and
the necessary incidental expense of filling
and emptying and refilling the dock. In
the case of a merchant ship the regular
charge for docking is made by the Govern
ment owning the dock.
In the case of the Puget Sound struc
ture there may be some delay in docking
a foreign ship as the dock does not yet
belong to the Government. It is still the
property of the contractors and their per
mission must be obtained before the docK
can be used.
The Greater Sew Torn Bill Signed.
ALBANY, N. V., May 11.— Governor
Morton has signed the greater New York
bill.
MUST STAND THE ISSUE
The "Supreme Court Refuses a
Rehearing in the Case of
Theodore F. Brown.
Traffic Managers Who Violate the
Interstate Laws To Be Held
Responsible.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— The
Supreme Court to-day refused a rehearing
in the case of Theodore F. Brown, general
auditor of the Allegheny Railroad at Pitts
burg Pa., who is charged with having
granted rebates to the Union Coal Com
pany. The court will now issue a man
date, and its opinion handed down a few
weeks ago will stand. This is a cause
celebre in railroad circles, and is of inter
est to railroad traffic people everywhere in
the country. Brown was chareea with
having in his official capacity specially fa
vored the Union Coal Company, but when
called upon by the Interstate Commerce
Commission to testify as to the facts he
refused to do so.
He was sent to jail for his refusal, but
was subsequently released on a writ of
habeas corpus. The case was taken to the
United States Supreme Court, which af
firmed the decision of the lower court
ordering Brown to testify as to the facts.
It will be seen that railroad traffic officials
charged with violating the provisions of
thejinterstate law can no longer hope to
screen themselves behind the plea that
their testimony might incriminate them,
but that they will have to testify, failing
to do which they will be committed to jail,
just as General Auditor Brown has feared.
BERING SEA TREATY
Ratifications About to Be Formally Ex-
changed With Great Britain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— It is
understood that Embassador Bayard and
the representative of the Foreign Office
will formally exchange ratifications in
London to-day or to-morrcw of the Bering
Sea sealing claims arbitration treaty,
which was amended by the Senate April
15. Promptly following this formality it
is expected that the President will appoint
the American arbitrator and that a Cana
dian will be appointed to represent Great
Britain.
Under the terms of the treaty the two
arbitrators will meet as soon as the cases
are ready for consideration at Victoria, B.
C, to determine damages accruing to
Canadian sealing vessels in the Bering Sea
prior to the Paris tribunal.
Under the provisions of this new con
vention the two arbitrators will take testi
mony at San Francisco if the cases cannot
all be completed at Victoria and they will
then report their findings to their respec
tive Governments! Wnere their recom
mendations agree the claims will be
promptly settled, but if any disagreements
occur such cases will be delivered to the
President of the Swiss republic, wtio has
consented to decide disputed points.
A COMING EVENT FORESHADOWED
Gray Gables Keing Overhauled for the
Reception of Mrs. Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.— When
the assertion was made a few days ago that
the President's house at Gray Gables had
been put in readiness for the family ; that
the President's favorite boat was being
overhauled, and that even the fish seemed
to be eagerly waiting for his appearance,
it was also viven out that Mrs. Cleveland
and the children would go to their house
on the shores of Buzzards Bay earlier this
year than usual.
The knowing ones smiled when they
heard that Mrs. Cleveland was about to re
tire from Washington society, and said
that Marion would soon be two years old.
The intervals ber.yeen the children in the
Cleveland family have so far been about
two years in each case, and gossips say
that the next interval will be about the
same; that the interesting event will take
place in July.
For a Monetary Conference.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 11.— Mr.
Corliss of Michigan offered in the House
to-day a resolution requesting the Presi
dent to invite the leading commercial na
tions of the world to join in an interna
tional monetary conference, to be held as
early as practicable. The proposed confer
ence is to be held in Washington, and
$100,000 is appropriated for defraying ex
penses.
Sot This Session.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 11.—Hub
bard of Missouri, who made tae mimority
report on Powers' funding bill, states posi
tively that the bill will not be considered
at this session. He gets his information
from a Representative who talked with
Speaker Reed. Senator White said to-day:
"No, the funding bill will not come up
this session. The Santa Monica project
has knocked it out."
LIKE BASQGO'S GHOST.
The Brown Case Sow Bobs Up Before
Chicago i'ongregationalists.
CHICAGO, 111., May 11.— A surprise
was sprung at the close of the regular
meeting of the Congregational ministers
of Chicago to-day when Rev. J. F. Loba,
secretary and chairman of the business
committee, introduced in a short speech a
resolution that a committee of five be ap
pointed to review the action of the Bay
Conference of Caliornia in suspending
from the ministry Rev. Charles O. Brown,
D.D., of the First Congregational Church
of San Francisco, after he had been found
not guilty of the charge of immorality by
a specially called council. After a brief
but spirited discussion the resolution was
carried by an almost unanimous vote and
the committee was appointed.
KILLED BY YAQUIK
Fate of Two Toung Americans Who Left
Soaalrs for Guatemala.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, May IL—Ad
vices reached here yesterday from Ures,
in the southern part of this State, that
John Lebner and Forest Moss, the two
young men who left Nogales, Ariz., two
months ago to walk to Guatemala, have
been killed by Yaqui Indians west of
that town. Both men were Americans,
and their route for nearly 100 miles lay
through the Yaqui Indian country. They
were warned of the danger of their under
taking before leaving Nogales.
TICKET SCALPING ILLEGAL.
Opinion of Justice Becker of the Supreme
Court of Appeals.
CHICAGO, 111.. May 11.— The Southern
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Sever Fails to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Costs 95 Cents to Xry It,
Any Druggist Will Get It for Tou. Study tht Directions.
Grand Division of the Supreme Court of
Appeals, in an opinion handed down by
Justice Becker at Vernon, 111., to-day
decided that ticket scalping is illegal.
The court refused to expunge its judg
ment, from the records in the appealed
case of George Burdick of Jackson County
against the people as represented Dy ttie
Illinois Central Railway Company. The
case will probably be taken to the United
States Supreme Court by the National
Ticket Brokers' Association.
OVER AN EMBANKMENT
Express Train Wrecked, One Person
Killed and Twenty-Six Injured.
SAVANNAH, Ga., May 11.— The north
bound New York and Florida limited
express on the Florida Central and Penin
sular Railway, was thrown from the track
at Anderson, a small station ten miles
south of here to-day, by a misplaced
switch. The entire train, with the excep
tion of the body of the engine, was derailed
and rolled over an embankment.
Louis Nathans, aged 30, was Killed and
twenty-six people were injured, but none
of them fatally. There were 203 passen
gers on the train. The statements of the
conductor and engineer snow that the
disaster was the result of a deliberate plot
to wreck thd train. All the injured were
Southern people.
PRISON GATES APENED
Mrs. Brant Pardoned and Returned to
Her Family.
LINCOLN, Nebk,, May 11.— There was a
pathetic scene within the walls of the State
Penitentiary to-day when Mrs. Frances
Brant, who, last August, shot and killed
Fred Reiver in Madison County, was par
doned by Governor Holcomb and rejoined
her family. She is soon to become a
mother. Brant and his four small chil
dren had driven in a wagon all the way
from Madison County and camped on the
prairie near the penitentiary. Leading
Lincoln ladies joined with the husband in
pleading for executive clemency. Brant is
weakminded, and the murdered man
abused him and trespassed on his farm.
Carpenters' Strike Compromised.
NEWARK, N. J.. May 11.— The carpen
ters' strike ended in a compromise to-night.
The bosses have agreed to give the men
$2 50 a day until August 1 and $2 75 there
after with eight hours on Saturday. The
men asked for a $2 75 per day uniform
scale.
Sir Jacob Hesigns.
CAPE TOWN, South Afuica, May 11.—
Sir Jacob Dewett, British Diplomatic Agent
to the Transvaal, has resigned. The action
of Sir Jacob during the troubles in the
Transvaal has been severely criticized.
Some of the papers here charge that he
was working more in the interests of the
Boers than the English.
Was Galimberto Poisoned t
ROME, Italy, May 11.— Persistent ru
mors are in circulation that the death of
Cardinal Galimberto, prefect of the ponti
ficial archives, was not due to natural
causes. It is suspected that he was
poisoned. An investigation has been de
manded.
Father Yorke Again.
Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy w ni preside at the lec
ture "Noontide of Freedom," to be given this
evening by Father Yorke in Metropolitan Tem
ple under the auspices of the American Wo
men's Liberal League. This concludes the
course of five lectures on the "Civil and Re
ligious Liberty." Mme. Casate will render a
contralto solo.
Tickets can be secured at the headquarters
of the league. Room 6. Ponohoe building.
B
efore you use a Sarsa-
parilla be Bur,e you get the right kind.
There are two kinds of Sarsaparilla. One
kind contains iodide of potassium and
brings out on your face pimples, boils,
sores, ulcers; and the other kind contains
Sarsaparilla and only herbs. The last
kind is the best kind, and you want the
best. Therefore get
•
If you are suffering from a bad Dlood
disorder, or if you just only feel spring
tired, use the best blood purifier, Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla cures affec-
tions of the Liver, Kidneys, Bowels and
Stomach. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
cures Constipation. It never gripes. You
can take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla all
the year or at any time of the year. It is
the great family medicine chest. It is the
only laxative remedy that does not show a
sting. ' It does not gripe or pain or irritate.
It will, cure many chronic , disorders if
taken as per bottle directions. Don't take
a substitute for Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla.
B tw SI yi SM del fipHQH |H^«
Quickly, Thoroughly,
■^^««?9 Forever Cured.
i \ « suffer nervousness,
V mental worry, attacks-
Forever Cored.
Four out of five who
suffer nervousness,
mental worry, attacks
« LJ JtSSZ&jfli jj of " the bines, 11 are but
paying the penalty of
v-JwlV: *X *m£J3}jkjf \ early excesses. ■ Vie
tima, reclaim your
- . ' 'manhood, regain your
Vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
■ — ~. ~ — : ~~ ~ : —
Opposite U. 8. Mint, ,100 and 102 Fifth st., 'b»a
1 ran Cisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. - Board an room, $1. $1 25 and $1 50 per
day,^according to room. . Meals 25a Rooms, aOa
and 750 a day. Fre« coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the co.icii heart ng the name of ttia Co*
mopolltan Hotel. • WE FAHEY, 'Proprietor.
KEW tO-PAt:
DOCTOR SWEANY
THAT THIS NOTED SPECIALIST
-^- stand pre-eminently at the head of the '
medical profession is no longer a question-
of doubt. That he has investigated far-
ther into the mysteries of life, and pene-
trated deeper the secrets of disease, than
his quite worthy, but less successful asso-
ciates, is now acknowledged by all. His
experience is life-long, and his record right
here in San Francisco, at 737 Market street,
is simply a series of professional triumphs. \
There are thousands upon thousands in !
this land to-day who are praising his name,
because he has made their lives happy and
brought sunshine into their homes. The
following are among the diseases he cures:
¥IH\PW Inflammation of, Brie-it's disease,' ■
IV I LI ft diabetes, congestion the kidneys,?
uraemia, gravel, stone.
DI tnnn? Inflammation, cvstltus, cyster-'
DL.iVVLR rhea, catarrh of the bladder.
FIT All cases of »cute or chronic inflamma-
lilu tion, far or near sightedness, dimness of
vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eyeduct,'
squinting, cross-eyed.wild hairs, syphilitic sore'
eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of the lids,
etc.
m Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar-
ing noises, thickened drum, inflamma-
tion of external ear, purulent discharging from
ear, etc. "■;-.. • ■
lIP 111 Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive
IIDHIIf headache, dull, full feeling, loss of
memory, dizziness, ■ softening of . the brain,
tumors and eczema of the scalp.
TIIRAIT Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
IHRIMi chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-;
sils and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking. -
l l'Vfi Consumption in the first and second
LlilU stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron-
chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains chest,
difficulty in breathing, hepatizations, asthma,
etc.
HPiliT Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
lIL.IUI heart, ; dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc. '
UTAMtni Catarrh, ulceration and acid dy a-'
illViil.-Hjil pepsia. indigestion, pain and full-
ness after eating, heartburn, waterbrash and
difficulty in swallowing.
IHTR «P||Tl[ All diseases of the liver.
Ml 1,11, ill LLuil spleen, bowels, all. nervous
anil reflex disorders, rheumatism and. all skin
diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip-
joint disease, old sores, fever sores, stiff joint,
hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous prostration.
DIjpTIIDP Piles, fistula, varicocele, ' hydro-
Ill>l ll'ul/ cele, and all swelling and ten-
derness quickly cured without pain or deten-
tion from business. -
YAFIHT" MVX lf you are troubled with
lVtiiiU lilbil, night emissions, exhausting
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci- ■
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which de-
Drive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage — if you"
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEifisi
of you troubled with weak, achinc backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; potency or weakness -of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and • prer..tu*i.*e.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success. ir.""' .-
PRIVSTP diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, In-
-IHI I ill flammations, Discharges, -Stric-
tures, Weakness of Organs, Syphilis, Hydrocele,
Varicocele and kindred troubles, quickly cured
without pain and detention from business. .:
RIMD 4 I'D WIY Diseases,' Sores, Spots,
DW\W rliilF Mill Pi mD les. Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
] icated, leaving the system in a strong', pure
and healthful state. .
DISK USES ftP WftMF\ V you are suffering
UldL<W£i.>Ur IllMlLll from any of the dis-
eases peculiar to your sex, such as falling or dis-
placement of the womb, leucorrhea, suppressed
or painful menstruation, inflammation *' or
ulceration, bloating, headaches, spinal weak-
ness or any disease of the to-urinary or-
gans, call or write to him, and ne will tell yon
just what can be done for you.
FREE TREATMENT .Sg^,^^'
Friday afternoons. . - -Vr
WRITP your troubles if living away from
If 11 11 the city. Thousands cured at homo :
by correspondence, and medicines sent secure
from observation. A book of important infor-
mation sent free to those describing their trou-
bles. .
OFFICE HOURS: 9 till 12 a. m. and 2 till
5 and 7 till 8 p. si. Sundays, 10 till 12 only.;
F. L.SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal..
Opposite Examiner Office.
DB-PIEBCE'Si
TWO CURED WITH .
SKATTLK, Wash., I 1
M^ff^^^H^r^ai October 19. 1895. I \
X^'-Z(t?¥§£¥%Vlr* Some time ago I bongh? /
&onie time ago I bought*-/
•nWfi 'tf^ one of your Electric Belts
{•• ' * or Lame Back, caused by
*i?w - trouble with' my kidneys, '
**>v and In three days* time
the pain disappeared and has not, troubled m* - ■
since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle in
curing my complaint, for it was so had before I
wore the Belt that - I was laid up in the hospital .
and could not wo: . ■ :* ■ .
After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
and the same Belt that cured me cured
him also. I have recommended your Belt to ,
every one 1 could hear of who was.sick, and shall ■
continue to do so hereatter. for it is certainly a
great invention. Yours truly, •■ . -
I'KANCIS VICTOR WILBEB. ;
JK3"For price list and full particulars of DB. '
PIKRCE'S wonderful Belts, call or write for fre« ' g
"PamDhlet No. 2." ■ ■ ; ;
Address— DR. PIKRCE&SON, 704 Sac- a
ramento street (cor. Kearny), 2d, 3d and 4th 9
floors, SAN FRANCISCO. ... . - : ;
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL BOOM
. : . ■ OK THJE
PALACE HOTEL. ]
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.,
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. v -
Baja California :
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodlsiao and specific tome for ta« /
•exual and urinary : organs of both sexes, and %
in-eat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad- •
tier. A great Restorative, Invigoratoraad Nervina.
Bells on ■ its own : Merits— no long-winded teaii* ':'. V;
monials necessary. . ..•.-. -••-. .■•.-• ? . ' " '1
• - i.r.K. vl.l'.S & BBUNE, Agents, ' i
323 Market St.. . S. F.-Csend for Circular.) <
NOTARY PUBLIC. _
PH ABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT- i i
\J , law and Notary Public, 638 M ■ rket at., oppo- : j
Bite Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kesidenco l<J2f '
, Fell it. Telephone; "Pine" 2591. •'
56
, CHARLES M. SHOKTRIOQB,
\ ■ - Editor and Proprietor. ;
' Subscription RATES-Postage Free:
pally and Bunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
*, Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
; Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
; Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.60
j Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Caul, one year, by mu11....... 1.50
%'xkiii.y Call, one year, by ma 11........ 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on, a vacation ? It
to, It la no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will ;
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will - receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Matn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
I Her hen* Maln-1874 j
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
SS9 Bares street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
713 Lark'.n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tw. corner Sixteenth and .Mission streets; open
in til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 in th street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms 81 and 32, S4 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY..... .MAY 12, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is our turn to have a frolic.
We ought to have a fiesta just to cap the
climax.
The latest breeze from Cuba may yet be
a storm before it blows over.
About as soon as the Democrats find a
Presidential candidate they find that he is
a quitter.
I The Populists have the undivided atten
tion of the State, and let us hope they will
use it well.
This country stood the Virginius out
rage once, but it will never do f<ir Spain to
try it again.
A San Francisco fiesta has a sweet al
literative sound that would go trippingly
on every tongue.
To get all the news of the campaign you
must get The Call and read the United
Press dispatches.
Even Bonrbon Democrats have their
sensibilities and refuse to hurrah for a de
ficit administration.
Let us invite the queen? of all the festi
vals of the State to come to town and
show their pretty gowns.
Getting the people used to the transfer
nuisance is about the same as getting eels
used to being ssinned alive.
Perhaps General AVeyler would like a
war with the United States in order to get
Uncle Sam to help him out of Cuba.
The best possible fusion for intelligent
Populists is to fuse with the party of
~p"Htrie!isrfl, "protection and prosperity.
If the Chicago convention cannot find a
Democratic candidate it might take a
mugwump. There are few of them stiil
living.
The hot hostility of Germany against
British aggression in South Africa is called
by diplomatists "an attitude of cold neu
trality."
In his adventures with his brother-in
law the versatile Mr. Kipling seems to
have found another story and something
of the jungle kind.
There is a good prospect that the Oregon
will break the warship record to-day, and
California will have another feather in her
cap to be proud of.
When Xansen gets home from the north
' pole there will be a job for him in search
ing for the British expedition that disap
peared up the Nile.
The delegate who walked to the Populist
Convention from Sonoma evidently be
lieves that victory over the railroad can be
gained in a walk-over.
The only proper fusion for free silver
men of any party is with ttie Republicans,
for only they are in a position to win the
( battle for bimetallism this year.
There is reason to believe that some of
the Eastern prediction bureaus are not only
counting chickens before they are hatched,
but eggs before they are laid.
It may be true that by a vigorous Cuban
i policy Cleveland could make sure of a re
w nomination, but it is doubtful if the old
a man has tnat much vigor in him.
n According to all the prospects of the
" time it seems the Republican Convention
, at St. Louis will be the most deliberative
body of the kind that ever assembled.
{As Delaware has declared for Quay, the
report that he had decided to withdraw
from the Presidential race was evidently
intended solely for Western consumption.
To have a festival that would sum up
'all the glories of Santa Barbara, Los An
geles, San Jose, Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz
and Healdsburg would make a frolic just
about our size.
Even those citizens who ure roost eagei
to increase the population of San Fran^
cisco will admit we have people enough
now to support a well-paid Fire Depart
ment, and ought to do it.
In threatening to shoot the American;
captured on board the Competitor Genera]
Weyler is pitching such an easy ball to tht
administration that if Olney doesn't make
a home strike he ought to be put out.
Democrats who have been hoping the
Populists would help them out will
find little pleasure in the Sacramento con
vention. The delegates to that body are
not willing to be dumped into political de
ficit this year.
The plan for a park in the Mission is a
■■• good one and should be .: cordially sup
. : - ported. The people in that district of the
: " • City . ere -entitled to a public '-.pleasure
; ground near their homes, and the sooner
I good one should be cordially sup
ported. The people in that district of the
City are entitled to a public pleasure
ground near their homes, and the sooner
the City provides it the cheaper and better
it will be. * . •
: ' Every young man should strive to get
1f,., into harmony with the prevailing senti
ment of his countrymen and cast his first
Presidential vote for the choice of the
.•; people, and the way to do that this year is
j4». tt» join the Republican party and vote for
?~j trie man who stands for National pros
perity.
THE POPULIST CONVENTION.
The Populist convention at Bacramento
will have during its sessions the undi
vided attention of the State. It has not
been a very strong party in tbe past, and
its chances of carrying California have
been remote, but in the present demoral
ized condition of the Democratic party
there is something more than a possibility
that it will show a largely increased
vote in this campaign and may rank on
election day as the second party in the
State.
In estimating the elements of its
strength no observant man can overlook
the earnest zeal which inspires so large a
portion of its members. There are in it,
of course, many of those erratic men who
shift and change lightly from one party to
another by lack of any fixed principles of
action. There are also, of course, many of
the disappointed otlice-seekers of other
parties, who have joined it in the hope of
personal advancement. These, however,
are comparatively few in number, and
though being in the main given to much
verbosity and able to occupy a large part
of the discussions at Populist meetings,
are by no means so influential as they
appear from their speeches. This conven
tion we may be sure will be dominated by
earnest men, and whatever they under
take to do will be done with the zeal of re
formers who will not compromise prin
ciples for the sake of electing an ottice
seeker or two to some minor positions.
The line between the earnest supporters
of Populist principles and the mere office
seeking element can be easily drawn. The
earnest men stand for a straight-out con
test for the principles to which they are
devoted. The seekers after spoils, on the
other band, are willing to compromise,
combine, fuse, and even confuse, witn any
other party or set of men that promises to
give them a vote and help obtain the
spoils. This dividing line will be seen at
Sacramento, as it is seen at every Populist
convention, but there seems every pros
pect that the earnest men will win, and
the party lines remain intact.
It cannot be denied that in the demoral
ization of Democracy Populism has a great
opportunity. From the disorganized and
discouraged ranks of the old foe it can
draw many recruits if it acts boldly and
refuses compromise. If, however, it makes
any alliance with the party of G rover
Cleveland, it is lost. This the convention
at Sacramento will probably see, and act
accordingly. Even if it fails to see it, how
ever, no great harm can be done. The
platform of the Republican party is good
enough for every intelligent Populist to
stand on, and if his own party should
blunder in convention he can easily rem
edy the evil so far as he is concerned by
voting for the men who represent patriot
ism, protection ana prosperity.
A NEEDED PARK.
It is encouraging to observe that Park
Commissioner Austin, president of the
board, is strongly in favor of establishing a
park for the people of the Mission. lie
makes a suggestion that is eminently de
serving of attention. It is that part of the
thirty-six acres comprised in Buena Vista
Park be sold under the authorization of the
Legislature, and that the proceeds be de
voted to the purchase and improvement of
a park for the Mission residents. As lie
properly says, Buena Vista Park is so near
Golden Gate Park that the improvement
of the whole tract would not be a distinct
advantage to the City, its only special
value being tne great elevation of its
highest part. This is 510 feet, and the
reservation and improvement of a tract
including it would serve all the useful
purposes which the entire tract is capable
of developing. The absence of water at
that great elevation must for some time
remain a barrier to its improvement.
This opens a way for the Supervisors to
furnish the Mission with a recreation
place, of which it stands greatly in need.
It will be necessary only to ask the Legis
lature to pass the act authorizing the sa!e.
The superior attractions of the lower
reaches of Buena Vista Park for residence
purposes are bound to produce ready pur
chasers for the property, as water can be
furnished and the view is one of the finest
in the City. The reservation of the high
est part and the erection of an observatory
upon it would serve as an additional at
traction to buyers.
Whatever may be the method adopted
for introducing a park to the Mission,
such a resort must be furnished. Mr.
Austin's suggestion is particularly ac
ceptable in view of the fact that it con
templates no addition to tne tax levy and
will likely not meet with objection from
any source. It is true that in years gone
by great public injury has been inflicted
by legislative acts authorizing the sale of
public lands in this City, but with so
many existing agencies for the prevention
of fraud there i 3 a reasonable assurance
that nothing wrong will be attempted.
The present distribution of parks in the
City is about as unfair as it could possibly
be. The section north of Market street
has no more parks than it needs, but that
is no reason for their virtual absence on
the south side of the City. It is to the
interest of all the people to unite in some
action to secure this desirable result.
THE SUGAR INDUSTRY.
Tne article on the beet-sugar industry of
California which appeared in the last
issue of Thomas Magee & Sons' Real
Kstate Circular deserves the attention of
all sections of the State where it may be
possible to cultivate the sugar beet. It is
a fact familiar to all that Claus Spreckels
has a standing offer to the whole State to
furnish beet seeds and full instructions for
cultivation to all who will make experi
ments to ascertain whether their land is
suited to the crop. In case a sufficient
body of land in any section is found to be
adapted to the beet Mr. Spreckels will
erect a factory, buy the crop at a profit
able figure and manufacture it into sugar.
As only a small part of each farmer's land
would be required for the experiment,
and the crop is an annual and the result
of the experiment is ascertainable in a
single year, it would seem that the offer
should prove tempting to the more pro
gressive farmers of the State.
Majjee's Circular quotes Mr. Spreckels as
saying that he hoDes his life will be spared
long enough to see the State making not
only all of our beet sugar, but exporting
$ 50.000,000 worth more of it to the Atian^
tic States; then he would die content,
"and," said he with emphasis, '-we can
easily do that within a few years." The
East now imports between $75,000,000 and
$100,000,000 worth of sugar, nearly all of
which, Mr. SprecKels says, California can
easily make. Mr. Spreckels also told his
friends that he had repeatedly been of
fered $10,000,000 by New York capitalists,
with whom he has had previous dealings.
They want the money invested in Cali
fornia, in his full charge and unhampered
direction. While Mr. Spreckels is in Eu
rope he will inspect the great sugar fac
tories of France and Germany, ana see if
they have any improvement in machinery
and methods which may be of use to him.
An interesting feature of the matter is
that the lands which have been used for
grain are often be found to be perfectly
i suited to sugar beets. Thus, not long ago ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
Mr. Bpreckels bought 6000 acres of land
within reach of his Watsonville sugar fac
tory in addition to his formor holdings.
This land has long been used for wheat,
barley and oats, and it is needless. to in
form a California farmer that a compar
ison between the returns on sugar beets
and grain is impossible. If all the grain
lands in California should be converted
into sugar-beet farms it would not be dif
ficult to imagine the effect on the pros
perity of the State.
The Circular publishes these important
facts: "Beet culture has only begun, and
its extension will withdraw from wheat
growing immense tracts in the San Joa
quin and Sacramento valleys, while, by
reducing the wheat area, it will tend to
better the price of that staple. Beets grown
in France and Germany yield 8 to 10 per
cent of sugar only; here our lands yield
14 to 18 per cent, and without special fer
tilization. There, but for Government
bounties, the business could not be made
successful. "\Vnen California gets to manu
facturing $50,000,000 worth of beet sugar
lor annual export East tbe shipment of re
lined sugar to Atlantic ports from Ger
many and France, on which there is a
heavy import duty, will greatly decline, if
it does not entirely cease."
A MATTER OF NEWS.
The summary of the news regarding the
progress of the Presidential campaign
which was sent out from tbe East on Sun
day nignt affords another of the many
illustrations of the superiority of tbe
United Press dispatches over those of its
rival, the Associated Press. This superior
ity does not consist merely in amplitude
of reports, but in that accuracy of state
ment which is necessary to give the reader
a comprehensive knowledge of the condi
tion of affairs.
In the particular instance to which at
tention is called our morning contempor
aries, both of which receive Associated
Press dispatches, gave exactly the same
news regarding the prospects of the vote
at the St. Louis convention. Both gave
the estimates made by Congressman
Grosvenor and neither gave any more.
The Call, on the other hand, gave not
only the statement of Grosvenor as fully
as the other papers, but also equally full
estimates and statements from ex-Senator
Platt and Congressman Aldrich.
How important it is for the reader to
have all these statements before him in
order to reach a true knowledge of the con
dition of affairs can be made evident by a
simple recapitulation of the estimates
themselves. According to Grosvenor's
bulletin, which constituted all the news
on this subject given by the Associated
Tress, there are 483 uncontested and
pledged votes for McKinley already
elected, and, inclnding the contested votes,
548. By this showing McKinley would be
nominated on the first ballot. According
to Platt's estimates, however, McKinley
is at present 145 votes Bhort of the 460
necessary to nominate, while Congress
man Aldrich allows him 361 votes uncon
tested, or 90 less than a majority and 127
less than Grosvenor claims.
It will lie seen that the additional facts
given by the United Press and ignored by
the Associated Press reveal the condition
of the Presidential contest under a wholly
different aspect. People who wish to
know the truth must of course get reports
from all sides, a3 the United Press does.
The Call, being the only morning paper
in San Francisco that receives the United
Press dispatches, is the only one that
gives the fullness of news essential to an
accurate understanding of what is coiner
on. It is therefore plain that whatever
other paper a man may take he must read
The Call also if tie wishes to get all the
news and keep himself posted.
A MARE'S NEST.
The biggest mare's nest discovered thus
far during tne cumpaigri is to be found
in the rumor that the report of the
committee of credentials at the Sacra
mento convention was never adopted by
the convention itself. It must be admitted
that if this discovery can be established in
truth it will be something worth clamor
ing about, for if the report of tbe commit
tee was not adopted then no credentials
were approved, no delegate had a right to
a seat, the convention was an unorganized
mass-meeting and the whole thing will
have to be done over again.
Fortunately the alleged discovery can
be easily proved to be false. The report of
the committee on credentials was adopted
in due form and order by the necessary
vote. The work of the convention was all
right from beginning to end. As a
matter of fact the very issue was
raised in the convention itself and was
disposed of in short order by the state
ment of Chairman Arthur that the report
had been adopted. The columns of all our
newspapers containing reports of the con
vention show this to be the fact, the whole
snbsequent proceedings of the conven
tion attest it, and the minutes of
secretary record it. If the seats of any of
the California delegation are to be con
tested at St. Louis the contestants will
have to get better grounds than that.
The men who will form the National Con
vention will have too much work on hand
to waste time investigating a mare's nest.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
On the occasion of the coronation of the
Czar at Moscow no fewer than forty-nine lady
lingers, each of whom claims the rank of
prima donna, will sing in Moscow.
Li Hung Chang, the Chinese Viceroy, win
travel around Europe after attending the cor
onation in Moscow, and will visit Vienna and
Buda-Pesth. He will stop some time in the
Hungarian capital to review the millennial
exhibition.
Russell Sage is very fond of driving and has
scarcely missed a daily ride in Central Park in
thirty-nine years, except when he is absent
from the city. He generally drives two horses,
but is trying a team of four which will trot
evenly together.
Prince Albert of Flanders, who has just come
of age, is presumably the next neir to tne
throne of Belgium, as his father, the Count of
Flanders, who is the younger brother of Leo
pold 11, has intimated his Intention not to ac
cept the crown should it fall to him.
The Lee family of Virginia has had no rep
resentative in the Federal army for more than
thirty-four years. The succession in this ser
vice is now to be renewed in the person of
George Mason Lee, the 19-year-old son of Gen
eral Fitzuugh Lee, the Confederate cavalry
commander.
At Marlborough House recently the Princess
of Wales and the Princesses Victoria and
Maud by the electrophone listened to popu
lar selections At the leading London theaters,
etc., including the opera at Drury Lane. The
installation is fitted in the private boudoir of
the Princess of Wales.
Marion Crawford says that his experience in
the East convinces him that the Armenians
are the "sharpest, shrewdest and trickiest of
all Eastern peoples." It is proverbial there
that "it takes ten Turks to equal one Arme
nian and five Armenians to equal one Persian
in sharp business dealings."
There has just passed away, in the person of
Mrs. Mitchell, Hawick, the last surviving
daughter of a well-known border celebrity,
who for many years kept the small inn at the
head of St. Mary's Loch. This Inn was fre
quented by Hogg, the Ettrick Shepherd, Pro
fessor Wilson and others alluded to in the
"Notes Ambrosianae. "
PERSONAL.
J. C. Cherry of Detroit is in town.
J. O. Carlisle of Forbestown is at the Lick.
C. T. Blisi of Nevada, arrived here yesterday.
W. D. Keyser, the stago owner of Pie ta, is
here.
Judge John D. Bicknell of Lot Angeles is in
the City.
J. P. Book, an electrician of Los Angeles, is at
the Russ.
J. E. Powell of Washington, D. C, is at the
Occidental.
W. G. Tebbetts, a mining man of Denver, is
at the Palace.
diaries C. Milburn of Washington, D. C, is
at the Palace.
W. P. Townsend, a business man of Hollister,
is at the Grand.
E. T. Earl of Los Angeles wu one of the ar
rivals yesterday.
J. 3. Crutcher, a deputy constable of Fresno,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
R. O'Neal, a mining man of Bishop, Inyo
County, is at the Russ.
Colonel A. F. Jones of Oroville came down
to the Bay City yesterday.
Eugene Fechet, a mining engineer of Oro
Blanco, Ariz., is at the Palace.
Charles Erickson, the railroad contractor of
San Luis Obispo, is at the Grand.
Among the arrivals at the Palace is Justice
of the Peace C. D. Emery ot Seattle.
R. E. Hyde, the wealthy banker and ex
tensive landowner of Visalia, is on a visit here.
George F. Geiffe. who is connected with the
Megalia mine, near Oroville, iB a late arrival
here.
James H. Flanagan, the wealthy merchant
and mill-owner of Coos Bay, is here on a busi
ness trip.
J. A. Hughes, an attorney of Seattle, a mem
ber of the firm of Struve, McMicken <fc Hughes,
is at the Palace.
Judge W. J. Dowley of Los Banos, Merced
County, is at the Cosmopolitan. He intends to
open a law office in this City.
Mrs. L. Barrett of Cripple Creek was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Grand. She is ac
companied by several friends.
Charles F. McGlashen, the attorney of
Truckee, for a long time owner and editor of
the Truckee Republican, is in the City.
Dr. J. C. Grasett, one of the old-time and
wealthy physicians of Toronto, is at the Lick.
He is here to see different parts of the State.
The Rev. David Thompson and Mrs. Thomp
son, who have for some yean been engaged in
mission work at and near Tokio, have arrived
here on their way East.
Exed Cooper, the Los Angeles theatrical
manager, is bere and expects to secure a lease
of either the Bush-street Theater or the un
finished theater in the Bt. Nicholas Hotel.
Supervisors A. W. Francisco and \V. F. Wood
ardof Los Angeles and Supervisor E. S. Gray
of Sonoma, who have been attending the good
roads convention at San Jose, are at the
Palace. ____^_^____
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 11.— At the West
minster, MUa Oknoed, Miss H. D. Veassel;
Stewart, R. Irving; Imperial. Mrs. Aubrey,
J. F. Evans, J. Malownsky, T. M. McFurliner;
Gilsey, J. G. Mallory; Park Avenue, Colonel
H. B. Bristol, Mrs. W. T. Carpenter, Barret J.
Eldridge; Savoy, Mr. and Mr 3. C. W. Rosen
baum; Netherlands, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. John
son; Hoffman, T. Sloan. Sailed per steamship
Lahn for Bremen via Southampton : Herman
Grimm, Mr. and Mrs. Anton Kellig, Albert
N'eimeyer, George Prinz.
LADY'S CHEMISE.
A graceful shape which hangs from a rquare
yoke is a much liked style of chemise. The
yoke may be of embroidery lace or tne goods.
A ruffle of lace gathered at the edge with baby
ribbon is a novel mode of trimming the arm
size.
Dainty garments of batiste exquisitely made
by hand have very fine embroidered insertion
for a yoke, edited with fine Val. lace on both
sides. Others have rows of inch-wide inser
Uon, with narrow lace insertion between
These are sewn together in long strips and
folded at the corners of yoke. A yoke of lace
insertion alone is not quite so serviceable, but
is very pretty. This is often finished, at the
edges with lace braiding, through which baby
ribbon is run. At the edge of this braiding is
a frill of lace to match the insertion, tbe lace
used varying from half an inch to four inches
in width. This trimming is especially liked
on lawn chemises. Muslin is more often
trimmed with embroidery of torchon lace.
Point de Paris is a desirable lace for lawn,
cambric and muslin, as it wears well.
CONSIDERABLY BRIGHTENED.
The Kern Standard.
Thk Call and the Report, the most influen
tial morning and evening papers, respectively,
in San Francisco, have come out flat-footed for
woman suffrage and will use their best endeav
ors to compass the success of the eleventh
amendment The Republican State Conven
tion also passed a resolution favoring it, and
the prospect of its adoption is considerably
brightened.
RAPIDLY ADVANCED.
Seattle Times.
Pacific Coast journalism seems to have re
ceived a new impetus from the San Francisco
Call. A year ago The Call was but little
known outside of the city in which it is pub
lished, but from the time C. M. Shortridge be
came its publisher it has rapidly advanced un
til it is a strong rival of the other San Fran
cisco dailies and excels them in many respects.
The Call bears eloquent testimony of what
journalistic ability, combined with unlimited
capital, may do in a field already occupied by
established newspapers.
NO FUNDING BILL IN OURS.
Fresno .Republican.
The Republicans of California in convention
assembled did many judicious and commend
able things, but among them all not one was
wiser than the adoption of the autl-funding
resolution. Without tout plank the many
merits of the platform would have seemed ob
scure to a great many of the voters of the
Btat«; to their minds the other excellencies
would hardly have compensated for such a
"one thing missing." The funding bill is a
live issue in California— one of the livest of
issues, in fact— and no omission by any party
can make it anything else. We firmly believe
that a failure to have passed the resolution
would have cost the party thousands of votes
In this State jn tne coming election.
THE BIDWELL AND FIELD OAKS.
San Francisco Post.
A contemporary tells a story of an oak tree at
Monterey, which, It declares, outrivals the
glories of the Sequoia gigantea. It calls this
oak the Justice Field Oak, because its unusual
spread of branches was first noticed by
Timothy J. Field, a nephew of the Justice of
tba* name. The account puts the cap-sheaf
of emphasis on the magnitude cf the oak by
saying that 1000 people could stand under its
boughs. The Monterey oak may be a ronser,
but it is a Fcrub compared to an oak tree
growing on the ranch of General Bidwell at
cnico. This oak was visited twenty »years ago
by General William Tecumseh Sherman in
company with Sir Joseph Hooker, the English
botanist, who declared the oak to be the
largest in the world, and General Sherman,
after due deliberation, said that 7000 men
could stand on tne area inclosed w;thin a circle
arawn around the extreme points of the ex
tended boughs of the tree. Whoever doubts
this statement is at liberty to visit the oak,
measure the spread of its branches and make
hie own computation. The Bidwe.l onk is un
doubtedly the largest tree of its species in the
world.
A KINDLY ACT.
Los Angelea Labor Worli.
The San Francisco Call last Monday con
tained a three-column review of the growth of
trades unions in Los Angeles. A iaetropolitan
paper that will devote this amount of space to
organized labor in a sister city demonstrates
its friendliness to the interests of labor. Ac
companying the sketch were the photographs
of officers of the Council of Labor, President P.
McXamara, Secretaries H. E. Martens and E.
R. Holman, President Booth of the Clerks' As
sociutiou and President J. H. McWilliams of
the Labor Congress. The Call, under the
present management, has at all times been
friendly to organized labor, a position duly
appreciated, both in San Francisco and Los
Angeles. That was a kindly act on its part
when it agreed to dispense with the type-set
ting machines for two years upon a concession
of the San Francisco Typographical Union of a
reduction in scale. This last act in opening
its columns for a review of the growth of the
different trades unions in Los Angeles in still
another evidence of The Call's friendship for
organized labor.
MY LADY'S HAT.
Mysterious Thing!
Composed of frills and feathers, ribbons, lace.
And flowers, and birds, and vegetable things,
And imitation jewelry and beads,
Anil buckles, wire and silk, and cotton bombazine,
And Lord knows what besides;
I wot not what they may be.
Inordinate Thing!
Stupendous, thou, and vast beyond clear compre
hension.
Thou «oarest like some heaven-kissing hill,
Thou spreadest like a banyan tree.
Prodigious, am pie, large, indefinite In size,
Enormous, huge, immense, colossal, big—
Thou measureu much too much to reckon up.
Tmbrageons Thing !
The shadows 'neath thy spreading trim
Are Stygian in their darkness.
Thou wardest off the brightest rays
Of noonday sun, electric light, or gas.
Methiuka thou art proof against the Roentgen ray.
Kxacerbatlng Thing!
I sit behind the at the play,
And holding myself together, not with ease.
So monstrous i» the rage that rends my soul.
Innocuous, all the dear, delightful naughtiness
Displayed upon the stage— but not for me.
Unseen, the beauties of the ballet face,
And I, who paid two prices for my seat,
sit. cursing, crying, wringing hands
In anguish, all because of thee.
Beloved Tning!
My lady loves thee, and I needs must, too.
Those errant whims that lead her fancy, far
Beyond the limits of my feebler wit.
Suilirient ure to justify worse things than thou.
So. though my heart is faint within me, when
I ponder thy preposterous character,
I still do love thee for that thou art hers.
David a. Curtis In New York Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Day iv 1858-A. O. S., City. The Ist of
January, 1858, fell on Friday.
Tulare— A. O. 8., City. The latest official
figures give the Tulare County population as
17,249, Tulare City 2697.
Brown's Salary— H. F., City. The salary C.
O. Brown received as pastor of the First Con
gregationul Church was $4000 a year.
The Parkott BriLDiNQ Stkike— J. X., City.
The demand of the strikers at the Parrott
building was that the building should be un
ionized. Certain concessions were mude and
the building was unionized.
A Rrx of Four— J. 8., City. The answer to
the following question in cribbage is that C
cannot claim a run of four: "A plays 7, BU
(bis last card), (' 4; A follows with a 5 and
claims a run of 4 ; O then plays a 4 and claims
a run of four. Can be do so?"
Polar Expeditions— Subscriber, City. At
the Free Public Library you will find in
"Haydn's Dictionary of Dates," edition of
1895, or in "Harper's Encyclopedia ot Facts,"
a complete list of all the polar expeditions,
and the date and departure of each ; also the
date of return of many of them.
Number Thirteen— N. N., City. There is a
great deal of superstition in regard to the
number thirteen, and many hold that It Is
unlucky because of the fact that there were
that number at the table at the Last Supper.
Ko one has yet been able to give any reason
able answer to the question "Why is No. 13
unlucky?" and probably no one ever will.
The Park Commissioners— H. T., City. The
Park Commissioners of this City and County
are Alexander Austin, Irving M. Scott and
John Rosenft'ld. Mr. Austin resides at the
Lick House, Irving M. Scott is at the Union
Works and Mr. Rosenfeld has his office with
John Koseufeld's Sons, Pine and Sansome
streets. Mr- Rosenfeld has been absent in New
York on leave of absence.
Notice to Correspondents— lt has been
stated time and again that this department
does not advertise private businesses, firms, or
individuals who are engaged in professions or
business, and correspondents will save time
and disappointment if they direct their in
quiries in some other channel. For these
reasons no answer is given to communications
about the agency for certain bicycles, the
names of those who cast annealing furnaces,
or the names of those who are the agents for a
certain mower.
Husband and Wife— A Daily Reader, Downey,
i ul. A husband, as the head of the family, is
bound to furnish his wife with all the neces
saries of life, to the limit of his ability of
course, and be certainly ought to allow her to
have socials und occasionally, if not yearly,
outings in the country ; and if' he can afford it
he ought to allow her what she wishes to con
tribute to her church. There is a Rection of
the codes of this State which says : "The prop
erty of the community is not liable for the
contracts of the wife made after marriage, un
less secured by a pledge or mortgage thereof
executed."
Wages— W. F. X., Soulbysville. Cal. There
has not been any change In regard to wages
being preferred claims. The law reads: In all
assignments of property made to trustees or
assignees on account of the inability of the
person at the time of the assignment to pay his
debts, or in proceedings in insolvency, the
wages of miners, mechanics, salesmen, serv
ants, clerks or laborers employed by such per
son to the amount of $100 each, and for serv
ices rendered within sixty days previously,
are preferred claims, and must be oaid before
any other creditor of the assignor. "
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Walter— Poor Dibbles? They say he got a
pair of beautiful black eyei lately. I feel sorry
for him.
Tom— You needn't. He got a very handsome
girl with them.— Answers.
"This is sudden," said Eve. "I do not want
you to think me mercenary, but what are your
financial prospects?"
Adam drew himself up a little and said with
the quietness of true greatness : "I own the
earth." The rest is history.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
The Caller— Your husband is wedded to his
club, is he not?
Mrs. Brooks— Not much. He seems to be per
fectly devoted to it.— Puck.
"Are you enjoying housecleaning this year,
Mrs. Fudger?"
"No; we have such a large yard that the
dust from our carpets can't fly on the neigh
bor's washing."— Chicago Record.
Clara— Mr. Nicefellow said my face was clas
sic. What is classic?
Dora— Oh, most anything old — Good News.
Alice— Why are you counting the spoons,
sis?
Sister— Because P., who is coming to luncheon
to-day, told me that the latest fad was souve
nir spoons from your friends' houses.— Post-
Dispatch.
East— And what did you think of Mr. Swell,
the novelist?
Mrs. West— Why, his stories are so very old
fashioned 1 And I understood that he was cele
brated for his Btyie.— Brooklyn Life.
TO SAVE LIVES AT SEA
A Bill Now Before the Senate
for a Station Near Point
Bonita.
IT WILL COST OVEB $10,000.
Major Blakeney Gives Some Interest
ing Facts Abont tbe Stations
on This Coast.
Rodeo Lagoon, immediately north of
Point Bonita, is to have a life-saving sta
tion fitted with all modern appliances for
handling boats, including launching-ways.
At least, a bill authorizing a station at
that point has passed the lower house of
Congress and is now before the Senate for
consideration. The measure was intro
duced by Senator Perkins April 29, and
there is little doubt of its ultimate passage.
"The need of a station at this point is
obvious," said Major T. J. Blakeney of the
"United States Life-saving Service yester
day. "This side of the Golden Gate is
well protected, but there is absolutely
nothing in the way of a lifeboat on the
other side nearer than Point Reyes. Under
the present condition, if a wreck occurs on
the northern shore it is necessary for a
boat to pull across the channel. Quite
often it is impossible to do so, owing to
the heavy winds. I recall the wreck of
the Elizabeth, when tne life-saving crew
lost a man on this very shore, and
later, in the wreck of the Simpson, only a
merciful God prevented a whole boatload
of brave fellows from going to the bottom.
"It is not every one who knows iust how
the Jife-saving stations are distributed on
this immediate coast. At Fort Point, for
instance, we can get out a boat at any
time. This station ia inside the Presidio
reservation. Just back of the lighthouse
is a lookout, where a constant watch is
kept. The station is fitted with signal
flags and pyrotechnical signals to be used
only when vessels are in distress. In the
bight, near the mouth of Point Lobos
Creek, there is a boathouse containing all
necessary gear. This is available when it
is impossible to launch a boat south of the
Cliff House. On Point Lobos there is an
other lookout where constant watch is
kept. In a southerly direction, one and a
half miles, is the Golden Gate life-saving
station with a full crew. Three and a
half miles south of this is the Southside
station, and three quarters of a mile fur
ther on is a lookout station.
"These stations and lookouts are all con
nected by telephone with each other and
with the district superintendent's office.
Any vessel requiring the services of a tug
or otherwise in distress would receive
prompt attention should they signal to
that effect.
"To the northward of this harbor, as
stated belore, there is not a life-saving sta
tion nearer than Point Reyes. Some years
ago the station at Bolinas Bay was burned
down, but the location not being desir
able, it was not thought wise to rebuild it.
•'A station near Point Bonita is espe
cially desirable, because it is a lee shore in
all southerly winds. The proposed station
will be connected by telephone with the
life-saving system on this side of the
Golden Gate, thus perfecting the service
which guards the entrance to the harbor of
San Francisco."
The station at Rodeo Lajjoon. near Point
Bonita, will cost between $10,000 and $12,
-000. Congress appropriates every year
$50,000 for new life-saving stations, and as
soon as the present bill passes tbe Senate
work will commence on the Point Bonita
station.
WILL LEAVE HIS PULPIT
The Pastor of the Welsh Presby
terian Church Going to
Wales.
His Wife's Failing Health Compels
Him to Abandon His Work in
a Hopeful Era.
The Rev. R. Vaoghan Griffith, who for
tbe last five years has served as pastor of
the Welsh Presbyterian Church of this
City, will give up his work and leave for
Wales next month.
Yesterday, during an executive session
of the Presbytery, he applied for letters of
introduction to the church brethren in
Wales and received them, although his
formal release from the church has not
yet been effected. It is necessary, as a
matter of form, to have the congregation
concur with the pastor in his request to
the Presbytery to release him from hia
church.
The congregation will act next Sunday
night, and on Monday the Presbytery will
meet and grant their request, for neither
congregation nor Presbytery will offer any
objection to the pastor's leaving. The
necessity for his departure is known to
them all.
Ever since the Rev. Mr. Griffith came
here from South Dakota five years ago his
wife has been steadily failing in strength
and health until now she is almost help
less from the effects of chronic bronchitis.
During their residence in Dakota Mrs.
Griffith enjoyed the best of health of her
life. It is probable that if the climate of
the mother country does not benefit her
the Rev. Mr. Griffith will take charge of
two churches near Aberdeen, S. D., as he
received a standing ofTei nearly a month
ago from their congregations immediately
after he tendered his resignation to his
flock here.
The church has had no home of its own,
but has held services in Cambrian Hall,
Mission street. Last, year, however, a lot
waß bought on Gridley street and paid for.
It was Mr. Griffith's fond hope to see a
church building erected on the property
before he should co, but he dared not re
main here any longer.
RATES TO CONVENTIONS.
To Be Fixed Bere by the Transconti
nental Association.
The Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation will begin its coming, meeting to
morrow at the Palace Hotel. Representa
tives of all the transcontinental lines will
arrive to-day and to-night The meeting
is likely to last for several days.
The association has no big fights or
other matters of sensational interest on
hand. Its business will include several
matters of railroad importance and some
of public importance. One thing that will
be done is to fix rates for the various Na
tional political conventions to be held
within the next few weeks. It is not likely
tnere will be any quarreling about the
matter. The prospects are that the lines
will agree on one fare for the round trip
in the case of each convention. This rate
will be approved by the Southern Pacific.
The Southern Pacific freight department
yesterday announced a special season rate
for horses from common points in North
ern and Central California to Helena,
Butte and Anaconda. The rates will apply
to the close of the Montana racing season.
By passenger train the rate each way be
tween California and Montana will be $440
per car containing twelve horses, the car
rier being released from liability in excess
of $100 per head. The regular rate by pas
senger train is $585. Quite a number of
horses are Jikely to go from this State to
the Montana circuit.
General Freight Aerent C. F. Smurr will
represent the Southern Pacific Company
at the meetine of the Trans-Missouri As
sociation about Utah rates in Denver on
the 21st inst. The Traffic Association will
consider tha Utah situation at its meeting
to-moirow.
CURTAILING EXPENSES.
Election Commissioners Refuse to Have
Precinct Haps Printed — Ten
Clerks Appointed.
The Election Commissioners wrangled
over the question of expenses for an hour
yesterday, Registrar Hinton demanding
many things that he deemed absolutely
necessary for the work of his office, and
Messrs. Broderick and Cresswell urging
that in view of the depleted condition of
the treasury the expenses of the coming
election, if one is held, should be Ifept
down to the lowest limit.
The discussion started over the precinct
maps, the Registrar requesting permission
to have the maps printed at once. Mr.
Cresswell objected, saying tnat until Judge
Seawell decides the tenure of office case
now before him it would be useless to have
the work done.
"If there is to be no municipal election
this year the outlay of $8000 or more will
be lost," he said, "for another year there
may be no use of reprecincting the city."
Mr. Hinton lost this point, but he was
authorized to have 2000 copies of the new
election law printed and to emDloy ten
extra clerics at $125 per month each to
hurry tiie work of preparing for the elec
tion.
The question of beginning precinct reg
istration ninety or 160 days before election
was left to the discretion'of the Registrar.
Rare Birdg for the Park.
Manager Friedlander of the Columbia The
ater received from a friend in Oregon two
magnificent specimens of Mongolian pheasants.
He presented them to the City park yesterday,
where they will be among the objects of inter
est, Instead of relishing them himself.
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
3end's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st •
A Denver woman, Mrs. Mary M. Pickrell, haa
assumed the remarkable position of garbage
contractor for that city. Her efficiency as a
city official is shown by the reduction of ex
penses in that department from $900 a week
to $280, and the thorough systematizing of
the work.
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pres3
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
• — * »
James H. Mulligan of Kentucky, formerly
Consul-General of Samoa, who declined a con
sular office in .South Africa, has been appointed
to a position in the customs division in the
Treasury Department.
HrsBAND'B Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller ciose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
"Woman !" he exclaimed, passionately, "you
have ruined my life. I shall never love again."
"Oh, I dunno about that," said ihe heartiest
one, flippantly, "but you won't love me again,
anyhow. And that's no josh, either." — Indian
apolis Journal.
Take the Northern Pacific to All Point!
KMt.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street.
Ban Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestibnled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist car»
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
. Ladies are greatly . benefited by the use of Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South
American tonic. BPB)
•• — — •
Fob Allaying Hoarseness and Irritation
of ths Throat, use "Brawn's Bronchial Troche*."
25c a box. Avoid Imitations.
• — ♦ ■»
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and comeli
ness. Save it with Parker's Ha Balsam.
Parker's Ginger Toxic cures inward pain.
— »—» — • — » :
In the trousseau of the Duchess of Coburg*t
daughter there is sufficient millinery to set
up a West End shop.
NEW TO-DAY.
**********************
*. • *
I Special Saving Sale |
* - . .- \ . *
* m-n-rmfc *
* IMITATION CUT GLASS—*
* Almost as bright and clear as *
J the genuine— at these SPE- *
T CIAL prices until Wednesday 2
J night : Fruit or Salad Bowls, 5
» 25c and 35c ; Large Cake «
* Dishes, 30c ; Water Pitchers, *
* 45c ; Cream Pitchers, 15c ; Pre- ♦
* serve or Icecream Saucers, sOc *
T and 60c per dozen, etc. See 21
J them in the window. 5,
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- $
* A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. ♦
» WAKGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & 00., *
£528 and 530 Market St., «
*27 and 29 Slitter St., |
♦ . BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.TUESDAY MAY 12, 18gtt
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin THXATER.-"The Strange Adventures
of Hiss Brown."
Caiikoknia Thxates- Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
CoLmßu Tbxatxb- "Faust."
Morosco's Opkra-Housk— "The Cross Roads of
3'ivoli Opkra-Hottsk.— "Fra Diavolo. 1
Orphkcm— High-Class Vaudeville.
Tv* !A « ; ','-.* rocofl THEAII[B (Oaki. iu»-Rlchard
Mansfield In "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.'
Mark Hopkins" Institute of Abt.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
Jmtko Const Island— Bathinz and Perform-
ances. • />;.■. •■.-..
1 1^ 001 THK CHtTKS- Dally at Haight street, one
Llock east of the Park.
> i* ie Coast Jockey Ci.cß.-Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Crcz MocNTAiNS.-The
i-irst Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the niou Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Par*.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Kkelkr— This day (Tuesday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. v.
By Chab. Levy « Co.— This day (Tuesday),
furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By Frank W. Bcttjcbfiexd — This day
(Tuesday), Variety Store, at 428 Shotwell street,
nt 11 o'clock.
By f». Basch— This day (Tuesday), Clothing,
etc., at 319-321 gutter street, at 11 o'clock.
By Geo. F. Lambon— This day (Tuesday), Fur--
niture, at 1418 Hyde street, 11 o'clock.
By 1-. S. SrEAB & Co.— This day (Tuesday)
Furniture, at 1309 Jackson st., at 11 o'clock.
By J. c. Mi-thkr— day (Tuesday), Furni-
ture, at 816 Foisom street, at 11 o'clock.
By Kiuip & <>.— This day (Tuesday), Horses,
Harness, etc., at salesyard, corner Van Ness aye.
and Market M..at 11 o'clock.
By Eabton i Eldkidgk— This day (Tuesday),
Heal Kstate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
By SuxxrvAN & Thursday, May 14,
how s, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By O'Farbell& Co.— Thursday, May 14. Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By William J. Dingke— Saturday, .May 16,
Real Estate, near Dwieht Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Eabton A Fi.pbidqb.— May 19,
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Shainwald. Bcckbee & Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Heal Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
ccmi'rv street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
"Fair Tuesday"— prediction by Forecast Offi
cial McAdie.
The State Rebekah Assembly meet* to-day
in Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Rev. Dr. Charles O. Brown is suffering
from nervous prostration.
Colonel Jack Clemishire's wife hai sued him
for divorce on statutory grounds.
The Board of Health will ask for an In
creased appropriation for the coming fiscal
year.
The first annual session of the managers of
the Presbyterian Orphan Home was held yes
terday.
The Election Commissioners granted Regis
trar Hinton ten additional clerks at yester
day's meeting.
The twentieth annual session of the Homeo
pathic Medical Society will open to-morrow at
the Palace Hotel.
The Ashley-Baldwin case opened in Judge
Slack's court yesterday, but the courtroom
doors were closed.
The standing committee of the First Congre
gational Church has asked for a permit to sell
the church property.
Fred Bell regained consciousness yesterday,
but in a moment he relapsed into his former
condition of insensibility.
The case of failure to provide against W. G.
1; igbes, building contractor, was dismissed
by Judge Campbeil yesterday.
The Transcontinental Association at its meet
ing to-morrow will fix rates for delegates and
vi.-itors to the big conventions.
The Election Commissioners have refused to
allow the Registrar to have precinct maps
printed for the coming election.
The police are searching for a bogus priest,
who goi a check for $100 from Rev. Father
Collins of Santa College last week.
Ab Doo, a Chinese highbinder, was arrested
early yesterday morning for robbing Daniel
Freeman, a colored man, on Pacific street.
The widow and family of John Ryer, the en
gineer who was killed in the Baden accident,
are suing for $50,000 damages for his death.
The Woman's Federation appointed a com
mittee yesterday to secure the appointment of
an officer to compel children to attend school.
Judge Troutt has declared the law under
which the Assessor may be sued for uncol
lected personal property taxes unconstitu
tional.
A man named Andrew Little, whose bank
account shows $ 15,348 to his credit, was found
dead in his room at a lodging-house on Mis
sion street.
An enthusiastic preliminary meeting was
held at the Baldwin last night to discuss the
feasibility of inaugurating an annual carnival
in this City.
Walter Hobart lost $100 Sunday before all
•Blingnm" backing his polo pony Laddie
against Santa Clara, the speediest pony of the
Riverside team.
Property-owners and storekeepers of the
north end will meet to-morrow night to pro
test against delay in building on the site of
the old City Hall.
Maggie Smith and Lucy Inmtn, two young
girls, escaped from the Training School, on
Hill street, Saturday night and the police are
(searching for them.
The Woman's Congress Association, the
Amendment Campaign Association and the
Woman Suffrage Association held enthusiastic
meetings yesterday.
Five of the six favorites were beaten at
Ingleside yesterday. The winning horses were:
Fleur de Lis. Instigator, Daylight, Red Glenn,
Wawona and Toano.
Tne Rev. R. Vaughun Griffith, for the last
five years pastor of the Welsh Presbyterian
Chuich, is to leave tor Wales because his sick
wite cannot live here.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has received
important information relative to how East
ern contractors are flooding the country with
the products of convict labor.
The Pacific-Union Club met last night and
amended its constitution calling for an elec
tion of president and board of directors from
the body of the club on May 26.
The Union Iron Works have estimated the
cost of putting in the underground trolley sys
tem for the Market-street Company on tracks
where the rails have already been wired.
John Lawrence, the boirns blshoo of Hono
lulu and a noted imposter, arrived in this City
from Portland a few days ago. He personates
Catholic priests and his Kudaclty is sublime.
A. J. Clunie baa filed s.n accusation against
John D. Siebe, the object of which is to remove
him from office. The cause is the under
assessment of the Market-street Railway Com
pany's property.
Professor John Watson gave a learned ad
dress to the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
yesterday on "Faith." Professor Howison
spoke and said he did not teach unorthodoxy
to Berkeley students.
The estate of Kate Johnson has been incor
porated with a capit-il stock of $472,500. The
directors are Frederick H. Deakin, Frank
Wel>er, Frederick Kellogg, Edgar M. Wilson
and Charles H. Phillips.
The many friends of Mrs. A. B. O'Brien, late
of Eureka, Cal., will be grieved to learn of her
isudde!: demise on Friday last. She succumbed
to chromic gastritis, from which she had suf
fered for several months.
The hearing of exceptions to the accounting
of John F. More, the administrator of the
Santa Rosa Island estate, began in Judge Coi
fey's court yesterday morning. The heirs
claim gross fraud and want his removal.
Registrar Hinton say: registration will be
conducted this year under the general law,
which or-ens the books 160 days and closes
them 85 days before the election. He thinks
this will handicap the sniffer and colonizer.
l>ick William*' Case.
The motion of Assistant District Attorney
Slessinger tr> consolidate 'lie four indictments
against Dick William*, the customs inter
preter, was argued before Judge Morrow yes
terday. The prosecution argued that the stat
utes permitted consolidation if the Judge so
willed. Williams' counsel argued against the
proposition, alleging ttip.t the jury might con
sider where there whs bo much "smoke there
muHi be soms lire. Judtte Morrow took the
case under advisement until to-day.
Fire In a Lodging-House.
An alarm was turned in through box 296
last eveuing at 8 :30 o'clock for a fire in a two
story lodging-house, 633 California street.
The fire was caused by the explosion of a coal
oil lamp. Outside the cremation of a valuable
parrot no damage was done.
TO DOWN McNAB
AND SULLIVAN.
Rebellion Has Broken Out
in the Junta Campaign
Committee.
A COMBINATION FORMED
Little Bosses Jealous of McNab,
Who Might Become
a Big One.
HE CAN'T RUN THE COMMITTEE
An Effort to Deliver Goods to Daggett
Will Likely Be Foiled To
morrow Night.
Another battle is on in the Junta. It
rages in the campaign committee, a ma
jority of whic ■ has risen up against Gavin
McNab and Chairman Sullivan, and will
smite them at the next meeting to-morrow
night if they don't come to terms.
The trouble amounts to a rebellion
against the bossism of McNab and Sulli
van. McNab wants to name about fifty or
seventy-live of the delegates to the State
Convention. That is one thing. Then he
wants to name them, or at least a lot of
them, for Daggett. That is another
thing. Chairman Sullivan is understood
by everybody to be backing McNab'a pro
gramme.
All this and a lot more has become
known in the campaign committee of
twenty. The members of the committee
who have howled and then formed a com
bination to sit down on McNab and Sul
livan are reliably reported to constitute a
majority.
This centering of all power in a small
campaign committee was mainlj' the bril
liant scheme of McNab and Sullivan. Sul
livan appointed recently the committee of
twenty which has full and absolute con
trol of affairs and he was ye ry careful to
appoint men who were his own friends
ana who could be relied upon to stand out
to the end against Rainey and also against
Daggett as far as local politics are con
cerned.
McNab and Sullivan were snpposed to
have control of the committee along with
Ed Lanigan, who was given three or four
members for coming over and helping
beat Rainev out. Now Lanigan and
others have turned on McNab and Sulli
van and propose to run things themselves.
Different motives have brought about
the rebellious and apparently victorious
combination. Lanigan was not given by
Sullivan as many places on the campaign
committee as he and others thought he
was fairly entitled to in the first place.
Then, when McNab proposed to name
fifty or so delegates and be the high-muck
a-muck generally, Lanigan put on war
paint. He might have agreed to McNab
naming a bunch of delegates if he could
have named as many.
Others flocked to Lanigan on this prope
sition, McNab, the great anti-boss
prophet, was trying to be the boss. Buck
ley could be a boss nnder such circum
stances, but witti McNab it's different.
There are a lot of little bosses, and each
one wants his power, so some were ready
to save Mr. McNab from being a hog.
There was another reason something
like this with some. The plan of McNab
and Sullivan was that the committee as a
whole should name all the district and at
large delegates and the election officers,
they expecting to easily manage a majority
of the executive committee.
The committeemen from some of the
districts realized the power of their posi
tions and thought they ought to be al
lowed to swing it by naming election
officers and district delegates themselves.
A district is worth something to a poli
tician. Why should he supinely let Mc-
Nab grow big and fat on it?
With two or three if not more was
added to this the well-grounded idea that
McNab proposed to do a whole lot for
Daggett. McNab has been running thinjjs
from the start and he has always been the
one that has conducted negotiations with
Daggett.
His position has always been a mystery
to those on the inside of Junta affairs. He
is given credit for being sincerely opposed
to Rainey, while being a close' friend of
Chief Sullivan. He has been close to Dag
gett, received patronage from him, it is
said, and yet has appeared to firmly but
gently oppose Daggett's efforts to control.
"He has tried to play two hands," is the
way many put it. As the real boss in
power he is believed by all the Junta out
tit to have made promises to Daggett
which he wants to fulfill through the
executive committee. He wants to name a
lot of delegates for Daggett for one thing,
Daggett having been shut out of any
chance to name any himself.
"Now why should we get in and carry
out McNab s contract with Daggett?" is
what some of the committee are asking.
The chief issue concerning Daggett is in
the Thirty-ninth District. Dr. J. W.Gavi
gan, friend to Lanigan and to himself, was
appointed to the executive committee by
Sullivan. Daggett made a fierce and per
sistent fight to get his lieutenant, J. A.
Fenton, appointed, but not this or any
other appointment would Sullivan give
Daggett.
Now McNab wants to deliver some
thing to Daggett that Daggett wants ex
ceedingly. He wants Fenlon re-elected to
the State Central Committee from that
district.
To do that a Fenton delegation must be
appointed. McNab wants to give Fenton
a majority of the delegates from that dis
trict and Gavican the minority. That is
enough to make bloody war itself. Gavi
gan probably would be willing that his
delegation should vote for Daggett's ad
ministration interests, but he naturally
wants to deliver the goods himself instead
of letting McNab do it.
Another feature of the McNab pro
gramme concerns those delegates at
large. As has become known, the Mc-
Nab-Sullivan proposition is to appoint
about a third of the 167 delegates at large.
Now, it is said, McNab proposes that
when it comes to the naming of State
central committeemen the delegates at
large shall vote with the district to which
they belong. There may be no delegates
at large from one district and ten from
another, so that these delegates might de
termine several State Central Committee
men. That is another reason why McNab
wan*s to name delegates at large "and an
other reason why there is rebellion.
Some want the members of the commit
tee to be given the naming of delegates
and primary election officers from their
districts.
They will, at least, demand the naming
of election officers, as that would mean the
naming of the delegates if they wanted to
run an opposition ticket. The issue of
how much recognition shall be given to
the Rainey-Daggett minority exists in
other districts than the Thirty-ninth, but
in a less degree.
Daggett is still struggling for power as
fiercely as ever. He is reported to have
just captured two members of the cam
paign committee with places in the Mint.
They are Fitzpatrick and Donovan. He
was not given a single place ou the cam
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
The Puget Sound Schooner Altair Riding Out a Nine Days' Gale Off Cape Flattery.
[Sketched by a ''Call" ttaff artist from a description given by one of the crew.]
paign committee, but he was not discour
aged.
He has offered two places in the Mint to
as many members of the campaign com
mittee for their votes, it is reported, and
he will probably get them.
Dagrcett wants members of the State Cen
tral Committee delegates to the State Con
vention, and also Assemblymen and Sena
tors who will vote for him for United Sutes
Senator. How he will come out is a mat
ter for guessing. Sam Rainey is back, but
be is saying little and doing his work
quietly.
Samuel Braunhart is one of the leaders
opposed to the McNab programme. In
fact, he first stirred about forming the
combination to down it.
Twelve votes out of the twenty are said
to be ready to down the ambitious plans
of McNab and Sullivan to-morrow night.
Braunhart wants to control the affairs of
the Twenty-ninth himself, and he is op
posed to any recognition of the Rainey-
Daggett element. He is also a strong sil
ver man and is so opposed to Federal bri
gade domination.
All around the Junta affairs are in an
other pretty mess, which is n.ainly com
posed of quarrels of a lot of jealous and
ambitious little bosses, and it is a tangle
of queer politics.
DR. BROWN A SICK MAN
The Ex-Pastor Suffering Severely
Erom Nervous Prostra
tion.
Permission to Sell the First Church
Property Is Requested by the
Trustees.
The Rev. Dr. Charles O. Brown is a very
sick man. The stormy weeks of the nn
savor'y church trial, the warily qualified
verdict of acquittal on the most serious
charges against him and the subsequent
reversal of that seemingly merciful ver
dict at the Bay Conference meeting by the
very men who had formulated it at the
council — all these events have combined to
unstring the pastor's nervous system in a
manner which is causing his adherents
much alarm.
"Dr. Brown is suffering from an aggra
vated form of nervous prostration," said
one of the officials of the First Congrega
tional Society yesterday, "and I cannot
say when he will be himself again. He
keeps entirely secluded from every one
outside of his family and the small circle
of his most intimate friends. So keenly
does he feel the need of rest that some of
the church officers, myself among the
number, are not sure where he is.
"Under these circumstances it is useless
to talk of an independent church s with
Dr. Brown as its pastor. For the present
he is physically incapable of undertaking
the management of a congregation. If he
were to inaugurate such a movement he
would fling himself into it heart and soul,
and probably work himself to deaih. A
large proportion of his late parishioners
are anxiously waiting for him to found a
church, in order to place themselves once
more under his spiritual direction.
"Perhaps 350 would abnut represent the
number of the church members who side
with him. These comprise the greater
part of the sure, solid resident members.
The so-called opposition was composed in
a great measure of transient and non-sus
taining mem oerp, who had no deep attach
ment for either church or pastor.
"As to the prospective sale of the church
property, I find som« degree of misappre
hension in many quarters.
"In the first place the pulse of the pew
holders was taken, and a large majority
was found to be in favor of selling the
building and lot. Then a business meet
ing of the church officers was called. The
board of deacons and trustees and the
standing committee of the congregation,
after mature deliberation decided to close
the church and put the property on the
market. Thirteen votes were cast, and of
these only one was against the plan.
"For the present, then, we are rwaiting
the outcome of Dr. Brown's illness. If he
regains his L health I regard it very prob
able that his people will gather around
him again. But r«» can make no plans
yet. All we can do is to indulge in con
jectures and hope for the best."
In pursuance of the action taken at the
meeting before mentioned a petition was
filed in court asking for permission to sell
the church property.
At the time when the church building
was erected, in 1870, the locality was con
sidered most desirable, being then an aris
tocratic residence section. Latterly, how
ever, business houses have commenced to
spring np about the church, and the char
acter of the vicinity has been considerably
changed. At the same time the value of
the church lot from a business standpoint
has vastly increased.
If it can be sold for anything approach
ing the valuations set upon adjoining
freeholds the proceeds of the sale will be
amply sufficient for the purchase of a
much more eligible site and the erection
of a magnificent church thereon, leaving
a good balance in the enured treasury.
The trustees are quietly looking out for "a
good location, and it is thought some defi
nite steps will soon be taken.
LEAGUE OF HENRY IV.
Hundred-Dollar Membership Prize Won
by U. I). l.;i. ii-A.-t ii .
The French Mutual Aid and Benevolent
Society, known as the League of Henry
IV, held an important meeting in Califor
nia Hall last night.
It was the time set for hearing the re
ports of members who had entered the
contest for a $100 prize to be awarded to
the one who should add the most names
to the roll during the year. B. D. Laca
zette headed the list with seventy new
members.
The society has been in existence a little
over a year and the membership now
numbers over 350 and there is $3000 in the
treasury.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Arrival of the New, Stanch
Puget Sound Schooner
Altair.
BUILT FOR SPEED AND WEAR.
Continued Troubles of Count and
Countess Festetics in the
South Seas.
The Puget Sound schooner Altair came
down from Port C( sta Sunday and now
lies at the Green-street wharf. This littte
66-ton vessel is a most remarkable daft,
was built near Port Townsend last
February for a sealer and hunter in north
ern coasts, and was designed to withstand
the hard knocks of tiiose stormy waters.
Human skill could hanlly put together
a wooden hull more Munch and on lines
more graceful than this Hiar-narnetl
schooner. Her ribs are nine by ten inches
square and stand ten inches apart. The
planking of the hull is five inches thick
and the stem and keel are joined together
with a natural crook, just as it grew in
the tree. There are nine feet of dead
wood in the bow. making the little, white,
peaceful craft a warlike ram.
Her length is 66 feet at the keel and SO
feet over all, her beam 21 feet and her
draught when loaded is 9 feet. Her bows
are very sharp for great speed, and her
lines widen out to her greatest beam amid
ships. She is not Tumeresque, with a
broad quarter, but fails in to a smaller
beam at the stern. Her mainsail hoist is
about 54 feet, and she spreads 1000 square
yards of canvas. She i* fitted with mod
ern steering gear, which will pivot her
around on her keel like a top. The Altair
is owned by R. Olsen of this City, by whom
she is valued at $7000.
She left Port Townsend April 26, and off
Cape Flattery she caught a fierce south
easter, which tossed the little while
schooner on the crests of the great billows
like a cork. As the gale was dead ahead
for her course she lay under a reefed lore
sail for nine duys. So weatberly is sue
that her decks were never washed by the
seas and her beam kept her as upright as
achurcti.
On the tenth day the gale veered to the
northwest, and then she gathered up her
yachtlike heels and Hew. Fourteen and
sixteen knots under short Bail was her
speed til) the storm blew itseif away.
Scudding before a living gale is a trial to
tne wheelsman, but the Altair's steering
machine never let the sharp stem vary an
inch from the straight-away course.
She discharged her cargo of lumber at
Port Costa and is now preparing for a
cruise along the Mexican coast.
Australia is indeed a necessity, or at least
she is the mother of invention, for she has
sent the world another useful appliance,
which if not as important as the ballot
system and the horse race starting tape,
merits a trial. It is an automatic machine
for registering the finish of running, swim
ming and bicycle races and is tiie property
of A. L. Baini of Sydney, N. S w., who
arrived on the Monowai last Sunday. The
machine is suspended over the finishing
jHjint of the course and records without
error not only the time but the order of
the finishes and the distances the com
ji-thorn are apart at the ending oi the
race.
Mr. Baird is a member of the council of
the New South Wales Athletic Association
and of several bicycle clubs in Sydney.
His finishing machine is uaed at every
sports meeting of any importance in Aus
tralia.
By the passengers of the Monowai it is
reported that the Count and Countess Fes
tetics, in their yacht Tolna, were still sail
ing in stormy seas. Ever since the luck
less pair in their luckless vessel left Ban
Francisco a couple of years ago they have
been in trouble. Crew aft.r crew have been
shipped only to jump the yacht at the first
port, and much of the time t\e vessel has
been deserted in some island harbor ex
cept by its captainess and her spouse. Ac
cording to the complaints of the men she
carried the keys of the storeroom at her
belt and fed them on haidtack and water.
When the Monowai left Sydney the
Tolna had secured a new crew and was
Eettino; under way for a cruise. The
Countess had promised to let the steward
feed the crew and she would only attend
to the Count's rations.
Yesterday the schooner Moonlight, Cap
tain Spencer, sailed on a trading and
prospecting voyage on the Mexican coast.
Admiral Ang^elo O. Monesterio of the
Mexican warship Zaragoza, accompanied
by the Conaul-General of Mexico, officially
visited the Custom-house yesterday. The
admiral was in full uniform and was re
ceived with ceremony suitable to his rank.
PRESBYTERIAN ORPHANS.
First Annual Meeting of the
Managers of the
Home.
The first annual meeting of San Fran
cisco Presbyteri:ui Orphanage and Farm
was held yesterday nt St. John's Presby
terian Church. There were present at the
meeting forty-four of the larger orphans,
who came over in charge of Miss Eding
ton, the matron.
The report of the secretary shows a very
satisfactory state of affairs, and that of
Mrs. W. B. Noble, the treasurer, showed
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
that during the year the organization had
met all its bills, is free from debt and has
a small surplus.
The following board of managers was
then elected: Mrs. P. D. Browne, Mrs.
M. D. Rideout, Mrs. Robert McHugh, Mrs.
I. McLane, Mrs. J. Cumming Smith, Mrs.
T. C. Tisdale, Mrs. John Bidwell, Mrs.
John Hemphill, Mrs. A. E. Kent, Mrs.
E. G. Denniston, Mrs. E. R. Stevens, Mrs.
L. A. Kelly, Mrs. O. F. Jonnson and Mrs.
Fenderson. The officers, who served to
the satisfaction of all during the past year,
were re-elected.
Miss Edington told an interesting story
of life at the orphanage, which now con
tains sixty-five inmates, the girls pre
dominating. The orphanage is in the old
Gilbert House at San Rafael, but it is not
iarge enough to meet the demands made
unon it.
Dr. William F. Jones, who serves the
orphanage without pay, presented his re
port of the work done. Mrs. S. S. Palmer
spoke in strong, patriotic language of "The
Children and our Country," and tbe presi
dent read her report, in which she re
viewed the work of the year. Mrs. Day
told what environment does for children
and the children gave recitations and sang
patriotic son^s.
Several beds were donated to the home
ana a committee was appointed to visit a
farm near San Pedro, eighty acres in
extent and offered for sale, to be used as a
farm for the orphanage.
THE HOUSE OF SILENCE
Fred Bell Was Conscious Only
for a Moment Yester
day.
Captain Lees Disputes the Statement
That the Boy's Father Was Killed
by a Fall.
Fred Bell, the heir to nearly a half mill
ion dollars of the Thomas Bell estate, who
met with an accident as tragic as it is
mysterious about two weeks ago at 1107
Bush street, regained consciousness for a
moment only yesterday morning.
For the first time since his mangled form
was picked up at the bottom of the stair
way from which he had either been tossed
or had fallen he opened bis eyes and spoke.
"Where is Marie?" he asked, inquiring
for his sister, the only member of the im
mediate family with whom he has had
dealings in years.
The young woman was not present,
owing to the strict quarantine placed on
the sick-chamber by Mrs. Thomas Bell,
the mother of the boy, who will permit no
one bnt Dr. P. A. Kearney and the nurse
to see him.
Miss Marie Bell was the first one with
"Mammy" Pleasant, the business mana
ger for Mrp. Bell, to reach the young man
after his mishap, but, five days ago an in
junction was placed acainst her visiting
j her brother any more. When the sick
lad's appeal to see his sister was unre
quited he closed his eyes and relapsed into
unconsciousness so similar to death that
but for the labored breathing one would
believe he had passed away.
Captain Lees, the veteian detective,
makes a peculiar statement regarding the
killing of old Thomas itell, the banker,
who died four years ago under circum
stances similar to those attending his son's
case to-day.
At the time of the first affair it was well
known that whether Thomas Bell was
thrown over the bannisters purposely or
whether he fell accident ly, the fall was the
cause of his death. Even the people in
the "House of Silence" where the affair
occurred acknowledge thi* to this day.
Still Captain ijees yesterday said, in
speaking of the subject, that there never
had been any evidence to that effect and
that de did not believe Thomas Bell ever
did tumble down the spiral stairway to his
death two stories below.
The mystery in the case therefore ap
pears to be growing denser as the conflict
between Captain Lees, who claims to have
investigated the case, and Mrs. Bell,
"Mammy" Pleasant and a number of ser
vants is radical in the extreme.
If Thomas Bell was not pitched head
long to bfs death, or if he did not meet it
through accident, why is it his family give
that version of the affair?
Again, why is it that Captain Leea be
lieves, or says he does, that Thomas Bell
simply dropped dead where he was found
on the cement floor of the basement in the
"House of Silence"?
That mystery has passed nns olved for
years, and the new mystery of Fred Bell's
similar tragic fate appears to be going the
same way.
FOR THE SABBATH DAY.
Annual Convention of the State Sabbath
Association.
The annual convention of the California
Sabbath Association was held during the
day and evening yesterday in the audito
rium of the Y. M. C. A. building, and was
attended by a large throng of those inter
ested in the Christian observance of the
Sabbath day.
In the morning devotional exercises,
committee reports and the appointment
of committees Consumed the time. In the
afternoon the business of the session, in
cluding the election of officers, was fin
ished.
Uev. Robert Whitaker delivered an ad
dress on "The Duty of tne State to Secure
a Weekly Rest-day for all Laborers," and
Rev. Dr. W. \V. Cnse addressed the meet
ing on "Responsibilities of the Pulpit and
of the Church in Regard to the Sabbath.'
Discussion followed both addresses. In
the evening Rev. Dr. H. A. Ketchum spoke
on "The Patriot and the Sabbath.' 1 Henry
E. Highton on "The True Basis of Ameri
can Citizenship," and Rev. William Rader
on "Open Sunday Saloons."
A PETTY ISLAND KING.
Jolid F. More Is So Called
by His Dead Brother's
Heirs.
TRYING HAED TO DEPOSE HIM.
The Joint Heirs Demand an Account
ing for Eighty-Five Thousand
and Odd Dollars.
Sensational happenings are looked for in
the estate of the late Alexander P. More.
Mr. More was a sovereign in his own
right and reigned supreme over the isle
known as Santa Rosa. He had a brother
named John F. More, who enjoyed his
confidence to an almost unlimited degree.
When Alexander wanted to take a trip
of two or three years for hia health John
P. ruled the little principality, and after
Alexander's death John F. continued in
authority by virtue of his appointment as
administrator.
That bis administration of affairs has
not been satisfactory to the other neirs of
the deceased Alexander P. More is at
tested by the repeated efforts made to
secure from him a complete accounting.
But all attempts were apparently un
crowned by success, and tbe heirs finally
determined to bring John up with a rapid
legal turn.
He filed what purported to be an ac
counting, and in Judge Coffey's court yes
terday began the hearing of numerous
exceptions on the part of the several heirs
to the ingenious bookkeeping of the ad
ministrator.
What may follow can only be hinted at,
though it was openly stated by thosp in
terested that unless John F. makes a show
ing for $80,000 or $100,000 which the heirs
tnink ue has bandied to their financial
undoing, the court will be asked to re
move him from his island sovereignty in
stanter.
Attorney Mhoon, representing two of
the heirs, will file exceptions to-day cov
ering the same points brought oat by
Messrs. Gunnison, Booth & Bartnett in
behalf of their clients, also heirs of the de
ceased island king.
The interests of the heirs are identical.
They allege that John F. has rendered a
false accounting and that he has appro
priated $85,000 to his own use. In some of
the papers to be filed this sum will be en
larged by tne addition of moneys paid out
lor personal taxation from the funds of
the estate.
The heirs say l.«ore disposed of $30,000
worth of sheep, $1000 in cattle, $28,000 in
products of the little principality, besides
being in collusion with a man named
Watson, to whom he is paying $125 a
month to keep him company on the
island and look wise when they botn come
t<> Sun Francisco to meet the heiro in the
legal arena.
Watson has a suit now pending against
the estate for $30,000 tor services rendered
the deceased Alexander P. More. Among
other modest charges is one of $18,000 for
advice as to the state of the woo! market.
The heirs think postal cards were as
cheap at that time as ever, and they
would willingly have performed the same
service for 2 cents and no commission.
On the resumption of the case to-day
additional exceptions to the strange ac
counting will come up for argument, and
it may be three or four days before the
hearing is brought to a close. After that,
other measures will be adopted to dispose
of and dispossess the island ruler.
TWO INDICTMENTS
Some Sensational Rumors Regarding
Them Authoritatively Dissipated.
The Grand Jury at its session last Satur
day found two indictments for forgery.
The men indicted are well-known crooks,
who are supposed to be in New York.
Bench warrants for the arrest of the
forgers were issued, and the bail of each
fixed at $20,000.
Beyond the facts stated in Thb Call
Saturday morning, nothing of truth has
been published regarding these indict
ments.
The Examiner has republished the Dean
forgery story, with many embellishments,
and supplemented tne narrative with a
chapter on clever croaks. It has named
many of the noted crooks of the century,
but the list published so conspicuously,
does not, unfortunately, contain the name
of either person indicted by the Grand
Jury, and does not give even the aliases of
either.
The only accurate statement in the
Examiner's whole story is borrowed from
a paragraph in Saturday morning's Call,
wherein it is stated that a noted crook was
indictea for forgery.
The statement that Quirk, alias Jones,
alias Quinn. was indicted, is not correct.
The statement that Janies Bernin, alias
Meredith, was indicted, is without founda
tion of truth.
NEW TO-I» AT— AMUSEMENTS. . t
PtOLAnOtHGOTTLOD a q>- Mi rvuiMUtt •• • '
THOSE ARE
NORTH NOT
WINDS NEAR
8O STRONG^AS THE^PBOpUCTION OF
"FAUST I"
GIVEN NIGHTLY BY
MORRISON'S EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Wonderful Scenic and Electrio Effects.
THE GREAT "iIROCKEF SCESE!
Genuine .Flashes of Lightning!
■ Magic Kain of Fire !
RESERVED SEAT^— 25e, 50e and 75c.
NEXT MONDAY.
AMY LEE and FRANK DQANE
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. tBNBSTiNi KBKLiva, Proprietor & Manager
TO-IMIOUT
— • BRILLIANT REVIVAL- —
Of Auber's Tuneful Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO "
EVEttY NUMBER A GEM.
NEXT WEEK
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"j
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(Oakland.) *
TO-NlGHT— Farewell Performance.
•RICHARD MANSFIELD
And his New York Garrick Theater Co.
TO-NIGHT— "DB.JKKYLI and Mr. Hyde."
Choice seats and boxes now on sale.
DURING THE EXTENSIVE
IMPROVEMENTS ON THE GROUNDS
THIE CHUTES
Will Be Opened Only onf*ATUBDAYs AND SUN-
DAYS, AFTERNOONS and EVENINGS, Till
Further Notice.
DO NOT GROW OLD.
What Charles Dickens Said and a Valu-
able Hint to All Who Wl«h to 1 j
__ . , Retain Youth. -. -: . . ■ :"." :i '
♦>,»«* c8 * Sickens never wrote a truer thing
than the following description of old are :TTi
«!.rht «f anything be more pitiable than the
s>?ot ,2 elderly men and women who realize
tnat the strength of earlier years is departing?
Down the plane of life, whose end Is darkness,
they look and wonder if their weary steps will
carry them painlessly to the end." _ :&\
thMML. can elderly people do to avoid
these dangerous symptoms of weakness? How
can they prevent the trembling of the nerves,
the lessening of vitality, the decreased vipori
their frequent chilly sensations? Plainly, they
SrY,t»fn V . Si i ta nc< iv Ordinary food- and
«™VLh ill _," ot K help them. Dru * 3 should be
avoided. The best advice on the subject is
given by Dr. Gardner, an eminent physician,
who says: - ,-
•'Elderly persons who suffer from cold feet 1
and find artificial heat applied externally,
fails to afford relief, may. witn great advant-
age, take whiskey and hot water on going to
bed. If headache or foul tongue should fol-
low, it may be regarded as a sure sign that the?
spirit is impure, and probably contains fusel
oil A very slight trace of this noxious in-
gredient will, in some constitutions, produce
headache — as accurate a test of impurity as S
: chemistry can employ." 8
There is only one . absolutely pure whiskey I
; pure from fusel oil/and that is the well-known
and universally popular Duffy's pure malt
whiskey. It has all the properties that contri- 1
bute to health and vigor and none that can in-
jure. It cannot harm the stomach of ■ even ■■&%
child. ' It may be procured from any reliable
grocer or druggist, but care should be exer-n
cised that no inferior imitation is substituted. s
There is nothing else that can possibly take
its place. . ■ • 4
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAY MAN SCO'S THEATERS
Ift at the , I LAST 6 SIGHTS
Baldwin « «»"«
!_^ I SATURDAY.
EDDIE I THE STRANGE I^
POV ADVENTURES
rvl iOFMISS BROWN
NEXT lADARKHAN
WKKK lAUGUSTIMI AUGUSTIM DALY COMPANY.
SKATS for the Kntire Three Weeks "
ON SALE TO-DAY. , ~->
Ist 'Countess Gucki," "Two Escutch-
eons" and "School For scandal." ■ >
2d Wees— "Midsummer Night's Dream" ■ and
" Last Word."
. 3dWeek-- Twelfth Night." "The Hunchback."
'•The Honeymoon" and "Taming of The Shrew."
(X AT THE" TO Ai_ 3HT
CALIFORNIA all theW
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
ENTIRE CHANGE FROM START TO .
FINISH, INCLUDING THE
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
5O COUPLES 50
Will Contest for Cash and Valuable Prizes.
All Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry.
Monday, May 18-UOVT'S
"A TKIF TO CHINATOWN V
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
TO-NIGH V AND Dt KING THE WEBK
MAGNIFICENT NEW A TTRATION9!
A Marvelous Kill Tronehout!
WOOD AND SHEPAIID,
FIELD. AND LKWI^.
JOHN W. RANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera oaatfi
and Box seats. Me.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. I
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
W ALTKK MOROSUO, Sole Levee and ilau»*«e j
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, j
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLXTEf£~
In the Great Melodrama,
"THE CROSSROADS OF LIFE"
EvEifiso PRitiL*-250 an! s>j.
family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE.
BUT H. O 13 T DC JS!
WON "KIiFIL FiiKE MUSEUM !
Largest Swimming Tank in the World.
PURE SEA WATER.
Experienced Swimming Teachers
From European Colleges.
GENERAL ADMISSION:
ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN sc. ;
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
ODE* -A-DFLT,
Cor. California and Mason streets.
The Annual Spring Exhibition,
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting and ■'■
140ezamples In oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples in plastic art. Is now
open dally from 9 a. »i, to 5 p. m., including Sun-
days. Organ Recitals Sunday afternoou3 from 2
to 4. Admission 25c
Concerts IS very Thursday Evening.
Admission sOc.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(lngleside Track;.
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H. I
! ■■;••;■.■ ■
ADMISSION 81. 00.
Take Southern Facitic trains at Third and Towa*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take .Mission-street electric line dlreot
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS W. a LEAKS
President. Secretary-
■ i
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
GRAND FAMILY OUTiNG
MD RESERVED SEAT EXCURSION
TO
RUSSIAN RIVER !
NEXT SUNDAY, May 17. Leave via 7:30
Tiburon boat. Choice of 6 hours at PIETA,
s^hours at HOPLAND or DUNCANS SPRINGS,',
or 4 hours at URIAH. Tickets for round trip ;
only $2, children $1, for sale at ferry. : RE-
SERVED SEATS without extra charge from
J. E. LOCKE, 333 O'Farrell st. daily from 1 to
9P. M.. Fine trout-fishing in Pieta Creek. A
picturesque ride. DON'T MISS IT.' ::■■ ' -■ ■ r r\-
- 9J HUI SANTA
M : The Grandest • g% B% fI ■£
JT 11. :of the Season : Vllwb:
n MOUNTAINS
f J V THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
M^fcjrsion and Family Picnic*
OF THE
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
WILL BE HKLD ON
THURSDAY MAY 21, 1896
At GLENWOOD PAKK
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Tickets for the round trip (including Park). SI. OO
Children (between 6 and 12 years) 500
Tickets can be procured of any member of the
Society, or at 606 Montgomery St., Boom 16, or at
the wharf on the morning of the Kxcursloq, A
tine Band of Mna'.c will accompany the Kxcursion.
The train will be made up of Flrst-classs Passen-
ger Coaches. Prizes for adults aud children.
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry (narrow gauge), foot
of Market st., at 8:45 a. m. sharp. Returning,
train leaves UlcnnooU at 5:i)0 f. m.
78
JODST TO GET
HIS ROAD AGAIN.
The San Francisco and San
Mateo Car Line May
Change Hands.
PIPING OUT THE DEBT.
Proposal to Extend the Road
North to Meet the Sutter-
Street Cars.
OUT TO GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Improved Machinery and Modern
Equipments to Bs Pur
chased.
The San Francisco and San Mateo elec
tric car line, which was sold a short time
t-iuce to Buck, Ohlandt and others, will
almost to a certainty revert into the hands
and under the control of its original owner,
Behrend Joost. This much has been
ascertained by one who is in a. position to
know that it is the intention of Mr. Joost
to redeem the road inside of the next
three months.
Tie getting possession of the road with
its franchise and rolling stock is not a
qiesiion of bargain and sale, as might be
supposed; for the present owners are well
satisfied with the DTOpertJ they bought,
and intended to retain possession of it
and spend some thousands of dollars in
putting it in first-class condition. But the
law permits Mr. Joost to redeem the road
at any time within one year by paying the
purchase price and the penalty of 10 per
cent per annum upon the amount of tue
purchase money, which, in this case,
am unts to $30,000 on the $300,000 paid.
This sum, capital and interest, Mr.
Joost is ready and willing to pay to the
receiver, who, under the law, must put
him In peaceable possession of the roaa at
any time the money is offered to| him
within twelve months from the date of the
. sale by its former owner.
The law makes a difference between the
redemption of real estate sold to satisfy a
foreclosure of a mortgage upon a judgment
and a sale of a franchise by order of a
court.
In the case of a franchise- the time for
redemption is fixed at one year with the
penalty of 10 per cent per annum ; where
as in a sale of real estate under similar
conditions six months is the limit of re
demption, with a penalty of 1 per cent per
month.
Thus it will be seen that no matter how
anxious the present owners may be to re
tain possession of the property they must
deliver it up to Joost by his complying
with the law.
Section 392 of the Civil Code of this State
reads:
The corporation may at any time within one
year after such sale redeem the franchise by
paying or tendering to the purchaser the sum
t paid therefore, with 10 per cent interest there-
OSjb<lt " :thr.;i,t uny allowaai-e for the toll
which he may in the meantime have re
ceived; and upon such payment or lender the
franchise and all the rights and privileges
thereof revert and belong to the corporation
as if no such sale had Deen made.
The power of redemption given to Joost
as the corporate body holding the fran
chise is unquestionable, and as such he in
tends to make use of it by tendering the
money to Buck and Ohlandt within a few
montus. The road without its franchise
would be of very little value to any per
son as a railroad speculation.
This law and its conditions were thor
oughly understood by the parties who
bought the road at the receiver's sale, but
they had no idea that it would be re
deemed, and it was their intention to so
improve it as to make it a first-class line
by reconstructing it and placing new cars
and other modern improvements in all of
its respective parts. But under the law
quoted they were constrained for prudence
and economy's sake to withhold the ex
penditure of any money until the expira
aon of the twelve months, when the road
with its franchise would become their ab
solute property.
By the sale of the road the original in
debtedness of $1,100,000 on the bonds for
material and labor, the two latter being
preferred claims, and all pending suits for
damages or for other cause, have all been
wiped completely out of existence.
The interest "on the original bonds
amounted tT? about $175,000. for material
and labor. This would make the original
indebtedness of the road quite an amount
in excess of thai for which Mr. Joost can
now get his road back.
There is a big difference between $3,300 -
00C and $330,000; so by the sale and re
demption quite a margin h left, which it
is the intention of its original builder to
apply for placing the road and rolling
stock in first-ciass condition.
New trucks will be purchased for the
cars and heavier rails put down, with a
substantial ballast for the roadbed, which
it is thought, will have the effect of stop^
ping the unpleasant jumping motion so
noticeable on this line.
a In addition to this it ia intended to ex
-1 tend the Guerrero line from Fourteen th
streeet north to Market, crossing that
street and continuing north on Laguna to
Sutter, whence it is proposed to connect
by transfer system with all branches of
the latter. Thus the Butter-street line
will be made a center line from the Mis
sion district direct to the Park and Clifl
House, as also to the county line.
Another branch will run down Fulton
street to the City Hall, and may be ex
tended out west to Lyon street, taking a
turn into Grove ami ending at Stanyan
etreet at the Golden Gate Park.
Other connections and extensions are
thought of about the eastern end, but
none of those have assumed such shape
as would justify the proposed route being
described at present.
SUFFRAGISTS STILL BUSY
Three Organizations Held En
thusiastic Meetings Yes
terday.
Resolutions of Thanks to All Who
Took Part in the Late Woman's
Congress.
Enthusiasm in the cause of woman suf
frage seems to be on tlie increase among
its advocates. Yesterday afternoon about
300 of the ladies *vho have taken most in
teresr in the Woman's Congress just con
cluded met in Shasta Hall, Native Sons'
I building, to discuss the results of the con
gress.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who presided,
gaye a brief resume of the ground covered
by the congress, and expressed the highest
gratification at its unqualified success.
Thi9 success, she said, was duo in a great
measure to the union of purpose arid har
mony of action which prevailed among all
the participants in the creat csnvention
Sue thanked all who had aided her in her
efforts to make the congress interesting
and profitable to those who attended its
meetines.
It iiad been intended to elect oflicers
and a new executive board for the ensuing
year, but on referring to the constitution
it was found that the election would have
to be postponed until next Monday. At
the meeting on that day certain amend
ments to the constitution are to be pre
sented for adoption,
Mrs. Cooper made a few remarks on the
value of the ballot in connection with kin
dercarten work.
Miss Agnes If. Manning, chairman of
the committee appointed for the purpose,
presented a set of resolutions thanking
the local press, the speakers at the con
gress and other persons for favors received.
In the morning a joint meet ng of the
Amendment Campaign Association and
the Woman Suffrage Association was held
at the residence of Mrs. A. A. Sargent,
president of the latter named organization,
1630 Folsoiu street, Mrs. Sargent and Mrs.
Cooper, president of the Campaign Asso
ciation, jointly presiding. The meeting
was private, but at the afternoon session
of the Congress Association it was re
ported that the attendance had been large
and enthusiastic. Plans were formulated
for the extension of the work for woman
suffrage by means of lectures, conventions
and mass-meetings in all portions of the
State. It was also decided to invite Mrs.
Chapman-Catt, a noted woman suffrage
orator in New York, to come to this coast
as soon as possible to aid in the work.
THAT NEW THEATER.
Banker Enos ami Manager Heilig Here
to Arrango Finally for Their
Entertainments.
C. L. Heilig of Tacoma, manager of the
northwestern circuit of theaters, and T. M.
Enos, the bank president of Tacoma, who
with their friends own the Tacoma and
Seattle theaters, and control others at
Portland, Spokane and elsewhere, are at
the Palace.
They were here, as will be remembered,
a few months ago, to make arrangements
for renting or building a theater. They
went away after several propositions had
been made to them. These propositions
were in writing, and Mr. Enos, who is the
capitalist of the enterprise, baa submitted
them since to his moneyed associates.
•'We have got the money, and we ore
here now to makefinal arrangements," he
said last night. ''It means that if we can't
lease such a theater as we want we will go
to work and build a finer theater than
there is here.f
"We have got to have theatrical connec
tions here, because it is necessary in order
to make our business what it should be.
We have got money in, and we will put in
more to get the full profits that an addi
tional investment in a new theater here
would give us.
"It is either this or a lease. We will be
here about a week, and will settle it defi
nitely while here."
ALMSHOUSES AND ASYLUMS.
The Civic Federation Favors Civil Ser
vice Rule* for Their Management.
The removal of the Superintendent of
the Almshouse has awakened the mem
bers of the Civic Federation to action.
"A number of the members of the fed
eration," said George T. Gaden yesterday,
"have had an informal talk on this sub
ject, and it has been decided to hold a
meeting at an early day to see if anything
can be done in the matter. We are of the
opinion that sue!) institutions as the Alms
house and the asylums for the insane
should not be mixed up in politics, and
that the civil service rules should apply to
such institutions. Weaieof the opinion
that the law that prevents the removal of
schoolteachers except for cause will apply
to the Almshouse Superintendent, and we
propose to test that law and see what vir
tue there is in it. We do not intend to
make a fight specially for Mr. Weaver, but
we want to ascertain if the principle that
a Eood and efficient officer should not be
removed except for cause will not apply to
the Alrashouse."
C. Wesley Reed, another member of the
federation," staled that one thing that the
federation is doing is working for the
adoption of the new charter. If that is
adopted it will bring all our public insti
tutions under the civil service rules and
take them out of politics.
HOBART LOS T A HUNDRED
Bet His Prize Polo Pony Was
Fleeter Than One From
Riverside.
Rivalry in the Recent Matches De
cided in a Sunday Race Before
A 1 "B ingum."
"Blingum's" fleetest tjolo pony has been
beaten and Walter Hobart is $100 poorer
than he was Sunday noon; but the loss of
the money is a minor consideration to the
young millionaire, who has l»een accus
tomed to capturing all the best prizes at
the horse shows with his string of thor
oughbreds.
During the recent polo matches at San
Jose and at Burlingame for the coast
championship a good deal of rivalry arose
as to the merits of individual ponies.
Waring, one of the most reckless riders of
the defeated Riverside team, asserted that
his thoroughbred mount. Santa Clara, had
shown herself to be the fastest pony in
the field. But young Hobart, fired by vic
tory and a dominant pride in whatever is
from "Blinvtum," would not concede that
his Laddie was second to anything on the
coast with cropped mane anil docked tail.
So a match race for $100 a side was ar
ranged to be run Sunday afternoon on
Hobarfs private track at his place a little
to the south of San Mateo
All "Blingum" eatbered to honor the
occasion. A small Spanish boy whom the
Riversides had brought up from Southern
California In preparation for just such an
event was mounted on Santa Clara, and
Hunn, Hobart's trainer, was selected to
pilot Laddie over the half-mile course.
The ponies got off well together and
came tearing down the stretch almost neck
and neck, with Laddie slightly in the lead
until nearly to the wire, when Santa Clara
burst ahead and won by a nose.
"Blingum" is chagrined but not dis
heartened by the defeat. An soon as the
players shall have recovered from the
fatigue caused by the two hard contests of
last week the regular Wednesday and
Saturday polo games on the club's grounds
will be resumeo ana continued throughout
the summer season.
In the fall the Burlingame Polo Club
may go down to Riverside to play a match
with their old rivals, but the trip depends
a good deal on financial considerations
The expenses of the visiting Riverside
team were largely defrayed by the Santa
Clara Rose Carnival, though members of
Me Burlingame set contributed $1000 in
private subscription.
During the last week in August the
usual racemeet and society event par
ticipated in by Burlinghame will be held
at Del Monte.
A Bogns Order.
Joseph Williams, 817, Broadway, swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday for
the arrest of Henry Spear on the charge of ob
taining money by false pretense*. On April 2
Spear got .S3O from Williams on an order for
$35 on the Alaska Packers' Association, which
proved to be bogus. . .
• — *> — •
Germany ; has two centers for the seed
trade. One is Qnedlinburg and the other
is Erfurt. It is in the former town that
the prices are made.'.; v; ; -._ :;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
A DAY FOR OUTSIDERS
One Lonely Favorite Reached
the Wire First at Ingle
side.
WALTER J LEFT AT THE POST.
Instigator Downed Scimitar Handily.
Toano Nosed Out the Favorite,
Mobalasca.
The rainfall of the night previous left
the track in a heavy condition, and race
goers at Ingleside yesterday met with ill
success in pickine the winners.
Fleur de Lis, the fast daughter of Max
im, took the opening scramble for two
year-olds, but in the five races following
the first choices were all downed.
The attendance was good, and as the
betting was extremely lively the layers of
odds undoubtedly recouped some of their
losses sustained on Saturday, which was a
hard day for the ring.
Racing has furnished chapters of hard
luck stories, and the fourth race of the
day. a seven-furlong run with a held of
eight going to the post, added one more
to the long list. Walter J, backed from 7 j
to 5 down to evens, wheeled when the bar
rier was raised and was left at the post.
Whether he would have gained the de
cision or not is problematical, for the sec
ond choice. Red Glenn, won with such
ease that the three-year-old would have
had to be in very, very line fettle to have
beaten him. Senator Bland, a 12 to 1
chance, ran into the place, with Strath
flower a fair third.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter aeeting. Ingleside Track. Eighty-second day, Monday,
Hay 1 1 , 1 896. Weather fine.
UWa
index. j Horse, weight. jst. »4 % % Htr. Fin. Jockeys. lop?"'"?!.
1124 FlenrdeLls' 108 1 11 . 11 | 12 Shields. 1-3 2-5
(1145) J)unboy..... 108 3 21 2Va i 2 3 Ceadv 4 4
1124 ,Tho Roman. 101 6 42 31 31 McClaln 30 60
1028 Howards 11l 6 $iA 41 44 Johnson. ! 6 7
1150 Lady Hurst 98! 2 64 66 616 Plggott 60 100
1165 Gratis 101 4 6 6 6 Palmer 100 300
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner. El Primero stable's b. f.. by Imp. Maxlm-Fleurette
Time, :bO^.
Betting.
; Op. CL
1 lf-JQ SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; condi-
-1100. tions; purse $400.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. I St. Std. 14 jy,l •£ Str. I FJn. Jockeys. | O pf v
1159 Instigator, 3 101 4 In 111 11 12 |12 jl 2 iMcClaln .." ~~4
1141 >cimetar, 3 101 2 6 1 4 1 ,4 IVi 3 1 2J£ 2 8 Johnson 18-51 8-5
1152 Paro*,3 101 5 32 13^ !3 Vi 2n j3'J 33 H.Martin 3
1129 Alt moke, 4. 11*1 6 6 '5 1 si£!s 3 >4 3 415 Rowan I 8
llftS Mirambo,3 101 1 4^ 6 6 6 >> 53 IFrawley 10
(1092).Uovernor liudd,3. 98 a 1: a •-' 3 ,2 2 (4 1 |6 1 |6 iFrawley 12
Jockeys.
I netting.
jOp. Cl.
ting.
U.
6
8-5
7-2
10
7
20
Starting-gate used,
tlon. Time, 2:00.
Won easily. Winner, Elmwood stock farm's br. c, by imp. Bruius-Installa-
In 4 THIRD RACK— Mx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age. weight, j bt. j i 4i 4
1162 Daylight, 3. 96 ~3 ~
11S4 Tiberius, 3 96 ! 6
1105 Mt. Roy. 5 107 1
1146 Doubtful, 3 95 2
Jerome -•*, a 11l 6
1140 Big Chief. 3 93 : 4
1160. Harry Lewis, 6... 107 7| ........
% I % Str.
3 h 83 2h
2 h 1 h 1 14
12 2 h 3 i
42 4 2 4 2
635 2 6 1
5 h 6 6 6 10
7 7 7
Fin. Jockeys. ,j*"*
lh Piggott-.. 6
as Bailer 3-2
3 4 SnMer. 4
4 5 - Cochrau 4
5 1 C.Web«r 16
6 20 ! Johnson I 15
7 J. Brown 60
Fin. I
Jockeys.
' netting.
Op. hi.
ting.
Cl.
5
3-2
9-2
9-2
30
30
100
Starting-gale used.
l:18»i.
Won driving.
Winner, J. O. Brown A Co. 'sen. f., by Coloma- Laura I>. Time,
"I CX FOURTH KACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; conditions; purse 9400.
inflex. j Horse, age. weight, j fit. Vi % »4 | Str. Fin. j Jockeys. ! oßctto Bctt
868 'Red Glenn. 6 11l 2! 41 3v, 12 1 1 111 ! Coady 'a -"
1142 Senator Bland, 3.100 l! 68 61 3% 2y, 2 3 IBrown' ' 8
1129 tralhJtower, 6...109 1 Si 1% 22 41 3 */, 8^ Maxey ...'....1.. 15
1153 Huntsman,4 11l 6; 21, 42 6y, 65 42 Martin 12
(937) Morv. n. 6 11l 6|BJ^ lh 2s, 41 61 Snider. . 8
1147 Meadow Lark, 4..109 7 7 62 64 61 63 McClajn. . " 10
1128 Fo remosr, 4 11.9 4| 6b 7 7 7 7 Macklin . ' .* 10
1141 Walter J, 3 100 left .' Plggott ' 8-6
; Betting.
Op. CL
ting.
Cl.
6-2
12
60
30
7
20
10
1
Starting-gate used.
:32Vfc.
Won »aslly. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. g., by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Time,
166 FIFTH RaCE ~ One » nd a balf miles; selling; four-ye»r-olds and up; penalties: purse f4OO
Index. Hone, age, weight. St. Std. 14 Vi I*A str. j Fin. I Jockeys. [ Betting.
(1153) Wawona, 5 110 4 Ih 11 j1 y, 11 1112 McClaln. 6 10
1127 Thorn bill, 6 113 62% !21 31* 21 2l* 21 Coady ... ." !'.' I? 7.5
1162 LiUle Cripple. 6. .112 15 5 5 Ib 4T '3** C. Weber ... .. ' 6 6
1132 Uncle Giles, 4....108 2 43 41^4^ I : Bi* 44 Plggott.. . 6 I
(118-J) Don Caesar, 4 108 332 8n JB'? 13 h 6 5 8ergen. ............ 3 7-2
Starting-gate ns*d. Won handily. Winner, Mokelumne stock farm's eh. g., by Imp. SlrModred
typhoon. Time, 2:45 V1* fflßWHlftil *^
Jockeys.
! Bet tin 1:.
I Op. OL
167.
81XTH RACE— Mx furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
i I I i !
Index. Horse, age, weight. BLI 14 y^ 84 str.
(9P9) Toano. a 107 1 11 1 2 1~1
1133 Mobalanca.3 91 7 65 43 Bia
1154 Bneno. 4 105 1 5 4h I By. 2hi
1159 AfllatUß, 3 91 2 3 h 1 2 h 4 2
(1151) Scbnitz. 4 108 3 by. \ «16 64
941 Benhani.3 110: 4 7 7 7
(1142), Circe. 4 104 i 6 2\^ 61 615
Bettl
Fin. Jockey. Op.
Ins Macklin 3
2 1 Frawley 2
3 3 IPlrcott 8-5
4 5 IBrown !io
615 Martin 10
64 Ames SO
7 Coady | 7
Jockey.
Butting.
Op. Cl.
Ing.
Cl.
5
9-5
2
15
12
60
6
Ht art ing-gate used. Won driving,
lme. 1:17^. 6
Winner, William Bloombaugh's b. g., ty Longfellow-Salara.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day** Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club* Ingleside Track.
<list»nce r Vr i e '^en. r ' "" **"" *™ no reCOrd •' ** dUtan< " to »* run the wcorl. at the next neareit
Abbreviations— F., f»st: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; »., furlong; •. about.
FIRST RACE— HaIf a mile; selling; two-year-olds.
i Best i
Index. Name. | Lbs j record, j
DIsU i Lbs ' Tit.
Owner.
Pedlfrse,
■Hi iMii i^^
BECOKD RACE— B!x furlongs; selling.
Index. |
Name.
I Best I
; Lbs record.] cl «- Lbs Tk.j
Owner.
Pedlirrefli
.~ ns» I io l^ * t ?S^:':::: ::: tester
ii6i ip.F ii,nnL— 106 1:181,4 ,ml n."..^'^^^^;;;;; igSSwon™."^^
THIRD RACE— Eleven-sixtecnihs of a mile; selling.
Index.'
i F Hest i ii
ex.! Nam*. I Lbs record.! Dlat. LNilTlc.l
LNilncJ
Same.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1
1167 Circe '.. 103 1:09>4 61A 1 107 F. Lone at&hl* r —
1131 >\Vm Plnlcerton. 93 1:15<%16 f 97 F ' S C lllldreVh i^ Frla «; T«ck-Je»sie C
(1071) Shield Bearer... 1 108 I:O9V* M,4 f 111 H? V Phi lln, jMiannon-Fanule Lewis
1149 Mroad 8i110w... OS no rec *....... .... " ('Fsinp,. Ump. ner-Mnmle Cole
(1144) Peixotto ! 93 1:l4y 8 6f 93 F. Golden We.7«iWhii'? road Church-Billow
VV 1 144 71 p. hanta Bella ;»9 1 :() 1?! 5 f 105 ; F. W.O'BMMdonon.h - ml*m 1 * *™ + y Kelpie
(1164) George Miller.. 108 1:08^ '6% f 111 P. .VV L .Stmal * ? «#s"t. llnp - M * lden BeUe
FOURTH RA(-B-one and a sixteenth miles; selling.
■ : Best ' j ■ : ', ~ — ■ — — :—: — ,
Index. Name. Lbs Record Dlst. Lha Tk. Owner. Ppd • '
• - : ° er - Pedigree,
1181 T0n1n0.;........ 93 1:34 It jlloiFT Almil)»iot..M 7 ■ — — .
1152 Dungarven..... 116 I :O9Vi 6% f 101 fZ' L.E*eil " lable - £.. H i F<inton -"««e B
1151 Jack Richelieu. 116 1:44 Ila 114 H. J Robpiti' •' ' Hindoo-lrap. Calphurnla
1146 ! Belle 80yd...... 911:29 7f 104 F.. j'p Atkln ■"■' U?C:. Greml Torn-Knvenom
(1160) Moßier 98 1:301.4 7 I 94 F!A. B. SprecicoU ** " « " J 2 Key - Bylv|B
1152 Tar and Tartar. 113 1 :49« 4 / 1-16 m 1(14 Fa a a MorrU '" flambeau-Moselle
1146 iAlvero :.. 193 1:17 6 f 05 Fa: 8. Hildreth ' "«ndoo-Br»inbaleUa
1150 A. Bpreckels...". 96 1:288,4 7 f iOl F... K. (oVrJcan Oano-Litlita
1141. Perseu,... ■193 ' 1:36 l 7 f 96 H.. C-b.ld'Sf'at^" tegggp^fg*^?^
Owner.
i
Pedttree,
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling.
I
odez.
JN'a&ne,
I ! Beat I II
> Lbs I record.! Dl«. ! Lbs Tic.
Owner.
redlgree.
1169 Ip. Miss Bnimel Hsl : 42>/b 1 m
1119 rhartreuse 11. .. 101 'l:27Vi 71
(1141)iAli Over Uojl:29'/S ?'
1147 Reydelßandidosi 92. 1 : vBVi 7 f
(1169) Olive 1 89(1:28^5,7 f
— j 1 I__ | i-euisree.
101 ?!' J V "<iHn^ h °° 0B Beau Bruromel-lnm Mirage
110 P... 8. C. Andrei V—Y — , L mp - ( he V ot ' lmilL Zar» ""
96 ■ P.. . Lone .V.Kil? Hanover-Deceit ' '
102 P.:* E Corrtl "•••■ Ip- True Brlton-Ema Collier
• r - i° rn g»n Apache- Virgie
SIXTH RACK-8U furlongs: selling.
• I Best | I
ndex. j : Name.; - ! Lbs ■ record. i Dim. Lbs
Tic.
Owner.
Pedlgre*.
1151 Charles A.....:. 'Wl :«i% 1 m
1153 IPodlga ...... 107 1:20 'i 6f
1128 May Day........ 110 1:41 1 m
1108 Joe Terry 100 1:15 61
1146 Crawford........ 107 1:10 61A I
1165 M0rven. ..:..... 107 1:161,4 «I .
1154 Babe Murphy... 103 1:138.- 6f
1146 New M00n...... ! 911:17V2 ! 6f
1148 Sea Spray 105 1:141^ 6f
1151 Koivalsky...;... | 98 .I:U:'4. I:U : ' 4 6f •'.
103 H.. v. Archibald..
101 H..|A. Berry
104 r\. 'a. P. Miller.
108 H.. I Autrlm stable
128 P... i White* Clarke"""
100 ,F M . L.EzeU.
97 11. %V. v. Randall
10J X .. p. siebenthaler.".""
9B F...K. Corrigan...;
John A-Karly Kose
i'uwliattan-CodtKa
John A-Lowena X
Flambeau-Imp. Teardrop
Apach«-£mmi Longfleld
Imp. chevtot-Lurilne
K;ta» Law re.ncv-Pacs Gleun
1 1 y,i. r a 1. -Naiimrifa
Imp. Mariner-Maranette
Isaac Murphy-Derocnment
The bald-faced Thornhill added to the
discomfort of the talent by starting; a warm
favorite for the mile and . a half selling
event and finishing behind the 10 to 1 out
sider, Wawona, ridden by Si McClain.
Opening at evens the odils against the
Lone stable entry went to 7 to 5, when
they were forced down to 6 to 5 and evens
again. The pace cut out was a slow one,
and Wawona, who made the running, was
so afflicted with speed that when Coadv, on
the favorite, made his move he found him
self unable to mow down the leader's ad
vantage gained at the start and was beaten
out very handily at the wire by a length
and a half in 2:45^. Little Cripple came
strong at the end, finishing lapped on the
place horse.
Six two-year-olds started in the opening
four-furlong dash, with Fleur de Lis held
at 2 to 5. She led all the way, winning
easily from the second choice, Dunboy,
in :50>£. ... .
The Elrawood stock farm's horses ap
pear to have regained their old winning
streak, as has been testified to on several
occasions of lat«. Its representative, In
stigator, in the mile and a furlong run, de
cided under selling conditions, knocked
down a very heavily supported choice in
Scimitar, who was played down from 2 to
Itoßto 5, with big bundles of coin. The
overlooked one jumped out in front at the
start and won all the way, passing the
stand nearly three lengths before the fa
vorite. Paros, the second choice, injudi
ciously ridden by H. Martin, was third.
- The race tnat followed over six furlongs
furnished a nose finish between the 7 to 5
favorite. Tiberius, and the 6 to 1 outsider,
Daylight. In a drive the last lurlong Pig
gott had slightly the better of the argu
ment with Fanny Butler and gained the
decision for the almost neglected one in
the betting by a very narrow margin.
About the closest thing of the entire
afternoon's sport was the finish between
Toano and Mobalasca in the last race of
the day, a six-furlong sprint. Mr. Corri
. an's Indian-named filly had first call in
the betting at 8 to 5, while 6 to 1 was laid
against the old campaigner. Toano was
fortunate in outbreaking his field, getting
away in the lead, while the first choice
was away last. | Toano led into the stretch
with a lead of two lengths, the first choice,
fourth, making rapid strides to the front.
Opposite the paddock . Mobalasca" looked
to have the old horse beaten, but under
Macklin's hard riding he made a great
spurt the last thirty yards and got the
verdict by a nose. Bueno, the second
choice, was third.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
To-morrow, the closing day of the two
weeks' meeting, will be "ladies' day" at
lncleside.
The three-cornered match race between
Orestes, George Palmer and Fleur de Lis,
which was to have been the special feature
of the closing day, has been declared off.
Tnis action was necessitated from the fact
that Orestes is to be shipped East shortly
along with the horses of Orrin Hickok and
has been piven a -'let-up" in his work.
One of the eyes of the race mare Majorie,
whose nostrils were plugged with sponges
some weeks aeo at the pay District track,
has troubled her ever since that occurred,
and yesterday in making an examination
of the mare's head her trainer discovered
a second sponge in one of the mare's nos
trils that had undoubtedly been the cause
iof her discomfort. The miscreants who
I committed the act evidently intended to
! take no chances on having the racer give
them the double-cross.
Walter J appears to be sour and a cessa
tion from track work might work a change
for the better in his behaviour.
MEN WHO WILL FIGHT.
Sharkey and Williams and Hawkim and
Ziegler Have Been Matched.
The National Athletic Club is already
arranging for its next fistic entertainment.
The managers say that they will have no
difficulty in securing first-class fistic talent,
but it is the leasing of a proper hall for
the purpose where the shoe pinches most.
The pavilion would be a first-class place,
no doubt, but the expense attached to the
holding of a series of boxing contests
witliin that big structure is considerable.
The Olympic Club had to pay something
like $100— an expense Recount for the
breakage of "furniture"— for its one even
ing's entertainment. There are other in
cidentals connected with the lease of this
place which very materially lessen the
weight of the profits realized from a box
ing entertainment.
The National Club has completed ar
rangements for a ten-round bout some
evening in the early part of June between
Tom Sharkey, "the natator," and big Wil
liams, the colored pugilist who fought Ed
Smith of Denver. It is said that Williams
relies entirely on his strength and ability
to inflict punishment by heavy hitting to
win a victory. He shows no judgment,
but goes rieht in at his man hammer and
tongs and slashes away regardless of where
his blows land. Everybody is aware of
Sharkey's style of righting, consequently
all I hat need be said of a match between
those fellows is that the pace will be hot
until one of the "hurricaners" will come
to grief and the end may come as an early
surprise to fighters and's ectators.
The fake fighters, or those of them who
propose in case of dire distress to resort to
a subterfuge will have to quit thinking
and speculating on what is now commoniy
known as the "groin" punch. Referee Al
King says that the next fighter who will
"play for wind" by giving to him and the
spectators the impression that he was hit
"Delow the belt" will receive a sentence
which he (King) guarantees to be a safe
cure for groin complaint.
The manager of the People's Theater
has, it is said, consummated a match be
tween Dal Hawkins and Ziegler. The lat
ter is in very straitened circumstances and
■will agree to almost any proposition that
will result in money-making.
The sports of Bakersfield have organ
ized an athletic club which will be known
as the Kern County Athletic Club. The
officers are: President, G. C. Rowell; sec
retary and business manager, Walter E.
Gould; treasurer, W. W. Hoocroft; pro
fessor of boxing, Thomas Barry of San
Francisco. The directors are now on the
hunt for good boxers, and when they will
find suitable talent a grand evening's en
tertainment will be given which will con
sist of all kinds of indoor athletic sport.
Barry is a good instructor of physical cul
ture.
About eight months ago the Olympic
Club offered a life membership to any
member who, during the year, would bring
into the club the greater number of mem
bers. The race for the title was very in
teresting for a few months, but when the
friends of Dr. E. N. Short, the leader at
the ciub, heard that he (Short) was in the
race they flocked to his assistance, and as a
result the popular athlete is now far ahead
of his competitors, and running to the
homestretch under an easy pull.
The Olympic Club do not intend to give
a second boxing tournament this year.
WILL ASK MORE MONEY
The Health Department Wants
an Increased Appro
priation.
Public Organizations Asked to Discuss
the Matter— Splenetic Fever
Raging.
The Board of Health held a special ses
sion yesterday morning to attend to a
number of important matters that were
deemed urgent enough to warrant imme
diate action. The principal matter con
sidered was a communication from
Auditor Broderick in relation to the ap
propriation for the coming fiscal year.
The Auditor desired Dr. Lovelace, to
whom the letter was addressed, to make
an estimate of the funds that would be
needed br the department and file the
same in his office. The Health Depart
ment has long intended to make a strong
plea to the Board of Supervisors for a
much larger sum than has been appro
priated in the past, believing that the
health of the City is paramount to every
other consideration and that the depart
ment should not be hampered by lack of
funds in carrying out the necessary work.
Dr. Morse was ready with a resolution
bearing on the subject, which read as fol
lows:
Whbrear, The health of the entire population
of a great city is of paramount importance
and entitled to greater and fuller consideration
than any other subject; and whereas, there
are many association* and bodies now n this
City organized witb the view of promotiu? the
general welfare of this City, now it is unani
mously
Jietnlved, That this board invite the proper
representatives of all associations organized
to further the welfare of this city, to a general
meeting to take place at lime and olace to be
fixed in the near future, to discuss with such
associations the best methods of increasing
the public health ot this City and County.
A vote of thanks to Judge Hebbard for |
his successful efforts in securing an ap- |
propriation from the Supervisors for the
care of the insane in the Receiving Hospi
tal was passed unanimously.
A communication from E. D. McCabe.
private secretary to Governor Budd, stat
ing that information had been received
that splenetic fever was raging among the
cattle in various parts of the State, was
read, and the board instructed the market
inspector and veterinary surgeon to watch i
for meat infected with the disease and con- !
deran it.
It was decided that, in view of the re- i
ports against the sanitary condition of the
City Prison that had been made by the in
spectors, an investigation by the full board
should be made at an early date.
Dr. M. J. Rosenau, the Marine Hospital
service surgeon stationed at Angel Island,
notified the board that he had received in
structions from Washington to disinfect
the baggage of all Chinese arriving from
the Orient and asked its co-operation. The
secretary was instructed to reply that the
board would do everything in its power to
aid Dr. Rosenau.
FOR A LOCAL CARNIVAL.
An Annual Fete Not So Much
a Question as Its Date
and Name.
ENTHUSIASTICALLY DISCUSSED.
Committee of Seventeen lo Collect
Data and Report at a Larger
Meeting Next Monday.
San Francisco took the first step last
night toward the inauguration of some
sort of an annual fete, be it called La
Fiesta, like that of Los Angeles; Mardi
Gras. like that of New Orleans; Veiled
Prophet, like that of St. Louis, carnival,
or some entirely new name.
Fifty citizens, representing many of the
most public-spirited organizations, met in
the Baldwin Hotel and, after a discussion
very favorable to the project, appointed a
temporary committe of seventeen to col
lect a crowd and much valuable informa
tion for another meeting, to be held at the
same place next Monday evening.
This is the committee that purposes to
arouse interest in the enterprise and find
out all about the plans adopted in the
cities where great fetes have been most
successful :
John A. Steinbach of the Native Sons of
the Golden West; S. H. Tracy of the Pro
ducers' and Manufacturers' Association of
California; Dr. J. W. D. Evelyn, president
of the Geographical Society of California;
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chauts'jJAssociation; Oscar Boldermann,
secretary of the Travelers' Protective Asso
ciation ; "W. H. Mills of the State Board of
Trade; David Rich of the State Develop
ment Committee; E. J. Baldwin, the hotel
and racehorse owner; A. Bouvier of the
Half-million Club and of the theaters; H.
I). Soule of the Hotel Men's Association;
S. L. Rosenthal, the shoe-dealer; Hugh
Craic of the Chamber of Commerce; J. P.
Edoff, president of the Liquor-dealers'
Association, and R. H. Warheld, tempo
rary chairman of the meeting, and Henry
J. Fisher, temporary secretary.
The meeting was called to order by E. J.
Baldwin.
David J. Rich, representing the State
DeveloDinent Committee, suggested a
week's revelry in September, that being a
month of good weather iml one that would
not conflict with the numerous flower car
nivals elsewhere in the State. He thought
there could be as features of the event a
day on the bay, a Government military
review participated in by all the neighbor
ing barracks, a Native Sons of the Golden
West celebration, and a congregation of
country editors and preachers from all
over the State.
J. A. Filcher of the State Board of Trade
said that any such public spirited project
would meet with the hearty co-operation
of his organization, as it was rignt in its
line.
A. C. Boldermann, secretary of the Com
mercial Traveler's Association, knew that
his association would take an active inter
est in the scheme, as it had in La Fiesta at
Los Angeles.
Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, thought
that the Native Sons would be rignt in
with tne idea, provided only that the date
of the fete will not conflict with their an
nual celebration on the 9th of September.
S. H. Taoy, manager of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers^ Association, said he
favored September, as the association pur
poses to give a great exposition of home
products in November in conjunction with
the Mechanics' Institute. He knew that
the association which he reppresented
would co-operate heartily in giving finan
cial support to the proposed enterprise.
R. H. Warfield, proprietor of the Cali
fornia Hotel, and a member of the Hotel
men's Association, declared that all the
hotelmen are favorable to the establish
ment of an annual carnival season. "'And,"
he added. "I know all those 400 odd East
ern hotelmen that were so royally en
tertained here can be counted upon to
help us in many ways. If the carnival
were held a little later than the 9th of
September perhaps the Native Sons of the
Golden West could return from their cele
bration at StocKton and be with us."
S. H. Rosenthal: "I will do and pay my
share toward making tne thing a success.'
Upon motion by David Rich, seconded
by Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, a temporary or
ganization was effected and temporary
oflicers elected to take charge of the meet
ings preliminary to the formation of the
permanent organization that it is thought
will result from the larger meeting to be
held next Monday night.
A bill has been introduced in the New
York Legislature providing for the brew
ing of pure b.'er in that State and impos
ing heavy penalties for its violation.
NEW TO-DAT.
C. B. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming;,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4ol seventeenth Street Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 6s9 Market
Street. Boom 12. Telephone Main 5780.
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OF
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE-307 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
N. CLARK & SONS,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN "
fi»33\^7"3E3n. PIPE.
Tel. Main 771. Office— l 7 and 19 Spear St.
FIRE PROOFING %SB?'ffiMdEMaea
ROMAN BRICK G^°\^^ J^% B c r Q -
ENSIGN & McQUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
DAD BUILDING
r ' ff Pi PAPER. . .
BOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
°™ J a A8 *» halt » Roofing and Paving
Pitch, Roof Paints, Roofing Felt.
the e stin P dL al "V Jr »™» Roofs •■ put on by us are
mo,? nr, " rJ r ,°° U for outness buildings In the
m,^ ro «essive cities of the Eastern states. The
I quality of our work Is unexcelled anywhere. :■■* "
■ NEW TO-PAY.
OITY
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Bills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTABD 12 J. W. MCDONALD, Pre«
CBSTON X £ W. E. DKNKISOir, Seo.
T. B. BISHOP j.g COL. J. H. MEXDELL.
W. MCDONALD I £ Corps of Knstineers, L.&A.
W. E.DENXISOXJp (Retired),
CONSCI/TINO EKOIWKItB.
PROPRIETORS . - CONTRACTORS
Santa Crus, Cal., • All ' Kinds of Street
and • Work, Bridges and
Kin* City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
bihimei dimes. Wharvrs, Jetties and
1)1 11 ill L.I Mlfllhj. Sea Walla.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title is a bad Investment. A
policy of insurance in the \ ..;, ,
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AM TRUST COMPANY—
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser against all lost
-. ..\J : ; and damages incident to record defect*. - :
The Company has a paid up cash capital of
$250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $29,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MONET LOANED on real estate at oar
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plasf
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE-MILLS BUILDING-
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, J. S. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. Bassett .President
J. H. Swift Vice-President
I". C. Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC PAYING COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
. Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo Bitu-
minous Rock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE— Rooms 106 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
. Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS,
Telephone West 14. ■■ -
ALSEN'S
PORTLAND CEMENT.
Strongest, Finest Ground and Most Uniform
Cement made in the world. Largest Works and
Greatest Production. ' . "'";•
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Agts.,
327-329 Market St., S. F.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. rA\ T TI? IfTAPQ
Telephone, Main 1202. VVil 1 11 A V 1 Vll\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sts.
Telephone. West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
SHINGLE STAIN.
. Dexter Bros.' English Shingle Stains have proved
a very superior article for general use, not only for
 preserving and beautifying shingles, but for all
outside work. This stain in a real preservative and
will not fade or grow dingy, but, on the contrary,
I increases in brightness with age. it does cat
i scale, blister or peel off.
SMITH & YOUNG, Agents,
j 723 Market Street.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE *<y.
OMPANY. !*2? #
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 California" ST. room 9.
ALVA B. CLTJTE, C. a HAR.VEY,
President. Vlee-X'res. and Manager.
Union Paving and Contracting Co.,
303 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR,
Telephone "West 533. 816 Hatght St
: . —
R. FLAHERTY,
ASPHALTUM-WORKER
Pure Crude Asphaltum For Sale.
35 POST STREET.
FLINN & TREACV.
ART -- STONE -- SIDEWALKS - AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
3O 1 a£OI?TTCrO:Mr.B3R/y ST. *
Sign Painting Taught.
415 Market St.
EVENING CLASSES.
For Particulars call or address M.
NICHOLSON.
DAD COMPOSITION AND
LlU.' GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous raving
Sidewalks. Driveways, Cellars, Ktc.
Y,M*i S i I ? SOME STREET. COO3I 3.
Yard— a \V. corner Harrison and Eighth Streets.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SffIrswi*IIUJLgBKSSSS
Branch Office, NW. cor. McAllister Larkln.
,l ::: - r k 535 , CALIFORNIA STREET
1 Telephone 193., san FranceCLUNIE WANTS
SIEBE'S SCALP
Proceedings for Removal
Brought Before Judge
Wallace. *
THE RAILROAD TAXES.
An Action Similar in Effect to
the One in the Supreme
Court.
SUING FOR FORTY THOUSAND.
Judge Troutt Eas Declared One of
the Tax Laws Unconsti
tutional.
Assessor Seibe's name was before the
courts twice yesterday— once before Judge
Wallace as the object of an accusation by
A. J. Clunie and again in Judge Troutt's
court as defendant in a suit on uncollected
taxes.
Clunie's accusation was made in per
suance of the inference he drew from the
remarks of the Supreme Court when his
petition for a writ of mandate compelling
the Assessor to reassess the Market-street
Railway Company's property came before
that body. It was intimated then that
the court considered the Assessor and the
Board of Equalization the supreme au
thority in that matter, and so without
waiting for a decision Clunie has filed his
accusation against Siebe.
The accusation was first made to Judge
Slack, who assigned the case to Judge
Wallace. Upon a hearing he set the mat
ter for May 20.
The accusation is as follows:
Now comes Andrew J. Clunie and files the
following accusation in writing against John
I>. jiebe, Assessor of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, and in that
behalf alleges:
That at all times herein mentioned the City
and County of San Francisco has been and now
is, h municipal corporation, organized and ex
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California.
That at all the times herein mentioned said
Andrew J. Clunie has been and now is a citl
xen and elector of the State of California and
of the City and County of San Francisco.
That at an election regularly culled and held
in the City and County of San Francisco on
the 6th day of November. A. D. 1894, for the
election of officers of said City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, John D
Siebe was elected Assessor of the City anil
County or San Francisco for the term of four
years from and after the first Monday after the
first day of January, 1895, and that "thereafter
the said John D. Siebe was duly qualified as
euch Assessor, and ever since the first Monday
after the Ist of January, A. D. 1895, has been,
and now is. the July "elected, qualified and
acting Assessor of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
That at all times herein mentioned, the
Market-street Railway Company has been, and
now is, a corporation orKanized and existing
under and by virtue of the laws of the State of
California, ar.d having its principal place of
business at the City and County of San Fran
.ciwo, State of California.
That on, at and prior to 12 o'clock meridian
of the first Monday in March, 1895, said Mar
ket-street Railway Company was and ever
since has been and now is the owner of real
and personal property subject to taxation
under the laws of the State of California, and
situated within vhe City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and subject to !
assessment and taxation within the said City
and County of San Francisco, and that at all
of said times the full cash value of said prop
erty has been and now is not less than $17 -
500,000, and that at all said times said prop
erty would have been taken in payment of a
j u.->t debt from said Market-street Railway Com
pany for said amount.
That for the purpose and with the design of
enabling said Market-street Railway Company
to evade taxation for the fiscal year commenc
ing July 1, 1895, upon the full cash value of
said property, said John I). Siebe, as such As
sessor of the City and County of San Francisco,
wilfully and knowingly failed and neglected
to, and did not assess the eaid property of said
Market-street Railway Company lor the pur
pose of taxation for said fiscal year, at its full
cash value, but with the said object and pur
pose then and there assessed the same at the
value of but #3.883,866, and that no other
further or additional assessment of said prop
eriv for said fiscal year was made.
That the rate of taxation for State and City
and County purposes for said fiscal year was
92 25 upon each $100 of the assessed valu
ation of the property of said City and County
ai San Francisco.
Wherefore it is prayed that caid John I>.
Siebe, as such Assessor of the City and County
of San Francisco, be cited by this court to ap
pear before it at a time and place to be fixed
by it, and that thereupon such proceedings oe
had and taken as required by section 77'J
Penal Code of the State of California.
Andrew J. Clime, Accuser.
The section of the Penal Code referred
to is :
When an accusation !n writing, verified by
the oath of any person, is presented to the
Superior Court, alleging that any officer within
the jurisdiction of the court has been guilty of
charging or collecting illegal fees for services
rendered or to bo rendered in his office, or has
refused or neglected to perform the official
duties pertaining to hi* office, the court must
cite the party charged to appear before the
court at a time not more than ten nor less than
five days from the time the accusation was
presented, and on that day, or some other sub
sequent day, not more than twenty days from
that on which the accusation was presented,
mut-t proceed to hear in a eummary manner
the accusation and evidence in support of the
same and the answer and evidence offered by
the party accused, and if. on snch hearlng.it
appears that the charge is sustained the court
must enter a decree that the party accused be
deprived of his office and must enter a judg
ment of $000 in favor of the informer and
such costs as are allowed in civil cases.
The case in Judge Troutt's court is all
in Siebe's favor. By one of the amend
ments of 1895 it become? necessary for the
District Attorney to sue the Assessor and
his bondsmen for any neglect to collect
due and collectable personal property
taxes unsecured by real estate. The Aud
itor must go over the Assessor's books
after August 15 of each year, and if he
finds a shortage ho must demand the
amount from the Assessor. Should this
not be paid in fifteen days the Auditor
must notify the District Attorney, who
must bring suit against the Assessor and
his bondsmen for the amount of tbe
shortage.
It is further provided that in this suit
no defense but that the tax is illegal, void
or invalid shall be admitted.
All this had been gone through with.
The Auditor found ?40,830 13 in taxes un
collected and this was demanded from the
Assessor, it was not paid and a suit was
brought. The trial came up yesterday
and lasted about two hours. The decision
was given for Siebe and Judge Troutt, in
deciding, said he believed the law uncon
stitutional.
Mr. Barnes proved the |40,830 taxes due
and ifncollected. Then Mr. Herzcr, Mr.
Siebe's chief deputy, was called to the
ttand In defense. He testified to the difli
culties of collecting the taxes Included,
showed that none of it was due on the ves
sels which bad sailed when the tax hud
become due; some was on household prop
erty which had been moved to parts un
known and there were many other reasons
equally as good tor tbe deficit.
Mr. "Barnes demurred to the defense as
one not contemplated by the statute, but
Judge Troutt ruled that the law was un
constitutional, as it sought to deprive a
man of his right to any defense he pleased
— a right given to him by the constitution.
He overruled the demurrer allowed the
defense and gave judgment for the de
fendant.
A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
Two Girls Escape From the Training
Home on Bill Street.
Detectives and officers of the Society for
the Suppression of Vice are searching high
and low for two young girls who made
their escape on Saturday night from the
Girls' Training Home, at 26 Hill street.
The cirls are Lucy Innian, 18 years of
age, and Maggie Smith, 15 years of age.
Both are natives of Woodland, whore their
parents, who are well-to-do people, reside.
They left their homes last winter and
came to this City. Officers came in search
of them, but had to return without find
ing them.
The Inman girl was found at 309 Grant
avenue and was threatened with arrest
unless she returned home. She consented
and took the train to Woodland, but left it
at the Sixteenth-street station. Oakland,
and returned to the City.
Both girls were arrested last week and
sent to the Girls' Training Home. They
did not take kindly to the rigorous rules
ol the institution" and Saturday night
about 8 o'clock they succeeded in eluding
the vigilance of the matron and escaped
into the rear yard, without their hats or
shoes. They had to climb a board fence
eight feet high, and how they managed to
do so is a wonder.
As soon as their flight was discovered, a
few minutes later, the police in the vicin
ity were furnished with a description of
them, and every effort has been made
since then to recapture them, without suc
cess. They have succeeded in completely
covering their tracks.
It was reported at police headquarters
yesterday morning that the Inman girl
ha«l been at 309 Grant avenue Sunday
night, out when Detective Anthony went
there she had fled. Her father has been
telegraphed to for instructions, and if he
consents to a charge of vagrancy being
made against her when arrested she will
be sent up for six months.
The Smith girl has addressed a note to
the Society for the Suppression of Vice,
in which the says: "Can't you leave a
girl who is hurting nobody but herself
alone? I don't want to go home, and if
I'm arrested a thousand times I won't
change my conduct."
WHAT HOWISON TEACHES
The Berkeley Professor Tells
Presbyterians He Is
Orthodox.
Professor John Watson and Faith.
Congregational Club Elects
Officers.
There was a large audience at the Pres
byterian Ministerial Union yesterday
morning to hear Professor John Watson s
lecture. Although the professor of moral
philosophy from Queen's College, Kings
ton, Ont., has been addressing the stu
dents of Berkeley for some time, yester
day's was his first lecture given before a
ministerial association of this City.
Professor Watson discussed the theories
of Kant and his English critics, touching
also on the views held by Comte, Mill and
Spencer. Faith and reason were the
themes upon which he dwelt at length,
contrasting St. Anselcuo's motto: "I be
lieve in order to understand," with
Abelard's teaching, "You must under
stand in order to believe." The speaker
gave as his opinion that the modern idea
of faith is a distortion of the original idea
of it held by early Christians. "It was
originally light and intellectual love, but
it has come to be an acceptation of doz
mas. from which the life has gone out,"
the deductions arrived at in the profes
sor's address being that faith is the highest
form of reason, an i that idealistic philoso
phy should be taught by the churches.
Professor Howison of the University of
California was invited to address the
meeting and responded that he was clad
to have an opportunity of speaking before
representative Presbyterians. "Your
paper, the Occident." "he said, "devoted
two pages of offensive and sensational mat
ter to asKing and awswering the question:
Ie Berkeley orthodox? I have never an
swered that article, but I reply now that
as far as intellectual beliefs go 1 am pro
foundly devoted to Christianity.
"It is said In tne Scriptures *no man
has seen God at any time,' and it ought to
be added, 'he never will.' for he who is not
prepared to take his religious life on lines
which the senses cannot reach, is not truly
religious. This is the sort of talk that tue
young men of Berkeley hear from me. I
1 aye been seeking an opportunity to say
it to you."
Professor Howison concluded his re
marks by giving various definitions of
f ai tli, which in the main agreed with those
already laid down by Professor Watson,
and by sayine that be looked to see many
doctrines which have been accepted by
Christian?, but which are not Christian,
dropped by the churches before iong.
Key. Dr. Mackenzie said at the conclusion
of the address that he should like to hear
further from the Berkeley professor and
know whether he believed sin to be a fac
tor in human personality and forgiveness
a factor in divine personality. Professor
Howison replied immediately in the
affirmative to both questions.
Congregational Club.
The Congregational Monday Club occu
pied its time yesterday in considering va
rious changes in its way of conducting the
meetings, with a view to arousing more
interest among the members in the meet
ings. It was resolved that henceforth the
body should meet in the morning, for the
convenience of its Berkeley members.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing six months: Chairman, Rev.
George Hatch; secretary, Rev. li. Orr; ex
ecutive committee— Rev. E. Lyman Hooil
Rev. M. Willett, Professor C. 8. Nash;
nominatitig.committee— Rev. W. C. Pond,
Rev. T. Cruzan, Rev. E. R. Galloway.
WANTS AN INSPECTOR.
The Woman's Federation Says Truant
Children Should Be Looked
After.
The members of the Federation o*
Women became quite enthusiastic at the
regular monthly meeting yesterday after
noon over the need for a truant inspector
to compel children to attend the public
schools in this City.
Mrs. North stated that a large number
of the children in this City do not attend
school. "Why is not the compulsory edu
cation that we are supposed to have ear
ned oat?" naked this lady. "I suggest
that we wait on Superintendent Babcock
and present to him the fact that numbers
of children are wandering the streets and
getting into mischief, instead of attending
school. The following committee wae
appointed to urge the appointment of a
truant inspector: Mrs. Dr. Jones. Mrs.
Bates, Misb Emery, Mrs. llichards and
Mrs. Mckevitt.
Other Bubiects discussed yesterday were
the non-enforcement of the ordinance
which enacts that ash-wagons shall be
covered, and the dumping of women into
the patrol wagon along with drunken men
and Chinamen.
Arbor day has been celebrated in Ne
braska by the planting of over 1,000.000
trees between sunrise and sunset. Pre
miums for the largest plantings were
offered by societies and individuals, and
the result will be a memorable event in
tbe history of the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
STATE REBEKAH MEETING
Annual Assembly of the Ladies'
Branch of the California
Odd Fellows.
OKPHANS 1 HOME AT OILROY.
What Will Be Done Daring the
Session to B? Held in Memorial
Hall This Week.
The Rebekahs, the ladies' branch of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, will
meet in Memorial Hall, I. 0. 0. F. build
ing, this morning at 10 o'clock. In the
forenoon there will be a business meeting,
and also in the afternoon. In the evening
Fair Oaks Lodge of Alameda will give an
MISS FANNIE BENJAMIN
Grand President.
exemplification of the initiatory work,
after which there will be a reception to all
Odd Fellows and the members of their
families. There will be presented a 3hort
literary programme, and a dance will fol
low. Wednesday will be devoted to busi
ness, and on Thursday the grand officers
will be elected, and immediately after the
election, Antoinette Shaw, district deputy
grand master of district No. 6, will eive ah
exemplification of the installation cere
mony, and in the evening there will be a
performance in the Columbia Theater for
tne benefit of the orphans' home, which
it is proposed to establish in the near fu
ture.
The Rebekahs have 208 lodges, with a
membership of 15,043. There has been an
increase of eleven lodges during the yoar.
During the session the constitution will
come up for revision, and the proposition
to locate the orphans' home at Gilroy will
be discussed.
The following are the grand officers of
the present assembly:
Miss Fannie Benjamin, president, Los An
geles.
Mrs. Marion Greenwood, vice-president,
Stockton.
Mrs. Mary E. Donobo. secretary, Vacaville.
Mrs. Anna M. Liege, treasurer, East Oakland.
Mm. Sallif Wolf, marshal. Sacramento.
Mrs. Iva Raker, conductor, Altura*.
Mrs. Minerva Karsner, chaplain, Orovllle.
Mrs. l>ell C. suvggi*, iuside guardian, Liver
more.
Mr?. P. G. Ash ton, outside guardian, San
Diego.
The delegates to the assembly are:
California Lodge No. I— Hannah Newman.
Naomi Lodge No. 2— Mary E. Burkhalter.
Mil viiie Lodge No. 3— Frames Snow.
Fair Oaks Lodge No. 4— Mary A. Randlett.
AlJer Glen Lodge No. s— Julia Ch.-nowetu.
Deborah Lodge No. 7— Sadie K. Allgaier.
Rising Star Lodge No. B— Carrie Aiken. Kiln
Boyd, Lizzie Dillman, Georgia Guthrie, Annie
Snerburn.
Esther Lodge No. 9 — Laura Freeman, Mattie
Mason, Nellie Michell, Jane Perkins, Louelia
Whl ling.
White Rose Lodge No. 10— Mary E. Hollo-
way.
AbsK Invidia Lodge No. 11— Etta Wixoc,
Emma Freeman.
Brooklyn Lodge No. 12— Mabel Lynn, Alice
Dallas, Louisa Holmes.
Elmwood Lodge No. 13— Helen L. Hancock.
Josephine Lodge No. 14 — Sadie Kershner,
Emma Doble, Muttie R. Murgorteu, Minnie
Austin.
Myrtle Lodge No. 15— Amelia Peabody.
Oakland Lodge No. 16— Gusta Tichner, Mary
L. liimmick.
Isabella Lodge No. 17— Mary Besse, Annie
Bradley, Amelia Knapp, 6usie J. Harris, Cath
erine Pi-terson, Cornelia Reid.
Cherokee Lodge No. 18— Maggie Slinsman.
Templur Lodge No. 19— Maggie Hovey, Lizzie
Berry, Mfttttfl Russell, Ada M. Patu-rson, May
Newman.
Florin Lodge No. 20 — Rhoda Lambert.
Evergreen Lodge No. 21— Mary Meyers.
Stella Lodge No. 22— Minnie Phelps, Ardella
Bates, Nellie Collins, Lizzie L. Coombs, Minnie
Watrous.
Ivy Lodge No. 23— Nellie Bush, Emma E.
Shaw.
Unity Lodge No. 24— Eleanor Eiper, Edith
Giles.
Juliet Lodge No. 25— Mary P. Wood in.
Haywnrd Lodge No. 20— Sadie Crooks, Alice
Melniuger.
Fidelity Lodge No. 29— Melissa Woolery, Mary
Shuman, Alta Orr.
Leon a Lodge No. 30— Etta Albright, Marie
Gogan.
Uerniania Lodge No. 31— Elizabeth Kromer,
Louisa Kromer.
Golden West Lodge No. 32— Mary E. Mutton.
Hope Lodge No. 33— G. A. Nixon, Almeda
Swan, M. L. Schofield.
Clara Lodge No. 34— Hattle Swope, WilletU
Worthington.
Evening Star Lodge No. 35— Chariot ta Gibson.
Oleta ivodge No. 36— Minnie Schroeder.
Helena Lodge No. 37— Carrie A. Kingslev,
Mary C. Lang, BellcHammans, Ida M. Finch.
Triple Link Lodge No. 38— Birdie Gibson.
Western Btar Lodge No. 39 — Carrie O.
Thomaa.
Oro Lodge No. 40— Nellie Carlock, O. L. Bills.
Lebanon Lodge No. 41— Freda Lambert, An
nie J. Smith, Sarah Robliu, Lillian Confer,
Mlnelia Woodbridge, Mary Thorndylte.
Violet Lodge No. 42— Clara Lawrence, Grace
Edwards.
Clear Lake Lodge No. 43— Laura Miles.
Sebaatopol Lodge No. 44— Adella Piewi.
Pride of the Plains Lodge No. 45— Miriam
Heard.
Crystal Lodge No. 46 — Emma Ostrtnder,
Delia Davissen.
Kern Lodge No. 47— Mary Mattson.
Olive Branch Lodge No. 48— Minnie Stelter.
HermiiniaLrKig* No. 49~Lucy Taylor.
Jackson Lodge No. 50— Emma Taylor.
Athens Lodge No. 51— Edith Edwards.
Silver Cloud Lodge No. 57— John N. Phillips.
Ueulali Lodge No. 00— Ella O'Connor, Emma
gtilson.
Novara Lodge No. Gl— Mary A. Maxfield.
Paradise Lodge No. 62— Annie Bolton, Kate
King, Annie Osborn, Jeunio Sanborn, Jane
Ch aimers.
Excelsior Lodge No. 63— Mary W. Brown.
Georgetown Lodgo No. 64— Sallie B. Arm
strong.
Plymouth Lodge No. 65~Annie Doman.
James L. Ridgely Lodge No. 66— Caroline
Cook, Lou Todd.
Golden Rule Lodge No. 68— Olatapa V. Hude
pobl.
Hesperian Lodge No. 70— Florence 8. Blank,
Jessie Deily.
Minerva Lodge No. 72— Emily Gould.
Oak Leaf Lodge No. 74— Fannie Bonner, Fan
nie Gamble, Mary E. Sax ton, Eva Bimpson.
Cyprees Lodge No. 75— Jennie D. Rich.
Moss Rofce Lodge No. 76— Alice Wetmore.
Colfax Lodge No. 77— Nona Wollerson.
Morning Star Lodge No. 79— Blanche Cun
ningham.
Vacaville Lodge No. 80— Lizzie Garlicbs.
Rbonerville Lodge No. 81— Melissa Dunui
gan, Martha Simmons.
My otic Jewel Lodge No. 82— Amelia Way
man.
Arbor Vitse Lodge No. 83— Annie Liddell.
Orange Grove Lodge No. 84— Hattie Will,
Julia Bartels.
R«lta Lodge No. 85— Ella E. Southworth.
Silver Spray Lodge No. 86— Anna Farreli.
Golden Sierra Lodge No. 87— Ruth Tbomu.
<a!averas Lodge No. 88— Mary F. Peek.
Live Oak Lodge No. B'.)— Emma Norton.
Oriental Lodge No. 90— Minnie E. Weirhart,
Sophia 11. Hutton.
Bloom field Lodge No. 91— Frances Kertsing.
Vesper Lodge No. 93— Sarah F. Marks.
MiiKnolia Lodjre No. 94— Alice Atwood.
Gem of the Valley Lodge No. 95— Mary E.
Ludwig.
Delta Lodge No. 96— Sara Frantz.
Rainbow Lodge No. 97— Susie Sanderson, Net
tie Conklin.
Hydesvillo Lodge No. 98— Sarah C. Barber.
Verdant Lodge No. 99 -Fannie A. Cheney.
Centennial Lodge No. 100— Sarah Simpson.
Social Lodge No. 101— Esther Conn.
Miipah Lodge No. 102— C. Cecil.
Teutonla Lodge No. 105— Albertina Balbach.
Seaside Lodge No. 106— Vinnie Blckford.
Alameda l/>dge No. 107— Cerlina Rathblnm.
Sylvan Ixidge No. 108— Althera L. Joslyn,
Mary I). Clayton.
Sunset Lodge No. 109— Myrtle Pentingill,
Marie Larc.
Golden State Lodge No. 110— Cora P. Perley
Annn Sorensen. '
Laay of the Lake Lodge No. Ill— Martha E.
Dewey.
Golden Star Lodge No. 112— Llna Petersen.
Eugenia Lodge No. 113— Mary Clifton.
Silver Star Lodge No. 114— Phlnnie Bine.
Ferndale Lodge No. 115— Mabel Chapman.
Azalea Lodge No. 117— Alice Pullet)
Enterprise Lodge No. 118— Tillle Heltreg.
Neva Lodge No. 119— Antha Locklin, Annie
Jones, Alice Jennings. Adaline Hothersall.
Empress Lodge No. 122— W. S. Seeley.
Danville Lodge No. 123— Mary McGuire
Lillie Coats.
Sequoia Lodge No. 124— Josie Steele.
Queen of the Lake Lodge No. 125— Louise
Barnert.
Picas&nt Grove Lodge No. 126— Ida M
Chandler, Alice L. Darwin.
E arjJl Lodge No. 127— Cynthia Prather.
MRS. MARY E. DONOIIO.
Grand Secretary.
Eureka Lodge No. 128— Gertie A. Marks
Margaret K. Kyiler, Sarah J. Tuppen
Citrus Lodge No. 129— Minnie Burdlck Al
mary Shuler.
Walhalla Lodge No. 130— Dora Van Orsen,
Dora Schumann, Joh;inna yon Gristefeld.
Martha Washington Lodge No. 131— Eva
Strickland, l.vii l'arrish.
Rei Lodge No. 132— Liizie Noble.
Miunehaha Lodge No. 133— Mary E. Morse
Oro Fiuo Lodge No. 134— Hannah Kenike
Mountain Queen Lodge No. 135— Ida M.
Spencer.
Elk Grove Lodge No. 136-Mary Graham,
Eliza Putney.
Anna Lodge No. 137— Ada Madison.
Mount Shasta Lodge No. 133— Julia Bell
Lirzie I.itch.
.Sycamore Lodge No. 140-Mattie Power*,
Fannie Gotpper.
Silver Gate No. 141— Hannah Smith.
Alvarado Lodge No. 142— Mary Vandepeer.
Arroyo Grande Lodge N0.144-Lillie English.
Forest Lodge Ni>. 147— Sarah Marvin
Camel Lodjge N<>. 150— W. a. Hodgkins.
Coueordia Lodge No. 152— Flora liauer.
Livvrmori- Lodge No. 154— Anna Schmidt.
Emma B. Cnff'nian.
Bouahine Lodge No. 155-Louis* J. Smith
Ramona Lodge No. 15ti— Josie Shields, Mary
Bentz. *
Diamond Lodge .No. 157— Mary E. Dnffield.
Fresno Lodge No. 158— Abbie Drew, Eliza
beth KaUer.
• a|.ital City Lodge No. ICO— Frankie Carlow,
Eliza Johnson, Inez Hood.
Amity Lodge No. 161— Antoinette Bhaw,
Hatf.e Duley, Floy Urquhart. Julia Gibbs.
Flora Lodge No. 102— Annie Vickerson.
Emuia Treniiuay.
Willows Lo.l^'t' No. 103— Lizzie O'Brien.
Center Liu* Lodge No. 105— Frances Me-
Intosh.
Fedora Lodge No. 160— Hattie Miller.
Aureola Lodge No. I(s7— Sarah J. Knight.
Sodality Lodge No. 170— Emily Bone.
Durban Lodge No. 171— G. H. Bolt.
Samaria Lodge No. 173— Clara Ludwig.
Mystery Lodge No. 175— Anna Bruschs.
. . »r r *>' v ii. J f d «e No. 176-Oieva Clark, Net
tie M. i»addle(ord. '
May Queen Lodge No. 177-Viola Bradford.
Chrysanthemum Lodge No. 178 — Ruth
Hurseh.
Emerald Lodge No. 179— Ellen Derniug.
Pearl Lodge No. 131— Jennie Lanouette. .
i heliotrope Lodge No. 183-Dillo M. Bailey,
Lad* Mars nail. "
Flower City Lodge "No. 184— Mary C. Benter.
Blue Mountain Lodge No. 187— Margaretta
Dixon. °
Florence Lodge No. 183— Li Hie Stout
Janesville l.odce No. 190— Martha Hicks
Orland Lodge No. 191— Hanna J. Mecum.
Alta Lodge No. 192— Annie Ferdinandsen.
Aqua Pura Lodge No. Lillian F. Stivers
Ida B. Cash.
Columbia Lodge No. 194— Margaret E. Pat
ton, Cornelia Church, Emma llerzog, Anna
Howe.
Cnyucos Lodge No. 196— Ethel M. Slocombe
Independence Lodge No. 197 — Josephine
Williams.
Pleasauton Lodge No. 198— Bertha Cope
Silver Wave Lodge No. 199— Wilson. '
Golden Rod Lodge No. 200— Maria Blair.
Sanger Lodge No. 201— Josephine E. Rose.
| [Columbian Lodge No. 202— Robert O. Neal.
El Modello Lodge No. 203— E. Oster
hout.
Arbutus Lodge No. 204— Eunice Horton.
Cornelia Ix^ge No. 205— Cornelia H. White
Helen M. Carpenter.
Santa Rita Lodge No. 206— Ada J. Bither.
Clover Leaf Lode* No. 207— Agnes Reiley.
' Northern Lodge No. 208— Iva S. Raker
Fall River No. 209— Mary Brown.
Friendship Lodge No. 211— Thursev Barrett
Woodwardia Lodge No. 212— W. F. Graham'
Ysabel Lodge No. 213— Lou V. Hughs.
A CHINESE FOOTPAD.
Ah Doo Arrested for Holding Up Dan-
iel Freeman, a Colored
Han.
A Chinese footpad was arrested early
yesterday morning by Policeman McGee
and booked at the City Prison on the
charge of robbery.
About 4 o'clock Daniel Freeman, a col
ored man, was walking along Pacific street
when he was accosted by a Chinese. Free
man is not conversant with the Chinese
language and did not comprehend what
was said to him. He recommenced his
walk when he was brought to an abrupt
halt by the muzzle of a revolver in close
proximity to his heart. Then, in broken
English, the Chinese told him to hold up
his hands. Freeman promptly obeyed and
the Chinese deftly went through his poc
kets, securing f3.
As soon as the robber loft him Freeman
went in search of a policeman and met
McGee, to whom he detailed his exper
ience. McGee, a few minutes later, ar
rested Ah Doo, a highbinder, and took
him to the California-street police station.
Later he was removed to the City Prison.
Freeman called at the City Prison yes
terday morning and identified Ah Doo as
the man who held him up and he was at
once booked on the charge.
A Testimonial Concert.
A testimonial concert will be tendered to
Bernard Mollenhauer to-morrow by several
patronesses and the members of the San Fran
cisco Symphony orchestra. Mr. Mollenhauer
has labored faithfully for the musical interests
of the City and this concert is given htm as a
proof of the regard and esteem in which he is
lieM by those with whom he has been as.soci
ated professionally and socially. Miss Carrie
Bowes will play the "Hungarian Fantaeie," by
Liszt, with lull orchestral accompaniment and
8. Hom«r Henley, the popular barytone
will siuK.
» ■» — *- _
One Hundred Girls Consecrated.
One hundred girls, who received the sacra
ment of first communion on the 23d of last
April, were received into the Sodalty of Holy
Angels in St. Joseph's Church, Tenth and
Howard streets, last night immediately after
vespers. Rev. Father Koran officiated on the
occasion and, at the conclusion of the cere
mony, addressed the children and exorted
them in vefy touching words to be true to the
rules of the eodalitv.
MENACED BY
CONVICT LABOR
Local Manufacturers May
Be Driven Out of
Business.
THE CONTRACT SYSTFM.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
Receives Important Infor
mation.
PRISON VS. FREE WORKMEN.
Thousands of Men Hired to Contractors
Who Flood the Country With
Cheap Goods.
The effort of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association and State Labor
Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald to devise
ways and means of ending the unfair com
petition of Eastern prisons with local
manufacturers is likely to be productive
of good results. The same fight is going
on In the East between free and convict
laborers, and the united movement of the
manufacturers all over the United States
will probably bear fruit in Congress.
There is now before that body what is
known as the Southwick convict labor
bill, which prohibits the sale in one State
of the goods made by convicts in another
State. New Jersey has instructed its rep
resentatives in Congresss to fight for the
bill and resolutions of a similar order
were recently sent to the Pacific Coast
delegation from the Manufacturers' Asso
ciation. Several other States whose
manufacturers are being injured by this
unfair competition have taken the same
stand.
That California has long been a dump
ing ground for goods made by convicts in
Eastern prisons has been known, but
the alarming extent of this trade was not
understood until Warden Hale of the San
Quentin prison went to the wardens' con
vention last year, where the lubject was
fully discussed.
Toe great disadvantage lies in the fact
that the convict-made goeds are sent to
this State in such a manner that they
cannot be distinguished from free-labor
articles, and no department of manufac
ture escapes. Efforts have been made to
have some distinguishing mark or brand
put on convict goods, and a few months
ago Commissioner Fitzgerald sent to the
National Manufacturers' Convention in
Chica&o a resolution which contained the
following:
Whereas, The said convict-made goods nre
sold in open competition with free-made goods
without brand or other distinguishing mark of
identification, therefore be it
Re*olvrd, That the Legislature of every State
be and In hereby respectfully requested to enact
the necessary measures to compel the proper
branding of such prison-made articles, and
that each political party be respectfully
requested to pledge its* legislative candidates
to support this said measure.
He did not stop there, but with a view
of learning the extent to which Eastern
convict-made goods enter into competition
with free labor, and what proportion of
the same is sent to California, he sent let
ters of inquiry to Labor Commissioners in
the East and Eastern State prison offi
cials.
The answers are beginning to arrive and
they show the situation uore alarming
and menacing to local manufacturers than
was before supposed. In a number of the
States gangs of convicts are let out to
manufacturers of all kinds of goods on
contracts. The articles they make are put
in with the free labor goods, and under
the name of the firm's brand are sent ail
over the country, not a ismall quantity
finding its way to this Stale.
Labor Commissioner L. G. Powers of
Minnesota states that in that State there
are four penal institutions where commer
cial articles are made. In the Stillwater
prison binding twine ana boots and shoes
are made under the contract system.
About $125,000 worth of twine is made
annually and sold principally in the two
Dakotas. The output of boots and shoes
from the same prison amounts to about
$170,000, and some two hundred convicts
are employed in this work. This footwear
product of contract-convict labor, it is^aid,
is sold through the contractors, the Union
Shoe and Leather Company of, St. Paul.
Mr. Powers says that this same firm ha? a
similar contractor two with the penal in
stitutions of Indiana. The output from
the latter State is handled through
Chicago. The writer says that there is no
way ol identifying these eoods by mark or
label.
Another important letter received by
Commissioner Fitzgerald was from Com
missioner W. E. O'Bleness of Dcs Moines,
lowa, llf says that manufacturing is done
in the Fort Madison penitentiary. Mr.
O" Bleness writes:
The State of lowa has a contract with three
manufacturing institutions who pay the State
48 cents per day per man, they furnishing the
raw material, the State furnishing the tools to
perform the labor with and the men. The
laws of the State do not require these manu
facturing institutions to mute any returns as
to the amount of goods manufactured or to the
place or penons sold.
The institutions having these men under
contract are Huiskamp Bros., manufacturers
of shoes, Keokuk, Iowa; the lowa Farming
Tool Company of Fort Madison, lowa, and the
Fort Madison Chain Company of Fort Madi
son, lowa.
They have no m»ans of identification— are
not branded in any way. They are simply
taken to their different factories and sold with
other goods manufactured outside of the
prison and we have no means of knowing
when we buy their product whether it is
manufactured in the prison or iv the factories
outside of the prison. • • *
Mr. O'Bleness says that the labor or
ganizations have fought the convict con
tract system, but have only succeeded in
preventing it from growing.
According to the answer from Labor
Commissioner Charles H. Morse of Michi
fan the Legislature and Governor of that
cate believe in makinir its peniten
tiaries self-supporting even if competition
between free and convict labor is neces
sary. There are four penitentiaries in that
State where manufacturing is carried on.
Mr. Morse says:
* • • As to the names of the parties to
whom'the articles are sold^t would dp impossi
ble to give them. One person manufactures a
certain lines of furniture and I bsl'eve has
more than 1000 purchasers, and tney have not
oven the names of one-tenth of them. • • •
Our prison-mode goods are not branded or
marked in any way whatever. • • •
James L. Pace, warden of the State
prison of Missouri, writes to the Califor
nia Commissioner under the date of May 7
as follows:
We have only one. penitentiary in this State,
and have nearly 2300 convicts confined
therein. About one-third of them are worked
by contractors at so much per man per day in
different lines of manufacture. We have no
supervision over thos* who are worked by con
tractors, only to furnish guards Hnd maintain
them. Hence lam unabie to give you any in
formation as to the amount ol their products,
or the value of the same, or to whom sold or
as to whether or not uny «rf their products are
sold in the State of California.
In the State of Nebraska most of the
products of convicts' labor are harness,
saddles and cooperage, but whether any of
these are sent to this Slate Labor Com
missioner J. H. Powers is unable to state
at present.
Commissioner 8. B. Home of Connecti
cat writes that in the State prison work is
done, but that the amount of the product
or where or to whom sold is kuown only
by the contractors themselves.
S. J. Thompson, Chief of the Indaina
Bureau of Statistics, states that he is at
present unable to tell where the convict
made goods manufactured in that State
are gold.
Letters are being received by Mr. Fitz
gerald every day and the foregoing are
fa?r samples of them all. In a number of
States no goods are manufactured by con
victs, but other letters show that the out
put of those prisons where convicts com
pete with free labor must be enormous
and the goods a menace to every factory
in the United States. That California gets
more than her share of these products is
established beyond argument.
HE IS A LUMBER KING
Colonel C. W. Griggs on the
Business and Politics of
Washington.
The Man Who Came Near Being Made
United States Senator Says It Is
a Period of Change.
Colonel C. W. Griggs of Tacoma, man
ager and principal owner of the St. Paul
and Tacoma Lumber Company, and one
of the wealthiest men in the Nortnwest,
arrived here yesterday and is at the Pal
ace. He is one of the lumber kings of the
Northwest.
Colonel Griggs was formerly from St.
Paul, where he resided for thirty
years, and was a member of the Minne
sota Senate for twelve years. He also held
many other prominent political positions.
He is a Democrat, as conspicuous as any
in his State, and two years ago came very
near being elected United States Senator,
his friends sticking to him and balloting
for him long and arduously. They in
sisted that he could have been elected also,
if he had been willing to make some of
the ordinary concessions that are not in
frequently made at such times.
As one of the wheelhorses ofithe Democ
racy he is consulted as to the course of
the party in Washington, and has been a
heavy contributor to the victories the
party has had there.
The colonel owns an enormous lumber
mill at Tacoma and ships large quantities
of lumber to San Francisco. He is in
terested in seven different lumber yards
here. He discussed lumber and alluded
to the interesting things in politics.
"It has been so dull fn the Northwest for
the last three or four years," he said,
"that there was no show for a manu
facturer to make any money out of lum
ber. It has changed somewhat lately,
however, and now we think we have seen
the worst of the situation.
"In every way there is either an im
provement or indications of speedy im
provement, so # that I think business will
be good again in Washington before long.
"I am not much in politics now. At
'.east not as I was when I was in St. Paul,
where I lived so long. As for the Presi
dential outlook, it seems to me that the
Republicans are largely for one man.
They think he will win, but I do not care
to state what I believe will eventually re
sult. The coming Senatorial fight in
Washington is expected to be lively."
Colonel Griggs is in California to remain
about a month. His trip is for both busi
ness and pleasure.
» »—»» — »
BALDWIN'S COMMISSIONERS.
The Marshal Finds Himaelf Mixed Up
With the Washington Authorities.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin
is in trouble in a small way with "the
powers that be" at Washington. The
Marshal contends that he has a right to
appoint a jury commissioner both for
the Circuit and District courts, but the
department entertains altogether a differ
ent view.
Mr. Baldwin appointed F. J. Edwards
as jury commissioner for the Circuit
Court, "and Captain McDonald to a similar
position in the District Court. In due
time these gentlemen, throueh the Mar
shal, forwarded their bills to Washington.
They were returned with the indorsement
that Mr. Baldwin had exceeded his
authority.
The department was willing enough to
allow the fees of one commissioner, but
two were more than they could or would
stand. The amount involved is only $15,
but Baldwin says he (joes not care any
thing for that. He is fighting for a
principle, and will win out if there is jus
tice in Washington.
PJMIJMMIII]MIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIIIJIIIMIIMMi
1 . B
5| 5
la* "Takes the Cake." (
I 0a
I PLUG i
1 You may have money to |
I burn/ but even so, you needn't ., |
jg throw it away* For 10 cents you 1 1
jjO- get almost twice as much "Battle J=
15] IE
1 Ax" as you do of other high grades M
m v < - ' mM
i for the same money* • ft^
HEW TO-DAY.
MAY OUTER |
GARMENTS AT
END-OF-SEASON
PRICES. s*l
1 4i!CMI W Now 1 * ihd
a •Mil 9& J/ 1 time' — here' %
'" *t£g>a'l i^^St^J the place,
«aij«g/ K*>C We're over-
\-i\ £&&f-^T*Sr<Zg&' stocked-
Vgffi'Mffi^^ weather has
Wl&mM S^ been against"
~ t <^/,' i/ 4 r ll , us— bound : to
. lose .sooner or
later on surplus stocks, so we have decided to
take the loss now, when you want the gar-
ments, Instead of In August. Other bargains
announced in the Sunday Examiner.
WASH WAISTS.
The most complete stock of Shirt Waists In the*
city— too many in fact— therefore marked at prices
usually asked at the end of the season— not one,'
poor style in the entire collection— perfect laundry,
carefully matched yokes— the popular de-
tachable collars— and the desirable Dresden and.
Persian patterns— and linen color effects are the*
features of this stock.
Soft finish Percale Waists...... ..;....... 50c
$125 Percale Waists 750.
Rose Pattern Dimity Waists, with separate »
collars, sold everywhere at $1 75 $1 25
SILK WAISTS.
i Just one kind mentioned as a sample for this
week's price-cutting— there are Dresden silks with!
bishop sleeves— velvet collar and "cuffs— liuedj
throughout— twenty styles to select from— i y
f8 50 Silk Waist for $6G€>
TAILOR-MADE DRESSES.
The widest skirts— lined with stiff rustling lin-
Ing— Dound with velveteen— a perfect hanging'
garment— made as only tailors can make them—.'
several new styles of lined jackets— these are great?
bargains— "
HO Serge Dresses ...$6 00
$14 Cheviot Dresses ....:. $10 00
$16 50 Serge Dresses $12 60
(jay 50 Scotch Cheviot Dresses; $16 50
SPECIAL CAPES.
The most desirable of this season's styles— plain,
fancy and embroidered— impossible to describe
them understanding!}-— must be seen to be appre-
ciated—not a garment but wiiat is worth one-thin
more that the price asked— •..,*■. i,
$18 Capes $13 50 I $7 50 Capes.. $5 00
$14 Capes $10 00 $5 Capes $3 50
10 Capes $7 50 I $3 50 Capes $17
A QUICK MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT.
KELLY &~LIEBES,
120 KEARNY STREET.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
■ — - —^ ■ * • — Bin. m.
DO YOU WEAR RUSSETS? ■§
We have the finest assortment of Russets in this
city, and our prices are the lowest. Wo have l'us-
sets for men, women and children. We have all
the latest styles, and at popular prices. You can,'
save money by buying from us... This week we are
making a specialty of Ladies" TiA foiurtil-<-OTr;,li-
ern Ties, with fine brown cloth tops and very
pointed toes and tips. ' We will offer them at
81.75
per pair, and to see them is to acknowledge their
worth. The stock is the best, the soles are hand'
turned, and they sell regularly for $2 60. ■
We never forget the little ones at home. ■
Infants' Tan Kid Button, cloth or kid tops,
sizes 1 to 51/2 $0 75
Children's Tan Kid Button, spring heels, sizes '
6 to 8 , ....; 0 74
Children's Tan Kid Button, cloth tops, spring wjmt
heels, sizes 5 to 8.. .%.... 00
Children's Tan Goat Button, spring heels,
sizes 7 to ioy a .....100
Misses' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes
11 to 2 ....125
Ladies' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes ' '
2% to 5% 150
tST Country orders solicited.
49- Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco. I
910
JEATH OF J. A. JOHNSON.
;-'£x- Lieutenant Governor and
Warden of San Quentin
Passes Away.
I
VAS A life-long DEMOCRAT.
jjenerous 'and Warm-Hearted to His
; Friends— He Leaves but Few
Enemies.
I James A. Johnson, ex-Lieutenant-Gov
{rnorof Caliiornia, died yesterday morn
fig after a long" illness at; bis residence,
.535 Bush street, in this City. . :
i The deceased gentleman was well and
!The deceased gentleman was well and
Lvorably known in this City by a large
umber of persons. In fact he was be
wed most by those who knew him the
johgest. Gentle of manner, polite and
ourteous to all, he made friends where
jfver he went, and in addition to his inak
ng friends he had the rare gift of retain
ing friendships once made for all time.
► Jis enemies wero very few, if any really
xisted. "Jim" Johnson, as bis imme
liate personal friends were often heard to
peak of him, was born in South Carolina
l*ri: 1829, and, when quite young, went to
Arkansas with his parents. In 1853 he
fame to California, and in ISG7 was elected
fa Congress from Dowuieville, and served
two terms. He then came to San Fran
cisco. He was Lie -Governor un
der Governor Is win in 1875. Under th«
fid constitution the Lieutenant-Governor
vas also Warden of the State prison, and
The Late James A. Johnson. Formerly Lieotenant-Governor of California.
lived in San Quehtin in that capacity dur
ing his term as Lieutenant-Governor. He
.also served a term in the Legislature.
I Prior to coming to Calilornia he resided
for a short period in Arkansas, where he
studied medicine with the intention of be
coming a physician, but ro his finer feel
ing the suffering of humanity was of such
an unpleasant nature that he abandoned
it for the practice of law.
Since the end of his administration as a
Lieutenant-Governor and Warden of San
Quentin he resided in this City, wbere he
followed his profession as an attorney. At
one time he was said to possess real prop
erty in San Francisco valued at over $100.
-000, but owing to his generous nature and
indifference to the accumulation of wealth
he parted with a portion of it. He
was never known to say "No" to a friend
or acquaintance who a.-iked him for a
"loan never to be returned.
He resided with his family at the place
where he died. His widow is the daugh
ter of the late Jutige Bowers of San Rafael.
Her brother, Ewing, who holds a respon
sible position in the United States Branch
Mint in this City, resicles witn his sister,
who was the second wife of the deceased.
His first wife and the two children of that
union died years ago.
Deceased was always a pronounced Dem
ocrat. He succeeded himself in Congress
h\ 1868, and actively supported President
Johnson when his impeachment was at
tempted. At the close of the Irwin ad
ministration he retired to private life, but
continued to talce an active interest in the
success of his party. At one time he owned
and edited the Alta. After ceasing his
connection with that paper he became at
torney for the Donahue railroad. His
death resulted from an abscess of the liver.
Being a prominent Mason his funeral
will take place from the Masonic Temple
on Post street
FIRST CHURCH PURITANS.
New Society of Christian Kndeavorers
Independently Formed.
A new Christian Endeavor Society was
organized last Sunday evening by a num
ber of the young people of the First Con-
I gregational Church. The new society will
be known as the Puritan Christian En
deavor Society, and application will be
made for membership in Golden Gate
Christian Endeavor Union this evening,
when the executive committee meets at
tho Young Men's Christian Association
building.
The new society, which is largely com
posed of the charter members of the* First
Congregational Christian Endeavor So
ciety, is not in any sense an opposition
society to the one which met last Sunday
at the residence of Mr. Folger, but is an
entirely independent organization.
The Puritan Bociety will hold its meet
ings in the Native Sons' building every
[ Sunday evening at 6:30 o'clock.
The following officers and chairmen
were elected: President, Georke B. Little
field; vice-president, Ray Simpson; secre
tary, Miss F. Scott ; corresponding secre
tary, Miss M. U. Simpson; treasurer, H.
W. Fargo; delegate to the union, J. F.
i Mason; delegate to floating society, L.
J. Harrison; lookout committe, A. E.
Stillicom; prayer-meeting, Miss E. La
goni; social committee. Miss G.Sanders;
Sunday-school, Miss Lizzie Hofmann;
calling committee, Mjbd E. L. Whalley;
reception, Miss L. A. Hofmann.
HAPPY HOMEOPATHISTS
They Will Have a Feast of. Knsayg,
Songs and .Dainty Dishes at Their
ljp|l .-'* Twentieth Annual Meeting.
"^lhe twentieth annaal session of the
Homeopathic Medical Society will open at
the Palace Hotel to-morrow, continuing
until Friday. The private meetings prom
ise to be particularly interesting to tho?e
devoted to the nealing art. Among the
papers to be presented — upward of fifty in
all — will be essays on "Two Peculiar Cases
of Throat Trouble," by A. C. Peterson,
M.D-, of this City; "Single - remedy
Cures," by S. E. Chapman. M D., of
Forest Hill; "Clinical Cases," b, W. E.
Ledyard, M.D., of this City ; "Some Notes
on Sanitary Process," by William Simp
son, M.D., of San Jo9e; "Mineral Springs
of California,' 1 by Guy E. Manning, M.D.,
of this City; "What Constitutes a Hoalthy
Child?" by P. R. Watts, M.D., of Sacra
mento; "How the New-Born fcuould Be
Fed," by S. S. Salisbury, M.D., of Los
Angeles, and many papers dealing with
special branches of medical lore.
The public exercises will take place in
Native Sous' Hall to-morrow evening at 8
o'clock. Addresses will be delivered by
Drs. George H. Martin, H. C. French and
ri. R. Arnut, and a line vocal and instru
mental programme is promised.
At 9 o'clock Thursday evening a ban
quet will be tendered by the local mem
bers of the society to their visiting
brethren.
The affair will take place in the Maple
room of the Palnce Hotel, and rumors are
life to tne effect that the gay medicos will
indulge in many a dainty which they
sternly interdict so far as their patients
are concerned.
THE LABOR UNIONS
Three Plasterers Heavily Fined for
Breaking the Working-Card System.
The Painters' Union last evening de
cided to return three delegates to the
Trades and Labor Alliance. The proposi
tion to create a strike fund in the build
ings trade by a $2 50 assessment was de
feated by a vote of 4 for and 130 against.
The paper-bangers at present in the
Painters' Union will meet at 115 Turk
street on Friday evening and form a paper
bangers' union. The new union will re
ceive its clmrter from the Painters' Union.
At the Plasterers' Union three of the
members were heavily fined for violating
the working-card by working on the struck
job on First and Market streets.
The fraternity of hotel and restaurant
employes met last ni^ht and Eugene
Brown was elected as recording secretary.
Leon Brown was re-elected labor secretary.
He reported all members of the union at
work. An invitation was received from
Amalgamated Workers' Union No. 15 to
attend their mass-meeting this eyening at
8 o'clock, at 1159 Mission street.
DELICACIES OR DAMAGES
Peculiar Suit of the Crew of
the Trading Schooner
Viking.
They Want the Price of Extras Which
Should Have Been on the
Bill of Fare.
The crew of the schooner Viking, which
reached this port a few days ago after
eight or nine weeks at sea, filed a novel
suit in the United States District Court
yesterday.
It is a suit to recover certain alleged ne
cessaries of life, in the shape of bread,
meat, limejuice, peas, vinegar and sugar!
The crew, through the complaint tiled by
Attorney H. W. Hutton, claim that all of
these articles should have been furnished
them, but for some reason there was a
woeful lack of anything of the kind, so far
as they could obse/ve, on board the vessel.
For these gastronomic privations, J. Pe
terson, W. C. Sewans, John Johnson M.
Carroll and J. Kottia ask the court to
compel the J. F. Cunningham Company,
owners of the Vifcing, to pay them the
sum of $1427 50. It is tacitly admitted
by 'them that they were of sound body
and mind when the port of San Fran
cisco hove in sight, but they want the
price of what they should|have had.
The crew demands pay for limejuice,
peas and vinegar, for each a sum varying
from $29 to ?59 apiece. Then there was
the bread, which was $59, a head short,
and meat next on the list with $35. Sugar
in limited quantities was present, but on
the homeward voyage the bottom was
reached, and for thi3 the claimants want
Tnis is the first time the liability of a
ship-owner on tne question of short allow
ance of provisions on a voyage has been
brought up on the Pacific Coast. It is an
old-established principle of law that own
ers may be sued for inadequate provisions,
but a decision from the courts here will be
o* interest to sailors and shipping men
The Viking is the vessel which was six
weeks overdue from the Caroline Islands.
She had been given up as lost by her
owners, but she arrived safely in port last
week and the crew lost no time in bVing
mg action for their shortcomings.
HIS SENTENCE ILLEGAL.
Abe Majors, the Boy Burglar, May Soon
Be Removed From Folsom.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 11.-I. i 8i 8 now
considered certain that when Prison Di
rector Fitzgerald attends the next meet
ing of the board he will be furnished with
proof that Abe Majors, the boy burglar
is illegally imprisoned. Evidence has
been obtained that the youthful ciimiml
was only 15 years of age when he was sen
tenced to ten years at Folsom by Jud^e
Frick. "
The mistake was not discovered until
two weeks ago, when some San Jose peo
ple came to Oakland and called the atten
tion of Mrs. Wagner, the boy's mother, to
the fact, which was readily proven by re
calling various past incidents about the
time of bis father's (Lloyd Majors) death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
MADE BY CONVICT HANDS
Startling Statement About the
Work on the Grant
Monument.
GEANITE CUTTERS AROUSED.
Folsom Prison Felons Said to Be Con
structing All but the Gen
eral's Bust.
The monument in honor of the mem
ory of the late President U. S. Grant now
being erected in front of the museum in
Golden Gate Park is the work of convict
hands.
This statement caused the holding of a
special indignation meeting by the Gran
ite-cutters' Union at 11§9 Mission street,
and some fiery patriotic labor speeches
were made. Some time ago it was de
cided to erect a suitable monument to the
memory of General Grant, and in time
sufficient money was raised.
In order to make the money go as far
as possible the committee decided to get
the granite base and superstructure from
the quarry at Folsom.
Recently the stone arrived on the
ground in the park and a number of gran
ite-cutters, with an eye to business, went
out to see if tney could secure employ
ment, dressing and putting the finishing
touches upon the stone.
To their surprise they found the stone
was all cut and ready to be put in place.
They made inquiry and learned that it had
been done by the State prison convicts in
Folsom.
That this knowledge produced a storm
of indignation goes without saying. The
secretary at the meeting last evening said
he was surprised that such a thing should
be allowed — that a monument to the
memory of a deceased President of the
United States and a man of such fame
should be made by felons.
The speaker wondered if the public's
appreciation for U. 8. Grant's services had
reached such a low ebb that it would con
sent to have the granite raised to his honor
fashioned by the hands of cnt-throats,
forgers, horsethieves and other outlaws.
He further stated that about the only
work done by felons will be the bust of the
old general that Rupert Schmidt is to
make to surmount the whole inglorious
pile, and he added that he supposed the
reason this was not done in the peniten
tiary was because there are no sculptors
wearing stripes in Folsom.
This was not the only protest that the
granite-cutters have to make. They have
learned that the authorities at Folsom are
turning out dressed granite for other than
prison buildings. The law, as the granite
cutters have been informed, does not per
mit of this class of work being done by
convicts, who are only allowed to get the
rock out of the quarry.
All granite for buildings outside of the
prison walls must be cut and dressed by
free labor. "And yet we have learned,"
said the secretary, "that in Fohom there
are over fifty convicts who have been
taught the trade, and the product of their
labor is being shipped all over the State."
This, he said, deprives fifty free men of
employment.
In this connection another obstacle con
fronts the union. When these convict
granite-cutters are released from prison
they must be one of two things — scabs or
members of the union. The members of
the union are loath to take in ex-convicts
as members and they are equally opposed
to having the State create scab granite
cutters to fight the union. A dozen of
these fellows would do the trade much
damage.
The meeting lasted until a late hour,
and it was decided to tight the injustice to
the bitter end. It was the desire that the
public should be informed of the indignity
heaped upon tne name of U. 8. Grant.
The other grievance will be publicly
brought to the attention of the State
authorities, who, they believe, are well
aware of what is goinc on. If necessary it
is determined to light the proposition in
the courts to keep the convicts from fol
lowing the eranite-cutters' trade.
AT THE CITY THEATERS
Local Talent Displayed in a
Cake-Walk at the Cali
fornia.
Florence Thropp Applanded — The
Frawley Company Has a New
Leading Lady.
The Cakewalk at the California was the
subject of most absorbing interest at the
local theaters last night. There were a
number of local entries and the competi
tion was keen. No murmurs were heard,
however, as to the way in which the prizes
were given, for the audience picked out
the winners.
There were frosted cakes galore, as well
as other prizes for which Primrose <fe
West's Minstrels competed with local
talent. James Russell of New York and
.Miss Flora Daniels gained the majority
six points. C. Sidney O'Brien of San Fran
cisco won the second place. Mat John
son of New York took the third place,
with three points. Miss Rose Taylor of
San Francisco was presented with a basket
of flowers. The cake was won by B. John
son, one of the pickaninnies of the Prim
rose & West Company.
There was a large audience present,
which warmly applauded the efforts of the
cake-walkers. It was announced that the
gentleman gaining most points in the
series of cake walks during the week will
be presented with a gold watch.
At the Baldwin.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown," at the Baldwin Theater, was
embellished last night by two songs, the
singing of which is more in Eddie Foy's
style than is the acting of the title role in
the play.
He gave a parody on a well-known ditty,
which according to his version began,
"The Days of Old, When Ice Was Cold."
He also san« "He's Waiting for Me."
The latter received so many encores that
Foy was finally reduced to acting his last
verse in pantomime.
Morrison's " Faust."
Morrison's "Faust" is still drawing
well at the Columbia. The electrical ef
fects, particularly in the Brocken scene,
are the subject of considerable applause
"The Crossroads of Life."
"The Crossroads of Life" at the Grand is
a pronounced type of melodrama in which,
when the characters are pood, "they're
very, very good, and when they're bad
they're horrid.' Fred Butler as the
double-dyed villain, needless to say, is
"horrid," and Edmund Collier as the hero
is well-nieL flawless.
There are plenty of harrowing situations
when the company always rises to the
occasion, and the cool and haughty, if
somewhat stagy, manner in which Collier,
as the captain, foils the cunning schemer,
ired Sutler, quite brings down the house.
Florence Thropp made a charming Lil;>
Hawthorn, a girl who had several parts to
play, from dancing and hinging duets with
Hush Ward, "the honest bootblack," to
purloining documents from the villain at
the pistol r s point. Lisle Leigh acted with
considerable intensity, though the part of
Lady Lil, which she played a few weeks
aeo, suited her better. The rest of the
cast was good.
"Fra Diavolo."
"Fra Diavolo," which was revived last
night at the Tivoli, was mounted well and
the acting and singing were thoroughly
satisfactory. Martin Pache, who took the
part of the robber chief, acted and sang
with spirit. Carrie Roma as the English
Countess was refined and ladylike with
out either over acHng or becoming insipid.
Kate Marchi as Zerlina, the innkeeper's
daughter, sang prettily and caused plenty
of amusement. John J. Raffael as the
English nobleman was well got up with
the traditional blonde wig, Piccadilly
weepers and checker- board suit. Giacomo
and Beppo were more like American
tramps than classic brigands.
At the Orpheum.
John W. Ransone, the clever come
dian, with his political hits, is still the
star at the Orpheum. Last night he held
a house full of people with the same sure
grip he displayed when he was first intro
duced to an audience. Among the new
faces appearing last evening were those of
Wood and Shepard, who blend comedy
and music in their turn to such perfec
tion that it is difficult to tell which is
better liked.
The other performers who shared the
honors were Morton and Mack, Fields
and Lewis, and Charlotte Parry.
WRESTED FROM HIS GOLD
Death of a Miserable Miser Who
Left Fifteen Thousand
Dollars.
His Wearing Apparel and Unclean
Body Showed All the Traits
of His Character.
Cold in death, but sitting upright in a
rickety chair, surrounded by the cold, bare
walls of a dingy room in a cheap lodging
house at 883 Mission street was last even
inK found the body of Andrew Little, who
in life was a raiser, commiserated by the
world and likewise commiserated by him
self.
Sewed in the ragged lining of bis thread
bare vest were a number of bankbooks,
showing that in the saving institutions of
New York and this City there remained to
bis credit, after a few stinted drawings,
$15,348.
The house in which the unhappy man
died Is one where only those who are in
destitute circumstances, or those who have
money and are too mean to pay the price
for apartments in keeping with their
worldly wealth, reside.
One of the cheapest rooms in this
homely building was occupied by the
miser, and he paid |5 a month for its use.
He evidently thought that ha was paying
too much for the little room, as he tried
several times to have the rent reduced.
In a battened trunk which gave evidence
of most abject poverty waa found frag
ments of food of a varied description
loaves, half loaves and slices of blue
molded bread, pieces of sausage, crumbs
of cheese, pinches of salt and peeper tied
up in paper.
His wearing apparel was of snch a cnar
acter that it only accentuated his miserly
disposition. A shirt that at one time was
white had lost its virgin hue and turned to
a dirty yellow.
No crazvquilt could ever dare compare
to it in the variegated complexion of the
thousands of patches of all kinds, from
grainbacs to cambric of the finest tenure,
sewed on with equally fine thread.
His underclothing was filthy.
Death must have taken place at least
two days ago, as it is that length of time ■
since any person in the house saw him
alive.
It was evident to the Coroner's deputies
the man had been a miser.
Sewed in his vest pocket were found
several bankbooks, while others were sim
ilarly secured on the inside of his coat.
The books showed an aggregate of $15,348,
with a small balance to his credit in the '
old Clay-street Savincs and Loan Society. ,
LJOW to recover the force of your nerves when they are weak.
*A He will advise electricity, because he knows — if he is not an
old fogy— that the nerve power of man depends on electricity;
that if the nerves and vital organs — which. are supported by the
nerves — are weak, their weakness is owing to a lack of this subtle
clement. The direct application of electric currents to the body
tor a few hours daily soon replaces the nerve strength and builds
the weakened functions up to a strong and vigorous condition.
That is what makes manhood.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worn a few hours every evening,
\\%fs ' while you sit around the house,
■^aK^ScrM^jr^fc or you can wear it all night It
makes you sleep sound and you
j^SHMB^%VJ^Hi^f^^H^^^ awake in the morning refreshed.
gllp^^fv "V^i^^ !| g!^^ You feel the warming, life-in-
■Jtk^/fsz? —Kfxffl'ji fusing current all the time, and
regulate it by a small screw so as
to turn the power' on mild 01
~^^j^^^- strong at will. It will cure all
weakness of the nervous or vital organism in from two to three
months.
A Grateful Dairyman.
■ \ v . SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 8, 1596.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Sir ! When I got your Belt a few months ago I was awful nervous
and weak. ; I was almost broken down with nervous debility, I could not work t and could not
sleep. During the afternoon I would get so weak 1 could hardly finish my day's work. I; got
your Bolt and had only worn it a month when I got my strength back so that I could worv
hard all day without getting tired and have been well and strong ever since. It is th* cc»
thing 1 ever used, and I will always recommend it. Yours very truly, pjERCE
• Guadaloupe Dairy, 15th Aye. and San Br'uno,Road, San Francisco.
Guudaloupe Dairy, 10th Aye. and San Bruno Road, Ssn Francisoo.
.- Get the little book, "Three Classes of Men," with full information. and names of hundieda
cured, free. ... . ; £££i£
J3.A.:rxri3:E3i\r el.eotric go.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A*. M. to 8:30 F. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. .
-OPFICBS AT
LOS ANGELES, CAL. I PORTLAND, OR.
204 bouth Broadway. , I 253 Washington streak ' ■■
The first deposit bad been made in 1875,
and the last in January, 1894.
The bulk of the money is in the savings
banks of New York: In the Bowery Sav
ings Bank, in trust for his niece, Jane
Little, who resides at Medford, Ontario,
Canada, is deposited $3480. In the same
bank, to his own credit, $3180.
In the Bank for Savings at 67 Bleecker
street. New York, $2379; in the Broadway
Savinars Institution, three deposit-books
for $1463, $1714 and $735 respectively; in
the German Savings and Loan Society in
this City, $2397.
His ledger was kept on what remained
of an old paper collar. Clippings from
every conceivable book, newspaper and
periodical, with extracts from the Bible
and an abundant collection from the Ross-
Yorke controversy, with old musty letters
and duplicate drafts on banks, were tied
together with twine.
Probably because of so many deposits
in so many banks, the following disjointed
statement* was written on the back of a
time-stained card :
"Only one class of deposits owe rate of
interest paid. With reference to eleventh
clause, to have the interest credited upon
the passbook*, will sufii^e to contain the
interest, but when.- the account reaches
$3000 no interest is paid on express over
that amount as per State law."
The deceased miser was aged about 65
years, and from his naturalization papers,
which were tak^n out forty-nine years
ago, it was shown that he was a native of
Scotland.
He had been in the house where he was
found dead only a short time, but he was
known to have lived in the same blocK in
the Mission for the past five years.
So far as is known he had no relatives in
this City or State, consequently the Pub
lic Administrator will take charge of his
hoarued wealth.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.
Alameda County Will Be Represented
at the State Gathering by a Large
Delegation.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— The Ala
meda County delegation to the ninth an
nual Christian Endeavor State Convention
will leave Oakland Thursday at 1:30 p. m.,
going via Nilea. It is expected that about
100 will go down at that time, while others
will go each day, until by Saturday there
will be fully 250 present.
The Congregational Orchestra and band
will be in attendance lo add to the inspira
tion, while among the speakers from
around the bay there will be the Rev. E.
R. Dille, D.D., the Rev. "William Rader
and Rolla V. Watt, of San Francisco; the
|||^!Mf^l!ljMr|]
ifTte§tep|
mst
A smart Broadway, New
I \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with -instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My euo-
cess has been duo to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4f. m.
Rev. E. 8. Chapman, D.D., and the Rev.
C. H. Hobart, of Oakland. Among the
noted speakers there will be: Herrick
Johnson, D.D., of Chicago; Alexander
Patterson, D.D., of Chicago; Evangelist
John H. Ellis, H. A. J. Frost, D.D., and
numerous others.
The delegation from this county will be
quartered at the St. James Hotel and will
return Monday. Those who desire to visit
Mount Hamilton will stay over until Tues
day and make the ascent Monday, when
by special arrangement they may use the
large glasses.
NEW TO-PAT. !
HAT AUCTION
THIS DAY,
TUESDAY MAY 18, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Green-St. Heights Residence.
No. 1016 Green st,, west of Jones; 8 rooms and
bath: elegant surroundings; bitumlnized Btreet;
cement stone walk; examine this; California cable
and North Beach and Mission cars; large, hand-
some lot, 46x1120, to rear street.
Pacific Heights Property.
NWcor. Lacuna and Greenwich sts. ; large, fine
building of 4 French flats; one 6, two 5 and one of
4 rooms and bath ; must be sold; Union and Pacific
cables; lot 31:3x100 feet.
Oak-St. Large Lot.
South line of Oak st., west of Devlsadero; this
elegant large lo: is tit for 6 French flats or 2 stores
and 4 French flats; Oak-st. cable and electric cars ;
street bituminized.
Pacific Heights Improved.
NE. cor. Union and Steiner sts. ; good corner for
business; Union st. in basalt rock; cement stone
walk; Union cable: Fiiimore electric cars; must
be sold; corner lot, 37:6x62:6.
Haight-Street Heights.
BK. cor. Ridley and South Broderlck nts; 4 of the
choicest residence lots in the city; front Buena
Vista Park; 4 blocks from Golden Gate Park;
magnificent view; 2 blocks south of Haight st.;
examine these; Haigbt-street cable and Fiiimore
electric; lots 32:3 and 28x75 feet.
Precita Heights Home.
Cottage and lot ; No. 105 Precita aye., east ol
Coso st. ; 6 rooms; brick foundation: Folsoin and
Mission electric; large lot, 40x140 feet.
Mission Tenement House.
No, 213, NE. line of Twelfth St., SE. of IToward;
building contains nine rooms divided into 2 tene-
mentsof 5 and 4 rooms: centrally located; street
bltumlnized: Howard cable; lot 21x87:6.
Golden Gate Park tot.
North line of Carl st,, W. of Cole: street sew-
ered; Affiliated Colleges and Sutro Library to be
built near; Haight and Omnibus cables and elec-
tric road; :ot 25x1«57:6.
< Mission Residence Lot.
East line of Fair Oaks St., N. of Twenty-fifth;
bandsomu lot all ready for building; fine view;
pleasant surroundings: Han Francisco and San
Mateo electric; lot 25x100 feet.
Ashbury Heights Lot.
SE. cor. Stanyan and Seventeenth sts.: grand
view; choice neighborhood: ail ready for building:
one of the best lots in the city; electric and cable
cars; lot 46:9x100 feet.
Courtland-Ave. Home,
No. 26 Bennlngton st., N. of Courtland aye.;
comfortable) home; street bituminized; Mission
electric cars; lot 25x124 feet to rear street.
Mission Cozy Residence.
No. 449 Jersey St., E. of Castro; 2-story bay-
windowed, 7 rooms and bath; Castro cable and
Twenty-fourth electric; lot 25x114 feet.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
I '"" J *" "ft iifti iffrr nrftn iilfa iib^
HI Opening \
I Designs .}",■,' Day -f
• of the 75qi»"»lJ»" I "i]|iwn|ji»"nt|iii li»q|i1 i»q|i" l »l|in"iiip
Waterbury
4JhhHii!i».-«i?!!»««i!ii..-ti!iii...iil!».*i^. \jLTfk \ /•* \\ !
i The ladies alCll j
I specially invited to %■ f* f\ \
J examine the bar- L \j\j»—^^ \
j gains for the en- j^ on exhibition :
r.f tire week ending | , «t the :
1 May 33 f Mills Bid?, j
— -f X "yy"--- inn- r I 1
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION II? RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
POR.TIJ A.3MD, OR.
WEDNESDAY ..........MAY 13.
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. m. ■
A r ft n— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
-55,00 Ist Sleeper. ;<
.... ALSO. • 7. ' ;
First-class tickets, Including berth In Cl n.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. •;., -._.„■ <H)xU
SPECIAL NOTICE
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sen"ers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
a-|y Throngh Tickets for Facet Sound
J7>int« on.Sal* nt Rednc»d Rates.
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel >v- *
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAIT,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. , Gen. Pass. Agt.
SMFRIW& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA.YB-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-85,
3:30, silO, 6:30 p. U. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:307. if. Saturdays-Extn* trips at 1:60
and 11 :30 p. x. , : . • . ~V
SDNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30,3:30.
6:00, 6:20 r. M.
r San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra
at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p. m.
BU^^o\^s"p ' 9:;15 11:1 ° A "'' 1:40, 3: * 0 '
o :00, 0 :25 r.u. »- ;
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park same '
schedule as above.
- _ .Leave , TnTfflct Arrive
San Francisco.. April San Francisca
Wkkk I Sun- ne^uniSllon ~ 8051 - I Wm ;
Days. | bays. : "e»»natlon. pa_yb._|_Da vs.
7:30 am 7:30 am; Novalo, 10.40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am l'etaluiria, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 i-M; 5:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm! 6:15 pm
Fulton, 1
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
- -« _ » Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~~~ ~~ Meta, ■ ■ - - i ~~ "
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 780 am Uklah.. 7:30 pmj 6:15 pm
7:3oam . . . 10'IOam
-\ 7:30 am Ouerneville. 7:30 pm - •■
3:30 ** 6:15
I : in AM I: 2 2 AM Sonoma 10:40 ah 8:40 am
5:30 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
_[ ■ Glen Kllen. :
_StsKts connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; •- at Geyserville for Skasgs Hprinn- at
Uoyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hi-San.!
Hnnr KS ?. X , cISe f VV i lle ' Boda Bay and uikeport; ai
Hopland for Lalceport and Bartlett Springs: at
LaVP? Liaurel Del! Tjikc-, I'pper Lhki-. Potter
vin?i^?K eI J? c ", Ll ir k0 ' Upper L»K-e. Porno, Potter
} V i K lln P lv ' s - Llerle y 8 - BuctaeU^ fani ed-
wood . K . ■"' S rnvellv ; Valley. Booaeville, Green-
wood, urrs . Hot ? rin P>- Mendoclno City," Fort
?Itf«; ni eBt S° . J 2 " 1 ' w '««». Canto. Covelo,
LaytonvUle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka .
ratfs ' * '° Monilav roani-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
yond San Rafael at half rates. • : • -
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. BY AN,
Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
_ NEW TO-PAT.
W. J. DINQEE,
. Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
i 460-463 Eighth Street, Oakland,
I -In conjunction with '
fAT AUCTION
SATURDAY MAY 16,1896
" At 2 o'clock p. ii. r on the premises.
Sear Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
. AND. FRONTING
College, Benvcnue and Hllleeass Are-
nues, Parker and Derby Streets.
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
JN THE WELL-KNOWN ?}L]
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences In this
: . city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of the first-class buil
ness men of San Francisco, the professor, of th«
State University and the boat citizens o?Berkelev*
but 1 block from Dwight Way, 1 block from Tele-*
graph avenue and 4 blocks from DvS Way
steam station: commands the finest viewobt£<-
able of the Golden Gate, Marin Counts- hills *«T A
bay and the City of San Francisco. Ihe streeis
are in ■ perf H condition, sewered, macadam"!"
curbed, graded and wat r-piped; all the street
work is complete. Cement stone walks art>nnd the
entire property. ■ Public and Drlvate schools near
by, the State I nivtrsity but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal— Only oue-
fourth cash; balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Francisco take the Berkeley train.
(jet off at Dwight Way, walk np sam to Hillegass
From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car. gee off at Parker street, walk east one miuute-
or Grove-street electne car. get oil at Dana or
Dwight streets, walk east two minutes.
For catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDKIDGIS & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
,* ™.»» . ~ 638 - AJark et street, San Francfsoo.
OrWM. J. DI>GEK, Real Estate Auctioneer,
. „ 4bO and 462 Eighth street, Oakland.
„£;,£• BKKK D it co - * so Ninth st, Oakland.
BBBBT & BANGS, 120 Gutter st.. >San Franclacq
RAILROAD TRAVEL*
m
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO9IPAIIT.
(rACIFIC btoxbi )
Tihliu lenve itn<l :»!••• <ltio to arrive at
. san IltANtlSt'O.
leave — _ Fkom M\y 3. 1896. — Aitr.i
*6:OOa Niks. San Jess and Way Stations... 8:45 a
«:OOa Atlantic Express, Og.len and r'.ast.. 8:15p
<:00AEenicia, Vacavilie. Rumsey. Sacra--
■ mento, and Redding Tin Daria. . . . 6:45p
7:0»a Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calis-
tcsaaud Santa Rosa...: 6:13p
■(••A Kites. San .lose, Stockton, lone,
Sacrameato, Jlarjsriile, Red Bluff
ami Sundays executed Oroville 4:IRp
•8:30.\ Peters nixl Milton.". «7:15p
9:UOa LO3 Angele3 Kxpres3. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and 1.--^ Angeles 4:4-1p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton... 10- 1. ".a
9:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
l:OOp Nil .-i, San Josoand Lirormore S:4lsa
•l:OOp Sacramento Itiver Steamers. # «:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t": i3p
4:QOp Martinez, Ran Ramon. Vallejo,
Itapa, Calistoga, El Verano and
H;uitalJosa »:I*a
4««0p Bcnicia, VacavUle, Woodland,
Knights Landiuc, HarysTille,
OroTille and Sacramento 10:49*
4Ja«p Niles, San Joso, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13*
4:8 Op Merced. Screrda, Raymond {for
_"-V : Yosemite) and Fresno 11&1AA
o:«Op Jiaw Orleans J:«p:>- :■. Vresno.Bakers-
Sold, San! l!<ii-l>ar.i,].os Augcles,
■■j Dealing, El Paso, New Orleans and
. East 19:13 a-
S:OOp Santa fa Route, Atlantic Express
forMojare and East..... 14:13 a
S:0Op Vallejo .• 11:15 a
6:0;>i" European Mail, Ogilon and East.... 9:43 a
6:00p Tlurwardfl, Kilesand Sail Jose 7:43 a
J7:ooi> Vallejo.. t7:43p
7sO«p Oregon JCxprcss, .Sacramento. Marys-
ville, Rudding, Portland, Puget
Sound and East 1 0:43 a
SASI'A flitlZ DIVISION (Harrow Haiige;. "
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... }Bt63»>
• :I.la Ne\Tark,«.,'tiiilervillo,K:in.Toso,Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations •iO«p-
-•S:l3p Newark. CenterriUe, San Jose, Now '
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.. *1 I :30 a
4tl3p Newark. San Jose and Log (Jr.tog . . . 9:30 a
COAST HI VISION (Third * Tuuiiscud Ste.) "
•6:45 a San Joso ami Way Stations (New " ™
— «-. ~ Almaden Wednesdays only) *l:4Sp
J 4 :3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore, and
_■_" Principal Way Stations }8-^«r
■:19a Sau .lose. Tres Pinos. Santa Crua
Pacific GroTe, Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol>ispo, Gnadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Ktatious ."...... 7:05 r
t»:47A Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:43p
IO:lo,\ San Joso and Way 5tati0n5......... »:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:30p
*S:3op San Jose, Gilrny, Tres Piuoa. Santa
■...-. Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
<Jrove *I«:4*A
' «Si»op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a.
♦4:3opSan Josoand Wr.y 5tati0n5......... »8:OOa
5:30p San Jose and Way Stations »B:4Sa
<s::s<»p San Joso and Way •Stations. <3:33 a
fll:s">p San Jose and Way Stations ..... t~:43p
SAN LLAaiUtO AM) HAIWARD-S LUIiAL. "
»*6:OOa "I ~~ 7 tTl5a
8:00 a t9.-4.-it
10100 l Melr»se, Seminary Park, s°!^
a *!gg* Fitehbnrg,S. B LeMdr* »jj»;
4:OOpJ- all(1 ' 3:45?
-^ H.,war^ «;lgP
I-oop • 8:4 - p
©loop « guns through to Nfles. lO^Op
ttll:lspjt From Mies. , [ ma:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS miJCISCG— Foot of Mtrltet Street (Slip B>—
•18 :. JiS Si: J1:fl0 / 8:0 ° » : *
FromOAlllSD — Foot ef Broadway.— *6:00 8:0*
JO:<>Oa.m. »2:00 •1:00 t2:00 *3:00 t«!c8
"3:00 p.m.
• A. for Morning. p for Afternoon.
■ Sundays excepted. f Saturday • only.
***» . _ t Sundays only.
. ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday niahts only.
Atlantic
AND l(!v2«?S£^¥™^
Trains leave from aad arrive. 4{v9sr2Z'?EU
at Market-Street Parry. '^£^£|^SyTEI
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct- Line)
Leaves every day at 5 r. m . carrying PVi I ,™*!
Palac* Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to ci »5«
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tat
Denver and St. Louis. .: . ..,.,--,
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, . with Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. X. and 5 p. if. daily.
The beat railway from California to the East.
' New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery!
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlag-
"*** Ticket Offloe-644 Market Street,
Chriuii<u» ouildiux-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
A . (Via Sausallto Ferry).
From Sa.s Francisco, Commencing March 2fli 189
WEEKDAYS.
F «. .iV U llXlii? J i ?*A ' S * U Batftel ~ 7 :0Ot * 8:00
;^a^sS n fe^si\^P^^^ 11 -'
*? r in^!S X*sZ y and S^a Eafael-»8:00, •9:00,
IAo d-A : B^n «:•••?"««. "1 :ao, •2:15, «4:00;
lilob am P- M " ra trlv t0 BaailklUo *»
Trains marked , • » run to San Quentin. ; "12i80
T. v. does not run to Mill Valley ■ -
.... „ - THROUGH TRAIN& •
8-00 !* dayil "; Cm4ero and way station*
,S*'"' Sunday s-Caralero and way stations.
t«0 A. M. Sundays-point Reyes ana wajsUtfoasyBALDWIN SAID
HE WAS LONELY.
Miss Lillian Ashley Tells
All Her Story in
Court
THE DOORS ARE CLOSED
Baldwin's Counsel Does Not
Want the Testimony to
Get Out.
TRIED WITHOUT A JURY.
The Plaintiff Was Unable to Put Up
the Necessary Fees for the
Jurors.
The doors of Judge Slack's courtroom
were discreetly closed yesterday, for the
Ashley-Baldwin case was going on. It was
Mr. Lloyd's idea to close the doors- He
rhe Plaintiff, Lilian Ashley, and Her Principal Counsel, J. R. Crittenden.
thought, early in the morning, that the
testimony would be such as to contami
nate such part of the public mind as
had gathered to hear and to see, so he in
voked the moral aid of the Penal Code and
asked that counsel and principals, clerk,
baliff and stenographers and his Honor be
the only ones allowed at the bar.
There being no objections from plaint
iff's tableful of counsel the order was
was made, and there was a general out
pouring of the spectators, who seemed to
think it wrong that the morals they were
willing to risk should be so tenderly cared
for by counsel. The courtroom cleared,
Mr. Crittenden made his opening state
ment, and then Miss Ashley came to the
stand.
Tall, of medium build, a face plain and
impassive, a dress of simple black, the
plaintiff did not at all look like a woman
who might captivate a millionaire from
far across the continent. She was the
only witness. She cried a little at first,
but the questions put were vague enough
to be merciful while direct enough to
bring out the story, and so for^the remain
ing hours of the session she told the story
of her shame and how E. J. Baldwin be
came the cause of it.
During part of the afternoon session her
child played innocently around the court
room, but its prattle disturbed the atten
tion of the lawyers and so the little one
w«s banished.
The case had been continued from last
week by an order of Judge Slack calling
upon the plaintiff in the case either to find
. money fer the fees or waive a jury. Judge
■ Slack expressed a strong dislike to try the
case without a jury, and even hinted that
perhaps another department of the Supe
rior Court might be more accommodating;
but when the parties came into court this
morning and Attorney Crittenden, repre
senting Miss Ashley, said that no arrange
ment for fees had been arrived at, his
Honor said: "Very well, gentlemen, I will
try the case alone. I dislike to do it very
much, but it seems the only way."
Bo the jurors were ordered out of court,
to return when called upon. Miss Ashley,
attired as before in black, took a seat at
the table in front of the Judge's bench
with her attorney, James Crittenden, in
close attendance, while Reuben H. L,loyd
and Henry £. Hignton ministered to the
interests of their millionaire client, who
occupied a modest seat in the rear of the
room. Crittenden opened the suit by of
fering several depositions for filing. The
depositions bore the names of Dr. Richard
J. Mohr, Silaa L. Thomas, A. H. Anderson,
A. L. Truewortby, Nancy C. Orennan and
B. Porter Ashley, all from Los Angeles or
Pasadena, wheuce the plaintiff comes.
The depositions were ordered opened and
filed.
Miss Ashley's testimony began with the
time she first met Baldwin in her home in
the East; how he spoke to her and gave
her money; how he asked her to come
and Bee him in California, and how he
told her how glad he would be if she would
only come. He would find a position for
her — he would Bee that she got along all
right, and she was to be a daughter to him.
She came out to meet him and he pave
her a room in the Baldwin Hotel. He
used to come and visit her in the evening,
she said, and be used to repeat how lonely
he was, no one to see, no one to care for
Dim, and -with all his millions no one
whom he could come to and confide iv.
He wanted her to be a daughter to him ;
he wanted her to be his friend.
She stayed awhile at the Baldwin Hotel
and then went down to the Coronado
Hotel. Baldwin went with her. Then
■ ahe went with him to Arcadia, where his
ranch was, and there they walked and
rode and played croquet.
The plaintiff had made demands upon
Baldwin to assist her in her troubles, but
she said there was no response, and so she
started home to her folks in the East,
bringing with her her child.
The witness got no further in her story
yesterday, but she will finish to-day.
Then she will be cross-examined, and it
will be more of an ordeal than was the
getting of her direct testimony.
A PRIESTLY FRAUD.
John Lawrence, the Self-Styled Bishop
of Honolulu, Has Arrived Here
From Portland.
John Lawrence, who posed as a Catholic
Bishop in Honolulu and as a priest in the
southern part of this State, has arrived
from Portland. He has just been re
leased from jail in the latter city, where he
served out a term of imprisonment for
having opened, unauthorized, a telegram
addressed to Father Dielman of Astoria.
Lawrence is, according to all accounts,
a notorious fraud. He foists himself upon
Catholic priests wherever be lands, and
when soon found out, as he always is, he
makes to some other locality where he
comes out under a new name and sacred
title. It is reported that he is now the
self-styled Vicar Apostolic of Guiana.
After a varied experience in this State,
when he was a number of times driven out
of bouses where be had settled himself, he
appeared in Portland last fall. He boldly
announced himself as the Bishop of Hono
lulu. The address and cool audacity of
the fellow deceived a number of the clergy.
He domiciled himself with Fattier Orth of
St. Francis Church, and succeeded in get
ting Archbishop Gross' permission to cele
brate mass and deliver a lecture. His
rambling and disjointed delivery aroused
suspicion, and upon investigation it was
found that the "Bishop of Honolulu" was
a rank impostor. He even represented
himself to Archbishop Gross as being an
old classmate of Leo XIII, and that he had
visited Rome in 1895, at the Pope' 9 invita
tion.
Upon being exposed he vanished and in
a few days reappeared at Astoria, when he
was arrested.
As this arch impostor is in San Fran
cisco or vicinity it is well for the public
and especially the Catholic clergy and
sisterhood to be on their guard. He is a
short, heavy-set man about 60 years of
Baldwin Frequently Leaned Over and Earnestly Consulted With Renben H.
Lloyd, Uis Chief Counsel. The Defendant in Some of His Attitudes.
age, dresses somewhat like a priest and
wears the purple stock of a bishop. His
stories are shaky and improbable, but his
coolness and presumption are magnince nt.
Failure never disconcerts him. and when
exposed In one section he begins over
attain in another.
• — ♦ •
Hannah Given Ten Years.
United States District Judge Morrow has sen
tenced Isaac B. Hannah to ten years' imprison
ment at San Quentin, with the additional pen
alty of $ 1000 fine. Htinnuh \v»s convicted on
Friday last of counterfeiting silver Certificates
by raising the denominations.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
ALERT FOR THE STUFFERS
Registration Will Be Conducted
This Year Under the
General Law.
REGISTRAR HINTON'S VIEWS.
The Great Register Wi'l Close Nearly
Three Months Before the
Election.
It is predicted for the stuffer at the elec
tion, the political colonizer, that he will
have a most unhappy time. Judge Wal
lace, in the case of Sternbers, has set up
an example, as it were, on the gateposts
of the City showing what may happen to
him when he is found out. Registrar flin
ton has already begun to make prepara
tions for the finding of him out.
He is having a careful listing made of all
the lodging-houses and hotels in the City,
and noting their capacity in the matter of
housing people. In every case where
there is any notable increase in the
number of men registered from any one
of these houses over the number which
it is known to harbor at dates remote from
the date of registration, a careful investi
gation will be made. He said yesterday:
"The Board of Election Commissioners
has put upon me the responsibility of de
ciding whether the work of registration
shall be done under the provisions of the
Civil Code as amended by the last Legis
lature or whether it shall be done under
the special act of 1887. I shall try to get
the matter before the Supreme Court in
some way, but if unable to do bo I shall,
in the absence of any decision in the
matter, decide in favor of the amended
code — that is to say, the general law. I
think it is safer to do so. Besides, while
on general principles I am in favor of
special laws for tjan Francisco, because
the laws that apply to counties generally
cannot be made to tit to a great city ; still,
'•n this case, I think the general law is
better. To be sure, upon trial it may be
found to develop more ills than it corrects.
"There is one thing that is reasonably
certain, however — it makes it more diffi
cult to colonize voters. It requires that
the great register be opened 160 instead
of 90 days before the election, and it must
close 85 days before it. This not only
gives the Registrar and the Election Com
missioners more time to investigate and
purge the roll of illegal voters, but it
makes it more expensive to colonize. It
will cost money to pay the expenses of the
colony voters for eighty-five aays previous
to the election.
"On the other hand, this may work a
hardship to legitimate voters who change
their residence within that time. To be
sure transfers may be effected on the
books. s
"No certificate of transfers will be given,
as that was found to develop a ereat cvil —
any holder of the transfer being able to
vote. The transfer limit is twenty-seven
days before the election. After that date
the roll stands, except as frauds are dis
covered.
"The constitutional provision requires a
man to reside a year in the State, ninety
days in the city and county and thirty
days in the precinct. If he has been reg
istered before the books are closed to him,
eighty-five days before election, and after
ward moves into some other precinct, he
may have himself transferred on the
books.
"If colonizers, to save expense, remain
at their proper place of residence and are
registered there, and afterward migrate
in numbers into some other districts just
previous to the twenty-seven days' limit,
they will the more readily be followed and
watched, for these reasons I think the
general law is a better one. I believe that
the roll, by careful watching this year,
may be kept reasonably free from fraudu
lent voters."
His Idea of a Swell.
A small boy who lives in Leeds, Eng.,
was one day calling on a school friend, and
fell into conversation with his friend's
mother. He finally remarked that it was
getting very hard to tell, from the places
in which people live, whether or not thay
are entitled to social consideration.
"Now, tnere is Blank street," he said,
"you wouldn't think anybody was much
thatJiyed on Blank street, would you? But
tnere is Mr. Tornson, he lives there."
•'And is Mr. Tomson much?"
"Mr. Tomson!" with an air of one over
whelmed by astonishment that such an
obvious fact should escape anybody. "I
should think he was! He's an awful
Bwell. Why, he won't apeak to my father."
• ♦ — ♦
Wanted a Change;
A little four-year-old in the family of
Valentine Cornelius of Richmond Hill evi
dently believes in having a share of the
good things of life and equal rights with
all. During the recent stormy period the
little one stood near the window gazing
out at the storm, which had kept him
within doors several days. Finally he
turned to his father and asked:
"Is this God's day, papa?"
The question was a poser, but the father
ceased the perusal of his paper long
enough to reply:
"Yes, they are all God's days."
"Well, when is he going to give us a
day?" was the little one's next inquiry,
delivered after some moments of silence. —
Pittsburg Dispatch.
WHOM WILL THEY MARRY?
Pennsylvania Girls Who Hare Taken a
Vow "Never to Marry Men."
Ten young ladies belonging to the best
families of the town of Baden, Beaver
County, about twenty miles from Pitts
bure, have organized a boycott against
the boys of the place, says the Press. The
girls have organized what they call the
"Trilby Club." have vowed "never to
marry men, and won't even go with the
horrid things."
The cause of this strange action on the
part of the ten girls is a grievance they
have nursed. It seems that the boys of
the town expected the girls to make some
use of their leap-year privileges. The
girls, on the contrary, wanted the boys to
be as attentive as ever. The upshot was
that indignation meetings were held and
ten of the most determined young ladies
formed the Trilby Club and took a solemn
oath never to wed.
Baden is far enough from this city to
depend on its own ability for entertain
ment. While the weaker of the girls go
on as usual the ten members of the club
have remained out of young men's society.
Instead they hold meetings at their own
homes. These meetings a member of the
club describes &a revels. At one meeting
they all dressed in their brothers' clothing.
At another they dressed as ballet girls.
One of the female stoics says the ballet
was the "bnlliest show" she ever saw.
The club is about to purchase bloomers
and wheels and enjoy life without mascu
line aid.
NEW TO-DAY.
Neglected Colds
mark the beginning
of every Spring-time,
and only too often they
are the beginning of the
story of which Con-
sumption is the end*
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with the
Hypophosphites will
soothe a cough heal
the inflamed mem-
branes, and restore the
parts to a healthy con-
dition* It will do this
promptly and perma-
nently if taken in time*
An ounce of prevention
is a bottle of Scott's
Emulsion* Don't ex-
periment with sub-
stitutes when you can
get Scott's Emulsion
for a few cents more*
IRON BEDS. . i
\tzs_ ■". jfm BRASS BEDS,
y~^ , FOLDING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
Chairs. Wheel Chair*.
"I" "H"j - Commodes, Back Rest!
I I fftlfHlf w - A. SCHKOCK,
J|||| \ I I 21—
tVBBS^, *^ Jill m New Montgomery
*- 4? 1 " A St., under Uranu
*^ Hotel. S. F.
mm m ■■ An A laxative refreshing ft*
iAW! U fli c^ab,e p to take. N
I n HI fill very agreeable io take,
CONSTIPATION
___-^ - - . . hemorrhoids, bile, . .
1 LM 19 I C II lons of appetite, gastric an*
Ila |I c r la intestinal troubles and
I II HI I *■■■.: headncbe arising
from them.
Anil I All X - ORILLON,
RU 1 1 I 1 1 PS 33 Rue dcs Archives, Parta
Pi I m1 9 Bold by all Druggist*.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC coast steamship COIPAICY
STEAMKR3 ' WILL SAIL FROM J**a_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as
fellows: :■•■■'. ;-■■■
For Mary Island. Lorln*, WrangeL Jnneau. Kll-
Hsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., May 14.
29, .Inn-- 3, 13, 18, a*.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellincbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. St.
May i. 9. 14, it), 24. > 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with U. A". Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. ,
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldi Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it., ■ May 1, 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Rant* Crn«, Monterey, Ran Simeon, Cayucoj,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oaviola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. »an Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., May
3, 7. 11. l.'i, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Sen Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Ix>»
Angeles, Iledondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. U.. MS* 1. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter. '
For Knseuada, Han Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
raz. Altata and Uuaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M.. May 5 : »tr. Coos Bay, 10 a. m.. May 13.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
"'gOODALL, PERKINS ft CO., Geni Agents.
UOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Oen'l Agent*
--- 10 Market st. San Franriwca-
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSffIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class fSO.OO
Second Class-.^SOO
Meals and berth Included. '
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS '& CO..
■ Hpncral Agents. "
<gfrfrrn_K HAMBURG-AMERICAS LWE
y^gj^^^^tig TWIN-SCREW. EXPRESS
— '■ »*"™ ■. Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, l'arls & Hamburg.
Normannla May 14 I F. Bismarck May 28
A. Victoria. May 21 | Columbia. June 4
I. Cabin, $ 95 and upward; 11. Cabin, $ 60 and $76.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
' LINE, 37 .Broadway, N. y ., or to Local Agents. -
"■ — — r~: ; i — -rr^^^^ !
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION , OF
■*-*- being one of the woxders of the wosld, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Care for Rhonmatism, lilver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS... 810 TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
I
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. W. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, 8. F.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
KESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
I" OCATKD IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
-LJ Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 460 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL modern Improvements: electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to «16 per week: only '2i^ hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFKTCH. Saratoga, Cai.
i^^alS m BeantifDl
' 0W- S I* ps HOTEL
%SB&- VENDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments. It is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's , Famous Mountain Spa!
Havk You Bef.v There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofllce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address AN D RE W JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
VJ Redwoods. N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to «14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, Bend for cir-
cular.
'- C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cai.
go to DUNCAN SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNOOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, 910 per week.
■ ' •.■■"■■ O. HOVVELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce.
LYTTON SPRINGS;
SONOMA COUNTY. *
AN IDEAL FLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; J^-mile from
station. The only genuine seltzer Springs In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
soda springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
HOME REST FOR SUMMER.
A TTR ACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT
-IV rooms: fresh fruits of all kinds, etc. For par-
ticulars and terms address Box 85, Kebastopol, CaL.
OCTAIf STEAMSKIPs;
ASTORIA AWMTLANBL
• $2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Bute of California 5ai15...... ..May 3 and 11
Columbia sails.... ...May 8 and 11
. From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
GOODALJU PERKINS A CO, fksnl. Supts.
f. if. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market set—
WHITE JiiTAR AM.
United States and Royal Mall Steamen
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown St Liverpool,
SAILINO EVKKY WJSEK../.
CABIN, $00 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- **■**
mc to. steamer an ! accommodations m£t&&
selected ; second cabin, f35 and *40; Majestic uud
Teutonic - Steerage Tickets from England, > Ire*
land, , Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to Nan Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing ' dates and cabin plans may fbe procured
from W. H. AVER Y, Pacific Mail Dork, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
uader Grand Hotel. ■ : n - U. w. FLKTCUER.
. ■.- j j@iaeralAe«flt iQiPadflQCouU.
HUSO SPRINGS, i
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, O__T-i.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and .more can be had at Highland
Springs. I
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of Ban
Francl'co.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates ara SI 50 to $2 60
per day or ?10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go •where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in ■ the sun-
shine by the surging sea,, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods I
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN K. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
• Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
Ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
■ GREAT. WING CANYON.
Iron Bprings, J.akes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ.
Napa City, Cai. ■
17 1 flflfl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If A 111 1 V County, only 4J£ hours from
\IV 11 IT IT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
I) IVnillllj staglng: new road through
"* ****** *™ ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130" Fahr
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqultos - and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at t:3O
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Bound-trip ticket only $5 50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Bates $12 a week; baths free.
. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narin Co., Cai.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
lightful climate for ramping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofflce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOR W. KRAUSS, Manager. -
JOS. F. BERT RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St.. Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
SUMMER BOARD AT BIUBANE.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
Holtt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL SUMMER HOME.
For particulars and terms address
- FRED N. SHELDEN,
. Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN KVKRY RESPECT.
R. E. RADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rntes, $7 per week. Bath and all modern con-
veniences in connection with Hotel.
IF yOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to HullvUle. P. O. address, Hnllvllle, Lake Co. CaL
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
' Broadgange Depot,
S_€L3NT Xl.-a-F.-k.KXj.
' - Summer Resort for Families.
Rates $6 to $10. ' A. BERO, Manager.
THE JORDAN BOISE, SAJ RAFAEL, CAL.
First-Class Family Boarding-House.
MRS. J. P. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. ■■ • Head of B.
OCEAN STE AMSIHFS.
COBPAGSIE TRAISATLASTIQCB
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH A**
VJ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by *£*«»
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat.* Haw Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris.
limi-cmm 9100: second^loss. 9110.
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Kup«
..May 16. 4a. v
IiATOURAINE, Capt. 8anteU1....... ....„.;.;
May 2t Hi.n
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e. ....... ......
........May 80, 4 a. K.
LA BOUKCiOG.NE, Capt. Leb >euf ..............
■ -.'■*« Li ........... ; .. ...:.: Tune 6, 7a. U
Mr For further particulars apply to
• „ -" „„ A. FORGET, Agent.
J. F. FUGAZI S Bowling Green, 6 Montgomery
avenue. Sap Francisco. eat * g.^ontywitrr
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, &*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 1 by
: AUSTRALIA. ' \JSS. AUSTRALIA.
8. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May '23, at 10 a. v. Special party rates.
a 8. MUNOWAI sails Via HONOLULU ana
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 28,
at 2 P. m. =
■ LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
B. Air. J. D. SPKECKfciLS & BROS. CO.. Agts..
• • . 1 «■:■« •■ > • 114 Montgomery at.
. X Qfflaji 3147 Market «t,^6aa.frftacUgA _
AETNA
SPRINGS
With its superb climate, its heal th-gi vine
mineral waters, its beautiful scenery, its all-
the.-comforts-of-b.ome hotel, and its big swim-
ming tank invites you to spend your vacation
within its boundaries.
WILL YOU CONE?
Terms $10 to $14 per week. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Further particulars at
318 Battery St., City, or W. L. MITCHELL,
Lidell P. P., Xnpa County, Cal.
SIXTI f ATALHA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHT FXTL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, granc
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
_n South Spring sL, Los Angeles, CaL
SODA BAY_ HOTEL.
SODA BAY, STTUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most picturesque, soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons- Hunting, fishing, boatinz and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A line bar has just
been opened. The table is snpplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $ 5 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. (5. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KeiseyvlUe, Lake County, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL
■VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS EGK -TKJE
i-' season: sail and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc: terms
reasonable. G.W.MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L VKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THS
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMINU RE-
sorts In the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
ltishlng; excellent table. For circulars and further
mormation adaress O. W. R. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Ulenbrook, Lake County, CaL
PIVERSIDK KANCH^OJTtHE BANKS OF
Xl» Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
I dociuo County; round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishinsr, hunting, buthing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, ?7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
HOTF.L DEL MAR— OX THE SEASHORE; 20
-11 minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; "suri bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses meet, all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week.: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cai., or room 29,
Maze building. S. F. ■ ■ ■ •
T AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
-Li Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasare-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 85; round trip $9 &0. Address H.
AMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
QARATOGA SPRINGS. LAKK COUNTY, CAL.
O —The most beautiful summer resort in the
State; 8 different springs: sulphur, soda, Iron,
magnesia, seltzer, eta; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class; rates $10 per week
and upward: table unexcelled; bard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR*
TENS, Bachelor Pos' office. Lake County, Cal. .
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
to*.* the round trip via s. P. K. R. and Knight's
stage line, Si. MRS. I. J. BEARS, La Honda, Cai.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. ; good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
T BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont
T ONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
JLJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
IiROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; fine shade:
Xi plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
AVHITE OAK farm, near CLOVERDALE
» » —Special attention given to table: terms $7
per week. For particulars address W. H. HIATT,
Cloverdale, Cal. •;;■' . ':■ ■'.»•...
PHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ;States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. . •
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS
BOYAI MAIL STEAfI PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPTNWAHj _QbM__
fortnightly for the West Indies and <SsM*
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ~ - -
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treat*
m to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9199 ; thiff
__HL 997 M. For further particulars apply »
•"*"• VAJBHOTT A CO., Agent*
- 306 California a*
STOCSTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier t No.^ ; W-u.hln.ton St,
Steamer from Each End Sundays.
J9S- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone, '
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J.D. p.* A _.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Say, and Impt. (Jo
FALLEJO, MARE ISLAXO^BESICIA, POUT
COSTA AIM CROCKETT. |
STK. MONTKELLO, '
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. m
and 4 p. m. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 *. Ml
•4*. m. only. Bana y-a r. X.;
.' Landing, Mliaion i. Pi« *.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
i StHMAKI OF THE MARKETS. '
I New Prices for Petroleum and Gasoline.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat very dull.
.Brewing Barley lower.
Oats. Com and Rye quiet.
Hay and Foed stuffs unchanged.
Beans Inactive.
Potatoes higher. Onions lower.
Vegetables brought better prices.
-*-' Butter steady. Cheese unchanged.
'.. Eggs rather steadier. ■
Larger assortment of Berries.
Good Cherries rule high. "■■ ■■/ £•
I Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Eastern Poultry expected to-day.
Provisions unchanged and quiet.
THE GOVERNMENT'S CASHBOX.
United ; States Treasurer D. N. Morgan reports
the amount of money on hand at the close of April
as follows: \E •
(Gold c0in....... $135,594.H3S
Gold bullion.. 23.H51,6'J1
i Silver dollars. . 374,187,554
Fractional silver coin 15.4fiP.003
f 811 ver bullion.. 1^:0.939.560
p > To- al .specie 9«7P,03.',.J76
TJni 'Hi !Si«tea notes 109,331.635
{Treasury notes of 1890 32,1-18.25.1
f Gold cert i (Scutes 764.910
j Silver certificates 11,678,091
1 Currency certificates 365,000
! National Bank notes 7,587,158
Minor etc. 1.186,336
Deposits in National Banks 2R,ti95,591
Miscellaneous 107,005
T0ta1.... .V... $868,799,657
There was a loss of $1,774,000 in specie during
the month of April. There was a net withdrawal
of 57.237.0U0 in gold coin and £1,248.000 in silver
bullion, ?nd a not addition of 93,797.000 in gold
bullion »t:-l $2,690,000 in standard dollars. There
?1,50J,U00 in standard dollars coined in April,
all of which were covered into the vaults, together
with over $1,000,000 withdrawn from circulation.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperatur- for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therm?, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word •■hleh" means high barometric prtssure and
ls usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whi-n the pressure is high in the interim
and low aiong the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
bi:twhen the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of (iregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falllm fo the California' coast, warmer
i iv summer and colder
er in winter, fhe reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
"WEATHER BURKAU REPORT.
United States Depabticknt of Agbicui>
; tubic' Weather Bdbeao, San Fbancisco,
• a May 11, 1896, 5 p. Weather conditions and
I ' general forecast :
I • ' The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
i~, as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 5037, last season 41.91: Red Bluff 21.68,
|' last season 26.25: San Francisco 20.84, last season
I ; 25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
j Obiapo 17.64, last season 25.93; Los Angeles 9.35.
last season 16.04: San Diego 6.92, last season
12.16: Vuma ,83, last season 3.01. . ; V. ,
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
I the past twenty-four hours: Eureka 58, Red Bluff
' ' 68. San Francisco 58, Fresno 72, San Luis Oblspo
60, Los Angeles 70. San Diego 68, Vuma 92.
t San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
i : minimum 53. mean 56.
• The following rainfalls are reported from Cali
fornia ■ fornia during the past twenty-four hours: Eureka
1.14 inches, Red Bluff .76 of an Inch,' San Fran-
Cisco .27 of an Inch, Fresno trace.
. • The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pacific
Slope; a rise of nearly half an inch in the past
v twenty-four hours has occurred along the coast of
Washington. The area of low pressure which ap
■'- peared last night off the northern coast moved
H rapidly inland • and is to-night merged into an ex
[> tensive low area central over the Upper Missouri
Valley. • ■ >
1 -;.., The temperature has sen generally along the
: coast and has fallen slightly over Northwestern
! Nevada. .- It has risen .from 8 to 12 degrees
throughout Western Arizona and Southern Utah.
. ;,. The weather to-night Is generally clear over the
f Pacific Slope with the exception of light rain at
Portland. Rain fell during the early hours of the
■ day at nearly every station north of the thirty
fifth parallel and west of the one hundred and
< ; tenth meridian. . The conditions are favorable for
fair weather to-night and -Tuesday. The clear
: I skies and marked rise in pressure may result In
ft much CDlaer weather in the valleys of California
• ■ to-night and Tuesday, but frost is hardly probable.
'--} Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 12, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: cooler to-
I lilcht in the valleys: fresh westerly winds.
r i* Southern California — Fair Tuesday fresh west
. erly winds. ■'■
ffla Nevada— Tuesday. .
; * -Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler in northwestern
• v portion. / ' .
I■-'-,.I ■-'- Arizona— Fair Tuesday; cooler In northwestern
- portion. . ■ '
: V 4 -i San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday: fresh
i >. westrly winds. ' Alkxanukk G. McAdie,
. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
J.VnEW YORK, N. V., May 11.— London set
' 1 the pace for local operators this morning the fear
Financial.
: YORK, N. V., May ll.—London set
:e for local operators this morning the fear
L/'of the condemnation of the Americans who were
I on the Competitor might lead to serious trouble
t -": between ; the '.United States and Spain, weakened i
; can securities in London and caused a feel
; ~ Ing of hesitancy on the afternoon speculations.
I i The bears, of course, made the most of the news
i': and hammered the market vigorously in the early
: trading, but the trading was on so small a scale
ij that ■ the movements in leading shares had no
"•'. special ■ significance. Considering . the fact that
I,. over 92,000.000 in gold was taken for shipment
'■ to Europe to-morrow and that the street Is disap
-1 pointed about the refusal of McKlntey to declare
( -himself in emphatic terms on the currency ques
tion, the decline in prices was comparatively
i slight. ■. / . • •
/■.■-■n The losses in the general list were only 1/4 to %
I > per cent, but Chicago Gas yielded 14, Bay State
' 2 Gas : 2. Consolidated Gas 4Vi and Buffalo, Roch
ester and Pittsburg preferred . i'% per cent. 1 Dur-
S;*ing. the afternoon, on advices from Washington
< - that the Spanish Government at the request of the
I X nlted States Government, had decided to post-
J pone action on the Competitor case, the whole list
I strengthened , and an advance of 14 to 2 per cent
{ * from- the lowest ■, figures of the . morning .was
recorded. Tobacco led the upward movement,
\r rising from 64 to 66, mainly on purchases to cover
< short contracts. • Sugar, Leather preferred and the
S '■'•Grangers rallied. considerable, but shortly before
the close another raid was mode and a part of the
« "Improvement lost. • .  , ■ .
Wfy The market left off rather weak in tone. Net
C changes snow losses of anywhere from 4 to 414 per
(■ cent, Louisville and Nashville leading. Tobacco was
•! an exception and sained 1 per cent. Total sales,
)<• 163,160 shares. .
j 'fri Bonds were ; weak and lower. . Sales footed up
- • $9 49,000- /Atchlson general, fours fell to 17%;
i '■ do 1- adjustment, . fours, 1% to 40: Chicago and
f Northern Pacific: five*, 1 to 45; Wabush deben-
H• - ture, series B. 2, to 24: Wisconsin fives, certifi
cates, i/i to 39, and Northern Pacific Consolidated
byes. assented, % to 4934.
i L-i:T In Government bonds, $83,000 Of coupon fours
Si/Of 1895 sold; at: $117%: 94000 of ; 1907- at f 110
and 92000 of regular fours of 1907 at $109y 8 .
Grain.
•FLOUR— DuII, easy; winter wheat. How grades,
BfS 'J«J@3 00: do fair to fancy, 92 65(^3 85; do pat
:: ent*, 93 90<2>4 20: Minnesota clears. %l 50(<i3 15: do
>-" straights,; $3 00@3 60; do patents, 93 45@4 36:
low extra, 92 205,3 00; city mills, 94 10<a4 Hi; do
•••^paAMii-B",' *4 30@4 60: rye mixture, $2 50@3 60'
- ! suporlii.e, ?2 00@2 35:. fine,- 92 00@2 30. South
er* flour, easy, dull; common to fair extra, 92 40
(a. 00 ; good to choice, 93 00@3 30. ■ Rye flour
• cull, easy, $2 4U@2 85. Buckwheat » flour, $120.
BUCKWHEAT— 4O@42c. : . i.
co.KNMKAL — Quiet, easy; yellow Western,
1 *2 06@2 10: Brandvwine,92 16. •:t> «i ,?. ; -■
RYE— Nominal; No. 2 Western, 40@44%c.
•' BARLEY— Steady ; ungraded Western, 39(a41c.
BARLEY -Nominal; Western. 48@53c.
. WHEAT— Spot market moderately active,
weaker: I. 0. b. 788'8<" to arrive; ungraded red, 71
@80c; No. 1 Northern, 71% cto arrive.
Options weak at ' c to lc decline on easier ca
bles, increase on passage, weak west and local
realizing, with speculators holding oft for the Gov
ernment report. July and May most active, No.
2 red, May and June 69c: July 69s/ Bet8 ct
September, 69% c: December, 71 Vie
Stocks of grain store and afloat May 9: Wheat,
873,550: corn. 955,160: oats. 1,400,900; rye,
9000; barley. 519: malt, 116,700 bushels.
CORN — Dull. 1/4 C lower. No. 2, Sss/ 8 c elevator;
Se-" 1 ).<• afloat. "
Options were dull and steady at V«c to %c de
cline, following the West: M»v and September
most active. May 3554 c; July, 36ygC; September,
871 iC
OATS— Quiet, steady.
• Options anil, easier: May, 24% c; July, 24% c.
Spot prices: - No. 2. 25c: .\u. 2 white,; '.'Be;
N0.2 Chicago. 26c: N0.3, 24c: No. 3 white. ■•;
mixed Westtru, 251i526c; white do and white State.
* FEED* BRAN-57%@62%c.
FKKU P.RAN- 57iA(S62ViC
MIDDLINGS.— 6S@7Oc.
RYE— easier, 65c.
Provision*.
BEEF— Quiet, steady; family, 50@ll; extra
mess. $7@B: beef hams, inactive. $14 60@15;
tierced beef, quiet: city extra India mess. $l4@
15 50; cut meats slow and weak: pickled bellies,
I 12 pounds, 4%c; do shoulders, 4%c; do hams,
j 9@9%c.
\ I.a'kd— Dull ami easy: Western. S4 90: city,
$4 25; May. $4 85; Refined, slow; continent,
75 25: South American. *:> 60: compound, 4V4@
4%c.
PORK— DuII, weak; old mess, $9@9 50; new
mess, $11.
BUTTER- steady, moderate- demand: State
dairy. 8@15%c; do creamery.- ll@16c: Western
dairy, 7(a>llc: do creamery, ll@15c: do held,
9@llc; do factory, 7fa)-10c; Kleins, 16c; imi
tation creamery, 9%@12c
CllEEsE— Moderate demand: State large, old,
6@9%c; do new, G3i'ds»;c: do small, oW, 4%@
10c; part skims, old, 3^-l%c; do, new, 2®sc; full
skims, 2@2%c. ' ' *t*v-
EGGS— Moderately active, fairly steady: State
and. Pennsylvania. 10@12c; Southern. B@BV2c;
Western, fresh. 9@10%c; do vase, *1 60@l 90.
TALLOW— Quiet, unsettled; city, Ac: country,
3Vi@»aic.
COTTuNSEED OIL— Dull: crude. 21@21%e:
yellow, prime. 2&Vi@26%c; do oil grade, 251/4®
2&Vac •
KtlHlN— Dull, easy; strained common to good,
$1 85@1 90.
TU KPENTINK— NominaI: 27Vi@27%c.
POTATOES— Easy.
RICE— Domestic, fair to extra. S@s%c;
Japan, 3@4i4c.
MOLAS-Es— Moderately active, firm: New Or
leans open Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Firm: unchanged to 15 points up.
May. $13 15@13 25; .Tune.9l2 65@12 75: July,
$12 65; September, $11 50@ll 55: October,
$11 15@11 25; December, 10 75@10 80: March,
$10 65. spot Rio, firm, quiet; No. 7. 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, firm: fair refining. 3%-:
cer.trifucals. 96 test. 4 14 c: refined quiet, off A. 4
11-16@5c: mold A, 6& c; standard A, 5S' 8 c; con
fectioners' A, 51/4 C; cut loaf. 6c: cruslieri, 6c;
powdered and granulated, 63/gC; cubes, 6%c
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS—NominaI.
WA I.MTS-Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags. B%®llc.
PEACHES— Reeled, V Ib, 10@12c; do on-
rlta, 6@7c. - ■
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. So: three
crown do. 3%<S4c: four-crown do, 4%@5c; do
London layers, 90c@$l. : ' .
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 2->£<aßc:
Pacific Coast. 2JU.@7c.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece. 15(321c; pulled
16@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*10 75@13 60.
COPPER— Dull: Lake. 910 75.310 87%.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. *3 Ob.
TIN-Quiet: straits. 913 35@13 40; plates fair
demand. I
SPELTER-Quiet; domestic. 94 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Im.. May 11.— The prevalence of !
hot weather throughout the West as a menace to
the growing vegetation had a strengthening effect
on the tone of the wheat market this morning, but j
prices failed to reach a higher point than was es- j
tablished at the opening. When the Weather I
Bureau's predictions of rains and showers from !
the Mississippi to the Rocky Mountains were is
sued values fell with rapidity and all buying en
thustaTKU disappeared/ The weather was the main
factor in the market and will continue so for some
time. Liverpool cables were steady at i*d decline.
Receipts in the Northwest were 379 cars, against
479 last Monday and 237 a year ago.
Chicago received fourteen cars and inspected out
160,441 bushels. The expectation was that the
Government report would show from four to six I
points improvement . in winter wheat for the !
month. The visible supply decreased 1,519,000
bushels, the amount on ocean passage Increased
969,000 bushels and the English visible supply de
creased 982.000 bushels. The world's shipments
were 8,714,000 bushels. Paris and Antwerp clos
ing cables gavo slight advances, while Berlin
quoted Vi to 33, i marks decline. Export clear
ances were 195,500 bushels. July wheat opened
from 64c. t0 643/ B e, declined to 62% c, closing at
6'S\'^d.6'3 1 «j's c under Saturday, Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 23 cars.
CORN— Offered nothing interesting in its trade.
While the feeling at the start was firm It was not
so on the individual merit of the train, but through
sympathy with wheat, and when the market for
the latter declined, nothing remained to support
prices or sustain the tone. Receipts were 104 cars
and 221.626 bushels were taken from store. Liver
pool cables were dull and unchanged. The visible
supply decreased 982.000 bushels and the amount
on ocean passage increased 320,000 bushels. Ex
port clearances amounted to 228,871 bushels.
July corn opened from 50%@30%c, declined to
30 -, closing at 20Vsc, %c under Saturday. Esti
mated recelp s for to-morrow 215 cars.
' OATS— Were higher at the opening, but the gain
was not retained for long. Wheat and corn show
ing sinking tendencies, oats were imbued with a
like feeling through sympathy. Receipts were
! 144 cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
The visible supply aecreased 3*8,000 bushels.
July oats closed Vi@3/ <c under Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 220 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 86c; July, 85% c;
September, 87 Vie. Receipts were 16 cars.
. PROVISIONS— in product were in a
despondent mood. The hog receipts were very
heavy, the tone of grain depressing and specula
tion lifeless. . Prices were weak and declining on
the influences mentioned. July pork closed 5@
7%c lower: July lard unchanged, and July ribs a
shade lower.
BUTTER— Was easier to-day than It closed last
week. Receipts were liberal, and there was con
siderable carried over. The demaod was only fair.
Creameries -Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14%c: sec
onds, ll@13c: Imitations, fancy, 10@Hc. Dairies
.Extras, 12%@lac; firsts. lt%llc: seconds. 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock, 7c. . .
EGGS— Were in large supply and poor demand.
Weakness was the chief feature of the market.
Fresh stock, B(SB%c.
MONEY— Was b% on call and 6@7X on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 50c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— Mav. 6l 34@6iy 8 c; July, 63V B @63iAc;
September, 637 B @64c.
CORN— May . s:B%c; July. 30y 8 c; Septem
ber, 31V«@<)ls/ 9 c. .
OATS— May. 18«/sc;' July, 198/ 8 c; September,
PUKK— JuIy, 97 62%: September, 97 77%.
LARD— JuIy. 94 62%; September. *4 77%.
RIBS-July, 94 07%: September, 94 20.
Livestock. . ' .
UNION STOCKYARDS, lv., May 11.—
run of cattle to-day was large, and there was natur
ally some weakness on that ■ account, but the
market was fairly active and prices were only 5@
10c lower. The supply of hogs was heavy. There
was a fair packing demand, but the large offerinca
caused a decline of 6@loc. On a good demand
sheep were firm, and in some cases 5c higher.
CATTLE — Receipts. 18,000. Fancy beeves.
94 35@4 45; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, 94 15(a!* 30: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. 93 95@4 10: medium steers, 1000
to 1 400 pounds, 93 75@3 90: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 5 (gu'6 70: choice feeders.
900 to 1170 pound*. 93 76@4; common to choice
stociters. 92 85@,3 70: bulls and stags, choice to
extra, 92 85@3 25 : bulls, poor to choice, 92 2,Vg)
'2 80: cows and heifers, extra. 93 75@4 cows, fair
to choice, *2 40@3 70:, cows, common to. fair,
91 60@2 35: calves, good to choice. 94 00
(a.4 60; calves, common to good, 93©:-! 90; Texas
grass steers, 92 75fa,3 30: Texas fed steers. 93 40
($3 90: Texas cows and bulls. 92 40@3 40; milkers
ana springers, per head, 920@40. . .■■..
HOGS— Receipts. 40,000. ■ Heavy packers, S3 20
($3 40: common to choice mixed.' S3 20(0.3 47%;
choice assorted. 93 45<&3 55; light, 93 30&3 65:
pigs. 92 70&3 50. '
aHEKP— Receipts. 15,000. Interior to choice,
f 2 50iii4 ; lambs. 93 50*5 05.
ELGIN BUTTER.
ELGIN. lIL. May 11.— The butter market to-day
was steady. There were 37,000 pounds sold at
16c; 10,000 pounds at 1 s Vie.
.NEW YOHK STOCKS.
Bonds, Kicfisnge, Money and Railroad
Share*. .
Money on rail easy at 2%@3% ': last loan at 3%;
and closing offered at 3%. ~ frinM mercantile paper,
6@5%^ Bar silver, 67%5. Mexican- dollars,
633/, c. • Sterling exchange dull and easier, with
actual business in cankers' tails a; 94 h73/4@4 88
for 60 days and 94 BM/4.@4 89 for demand. ' Poatea
rat»«. *4 88%<#* 89%. Commercial bills. SI IMb,
in 4 87V4- Government bonds easier; Stale bonus
dull: railroad bonds lower. Silver at the board
was steady. - . • ■ . . ■
. • CLOSING STOCKS. ■
Am Tel A Cable.... ■03 1 Norfolk A West i,i
Atchlsoru; *4% !.- Preferred... ;...„" 4
■ Preferred 2 i^4; Northern Paclflo.. ba,
Adams Express.. .l4B I Preferred. 12
Alton.TerreHaat*. 65 |Nortnweatsrn. 104
American Express.ll3 1 ' Preferred.. 147
American Tobacco. 65V4 T . Y. Central . 8714
Preferred . ; ; ... .. 97 X. Y. ChicagoAß.ll 13
Bay BtateUas 27 8 ,1st preferred..... 7« ■■.
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17V4! - id Preferred...... 3314
hruuawiclt Lands- % X.Y.& N. U ......173
Buffalo. Roch AP. 2 1 1/4 N. . New Ens. 60
Canada Pacific... 6914 N. Y. busq A. W— 9
Canada Southern.. *•%] Preferred.... ..... 23
Canton i*Dd....._ 60 i/ s Ontario. /I3IA
Central Pacific... 14% untarloi Western. 14
I be». A Ohio. 16 Oregon Improvmt. 1 t
Chicago A1t0n..... 154; Preferreu. ..— .
; Preierrea.. ....... 170 lOiegoaKaTifttlon. 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
Chicago. B. A a. ... 79%! Oregon Short Urn. 7%
Chicago AE. 111... 41 MaU.......i 26
Preferred. ....... 99 l i I'eona. D.A Evans. 2%
Clilcagouaa. ....... 87*4 l Plttsburg & W ptd. 16 .
CleveA Plttsburg. 18 I Pullman Pa1aca.,.157 :
Consolidation Coai. .0 wnicksll»er-.....« lVi
Consolidated Uaa..l.">7^ Preferred. _ 15
C.C.C. A St. Louu. 3< Beaaing 1
'Preferreu......... 81 liioGrande&Westa 18
Cola Fuel A Iron.. HfW Prelerred.....^.... 4 1
Preferred <»0 Bock Island t <i9Vfc
Cotton Oil Cert.... 13% Rome Wat AOgdeaHi^l/4
Commercial Cable. 150 N. L. AS. V* 4%
Del. Hudson 123 Preferred... 10%
Del.LackAWesternl 1 ft. Paul. — 76%
Denver AR. U... M 121- Preferred. ........ 127
• Preferred. 47 " Bt. Paul A DnlnUa. 21
Dl»lUler» «. 17M Preferred ....... 86'
Otuerai j£l*ctno... SiC t Hi. Paul A Omaha- 4-Vi
trie 14 Preferred 123
Preferred «714 **■ P. M. A M. 11*
fort Wayne 160 silver Certincatet.. 6<%
(ireatXortbernptO.lls southern i'acllla.. 19
'■rn-nli»y . it, -uuintni iL U..._ 9
llar:em 295 Preferred. - 29Vs
Hocking coal 2U sugar Refinery....
Hocking Valley... 6 Preferred. 103
Homestake 31 Term. Coal A Iron. ajVi
11. A Texas Cent.. 2% Preferred 100
Illinois central.... 95% Texas Paclßo ■ °Va
lowa Central... 81/4 101.A.A.A N.M.100.— ■
Preferred.... „.„ 3^ 1 01. A Ohio Con-.. 3^ .
Kansas (S. Texas., lii.i' Preferred 73
Preferred 2.-, i/ 8 lol.St.Louls AK.Q, 6%
Kingston A Pern... 3 • Preferred «
Ju»kn Erie <£ Wesia 171/., Union Paclflo • -*4
Preferred 69% L P.. Den. A Ualt »%
Uto bhore 149 t .6. Cordage.- .-,.. 4%
National Lead 35Vi' Preferred 9%
Prelerred jii*/. Guaranteed...... 1'
Longlslana fco I. Express.. — 40
Louisville a Mash. 4*34 L. X leather — 9
JLoussvUle CO. • 9s? Preferred. - 63%
Preferred .0 V. S. RnDber m 23%
Manhattan Consoi. IOHS4 Preferred. - 79
Mempnis A CharU. 16 Utlca AB. River.. lso
Mexican Central... gs/l Wan. B. L. A Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 843J Preferred. 17%
Minn A s. l. __ ' I Wells-Farsto. — 97
Preferred. __ ! Western l'dioo... 85
Minn. A St. com. is W is Central - 1
Ist preferred th Wheeling aUE~ 9%
2d preferred BO Preferred. ■ 86
Missouri j'acitlo.... zsiA Am Cotton OU pfa. 68%
Mobile A Ohio )hx, 8 W U Beef 7%
Nashville Chan.... fiß ' JAnn Arbor 9%
National Linseed.. 17%' Preferred 26%
K. J. Central 3*3 * Brooklyn Traction. 2Ki^j
Nonh American... 6%Krie2d pfd 19%
CLOBINO BONDS.
CP4s.res 108841 M k t 2ds 68
Do, ** coupon... 110 i Do. 4«. Bti
V t* 45newreg.....11t57' 8 Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon. .. 1 1..: X N J Cent Gen 65.. .119
Do. 2s 94V, Northern Pao 15t5.116%
Do, 6s 11^%i Do, 2ds 113
Da 6s counon.. ', Da 80s 72
Cherokee 4s. 1890. iOO Northwest Consols. 138%
D 0.189- 100 I Do. deb Bs» 107
Do. 1898... 100 OR AN lsU 1"9
Do. 1899 100 BtLAlronMtaentit 78%
FBdnc 6s 0f '95....— — bt L A 8 F Gun 6s. 1 1«%
D. C. 3-6 6s 109 Vi Ft Panl Consols ...130%
Ala Class A 4 lt)6 bt. P. C. *Pa lsta. 118
Da Class B 4, 6s. 10 Do. Pae Cal iks-HO
LaConaoi4s. 97 Southern K. R. Os. 92%
Missouri undine— - Texas Pacific flnu 89%
N Carolina con 65.. 126 ! Texas Pac seconds. 22%
Do, 48 105 L'nionPaclstorgO.lo3
So Carolina 4^»... 106. West Shore 4s 106
'Kiiii new ,ts 84 | Mobile A Ohio 4a.. 86V8
Vc funding deoc... 61 I R West Ist* 76
fo. rejt — ChesAOss 107%
, i>o. deferred «5. .. 5 Atchlson 4s 78&5
Da trust rents st 6 Do. 'ids a.. 40
Canada Bouth 104 % OHA 8 A 6a...... 105
Cen Pac lstsof '9s 101% Do. 2d 7s. 101
■UnAßlilst 110 HA Tex Centos.. 109
***>■** 8!Ml Do.con6s 100
* trte2 «l» H>' 2 Reading 4s 79V4
iiauuuj Pa Consols 73VtMie»ouri «J«. ...„,. 100
*»*-»ibu Dendlvlll I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVKRPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.. May 11.— The spot market
Is steady at 6s 6d@ss 6d. Cargoes steady at 27s 6d,
on passage, sellers.
FUTCBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: May
• r >s 31 4 .i; June. 5s 3%d; July, 63 3%d: August, 6s
3%d; September, 5s 4d.
SECURITIKS.
LONDON, Eso.. May 11 Consols, 111%;
811 ver, 3ld: French Rentes, 1021 96c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 94 881/4
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 89VI
Sterling Cables 94 89% 490
.New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. %4 ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars 5384 54 /o
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The E. Raeclo takes for Liverpool
36.280 ctls, valued at 939.000.
The market continues neglected and nominal.
No. 1, $1 07%@l Ons,i t* ctl: cuolce, 91 10: lower
graded, $1(^1 O0I.4: extra choice for milling, 91 16
©1 22%.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock— December—
800 tons. 91 05%. •
Kkhiij.au Miikxiso Skssion— December— loo
tons. 91 058/4; 100. si 05% .
Aftebnoon session — December— 2oo tons,
91 053.4; 100, 91 05-yH. seller '96, new, storage
paid-100, *1 02%; 100. $1 02 y 8
BARLEY— Shipment 1,1 61 ells Brewing, valued
at £13.81)0, to Liverpool.- The foreign demand for
Brewing has about ceased and the market Is dull
and lower in consequence. Feed, 71Via733,ic:
choice, 76c; Brewing, 80@87%&
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— sales.
Beodlab Morning Session— December— 200
tons, 74c , ; . .
AriKßNoos Session— No sales. " •
- OATS— market is flat ana prices have not
changed for a long time. Milling. 75@82%c; fancy
Feed, 82%@87%c: good to choice. 76@80c; com
mon to fair, 67%@72%: Gray, 72%®80c: Sur
prise. 90c(<S$l ■? cii.
CORN— Hardly any qnslness reported. Large
Yellow, 883 + <§)91V4c; Small Kound do, 87%c@?1:
White. 85<gi9Oe %* 5l
KYK — Dull and unchanged at 76Vi@78» / ic * ctl
FLOUR AND MILIiSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75@3 85 bbl: Bakers' extras, 93 55@3 65;
superfine. »2 75®3.
COKXMEAL, ETC.— Corn, 920@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 f( ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
284.C; Rye Flour. 3V4c: Rice Flour. 7%c:' Corn
meal, 23 /4 @3c; extra cream do, 3 c; Oatmeal
3:i 4 c; OaiUroats, 4%c: Homlnv, 4fg»4V 3 C; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%0; Farina.
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic-
Pearl Barley, '4%c: Split Peas, 4«/ 4 c; Green Uo,'
6ViC 1* lb.
HAY AND PEKDSTUPF3.
BRAN— 14@16 60 ton.
MIDDLINGS— 9I6&I7 9 ton for lower grades
and 917 60@18 50 %i ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, 916@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 a ton; jobbing 921-'
Cottonseed Oilcake, 921 %4 ion. '
HAY— No change to report. Wheat Is quotable
atsß@ll 50 ? ton: Oat, »7<<l9 «l ton : Wheat and
Oat, 98®11: Barley, 97(g)9: Alfalfa, *7@9; Clover
9ti<S7 60: Compressed Oat, S6 50@8; Compressed
Wheat, 97@10 50; Stock, 96@7 iTton.
BTRAW-30@50c %« bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— are quotable at Boc@9l ft ctl •
Small Whites, 91 25@1'40 $ ctl; Pea, 91 25®
145 ctl: targe Whites. Cl@l 15 "f, ctl: Pink,
85@97%c; Keds, 91 25: Blackeye. *1 4orai 65 :
Red Kidney, 91 60(g,l 65; Lima* 92 60@2 75-
Butters, 91 40@l 60 for small and 91 26®1 50 for
large. ' . .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at 91 60
@2 25 $ ctl; Trieste. $2@2 50 a ctl: Yel
low Mustard, 91 40@l 60; Flax, 91 70@l 80; Ca
nary, v*B4c «« ib; Alfalfa, 7i£@9Vic * ft: Rape
2 Vic «» tb; Hemp, 3y 2 c ift tt>.
DRIED PEAS-91 26@1 40 * ctl for Nlles and
91 25(^1 46 tor Ureen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId are advancing and are vorv
firm. New Potatoes are quotable at 75c@91
%i ctl; River Burbanks, 45@50c; Oregon Bur
banks, 65@80c: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70@85c-
Early Rose, 66©. 6c; Petaluma and Toaiales. 65
@70c V ctl; llumboldt Burbanks. 60@76c D ctl.
ONIONS— Are lower at 91 50@l 75. New Onions
have a wider range at 65@90c %4 ctl.
VEGETABLES- Arrivals were 610 boxes As
paragus, 98 boxes Rhubarb and 653 sacks Peas. :
Rhubarb sold higher under small receipts and
Green Peas also did better. Asparagus was firm.
- Summer Squash, Hie %* Ib; Egg Plant, •$ ft.*
Los Angeles Tomatoes, f l(Sil 25 ,^ box: Mexi
can Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 Ik box: Cucumbers, 76c
(6,91 if* doz: Asparagus, 91 25©2 25 box for ordi
nary and 92 50<§>3 for extra: Rhubarb, 40e<y>*l-
Dried ■ Peppers, 7@9c: Green -Peppers, 10@15c:
Green Peas. 91 26@1 60 $ Hack for common and
91 60 sack for Garden; String Beans, 7@llc'a Ib-
Horse Beans, 36@50c '%•, sack; Dried Okra. 12% c:
new Cabbage, 40c V ctl; Garlic, 4%@5c V &>.
. MUTTER, CHEESE AND ' EGGS.
BUTTER— Steady. The Eastern market Is doing
better. • ' '■ '
creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13%c
Dairy— Fancy, 1 81: good to choice, 12<ai2i£c:
lower grades, ll@ll%c. • • . ■ w 7?- f
CIIEESK— Fancy mild new Is quotable at 7@
7Vac f* Ib: common to good, 6%c; Cream Cheddar,
10(r}iic lb; Young America, B@9c «* &>: West
ern. lO^llc; Eastern. 12@13%c
EGGS— Receipts were Tighter, the market was
steadier and dealers were disposed to bo firm.
Small sales of ranch at 13V 3 c are being made.
Oreeon Eggs, ll@U%c i* dozen; Eastern Eggs
ll@l]%c: Store Eggs, ll®12c:. ranch Eggs, 12
@13c; Duck Eggs, 14@15c V dozen. ■
, POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— car of Eastern Is expected to-day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 15@16c V &> for
Gobblers, 13@14c for Hens: Geese, it pair. 91 25« a
1 60: Goslings, 91 60@l 76; Ducks, 94<g>5 for old
and 95«57 for young: Hens, 93 60@4 60; Roosters,
young, J?ti 60<0,8 %i doz: do, old, $4@4 60: Fryers
96 50@6; Broilers. 94@5 50 for large and 92@3 60
for small; Pigeons, $1 - &o@l'< 75 for young - and
$1 60(4il 76 forold. .«..•■.'.. :_-:._. ..". , r . ; .
GAME— Hare, 50@75c: Rabbits, ; SI 26 lor Cot
loatalls and »I@l 25 9 aoz for email.
. ECIDCOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
446 boxes, selling at 60@75c for White and Red
and 91 25@2 25 V box for Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of . Strawberries were 206
chests, selling at 9"@10 chest for Longworths
and *4(<i6 for larpe berries. ■
Gooseberries. 35®40c ■$ drawer and 3U,®4c » 2)
In sacks. • /"^ r
< Raspberries, $I@l 25 V drawer. . "
Blackberries from Southern;Californla, 92 26 fi
Currants. $1 t> box. '■
- CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges, 91 35g&2 for Seed
lings ? 5 i ) 4 for Navels, $1 76 2 7° for Malta
Bloods and $1 50(3)2 60 for Mediterranean Sweets:
Lemons, 75c<g>*l 25 tor common and 91 60®-' 50
for good to choice: Mexican Lime*. $5 60; Ba
nanas, f I@J •& bunch; Pineapples, 93@6 %i dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS. NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload LoTs-Apples, l%@2c ft ib for quar
tered, -c for sliced and 4@4i /i e fore vaDorated;
reaches, 2»i@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6W,©'
8c for prime 10 choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc"$
H",i Lrt an SL^. . par ' £: Fi « s - black. 2V-c Tor un
pressed; White Figs, 4c In Backs: Pears, 7c »
£ for evaporated halves, 3%@6c Ib for quarters:
Prunes, t @SV *"' Plums, 3U,c » Ib for pitted and i
for unpltted: Nectarines. 3%®5c »i Ib for,
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy < -r
JoBBfXQ r^ Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
#fl.; snn-arieil. ii / ,a2c: Peaches,' :i'44c and sra,6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 1 1 & 1 i u>c ; Prunes. 4c
Or In« r o . ,'. Zes> 5 ® 6 Vic for 4O(a>sO's" and 4%©5 c
in^ii® 6 « *'• A P r 'cots. «Vo@9c for prime to choice
M°-f£ i/. Or fl 5H? y Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
>' It< ' FlgS> B@sc: Pears 8 = $Ib for evapor
- 1,0, 0 ha i ve " i and 4(a7i/jc for quarters; Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and 1&1% c for unpltted; Nec
tar nes. 4®sc 9 m for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3340 V- a,; 3-crown. loose, 2%c: 3
crown. 2c; seeuiess sultanas, 3%@3%c: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@-23 / i C ; three-crown London layers
C ißJr? x .L clusters - 91 35 1 50: Dehesa clusters.
$2 10@2 25; imperial clusters, 92 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes. — f, tb. **
.iciiiniN.i PRicKs-Four-crown loose, 3%e: 3
crown, 23 / c: 2-crown, 2i4@2V-c. seedless Sul
tanas, 4c •# Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 8c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, 91 50@l 75:
Dfhesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, *3 75;
Dried Grapes. .
NUTS- Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll($13c » Ib for paper-shell, Job
bing lots: Almonds, 6@7%c fl &> for Languedoc
and B%@locfor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 5%
(d) ,c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California; Hick
ory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished- Filberts. B@9c; Brazil Nuts. 9@loc ■$
tb: Cocoanuts, 94 sOi'as V 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ¥ lb for
bright and B@9c "$ ft, for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5@5%c » lb; light amber ex
tracted. 4Vi343ic; dark umber. 4c; dark, 2@3C.
BKESWaX— ft lb. • -
PKOVIMONS.
CURED MEATS— 6c ?» Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c f) tti for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c "$ tb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c $ ib;
Mess Beef, $7 60@8; extra mess do,fß 50@9: fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9: extra
clear. *14 bbl: mess, $12 * bbl; SmoKed Beef,
10c t' ">-
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6*4 c * Ib
for compound and 684 c for pure; pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 61 40 tor compound and bV*c for
Diire: half-bbls, 6V*@o%c: 10- n> tins, 71/40; do 6-tt),
? 8 /i c %i ib.
CO'I'TuLKNE— 63/io In tierces and 7%c V tt> In
10- tins. - >-.*•»•<
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers are
quotable at 6%@7c f, Ib: culls and brands, 5%@
60 ■ : lb: medium. s%@Bc; culls and brands, 4%
(<£sc: light, 6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
V Ib: culls and brands, 4c; salted Kin, 4c '$ ib;
sailed Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, sc: dry Hides, 9
<S>loc; culls and brands. 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7@Hc; cuiiA. 5(a.6c: dry Calf. 16c; cull«. 10c; Goat
skins. 20W35c each; Kids. sc: Deerskins, (rood
Bummer,2s@3oc: medium, 15@'J5c; winter, 9@»10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool.
2O@3sceach: medium, 40@50c each; ions wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about 1 ->c less.
TALLOW — No. 1, rendered, 3»/4@3"%c; No. 2, Sc;
refined, 6%@55 / ic: Grease. 2%c & lb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c; Ban Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c > tt>:
»an Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7(sßc; San
Joaquln, year's tleece, 4M.@6VaC
UOPS-2@4c |1 lb. ■
GKNIiItAL BIISKCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 100
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 20@4 25: San Quen
tin, 94 20: Wool Bass, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, ( 8 V ton: New Wellington,
$8 V ton: Soutnlield Wellington, $7 60 > ton;
Seattle. «siss 60; Bryant. #5: Coos Hay, 9 4 50:
Wallsend. »6 60; Scotch, *7 50: Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, $13 50 In bulk and "sls in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, *11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gat« and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, 910 60 In bulk and 912 50 9 ton in
sacks.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE— The Standard Oil
1 ompany announces a new price list as follows:
Water-white Coal oil. in bulk. 12% c; Pearl Oil, in
cases 19c; Astral, do, 19c: Star, do, 19c: Extra
Star oil. in cases, 23c: Elaine, do, 24c: Kocen •, Jo.
21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, l4i™c:
do. In cases, 20c; 63° Deodorized Naphtha, in buttc,
i:;%c: 63° do. in cases, 19c; 86° Gasoline. In bulk,
20c: 86 s do. In cases, 25c ft gal. These prices
show very little change from previous prices. -
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 5 V«c;
Confectioneis' A, 6^ic; Magnolia A. 51/40: Extra
C, .6 Vfec; . Golden C, 6c; half-barrels, Vi more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbla, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
* gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6«.5V4C; second do, 4%@
4S /4 c; third do, 3%@4c Ib.
VEAL— Large, 6<g;6c; small, 6@7c tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c; Ewes. 4%@5c
V Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6%0 fi tb.
PORK— Hogs, SVi@3S/ 8 c %i lb for large and
3%@3y 8 c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@t>s/ic «* lb. ;■:;>
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
floor. or. ek5....~ 3991 Straw, t0n5........ 19
Oregon 8,735 Butter, ctH 223
Washington 3,l2Bicbeese. ctls. 33
Wheat, cUs.. 5.550 Epgs. doi 10,140
Washington 3,465 Hides, no „ 238
Barley, ....... 8,610 i'elts. Ddls.. _...>». 376
Oats, ctls. „ 2 Wool bis 248
Ogden 415 Oregon 41
Washington 2,751 Leather, rolls.. .._ 8
Corn, ctls 1,170 Wine, gals 68,700
Beans, 5ka......... 7,923 Lime, bbls M 120
Potatoes, sks — ... 1.1K9 Tallow, ctls 4
Oregon.. 6,oß4 Quicksilver, ttasKs 65
Onions, ska 156'IIops, 1>15..... ...... 40
Oregon 105 Mustard Seed, ska 416
Bran. vies.. _ XOOFlaxseed.Wsh.sk ' 697
Oregon 33) Lumber. M feet... 10
Middling!, 5k5..... 2to Paper, reams 1.760
Hay, tons. 8721
THE STOCK MARKET
Mining Shares Make Another General
Advanre.
Mining stocks were higher again yesterday and
trading was very active, particularly on the noon
Informal session, when Chollar touched 92 50 un
der sales of 4900 shares; Potosi 91 26, 5700 share s;
Con. Cal. t Va. 93 20, 3820 shares; Ophir 92 05,
2700 shares; Savage 75c, 6950 shares; Hale & Nor
cross 91 65, 3600 shares: Best & Belcher 91 25,
1860 shares; Occidental 9195. 6160 shares, and
so on.
Still higher prices were reached on the after
noon call, though business was lighter. Chollar
touched 92 75. Potosi 91 50, Union 91 05, Con. Cal.
& Va. f3 50. Ophir 92 46, Sierra Nevada 91 36,
Best & Belcher 91 65, HaJe & Norcross 91 80, Oc
cidental 91 95, etc. These were the highest figures
touched since the current rise began, and all stocks
shared the advance. After the afternoon call the
market was Irregular, some stocks advancing still
further and others declining, aa will be seen by the
closing quotations.
The Alpha Con. assessment falls delinquent in
office to-day.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as fol
lows:
Oi-hib— On the 1000 level, west crosscut 1,
70 feet north from the south boundary Hue of the
mine, has been advanced 30 feet, passing through
porphyry carrying seams of clay and lines of
auartz, the latter assaying 91 and 92 per ton; total
length, 240 feet. The west crosscut from the north
drift on this level, 230 feet from the south bound
ary of the Mexican mine, has been extended to a
total length of 339 feet, passing through porphyry
carrying clay seams. From the openings north
west and upward from the hIII floor of the old Cen
tral tunnel in the Ophlr ground we continue to fol
low streaks of ore and saved therefrom durlug the
past week 14 tons, assaying 936 62 per ton.
Hai.k <fe Norcross — There is no material
change In the stopes above the 975 level, and the
repairs continue on the 1100 level. Have shipped
to the Dazet mill during the week out of the new
accumulation commencing with the extraction of
April 12, 1896, 71 tons and 200 pounds of ore,
Assaying, ncr ua^on samples, gold 932 91, silver
28 V 9-100 ouni-es per ton. Forwarded to Sap
Francisco office on the 3d InsU by express 65
pounds crude bullion, assay value of same 9'J210,
and on the 6.h Inst. 66 pounds crude bullion, as
say value yet unknown . being the final clean-up
of JO3 tons and 200 pounds of ore reduced at the
Dazet mill, lluve extracted from our openings on
the 975 level during the week 32 cars of ore, as
saying, per mine car samples, gold 930 65, silver
25 40-100 ounces por ton.
Union— ln the north drift from the upraise car
ried up from the joint west drift from the shaft,
116 feet above the sill floor of the 900 level, they
have started an east crosscut. No. 2, 100 feet nor h
from the raise, and advanced the same 22 feet
through quariz of low grade; face in quart*. The
east crosscut. No. 6. which was started from the
Sierra Nevada north lateral drift al a point 50 feet
north from t;ie east crosscut. No. 5, on this level,
has been advanced 25 feet during the week; total
length 68 feet; face In quartz.
Alta— On the 830 level, the raise from the south
drift. Keystone vein, was can-led up 9 feet during
the week In quartz of low assay value. The south
drlftf! n the eaat vein wm driven 8 feet la hard
[ porphyry carrying stringers of quartz. A crosscut
wus started In the face Saturday morning. ' '
•* Occidental CONSOLIDATE!)— ! Shaft—
Have finished squaring and timbering the shaft
and have discontinued work here. At a point 775
feet from the mouth of the main tunnel north we
have started an east crosscut to tet under the Ed
wards shaft. 650 level— West crosscut 2 has
been advanced during the week 45 feet, making a
total length of 215 feet. The formation is harder.
The south drift has been extended 15 feet: total
length 208 feet: the face is in soft porphyry and
bunches of quartz.. .7so level— West crosscut 1
on this level has not been extended anr during the
past week. The south drift following the footwall
is now in 18 teet. The face Is in fair ore. The north
drift following the hanging wall of this streak lias
been advanced 21 feet. .The face is in ore assay ins
$60 per ton.
Brixswi k Lodb— Shaft I— This shaft has
been sunk 6 fee. on the Incline, passing through
clay, porphyry and quartz: total depth 431 feet.
200 level— The south drift, which was started from
th • end of east crosscut 1, has been extended 8
feet, total length 196 feet, lhe tace now shows
3% feet of ore of an average assay value of $55
per ton. Work has been temporarily discontinued
in the face in order that the drift can do enlarged
and track laid, so as to facilitate tne extracting of
this ore. We have extracted and hoisted 25 cars
of ore of an average value of 960 per ton. The north
drift from the station has been extended 8 feet,
total length 175 feet; face in quartz showing some
value. Shaft 2— The north drift has been discon
tinued and work resumed in the south drift,
which was started in the west crosscut 145 feet
from main south drift. This drift has been ad
vanced 15 feet through hard porphyry, '.01 al
length 48 feet. Gould A Curry Company's tunnel—
he main north drift has been extended 18 feet,
passing through hard porphyry, clay aid quartz:
total length 740 feet. - .1
Reports from the other mines as far as re
ceived show no Important changes.
The Edna mine of Calaveras County, 500,000
shares, ham been listed on the Gold Mining Ex
change.
BOARD SALES.
Following .ere the sale* in the H»n Frmnolsoa
I Btocc Board yesterday;
BEOn-AB MOBSWB SBSSTOX rOKKHSCIM 9:30.
300 Alpha.-.. 27,800 CCiV . . 2.80,170 Onhlr... 1.75
200 Andes 40200 2.75:400 1.80
400 8e1cner...69 50 Confi ...1.40 700 Overman.'JO
100 •• 68 100 1.35:1200 P0t051.1.05
150 B A 8... .98400 CrwnPt.. 639oo .1.10
•450 ■. 9S» 50 64:900 ....1..16
450 1.00 HooExchqr....l-' 300 Savage 60
100 Bodie :..60| 60UAC. 83 1600 ....T . .69
750 Bullion... 281200 84 100 Scorplon..o7
900 25,400 85 500 Seg 8e1.... 18
300 Challge.. HA N.... 1.30 500 S Nev..1.00
900ChoIlar..2.UOjl000 K>ntuckO7i 10' 1.20
300 2.06)760 Mexcan... 66 100 Union HO
200 ...2.10300 67.200 ....83
350 2. 20 600 NO* C..24 500 Utah..:. 14
200 : 2.15500 0cc1d.... 1.60 600 18
6100 Con NY. 05,400 1.65,1000 V Jacltt.66
2000 Cou 1m..03i
■ • . AMEHNOOS SESSION'— 30. / V
-200 Alpha 35 260 CCAV.. 3.40 100 Ophlr.. .2.45
100 A1ta.. .. :. .18 500 C 1mp. ...04 300 Ovrmn 25
200 Andes. ...50400 C Point.. .801200 ..' 23
700 Belcher... 400 81 50 ....24
360 73 200 8311000 P0t051.1.45
300 71 50 BJ7OO 1.50
600 B A 1.65 100 84 700 Savage... 85
450 ...:......I.6O|4oOi!;xcnqr... 14,750 ....... ....84
200 Bodie 70450 G A C. 1.161150 83
600 Bonanza..2o 1300 ..1.75 1300 Seg 8e1.. 20
850 8u11i0n ....31 100 1.80 350-S Nev 1.30
600 ...32300 1.70500. .' 1.35
400 8u1wer.... 31600 Julia 35 600 Hil Hill. ..06
300 30,200 Justice.. ..lK 4000 05
100 Ca1eda....17 100 Keutuck..lO 1000 Union. l.oo
300 dialing... 6o ßso Mexican.. t»s 100 98
100 ...;. 64 400 1.00 300 ... .....1.05
100 65800 N G A C. .26250 Utah 20
100 62 400 0ccdt1...1. 95 500 24
300 Ch011ar..2.75 300 1.90 1050 V Jackt 76
1000 ..:.. 2.65660 1.85 150 73
400 2.60:660 0ph1r.... 2. 40 650 75
650CCAV...3.46 250 2.35 700 .. 72
650 ...........3.60] I v. ....... ....,*
.Following were the sales in the Paclda 3»ox
£oard yesterday:
RKBtn.AR session— lo:3a
700 Alpha.-. .25 100 CCAV...2.60 160 0ph1r. ..1.85
200 AIM 15 100 25/ 560 1 90
400 ..17J200 2.661100 2.02%
200 19 100 2.70 100 Ovrmn .la
600 Ande5.... 37 200 2.80;400 20
200 39 60 ....... .2.90200 P0t051.. 1.15
100 42 50 2.92%'200 1.171-.
400 300 2.96700 1.20
800 8e1cher....58 100 .. 3.15 100 . ..115
300 63 100 C0nn.... 1.40 100 1.25
200 8A8... ...90 1300 C N V...05 100 Savage. ...s6
500 93 400 Crwn Pt...60 100 59
200 94 300 62300 60
300 9&90O Kxchqr...l2 100 62
400 ...... ......99:'-'OO 14J350 .....68
600 1.05 160 16 100 70
400 1.071 2 100 A C 82 200 .....74
200 11, 8 100 K4 400 76
60 Bodie 61 700 86ia00 Scorpion..o7
60 64 500 HAN ... 1.251700 SB AM.... 17
1160 8u1U0u.,30 800 Kentuck..Ol 1700 18
100 28 300 Mexican. .63 200 3 Hey....95
100 31800...... 200 96
200 Bulwer 30 200 67 100 .. .. 1.00
1400Ca1eda...;4 100 70 300 1.06
100 ChallnK...Mr.:ooOccld.... 100 life
100 65 100 1.50 Hi11.. ..0b
500 Chollar. 1.90 1100 1.62% 200 Union C..75
850 1.95100 1.65 100 80
200 2.15 100 1.60 300 85
300 2.17% 2UO 1.65 400 ..: 90
250 2.20500 1.70800 Utah .....15
100 3.26 300 1.75700 YJacKet..63
600 2.30 300 0ph1r...1.55 100 62
60U 2.35300 1.6UK10 ...' 66
200 2.37%!100 1.65 400 — ...67
250 ..........2.40:700 1.70 200 .; 58
»00 ...... 2.42%1350. 1«4 500 60
3M)oConlmp.o3 100 1.77 1 2 100 ...63
100 02 250 2.00
AJTERNOON KKBSIOX— 2 :SO.
300 Alpha 35 100 Cliollr. .2.70 -200 Potosj . .I.M)
200 33:700 C 1mp. ...04300 1.35
200 Andes 52700 C Point. ..Hi) sou Savage... .B7
200 49 360 0 AC. .1.02 500 83
SOU 8e1cner...62 350 1.07 Va 100 Scorpion..o9
6<K) B<fc 8... 1.50 850 U&N .. .1.76 1700 S 8&M..20
800 1.85 850 1.8.V100S JNev.,1.25
lUO 8u11i0n.. .32;200 Justice... .2s^loo 1.35
200 31 600 Mxican...9l 150 Union ..1.05
300 32-600 hOIOO 1.00
200 31 2050 Occdtl. 1.90 1150 Utah. ...21
100 ChallnKe..7o|22o 00hir....2.46 800 YJacHei..7l
700 CCAV...3.25 100 0vrmn.. ..25 950 70
700 3.45' I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 11-4 p.m.
£i«.A iked. Bid. At fed.
Alpha C0n..... — SsiJackson. _ 40 —
Alia 17 18 Julia. „ 24 26
Ana«« 49 sUJnstlc» 18 21
B*lcher 70 73 BentucK. .... 10 11
BcstAßelCtie&l.Bo 1.85 Ladr Waatt.. „ 05 —
Bodie ......_ 76 -Mexican 1.05 1.10
bullion „ 34 36 Mono . ... — 15
Bnlwer _ 31 — Nevada Quean. — 05
Caledonia....^ 15 17 Occidental 1.95 2.00
Chouar .2.70 2.75 Ophir , 2.45 2.50
Challenge Con. 63 65 Overman ...... — 20
Con. Cat A. Va. 3.45 3.50 I'oto* ......... 1.40 1.50
Con. lmoanai. 03 04 bavrw...^..^. 94 96
Confidence..... 1.60 — f eg. liylctier... 19 21
Con.NewYont. 05 . -Sierra Nevada. 1.25 1.35
Crown Point... 73 75 Scorpion „ 08 —
Ka»tSierra«*» - — 06 Silver H111...^ 06 07
Kxchequer..... 14 16 Union C0n... «. 1.06 1.10
Gould A Curry. 1.35 1.40 tab 23 26
A Moron. 1.90 2.00 Yellow Jaolcat. 62 65
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
600 A ma! Ip 2 OOi Providence
Champion Bid .....:...... 55 00
Bid ....: ; 25 00300 Savannah. 40
A5ked. ........... ....80 00 300 . . 41
100 Ci rani. 19600 » 42
Kennedy 1600 43
8id..... 900500  44
Keystone. 700 45
Hid 65 OOlOOSebastopol 63
400 Lockwood Con.. . 36400 69
400.......... 700 „ BO
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 50 Oceanic Steamship... 29 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 11 - 2 p. m.
, ryiTrn BT4TKS BOS OS.
Silt. A iked. • Bid. At/ts,i.
a c00p. .108% — 0 84, «»...10f»y l09
Do. new is... 117% - \ '
M!eCKLI.»VKni;i BOVH.
Cal-«tCbleS». —.113 IDo. 2d In As. — —
CalElecL6s. — 122 i/ 2 V &O Ky 6v103 120
CntraOW6s. . 96% 98 P<SChßv6s. — 107
Dpct-stex-cp 77 '85' Pwl-st.RRBs. — 116%
EdsnLdtP 6s. — . 122% Reno. WUt — 105
F*CHRRBs.IOSB/ 8 — !RlverWCo6a — 100
t.earvstKs». 101 — SactoP A L.. - 1011%
LonAngLSs. - 103 6FANPRR6SIO2 — .
Do.Unted.Bs. - 103 bl'RKAr'.xas — 97%
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - BFRRCat6s~ lOS%III ■
Doßy<;onsa.. — 106 SPUR Cal»s_ - —
NevCNgß7s. 95 105' Si'BrßCal6*. 98% —
NPCRR6S.IOIB4 - BV\Vater6i.llß=V»)l9%
ARy Cat 6s. 102 105 ' 6VWater4s._ 99 99%
NRyCai6s. —. , - StktnO&Eß» — 101%
Cat Ua* .]OO ' 104% BnnstT A Tttj. 100 —
Do. '-"d Us 6s. 103 - Sutter-stR 5*107% —
Omnibus 65.. 1 -* _ ViaallaWU«U - »
PacKollM6s» — _ •■■;
watkb stock*.
Contra Costa. 37 89 " 1 San J05e..... 78 100
MarlnCo....: 60% - |BprlngVallar 99 99%
. rAS6TOCK*..' '{
Capital....... — 35 1 Pacific Light. 4634 4*
Central bs - — Banirrancsco 93 93W
OakQLAH. 61%. 52% Stockton..... — £l%*
Pacuaslmn. »6^ 86Vii
S I N.iL-n * .s (. X STOCK*.
FlremansFd.l7o — |5un. ..:.....:. 4) IT--- :
COMMKRCIAL BANK «TO"lt1.
Amerß&TG. _ _ |LondonP*A.l2BV4l*9
Anglo-Cal... 51 69 ]Loudon<fc3J. — 27%
BankofCaL.sl39 242% Merch Kx_.. 13 —
CaISDATCo. 63% 64^1Nevad»...... - -
HrstNatloal.l7B 182 feather 800. - -
Grangers.... — — .[,. ,
■ WINDS HANK STICK V.
GerßALCo..l4l6 _ ' Sav&Loaa.. — 100
HumbSAii.llOO 1450 Security .... - 260
£?t? tu * ITVl TV 37% 40 Union Trust. - 810
b* SavUnlOn . — 485
» ; STHKKT KAILROAn «TOCK«.
California,... _ 110 Oak.SLAHar - 100
keary-5t..... 65 75 ' j Presidio...-. 7% 10
UaWst..- - . |Butler-st - -
. • . -■'. '. ' j*. . ><\V .i- STOCK «.
Atlantic D... 16% 17%-Jud50n......." — —
EastornD... 80 90 jGlant. Z 23% 25
California.... 80 115 I VlgonU . ...Z 80c 95c
1 Mlst-KLLANKoti* STT"K*. '
Bikrov^rw 86^ 1 ,7 OceanleSSCO 20 27%
ff^pcoaioa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
taICotMUU.. " -. Pao Borax.- 93 100
laiDrrDoclc — • — PacIANOa. — • SO
Edison Light. 1173^ _ P.cRoUMIU _ _
GasConAssn. - - FarfFalntCo, <&y. ty.
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTranaOo. _ «i
g^ASOo. 18% 18% PacTATOo 65 70
?«^P00u,23^ .24- BnnsetTAT.. 41 -
SALES— MORN INK BBSSIOM'.
: Board— * *'-.■: . •
-6 Edison Light & Power Co. .....i 117 75
100 Hawaiian Commercial 18.75"
50 Hutcnlnson S PC0......... .......... 23 87%
60SFGasli?ht •» '-'6
30 SV Water 99 00
Street —
95000 Contra Costa Water Bonds. 97 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co H3 75
BALKS— AFTKRVOOS 1 SBSSIO.V.
Board —
25 Hawaiian Commercial 1H 621/,
50 do do IS 60
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. 23 87^
60Market-st Railway 46 50
20SFGaslisht 83 25
100 s V Water 99 -5
$1000 S V 1% Bonds P9 -5
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 96 75
60 Atlantic Dynamite 3« ti2Va
30 Pacific Gus Imp 8H 00
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Helene Strybing and Adolph Hochsteln, admin
istrators of estate of C. H. Strybintr, to W. K. Van
Alen, lot on N\V corner of Sacramento and Lyon
streets. N 102 .814 by W 137:6: $3600.
Samuel F. I.nrvey to <"hnrle< V. and Kva E. Hee
gaard. lot on W line of Walter street. 150 s of Rid
ley, 5«25 by W 100, siibj<-c to mortgage; .510.
William A. and Isabella M Durrani and Henry
J. r.ang to the.^tna M Building and Loan Associa
tion, lot on Kline of Fair Oaks street, 240 Sof
Twenty-fifth, s 20 by E 125; 910.
C. B. and Margaret L. Zabriskie to F. M. Smith,
lot 14. Gift Map +: $10.
William and Sarah Sullivan to Louis Zalbert, lot
on SW line of TeneriflV street, 225 N \V of Tomblg
bee, NW 25 by sW 100, ON and H. 304: $10.
George D. Weaver to William M under, lot on S
line of seventh avenue, 100 W of L street south,
W lOOby S 100, blook 140. Central Park Home
stead : 910.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
James M. Haven to president and board of
trustees of the Pacific Theological Seminary, lot
on X line of Fiftpentb street, 100 W of Jefferson,
W 40 by N 103:9, block 266, Oakland; 98000.
Anastasia G. and Ellen C. Roach to Katbarlna
Mensfola^vlfe of D.t.lot on E line of Peralta street,
•286 N of Ninth, N 45. X 126:6. S 45:4, W 132:6 to
beginning, Oakland; 910.
J. and Catherine Palmer et al. (by commis
sioner) to Union Savings Bank, lot on S line of
West sixteenth street, 140 W of Campbell, W i.'s
by s l'J9, betiw lot 11, block 728 a, < lakland; $809.
George W. Reed and K. Nusbaumer to A. A.
Moore, lot on S line of East Twenty-first street,
150 E of Fifth avenue. E 360 by S 150, block 124,
Kasl Oakland: $10.
Joseph F. and Caroline Forderer to C. B. and
Emma Stafford, loton S line or Moss street. 430 W
of Ralston, W 50 by S 135, block 5, Map of lands
State University Homestead Association No. 3,
Berkeley: $10.
John M. Kademaknr to Delia E. Raiomaker,
lot on SJi line of Pacific avenue and Union street,
s 125 by X 108. being lots 13 to 16.b10<-k 35. Map of
Property of Columbus Banlett, Alameda, quit
claim deed; 910.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Murphy & w, S Rosa M Goetz, San Jose
J W Ellsworth, Cal F B Whyler, 0 8 N
T Alexander, st. Louis W a Cann.tughton, N V
Miss Turner, Oakland *■ a Smith, Oakland
W a Render. S Barbara W B Morgan. Los Angels
John Hofell, Detroit 8 A Renoll, Detroit
j\ l> Canipb-11, Sait Lke tt Glover, Salt Lake
T L Barry, St Helena J Jovard, Fresno
B A Patch, Chicago a M Byrnes. Reno
T D McCarthy, Sonoma J Porter, Cripple Creek
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Graham, San Jose Miss M Elliott, N V
Visa G Elliott, N \ Mrs V Worthing London
X 1) Frawley, N V E Titinaon & w, N V
W W Gennard, NY F Meyer, Sacramento
B Binlsdale, Oakland 8 Hunt &w, Berkeley
F M remiile, Chicago H Corcoran Jr., Stockton
Mi>, 11 ( orcoran, Stcktn W Power, N V
H C Clark, N V B Brown, Seattle
B If Harding, Boston F Denis, Pa
H Denis. Pa Mrs Craegen, N V
H X Wolf, Idaho A B ttens, Byron Hot Sp
T B Wilmeth. N V W L Burnett, Detroit
B seaborg <t w, Artz Mrs J M Owens, Ariz
G B Northrnp, 111 Mr« l'urmenter, Newport
<J M iison. Bimghamton G C Mackee <fe w V V
J F Hall, N y
LICK HOUSE.
C Van Nardln, Auburn E W Allen, San Jose
II C Carter A: w, N V Mrs D Tims, New York
Mrs L A Wlntehurst, Ca! Mlas Edith Giles, Gilroy
G Blake. Newman DR Oliver. Sonora
A Brown, Milton P Morris. Chicago
II Braetei A w, San Jose Miss N Nansom, S Jose
W M Boyle. San Jose B P Brartly, Sacramento
A C Long, Los Angeles D B Highton, Los Ang
A Back. Niles Black, Nlles
L Russell, Saratoga j) McPeters, Truckee
E A Squire, Folsom J L Best, Los Angeles
J Gannon, San Rafael D B Grimes, Cal
WJ T Orr, Santa Itosa C D Dean, Berkeley
J H Flanagan, Coos Bay J C Grasett, Toronto
E D Goodrich. N V D B Fairbanks, < al
NBde i oe, Modesto J C Carlisle, Forbestown
G Spaldlng. Stockton W Loutz nheiser. Cal
B E Bliss. New York G D Adams. Boston
B C Chamberlain, Cal S T Black, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL.
J 0 Klein. N V H P Blackburn, Phila
H Jerusalem, Visaila X Fechet, Arizona
Mr» J C Klein, N V H C Maud. Riverside
Miss Griest-ff, Russia J E Hoy. Riverside
Miss Sullivan, Chicago M L Hinman, Dunkirk
Miss Ciidaby, Chicago Miss Hinman Dunkirk
Mary Cudahy, Chic;ii;o Mrs M Jlinmaa. Dunkirk
Clara Cudahy. Chirauo B Rosenberg <fc f X V
Cecelia Cudahy, Chicago T J Field, Monterey
Bessie Cudahy, Chicago Mrs J Williams. Scranton
Julia Cnaahy, Chicago Miss Williams. Scranton
C P Treat, Chicago H CDecker, Chicago
Gus Kuhn, s-an Diego E H Kluge, Crefeld
G W Banks. Phila Miss Banks, Phlia
Mrs (J W Banks. Phila Miss J. S. Banks, Phila
H Hinrichs, London j L Cherry, Detroit
Mrs J L Cherry. Detroit C W Grigss. Tacoma
T W Enos, Tacoma Miss Grigss, Tacoma
C olonel Heilig. Portland J R Bunham, Portland
E T Earl, Los Angeles H G Jordan. Omaha
A D Monasterlo, Mexico 8 T Cltilow. N y
W A Graham, Stanford J F Doyle Jr. N V
O P Templeton. Montana A S Do an. Highland
C D Emery, Seattle G L Warring. Riverside
J Barnes, Chicago T V Towle & w, Montana
W B Tebbetts. Denver J Goldsmith Jr \" V
E T Bliss, Nevada
RUSS HOUSE.
M Malsen. Portland C T Schellenbenrer, Cal
W D Gray, Fresno F c James, Oakland
D C Ross, Fort Bragg A M Reed, Tacoma
B s (;ray A w, Hldsburg F V Bailey, Newman
C F Avery, Los Angeles E A Slmonds A: w, Mass
Miss A L'enntson. Mass A M Francesra, La
W Woodward, i.ordsburg W Wanamaker. B 0
II Horn, Woodland M Blair. Woodiand
D G Goodwin. Melbourne J Nevis. Pleasanton
X Nevis, Pleasanton W D Keyser. Pieta
J Tiovey. Grass V r alley J Mead,"Healdsburg
M Meyer & w.San Rafael T A Teacock, San Rafael
C W Pratt, San Rafael W E Javetta, Napa
HT Shaw rose, Fall Brook V G Mat hews, San Diego
II P Longley, Centerv H H Herrin. Snelling
C B Clayton, Snelling R O'Neal, Bishop
B Suzuky, Yokohama G Supe, salt Lake
P M Pray, Wheatland C T McGlashan. Truckee
J P Bock, Los Angeles MissßMcDoiiiall.Portlnd
M Perry it w, Sisson J MarrtdlerJfc w, ll]
H E Whitman, Los Ang Mrs Muir<&dgts, Los Ane
J J Violett. Arcata J Chilberg. Olympia
C W Willard, Petaluma Mrs J Clard, Valley Ford
Miss M Clark, Val tord G W Claru, Valley Ford
K,l Nolan. Valley Ford F L Lee. Lakeport
G R Redwin, Lakeport J W Ke'ley, l.akeport
3 Hayden, Lakeport J F Gregory, Lakeport
F B Noyes.SutterCounty R Long. Vacaville
J Stevenson, Wheatland W C Suiden, Windsor
E B Willis, Sacramento Mrs M J Bumel, Eureka
J L Batchelder^ Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
R T Huston, Woodland A F Jones, Oroville
S X Doujfherty. bt Rosa J R Taylor. Sacramento
E L Webber, Napa J W Lawther, Bell wood
AM Powell, Sta Monica Mrs Lawther, Peunsvlva.
s H Rice, Nevada City G F Gelsse. Oroville
C Knckson, S L Oblspo J C Shepard, Fresno
G Petterson, S L Obispo W A Bell, Pomona
B H Wood worth, Minn C H Fisk & w.Crows Ldg
Mrs Woodworth, Miun P F Brown, Holliater
J I) Fisk. Crows Lnding O Wade. St Helena
R Dollar, San Rafael 0 B RustiD. Omaha
, \V A shay, snn Berdlno W FTibo, Chico
J G StephensoD, r.s Ang W J Beaver. Sn Berdino
C Williams. San Jose Mrs W B Baker, s Bend
H G Crant, San Jose P F Gosbey, San Jose
t; i> I'eirano, s«n Jose Mrs Gosbey, Han Jose
F s Jackson. Mexico F J Cram, Chlcego
E J Baker, N Juan W W Tumey, San Jose
Miss E R O'Brien, Wash Dr J W Petty & wf, Cai
Mn 0 L Loyd. Ls Angls Mrs Barrett, Cripple Crk
Miss J Pauly, San Diego J B Iverson, Salinas
Miss M Pauly, Sn Diego J Lasronrossuy, Volcano
M Q Gill. Ked Bluff J Wyant <fc wf, Ohio
J M Crowley. Los Angls RE Ja. kson, San Diego
A Neilson, Sacramento Mrs Neilson, Sacramento
C Browning. Sari Rafael E X Rodman, Lo» A.neels
X Kule, Duncans Mills Mrs W L Peck, San Jose
E Maccruber.lndendnce W W Hopkins, Cincinatti
MrsTC Edwards.Saiinas Dan Stewart, lone
WPTownsend.Holllster X Carl, Cal
T R Jone», Sncto Mrs E M Do well. Chicago
BH Ba on. Lilly, 111 MrsS E Robinson Ad ill
F H \Vebster, Minturn Mrs S H Rice. Vkiah
T Christensen.Newman Rev J Jeram.Eden Valley
W H Ijing, Eden Valley JEBrownlie Vallejo
J I-eadler, Sacto A P Halfhlll, Los Ang
MrsW Morgan. Pasadena Mrs LDLowrv Pasadena
Mi-^CDBincle.Pasadena Miss Green, San JosV
LRossiter.twf.Los Ang P Kaetzel, San L Oblspo
H A Preston.Jamestown vu
A resident at Buluwayo says that up to
the present, taking the whole "disturbed"
area about eighty white people have been
killed.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Bbanch Hyuroobaphic Okpicb, U. 3. V •»
Merchants' ExcftAvan. L
San Francisco. May 11. 189 R. j
The time ball on Telegrapa HiU was drooped
exactly at noou to-day-1. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exacUy at 8 c. v.. Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtkleb.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. iv charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS
at « 8 of Departure From San Fraiu-Uro.
BTKAMER |r>KBTIN'ATION-. |
SAII-S.
| PIER.
D0ric.;......
Sunol .„
E«nu KOM..
tnur0. ;,....
Plate of ca.
Weeott.:...
Coos 8ay. ...
P0m0na.....
Cmaillla
«•. Pau1.;...;
Empire
C0r0na......
Colombia...
Columbia...
*.rcaia
CKyPuebla-
C'hiriiiitJaDan.
Grays Harbor.
San Dle?o
Coos ±J»r
Portland...
Eel 'River.-.;..
Mexic0........
ttumboldlliav
Vie & Pet Snd
Newport ,;.";.;
Oregon ports..
San Diego.
Panama.;::./:
P0rt1and.......
Oregon ports..
Vie & pgt Una
Sow cor: ......
May 12, 3pm I P M. 3 8
May 12,12 M Pier 'J
.May 13.11 ah I Pier 11
M.VvIH.IUam fieri
Mh.vl 3.loam Pier
May 13. 9am I Pier 13
Muy 13.10 am 2
May 13. Vru Pier 9
May 11. 9am Pier »
May lb. '9am Pier II
May 16, ftpiljPler 13
Mayl7,llAM Pier 11
MaylH.l2 M P M SS
Maylß,l()AM|Pler24
Mayl9.loPM Pier '24
May IP. »am Pier 9
M.ayl9, »am , Pier 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
aTKAMKB |- ■ ■ From . -| 808
Pomona. (Rnmboid: Bar May 12
S» Paul ; Newport. ......'.... ...... ..May 13
"hlna China and Japan May 18
Washtenaw..... iTacoma ................ May 13
Empire.......... I Portland.... Way 1-1
Crescent City... Creacenc City- ......... ..May 14
L'0r0na....;. .... San Dle<o. .....: ..... ..May 15
L'itvof I'aeDia.. Victoria & Putec Hound ..May 15
Columbia I Ponlana.... May 15
CXtyol Sydney. j Panama May 15
Australia. j Honolulu ..May 16
Kiirt'Ka „.. Newport , May 17
Arcata.. Portland... May 17
Weeott...... Eel River ..May 17
San 8ia5........ Panama.................. ..May 18
draco .... Coos iJav.'... ..May 18
?»nu» Kosa. San Oie?o_ Mar I!)
Beigic: China and Japan ..May 19
North Fore... HuniDOnU Bay May IB
AlJcrßlancnanl I'orcland :...:: May 19
From
I I>DK
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
U. R. Coast and Geodetic Sitbvky Tins')
Bitll/Ktiv Published by Official >
AUTHORITY OH- THX StrpKETSTKSDEST. )
Tuesdsiv May 12.
3a rises .. 5.01 Mojo rises...... 4.?3am
Sunsets 7.12|M00a sets
M^v— lß96.
1 1 ™£1 i Feet ! 11-H Feet li2!i Keet Ii2!l Few
s L ■ W H W'J I. \V U *V
121 (S.V9l— 0.2112.45 3.5 4.47 SLI|IU.M>| 6 5
13 6.ot> -0.5 1.85 3.5 5.J4 2.2 11.17 5.«
14 6.45 —0.7 i 2.25 3.4 8.05 2.5 11.47 6.7
15 7.2(5-0.8 3.16 : 3.3 «.48 2.7
H \V| Feet L \V FeeL H W Fpet L Feet
16 0.25 5.7 8.11 -1.0 4.06 3.7 7.46 3.1
L7I 1.13 5.2 9.00-0.8 4.54 4.1 9.00 3.1
18 2.19 4.6 9.521-0.5 B.BM 4.3 10.24 2.8
Noxk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th»
order of occurrence a-i to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of tho day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlva
from the dentil given ny 'he charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, May 11.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkham, 3% days from
Departure Bay: 3532 tons coal to S P Co.
Simr Arago, Reed. 40 hours from Coos Bay; pass
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 hours fm SAn
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Schr Five Brothers, Rasmussen, 24 hours from
Phelps Landing: r r ties, to James Johnson.
Scbr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
35 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Maxim, Peterson. 2 days from Caspar;
150 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
SchrC H Merchant. Brannan, 4 days from Coos
Bay ; 320 Mft lumber, to E B Dean A Co.
Cleared.
MONDAY. May 11.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins A Co.
Schr Moonlight, Spencer, Marianne Island; JA
Magee Jr.
Sailed.
MONDAY, May 11.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson, San Pedro.
Stmr Del None, otockfleth. Grays Harbor.
Ptmr Bonita, Downing. Port Harford, etc.
Scbr Edward Parke, Anderson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Eclipse, Guttormsen, Eureka.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, Astoria.
Charter!*.
The bktn Addenda loads lumber on the Sound
for Tientsin,
Telegraphic.
point LOBOS. May 11-10 r it— Weather,
hazy, wind NW: velocity 32 miles.
Domestic Ports*
FISKS MlLL— Arrived May 11— =chr Archie
and Fontie. hence May 10; schr Bender Bro.hers,
hence May 9.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 11— Schr Pioneer, for
Columbia River.
<;i;KKNWOOD— SaiIed May 11— Stmr Alcazar,
fur sun Pedro.
TaCOMa— Arrived May 11— Schr Annie Larson,
hence May 1.
ROCK PORT— Arrived May 11— Stmr Scotia.hnc
May 10.
r-;.il- d May 11 — stmr Scotia, for Eureka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 9— Br bark Prlnicpallty,
for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Tillamook,
hence May 9.
Sailed May 10— Schr Sparrow, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived May 10— Schr Bessie X, hnc
May 7.
Sailed May 10— Schr Bessie K. for San Kmnclsco.
IVKKsKN.s LAN DING- Arrived May 11-Schr
Arthur I, hence May 9.
H EaRNS LANDlNG— Arrived May 11— Schr
Corinthian, hence May 10.
.-AN DIEGO-Salled May 11— Stmr National
Cltv, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH-Passed May 11-Schr Lizzie Van^e,
hence Apr 29, for Port Gamble.
PORT BLAKKLEY-Arrlved May 11-Br ship
Glenalvon, from Victoria: schr John A. from
Nbwport.
Sailed May 11 — Nic baric Bundaleer, for Shang
hai; Brshlp Senator, for Valparaiso.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 11— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
Foreign Port*.
VLADIVOSTOCK— Arrived May 7— Ship W J
Botch, hence Mar 7.
SHANGHAI- Arrived May 9— Bark Topgallant
from Port Blakeley.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 9— Brbark Ladas, for
Honolulu.
SW ANSEA— Sailed May B— Br snip Royal Forth
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May B— Brstmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
movements of Trans- A.tlant!o Stn»-nir«.
NKW YORK— Arrivert May 11— Stmr Furnes
ala, from Glasgow :md Movllle; stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. from Genoa: stmr Saaie, from Bremen
and Southampton: stmr Friesiand, from Antwerp;
Hiir.r State of California, from Glasgow and Mo
vllle.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out May 11— Stmr
Georgia.
MoviLLE— Sailed May 11— Stmr Anchoria, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out May 11— Stmr Ems.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Werra, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed May 11— Stmr Maasdam. frm
New York, for Rotterdam.
Importation*.
SAN DIKGO— Per Santa Rosa— l lot household
furniture, 228 bxs lemons, 5 cs whisky. 1 crate
bicycles, 14 bxs limes, 4 bxs oranges, 1 cs harness
1 hf-bbl 1 kes olives, 1 sk beeswax, 1 bx rubber
shoes. 5 pkgs mdse, 1 bbl cream tartar, 2 sks dried
fruit. 1 bx clocks, 3cs oil, 4 bxs candles. b2 bdls
dried fish, 8 bxs type, 5 hf-bbls pickled fish, 1 cs
glass, 1 cs musical instruments.
Redondo— 332 bxs oranges. 2 pkijs mdse 1 ca
dry goods, 1 cs cigara, 100 bbls wine, 22 bxa lem
ons.
Los Angeles via Redondo— l bdl rubber hose 2
bxs drugs, 1 bbl cream tartar, 5 ukgs hardware. 8
bxs lemons, 4 cs type cabinets. 2 cs mdse, 60 cs
60 tierces lard. 600 cs cured beef, 200 cs tongues,
1 cs millinery goods.
Port Los Angeles— 2 cs shoes, 2 pk*s Japanese
goods. 6 bbls oranges. y3y 3 bbl wine, 28 bxs toma
toes. 8 bxs squash. 2 bxs peppers, 1 pkg mdse.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— ll cs codfish,
1 bx advertising matter, 10 pkgs mdse 2 bbls 2
csks crockery, 13 bxs oranges. 2 bx clocks, 12 ca
currants, 1 bx mats, 4 bid pianos. 1 safe.
Santa Maria— 6l sks mustard, 301 sks oats, 1613
beans.
Arroyo Grande-227 sks beans.
Loj Olivos— 4o sks barley, 891 sks wheat.
Port Harf ord— l bx harness, 17 bbls mineral
water, 1 cs dry goods, 2 sks rock, 36 bxs fish, S3
bales 46 sks 1 hf-sk wool, 2 bxs blankets. I' 2 rolls
matting, 66 bxs lemons. 1 bx comforts, 2 pkgss
mdse. 3 pkgs chairs. 1 cs sheep dip. 3 coops poul
try, 2 bbs glassware, 36 bxs oranges, 12 cs wine
12 sks crawfish, 18 cs champagne, 3 bbls 2 csks
crockery. 2 cs cheese. 1 bx drugs. 1 bx color 1
bale linoleum, 3 tubs 1 hf-bbl 122 bxs butter. 68
cs eegs, 1 coop chickens. 2 horses, 20 dressed
calves.
PuRT ORFOUD— Per Arago— 6 bxs batter, 2 ska
coin, 1 hide, 2 casts mdse.
Empire City— 24 pkgs castings, 1 pkg mdse, Ibx
clann, 6 eds matchwood. 4.0 sks potatoes, 3 sets
wheels, 750 tons coal, 1 coop duclcs.
Marshtteld— 79 tubs 17 bxs butter. Scs cheese, 2
bxs groceries, 3 bxs type, 2csß bales blankets, 401
sks potatoes, 3 pkgs express, 3 sks coin.
Con 9 l nee«.
Per Santa Rosa— X P V Baggen : W O Brown : T
H B Varney; Palmer Wire Co; Wetmore Bros; A
J Hall & son: California Wine Association: Wll
merdinK-Loewo Co: San Francisco Breweries- Tar
tar Works: Duval & Carroll: Hills Bros: Goodyear
Rubber Co: B»lshaw&Co: Wellman, Peck & Co;
MFCanral; M S Slmas; Amer Press Assn: Phlt
land Produce Co; Sherwood & .Sherwood; W Cllne:
Campodonico & Malcolm: Levl Spiegel A Co; G R
Stsirr&Co; T J Truman Eveleth A Nash; H O
Greenhood: Hoibrook, Merrill <fe Stetson; • S Kor
per; A Gall! Fruit Co: Sherman. Clay A Co: T B
McCarthy: E Griswold; M T Freitas A Co: Sachs
Bros; Van Vow & Co: FN Woods A Co: . J N
Chapman: Gray A Barbierl; D E Allison A Co; B
Galley; Southern California Fruit Exchange; P
SAmes A Co; Wood, Curtis A Co: San Francisco
and I'acltic Glass Works: Miller, Sloss A Scott; A,
J Rosser: Strange* Jenlcke; Minaker A Wei- '
banks: The Cudaby Packing Co: LAM Alexander '
A Co; Pacific Ammonia and Chemical Works; W
C Uarcy; J H Bax er: TAoki; 1 Crown Distillery
Co; CE Whitney A Co; McDonough & Runyoa'
J McManoway : W X Daley: Baker A Hamilton •
Foster A Co: A Duncan; C B Purcells; Kohler A
Chase: Cutting Packing Co; Burger <& Dometiln
conl; W H Miner: H Kirehmann A Co: H Clifton:
Getz Bros & Co: Murphy, Grant & Co; Milani & Co-
C Carpy A Co: American Union Fish Co: = J Melc
zer & Co: A Paladinl ; J Ivancovich A Co- OB
Rode A Co: G Camlllonl A Co; Dairymen's Union;
Brigham, HoppeA Co Dodge, Sweeney ACo • TT
Dunning; Hilmer, BredhotY A Schula- H D Bell-
Sinsheimerßros: ' H NTllden Co; - Selgfried A
Braiidensi»-in: Norton, Teller A Co; Thornton <k
Pippey : Wheaton, Breon A Co; • - Wltzel A Baker:
Sherry, A villa A Co: Russ. Sanders A Co; Well
Bros A Son; Redington A Co; H HeckmanA Co:
Pacific * Coast Home - supply Association:
san Francisco Commercial Co; WO Price A Co- O
Jacobson; De Barnardl A Co; Wilson A Baechtel;
F B Halght : Christy A Wise; Western Meat Co-
San Francisco Fish Co; J Hoffman; H Dutard; T i
Fallon; Pacific Coast Fish Co: HDutard: Rellly.
Walters* Co; Arctic Oil Works; L D Stone A Cos
Labor Exchange; Abramson A Hennech; ; 8 Levy
un** Ar S 2, ss & Uew lett: Wells, Fargo A Co:
Hilmer. Bredlioff A ScllaI * ; Simpson Lumber Co]
McDonough * Runyon; Marshall; Teggart A Co; i
K t r.Z iS"v ', 08 '- Thomas Loughran: James
r :I " tra ? k & Co: Wlrtj»nd f Brewing Co;
HtSJIS on O: » Amer Press Asan: OCA NCo
oho h Mm.° r?°f : H DuUrt;
oit amis ; SftuiorU Grocery Co.SHAKE HANDS ALL ROUND
Rev. Dr. Wendte Heals Differ
ences Between Two Hu
mane Societies.
JOHNS SPOKE FOR HIMSELF.
His Criticisms Did Not Represent the
Vtews of the Other Direc
tors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 11. f
Harmony again prevails between the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children and the Alameda
County Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals. Discord was created by
some utterances credited to Attorney C.
T. Johns, and peace has been brought
: about Dy the intervention of Rev. Dr.
. Wendte."
For a long time the opinion has pre
. vailed that the two societies were at vari
ance, but the facts only became public to
day.
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott, formerly matron
of the Chabot Home, is the secretary of
the children's society, and Mrs. Sarah
Sanford, wife of County Treasurer Sanford,
is the secretary of the animal society.
Both societies occupy the same office in
the Central Bank building and everything
went on smoothly until the arrest of old
man Clark in Kast Oakland, who was ac
cused of serious crimes, gleaned from the
stories of little girls who were visitors to
his home.
Rev. Mr. Ellis of the Centennial Presby
terian Church espoused the cause of Clark,
whose name is on his church roll.
Mr. Ellis fought hard for Clark and
made all sorts of charges of the children
being coached by Mrs. Prescott, and the
lady in turn refuted the accusations. A
wordy battle in the local papers took place.
During the trouble Attorney C. T.
Johns was quoted as making slurring re
marks about Mrs. Prescott aud express
ing himself to the effect that she would
be compelled to move her office. When
this was made known to Mrs. Prescott
she was quite indignant and was prepar
ing to change her quarters when Attorney
C. T. Johns sent a denial of the speech
credited to him to General McCombof Saa
Francisco.
Mrs. Prescott was not satisfied. The
report had gone out publicly that she was
not wanted, and as no public denial
had been published she felt hurt, j
lira, Sanford asked her to remain, with- i
out avail, and preparations were being |
made to remove, when C. T. Johns, seeine
the matter had taken a serious turn, sent
a letter to Charles tionntag of San Fran
cisco, the president of the S:ate Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
denying that he had adversely criticized
Mrs. Prescott's methods in her work, and
begged that she reconsider her intention
to remove elsewhere and that she would
continue to occupy the office in the Cen
tral Bank building.
Mrs. Sanford also sent a communication
of the same nature.
Rev. Dr. Wendte, the president of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, sent his indorsement in the
following letter:
Charles Sonntag Esq., President California
Society jor the Prevention oj ( rueltyto Children —
My l>i:.vß ?ir: It has come to my notice within
a day or two that C. T. Johns, a director of our
Alameda County Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, has made some strictures
upon the course of your local agent, Mrs. Pres
cott. 1 regard this as most unfortunate and
regretable, and as president of our Alameda
County society desire to inform you that Mr.
Johns'" views are not indorsed by our officers
and members. They are purely his own
opinion. Indeed, he now states that ne was
uiisreported and has, I understand, written a
letter of regrets to Mrs. Prescott.
However this may be, our i-ociety has no in
tention of criticzmg its sister organization.
As sevt-ral of our directors are out of town I
cannot call a mestini?, but I know from con
versation that they all agree with me in this
matter. I trust, therefore, that the friendiy
relations which have hitherto existed between
the two organizations will not be interrupted
by this untortunate incident, and that you
will continue to occupy jointly with us the
convenient aud central offices at the present
location. We can help each other much, and
purely ought to co-operate in the work of
mercy to man and beast. With respect, yours,
Cha«. W. Wendte,
President Alameda county 8. P. C. A.
This letter was the power that smoothed
over the troubled waters, and Mrs. Pres
cott will continue to carry on her work at
the deskroom assigned her in the rooms of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Aniniafi.
ALAMEDA CITY TRUSTEES.
F. N. Delanoy 's Preposition Re
garding the Stringing of
Electric Wires.
The School Census Shows a Good
Gain in the Younger Pop
ulation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 11.— At the regu
lar meeting of the City Trustees this even
ing bills to the amount of $2117 were
passed for payment.
F. N. Delanoy sent the following com
munication: "As I notified you last Mon
day evening I commenced on Tuesday last
to set the poles for the new electric light
plant which I am preparing to establish
in Aiamw'a. I have at this time set the
poles on Clement avenue, from Che-tnut
to Park Btreets; but before planting any
poles on Park street I desire to make a
proposition to you which I be ieve will
avoid the necessity of erecting poles on
Park street. I nave examined poles be
longing to the city of Alameda, and am
samfi 'd there is plenty of room on them
to piace another cross arm sufficient for
ir>y purposes. If you will permit me to
string my wires on your poles on Park
street I will pay you any reasonable
rental for that use, or if you would prefer
it for the same service I will allow you to
string your wires on my poles in any part
of the city to a like amount. I sincerely
•hope that you will favorably consider
; these propositions and give an early
answi r.
The request was denied.
A letter was read from the Municipal
League offering und desiring to second the
efforts of the city authorities in fighting
the injunction suit against the city,
and offering to employ an associate
counsel to help the City Attorney to
further the case. Mr. George T.
Wrights was nominated. The City Attor
ney suggested the nanw of A. A.
Moore ol Oakland if any assistance was
required, but he did no' think it was nec
essary. The matter was referred to the
Judiciary Committee, with power to act.
The City Attorney, in answer to a re
quest, stated that no one has a right to
put any pole op in front of a residence
without a permit oi the city, and the
owner ie perfectly justified in cuttinp the
pole down.
The application to withdraw franchise
aj -plied for by F. M. Delanoy was ac
cented.
A. L. Fish, contractor, was allowed
thirty days' extra time to put in boilers
and engine at the electric light works.
The School Census.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 11.— From the
tabulated report of the school census it
appears that the population of Alameda
during the past twelve months shows an
increase of 370. the figures for this year
being 15,112. The number of white chil
dren of school age in the subdivisions is
as follows: Bay Farm 29, Wilson 437.
Everett 264. Porter 6(>3, Haight 693, En
cinal 761, Longfellow 48^. Total 3329. The
number ol" negro children is given as 16,
and Mongolian born 6.
Children under school age foot up to the
number of 1462; tho-e who attended pub
lic school any time during 1890. 2462; pri
vate school, 217; no school at all, 672. The
total number of children in the city is
4813, all of whom, except 195, are native
born. Last year the number was 4743.
According to the tables, somewhat lees
than 74 per cent of children of school age
attend the public schools. The cost of
educating them per the School Superin
tendent's annual report is: Salaries, $62,
-416 95; current expenses, $306-111; total,
$7"."1 <h; : average cost per child per an
num, |29 50.
Will Remove Bonnets.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 11.— There was
a larger attendance of ladies this afternoon
at the usual fortnightly meeting of the
Political Equality Society in the O. A. R.
Hall than was ever known, and the whole
proceedings were animated in high de
gree. Eight new members were received.
The first chapter of "Ten Men ol Money
Island" was read and a warm discussion
ensued, led by Mrs. Chapman and Mrs.
Green Majors lespectively on the'question
of "Labor and Capital arid Labor Without
Capital." Arrangements were perfected
for entertaining the visitors to the
Woman Suffrage Convention on May 21.
A novel feature will be that all ladies will
remove their bonnets and hats during
both sittings of the convention, so that a
free, uninterrupted view of the platform
may be obtained.
The Driving Association.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 11.— The meet
ing of the Alameda Driving Association
to-night was well attended. It was decided
to fix the mtmbershiu fee at $20, to end of
December, present year. Enough money
is in sight to build a track, which is to be
ot>en to members. All running horses are
to be barred from usin§ it. The track has
been surveyed, and is located between
Sherman and Prospect streets. It is said
to be an elegant one in avery respect, and
is on the Pacinc Improvement Company's
ground. Work will commence to-morrow
morning.
Died After a Long Illness.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 11.— William
Jeliings, 1819 San Jose avenue, died yes
terday after a protracted illness. He was
a native of Cambridge, Eng., and waa 65
years of age. Three children are left to
mourn for him. He was interested in
mining and had valuable holdings in
Nevada.
City Treasurer*! Report.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 11.— The City
Treasurer's balance sheet for the month
endnig April 30, 1896, shows the total cash
on hand in the various funds to be
$62.419 15.
CORNELL MEN DEFEATED
U. C. Cadet Riflemen Win the
Shooting Match by Eighty-
Eight Points.
Berkeley Women Indorse "The Call."
A New Beard of Trade— The
Hearst Scholarships.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 11.— The Uni
versity of California rifle team defeated
the Cornell team to-day in a match by
telegraph, scoring 375 out of a possible 500
points, while Cornell's score was only 287.
The result of the shoot against Cornell
was as follows:
Sergeant-Major Ptarr 39. Captain All- :
Sergeant Cartwright 39, Lieutenant Bozier '29,1
Sergeant Marcton 85, Sergeant Rawlings 43,1
Major McCullough 29, Corporal West 40: Prl-|
vnte Kerlinger 40, Private Hupp 41. Total,!
375.
A match was also shot against the Uni
versity of Illinois, the Berkeley team scor
ing 380. Up to a lat* hoar this evening no
news had been received from Illinois in
regard Co the score made by the Illinois
men.
The University of California score
against Illinois was as follows:
Sergeant-Major Starr 36. Captain Allen 36,
Corporal Grimwood 32, Lieutenant Dozier 39,
Sergeant Rawlings 41. Sergeant Mars tern 42,
Corporal Went 45, Major McCullough 36,
Private Kerilnger 36, Private Hupp 37. Total,
380.
Approved "The Call."
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 11.— The Citi
zens' Suffrage League of Berkeley held its
regular monthly meeting in Stiles Hall
this afternoon.
Mrs. Banks was appointed a committee
ot one to draft resolutions expressing the
league's approval and appreciation of The
Call's stand on the question of woman
suffrage.
The league is preparing for a big meet
ing in Berkeley within the next few
weeks. The gathering will be in the na
ture of a campaign rally, and will be ad
dressed by Miss Anthony, Miss Yates and
others.
Literary Society Officers.
BERKELEY Cal., May 11.— The Long
fellow Memorial Association has elected
officers for the ensuing year as follows:
President, Professor W. B. Rising; vice
president and musical director, Mrs. Julius
Rosenstirn ; secretary and treasurer, Pro
fessor E. B. Lamare." Professor L. Dv Pont
Syle, who has been president of the so
ciety for the past year, declined a renomi
nation to the office.
The next meeting of the association will
be held on the first Tuesday in September.
University Senior Ball.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 11.— The senior
ball at the State University was held this
evening at Harmon Gymnasium. The
guests were almost all members ot the
class and as a consequence the "gym' : was
not so crowded as has been the case of
other recent parties. J. P. Hutchins acted
as floor manager and the committee of ar
rangements was made up of the following:
Arthur Brown Jr., John G. Howell Jr.,
Miss Eula Mitchell and Miss Bertha Sweet.
Wat*on'« Final Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 11.— Dr. John
Watson, who has been giving a course of
I philosophical lectures at the State Uni-
I verßity, wiil give the final one of the
I course to-morrow evening at Harmon
I Gymnasium. The subject for this dis
course will be, "A Comparison oi the
Greek and Christian Ideas of Life."
A Berkeley Board of Trade.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 11.— A move
ment is on foot for the establishment of a
local protective association, to be modeled
a'terthe San Francisco Board of Trade. A
meeting of Berkeley business men will be
I held in the near future to discuss the pro-
I posed association.
Phoebe Hearst Scholarship!.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 11. -The com
mittee of the faculty in charee of the
Phoebe Hearst scholarship fund decided
| to-day to confer the two available scholar
ships. eac:i yielding $300, for next year to
Miss Laura Frank and Miss Ednah Robin
son, both of the class of '98.
Fellow in Astronomy.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 11.— W. H.
Wright, iellow in mathematics at the
.~ute University, who recently left Berke
ley to pursue advanced studies in the
University of Chicago, has be n appointed
fellow in astronomy in the Yerkes Obser
vatory at Lake Geneva.
Academic Council Meets.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 11.— Aca
demic Council of the State University met
to-day to pass upon and recommend to tie
Board of Regents those of the senior class
whom they consider entitled to a degree.
The recommendations will be made at
the meeting of the Regents in Berkeley on
Wednesday.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
HIS LIFE WORK IN PERIL
Progress Demands the Extinc
tion of the Beautiful Kirk
ham Canebrake.
GRIEF OF THE OLD GARDENER
A Strong Protest Will Be Made
Against the Proposed Opening
of Fallon Street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, May 11. )
The old gardener who for thirty years
has looked after the beautiful grounds of
the Kirkham estate is heart-broken at thp
prospect of seeing his life vrorfc ruthlessly
spoiled. For a whole generation the old
Scotchman has faithfully tended the mag
nificent canebrake, which is the finest in
the State, and now the old enemy of na-
ture— the march of civilization — demands
that a common highway be made right
through the old garJener's idol.
In 1882 General Kirkham, since de
ceased, General Keyes, also now dead, and
Mr. Bacon deeded to the city the title to
the land necessary for the continuation of
Fallon street whenever it became neces
sary to open it. The Council considers
that the time has now come for opening
Fallon street from Eighth to Eleventh,
and nave introduced the initial step to
ward having the work done.
The street, when opened, will pass
throu.h some of the prettiest gardens in
Oakland. It will be run close to the creek,
there being fully 250 feet of unland east of
the street on the Kirkham place. All of
this is covered with flowers, shrubs and
trees. The cunebrake on the Kirkham
place, which is on the direct line of the
street, will have to be removed. The Ba
con residence faces the east, and the street
wnen opened will pass the front of the
house. On the property are some roman
tic old oaks, which will tend to make the
street one of the prettiest in the city.
Tiie property-owners do not think the
time has yet arrived when the street should
be opened, and have employed ex-Mayor
W. R. Davis to try to persuade tne
Council that the beautiful places should
not be cut up.
"The matter will not be taken into the
courts." said Mr. Davis, "for I believe the
Council will see the justice of the protest
and postpone action on the street opening.
Tne pitn of the matter is here. We do not
deny the deed given by Generals Kirkham
and Keyes and Mr. Bacon to the city in
1882, which conveys to the city the title to
the street whenever it shall be necce?sary
to open it, but we do not believe that it
should be done until the street is opened
clear through to Twelfth street.
"When the Eighth-street bridge was
being built and the street opened through
the Kirkham property to the eastern end
ail the hoodlums and people of vicious
character used to congregate there, and
we believe if Fallon street is opened only
part of the way through it would be an
other trystin^-place for them."
Due to the Whistle Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— A Coroner's
jury t>roueht in a verdict to-night that in
ferred that a city ordinance, passed about
a year ago and known as the celebrated
"whistle ordinance," was responsible for
the death of Mrs. Rose Lima, who was
killed this morning at tho curve off Sev
enth street, where the Berkeley and over
land tracks curve onto tha mole.
After hearing the evidence the jury re
turned a verdict exonerating the trainmen
and recommending that the ordinance be
amended so as to make it imperative for
all trains to whistle when rounding the
curve. It was shown that the train was
only fifty feet off when it came in sight
and that it was impossible to stop It in
time. The witnesses thought that if the
train Dad whistled the woman's life might
have been saved.
May Have to Meet Bonds.
The Eighth-street bridge matter came
up before the City Council to-night. En
gineers Holmes and Nusbaumer, who have
surveyed the bridge for the East Oakland
electric road, reported that it needed re
pairs, but wa3 quite safe. The Council de
cided to inspect the bridge next Thursday.
Councilman Towle caused a surprise by
stating that the municipal bonus amount
ing $140,000 may have to be provided for
in the next tax levy, an the decisions of
the Supreme Court "had destroyed con
j fidence in their re-issue. An election was
held last fall and it was decided to re-issue
the bonds, but there are grave doubts as
to the legality of the procedure. They
matured last year and have not been called
in owing to an agreement with the bank
that is at present holding them.
Rutherford Succeed* Kdwards.
David Rutherford was elected at to
night's meeting of the Board of Education
to succeed Colonel Edwards, who resigned
last week. Rutherford was a School Ci
rector four years ago. The board awarded
the contracts for text-books and author
ized forty-five changes in the books that
will in future be used in the High School.
" The Cottage " to Go.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 11.— The trouble
HER PLEA FOE PRIVILEGES IS GRANTED.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— "If your Honor please," said Miss Frankie ,r«ru-«.
in the Police Court this morning to JudgeWond. "I only exercised the privilege
taken advantage of by men and took a few drinks too many."
••So I understand, madam," said the Judge, looking carefully at the lady
standing in the dock, "and you may take advantage of a man's privilege of pay
ing 116, to avoid serving three days in the City Prison. Next."
» [/Sketched in the courtroom, by a "Call" artist.]
over "The Cottaee," the resort near the
Twelfth-street dam, was settled by the
City Council to-night. After hearing the
protests and the manner in which the li
cense had been transferred the Council
ordered the Chief of Police to close the
place altogether.
Their Children Were Married.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— The parents
of Emile Maggis and Mary Jane Thorold
were surprised to-day to discover that
their children were married. The records
of the County Clerk's office show that
Emile and Mary Jane had obtained a mar
riage license sometime ago and swore that
tney were 21 and 19. They elooed and
were married. Their parents assert that
they are only 17 and 16 years old and
threaten arrest if they do not separate.
Overcame the Temptation.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— Rev. C. E.
Jefferson has arrived home at Chelsea,
Mils*., and in his speech to his congrega
tion lie said, referring to his cali from this
city:
"To deny the call to California was to
resist a strong temptation. The church
there has a membership of 1200. It is the
largest Congregational church west of Chi
cago, the people are hospitable and the j
climate is beautiful; but I prefer to re
main in the East."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alnxneda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,? I
t>OS Broadway, May 11. j
Judge John Ellsworth, who recently had his
left arm broken, held court to-day with his
arm in a sling.
Tom Nichols, who appeared to be a little
queer, will be discharged, 'as he seemed all
right after a day in the county cooler.
The Baroteau family differences will proba
bly not be aired in court, as the divorce case
has been referred to the Commissioner.
Herbert S. McCormick, a railroad brakeman,
has filed a petition in insolvency by his attor
ney, H. S. Aldricn. He owes $338 90, and his
assets are nominal.
The meeting of the Board of Supervisors was
adjourned to-day immediately after rullcall,
so that the members might attend the annual
Stato session, which opened this morning in
San Jose.
The residence of Mrs. Ada McFarland, 1204
Tenth avenue, was entered by burglars last
niu:h t between 8 and 9 o'clock, while the fam
ily were at church, and some trinkets and
jewelry stolen.
Local merchants are in the receipt these
days of counterfeit quarters, half dollars and
dollars to an extent which shows that the city
is being quite successfully -'worked" by
j makers and handlers of spurious coin.
Notice has been given by the attorneys for
George S. Montgomery in the suit in which
Mr-. Emma A. Thompson and her husband
were awarded $12,500 damages, of intention
to move for a now trial on the ground of mis
conduct of the jury.
George Gates has sued the San Benito Irriga
tion Company and its individual stockholders
for $120,000 worth of stock which he claims
was to be given him for service rendered in
procuring riehts ol way and options on land
in various counties.
Mrs. Clark, mother-in-law of C. B. Wright,
who keep!* h hotel ai Alameda Point, was seri
ously injured last week by being crushed
against a heavy wagon in the press of the
crowd ou the Webster-street bridge. Her dress
wan caught in the hub of the wagon and she
was dragged several yards.
AFTER YOUNG PATRIOTS
| Admiral Porter Post Will Make
Special Efforts for the
Children.
A Pretty Display ef Youthful Talent
to Be Made at Fraternal
Hall.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 11. j
Admiral D. D. Porter Post No. 169, G.
A. X., has started a movement for the in
culcating of patriotism among the chil
dren.
Comrade Charles E. Lancaster has been
charged with the auty of inaugurating the
idea with a "children's nieht," to be held
on Friday of next week. Every member
of the post has been notified and every
thing that will tend to insure success will
be welcomed.
"The co-operation of all i» needed," said
Mr. Lancaster. "If there are any children
in your family who can offer anything to
add to a programme of exercises please
forward the names to me at once, stating
what he or she will do and giving the title
of the piece.
"Have your child or children brine
flowers to the hall children's night, and
where possible have them worked into at
tractive designs, such as stars, shields, etc.
"If possible have your child or children
display knots or bows of ribbon in the
'■ National colors, and provide each with a
■ small flaz worn on breast or shoulder.
' Please teach your child or children to sing
the "Battle Hymn of the Republic," or
"Rally Round the Flag, Boys!" and
"America," that these songs may be sung
by them in concert. Dress your children
in lieht colors as far as you may be able to
do -< •.
"If your friend or neighbor has a bright
child who can render well a song or reci
tation invite it to take part, accompanied
by its parents."
Tne children will also take a prominent
part in the Memorial day exercises.
BLIND MEN ARE ACTIVE.
Two Important Additions to Be
Made to the List of Manu
factured Goods.
Hammocks and Pushbrcoms Meet
With the Approval of the
Directors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, May 11. >
An important step was taken by the
directors of the Blind Home at to-night's
meeting. They decided to add hammocks
and pushbrooms to the materials already
manufactured at the ht>me. This will, it
is stated, add materially to the income
earned by the inmates.
It all came about by a request from the
inmate-, who have met and discussed plans
which they believed would result in bene
fiting themselves.
It was the regular monthly meeting and
there were present Directors Coogan,
Hirshberg and Glascock. Directors James
and Leach were absent. The latter has
attended only one meeting since the board
\v;is reorganized and then sent his resigna
tion to the Governor, which has not" yet
been accepted.
Superintendent Hayes in his report
says : "I am glad to report the sales for this
month have materially increased, being
4G07 brooms over January sales, 4406 over
February and 2868 over Martfh and our
brooms are giving better satisfaction."
SATISFIED AS IT IS.
Majority of the Residents of Llvermore
Decide That They Do Not Want
to Re in corporate.
LIVERMORE, Cal., May 11.— A very
exciting election was held to-day, the
most important question before the voters
being the reincorporation of the town as
a city of the sixth class. The reinco rpor
ators were headed by Editor R. W. Lllis
and the opposition by* H. H. Pitcher, the
banker.
A peculiarity of the returns is that al
though the Pitcher candidates for Trus
tees were all defeated, the project to re
incorporate was also defeated. The new
Board of Trustees is in favor of reincor
poration.
The results of the election are:
Trustees— S. Feller, J. L. Mitchnll,
George Beck, A. W. Feidler and J. L. Me-
Keown. These nve are the successful
candidates, defeating tlit Pitcher ticket,
composed of H. H. Pitcher, J. V. Ryan,
Pat Callahan, A. Bristorious and Joseph
Fletcher.
George Taylor was elected Marshal and
W. H. Wright succeeds himself as As
sessor.
The reincorporation vote stood: For
30, against 73, and was therefore hope
lessly defeated, the small vote showing
that little interest was taken in the matter.
• m •
Commencement Exercises.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 10.— The com
mencement exercises of the State Univer
sity will take place next Wednesday at
Harmon Gymnasium. The subjects of the
commencement theses and the speakers
are as follows: "The Profession of Engin
eering," Harry H. Hirst; "Progress from
Status to Contract," Hubert C. Wyckoff;
"What the Novel May Do for the Student,"
Eleanor Bennett; "Beauty the Measure of
Educational Values," Theodore de La
guna; "Protessioal Education," M. C.
Flaherty. Music will be furnished by the
Glee Club.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
' A.Rochambeau and Marguerite Johnson, 34—23.
W. V. Brown and Annie B. IJallam, 22— 2 a.
C. Tredlnnick and Minnie J. Noble, 24— 26.
F. B. Forre and Mary M. ntio, 23—18. '
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed:
Grace £. Whitman against Horace X. Whitman.
Annie Llija egainst 11. Oscar l.ilja.
Isabelln M. Williams against Richard S. Williams.
"births— deaths. =
mirth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication clHces and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorize!
to have the same published.
BORN.
JONES-In this city, May 2,1896, to the wife of
Samuel A. Jones, a son.
LENNON— In this city. May 10, 1898, to the wife
of T. J. Lcnnon, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city, May 10, 1896, to the wife
of A. A. O'Brien, a son.
SCHMIDT— In this city, May 5, 1896, to the wife
of H. F. H. Schmidt, a son.
TRAVTNF.R— In this city. May 7, 1896, to the
wife of Theodore Trautn»r, a son.
TAUSSIU— In this city, May 9, 1896, to the wife
of S. Tausslg. a son.
WALLACE— In this city, April 17, 1896, to the
wife of John Wallace, a daughter.
WEBB— In East Oakland. May 8. 1896, to the wife
of W. T. Webb, a son.
MARRIED.
BILLINGTON— RABCHEN— In this city, May 9,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, G. Grant Bll-
llngton and Anita Rascben.
LUBIN— In this city. May 10, 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Isaac Benas and Jennie
Lubin.
DXL VALLE— NEWFIF.LD— In this city, May
10. 1896. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Jacob J. Del
Valle and May Newfleld.
FRANKE— BKCKER -In thiscity. May 10. 1896.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Gustav H. Franke
and Margaret ha Becker.
HEINECKE— STRUCKMANN— In thiscity, May
10. 1«98. by the Rev. J. Fuendelliig, Fritr
Heinecke and Klise Struckmann.
LISPKLL— RICE— In San Rafael, August 15,
1895. Fred A. Lisdell and Mrs. K. F. Rice, both
of Oakland.
TREDINNICK— NOBLE— In this city, May 10,
1893. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Charles
Tredlnnlck of San Francisco and Minnie Jessie
Noble of Ia)8 Angeles.
DIED.
Backus. Catherine Laponble, Daniel
Couesoon, Joseuhlna I.arkin, George B.
Coimann, Barbara M. Mahoney. Mrs. E.
Knos. Frank S. Meyer, Christina
Edwards, Justus Huff Miner, Richard H.
Einttteld, Peter Nordline, Oerald
Fennel, Caroline O'shea. Thomas
Gebhardt. Frederick; Keynolds. Clara
Gale, Roxana Sheridan, Mary C.
Hart, Dorcas Sattrr, Adam
Incell, Harry W. Steo'.e. Samuel J.
Jelllnus. William Thomas, Charles W.
Kennedy. Mary Wintworth, Florence
Larsen. Annie C. Zeiner. Emma
BACKUS— In this city. May 11. 1896, Catherine
. Backus, beloved mother of Captain Charles and
Meta Backus, . and grandmother of Katie,
Amende, Clara anil Charles Backus, a native of
Germany, aged 86 years and 5 months.
Jf3~Frlends and acqnalntances are respect-
folly invited toa'.tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence 01 her son, 4331 Twentieth street. Inter-
men-. 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. , j
COUE3NON— In the City and County Hospital.
May 11, 1896, Josephine Cenesnon, aged 60
years. .
ANN— In this city, May 9, 1896. Barbara M.,
beloved wife of Martin Colmann, and mother of
Mrs. B. NabPr, Mrs. Rose Norris, Mrs C. W.
Heyer, and Martin, George and Alma Colmonn.
and sister of Mrs- Rose Bernard!, Pblllpp.- Geb-
hardt, and the late Mrs. Km ma and • Mary
Bulilc»rt, a native of Germany, aged 58 years 2
months and 19 days. Past Grand of Walhalla
Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130. I. O. O. F.
aa-Frlends and acquaintances am rasoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock r. m., under the auspices
of Walhalla Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130,
I O. O. F., from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Seventh
and Market streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. \ . J% :
EINSFKLP-In May 9. 1898. Peter, be-
loved hnsband of the late Nellie Klnsfeld, and
father of Peter, Harry M.. George A. and Joseph-
ine Elnsfeld. a native of Germany, aireJ 55 years
1 month and 1 day. [Ban Jose papers please
copy.J
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
EDWARDS— In this city. '■ May 11. 1896,: at his
residence, 1833 San Carlos avenue, Justus Huff
Edwards, a native of Vermont, aged 69 years
.and IB days. .■ : . ."■'.. '
ENOS— In this city. May 10, 1896, Frank S., dearly
beloved son of Frank S. and Annie Knos. and
: brother of Rosie. and Harry Enos.* a native
• of Ban Francisco, aged 4 months and 27 days. •:
■ JM- Friends . and acquaintances aw respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock M.. from his parents'
residence. No. 1«26 leavenworth street. ■ Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FENNEL— In this city. May 10, 1896, Caroline
Fennel, widow of the late Henry Fennel, and
beloved mother of Henry T. and Jacob Fennel,
Auction $ales
GEO. F. LANSOJ, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Koitrny Street.
THIS PAY.
Tuesday .....May 12, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises
1418 HYDE STREET, NEAR A iKSON,
I WILL SELL
THE ELEGANT PIANO AND FURNI-
TURE OF RESIDENCE.
COMI'KISINO ...
One Magnificent-toned and Finished Upright
Piano, Stoddard maker, cost $400: klegunt Parlor
Set, 5 pieces, in Brocadfs an i Silt: Plush; Hand-
some Odd Chairs. In rich covers; Klegan; Lace
Curtains: Cos. ly Ornaments; Magnificent Carpets
throughout the house: very Elegant Secretary;
Folding Bed in Oak: 3 Handsome Chamber Suis;
Extra Hair Mattresses, Fine Pillows and Spreads;
Best White Blankets; Handsome Lounges: Mne
Extension Table: Dining Chairs: Silver-plated
Ware; Fine ( hina and Glassware; Superior Im-
proved Range: Agateware; kitchen requisites, etc.
Tebms— Cash.
GEO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUUTIOr HOUSE,
319-321 butter St., above Grant Aye.
SPECIAL SAL.E
AT SALESROOM TO-DAY,
Tuesday May 12, 1896.
At 11 O'ClOCk A. M., '
Of $5000 'Worth of Men's and Youths'
Clothing and Ladles' and Children's
'Wearing Apparel,
... COXSISTINO OF
Fine Cheviot, Worsted and Casstmere Suits and
Trousers, latest shapes in Hats, Neckwear, Ho-
siery, etc.: Ladies' and Children's Underwear,
Skirts, Corset Waists, Hosiery, tine Laces and
Embroideries. Linens, Silk and l.men Threads,
Linings, Buttons, Cloves. Handkerchiefs, etc.
S. Ii v.-ell. Auctioneer.
Note— Above line of goods are new and seasona-
ble and the best that can be bought.
J. ('. MOTHER, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Tuesday : May 12, 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m.,
At 818 FOLSOM ST., NEAR FOURTH,
THE FURNITURE
Of Eight Well-Furnished Rooms,
CONSISTING OF
Five Chamber Suits: two Ranges: a fine lot of
Carpet; Bedding, and all kinds of useful house-
hold goods. - /. V, :
ALL MUST BE SOLD, <
J. C. MUTHER. Auctioneer.
AUCTIOmLE !
Alivlllhl aALb !
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE AND ORIENTAL GOODS.
410 Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday.....' May 12, 1896
At 2 P. M.
AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sol 1 regardless of cost.
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladies attending the
sale, free of any charge.
I Chairs reserved for ladies.
I K. T. KRELAR, Anctlonpfr.
Mrs. C. Hellwig and Mrs. George CL Wood, a vo-
tive of Germany, aged tJ3 years 10 months and 4
days. A member of the San Francisco Frauen
Verotn. f Los Angeles papers please copy.]
£?~Friendi and Acquaintance) arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of Mr. X Ilellwlg. 1236 Guerrero street, near
Twenty-fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— The
officers and funeral committee are hpreby in-
vlted to assemble THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 1
o'doclc p. if., at their meeting-rooms. Druids'
Hall, 413 suiter a:reet, to attend the funeral of
oar late memoer. Mrs. Caroline Fennel.
MKS, AN">A SL'HR, President.
Mns. Anna Moas, Secretary.
GEBHARDT— In this city. May 10, 1896, Fred-
erick, eldest son of the late Teresa and Frederick
i-« tihardt and beloved brother of Mary, Charles
and George Gebhurdt, a native of San Francisco,
»ged 3-1 years 5 month* and "J8 days.
A «' Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
family residence, 25*.£ Hardy street, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth. Interment Calvary
Cemetery.
GALE— In this city, May 11, 1896, at her lute
residence. 1015 Pacific street, Roxana (tale, be-
loved mother of James K. Currin and grand-
mother of James A. Currin, a native of Virginia,
aped 71 years.
HART— In this city, Slay 12, 1896. Mrs. Dorcas
Hart, beloved wife of Michael Hart and sister of
Mr-. H. Rickey of Vlrprin'a City, Nev., and Mrs.
E. Cummins, a native of Queenstown, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 63 years.
Kf Friends mil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 18 Chesley street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
INCELL— In this city. May 11. IR9H, Harry \V.
Incell, beloved son of Ada lncell and the iate
William H. Incell and brother of William and
Arthur Incell, a native of Nlies, Alameda County,
Cal., aged 35 years ana 11 months.
JELLIXGS— In Alameda, May 10. 1896. William,
beloved husband of 1. K. Jellings, and father of
Elizabeth. Edward and William Jellings, a na-
tive of Welllnuham, Cambridge, England, aged
65 years 0 months and ly days.
«3"Frlends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday!, at
1:30 o'clock P. M.. ironi his lat« residence. 1819
San Jose avenue, Alameda. Imermea; Mountain
View Cemetery.
KENNKDY— In this city. May 10, 1896, Mary, be-
loved daughter of Thomas and the late Bridget
Kennedy, sister of William J. and the late John,
James F. and Thomas W. Kennedy, a native of
San Francisco, aged '28 years.
JttTFrleruis ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(\Vednesdav), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 1602 Hyde street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, Van N^ss avenue and Broadway,
wnere a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOClETY— Members
cf Catholic I adies' Aid Society, Brancn No. 'J5,
are requested to attend the funeral services of
our late sister, Ms\ry Kennedy, to be held TO-
MORROW (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. it,
from St. Bridget's Church, Broadway and Van
Ness avenue. By order,
J. DRTJRY, President.
M. Joxes, Secretary.
LAPOFBLE— In this city. May 9, 1896. Daniel
l.upoubli', Deloved husband of Mrs. Marie La-
pouble.and father of Mathilde. Ernest and Mat-
tie Lapouble. a native of France, aged 38 years
4 months and '26 days.
JKjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
resilience. Haves Pane Laundry, 5*4 miles On
Mission road, thence to I. O. O. P. Hall, Seventh
and Market streets, underthe auspices of Franco-
American Lodge No. 207, J. O. O. F. Interment
I. U. O. b\ Ceiumerv.
LARKIN— In this city, May 9, 1896, George 8.,
beloved husband of Johanna Larkin, and father
of John J. i arkin, a native of Providence, K. L,
aged 68 years and 1 day.
Huf Krienas aud acquaintances ar» resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS IiAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock A. v.. from his late resi-
dence, 11*24 Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high ma«s
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, eom-
incncine at 9a. m. Interment in Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LARS-vEN— In Oakland, May 11, 1896, Annie
Christine, beloved wife of Alfred Lar*en, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 39 years 2 months and 7
days.
MAHONEY— In San Jose, May 9, 1896, Mrs.
Klizabeth Mahoney, wife of the late Edward
Mahoney, heloved mother of John F., Eugene
and t.tlward Mahoney, Mrs. William J. Ford
and Mrs. K. R. Moffitt, a native of Ireland, aged
(54 years.
flE9"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. M , from her late resi-
dence, 81-V2 HalgHt street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commercing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
MEYER- In this city. May 11, 1896, Christina
Meyer, a native of Sun Francisco, aged 14 years
and 7 months.
*S" Friends and acquaintance* are resnecc-
fuiiy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of Peter Lippold, Ran Bruno road, near
Four-mile House. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MINER— In this city, May 11, 1896. Richard H.
Miner, a native of Washington, D. C.
NORDLING— In tnis city, May 11, 18H6. Oerald,
beloved son of Julius and Albertine Nordling, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 6
months.
O'HHEA-In this city. May 10, 189 S. Thomas,
husband of the late Annie O'Shea. and father of
Henry O'shea, Mrs. L. Fenton and John O'Shea,
and brother of Martin O'shea of Virginia, a na-
tive or .Nowdda, County Clare, lreianJ, aged 77
years.
A9~Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a. lend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the San Francisco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth, thence to
Holy Cross Church for services, commencing at
2:30 o'clock p. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. May V, 1896. Clara, be-
loved daughter of Nellie aad toe late Daniel
CIIAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
SaleBrooms-1135 Market Street.
Between Seventhand Eighth. Regular Sale Days,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 76L
THIS DAY,
Tuesday..... ..May 12, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. it, at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
....WE WILL SELL
One Upright Piano; Mfror-Front Folding
H.mls: Parlor Sets; Bedroom Sets in Oak
and Walnut;
Hair and Spring Mattresses: Best of Bedding;
Carpet*; Bookcases; Dishes: Sideboard: Exten-
sion Tables; Hatracks; Paintings: Chiffoniers;
rockery; Glassware; Stoves and Han^es, Etc.
•■ CHAS. LEVY & CO., Auctioneers.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 518 L
THIS DAY
Tuesday ....May 12, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m. on the premises.
1309 Jackson St., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde,
....WE WILL 6KLL....
THE ELEGANT PARLOR, BEDROOM
and DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.
Brussels Carpets: Fine Bedding: one Mirror Front
Folding Bed: Kitchen Furniture, etc.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
HARNESS, DRAFT AND WORK HORSES
j£^ JS^ .£&
PROPERTY OF
ESTATE OF HON. J. Q. FAIR,
LAKEVILLE RANCH.
-A-t Auction!
THIS DAY.
Tuesday May 12, 1896
AT 11 A. If., AT
SALESYARD
Corner Van A'css Aye. and Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Horses at yard Saturday, May 9.
Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., S. F.
VARIETY STORE,
TO-DAY AT 11 A. M.,
428 SHCTVELL ST., NEAR 10TH,
BET. HOWARD AND FOLSOM,
Fine Line of a General Variety Store.
....ALSO....
Elegant Showcases, Counters and Scales
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
■ 19 Montgomery street.
SPECIAL SALE.
£^ £* OF £?& fe
80 Head Broken and Unbroken Horses,
branded J D, from the Dean Ranch,
Nevada.
AT SUNSET HORSE MARKET,
220 Valencia Street, near Fourteenth,
THURSDAY. •;;.
Thur5day............ May 14, 1896
At 11 o'clock.
N. B.— We call the especial attention of milkmen,
butchers, bakers, teamsters, ranchers, grocers, .
liverymen and all purposes where good, tough
hardy horses are required, same stock of horses
having been sold In this market for years and
always gave satisfaction: they wear like Iron;
easy to handle; age from 4 to 6 years; weigh from
900 to 1400 pounds. Will be sold without any
ret»Tv • o**l mi (whatever.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers,
cilice, 327 sixth si.
Reynolds, sister of Charles, Annie, Alice, Ray-
mond and Nellie Reynolds, and niece of Mr. and
Mrs. J. Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years 6 mouths and 13 days.
Jffl"Trienil3 and acquaintances are reaDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence or" her mother, 9 Kate street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Jos-
eph's Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— In this city, May 10, 1898. Mary
Cecelia, dearly beloved wife of Eugene Sheridan,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. Ke'.ly, sister of
Sis er M. Angeiine, Notre Dame Convent, Han
Jose, and Dennis. Myles, William. Frank, Mag-
gie mnd Belle Kelley, a native of Columbia,
Tuo'umne County, Cal., aged 23 years 10 months
and 5 days.
*S-Frlends ana acquaintances aro resoect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, "525 Folsom streo:, thence to St.
Peter's Cnurch, Alabama street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEELE— In this city, May 10, 1996, Samuel J.,
beloved husband of Julia A. Steele, a member
of Leo Assembly No. 4, Y. M. C. U., a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 39 years 1 month and 7 days
t «" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(\\ ednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 2 Crooks place, off Townsend street,
between Third and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SATTER— In this city, May 10, 1896. Adam Bat-
ter, beloved brother of Peter Satter of Olney, Or.,
and Josephine Kindel of Forest Grove, Or., and
uncle of Mary Satter and Mrs. Francis Schmidt
of San Francisco, a native of Klingenmuensten,
Rheinpfalz, Bavaria, Germauy, aged 56 years 10
months and 5 days. A member of Eureka Lodge
N o. 6, O. H. &
ffS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
tnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday) at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Gantner & Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by 10:4b o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
THOMAS— IB thiscity. May 10, 1896, Charles W.
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherina Thomas,
father of Kthel and Violet Thomas, son of George
Thomas, and brother of Samuel, George, Arthur
and Francis Thomas and Mrs. Fanny Hatton,
a native of England, aged 31 years. [Boston
papers please copy.J
aa"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. v.. from his late rest-
den c, 1133Va Harrison street. Interment LO.
O. F. Cemetery.
WHITWORTH- In this cltv. May 10, 1896,
Florence Whit worth, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Olive O'Hunter, and mother of Launes Hunter,
and sister of J. C. Hunter, a native of Indiana,
aged 4? years.
j£3~Frlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 611 a Fell street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
ZElNEll— ln thiscity. May 9,1896, Emma, be-
loved wife of Wendelin Zeiner, and mother of
Herman Zeiner, a native of Landshut, Schle-
sien, Germany, aged 46 years 2 months and 17
days. A member of Walhalla Rebekah Decree
Lodee No. 130, I. O. O. F., and Schuetzeo Damen
Verein. [Detroit (Mich.) and Chicago (111.)
papers please copy.]
flS~Friends anrt acquaintances sre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 oclock p. m.. from I. O. O. P.
Hail, corner of seventh and Market streets.
Interment r. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I. O. O. F. —Members of Walhalla Rebekah Degree
Lodge No. ISO, I. O. O Jr.. are hereby notified to
attend tne funeral of our late sister, Emma
Zeiner, at I. O. O. K. HaII.THISDAY (Tuesday),
at i o'clock p. m., and also the funeral of our late
sister, Barbara Coleman. P. G., at 1 o'clock p.|X.>
at the s ame hall. By order of N. G.
BETTIE JOOST.
"" UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Every Kequisite for First-class Funerals
. . at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I ~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM KRS,
tO ruth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
- Telephone 8080.
(Jas. McMiNtufirT^ Crab. McMisomit.
JAMES MoMENOMKY & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBALMEB3,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 8384. >
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARKW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
. UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMED
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone So. 156.
■- ; — — — r— — —-——-— — — — — ■— •
flk. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Lv«jJSU»2SkeAENYST. Eatabllshed
tJTiffvjwa lll lS»4 for the treatment of Private
: aJDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>25KEABKYNT. Established
in 1 554 for the treatmentof Private
Diseases. Lout Manhood. Debility or
*S^siJ?v3a disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
i •WwssEwMß Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
: hSSSSSSS others fail. 1 Try him. Charges low.
i^V«fcjSSlfcijfcjC"ure«sr»J* lr nnt*«»d. Callorwrite.
, Dr. 4, JF. «IBB9»i Box ISI37. San tfraaclso*
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai._>-
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever}
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— &9O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock, f
. 339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ops*
an til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ~~
(£ssp~ CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, ■
IB"^ R. A. M.. will meet THIS
(TUESDAY) EVENING. May 12. at 7:30
o'clock. R. A. degree. By order of the H. P. /V^
. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
B!_3p ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F. a
EE"-*"^ and A. M.— First degree THIS _rV
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. "W'jf
: A. S. HUBBARD. sec. ry '
CESIp PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND _
tt-©' A. M.. 121 Eddy su. meets THIS A.
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. First degree. *Jsijt
• GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec f^^
■|_3p« GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30. II
BCe' F. and \. M.— Called meeting THls^^^
(TUESDAY) EVENING. May 12, at 7:3o^_T
o'clock. D.I. GEO. J. Homo, Secretary. r^r^
s£7S= OFFICERS AND MEMBERS <^WJ£»>
£I— £> of the Franco- American Lodge S^*_3BJ^.
No. 207, I. O. O. P., are requested to "^SjSStaS!?
attend a special meeting to attend the ' //ll\v
funeral of our late brother, D. Lapouble, TUES-
DAY, May 12, 1896, ai 1:30 p. M.at their ball.
Seventh and Market sis. By order N. G.
R. LavioNK, Secty. T. SEHABIAGUE.
■E""S» OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF LEO
»~-& Assembly No. 4, Y. M. C. U., are requested
to assemble at 2 Crook's place, off Townsend St.,
between Third and Fourth, on WEDNESDAY,
May 13, at 8 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late brother. SAMUEL
J. STEELE. By order of
P. MOLLOY, President.
! J. J. Sheahak, Recording Secretary.
«__» PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
•»■-*» ties are requested to call on J. C. HOWE,
Commercial Printer, 636 Clay su, for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
priming.
*__S> ANNUAL MEETING.— THE REGULAR
E^B? annual meeting of stocknolders of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market su, San Francisco. Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day oi May, 1896, at the hour of 11 a. _
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1,
at 3 P. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
tt__s= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
fit--* ' annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine su, room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock P. _.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the. ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'cock p. m. GEO. R. SPINNEY, Sec.
• Office— 3lo Pine sU, room '.8. San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
e"nti re
tS"*^ charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine st. . .
»__? THE COPARTNERSHIP HERETO-
IS*^ fore existing between MONAHaN <fe
SHILLCOCK is this day dissolved by limitation.
HENRY MONAHAN,
H. J. SHILLCOCK.
San Francisco, May 11. 1896.
B_ss=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
•*■-* 7 collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy su.' room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
CUPERIOR COOK DESIRES A SITUATION:
O understands all branches of cooking: 2 years
last place. MISS CULLEN. 3.3 cutter st.
THIRST-CLASS COOKS, CITY OR COUNTRY,
r $25 to $35; second girls. $15 to $25: infants'
and children's nurses, $15 to $20; general house-
work girls, *15 to $25, city or country, registered
at MISS HICKEY'S, 1033 Post St.: teL Sutter 52.
VT UMBER OF FIRST-CLASS «iIRLS AWAIT-
-Ll ing situations— chambermaids and girls
for housework. MRS. JiIKD. 721 Ellis.
BY COMPETENT ELDERLY WOMAN TO DO
cooking and housework; city or country:
wages $10 to $12. Address C. C, box 31. Call.
DIN AVIAN GIRL WISHES ASITUA-
O tion to do general housework. Call or address
40i,<8 Ritch su. near Folsom.
OOD COMPETENT COOK. WHO THOR-
ougbly understands her business, wants situa-
tion in private family; will do housework: city
reference. Call 611 Valencia st.
\ T OUNG WOMAN WISHES WOKK BY THE
X day at washing. ironing or housecleaning.
Please call at 948 Howard St., in the rear.
pEKMAN WOMAN WANTS POSITION TO
VT do housework. Call 744 Howard st.
ANTED— BY LADY POSITION AS HOUSE-
" keeper or chambermaid in city or country.
Addrtss MRS. B. J., 1019 Wood St., Oakland, Cal.
\\. r ANTED— BY A YOUNG LADY POSITION
'» in a dressmaking shop or work at home;
wag* ssl per day. Call or address 1809 Steiner st.
GIRL 15 YEARS WANTS A SITUATION IN
family of two to do housework; refeiences
• exchanged. Call or address 520 Third su
RE^SMAKER, FIR&T-CLASS CUTTER AND
titter, wishes work by the day; $1 25. 1717
—Ills st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
yj mind children «nd do upstairs work. Call 32
Freelon su, near fourth and Br.inn.tn.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
vT do gener.il housework and cooking: German
family preferred. < 'all or address 928 Jackson st.
p IRL WOUJ.DTIKE SITUATION TO TAKE
VJ* care of baby and sew; sleep home. Address
2022 Folsom sU
ANTED-BY COMPETENT WOMAN, A
»» place to do housework or cook: Is a good cook;
hashes*, of reference; no objection to short dis-
tance in the country. Address 1924 San Carlos
aye.. bet. Mission and Valencia sis.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework: wages $20. Call 1248
Twenty-third su, nr. Castro. .
A ' OUNG ENGLISH LADY WOULD ATTEND
X on young ladies or children: used to traveling,
or go as second girl. Address W. 8., box 100, Call
SEAMSTRESS, FIRST-CLASS FIT, WILL
sew reasonable for good home: will assist with
light wook. Address by letter L. CLARK, 1208
Lombard st.
osition wanted by competent
Swedish girl for cooking or housework. 147
Thirteenth st. ■ .v?~-
V RESPECTABLE YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL
to do general housework; good laundress: city
reference. Call 2052 Mission st.
"DESPECTABLK WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
XV tton to do general housework: good plain cook
and laundress; many years's references. Call or
address 364 Jessie St., near Fifth.
WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF SEWING
or mending by the day; terms 75c per day.
Call or address J. SCELLA, 3 Keys alley, off Pa-
cific sU, near Powell. .
WANTED— SITUATION BY GERMAN GIRL
''in small family; housework and plain cook-
ing. Call at 1602 Washington st.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
general housework. Address 45 Sacramento st.
"PkKESSMAKER. THOROUGHLY UNDER-
XJ stands cutting and fitting, wishes work In fam-
ilies. Apply 62a Howard su • ,
WANT ED-POSITION AS CHILD'S NURSE
»" or nurse in confinement; best of references:
cheap. Address Nurse, 735 Folsom st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
in small private family to do general house-
work and cooking: will do small washing- city or
country. Call or address 193 Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES SITUATION
to do general housework in a small family-
wages $12, and will give reference. Call or address
616 Minna su, near seventh.
T/URSr-CLASS SEAMSTKESS would LIKE
X" sewing by the day with a dressmaker. 469
. Jessie st.
EXPr.RI. DAY AN_TnI_HT NURSE !
XJ wants position: good references. Address R.
L., box 13, this office. '
Y"O UIfG~GIKL WANTS PLACE TO DO GEN-
X eral housework. Call 1 100 Vi Stevenson st.,
near Market and Twelf :h.
IDDLE-AUED WOMAN WISHES PLACE
to do general housework, cooking or washing;
kind to children. Call or address 810 Howard st.
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEKPEK
"M.by -a. refined . m.ddle-i_;i-d widow lately
from tbe East. Address or cull 2.'5 Geary sU
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J tlon as working liousi Keeker. Call or address
217 Eddy st. '•. .
CIOOK— SITUATION WANTED; IS A FIRST-
/ class cook;' will do washing. ■ 314 Jessie su
YOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION JN *MALL !
--.—.'family- in country; home more object than I
wages.-. Y. G.. box 1 53, Cal Office. •
YOUNG (iIRL ABMIT J6 YEAKS OLD i
X wishes M'.U:t.O: Udo light . housework. Ap- i
ply o - addies < 101 Pr tclia aw., oil' Mission st. ■
WIUIW WA NTS ■ HOUSBK EEPEK'S • POM- I
iT litm, plal'i sewinjj or genllem n.i washing.' I
Call at S2i .Miss. 0.1 sl , room 3, first ll oar.
\\i ANTKi>— HUMK FOB U-BL 15 YEARS OLD
>» where she can assist with work and attend I
school; place ii'-r • lucre are only 2ln family;
■prefer Beroal Heights or Fremont School .district. !
A. a in si Or call iO'Sl Market eu, room 10 top tutor.
VOUSO WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF
X work; by the day. Call or address MRS.
c i. \ ;.K. 4 r> i ji i e___ta sU
COMPETENT YOU SU WOMAN WISHES SlT-
uft I . ion cook and laundress; city or country;
pood references: BBdmt— .ltds German and Ameri-
can cooking. Addres* C. V., box 7, Call Office. -. ."
VOUXO WOMAN FROM THE EAST WISHES
X place in city or country to do any kind o work;
lliicst references. ; 221 Minna su," ear Third.
T%REiSSMAKEK, : FIRST < LASS, WISHES TO
XJgoout by the day.'Apply 21 Van Ness ave,,r. 1.
•Y.O'JNG GIRL .\VAN'J'B:UEN_KAL HOUSE.
■ X work in private family: *1 5 to 318. Cull at
1910 vVeb_t< r St.. west end Alaraeda, near power-
house:' no postals- - /
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnasd.
V RSL-ABLB ~Ol_A_f, t>VBB HIDDLK
» > ace, as help to elderly couple or general help
to lady doiDg own cooking; would housekeep for
■ widower, with family or without. A dress MRS.
11.. 1065 East seventeenth su, Oakland: no pos-
tals.
C I T I 'ATIO>nWANTED BY A COMPETENT
*^ Protestant gir in privnte family; Is nood
rook: can give references. 207 Leaven worth bt.
yorNG lady wishes position as
X amanntnsls and copyist. 15 Eddy st., room 20.
»p WO SWEDISH GIRLS; FIRSI-eLASS~cT)ok
1 ami second cirl: want places loceth<?r;r!rst-class
references. Call or address 1522 rush St.
"r r rusT-t.'LAss"coo_r i pb i v a__t____~_t
I wants iKMiiion; understands all branches of
cooking; been in best families in England. Ad-
dress or call P.. 94" llowarl st.
L I I R ST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES FEW
X more engrt!:em-nts by the day. or take work at
home; terms $1 25 per day. 465 a Miuna st., near
sixth.
1)1 i.IABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
JV do general housework or second work. Call or
address H4ll_ llarri>;t>n st.
CIEBJ-A N W (>MA N WISHES A NA T KIND OF
J work by the day. Call for 3 days 358 Eleventh.
Rt-.t i.se.U YOIN<; LaDY, SPEAKS GERMAN
aud English, wishes positiou as 'ady's com-
panion; is handy in fancy-work. Call or address
ljs2o_S;ockton su, ciiy.
rtOOK, WELL RECOM MENDE D, DESIR"ES
\J situation; across the bay preferred. 2415 Clay
su ; no cams.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH
a child 6 years old would like to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry st., bet. Third and Fourth.
IVT IDOW °*" 34, WITH". YEARS' EXPERI-
» » ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming- house: is aiso _rst-ciass pastry
cook; can give be»t of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, Call Office.
N EXPERIENCED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
more work by the day: washing and house-
cleaning. Apply 2952 Mission su, near Twenty-
sixth.
SITUATION BY A COMPETENT WOMAN AS
»•-' seamstress, upstairs work or care of child or
children. Address 907 Dolores su
\'OUNG WOMAN, GRADUATE OF NORMAL
School, desires position as governess. Address
P. 0..b0x 18, Cnll Office.
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS GENTLE-
men's washing to take home. 732 Natoma su,
near Ninth.
/ 1 ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day. or work in a nice private family at light
housework or chamberwork. Apply at 26 Rltch
St., rear.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
I'rotestan: girl in private family; Is good cook;
can give references. 207 Leavenworth st.
\ V ' ' 'MAN WILL DO PLAIN WASHING AT
'» her own home; can wash flannels. Call 414V_
Fell st.. nearOctavia.
MIDDLE-AGED HERMAN WOMAN WANTS
placetodo housework, or as housekeeper: $10
to $12 per mouth; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 504 Howard st.
VOUXO LADY RECENTLY FROM EUROPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music: or lady's
companion: used to traveling; best or references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
ADY WANTS A POSITION AS HOU9E-
J keeper; city preferred. Apply or address
120y_ Geary sU, room 15.
W I*<-'hE.-» ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market: 200 room*: 25c to $1 5u per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; lonvenlent and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
situations wanted— male.
PhixesTand japa?ce^e w^mlpX6'yment
\J office: best help. 414^0' Farrell ; teL E. 42a
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V- help: tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
C.U. COOK'a SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
■ branches :shorl notice. 14 Geary. t *l. Grant 48.
J" W.JIM. CHINKSK-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
J' APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 3148 Slitter: teL Gram 30.
TTUNTKR A Ca, CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet . California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
OACHMAN (ENGLISH) WISHES SITUA-
\J tion in private family; is a good whip: can
drive anything up to four-in-hand; used to polo
ponies and hunters; first-class Australian and
New Zealand references. C. E . box 141. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY A DANE WHO
thoioughly understands the care of fast horses;
Is a first-class driver: can milk: has first-class
references. Address K. _> box 97, Call Office.
HARDWARE, TOOLS, ETC.; YOUNG MAN
desires position in city or country at once;
wages no object; not afraid of work. CAMP-
BELL. 1336 Bush st.
PAINTER AND DECORATOR, GOOD ALL-
round man, wants work. Address P. A., box
111, Call Office. >
VO UNO MAN (GERMAN-AMKRICAN)
X wants situation: understands taking care of
horse.i, cows, lmusecleaning and palming. Address
or call L. PHESJOR. 511 Pine St., city.
GARDENER, PRACTICAL, ENGLISH,
VJ si ngli-, wants situation, private or commercial
place; thoroughly understands gard riinn in all Us
branches. Address E. M., box 89, this office.
"DARBEKS-GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
XJ for $11 per week, city or country: good work-
man. Address Barber, box 16, Call office.
IDDLE-AGED MAN OF GOOD HABITS,
trustworthy, understands plain gardening,
care of horses and cows and all work about a place,
city or country; good references. Address Work.
box 5, Call Office. ■
POSITION TO COLLECT- ACCOUNTS BY A
eood reliable man. Address Reliable, box 99
Call.
rriRUSTWOKTHY YOUNG GERMAN WANTS
X employment us porter, butler, etc, about -busi-
ness or private place is also good gardener: can
rivi references or security if required. T. V., box
6. Call.
pOOD HOUSE-PAINTER WANTS WORK; $2
V J a day or $7 a week and fo Call or ad-
dress PAINTER, 711 California st., room 8.
A GOO COOK AND BAKEK WANTS SlTU-
atlon lor hotel, restaurant or boarding-house
city or country. Please call 545 Mission st.
p ARDENER, COMPETENT IN EVERY
VJ branch, • California experience and references,
desires situation. D. J., box 119, this office. - - « . • '.
VOUNO MAN, AGED 26. WISHES WORK:
X hanJy at anything: wages no object; refer-
ences. Address W., box 165, Call Office.
TMIRST-CLASS HOTEL, RESTAURANT OR
X" shop butcher wishes a place. 504 Ellis st.
SITUATION WASTED BY A GERMAN
O couple to take care of private place; wife good
housekeeper, man understands any kind of work:
city or vicinity. J. T., 3019 Pine su, city.
THIRST-CLASS TILE MANTEL AND GRATE
X setter wants work, city or country. Address
Tile, box 31, Call.
CTRONG BOY OF 18, RESIDING WITH PA-
-0 rents, wishes a situation in a butdier-shop; has
had some experience, 17 Beaver st.
FIRST - CLASS . UTTER AND TAILOK
wants a situation: city or country. Call or ad-
dress C. 8., box 28, rail Office.
I^IRBT-CLASS" STEADY BARBER WISHES
X position In country or summer resort. Address
JOS. GU YE, 869 Webster st., Oakland, Cal
( i ARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PKI-
VJ vate family; middle-aged; single. Address J.
O. C, box 163. Call Office.
AN AND WIFE, Sl-.W ENGLAND PEOPLE,
private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W.,
box 164, Call Office.
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FOR
engagement; 15 years' Callfornlao experience:
orchard, • vines, stock and general farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 312 V* Fulton sU
p ERMAN, EXPERIENCED GROCERY
VJ clerk wishes situation, city or country, or
general merchandise. Address F. X., box 31, Call.
W A NTED— POSITION IN DRY GOODS OR
' ' cents' furnishing store; am a hustler and have
had 5 years' experience. Address G. L. W., box
j 102. Call Office. '
G~ ARDENER AND FL .HIST, FIRST CLASS,
VJ 30, single, German, desires situation with pri-
vate family. Address CHARLES VoRBE' K. 316
.Fourth st.
I \VfIN~CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
I »» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus andjbaggage to and from the ferry.
• Winchester hoi— c, 44 third, NEAR
»* Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
lt>oms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $0 per
week: fret- hiiwiui . Imaeagp-o nnrj irorn the ferry.
FEMALE UKLP WANTED.
IPRKNCHOIHL, HOUSEWORK, $25; WAlf-
ress and parlormaid. $25: German nursery
governess $25: nurse, $-0; 16 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, as-
: slst. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU
| "OEFINED HOUSEWORK GIRL, $12: HOUSE"
J I- work girl, Salinas, Sl5, faro paid: cook, nmall
; boanllnsr-house, country, $30. MISS CULLEV
| 323 Suiter su - . * '
COLORED COOK, COUNTRY, $25! MISS
VJ CULLEN. 323 Sutler *..
VJEAT GIJtL. LIGHT WORK. COUNTRY, $15"
XX . fare paid. MISSCULLEN, 323 Sutter su
COOK. COUNTRY," S2O.""MIBS"CULLEN. 333
Sutler st. ■ '
A NEAT YOUNG WAITKESSES. NICE CITY
1 pu_ce; chambermaid and waitress, boarding-
house, city, $16 and room: German woman to
help in restaurant kitchen, $15 to $20; gin with
reierences for housework, city, $20;waltress, small
city restaurant. $17: German cook. Santa Barbara
$25; German second girl, Santa Barbara, $20: glrle
for housework, city and country, $15 and 820 C
B. HANSEN ■■• CO., 110 Geary au "
ANNIE BERUSTROM, THE CHAMBER-
maid, please report. C. R. HANSEN _CO
110 Geary su , ''
11' ANTED— COOK, BOARDING-HOUSK, $3oj
• '» see party here at 9 to-day; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6 week: German or Scandinavian
ranch rook. $2U; Protestant second girl, $20: cook,
no wash. American family. $30; German or French
second girl. $20, and girls of all nationalities for
cooking aud"housewcrk in city and country. - J. F
U&OBETT <_ CO.. 312 Su;ter st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
HELP WANTKP-Continnecl.
"girls for~oTen era! hoi sewor k,
American families, $15; also 2 girls for general
housework, Jewish families, $15. Apply MISS
KEY, 1033 Post St. .
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN.GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 3 fam, $15. MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post.
ANTED— Gf.RMAN COOK. COUNTRY HO-
" tel. $25 to $30: 2 French girls for housework,
$15 and $20: 2 German second girls, *-0: German
nursery governess, $25: nurse. $15: second girl,
small bonrdlne-house. ■ $16; girls for housework,
$2U, $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
WAITRESS, HOTEL NEAR CITY, $20;
»» waitress small country hotel. $18, fare ad-
vanced: cooks, second and housework girls, $25,
$20 and $15. MURRAY & RKAUV, 634 Clay st.
1 1' "ANTED- A EAT YOUNG SECOND GIRL
" for light place in country, $15: a first-class
Protestant cook, also a competent parlormaid and
waitress for same house, $35 and $25: a gen ral
housework girl, Oakland, $25: also a general
housework ■. irl, small ■ family in country,- $25:
chambermaid for hotel, $20. Apply Miss PLUNK-
ETT, 424 Sutler St.. -.
\\ ANTED— NEAT WAITRESS FOX A KAIL-
" road hotel, short distance In country, $20;
fare advanced If desired. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. , .
pEKMAN COOK, $35: CHAMBERMAID. $20:
VJ" seamstress, $26: 2 nurse girls. $15; 8 girls for
housework, wages $12 $25. MRS. HIKD, 721
Ellis st. ________
WAITRESS AND PLAIN SEWINgVn FAM-
m ily.of 3. $20: cook and help Iron, family 6,
$26: (German or Swede cook, family 6, $25. Ap-
ply J. P. JOHNSTON <_ CO., 872 Broadway, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth streets, Oakland.
OOK, CITY, 3 IN FAMILY,' $25: COOK,
small hotel, $25: man and wife, small restaur-
ant, $40;vhousegirl, plain cook, $25: Swedish
housegirl. 2 in family, $25; 4 boureglrls, country,
$20 to $25. Apply 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; MUST BE
X good cook. 1628 Sutter st.
/ "I OOD GIRL FOR RESTAURANT. 202 NINTH
VX street. , '
YOUNG GIRL TO TEND CHILD; $6; SLEEP
X home. Room 9, 404 Turk sU
p ERMAN GIRL, 14 TO 16, TO MIND BABY IN
VJ Mill Valley. 2 103 California su, bet. 12 and 1.
FIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKEBB. BOWHAY,
504 Sutter su
GIRL FOR CHILDREN AND ASSIST IN
housework. 1935 Howard su
G~" I'.RMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL: GEN-
eral housework and cooking. 123 Pierce St.,
near Halghu
INISHERS ON CUSTOM COATS. 14 Mc-
Allister su. room 19.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
435 Eddy su
ANTED— APPRENTICE WITH SOME EX-
*' perlence on coatmaklng. 837 Mission st.
lirOM_~ FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK?
»" Apply, with reference, 2228 Clay su, corner
Buchanan.
TMRSI'-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS WANTED.
J BOWHAY, 404 Sutter st.
» PPRENTICE ON MILLINEKY. ISO SIXTH
-t V streeu
OUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF BABY.
12-1 Eddy st. ■
ORPHAN GIP.L TO TAKE CARE OF TWO
children; school privileges. Call 219 Scott su
MAR YOUNG GIRLS TO WORK ON PANTS;
paid while learning. 1018 Howard st. -
A PPRENTICES WANTKD ON CUSTOM
ix coats; steady place. 966 Folsom st. ■
C~OLORE_> COOK, COUNTRY, $26. 323 BUT-
\J tersu '
"ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
"" light housework. 1217 Webster st.
\\T ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
" of» baby. 608 Oak >U .-- -•-.
GERMAN - SWISS GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 1309 Stockton st.
A* PPRENTICE AT VEST-MAKING. ROOM j
91. 6 Eddy st. ,
G1 IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, 1021
r Buchanan st.
I ' ERMAN OK SCANDINAVIAN GIRL TO DO
VJ* general housework. 123 Pierce st.
\\J ANTED-GOODTAILOKEsS ON CUSTOM- I
*•*• maoe coats. 373 Natoma su
S" MALL GIRL TO CAKE FOR CHILDREN.
1835 Bush su, call after 10.
STRONG"GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
housework : must be good cook; wages $20: ref-
erences. Address R. R., box 7, Call Omce.
W ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
»' school: con thorough : practical ; satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth su
LADY STENOGRAPHERS HOLDING THE
certificates of this agency are requested to call
on Monday morning, as we have such a position to !
ail. U. S. Industrial agency, Room 167, Crocker '
building
WANTED -ANY ONE THAT SUFFERS i
'''with stomach, bowel or kidney trouble, to call '
or address, with stamp for reply, DR. CRAIG, 14 ■
McAllister su, rooms 40 and 41.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
-'X Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market-
-200 rooms; _5c 10 $1 60 per night;' $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ASTHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dln'a Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRES3INO. 25c AND 35c; MORNING
and eve classes: lO)cssons,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES TO LEAKN DKESS CUT-
ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
DR E AKINU, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c en. McDOWKLL Academy. '-'!:< Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
ECOnTTcOOkT $SoTi«)OM7~ETC?rJIEN TO
tj peel tanbark; butcher, $50. board and room:
cook, $30 and room; cook. $10 a week and room-
waiter, $30. etc MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market su
HEAD" WAITER; $75. C R. HANSEN _ CO..
110 Geary st. '
EAD LAUNDRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEL,
$60 and found. C. K. HANSEN & CO. 110
Geary st.
DOOM CLERK, WITH CALIFORNIA EXPE~-
XI rience, for first-class hotel. C. R. HANSEX A
: CO., 110 Geary st.
9f| TIEMAKERS, 8c EACH; 6 WOODCHOP-
—yf pers. $1 50 a cord: 3 farmers. $20: stable-
RE^DY.^Tc 175 * MUKRAY *
PRINTER, YOUNG MAN. $25 AND FOUND"
X country: 3 cooks: 3 waiters; cook lunch 88
a week: cook aid wife, $30; second cook, lor saw-
mill; 3 milkers, $20. MURRAY <fe READY, 634
Clay su L '
T\ rANT X D-CARRIAGE-SMITII FOR COUN-
»» try, $4: miners. $2 75 a day; swampers-
cboreman for rnuntrv: cooks, waiters and others'
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento!
WANTED-COOK FOR KESTAUKANT. $10
'» a week; night cook, oyster-house. $8 a week •
night waiter, restaurant, $36: farmer and wire
$10: teamoter well acquainted In the city, $26
etc., at LEON ANDKE'S, 315 Stockton su
W ANTKD-GERMAN RESTAURANT. COOK.
'' $60: cook, $40; night waiter who can open
oysters. $35: dishwasher, plain hotel. $16; French
apprentice washer. $16: etc. LEON ANDRE. 315
Stockton st.
ANTED— DRIVER FOR MILK WAGON IN
" city, reference required, $30 and found: black-
smith for ranch. $35 and found: engineer for fac-
tory in country, $2 50 a day: gardener for an in-
stitution short distance in country, $30 and found ;
also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. EWER <_ CO., 626 Clay st. .
ANTED-A GERMAN MAN FOR MILK-
" ing and general work around a gentleman's
country home, $26 and found: references required.
Apply MISS NKETT, 424 Sntter su
T\ QUARTZ MINERS: STEADY WORK: $3 A
«a day. R. T. WARD A CO., 808 and 610 Clay su
TMKHT-OLASS DKY-GOODS MAN who is a
X 1 good advertiser and can manage a large busi-
ness; must be a rustler and thoroughly ■ com-
petent. Call U. 8. Industrial Agency, room 167
Crocker building. ' '
GENTLEMAN TO REPRK6KNT ILLUB-
-yj (rated Eastern journal in city, handling sub-
scriptions, etc. Address by letter only, with refer-
ences^ It., box 76, Cull Office.
t,^lßst-CLASS MAN FoR CITY, TO TAKE
X subscriptions for D. Applcton ._ Co.'s Town
and Country Library, on commission; advertiser
made $193 In 5 days: experience unnecessary
all between 9 and 10 a. _ 1 Flood onlldtng.
\\r A IED —SEVERAL GOOD SOLICITORS
"for paying business. HICKOK <fc CO., 873 V*
Market st. . "
STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN DOWN-
O town chophouse: owner is good cook. Call 210
lirumm st. from 8 till 2.
WANTED-STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
.store; salary $75 per month: ■ chance of in-
crease if deserving; must have $160 cash. Annlv
766 MarketsU. room 2. .
\\r AN I ED-GOOD SHOtMAKERFOR BOLES
*< ' and heels. sHun:st. ■
WA 5 TED— BB YOUNG MAN TC SING
on a small stage. 61 Clay su, room 7.
\l ' A NTED-SOLICITOK8; GOOD PAY. CALL
''611 Clay St.. room 7. . '
OOD FINISHERS on . COATS WANTED.
Inquire 324 Grant aye.
%ir"ANTED— BOOTBLACK. 131 ELLIS ST.
\\' OODWOKKKRS, , ATTENTION— A MASS-
»' meeting of Branch No. 115 (before Furniture-
worners' Union) will be held to-night at 8 o'clock.
1169 Mission st., to which all bench, mill and ma-
chine hands, as also turners and oodcarvers, are
cordially invited. .
•[CrEAT, INTELLIGENT BOY. HERMAN
-i.> i. OK! /,. 13 Trinity st. . .
Qj-nA MONTH WITH BOARD; $125 RE,
<%)O\J quired; good business. Business, box 15-
Call Oflice. .
MAN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 619 Filbert Ht.
ARBEB-SHOP. WORTH $300 FOR »150-
XJ going «__f bus.ii" STOLZ. 680 Market .«.
4FKESU"eGGs!, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS"
chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st. '
TJboTBLACK _WANTED7~"S3"fiFTH ST."" "
OUNG MAN TO MAKE HIMSELF USEFUL
X as second cook. 145 Tenth st. |
HELP WANTED-Conttnucd.
BOY IN CIGAR FACTORY; WAGES $2 OO~A
____vee_^_4lo Lar.<l 1 st .
\rr ANTED— BUTCHER AS PARTNER: M UST
•■ understand 10 take charge of shop: first-class
location and cash trade: $200 capital required.
Apply Leavenworth s ; and Broadway. ' '.
WANTED— A BLACK.-M TO WuKK ON
__ shares. 224 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
YOUNG MAN OR BOY TO learn bar-
X ber's trade. 427 Sau Pablo aye., Oakland.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A PARTNER IN
1 cash retail butter, egg*, smoked meats, deli-
cacies business, with $1110 capital; must be Indus-
trious and make himself useful in store: $&0 and
board guaranteed. Apply 10 to 5, 2016 Market st.
, UAKRKi:-SHoi>r\VKLi. LOCATED; CHEAP
1 rent and good business: $125 if sold at once.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 -Ills SU
IV AN T E D-ST EAD V, TRUST WORTH V
»» partner In restaurant; receipts $26; sure in-
crease; small capital required; guaranteed $75
monthly each. faTENBEKG CO., 632 Market.
C^OAT-MAKER WANTED ON* CUSTOM
V^ coats. 38 Grove st.
PEOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY B__»
. lly apply to 1616 Stockton sU
WANTED-BARBER WITH ONE YEAR'S
■ ■ ' ' experience. Address L., box 45, this office.
0 A BBKBS— W_NTKJ> FURNITURE: 1 OR 2
-l* chairs: fine condition; cheap. Barber, box
150, this office.
j , A R-SHOP FOR SALE. 737% MAKK-T
IJ su. opp. Examiner office; owner going East.
IJARBERS-FOR SALE; PAYING SHOP.
1 ■> Particulars apply L. S., 1208 Market st.
HOUSE PAINTERS WANTED— FIVE HOUSE
painters wanted at the new residence of W, S.
levis Esq., Stockdale, near Bakersfield: none but
first-class hands need apply to GEORGE J.
SMITH, on the premises.
QTEAMER PORTLAND, 900 TONNAGE, FOR
O Cooks Inlet. Alaska gold fields, sails about
the 16th of May; fine accommodations; fare $56;
»' t?, 1 , 6 , 1 ., 6 R ountlB baggage free. Apply
FKKD HOLMES, 60« Battery st.
W ANTED— MEN TO SOLICIT: BIG INDUCE-
T' ments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
"YEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.'
0.1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $2 50; reading-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls ;clean;qalet: open all night
OLD ESTABLISHED 3-CHAIR BARBER
shop; cheap if sold this month on account of
other business. 1308 Howard st.
YV INCH ESTER HOLSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
"*» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
/^ENTLEMAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
VJ city can find profitable employment by ad-
dresslnz p.. box 95, this office.
S. REMOVED 609 To 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ROOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50
XV, per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm St.
\V AN I E I)- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
»' cry su, clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful: suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
W ANTED- MEN TO LKARN BARBER
»' tiade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
CILEKKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 512 My, tei. m. 353.
ivUURQUIN'U CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER:
XJ Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
C^ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
) half-soleing 25c up. 969 Howard at., nr. Sixth.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
it some simple thin? to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A r-0., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washlncton, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ;•-*: •
BEST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\\ ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' em<_clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BKC-
re'.arv Barbers' Asso., 525 Grant are, a FUCH3.
IjARUEKS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) mem secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Sec'j% P. C. Hamann. 238 O' KarrelL
I IN DELL HOIsK, SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' sts.; single famished rms 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
0 Pacific su, below Kearny: lodging half price, sc.
10c, 15c pr night :clean beds. sunny rooms.no Dunks
"L-'OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-I'ENT
X meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
ANTED- _ABOKERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per right; $1 to $3 per week.
\Y r HAT cheer house, 529 sacramento
" St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
it) and 26c a night. $1 a week: meals 10c
\\ EN'S %-SOLING 50c; LADIEa' 40c: DONE
m while yon w_lu 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 ( 10 MEIN to TAKE lodginu AT ioc l&C
l\i\f and 20c a night. Including co9ee and roils.
C 2« Washington st., near Kftarny- ■
WE ARE SHOE DOCTOR*; WE REPAIR
• * your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; dune while you wait.
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep iv '
\j EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. teOME
■AL nearly new, 25c 10 $1 25. 662 Mission.
E* LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET MT.—
P.ooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $S week.
"UiREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOU *6c:
I also a bottl tof laser, sc, at 637 Clay su
FpSY ACME lAilsi., Jto7 .HAItKEI Kr., BK-
X low bixth. for a room: 250 a nl^ht: $1 a week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
' ' v-»ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week:
readln_-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
]]£ AGKNTS WANTED.
/CANVASSERS WANTED FOB "THE EARTH
\ Girdled." by De Witt Tulmage. Apply 1031
Market St., room D.
T ADY AGENTS WANTED— BIG INDUCE^
J-i m-n*». Apply 235 Post %t.. room 7.
yUKXITURK.WA.MKD.
ECOND-HAND FuirNiTUREwXNTED TO
fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AM ALONE. PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KINO'S, 3 Fourth st.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise seeBUBD, ill Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
BASCH. 321 SUTTER,- WANTS FURNI-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
Mayer buys your FURNITURE,
■ carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 76L
pALL ON J. C- MUTHER, 621~KEARNY. IF j
V.' you want highest cu»h price for your furniture
carpets, plnnog. or merchandise of any kind.
HO I^SKS WANTED.
Air ANTED TO R ENT BY JUNK I— COMFORt»-
'» able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street: Western Addition: for small family.
Addn-ss I erms. IN.siollj.-e box 2661.
PARTXKRS WANTED. "
WANTED— LIVE PARTNEK IN LIVE BUSI-
-»» ness; t'ZOW to $3000 capital: profiis large and
sure. A. hires* Liv . (m.x 34. Call.
WA.MKU-MI.SCKLLA.NEOUS. '
W ANTED - >~.m vi.i.(iiK\i'Ki,i;i'ißur_AT-
'» tery for medical use. Address 8., box 19. Call.
W ANTED — TENT 12x14; GOOD 11RDER;
' ' cheap. Add re- s C. A., box 60, this office.
SKLL YOUK lILHji'KsTl-lAi'rHlNu AND JKW
t elrr i.. A. i.Ki V 109 Sixth St.; oend postal.
. lost" ~
Lost— reat dane from 626 shotwell
Sunday. Return 510 -ansornest.; reward.
T OBT— A PA^S-BOOK WITHTHEHIBERNIA
•*■* Savings and Loan socictvof san Francisco In
the name of MARY C. BKENNAN, No. 208,050;
the tinder will please return to bank.
___^ FOUND.
rpUSD-LAROE MASTIFF DOG. INQUIRE
X Monday, < _o Post: J. >!. ROBERTSON.
h AY COLT; WHITE FACE; NEAR 12-MILE
House. Apply PhlllpTobin. nr. 12-.MI!e Honne
~I»KNTI_TsI
DR. L. T. ritANZ— EXT RACTION PAINLKSS,
\J crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pBOOMB DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able atreni for painless extraction; artificial teeth
trm $5; lining frm 31; extracting 60c, with gassl.
Q7' A >ET Kill TEETH; WARRANTED AS
_? • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market 1.. next Baldwin Theater.
I )«. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET -ST.,
-»-' near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plate*. are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
HONEST WORK; VERY LOWEST. PRICES.
DR. HAP.DCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. I.
L'l'U. bEI OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, 24 sixth su
0 OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. Dk~_L"
>~ 1.. Y.OUXH.-1841 Polk IP. f '
J )R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THIS GKNUINK
-i-' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
ana patentee of improved bAdge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell at.
I>A I N less -XTRACTION. BOc; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates. $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. W A LsH. DD.S.. HIS*/* Geary.
I JR. H. IL SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRlJAiK-
_____ a specialty; open evenings .7:30 to 9.
/ >OLTuN DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 8O«» MAR-
V ket su . DR. CHARLES W. DECK Kit.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COrToOLDEN
______ ave.— Open. evenings:- Sundays till noon.
ALL WOHK REASONABLE AND ~W_j£"
ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 112' i Market s_
PERSONALS.
EclHANIc] AGE' " 82, '=• :~"-"in" BUSINESS,
wishes to make, acquaintance of respectable.
young girl ; view to marriage, i R. E. S., box 9, Call.
\\T ANTED— Fu It ADOPTION, A LITTLE GIRL
" 2 to 5 years old. Address MRS. SARAH
ALLEN, Berkeley, stating particulars.
ADVICE FP.EK; I>l VOKCK LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charse unless successful; all
law snlts, claims; collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. ».W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 860 Market st
TRUNKS MOVED. 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
J- Transfer Company, 43 Sinter. St.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. -
T s IN COLN B"roS., CASH GROCERS, 226 SIXTH
J -■* St., bet. the 2 markets— 2 doz eggs, 25c: fine
butter. 25c roll: Pet cream, 10c a can; choice milk,
10c a can; new jelly, 10c a can; 0 lbs prunes, pears,
apricots, plums or apples, 25c; picnic hams, 6c Hi:
sugar-cured hams, He _; new cheese, 3 lbs 25c:
cornstarch, 5c _; 23 candles, 26c. LINCOLN
RROS., 226 Sixth st.
I .; U V YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN,
1 ' lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sola, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veiling, etc., very cheap at
Pioneer I)ry-_ooHs store, 105 Fifth st.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY
business places and real estate. T. LUBE--
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
\\' ANTED— A LAW PARTNER BY AN EN-
*• er_etic young attorney with extensive ac-
qualntance. G. W. PHELPB, 130 Ellis street.
"•HE NUMBER OP THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
x Ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 26 cents is 111, and
the name is G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
piANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME,
X and $1; best reference. P. L., box 18. Call.
WILL JAMES R. WELSH. RAILROAD
1 » brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul, Minn., or any one who knows of him or
his whereabouts, communicate with the under-
signed at once. C. E. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway, 2 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco.
REWARD— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
soclation offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
1 1 100 CARDS, $1 60: SHOW CARDS, 16c:
X lyj \J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st, r. 39.
EAUTY," A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
it book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 Phelan bulidlng between 12 and 5.
HAIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c; lessons
given : face preparations. MKS. BUTLER.I3I Post.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases; take no other.
NOLTE PAYS CASH FOX OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'F«rrell st. -
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cent*. '
UPTURE— ALL PERSONS INTERESTED
XV In the painless and positive cure of ruptures
address with stamp, lock box 2112. San Francisco.
Cal. 1 ,
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU !
.TV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason bU; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Q WTKOZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
-0 . dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON'3 SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evenin?
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlnqton, Gertrude
Partington,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine sC
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge worn.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
I Geary, rerr.c red from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. J A USSAUD.
C_ I A KOOJI: UARPI'.Ts CLEANED ON TUB
IJP 1 floor. 208 Le-venworth at.
IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. . artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sU
1-jR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 6477.
0-D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
HE ECONOMY " MILLINKttY. KED FRONT.
1 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled* sc.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAFES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cosu Factor-/. 20 Sansomo s:.. npsta'.ri.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
.V WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
DKESSUAKEKS.
TYLISH SUITS, $3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
fit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson st., nr. Seventh.
BRADLEY, 410 TAYLOR— ELEGANT, STY-
lish dresses made; $6 up; dresses made over.
RKSBE9 $2 UP; WRAPPEKB 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 506»,4 Natomit St.. above sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
\YRS?"^EL?C ; irLE""sNYLTEIt, STUDIO "614
i'l Sutter: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution aspeclaliy; vocal Shakcsperean
; causes: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte. etc. • Vocal
i classes resumed Monday at 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
"DOOKKEEPING BYTARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
X> ant teaching; 1.3 time and far more practical
than any college: rapid calculations. 659 Market.
BOOKK NO-SCHOOL— N MAN SHjl P
XJ arithmetic, taught in 6 weeks. 5 Stockton. rm. 2'
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44; 10:30 to 4:30.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CAST-UAH
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
yj PaNISH. >' KENCH,"t~fRM~ AN ; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages. 122 ©"Farrell s:
"\'OICE-BUILDING,~PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Markeu
YRES'. THE LEADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
L/E LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and MkU
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; eslab. '64. VAN.DER NAILLEN, 723MkU
HEALD'S BLSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. rue tor catalogue.
V IUU'i'SUHOOL;ItEALD MILS. ».\^_l__<.,K ; JV
XI Post : commercial, shun hand. English: low ra - e«
"irioLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KEA-
*■*> yoiiwhle. PROF. FRANCIS. 10451-:. Valencia.
MEDICAL.. ' ~
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day-
helped at once: can be sent and used at home- all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE DR. SCOTT
X_ 216 Powell sU: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases m the eyes treated.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
—X stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
; vate home In confinement: regular graduate
j physician: SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st, near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO , LADIES SUFFERING
./V. from Irregularities aud diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
j never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad .
effects; never makes them sick to make them
, well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
' the times; home in confinement- DR. <_ MUS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
1 KS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
! XJ diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day. cure or no charge; separata
, home tor p-tlents; best Skill; medical attend-
nee: low lees; regulator. $_. 1370 Market s_
"OI' RE CUKE "FOR ALL~FKMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYKK. 226 Turk sU
TF IRREOULABOU ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
X don't tall to see MRS. DR. PUKT_, 254 4th.
lADIES — GEItMACiDE CAPSULES PRE-
J vents, safe, sure; ; pills no longer, renuirfd;
i $1 50 per box. G. S. P. Co.. 1031 Maricecsu, S. F.
j ] it, hall, v aic-ALLisiEK street, near
'Jones. DiJieMses of women and children.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHEK'SOAKE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alamoda.
ALPEAU'B ' FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
-TV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. umjodli BKOS.. Oakland. Cal.
■ r^ _ CARPET . CLEANING. j
pA rpets 5_ n\n : : 1 1, m- a 5 a RO: ___f)"sa
t \J Tel. Jessie 944. > STRaTTON, 19 Eighth su
WHEN : YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
:.'» poor send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CON KLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. .33
Golden Gate aye. ; telephone east 126. .» :
JONES CUt CAKPi-JT - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
( 1 R-AT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
>J Ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.RENOVA-
/ ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STKAM CAKPET-BEAT-
' Ing works; latest Improved machinery ; 3c yard.
<;. GEOKUE.omce 11 Eighth su; phone Je33te 253.
ARPETS .CLKANKD AND KENOVATKO
.' like new. FERGUSON A: CO 23 Tenth:! tel,
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CDKAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th su: cleaning »c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
JMcQUE-N'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 463 Stevenson; ML south 223.
business chances. ..____
STEADY, RELIABLE MAN to ATTEND
0 cash counter and assist in restaurant: cooa
position for suitable man; small capital requirea.
STEN BERG CO., 632 Market st.
_.• fK.« *'ISH AND OYSTER MARKET; 4
iJTT')''. living-rooms connected;, rent $17 oO:
weekly profits ? 0; owner 12 years; retiring from
business. ST ERG CO., 632 Market St.
<S*Gf\i\f\ DYKING and CLEANING BUSI-
<3)DUUU; ness, building Included: low ground
rent- all Implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary fo.- first-class business: owners
worked it successfully las: seven years: always
made money; thorough Investigation and satis-
factory tr.al given: owners remain until posted.
! STENBEKG CO., 632 Market st.
_OOX BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
ilri)»i). cies store: 2 living-rooms, bath, fur-
nised suitable for family. STENBERG.63;: Market
_*1 HAH FOR SALE THIS WEEK; OLD ES-
i tjp LUUU. tabltshed restaurant; near Market:
receipts $40 dally; full Investigation; trial given:
going to Europe. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
(Hjonnn retiring from, business on
•IpOUUU. account of sickness. For Rale, a
desirable liquor store, located north near
Market: comprising large stock of wines, liquors,
etc.; valuable -horses, wagons; stock invoices
fully the amount asked; big bar trade: grandest
bargain ever offered: full investigation; no sale if
not as represented. STENBEKG CO.. 632 Market.
_» tjoTTn 25-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
<£)_.'<_ and building: will take part payment
or part city property; good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG CO., 6*2 Market street.
OSELL YOUR BUSINESS FOR CASH RIGHT
1 away see or send to STANLEY. 21 V_ Third.
ffl»l &t\ PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
«Jr)X<_)U. cash business: good wages made; trial
given before buying: no previous experience re-
quired. STANLEY, 21% Third su ■.•',::■.'
RESTAURANT AT YOUR OWN PRICE;
XV must be sold; same hands 2 years; good trade;
finely fitted; good location. STAN LEY, 21^ 3d.
k>r:fk RESTAURANT: GOOD PLACE; LOW
— OU. rent; bargain. STANLEY, 21*6 Third.
(_/<AA GROCERY: GOOD STORE; FINE
%*)UUU. location: well fitted; great bargain;
good stock. STANLEY, 2iy_ Third st.
<2t^.f\f\ RESTAURANT, GOOD LOCATION;
<g>OUU. splendid trade. STANLEY, 21 y a Third.
<I_l r 7f\f\ SALOON; CENTRAL LOCATION:
«JDI lUU. fine fixtures: good stock liquors: big
trade; great bargain; same hands 7 years; trial
given; fortune for live man. STANLEY,
atlOX BRANCH BAKERY, COKFEE PAR-
tg)X_JU. lor, delacacies. STANLEY, 21 y 2 Third.
Gb*)f\r\ COFFEE AND LUNCH PARJ.OK;
UU. good business. STANLEY.2I% Third.
\roTicj-; - TO SELL your business
Xl promptly for cash. HEALY _CO.. 23 Kearny.
CjOfifk RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-.
<£)O\J\J. lor north of Market; clearing $80 per
month; genuine bargain; trial. HEALY <_ CO..
23 Kearny.
(J>O'nn GRANH- CHANCE: BAKERY,
JtJUU. conft ctlonary and restaurant: in a
leading city: .short distance from San Francisco:
business of 40 per day; large cake trade: 260 out-
side customers; 2 horses, 2 wagons; part cash; trial
before purchasing. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny sU
ELEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
X2i vicinity Market st. KEALY, 23 Kearny st.
SOXA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tp — i"U. variety store at the Mission: 6 rooms,
with furniture. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny aU ■
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A Busi-
X ness quick see T. LUBEL6KI, 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
X business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hal! aye.
(B«9^n 9-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; KENT
tJP_jULf. paid to 17th lnsU and insured for two
months: all for the benefit of the purchaser. T.
LUBELSKI, City Hall aye.
rpo SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me at once, as I have
customers on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue.
Q9OO FINJB COFFEE AN D LUNCH
<^_jW. place; all In running order: the rent
only $10 a month: taking In $8 to $20 per day-
you will never get a chance like this again. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. .
QOf)|| CUJAK-STORE: GOOD BUSINESS,
rJIwVM'. cheap rent; fine location. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
OIAA RESTAURANT; 6 TABLES; NICE
«_> XV \J. range;everyth!ng complete: nice living-
rooms; cheap rent; paid to June 1. T. LUBEL-
SKI. 7 City Hall aye. _
DHOKSTORE, FINE COUNTRY TOWN; ES-
O tablished 16 years: large profits; will sell for
65 percent on cost. - DKCKEK. 1020 Market st
*ft 100 CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST. .
W ivy/, clears $100 per month. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
01*1 inn COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
<PXXU"J. nr Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 Market.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A ~BUsT-
X ness of any kind see QVS AND.4S Third st.
QOXn PARTNER WANTED In Cash
«iP_.c>V/. commission business: sure to clear $75
a month to each; see to-day. GOS si-RAND. 45
Third sU
<5?"1 fIZ.C\ • DRY GOODS, NOTIONS ANI>;VA-
«iDXUc>V/. riety store: No. 1 location: with 4
furnished rooms; clears over $100 per month;
owner retiring from business; hence this bargain;
value In sight for $1500. See GUS STRAND. 45
Third su
CjO^A BRANCH BAKERY; 4 ROOMS;
i&£iU\J. offer wanted to-day. GUS STRAND,
45 Third su - -
(JJftXrk RESTAURANT AND BAR; CLEARS
<t£)\JO\J. $150 per month. GUS STRAND, 45
Third sU -;-; :■
<3il OHO BUTCHER - SHOP; 2 HORSES;
(J-LUV/U, wagon; clears $100 par month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third St. — .
<3il C\(\C\ HOTEL, 21 ROOMS; PAYS WELL-
tipXUUU. cheap at $1500. GUS STRAND, 45
Ti.ird st. . . •/.';:■;
CfrXA BOARDING-HOUSE, >. 16 ROOMS;
*5)\)O\). building included; bargain. GUS
RAND, 45 Third st. -.:>■
<g*]9X SALOON NEAR MARKET ST.:
ripX_<_». great bargain. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st.
SC^fj FIRST-CLASS DINING PARLOR:
<"D"UUv7. 26cv meals; flue location; free rent;
clears over expenses $75 per month. GUS
STKAND, 46 Third st. JJ
QXAA MANUFACTURING BU SINE 88
%P «-»W \J. partner wanted, handling staple arti-
cles In general use: goods Fold to the wholesale
trade only; plenty of stock and orders on hand, as
will be satisfactorily proven: money to be in-
vested in the business to enlarge the same. GEO
STEWART, 602 Market su
©1 Gfjn CORNER BAR IN WHOLE
<51XU\.JV. sale district: money-making place;
roust be sold a; once: owner appointed general
agent lor distillery. WILKE _ WOLF, 531 Culi-
forniasu
(CORNER GROCERY AND BAR: A SNAP FOR
VJ the price: Al location: stock worth the price
asked. LYNCH & SEERY, 935 Market st.
11 T ANTED— 3 DAY NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
'" business; to buy a . business come at once
LYNCH _ SERRY. 935 Market sU
((•IXA PARTNER WANTED: NICK CASH '
I U\J. business: can be increased with help of
good man: fine horse and buggy; will suit any one
wanting an active paying business: clears $65 to
$75 to each: cnarce in a lifetime; don't miss it.
GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st, Crocker build-
ing, downstairs. • '-•;■''■ « ■-■
<afj"9X FRUIT BUSINESS: RECEIPTS «7 A
«UJX_jU.-day: snap. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921
Market sU
<a*7^r> corner GROCERY AND BAR!
tiP I U\J. with living-rooms, on Polk st.; low
rent;, good place: -. kept by owner for years.
WILKE «_ WOLF. 531 California SU
<B»J.^n FINE SALOON; DOINU GOOD BUSI-
-<p~x<j\r. ness: fine fixtures: large stock; bll-
Ilards and pool; best location. REIDY, 131^ Sixth
$400 (J « OC . KRY AND BAR: WESTERN
%jj)-xy>\J. Addition; a snap. PIERCE. 22 Kearny.
v^Uf)O ()iiNKR UKOCERY AND BAR.
wu\j\r. livimc-rooms; horse, wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent $42 50; Western Addition: doing good
w?, l ??? l i, u l,V I 8l ht: caU » once - WILKE A
WOLF, 531 California st.
ANTED-TO PUKCHAHE SMALL milk
»» route. H. H. FIFE. 1043 Market st.
PRINTING PLANT: RARE OPPORTUNITY
J- for a beginner with cash capital: complee out-
lit : must sell at once. Address Printer, box 73
Call Otlii'p. '
$*/>'"Sn IOR A RUIT AXE VEGETABLE I
«IP_j«J"J store; a good horse and wagon included-
good location; must be sold by the 20th of Slav"
rent $18. Apply 2325 Mission su, near Twentieth!
Q9OO ; OUO ) MAYING RESTAURANT
*SP4J\J\J. near Montgomery and Market sts.; rent
$20; mils; sell at once: family trouble; greatest
bargain. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
W HOLESALE ' LIQUOR - STORE, - DOING*
»» good business, for sale or exchange for a cood
saloon. 230 Third st. '
$i-.r GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
1004Market a st 0 . ry: goOd loCatlon - HEGARTY,
"L^OR SALE— AN ESTABLISHED MaNUFA(>
X turing business: grocers' and druggists' sun-
dries: can be bought for about $4000. Address
for particulars. T. 8.. box 67, this olHce. AaareB3 '
t>MOO - RESTA 5 A Nl ' WITH NEW BLD'G
,* VU * on !ons ground lease; best, location
on city front; money-making pace: cash or nart
in real estate, ; WILKE *SvoLr_g3l raUfor,*L
,^H7S - COAL AND W>>Ol) YARD DOING
WOIO. ? 0< ! busineSs: must be sold at once •
Cafi [ 81_s1xih «' 1S W0I ? h the money, trial given:
CTKAUY EMPLOYMENT: GOOD SALARY
0 and interest to sober man; must have $1600 ■
no other need apply, & _ box 151, Call office '
A V PAPER ROUTE IN CENTER OF OIK
A land. C. P.. box ». Call Office. Oakland.
W ANTED-BUTCHER BUSINESS INCt)UN-
tix O ardl» n crOa b C ,a C n h P - Add -» Butc^r,
;g4OO. r^^f^^^^^S-
£2so SA^ o o\« WITH « giving rooms"
W—yvF* rent $22 30: near W__s-FaigO's offlre:
?ornfasu y br6Wer - ™- ILK * & "OLt.smVM.
IJH A SCE FOR WOODWORKER |TO ENTER
business; small capital. G. H., box 75. CaJU
Q. OOD COFFEE-MILL. NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
Jos^vl* r ° CerieS for . sale cheap. 11:JSan
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continned,
"VrOTICE— PARTIES WISHING TOSELLRES-
tauranis. cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business,' try JOHNSTON, 2b"i,_ Kearny st.
j^QCA BUTCHER-SHOP,.- OLD BBTAB-
i]J)iJtJv/. Hshed; 2 horses, wnitons: low rent: a
great bargain. JOHNSTON. 26V a Kearny st.
CL'TnO RE.sTAURANi.MANUFACTUKINO
y}s I \J\t. district; receipts $50 to B6o daily; low
rent: disagreement of partners cause of selling; a
sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26_ Kearny at.
AKPENTER-SHOP, ESTABLISHED TEN?
years; very central; good trade; machines,
bench) l, stock on hand, etc.; selling on account of
departure; a snap. Apply 2_V_ Kearny ht. * •
(jul-n cT)ALYABD, HOUSES, WAGONS^
tJh—'OU. building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent $6; a bargain. 26 V a Kearny st. .
V OR SALE— I HK MUSICAL SHOOTING GAU
J* lery located 1187 Market st. (Central Park),
consisting or musical and automatic targets, air-
guns rifles, etc. ; all complete; will be sold at a
bargain.
(_»OKA BAKERY MUST BE SOLD ACCOUNT
.7>__.)U. of slctnes9: store, 5 rooms. cellar, yard;
ten: $15; portable oven: all store trade. Apply
Mission Bakery, 1906 Mission st.
(tu 1 lit r'y'K uitsto r eTb LOCATION IX
tJbiLUU the city lor the right n-an. Apply ig ■
City Hall square. '
\ NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUUUT
A for cash ; city or country- ! M«» dox 2, Call.
OR SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
-F buichershop In the city; other business cause
of selling; no agents. Geary aud Hyde at.
AIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORkT
must be sold on account of sickness; make an
offer. 412% Sixth bU ..-■■■■'
fiORNER SALOON FOR SALE CHEAPJ
\J leaving city; rent $ 20. B(>s Bryant st v
A"~~N INVESTMENT OF $500 WILL RETUK;?
-i. 100 per cent profit in less than 3 months. Ad-
dress Securities, box 9. Call Office. ■ ■-
PARTNER WANTED . WITH $15,000 FOR
lumber trade. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, 64 and 66 Chronicle building.
mjorv TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
«Jp_iU of Turf Speculation will yield you an incorna
of $25 weekly; have never lost a dollar for a client.
Our book on '-Successful Turf Speculation"
mailed free. MORRIS A CO., 112 Dearborn st,
Chicago. -
© 1 Z.(\ GROCERY AND BAH; 3 ROOMS;
tJpXcJv/. well stocked; |bargaln. SW. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe. . ■ , • :
T. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,"
25x75, Including fixtures; best location; rent .
low. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
p ROCERY AND 6 LIVING-ROOMS; RENT
VJT $11 50. Inquire at Call office. ■
O HORSESHOERS— THE BEST HORSE-
shoeing business In San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BKUSE, 1061 Golden Gate aye. .
46900 GOOD -PAYING BOARDING AND
rjpZt\JyJ. lodging house, clearing from $75 to
$100 month: sold on account of sickness. 282^
Sixteenth st., nr. Howard; no agent need apply.
TTiOR SALE CHEAP — TWO HORSES AND
£ large wagon and express business. 107 Twenty,
ninth st.
FOR SALE— TAILOR-STORE IN A FINE
location: very cheap; must leave at once on ac-
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st. -.- >
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKKR or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.  . ■ ■ . -
p BOCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER."
vT Apply this office; no agents.
JOURNALIST AND MANAGER OF 26 YEARS'
O record wants capital to back a profitable news-
paper enterprise entirely new to the coast. Ad-
dress J., box 76, Call Office.
d_"l CM GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVING-"
ijpJ. O\J. rooms. Apply Call Office.
ADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLEMAN
partner with $50; country proposition. Room 2.
12Mason s:. .
CIARRIAUE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
/ business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
O— ice.
OR SALE CHEAP- WELL-ESTABLISHED
candy, tobacco, cigar, stationery store; fine busi-
ness; reason for selling, nave to go East. Apply
store, 1314 Howard sU, bet. -Ninth and Tenth.
OLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD-CAN'
beat Alaska or the Gold Exchange"; California
gold mines for sale cheap; quartz eoTd Ynlnes, with
mills running and paying big profits, at low prices
and easy terms; some splendid newly discovered
led?es showing good-paying outcrops, and are sure
to dcvi lop. into rich paying mines, from $2000 to
$3000: 1 splendid claim, free-milling quartz lode,
only $1100: other rare bargains. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN, E. M., International Hotel, S. P.
1r OR SALE— A BARGAIN; TIN AND PLUMB.'
■ Ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
p ood-payTng laundry FOR SALE;
VJ good reason for selling out. For particulars
address San Luis Steam Laundry, San Luis Obispo,
Cftl*
©99?; CANDY-STORE, WITH SODA
**—•—'. fountain, 6 icecream freezers, 2 stoves,
candy kettle, shelves, counters, stock or candy.
tables, chairs, etc. HICKOK, 873^ Market su
A LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH.
-t\- ISE. cor. Everett at., for sale. .._
P~ OR RENT, UN RNTSH ED— THE '-GRAN-
Ite House," Folsom; Cal., a 2-story frame ho. el
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and line location-
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going Into toe hotel business; extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom, Cal.
Ojl 900 SALOON;. BUSINESS PART OF
) li""« city: good day trade: finely fitted up.
Apply E. A. KOLB, 422 Montgomery st.
CIORNKR GROCERY AND BAR — WELL '
1 stocked: splendid location; other business
cause of sale. SE. cor. Fifteenth and Castro sta.
LODGING-HOUSES SA"LE.
AM. SPEC_T^~C^r^ir_VVE"M^ONEY~^TO
* loan.
15 rooms: net profit $61: price $600.
20 rooms; net profit $85: price $660.
35 rooms; net profit $83; price $1625.
46 rooms; net profit $112; price $1460.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st. "
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODO?
X ing-house quick, see T. LUBELSKI. 7 city
Hall aye.
TOO 20-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE, PAY-
*iPIV/V/. ing about $100 per month: will stand
fullest investigation; investigate this rare snap-
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
©OXO BOOMING HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; AL-
«]p__»Vj. ways full: good location; nice house-
central: great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
$1500 h^se UKSS - 25 - BO ° M . CORNEB
10-room house, worth $1000; price............ $400
40 rooms; fine for transclent " 700
20 rooms on Fourth sU, only . " 600
16 rooms on Taylor st .* "„ 750
45 rooms on Market St.. " 250U
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market sU, opposite Fifth.
■VTOTICE-FOR BARGAINS IN LODGING-
XI bouses see GUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
otl7^ HOUSE OF 12 WELL-FURNISHED
<JpX 10. rooms; bargain. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st.
1?OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE.
X I 22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted; gas: water: Improved plumbing- com-
pletely furnished ai.d in order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel .is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
owner on premises.
T ODGIN~HOUSE. 10 ROOMS; WELL-FUR-
XJ nlshed laundry; bath; large sunny yard. 617
Eddy st.
J" ODG ING-HOUSE 37 ROOMS . FOR SALE
XJ cneap: Income $240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk su
OQ FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION;
— O cheap rent: low price. Grocery. 40 Sixth -at.
r__Uf_TO-__ l-'on SALK.
J^olTs ATE^T£7-TRNTrT7T_^^ CARPETS OF
X 6 rooms, kitchen stove and complete house-
keeping outfit; no second-hand dealers. 6381.4.
Jessie st. -"•
\??h SALE-FURNITURE OF 8-ROOM FLA
— 112 Eighth st.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH - FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new ; cash or time: open evenings.
' PIKE a lkT~~ ~ ■ — ■-
I £sed'of. eS " l * nd "" ***' M «»n>Pl«tel 7 di*.
Oak bed sets ■„-',,
Bed lounges ..". ••""• *'*"* 1 2 I.™
»_>-■ :.:.::::::::: § 1%
Carpets, per yard ..."I**.7.:"_ i-
Linoleum, per yard...... .. - ■ '"~ it
Matting, peryard. .. ....*.'!"""*"*"'" 10
■l__ Ol !s,!i cw Plains Is erected" these prices will
Rtana lili such time we are conducting buslne«
NooNVN° rnUr KeVeath * nd ". Mission stir *
tj G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND Bt iv
L. ding; new fold I beds. $9 and op; steiMa(£
dors, 20c per step; furniture exchged. ■ m____toS!
400 tAlU>t ' : CHAMBER BETS, «Ti7
7in k . toves> * 5: parlor B«'s. $20: folding-bWi.
j-lO^^ed^onnges, 87. T. D. MCCARTHY 11-2 4- _
4' Kirn i.ms n iiNU'URE, NEW " r^=-
t: -Bedlounges trimmed with plnah' rvr * v '__■_!
Brussels Carpet, 1aid........... " '-"••••if* ''
English Linoleum, laid... ..;. _;_."°
Window shades In s colors " *°° IIiJ
S's^^s,^;ip«*'^^s
attokn kys7at:i7a7\v7~
ADVICE FREE-Dlv'oKc.fir.vCvs * _ I>F T ,:
f*- alty; private; no charge unless sncce^fni • » i
" MW **• °- W.HQWS, att'y-at-Uw. Bjo Markeu
A I '■■?; ATTORNEY- AT-Law 719
XU. Market su; advice free. lU> ' 713
T E. PHILLIP.?, U. S. A.NI7~fA" TE COURTS'.
.__^ Y -ra__:si-_ss_
W A oAmn V^ :5 i J - S - A ' 1 ' TOKjs ' XV - Ar -LAW,42O
7 T » California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice frea.
PHYSICIANS. •
D KMOVKD-D r D^N7TEI__^T6~T-^OB
XV Market su ; diseases of woman a specialty.
T\ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN ATI
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.; his 30 venrV
puccessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL ;~~~ nOUSES to LET.
GOLDEN GATE A v'iT.^H'<Tl^K~.''T~RoT)>rS
V-T a. id bath: in good order: rent only «21 5.V
water free: 4 GoUen place, bet. Hyde aud Lnrkin"
Apply to V. C. MOLLOY. 138 MontKomerv su
ARE CII A C E — MODERN HOUSE OF 7
rooms and bath: newly painted and papered-
everything flrst-cl»ss: fine location; 1909 Kddy",
near Devis.-uiero; rent $30. Apply P. C. MOLLOY
138 Montgomery st. '
HOUSE 7 ROOMS; MODERN, IMPROVE-
j*-*_ mentg. 121g Tre.«t aye.. opp. Gartield ►quare.
fil M FELL ST — * ROOMS; ALL MODERN
\JX <J improvements.
707 J " llNhs .'SKAh BROADWAY; HOUSE
'»' of 4 sunny rooms; rent $14.
(CONVENIENT HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
\J St.. off Howard, near Seventh. .
HOUSE OF 5 RO" MS AT 11 EWING PLACE.
off Lacuna st.; rent 912.
T OOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINE AND
J - - .it, 91:8; 9 room house, -6 Franklin, near
Market, »38; reduced 912 each.
G^'-il) HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
«4pOV.'. 1723 *ay st., near Van Ness aye. •>;--;
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'« treat people right. BALD IN _ HAM-
M»>NI) in Monteo— tryst. ■
FURXISHKP UOUSKS.
IN BELMONT; 3 MINUTES FROM STATION:
elegant furnished residence of 14 rooms; bath
and all conveniences: stable, coach-bouse, etc.;
responsible party more of a consideration than the
rent. For particulars, etc. apply to G. H.
UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
O^OX VAN NESS AYE.— LOWER PART OF
— -O_ house; 4 furnished rooms, bath and laun-
dry; hot and cold water; 2 entrances.
090 PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
<p— O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all neces-
Biiries. 1917 Q»_ry st. ■ •
COTTAGES to LET.
'tTo^in^e^nthT^^a^^hu^C—^cot^
IX— tage, 5 rooms »nd bath: stable.
(tOT 1 AGE, 4 ROOMS: BATH: STATIONARY
J tubs; basement; yard; rent $11. 12118 Treat
avenue.
(COTTAGE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
/ rent reasonable. 9 Tehamasu -
UNNY COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
1 large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 16th.
FIKMSHED JFL 'ATS.
SU NNTpH^NrJs^M^LY^FuTRTTIin^IQTiCoO^t
Of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; suitable for family or
physician; reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
1 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT;
-1 «J_._. nicely furnished for housekeeping: 925.
F' INK SCNNY CORNER FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
piano: reasonable. 800 a Webster Rt.
FLATS TO LET.
OIQ t3iß^E^la_G~E^o6^ls7^YAßdT~4o9
O- L <-'« Thirteenth si., above Valencia.
FLAT— 3 LARGE ROcMS, YARD AND BASE-
ment. l-'3 San Jose aye.. near 23d : 911. <. . :
970 HARRIET, Fit. 30 GARDEN, NR. BRY-
_. I U ant.Joff 6th— Sunny flat: 4 rooms; yard: 910.
/?1 o LINDEN AVE.— IrLAT OF 6 ROOMS:
UIO modern improvements; cheap rent. .■■.•:.
r.l/' 13 MAKYE TERRACE, TURK ST.,
•_ lvJ. bet. Hyde and Larkln; 4 rooms. ASH-
TON & (.ARDINER. 411 Montgomery St. ,
_ IC) BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3 ROOMS.
01 — . 28 Ritch st., near Folsom and Third.
TTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT 916.
I ■ -i.-'-tt l i Clementina sU, near Sixth.
til TUctK— FLAT 4 ROOMS; RENT BE A-
fj'l 1 sonable.
T»JE\V SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
.IN all modern improvements; reasonable. 2926
Washington su
Ql9 CONVENIENT 5-ROOM. FLAT: SUN-
ijXO. ny. Cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
near Castro. . •
\-ICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS: BATH; 930.
-^> Third st. near Harrison; key at 417 1 2 Third.
CIX LOVELY FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH:
fSXO. gas. 3928 Nineteenth st.. bet. Noe and
fc-anchez.
YEW SUNNY FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS, 914
_.> and 9*6. Twenty-third St., near Harrison.
•_)/ \ PLEASANT, BET. TAYLOR, JON ES.CLAY
«JV» ana Sacramento— 4 rooms; bath; $20.
Of* BASEMENT AND LARGE YARD. 728
C*-*' Harrison st., bet. Third and Fourth.
1 C^n7 STEINER. NEAR GUTTER— LOWER
J C \J 1 flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
A ROOM FLAT"; EVERY CONVENIENCE.
"± 283 Natoma st., nr. Fourth.
Ilk FULTON— MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
JL IO rooms and bath; 928.
OUfWI SACRAMENTO— LOWER BAY-WIN-
*JO\Ju dow flat, 5 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; rent $15.
UNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 13 HAMP-
ton place, off Folsom st,, bet. Second and Third.
1 Q SHKI'.II'AN Sl.r BET. NINTH AND
X O Tenth— Flat of four rooms; rent *10.
ii^LAT, 6 ROOMS. 914: ALSO SUNNY COT-
' Uee. 4 rooms, $11. 629 Second St. -•- '- —
A AM) & ROOMS; BATH; 911. 912, 913;
"± electric lines. 4585 Eighteenth su
UNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and 916. 1706 Post.
7 OWER t'liAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; (SUNNY
XJ side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 Rlngold
St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
C'V'l MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
I _.U'> n-odern improvements; rent reduced.
\\ r ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
'» fiats: special terms; 910 up. SPECK _ CO.,
£02 Market su
"\\rE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'» treat people rlghu BALDWIN A lI AM-
MOND, 10 _ ontgomery sU
LEGANT NEW FLA SEVENTH ST., BE-
XJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
MOUS_K__PI>O ROOMS.
"~* Brannan Street.
QQA BRANNAN— ONE FLOOR: 3 UNFUR
OOU nished sunny rooms lioasekeepg; nse bath.
Buchanan Street.
IHI 7 BUCHANAN — 3 UNFURNISHED
-I \JX I rooms and bath for housekeeping.
Bneua Vista Avenue. .
1 C BUENA VISTA AYE.. OFF BAKER AND
XO Halght— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping nan.
Bush Street.
1 zll Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
-L^tJ-O house: private fs'iiliy; reasonable: refnes.
Clayton Street.
A~\ O CLAYTON, NR.rARE-2 HOUSEKEEP
TT±— . rooms; nse of bath; laundry.
Kills Street. -
CQ9 ELLIS-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
•JO— rooms, with bath. '
f'OQ ELLIS, COR. LAKKIN— SUNNY i-UK-
\)OU nibbed front room with kitchen.
I iftli Street.
A OQI FIFTH — FRONT ROOM; KITCHEN
_.£_2 furnished complete for housekeeping;
first floor. .. • \
loliom Street.
-I IAQ FOL9OM— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
11U O furnished complete for housekeeping;
rent cheap. ...
Oeary Street.
Ql "I GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED
Zl 1 3 housekeeping room; rent 97: key at 217.
Golden date Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AVE.-XwCuNNY FUR-
-000 nisbed housekeeping rooms: bath.
drove Street.
rrnr GROVE— OR THREE RUNNY
I Z.U furnished housekeeping rooms; separate
bath; laundry. . " ■ ■
Hermann Street.-
nr HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA-1 OR 3
*_-O rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. ' .
Howard Street.
"1 01 55 JACKSON, NEAR MASON— UNFURL
i V/1O nished sunny front large housekeeping
rooms: 98 to 910. ' '.. .
"l 1 A 6) HOWARD— 2 bUNNY BAY-WINDOW
XX'-lZi housekeeping rooms: water: rent 912 50.
i'jde Street.
1 f|Oi | HYDE— TWO FURNISHED HOUSE-
.i-\J—yi keeping rooms: gou- location; cheap at
I flO. -
«J essie street.
A 7 Ci JESSIE — 2 ROOMS NEATLY FUR-
_ I D nished for housekeeping.
Kearny street.
' nq (1 KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
£O\' gas or coal stove: al«o other rooms.
l. ark. ii Street.
/•j LARKIN-NKATLY FURNISHED SUN-
UXO ny room; kitchen: complete for housekpug.
i.eavenworth street.
Cl -1 LEAVEN WORTH — 2 COMPLETELY
UIOz furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren: Ito4p. M. . ' ; ' '
c Ail later Street.
A-\ 9 McALLISTE!'.- 1 VNF V R NISHED
ti X — rooms for housekeeping; also single; flat. .
1 J. iima . lee.. '
9QI MINNA, COR. FOURTH— 2 FURNISHED
_O1 housekeepg. rooms, very cheap; also single.
*»J7l "MINNA, NB. FIFTH— AIRY, SITN S Y
•.> x room; water, stove, closets; vat*- family.
91o8« Street. '
1 Q MOSS, OFF HO RD. NEAR SEVENTH—
JO a furnished rooms for housekeeping. . '
HOUSEKEKriSG ROOMS - Continued.
■ lxtta -Street.
mHIX'H-CH IN THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
Ninth Street.
Oft NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT HOUSE-
— \' keeping; single; suites: stove; gas: SlOup.
1 Of'l NINTH— lIOUSKKEEPING AND SIN-
— Ua gle rooms: $4 aud $8; no children allowed
>atoma Street.
74 1 NATOMA, COR. NINTH— SUNNY
• >r_x front furnished rooms ior light housekeep-
Ing; also single. • , • • •
Oak Street.
07 OAK— THREE OR FOUR SUNNY HOUSE-
— > Keeping rooms: reagonatle rent.
O'l arrell Street.
Q9Q O'FARRELL— FRONT ROOM, KITCHEN
O—tJ and yard; gas, bath, etc.; for housekeeping.
Page Street.
"I O1 fl 1 PAGE— B UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-*■«->-!- "8 keeping rooms, with bath; »7. •
' Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET,"OPP. OCTAVIA-
-2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished for
housekeeping: water and sink.
. Vine Street.
991 A PINE 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
— —^_ rooms; housekeeping; range and bath:
rent low.
Polk Street.
QIQ POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OXO sunny parlor bay-window alcove, with
kitchen for housekeeping complete; new carpets
and furniture; gas stove; bath: also tinted single.
191 POLK, NEAR SUTTER — UNFUR-
X-iXt7 nished double parlors and kitchen.
Riucon Place.
QORINCON PLACE —2 \ SUNNY UNFUR-
O— nished rooms for housekeeping.
Scott StreetT"
In l A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
xUxtr rooms; bath; garden. Call afternoon.
. Second . Street. .".:„
m second— large, newly PAPERED
xX O housekeeping room, furnished or unfur-
nished.
Seventh Street.
I AS) SEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
■ITT-j also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
99 SEVENTH— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
__O rooms to let, suitable for housekeeping.
Stevenson Street.
£97 STEVENSON— SMALL NICE SUNNY
<->-« I room; elderly lady preferred ; cheap.
Stockton Street.
1 890 STOCKTON — 2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
X _ —\J rooms complete for housekeeping; cheap.
1 703 STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUB-
X I \J*J nished complete for hkpg.; cheap rent.
Tuhania Street.
m TEH AM A — NEATLY FURNISHED
front room for light housekeeping: 96.
Third Street.
DO THIRD-2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OO^t keeping rooms, water Included. 96 and 97.
. Turk Street. ~ '
K^'TUBK-3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
*J±*J housekeeping or without.
Van .hen* Avenue. - ,".-."
1091 VAN NESS AYE.. COR. GEAHY— SUN-
X\J£*x ny apartments with kitchen complete;
best location for dressmaker or professional man-
-4 hotels adjoining.
Webster Street.
3 SUNNY ROOMS, COMPLETELY FURNISH-
ed for housekeeping; terms reasonable. Call
between 9 and 2 at 1912 Webster s*.
_ _ _ _ ________
California Street.
9^qi CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
~i*J<JX nlsbed rooms and bath; cheap. ' •
i-uiiv Street.
11OEDDV- SUNNY CENTRALLY LO-
XXO cated rooms; 95 up; 3 for housekeeping,
cheap.
ri f\ EDDY — NEAT SINGLK ROOM, iB7
<JX\J large sunny parlor; reasonable.
i- _Hth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMEJNT HOUSE, 28 BTH
O St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
—HIM Street.
nnHE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water. j
Fifth street.
"I C 9 FIFTH— FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS,
J-O— 98 and 10; also single rooms. 96.
l-olsom Street.
&A MONTH; SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
«D? a front room. 735 Folsom fit.
Fulton Street.
-I X.QC* FULTON.NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
luuU furnished sunny front rooms In private
family.
«ieary street.
HI Q GEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT
«--LO able for business. Key 217.
Q9Q GEARY. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
O^O Sunny furnished rooms.
QOp: GEARY— ELEGANTLY NEWLY FUR-
i/— nished parlors; also single rooms; desirable
location. . •
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, 910
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
olden Gate Avenue.
9Q7 GOLDEN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
_O 4 rooms: single or double; reasonable.
drove street-,
"I AC GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
lvJ front room; rent 97.
Hermann Street.
or HERMANN ST., NEAR VALENCIA— I
— U or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; gas and bath.
uow»rU Street.
I I 9QA HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FUH-
-L I-O nishea room In American family; closet;
bath: suitable for 1 person; 96 per month; none
but qalet, sober people need apply.
Jessie Street.
AQ X JESSIE, NEAR MINT— PRIVATE FAM-
i i) Oily;O ily; 2 sunny single rooms; 95 and 96.
Jones Street.
f}f\n JONES — THE VAN WINKLB: NEW
—\ ' I management: elegant ninny suites and
•Ingle: newly furnished; batn. etc.; 910 to SMI.
a(\Q JONES, NEAR GEARY— NICELY FUR-
OV/O nished large sunny front room; reasonable.
i. earn y street.
A KLINOTON HOUBEri27^EAiSNY~PIJSAS.
JT_ ant sunny rooms, en suit* and single; £rst class
in every respect -. terms reasonable.
Leaven worth, Street.
-I £9!X LEAVENWORTH-2 UNFURNISHED
-LU_«J rooms to let for housekeeping purposes.
Lewis Street.
1 Ql LEWIS, OFF POST— NICELY FURNISH-
JL«~>% ed suite for lor 2 young ladles; rent for 2
97: home comforts.
MmliPt street.
VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 36c to 91 : week, 91 50 to 95: families.
■I Qf«9A MARKET — NICELY' FURNISHED
I'JUii sunny suites; 915 up; also housekeeping.
.McAllister Street. .
m MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
sunny rooms; opp. City Hall; cheap.
Miunn -tveet.
C7Q MINNA. NEAR SEVKNTH-2 LARGE
0 I O sunny rooms; all complete; yard; cheap.
AQ~I MINNA— GOOD CHEAP ROOM WITH
_OX bath. -
RC*n MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FOE-
UU I nished bay-window rooms: 91 a week. ;\
3. -i-Moii *ii-eei.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 776 MISSION, NEAR
fourth— fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c to 9l 60 a day.
QkJC MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
O&O ny rooms, with or without board.
UKOPB JiOCsE, 110» MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
" O'lTarrell Street. ~
ffl»9P: ROOM FOR 915, FIRST FLOOR. RLE-
r^iJLO vator, gas and electric light, 9lo reduction,
by inquiring at room '1, same floor, 20 O'Farrell st.
'FARRELL, BET. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
Newly furnished front and back parlors with
or without board; new flat; references. Address O.
F.. box 18. Call. .
~~ Post Street. '
Ql 7 POST— LARGE, NrCELY FUR-
- 01 I nished alcove suite; gas, bath, large closet,
grate, : washroom; light; housekeeping if desired;
reasonable, ' . ' :
•v.-'. Powell" Street. .
99 POWELL, COR. GEAR Y— 2 LARGE SUN-
_*-c) ny, single, front furnished rooms. -
C'(\(A*- POWELL-RIGHT IN TOWN; LARGE
UvU front room; suitable for 2 men.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
KOOBIS .TO LET-Continued. • _
"~ PoTiT'streeu i£f=:
1 1 QO POLK (ST. HELENS BUILDING)—
X X iJO Sunny nay-window room,.
Mxtustree..
"I fkQ SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
XXJO rooms: en suite or single; clean; quiet; $5
up. *• . . ■ '
1 1 Q SIXTH (THE SARATOGA) — NEWLY
I 1< ' furnished bouse of 90 rooms: single rooms,
$1 50 to *6 per week: suites, 60c to $1 per day.
. Stevenson Street. .
_OX STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— ELEGANT
_— O large rooms: yard; basement: first floor.
Stockton Street. ; .
IQI/1 STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
1 Oli single; en suite; also doctor's office; cheap.
Miller Mreet.
rnn sutter - sunny FRONT suite;
O\J\J other rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
~^>)l' SUITER— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
1— *> private; gentlemen only: reference If re-
quired.-
111k SITTER — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
xX IO gentlemen preferred. . . ;;
Turk Street.
1 1 £» TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
1 11) newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional. •:. .■•--. ;
C9<l TURK-FURNISHED ROOMS; RENT
t)~'l4 95: gits: hath; also unfurnished.
lIOAKDINU and ROOMS.
tT"a r^e^s^u^Tnynice l . y fu r"nish_iTroom
I j In Western Addition; suitable for 1 or - gen-
tlemen or man nnd wife; board optional; terms
reasonable: private family. Address Bush Street,
box 65, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— i GENTLEMEN TO ROOM AND
M board: sunny rooms; strictly private: lady
does her own cooking; New England style: .refer-
ences exchanged. 1220 McAllister st, bet. Ill-
more and .-Ti-iner. . ' ;
Q/*.iC TWENTIETH ST., BET. VALENCIA
OU-i) and Guerrero — Nice alcove room with
board in private family; home comforts; price
reasonable.
_n_ LOTT ' 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER*—
'lvi ny rooms with board: private family.
QQQ GEARY— SUNNY SUITE; SUITABLE
000 for family; excellent board; reasonable.'
7 no O'FARRELL— CHANGED HANDS: ELE-
i UO Kant rooms en suite or single; first-class
board. .
"VfICELY • FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
i' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day, 2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; %1 60
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's HoteL
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $0 a week and up.
HOI' EL BEKTLINU. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; ail mod-
*rn convenlcnre*.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\\?ID^W^VOuTDT^CE^rW^rc^TuHtE^rTO
'* board; furnished room for parent. 1016 Jack-
son st.
STORES TO LET.
ilf'lHrvT^iri^r'i'a''?'^
♦JpOv/. room < and large bake oven ; formerly oc-
cupied as a French bakery. ASHTON A GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
IP IN E STOKE; 9 ROOMS; REFITTED; RENT
reduced. 616 Sacramento, near Montgom-ry.
OFFICES TO LET.
q^^M^MlK_TT^pir^MA^O^^LOFT^ OF
VOO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. !*c ? -
f-IALIFORNIA safe deposit BUILDING—
\J Offices 9 10 and upward, Including Janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
C Pit ECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 op: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEX «fc CO.. 14 Montgomery m.
STABLES TO LET.
A UTIFUL LA RGE i STABLE^24I4 A LI-
-l-> fornia st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
cle bnlldlng. *
CLAIRVOYANTS.
--- ■-■■- . .v,-., f ,r JJJ ,. I^uW^wV|>
50 cts and 91— 50 cts and 91— 50 cts and 91.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWKR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN J)E VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The- professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, Investment*. Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen prot>erty, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influences In half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums In the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors «re perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. m. Sundays to 6p. m.
Letters containing stamp* aiiHwere<l.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
-.-.'. '.- v.->. v 1728 Market st.
ADVICE and
assistance to all.
When you wiso. to consult a true disciple of
clalrvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE I? the greatest
living exponent of the. true science of dalrvor-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. . The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life, lie reveals to you jus: what you want to
know. Others may have failed you; Professor
Camelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satlntactlon. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
.Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
'Eddy st.
MME. PORTER, CARD- RE ADKR;. TELLS
past, present, future; ladles 60c, gents 91;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings 91 60. 126 Turk su
MMJt. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TKLLKK IN
the world: 50c and 1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME MORETUTBEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
lX past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEOETTE; PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
lure, 25c. 311 Teh am a, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY Lli-E-RKADEH; LADIES, 25c7
gents, 6(lc : readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
It and Clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market. 3 and 4.
MM. LENEMAK — FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted in '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Taylor St., cor. Market.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cent*. 914 O'Farrell tv
RETURNED, - WORLD-RENOWNED JIMK.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 858 Mission.
RB. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and oard-reader. . 132 Turk su
ME. DR. THOMAS. SOIENTIFIO REVEAtr
erby egc« and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sore
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee 91: letter $2. «i»Posist.. nr. Larkln.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TUB
'A EEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SPIRITUALISM. ,
S. GARISIN, DEVELOPING NIGHT; PHE-
•_ nomenal; convincing; welcome; 6 Hayes; 25c
RS. HENDEE ROGERS' SPIRITUAL TEST
seance to-night; sittings dally. 109 Oak st.
REV. KATE H ASK INS-TEST CIRCLE TO-
night; 26 cents. 136 Oak su .
m TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME.
1 YOUNG, 605 McAllister; skeptics Invited.
\ T 110 HAVES LADIES'AIDUIVE NEW
S\. England dinner, 5 to 8 p.m.; progressive eu-
chre and dancing In evening. 2-6 cents.
RS J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings 91. ■ 218 Stockton st.
MOMiV TO, LOAN.
T- OAN3 ON . FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
XJ diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
"J ST <St 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
-L tales -.lowest rates -.no delay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt,
<£! 0 000 AT , 6 Va PER CENT WE HAVE
<JpXU.UV.'VJ to loan on good city real estate.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Tit CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PElt CENT-
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life Insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office.
A BVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY KTO"
xV Columbia Loan <fc Collateral onice. 9 Grant aye.
LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM »20
X to 95000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'ili or 3D MOKTGAGKS
X\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro.
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ONEY LOAN_D ON JEWKLBY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Offics,
]]06Mark<". dt..Dr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
MVJKliiAiitsi, LOANS UN COLLATERA 8;
low rates. Sylvatn Saloman A C 0. ,828 Montgy
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OK PIANO;
no removal: no delays: no commissions; low
Interest. Km. 08, Donohue bids, 1170 Market su
<stloo 000 TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
«ID X\J\J .\JKJ\J anoe policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. ; —
PAWNBROKERS. 7~ '
A 128 KEARNY ST.? BOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watch**, diamonds, eta; low rates : pri-
vale rooms; elevator; pledges for sal i cheap. - .
CITY SEAL ESTATE.
A UCTION SALE
__.
OF BEAL ESTATE.
13 O'CLOCK NOON, AT THE BALESROOM OF
O'FARRELL A CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY BT., LICK HOUSE BLOCK,
THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
CHOICE INSIDE CORNER.
Sold to close out undivided interests of absentees.
LARKIN ST., SW. cor. of Sacramento: lot
67 -.SVa* 100 feet: Improvements nominal: should
be Improved with tine flats, which would always
be occupied and yield a lame income; both str'-rts
arc '|)ted by the city: cabe-cars pass the property:
California and Hyde st. cables 1 block distant;
note the sire— 67:Hi- a xloo feet; terms 95000 cash,
balance 111 2, 4 or 6 years; interest 6 per cftiit.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Sold on account of owner's departure from the city.
WKBBTK— ST., E. side, 137:6 feet N. of Kroad-
way: 2610 Webster sU; nearly new residence of 8
rooms and bath; tine marine view; Pacific aye.
cable and Fillmore-st. electric cars 1 block away;
house newly renovated and In superior condition;
brick fouudation: surroundings the best in the
city; lot 24x137:6; terms at sale.
DEVISADERO-Sf. BUILDING LOT.
DEVISADKRO ST., E. side, 82:6 feet south of
Waller: choice neighborhood; a short walk from
Haight-st. cars: magnificent view; street paved
with bituminous ruck aud accepted by thecltv;
sewered nnd curbed: size 25x11tt:3. Terms— Cash
We can negotiate a loan If desire t.
ELEGANT AND SUNNY BUILDING LOT IN
THE MISSION WARM BELT.
SHOT WELL ST., W. side, 110 N. of 23d; ele-
gant and sunny builuing lot: surrounded by fine
homes; street paved and accepted by the ct y ca-
ble and electric, cars a short walk: half blocv from
the Folsom-s'. boulevard; stone sidewalk; size
25x122:6: terms, cash; loan can be negotiated.
VALKN'CIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Sold to close out undivided Interests.
VALENCIA ST.. W. side, 92 s. of 16th; 510
and 512 Valencia st.: store and 4 rooms below and
fine flat of 9 rooms and batb above: rents 950:
street paved and accepted by the city; in the best
business block on Valencia st.: lot 30x88: terms,
can-; we can negotiate a loan if desired.
ABHBCRY STREET RESIDENCE.
ASHBURY STREET, W. side, 100 feet south
of Oak. No. 409. 2-story, 8-voom. bath, basement
and attic. Built dv owner by days' work for his
boms; only a few steps from Golden Gate Park:
street graded, sewered and macadamized; lot
25x1«>6:3; terms cash. We can negotiate a loan.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
TEHAMA STREET, N. side, 100 feet west-
erly from Fourth, No. 310 Tehama streeet. Three
story house of 11 rooms and baih; rent 936 per
month; street paved and accented by the cltv;
only short wulk from Market s'reet; 'stone side-
walk; brick foundation; lot 25x75; terms at sa.e;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Couru
MISSION FLATS.
TWENTY-THIRD ST., N. side, 40:6 E. of San-
chez; Mot. 3sBti and 3888 Twenty-third st. ; 2 new
flats of 5 and 5 rooms and bath; just completed;
one block from 1 wenty-fourth-st. branch of .v i«-
Hion-st. electric road; rents 947 SO; lot '25x9 J;
terms; 9^ooo mortgage can remain.
ADMINISTRATORS SALE-LARGE MISSION
r.UsINESS CORNER.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST., SE. corner of Bryant
aye.— Fine business corner; 2 stores and 2 dwell-
ings of 7 rooms and bath each on 241h St.; one 2-
■t ry house of 7 rooms and bath, and 2 < ottages oX
4 rooms ea<-h ou Bryant aye.: rented low for
9102 per month: 24th su paved and accepted by
city; lot 100 on -'4th st. by 130 on Bryant aye.;
erms cash; subject to confirmation of the Superior
Court.
sold for absentee-residence near
17th and market sts.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. s. side. 150 E of Castro:
927 18th xv; 2-story house, 8 rooms and bath. In
good condition: street accepted; only a tew steps
from Cas:ro-st. cable and Market and 17th sts.:
18th-st. elect ric-cars pass the proi^rtv; only 15
minutes from downtown : stone silewalk; brick
foandatlon: lot KSxM:B; terms— 9itOU, mortgage
In German bank, interest 7 per cent.
CHOICK MISSION BUILDING LOT.
ELIZABETH ST.. N. side, 175 feet W. of Doug-
lass: level bulldi g lot; half a block from 24th-st.
branch of Misslou-st. electric-cars: street graded,
sewered and macadumized; lot 25x114; terms at
sale.
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
NATOMA ST., E. side, 105 feet N. of 15th. Nos.
1335 and 1335Vfa Natoma St.: 2 flats of 4 rooms
each: ren s*J'J: street graded, sewered and mac-
adamized; lot 25x75; terms.
For further particulars apply to ■
O'FARRELL— CO.. Auctioneers,
' 11 Montgomery st.
Ql 7!\(\ 63:4x114; N. SIDE 26TH ST.. 320
«JP L I O\J. ft. W. of Church.
91000—203:^x114; corner in Vicinity of 27th ana
Douelass st*.
«976-2.%x10:.; E. side of Castro St., 26:4 N. 23d.
9675—98x101: 2 fronts; E. side Ocean House
road, near '-'sth St.
9800—25x114: S. side Alvar\do st.. 180 ft. W.
of Noe bet. 22d and ZSd.
( HAS. C. FISHER. 507 California st.
JUST BUB [VISED.
A NE\S' BLOCK FRONTING
ON UOLDEft GATE PARK.
The beunttful bloc* hounded by H and I sts.,
Ninth and Tenth ayes., has just been placed in
our hands for sale at prices which insure a rapid
sale.
9750 TO 9HOO.
«M CASH. 910 MONTHLY.
This block has just been graded and every lot is
on the grade. Sidewalks around the entire block.
Water and gas pipes laid. Thl» property has a
splendid future, and the prices we have made
make the lots a splendid investment. Go out to-
day and see them. Secure your choice at once.
Mark well what we say. -'The lots are great bar-
gains and are bound to sell rapidly."
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
UILDING
LOIS—
9350 T<) 9400.
95 CASII.
95 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK
DONE.
All ready for building purposes. Streets are
all graded, sewered and macadamized, and
water pipes laid. Many of the lots require no
grading. If you are looking for a building
lot, see those we are offering in the Castro
Street Addition. Take the Uuerrero Street
Electric Road (Mission or Valencia transfer
at Fourteenth st.) and ride to Ctienery and
Castro sts., and see the agent in our branch
office there.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
Tl OW'S THIS FOR A BARGAIN?
9250 each: fine building lots; 25x114 each;
finely slluaied; only 3 blocks from Castro-st. cable
cum: 95 down and $5 a mon:h.
You can't afford to Invest In outside districts
when inside lots can be bought at such low figures.
JACOB HEYMAN,
5 Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
erms 9350 down:
balance 930 per month.
including interest.
92750— Modern residence known as 1217 Noe
St., bet. 26th and 26ih: contains every modern im-
provement; 1 block from astro-st. cable and lij
block i from 24th-st. electric road. TOB IN A Mo
N A Ul Y. 630 Market st~
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES. . • :
J3ORP.OWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
..■_.. SHORT NOTICE BY THE .
• ' ■'. ' CALIFORNIA
.TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
_ K. ELLERT, Vice-President.
VOKSALE, CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
T lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. , . .
A f\(\ AT A .SACRIFICE— 94OO. .-..:■ .*..
tjptLl/V/. Corner house and lot, chicken-houses
and barn: lot 63 by 100: 976 down, small install-
ments; good location. PATTEP.SON A CO., 2
Valencia sU •■■.'' ' -
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
and 30-foot lot, cost 914,600: small cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devisadero.
EXCHANGE— 76x100; ELEGANT 9- ROOM
house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable; splendid view; value 9600U: mort-
gage 92000. , SHADBURNE, . owner, Hoffman
aye. and 2Mb St., San Francisco.
0> I _P.fi RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
*u> litlu, new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
x&O, Holly Park: small payments same as rent.
CADENAaSO A CO., 512 Montgomery at.
ffijOonn 60-FOOT FRONT 'IN WESTERN
<ip^iOV(vr. Addition; Improved;- rent* 924 per
, month. ASHTON A GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
ffi>l QAA COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS: LOT 60x185;
i® IOuU, In Berkeley, near station; payments
easy. » * WWifmw^^MnamdWji' ii*Hi »■*--
91100— Cottage; 3 rooms; lot 76x125. ..
91000— Handsome corner; 100x100; 915
monthly.
9200— Lot 25x135: 910 down: 95 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, «0 Montgomery at.
MODERN a-STOKY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
1* » bath, basement and attic, built for 92500:
flats and cottage* built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHKY; 1149 Mission
HI'OKAGE. • - - ~~~
f ARG E~~~aTrY^ SWR^g"e'.'rOo_7"~FlßE^
Xj proof building; cheap. 320 Sutter st.
m H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .red iced rates: basement storage,9l 60 per load
TORACJE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. - ail Larkln.
OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS.
household goods, etc. J. M. I'ierce, 785 Markeu
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.; 13» ELLIS;
• low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern .plan.
A PPLY FOR BATES STORING FURNI-
._ A lure, etc bHIRJSK A BUIKEK, 747 Market.
city keajl estate. !
"X^eTeu^nT^uomeT^ ~ ~^~
»» new and modern,
overlooking the park . panhandle.
j^Cfmn a handsome residence ok
'\rO\J\J\J. 14 rooms: bath, basement and attic;
only 1 year old; beautifully decorated and fin-
ished; exceedingly well built : lot 2bx96 fee..
-ASTON, ELDRIDUE * CO..
, L - .- - . 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. .
FINE INVESTMENT.
IN THE WESTERN" ADDITION. '•-•
©1 ?\ Ann IX MODERN FLATS 6 AND
<]p±fJ.UV/U. 7 rooms and bath, on north side of
Oak St., near scott -. only 6 years old and In splen-
did condition; rents for 91560 per annum: lot 50.x
137:6: reduced from 9 -*O.OOO for immediate sale.
EASTON. ELDKIDGE <fc CO.,
;■••■••■- .-' 633 Market st.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.-
_\- ■ MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
QJJQOnri A TWO-STORY HOUSE, NEARLY-
*_S OOv/V/. new, 9 rooms and bath, on Union st.
nr. Baker: lot 27x160. Reduced for Immediate
sale on account of departure of owner; easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. -
•■■-'. 638 Market at.
pHOICE FLATS.
\J :..^~ ■- -.:ON MCALLISTER ST.
ALWAYS RENTED.
<2lß7Z.ft A TWO-STORY BUILDING CON-
»iTvJ I tJl'. raining store, two fiats and rear cot-
tage; rents for $780 per annum; only 4 years old
and In good condition; reduced from $7500: lot
25x137:6. EASTON, ELDBIDGE A CO.
638 Market St.
I PINE MISSION HOME. ■ - ~~
r . MUST BE BOLD.
BANK ABOUT TO FORECLOSE.
JO-|| A SUBSTANTIAL HOUSE OF 8
0 r— " 'VJ. rooms and oath, also stable, on the
north side of 15tb St., near Market: lot 30x115 ft. :
I mortgage of $3000 can remain; reduced from
$5600.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
. 638 Market street.
TTANDSOME COTTAGE.
Xl IN THE MISSION.
ON EASY TERMR.
Gj'rWiCASH. BALANCE MONTHLY AS
i£)*j\)\r tame us rent, a new modern cottage of 6
rooms, bath and all the latest conveniences, on
Noe St., near 22d: key lot. 26x105: price $3000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
638 Market street.
USINESS PROPERTY. ~~~~. ~.
ON THE OCEAN HOUSE ROAD.
Q-OAAA A ROADHOUSE, NEAR THE NEW
«J)^.vUV/. racetrack: leased for 3 years at $25
per month; lot 60x93x138 feet: this property is
also near the new coursing grounds. EASTON,
ELimiDGE & CO.. 638 Market st.
/CHOICE LOTS.
VJ ALL BARGAINS.
FOR SPECULATION.
FOR BUILDING.
<J_l *}fl/|CASH BUYS 2 CHOICE LOTS ON
•IM--V/U Presidio Heights: 25x1-'7:b each;
ready for building; $2400 mortgage in Hibernla
Bank can remain; this Is a bargain; lately re-
duced from 94000.
4 c >f\(\ SITTER ST.. NEAR DEVISA-
«I)^I_UI/. dero: 30:6x164.
<_/Ulftfl HW, CORNER OF CHURCH AND
<p^lUUv. Army sts.: 88x80.
©9CAA WASHINGTON ST., NEAR DE-
?PO«JVU. vlsadero; 50x127:8V4-
C>QrjQfk BAKER ST., nr. OAK: 25x96:10
fflf99CA ASHBURY ST., KB. FELL; 25x
<D_^Ol/. 106:3 feeU
©9Onn WALNUT ST., NR. CLAY; 25x
«JP__UU. 112:6 feet.
€1 91 OH CLAYTON ST., NR. PAGE: 25x
«E^IUU. 106:3 fee:.
Ql r.f\(\ CORNER I ST., NR. 17TH AYE.;
<2)xUUU. 67:6x100 feet.
Ql 900 CHENERY ST., NR. MATEO; 50x
tJ)I^UU. 100 feet. _
QIIOO LAKE ST., NR. CALIFORNIA;
»D-»--»-VU. 25x102 :6feeL
Ql o^o 2r> AYE., NH. CALIFORNIA ST.,
<JlvuU. 26x120 feet.
QQOO MISSISSIPPI ST.. NR. yolo; 106 x
«3>«JUU. lOOfeeU
SBOO I ST., NR. 12TII AYE.; 25x100
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
1-OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
X 1 just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
Of QKfpKKAT COTTAGE AND LOTJ 5
«fl)t/«JV/. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent st. and East aye., Holly Park
Tract. .. • ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
1 (\() ACRES; ALL GOOD LAND: IN COLUSA
IUU County: near railroad: common house and
barn; good -water: some valley and some roiling
hind: choice location; sell or exchange; price 920
per acre.
SliQft'^O. A NICE LITTLE PLACE OF 10
tlT'-JOO". acre*: all set out to fruit In full bear-
ing; on line of railroad from San Francisco to San
Jose: house of 4 rooms and bath: barn and tank-
house; cnlcken-houses to accommodate 2UOO
chickens; 9850 cash, balance on long time.
* EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building, S. F.
■pLKUANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
Xj and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
Insured for $5000; property of H. H. DAVIS.
CHARLKS COLTON, 906 Market st. ■ ,
1 (id ACRES CLOSE TO LIVKftMORE; $50
XUU per acre. C. box 99, this office.
FOR SAL K- COZT I1OHK; 6 ROOMS; 4 LOTS
(half acre); fine place tor poultry or flowers;
91K00; half cash. W. LAMBERT, Mill brae. San
Mateo County.
Q^^OO CHANCE OF A LIFETIME TO
iiPUU\J\J. secure a model home at lust half its
real value: must bo sold at • once on account of
owner leaving the State: 65 acres fine land near
good town; In easy drtvingdlstance from Oakland:
15 acres fine bearing orchard: cherries, apricots,
prunes, apples, etc.; 10 acres bearing vineyard,
balance In grain: heavy crop; modern cottage-
bouse of 7 hard-finished rooms; good barn and
other buildings: water piped from living springs;
also a run nine stream through the place; beaut! tul
lawn aud flowers; also vegetable garden; llr.'t come
first served: and If you don't app'y early you'll
miss It. GAMAN _ LYON, 215 Kearny st.
C^Q^nn REDUCED FROM 912.000 TO
«ip O _ \J\J . make quick sale: 30 acres early fruit
In bearing, one mile from Vacavllle; has rented
for several years and is now rented for 91500
cash; this year's rental goes to buyer or wilt re-
serve rent and sell for 97000; what better Invest-
ment than this can you flnd? GAMAN _ LYON,
215 Kearny. -j ■
CjO^flfl NICE LITTLE HOME OP 10
KDOO\J\'. acres creek bottom land near good
town and railroad and only 12 miles over - ood road
from Oakland; fronts county road; nice improve-
ments: 3 or 4 acres bearing orchard, ba'ance grain;
bargain. GAMAN <fe LYON, 215 Kearny st.
ffilQXn 50 ACRES FINE LAND FRONT-
IOUW. ing road; all tinder cultivation:
fenced; no other improvements: easy driving dis-
tance from Oakland and near town: could be sub-
divided In 10-acre lots and sold readily at good
profit; see this. QAM AN A LYON, 216 Kearny.
afcOPLrvA 180 ACRES l MILE FROM TOWN
CtWvv. and only 20 miles from Oakland:
fenced; good new house and barn; living springs;
water piped to buildings, bearing trees and vines
for family use; 80 acres comparatively level and
fine fruit land, balance timber and pasture: pos-
sessory title to 160 acres joining included; posses-
sion November 1, 1896, or $4000 and immediate
possession, Including heavy grain crop on the 80
acres. GAMAN A LYON. 215 Kearny st,' •:■■■■
QC7CA 160 ACRES FINE LEVEL LAND
dpU I *J\J, near Vacavllle, Solano County;
fenced Into 7 fields; 10 acres bearing orchard; 90
acres grain: heavy crop; common bouse; large
barn; other buildings; some personal property In-
cluded; will leave 93000 for 8 or 5 years at 4V»
per . cent If desired ; this is a great bargain and the
terms unusually easy. GAMAK A LYON, 215
Kearny st. ■ . ■
ARGAIN FOR 1 WEEK— ONE OF THE
best tSO-acre vineyard In santa Clara Valley;
near Los Gatos. Address V., box 5, Call Office.
ORANGE LANDS.
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICEa
. BARGAIN PRICES.
970 PER ACRE.
BIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
I A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
I at the same lime a good investment: it will cost
j you unimproved 9700, planted and cultivated
91750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
I payments; no Interest; the .-trees planted on this
] property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. '
' We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for j non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. .
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
638 Market St., San Francisco, i
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. :_ . ■■■ ■ ■ .
/CONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Marti Cal.
MARIN COUNTY— ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
. Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut an; size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation : both rail and water
transportation: 140 to 876 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular. : ■-
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 chronicle building. ■■ -' ■
<_ QAN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE),
«JpO fe.icet,* fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fall; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy; no snow; no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal. ■'.■■■: r..l
1 ACKhS OR ANY PORTION; a HOURS' .
J \J\J drive from cltv: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price 9100 per acre. ASHTON A
j GARDINER, 411 Montgomery sU . .
SEND FOX OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMKS
for sale. WOOSTEB _ WHITTON. San Joan.
T'"ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; - easy 1 terms; also •4, : 6 and 12 . acre
: pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with ' small bouse, - etc D. H. TWI.NO, Sonoma
City, inquire 083 Market st.. a F. • ':-<•*;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OJ9^OO 3-ACRE FRUIT AND POULTRY
<lp—.U\J\J. ranch close to Oakland;' part cash.
E. HILL. Do no hoe building.
I J-FOOT WINDMILL: TANKS 15.000 GAL-
XT ions: frame 30 feet: pump and pipes: also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10,0« X) gallons: pumps and
pipes. 1457 Seventh St.. West Oakland.
©1 WHAT IT WILL DO. '. ~~
tipX. We are offering a few lots at half their
value In order to close out partnership affairs In
several tracts on terms of 91 cash, balance 91
weekly; this is beyond any question the greatest
offer ever made In Oakland for desirable residence
property; electric cars, street graded, city water
and surrounded by handsome Improvements; call
at once and Investigate lor yourself; 20 lots sold
last week. LAYMANCK, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
ffl!9^(lfj CHICKEN RANCH; THIS IS A
t\pfJtJ\J\J. bargain; improvements cost $4000;
the best improved chicken ranch in Contra Costa
County: only 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particular* apply to owner, V. P. MITCH ELS,
painter. Fourteenth and Webster sts. Oakland.
%1 Q^O easy terms! new 6-room
*fi>X. OU\J. house: block and half fiom cars: cor-
ner lot: an ideal home; see it at once. WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. '
Gl OOD COTTAGE; & ROOM*. BATH, ETC;
» large lot; lar.e fruit trees; in heart of Fruit-
vale: only 91250; terms to suit. LODGE &
POWRLL, Fraltvale station.
<BMP k n FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
*lpa:O\J. Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-fifth St., in the canter of Oakland;
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Breed & Co., 460
Ninth St., Oakland, or DAVIDSON _ LEIGH, 137
Montgomery st., San Francisco. ...,,.
A TTENTION BUILDEKB — PARTIES Dl£
-TV siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
TTOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
XI ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tloli: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion^ v
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ~~
COTTAGE. 5 ROOMS AND BATH; GARDEN;
rent 914. water frer. 107 Taylor st.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
<!s9non ■ 4-nooai cottage, 950 cash
♦P—Ul/U. $20 per month.
$2300— 5-room cottage, 9300 cash, 925 month.
52760— 5-room cottage, 9250 cash, 925 month.
93000— 6-room house, $200 cast;, $25 month.
44000— 7-ioom house, 9600 cash, 926 mouth.
All. modern houses, on improved streets and
convenient to trains. Have also a few magnificent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1364 Park st.,
Alameda. •
tf 1 V^O MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
<PH O\J. and bath; 9100 cash, 920 per month.
No. 736.
93600— NE. cor.: new; tf rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.: 9250 cash, fBO a month. No. 735.
83100—9100 cash, 925 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounfls. No. 606.
$6000— Klegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: 9500 cash, *40 per month. No. 671.
92800— Snap; 9150 cash, 925 per month: new
modern cottage: 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
93500— New modern z-story; 7 rooms and bath;
f casii. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL <fc CO., 1432 Park St., Alameda.
VJEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
Xi rooms, ju*t completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park St.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORUK
U. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland. '. '.•} >"■'..
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and -'-
story dwellings on easy terms; from 92000 up;
9iCO cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
. suit. Address A. R. DEN KE. rual estate, urchl-
K-i't ami hnildPr. lM':i Seventh *•.. M — wln.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— NEW COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
1 $20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. M.. stick and
I Knclnal station, Alameda.
I -J .. !
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
VTICE COTT^GE^IZ»T~iOOxI3OT"^VrFH 100
i-> chickens; reasonable; easy * terms. 210 1 /-.
Eleventh st., S. F. ■ •, ■ ' • -
GOOD HOMES »FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center Bt.. Berkeley.
Berkeley HOUSES.
T^r™rTent7^n^e"iTk^^y^a~~_o^e'rn
1 house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large ;
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
Call Office. *
"L'Um RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
X 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WUKTS,
Dwlght-way station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
On HOUSES^fcfL^T^TF^o^9l2^&o^o : 9lo!oOO
_U5O ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. 91000 to 8.000
100 business places, all kinds, from 950 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3.000
4 flats, lot 50x114 6,000
1 good lot In city........ 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 60x125...  600
4 stores; 28 rooms: rent 9H"O 25.000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of properly. .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth
ILEGANT1 LEGANT CLEAR BUILDING LOTS NEAR
XJi Oakland to trade for furniture. Address Owner,
box 31, Call Office.
ANTED —TO EXCHANGE EQUITY IN
»' nice »-room house In Oakland lor lodging-
house; -what have you? E. B. U., box 61, Call
( mice. .
XCHANGE— HOUSE AND LOT IN BERKE-
Iey; good location; will • exchange' for city
property. Address H. A., box 44, Call Office.
AN RAFAEL RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS, ETC:
accepted street: value 94000; will exchange
for city residence. J. It. ROCHE, San Rafael.
1 9QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
l_Ol» water: fine for cattle-raising. N..hx.16.Ca1l
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TIGHT WAG ON ; GOOD CONDITIOnTsUITA^
xj ble for grocery; cheap. 836 DevlsaderosU, near
McAllister.
Ti ANDSOME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
XX new, with single harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway, Oakland. .
FFER WANTED ON $250 TOP ROAD BUG-
v/ gy. 16-0 Mission st. . ....
MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERY, LAUN-
1' dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine bungles. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
T7ILEGANT BAR AND BACK BAR; GROCERY
J J fixtures; coffe>-mlll and scales; no agents. Ad-
dress S. A., box 80, this office. ...
l?OH SALE— LOT OF FINE. FRESH DAIRY
J cows. 1607 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
\J_W DOUBLE-ENDCABIN SLOOP; 25:6x8:6.
1." Apply 31 Julian aye. •<■■• ■ ■ -• -
OR SALE— STANDARD TYPE-
wrlter, with desk: also roll oak top and one flat
top desk, in fine condition. 7 City Hall aye. >
IjMRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
. - ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE KN-
glne*; various sizes; guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. -
BARG A INS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
Xj write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
LOSING OUT OF STOVES, TINWARE, ETC.;
V^ small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
PICTU UK-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
X inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and
12x16, 20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 3Oc; 18x22, 35c;
20x24, 45c; 22x'J8. 60c. JONES, 647 Mission SU
I^OR SALE AT A BARGAIN— HADWKN-
X SWAIN gas-engine (4 horsepower). in perfect
order. Call at 207-209 Sacramento st., third floor.
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; 980 TO 96U
' Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes si.
I 1 * I RE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
chest: cheap. D. N. HAWI.EY, 318 Market.
| < OILKKS,fc.X\UI>E»,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
XJ waterpipes Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FUBNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's I pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
UILDINIiS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
' > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission. '
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and bor:r!=r proof safe. 109, 111 Market si.
I. IRE AND BURGLAR- SSAF !•., LETTER-'
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. IQ-J Clay.
YEW RANUE3 CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
X^ hand. W. & RAY Mfg Co., 12 California St. •
CIOUNTKBU, SHELVING, SHOWCASED
/ booKht and sola 1181^% Market bet. 7thanditti
CH EAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address In the
United- States or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
age free. -■■ ■ .-■-.-'■
, BICYCLES. .. : .
ARK CYCLERY— NEW- WHEELS TO .LETT
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All ister and Powell st. car lue»
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
INE UPRIGHT PIANO IN GOOD OBDER:
. a rare bargain. 115 Seventh st. -
$9flH SEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
— \J\J, 95 installments. 221 Leaven worth st.
_ — ■
MAGNIFICENT STECK PIANO; GRAND
iX tone: private party ; obliged to sacrifice. Room
21, Flood building. . ■ -
ARE OPPORTUNITY— UPRIGHT GRAND
Hardman; like new: wonderful tone; elegant
case; perfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for Immediate sale. Room 10,
Flood building. - ,
<_£. MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— A LARGE
*£)<J size, new fine-tune upright: price *175. 418
Ellis St., room 22. .-..■■
S~~TEIN\VAY, 9175; DECKER, $150; LADD,
960; tuning, repairing. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
SOIIMEK. STECK, STEINWAY, STATHAM
second-band upright scheap. ■ 106 McAllister.
A NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
J^x pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAU VAIS', 769 Market st.
HERMAN, CLAY' a CO., STEIN WAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
O.KFOKE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS. 1 , BUSH
I) A Qerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
SHAW, »575; STEINWAY. 9215; SQUARE,
' 925; rented 92 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
<_>'_}-. PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
(JpOtJ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar, autobarp $6; the five-
bur autoharp 84; a seventeen ' Inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 96 25: the prize- winner 'guitar
93 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 947 50;
elegant new upright pianos- in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, 9187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Sprecls-
el's building. ' .'• . ' ' : "; y.
_ RRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH?
J: «- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth St.
pONOVER PIANO: AS " GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. Tht» .1". W. SPKNC-H COM-
PANY, 338 Post sU
pHICKEUIXO, KNABE. STECK.VOSE, STER-
■\J ling pianos: see our new piano :or 9187; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. IB O'Farrell.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER, '
Jiewby A Evans, Bribes and other pianos. • ■ '.
QUPERIOR VIULIN.s, ZITHERS. OLD-NEW
O 11. ML LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Diace.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
-M. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
; Vc£V MORSES. __„__„
rri o R^vrToiTTiifE^u/MlaE^rG^iolo^RTv^
X ing horse and light covered buggy ; state rental
per month, and with privilege of purchasing it
suitable after trial. Address R. R., box 47, Call.
1 ANTED— TWO HORSKS AND WAGON IN
part payment of magnificent new piano. Ad-
dress Bo:: 61. this office.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
til/ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horso
Market, 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN -DOYLE, Auctioneers.
101 l SKTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL.
xU" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheao horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1 tf) SKI'S NEW A.nL 1 SECOND-HAND UAH-
xUv/ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUK-
i,eon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
_" WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
«ge free. •
SEWING MACHINES.
-"A LL KINDS BOUGHT," SOLD, EXCHaNGkK
J\- rented, repaired : lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~. ~. legal notices.
]>TOTICE"ISrifER^ B V ORD!? hToF
Xl th - Board of Directors of the San Francisco
and . an Joaquln Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said I board.' to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16tb day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
paid company, at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
office of said company. No. 321 Market street, in
the city and county of San Francisco, in the State
of California; that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon' the proposition that said
company create a bonded indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, for the purpose of raising money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, In the
county of Kern, state of California, and to pur-
chase and pay for any other property within ihe
purposes of said company, and to secure the
bonded indebtedness so proposed to be created by
mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad Hues and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company.
• By order of the Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and San. Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany.
f Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACKIK.
Secretary the San Francisco and ban Joaquin
Valley Railway Company. ■'.
EPARTMENT NO. 9, PROBATE— IN THE
XJ Superior Court in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the estate of JEAN LACOSTE,
deceased. No. 17,239- >
Notice Is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 15th
day of May. A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. of said
day. and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, Mate of California, have .
been appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JEAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
THEOPIIILE LACOSTE, for the issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon.
Dated April 30, A. D . 1896.
fsKAi.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By.V. F. Northrop, Deputy Clerk.
P. A LEX ANDRE BERGEROT, attorney for ;
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
Francisco.. -i . ■ ■ .
PROPOSALS.
"pmTp^sTLTFO^rAK^wXR^TpTu^BE^S'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils. furniture,
fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday. May 27, 1696, it 8:30
o'clock p. M., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San Francisco
during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, palms, oils, .
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for -doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, new City Hall. ' ■ ■ ■■■-...,■
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOB RAISING AND EN-
X. Urging a school building, for heating and
ventilating a school building, for building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets.— Sealed proposals will be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. May 13, 1886,
at 8:30 o'clock p. it., loj- raising and enlarging the
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for heat-
ing and ventilating said building; for reconstruct'
Ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and constructing water
closets at the Columbia Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance with plans and
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
the office of CHARLKS I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
flbd Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. •-■-. GEORGE ANSI ON, Secretary.
For Death Xotiees See Page 13.
\ SCHOOL, CENSUS REPORT.
A ILarge Gain in the Number of Pupils
for This Year Over the Last.
The following is the School Census Mar-
shal's report of this City for the school
year ending June 30, 1896: ; ' ;
Number of white children between 5 and 17
years of age — Boys, 35,088; girls, 34,309.
Total. 70.397.
Number of negro children between 5 and 17
years of age— Boys, 200; girls, 108. Total, 314.
Native-born Mongolians between 5 and 17
years of age— Boys, 576; girls, 535, -Total,
1111. V.-.. : :'•:■■-,
Total number of census children between 9
and 17 years of age, 71,822. •/•—.•:■
Number of children under 5 years of age-
White, 22,608; negro, 82; Mongolian, 413;
total, 23,103. Grand total, 94,925. *■
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended public schools at
any time during the school year, 46,485.
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended private schools, but
no public schools, at any time during the year,
9070. «••■; .
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have not attended school at' any
time during the school year, 16,267.
Nativity of children— Native born, 92,406;
foreign born, 2519.
Total net gain on children between 5 and 17
years of age over census of 1895, 1816.
• — • — • —
Died From a Fractured Skull.
Henry W. Insell of 701 Post street died ye*
terday afternoon from injuries received Satur-
day night in jumping from a Post-street car.
Mr. Inseil boarded a car at the time mentioned
and when opposite his ; home ' jumped to the
ground without waiting for the car to stop.
His foot slipped, causing him to fall heavily on
the cobbles. : He '. was carried to : his ; home,
where an examination of his injuries showed
that he had suffered a fracture of the. skulL
After a time the injured : man ■ recovered con-
sciousness, and before his death is stated to
have acknowledged that the railroad was not
responsible for the accident. lusell was an in-
surance agent, and at the time of his death
was working for the Prussian Insurance Com.
pany. - - -.- - ■•< •■ - . -;••:-.: ••.-
1516
THE NORTH END
IS (ROUSED,
Indignation at the Delay
in Building on the Old
Hall Site.
A BIG MEETING CALLED.
Supervisors to Be Asked to Be
gin the Construction
at Once.
AN AGGRESSIVE ORGANIZATION
A Charge That the Pesthouse Resolu
tion Was Instigated by Market-
Street People.
"The North End aroused. The building
on the old City Hall site must be erected
at once. Important meeting of property
owners and storekeepers."
The above is the startling announce
ment in boldfaced type at tne head of a
circular mailed yesterday to the owners of
property in the vicinity of the site of the
old City Hall on Kearny street and to
many outside of the immediate vicinity.
One was also sent to each storekeeper on
Kearny street from Sutter north. The cir
cular announces that a meeting will be
held in Judge Campbell's courtroom to
morrow evening and adds:
Every property-owner, taxpayer and busi
ness man on Kearny street and streets adja
cent to the building site are earnestly re
quested to be present.
The shameful delay in the speedy erection of
this needed building has not alone been a
great injury to the laboring classes in general
but a serious damage to property interests in
this section and the whole northern section of
the City as well. All persons interested are
most urgently requested to be present. Able
speakers will briefly address the meeting and
expose the high-handed political Jupglery that
has been a menace and drawback to the most
beautiful section of the City.
The only signature to this document is
that of Robert E. McGregor, secretary
pro tern. The prime mover in the matter
is one Lichtenstein, who owns a piece of
property on Kearny street, near Pine, and
who is opposed to the resolution adopted
at a recent meeting of the Supervisors
postponing the erection of the proposed
municipal building on the old City liall
site for four months. One of the most
prominent men he has enlisted in the
movement is John Shirley, at one time a
member of the Board of Supervisors, and
the owner of considerable property in the
North End.
"This movement," said Mr. Shirley,
last night, "is to be one at first intended
to show the Supervisors the injustice of
this unnecessary delay in going on with
the work of putting up the municipal
building contemplated. The money is on
hand, and there is no just reason why the
work should not have been commenced
long ago. We hope that the Supervisors
may see tnat they have made a mistafce,
and that they will rescind the resolution
of postponement.
"This talk of trouble about the archi
tects is all nonse," continued Mr. Shirley.
"It is a movement in the interest of Mar
ket-street property-owners, who hope that
by delaying the proposed improvements
business would become so dull in the
north end that storekeepers will move to
Market street. This postponement is but
a step in a movement, so rumor has it,"
and Mr. Shirley emphasized rumor,
"to still further delay building
until after the Legislature meets, when an
effort is to be made to obtain authority to
build a county jail on the site instead of a
municipal building. But that we will not
have. "We do not want a county jail ; we
want a portion of the municipal govern
ment at the .North End.
"If no action is taken by the Super
visors in this matter, we shall organize an
aggressive movement, just as we did when
there was opposition to the opening of
Montgomery avenue. At that time the
property -owners organized and controlled
the votes against all candidates who op
posed the opening of the avenue. They
will organize again and agitate until the
municipal building is erected.
"Headquarters will be established in
Montgomery block. We have with us
people along Kearny street as far south as
Sutter, and ex-Congressman W. A. Piper,
whose property is all in the vicinity of
Market street, is witn us, because, as he
said, of the manifest injustice to the peo
ple of the North End. Tnere will be good
speakers at the meeting on Wednesday
night and some good and effective talk
ing."
IT WAS AN OUTRAGE.
Judge Groezinger LMsiuUgea the Charge
of Failure to Provide Against W.
G. Hughes, Contractor.
The case of W. G. Hughes, building
contractor, charged by his wife with
failure to provide, was tried by Judge
Groezinger yesterday and promptly dis
missed.
Mrs. Hughes testified that her husband
had been neglecting to provide for her and
their two youngest children, and since
last December she bad only got 50 cents
from him.
Hughes, when placed on the stand, pro
NEW TO-DAY..
IJNLYpE
FOR
PIMPLES
C&ticma
?SOAP*
t : It Is so because it strikes at the caute o:
: the Clogged, Irritated, Inflamed, Siuggith, 01
. Overworked Poke. , . . '^ - :
Sold thronchout the irortd. Pottir Dkdo as d Cam.
; ICAL CeKro*ATioir. Sol* Proprietor!, Bottoß. ,
' m- " How (• rr»T«nt « ft**, ills*., trw.
duced an absolute decree of divorce from
his wife, obtained in Judpe Wallace's
court in December, 1890. Although he
was under no oblieation to provide for her,
he had since then paid her in various
amounts for the support of herself and
two children over $5000. She had been
drawing $40 per month from the rents of
his property, and he had given her besides
as much money as he could. He had also
given over to her the furniture and other
personal property in his house valued at
about $1500. On March 11 she went to him
with a tale of poverty and he gave her $35,
all the money be had.
"He is a perjurer," interrupted Mrs.
Hughes; "he only gave me $30."
"And yet,'' said Hughes, "she swore I
had only given her 50 cents since last De
cember. All 1 want is that she should
keep away from me. She draws the rents
of my property and she has my House
hold effects, and I can do no more for her.
She has done everything she could to ruin
me in my business, and it is only fair to
me that the true facts should be known."
Judge Groezinger in dismissing the case
said it was an outrage that a warrant
should have been issued for Hughes' ar
rest.
A FAKE PRIEST.
The Police Searching for a Man Who
Obtained a Check From Father
Collins of Santa Clara.
The police are searching for a false
priest, and as they have a good descrip
tion of him the probability is that he will
be behind the bars soon.
Last week a man who represented him
self as Father Vignon, an ordained priest,
called upon Rev. Father Collins of Santa
Clara College and said he was raising funds
for a Catholic charity. He talked so earn
estly and plausibly that Father Collins
agreed to give him a check for $100 on the
Donohoe-Kelly Bank in this City.
After Vignon's departure with the check
Father Collins learned that his representa
tions were false, and yesterday morning
he came to the City and called at the bank
to stop payment of the check. As he en
tered the" bank Vignon was standing at
the counter getting the check cashed.
Father Collins attempted to hold Vignon,
but after a brief scuffle Vignon broke away
from him and made his escape.
Father Collins notified Captain Lees,
and from the description given of Vignon
the Captain thinks be is J. F.. Malo, who
victimized several people four years ago
by telling them he was a Catholic priest
and had been laboring among the Indians.
He was arrested on April 17, 1892, but es
caped conviction through a lack of prose
cution.
OLSOM'S FIERY PASSION
He Now Says That the Object of
His Affection Promises
to Be Kind.
The Love-Sick Swain Believes He Is
Soon to Become a Faithful
Benedick.
If J. B. R. Olsom, who has sent two or
three maudlin epistles to Coroner Haw
kins concerning his affection for the
vivacious Lilian Bowman of 105 Grove
street, is to be believed, the object of his
fierce passion has consented to '"consider
his suit." It is to be presumed, of course,
from this that the lovesick swain will for
a time at least forego his previously ex
pressed intention of ending a miserable
existence by jumping into the bay. Yes
terday Olsom sent the following letter to
the Coroner:
San Fbanctsco, Cal., May 9, 1896.
W. J. Hawkins, M. D— Deak Sir: 1 did not
jump in the bay, as was imy Intention, but
strayed around in the neighborhood of my
love, hoping I might see her once before my
life and love should pass away in the dark
waters of the bay. And I am thankful for it,
for just as I was about to give up all hope of
seeing my fair love I was rewarded by seeing
her come home, and to my great surpri.se
waited at the door as if expecting some one,
and as it was my last chance I thought I
would make the best of it by speaking to her
in person and telling her my lire would be a
blank if my love was not returned. And this
is what she said : "Well, hit, you are a stranger
to me, and 1 do not know of ever seeing you
before, and if you are the young man that
wrote me those love letters I am very sorry fcr
you and I pity you from the bottom of my
heart, and would be glad to know if I could
help you in any way but the one you ask, and
that is being your wife. I will not say there is
no hope, but you must prove to me you are a
gentleman And that your intentions are hon
orable and sincere* in all respects before
I would consent to what you ask. You
must not suppose I am one of those girls
you meet every day on Market street, as I am
not, but as you have written to me aiking me
to kindly consider your suit I will promise
you 1 will, ii you are what a gentleman ought
to be, and not one of those who do nothing
but walk Market street trying to peep in every
girl's face that you take a fancy to. Now you
may go and rest assured I will consider your
request and look up your past, and if you are
what you represent yourself to be I will write
to you and let you know how you are re
garded."
Oh, this is Joyful news to write instead of
saying I am going to arown myself, and I
am very glad I thought of speaking to her
in person, so you need not loo* for my body
in the bay.
As I am well and strong in life and only hope
to prove to my love I am not one of those
who break giris' hearts for fun, but one who
is ambitious and loves his love dearly.
True Love.
TRUE lOVE.
There Is true love, and yet you may have lingering
doubts about It.
I'll tell the truth, and simply say that life Is a
blank without it.
There is a love, both true and strong—
A love that falters never;
It lives In faith and suffers wrong,
But lives and lives forever.
Snch love Is found but once on earth;
The heart canno*. repel it.
But whence it comes or why its birth
The tongue can never tell It.
This love is mine, in spite of all
This love 1 fondly cherish.
The earth may sink, the .ikies may fall,
This love will never perish.
It is a love that cannot die,
But, like the «oul. Immortal,
And with it cleaves the starry skies
And passes through the portal.
This is the love that comes to stay,
AH other loves are fleeting,
It is but Cupid cheating.
Now this is my love for her, and I am happy
as she will expect. All my love is written in
this verse. So Rood-by, and may lonn live the
day she gave me hope. lam going to see her
Friday afternoon to talk matters over, and I
hope to come away with the date set for our
wed than iroing to a watery grave. 80 good
by. lam happy. Yours respectfully,
P. S.-I thank you, Mr. Hawkins, for your
kind endeavors in looking for my body and
when I get married you will get an invitation.
J. B. R. O.
In view of Olsom's hymeneal prospects
the Morgue officials trust that he wiilgive
them a short respite from nonsensical
letters.
The Doc and liun.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association,
under whose auspices a picnic was held a
few weeks ago at Bchuetzen Park, has not
as yet disposed of all its prizes. The presi
dent, W. J. Abern, states that if the hold
ers of gate prizes Nos. 75, 200, 229. 296, 306,
370, 425, 462, 478, 504, 540. 715, 721 and 759
will call at 9 Third street they will be
given the prizes they are entitled to on
presentation of the winning tickets.
The sportsmen of Stockton are making
very extensive preparations for the big in
animate trap-shooting tournament which
will be held near Stockton in the latter
part of this month. It is expected that
thirty gun clubs will be represented.
J. B. Martin's fox-terrier Golden Flash
was offered for sale at the Los Angeles
show for $3o and there was not a purchaser
in sight. Since Judge Mortimer placed
him over the famous fox-terriers Warren
Sage, «n imported dog, owned by Martin,
and Dudley Stroller, owned by Dr.
d'Evelyn, the Golden Flash has become
ever so brilliant. Martin now thinks that
$500 would be just about the sum neces
sary if a purchaser really meant business.
Verily, dog shows arc funny things.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1896.
CLEMISHIRE IS
SUED FOR DIVORCE
The Gay Colonel Was Too
Fond of Women's
Company.
TRACKED BY HIS WIFE.
Papers in the Case Were Filed
in Oakland Yesterday
Afternoon.
DEFENDANT HORSEWHIPPED.
The Fair Plaintiff Is the Daughter of
Colonel Younger of San
Jose.
Colonel Jack Clemishire, the hero of a
sensational horsewhippine affair that took
place at Pleasanton some time ago and
MR. AND MRS. JACK CLEMISHIRE.
who is well known among the young
bloods of San Francisco as a dresser of no
mean ability and a man whose money
flows like water as long as it lasts, is being
sued by his young and pretty wife for
a divorce and will be served with the pa
pers in the action this morning.
Mrs. Clemishire is the daughter of
Colonel Younger of San Jose, and the
wedding at the bride's home was a social
event still remembered by those who at
tended. The young couple lived happily
for some time, but the fondness of the
man of military title for the company of
women other than his wife eventually
brought dissensions into the household,
and for some time past relations have
been strained all around.
Colonel Jack recently came into posses
sion of a considerable sum of money and
immediately started in to have a "good
time" in company with boon companions
and some female friends. His wife learned
of his escapades and, aided by a man hired
for the purpose, tracked him about the
City for forty-eight hours, trying to ascer
tain with whom he spent his time and
money.
On Sunday night she surprised him in
company that left her no further reason to
doubt the information she had received,
and she immediately consulted an attor
ney and swore to a complaint charging her
husband with statutory offenses and ask
ing a divorce with alimony.
The papers in the case were filed in the
County Clerk's office in Oakland yester
day afternoon. George A. Knight has
taken her case and intends to conduct it
to a speedy conclusion.
Mrs. Clemishire is a blonde, with a slen
der figure and winsome blue eyes that
filled with tears as she spoke of the matter
last evening in her apartments at the Cali
fornia Hotel. While keenly appreciating
the scandal which the suit will bring about,
she is determined to separate from a hus
band whom she deems to be no longer
worthy of her love. She refused to give
any particular; of the trouble with him
beyond the fact that she had proved him
guilty to her own satisfaction and had in
stituted divorce proceedings.
EVIL LURKS IN SHADOW
Salfield Advocates Park Lights
Before Summer Even
ings Come.
Says $20,000 a Tear or Less Would
Pay for 150 Lights From
Local Companies.
C. D. Salfield, one of the many residents
in the vicinity of the park who are very
desirous of having it lighted by electricity,
believes that for purposes of morality and
as an accommodation to citizens generally
Golden Gate Park should be lighted be
fore the summer evenings have begun.
In order to avoid delay and that the sys
tem might be tested before the establish
ment later of a City plant for the park, be
thinks the local light companies should
be first patronized.
Discussing the proposition last night, he
said: "As every one knows, the trade
winds subside about 6 o'clock, and our
evenings are the pleasantest part of the
day. Then it is that a great many people
would visit the park were it lighted. But
there is another important consideration.
Electric lights would discourage the pres
ence of a very undesirable element that
now frequents the park in the evenings in
search of dark places. In the large cities
of the East the parks are lighted.
"The City ought to appropriate $20,000
primarily and exclusively for tne lighting
of the park. That would be less than 7 per
cent of the main appropriation. Then
there should be special provision made by
the Board of Supervisors to prevent the
use of the park light fund for any other
purpose.
"For the first two or three years a little
less, perhaps only $10,000 or $15,000,w0u1d
probably be sufficient for all purposes un
til the park shall have been cultivated and
developed more extensively, as at present
there is very little cultivation beyond the
boathouse. At the present local rate $20,
-000 would furnish the park with 150 lights
for a year.
"I believe the local light companies
should supply the light first so that we
may get the improvements at once. Later,
if it be found expedient to establish an
electric-light plant in the park all right.
"The public subscription scheme for
lighting the park is not feasible. It might
possibly wort for a month or two months,
but after that it would be found that sub
scribers would drop off."
A Still Alarm.
A still alarm was turned in at 2:30 o'clock
yesterday for a fire on the third and fourth
floor of the Insurance block, corner of Battery
and California streets. Loss $3500. The
offices destroyed were the Pacific Insurance
Union and the Wilhelmina Insurance Com
pany.
. » ♦ «
The Balfe-Hoore Club.
The BaHe-Moore Club met last night and de
cided to hold a notable entertainment entitled.
"An Evening with American Authors and
Composers," on the eve of Decoration day.
OFFER A FRENCH LIBRARY
A Proposition Is on Foot to
Donate One to This
City.
There Are Seventeen Thousand Valu
able Volumes Ready to Be
Turned Over.
The annual meeting and election of La
Ligue Nationaile Francaise was held last
evening in the rooms of the French Li
brary, Daniel Levy presiding and A.
Freling officiating as secretary.
President Levy read his annual address,
recounting the purposes of the organiza
tion, which was formed in 1872 with a view
of enlisting French patriots to succor
France in the event of future troubles of a
warlike nature.
In a pathetic way, made more so by the
tearful emotion he displayed during the
recital, he told of the trials and hardships,
the suffering and death entailed by the
Fran co- Prussian War. He told how the
members of the French colony here who
were not in a position to rally under the
tricolor of their home to do battle had
either donated funds to the cause or, in
lieu of that, had sacrificed mercantile be
longings to assist financially with their
mite.
The fund now amounts to over $25,000
which will eventually be turned over to
the French Government as the donation
of its sons in this distant land.
Georges de Latour. one of the members
brought up the subject of the location of
the French library, declaring that it was
not centrally located and that this fact
had caused a great falling off of member
ship. During the discussion E. Marque
editor of Le Petit Callfornien, men
tioned the fact that ten years ago a propo
sition was made to the iigue to annex the
library to that of the Free Library of this
City and that it would be known as the
"French annex."
The editor stated that in view of the fact
that the library, which it only an auxiliary
of the Ligue Nationale Francaise, was
running behind financially and was a bur
den, it would be well to* see if the City
Fathers were still in the same frame of
mind regarding amalgamation.
There are over 17,000 French books in
the library and their value amounts to
nearly $12,000. If the City will accept the
books as a present from the ligue, the
only condition will be that a separate
French library-room be set aside and the
name Biblioteque Francaise be placed over
the door.
The library committee was instructed to
canvass the matter.
There was but one ticket in the field, re
sulting in the following officers being
elected for the ensuing year:
President, Daniel Levy; vice-presidents,
E. Raas and A. Goustiaux; treasurer,
Emile Meyer; secretaries. E. Godchaux
and J. Ladagnous; executive committee —
V. Gardet, F. Lacoste, A. Frellng, E.
Marque and I. (Juenin.
•—• — • — •
According to the Lady Cyclist, the Sul
tan some time a%o introduced bicycles
into his harem for the punishment of re
fractory wives.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria-
PACIFIC-UNION
"MODERNS" WIN
President to Be Elected by
Direct Vote of the
Members.
CONSTITUTION CHANGED
Board of Eight Directors, Instead
of Fifteen, to Be Chosen
Annually.
FIRST ELECTION MAY 26.
The Progressive Element Will Sop
port a President Favoring Club-
House Ownership.
An important meeting of the Pacific-
Union Club was held last evening to con
sider proposed changes in the constitution
of the organization. The meeting was
called to order at 8 o'clock by the presi
dent, Joseph B. Crockett. Seventy or
more members participated in the pro
ceedings.
The old constitution was radically
changed. The system of dividing the
the board into classes was abolished. The
number of directors was reduced from fif
teen to eight.
The sections of the constitution which
provided that the directors should elect a
president, vice-president and secretary
were abolished entirely, and hereafter
these officers will be chosen directly from
the body of the club by a direct vote of the
members.
These three officers and five directors
will constituts a board of eight directors.
The club, according to the terms of the
amended or new constitution, will elect
the board annually. The first election un
der the new order of things will take place
May 26.
Twice this year the Pacific Union Club
has tried to secure a new board of direc
tors under the eld constitution, but no
choice resulted in either election. The old
constitution required that fifty members
should constitute a quorum, and that no
director could be chosen unless he received
a majority of all the members present.
Of nine names on the ticket voted for
several weeks ago George A. New hall was
the only one that received a constitutional
majority and eight vacancies remained.
At a subsequent election there was another
failure to secure the requisite number of
votes.
It was then resolved to abolish the sys
tem and permit a majority of the mem
bers voting to elect the officers.
The club last night did not reduce the
initiation charge or the annual dues. No
steps were taken toward erecting a club
house.
It is quite probable that there will be
two tickets in t c field at the election on
May 26. A fine opportunity will be pre
sented for the members of the club to ex
press their sentiments on the subject of a
permanent club home, owned by the insti
tution.
Trie younger or the so-called progressive
element is said to be in favor of clubhouse
ownership.
Argument is advanced that the great
clubs of London, New York, Chicago and*
Boston do not occupy rented buildings,
and snrely the leading club of San Fran
cisco in point of wealth and commercial
influence should not Jag behind similar
institutions in other cities.
The conservative element, which com
prises the easy-going capitalists of leisure
and fixed habits of repose, is said to op
pose any innovations.
To ascertain the real sentiment of the
club the advocates of progress will surely
put up a ticket for a new departure and
work with a deal of vim and vigor to cain
success at the first election under the new
constitution.
The Pacific-Union Club promises to be a
lively institution from this time until May
26.
DAMAGES FOR A LIFE
The Widow and Family of
John Keyer Bring
Suit
They Say His Death in the Baden
Accident Was Dae to Negli
gence.
The story of the great wreck at Baden
which occurred in the midst of the
January storm will be told again in court.
The widow and children of the engineer
who lay crushed under his engine were
left destitute and they are suing to com
pel the railroad to provide for them in
place of the engineer of the ill-fated en
gine.
John Keyer, the engineer, was the only
man killed. He left San Francisco at 5:30
January 26 and proceeded at usual speed
as far as Baden. It was during the big
storm and culverts and ditches' were
running full. In many places the water
was running over the track and had cut
out under the ties until the trade was*
al most afloat.
The engineer had no previous knowl
edge of the condition of the track. It was
presumed that the track-walker had been
over the section, and anyway there were
no orders to Keyer as he backed his en
gine up to the train ready to pull out.
In the meantime, down the line toward
Baden it had been discovered that at one
of the culverts the track was being slowly
but surely undermined'by the rapid cur
rent passing across it. The m<»n in charge
of the station at Baden were warned about
it, and were reminded that the 5:30 train
from the City was nearly due.
Nothing was said or "done, however, for
some little time, and then a man was sent
up the track with a red lantern to stop if
possible any accident. But the train had
come too far and before the man and his
lantern had reached the treacherous cross
ing the engine had found the weak spot
for itself, and John Keyer, pinned down
by the engine he would not desert, lay
drowning in the muddy waters running
under the culvert.
The conductor and brakeman of the
train drew him out as soon as possible and
tried to resuscitate him, but with the in
juries he had received and the water he
had drawn into his lungs the aid was use
less, and he died as them in with the red
lantern came upon the scene.
riis widow and family are suing for
$50,000 damages for his death. The com
plaint was hied by Delmas <fc Shortridge
yesterday. It charges that Keyer's death
was due to the negligence of the company
in not having its track properly cared for
and its men warned of the danger.
NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS.
OIGANfICIURCHASE!
19 1 0 DOZE3N
TO-DAY we place on sale a gigantic special purchase of Ladies'
Kid Gloves, consisting of 1910 dozen pairs, which a prominent
manufacturer closed out to us for SPOT CASH at a discount that
enables us to offer them at prices which make them
The Greatest Glove Bargains Ever Presented!
500 dozen LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in tans, brown and black ) n^ n
all sizes, extra good value for $1, will be placed on sale at . . .... ? A 75C
• '-. '. ) a pair
400 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white and cream, with ) rytZi*
black stitching, all sizes, extra good value for $1, will be placed on sale [ IDC
••• j a pair
350 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING GLOVES, in red ) OA«
brown, tans and black, extra value for $1 25, will be offered at. ........!> OUC
•••• '. .......:.. ){ a pair
300 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON DERBY GLOVES, in reds, tans, browns) ©i AA
and black, extra value for $1 75, will ba offered at. .:.. i^JL.UU
• • ) a pair
250 dozen LADIES 4-BUTTON EMBROIDERED FRENCH KID GLOVES, ) $1 OK
• .all sizes, in the following shades: Tans, browns, slate, butter and black. }-2>l.<sD
Extra value for $1 75, will be offered at !. . J a pair
60 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in brown and tan shades,) • QK«
sizes to 7}4, regular price 75c, will be closed out at J. OOu
• - j a pair
50 dozen LADIES' 6-BUTTON LENGTH BIARRITZ GLOVES, in modes) OK«
and slates, regular price 75c, will be closed out at .....'....>■ OOC
• I a pair
SECURE AN EARLY CHOICE.
These are all FRESH, CLEAN goods, EVERY PAIR IS GUAR-
ANTEED and the importance of an early choice cannot be too
strongly emphasized, as they are BOUND TO GO OFF WiTH A
RUSH at the nominal figures quoted.
s
/ M/S^^ MURPHY BUILDINGi /
(/(/ Met street, comer $M%/
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special FoffjTs Weeß.
LUCCA OIL- •
Crosse & Blactnell's Pure Lucca OIL
Quarts .....50c
Beg alar price 60c.
PINEAPPI.E-
C. Favre & Co.'s Singapore Whole Pine-
a pie, largest size can ...15c
Martin Wagner's Grated, can 16c
Regular price 25c.
CORN—
Crystal Wave Sugar Corn, extra quality. .
95c dozen; 3 cans 25c
Regular price $125.
PEACHES-
Code, Klfelt <fc Co.'s Table Peaches...
$125 dozen
Regular price, 91 75.
ROLLED OATS-
Extra Choice Eastern Boiled 0at5........
10 pounds 25c
SOAP—
Housekeeper's Delight, 20 large cakes, In
box 75c
Regular price fl.
BUTTER—
Extra Choice Point Beyes Creamery,
squares 300
Choice Point Reyes Butter., ....25c
Telephone Soutb 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
.^ UN FRANCISCO. . ■ .
COB. 10th AND WASHQT3TON sis. ) OAKLAND
1734-1736 SEVENTH STBZET /"BRANCHES
£7 £ po R 4 ROOMS
%q/F O %Jr . CONSISTING of
FTJK.NITUIUES
PARLQR.BEDR3OM KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard .......'..'...„.. SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard... So Cents
Matting, per yard .MO Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............ 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ H'4s OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four- Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
' C 7* Free Picking and DeliTery across the Ba». •
WEDDING
Invitations, Announcements, Cards, eS;,, Engraved
and Printed. Correct style, low rates. .- 20 samples
and directions for correct form, modern weddines
mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps. ■ BKUNt
Fine Printing, 53-5 Clay St., San Francisco, Cal!
Wriiifs Man Veptalile Pills
Arc acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure - i
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Btomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. ■ ■ . ,
Crossmau's SbsclHc Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without I the least - exposure, change ■of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that Is of . the least injury to the
constitution.. Aak your druggist lot it, Price 91 a
bom* '■
DA£mAi\
SPECIAL SALE
_ oi»
GARDEN HOSE!
In Remnants of 15 to 5O Feet,
1 Worth Regularly 15c per Foot.
I ■•'AAiXI rr^v^-^-v
ill '
Pep FaatS^^<
EVERY PIECE GUARANTEED.
SEND IN YOUR ORDERS.
„ Note— Goods delivered free of charge In Sans*-
yto, Blithedale, Mill Valley. Tiburon, San Rafael,
Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, San Lorenzo,
Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland. Alameda and
Berkeley.
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES ASD HARNESS.
p \,\\i,. I , Fifty per cent saved t'
TJ^'uSmm jf^X Factory prices— send
: \ iVj^J^ £ arts .'flsto*3s
J\J*re^sC^ JSuPKies 375 to $1-25
J^*/^fc^JT7s Cnrria«es..sloo to $200
Xyft^J^S^C XOk 'Wagons. . . . $50 to $100
'WWv'kA^VV California Wagon and
Carriage Ca, 3GVi to
~*"^'^^'*-*\2 rreiaont si., :s. v.
■ ■ *.- ■■ i -■■ :• . ™ '■■■■■%.. '
e«IIAT£ lUU Coloreii Spots, Achet, bid SorpsM
fcaliftTS. IUU Colowi Epots, Achcg, 6id Mores. ||
■■Ulcers In Month. H&lr-talllnc? Write <OOKH
■ EE3IEDT CO., 8G? M««onJo Temple M
b , Ic 2, v- o '^ ] 1 for proofs of cures. Cupl- H
Btul, SoOO.OOO. "Worst cases cured In IS M
Tr°l i?!*-^"^. loo " pairc boo * L **•*«»• "g
'/SaSySS^jT-. VIL -«)X COMPOUND
TW WIIX.OX COMPOUND
ANSY9P/LLS
BOBnh«ti^? a S. d SURB.'Viuways reliable. TaJ»
ms&Bs&ssmxm