VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 13^
PUTT DECLARES FOR GOLD
Issues a Manifesto for Morton and a
Single Standard Plank in
the Platform.
RENEWAL OF THE STRUGGLE OF CONTESTING
DELEGATES TO THE CONVENTION.
Meanwhile the McKinley Men Are Shouting
"Finance" and the Adherents of Allison,
Reed and Quay Are Quietly Working
for Their Candidates.
THE UNITED PRESS HEADQUAR
TERS. SOUTHERN HOTEL. ST. LOUIS,
Mo., June 12.— This has been a day of in
ertia in the Republican camp. Even the
arrival of Senator Quay to re-enforce the
presence of ex-Senator Platt failed to gal- j
vanize the anti-McKinley movement back
to any semblance of vigorous life. The
corridors around the room where the
National Committee went through its
monotonous routine of deciding prelim
inary contests were never uncomfortably
thronged at any period of the day. What
the decisions of the committee would be j
appeared to be taken for granted in a
majority of cases. Some eccentric depar- i
tures in the Louisiana contested cases !
from the ordinary course of rulings |
scarcely served to give zest to otherwise
tasteless proceedings.
When the New York contests are
reached to-morrow or Monday interest
may revive. Some of Mr. Platt's inti
mates continue to make veiled threats of
bolting if the New York contests are de
cided on the same principles that are
alleged to have controlled the committee
in other cases, but Mr. Piatt himself has
carefully avoided committing himself to
such a course.
Late this afternoon some very decided
indications were given as to the course
which the McKinley men would probably
take on the financial question.
Hitnerto the Platt men have shouted
"sound money" and the McKinley men
have shouted "tariff," and neither ?ide
has manifested any disposition to adopt
the war cry of the other. Now all this is
changed, and the McKinley men are
shouting finance. A suggested platform
drafted by Mr. Kohlsaat of Chicago was
submitted to Mr. H&nna and other
close friends of Major McKinley
to-day and was taken under con
sideration. The proposed financial
plank, while following in the
lines of the Indiana platform,
goes an important step farther and speci
fically declares for the "gold standard."
At The same time, however, that this J
proposition was submitted the suggestion j
was made that if this platform were I
adopted by the committee on resolutions
it should be with the distinct understand
ing that if it were reported to the conven
tion by the committee on resolutions the
chairman should entertain a motion to
RICHARD TRIGGINGTON THOMPSON OF INDIANA, WHO WILL BE THE
FATHER OF THE CONVENTION.
Mr. Thompson is the only surviving member of the Indiana Legis
lature of 1834, and the only living member of the Congress of 1841.
Beginning with Andrew Jackson, Mr. Thompson has known, more or
less intimately, all our chief magistrates. During his first term in
Congress he met Abraham Lji coin, and the acquaintance grew into a
friendship which endured until the death of the latter. He cast his
first vote for General Harrison in 1840, and nearly fifty years
afterward his loyal support materially aided the grandson in secur
ing the Presidential nomination first and the election afterward.
The San Francisco Call.
strike out the words "gold standard," the
plank to be so framed that this could be
done without interfering with the context
or the sense. Such a motion being enter
tained, the proposition would be subject
to debate, and could be finally settled by
the convention on a test vote. It is under
stood to be Mr. Hanna's judgment that
the words "gold standard" ought not to
appear in the platform.
Ex-Senator Platt to-day issued over his
signature the following statement:
"Governor Morton will be placed in
nomination and cordially supported by
his friends. Speaker Reed and Senator
AUison will also receive the votes of their
supporters, all reports to the contrary
notwithstanding. I am hopeful that the
convention will recognize tne wisdom of
making Governor Morton our Presidential
candidate and declaring unequivocally for
a single gold standard. He is essentially,
the gold standard candidate as his record
demonstrates.
"From a cursory observation duriny my
brief stay here I am sanguine that a ma
jority of the delegates favor the continu
ance of the existing financial system as
interposed by Republican administrations.
The New Yoric delegation will certainly
do all in Us power to put a gold plank in
the platform, for New York is for gold.
"T. C. Platt."
Senators Allison's friends, who have
hitherto remained so silent that the
impression sained ground that he had
been withdrawn from the race, are now
as3Uining an aggressive attitude and as
sert that, lie will be supported by vigor
ous oratory and many votes when the con
vention proceeds to nominations.
m
ADDICKS IS DENOUNCED.
Stinging Words Characterize the
Struggle of Rival Delegates.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— "1 would not
vote for J. Edward Addick3, if his vote
were needed to make the next President of
the United States."
This declaration, uttered by Senator
Thurston of Nebraska at 10:30 o'clock to
night, as he stood in the center of his
fellow-National Committeemen, with up
lifted arm and clencned tint, was the climax
of one of the most sensational scenes ever
witnessed in a meeting of a similar body
on the eve of a National convention. For
two hours previously the comrrHtee had
been listening to the presentation of the
cases of the rival delegations from the
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 13, 1896.
THOMAS C. PLATT, THE GREAT REPUBLICAN LEADER, OF THE
GREAT STATE OF NEW YORK.
Mr. Platt is a veteran in the councils of the party. He is one of the few members of
the famous Grant phalanx that voted for the hero of Appomattox thirty-seven times in the
Convention of 1880 who will sit in the Z i LouI? Convention next week. It is an interesting
fact that Levi P. Morton, whose candidacy for the Presidential Nomination Mr. Platt is now
urging, was also one of the famous "306" in the Convention of 1880.
State of Delaware. That headed by ex-
Senator Anthony Higgins claimed to be
the regular delegation, and was instructed
for McKinley, while the six entered upon
Secretary Stanley's records as contestants
were headed by J. Edward Addicks, and
Senator Quay was given by one of their
number as their preference for the Presi
dential nomination.
Personalities were freely exchanged in
the presentation of the respective cases
between ex-Senator Higgins, State Chair
man Caleb R. Layton and Mr. Addicks
himself, but it was not until the parties in
interest had retired that the storm broke
forth. Then Senator Thurston, first gain
ing the floor, commenced an impassioned
speech. Be reviewed the evidence elicited
in the Dupont controversy before the
United States Senate and declared that it
exposed a state of affairs unprecedented
in the history of any State Republican
party in the country. Addicks, he said,
had been proved a traitor to the cause of
Republicanism. When that party had
forty-four Senators in the Capitol at
Washington and but one more was needed
to give it the majority over the Populistic-
Democratlc element it was Addicks who,
by the aid of a Democratic Governor,
brought about a deadlock and prevented
Delaware from receiving its proper repre
sentation in the Senate of the United
States.
"Talk to me of honor and decency in
politics," said the Senator. "I tell you
here and now that I would not vote for J.
Edward Addicks if his vote was needed to
make the next President of the United
States and if necessity demands I will re
peat that statement upon the floor of the
National Convention."
Two rounds of applause, the first demon
stration of the kind that had marked the
proceedings of the committee, followed the
Nebraska Senator's declaration.
When the rival delegations, headed
respectively by Higgins and Addicks,
were ushered into the committee-room
the excitement on the ' part of the com
mittecmen was intense and they moved
their chairs forward until they formed a
'semicircle about the contestants and the
presiding officer. Without preliminary
ex-Senator Higgins plunged into the case
in behalf of bimsetf and bis associates.
Mr. Addicks sat close beside him and at
times it looked as though the two men
might come into personal collision,
especially as Mr. Higgins denounced Ad
dicKs as the principal of the conspiracy
against law and honor and as a man who
regarded neither.
Mr. Higgins was followed by Washing
ton Hastings, who was equally emphatic.
Turning to Addicks, who sat with a sar
castic smile on his face, he shook his
finger under his nose and ejaculated:
"This man is governed by a base and self
ish ambition. I say it to his face as I
have said it before- His name is Addicks.
Little as he understands the language of a
gentleman, he doubtless understands
what I say."
Addicks made no response.
The principal address on the other side
was made by Caleb R. .Layton, chairman
of the convention which nominated the
Addicks delegation, who entered a pro
test against the washing of the dirty linen
of the Delaware Republicans before the
committee. He also made a bitter attack
upon the motives of ex-Senator Higgins,
wnose political fortunes, he said, had
been made by Addicks.
Then Mr. Addicks made a brief address
in his own behalf. He claimed that he
had been indorsed by the people of Dela
ware and had destroyed the worst ring
that the Republican party had ever
known.
Mr. Higgins replied. He alluded to
Addicks as "that creature," and said that
his speech showed him to be the "moral
idiot" that every one in Delaware Knew
he was.
R. C. Kerens moved that all of the Ad
dicks delegation, with the exception of
Addicks himself, be placed upon the tem
porary roll.
Senator Thurston declared that on the
floor of the convention he would speak and
vote to unseat the entire delegation.
Numerons speeches and motions were
made, all taking the ground that Addicks
was not a Republican, and should not be
recognized as such. Finally Senator
Carey of Wyoming moved that the Hig
gins delegation be plac-d on the temporary
roll. The vote was 10 ayes to 39 noes.
Then the committee, on motion of Mr.
Sutherland, voted, 41 to 9, that it was not
willing to place either delegation on the
temporary roll, and referred the entire
matter to the National Republican Con
vention.
Before the Delaware case was taken up
there was a lone: discussion on a motion by
Delegate Catron of New Mexico to the
effect that six delegates each be placea on
the roll for the Territories of New Mexico,
Arizona, Oklahoma and the Indian Terri
tory. It was finally adopted.
SETTLING THE CONTESTS.
National Committeemen Make
Short Work of the Disputes.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— Every mem
ber of the National Committee was in his
seat or represented by proxy when the
committee reconvened at 10:30 o'clock
this morning.
Just as soon as Chairman Carter had
called his associates to order Committee
man N. B. Scott of West Virginia asked
the committee to give its serious attention
to the fact that while this was the third
day of the session only sixty contests had
so far been passed upon and 108 still
remained upon the order of business. He
moved that irom now on each side in the
contested delegations be allowed but ten
minutes for presentation of its case, and it
was carried.
Secretary Manley announced that the
contest in the Eighth Virginia District
had been withdrawn by letter and the
names of W. B. G. Shumate and H. Y.
Wayle were placed upon the temporary
roll. Both are instructed for McKinley.
Consideration of the Mississippi contests
was resumed, the Sixth being next on the
calendar. Ex-Congressman Lynch ap
peared for the contestees, J. W. Randolph
and Sam D. Young (colored) and General
Thompson of Ohio spoke for the contest
ants, C. A. Simpson and George P. Bowles
(colored). There was no debate in com
mittee and the two last named were
promptly seated, by a unanimous vote.
With equal celerity the contestants in the
Seventh Mississippi district, James M.
Matthews, Sr., and George C. Granberry
(colored) were placed on the role to the
exclusion of J. Meredith Matthews and
Thomas E. Richardson. In each of these
cases both contestees and contestants were
McKinleyites.
Next the committee toot up the case
brought from the First district of Ala
bama and which had been laid over from
Wednesday afternoon. Here the contest
ants were S. M. Murphy and D. H. Pren
tiss, both colored and favoring Reed as
first choice and the contestees, Samuel S.
Booth and John Harmon (colored) both
lor McKinley.
After the statements had been heard
Committeeman Sutherland of New York
moved that in view of the conflicting
statements the affid. 'its ip the case
be submitted to a sub-committee of five.
This was ruled out on the ground that the
committee had previously refused to refer
contests to sub-committees.
Settle of North Carolina then proposed
that both contestees and contestants be
excluded from the temporary roll, but it
was defeated.
The committee then refused to seat the
Reed delegation by a vote of 12 to 31, and
Booth and Harmon were placed upon the
temporary roll.
Senator Gear of lowa declared that this
vote "would have a bad effect upon the
country."
At the afternoon session the contest
from Delaware was called, but it was an
nounced that Mr. Addicks would not ar
rive until 3 p. m. and it was postponed for
two hours. Meanwhile the contest upon
the delegatca-at-large from Louisiana was
ta ken up. .
In this case the representatives of the
regular Republican party of the State,
comprising Wiliiam Pitt Kellogg, Albert
JI. Leonard (white Reedites), and Henry
Demas and J. Madison Vance (colored
MiKinleyite- ), claim to be entitled to be
placed upon the roll. Against them are
the nominees of the National Republican
Sugar-Planters' Convention, A. A. Mc-
Ginnis, E. N. Cornany, Anthony Doherty
and R. H. Hackney, all white McKinley
ites. In addition Leonard's seat is inde
pendently contested by Andrew Hero Jr.
The McGinnis quartet had an advantage
in a certificate from the chairman of the
State committee setting forth that it was
regular, and its proofs were presented and
argued by William Belian of New Orleans.
Without calling upon the other delega
tion to reply, the committee went into ex
ecutive session and promptly seated the
Kellogg delegates by a unanimous vote.
It was suggested, however, by several
members of the committee that this sum
mary proceeding might do injury to the
Republican cause iv Louisiana Dy alienat
ing the sugar-planters' element, and the
respective delegations having been called
back, Chairman Carter made a pacific ad
dress pointing out that the action taken
had been based upon the statement of
Belian himself that the organization he
represented was not regular, and suggest
ing that the Committes on Credentials of
the National Committee was a court of
last resort.
The contestants accepted the suggestion
and announced as they withdrew that the
case would be carried to the convention.
Although the seating of ex-Governor
Kellogg and his associates was regarded as
disposing of all the contests in the six
Louisiana Congressional districts, it was
decided to take them up seriatim and hear
arguments. Iv the First district, ex-
Governor Henry C. Warmoth and Walter
L. Cohen (colored), instructed for McKin
ley, and C. W. Boothby and G. W. Dever
zin (colored), instructed for Reed, were the
rival delegations.
Warmoth and Cohen were seated with
out a rollcall. This was a victory for the
sugar planters or National Republicans
and a practical reversal of the position
taken by the committee on the preceding
contest.
In the Second district the contestees
Continued on Second I'age,
TRUMBO ARGUES FOR SILVER
Leads the White=Metal Champions
of the West Who Are Defiant
and Aggressive.
DEMAND HADE THAT THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
BE PLACED SQUARELY ON RECORD.
Next in Importance to the Protection of American
Industries Come Questions Relating to the
Coinage of Precious Metals in
Proper Ratios.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June 12.— Now, that
the matter of the Presidency is about set
tled and that the contest of the Vice-Presi
dency is narrowing down, the question of
protection is coming to the front and is
being discussed in the hotel lobbies to
night. It is conceded that one of the
strongest planka in the platform must "be
that of protection to American industries.
Unlike almost any other is-ue before the.
political parties to-day, the demand for
protection Is universp.. There is not a
State in the Union that does not clamor
for it. While Republicans may be divided
on matters of policy respecting finance
CHAUNCEY IVES FILLEY OF MISSOURI, ONE OF THE
DELEGATES AT LARGE.
Mr. Filley is one of the notable political characters of the country,
and will be sure to attract attention on the floor of the convention.
He belongs to the old guard and has sat in every Republican National
Convention since 1864. In that year he, with other members of the
Missouri delegation, did the queer thing of voting for Grant when
every other delegation recorded itself for Abraham Lincoln. He voted
in four different National conventions for General Grant, and in 1880
cast his ballot for the great commander thirty-seven times. He is the
proud possessor of one of the " 306 " medals, and often wears it upon
his breast.
PRICE CENTS
and other issues, they are a unit in the be
lief and are unanimous in the demand
tliat American labor must be protected from
the cheap slave labor of 'Europe. This cry
for relief comes from Maine to the south
ernmost rim of Florida, from Washington
to the Mexican border, and is echoed from
all the States that lie between.
m this interest has come to St. Louis'
Henry T. Oxnard, founder and proprietor
of the beet-sugar factory in Chino, Cal.
Mr. Oxnard sees great possibilities in store
for sugar-beet culture iv California and
other States whose soil and climate may
be adapted to the produc tion of this vege2
table. He is opposed to counties or sub
sidies and desires for the industry repre
sented by him the same measure of pro
tection that is afforded others. Ex-Gov
ernor Warmouth of Louisiana is'in accord
with the sentiments expressed by Mr. Ox
nard and is lending him his hearty co
operation. Under the present tariff the
duty on sugar is 40 per cent advalorem.
This Mr. Oxnard does not think is high
enough to keep out the competition of the
cheap peon labor of othercountries and he
is in favor of Jevying a specific duty ol 2
cents per pound on sugar, as it was in the
McKinley bill. This would enable Amer
ican sugar-producers to build up the in
dustry without raising the price and would
bring into cultivation in California alone
many thousands of acre: of what would
otherwise be unproductive land.
Mr. Oxnard says that the experiment in
California has proved conclusively that
beet-raising for the purpose of sujjar man
ufacture is profitable to the farmer and
under a proper system of protection wiil
be in time one of the great industries of
California.
Mr. Oxnard and his associates from
Louisiana have prepared the following to
be submitted to the committee on plat
form as a special plank for insertion there
in:
"The practicability of successfully grow
ing sugar-beets throughout the United
States having been clearly demonstrated
within the last tive years, and believing
that uni\ersal introduction of this crop
will be a material aid to our agricultural
classes in times when other staple crops
are depressed, we favor any measure which
can brine about the rapid development of
a National sugar industry, thereby keep
ing at home and distributing among our
own agricultural inhabitants the $12d.000,
-000 which we are annually sending abroad
to foreigners for sugar."
It is not expected that there will be any
opposition to the insertion of this plank in
the platform. Other special planks asking
for protection on wool and lead, which in
dustries have been paralyzed by the Demo
cratic tariff, will be urged, so that it may
become unmistakeably apparent to even
the most unreflecting voter that the Re
publican party is determined at all hazards
to restore to the afflicted laborers, me
chanics and agriculturists of the country
that prosperity which was strangled by
the Wilson bill.
The following is the proposed plank on
the lead matter:
"Th«s Republican party is in favor of the
re-enactment of the tariff schedule of 1890
providing for a duty on lead ores, without
taking notes of the value of the silver
associated with the lead in the ores im
ported."
There is but little doubt that the follow
ing wiil be made a part of the platform :
"Noting that under the tariff act of
March 2, 1867, the wool industry was more
prosperous than during any other period
in the history of the country, and observ
ing that the present free-trade policy of
the Democratic administration has ruined
that industry, the Republican party, not
Jess eager to-day than in the past to up
hold the interests of those engaged in the
raising of wool, hereby stand committed
to the reinstatement of a schedule on wool
as enacted in the tariff law of 1867."
A prominent Morton man said to-night,
speaking of McKinley's expected nomina
tion, "Dead things sometimes get up and
walk."
Nexi in importance 'to protection is the
financial issue. The silver men, headed
by Colonel Isaac Trumbo of Utah, are still
defiant and aggressive. They declare that
as they cannot get free coinage they will
insist on a clean-cut plauk in favor of
gold, so that there may be no mistake as
to the attitude of the Republican party on
the subject.
If a declaration for gold would be better
for the cause of Republicanism in the East
than an attempt to conceal the gold
otandard behind glittering generalities,
they want gold to be put into the platform.
Several conferences have been held con
cerning this matter, and up to the present
writing the leaders of the Republican
party who are for sound money and the
silver men have not been able to agree.
Nor is it likely that there will be any com
promise, for Thomas C. Platt of New York
eaid this morning:
"We are here for a gold standard. The
New York delegation is for a gold standard
and a man that fits it, and we believe that
man to be Morton of New York"
The following financial plank was pre
pared by the McKinley men this morning:
"We are firm and emphatic in our de
mand for honest money. We believe that
our money should not be inferior to the
money of the most enlightened nations of
the earth. We are unalterably opposed to
any scheme that threatens to debase or de
preciate our currency. We favor the use
of silver as currency, but to the extent
only and under such regulations that its
parity with gold can be maintained, and
in consequence are opposed to the free and
unlimited and independent coinage of sil
ver."
A copy of this was handed to Colonel
Trumbo, and he declared that it did not
Fuit him. T. C. Platt of New York has re
fused to agree to the substitution of "sound
money" for gold, the New Yorkers de
manding an outspoken and unequivocal
declaration. So that the hitcn remains.
It is estimated that there are 600 votes in
the convention opposed to a gold planic
Buch as is desired by Morton's backers,
and in favor of sound money or currency
laws that will provide a circulating medium
in gold, ailver and paper which will
always be interchangeable at its face
value.
Colonel Trumbo has prepared the fol
lowing plank on silver:
"The Republican party is in favor of
free and unlimited coinage of gold and
silver at the ratio of sixteen ounces of
silver being equivalent, in all the functions
of money, to one ounce of gold when
coined into dollars of the United States of
America."
The colonel said to the committee this
evening in support of his plank:
•'We are to-day confronted with one of
the greatest problems ever presented to a
convention requiring a solution. It is the
money question. After twenty-three years
of anti-silver legislation, ending with the
complete overflow of our system of
ttnance existing up to 1873, and the estab
lishment of the reign of gold, I inquire,
what is tne comparative condition of this
country, a country which had the energy
of 40,000,000 to 70,000,000 human beings?
"You will no doubt attribute to adverse
tariff legislation much of the woe which
besets you to-day, but let us go back to the
time when the Republican tariff schedules
stood unmoved, and if memory serves you
well you will recall the gradual decline of
prices, the yearly growth of depreciation
and the fading of prosperity. There was a
time In the history of the United States
when every child was assured a station in
life commensurate with the energies of in
tellect and body displayed, regardless of
the inheritance which the first rays of
light which greeted the tiny eyes of in
fancy might have found it in possession of.
, 'Things are different now. The strata
of society are being well defined and the
fortunes or misfortunes of birth prevail
'throughout life. I point with pride to the
nredictions of the silver men in their Na
tional utterances. They have read aright
the siirns of the times with that accuracy
which is only attributal to a correct diag
nosis of the ailments of the body politic.
They have forewritten the financial his
tory of the United States with a vision
most prophetic, and those who have the
inclination and who will review the de
bates in Congress for the past twenty years
and take note of what the champions of
bimetallism have said cannot help be as
tonished, if not convinced, by the force
of events following in the waKe of silver
sentiment.
"I realize that as a Western man hail
ing from a silver State I am open to the
charge of being unduly prejuuiced in favor
of 6ilver, but it may be somewhat of a sur
prise to many of you to know that my
greatest interests are in gold mines, where
not an ounce of silver is to be encountered.
Some of the ablest and most radical, advo
cates of silver remonetization are men
who have never seen a silver mine. In this
connection I wish to refer to the oft-re
peated statement that the silver barons
are seeking to obtain 100 cents for a 50
-cent dollar. If you will but reflect for a
moment the absurdity of the statement
will be discernible. If the spirit of the
plank which I have presented was abided
by, supposing the Republican party
1 adopted it, and through that adoption it
j became the basis of a law, the miner would
[ have his silver coined into dollars of 412%
1 grains of pure silver, and lor every 371>£
grains of pure silver deposited at the
United States mint he would receive in
exchange an American silver dollar. Now,
here you have your choice: If the dollar
thus obtained passes for 100 cents no man
| with 371}^ errains of uncoined bullion will
j part witu it for less than 100 cents, and a
I 100-cent dollar will be worth 100 cents.
Has any harm been done? If, on the
other hand, the 371>4 grains are only
passable for 50 cents when coined will the
bonanza kings, as they are spoken of,
profit by free coinage? When the silver
men state that the demonetization has re
sulted in the depreciation of farm prod
ucts proportionately to the fall of silver
by virtue of a contraction of the currency
and the advantages enjoyed by silver
standard countries, the reply is made that
improvements in farm machinery is the
true cause and not the act of 1873. If the
farmers were equally as prosperous now as
they were before the effects of demoneti
zation became felt, mechanical im
provements could be held somewhat
blamable for the present distress
among our pastoral population. If a
farmer can to-day make two blades of
grass grow where formerly one grew, and
care for his increased responsibilities by
virtue of the aid machinery affords, is it
fair to presume that that advantage and
that aid has after twenty years of trial left
the farmer a bankrupt and an owner of a
mortgage which has bereft him of the
acreage which is free from debt?"
Relative to the situation in California
the New York Tribune of yesterday, quot
ing Shortridge, says:
"The California delegates are for silver,
but they are primarily and overwhelm
ingly for a protective tariff, as shown by
the indorsement by the convention of Mr.
McKinley for President, who is looked
upon by California as the great champion
of that principle. There will be no bolt on
the part of the California delegation.
They feel too strongly the need of tariff
laws advocated by the Republican party,
and will look only to the Republican party
for help on the silver question."
John Paul Cosgravk.
PLATT DECLARES FOR
GOLD AND MORTON
Cbntintied from First Page.
were A. T. Wimberly and Richard Sim
mons (colored), instructed fur McKinley,
and the contestants, Morris Marks and
Lucien Como (colored), instructed for Reed.
As in the other contests in this State the
disputes were based upon the regularity
or otherwise of the conventions at which
the delegates were elected. Wimberly and
Simmons were seated without debate or
opposition.
Next on the list was the Third Louisiana
district contest, where L. S. Clark and
William J. Belian, National Republicans,
challenged the credentials of Meyer Cahn
and of State Chairman Thomas A. Cage
(colored), all four McKinleyites.
Cahn and Cage- were excluded by a vote
of 19 to 18, but subsequently, on motion of
Hahn of Ohio, both delegations were
seated with a half vote each. The vote
was 27 to 11. This was the first double
delegation to be placed on the roll by the
committee, and Committeeman Botkin of
Montana expressed the fear that the pre
cedent would return to plague the body.
David S. Perris and C. C. Antoine (col
ored), both "regular Republicans" and in
structed for McKinley, were the claimants
in the Fourth district, while Benjamin
O'Neil and William Harper (colored),
both instructed for I^eed, made contest for
the seats. This was an echo of a similar
dispute which arose over the same com
peting delegations in the Minneapolis con
vention four years ago. Harper and
O'Neil, the Reed men, were seated by a
unanimous vote.
No presentation of facts was made in the
Fifth and Sixth districts and the regular
delegates from each locality, L. B. Don
nelly and S. W. Green (colored) and J. B.
Biooks and W. W. Johnson (both colored),
were seated. Ail four are instructed for
McKinley.
Delaware, New York and North Carolina
were passed for the time being, there be
ing no response when they were called by
the sergeant-at-arms.
In the Third Virginia District the con
testant failed to put in an appearance and
the regular delegates, Edmund Waddell
Jr. and C. \V. Harris, both instructed for
McKinley, wore seated.
At this juncture the repular order was
suspended and Wilson of Delaware moved
a reconsideration of the vote by which
Todd and Sapp (McKinleyites) were recog
nized yesterday as delegates from the Fifth
District of Kentucky.
The reconsideration was granted, and
then Committeeman Yerkes of that State
asked that the contestant^, Knoefer and
Reeder (Bradley first choice) be seated
with the regular delegates with a hair vote
each. Powell Ciayton entered a vigorous
objection and the metter was passed for
the present. After waiting for some time,
and the Delaware contestants failing to put
in an appearance, the committee, at 5:30
o'c lock, took a recess.
Tht* next contest heard by the commit
tee was that from Arizona, the one set of
delegates being that headed by Henry J.
Cleveland and the other by William
Christy. The claim of the latter was
stated by Isaac T. Stoddard. The claim
of the Cleveland set was stated by Charles
W. Wright. The «or.test was upon the
question of a vote of adjournment by the
convention. The decision of the commit
tee was that both delegations be admitted
with half votes.
At 11:30 o'clock the delayed contest
from the Fifth Alabama district was taken
up. Benjamin W. Walker, the solitary
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896
PERRY HEATH, CHIEF OF MR. McKINLEY'S
LITERARY BUREAU.
contestant, has a preference for Speaker
Reed, while the regular delegate, Douglas
Smith, is a McKinleyite. The latter was
seated by 19 to 18. At midnight a motion
to adjourn was carried.
EXPECTS TO MAKE A DEAL.
Conditions Under Which Platt Will
Run Morton for Second Place.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— The arrival
of Senator Quay was the only interesting
episode of to-day. His headquarters were
soon thronged with a motley crowd of poli
ticians, newspaper men and curious ones
anxious to get a glimpse of the great Penn
sylvania politician. Senator Quay de
clines to make any statement for publica
tion to-night, but to an intimate friend tie
confided his opinion tnat Governor Mor
ton would have the Vice-Presidency if Mr.
Platt would only say the word, but Mr.
Platt will not knuckle to the McKhiley
men. He declares that inasmuch as Mr.
Morton has been indorsed for the Presi
dency by the greatest of all the States his
name shall be presented to the convention
and voted upon for President. It is be
lieved, however, that Mr. Platt expects to
make a deal whereby Governor Morton
will consent to take the Vics-Presidentinl
nomination, provided the platform is for
sound money on the basis of a single gold
standard. Of course Mr. Plati realizes
that any farther opposition to McKinley 's
nomination is hopeless.
He appreciates the iact that the McKin
ley people would rather have Morton
nominated for Vice-President than any
other candidate mentioned. It is believed,
therefore, that his efforts will now be di
rected toward securing as strong a gold
plank as he can in the platform. He
would like to have it much stronger than
the Indiana platform.
The wiseacres say that Platt will soon
have it made known that Morton will con
sent to accept the Vice-Presidential race
on a single gold standard platform. Of
course, the platform will be adopted be
fore the nominations are made, and if the
financial plank is strong enough to suit
Mr. Platt Governor Morton's name will
go before the convention for Vice-Presi
dent. In short, Mr. Piatt is ready to
enter his friend, Governor Morton, m the
Vice- Presidential race provided the fin
ancial plans of the platform declares for
the gold standard, but if the financial
resolutions are no stronger than the In
diana platform declarations Governor
Morton will not be a candidate.
The free silver men will hold a caucus
to-morrow upon the arrival of Senator
Teller of Colorado. The concensus of opin
ion is that the Gnancial plank will be
drawn on the lines of the Indiana plat
form, and, this not being altogether accept
able to Mr. Platt, Governor Morton's name
will not be presented for Vioe-Presi<ie:it,
and the ticket nominated will be McKinley
and Hobart. C. C. Carltoh.
PLATT VISITS HANNA.
Terms, However, Not P/ade With
McKinley's Manager.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— Thomas C.
Platt has been to Mr. Hauna's room and
Messrs. Platt and Hanna have talked
matters over. That much is certain, and
the feverish energy with which Hanna
denies this f&ct detracts nothing from its
tiuth.
Platt's first appearance on the scene last
night, when he threatened that his men
would walK out of the convention if the
Platt delegates are turned down was not
calculated to encourage the dove of peace.
Nor is there an understanding between
the two men at present in spite of their
meeting to-day. Mr. Hanna would make
Platt no promises regarding the treatment
to be accorded to the Platt delegates by
the National Committee or by the conven
tion, nor did Mr. Platt indicate any
enthusiasm toward Mr. Hanna's tentative
suggestion of. Morton's name for the Vice-
Presidency. The truth is that Hanna be
lieves Platt is bluffing as regards the
threatened bolt and therefore he proposes
to stand pat for a time at least.
Mr. Platt has sent fur all the colored
delegates who have been rejected by the
National Committee, and has made them
fair promises of a rehearing for their cases
before the convention. He has thus gath
ered around him a possible following,
which, however, will probably melt away
before the convention meets.
All the hotel corridors bloom with ex
pensive and artistic photographs of the
Pennsylvania Senator, and handsome
Quay badges are on almost every coat
lapel. Mr. Quay has given Platt little
consolation, however, and it. remains to be
seen how much Mr. Platt can accomplish
alone. Platt, despite his defiant attitude,
is by no means irreconcilable, but the price
of his surrender is at present considered too
high by Mr. Hanna. Be?Hes the gold
standard Mr. Platt wants Hanna to notify
the Warner Miller element in New York
that the McKiuley managers regard him
as the legitimate leader of Kew York poli
tics and that all the bitter opposition to
his rule must cease.
Secretly Mr. Hanna is as anxious as
Platt for this very situation, because he
believes the bitter factional fight now rag
ing in the Empire State may jeopardize
the success of the National ticket next
fall. However he will not treat further
with Mr. Platt until that gentleman mani
fests a more amiable frame of mind than
he showed at to-day's brief meeting. Be
sides Hanna will hardly make final terms
with Mr. Platt until the arrival of Mul
holland and the anti-Platt contingent.
John Wise, Horace Porter and Edward
Brookfield, opposition leaders, came in to
night and immediately repaired to the
Hanna headquarters. The New York fight
will come up in tlie National Committee
to-morrow probably and as it progresses
events will develop which will have signi
ficant bearing on the final selection of
either Mr. Morton or Mr. Hobart as Vice-
President. C. C. Carlton.
ON INDIANA'S PATTERN.
The Platform Will Contain a Sound
Money Plank.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12. -The cham
pions of sound money in tne Repuolican
platform gained a notable victory to-day.
A Call correspondent has the best author
ity for saying that Mr. Hanna, on behalf
of the McKinley men, will accept a plank
drawn alter the Indiana platform, but
omitting the iinal words expressing oppo
sition to the free coinage of silver at 16 to
1. The platform will oppose the free coin
age of silver, not only at 16 to 1, but at
any ratio. All day telegr^m^ have been
raining in on Mr. Hanna from bankers
and financiers in the East, demanding
that the platform shall explicitly declare
for a gold standard. To this demand Mr.
Hanna has turned a deaf ear. He insists
that the word "gold" would be obnoxious
to many Republicans. Mr. Hanna con
sented that the final words of the Indiana
platform, -'at the ratio of 16 to 1," should
be stricken out.
Meanwhile it is asserted at th« McKin
ley headquarters that the friends of
McKinley are not drafting any financial
planKs, but will leave the matter entirely
to the Certain it is that the
McKinley forces will strenuously oppose
lighting out the issue on the floor of the
convention. It is their claim, that as they
are sincere in demanding adherence to the
present financial system, the phraseology
of a plank is a mere question of verbiage
and expediency dictates that this detail be
fought out behind the closed doors of the
room of the committee on platform. It
must be remember, d that the constant at
titude of the McKinley men proclaims
that in their estimution entirely too much
prominence is being given the financial
que tion, and that in consequence the
tariff, which is at least of equal import
ance, is being neglected.
It is the wish of the McKinley men that
the tariff and the currency be indissolubly
united. They know that it is impossible
to run both subjects in one and the same
plank, but it is determined that they shall
be at least co-equal. The following state
ment prepared at the headquarters shows
plainly their purpose:
"The closeness with which so many
State conventions have linked protection
and sound money hns suggested the idea
of joining them in like manner in the Na
tional platform. It begins to dawn that
this question is so closely related to that
other great principle sure to be enunciated
in the platform — adequate protection — that
the making of the currency plank need
not, after all, be so difficult.
"Those familiar with the financial his
tory of the country recognize tne fact that
so long as we had adequate protection
and the ample revenue which resulted
there was no difficulty about currency, no
complaint as to its scarcity ana no radical
demand for the extreme addition to it by
unlimited coinage of silver. The fact that
the nomination of Major McKinley means
of itself the certainty of the adoption of a
system of protection and the assurance of
ample revenue will of itself bring about
the conditions in regard to currency which
prevailed when the country liad protec
tion and ample revenue and general pros
perity before. While it is not asbumed
that the mere adoption of a protective
tariff will settle the silver ques
tion, it is telieved that the tariff
plank which will naturally accompany
the nomination of Major McKinley will,
when in operation, bring about such a
condition in the financial affairs of the
Nation as to greatly reduce the demands
for lanre additions to the currency, and
bring back the generally satisfactory con
ditions which existed when a full treasury,
prosperity and ample employment kept at
home and in constant circulation the am
ple supply of currency which this country
has always had. This supply, it may be
remarked incidentally, is greater than that
of almost any country in the world, and
when it is not being drawn away by the
demand* from abroad, which are conse
quent upon a low tariff and insufficient
revenue, it has always proven sufficient to
meet amply the demands of the people."
Tnere is, of course, no Bcheme afoot to
gag the convention or in any way prevent
discussion. It has been suggested to-day
that the adherents of the gold standard
who demand a specific indorsement of
gold by word shall be given an oppor
tunity to test the feeling of tho conven-'
tion, and for that purpose the financial
plank as reported by tne committee Bhall
be worded as they wish. A substitute
drawn on the line already indicated —
namely, the Indiana platform, omitting
the statement of any ratio— is then to be
offered to the convention, and the dele
gates will thus be given an opportunity to
decide. It is assumed, of course, as a part
of this programme that the majority for
the revised Indiana platform will be so
great that there will be no dancer in D er *
mitting this little comedy. Should there
be any doubt of it no chances will be
taken, and the plank will come from the
committee just as it is to be adopted.
All talk of a bolt on the part of the free
silver element when its financial plank de
manding free silver shall have been re
fused by the convention has died away.
Of all the brave array of Senatorial bolters
who six weeks ago breathed fierce defiance
at every turn only Senator Teller and Sen
ator Dv Bois remain.
Chairman Carter and ail the others an
nounce that they are Republicans first and
free-silver men next. Of all the delegates
from the free-silver Slates none would fol
low Messrs. Teller and Dv Bois. Mr.
Shoup, Senator Dv Boia' colleague, states
that no delegate from Idaho will follow
Dv Bois, and every one of the alternates
to the delegates at large from Colorado
(Senator Teller's State) stands ready and
eager to avail himself of his right to oc
cupy Teller's seat the instant be rises to
leave the hall. C. C. Cablton.
QUAY ON THE SCENE.
Flurry Caused by the Arrival of the
Pennsylvanian.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— The arrival
of Senator Quay of Pennsylvania late this
afternoon stirred into activity the some
what languid political gossip. The Sena
tor was accompanied by his son, Richard
Quay. A number of newspaper men called
at his apartments on the fourth floor of
the Southern Hotel when his presence
there became known. Beyond announc
ing that he was in the Presidential race
and that his name would be presented to
the convention by General Hastings Mr.
Quay declined to be interviewed. He ex
pressed entire ignorance as to what kind
of a platform the convention was likely to
adopt. He also declined to say whether it
was his purpose, as baa been stated by
some of the Pennsylvania delegation, to
transfer the vote of his State from himself
to McKinley when Pennsylvania was
reached on the rollcall, and generally he
manifested to his newspaper callers a
much greater desire to receive than to give
news.
QUAY WILL WITHDRAW.
He Believes McKinley to Be a Sure
Winner.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— An impor
tant conference was held in Senator
Quay's rooms late to-nignt, at which Sen
ator Quay, Mark Hanna, Mr. Hah n % Na
tional committeeman from Ohio, Hobart
of New Jersey. Samuel Fessen
den of Connecticut and W. Andrews
of Pennsylvania were present, and
at which, it is said, it was prac
tically arranged that Mr. Quay should re
tire from the contest for the Presi
dency. He said *the contests which
were now under consideration by
the National Committee were of little
or no consequence, because it was evident
that McKinley already had over 500 un
contested votes, making it evident that
the people demanded his nomination. He
acquiesced in the suggestion that McKin
ley should be nominated by acclamation.
WHAT DUBOIS WILL DO.
An Uncompromising Fight to Be
Made for Silver.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 12.—Sena
tor Dubois of Idaho, who is Senator
Teller's chief lieutenant in the fight for
free silver, will leave to-morrow for St.
Louis, where he will join the Colorado
Senator and the Republican silver men.
"We will make the fight for silver," said
Senator Dubois to-night, "in the commit
tee on resolutions and on the floor of the
convention. If we fail we shall go down
with our colors flying."
"Would a compromise be acceptable to
you?"' was asked.
'•The time for compromise is past."
"In theevent of the convention adopt
ing a platform satisfactory to you and the
other silver Republicans what will be your
course?"
"What we will do if the platform does
not declare for silver," responded Mr.
Dubois, "is a matter for the future to de
termine. We will battle for our convic
tions to the bitter end. If the majority is
against us we will act as our best judg
ment dictates."
SENATOR TELLER MAY BOLT
Colorado Will Not Support a Gold
Candidate.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 12.— Senator
and Mrs. Teller remained here to-night en
route from Washington to St. Louis.
They will resume their journey to-morrow.
Senator Teller was interviewed for the
leading local free-silver organ.
"What do you think the Republicans
will do at St. Louis, Senator?
"I think McKinley will be the nominee
on a gold standard platform."
"In that event, what will you do?
"I do not wish to make any statement
_-,--._^-^-,--^-^-^-..-^-^~^ J -^ MEW TO-PAT.
8 W.
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT .WATER*
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture Buda Pest.
"We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which
combines such advantages, as this water.
"Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin."
" This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than "\ d . A' i '
all Continental Bittfr Waters, and its efficacy is so / / r H' * &*C<rCi* AH*
great that even the smallest dose secures the [ V . — ■^gs-*'^
best results." ;:( ; ■}: ) c=^ ,: : /**
Sworn Chemist in Buda Fesk
Prices 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
■ ...
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied .
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of [■ ' •
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
further than that which is already on rec
ord. When the Republican State Conven
tion of Colorado was in session I tele
graphed home that I did not desire to
go to St. Louis, if but that my party
sent me I would not support a
gold - standard candidate for Presi
dent on a gold - standard platform or
on a platform of doubtful import, or, in
other words, a straddle. Not only did the
convention elect me, but instructed the
other delegates to be governed b/ my ac
tion. I did not like that, because it is
rather embarrassing that other men ehould
be forced to do as I might do."
"Then you will bolt the convention?"
"I did not say anything about that; but
my declaration to the Republicans of Colo
rado is on record, and you can draw what
ever conclusion you please from that."
"Will any of the other silver Senators
from the West refuse to support a gold
standard?"
"Certainly."
"You have no idea that Senator Carter
of Montana, chairman of the National
Committee, will refuse to support the
ticket under such circumstances? 1 '
"Yes, he will, and so will Dubois, Mantle
and Cannon."
SIGNS OF DISRUPTION.
Supporters of H. Clay Evans Are
Not In Harmony.
ST. LOUIS, Ho., June 12.— There are
indications of a disruption in the solid
State support of H. Clay Evans, candidate
for the nomination as Vice - President,
growing out of local friction between the
three sections of Tennessee — east, middle
and west. A meeting of the delegation
will be held to-morrow with a view to set
tling the existing difference. The friction
grows out of the contest fbr a member of
tne National Committee to succeed George
W. Hill, the incumbent. The fight is be
tween the field on one side and the Chat
tanooga candidate, Charles W. Chamber
lain, on the other. Chattanooga now has
the Vice-Presidential candidate, the dele
gate and alternate at large and the chair
man of the State Central Committee. The
friends of four other candidates for Mr.
Hill's place are threatening a bolt from
Evans unless that gentleman and Newell
Saunders, chairman of the State Commit
tee, both of whom, it is claimed, are ac
tively pushing Mr. Chamberlain for Na
tional Committeeman, do not permit the
place to go to some other part of the State.
MISSION OF HASTINGS.
Going: to St. Louis to Present the
Name of Quay.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 12.— Governor
Hastings and party left here at 9:30 to
night for St. Louis, where the Governor
will present the name of Senator Quay to
the convention as a candidate for the
nomination for the Presidency. The Gov
ernor declared that he was not a candidate
for the Vice-Presidential nomination, but
said that it would not be proper for him
to refuse it before it was offered to him.
He will vote for the gold standard.
NO SUFFRAGE PLANK.
M. H.de Young Not Friendly to the
Women.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— "There will
be no woman suffrage plank in the plat
form," said M. H. de Young of San Fran
cisco to-night. "They have been meeting
in the parlor every day and sent a com
mittee to address our committee, but we
would not see them."
SAYS MCKINLEY IS WISE.
Ex-Governor Flower Admires the
Policy of Silence.
BUFFALO, N. V., June 12.—Ex-Gov
ernor Roswell P. Flower arrived in this
city this morning on the steamer North
west and left for Watertown this aiter
noon.
"Wno is your choice for a Democratic
candidate for President?" was asked of
him by a United Prrss reporter.
"No man who would run on a free coin
age of silver platform," was the response.
"You see," continued the ex-Governor,
"Democratic chances this year are not as
glowing as they were four years ago and
candidates are scarce. In fact, there is no
Democratic candidate. It is my opinion
that the Democrats had better wait until
the Republicans finish at St. Louis, and
then when we are all assembled in Chicago
draft a good man, third term being out of
the question, of course."
"What effect will the free-silver agitation
have upon the Democracy?"
"Disastrous," answered Mr. Flower. "It
will hurt the party terribly in the East. I
know Democrais who would rather vote
the Republican ticket than vote for a man
running on a free-silver platform.' 1
"It is said that free silver men will con
trol the Chicago convention."
"If the published estimates are correct
may be they can. Of course my hoi>e and
wish is that they will not. This threaten
ing condition is the only menace *o Dem
ocratic success in New York State this fall.
On State issues the Democrats ought to
carry New York State by 100,000 and they
will, too, providing the questions raised in
the National issues can be kept out."
"What do you think of the attitude of
McKinley in refusing to express himself
on the question of finance?"
"In that respect Mr. McKinley is a very
wise man. What on eaith has he got to
talk for? He is absolutely sure cf tha
nomination. A half dozen more St. Louis
cyclones could not stop it. That being the
case, what has he to gain by talking? He
coulrt only injure himself. He is very
wise in keeping silence and allowing the
Republican platform to talk for him. Of
Course, if he was not sure of the nomina
tion and could gain anything by talking
it would be all right for him to go ahead
and talk."
BEING RE-ENFORCED.
New Yorkers Ready to Fight for
the Platt Delegates.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— 8enator Quay
of Pennsylvania was one of Mr. Platt's
callers this afternoon. The two were
closeted for an hour. When Quay de
parted Platt remarked to a group of news
papermen: "Senator Quay is in the fight
with me to the end." Early 4his evening
Platt received a dispatch which he showed
with much satisfaction to several callers in
his room. It reads as follows:
Albany, X. V., June 12.
T. C. Platt, St. Louis: Five carloads of loyal
New York representatives are on their way to
St. Louis for Morton and sound money.
J. S. Kenyon.
This delegation will arrive to-morrow
afterncon and thus re-enforced the fight
to prevent the unseating of the Platt
men in the New York delegation.
Mr. Platt is quoted as sayinir that
if the National Committee unseats his
delegates he will carry the contest to th«
committee on credentials and if their de
cision be unfavorable it will be continued
on the floor of the convention.
The arrival this evening of Cornelius
Bliss and other New Yorkers gave rise to
the belief that the New York contests,
which had^ been postponed pending their
arrival, would be taken up to-morrow. At
midnight it was still a question whether
they would be reached to-morrow or go
over until Monday.
The Marquette Club of St. Louis to-day
received a reply from Governor Morton of
New York to an inquiry addressed to him
as to whether, in the event of hi 3 election
to the Presidency, he would make any dis
crimination against Roman Catholics.
Governor Morton quotes the explicit
declaration of his letter of acceptance
when nominated for Governor ijs to the
equal rights of all citizens, and adds: "I
still adhere to the views therein expressed
and can only add that if I were charged
with the duty of administering the office
President of the United States I should en
deavor to treat all classes of citizens with
out discrimination as to their religious
belie f.' :
CALL UPON McKINLEY.
Prominent Men Preparing: to Cele-
brate His Nomination.
CANTON, Ohio, June 12.— General W.
C. Fairbanks of Indianapolis, who hag
been favorably mentioned for temporary
chairman of the St. Louis convention,
called upon McKinley for several hours
this morning. He came from Cleveland.
After a consultation with the Governor
General Fairbanks returned to the Forest
City at noon. General Fairbanks said he
had nothing to say for publication. Other
callers on the Governor during the day
were Congressman Pearson of North Caro
lina, C. F. Dewey of the Borliner Lokal
Facts
The fact that Hood's |-"v
Sarsaparilla has cured r^fTOVC
hundreds and thou- **^-^ V.*
sands of cases of scrofula, salt rheum,
neuralgia, rheumatism and other blood
diseases is proof of its wonderful power to
purify the blood.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— ln tact the One True Blood i'urlller.
Unnrl'o Pillc are gentle, mild, effective.
nUUU 0 11115 All druggists. 25 cents.
Men'sWatcks
Very richly yn lamented j^
Tuxedo Watches, ster- fig*
ling silver and gold filled \im
cases. All warranted. . . \flfl
Ha;: a engraving and e!e- >gs
pint repousse effects. A >?®S55^
tine lot of these watches J&sr ■■^<s
with beautiful fancy dials J&Srj£J£<r
expected today. Call and iSSfcf^TA^!
Waterbury
Watch OoWgßk
New office in the
Mills Building,
6 San Francisco.
HOTEL imrißE,
FIXE PROOF. „ '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. Wot,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with latM .
800 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths-
-10 minutes from bwine.*a and theatrical centra.
Overlooking "Central Park and th» Hndion Hirer.
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take cither
Cth or 9th avc. '• L " to 66th Bt., or Broadway cable
cam to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand On-
tral Station reach hotel In 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
Dletelr equipped and mo« liberally managed hotel
! Newark W. JOHNSON QUINS, Mgr.
WM. NOBLfc, Propr.
*M '1 J "v '
IB THE VEKV BhsV OXB TO KXAMISB
X your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Ey».
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention.
whose superiority has not been equaled. Sly »**•
Mas baa been due to the merits at my wort
Office Hours- 12 to 4p. M.
When ordering please mention call.Anzeiger of Berlin, Hon. T. B. Cochran
and Major Yofcum of Pennsylvania, and
Dr. Miles D. Goodyear of New York. The
Akron people declare the entire popula
tion wants to come to Canton to help cele
brate McKinley's nomination. O. C. Bar
ber, the match king, and Paul Warren, the
millionaire publisher, are at the head of
the celebration. They hope to land a dele
gation from Akron into Canton in an hour
and forty mm utes after the result is known.
MILHOLLAND HEARD FROM
Loses No Time In Calling Down Mr.
Manley.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12. -The fol
lowing dispatch, which explains itself,
w is Bent to St. Louis this evening: ■
Joseph H. Manley, Republican National
ittee, St. Louis: One hundred thousand
■'f New York State, having signed a pe
tition to tne Republican National Committee
ukingfor the nomination of William McKiu
ley for President, a committee of 500 has been
appointed to take this petition to St. Louis by
special train, and a sub-committee of fifty to
present the petition to the convention.
As chairman of the MoKinley State League
organization committee I requested you to
furnish these fifty members of the sub-com
mittee with tickets for admission to the con
vention. The dispatch being a personal one I
was surprised to find that you have given it in
a garbled form to the press, and still more sur
prised that you should characterize it as an im
pertinence. I supposed recent events had dis
pelled the notion at one time entertained by
the members of the Presidential trust that
they could not be approached by the average
citizen through the ordinary channels. Please
pardon this impertinence and give yourself no
trouble about the tickets. They have been
furnished. John F. Milholl£nd,
Chairman of Committee on Organization.
HEADED FOR ST. LOUIS.
Departure of Delegates From Three
States in Specials.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 12.-The
regular 10 o'clock St. Louis express on
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad was dis
patched from the Jersey City depot to
day in two sections, the first going on
schedule time and the second at 10:30
o'clock. The trains carried the Worth
faction from Brooklyn, the Republican
County Committee of this city and the
Platt delegates and a delegation of Repub
lican Aldermen and tneir friends.
Ex-State S nator J. Sloat Fassett occu
pied a chair in the car reserved for the
New York Aldermen, and appeared to be
the star of the aggregation. He was
hailed on all sides as a possible nominee
for Vice-President, altbou h he person
ally favored giving Governor Morton sec
ond place on the ticket if it turns out that
McKinley is the choice of the oonvention.
From the Grand Central station this af
ternoon the Southwestern limited was run
in two sections in order to accommodate
the rush of Republican politicians bound
for St. Louis. The train which left at 1
o'clock will make the usual stops and take
on delegates and prominent Republicans.
PORTLAND, Me., June 12.— The Maine
delegates to St. Louis left on a special
train this afternoon via the White Moun
tains. The cars were decorated with flags
and Danners. One thousand people, who
had gathered on the platform, cheered as
the train started, and there were shouts of
'Stick to your candidate." The enthusi
a-m manifested for Speaker Reed was
great. There are sixty-eight in the party,
includinc Governor Cleaves, ex-Goverr.or
Burleigh and Hon. L. Powers, candidate
for Governor.
BOSTON, Mass., June 12.— The Massa
chusetts delegation to the St. Louis Con
vention left Boston by special train from
the Union station at 4 p. m. to-day. The
train is due to arrive in St. Louis on Sun
day morning-.
BOIES TO BE NOMINATED.
Evans Says That He Will Be the
Choice or the Democrats.
OTTUMWA, lowa, June 12.— Chairman
S. B. Evans of the lowa Democratic de*le
eation to Chicago was asked this evening
as to his honest opinion regarding the
probable nomination of Horace Boies of
lowa for the Presidency of the United
States. He said: "He will be nominated
without a doubt."
Continuing, he sjud: "So soon as the
nomination of Boies is made there will be
such a movement in his favor headed by
men prominent in great industrial enter
prises that it will startle the machine pol
iticians. It has become imperative in
their opinion to do something to start the
wheels of business and restore industrial
prosperity to the country and to open up
the markets for agricultural products."
NOT AFTER SECOND PLACE.
Speaker Reed Wants the Presi-
dential Nomination or Nothings
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 12.— Aside
from making a call at the White House
to-day to take formal farewell of President
Cleveland upon the close of Congress, and
or at the residence of Representative
Hitt of Illinois, who has been ill for some
time, Speaker Reed remained at the Shore
ham in constant telegraphic communica
tion with friends and managers at St.
Louis. He had no further comments to
make respecting Mr. Manley's celebrated
statement of Wednesday evening.
It was learned tnat Manley's statement
of last night was prepared in response to
Mr. Reed's telegram of inquiry sent yes
terday as to the meaning and cause of his
original statement which caused such a
s< nsation. Friends of the Speaker in St.
Louis wired him that they believed Mr.
Mauley had become panic stricken at the
demonstration made by the partisans of
McKinley at the first meeting of tne Na
tioasl Committee and Mr. Manley's re
gret o*ver this action satisfied them that
"he did not mean it."
The assertion made by Manley and Mur
ray Crane, the latter of Massachusetts, at
.'-t. Louis that the Speaker would notfender
any conditions accept the nomination for
Vice-President was reiterated by his
friends in Washington, so that there need
be no misunderstanding on that point.
The action of the National Committee in
throwing out Reed delegates, especially
from Louisiana, was commented on
with much bitterness by his friends as un
necessary if McKinley had a majority in
the convention, and indefensible in any
view. They were advised that the Texas
anti-McKinley men claiming to be dele
ild probably meet the fate of
1 1» - ir Louisiana colleagues.
aker Reed will not go home until
after the convention adjourns, but he may
go to New York on a business trip, which
has been pressing for some days.
FREE SILVER DEMANDED
Governor Evans Says South Caro
lina Is for Tlllman.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 12.— "Bixteen
to one or bust," was the answer Governor
John Gary Evans of Soutn Carolina gave
to-day at the Waldorf Hotel to the ques
tion whether his State would continue to
advocate free silver or not. The Governor
is here on business for his State. In the
course ola conversation with a reporter he
said, in sutostatice: •
"South Carolina is for Senator Tillman
for President, and we hope to see him
nominated. He is a strong man, and on
the stump McKinley could not debate with
him at all. The free silver Democrats will
name the ticket in Chicago, and what is
more, it will be elected. All the Southern
and Western States and enough North
western States 'will vote for the free silver
Democratic candidate to elect him. Be
sides the West and South, we shall carry
Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illi
nois. I have calculated that we shall win,
and have fifty-four electoral votes to spare.
It is now a question of the East — the gold
section — against all the rest of the United
States. The Democrats in tbe East and
the Republicans really stand together for
gold, and there is no difference between
them. We do not expect to get the Demo
cratic votes in the East.' 1
In regard to the prosperity of his State
he said that it had increased wonderfully
in factories, and the busy hum of cotton
mills is heard everywhere.
COLORED MEN PROTEST.
Demand That Fair Treatment Be
Given Their Delegates.
TA # COMA, Wash., June 12.—Consider
able feeling has been aroused here among
colored citizens over the action of the St.
Louis hotel men in discriminating against
negro delegates. At a mass-meeting; this
evening, attended by 400 prominet colored
men, resolutions were drawn up request
ing the Washington delation to insist
npon adjourning the convention from St.
Louis to some other city if colored dele
gates are not accorded the same treatment
as the Caucasians.
Homer Declines.
BALTIMORE, Mo., June 12.— C. C.
Homer, who was elected one of the dele
gates-at-large to the Democratic National
Convention Wednesday, has telegraphed
to Senator Gorman declining the honor.
Mr. Homer dec'ined to give his reasons
for his action, simply saying that they
were good and sullicient. Mr. Homer is
president of the Second National Bank
and was the author of the Baltimore plan
of currency reform.
Pledged for tree. Silver.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 12.— The free
silver Democrats captured the Demo
cratic convention of the Eleventh District,
held at Athens to-day, nominated a free
siiver man, William E. Finck, for Congress
against C. H. Grosvenor, and elected V. C
Lowery and Jonn H. Blacker as delegates
to the National Convention. Both are
free-silver men. They, as well as Finck,
were obliged to pledge themselves for free
silver before they wer« selected.
Not Sold Yet.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— C. P.
Huntington suid to-day that the state
ment that he had sold his railroad inter
ests in Guatemala to a Dutch syndicate
was incorrect The fact was, he said, tiiat
negotiations were in progress for the sale
to the Government of Guatemala of his
road between Sau Jose and Guatemala
City, representing an investment of $6,
-000,000. He could not say when the trans
action would be completed.
Hepburn Urn animated.
DES MOINES, lowa, June 12.— The
Eighth District Republican Congressional
Convention met at Leon this afternoon
and renominated W. P. Hepburn for Con
gress by acclamation.
Oakland Democrats.
OAKLAND, Cal., 'June 12.— The Demo
cratic Connty Committee met to-nigct
and, on a vote being taken, 22 out of 35
recommended that Foote be elected chair
man of the delegation and that H. W.
Bradley be recommended for secretary.
Resolutions were passed indorsing the
course of Senator Stephen M. White and
Hon. James G. Maguire and indorsing the
administrations of President Cleveland and
Governor Budd.
W. W. Foote was indorsed for National
delegate-at-large, and M. J. Laymance for
National delegate from ttie district.
The committee adjourned to meet at the
headquarters, Golden Eagle Hotel, next
Monday night.
STIMULATE COMMERCE
Efforts of the National Asso
ciation of Manufac
turers.
Will Send a Representative Body of
Members to South America
in July.
CHICAGO, 111., June 12.— The execu
tive committee of the National Associa
tion of Manufacturers met at the Auditor
ium annex to-day. Tnere were present:
Theodore C. Search of Philadelphia Coresi
dent), E. P. Wilson of Cincinnati (secre
tary), Warner Miller of New York, C. C.
Mitcnell of Chattanooga, John B. How
arth of Detroit, Charles E. Lock of New
York. Edward H. Sanborn of Philadel
phia, Franklin Fish of South Bend,
Thomas P. Egan of Cincinnati, John B.
Kirk of Chicago ana Robert Laidlaw
(treasurer).
In catling the meeting to order the
president said: "The work of the last
four months has greatly broadened our
membership, and nearly every manufac
turing industry of importance now has a
representation in this association. Sus
picions of political purposes have, how
ever, done great injury to the association.
Our business motives and business
methods have impressed themselves on
the business men, and it is now pretty
generally understood that the association
is essentially and wholly a business ai
fair."
Mr. Search reported that the commit
tee had sent a committee of manufactur
ers to Mexico and Robert P. Porter, who
had recently returned from a tour of
Japan in the association's interests, would
soon have his repon ready for publication;
The report of the Mexican committee
wcoJd also soon be ready. A representa
tive has been sent to Denmark to study
the commercial conditions there.
The establishment of oorumercial agen
cies in foreign countries was recom
mended. On July 1 thirty prominent
manufacturers in nearly every department
of trade will- leave in a body for South
America. The association has obtained
concessions from several of the republics
there for permanent warehousing and ex
hibition of American manufactures.
The committee discussed the report of
the president, approved his acts and then
adjourned.
TRAMPS CAPTURE A TRAIN.
They Loot the Cars and Only Retire
When r»Uce Arrive.
ERIE, Pa., June 12.— A telephone mes
sage from Northeast to-day called police
assistance to a Lake Shore freight crew,
whose train was in the hands of » gang of
tramps. At Westfield, N. V., a band of
forty vagabonds boarded the train and re
fused to leave it. When near Northeast
they made a teneral attack, breaking
open and robbing cars at will. New suits
of clothing were exchanged for old ones
and valuable property was done up in pack
ages and thrown out of the cars. About
half the train was looted.
Three Miner* Perish.
TAYLORVILLE, 11l. # Jfcne 12.— The
Tiylorville Coal Mining Works were en
tirely destroyed by fire thismorning while
eighty-five men were in the mine. All
escaped but three. Loss $75,000; insured.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
AMERICANS IN
CUBAN PRISONS
Thomas Dawley Will
Probably Be Liber
ated Soon.
CEPERO TO BE TRIED.
Pessimistic Review of the
Situation by a Spanish
Newspaper.
CONSUL-GENERAL LEE'S WORK
•
The Consulates at Matanzas, Carde
nas, Sagua and Cienfuegos to
Be Visited.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 12. — Advices
have been received from Cienfuegos to the
effect that the trial of Jose Loreto Cepero,
an American, who was arrested under the
belief that He was a rebel, will take place
soon. His case is understood to be one of
mistaken identity.
Consul-General Lee will next week visit
the consulates at Matanzas, Cardenas,
Sagua .and Cienfuegos. It is also stated
that he will visit Captain-General Weyler
to-morrow in connection with Ihe case of
Thomas Dawley, the corresponpent of
Harper's Weekly, who was arrested some
time ago on the charge of having been in
communication with the rebels.
SPAIN CAN NOT SUCCEED.
Sensation Caused in Havana by That
Statement in a Home Paper.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— A Herald
special from Washington says: State De
partment officials are slow to believe the
report that Captain-General Weyler has
any intention of preventing Consul-Gen
eral Lee from visiting American prisoners
in Cuba. Any action by the captain-gen
eral having this in view would call forth a
strong protest to the Spanish Government.
The right of representatives of this Gov
ernment to visit Americans in prison nas
never been questioned, and the adminis
tration would not permit infringement of
it, especially in Cuba.
The frequent capture of Americans and
their imprisonment there especially re
quire the service of Consul officers and the
necessity of the latter talking with their
countrymen.
The authorities say that if any Amer
icans are in confinement in Morro Castle or
any other place held by the Spanish troopß
Consul-General Lee has the right to visit
them, and Spain will not be permitted to
controvert it.
A sensation has been caused in Havana
by an editorial in the Diario del Com
mercia, the leading paper of Barcelona.
The subject of the editorial is Senor
Sagasta's statement that the war is an
nually costing Spain 500.000,000 pesetas
and 15,000 soldiers, but that the conflict
may end in two years. The paper says
that the war will never terminate except
with the loss of Cuba, and that both Spain
and Cuba will be ruined.
AFTER THE SHIP- OWNERS.
British Merchants Ohjrct to Cast-Iron
Hills of Lotting.
LONDON, Eng., June 12.— The fourth
and final sitting of the third congress of
Chambers of Congress of the empire was
held in Grocers' Hall to-day. The congress
adopted by a unanimous vote resolutions
proposed by the Sydney and Melbourne
Chambers of Commerce requesting the
London chamber to arrage a conference
with ship-owners with a view of eliminat
ting certain clauses from the bills of lading,
which are virtually contracts.
These clauses secure ship-owner? from
all liability. In the event of failure to
obtain sucn conference or failing to
secure the relief sought through the
medium of a conference the resolutions
provide chat the various chambers shall
introduce bills in their respective parlia
ments designed to abolish such clauses
from bills oi lading.
Tne congress also adopted a resolution
proposed by the Liverpool Chamber of
Commerce, "condemning the sound signals
in case of fog, which were proposed by tne
Washington conference, and urging the
Government of Great Britain to endeavor
to secure the consent of the foreign
powers to the withdrawal of the proposed
new sound signals.
Resolutions proposed by the Newcastle
Chamber were adopted, favoring the aboli
tion of the levying of light dues upon
shipping.
Delegate Arnoldi of Toronto raised a
question of privilege and spoke in support
of Mr. Cockshott's amendment to Sir John
Lubbock's resolution submitted yesterday,
favoring arbitration whenever the awards
were enforceable,. and his criticism of the
United States regarding the action in
Bering Sea and Alabama matters and the
contention that arbitration was useless
unless the awards were enforced.
Mr. Arnoldi quoted the statement made
by the First Lord of the Treasury in the
House of Commons on February 17, 1891,
that a large sum of the Alabama claim
award was still undistributed, but that it
was the poiicy of Great Britain not to ask
for the return of any part of it. Mr. Ar
noldi's remarks were received with cheers.
Mr. Dal}', delegate from the Wiunepeg
Chamber of Commerce, moved a resolution
asking that the Government use every
means to encourage immigration to the
colonies. He advocated, however, a selec
tion of emigrants from the better classes.
Sir Donald A. Smith suggested that the
next congress of the Chambers of Com
merce of the Empire be held in Canada.
DR. JAMESON'S DEFENSE.
His Counsel Say* the Cane is Without the
Court* Jurisdiction.
LONDON, Eng., June 12.— The trial of
Dr. Jameson and his fellow officers was re
sumed in the Bow-street Police Court this
morning. The prosecution closed its case.
Sir Edward Clarice, counsel for Jameson,
intimated that he would submit that the
court had no jurisdiction under the for
eign enlistment act, which the defendants
were accused of having violated.
BARATIENS IS NOT GUILTY
The Court- Martial -find* He Hid Not
Violate the Code.
MASSOWAH, Abyssinia, June 12.— The
court-martial trying General Baratieri to
day found him not guilty of the charges
preferred against him. General Baratieri
was commander of ihe Italian forces em
ployed in the campaign aeainst the Abys
sinians and was in personal command of
the army when in March last the Abys
sinians inflicted a crushing defeat on the
invaders. He was tried before a court
martial for crimes comintt under the pro
visions of articles 74 and 88 of the Military
Penal Code; namely, of having on March
1 attacked the Abyssinians from inexcusa
ble motives and under circumstances ren
dering defeat inevitable; also of having
abandoned the chief command of the
troops irom half past 12 on March 1 until
9 o'clock on March 3, thereby failing to
give the orders required for lessening the
consequences of the defeat.
BRITISH NILE EXPEDITION.
Object of the Advance Explained by the
LONDON, Eng., June 12.— 1n the House
of Lordi this afternoon Lord Rosebery
asked if the Premier would explain the
extent and object of the British Egyptian
expedition up the valley of the Nile into
the Soudan.
Lord Salisbury replied that for a long
time the Government had been aware that
sooner or later an expedition into the Sou
dan would be necessary for the purpose of
recovering the territory which Egypt had
lost. Suddenly they were confronted with
the fact tnat the dervishes were menacing
Kassala. The expedition was the decided
upon.
The present objective point of the expedi
tion, he said, is Dongola and its com
mander — General Sir Herbert Kitchener —
has been given a perfectly free hand until
he shall reach and occupy that place. The
occupation of Doncola alone, he added, is
an advantage, and furthermore it is on the
road to Khartoum.
AUSTRIA'S REPRESENTATIVE.
There Will Be an Etnbassador Instead
of a Minister in Washington.
VIENNA, Austria, June 12.— The Aus
trian representative in Washington will
henceforth be Embassador instead of Min
ister. Dr. Hengelmuller yon Hengervar,
Austrian Minister at Washington, is now
here. He had an audience with Emperor
Francis Joseph and also with Count Golu
chowski, Minister of Foreign Affaus, and
urged the desirability of creating six ad
ditional Austrfan consulates in the United
States.
Barrero to lie Punished.
MADRID, SrAiN, June 12.— The Govern
ment has decided to criminally prosecute
General Barrero, who recently wrotw an
insulting letter to Captain-General Mar
tinez Campos, which resulted in the senu
inn of a challenge by the latter, Barrero
having refused to retract the letter.
FATAL FIRE IS PITTSBURG.
The Explosion of a Barrel of Oil Causes
Three Deaths.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 12.— Early this
morning a barrel of oil in the basemeut of
the bakery owned by Kubuegundo Ga
rische on Spring Garden avenue, near Al
leghany street, exploded. Several people
were sleeping in the building and before
they could escape the structure was in
flames. Mrs. Garische, aged 74 years,
leaped from a window and was killed in
stantly. The firemen found Mr. Garische
unconscious. A grandchild was found
dead in a crib and another child will
probably die. Mrs. Garische Jr. and two
other occupants of the house escaped.
No one seems to he abie to explain the
cause of the explosion. Garische was a
quiet sort of a man and apparently had no
enemies who would be likely to take re
venge on him tn so fiendish a manner.
The fire spread very rapidly. The firemen
were heroic in their efforts to save life.
They could have carried out Mrs. Garische
safely if she had waited just a few minutes
longer. She became panic stricken, bow
ever, and jumped from the window. Mr.
Garische was overcome by the smoKe and
at last accounts it is not believed that he
will recover.
Decline of the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 12.— The
gradual decline of the gold reserve of the
treasury, which under the last bond issue
reached its.maximum fisure of $128,000,000
on April 13, has now fallen to $104^38,734.
The day's withdrawals were $2,136,800,
most of it for export.
LOS ANGELES WELCOME
Crowds Applaud Senator White
Upon His Return From
Washington.
He Talks on the Courthouse Plaza,
and Hundreds Shout for "Our
Steve "
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 12.— Despite
the intense heat a great throng of Lo?
Angeles citizens gathered at the Santa Fe
depot this afternoon to welcome Senator
Stephen M. White to his home. A great
banner swung from the sides of ti.e car
containing the reception committee, which
met the incoming train at Claremont, on
which was painted in bright colors, "Wel
come to Our Steve." The line of march
from the depot to the courthouse was
thronged by great crowds, which rent the
air time and time again with zealous yells.
A band headed the procession.
When the marchers arrived at the north
east corner of the courthouse-yard ex-
Mayor Henry T. Hazard stepped forward
and introduced Senator White. He said
that Senator White had made a record
while at Washington of which California
hnd every reason to feel proud. Senator
White made an eloquent speech. He was
frequently interrupted by cheers. He said
lie had clone all he could to represent his
people in the United States Senate. He
hoped that in the future his acts would be
such as to merit such an ovation as he to
day received upon his return. The meet
ing closed with three cheers for "Our
Steve."
ROBBED BY A BIGAMIST.
Rebecca Slack ' Lone* Her Fortune and
Her Husband.
LOS ANGELES, Cal , June 12.— Rebecca
Black, a widow who formerly resided in
San Luis Obispo, is beginning to under
stand what it means to "marry in ba?te
and repent at leisure." After a few short
moons of acquaintanceship she was wooed
and won by an actor named or aliased 8.
B. Black. At the time of her marriage
she possessed considerable property in San
Luis Obispo, left by her first husband.
Black induced her to mortgage this prop
erty and give him the proceeds." This
m oney he has squandered.
The woman learned a few days ago that
BlacK had another wife living in this city.
S he demanded an explanation of him, and
he informed her that it was all a mistake.
She did not take kindly to his explanation
and sought out Mrs. Black No. 1. That
lady informed her that notwithstanding
Black's denial, she was married to him
eight years ago m Chicago, and she pre
sented a little boy about , seven years of
age as proof of their, union.
Another stormy interview with Black
followed. He yesterday proposed -■ that
they take a trip East, leaving the first wife
behind.
They were to have left last night, and
she gave hrm $120 to expend on the trip.
He not only got all her cash, but succeeded
in getting her diamonds.
Preparations- were made for the journey
and her trunks were sent to the Santa Fe
depot last even Claiming that he had
some business to transact downtown. Black
told her that he would meet her at the
depot. She was there on time, but Black
failed to put in an appearance. She pro
ceeded to investigate ana learned that
Black had taken the Southern Pacific over
land for the East. •, .
DUNHAM IS SAFE
ON MEXICAN SOIL
The Campbells Fugitive
Crosses the Southern
Boundary.
BAFFLES HIS PURSUERS.
He Begs for Food at Mammoth
Tank, on the Colorado
Desert.
IDENTIFIED FROM PICTURES.
Positive Statement of a Man Who
Fed and Clothed a Hunted
Stranger.
MAMMOTH TANK, Cal., June 12.—
Murderer Dunham is now across the Mex
ican border, secure from pursuit. He was
seen in this oasis of the desert over a week
ago and has had plenty of time to make
his way to the boundary and across. The
person who saw Dunham is a Southern
Pacific employe, well known to Southern
California railroad men. He is opposed to
what he considers unpleasant notoriety in
connection with the case and would con
sent to give to The Call a complete
account of his encounter with the Camp
bells butcher only on a pledge that his
name should not be used in connection
with the story. However, he is ready to
give the authorities all the information in
his possession.
"Several days ago," said he, "I received
a Call containing a likenes3 of Dunham.
I recogriized it at once as that of a man
who stopped at Mammoth Tank on the
night of June 3. It is a gift I have
that when I once see a face I never forget
it, as I have proved on two occasions since
coming to California — meeting persons I
had known as boys and recognizing them !
at once, although I had not met them fpr
thirty years. They did not remember me
until 1 brought certain things to their j
recolleciion. This iB why lam so positive j
about this man, if this is a true picture of j
him.
"The stranger came to the side of my
house and asked for something to eat. I
could not see him, as it was a dark night,
and I told him to go around to the front
door, which he did, and stepped inside.
He tried to hide his face, and a more piti
able looking object I never saw. His
clothes were all in tatters and his hat,
which was a dark soft hat, was very
shabby. His coat also was black and his
shoes were well worn. He said that if we
had anything left over from supper he
would like to have something to eat, as he
had not eaten anything in two or three
days, and I noticed he was very weak and
scarcely able to walk. I told him to go
around to the side door and gave him a
box to sit on. I started to get him a sup
per of fried bacon, coffee and crackers.
He wanted to eat the bacon raw, but 1 did
not wish him to. I thought he must have
been awfully hungry. I handed him out
some crackers until I had supper ready for
him.
"He ate a hearty supper of bacon and
eges and drank two large bowls of coffee.
1 gave him some crackers in a paper bag
and n can of corned beef to take with him.
I also gave him a shirt and two pairs of
socks and a light spring overcoat— as it
was quite cool — and offered him a black
derby I was not using, but it was too
small for him. I never snw a man mqje
profuse in thanks. He almost broke
down.
"I had a good look at him, and my
wife remarked that the man looked
hunted, as if some one was pursuing him.
She said: "He must have been up the
mountains somewhere, as his clothes are
all in tatters.' He was very polite, and
spoke like a man of some education. My
wife said: 'There is something wrong
with that man. He is no ordinary tramp.'
I said to her: 'I think it looks like Dun
ham, who murdered a whole lamily'; and
I went and got a paper and examined the
likeness; but the picture looked too hard
for the man who had just left, and after
talking it over awhile we dismissed the
supposition. I s .V^V'
"I asked him which way he was travel
ing and he said 'Toward Los Angeles.' I
have reason to believe he was going East
and went to Yuma on a freight train a
few hours later. He went in that direc
tion when he left, although he told me he
was going west.
"When I got The Call of June 4 I was
at once positive that I had entertained
Dunham unawares. The picture of the
murderer that it contained did not at all
resemble those published soon after the
murder, but it was an exact likeness of
the man whom my wife and I had fed and
clothed. I am convinced the man was
Dunham. I had been away from home
for a few days and it was only yesterday
that I saw this picture. I happened to
pick up a Call and saw the picture, and it
was such a good likeness that I made up
my mind to at once inform The Call
that it might send a correspondent to get
this information."
Mammoth Tank is on the Colorado
Desert, about fifty miles from the Yuma
reservation and that distance from the :
Mexican line. How Dunham could have I
got this far from Campbells in less than a
week is a difficult problem to solve. The
story here given, if its author was not
mistaken, bears out the theory that Dun
ham was hastening toward the border
while posses were still chasing up and
down Mount Hamilton.
+
PURSUED BY POSSES.
Adventures of a Bicyclist Who Me- i
sembles Dunham.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 12.— The resi- ;
dents of Knig ,ts Landing were thrown !
into a state of excitement yesterday by a
report that a man on a bicycle, answering
the description of Dunham, the Santa ;
Clara murderer, had crossed the railroad
bridge at an early hour and had proceeded
in the direction of Woodland. Several
persons were positive that the man was i
Dunham, claiming he answered the de- |
scriftion in every way. The Woodland j
officials were notified to be on the alert for !
wheelmen.
The stranger arrived in this city about 8
o'clock and stopped at the Hotel Julian,
where he registered as Frank K. Hastings
of Massachusetts.
A Call correspondent called on Mr.
Hastings and ascertatnel that he was a
solicitor for an Eastern house and was
making a tour of the State on a bicycle.
"How about your answering the de
scription of Dunham?" queried the re
porter.
"I must resemble the murderer to some
extent, for since the tragedy I have been
stopped four or live times, ' he replied.
"Just this morning, while crossing the
bridge at Knights Landing, I heard several
parties remark that I was Dunham, and I
suppose the fact has been communicated
to this city.
"My first experience," continued Mr.
Hastings, "was while on my way from San
Jose to Hollister, a couple of days after
the murder. I passed through Gilroy and
a short while afterward a posse was fol
lowing me. I kept in the lead of them to
Hollister, where I put up at a hotttl. After
changing my clothes I appeared in the
office of the hotel and a party of twelve
men ordered me to throw up my hands. I
did so, but was released in a short while,
after proving my identity. Afterward I
went to San Jose and on several occasions
the officers called me to a halt.
"I do hope they will capture Dunham
soon, as it places a man in a very peculiar
position who has the misfortune to resem
ble the murderer, and it is not comfortable
to have several armed men following yon
all the time."
Fruitless Search at San Miguel.
SaN MIGUEL, Cal., June 12.— The
rumor that Dunham was caught after a
hard fight in the Willows this morning is
without foundation. Matthews, Lyndon
and posse, after being out all night, re
turned this morning and went to San Jose.
Constable Dosh is searchine in this
vicinity. Jailer Charles Gardner and
Pres Rives, a Gilroy constable, arrived
to-day. They, • with Constable Ganoung,
went to see Mrs. Journey on the Flint
ranch. Sho is the woman who was
stopped by a stranger, who begged for
food. They still believe they are on the
right track.
Columbia Rirer Rising.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 12.— The Colum
bia River is spreading over its banks and
is beginning to inundate farming districts
on the lowlands. Telegraph wires are
being swept down, and the Western Union
Company is experiencing some difficulty
in maintaining its service to the coast.
The gauge of river at Portland is 21.2 feet.
There is much snow in the mountains, and
very high water is expected as a result of
the warm weather if it continues a few
days longer;
PROBING THE TAGUS PLOT
Strong Network of Evidence
Woven Around Silas
Lovren.
The Prosecution Coses Its Case in the
Trial of the Train-Robber
Suspect.
VISALIA, Cal., June 12.— The trial of
Silas Lovren is drawing to a close. The
last witness for the prosecution testified
this afternoon and the case went over
until to-morrow. It is not known how
the defense will proceed in its attempt to
prove that the proprietor of the notorious
deadfall was not the arch-conspirator in
the plot to rob the Southern Pacific over
land express at Tagus on the night
of March 18; that he did not plan the
raid which cost the life of Dan McCall — a
brave man, thoueh a menace to society.
Tbe prosecution has made a strong case,
and it will take convincing evidence to
break the chain of guilt it has woven
around the saloonist.
Deputy Sheriff Victor Reed, who, with
Earl Daggett, was wounded in defending
tne train which McCall boarded, was the
first witness called to-day, he simply
identifying the rifle carried by McCall,
and which, the prosecution claims, was
owned by Lovren. Deputy Sheriff D. O.
Harrelson told tlie story of the officers' trip
to Tulare and of finding the body of Mc-
Call. He said :
"On the Sunday before the hold-up I
went out to the Tagus country about the
middle of tbe day. At a point north of
the Mill Creek crossing of the railroad,
between Tagus and Goshen, 1 found a
newspaper. I was expecting to find it.
1 nad instructions that morning to follow
Britt and McCall, who left Visalia about 1
o'clock in tne afternoon. This newspaper
was found near two trees, and this spot
was not far (seventy rods) from where
McCall's dead body was afterward picked
up."
The witness pointed ont the place where
the body of McCall was found, using a
map of that part of the railroad track be
tween Tagus and Goshen. He also showed
the place Wi.ere the marked paper had
been droppe.l by Britt the Sunday before
the attempted robbery. Britt, the be
trayer of the outlaw's plot, had deposited
the paper at the soot selected by McCall
for boarding the train.
The balance of the testimony was in the
nature of identification of McCall's mask,
lantern and weapons and establishing the
connection of Lovren witn the telltale
articles.
■ gE\r to-pat:
» • TFMr \IJ i
*h "^ Wmrt ■ - 4
TIME'S UP!
Last call ! Come now, or you won't get
Ready-made Suits at 10 per cent off the
Wholesale price.
Our alterations are about done, and
this sale has been a wonderful one.
Every ready-made suit, without reserve,
goes at 90c on the dollar.
Fair warning ! Don't get left. ,
Our urgent request to return any
article not satisfactory is an absolute
guarantee. \
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET.
Only Branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery St. Avoid firms imitating our name.
FAREWELL HONOR
TO NAPA'S GUESTS.
Native Sons and Daughters
Mingle at a Ball and
Banquet.
GAYETY IN MAPLE HALL.
Miss Reichling, Founder of the
Order, Leads the Grand
March.
GRAND PARLOR'S LABORS END.
Services at tbe Grave of the Lato
Grand Marshal Evelyn
Packard.
NAP A, Cal., June 12.— The Grand Par*
lor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West completed its labors in this city this
afternoon with the installation of the
grand officers elected Thursday evening.
Before the morning session the Grand.
Parlor went to Tuiocay Cemetery and.
neld a short memorial service at the grave
of Evelyn Packard, the deceased grand
marshal. A choir sang the funeral ode of
the order, and Mrs. Lillian Carlie of La
Estrella Parlor, San Francisco, sang "Flee
as a Bird." The prayer and benediction
were read by Past Grand President C. K.
Wittenmeyer of Ramoan Parlor, Martinez.
A beautiful mantle of flowera was spread
upon the grave, and the parlor then re
turned to town.
The morning session was consumed in
exemplifying the new ritual. The reports
of the various committees were adopted.
The first order in the afternoon was the
installation. Past Grand President Miss
E. A. Spencer of Occident Parlor, Eureka,
installed the officers. Mrs. Lillian Carlie,
in behalf of the Grand Parlor, presented
Miss Bertola with a jeweled pin bearing
the insignia of the order. A resolution
thanking the people of Napa, the local
parlors of Native Sons and Native
Daughters, the asylum physicians and
the press for hospitality and favors ex
tended was adopted. When the Grand
Parlor adjourned it was out of respect to
the memory of Evelyn Packard.
The ball this evening, given by Napa
Parlor of Native Sons in honor of the
Grand Parlor, was the most brilliant social
event ever held in Napa County. The
Maple Hall rink was elaborately decorated
and the adjoining lot was converted into
a miniature forest, lighted by colored elec
tric lamps. Here lemonade and cake were
served between the dances. The grand
march was led dv Frank L. Coombs and
Miss Lillie O. Reichling, the founder of
the order.
MOJATE RAIL ACCIDENT.
A Youth Loses Both Feet Beneath the
Wheels of a Train.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jtuie 12.— Joe
Burns, a young man 21 years of age, was
run over by train 18 last night at Mojave.
Both of his feet were crushed. ' He was
beating his way from Los Angeles on the
blind baggage, and in an attempt to leap
from the platform when the train pulled
into the yard he fell under the wheels.
He was picked up and brought to Kern,
whence he was taken to the connty hos
pital. There both feet were amputated.
He had lost fo much blood in the long
journey from Mojave that his condi
tion is precarious.
Kntrjht* Landing Fire.
KNIGHTS LANDING, Cal., Jane 12.—
The two-story residence of M. E. Clowe,
just east of the railroad devpot, was totally
destroyed by tire yesterday evening. The
blaze is supposed to have been started by
incendiaries. The loss is about $3000,
partially insured.
34
JOSEF BLITHER'S
OREGON CAREER
Washington County Records
Prove That He Was
a Bigamist.
KNOWN AS ROBERT FIGI
One of His Wives Secured a
Divorce A'ter Learning of
His Duplicity.
StRVED TIME IN PRISON.
Convicted in Wisconsin of Wedding
More Frequently Than the
Law Allows.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12.— A press dis
patch published several days ago stated
that Josef Blanther, the alleged Austrian
nobleman, who early last month murdered
Mrs. P. Langfeldt in San Francisco and is
now a fugitive from justice, at times went
by the name of Robert Figi. This an
nouncement has enabled local officials to
shed some light upon the early career of
the murderer, and the records of the
Washington County Circuit Court pro
claim him a bigamist as well as a butcher
of women.
Hon. Thomas Tongue on the 30th of
June, 1894, began divorce proceedings at
Hillsboro, in the Circuit Court for Wash
ington County, for Mrs. Bertha Figi
against Robert Figi. Mrs. Figi's maiden
name had been Schoen. She wedded Figi
in Oregon City on the 18th of April of that
year and her complaint was based upon
the fact that the defendant had three or
four wives living, from none of whom be
had been divorced. Mrs. Figi set up in
her complaint that these facts became
known to her subsequent to her marriage.
Strangely enough, in view of these facts,
Figi appeared to defend the suit. He
acknowledged having been married in
Switzerland, but claimed he was divorced
from his European wife. Figi made the
absurd statement, foolishly expecting the
court to accept it as veracious, that his
father appeared in a Swiss court as the
plaintiff in the defendant's divorce case
and obtained a decree.
During the further hearing of the Wash
ington County case it was shown that Figi
had served a term in the Wisconsin peni
tentiary for bigamy. This evidence was
supplied in the form of a deposition by an
uncle of Figi residing in Monroe, Wis.
Mr*. Figi obtained the relief she sought,
but Figi escaped criminal prosecution in
Washington County and then disappeared.
Attorney C. E. Kindt, who discovered
these facts, says that the published de
scription of Blanther tallies identically
with that supplied by the Wisconsin au
thorities, even to his military bearing and
eyeglasses. Figi was an educated man,
and was familiar with several languages;
so also in Blanther. The murderer of Mrs.
Langfeldt is known to have been in the
United States for ten years at least,
which is ample time for him to have ac
complished all the rascalities with which
be is charged. It is certain that Figi and
Blanther are one and the same man.
Theodore H. Liebe of the Oregon Ger
man Bakery says that, up to a year ago,
he had Robert Figi in his employ as clerk
for a period of six months. This man had
a decided military air and was highly edu
cated, and never spoke of his past life.
Liebe regarded him as an exceedingly im
moral and dangerous man. The descrip
tion Liebe gives of his ex-clerk tallies
with that of Blanther.
BLANTHER'S EUROPEAN RECORD.
Whtn a Very Young Man He Received the
Decoration of the Iron
Crown.
LONDON, Eng., June 13.— A Vienna
digpatch to a news agency says:
The newspapers have just obtained the
story of Joseph Blanther, formerly a lieu
tenant in tbe Austrian army, who is sus
pected of having murdered Mrs. Philopene
Langfeldt of San Francisco last month.
Details regarding his military career
show that at the age of 19 he served in the
Austrian army of occupation in Bosnia
and Herzegovina in 1878, and with his
company defended the position of a bat
tery of artillery against a superior force of
insurgents. Of the company and battery,
Blanther and one sergeant escaped injury,
all the others were killed or wounded. For
this he received the, order of the Iron
Crown.
This was the first instance in which ao
young an officer was decorated with this
order.
Later, at a review of the Vienna Garri
son, Blanther was presented to King
Humbert of Italy, and received from the
latter the order of the Italian Crown.
Blanther was compelled to leave the
STATE SENATOR H. C. GESFORD.
army in 1886 owing to his heavy debts,
and went to the United States. His
mother has not heard fr.>m him since.
COLUMBIA RIVER COMBINE.
Salmon Canners Will Consolidate Their
Interests as a Result of the
Strike.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12.— A gigantic
salmon combine, to take in every interest
on the Columbia River into one corpora
tion and backed by unlimited capital, will
very probably be the unlooked for result
of the present strike of 3000 fishermen who
want more for fish than the packers are
willing to pay. The prospects are that the
Columbia River Packers' Association,
which was formed in Portland last spring,
is to be followed by a stronger concern — a
single corporation which shall be so firmly
intrenched as to command a vast influence
in the salmon industry and which will dic
tate and not be dictated to. It will be
modeled after the Alaska Packing Com
pany and it will absorb ail the big and lit
tle fishing interests, consolidating them
into one enormous plant.
One of the wealthiest canners on the
Columbia declares that the strike has
hastened this end. The cannery men are
being driven into consolidation for the
protection of their interests, not only from
the fishermen but from the mischievous
State Legislature, and by next autumn it
is be ieved the combine will be orsanized
and the consolidation effected. The com
bine's lobby will be a factor in the State
Leg slature this winter and will endeavor
to influence the law-makers to legislate in
the interests of the fishiiiL' industry.
FISHERMEN ARE OBDURATE.
Refute to Confer With an Arbitration
Committee.
ASTORIA, Wash., June 12.— This was
expected to have been the deciding day of
the fishermen's strike, but again action
was deferred. The Fishermen's Union
still demands 5 cents a pound for the
season's catch.
The Chamber of Commerce committee
submitted a proposition from the cannery
men to pay 4}4 cents. This was rejected,
as was a previous offer of the Scandinavian
cannery to pay 5 cents. The latter rejec
tion was at the request of the fishermen in
the employ of this cannery, as they did
not desire to work unless all went in on
the same basis.
When the Chamber of Commerce com
mittee requested that it be allowed to ap
pear and discuss the situation admission
was refused by an almo-t unanimous vote.
Subsequently the committee from the
Chamber of Commerce issued the follow
ing call for a meeting:
To the Public— As a committee appointed by
the Chamber of Commerce we have been labor
ing the last two days to bring about a settle
ment of the existing difficulties between the
fishermen and packers. We received from the
packers a proposition to pay 4^ cents a pound.
The union declined to allow us to appear at
its meeting to present the proposition. We
find there are many men who wish to fish at
this price, and we therefore hereby ask the
businessmen of this cltv to assemble in mats
meeting on Saturday, June 13, at 10 o'clock
a. m. at the Courthouse to discuss the situa
tion.
To-day no trouble has been reported
from any part of the Columbia River.
SONOMA GAYLY GARBED
Bright Colors Donned by the
Town of Bear-Flag
Fame.
New Feature Added to the Pro
gramme for tbe Celebra
tion of To-Day.
SONOMA, Cal., June 12.— Not even
when a circus comes to town does Sonoma
get as cay as she has in this, the week
I preceeding the Bear-flag celebration. It
was believed yesterday that the town was
fully decorated, but the work of twenty
four hours has wrought a great change.
The three arches have been completed,
and altogether the old city presents a gala
appearance.
An addition to to-morrow's programme
has been made. J. F. Finkham, marshal
of the Territorial Pioneer Society, will
read the original proclamation declar
ing California independent. This will fol
low soon after the introductory remarks
of President of the Day H. C. Gesford;
j grand president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West.
Several pioneers are already on the
scene. Among these are Major E. A.
Sherman, who will be grand marshal of
the parade, and Benjamin Dewell, one of {
the three men now living who took part !
in the Bear Flag revolution. He arrived i
here last night from Upper Lake, Lake I
County, having had to stage twenty-eight
miles of the journej-.
The old gentleman has a keen memory,
and speaks entertainingly about the event
of 1846, declaring that Bis party was made j
up not of marauders and cntthroats, i
|as the historian, Bancroft, has said, j
but of peaceable citizens, whose lives j
had been threatened by the Mexican au
tboritles, and who surrounded General j
Vallejo, then retired from active service, |
and took possession of tbe pueblo, Know- i
ing that it contained arms and amrauni
tion.
Dewell is now 75 years of age. He was
one of the three men who made the orig- !
iiial Bear Flag. His wife and her father j
and mother were also in Sonoma at the
time. His father-in-law. William B.
Elliott, discovered the Geysers in this j
county, was the first white man in i
that wild and deep mountain gorge.
The committee had expected to have !
William Potter of Potter Valley attend the
celebration as one of the survivors of the |
flaz-raising. Inquiry for him, however, j
revealed the fact that he had died in Mid
land, Tex., on the 18th day of last April. I
As far as could be learned Mr. Potter's j
body was interred at the place of his
death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
SANTA CRUZ BIDS
WELCOME ALL
Bars None From Pleasures
of the Venetian Water
Carnival.
READY FOR THE REVEL
The Booming of Two Warships'
Guns Will Proclaim the
Fete Begun.
LIGHT ON THE SAN LORENZ3.
Countless Electric Sparks Illumine
the Court of the Naiad
Queen.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 12. — To
pleasure-seekers of every clime, race or
creed, Santa Cruz bids welcome to her
water fete. The lame, the blind, the un
fortunate who seeing, hear not, will here
find pleasure they had not known before;
for though the ear be palsied there will be
feasts to delight the vision; and for the
sightless sweet strains of matchless music
will make amends for the cruel touch tiiat
robbed them of the li ht of day. Great
will be Santa Cruz's carnival on the sleepy
San Lorenzo. AI! is not quite ready for
the Queen's herald to announce the open
i ing of his sovereign's court, but two more
long days will suffice for the final touches
upon arch and barge.
The arena and the Queen's throne were
lighted again to-night, and the illumina
j tion will be continued, in order that no
j part of the machinery be out of order on
| the opening night of the carnival. The
I scene attracts a large number of spectators
I to the banks of the San Lorenzo.
The work of decoration goes forward
rapidly. By Tuesday the town will be a
DR. RUSSELL H. COOL OF ALAMEDA.
[From a photograph by Dames & Darsaz, Oakland.]
mass of carnival colors. Great enthusi
siasm is manifested. Visitors from other
towns are coming in large numbers daily.
These include of course many who intend
to spend the summer here.
Every detail of arrangement is made so
that the big show might be launched on
Monday instead of Wednesday, the day
announced. The fact is that Monday will
really be the opening day of the carnival,
although Monday is not considered in the
programme. On that day the Monadnock
and Philadelphia will arrive, and Admiral
Beardslee will be met aboard the Philadel
phia by Mayor Clark, chairman of the
reception committee, and a number of
prominent citizens. A delegation of citi
zens will visit the warships after the re
ception committee shall have paid its
visit.
The newspaper representatives will on
Tuesday be received at headquarters,
where they will be met by William Ray
mond, formerly city editor of the Surf,
who is secretary of the press committee.
The newspaper men, reporters and artists
are to be given the freedom of the carni
val, and will no*, be restricted in the cour
tesies extended. The association has ex
pressed its gratitude to the press of San
Francisco and the interior for the courte
sies extended to Santa Cruz and the carni
val.
The carnival will open in earnest on
Wednesday, and much is in anticipation
as concerning the special feature for that
day — the battle of Bunker Hill. Chairman
Lamb's arrangements are complete for
that, as well as for the mimic battle be
tween the Monitor and Merrimac, the lat
ter gunboat being now ready for occupancy
by the representatives of the Confederate
forces.
CAUSE OF VICTORIA'S DISASTER.
The Consolidated Railway Company Held
Responsible for the Loss of Many
Lives.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 12.— After care
ful investigation into the circumstances of
tbe recent Point Ellice bridge disaster, the
Coroner's jury to-day returned a verd.ct
holding the Consolidated Railway Com
pany directiy responsible for the loss of
fifiy-tive lives.
Ihe City Council was arraigned as
guilty of contributory negligence, and the |
officials of the corporation were absolved
oi personal responsibility.
It was found that the bridge was safe for
ordinary traffic and the uccident would not
have occurred but for improper over
crowding of the car, which went through
tbe structure; but the bridge was tound
not to have been constructed according to
original specifications.
Mr*. Goldson tHroreed
LOS ANGELES, <al., June 12.— Judge
Smith has granted to Mr:.. M. B. Goldson
a divorce from her husband, W. H. Gold
son, on the ground of non-sunport. The
couple are well-known in Oakland, where
Mr. Goldson some time ago brought suit
against his wife for divorce. She filed her
suit in Los Angeles, obtained service and
won a decree.
FRESNO STREET AFFRAY.
A San Francisco Solicitor Terribly Beaten
Because of an Alleged Insult to
a Woman.
FRESNO, Cal., June 12.— J. G. Ramer,
who travels for the Bancroft Company of
San Francisco, was beaten in a terrible
manner with a sluneshot in the bands of
Charles Norris of this city this afternoon.
The beating took place on the corner of J
and Mriposa streets, and caused great ex
citement.
Deputy Sheriff Timmins attempted to
arrest Norris and was assaulted by Wil
liam Ball, an actor, who was stranded in
Fresno a few weeks ago when the Rose
Stillman theatrical company disbanded.
Timmins had jerked the slungshot from
Norris' hand when he found himself at
tacked from the rear. He wheeled and
struck Bell with the slungshot and
knocked him down.
A policeman came to his assistance and
Norris and Bell were taken to jail, and
Ramer, covered with blood, was taken
away for surgical treatment.
The reason given for the assault is that
Ramer had insulted a sister of Norris.
She told her brother of the insult, and he
loaded a piece of hosepipe and hunted for
Ramer, whom he probably disfigured for
life.
Fatal Accident at Lodi.
LODI, Cal., June 12.— Lewis Durbin, an
aged resident of Lodi, was killed this after
noon while loading lumber on to a wagon.
As he was placing the timbers on the
wagon the horses became frightened and
started to run away. Durbin attempted
to grasp the lines but fell beneath the
wheel-, which passed over his head, crush
ing the skuii.
BID SANTA CRUZ ADIEU
State Dentists Conclude Their
Labors in the City by the
Sea.
President Cool Presides at a Fare
well Banquet Tendered the
Visitors.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 12.-The
twenty-sixth annual convention of the
California State Dental Association ad
journed to meet at San Jose in June or
July, 1898, the exact date to be fixed here
after. There will be no convention of the
State Dental Association in 1897, as the
first annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
Dental Congress will be held next sum
mer.
This morning's session was devoted to
clinics tnat were very interesting and in
structive, from a professional view. The
papers read to-day were passed without
discussion. Dr. P. H. Metcalf of Sacra
mento read a report on "Dental Educa
tion." Dr. L. Van Orden. gave a thirty
minutes' talk on "A Non-Partisan Con
sideration of Amalgam Alloys and Gold as
Filling Materials." He also read a paper
on "Milk of Magnesia." Dr. A. H. Sugget
of Marysville sent a paper on "Treatment
of Pulpless Teeth," which was read by Dr.
Emma T. Reed of San Diego.
The inauguration of the new officers was
attended by the jolly ceremony customary
with the association. Each officer-elect
was conducted around the hall, while the
members sang "'He's a jolly good fellow,"
and was then presented for introduction.
On assuming the chair Dr. Cool, the new
president, said:
"It is with feelings of mingled gratitude
and pride that I speak to-day in acknowl
edging the great honor you have conferred
upon me in electing me president of this
association. This installation comes to
me to-day as a birthday present and it is
the best one I have ever received. The
convention about to close is one of which,
I think, we may all be justly proud— both
on account of its uersonneland of the re
sults accomplished. It is, indeed, a meas
ure <f the value of this meetin / when such
members of the old guard as Drs. Sicnel,
Lundborg, Hacket, Gilmore and others,
who have jjroivn gray in the service, have
deemed it worth their jvbile to surrender
professional cares at home for a time and
to lend tlie convention the dignity and
benefit which their presence implies.
"We are to ba congratulated upon the
fact that our deliberations have been pre
sided over by a man of such grace and
dignity and sterling ability as has been
shown by Dr. Hays. He has been truly
an ideal president and it me no small
uneasiness when I think that I >hall have
the task of trying to live ud to the high
standard maintained by him. |
"In regard to my administration I have
but little to say and no promises to make.
Promises that never bear the fruition of
penormance are out idle things; there
fore I will endeavor to impress you by
what I shall do in the future, rather than
by what I promise to-day. I thank you a 1
from the bottom of my heart for this great
honor. My constant endeavor will be to
prove worthy of it."
Dr. Hays, in retiring from the chair,
asked that the members accept his sincere
thanks for the honor conferred one year
ago. The mantle of authority had not
borne heaviiy on his shoulders because of
the hearty co-operation of the members,
whicti transformed it into a mantle of
pleasure.
The visiting dentists and friends were
to-night entertained by the local dentists
a a banquet presided over by President
Cool.
CRAIG HANGED IN
FOLSOM PRISON
Displays No Fear as He
Mounts the Gallows
Stairway.
TRIUMPH OF THE LAW.
Seli-Inflicted Wounds Would Soon
Have Cheated ths
Hangman.
SAD PUNCTUEED HIS HEART.
An Infatuated Fern tie Clams the
Body — The Murderer's
Crime.
SACkAMENTO, Cal., June 12— John
Craig, who so nearly cheated the gallows
yesterday by stabbing himself with a
weapon made of a piece of wire, was
hanged at Folsom to-day. He met death
with the greatest coolness and fortitu ie.
He displayed not the slightest symptoms
of fear when, in company with his guards,
he stepped from his ceil door at 10 o'clock,
and he took the three or four steps neces
sary to react the floor of the gallows with
out any assistance. Excepting for a pale
ness, which could well be attributed to the
severity of his self-inflicted wound, be was
apparently unconcerned over tbe realiza
tion that his time had come to die.
As the doomed man stepped upon the
trap he cast a rapid elance over the up
turned faces of those who had gathered to
view a fellow-mortal launched into eter
nity, until it rested upon the person of his
brother-in-law, Joseph Hunter, who had
come to see the last of the murderer of his
father, mother and sister. On seeing
Hunter Craig gave a sudden start, and
then, fixing his eyes upon him, he slowly
and clearly said, in a voice tinged with the
deepest sarcasm:
"Oil, Joe, I love you."
A second later his body shot through
the trap, and the old biblical law, "He
who sheds man's blood, by man shall his
blooa be shed," was fulfilled.
After shooting through the trap, the
body barely quivered, and eleven minutes
later the physicians pronounced Craig
dead. After the body was cut down an
autopsy disclosed the fact that the mur
derer's heart had been slightly punctured
in three places by his wire weapon yester
day, but not to a sufficient depth to insure
instant death, although physicians ex
pressed the opinion that he could not have
lived longer than two days.
Craig's body was afterward conveyed to
the train and brought to an undertaking
establishment in this city. It will be in
terred here to-morrow. It is said that a
female admirer of the dead man, who be
came infatuated with him after his arrest
and who visited him a few days before his
execution, afterward begging for the body,
is paying the funeral expenses. On her
application for admittance to visit the
doomed man the gentleman who accom
panied her was plainly informed by War
den Aull that she would be granted a fif
teen minutes' interview with Craig, if she
in reality had any business to transact,
but tnat no sickly sentimentality would
be allowed. It is Hinted that by her con
nivance Craig obtained the weapon with
which he so nearly ended his life, but lit
tle faith is placed in this rumor.
The crime for which Craig suffered the
extreme penalty of the law was a sangui
nary butchery. Its atrociousness was in
tensified by the fact that those whom he
slew had been bound to him by the ties of
marriage.
On the evening of July 25, 1894, Craig,
who had been but a few months separated
from his wife, the latter having procured
a divorce because of his dissipated habits,
drove to the Hunter ranch near Tropico,
where Mrs. Craig was living in quietude
with her three young children and her
brother, George Hunter. He arrived at 7
o'clock and Mrs. Craig told her brother not
to allow him to enter the house.
The front door was locked and Craig
went to the back door just as Hunter
came out. Without warning Craig raised
his revolver and fired, the ball hitting
Hunter In the right cheek, wounding him
seriously.
Mrs. Craig was close behind her brother
and the now enraged man turned the re
volver on her. The bullet struck her in
the left eye causing instant death. Craig
jumped over the bodies of his victims and
rushed into the house in search of his
children, whom he evidently intended to
kill. The servant girl, however, had man
aged to get them a safe distance from the
house and his search was unsuccessful.
Craig then fled from the house and
jumping into his carriage drove to the
home of his wife's father and mother, Mr.
and Mrs. William Hunter, who resided on
Bnena Vista street in the suburbs of Los
Angeles. When Craig drove up the de
fenseless old couple were sitting on the
porch enjoying the evening air. Craig ap
proached and drew his revolver. His
father-in-law jumped from his chair and
rushed toward the frenzied man, but be
fore he reached him a bullet from Craig's
revolver struck him in the right side and
he fell dead. Mrs. Hunter attempted to
jump over the bannister when a shot
struck her in the left side and she expired
in a second.
After his frightful butchery he attempted
to kill himself, but only inflicted a slight
scalp wound.
The murderer's only defense was that
his victims were working against him and
a gauzy story that William and George
Hunter were conspiring to kill him. He
was tried on but one charge, that of mur
dering his wife, on which he was convicted
and sentenced to death.
WHO STRUCK MR. JOHNSON?
He Charges Tramps With the Deed, but a
Detective Accuses Mrs.
Johnson.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 12.— Word
was received at the police station early
this morning that Charles Johnson, the
night bridge-tender in charge of the rail
road bridge across the Sacramento River,
had been attacked by two tramps, who
clubbeJ him to insensibility and left him
for dead, after robbing him of 15 cents. It
was claimed that on recovering his senses
Johnson crawled home, informed his wife
and fell in a faint.
The wounded man was conveyed to the
railroad hospital and his wounds, consist
in» of sixteen small cuts and abrasions of
the scalp, were dress d. When Johnson
recovered his senses, he stated that arly
in the even ng he observed two tramps
following two women across the bridge
and ordered them to leave. When lie
spoke to them the men ran away. They
returned at 3 o'clock in the morning and
knocked on the door of the electric-motor
house. Johnson opened the door, and the
men instantly assaulted him.
Johnson said that just before his senses
SOMETIMES you have a dizzy feeling, your
_,_„, w brain whirls, you hold yourself up to the
nearest pillar or post. It may also happen that
DIZZINESS you have gases in the stomach, your heart will
" nutter and bent rapidly, a sinking feeling comes
ni77lM n CC upon you, your hands and feet are too hot or too
Dl^Zl[Mfc.&t> c £ d your back aches, there is a sense of
weakness across the spine. You may have felt
DIZZINESS man or all of these symptoms and sensations.
You will ask yourself, What am I to do ? The
DIZZINESS answer is, Use the wonder-working remedio-
D.zz.NEss treatment, HUDYAN.
D.ZZINESS HUDYAN.
DIZZINESS This remarkable discovery was made by the
Hudsonian doctors, whom so many people know,
DIZZINESS and who are highly recommended. These doc-
tors are the only doctors to whom you can apply
DIZZINESS for the great
DIZZINESS HUDYAN.
You can get Hudyan only from the doctors
DIZZINESS of the Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan cures
• \ Varicocele, Hydrocele and those delicate organic
DIZZINESS troubles. Hudyan is a sure and positive cure.
It is administered by reliable practitioners. It is
DIZZINESS a harmless but solvent remedio-treatment. If you
want to know about the cures write or call for
: CIRCULARS. :.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
Pimples
Copper-colored spots —
Sore mouth
Sore throat
Falling hair
— Enlarged lumps
Glandular lumps
Partial loss of eyebrow
Sore eyes
If you are in the first, second or tertiary state you can be
cured. Cures guaranteed. Call or write for
: GUARANTEE :
: FOR :
: BLOOD CURES. :
Hudson Medical Institute,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
left him he heard the smaller of the two
men suggest that he be thrown off tbe
bridge into tbe river, but tbe larger man
objected. He gave a good description of
the men, which tallied with that of two
persons who had been observed in the
vicinity, and Railroad Detective Ahem
found that Newton Tripp. a dairyman,
had seen two men running off the bridge
about the time Johnson claims to have
ordered them away from the women.
An ex-police detective, who has been
working on the case, gives a different ver
sion of tbe affair. He claims to have dis
covered that Johnson and his wife have
had several quarrels and that a divorce was
talked of. He claims that Johnson had
been drinkiug heavily during the evening
and that at about 2 o'clock the wife went
to see that her husband was on duty, and
probably found him asleep. On awaken
ing a rough-and-tumble tight ensued, dur
ing which Johnson's head was cut against
the lever of the electric motor. After
Johnson was overcome he was helped
home by his wife, and after agreeing upon
their story she sent word to the police.
SOME DAMAGE BY FROST.
Condition of Crop* in Various Section*
of the State.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 12.— At the
meeting of the State Horticultural Society
this afternoon G. W. Hinckley of Winters
reported that in his district, the earliest
apricot section of the State, the crops west
of the town were heavy, while to the north
and east they had been entirely destroyed
by frosts. Langford of Lodi reported full
crops of all fruits except grapes in his lo
cality, the grapevines having been injured
by frosts. He spoke at length on the sub
ject of spraying with salt, sulphur and lime
for curl leaf, and gave his experience in the
mixing of the decoction.
Robert Williamson reported that crops
adjacent to Sacramento were only fair,
and stated that, contrary to the usual
order of things, in the lowest spots where
the frost generally strikes, and where wet
weather usually affects the fruit most,
there are now the heaviest crops. He said
that there appeared to be fewer worms in
the apples this year than ever before, the
extended cold spell having killed the
spring brood of codlin moths.
SENSATION AT SAN JOSE
Mrs. Anna Duggan Accuses Her
Son of Having Stolen Her
Property.
Brings Suit to Recover Real Estate
Valued at Tw nty Thousand
Dollars-
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.— Anna Dug
gan began a sensational suit in the Su
perior Court to-day charging her son, G.
H. Dablaing yon Giessenberjj, with fraud
and asking the court to order returned to
her real property valued at $20,000.
The complaint alleges that the plaintiff
is old and illiterate; that she is now and
nas for over ten years been incompetent to
transact business. Prior to 1885 she ap
pointed the defendant her sole agent and
confidential adviser.
She claimed that by artful schemes and
false representations Yon Geissenoerg in
duced her to deed to him h«r proper y.
Two deeds were given, dated respectively
April 3, 1895, and October 19, 1885. Stie
consideration was $15, whicn sum, it is ;
aliened, has never been paid.
The property consists ot 106 acres on the
Aimaden road, about seven miles south of
town, and several lots in the northeastern
part of this city.
Board «f Trails Election.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.-The new
directors of the Board of Trade have
elected the following officers for the ensu
ing term: President, Colonel T. R.
I Weaver; first vice-president, C. M.
Hatcher; second vice-president, A. C.
Darby; treasurer, C. J. Bteeple; secretary,
J. P. Fay. Arrangements are in progress
for the annual harvest feast, Which was
such a brilliant success last year.
Forester* Will Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.— The local
lodge of the Ancient Order of Foresters
will fittingly celebrate Bunker Hill day,
June 17, with a picnic and appropriate
exercises. Excursions from San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda are expected. W.
A. Bowden has been chosen orator of tbe
day and M. Perry grand marshal.
Sigh School Oraduates.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.— The annual
graduation of the Hi :h School Senate took
place this evening at Germania Hall. Tbe
graduates are James Tormey, Milton Ish,
Henry Chandler, Harold Gray, Albert
Waltenspiel, Lloyd Harter, Haven Ed
wards, Charles Metteer.
Populists Organize.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.— The People's
Party Central Club has began planning for
the fall campaign by effectinga permanent
j organization, with sixty members. Elgin
j C. Hurlbert is president, E. B. Mercadier
j secretary and J. L. Riddle treasurer.
Fate of a Chinese Murderer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 12.— Judge Lori
gan to-day passeu a life-imprisonment
sentence upon Wong Mow Gee for the
murder of Yuck Nam at Laurelwood farm
on the evening of March 10. He will be
taken to San Quentin to-morrow.
MISS FROM CARS ON.
United States Weather Observer Zau-ton
Absent From. Hi* Pott.
CARSON, Nev., June 12.— For the first
time in years no weather report was issued
from Carson fast evening, and when the
usual hour passed by this morning with
the same result bureau officials wired to
C. W. Friend, in charge of the service in
Nevada, for instructions.
Weather Observer G. E. Lawton left for
Reno yesterday morning, announcing tnat
he would return in time to take evening
Observations. Superintendent Friend to
day learned that instead of returning to
Carson yesterday afternoon Lawton
boarded a train for the West at Reno.
Friend will attend to Lawton's duties
uutil a substitute arrives. Lawton's fail
ure to return cannot be accounted for.
row to-pat.
BICYCLES.
STANDARD
OF THE WORLD.
$100 ALIKE TO ALL.
IP YOU CAN'T BUY A
COLUMBIA
THEN BUY A...
HARTFORD.
$65.00. $50.00. $45.00.
Bargains in Second-hand Bicycles of
other makes.
CALL AND SEE THEM.
POPE IUUFACTUUI6 COMPANY, I
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1974 PACE. NEAR STANYAN. ISTATE FAIR RACES
AT SACRAMENTO
Novel Features Arranged
by the Agricultural
Directors.
LAUNCH AN INNOVATION
Purses to Be Paid on Each Eeat
of Tro tin? and Pacing
Events.
PREMIUMS FOR THE IXHIBITS-
New Departments in Which Handsome
Awards Will Be Offered for
Competition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jnne 12.— The |
State Agricultural directors met to-day to I
rearrange the premium list and adopt a
speed programme for tne coming State
fair. The speed programme, as agreed
upon, provides for eight days trotting and
pacing and nine days running.
The trotting and t>acing purses range in
value from $800 to $1200. For trotters are
provided 2:40, 2:l£, 2:30, 2:35,2:24,2:15,
2:19, 2:17, 2:10 and 2:20 class races; for I
pacers 2:27 and 2:25 class events, and for
three-year-olds 2:22,2:17, 2:20, 2:14 and j
2:10 class contests.
The 2:25. 2:35, 2:30 and 2:20 trots and
the 2:27 and 2:22 paces are arranged on
original conditions that offer an innova- ;
tion in the light-harness brigade.
They are called heat races, and the con- |
ditions provide that the purse is to be
divided into four parts, each heat to be a
race. Winners of first money in the first
three heats connot start for the fourth
heat, but all that are eligible can go the
first three heats, winning such money as
they can. A horse distanced is not en- j
titled to any money, notwithstanding that i
it had previously won part of the purse, i
There will be three moneys in each heat, \
and the way to get the most money is to
drive for each heat. This plan insures a
contest throughout the entire race, and j
prevents the holding of one animal while
another is being driven out.
In the running division there will be ]
closed on August 1 twelve stake?, eight of ;
which are for three-year-olds and upward,
with distances from six furlongs to two
and a fourth miles, and four stakes for j
two-year-olds. There will be five running
races each day. The balance of the pro
gramme will be announced on August 22.
All who have seen the programme pro
nounce it the best ever offered by the !
society. The total purses and stakes j
amount to $35,000.
The exhibition of stock will be held the
last two weeks,- and several additional .
features will be offered for the promotion ,'
of livestock interests. The premium list j
will be under consideration for several i
days yet.
Thus far an additional class has been
formed for small Yorkshire swine and the
premium for a family of hogs has been
changed to one for a lerd. There will be
no separate and distinct premiums for
county exhibits in the agricultural de
partment, but the money heretofore ap- j
portioned for these premiums will be
added to individual premiums.
A new and separate department, to be
known as the department of aairy prod
ucts and machinery, was formed, and will
be placed under the supervision of the
California Dairy Association. The de
partment will include premiums for all
dairy products, as well as for refrigerators
and 'modern dairy appliances. There will
be cash premiums, besides medals, to the
amount of about $500.
It is proposed to have a practical dried
fruit exhibit, where the teaching of cook
ing and uses of dried fruit will he demon
strated.
A committee has been appointed to pro
vide for a rocK-drilling contest, which in
itself will be a great feature and interest
the entire mining community.
The matter of special attractions for the
fair was referred to a committee.
THORNDINE`S GOOD RACE
He Won as He Pleased on the
Western Grand Cir
cuit.
Running Events Decided at Brooklyn,
Cincinnati, Forsyth and St.
Louis.
OMAHA, Nebe. June 12.— Three thou
sand people attended the Western grand
circuit races at the Fair grounds. It was
an ideal day, and the track was in excel
lent shape after the shower of the pre
vious afternoon. It was a great occasion
for favorites, and the bookies were well
pleased with the day's business.
The first race on the card was the special
for three-year-oJds eligible to the 2:30
trotting class. Falmont won easily in
straight heats. The second event was the
2:15 pace. The fight for the fiv>> heats was
between Hastings Boy and Dick Wilkes,
which resulted in Wilkes' victory. The
third race was the 2:35 trot, in which Nor
dica, the favorite, won.
As is generally the case, the best event
was last on the card. This was the special
for three-year-old pacers eligible for the
2:25 class. In the first heat four of the
nine starters were distanced. They got off
on the ninth score with Thorndine leading
and Bessie E, who had been acting badly,
a dozen lengths behind. The race was an
exciting one, Thorndine winning the heat
by a length. The second heat was almost
as exciting, Thorndine again taking the
lead, which he held to the finish, with
Edith W crowding him closely and Mary
H a good third. The last heat was tame,
Thorndine being restrained to allow Edith
W to finish first.
Special trot for three-year-olds, eligible to
2:30 class, ptirsc $900, divided into s3oo for
each heat, Falmont won, Eva Wright second,
Wdban third. Best time, 2:22}^.
2:15 pace, purse $1000, Uick Wilkes won,
Hastings Boy second, Kansas Queen third.
Best time, 2:12%.
2-35 trot, purse $1000, Nordica won, Par
gaval second, Dinah Bogs third. Best time,
2:24.
.Special pace for three-year-olds, eligible to
2-25 class, $900, divided, Torndine won.
Ed it h W second, Mary H third. Best time,
2:13.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 12.— 1 his was an off day here, both
as regards the card and the attendance.
Five furlongs, Eidolin won, Nina Louise sec
ond, Full Speed third. Time, 1:03^.
One miie, Glenmoine won, Inquirendo sec
ond, Gotham third. Time, I :42>^.
Clover stakes, four and a half furlongs,
Winged Foot won, Golden Dream second,
Cockernony third. Time, :bby 2 .
One and an eighth, miles, Shakespeare II
won, Patrician second, Dutch Ssater third.
Time, I :s9>£.
Six furlongs, Zanonc won, Jefferson second,
Emotional third. Time, lilOU'.
One and a half mi:es, Red Cloud won. Flush
ing second, Tom Moore third. Time, 2:52%.
CHICAGO, 111., June 12.— Orinda, at 8 to
1, furnished the surprise at Forsyth to-day
by winning the fourth race. Helen Wren
nnd Goliglitly were the winning favorites.
Rain made the track heavy and slushy.
Six furlong-?, Helen Wren won, Mr. Dunlap
second, Dominico third. Time, 1:19.
Half a mile, Goliiditly won, Mrs. Murray sec
ond, Golden Tide third. Time, :50%.
Seven fur.ongs. Irene Woods won, Fred X
second, Big Strive third. Time, 1:33.
One mile, Orindi won, La Creole second,
Longdale third. Time, 1:45.
Five furlongs, J. H. UraiMn won, Lady Fair
land second, George B. Swift third. Time,
l:05&
Five furlongs, May Ashley won, Santa Cruz
second, Excuse third. Time, 1:05.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June 12.—
Four and a half furlongs, Polo won, Three Bars
soeond, Floto third. Time, :57^£. •
Seven furlomrs, Evanesca won, AnDa Garth
second. Black Silk third. Time, 1:29.
F ye luriongs, Eugenia Wicks won, Imp sec
ond, Cavaleri thir.i. Time, 1:02%
Seven furlongs, Robinson won. John Havlin
second, Nannie B third. Time, 1:28.
One miie and seventy yards, Sir Dilke won,
Judge Denny second, Anna Lyle third. Time,
1:45%.
Four and a half furlongs, Mary won, John
McElroy second. Good Order third. Time,
:s<j%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 12.— Argentina in
the fourth race was the only favorite to
win to-day. Attendance 50»X).
Seven furlongs, C. C. Rumrill won, Fred Fos
ter second, Hush third. Time, 1:31%.
Five furlongs, Groganette won, Agent second,
Boagerges third. Time, 1:06%.
Six furlongs, Argentina won, Romance sec
ond, Don Carillo third. Time, 1 :16.
One mile and seventy yards, Sunburst won,
Big Ringer second, Whisper third. Time,
1 : i~-\.
Seven furlongs, Pretender won, Nicholas
second, Bridget third. Time, 1 :29?£.
Six lurlonxs, Sligo won, George F. Smith
second, Ellen third. Time, 1:145^.
AN ALMOST EDNORLESS GAME.
Splendid Ball Played by the Brooklyn*
and Cleveland*.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 12.— most ex
jlting game at Eastern Park this season was
played to-day. The Cleveland^ played with
out an error and made one more hit than the
home team, but were unable to find Payne
ivhen a hit would have won the game, -Srim's
single scored the winning run. Burkett
picked up the ball and seeing that the game
was lost threw it over the fence. President
Byrne intends to deduct $1 25 from the Cleve- j
lands' share of the receipts with which to pay
for the ball. Score: Brooklyns 4, 8, 1. Cleve
lands 3, 9, 1. Batteries— Payne and Grim,
Wallace and Zimmer. — Eraslie.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 12.— The Baltl
mores' only error gave the Chleagos their only
run. McMahon pitched in great form, while
Friend was hit with effect In every inning but
two. Kelley was put out of the game because
of an argument with Sherman over the second
ball pitched. Attendance, 2992. Score: Bal
timores 9, 15, 1. Chicagos 1, 7, 3. Batteries—
McMahon and Robinson, Friend and Dailey.
Umpiie— Sheriaan.
BOSTON, Mass., June 12.— Ehret and Fisher
were both shining marks for the Bostons to
day and were battered terrifically. The for
mer lasted two innings. Hoy's fielding was
easily the feature, his throwing being the
finest seen here this year. Score: Bostons —
15, 24, 2. Cincinnatis 3, 9, 4. Batteries—
Stivetts ana Ganzel, Ehret and Vaughn. Um
pire—Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 12.— The New Yorks
got but three hits off Foreman to-day. Two of
them, coupled with two bases on balls and a
sacrifice, yielded the only runs by the locals.
The Pittsburgs played a' fast fielding game.
Score : New Yorks— 3, 3, 1. Pittsburgs— 6. 14,
3. Batteries — Meekin and Farrell, Foreman
and Sugden. Campbell.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June Louisvilles'
colors were lowered agafn to-day by Philadel
phia, although the former made a great bid
for victory in the last few innings. Score:
Philadelphias 9, 9, 2. Lcuisvilles 8, 8, 5. Bat
teries— Orth and Grady, Hill and Miller. Um
pire— Hurst.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 12.— home
team had an easy time of it to-day with St.
Louis and batted Hart out of the box in the
fifth inning. King eased up after the Wash
[ngtons had assumed, a pood lead. Score:
(Va*hfngtona 19. 18, 6. St. Louis 6, 14, 2. Bat
teries — Maguire and Macaulay; Hart,
Parrot and McFarland. - Umpires— Keefe and \
Weidman. ' '■' ■ ' •"'•'•
. 9 ■ .■ . ,
Royal Yacht* in Contest.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., June 12.— 1n
the Royai Southern Yacht Club regatta
to-day, the twenty-raters, The Saint, The
Penitent, Audrey and Niagara started at
10:30 a.m. At the conclusion of the first
round the yachts held positions in the
order named. The race was won by The
Saint. The Penitent was second.
SCOTT JACKSON`S CHARACTER
nitnrsiem Who Swore That Jt Wat of the
Heat.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 12.— The de
:ense in the Walling trial rested its case at
;his afternoon's session, and the State be
»an its examination of witnesses in re
suttal.
Dr. Edwin Landy, who proved a good
isitness for the defense two or three days
igo, resumed the witness-stand. Em
balming, he said, would probably destroy
;he evidence that a person had died from
aemorrhage. The vertebrae from a hu
man neck were introduced, and the wit
ness pointed out how difficult it would be
ac to sever a neck. The jurymen handled
the ghastly piece of evidence rather gin
gerly. Dr. Landy said in order to cut a
dead off, it would be necessary to twist in
svery direction.
A letter was introduced and read by
Colonel Nelson, from Scott Jackson to
Walling. It was dated Greencastle, Ind.,
December 28, 1893, and referred to Stella,
Cora, "Willies Queen, who Is now in
Danville," and other girls. It was full of
references to the parties given at Green
castle during the holidays, but contained
no reference to Pearl Bryan.
The purpose of the prosecution in pre
senting the letter was to show great inti
macy between Jackson and Walline and
Ln its purpose it succeeded.
The prosecution Deeran in rebuttal by in
troducing Robert Boies, colored, who said
that the Caldwell Guards drilled January
31. Captain George Jackson was there in
military overcoat and cap. Marshal
Brown of Avondale, A. J. Clark of Cin
cinnati and Liveryman Robestock gave
George Jackson a very good character.
Mrs. Hamilton of 731 West Seventh street,
Cincinnati, saw the Caldwell Guards drill
January 31. It was her nephew's birth
day.
The lawyers vied with each other in
seeing who could consume the most time.
FRANK MATO LAID TO REST
Mod ft Ceremonies Over the Remain* in
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 12.— The
funeral of Frank Mayo, the well-known
actor, took place to-day from Holy Trinity
Protestant Episcopal Church, where serv
ices were conducted by Rev. Dr. William
Neilson McVickcr, assisted by Rev. Levi
B. Edwards. The floral offerings were
handsome and the edifice was filled with
relatives and friends of the deceased. In
terment was privately made at West
Laurel Hill Cemetery. The pallbearers
were: Emmett C. Kinc, Frank Campeau,
Arnold Daly, J. P. tucker, William S.Gill
and Adolph Klauber, of Mayo's company.
Among those present at the services
were: James E. Elverson Jr., and his
wife, Eleanor Mayo Elver«on, Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin F. Mayo, Mis? Deronria Mayo
and Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mayo Jr., Joseph
Jefferson, 0. B. Jefferson, John Jack,
Emraett Keane, Louis Aldrich, Julian
Reed and wife, Harry L. Davenport and
wife, Lillian Burkhardt, Mrs. Rachel Mc-
Auley of Louisville, Mrs. Margaret Homer
of San Francisco, and Charles E. Evans
and W. D. Mann of the Herald-square
Theater. New York.
;.- ._ .-♦— .
A Murderous Sailor.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— Martin
Alksne, late of the ship Tacoma, was on
board the steamer Campania, which ar
rived this evening. He was in charge of a
Deputy Marshal and is charged with kill
ing George Mosher, second mate of the
l'acoma, while on a voyage from San
Francisco to Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
DAGGETT SWEATS
FOR FRANK GOULD
A " Lead-Pipe Cinch " on the
Convention Is Pro- •
claimed.
SHOVELING MINT JOBS.
The Opposition Waits for a Can
didate and a Spontaneous
Boom.
ISSUE OF THE CONVENTION.
Buckley Delegates Indorse White for
the Presidency, and Order a
Special Train.
"Daggett has a lead-pipe cinch," say the
politicians of the Mint and the Junta as
they hustle or worm about under ordprs
getting in their work for Gould, the
Junta's cause and the Daggett programme
generally.
There is no doubt in the minds of Dag
gett's henchmen that Gould will be elected
chairman, that the Junta delegation will
be seated and that Daggett will get, direct
and do at Sacramento according to his
heart's desires.
Tliere is no bunch grass growing rankly
on Daggett's heels. He works while it is
day and then works while it is night and
his talking is inversely as his hustling.
He has worked up an iron will and de
clared, "My man Gould shall rule my con
vention."
Daggett works and keeps still, while Mc-
Nab hustles and talks— talks of the lead
pipe cinch on Gould's election and
the prosrarume that is to fol
low. Datrgett is making sure through
Rainey, Lanigan, McNab, Ed Greaney,
George Maxwell, J. A. Fenton, Nat Seelig
and the other Dagaett-Rainey hustlers
that the Junta delegates are all right and
that no proxies got away. Democrats
from all over the State who come to the
City are looked after, and the machine
forces throughout the State are kept in
close touch with the machine.
Daggett is shoveling out Mint patronage
for the benefit of his fight in even livelier
fashion than he has done at any previous
time. Five more jobs have been given out
within a week. Three are to country poli
ticians and two are City appointments.
They have brought support to Gould.
Day before yesterday a weigher in the
assay department, Captain Ritter of Oak
land, a Republican, who has been in the
Mint for fifteen or eighteen years, received
his discharge. The vacancy is to help
make Gould chairman.
The Mint employes understand that the
recent civil-service order of President
Cleveland is not to go into effect here
until it is officially transmitted; that it is
being held back in Washington that it
ma}' not handicap Daggett's tight for the
administration and himself,- and that it is
still a good, thing to obey Daggett's orders.
It is also expected that during the brief
time between tne adjournment of the State
Convention and the establishment of civil
service protection Daggett will oil up his
guillotine and see that sins of employes
and of their brothers, cousins and political
sponsors are properly punished. During
that same opportune period the $2CKK) ap
pointment of Gould's brother-in-law and
other patronage rewards tnat Gould may
possibly earn will be made finally good.
The opposition to Gould developed no
candidate yesterday. They were still at
sea about both Foote and White, either of
whom will be forced into the race if there
is any possibility of accomplishing it. A
candidate of some name and degree of
power will be hoisted to the view of men
by the early gathering of leaders that will
put heads together at the Golden Eagle
about Sunday night, when the possibili
ties more clearly appear.
Those who do not believe that Daegett
will boss the convention are counting on
a somewhat spontaneous union of the
delegates opposed to Daggett, Gould, the
Federal machine, gold rule of the plat
form and the Chicago delegation and the
surrender of the State machine to theDag
gett-Gould-McNab combination. They
calculate that such a last day candidate
may be rushed into the chair and the slate
smashed.
Nearly every important feature of the
convention depends on the chairmanship.
The settlement of the issue promises to be
attended by surprises for all hands.
Congressman Maguire will not be at the
convention when it opens, if he reaches it
at all. Patton of Los Angeles is a possible
candidate. John T. Coffey will play him
if he gets a chance to. Senator Burke of
Santa Cruz has also been mentioned. Po
litical conventions are uncertain.
Many of the interior delegates are
expected to arrive in the City en route to
Sacramento to-night aud to-morrow.
Daggett is expected to go to Sacramento
to-ni ht to open the commander-in-chief's
headquarters. Quite a number will go up
to-morrow.
Monday will see the huge inpourine at
the capital. San Francisco will yield her
Democrats by hundreds. There will be
only 322 looking for seats in the conven
tion and crowds are expected to go along
to see the fun. The Buckleyites will go in
a special train.
The Iroquois Club will go in a special
embannered car at 4p. m. Monday. They
will wear white straw hats and toma
hawks, take aboard Iroquois clubs at Ue
nicia and Suisun, and install officers of
the new Sacramento club Monday ni^-tit.
They talked much about the trip at the
regular club meeting last night, when W.
P. Stradley had finished his address on
"Gladstone and Ireland."
PLANS OF BUCKLEYITES
White Indorsed for President of the
United States— Arrangements
for a Special Train.
For more than an hour last night, the
Buckley delegates to the State Convention
worried over the matter of transportation
to Sacramento next week, and in the
course of the proceedings the fact was
made evident that neither Buckley nor
any of th« shining lights of that wing of
the local Democracy had any money "to
burn."
A grand-stand play was made by the
adoption of resolutions pledging the dele
gation to vote and work in the interests of
Stephen M. White for President of the
United States. This move, like that of the
nomination of Maguire for Congress, is in
terpreted as an overture for the favor and
influence in the coming convention of the
gentlemen honored.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth
drew forth tho greatest enthusiasm dis
played during the two-hour Hession when
he offered to contribute $20 of the $40
necessary to pay for the locomotive which
is to haul the special train of the delega
tion to Sacramento. But Andy Clunig,
who was present with an evident grudge
against all office-holders, pounced upon
him and shouted that if he held as fat nn
office as Ashworth he would defray the ,
whole extra expense of $40. At another
stage of the proceedings he made a similar
fling at Recoroer Glynn.
The meeting of the delegation was for
the purpose of perfecting arrangements
for the exodus to Sacramento and for
breaking into the State Convention.
Rollcall showed 110 out of the 161 dele
pates present. While it was in progress
A. J. Clunie called Charles McCarthy
down for responding to the name of De
voto, the latter gentleman being absent.
Mr. McCarthy became indignant and a
warcloud for a second or two hovered on
the horizon. The offender explained by
stating he answered for Devoto as that
gentleman was downstairs.
Congressman Maguire's telegram return
ing thanks for the nomination of toe Fifth
District Convention was read and greeted
with aoplause.
Senator Donovan of the committee on
headquarters at Sacramento reportea that
he had made a conditional arrangement
for a hall on Seventh street, between X
and L, and the committee was given full
power to act. The rent will be $10 per
day until 10 p. m. and $4 per day extra if
the hall is used until midnight.
The committee on badges presented a
sample of the insignia which it had or
dered made. It consists of two silver dol
lars overlapping one another, one snow
ing the obverse and the other ths reverse
of the coin, printed in silver on cardboard.
This is surrounded by loops of pink rib
bon. On the lower fac simile of the coin
is the following legend: "Free Silver; 16
to 1. Democratic State Convention, Sac
ramento, June, '96." They cost 35 cents
each.
On motion of Joseph Rothschild the
various Assembly district delegations
elected chairmen to look after detail mat
ters in Sacramento, and so in part relieve
Dr. Stanton, the chairman of the City
delegation. A recess was declared to al
low of this being done, and the following
chairmen were reported:
Twenty- eighth District, James Ryan;
Twenty-ninth District, P. H. Cahill; Thirtieth
Nicholas Provost, President of the Master Bakers' Protective Association.
District, J. H. Miller; Thirty-first Dislrict, T.
Trace y; Thirty-second District, M. J. Rooney;
Thirty-third District, M. J. Crane; Thirty
fourth District, Herman Joost; Thirty-fifth
District, P. J. Carr; Thirty-sixth Distri't, M.
G. Sears; Thirty-seventh District, James
N'ealon; Thirty-eighth District, M. J. Donovan;
Thirty-ninth District, J. H. Steinbach; Fortieth
District, Charles Hat?gerty: Forty-first Dis
trict, P. F. Dunn: Forty-second District, P. T.
Flynn; Forty-third District, Mat O'Donnell;
Forty-fonrth District, D.Sweeney; Forty-fifth
District, J. C. Castro.
Secretary Humphreys introduced the
following resolution without comment:
Whereas, The Hon. Stephen M. White nas
been prominently mentioned as a candidate
for the Democratic nomination for President
of the United States of America; and, whereas,
he has ever proved loyal to the interests of
the American people, and has ever been the
determined foe of grasping corporations and
monopolies, as was illustrated by his opposi
tion to the funding bill; and, whereas, he is
the living embodiment of the principles ad
vocated by the Democracy of California; there
fore be it
Resolved, That we, the delegates to the State
Convention from the City and County of San
Francisco do hereby pledge ourselves to vote
only for such men for delegates to the Demo
cratic National Convention as will pledge
themselves to vote for and use their best en
deavors to secure the nomination for President
of the United States for the Hon. Stephen M.
White, and we further pledge ourselves to do
all within our power to have the State Conven
tion send to the National Convention dele
gates pledged to the Hon. Stephen M. White,
California's choice for President of the United
States.
J. A. Steinbach opposed the resolution
and asked, '"Dare you and can you afford
to pledge yourself to a man whom we all
know has no chance of election?"
Here there were indignant and deter
mined cries of "We can" and "We dare."
After some further debate the resolution
was unanimously adopted.
Chairman Glynn of the committee on
transportation reported that a special
train could be obtained to Sacramento Dy
guaranteeing 120 fares at S3 30 each and
paying $40 extra for the locomotive.
It was decided to accept this offer and
that the train leave at 2:30 p. m. Monday.
This arrangement included a return pas
sage on any regular train. A rolfcall
showed that 136 delegates would take ad
vantage of the special train.
Tickets will be obtainable at the Buck
ley headquarters Sunday afternoon be
tween 1 and 5 p. m., and there will be a
meeting of the chairmen of the Assembly
district delegations to make final arrange*
ments at 8 p. M. to-morrow.
Charles Edelman of Orange County was
present and addressed the meeting just
before it &djourned. In the course of his
remarks he said the delegates from his
county would go to the State Convention
without bias for or against either of tne
factions from this City, and he promised
they would vote according to the law and
merits of the case. Hia utterance was
heartily applauded.
SHINGLERS HAVE A GRIEVANCE
An Alleged Breach of Agreement With
the Trades Council tha Cause.
The members of the shinglers' union are
sorely perplexed over what it terms a breach
of honor and confidence in the treatment it
has received at the hands of the Trades Coun
cil, which refused admittance to its delegates
when they presented themselves for admission
to that body.
For the greater part of this indignity the
shinglers blame the carpenters, as that uody is
supposed to be in opposition to them as skilled
mechanics.
The following resolution, as adopted at the
meeting of their union last night, speaks their
sentiments:
Be-solved, That shingling is recognised as a dis
tinct and separate trade as any mt-cbanical art
composed in the Buildlne Trades Council, and that
we are entitled to the same recognition as Is ac
corded to the affiliated unions-s ilnglers are ap
prenticed and obliged to learn thfiir trade the same
as any other trade: aud that we were urged to
form a union and that we were organized as such
by the committee of the Building Trad s Council,
with promise of receiving full recognition as an
affiliated union.
All contractors and architects recognized us as
such and »i!?neil a petition recommending that we
do the work for whkhwohad formed our union
In preference to carpenters; therefore be it further
Resolved, That we do condemn the action of the
Carpenters 1 District Council in prevailing j
upon tne Building Trades Council to declare us
not entitled to recognition as mechanics or as
a union, thereby attempting to deprive us of the
right to earn an honest living, and for sending
threats to contractors, architects and all labor
unions forbidding them to wortt with or employ us
on penalty of a boycou and strike.
This action we consider as antagonistic to union
ism and to the exercise of liberty and the legiti
mate pursuit of an honorable calling granted to
every citizen.
Father Yorke to Speak.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will lecture in St. Mary's
Church, California street, Sunday evening:,
June 14, on "Are the Irish People Ciimlnals f"
The proceedß from the lecture will be used by
the Paulist father to help pay for repairing the
exterior of the old church.
MASTER BAKERS`
GRAND PICNIC
It Will Be Held at Schuet
zen Park Next
Thursday.
GAMES FOR EVERYBODY.
Bowling for Cash Prizes the
Principal Feature of the
Programme.
PRESIDENT PROST'S THOUGHTS.
Says the Association Consists of Sev
enty Bakeries, With a Common
Object in View.
The retail grocers have had their turn
at the wheel, made things interesting on
the occasion of their twenty-fifth annual
outing, and are quietly satisfied with their
exhibition. Now comes the Master
Bakers' Protective Association and says
the day for it to bring its light fiom be
neath the bushel has arrived. In other
words, they propose to have a picnic
themselves and show the City that the}'
are not behind the times.
The active officers of the Master Bakers'
Protective Association are : President,
Nicholas Prost; secretary, George Rutz,
and cashier, William Ingling. They say
this is going to be one of the kind of pic
nics you talk about but seldom witness.
It is to be held in California Schuetzen
Park, near San Kafael, next Thursday,
June 18. There will be bowling for cash
prizes, eames for young and old, dancing
and various other forms of amusement.
In fact everything has been arranged for
a royally good time, and an excellent en
tertainment is assured to all who attend.
The associacion and music band leaves
Tiburon ferry, at the foot of Market street,
at 9 a.m. Boats will leave at 7:30, 9, 11
and 11:30 a. m., and at 12:35 and 3:30 p. m.
The admittance to the park, including
fare, will be 75 cents. Children under 15
years of age will be charged but 25 cents.
"Trie association," said President Prost,
"is now composed of seventy bakeries, the
proprietors of which are mostly of German
descent. However, a few bakeries other
than those controlled by Germans are at
present represented, and it is our iuten
tion to get as many as we can of all classes
to unite with us.
"Business in our line, as well as in most
others, has been troing down hill for some
time, and the only remedy lies in our join
ing together and working for the common
good.
"One object we have in view is to cause
all loaves to be sold for 5 cents. It doesn't
make any difference how large the loaf is
made, it should not be sold at less than
that price. We are confident that ere long
this condition of affairs will come about."
™ — " 1 "™ 11 *^ eel a joyousness, 8 great
gladness in every bone, muscle and fibre oi
your body. How? .By cleansing the blood,
the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels.
You can do this with the best herb remedy
manufactured. . It is Joy's Vegetable Bar-
saparilla. When you swallow Joy's you
find it palatable; when it does its work
you find it pleasant, agreeable. You will
. be cured of habitual constipation and in
fact any bowel disorder if you use Joy '•
Vegetable Sarsaparilla moderately.
TESTIMONIAL
THE EDWIN W. JOY CO.— Gentlemen:
I tried to get another botile of Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla and the clerk in the
drugstore brought something just as good.
I did not want something just as good, but
I wanted Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, be-
; cause I know what it did for me last spring.
I was suffering from nasty sick headaches
and dyspepsia;- my blood was bad. i After
I took the great "Home Remedy," Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla, I could eat, , sleeD
and do my work as good as I ever could.
MRS. C. D. STUART,
1221 Mission street.
COSMOPOIiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, ICO and 102 Fifth : sL, saa
i Irancisco, Cal The moat select family hotel ta
the city. Board and room. *1, I. 25 and 91 50 par
day, according to room. • Meals 35a Kooma, ; aOa
and 760 a day. free coach to and from the noc«i.
i look tor the coach bearing the name ot tha Co*.
' jßopolHau Hot*. WM. i'Aiiiii', ftopritKli
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORTTWL
We are the sole agents for the genuine J'ouvin & Cie Kid Gloves.
The Fantasie from "Lohengrin" and some ; charming selections from T>e
Kcven's "Robin Hood" will be rendered by the orchestra at the concert to-night.
See program below.
Address all (Mail Order communications to the "Mail Order Department,"
the EMPORIUM.
S^JN FRANCISCO, June 13, 1896.
Open for Business To-Night.
Special Saturday
j%\ |\ Bicycle Clothes
JfclUl for Men.
/gSt?/ read each of THESE
ITEMS carefully.
/^lm\^wHVli No matter what you
ff^Knti sSfT#f/i ma y buy in the popular
I ; & Iff W^£ Men's Furnishing Depart-
\V /Jy "^^"^ m ? nt it will prove a bar-
x^^=^-^ i "~' gain worth going out of
your way for.
These are four special offerings for Saturday only^ Investigate
them :
BSCYCLE SUITS. BICYCLE HOSE.
At $4 each. Men's All-Wool At 50c a pair— Men's Genuine Scotch
Casimere Bicycle W° ol Bicycle Hose in plain
Suits in the neatest gray or Colors, regular value 75c.
buits in the neatest gray or At 95c a pair-Men's Genuine Scotch
brown effects, stripes or checks, Wool Bicycle Hose with rolled
the pants with elastic bottom or top in handsome patterns and
buckle. These are regular $8 colorings, real worth $1.50.
Suits. I*so only will be sold on At $I o? r 5 ? P a ' r ~M en s Scotch Wool
c , , -* , , J . , . bicycle and Golf Hose in pretty
Saturday at half price. j plaid effects, and the very finest
quality made, a good value at
$2.50.
Fine $12.50 All -Wool
Men's Suits at $8.45. <Gjp L
SATURDAY LAST DAY. /^W)^\ L
Looks like a $20 suit— is really a / '° \ J
$12.50 suit— all-wool Cheviots, in / - o A \ X
grays, tans, blue, black or brown— V^M o II f
cut in sacks like the picture, or dou- N *T i P Zl I / L %
ble-breasted if you prefer. The in- A W r■ '
side just as good as the outside — for \J \ VJ^ \
we take good care that linings shall I, : \ j i )
wear as well as the rest of the suit. ..li / \ \ f
|f you would really know how much // / 'ft
reliance you can place on our adver- II I \ 'i
tised statements try one of these 1/ / / ] . v.• ,
suits. Your last chance at $8.45 to- hi \ / V
day and to-night. Monday they will LJ ' \H' 'I
be back to their old price. C* w* I
Program, Saturday Even- ! Chiffon -«.«=gnt ff »ioring^n
ifiq, June 13. Special, nor quality— the kind so
51 much in demand at present. Instead
Grand Concert by the Em- of $1 we say 65c a yard.
porium Orchestra, under Mr. —
John Marquardt, at BP. M. Elastic 150 pieces Silk Embroi-
. r •.!• dered Lisle Elastic Frill-
. PART frilling, ing— a full assortment of
 . 110 V..' „ , „%„.. — actual worth 12 i-2c. • Our
/. March, Reception .Jacobson , , jce Saturday 6c a yard> -
2. Overture, The Mill on the v v * . J
Rock" ....Reissinger ...... o . , , . , ,
3. IValtz, "The Flowers" ..Waldteuff el | Millinery .gf] pieces of high-grade
4. Polka, "Jeannette" Fetras RJhhonS All-silk Kibbons— width
5. Manoneti's Funeral Troces- RlbbonS. 4 i nch es-in ombres and
5 sion ■ Gounod changeable taffetas-wide range of
6 Er1king............. ........Schubert colorings-4oc the regular price. Sat-
7 . FantJie, "Lohengrin" .....Wagner urday special 25c a yard.
PART 11. 58 pieces of the latest novelties in
8. Overture, "Pique Dame" Suppe Black, Plaid and Check Ribbons
a. Walt?, "Die Schoenbrunner" —4 inches wide— bought
#-> ... Lanner to sell at 35c. Saturday special
to. Selection, "Robin Hood". ..Tie Koven price 22c a yard.
//. Harpsounds .Jungemann
12. Finale, "The Life for the 30,000 yards of ALL-SILK Feather-
Czar" Glinka edge Baby Ribbon — 59 different
i). "An Expedition to Africa" ....Kling colorings. Special price • Satur-
-14. Potpourri, "Vox Topuli" Bayer day until sold ie a yard.
Iwo Furniture Chances Out of a Hundred.
$2.95. $4.85.
This Large-arm Solid Oak Rocker, This neat Library Bookcase— pol-
seat and back upholstered in , richly ished, quarter-sawed oak — width 3
colored velours. Regular price $4.75. feet — brass rods for curtains.
Bepaettient gfjM££§^L^Mi^
\Ql 'j^^^J\mM.l STREET
. jgF^ $AN P*ANCISCO, (All*
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor..
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. .$0.13
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday CAUL, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
V'kkklt Call, one year, by mall ». 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation * If
to, it ia no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mlia it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
JNO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
phone Ma! n— l ß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
Cl 7 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
»:3O o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
lit JKuuh street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
P.oonis 81 and 32, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
SATURDAY JUNE 13, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
From St. Louis every rumor is thrilling.
There may yet be a surprise party at the
convention.
The only issue local Democracy cares
for is Daggett or no Daggett.
Things look certain for the first ballot,
but everybody feels uncertain.
Leave orders for Tue Sunday Call and
y hi will have good reading to-morrow.
it would seem somebody should tell Mr.
il anna there is such a thing as overdoing it.
The first ballot at St. Louis will tell the
tale, but what the tale will be is a mystery
story.
On the platform question at St. Louis
there are about afl many planks as there
are men.
Alter all is raid and done there will be
less fun at !st. Louis than at the Santa Cruz
carnival.
Bland looms up as a Presidential can
didate despite the fact there is no bland
feeling in his party.
Tbis is a good time to remember that
accidents are liable to happen in even the
best regulated conventions.
The loveof the convention for McKinley
is undoubtedly true, and perhaps tiiat is
the reason it doesn't run smooth.
Foote would like to sway the Democratic
Convention, but the chances are he will
not be permitted even to agitate it.
This Congress could not do much with
Cleveland in the White House, but it
managed him better than the Democratic
Congress.
It is already evident there will be
nothing at the Democratic State Conven
tion but mighty small politics treated in a
small way.
The money question that will have to be
settled lirst is one of wages and good
prices, and the plain answer to that ques
tion is protection.
The Socialists are reported to have put
up a State ticket in Ohio, but they could
not have put it up very high, for it isn't
visible above the horizon.
Tne greatest issue of the campaign will
be protection, and no loyal supporter of
that American system will abandon it for
any minor issue whatever.
Goldbug Democratic organs in the East
are showing an earnest desire to put the
money question out of sight before the
Chicago convention meets.
If the St. Louis convention declares for
gold, the money Question will go over to
the next campaign, for no one will trust
Democracy with any issue.
While the leaders are selecting the
standard bearer at St. Louis the ranu and
file of the party should be organizing and
getting ready to ratify the choice.
The increase in the Republican County
Committee membership will be timely.
There is much work to be done and the
committee must have members enough to
do it well.
Not one of the prairie States will admit
that any of the cyclones originated with
in its borders ; each claims that every storm
started somewhere else and was blown in
by accident.
It is the voice of the people which has
made protection the cnief issue in the cam
paign, and the same voice warns the gold
bugs not to claim the coming victory as
their triumph.
This time the Democrats of the House
joined in a vote of thanks to Tom lieed,
and the display of the conquest of their
old passions was a triumph for them as
well as for him.
The appropriations of Congress were
clearly based upon an expectation of a re
turn to Republican prosperity under the
next administration, and the people will
see to it that the expectations are realized.
Foraker is said to be the most dramatic
statesman in American public life, and in
nominating McKinley at St. Louis, he will
have a stage, a role and audience that will
give him a splendid chance to show his
talent.
Cleveland is reported to have said that
Tom Reed is the ablest leader in the Re
publican party and best fitted to be Presi
dent, but fortunately for the man from
Maine, the words of Grover have long
since lost their power to hurt anybody.
When Bland was asked if he would ac
ceDt the Democratic nomination on a free
sUver platform, he promptly replied,
"Yes, and would be elected," which only
goes to show how foolish msn become
when they answer more than they are
asked.
In the strain of the contest at St Louis
no Republican should permit himself to
be drawn into a faction fieht. Let us begin
the new era by showing the world that
California Republicans can stand together
for the party and the State ia spite of
.personal difference*
THE FIFTY-FOURTH CONGRESS
The first session of the Fifty-fourth
Congress is a past event and its history is
written. That it did not accomplish all
that was required at its handa will be ad
mitted, but it could not have been other
wise, so far as the lower house i& con
cerned. At the outset the Republican
majority in the House of Representatives
was confronted by a Hostile administra
tion in all the departments, and subse
quently a combi nation between Democrats
and Populists in the Senate placed obstruc
tions in thu way of every measure that
would not pay tribute to ihe combine's
vagaries by adding some economic or
monetary proposition that was wholly
and entirely foreign to the purpose of the
measure. Never was the lower house o!
Congress so handicapped by its co-workers
in the Senate and White House. It was
not to be expected, however, that the
President would give the Representatives
of the people a whit more assistance than
he was obliged to, nevertheless he was
most cordially invited, urged indeed, to
help Congress relieve the distress of the
country which the Yvilson-Gorman tariff
act had inflicted upon it.
But notwithstanding it was uphill work
from the day Congress convened until it
adjourned, a surprisingly large amount of
good was accomplished. It was no fault
of the Republican members tbat no relief
was extended to the treasury. When Con
gress met it did not stop to criticize the
wretched and grossly, incompetent man
agement of the Nation's finances, but
straightway st-t about to devise ways and
means for the treasury's relief so tbat the
Nation's good name and credit might
not be impaired. A proposition
that would afford ample relief was
submitted to the Senate for its con
currence, but it was rejected by
the combination of Democrats and Popu
lists already referred to. Still, had it
reached the President, as was subsequently
ascertained, he would have vetoed it al
most viciously because it was not exactly
the plan he had suggested. So, rather
thau co-operate with a Republican Con
gress to give the treasury the much-needed
present relief and protection against fu
ture assaults upon it by Wall street and
London money sharks, the President hi
cumbered the people witn an additional
debt of $100,000,000.
When the river and harbor bill— a bill
that scarcely did justice "to the commerce
of the country because it did not provide
for a sufficiently large expenditure of
money to meet the demand with proper
liberality— reached the President he
promptly returned it with excuses for his
veto that were weak almost to imbecility.
But the Republican party quickly rallied
and passed the measure over his head.
The blunder of the Wilson-Gorman tariff
act allowing alcohol to go uutaxed when
used in the arts and sciences v/as remedied
by wiping it out entirely, thus putting a
stop toglaiing frauds upon the treasury.
Reasonable sums of money were appro
priated for coast defense and for new war
ships and other needs of the navy. The
general expense account of the Govern
ment was provided for as well as it could
be under Democratic free trade, but not a
dollar was appropriated for which there
\vus no: a pressing need. The sympathy
uf the people with the Cubans and their
heroic struggle for independence was ex
pressed in plain and distinct language,
and it is no fault of Congress that the
belligerency of the patriots in Cuba bus
not been recognized by our Government.
The President has interposed excuses and
objections all along, and is still doing so.
Take it altogether, then, it is remark
able that Congress should have done so
much for the country under such adverse
circumstances. Alone the Republican
majority stood battling against a hostile
President on one side and a Democratic-
Populist combine on the other, but the
country is stronger every way lor having
such* a Congress, not only for the good ft
accomplished, but as a reminder to the
people that if they would have the Na
tion's credit maintained and their own
highways of commercial operations kept
free of hindering obstacles and opposing
influences they must rally to their old
defender and protector, the Republican
party.
THE FIRST VOTE.
"Be sure you are right, then go ahead,"
is the best advice that can be given the
young man who will cast his first vote
next November. Association and home
influence have a good deal to do in deter
mining what is right with most young
people and, perhaps, it is best that it
should be so, but the time conies now and
then when the young man should rise
above traditions and inherited opinions
and be a thinker unto himself. Every
young man expects to become a factor in
the world's business life — in a profession
or otherwise— and he should know that
next to his integrity the question of how
the best possible conditions for the en
couragement of the enterprise in which he
ventures may be established and main
tained is the leading one. ;
He must not eschew politics in its higher
meaning, for it is the science of govern
ment. He must eschew politics in its
lower meaning, for it leads to individual
and community degradation. But he
must, he is obliged by the terms of his
citizenship, to be a politician to the extent
at least of being a student of the philoso
phy of politics that he may know what is
the best and what is the worst thing the
community could do to strengthen its
social fabric and commercial highways.
Rightly engaging in practical politics is
applying common- business princi
ples upon high ethical lines to the con.
duct of the affairs of the community as a
whole, to the end that the influence of
hurtful factors may be minimized. It is
incumbent upon every man to be that
kind of an active, practical politician.
When the first voter sets about analyzing
the weak and strong spots in existing con
ditions he very naturally comes to some
conclusion as to how the weak and dan
gerous places may best be remedied, and
it is right here that tie is likely to let sen
timent overshadow judgment. But he
need be at no loss for reliable data. Prior
to 1860 the growth of the Nation's wealth
was slow, spasmodic and uncertain. This
was necessarily so because the monetary
system of the country was based upon the
honesty, or rather the dishonesty, of what
were called "wildcat" banks. The circu
lating money medium of the country was
always subject to the wildest fluctuations.
There was no stability anywhere in the
business world, and in the eighty-five pre
ceding years the Nation had accumulated
but little wealth, comparatively speaking.
In the three decades following 1860 the
.Republican party conducted the affairs of
the Nation, and in those thirty years it
increased the wealth of the country nearly
four times over and by its wise adminis
tration of the public affairs of the people
nearly $10,000,000,000 was induced to find
employment in the construction of rail
ways alone. Not only so, but enterprises
for the manufacture of nearly every
known quality and kind of merchantable
goods and wares sprang up in every State.
There was waiting employment for all
who chose to work, and at the end of the
three decades more working people ia the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
United States owned their own homes
than did the same class of people live in
their own houses in any two of the coun
tries of Europe. Therefore the Republi
can party i 3 the capitalist's party, the
manuiacturer's party, the miner's party,
the merchant's party, the mechanic's
party, tho farmer's party, the laborer's
party, the home-seeker's party, the pro
fessional man's party, and by every rule
of logic and by the history of events it
should be the party of every first voter.
THE FRATERNITY OP BARBERS.
The journeymen barbers of San Fran
cisco have rights, and they propose to
maintain them. And not only so, but they
propose to introduce quite a number of
much needed reforms. For this purpose
they aim at effecting a new organization,
and as soon as it is completed, which will be
by a charter from the International Union,
they will make the effort to close all shops
at 8 p. m. on weekdays, and not open at
all on Sundays. This is a right move in a
right direction. There is no sense at all in
keeping barber-shops open in the evening
until all opportunity for recreation and
amusement is lost; besides, barbers who
have families should not be deprived of the
pleasure of spending their evenings at
home any more than any other men.
But there are still other reasons why it
is desirable that the organization should
be. A fee of $1 to ?5 is now charged to pro
cure a journeyman a situation, and very
naturally the one paying $5 has a better
"edge" than those who pay less. This
would seem to be rank discrimination.
The new organization will make a uniform
charge of 25 cents for registering an appli
cation for a job, while efficiency and faith
fulness to duty will be the only security
needed to hold one in his position. The
society will have the additional feature of
a sick fund and an employment bureau.
WHY M'KINLEY?
It seems assured that William McKinley
Will be nominated by the St. Louis conven
tion. It seems to be the will of the majority
of the people of the United States that he
shall lead in the work of building anew
where a Democratic administration has
laid waste. It is not because Mr. McKin
ley is the one and only great statesman in
the Republican party. It is not because
he is necessary to the party and country
as no other man is. It is not because be
has explored deeper into the science of
government than any other Republican
political economist has. It is not because
he has had more experience in conducting
the affairs of the Nation than the Allisons,
the Reeds, the Shermans and the Harri
sons have. It is not because he and only
he possesses the confidence of the indus
trial and the agricultural and commercial
world. His peers are many in the Repub
lican party.
Mr. McKinley is the choice of the people
for just one reason. He represents more
than any one else now living the policy
of protection to American industry. The
whole country— political friends and po
litical foes alike— has entire confidence in
his integrity, in his strength of character
and in his honesty of purpose. These
qualities are essential in a candidate for
tue highest oilice within the eift of the
peoDle; but what is true of McKinley in
this respect is true of every other one ol
the statesmen who have stood well to the
front in connection with the St. Louis
nomination. Mr. McKinley is the choice
of the people because his nomination is as
a two-edged sword in the vitals of the
Democratic party. As chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee of the lower
house of Congress he bore the banner in
tlie fight which culminated in a great vic
tory for protection to the Nation's indus
tries and commerce.
"When the juggling and tinkering with
the tariff by the Cleveland administration
culminated in the terrible 'panic of 1894,
and the fallacy of the economic principles
of the Wilson-Gorman tariff act were ex
posed, the people made up their minds
that they would not only rebuke Cleve
landism, but they would emphasize their
disapproval of the repeal of the act of
IS9O by demanding its restoration under
the leadership of the very man who com
piled the figures, formulated the bill and
carried it to victory. By common consent
tbe people named the act the "McKinley
tariff Jaw," and in view of the splendid
service it did the country, and in view of
the "!<>nifold disasters which its repeal
caused to be thrust upon the country,
thero is a charming fitness of the events
which are conspiring to send Mr. McKin
ley to overthrow the monstrosity which
superseded the tariff schedule of 1890 and
reinstate his own. If the Democracy is
not dull to obtuseness it will feel the sting
of this rebuke.
It is to do these things that Mr. McKin
ley is selected to lead the party. By send
ing the author of the tariff act of 1890 to
the White House the people emphasize
their demand for "McKinley" protection,
and also emphasize their condemnation of
the party that tore down "McKinleyism"
that the products of the common as well
as the expert labor of the other nations
might be supreme in our markets. Above
all men in the Republican party Major
McKiniey is the most distasteful to the
Democracy. The whole burden, force and
energy of the Cleveland administration
has been centered against "McKinleyism,"
and now that the people propose to send
Mr. McKinley to drive out the Democracy
and plant "McKinleyism" in its stead, the
humiliation of the Democratic party
should be so great that it should make
haste to commit hara-kiri.
THE "SUNDAY CALL."
One of the most striking features of to
morrow's issue of The Call will be the
experience of three San Francisco girls in
Paris, their shopping tour of the world
famous Bon Marche, their experiences
with the stranger in long coat and large
neckwear, who attempts to flirt with the
chaperone on the boulevards. There are
several fine illustrations with this,
sketches from the life made in Paris by
the San Francisco girl who signs herself
"Van Dyke Brown." Both the pictures
and the letter-press are in the height of
their respective arts, and aside from this
are light and graceful.
The San l-rancisco summer girl will be
handsomely and accurately portrayed both
in picture and verse. There is a very
humorous but entirely true story of the
man who ate 10,950 beefsteaks consecu
tively; a sprightly written account of
what is probably the youngest artist in
the world, a remarkably precocious infant
of Folsom street, who draws excellent
pictures on the sidewalks and on the dead
walls, tnough but 4 years of age, and is
the wonder of the neighborhood; and
there are a host of other very attractive
features, nearly all of which are splen
didly illustrated.
BLAND`S NEW BOOM.
Presidential Candidate Bland's Missouri
managers have decided to organize on the
school-district plan in evory State, so that
when the delegates reach Chicago the
whole country will, as with one voice, cry
for "Bland." "How big was Alexander,
pa, that people called, aim great?" would
make a good rallying song for Silver Dick,
j because the untutored mind would get the
J idea that he is too big for any walk that
j did not lead straight to the White House.
Mr. Bland is exceedingly anxious to be in
dorsed by all the State conventions that
are yet to be held, but who will indorse
the conventions? Certainly not the voters
of the United States. Their good common
sense teaches them that it is better for the
country that the people pass by on the
other side of Bland's ultra free-trade
doctrine.
No one will dispute the right of Missouri
free-trade Bourbons getting together a:td
resolving that Bland is the logical candi
date of the Democratic party for Presi
dent, only that the word "logical" is forced
out of its proper place in the construction
of a sentence that is intended to convey a
Democratic idea. However, Bland ia a
representative Democrat. He knows bo
very little about the science of Govern
ment that he is as liable to think that
"economics" means Bomething to eat as
anything else. But how ridiculous it was
for Bland and his friends to meet in St.
Louis and resolve to boom him when the
city was crowded with delegates to the
Republican National Convention—dele
gates who will nominate a man for Presi
dent for whose presence in the White
House every business in the land is pray
ing.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Salisbury from boyhood has been
known In his domestic circle by his second
name, Arthur.
A grandnephew of Jacquard, the inventor of
the loom— and the last of the family— has just
died at Lyons, where he was a concierge.
The widow of Baron Hirsch gave, in honor
of his memory, 100,000 francs ($20,000) to
The Typical Hunker, 89 Described by Mr. Sebastian, the Exodus of Whom to
the Prairies Has Begun in Earnest.
the Director of Public Assistance in Paris, to
be distributed among the poor.
Bradley Newell of Vermont has become
"well heeled" since he entered upon his career
as a healer. In other words, he has made $25,
-000 since the Ist of last January.
Turner s well-known "Boats Carrying Out
Anchors and Cables to Dutch Men-of-War"
was sold recently in London for $8135. It was
exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1804 and
was sold for $15,750 at Lord Delamere's sale in
1855.
In order to mark the Hungarian millennial
celebration the University of Buda-Pesth has
decided to honor six of the most distinguished
Englishmen. The six it has chosen are Mr.
Brye, Lord Kelvin, Sir Joseph Lister, Protessor
Max Muller, Professor Henry Sidgwick and
Herbert Spencer.
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS WITH
GRETCHEN WAIST.
MAY BE HIGn-NECKED OR LOW TO WEAK
WITH OI'IMFES.
A graceful little gown for girls of one to six
years is shown here. It has a short waist of
the Gretchen type and may be trimmed with
flat bands on the shoulders, or with epaulettes,
and may further be varied by being made low
la the neck for evening wear or to be worn
with guimpeß.
A dainty evening frock was of white taffetas,
with a thin stripe. Narrow, thin ribbon joined
by white beading trimmed the waist, being
turned at the corners to simulate a yoke. Tne
sleeves were finished with a ruffle of the silk.
The other gown shown was of white lawn,
tucked material being used for the body of the
waist. It had bands of embroider y on the fitted
lawn sleeves, collar, and on the shoulders.
A dress of old-blue challis, with a white
figure, had white lace bands on shoulder, on
sleeve and collar.
A dress of mixed woolen goods of a greenish
tone, had flat bands of green silk, with lawn
laid over them.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
John Sebastian of Devil's Lake, North Dakota,
who is extensively engaged in wheat-growing
in that vicinity and throughout the Red River
Valley, is in the City. He says that during
the last few months there has been an enor
mous rush of the members of the queer sect
known as tue Dunjcers to that part of North
Dakota.
The exodus is mainly from Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Indiana, though some come from the
Southern States. Mr. Sebastian says that about
three years ago a committee was sent out from
the old Dunker settlements to find lands for
young Dunkers. They selected six counties
in the Devil's Lake region, and then word was
passed along in the old colonies that a prom
ised land had been found.
That was all the assurance the enthusiastic
Dunkers wantea. They never thought of the
cold nor of cyclones, for they are fairly well
acquainted with them, but considered only the
deep black soil of the Dakota prairies.
"It is the great desire of the Dunkers to own
a big farm," said Mr. Sebastian, "so when they
learned that they could get land for but little
more tuan the Government price there was a
hegira to that section. A Dunker doesn't care
for hard work, coarse clothing and plain food.
"He wants a big barn, plenty of fat stock,
a great farmhouse full of children and to be
comfortable and enjoy the attendance on his
religious services.
"They are honest, God-learing people. How
ever, many of their religious ceremonies seem
odd to the stranger, especially the washing of
feet, which is regularly practiced during the
great love feasts or revivals. The bishops and
elders go about cleansing the feet of the breth
ren, and the sisters wash one another's feet.
The ceremony is concluded by extending the
right hand of fellowship and by exchanging
the kiss of brotherly love. In the church the
sexes are separated, and so this does not mean
that there is indiscriminate kissing among
the men and women. The men are very sedate.
"There is another strange thing about these
ceremonies, and that is that after the washing
of feet a hearty meal is served in the church,
mid then comes the ordinary communion ser
viet\ at which bread and wine are served.
Tht-ir houses of worship are built witn fully
equipped kitchens in the basements and sleep
ing accommodations in the attics, so tbat these
love feasts may last for several days and be at
tended by brethren from a distance.
"l'ou may do anything you please with these
Devil's Lake and Red River Dunkers and they
won't go to law. To their mind a lawyer is a
thing of the Devil'sown invention— a disturber
and a stirer up ol strife. Any trouble the
Dunkers have is always settled by the church
dignitaries.
"A Dunker won't bear arms, either, or belong
to a secret society. He is a man of peace, in
dustrious, honest, eschewing gossip and dress
ing in the plainest way. The Dunkers there
part their hair in the middle and let their
beard grow— it is their religion to do so. The
Dunkers wear a slouch hat and the plainest of
clothes for the same reason. The garb of the
Dunker woman is also plain and severe. There
are no milliners among them, for each woman
makes her own hat, and as no feathers or other
ornamentation is allowed this is a simple mat
ter. The wearing of jewelry is strictly forbid
den.
"These Dunkers are very valuable citizens
for North Dakota, and they are receiving a
hearty welcome there. No country can have
too much honesty, and these people are honest
and straightforward beyond any class of set
tlers we have ever had.
"There has been a rush of Dunkers to Devil's
Lake for three years now, and the rush this
year is the biggest we have ever had. They are
coming In by trainloads, bringing their goods
along. Many have arrived in time to put in a
full crop of the different kinds of grain and
other products.
"Though a queer people irom the standpoint
of most persons, they certainly possess great
virtues, and this is why they are being warmly
welcomed in North Dakota."
THE LAST HORSECAR.
'T!s a last, useless horsecar—
Deserted, alone;
All its old- time companions
To kindlings have gone.
No car of her kindred —
Nor carette— is nigh
To re-echo her ramble
And give sigh for sigh.
I'll not leave thee, thou lone one,
To rust and decay.
Since the rest have departed
I will send thee away.
Go thou to the wood-pile;
On its splintery bed
Thy mates are reclining,
All useless and dead.
And monrn not that thou must
Be broken and burned.
But rejoice in the sum of
The lares thou hast earned;
For, at best, every life is
Like a seed that is sown.
To flourish and blossom
And perish, alone. —Chicago Record.
Praise for Coxey.
Pasadena Star.
Anybody who thinks Coxey is a fool is mis
taken. He is a smooth, polished and able
speaker, cunning of argument and ready of
wit, and withal tall, handsome and pleasant
voiced— a very Mepnistopheles of politicians.
His Measures Nut Approved.
woodland Mau~ v
No Democratic paper has as yet had the
v ardibood to nominate Wilson (or President.
PERSONAL.
J. J. Thomas of Salt Lake is here
J. H. Hanson of Fresno is a guest at the Russ.
D. M. Addison, United States Navy, is at the
Palace.
W. H. Fulcher of Stockton is at the Russ with
his wife.
James Walsh of Paso Robles arrived here
yesterday.
L. A. Rice, a merchant of El Paso, Tex., is on
a visit here.
M. Thomas, a Utah mining man, is a guest
at the Palace.
Howard Gage, U. S. N., la among the Occi
dental's guests.
J. A. Brent, a business man of Salt Lake City,
is at the Palace.
Sam Meyer of the Healdsburg Enterprise is
at the California.
J.Jerome Smith of Stockton came down to
the City yesterday.
W. H. Clary, a merchant of Stockton, is
staying at the Lick.
John C. Fisher of San Diego was among yes
terday's arrivals here.
E. E. Hall, an agricultural implement dealer
of Stockton, is in town.
James E. Brent, a merchant of Salt Lake, has
apartments at the Palace.
Dr. J. E. Brice of San Jose was among the ar
rivals at the Russ yesterday.
James F. Peck of Merced County is among
the latest arrivals at the Lick.
E. M. Gates, a Kew York dry-goods merchant,
is at the Palace with his wife.
Edward McGettigan of Vallejo, well known
in State politics, is at the Russ.
A. S. Cooper, the popular County Surveyor of
Santa Barbara, Is at the Grand.
L. C. Jacobs, the hotel man and capitalist of
Oroville, is staying at the Lick.
W. M. Brewster ot Georgetown, Mass., is
among the guests at the Palace.
Judge J. C. Crowley and wife of San Rafael
are registered at the Occidental.
M. B. Johnson, a leading business man of
Cincinnati, is at the Occidental.
8. Buckner, a capitalist of Visalia, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
B. Baruch, a coffee-planter of San Salvador,
arrived at the Baldwin yesterday.
Winfield J. Davis, the merchant, of Sacra
mento, is on a visit to the Bay City.
Greg M. Samayoa, a rich business man and
coffee-grower of Guatemala, is in town.
J. M. Wilmans, who is interested in mines
near Newman, is registered at the Lick.
President and Mrs. David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University are at the Occidental.
C. G. Bacon, a well-known mining man of
ionora, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. H. Cowan, a business man of Nagasaki
rapan, is among the guests of the Occidental
Dr. W. C. Reith of Sacramento arrived in
own yesterday and took a room at the Grand.
John C. Fisher of San Diego is here for a fey
days, and is making the Palace his headquar
ters.
District Attorney H. P. Andrews of Tehama
County was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
Joseph D. Sproul, the wealthy and widely
known resident of Chico, is registered at the
Palace.
Francis Herera of Guatemala, who has ac
quired a fortune in growing coffee, arrived
here yesterday.
John Ragglo, the stage-owner, mining man
ana well-known resident of San Andreas, is a
guest at the Grand.
John W. Mitchell, a well-known attorney of
Los Angeles, arrived here yesterday evening
and is at the Palace.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are P. Moyne of Riverside and J.
York of Los Angeles.
S. G. Little, the rich banker, of Dixon, who
invested $7300 in a bogus gold brick some
time ago, is -at the Russ,
Dr. George Ivancovieh of Petaluma is at the
Lick and will be here for the Servian-Monte
negrin celebration to-morrow.
Fred Cox, the millionaire banker, cattle
grower and extensive land-owner, of Sacra
mento, arrived here yesterday. He is at the
Grand.
Dr. H. af. Smith of Washington, D. C, one of
the United States Fish Commissioners, arrived
at the Grand yesterday on one of his periodic
visits to this coast.
Fernand Cadillac, a wealthy Parisian, ar
rived here on the steamer Acapulco yesterday
from Panama, and is at the Occidental. He is
accompanied by Mrs. Cadillac.
Professor R. E. Allardice, the mathematician
of Stanford University, registered at the Cali
fornia yesterday and in the evening attended
the theater with a party of friends.
K. B. Miller, a member of the Chicago Board
of Trade, arrived from the East last night, and
went to the Palace to join his wife, who cpme
here some little time in advance of him.
W. H. Cleary of Stockton, who owns exten
sive mining interests at Sheep Ranch and who
is a large land-holder of the San Joaquin Val
ley, is in the City on a business trip. He is at
the Lick.
D. W. Alverson, a pioneer general merchant
of The Needles, on the Colorado River at the
crossing of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad, is in the City on a business, trip, and
is registered at the Grand.
Jose Matos, secretary to the Guatemalan
legation to Spain, arrived from Central Amer
ica yesterday and took apartments at the Oc
cidental. He was a very prominent young
man before his selection for this diplomatic
mission.
"General" J. S. Coxey of Massillon, Ohio,
the former commander of the Commonwealth
Army, who is now making a tour through Cali
fornia delivering political speeches, has re
turned to the Baldwin with his wife after a
few days' absence.
Fernand Carillac, formerly Frencn Consul to
Salvador, but now on his way home to Paris
with his wife, was a passenger on the Acapulco
yesterday. In the same party are Mr. and Mrs.
Betaillian, who are returning to Paris from
Guatemala. They are all at the Occidental.
Among the Acapulco'a passengers from Sal
vador was Dr. Pacus, the Minister of War. He
is on his way to Paris, whither he will be ac
companied from this City by the two sons of
Minister of Finance Lemus, who have been
attending school in California for some time.
A number of prominent coffee-planters, or
owners of fincas. as the Central American
plantations are called, are at the Occiden
tal. The coffee season is over, and only
about a two-thirds crop was harvested this
year. In the party are: Dr. David
Luna, owner of one of the finest
fincas in Guatemala, his brother, Herera Luna,
and his daughter, Mrs. le Fechi, who is
reputed to be the richest woman in
Salvador; Mrs. Mercedes R. de Mellendy
of Salvador with three daughters and a
son; Eulalia Morales of Salvador; Gregory
M. Samayoa of Guatemala, F. Herrera of Guate
mala, who was here five years ago, and three
grown sons of Senor Castillo of Salvador—
Eladio, Jose and David— the youngest of whom
has come to the Uni ted States to attend college.
Samuel Killebrew of Brownsville, Term., for
fourteen years the engineer of the Mexican
International Railway, arrived at the Grand
yesterday and registered Avith his wife.
He ia now on his way home after an
absence of eighteen months, during
which he has been traveling partly for
pleasure and partly for business. He thinks
the coffee industry of Central America is
being overdone and he looks for unpleasant
consequences in the next few years. He is not
an enthusiast on Mexican and Central Ameri
can investments, for he says that during the
fourteen years he was in Mexico he invested but
$50 and does not purpose to spend any more.
That single investment was in a mine and the
money was paid to a Mexican to examine the
property. The Mexican got drunk and never
returned with the coin or the desired informa
tion.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12. -At the St.
Denis— A. Liebman; Continental— \V. M. Mc-
EUigett; Amsterdam— J. L. Rowley; Park
avenue— C. J. Switt, A. R. Wells; Brunswick—
P. T. Clay, Mrs. C. C. Clay, the Misses Clay ;
Warwick— G. T. Lamar Jr. To sail per the
steamship Paris Saturday for England— Arthur
A. Bowden, W. R. Lane, Mrs, Lane, J. A.
Tren.ch.aid, P, M, Stgckbye.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Two natives, youth and maiden, chanced to
be lingering at the dock when the new nil*
sionary came.
"Isn't he sweet?" she whispered.
"A perfect pudding!" he rejoined— Detroit
Tribune.
"I'm going to move my business to Green
ville," said Pawl, the undertaker, to a friend.
"Isn't the town well supplied with under- ,
takers 1" asked a friend.
"I think not. There are only two there now,
while the place has twelve physicians."—
Judge.
Milligrubs is inclined to low spirits at times.
In one of these spells he grumbled the other
day, "This is a dreary world; that's the reason
I hate doctors— they helped brine me into it.'
Here he stopped, but brightening up a moment
later he added, "However, they help us out of
it in the end; so they are not so bad, alter
Boston Transcript.
Mrs. Fret— lf I had money enough to go
abioad and stay a year I would be perfectly
happy.
Mr. Fret— would I.— Detroit Free Press.
"Do you notice how time flies, Tommy?"
"Yes'm."
' "In what way?"
"W'y, seems to me 'taint been a week since I
wuz licked for skatin' on thin ice, 'n last night
I got it again for goin' in swimmin'!"— Chicago
Record. - - . . ::...
Young Fish— There's a hook with a nice
worm on it.
Old Fish— Keep away from that.
Young Fish— l've stolen lots of worms from
hooks.
Old Fish— Yes, but there isn't any fashion
plate reflected in the water this time. That
hook belongs to a freckeled-faced boy with a
ragged straw hat. He's fishing for fish, not for
fun.— Hartiord Times.
Wallace— For the life of me I have never
been able to laugh at these mother-in-law
jokes yet.
Ferry— you had a mother-in-law worth
$85,000, as mine is, you would laugh at every
joke she made.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
California glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsend's.* ' '
Extra fine Caramels. Townsend's, 627 M'k't*
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.*
> We lead in home made taffies. Townsend's.*
— » * ■»
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st •
Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c up. 81J£ 4th st.
Sundays 733 Market street (Kast's shoe store).*
■ — ♦ »
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prest
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Vacation excursions over the N. P. C. K. R.,
la Sausalito ferry, through a country unsur
passed for campinic or a day's outing. Addi
tional trains alter June U. •
Judicial Despotism.
Barry's Star to-day makes one of thebitterwt
attacks upon Judges that was ever made by
anybody, and calls upon the Free Press De
fense Association to reorganize to protect
human rights. It also accuses Hudelson,
president of the A. P. A., of having betrayed
that organization of bigots, and states that be
fore coming here he lived upon the shame of
women. •
The question at Moscow— "Nicholas, dear
off sky," sighed the Czarina.
"What wouldst thou, my petrovich?" asked
the Czar.
"Is my crown on straight?" — Pittsburg
Leader.
•99 75 to Washington, I). C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington. I). C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29, at 2 p.m.
and San Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision or O. w. Campbell,
president of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street, San Jose, and
William ('. Ale.xauder, ex-presldent of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union, 21 North Fourth
street, Han Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentlf
men or to I). \V. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco: C. £. Bray, 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; O. F. Herr, 23 Bouth Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 aud July 1 over the Atlantic and Paciiic
Railroad. Fare Includes stage trip frou: Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook <fe Son, excursion agents 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific P.allroad. 11. <_'. Kush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. P.
St. Louis Convention
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Northern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Mothers give Dr. Siegeet's Angostura Bitten
to their children to stop colic and looseness of the
bowels.
HEW 10-DAT.'
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY
Til. -lap 4 Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
OIO.Y TRUST BUILDIXG, COMER SIRKET.
NEW PROPERTY.
Goagb St., bet. Grove and Fulton, 4 blocks from
City Hall; street accepted: bouse 11 rooms and
bath, and lot 25x8*2:6: $3500.
Corner; Pierce and Filbert, 1 block from Unlon-
St. cable-cars: 28x80; $900; or larger lot.
Lots 34:4x137:6, $1000 each; or 37:6x60,
$900; Greenwich st., bet. Pierce and Scott; good
view of the bay.
Pierce-st. lots $575 to $650: bet. Filbert and
Greenwich: very cheap. _ ■ „
Corner: $800; Lombard and Pierce: 23x100.
Lots »500 each Lombard st., bet. Steiner and
Pierce; 23x100; street graded, macadamized and
sewered. ...■,,
$3500— Sacramento st., bet. Hyde and Larkln;
23:9x137:6; and 2-story 6 rooms; cable-cars pass;
street accepted.
INVESTMENTS.
Polk St.; brick building in the best business cen-
ter or the street: 3-story and basement: $20,00u.
: Third st., near Mission; brick building: leased at
$145- (22.500.
Clay St., near Davis: brick building; rents $ 180;
good frontage: only $'.28,000. .
Ueary-st. business corner: 3 frontages; rent*
$142 tO; near Taylor: $25,000.
Four fine flats: cor Howard sU, near 9th: 41 -3x
100; rents $72; only $11,500.
CHEAP AND REDUCED PROPERTY.
Reduced to $3000; cor. Jones and Lombard; 36x
137:6; elegant view of the bay. -
$50i>casb; McAllister St., near Baker:- 25x100
and flee 2-story bow-window house of 10 rooms
and modern conveniences; prio» $5850. .• ■
Keducea to $300 each; lots 25x1J5; Tiiden st,,
Dear Castro, and between 14th and 15th sta.
Corner Fillmore aid Filbert sts.; 24x100 and
cottage; street accepted; cars pass 3ooo. ■ .
Corner residence reduced to . $4500; 3 block*
from Market st. ; corner Octavia st. and Hickory
aye.: 10 rooms, bath and modern conveniences.
Bush st., near Fillmore: 27x137:6. and fine 2-
story and basement house: 10 rooms and bath; in
first-class order: very sunny: $5500. .
$1000—25x100; Parker aye.; a wid« street; near
Fulton andJ McAlt!ster-st. cars.
Llberty-st. house and lot: 25xll5and comfortable
2-story: bet. Valencia and Guerrero; one of the
finest residence streets of the Mission: reduced to
$3750. :■■■:■-
-$2500 —25x114 and rear cottage; rents $18; 6
rooms; 23d St., near San Jose aye.; street accepted.
Very cheap— Marine view; Iot2oxl00; $2500-
Devisadero st., near Broadway.
.NE. corner Webster and. Herman ats. : 37:6 x
87:b: $2800; easy terms. =
Union St., N. side; magnificent view; 27:6 x
137:6; $3100 only; bet. Scott and XJevisadero it*.
in Baldwin Park, 'SATURDAY JUNE 13, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin T "In Mizzoura."
California THEATEK--"The Home Secretary,"
Monday evening, June 15.
Columbia i heater- "Brother John."
Morocco's Oikra-Housk— "Brother Against
Brother. '
Tivoli OPKRA-HorsF— "Lorraine.
Oh High-Class Vaudeville.
rover's AICA7AR. — 'The Little Detective,"
The Emporium.— Concert to-night by the Em-
porium Orchestra.
sm-tro Uatanr Island- Bathing and Perform-
trices.
(Shoot the Cm-Tics— Daily at Halght street, one
tlock east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion- and Picnic— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
nesday. June 17.
AUCTION SALES.
By B. Basch— This day (Saturday), Groceries, at
IS6I Folsom street, at 11 o'clock. . /
By Frank W. Butterfiki/d — This ' day
(Saturday), Furniture, at 2488 Market street, at
11 o'clock.
'By Easton & Kldeidok- day (Saturday),
General Machinery and Commission Business, at
46 Fremont street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
"Fair, with brisk winds," is the forecast for
to-day.
The $2500 estate of Frit« Brettscheider was
bequeathed to his wife.
Misi Margaret Clavin was tendered a benefit
last night at the Dew Auditorium.
T. W. Leydecker's homing pigeons won the
championship race from Ashland, Or.
Judge Slack yesterday awarded the custody
of tne Marceau child to Mrs. Herbert Hall.
The Bicycle Board of Trade last evening de
cided to abandon the wheel track at Central
I'arK.
Gustin Louis Kaeding committed suicide last
ni'-'ln by taking a dose of laudanum and
strychnine.
William Martin, formerly an officer in the
Industrial Army, has been arrested for steal
ing a bicycle.
The Master Bakers' Protective Association
will hold a grand excursion and picnic at
Schuetzen Pork next Thursday.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and resolved
to hold a special session next Monday evening
to consiier the coming tax levy.
Seven Chinese were convicted in the United
States District Court yesterday of violating tne
Caminetti act governing hydraulic mining.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth has dis
charged over a hundred men in his depart
ment because of a lack of funds to pay tnem.
Charles J. Miller, who is in the undertaking
business, was knocked down by a Jones-street
cable-car last evening and seriously injured.
Undergraduates' day was observed at the
Girls' High School yesterday afternoon with a
unique and interesting programme of ex
ercises. »
Judge Murphy yesterday permitted the
name of the Lick Old Ladies' Home to be
changed to "University Mound Old Ladies'
Home,"
A very enjoyable and successful entertain
ment was given last evening at the Young
Women's Christian Association Home on
O'Farrell street
Arrangements were made by the Bicycle
Board of Trade last evening to offer prizes for
bt-^t turnouts in the bicycle parade to take
place July 25.
F. W. Harnish asked that his case be trans
ferred out of Justice Kerrigan's court yester
day under tne mistaken impression that the
Justice was a Cathoiic.
When the National Republican Convention
at St. Louis has nominated a President the
Continental League of this City will turn out
strong to ratify its action.
Samuel Vallenu, an old printer and ex-
Supervisor, died yesterday. He will be buried
to-morrow under the auspices of King Solomon
Lodge No. 260, F. and A. ML
Frank H. Vaslit, the librarian of the Acad
emy of Sciences, died in this City yesterday
morning. The funeral will take place from
Native Sons' Hall to-morrow.
Mrs. Catherine Jakooleff of 229J4 Sixth
street was taJjen to the Receiving Hospital last
tvening suffering from the effects of treatment
at the hands of Dr. S. P. Hall.
The Fourth of July committee has issued an
invitation to the merchants to be present at a
meeting on June 16 to discuss the plans of the
patriotic celebration next month.
Louis Schmidt yesterday swore to several
warrants for the arrest of Southern Pacific em
ployes, who, he said, tried to force him to sign
a statement ir the May Quill case.
Two Deputy Bheriffs were after Cattle King
White all day yesterday to arrest him, but
were unsuccessful. His wife's attorneys think
he intends bringing in the insanity plea.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children yesterday located 15-year-old Ivy
topher, who ian away from her home in Dixon
a month ago, in a Fourth-street lodging-house.
District Attorney Barnes yesterday moved
that Judge Wallace dismiss the Siebe perjury
case. His action was a great surprise ana will
be passed upon by Judge Wallace next Wednes
day.
The Buckley delegation to the State Conven
tion last night indorsed Senator White for
President of the United States and arranged to
go to Sacramento on a special train to leave at
2 :30 P. M. Monday. ,
Judee Seawell yesterday decided against the
plaintiff in the case of Justice of the Peace
Groezinger vs. the Election Commissioners, to
restrain them holding an election for Justices
of the Peace in 1896.
The Native Sons of Vermont enjoyed them
selves last night at Odd Fellows' Hall. There
were literary and musical selections and danc
ing. The Bunker Hill picnic will be held next
Wednesday at Glen Ellen.
Little Willie Hovan, who waß yesterday given
into the charge of the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety, said he ran away from his home in Los
Angeles because his stepfather, "Rhodie"
O'Connor, persisted in maltreating him.
A reception will be given this evening to J.
H. Pratt and his wiie at 920 Sacramento street
by the Occidental Board of Missions. Mrs.
Prat^is a cousin of President Clevelaud and
is on her way back to Honolulu witn her hus
band.
Mrs. Isabelle H. Offutt of Sonoma County
claims she is a daughter of the late P. B. Hew
lett of this City, and yesterday petitioned the
Superior Court to revoke the probate of her
father's will. There is about $150,000 in
volved
The Farmers' Summer School will convene
in second annual session, under the auspices
of the State Grange, in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains on the 6th of next month. All the com
mittees have been appointed and the pro
gramme arranged.
Jacob S. Coxey, the famous leader of the
Commonweal Army, spoke under the auspices
of the Populist party at Metropolitan Hall
last evening. He scored both the old parties
and argued in favor of paper money and non
interest-bearing bonds.
Milk Inspector Dockery yesterday swore out
warrants for the arrest of John Nuse of the San
Bruno dairy and the following .restaurant pro
prietors, who are accused of selling impure
milk; B. C. Bronson, 161 Ninth street; John
( laussen, 145 Fifth street, and E. Stewart &
Co., 24 Mason street.
As soon as the water in Galveston harbor
will accommodate steamers of the Morgan line
the Southern Pacific will be extended from
Houston to the Texas gulf port to connect
with steamers that will be placed on the route
between New York and Galveston, and Texas
and Pacific Coast business will be routed over
the new line.
AS A SAILOR.
Essie Viola Will Hake a Balloon As
cension From the Chutes To-Day.
The improvements at the Chutes are ad
vancing rapidly, but to-day work will be
suspended and the grounds thrown open
afternoon and evening.
For the benefit of the men from the
man-of-war Philadelphia, who have a
" musical drill at the park. Essie Viola,
dressed as a sailor-boy, will make a balloon
ascension and parachute drop, leavine the
grounds a half-past 4. This is the first as
cension to be made since Emil Markeberg
met with his accident.-
The grounds will b« brilliantly illumi
nated after dark and to-morrow the Chutes
will be opened from 10 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Every child attending to-day will be
presented with a souvenir Japanese kite.
St. Louis I>«*legrate» Dined.
Tie niebt prior to their departure a large
contingent of the St. Louis delegation
dined at the Cafe Zinkand. The occasion
was a thoroughly enjoyable one in every
respect.
RAISED OUT OF
HER OOZY BED
Work Ceased When the
Blairmore's Stern
Swung Clear.
FIRST TRY A SUCCESS.
The Pumps Worked Splendidly
and Raised- the Hull
Nearly a Foot.
CAPTAIN BURNS IS CONFIDENT
Extra Precautions Taken— A Fur
ther Attempt to Be Made
To-Day.
The feasibility of raising the Blairmore
was demonstrated yesterday. The methods
inaugurated by Captain Burns, who rep
resents Lloyds, and Captain Whitelaw,
the wrecker, were proven to be on the
right lines, and although a supposed mis
hap prevented the completion of the
work, there is no doubt now but what it
will be successfully accomplished in the
end.
The air pump was at worK for two hours
and the water pumps took a continuous
\ stream out of the hold for an hour and a
■ half. The stern of the vessel rose half a
: foot out of the mud and the entire hull
j moved in its oozey bed. At 8:45 A. M.
! everybody was exultant, as it seemed a
| certainty that the work would succeed.
| Suddenly there was a collapse and Captain
Burns at once surmised that a leak had
I occurred in the hull somewhere and that
; work for the day would have to cease.
I Divers were sent down again to repair
': dama es and when they were through
i tiiey reported that everything was air
| tight. The stern will be weighted with
sand, all the pumps overhauled during the
night and another attempt made this
morning.
At 7 a. m. yesterday everything was in
readiness for the test. It was really only
a "test," as Captain Whitelaw called it,
because the hose leading to the air engine
on the wrecker to the hull of the sunken
ship and the pumps had not been tried
I since they were placed in position. The
I air pump worked without a hitch and did
splendid work, out the water pumps got
choked again and again and in consequence
Captain Whitelaw was kept constantly on
| the jump.
On the hull of the Blairmore and
I between the timbers erected to hold the
I leverage tanks were a 12-inch and a 6-inch
I centrifugal pump and also an 8-inch out
side pack plunger. It wa? some time
before the plunger would work, but once
it started the water poured forth in
! volumes. All kinds of garbage was thrown
out and a close watch was kept. One of
the pumps cloeged persistently, and Cap
tain Whitelaw remarked, "There is some
thing solid in the way."
"Do you think it is the body of one of
the d. ad sailors?" was asked, and Captain
I Whitelaw answered while shaking his
j head, "it might be the remains of one of
! the poor fellow. Nothing but something
{ yielding could choke that pump up so ef
; fectively. "
When all the pumps were going the
scene in Mission Bay was a pretty, one.
The steam went up in clouds from the
stern of the Whitelaw, while on the bow,
watching the work of the Catalina, were
Captain Andrews of the Cromdale, Cap
tain Caw of the sunken ship and Captain
j Burns. Plyine between the wreck and the
! wrecker were several boats and on the hull
of the sunken vessel were at least a dozen
men attending the pumps. The exhaust
steam from the latter almost hid the
superstructure from view, while the "blow
off" from the Catalina and Whitehiw's
boilers created a noise that made ordinary
conversation impossible.
The tide had turned and was running in
i when the Blairmore began to lift. "Let
her come," said Captain Burns. "We will
raise her clear of the mud and then let her
| back again. To-morrow morning it will
be easy work to get her where we want
her." The words were hardly out of his
I mouth before the hitch came, and all work
: had to be stopped. Burns took it in a
philosophical manner and remarkea :
"Well, it's nothing more than I expected.
j Rome wasn't built in a day, you know.
! Some of the packing has given way, and
i the water is pouring in as fast as we pump
{it out. When slact water comes we will
| send down the divers and repair damages.
; We know the weak points, and now I
i think we can confidently predict that the
i Blairmore will be In shallow wat^r inside
I of twenty-four hours."
Captain Whitelaw and all his assistants
j have worked hard and faithfully on the
| job, and the hope is generally expressed
that they may be successful. Captain
Whitelaw is equally as Confident as Cap
tain Burns as to the outcome.
MISS CRAVANS BENEFIT.
The Young Actress Plays g 'jrron-Frou"
at the New Auditorium.
A number of Miss Margaret Craven's
friends were present last night at the New
Auditorium to see her play "Frou-Frou."
The performance was a benefit to the j
young actress, and on that account every
one entered into the spirit of the affair
without expecting too much.
As the frivolous Frou-Frou Miss Craven
bore the burden of the play on her own
shoulders. She was gushing, girlish and
inconsequent enough to make an ideal
I Frou-Frou, but she showed a lack of the
feathery touch aud the Gallic chic which
the part requires. In fact. Miss Craven's
forte lies more in modern comedy roles,
with a touch of earnestness and sentiment
in them.
Frou-Frou is an ambitious undertaking
for a young actress to essay, and it speaks
: well for her powers that she acquitted
j herself so well.
As for the rest of the cast, the per- j
formers had not for the most part been
chosen with reerard to their fitness for the
roles. James M. Ward was satisfactory as
the Baron de Catnbri, and Miss Eleanor I
Gallagher, a debutante, made a very pleas- !
ing impression as Pauline, the maid; she
was graceful, natural and unassuming.
Another debutant was Master Enos, an
infant of tender years, who looked scared
at the glare of the footlights, but who
wisely turned his head away from them,
and who quite captured the sympathies of I
the audience by his pretty behavior.
WILL VISIT SACRAMENTO.
The lroqnols Braves Are to Take an
Outing Next Monday.
The members of the Iroquois will leave
this City Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock
for Sacramento. That evening they will
install the newly elected officers of the
Iroquois Club in the Capital City.
The regular meeting of the local asso
; ciation was held last night in Pythian
j Hall, Charles Gildea presiding and D. J.
Gordan officiating as secretary. H. L.
Bienfield, F. L. Gift, William Abbott ana
A. Fibush were ejected to membership.
W. H. Stradley and J. M. Keller were
called upon and addressed the meeting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
The Attempt to Raise the Blairmore Yesterday Was a Partial Success. The Stern Came Up Nearly
an Inch and Then Owing to a Hitch Work Was Stopped for the Day. The Above Sketch Shows
All the Wrecking Pumps at Work Forcing the Water Out of the Hull of the Sunken Vessel.
COXEY'S IDEAS
ABOUT FINANCE
He Tells Why the Govern
ment Should Make More
Money.
CAUSE OF THE PANIC.
Not Tariff Repeal, but Toe
Little Circulating Cur
rency.
GROVER THE ONE DEMOCRAT.
The Commonwealer Says Cleveland
Is the Whole Party and He Is
a Conspirator.
Jacob S. Coxey, late leader of the Army
of the Commonweal, gave his views of the
financial question at Metropolitan Temple
j last evening. It took over two hours for
him to complete his address, although he
spoke with remarkable rapidity, appar
! ently never stopping to take breath or col
i lect his thoughts. Jtlis argument was in
| terspersed liberally with anecdotes, which
were new, and were told very cleverly.
E. M. Wardell, chairman of the Populist
State Central Committee, introduced the
! speaker, whom he welcomed on behalf of
| the Populists of the State, in a brief speech
of eulogy. Mr. Coxey said, in part:
It is necessary for the American people to as
semble together to discuss the greatest ques
j tion which has ever been before them, just the
! same as physicians gather in consultation
I when the patient is very low with a dangerous
! disease. We tind the shelves of your mer
i chants overflowing with the necessaries of life,
| aud yet there are thousands in our land suf
fering for the want of these necessaries and
; only one barrier between them, and that is
money. Then is this not a diseased condition
in our country?
In thespring of '93 there was $1 .000,000.000
of actual money in the pockets of the people.
Tlu re was $45,000,000 more of credit money.
Then England p.aced $108,000,000 of securi
ties on the market, turned them into gold and
| commenced to witiidraw it. Then the Eastern
■ newspapers commenced to write editorials to
j the effect that the withdrawal of gold would
J ruin all the banks in the country. This
frightened the people, and they rushed to the
banks and withdrew their accounts. The
! manuiacturer took his paper to the banks, but
j they said they must protect their depositors,
I and they would not discount it.
Then the manufacturer was forced to close
! down his works. That is exactly the way in
| which the panic of '93 was brought about,
and it was simply because of a conspiracy
■ among the gold bugs of Wall street.
The speaker here told of a firm in Mas
; silon which had been compelled to is ue
| notes, or yeilow-ftacks, as he called them,
|of its own. These yellow-backs passed in
the community the same as money for
most purposes. This, he claimed, was
made necessary, because Congress had not
issued sufficient money. He continued:
How did it operate against the mechanic? If
he went to pay the taxes on his home the Col
lector would refuse to take it. He would have
to get a discount, a shave, a restriction of its
actual value simply because Congress had re
fused to do its duty. How does it operate
against the mechanic's family? His wife goes
Into a store to purchase groceries with one of
these $1 yellow backs. The grocer refuses to
do business with her unless she buys a full
dollar's worth of goods because he will not
I give her currency in chanpe for a note upon
j which he must wait for payment.
What was the issue the Eepublicnn party
went before the people on in 1894, aud on
which McKinley would like to go before the
people this year? They-said the panic was '.he
result of the fear of the repeal of the tariff.
Was it because of the fear of the tariff that
Russell & Co. were forced to issue yellow
backs? Certainly not. The tariff had abso
lutely nothing to do with It. When the money
famine was at its height what was the very
first act of the Democratic party? When I say
the Democratic party I refer to Grover Cleve
land, because he is the entire Democratic party
to-day.
He was calling Congress together at the dic
tates of the powers of Wall street to repeal the
only law that was furnishing any relief at all—
the* purchasing clause of the Sherman bill.
That law was repealed in the interest of the
gold gamblers ot Wall street. Why? Because
I they wanted the Government to be prevented
| from making money. They had their agent,
! Grover Cleveland, for he has ceased to be the
agent of the American people, call Congress
together for this purpose.
How did Cleveland use his immense patron
age in forwarding this purpose ? Take the
! case of BrecKinridge of Arkansas, not Mr.
Breckinridge of Kentucky. Breckinridne voted
for the repeal of the purchasing clause, con
trary to the express mandate of the people of
his State. They recalled him, and what did
Grover do ? He gave him one of the greatest
foreign missions, and last week Breckinridge
in his knickerbockers was helping to put the
I crown on the Czar of Russia. Every one who
has a thimbleful of sense ought to know by
this time that the lenders of the Republican
j party, as well as the Democratic party, are op
posed to the use of silver as money.
My friends, it is you people who elected
those people to office. You believed in them
and they betra\ed you. That was their fault.
If, after they have betrayed you, you elect them
again, and again they betray you, that Is your
fault, and yours only.
John Sherman said in debate on the repeal
of the purchasing clause: "Repeal this law,
and in ten days the skies will clear and every
wheel will be turning." My friends, hns every
wheel been turning in California? It has not,
and John Sherman knew It would not when he
made that statement.
What is it that fixes prices? The demand for
goods. Put the people all in employment and
they are in a position to consume, and up will
go the prices.
The speaker devoted considerable time
to an explanation of the non-interest bear
ing bond bill. He claimed that this bill
furnished the panacea for the present labor
troubles and would allow each community
to own its streetcar lines, its water and
lighting plants and to provide all needed
improvements. He also spoke in favor of
Government ownership of railways.
I was introduced recently to a railroad mag
nate, and the gentleman introducing me said,
"Mr. Coxey advocates the Government owner
ship of railroads." The railroad magnate
swelled out and said, "Why, Mr. Coxey, the
Government cannot run»the railroads.' "Is
that so? I asked. "Then why is it that when
ever the railroads get into trouble the com
panies call on the Government to get in and
run them?"
I want to say a word to my laboring friends.
You may join all the labor organizations in
the world, but as long as there are 4,000,000
men on the outside you will never succeed.
As long as their children are wailing for bread
they will take your places at 50 cents a day, if
need be. The only place that is left for the
people of this country to strike is at the ballot
box.
We demand the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 10 to 1, without any reference to
any other country on earth. But don't let
them persuade you that free coinage of silver
will be a remedy. It will only be a relief. It
would only introduce about $80,000,000.
They say it Is not the Government that makes
money. Suppose you try to make some and
see if it doesn't land you where I was when
they said 1 got on that sacred grass.
Coxey closed his speech with an account
of the famous "petition in boots," gener
ally known as the Coxey Army. He said
lie thought he would take a petition they
couldn't pigeonhole. They jailed it. He
found they had a place for everything that
came down there.
J. M. Reynolds, the well-known sinele
taxer, asked several questions from the
body of the audience, but Mr. Coxey
evaded any direct reply.
«
OPEN LETTER TO COXEY.
Pointed Questions Asked by a Be
liever In the Single Tax.
Sir: Owing to the arbitrary ruling of the
chairman at your meeting last night, I did not
get the opportunity to ask one more question
which I would be pleased if you will answer.
And, since the close of a two-hours speech is
not favorable for due deliberation or hardly
fair fair to ihe speaker, I will here repeat the
two questions I did ask, and add the one I was
not allowed to ask, hoping you will, after rest
and deliberation, answer them without eva
sion.
Since the only economic result of public im
provements is to raise the value oi land and
consequently rent, why will not your plan to
pay for such improvements by taxing all the
people, including the large majority who do
not own and as well as those who do, result
only to the benefit of landowners?
And, granting your answer to be true, that
"all the people would share in the general
prosperity to ensue," if the landowners, by
reason of the increase of land values, charge it
all up in rent, who will come out ahead, the
rent-payers or the rent-gatherers — tenants or
landlords?
In the confusion that followed I did not hear
your answer — very few did — but I did hear you
say, "We are going to abolish interest."
The question I desired to ask is: How will
an increase of land values and rents abolish
interest ? James S. Reynolds.
405 Montgomery street.
ALMSHOUSE CROWDED.
More Inmates There Now Than the In
stitution Can Comfortably Ac
commodate.
Dr. Conlan, resident physician of the Alms
house, made a visit to the Mayor's office yes-
I terday and appealed to Secretary Taylor
! Rogers to cease sending more indigents to '
| the institution until the present crowded con- !
| dition is relieved.
He stated that while the capacity of the
' place was 887 inmntee there were already 802
| there, and that any more would seriously
craui(> the institution. Mr. Rogers stated to i
[ the physician that under the law the deserving •
I poor who had no other place to go must be j
i sent to the Almshouse, and he would be com- |
pelled to go on issuing permits. He advised i
an appeal to the Supervisors for more accom
modations.
A STEPFATHER ACCUSED
Reason Given by Willie Horan for Run
' ning Away From His lios
Angeles Home.
Willie Horan, aged 13, who ran away
from his home in Los Angeles last Friday
and arrived in this City yesterday, tells a
strange tale of cruelty alleged to have
been committed by his stepfather, which
is corroborated by his sister, living on
Franklin street, who brought him up to
Secretary Hoibrook for advice as to wha^
should be done with him.
According to the youthful wanderer
his stepfather, "Rhodie" O'Connor, who
works at odd times as a farmhand on the
ranches contiguous to Los Angeles, has
oftentimes cruelly maltreated him with
out other provocation than the whim of a
violent and morose disposition. The re
sult is that he has been forced, so he and
his sister say, to run away from home.
Hitherto, however, he has remained in
Los Angeles and would take advantage of
the occasion of his stepfather's absence
while working on some ranch to come
home and stay with his mother.
The last time he ran away, it is said, M.
V. Wright, one of toe officers of a Los An
geles humane society, admonished his
stepfather that in case lie beat the boy
again he would be placed under arrest.
The boy seems naturally bright, though
he has evidently had little schooling, mid
expresses h:mself as willing to work. He
"beat" his way hereby riding the brake
beam and his clothing on arrival was in a
sadly dilapidated condition, while his
shoes were almost worn to pieces.
He was placed in the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society Home, where he will be prop
erly cared for.
Fractured His Ribs.
I G. T. Mackey, a peddler from Stockton, met
| with a serious accident yesterday on Eighth
j and Howard streets. Wnile riding on a flour
wagon he collided with another vehicle and
was thrown to the ground. One of the wagons
ran over his body, fracturing several ribs nnd
cutting his scalp. At the Receiving Hospital
it was found that he also sustained internal in
juries.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ASHWORTH LETS
OUT MANY MEN
Over One Hundred Street
Laborers Are Dis
charged.
SHARP RETRENCHMENT.
Street Department Funds Were
About to Become Ex
hausted.
BRODERICK'S TIMELY WARNING
Heavy Expenditures During the Early
Part of the Year Have Left the
. Superintendent Short.
Superintendent of Streets Thomas Ash«
worth has, within the past week, dis
charged more than 100 of his men who
were employed in paving and repairing
the public streets, in a desperate attempt
to keep within the appropriation allowed
him by law and to avoid the unpleasant
experience of having the salary demands
of his men held out by Auditor Brodericfe
because of a lack of funds to pay them.
Soon after Auditor BrodericK sounded
the first note of warning that the funds
over which he keeps watch must not be
overdrawn Superintendent Ashworth be
gan preparations for retrenchment, and
chose to start with his large number of
street laborers. A force of men would
have been laid off on the Ist day of the
month, but there were a number of
streets undergoing the process of paving
that could not well be left half finished in
the face of the protests of property-own
ers, and it was not until the sth inst. that
orders were given to let the men out and
stop the improvements.
As many of the workmen were men of
family the wholesale discharge caused no
little feeling, but under the circumstances
there was noti.ing else for the superin
tendent to do, his lavish expenditures dur
ing the early portion of the year having
so reduced the funds of the Street Depart
ment that to have carried the force on the
payroll for the remainder of the month,
or until the next tax levy is made would
have been to create a heavy overdraft,
something that the Auditor would have
] refused to allow. It is estimated that with
I the $200 to $250 per day saving the depart
i ment will make in this manner and with
! close figuring in other quarters, the super
intendent will be able to show a clean bill
of health when the time for the payment
of his monthly bills arrives.
Ii is probable that Mr. Ashworth will
urge this very shortage in his funds a
I reason why Ins demand for over $1,500,000
for the next fiscal year should be acceded
to by the Board of Supervisors. It is just
about as probable thai, if the members of
the board have taken pains to notice the
labored attempts of many of the cobble
stone artists of the department to prevent
themselves from perspiring while at work
on the streets they will cut that same de
mand down to about what it was for the
year now closing.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors was given some points at its
Thursday meeting that will probably be of
assistance in making up Mr. Ashworth's
appropriation.
Joseph Shearer, president of the Cali
fornia Paying Company, appeared before
the committee and charged the Superin
tendent with showing partiality to cer
tain contractors, with allowing jobs to be
iin'shed after work had been stopped aud
condemned ' by the street expert of the
board, and with permitting specifications
to be violated in many instances.
POLICE COURT ACCOUNTS.
£Xpert Dunn of the Grand Jury Telia of
Irregularities in the Clerks' Books.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors listened to more explanations
from the clerks of the Police Courts
yesterday after Expert Dunn of the Grand
Jury had read voluminous reports on the
muddled condition in which he had found
some of their accounts. Clerk Morgen
stern of Judge Conlan's court was the
only one given a clean bill of health.
Their statements were in the most part
received favorably, and the committee de
cided to have its own expert look into the
matter and report before coming to any
conclusion.
Broke Up the Meeting.
For some time past various religious bodies
have been holding open-air meetings on Mason
and Market streets to the great annoyance of a
number of saloon-keepers and their patrons.
On Thursday evening a number of members of
the Mission Gospel brancli were preaching and
singing, when several young fellows from a
saloon near by broke into the assemblage and
caused a stampede. In the melee one of the
preachers was struck in the face, and the
meeting broke up in confusion. Yesterday
warrants were sworn out for the arrest of John
J. Madden, a horseman, and Arthur Gallagher,
a druggist. Madden was charged with battery
and Gallagher with disturbing a religious
meeting.
NEW ROUTE TO
ATLANTIC PORTS
Huntington's Plan to Make
Galveston a Great
Entrepot.
NEW ORLEANS A LOSER.
Steamers to Run Direct to the
Texas Gulf Port From New
York.
EFFECT OF THE NEW PROJECT.
Will Cheapen Transportation and
Make the Southern Pacific More
Powerful Than Ever.
With Galveston a deep-water harbor,
which it soon will be, a radical change in
the transportation of freight between the
Atlantic and Pacific seaboards will be in
augurated by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, as Galveston will be made the
entrepot for all business destined for
Texas and the Pacific Coast from the At
lantic seaboard, and will also be the gate
way for business originating in the Lone
Star State and on the Pacific Coast
destined foi the Eastern border of the
continent.
This statement is made on the authority
of J. C. Stubbs, traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company.
At the present time all this traffic moves
by way of New Orleans, being brought to
that port from New York on Huntington's
steamers of the Morgan line and carried
thence over the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The proposed departure of the Southern
Pacific, therefore, means that New Orleans
is to lose considerable of h*r present
volume of commerce and that Galveston
is to spring into great prominence as a sea
port and commercial center.
There is now between nineteen and
twenty feet of water in the harbor of Gal
veston, and when the work ill progress
gives a depth of over twenty-two feet the
Southern Pacific will begin to run its line
of steamers between New York and Gal
veston direct and independently of those
now runnint: into New Orleans. This
will increase the water haul as compared
with that betweeu New York and New
Orleans by about 400 miles and will re
duce the rail haul by 311 miles. While
there may be no actual gain in time the
longer water haul via. Galveston will re
duce somewhat the cost of transportation
and lower rates may therefore possibly be
made.
It has been pointed out by a railroad
man that this route will give the Sunset
route more advantages than it has ever be
fore possessed in fighting tne Panama
rouce or any other transcontinental com
bination of railroads.
No rails of the Southern Pacific enter
Galveston to-day, but when the Morgan
line steamers enter that port it is stated
on good authority the Southern Pacific
will soon be running its trains over its
own rails. The nearest point on the
Southern Pacific Railroad to Galveston
now is Houston, about fifty miles distant,
and what freight is carried into Galveston
is moved over the line of the Gulf, Colo
rado and Santa Fe f m Houston. But
with the largely mci eased traffic that
would naturally follow the introduction of
tne Morgan steamers into Galveston, it
would be a paying proposition for the
Southern Pacific to construct a branch of
its own from Houston to Galveston.
SEW TO-DAT.
•••••••••••••••••••••••• i
I Perfect Jail BOfden |
§ infant Eagle Brand |
S Food Condensed Milk 2 \
• "Infant Health," is a little book of •
• great value that is sent FREE ouappli- •
g cation. g
3 N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. c
• 71 Hudson Street, ' Hew York •
. 7 f * ■*•?!►&.
CLEVELAND
Stands for all that can be desired in the
HIGHEST-GRADE Bicycles.
PRICE $100.
CRESCENT
Stands for the BEST 575 Bicycle In the
market. -:\r '
OUR HIGH- BICYCLES, '96
model, at 847.50, are appreciated
and selling rapidly.
BOYS' AND MISSES' WHEELS
At $35, $40 and $50.
SECOND-HAND WHEELS
At $15, $20, $25. $30 and $35. .
CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
LEAYITT& BILL,
303 LARKII ST., S. P.
1112 BROADWAY, OAKL4KD.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
_,
This Afternoon and Evening Free Parachutes to
Children.
fTHIS AFTERNOON AT 4:30, .,
3AILOR-BOY BALLOON
-. ASCENSION. .
Sunday Balloon Ascension, Afternoon
and Night, by
GEORGE WESTON.
Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, sc. ■
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
SUNDAY, June 14, at 2:30 p.m.
NEW TO-DAT.
Children who vibrate
all through their grow-
ing years between
health and sickness,
children who are pale
and peevish, thin and
weak, children who
never seem to grow
right, whose develop-
ment is retarded, whom
food does not seem to
nourish, should take
Scott's Emulsion, of
Cod-liver Oil and Hy-
pophosphites* It con-
tains the very essence
of nourishment most
needed when vitality is
low*
Consumptives find
new hope in it and thin
and emaciated adults
always gain flesh and
strength after taking it*
It is a pleasant and
oaiatable food*
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
LAST 2 TIMES
Baldwin
" * TO-NIGHT.
The Distinguished Comedian,
3ST.A.T O. GOODWIN
Ana His >up«rt> Company
In an I- iabor&t» Prod action of
"TINT MIZZOUH.A!"
By Augustus ihoinaa, Ksq., Author of " Alabama."
NEXT Week— 2d and Lust of NAT C.GOODWIN.
The great comedy success. t<y Henry (.iuy Carlelon.
Monday. June 22, MB. JOHN DItEW.
AT THE NEXT
CALIFORNIA MONIIA^NIGHT,
Star Cast DRAMATIC STOCK CO.,
Under the direction of L. K. stockwell.
Presenting the Latest Lyceum Theater success,
"THE HOME SKCBETAKY."
Seats Now Selling:.
Prices— lsc. 25c, 35c. oOc, 75c.
S^
C^gy^ /\Lt/A^/\h!
Matinee To-day. First Appearance of
AMY LEE FRANK DOANE
In the Great Comedy Drama Success,
"THE LITTLE DETECTIVE!"
NEW COMPANY. A GREAT CAST.
Amy Lee and Frank Doane in Four Great Special-
ties. Great Scenic Display. The Baden Lake and
I Boat House. The struggle on the House Tops.
i Mansion in Belgravia. Thames Street In Winter,
AIA^IMiS wkdesday, Saturday 11.) SUNNY!
MATINEE PRICES— IOc, 15c and 25c.
Nisrht Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc
The Sale Indicates a Turnaway.
rRICDLAnOtHGOTTIOD ft c»- ux>a am rwiAOlW •• •
LADIES' I THIS
DAY | AFTERNOON,
And then only two more performances of
BROTHER JOHN
I THE FRAWTEY~~COMPANY.
I Next Monday-"THE CHARITY BALL," the
j greatest of them all.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mia Jb.u.N Justin KuKi.i.vn, Proprietor i.Uaaajjr
THE TALK OF THE TOWN.
KVERY EVENING.
The Greatest Musical Triumph of the
■-.: '■'•■"■' Season.
Delllnger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
T-jOFtFt-A-lItTIE
'•A STORY OP COURT AND CAMP."
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
MONDAY EVENING JUNE 23.
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE.
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOaCQ, Sola Lessee and Managac
THIS KVKMNt- AT KlfiHT,
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS CITY—
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Success,
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER!
An Interesting Story of To-day.
Full of Action, Humor and Pathos.
Xvrs-ixn Pbicbj— 2Bo ana Mo.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sonets?.
tn . — .
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), June 13.
Parquet, any seat, 25c;" Balcony, any seat, 10c;
• . ' Children, 10c, any part.
Edison's Latest Wonder, The
VITASOOFE !
Marvel of the 19th Century.
HAVES and POST. ■ LMA HERZOO,
TAPINTA.
\ 24 ALL STAK AKTISTS— 24
SUTRO_BATHS.
Grand Aqnatic ami Athletic Exhibition !
. CANOE 'RACE!
■ Tub and Float Racing. Australian TOM THUMB,
the Famous Water Clown, Saturday and Sun-
day Afternoon and Evening. Jane 13 and 14.
Grand .Electric Display Every Evening.
GENERAL ADMISSION—,
Adult". lOc — - Children. So.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
GRAND PICNIC
Of the Hunker Hill Association and the
Sons of Vermont
At Glen Ellen, Wednesday, June 17,
Anniversary ot the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Boat? leave Tlburon Ferry at 9 A. M., returning
leave Glen Ellen at SP. M. Trains stop at San
Rafael both ways.
■ Blum's Band will accompany the excursionist*.
Tickets for round trip $1. Children under 12
years 7>oc. For sale at the ferry on the morning of
the picnic.
78
THE FARMERS'
SUMMER SCHOOL
Convenes in Santa Cruz
Mountains Next
Month.
CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
Instructors to Be Present From
Stanford and Berkeley
Universities.
ALL COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
Camp to Continue Two Weeks Under
the Supervision of the
State Grange.
O:i Monday, Juiy 6. the second annual
Farmers' Summer School, beld under the
auspices of the State Grange, will open at
Camp Roache, in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
The Farmers' Camp of Instruction and
Summer School of Economics and Hus
bandry was established under the author
ity of the State Grange last year. Its pri
mary object is the benefit of all those in
terested in the problem of rural life and
raising the standard of rural comfort, cul
ture and prosperity.
Unqualified success attended the initial
session of the school and many of the
farms and rural homes of the State are the
living evidences of the benefits derived
from the two weeks' pleasant sojourn in
the Santa Cruz Mountains Jast July. The
local management is in the hands of High
land Grange, Patrons of Husbandry.
The instruction is directed by
the faculties of the College of Ag
riculture in the University of Cali
fornia and of the department of
economics in the LeFan'l Stanford Jr.
University. It will consist mainly this
year of highly entertaining and instructive
lectures followed in every instance by free
discussion and impronlptu discourse by all
present who feel so moved.
The camp ground is now ready for occu
pation and can be used as late as desired.
That is to say, there will be an oppor
tunity for such discussions and lectures on
other subjects before and after the weeks
devoted to the regular course as may be
found desirable. The regular session will
be held two weeks, beginning July 6 and
closing July 19.
The programme arranged by the com
mittee of the State Grange is as follows:
Monday morning, July 6— Agriculture: Ori
gin and Formation of .Soils, I'rok-ssor E. W.
Hilgard, University of Culilornia. Afternoon
—Economics: The Laws of tne Movements of
Goods, Professor E. A. Ross, Stanford Univers
al ty.
Tuesday morning — Agriculture: The Soil
and the Plant, Professor Hiigard. Afternoon-
Economics: Water Transportation, Professor
Ross.
Wednesday morning— Agriculture: Signifi
cance of Form in Animals and Plants, Profes
sor E. J. Wickson, University of Californfa.
Afternoon — Economics: Railroad Corpora
tions, Professor Ross.
Thursday morning— Agriculture: Irrigation
and Rainiall, Professor Wickson. Afternoon —
Economics: Railroad Rates, Professor Ross.
Friday morning— Agriculture: The Farm
ers' Garden, Professor Wickson. Afternoon —
Economics: The Policy of the State Toward
Railroads, Professor Ross.
Monday morning, July 12— Agriculture:
How Insects Injure Plants, Professor C. W.
Woodworth, University of California. After
noon—Economics: Origin and Purpose of
Money, Professor Ross.
Tuesday morning— Agriculture: Relation of
Seasons to Insect Injury, Professor Wood worth.
Afternoon— Economics: The Tests of Good
Money, Professor Ross.
Wednesday morning— Agriculture: Insecti-
George Ohleyer, Lecturer of California
State Grange.
cides, Professor Woodruff. Afternoon—Eco
nomics : Paper Money and Bank Money.
Thursday mornine— Agriculture: Up-to-date
Practice in Viticulture, A. P. Hayne, Univers
ity of California. Afternoon— Economics:
The Battle of Gold and Silver, Professor Rosa.
Friday morning— Agriculture : The Olive and
Its Products, Mr. Hayne. Afternoon—Eco
nomics: The Present (Monetary) Situation and
What to Do With It.
Saturdays will be devoted to recreations ar
ranged by the Ladies' Auxiliary Committed
The State Granpe does not permit of the
expression of opinion by vote in any
school conducted in its name. The rea
sons therefore are: First, to prevent the
influence of the State Grange being used to
promote measures of which it might ap
prove; second, to prevent the desire of
victory in discussions from obstiucting the
impartial search for truth.
The committees have been established
and are as follows:
Edward F. Adams, Wrights, Highland
Grange; George W. Worthen, Willow Glen,
San Jose Grange ; C. W. Childs, San Jose, San
Jose Grange; ex-oflicio, W. W. Greer, Sacra
mento, master State Grange; ex-officio, George
Ohleyer, Yuba City, lecturer State Grange.
The local committee (appointed by Highland
Grange) is as follows: Carl H. Allen, Edward
F. Adams, Jerome F. Bassett.
The ladies' auxiliary committee (appointed
l>y Highland Grange, to be in charge of mat
ters relating to the comfort and entertain
ment of attendants) is as follows: Mrs. Carl
H. Adams, Mrs. Milton H. Miller, Mrs. C. J.
MeKinney, Miss JeSfcic Norton, Miss Marion
A 'lams.
All has been arranged under the super
vision of the following State Grange com
mittee:
.Edward Adams, George W. Worthen, C. W.
Childs; W. W. Greer, master State Grange;
George Ohleyer, lecturer State Grange.
TABLEAUX AND SONG.
Charming Entertainment Given iast
Night at the Young Women's Chris
tian Association Home.
A charming entertainment was given
last evening at the home of the Young
Women's Christian Association, on O'Far
rell street.
The large parlors were tastefully deco
rated, and one of the parlors was arranged
to serve as a stage, on which red and white
lights were thrown with fine effect. The
evening was opened by an address by the
Rev. Mr. Kennedy of St. John's Presby
terian Church, after which the following
programme was rendered: Music, by the
orchestra; recitation, "A Boy's Conclu
sion," Miss Gladys Caighin; Delsarte pan
tomime, "Waiting and Watching," Miss
Edith Lincoln; solo, "Daddy," Dr. R. W.
Smith; recitation, 'The Night Watch,"
Mrs. J. Caighin; piano duec, Misses Grass
and Sadler; solo, Miss Edith Ingal;
club-swinging, Miss Edith Lincoln; or
chestra; soprano solo, "Afterwards." Mrs.
Marie Woods (encore, "At the Eastern
Gate"); scarf drill and posing, Misses Eva
Hunt, Maud Powell, Minnie Hartly,
Emma Eiler, Ethel Ingall, Miss Moody,
Laura Mason, Juliet Lane and Rebecca
Murawski; orchestra.
The programme was concluded by a
series of beautiful tableaux by the above
young ladies under the direction of Miss
Minnie Hartley, their teacher in Delsarte
and elocution.
The singing of Mrs. Wood was a sur
prise, even to her friends. She was in ex
cellent voice, and her dramatic soprauo
brought out wonderfully the feeling in the
song.
At the end of the entertainment re
freshments were served.
GROEZINGER'S CAUSE LOST
Judge Seawell Decides That He
Has No Ground for
Action.
The County Govern msnt Act's Pro
vision for a Four-Year Term
Does Not Hold.
Judge Seawell yesterday gave judgment
for the defendant in the case of Justice of
the Peace G. C. Groezinger vs. Adolph
Sutro, the Board of Election Commis
sioners and Registrar Hinton.
Groezinger began suit against the de
fendants named, praying that they be
perpetually enjoined and restrained from
appropriating moneys from the funds of
the City and County of San Francisco for
the purpose of procuring and holding an
election in November, 1596, to till tbe
offices of Justices of the Peace : and that
they be restrained from executing the pro
visions of a resolution providing for the
holiinp of such election during the pend
ency of the action, an<! for such other and
further relief as might be found meet and
equitable, and for costs of suit.
The basis of the action was the county
government act of 1893, which provides
that county officials elected in 1894 shall
hold office for four years.
The defense, through its attorney, Gar
ret McEnerney, entered a demurrer
alleging that there was not sufficient
ground for action in the complaint.
Judge Seawel! sustained the demurrer
and gave judgment for the defendants.
CAMPAIGN WORK.
Frank McLaaghlin Looking for Kooins.
The Republican County Committee's
Increase of Membership.
Major Frank McLaughlin, M. &. Hig
gins, Cornelius O'Connor and other mem
bers of the executive committee of the Ke
publican State Committee have been look
ing around during the past few days for
rooms to be used as headquarters during
toe campaign. Desirable apartments c;in
be obtained in the Emporium or the Flood
building. The chairman of the commit
tee, Major McLaughlin, does not fancy the
idea of using his rooms at the Palace Hotel
for political headquarters.
Among local politicians of the Republi
can party the action of the County Com
mittee in resolving to add to that body
one more member from each Assembly
District has caused much comment of a
favorable kind. Nearly all the party
workers acKnowledge that a committee of
eighteen — one from each district — is too
small to do the work required.
Mr. Man waring, chairman of the
County Committee, received many recom
mendations yesterday in behalf of candi
dates for the position of committeemen.
A majority of the recommendations came
from sources outside of the committee.
The chairman said last evening:
"It is probable that the appointments
will not be made before the regular meet
ing in July. Something may arise de
manding action before the expiration of
thirty days, but there will be no haste
made in the Betection. I intend to con
sider thoroughly all the recommendations
presented. Among the men already men
tioned are many capable and well-known
Republicans who would be able to perform
excellent service in their respective dis
tricts."
"the increase of the committee," re
marked Mr. Manwaring, "is regarded
generally as a necessity. In fact I do not
hear of any objection. All recognize that
the districts are large and that much work
should be done.
THE OLD FLAG.
Acting Mayor Taylor Says It Will Be
Raised Over the New City
Hall To- Day.
The following communication is self
explanatory :
Mrs. S. Isabel Hubbard —My Dear Madam:
Your letter ot June 8, 1896, has been received
by the acting Mayor, Hon. C. L. Taylor. He
has directed me to say to you that, complying
with your patriotic request, proper instructions
have been issued to the various officers to
unfurl the flag on Saturday, June 13, 18!>(!, in
commemoration of its adoption by Congress
119 years ago.
He fully indorses the patriotism that
prompted your letter and the spirit that has
been the grand motive that has called your
society into being.
He believes that our institutions are worthy
of purest love, and that societies like yours are
eloquent evangels carrying the sacred torch of
National love. Very respectfully,
Taylor Rogers, Mayor's Clerk.
YESTERDAY'S FIRE RECORD.
The Department Called Oat to Ext in-
guUk a Number of Blaze*.
The Fire Department was called out to ex
tinguish a blaze in a two-story frame dwelling
house, occupied by J. W. Larios, at 845 Fif
teenth avenue, early yesterday morning. A
number of inquisitive rodents, in an endeavor
to open a box of matches, started the fire,
which damaged the building to the extent of
$25.
As the fire engines were about to return to
their various quarters Captain Comstock of
the Underwriters' Fire Patrol noticed flames
issuing from the roof of J. Lillerd's bakery
corner of San Bruno road and Silver avenue
The department started on a race to the fire
but despite its haste the building and iv con
tents were totally destroyed. The loss on the
building and furniture will not fall short of
$1500.
An alarm was sounded through box 351 yes
terday at 9 :30 p. M. for a fire in a frame dwell
iriE-house, occupied by Charles Raggaso, at
314 Broadway. A lamp exploded and caused
the blaze. The damage done to the house and
its contents amounts to about $20.
The alarm from box 39 at 7:30 r. m. was tor
a blaze from a defective chimney, in Henry-
Moss' saloon, 251 Spear street. The loss was
nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
ONE OF THE OLDEST
REPUBLICAN CLUBS
The "Howard" Points With
Pride to Its Past Repub
lican Record.
CREATION OF CRIMMINS.
The Young Men of the Tenth
Ward Have Revolutionized
the Democratic Party.
MANLY AND INDEPENDENT.
Has Never Sought Financial As
sistance From the Party
Leaders.
The oldest and best-known Republican
club in San Francisco is the "Howard."
THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF HOWARD REPUBLICAN
CLUB FOR 1896.
Prior to 1880— the date of the birth of this
clvb — there was no such thing known to
the politicians as a Republican club south
of Market street.
The Tenth Ward was absolutely claimed
byHhe Democrats, and this claim remained
undisputed to such an eitent that in the
early political history of San Francisco,
when Supervisors were elected exclusively
by wards, there was no such thing to be
expected as that the Tenth Ward would
return anything but an out-and-out, dyed
in-the-hair Democrat.
This being the condition of affairs in that
fertile valley, there were no inducements
to start Republican clubs or even think of
rallvint; the few lonely residents belonging
to the minority together on the eve of a
campaign, and in the majority of cases at
an election other than a Presidential the
few solitary voters whose political faith
had been pinned to the policy of Abraham I
Lincoln remained at home and permitted I
their neighbors to conduct the election as
good Democrats generally do by rolling in
as large a majority for their candidate as
would insure his election beyond a perad
venture.
With the nomination of James A. Gar
field in 1880 a change came over the polit
ical horizon of the Tenth Ward. At that
time the young Native Sons begun to show
their strength as a political factor in the
ranks of both parties and, unlike their
predecessors, they thought for themselves
and voted as they thought without wait
ine to be told for whom to vote. Among
those young men at that time was one who
had convinced his young associates that
he knew a thing or two about politics him
self. His advice and counsel was sought
to that degree that he soon became a pro
vincial leader in the Tenth Ward. This
young man was none other than Philip J.
Crimmins, who since that period has be
come so well known by the politicians, not
only of this City but of the whole State,
as a young man who has shown his ability
to become a local leader of his party, and,
to-day, while not an actual leader, his ad
vice and counsel have been sought by the
foremost men at the head of the political
party in this City.
From the brain of this same Phil Crim
mins emanated the Howard (Jlub, and to
his judgment and generalship must be at
tributed whatever laurels the club has
won and fastened upon its banner, as bat
tle victories are in reality the individual
victories of the founder of the Howard
Club.
In 1879 Phil Crimmins, B. F. Dougherty,
\>. T. Sesnon, D. J. Crowley, James Cun
ningham, 'lhomas F.Donahue, John E.
Green, Thomas Flynn, Judee J. C. B.
Hebbard, 11. E. Hall, J. P. Rice. Robert
Williams, Fred Frey— all of whom have
continued their membership right through
with the club— and about a dozen other
young men whose residences were in the
Tenth Ward, joined together and formed
the Howard Club, which they had incor
porated, first as a social organization, in
which the daily papers and other litera
ture were subscribed for and the club
roomn made social and conventional to its
members.
This continued until the following year,
when the Republican convention nomina
ted Gartield. Then the social feature,
while continuing, had added politics to its
usefulness, and irom that day to thia the
influence of the Howard Club has been
courted by every Republican nominee
wlio hoped to win out in the race for
municipal office.
The headquarters of the club was located
on the southwest corner of Third and
Howard streets for fourteen years, and
until about two years ago, a Democratic
office-holder, with an eye to business,
leased the corner where the club held forth
and put his brother in as a tenant to sell
Democratic whisky to such patrons as
were able to pay for the same.
This Democratic interference with the
boys of the Howard Club was not their
tirst experience, however, as attempt after
attempt had been made to stuff the club
roll with Democratic names for the pur
pose of pros«lytinc the members and
swinging the club over on the eve of a
campaign contest. This defection, had it
been accomplished, would as a matter of
course tend to weaken the influence of the
Republicans throughout the City. But all
those attempts failed. Crimmin3 and his
first lieutenant, B. J. Dougherty, circum
vented every attack and kept the club
within the Republican fold.
This last deal had the effect, However, of
driving the Howards to more congenial
quarters, and since that time their meet
ings have been held in Pythian Castle on
Market street. But this fenancy will only
be temporary, as the officers of the club
are now looking for suitable quarters into
which they will move and from which
some good active political work for the
campaign of 1896 may be expected.
The first president of the club was James
Cunningham, in 1880. Following in the
order of their names are those who pre
sided over the destiny of the Howard
since that time: Thomas F. Donahue,
Thomas C. Tully, Frank W. Covey, Judae
Frank Gray and the present presiding
officer, Christopher E. Newman, with the
following executive officers, who now have
charge of the welfare of the club: First
vice-president, Fred Frey; second vice
president, E. H. Lutgens; third vice-pres
ident, Thomas Mc.Dermott; recording sec
retary, Thomas Graham; financial secre
tary," D. J. Crowley; treasurer, Fred
Egßers.
The executive committee, which does
the real work of the club, is composed of
the following members: Chairman, Phil
J. Crimmins; W. J. Blatner, B. J. Dough
erty, George Bryant, T. W. Fiemming,
T. J. Fellows, F.Coryn and John Grief.
The Howard boys'are in it for the pres
ent campaign, and will no doubt Eive a
good account of the club, with its 200 act
ive, energetic young men, all well versed
in the science of politics and campaign
strategy. The Republican standard-bearer,
as well as those who will be nominated for
legislative and municipal honors, may be
assured of the support of the entire club.
The present membership does not exceed
200, but this, small as it may appear when
compared with other Republican clubs
having a thousand or more members en
rolled, does not lessen the power or influ
ence of this club, from the fact that those
200 trained men can and have knocked
four times their number hors de combat
on a political issue. This is in conse
quence of the excellent training and gen
eralship of their leader, who never with
draws his outside sentinel until the last
ballot has been put on the string and the
returns safely locked in the City's vault.
The financial side of the Howards is
always attended to by its own members,
and never in its history has it asked for or
received one dollar from any candidate or
from the State, Central or County Com
mittee to tide over a financial chasm, but
generously pays its own way and with be
coming dignity holds its head high in the
air with loity pride, looking upon its past
history and usefulness to principles of the
party to which it is pledged and which
it has contributed to retain in power and
control of the National, State and City
governments.
INJURED BY A CABLE-CAR.
Charles J. Miller Run Down on Jones
Street Last Night.
Charles J. Miller, who is employed in an
undertaking establishment at 957 Mission
street, was badly injured late last night by a
Jones-street cable-car on Golden Gate avenue.
The accident was witnessed by John M.
Newbert, who was on one of the cars. He said
that Miller was on the southbound car. When
the car reached the north side of the avenue
Miller stepped off the car and did not heed the
approach of the northbound car on the other
track.
In a second the car had knocked him down.
In an instant the gripman had the car at a
standstill, anil Miller was only rolled over
once by the fender, so quickly did the brakes
operate. However, he was held firm by the
fender and one wheel, which was on his right
hand. Newbert and several others raised the
j car and ran it back a short distance, but. as
I they were removing the injured man the car
was started lorward again, being on a down
grade. The next time trie wheels were locked
and Miller was removed.
Tne injured man remained on the sidewalk
forty minutes waiting for the police patrol
wngon to arrive from the North End police
station. The City Hail wagon was away on
another mission. When taken to the hospital
it was found that Miller's left leg was broken
in two places, his right hand was badly cut
and his scalp lacerated in several places. The
shock to his system was also very severe.
Whether or not he sustained internal injuries
I could not be learned unil later.
A DOCTOR'S VICTIM
Mr«. Catherine Jakooleff Accuses Dr.
S. P. Hall of Malpractice.
Mrs. Catherine Jakooleff, a seamstress, who
I lives at 229>£ Sixth street, was sent to the Re
! ceiving Hospital last evening suffering trom
the effects of malpractice on the part of a
physician. The woman's husband left her a
month ago and went back to his home in lius
| si a. Since then Mrs. Jakooleff has been work
ing for a tailor named Simonoff, who has a
shop on Golden Gate avenue, near Market
street.
Yesterday afternoon the woman did not
work, but called upon friends on Hoard man
I place, off Golden Gate avenue. While there
| she became very ill, and her friends sent for
i Dr. Gruening on Larkin street.
The doctor did not take long to ascertain the
cause of the trouble and he sent at once to the
Receiving Hospital for the ambulance.
Dr. Fitzgibbou did all in his power to alle
i viate the woman's sufferings, and a little later
i he s?nt her to the City and County Hospital.
Before leaving she told Dr. Fitzgibbon that a
week ago she vfstted Dr. S. P. Hall, on McAl
lister street, and she gave. him $20 for a treat
ment which has since caused her much misery.
Dr. Fitzgibbon states that unless peritoniles
sets in the woman will probably recover.
Bimetallic League Delegate.
Delegates are beginning to be appointed to
the National Silver Convention, which meets
at St. Louis on July 22. Each of the forty Sen
atorial of this State sends one, while
five deiegates-at-large are appointed by the i
president of the Bimetallic League, George W.
Baker. On Thursday Mr. Baker made his first
appointment in the person of J. C. Fitzgerald,
publisher of the Silver Advocate.
Fair Case Set for Trial
The Fair will case has been set tor August 1,
peremptorily.
CLAIMS HEWLETT
WAS HER FATHER
Mrs. Offutt of Sonoma
County Would Break
the Will.
SCORNS FIVE HUNDRED.
She Begins Suit to Get Her
Share of a $150,000 '
Fortune.
A SECOND FLORENCE BLYTHE.
Known Before Her Marriage as the
Adopted Daughter of L. W.
Walker of Marin County.
laabelle H. Offutt, through her attorney,
Hepburn Wilkins, yesterday petitioned
the Superior Court for a revocation of the
probate of the will of P. B. Hewlett. The
petitioner claims that she is the daughter
of P. B. Hewlett and that at the time he
made his will he was not of sound mind.
Mrs. Offutt is a young woman about 25
or 27 years of age and was before her mar
riage known as Belle Walker, the adopted
daughter of L. W. Walker of Marin
County. Since her iuarriage, however,
she has lived with her husband on their
ranch close to the Sonoma-Marin county
line &nd near the town of Petaluma.
She now, by her own legal declaration,
appears in much the same light as did
Florence Blythe when she contested the
Blytne estate as a daughter of the de
ceased capitalist.
Hepburn Wilkins, the claimant's attor
ney, declared yesterday that the late P. B.
Hewlett had adopted his present client as
his daughter and had always treated her
as such. It is principally on this ground
that the suit will be prosecuted.
The whole estate is valued at about $150,
-000, including certain deeds of nearly
?luo,ooo, made to two of Hewlett's sons.
Mrs. Offutt will attempt to have these
deeds set aside.
The case will not come to trial for at
least two months, owing to the court re
cess, and it may in the meantime be set
tled by compromise, as Mrs. Offutt's at
torney will endeavor to have the matter
decided without the publicity of & court
trial.
P. B. Hewlett, a widower, 76 years of
age, residing at 30 Rincon place, died
January 1, 1896. He left a will dated
August 8, 1892, with codicils added in
1893, naming George K. Porter, Frederick
Hewlett, J. D. Wilson and E. T. Hewlett
as executors. His estate was appraised at
; $52,620.
Mr. Hewlett's family consisted of three
sons,. Edmund P. Hewlett, aged 51 years;
George Hewlett, aged 17, and Palmer
Hewlett, aged 10. He had been twice
married, the minor children being the off
spring of his second wife.
In disposing of his property P. B. Hew
lett bequeathed the real estate at 30 Rincon
place to his eldest son, E. P. Hewlett, and
then went on to say : • ;^ r - <: :';-.i; ," . ■
"Second: I give and bequeath to her that
j was Bell Walker, before her marriage Bell
! Walker is the adopted daughter of L. W.
! Walker of Marin County, California the sum
of $500 for her sole use and benefit forever to
be paid from the first funds available from my
| estate."
Otner legatee? for small sums are Mrs.
Carrie Simon, 40 years ot ace; Mrs. Nettie
Renwick, 19, and Mrs. Carrie Simons.
The remainder of the estate was to be
divided Between the younger children, of
whom George Laworin of Petaluma was
appointed guardian.
In the final paragraph of the will it is
provided that any heir who may contest
the will snail forfeit his legacy.
Late Cara to the Beach-
Beginning to-day the cars of the Park and
Ocean Railway, which run from Stanyan
street to the ocean beach, south of Golden
Gate Park, will run until 10 p. M. from the
Stanyan-street terminus. Heretofore they
have not run after 6 P. m. They will leave
only at intervals of an hour between U and 10
P. M.
Harvey's Trial Set,
Leroy Q. Harvey pleaded not guilty to four
different charges of grand larceny in Judge
Wallace's court yesterday. His trial was set
for August 1.
HER HEART FAILED
Death Was Knocking at Mrs.
Allen's Door.
Relief Came From an Unexpected
Source and She Safely Paused the
Terrible Ordeal— She Tells Her
Kxperience to the Editor
of the Democrat.
From the Democrat, Mt. Vernon, Ind.
When oue of the most highly respected resi
dents of a community is known to be a suf
ferer from any disease, and is suddenly cured,
ft is but natural that the commuuity should
take great interest in the case.
Mrs. M. A. Allen, the wire of Mr. Charles M.
Allen of Mount Vernon, Ind., has long been
known to the Inhabitants of our beautiful
little city to be a sufferer with severe and re
lentless heart trouble, and when It was re
ported around the city that she had been
cured of her trouble the editor of the Demo
crat, who was overjoyed to near of It, took it
upon himself to investigate the case and find
out what Cftused her cure.
Upon calling at the cozy little home of the
Aliens the editor was welcomed in by the cour
teous lady, and, after they were comfortably
seated, the editor explainea his mission and
received from Mrs. Allen the story of her suf
fering and wonderful recovery. Sne was in
the best of spirits, as one would natnrallv be
expected to be after recovering from a long
and severe illness. She stated that her name
had never been in the newspapers before, and
she didn't much like the idea, but in case of
this kind she would relent in order to en
lighten suffering humanity.
She stated that nhe was 55 years of age and
hal suffered from palpitation of the heart and
nervousness for years and thought death was
at hand. She tried many remedies, but could
find no relief. Sleepless nights and nervous
ness at. all times was beginning to tell upon
her. She read of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills in
the Mount Vernon papers and their wonderful j
cures. She did not put much stock in them, '
but finally concluded to try them.
Her own words are: "The first two boxes did j
me so much good that I thought that I would
not have to use them any more. I stopped
using them, but suffered a relapse, however,
and commenced usius them again. Since then
I have never had a bad spell, while before I would
faint, and was unfit for work and home duties.
Now I feel stronger and better than I have for
years. "
She looks upon Dr. Williams' Pink Pills as a
godsend, and says she is free to say that they
are an excellent remedy for heart trouble and
nervousness.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to give
new life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are also a specific for
troubles peculiar to females, such as suppres
sions, irregularities and all forms of weakness.
They build up the blood and restore the glow
of health to pale and sallow cheeks. In men
they effect a radical cure in all cases arising
from mental worry, overwork or excesses 01
whntever nature. Pink Pills are sold in boxes
(never in loose bulk) at 50 cents a box or six
boxes for $2 50, and may be had of all drug
gists, or direct by mail from Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company. Scheuectady, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAT.
737^
This Lucky Number Proves to
Be the Mascot of Thou-
sands.
Why It Is So— What Has Been Ac-
complished in Connection
With 737*
You may reject all belief in omens.as they
are often founded upon superstition, but
the simple number of 737 may have much
to do in the shaping of your future happi-
ness and final destiny. The secret of this
lucky number is not revealed , to you in
dream books, nor can you glean it from
the stars. You must look for it in another
direction. You can see thousands of men
and women in every grade and condition
of life who pin their faith to this number
and build their hopes upon it. The
affluent banker, the eminent lawyer, the
pious clergyman, the sturdy mechanic,
the sun-burnt farmer, the dashing broker,
the hardy miner, all elbow each other in
their eagerness to reach their Mecca.
737.
The vast throng who continue to daily-
seek this number do so in quest of happi-
ness, with which they have not always
been blessed. Perhaps you, yourself, have
not. Possibly you have been foolish in
your younger days or indiscreet in after
years and now suffer the evil effects of it.
While you may be afflicted with no acute
disease, yet you are conscious of the fact
that something is wrong with you. You feel
that you are nervous and irritable. You
feel that your thoughts and ideas are dull
and often become confused. You feel that
your sleep is bad, unrefresliing and some-
times disturbed by weakening dreams.
You feel that your energy and ambition
are cone. You feel that yon are unfit for
study, business or the proper enjoyment
of either married or single life. You there-
fore meet with repeated failures and from
the depths of your gloom and mortifica-
tion you cry out that fate is against you,
never thinking that
737
Market street, San Francisco, holds the
key to your health, happiness and future
success. There, at this well-known num-
ber, you will find Dr. F. L. Sweany,
who is acknowledged to be the greatest
living authority on the treatment of
all chronic ailments of the human
system. His specialty embraces not
only, every form of nervous, sexual and
private diseases, but he addresses himself
in particular to diseases of the eye, ear, :
head, throat, lungs, heart, stomach, liver,
bladder, kidneys and urinary organs. He
also effects a radical cure in the shortest
possible time of piles, rupture, varicocele,
hydrocele, gleet, gonorrhoea, syphilis and
kindred troubles. Female complaints,
which make miserable the lives of a large
portion of the American women, receive j
careful attention and perfect cures from !
Dr. Sweany. If you " are discouraged, j
down-hearted or pain-tortured by any of
these or similar diseases and desire to get
rid of them and be restored to sound,
health y manhood and womanhood, then
737
Solves the problem. Go to that number
this day. Don't fool away any more time
and money dosing with patent medicines
and other cheap remedies tnat will do you
no permanent good, but put yourself
under the skillful, scientific treatment of j
Dr. Sweanv, whom you know will cure
you. He has brought about brilliant
results in apparently hopeless cases, in
proof of which he has thousands of
genuine testimonials for private exhibi- 1
tion in his office. If you cannot call upon
Dr. Sweany describe to him, fully and j
frankly, your troubles by letter. He will
then understand your condition thor-
oughly and tell you candidly whether or
not he can treat you successfully at your
own home by correspondence and by
medicines sent. In this manner he con-
tinues to cure cases in all parts of the j
country. The doctor's offices are now, as
they have been for many years past and i
always will be in the future, located at 737
Market st., opposite the Examiner office,
San Francisco, Cal. His hours for con- j
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12
A. M., 2to 5 and 7to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10
to 12 A. M. only. Having received the
benefit of this great physician's treatment
you will never forget the talismanic
number.
737.
GOODWILL JIT AUCTION.
I will sell to the highest bidder for cash the
Goodwill of the General Machinery and Commis-
sion business formerly conducted by H. P.
Gregory & Co. (a corporation), Nos. 46 and 48
Fremont street. in the City and County of San
Francisco, state of California, on
THIS DAY.
Saturday June 13, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
EASTOJJ ELDRIDGB & CO., 638 MARKET ST.,
In said city, county and .State.
TYLER lIENSHAW, Trustee.
EABTON ELDRIDGE &CO., Auctioneers,
638 Market street.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
Of THK
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tomo for th'
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for disease* of tbo kidneys and blal-
der. A great Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervine.
Hells on its , own Merits— no long-winded tesu*
monials necessary. ;
>.»i.i.i:, <i.L.VS Si BItUNK, Agent».
323 Market St.. 8. I".— (send for Circular.)
M\l lVr YflH Tnrout, Pimples, Copper-
«HAVt YOU colored Spot?, Aches. Old bores. *
Kloars in Month, Hair-Falling! Write COOK gg
HKEMKDV CO., 3OT Masonic Temple, eg
MChlcagro, HI., for proofs of cures. Cupl- g*
jj&tnl, 8500,000. Worst case* cored to la
jjto 3S day*. 100-pnge boolL_jree^ M jg|
aixiß vvrlU Hi
The purs essential extract from the native drug 1 . Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without 'U noxious elements. . No sickness cf stomach
no Tornit.ng mo ooetivtncss ; no headache. All Drug-gists.
RAILROAD^TRAVEI*
SOUTH KBIT PACIFIC COMPAJTT. ,
(PACIFIC BVBTKM.)
Tniim leave »n«l are «lno to arrive at
WAN -rnAMtwco.
LgAYg - Fi;om Jt-xe7, 1896. — ARRIVB
"*6:oOA"Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations... »J*-^A
7iooa Atlantic Express. Og'len and l.a«.. »'*»»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaxille, Eumsey. Sacra*
men to, OroTille and Redding ti»
Davis •"•• S:«sf
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, ]Sapa, Calls- ■ •■ _■
toga and Santa Rosa o:I3*
»::i«A Niles, San Joso, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maryßville ana L.e(T
15luil .i'!? 1 "
•9:30 a Peters and Milton "7:ljp
9iOOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.o* Angeles -f 'f'*'
©:00a Martinez and Stockton 'i : 1- A
9:00 a. Vallejo •••• i,£ 1 '
1:00 Niles, San Jose and Lr?ermore 8:43 A
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers I*:!? 0 '
♦1 :3 Op Port Costa and Way Stations tv:43r
«:O«r Martinez, .San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano wnc
Santa Rosa :••••/ B*l3*
•j«M>i> Benicia, Vacayille, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marysvill^
Orovillo and .Sacramento 10:13 a
4:SOp Niles, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton .7:lSp
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresr-o 1 1 :4 "i a
sioop New Orleans Express, l reguo.Bakersj
OeUl, Santa Barbara, Log Angeles^
Iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
Sagt 10:13 a
OlOOr Santa IV Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:15 a
B:OOp Vallejo 1 1*43 A
S:O<> v Kuropeau Mail, Ogilcn and Kast . . . 0:4 .1 a
4S:OOi- Hiiyu-iirdH, Nilrs ami Han Jose 7:15*
J7:OOp Vallejo t":*3p
7:Ot»r Oregon Express, .Sacramento, Maiya.
villc, Redding, Portland, I'nget
Hound and East 10:45 a
1 SANTA (iIHIZ IUVIMOX (Narrow (Jauge;.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Eicursion, anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J *:O3p
SilSa Newark, Ceiitcrville,K;in.losc,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i34*p
••:15p Newark, Co'iicrville, San Jose, New
Almadcn, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "1 1:20 a
|«il3r Newark. San .lone and l.os (.'atog.... «:»»30a
COAST IU VISION (Third loiTHSftiil Ms.) ~
•o:4BAKau Jose and W.iy Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
)7i3Oa. Sunday Excursion for Kan Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana .
Principal Way Stations 18:«$3p
8:13 a Han Jose, Trcs Piuos, Santa Cruz
J*acilio Orore. Paso Kobles, Sao
/.uia OMspo, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Wny Station! 7:05r
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl::JOp
lO:4Ua San .Jobo nnd Wiiy .Stations 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
•B:3OrSan Matco, Menlo Park, feu Jos^
Gi!roy, Tres Pinos, Santß Orns,
Salinas, Monterey and PacliicOrore *IQ:4Oa
•8:«0i» Sau Jose, Pacifio Grore and Way
Stations •l;3OF
*4:30p San Jose and Way Stations "smiOa
3:30p San .lost 1 and Principal Way Stations «N:4*a
6:3»p Kan Jonaiid Way Stations «::t.l\
H1:4.1[- San Joso nml Wav Ktntlons ♦7:45p
sax u;as»ko a.\u hav»aui» LUIIAL. .
<»C:00a ■■■■;, ( 7:15 a
8:00 a I t »:4.IA
t^t Seminary P.rk, J?:^
'»:»° A FJtchbnr ,S.aLe«dro »•s}*
8:00p mnd 4:*3p
4:00p " nu ■* S:43p
O:OOp n, t .. rl <, O:!."»p
s:3op JUywtxM. 7U3p
7:00p v «:45p
9,-OOp » Runs through to Nile*. 10-x'or
rtliasp; < From Niles. j, ttl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SAN FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9.00 11:00 A.M. $1:00 »2:00 13:00
•4:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m.
from OAKLAND— Foot of Broad war — *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. {12:C0 *1:00 t3:00 *3:00 J4:OC
«5:COi'.M. ■_ ■-
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. !
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
$ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
•«' .-.....!,,•„ „..,! it ,-,,!,,. R f r ,-,r,, i;,~»n ( ,
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
BDNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
.;:-■] .San Kafael to San FraneJtco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I«, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:35, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:401
6:00, 6:25 p.m. ' *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
.Leave Tnoffoef Arrive
, Ban Francisco. A pru 2, » n I'ranclaco.
! Week I Bun- TjPßtfnatlon SrN * I Wxik
I Days. 1 days, destination. DAYB | Day^
j 7:30 am 7:30 AMI Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
! 3:30 pm 9:30 am | Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
! 6:10 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 va
Fulton, ~~*
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur?,
Geyservllle, \
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 ph 6:15 pm
l'ieta, T"~
i 7:30 am Hopland <t 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15
7:30 am . 110:10 am
7:30 am GnernevlUe. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm \ 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am: 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 0:05 pm 6:15 pm
j j Glen Ellen. jgyi. &
I 7:30 am 1 7:30 ami sebastrt^i 110:40 AM 10:10 AM
i 3:30 ,5:00 pm| seDast< * >ol - j 6:05 pM 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Piet* for Highland
•Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and l-akoport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
I Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
1 Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lleriey'B, Bucknell't, San.
tied rlu Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Green
wood, (Jit's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, Covelo,
Layionviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates. ■; *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. \
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
0
Atlantic
BAILBOAD v^"^»Sr"»^^S«i^^^
Trains leave from and arrive <fi[sSK?e>S)s |X
at ilarket-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. M.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to <£|ca£»
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ror
Denver and St. Louis. FE ROUTE EXCUR.
The PoDUlar HA.NTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
! SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
• with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
.' through to destination. . . „..,
! The best railway from California to the East.
! New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery}
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Offlce-644 Market
Chronicle Bulldlne-
; . ■ ;
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 39, 1898.
WEEKDAYS. ■ '
Ftor Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8:00
! *9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. M.: »1!45, 3:20, 4:15.
6-16, *tt:00, <J:35 p. M.
Extra trips San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
oays and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
Wmt Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B :oo, *9:00,
•1000 11:30 a. m.;-»1-8J. »l:30, •2:15, *4:00,
6:80,6:46.8:30 p.m. Exuratrlv to Sausaiiioat
11 :00 a. M. .
Trains marked * run to Saa Quentin. ••ia«Si
r.M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. / ■'■: :. }■,
1 {45 P. v. weekdays— and way station*
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*
• UK) a. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes ana way station*
(.'.^BB^^&nM r BiK " is # a non-poinonoas
jjliliDii'fl ""HiuiCi r^nii'dy for Gonorrhoea,
OK EaT^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
inltos<i»T«.>|o whites, unnatural dig-
mßSm Guaranteed V charges, or any inflamma-
-14)1 oot to stiieture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
I" •Preranu conugion. tion of mucous mom-
RSImEYANS CHEMICHCO. bra °«»- Non-astringent.
«AciNCII(H*TI,O.^S *° Id by *>ruml*ta,
V. S.A. s§a ? r sent in plain wrapper.
1 <t^BMsat»J ■by express, prepaid, fur
■^*§Wto^J&W 1 1 .- 00 ' or 3 bottles, C^.7%
* >*iC3»n> 0 Circular sen* or - n«st.
£S|g3s|!ESf WILCOX COMPOUND
Tf WLLCOX
ANSYOP/LLS
Mmh.f i 8 *' 8 and SURE. Always reliable. Tafc»
; BOTODStltute. Forsalebyalldrucgists. »2.00. Bend
I 4c. for Woman- » Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFia
I CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.^UILADa:™SURPRISED THE
ASTUTE CLUNIE
W. S. Barnes Moves for
Dismissal of the Siebe
Case.
DUMFOUNDED THE JUDGE
The Assessor Prefers to Have a
Chance to Prove His In
nocence.
MANY AUTHORITIES QUOTED.
The Court Took the Motion Under
Advisement and Will Pass on
It Next Week.
District Attorney Barnes sprung a sen
sation in the Siebe case yesterday. When
Judge Wallace opened court, and before
Attorney A. J. Clunie could present his
prepared order of commitment. Mr. Barnes
knocked out all calculations by announc
ing that he wished to submit a motion to
dismiss the charge of perjury against the
Assessor.
Nearly every one in the courtroom was
completely surprised. Judge Wallace
stared and the attorneys looked most un
easy. A. J. Clunie was the first to regain
his speech.
"I object to the District Attorney mak
ing an argument of any kind in this case,"
said he. "He is not interested here, and I
submit that he has no right to make any
such argument as he proposes."
Judge Wallace, however, decided to
hear what Mr. Barnes had to say, remark
ing that the District Attorney has a right
as chief of the criminal department of the
City and County, to take part in any
criminal case.
Barnes then told how the Siebe perjury
case has occasioned him great anxiety by
clogging the criminal calendar in Depart
ment 6 and interfering with the working
of the Assessor's office. "Then again,"
said he, "the Assessor is a quasi-judicial
officer and as such responsible and cannot
be broueht to trial for an error of judg
ment. It must be shown that he has
acted corruptly hrst."
A large number of authorities were
quoted by Mr. Barnes to show that this is
tue state of the oresent case, and then At
torney Clunie showed that he had not
been taken entirely by surprise by getting
right in and glibly quoting a few" authori
ties that seemed to show the District At
torney to be wrong.
Clunie referred to the perjury charge
against Siebe in Judge Campbell's court,
and Mr. Barnes promptly announced that
he intended to also move its dismissal.
Then Clunie attacked Barnes' argument
on another side.
"There have been no new propositions
of law raised," said he. "All tnis has been
discussed before by Mr. Pillsbury and Mr.
McEnerney, and it has been passed upon
by your Honor. Mr. Barnes has no right
to make this motion unless he claims the
right to dismiss the case."
Attorney Friedenrich, representing
Siebe, said that the Assessor would prefer
that he be given a chance to prove the
value of the railroad property by calling
expert witnesses, but tnat the District
Attorney's motion was agreeable to him.
.1 udge" Wallace finally took the motion
under advisement and will pass upon the
matter on Wednesday next.
TO CONSERVE HEALTH.
Action Taken by the Committee Re-
cently Appointed at a Public
Sleeting.
An important step toward the protec
tion of the health of San Francisco was
taken yesterday by the adoption of the
following resolutions by the recently ap
pointed health committee:
Resolved, That it is the sense of the committee
appointed at the meeting in the Chamber of
Commerce May 2U, 1890, to discuss the public
health of the City and County of San Fran
cisco that the Board of Supervisors of said
City and County should appropriate the sum
of at least thirty-four thousand eight hundred
($34,800) dollars over and above the amounts
and sums appropriated in the year 1893 for
the Health Department for such additional in
spectors and expenses as to the Board of Health
shall seem expedient and necessary for the
better preservation of the public health in this
City; and further
Resolved, That it is the sense of the commit
tee that there should be established in this
City, Immediately, an ambulance system of
four wagons, at a cost not to exceed four thou
sand (.$4000) dollars and that the same should
tie maintained and that there should be es
taDhshed immediately a chemical and bac
teriological laboratory, at a cost not to exceed
three thousand ($3000) dollars.
Committee— Albert Castle of Pan Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, B. H. Tacy of Manufac
turers and Producers' Association; F. H. I)ohr
inanri, President of Merchants' Association; If. I).
Keil of Merchants' Association, Fred Talbot
of San Francisco Board of Trade: David
Rich, president of State Development society:
A. Sbarboro, president of Wine Association: J.
W. H. Cambell of Sao Francisco Produce Associa
tion, C. W. Tabor of Milkmen's Association, Rev.
Horatio Stebbins of Unitarian Society, 1. H. Morse
of San Francisco Fruit Exchange, Charles Mont
gomery of Hotel Men's Association.
II i (iii cm a 10, Chairman:
Isidob Jacobs, Secretary.
Among the prominent citizens who in
dorsed the resolutions are the following:
Levl Strauss: Adam Grant; J. D Phelan (presi
dent United Improvement Companies); Daniel
Meyer; A. P. Hotallng; George T. Marye: B.
yeweitzer; Sylvain Welll: London, Paris and
American Bank; .Brown Bros. & CO.; Hymns,
I'ausen <fe Co.; s, F. Friedlander & Co. : Greene
baum. Weil & Michaels; The Emporium
Company; . Kahn Bros.; Klein & Co.: Jules
.Levy & Bros.; Keuburger, Rein & Co.:
the Nevada Bank; the Anglo-Calltornian Bank
(Limited); Union Trust Company; Weils, largo
A Co. the Bai her Bank: the Crocker- Woolwortb
.National Bank; the American Bank and Trust
Company; the Bank of British >orth Amer
ica; Wanjfenhelm, Pternheim <t Co.; Anglo-
American Crockery Company; Newman, Levin
son & Co.; Hoicomb Brothers; Fontana &
Co.: California Canneries Company; Code,
Elfelt & Co.; Hosenthal, Feder <fc Co.:
Bank of British Columbia; Comptoir National
d'K.scompte de Paris: Citizens' Building and Loan
Association: Pacific Building and Loan Associa
tion: Bay City Building and .Loan Assocltlon; Oc
cidental Loan Association; Argonaut Mutual
Building and Loan Association; Kldorado Mutual
Building and Loan Association; M. 1. finer; S. N.
Wood & Co; Columbia Woolen Mills; LeCount
Bros.: Howe scale Manufacturing Company: H.
jevi<fcco: A. Schilling & Co; Harris Bros & Co. :
Eureka Building and Loan Association; Golden
West Building and Loan Association; Alia i>oan
Association: Kaston, Kidridgc & Co. ; Madison <fe
Burke: shainwald, Buckbee & Co. ; Dallemand &
Co.; .Rosenberg Bros.; Brigham, Hoppe & Co.:
Henry Caaipe & Co.; the D. E. Allison
Company; Jjnl ton Bros. Shea, Bocqueraz & Co.:
Guardian Loan Association; A. Zellerbach ft Co.:
W. H. Crim: A. J. Bich.Bovee; Toy <&sonntag;
Jacob Hevman: Baldwin <fe Hammond; B. F. Oli
ver: Pope A Talbot: Meyerfleld, Mitchell
A Co.: Walter Bros. & Co.; I^evison A .
Co.* Hooper <& Jennings; Arm eg & Dallam:
C. M. Voikman; Spruance, Stanley & Co.:
Goodyear Bobber Company'; lledington & Co.;
Porier, Messinger <fe Co. I.llienthnl it Co.: Sachs
Bros. * Co ; Esberg, Bachman & Co.; Haas
Bros.; Wichman, Lutgen & Co.: Cunningham,
Cuniss & Welch; Will & Flock Company;
Nolan Bros; San born <fc Vail; Davis Bros.;
Castle Bros. ; Mail .Sadler & Co.; M. J. Brandeu
stein & ''o.: Siebe Bros. & Placeman; Baker &
Hamilton: Tlllman <fc BendelJ C. W. Clark <& Co.;
Jos. Fredericks & Co.; Mack <fc Co.; War
ren <fe M alley: Moore, Hunt A Co. E. Messager,
Millar sios.Vit Co.; Naber, Alfa<& Bruno; Hawley
Brothers' Hardware Company: e-herwood & Sher
wood- M. Ehrmann & Co.; N. Van Bergen 4 Co.;
Shreve <ft Co.: Both, Blum & Co.; Samuel C. Ham
mond, president Butchers' Board of Trade;
Horn A Judge: George Loewenberg <fc
Co • J. G. James * Co.; 8. Mlverberg;
8. Koshland & Co. ; Williams, Brown it Co.;
Jonnson-iiocke Mercantile Company, Field, Sum*
& Co.; Getz Bros. & Co.: Oppenheimer & Bro. ;
S. Uinkelspiel & Co.; Cahn, Nickelsburi? & Co.;
i'oly, Heilbron & Co. ; James Hall.J. Scboenfeld,
Peter McCanii, H. Mofliit. S. Solomon.
PATRIOTIC FIREWORKS.
Fourth of July Committee Call on MLer-
chants to Discuss the Plans of
the Celebration.
The invitation and reception committee
of the Fourth of July Committee met
Thursday afternoon. It was presided over
by Edwin L. Forster.
Mrs. Vidaver reported having received
replies from orphan asylums as follows:
Hebrew Orphan Asylum would send 100
children, San Francisco Nursery 50 chil
dren. The Maria Kip, Roman Catholic
and Boys' and Girls' Aid had made other
arrangements and could not therefore ac
cept of the hospitality of the committee.
It was resolved to visit the asylums in
person, and the duty was relegated as
follows:
San Francisco Fruit and Flower Mission, to
Mrs. J. Murray Bailey; Protestant Orphan
Asylum, Mrs. Nellie H. Blinn; Little Sisters'
Infant Shelter, Edwin L. Forster; Protection
Relief Society, Mrs. Mariner Campbell; San
Francisco Boys' Clud, Willian Dazelle; City
Front Boys' Club, I. C. J. Truman; Girls'
Directory," Mrs. M. Sanderson; Newsboys'
Home, Mrs. Hester Harland; Fiich Orpnans'
Home, Fruitvale, I. C. J. Truman; Youths'
Directory, I. C. J. Trumau.
The following representatives of Parlors
N. D. G. W. were added to the committee:
Alta Parlor No. 3, Miss Mary Richter, Mrs.
George W. Perkins; Fremont No. 39, Mrs. M.
Sanderson, Miss Gertie Campbell; Las Lomas
No. 72, Mrs. M. Daggett, Miss Rosa M. Ball;
La Kstrella No. 89, Mrs. H. Bennett, Lucy A.
Barbich.
The following were also added to the
committee:
Mrs. H. O. Steams, Mrs. J. Murray Bailey,
Clara I. Long, R. J. Andrews, Nellie H. Blinn
and Hester A. Harland.
THOSE IMPS OF FRENCH VERBS TANTALIZING A GIRL .STUDENT.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
It was ordered that each child taking 1
part in the parade be given a small Ameri
can flag to carry and each band a box of I
firecrackers to be fired along the line of
march.
The Fourth of July Committee has pre
pared the following letter to be forwarded |
to the merchants:
To the Merchants and Businett Men of San
FrancUco— Gentlemen : The committee on
decorations of the Fourth ol July celebration,
1896, have under consideration several pians
in connection with the patriotic displays to be
made on that occasion, and it is their desire to
advance the interests of the City generally,
with which your individual interests are so j
i intimately blended.
At the last meeting of the committee the ;
chairman was instructed to issue a circular
address inviting you to attend a meeting to be
held in the Assembly rooms, Mills building,
on Tuesday evening, June lU, at 7:3oo'clock,
to discuss the plans referred to.
One plan proposes an artistic patriotic j
illumination of the central part of the City, to j
be ready and in operation on the evening of !
July 2 and to continue through the night of ]
July 4. This being extensively advertised im- |
mediately will, it is believed, not only en- j
nance the patriotic zeal of our own citizens, |
but will attract from all parts of the State to
this City during the three days of the illumi- 1
nation large crowds of visitors anxious to wit
ness this patriotic display. It is hardly neces
sary to suggest that this large influx of visitors
will result in pecuniary advantages to our
business men very largely in excess of the out
lay incurred.
it has also been decided that in lieu of the
old plan having set pieces of fireworks in re- j
mote and comparatively inaccessible parts of i
the City the executive committee be requested
to provide for setting off bombs, rockets and
illuminating fires on the public squares and
suitable places contiguous to the central, busy j
parts of the City during the illuminations.
On these and kindred topics free discussion j
will be had, in which you are cordially in
vited to participate. As this is of great inter- !
est to you Individually do not fail to attend, j
Respectfully yours, W. 11. I»avis,
Chairman Committee on Decorations.
Adrian R. Smith,
Secretary Fourth of July Committee.
IN FOR THE RATIFICATION.
The Thirty-Fifth District Will Turn Oat i
With a Big Membership.
The Thirty-fifth Assembly District Ke- I
publican Club at a meeting of itsexecu-j
tive committee held on last Thursday j
evening decided to turn out on the night j
upon which the ratification of the St. I
Louis nominee will be held in this City.
For that purpose the following members \
were appointed as a special committee to j
co-operate with tte regular officers of the
club to maice final arrangements for the
parade: J. W. Murphy, E. A. Grant, W.
R. Plumbe, Elgin McNab, P. J. Hyde and
J. F. Battler. Those with I'resident V.
F. Northrop, C. M. Depew, ft. H. Stafford,
C. L. Heldemark and E. H. Herrick have
fulL power to act in the premises. The
members of the club have signified their
intention of getting the drill corps in
readiness for the occasion. This, with a
band of music, will maice the grand parade
a leading feature and bring into notice
able prominence the crack club of the
Thirty-fifth District.
Duron Kelly has been honored with the
insignia of marshal for the occasion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
IT WAS UNDER
GRADUATES' DAY
Music, Fun and French at
the Girls' High
School.
THOSE DEVILS OF VERBS
Wees of a Sweet Girl Graduate
Over Her French Told
in Song.
THE SCHOOL'S CURRICULUM.
Work of the Departments Personified
ia a Play by the Young
Lady Students.
Yesterday waa undergraduates' day at
the Girls' High School, and the young
misses had their part of the commence
ment-week festivities.
The exercises took place in the after
noon, and the large auditorium of the
building was filled with ninth-grade pupils
and their relatives long before the exer
cises began. A musical programme was
given under the direction of one of the
young ladies.
The choruses were led by Miss Grade
Davis, the possessor of a beautiful soprano
voice, and Roscoe Warren Lucy accom
panied on the piano.
The principal number on the order of
exercises was a representation of the curri
culum of the school by the students; the
idea, a novel one, designed by Mrs. Dean.
The entire performance hangs upon a
story of an undergraduate girl who won
ders what difficulties she will meet as she
enters her senior year and the spirits of
algebra, geometry, history, English, Latin,
Greek, etc., appear and answer her ques- I
tioning.
Another pretty feature of the afternoon
entertainment was a musical farce by the
French class called "Ces Diables de
Verbes," a very demoniacal idea for sweet
girl graduates and especially the timia
"undergrada" to think about.
The story runs that a sad and weary
student student (Miss Grace Davis) opens
her tantalizing French grammar, and the
verbs swarm out like Pandora's plagues,
and circling around her introduce them
selves as "Nous sommes diables,'' a free
translation of which is, "We are some
devils."
Then these Parisian young lady imps,
looking very charming in their cloaks of
Mephisto red, notwithstanding their frank
confession regarding their character, be
gan to entertain their victim by a song, of
which the following is a translation:
I am a. Loner (to praise),
A devil, sharp though petit";
To study me you'll find is meet.
lam Envoyer(to send).
They call me not so very bad,
Yet often I make pupils sad.
I am Cuelllir (to gather).
Never be frightened although you see
In the future 1 change i to c.
I am Dire (to say).
Fe. fie ! Why don't you see the difference
Between my imperfect and present tense?
Avoir (to have) and Ktre (to be) —
Yon'll readily see
How initioriant are we.
Then freely we tell ;
Study us well.
I am Ailer (to go).
I seem bo debonair and gay,
Yet oft 1 turn black hair to gray.
And so they «o on until the girl's dusky
tresses threaten to take on another color;
but she overcomes the impish verbs— in
other words, "buckles in and jrets her les
sons," and as a reward two fairies, who
somehow had become lost among the leaves
of the grammar, fly out and begin to sing:
Oh, maiden fair to see,
We welcome thee
With vio'.ets dim and roses red
And daisicK white
And the tlur
Del Salvador,
We'll crown your head.
'Tis a Just reward
For the chosen few
Who love La France,
Adieu, ad ten, adieu.
Sued for Damage*.
John O'Malley, a stevedore, has sued the
Oregon Improvement Company for $5000 dam
ages for injuries received while operating
machinery for unloading one of their ships.
COMMEND CRESWELL.
Merchants Assure Him of Their Hearty
Co-Operation in the Securing of
Precinct Officers.
The Merchants' Association has for
warded the following letter to City and
County Attorney H. T. Creswell:
Hon. Harry T. Crenwell, City and County At
torney, New City Hall— Dear Sir: The wise and
patriotic plan proposed by you to secure ef
ficient and trustworthy precinct officers for
the approaching election deserves the hearty
approval and encouragement of all public
spirited citizens of San Francisco.
The Merchants' Association desires to co
operate with you and the Election Commis
sioners in securing favorable responses to the
circular letter about to be issued by your hon
orable board. If you will, therefore, kindly
send to this office an advance copy of the pro
posed circular, our board of directors will
issue a special letter to each of the 457 busi
ness firms belonging to the association, calling
their immediiite attention to the necessity of
responding favorably to the inquiries of your
honorable Board o£ Election Commissioners.
Again assuring you and the Election Com
missioners of the cordial support of the Mer
chants' Association in all measures insuring a
full vote and a sure count at the general elec
tion on November 3, we remain sincerely
yours, Merchants' association.
F. W. Dohrmann, President.
J. Richard Freud, Secretary.
A letter was received yesterday by the
merchants from the Chamber of Com
merce stating that that body would sena
E. A. Selfridge and Edward E. Kentfield
as delegates to the Municipal Charter
Convention.
The Coroner's Writ.
The hearing of Coroner Hawkins' writ of
prohibition in the Sonderup case was post
poned in Judge Murphy's court yesterday be
cause of the serious illness of Professor Clark.
His physician. Dr. M. J. Richardson, testified
that he'was physically unable to appear. The
case went over till to-day.
'TIS BUT A MEMORY NOW
The Lick Old Ladies' Home
Is a Thing of the
Past.
It Will Be Known Hereafter as the
University Mound Oid Ladies'
Home.
Judge Murphy yesterday granted the
application of the "Lick Old Ladies'
Home," praying that the name of that in
stitution be changed to "The University
Mound Old Ladies' Home."
The petition was presented by the sur
viving executors of the trust of James
Lick, who established the home— A. B.
Forbes, Robert McElroy and E. W. New
hall. The reasons given for the desired
change were:
"First— That the name of a person being
connected with or forming part of the
corporate name of an eleemosynary insti
tution militates against and interferes
with and prevents many charitable be
quests coming to the support of the insti
tution, which would otherwise be made
to it if the institution bore a general
name.
"Second— That a general name would
promote the interests of the institution
and be in keeping with the intent and pur
pose of the founder."
When James Lick founded the Old
Ladies' Home he created a trust of $100,
-000 to support it. The State of California
also allowed it $100 a month. The Legis
lature's aid was, however, withdrawn and
tne income from the original investment
has been found insufficient to meet the
current expenses. The $100,000 has
dwindled until now only $00,000 remains.
This is invested at 6 per cent, bringing a
monthly return of $300.
There have been in all about eighty-five
inmates cared for in the Lick Home, but
there are at present only thirty.
Judge Murphy, before tie granted the pe
tition, said he did not see why the name of
the man who originally endowed a charit
able institution should not be perpetuated
in the title of that institution. However,
as it probably would be advantageous to
the institution, and on that ground ac
ceptable to its founder, he would grant
the request.
» — ♦ • .
Another Street-Railroad Case.
The Market-street Railway Company has
been sued for $5000 damages for injuries in
flicted on the minor son of Herman SteftVns.
Young Steffens was driving along Spear street,
when his vehicle was run into by a Market
streetcar, and the driver thrown out and in
jured.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
IN DEFENSE OF
A FREE PRESS.
Lovers of Liberty and Per
sonal Rights Are
Aroused.
READY TO REORGANIZE.
Editor Barry Takes Up the
Fight in the Star With
Vigor.
HE SCORES JUDGE CATLIN.
A Constitutional Amendment Wanted
to Protect Editors From
Ju J ges.
A concerted and vigorous cftort will be
made to reorganize the Free Tress Defense
Association, which waged a victorious bat
tle five years ago on behalf of free speech.
The association will also lend its endea
vors toward having an amendment to the
constitution of California adopted so that
editors may not be at the mercy of Judges
whom they criticize.
The proposed revival of the Defense As
sociation has been brought about by the
recent action of Judge Catlin of Sacra
mento in committing Charles K. Mc-
Clatchey of the Bee to jail f0r 250 days.with
the alternative of a fine of $500. This grew
out of contempt proceedings. It is now
claimed by interested citizens of this City
that the punishment imposed on Editor
McClatchey was a violation of what is
known as the Barry contempt law.
That law was passed by an almost unani
mous vote by the Legislature of 1891, and
emphatically deprives a Judge of the arbi
trary power to summarily punish a critic
for contempt. It reads as follows:
No speech, statement or publication reflect
ing upon or concerning any court, or any ofli
eer thereof, shall be treated or punished as a
contempt of such court unless made in the
immediiite presence of sucli court while in ses
sion, and in such a manner as to actually in
terfere with its proceedings.
Editor Barry of the Star has championed
the cause, not for McClatchey, but lor the
principle involved, as he himself says. In
this week's Star he says editorially upon
the subject in the course of a long, leading
article:
The constitution provides that "every citi
zen may freely speak, write and pubiish his
sentiments on all subjects, being responsible
for the abuse of that right.
If Editor McClatchey libeled the Judge that
dignitary could, like any other citizen, have
prosecuted liiin for libel, where the accused
and accuser would be upon an equal footing,
and the truth or falsity of the charges be
passed upon by a jury before an impartial
tribunal. * * *
He convicted a man without giving him
privileges that would not be denied to any
common felon. * * *
When a Judge thus claims that he has the
"inherent right" to punish a critic for con
tempt he may not be a judicial scoundrel, but
many people will think Jhat he is.
It "is not only McClatchey the editor, but
also McClatchey the citizen, who has been out
raged, and through him all the people, whose
laws have been delied.
As the individual, Editor McClatchey may be
no more, no less, than any other citizen; but
as the representative of a great principle he
must be defended by all who regard common
justice as worth fighting for.
Regarding the Free Press Defense Asso
ciation he says:
The Free Press Defense Association should
Bt once be reorganized, and prepare to fight
the old battle of live years ago over tigain. As
the Supreme Court may, like Judge Catlin, de
cide that the Barry law is unconstitutional, we
should insist that all legislative candidates
pledge themselves to vote ior a constitutional
amendment which no court, however arro
gant, would dare to override.
Mass-meetings should be held throughout
the State to voice the public indignation
which we know so generally exists, and the
press should echo that indignation in trumpet
tones. For ourselves, we wre in the right to a
finish, mid the fear of Judge-made law and
prison bars shall never deter us from writing
the truth concerning any public servant, par
ticularly a judicial public servant.
"The Free Press Defense Association is
to be organized at once," said Mr. Barry
last night, "and it will he even stronger
and more influential than ever before.
When it was organized five years ago it
had bucli well-known men as Congress
man Masuire, Joseph Leggett, Stewart
Menzies, L. M. Manzer (ex-president of the
Federated Trades and ex-Superintendent of
Streets), W. J. B. Mackay (formerly editor
of the Coast Seamen's Journal), Daniel
Farquharson (the banker), A. Sbarboro,
Charles Mail, Charles A. Sumner, Senator
McUowan and others. The Republican
and Democratic conventions of that year
indorsed the measure. The Call was the
first paper to take up the matter, and the
Bee was the first paper outside of San
Francisco. I can assure you the people
are aroused over this question, and, with
the association in good working order, an
effort will be made to have an
amendment to the constitution adopted
that shali preclude the possibility of the
Supreme Court or any other court riding
over this law."
THE BICYCLE PARADE.
No More Wheel Contests Will Take
Place at Central Park at
Present.
At a meeting of the Cycle Board of Trade
last evening it was decided on the part of that
body to abandon the Central Park bicycle
tract.' Lack of interest or enthusiasm on the
part of the clubs and public led to this deci
sion.
It was determined on the part of the Cycle
Board of Trade to make the great bicycle pa
rade, which is to take place on the evening of
July 2T>, a complete success. The following
prizes will be given:
Beat decorated single bicycle, a suit or uniform;
best decorated tandem, two pairs of bicyce cuff
butioi:s: best club turnout, a pennant; best, club
appearance, a pennant; most unique transparency,
a pair of Morgan it Wright tires; most antiquated
turnout, an appropriate prize.
Dr. Rottanzi and I. Schwartz of tne South
Side Improvement Club were present and
stated a» their club intended soon to celebrate
the bitunninzing of the Folsom-street boule
vard they desired to join the parade festivities
and the celebration together if possible. The
proposition whs received favorably and the
two affairs will probably take place ou the
same evening.
AN INDUSTRIAL THIEF.
An Unemployed Mnjor-General Arrested
for Stealing a Bicycle.
William Martin, also known as Van R.
Carpenter, was arrested on Thursday
night on Sixth street by Sergeant Davis
and Detective Harper, while trying to dis
pose of a bicycle that had evidently been
stolen.
Martin has had a decidedly checkered
career. In 1884 he was sent from Ventura
County to the State Prison for grand lar
ceny and three years later from Contra
Costa County for a similar offense. Since
then he has served several terms for
thieving.
Finally finding that thieving was not a
profitable business Martin started out to
win military honors for himself, and the
first opening that presented itself was in
the Industrial Army ol unemployed that
was camped in Sacramento. Martin with
little effort reached the honors of major
general of the first division to leave Sacra
mento. He was then known under the
name of Carpenter. His military honors
lasted only so long as the "army" con
tinued on the road. When this body dis
banded Martin drifted back into private
life again and spent much of his time en
deavoring to keep out of the clutches of
the law.
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
It Will Parade When the President Is
Nominated .
The Continental (Republican) League 19
only a few months old, but it has a big
and growing membership and will mak^
its influence felt in the campaign. Frank
D. Worth is president of the league, Will
E. Fisher and W. T. Kibbler vice-presi
dents, Maurice L. Asher recording secre
tary, W. R. Jost Jr. treasurer and B. L.
Hesseltine financial secretary.
At its session last night 165 new mem
bers were admitted and applications wer*e
received from seventy-six citizens and re
ferred to the membershiD committee.
President Worth stated that the Presi
dential ratification would be held in this
City next Saturday. All preparations for
a grand parade on that occasion have been
made by the league.
Its large and handsome satin Danner
will be carried by four men. Badges, flags
and lanterns will be provided, and all
members are requested to be on hand
when formally notified, and also to bring
their friends with them. The finances of
the league are in a highly prosperous con
dition, its members are active and enthusi
astic, and a bit; and imposing turnout is
confidently anticipated.
After the routine business had been
transacted there were short speeches by
W. E. Fisher, Dr. B. F. Fleming, Amos
Currier and songs and recitations by the
Glee Club and Messrs. Covey, Conley,
Roney and Sharp.
AT SUTRO BATHS.
A Special Disappearing Act Will Be a
Feature To-Day.
To-day and to-morrow afternoon and
evening a very interesting programme
will be given at Sutro Baths. In addition
to the regular racing and diving exhibi
tion by the San Francisco Swimming
Club Rathbun and Rand will do their
great triple-bar novelty. The Leonis ap
pear in a new act on the Roman rings and
Dana Thompson will give a mystifying
disappearing act. He will dive into the
water from a boat fuily clothed and dis
appear under the surface, remain under
the water fully twenty minutes, reappear
ing in an entire change of costume. Both
his disappearance and reappearance will
take place in the middle of the mammoth
tank and in full view of the audience.
There will also be a tight-rope exhibi
tion from the top of the supports of the
Firth Wheel by Professor Seal Williams
at 3 o'clock each afternoon.
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
The San Francisco Summer Girl in Picture and Verse.
Three San Francisco Girls, Seven Days in Paris, and Their
Shopping Tour of the Bon Marche.
The Wonderful Infant Artist of Folsom Street
A Mountainside Crypt Full of Human Skulls.
The Man Who Ate 10,950 Beefsteaks Consecutively.
Four Picturesque Wrecks.
Life Sketches of the Famous Discoverer, Dr. Gustav Eisen.
A High Jinks That Was on Top.
For Another Wink in the Morning.
A Study of Horses' Hocks.
Advantages of Athletic Training.
The Patriotism of Two American Girls.
A Corner for the Whist Players.
New Things for Men to Wear.
The Fashions for the Women.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
A China fare
AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
I Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7Uo
each.
I Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete. 60 pieces,
$4 65 and $5 25. «
Decorated Toilet Sot, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsb&d China, exquisitely decora-
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
■ The kind and quality others charge $25.
—
Great AmericanlmportinE Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission St. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore it.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth at.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3359 Mission st.
52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.
wh Trif
iaKe m
'Coarse I'll take it. Ain't no bettor'n
STANDARD Shirts anywhere. I see 'm in
every store.' I want the best, I does."
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The managers of the National Athletic f
Club feel happy, because the entertainment
they propose giving at the Pavilion will
not be interfered with by the authorities. |
The boxers who will spar on this occasion j
are now in first-class condition, and a good j
evening's sport is assured. .
The wheelmen have planned several
road races for to-morrow.
The oarsmen are in strict training for
the races which will be held in Stockton j
rm July 4. Trie contest between crews
from the Pioneer and South End ooating
clubs will, it is thought, be the feature of :
the day's sport.
Coursine, handball, rifle-shooting and
other pastimes are Having good support.
•
THE WHEELMEN.
Great Interest Being Manifested In
the League Meet on July 4.
CLCB EVENTS TO-MORROW.
Acme Club Wheelmen— Road Race,
Fruitvale to Haywards.
Camera Club Cyclists— Bun to Camp
Taylor.
Liberty Cycling Club— to Camp
Taylor.
Olympic Club Wheelmen — Run to
Woodsi'le.
Reliance Club Wheelmen — Run to
V dodside.
San Francisco Road Club— Run to Napa.
The annual race meet of the North Cali- j
fornia Division, League of American j
Wheelmen, will be held this year at Peta
luma on July 4 and 5, under the auspices
of the Petaluma Wheelmen, who are striv
ing hard to make it a big success. The
fact that the division has grown so in
membership and power during the admin
istration of Chief Consul Kerrigan has
tended to give the meet greater importance
than ever before, and it will doubtless be j
attended by nearly all the league mem- j
bers in North California and by hundreds
of wheelmen from this City. Besides the
racing on Saturday, the 4th, there have
been arranged a smoker for the night of
the 3d, a bicycle lantern parade for valu
able prizes on the night of the 4th, and in
fact such a succession of events from Fri
day to Sunday evening that if visitors ex
pect to take in everything they will have j
little or no tiree for rest or sleep. i
Of course the bicycle races to be run Sat- I
urday afternoon will be the big feature ot
the meet. The following progamme of
events and prizes has. been arranged : i
One mile division championship amateur, ]
L- A. \V.— Three L. A. W. medals. I
Half-mile scratch, professional— s6o. $30, j
"* Half-mile scratch, amateur— Gold watch,
SF3S; suit to order, $25; gold sleeve buttons,
Sl7 50.
One mile handicap, professional— sßs, $40,
S-=l">.
S One mile handicap, amateur— Gold watch or
suit to order, $35; diamond sleeve buttons,
$-5; trousers, $10.
One mile scratch tandem, one team from
each club, amateur— prize, $20 prize.
Entries close at Petaluma on June 26.
The races will be run on the four-lap track j
of the Petaluma wheelmen, which was |
first opened last year and has since been
improved upon until now it is without
doubt the best quarter-mile track on the
coast. The surface is laid with a peculiar
cement rocK, allowing a smooth finish and
giving it great speed qualities. It has
been especially prepared for the division
meet and altogether the track will be
found fast and absolutely safe at any rate
of speed. Ten men may be started in a
scratch event. Some of the track dimen
sions are: Home stretch, 35 feet wide;
back stretch, 40 feet; turns 25 to 30 feet.
Some new features are to be introduced
at this meet, which will tend to enliven
the contests considerably. The breaking
of a world's record will be rewarded ; if
by a professional, with $100 in gold coin;
if by* an amateur, with a $35 diamond.
Some of the other inducements offered for
speed are :
For the rider ahead at end of first lap in the
final of the half-mile scratch, amateur, $15
prize. i
For the rider ahead at end of first lap in the ]
final of the half-mile scratch, professional,
$15 gold coin.
Ii 1 :08, or better, is made in events No. 2or
No. 3. $15 coin or $15 prize additional to
winner.
The general committee on Fourth ot July
parade has provided prizes for clubs and in
dividual riders as follows: ChiD, first, $40
cup; second, $15; individual, $10 prize.
Entry blanks for the races may be se
cured by addressing Thomas Maclay. secre
tary race meet committee Petaluma
Wheelmen, Petaluma, Cal., and to him
all entry blanks should be returned when
filled out.
It is the duty of every league member
in California to lend his support to the
division meet and help to make it a suc
cess, and from the hearty way in which
the big city clubs and the division officers
are taking hold' of the affair, it seems
likeiy to be one of the largest meets and
biggest cycling functions ever held in the
State. The league has grown in popular
ity and importance to such a degree that a
league member now feels that he amounts
to someting besides merely belonging to a
wheeling organization together with fifty
thousand other souls. And the ad
vantages to be gained from a membership
in the league are so many, at a minimum
of expense, $1 per year, that it seems
poor economy for any wheelman not to
join. Applications and fuli data regard
ing the league may be had by addressing
the cycling editor of The Call.
The following is the weekly bulletin
issued by the racing board: v- >r,.^_ :
'Bulletin No. 14.] June 12, 1896.
Sanctions granted— June 13, Compton Cycle
Club, Compton, Cal.; June 13, Lowell and
Polytechnic high schools, San Francisco, Cal.;
July 23, 24 and 25, M. N. Winans & Co. and
Sacramento Indoor Tournament, Sacramento,
Cal.
Suspended for competing in unsanctioned
races at Fresno, May 31— E. W. Decker, R. G.
Barton, R. D. Heriot. John Hertwick, Edward
Hertwiek, J. D. Baker, Arnold Johnson,- Wil
liam Farmer, — Logan. — Haasberger, Fresno;
W. J. Bell. Ed Meyers, — Baker, Visalia; A.
Hoag, Fowler; —Ritchie, Hanford, until July
1, 1896.
Pacific Coast records accepted— Two-thirds
of a mile competition, professional, C. R. Coul
ter, Tucson, Ariz., June 2, 1890, 1:27 2-5: one
mile competition, professional, C. R. Coulter,
Tucson, Ariz., June 2, 1896, 2:12 4-5.
Official referees.— The attention of race pro
moters is called to rule F, relating to official
referees. The persons qualified to act as such
on the Pacific Coast are, at large: R. M. Welch,
Han Francisco, member National Racing
Board; San ford Plummer, San Francisco, ap
pointee of National Racing Board. Northern
California— Al G. Col, San Jose; R. M. Thomp
son, Fresno, members of the Division Racing
Board. Northern California and Nevada— R.
A. Smyth, San Francisco, official' handicapper.
Southern California— H. ('. F. Smith, Los An
geles, representative National Racing Board
and handicapper. Arizona —W. L. Pinney,
Phoenix, representative National Racing
Board; H. A. Drachman, Tucson, official hand
icapper. Utah, Montana and Idaho — George
B. Bras tow. Salt Lake, representative National
Racing Board; Edward H. Scott. Sail Lake, offi
cial handi-capper. Washington—Dorr,Taco
ma, representative National Racing Board; \V.
M. Newton, Taeoma, official handicapper. Ore
gon—Carroll E. Hughes, Portland, representa
tive National Racing Board; A. B. McAlpin,
Portland, official handicapper. ...
When it is Impossible to obtain the services
of an official referee the member of the board
in charge of the district will appoint a special
referee for the occasion. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
The meeting of the California Cycling
Club last Monday evening was largely at
tended. Captain Mayo read a very well
written report of the Sunday's club run to
San Leandro. Haywards and Lake Chabot.
The mile handicap road race held by the
club at San Leandro last Sunday was won
by Van Dyne, with Birdsall second and
Theisen third. The time of the fastest
heat was 2:23. The club will celebrate its
fourth anniversary with the annual club
dinner, to be held on the evening of June
27. Indications point to a large attend
ance and a pleasant time
Many members of the California Cycling
Club are in training for the five-mile road
race to be held on Sunday, June 21. The
list of entries is already large. A new
course has been selected, starting on the
backstretch of the triangle, near San
Leandro, following the triangle course to
the junction of Haywards road and finish
ing in Haywards. While not official, the
course is fast, aa the roads are good and
the turns safe. A club smoker is one of
the events of the near future planned by
the Californias.
What promises to be one of the prettiest
races of the year'will be that scheduled to
take nlace at Manhattan Beach track July
25, between Walter Sanger, Eddie Bald
and Tom Cooper, three of the fastest men
on the American track. The match was
arranged by Dan Smith, representing the
New York Herald, and the occasion will
be the annual Herald meet for the benefit
of its free-ice fund. Otto Ziegler. Cali
fornia's star, and W. W. Hamilton of
Denver have also been invited to compete.
The prizes will be $300, $150 and $100. The
race will be paced throughout.
The Liberty Cycling Club will have a
run to-morrow under Captain Beattie to
Camp Taylor, taking the 8 a. m. Sausalito
boat and train to San Anselino.
W T alter O'Brien, first lieutenant of the
Garden City Cyclers of San Jose, has been
promoted to the captaincy, made vacant
by the resignation of Joseph B. Carey.
Cnarles Jarman will take Mr. O'Brien's
former office of lieutenant.
Dan E. Whitman, the speedy Los Ange
les rider, is in the City, and will ride at
the league meet at Petaluma on July 4.
He is in good shape and is riding faster
than ever before.
Captain Argenti has arranged a picnic
run of the Camera Club Cyclists for to
morrow to the vicinity of Camp Taylor.
The party will leave on the Ba. m. Sau
salito ferry and take the train as tar as
San Anselmo. Those not desiring to ride
the entire distance from there can proceed
by train to San Geronimo and there await
those who start from San Anselmo, thus
avoiding that bugbear of ;he Camp Taylor
trip, Whites Hill, which is not such a
hard climb after all, once you have reached
the top of it. A picturesque place will be
chosen on the Lagunitas Creek for lunch
ing. The entire distance round trip is but
22 miles from San Anselmo or 12 miles
from San Geronimo, and it is such easy
pleasant riding it is expected a great many
of the ladies of the club will make the
trip.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will give
a party next Tuesday evening at its new
clnbrooms, Howard and Seventeenth
streets. In about a fortnight the club will
hold a tryout over the San Mateo-San
Carlos course to select a team for the.
twenty-mile Associated Clubs race next
month.
There seems to be some misunderstand
ing among those interested in cycle-racing
here as to the exact whereabouts of
Charley Wells, and the report was current
yesterday that he had returned to this
City. As stated in The Call last Satur
day, Wells was taken ill in Los Angeles
and the circuit-ci;asers went East without
him, but he has since followed on and is
now at Galveston, Tex., and ha 3no idea
of returning to the coast at present.
R. P. Aylward, Ziegler's trainer, writes
me from Galveston that Ziegler would tile
charges with the National racing board
against Tom Cooper and George Grant lor
an alleged foul during the one-mile pro
fessional race at Chester Park, Cincinnati,
May 16. The matter is creating an im
mense amount of talk in Eastern wheeling
circles where it has become known, as
Cooper and Grant would undoubtedly be
suspended if Ziegler's claims of crooked
work on their part were proven, and he
is said to have a strong case. Aylward
says that Ziegler paced the first lap of the
race and then dropped back, waiting for
some oue else to come to the front, but no
one would and he had to keep the pace.
On the last lap he was leading on the pole
and heard Grant yell to Cooper, "Come on,
Tom, I'll pull you through. Then. Zieg
ler alleges, Grant deliberately crowded him
off the track on to the grass and
kept him off for some distance, and
when Ziegler got back on the tracfc he
was fuliy twenty yards behind, with
Grant, Allen and Cooper setting a
hot clip for the tape. Ziegler, however,
kept right after them and managed to
land in third place, with Cooper first, Al
len second and Grant fourth. Zitgier
protested to Referee Croninger, who
promptly disqualified Grant for the next
event. Ziegler and Grant had a heated
discussion at the training quarters after
the race, and Grant later apologized to
Ziegler for his alleged act. From the
grand stand it was plainly visible that
Ziegler was forced off the track, but how it
occurred could not be seen.
It is quite likely that Cooper and Grant
may be indefinitely suspended for this
piece of crooked work. The two have been
working together on some "t>ot-hunting'
trip 3 and twice rode against Ziegler, who
competed, though out of condition, at the
request of the meet promoters, as he is a
great drawing card. Cooper and Grant
have thus far not ridden on the National
circuit, and they would not dare to try
such tricks there. One can imagine them
trying to crowd off Wells or Terrill, Bald,
Sanger or Coulter, all 200-pounders. They
would never know what struck them.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen of this
City and the Reliance Club Wheelmen of
Oakland will have a joint club run to-mor
row to Woodside, San Mateo County, via
Redwood City. Both clubs expect to turn
out in large numbers and the trip should
be a pleasant one.
The defeat of John S. Johnson abroad
by three foreign riders has been the sub
ject of considerable comment. That this
rider, who has proved himself a prize
winner and champion on this side of the
water, should be so unmercifully trounced
by men who would not stand a ghost of a
show against at least four American
riders, is 1 naturally a matter that has
proved irritable to the sensitive natures of
Americans who look upon successful con
quests in Europe as a matter of course.
But it must be understood that racing in
France is much different from the way it
is conducted in this country. Over there
a champion cyclist is the envied of the
I envied. He is feted and treated like a
lord while his star is in the ascendency,
but let him fall and the sympathies of the
people fly to his conqueror. Naturally
an intrepid race, the Frenchmen make
the most of their nerve, particularly in
cycle racing, where there are so many
competitors, and where it is a hard matter
to remain on top very long. The tracks
over there are very small and well banked.
To see the riders skurrying around the
turns or into the stretch is worth going
miles to witness. They do not know what
fear is, and American racing men must be
come accustomed to such competition.
The method of pacemaking in vogue in
France has been cot down to a system,
and French racing men know how to fol
low pace. Under such circumstances it is
not to be wondered at that Johnson has as
yet made but a poor showing. Three more
Americans will soon be competing on the
other side, Wheeler, Murphy and Riser.
Wheeler understands the tactics of the
men he must meet, for he has defeated the
best of them in international champion
ships. Riser and Murphy will soon be
initiated.
There will be three bicycle road races
held at Watsonville on July 3 in conjunc
tion with the Independence day celebra
tion there. The distances are one- third,
one-half and six and one-half miles, and
liberal prizes are offered.
The wheelmen of Eureka Valley have
organized the Golden Gate Wheelmen for
social purposes and to place the sport on a
better footing in that part of town. The
officers of the club propose to do every
thing possible to make the club both a so
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OLYMPIC CLUB WHEELMEN.
cial and a cycling success. The club, only
organized a few days ago, has a member
ship of thirty, and at the next meeting
about ten more names will be voted on.
There will be forty chatter members. The
following officers have been elected for
the ensuing term: President, Charles
Nagle; vice-president, E. Douglas; secre
tary. William Cooney; financial secretary,
J. "Morgan; treasurer, Harry Fee; cap
tain, William Feiling; first lieutenant,
Rube Martin; second lieutenant, E. Bitfgs.
John F. Cunningham of Levi Strauss &
Co. and P. H. Farrell of Neu3tadter Bros,
will start to-day on a wheeling trip
through Lake County.
The members of the San Francisco Road
Club will take the steamer Zinfandel at 11
o'clock to-night for Napa and wheel to the
various points of interest there to-morrow.
Captain Pixley expects a large turnout.
Clarence N. Ravlin of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen has returned to his former
position as cycling editor of the Chronicle
in place of B. B. Vincent.
The Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland
will hold a road race to-morrow from
Fruitvale to Ilaywards, starting from
High street, Fruitvale. at 11 a. m. The
finish will be at Haywards, via San Lean
dro and San Lorenzo, following two
sides of the San Leandro triangle instead
of the usual straightaway course. This is
necessary, as the road between S:tn Lean
dro and Haywards is in poor condition.
The following are the entries and handi
caps as arranged by Captain Swain: J. J.
Gallagher, 4 minutes; J. Roth, 3:30; G.
Westphal, 3; G. A. Wvman and F. Simen,
2:45; J. H. Otey, 2:30; T. Schleuter, H.
Hutchinson and V. J. Galindo, 2; J. A.
Ciymer, C. H. Staples, A. H. Agnew and
F.'Cortage, 1:45; E. J. Smith, 1:30; A. S.
McDougall, 1; P. M. Lefevre, G. H. Crafts,
G. A. Mssen, M. F. Rose and J. R. Samp
son, scratch.
The regular meeting of the board of
officers of the North California Division,
League of American* Wheelmen, will be
held this evening at t c rooms of the Re
liance Club, Oakland, at 8 o'clock.
J. E. Edwards, the popular Olympic
racer, is enjoying a tandem trip with a
friend through Santa Clara and Monterey
counties.
Frank W. Fuller, George H. Stratton
and John F. McGlynn of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen, will depart in a few days
on a hunting and fishing trip in Hum
boldt and Mendocino counties.
Spalding.
GUN AND DOG.
Recreation, Olympic and Lincoln
Gun Clubs' Shoot To- Morrow.
On Sunday the Recreation, Olympic and
Lincoln Gun clubs will hold their monthly
inanimate target shooting matches at the
Lincoln grounds, Alameda Point. The
Empire Club has offered splendid induce
ments to sportsmen who will contest in an
open shoot for valuable prizes on Sunday
afternoon at Alameda Point.
The club will hold its monthly contest
in the forenoon.
The dog-fanciers have commenced to
discuss the next field-trial contests, which
will undoubtedly be held near Bakers
field. The entries for the derby will close
with J. H. Kilgariff, the secretary, on
July 1.
'lhe Pacific Kennel Club will hold its
annual meeting and election of officers on
Wednesday evening next. A large attend
ance will undoubtedly be present, as busi
ness of more than ordinary importance
will be transacted.
In all probability the present officials
will be re-elected as they have done ex
cellent service. The club has always kept
in mind that it is the worst of policy to
remove from office men who have proven
themselves good and faithful servants.
The old adage, let well enough alone, will
not be forgotten by tne members who will
cast their ballots on Wednesday evening.
A breeder of some years' experience, but
whose modesty will not permit him to
subscribe his name, shies his castor into
the ring with the following challenge, says
the American Field: "Will some one of
the very many breeders of high-class fox
terriers and cocker spaniels tell me why it
is that the fox terrier is allowed a long leg
to win with, while the cocker spaniel must
be very low in the leg in order to win? I
have been reading Stonehenge in regard to
fox terriers, and I can't see consistency in
the types of a long-legged fox terrier and
a cocker that must crawl. I should think
to reverse the comparison would be a
proper thing, since the former was made
to go under ground and the latter to stay
on top." Here is a grand opportunity for
some authority to solemnly trot out the
time-honored hallucination that it is part
DEERHOUND "DERBY"
of a fox terrier's business to ran with
hounds.
In his report of the Pacific Kennel
Club's recent exhibition of dogs this is
what Judge Mortimer says of Dr. Mc-
Nutt's highly prized deerhound: Derby
was the only entry; a really grand- headed
dog of great size, excellent legs and feet,
good body and very muscular quarters,
but he is very slightly cowhocked and
does not move as well behind as he should
in his slow paces.
As large numbers o! Mongolian
pheasants have been introduced into
many of the near counties to San Fran
cisco within the past year, the following
opinion of a prominent Eastern sportsman
will be of interest to Calif ornians: Presi
dent E. G. Gay of the Maine Game and
Protective Association says that if pure
blooded Mongolian pheasants can be ob
tained they are a valuable acquisition to
the game of a State, but that the crossbred
birds are ferocious and destructive to
other game birds. Mr. Gay greatly pre
fers the capercailzie and black game from
Norway and Sweden if new birds are to be
introduced into his State.
THE BOXERS.
Tom Sharkey Doss Not Believe In
Slogsrlng— OaKland Bantams.
Now that the National Athletic Club's
warship "Physical Culture" has escaped
the treacherous rocks upon which Captain
Groom had feured it would founder there
is rejoicing among the fistic fraternity who
favor free sailing.
Tom Sharkey is delighted that there will
be no further impediments placed in his
way of a meeting with Champion Jim.
"Why," said Tom, "the idea that this con
test will be of a brutal nature is most
absurd. If any of the members of the
Civic federation, or any other federation
for that matter, had everseen me box they
would have changed their minds very
quickly — that is so far as brutal sport is
concerned.
"Any of the boys will tell you that I have
never hurt anybody in my life, and why?
Because I am scientific and understand
how to hit. I have whipped all of my op
ponents, but my work was cleanly done,
and I think the sporting people of this
City should give me some credit for what I
have accomplished.
"I suppose if I slogged my opponents out
I would be now considered a great fighter.
There is no need of the good people feel
ing any particular anxiety over the com
ing contest. lam scientific, and so is Jim
Corbett, therefore the sporting people can
count upon seeing a clever and interesting
exhibition of fisticuffs at the Pavilion on
the evening of the 24th inst.
"Why, the idea of Tom Sharkey being
called a slogger is preposterous. The fact
of the matter is. half the fellows who pre
tend to Know all about the game don't
know a good and clever boxer when they
see him perform, but they will change
their minds about Tom Sharkey after he
has a settlement with Champion Jim. 1 '
The bantam-weight boxing tournament
for the championship of the coast will
open in the Oakland Athletic Club's gym
nasium on Tuesday evening, the 30th inst.
A sanction has been received from the Pa
cific Athletic Association and extensive
preparations are being made with a view
of making this exhibition a grand success.
In the wrestling Douts the one of spe
cial interest will be a contest between
Harry Gelder, tbe champion feather
weight of the coast, and R. Wixon of the
lightweight cla-s. Amateur boxers from
the clubs of the association are now in
training for the boxing events. The club
rooms are located on the corner of B and
Hollis streets.
J. M. Whelan, a boxer of some note,
who is a pupil of Jimmy Carroll, states
his willingness to meet any 133 or 135
pound boxer of this coast in a finish or
limited round contest.
THE OARSMEN.
Stockton's Great Regatta and the
Crews That Are In Training.
The Stockton Athletic Association is
hard at work making preparations for the
rowing regatta which will be held on the
Fourth of July.
Knowing that rowing regattas on the
bay on the Fourth of July have been rele
gated to oblivion the association is alive
to th • issue and is making a strong bid to
have a Fourth of July regatta a special
feature of the yearly celebrations.
The oarsmen of Stockton intend to sur
prise the local men when they meet on
the channel, and if form cuts any ice the
Stockton boys, from the outrigger skiff
oarsmen down to the barge crew, should
make a hot pace for all competitors, for
they have been looking forward with pleas
ant anticipations to this regatta for months
back.
The great showing the Stocktonian row
ers made at El Campo lately has endowed
them with new energy. They have just
received their new boat from the East, and
are training morning and evening, and ex
pect to win everything in sight on the 4tn.
But while they are training hard up
there, the boys down here are by no means
idle. The South End big crew is hard at
it, for it expects a hot race to keep a long
string of successive victories intact.
If all the other events on the programme
fall below expectations, this race will cer
tainly repay one for the journey to Stock
ton.
Time was when the South Ends and
Pioneers went hand-in-hand for the good
of the sport, b,ut those good old days are
passed, and those who were once friends
are now the bitterest rivals.
The trouble all arose over the regatta
on September 9 at Sacramento, when the
Pioneers claimed to have been unjustly
treated in a decision, ana ever since have
been aching fora chance at the South End
crew in a reeatta that is not managed
by the South End Club.
They are now working like Trojans,
getting into condition. Each man in the
crew is the proud possessor of a pledge to
discontinue smoking. Tne weight of the
crew has been materially increased, as
each man has filled out considerably
since they raced last.
The Stockton crew they know are
worthy foes. Their great desire is to
lower the colors of the South End crew,
and it is cafe to say that from the drop
of the hat the hottest race ever witnessed
on this coast will take place when these
three crews meet to settle the much
mooted question of supremacy.
The Pioneers have a clever little cox
swain now. He is George Fitzsimmons,
one of the little Long Bridge wharf rats,
and what be does not Know about steer
ine a boat isn't worth knowing.
Pop Brennan, the Pioneer's coach, is
training the crew, and its personnel is as
follows: Fred Orr, bow and captain;
George Callopy, forwardwaist; Coney
Ochs, afterwaist; John Clifford, stroke,
and George Fitzsimmons, coxswain.
In addition to this crew, the Pioneers in
tend to send up a red-hot junior crew, and
are P' work trying out three aspiring
crews .0 be the club's representatives.
The following from the Ariel Club will
take part in tbe regatta: William Mc-
Causland and Jim Wilson in the senior
single scull event, Jim Wilson and Bob
Ellis in the outrigger skiff races; and the
following will compose the junior crew:
W. P. Prendergast, stroke; Frank Wilson,
atterwaist; J. Coughlin, forwardwaist; A.
Racouillat, bow; Ed Wilson, coxswain.
The club intends to enlarge its boat
house soon and make it a twoslory struc
ture, with a gymnasium and clubronms
on the top floor ana the boatroom on the
first floor. It will also give a jinks in
about two weeks.
The medals won in the recent El Campo
regatta will be distributed to the winners
at the South End boathouse to-morrow.
The occasion will be celebrated with an
entertainment.
Al Fritz of the South Ends, who is a
delegate from the Ass< ciated Improve
ment Clubs to the Golden Gate Carnival
Committee, intends to lend his efforts in
inducing the committee to set aside a suit
able sum for a regatta during carnival
week.
S. J. Pembroke, one of the most enthu
siastic oarsmen on the coast and instigator
of the big Lake Merntt regatta on Wash
ington's "birthday last, over which the
Oakland people became so elated, intends
to do his utmost for the interests of the
oarsmen in the coming carnival.
On the Oakland CreeK, June 27, the Ala
meda Boating and Swimming Club will
hold a club regatta.
The races will consist of outrigger skiff
events and a barge race.
Dr. Cecil Dennis and Fred Avers will
contest in the senior outrigger event. The
winner will row at Stockton. S. J. Pem
broke will also row for the club at the
Stockton re atta.
The Alaraedas have about eight cracka
jack outrigger skiffmen in training, and
say it will be a disappointment to them,
as it will be to the other clubs, if the ju
nior outrigger skiff race at the Stockton
regatta is eliminated, for a great mpny men
are in training for it.
Rowing has taken the fancy of the
League of the Cross Cadets and large num
bers have already applied for membership
to the South End Club.
Advices state that the Olympic Club
crew will not line up at Stockton in the
junior race, but in all probability the
Olympic senior crew will give an exhibi
tion race in their new shell.
The following officer were elected at the
recent meeting of the Dolphin Club: T. J.
Sullivan, president; J. B. Keenan, vice
president; F. Staib, financial secretary;
Joseph Earl, recording secretary; Peter
Yon Hadelen, sergeant-at-arms; Curly
Mogan, captain ; Fred Woerner, vice-cap
tain.
J. Coughlin will represent the club in
the senior outrigger skiff race at Stockton.
He will be their only representative.
THE ATHLETES.
Members of the Olympic Team Who
Will Soon Go North.
Captain Leonard Gill of the Olympic
Club is now satisfied that he will have the
pleasure of being accompanied in his trip
to Oregon by a very strong team of ath
letes. Gill says that unless the men who
will represent the Multnomah Athletic
Club are of the first class, the greater part
of the prizes will be captured by the
wearers of the flying "O."
It might just as well be stated now that
unless the representatives of the Olympic
Club are in first-class trim they will meet
with sui prises. Robert Edgren will cer
tainly win the hammer throw and Dave
Brown of Stanford should win the mile
race, but other than these events Cap
ain Gill's team will need be in the pink of
condition and qualified to compete against
some first-class athletes. The Multnomaii
Athletic Club people are not given much
to boasting, but judging from information
recently received from the north the
Olympic team will not have a walk over
by any means, even allowing that Cap
tain Gill has a large army of good men to
select from. . . _
W. C. Patterson, the athlete who broke
the coast record in high jumping at the
May field day by clearing s feet U%inc es,
will be one of the team, and in all prob
ability Bert Coffin, who has a record ot
bl\i seconds for a quarter and 2 mm. 3-5
sec. for a half, will go north also. The
team will in elude Captain Gill and nine
members of the Oly mpic Club.
The games, which will be neld in Port
land, Or., in the latter part of this mouth,
will be under the management of the
Multnomah Athletic Club.
The athlete's farewell to the Olympian
games is thus given by the Cleveland
Plain Dealer:
Maid of Athens, fre we part,
Give, ob, give me bHCk my n»art :
But if you to swap are loath,
Theal'll rac3 you, dear, for both!
It is presumed that the farewell of the
Olympic Club athletes to Portland will be
something like this:
Mfid of Portland, erf we part,
Give, oh, cive me b-.ck my heart;
But if :bis will not please pa,
Then fare thee well, sueet Multnomah!
CRICKET CHIRPS
Digests From Foreign Scorebook
and Local Happenings.
The Australians continue doing effective
work against their various English op
ponents. They gained a brilliant victory
over Yorkshire, at Sheffield, by an inning
and 8 runs. Their contest with "An
Eleven of the South," played at East
bourne, and mentioned in last week's
"Chirps," resulted in a draw.
The Middlesex and Yorkshire match,
played at Lords on the 28th ult., followed
its tradition of furnishing remarkable
cricket. Middlesex, after playing a first
inning of 384 runs, was beaten by 10
wickets. About 10,000 people were on the
ground.
Surrey gained a very easy victory over
Gloucestershire. Hay ward of the conquer
ing team made 153, the only century of
the match.
On the same day, at Lords, Somersets
were beaten by Middlesexes by an inning
and 101 runs. About 12,000 spectators
witnessed the match. Feeble batting and
very good bowling apparently accounted
for the triumph of Middlesex.
In the Gloucestershire-Sussex match,
played at Brighton, Champion W. G.
Grace not only carried his bat through the
Gloucestershire inning, but despite the
big scores of tne season, managed to make
the highest by bis perfectly compiled 243
runs and to beat Abel's previous best
of 231.
The Surrey eleven secured their seventh
win of the season at Nottinghamshire by
six wickets and the match between Lan
cashire and Rent, played at Manchester,
requited in a win for Lancashire by tnree
wickets. Hampshire had to submit to de
feat by Derbyshire by seven wickets.
At Oxford the university eleven gained
a brilliant victory over Somerset, winning
by an inning and 107 runs.
Comiug to local matters I hear that
Sharland, lately a cricketer of repute in
Kent, has joined the Pacifies and that
Sollura and Jones, ex- Mill Valley men,
have attached themselves to the Califor
nia team.
To-morrow the Pacifies and Californias
meet at Alameda, and the second elevens
of the Pacifies and Alamedas play at
Golden Gate. Umpibb.
HANDBALL.
Expert Players Who Will Appear at
Ryan's Court To-Morrow.
Colonel John Patrick Francis Riordan,
manager of Phil Ryan's handball court,
858 Howard street, has arranged the fol
lowing excellent programme of games for
to-morrow afternoon :
M. McNeil and Dan Rodgera vs. P. Ryan and
George McDonald; R. Murphy and G. Edwards
vs. J. Collins and G. Stansbury; P. Kelly and
P. Hutchinson vs. G. Hutchinson and J. Nel
son; J. Feeney and R. Lenihan vs. J. Harlow
and J. Lawless; D. Connolly and J. McEvely
vs. J. Slattery and G. Dahl; J. Riordon, coast
champion, and J. C. Nealon vs. T. F. Bonnet
ana P. Donnelly. »
Leader Short of the Olympic Club states
that the next handball tournament of the
club will be held in t':e Occidental hand
ball court, on Grove street.
Coursinsr.
Twenty-four local favorites are entered
for the running at Casserly & Kerrigan's
Ocean View Coursing Park to-morrow, and
a fine day's sport is expected, a new lot
of fine hares has recently been turned
loose in the paddocks and should give the
hounds plenty to do to catch them.
Following is the result of the drawing
which took place on Thursday evening at
915 Market street:
J. Segerson's Gold Hill vs. M. Casserly's
California Violet, J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy vs.
D. Chillas' Happy Day, W. D. Murphy's Dash
away vs. Villa kennel's Bonnie Lass, T. Wal
ton's Bobolink vs. J. Donnelly's Defender, J.
Baxter's Yankee Doodle vs. Hayes Valley ken
nel's Sharkey, D. Toland's Twilight vs. J. T.
Hannon's Mnguerite, J. Segerson's White Chief
vs. J. Kerrigan's White Cloud, S. Lehman's
Tommy Hall vs. J. T. Hannon's Snowbird, P.
Farrell's Jessie Moore vs. P. Litter's Abbey
Lass, S. Lehman's Nellie C vs. J. McCorkell's
Blue Jacket, J. Murphy's Red Light vs. E.
Campbell's Cocktail, P. Toner's Lorene vs. J.
Donald's Sea Spray.
A consolation stake will be ran off im
mediately after the final of the regular
card .
Some first-class sport will certainly be
witnessed to-morrow at Ineleside Park.
There are thirty-two dogs in the stake, and
some gpnuine good racing will surely be
seen. There are great hares in the inclos
ure — regular Merced fliers. Mr. Grace
will judge and J. F. Grace will handle the
slips. The prizes are: First. |30 ; second,
$20; third and fourth, $11 50 each. The
following is the draw:
T. Mansfield's Jimmy Hope vs. J. Hurley's
Jimmy Rex, M. Traynor's Whip Jr. vs. J.
Wood's Mohawk, R. Burflend's Trix vs. J.
Shea's Fearless, J. Bradshaw's Famous vs. Por
tal & Haggerty's Laurel Leaf, J. Larkey'a Spin
away vs. J. A. Cohen's Captain Jim, G.
Buehen's Belle Roche vs. P. Ryan's Mag
pie, R. Mansfield's Ben vs. J. Bradshaw T g
Ma Belle, J. Daugherty's White Briar vs.
F. Brown's Kilmore, A. Merrill's Handspring
vs. Dil!on & Reilly's Queen B, J. Shea's Active
vs. J. Larkey's True Blue, T. Neenan's Regent
vs. F. C. Mack's Ingleside, J. H. Perieo's Wee
Lassie vs. J. H. Rosseter's Kitty Scott, J. H.
Rosseter's Alameda vs. MulCaster's Lass o'Gow
rie, J. Moran'B Uncle Sam vs.' Cronin & Mc-
Donald's Reliance, J. A. Cohen's Living Yet
_ HEW TO-PAT.
_ 6urc
Consumption
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, ; and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases, have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. Slocum, M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter in full for the benefit of
our readers. There will be no mistake in sending— th»
mistake •will be in overlooking the generous offer—
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
NEURALGIA.
vs. Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B, A. Merrill't
Ben Brush vs. Cronin & McDonald's Billy B.
Next Sunday there will be an open stake
at $1 for each dog, and $20 will be added
by the proprietors to the purse.
Members of the Interstate Coursing Club
should bear in. mind that nominations
(including $25) for the champion meeting,
to be held o:i Saturday, June 20, must be
in the hands of the secretary (J. R. Dick
son) not later than 8 o'clock on Wednes
day evening next at Delta Hall, 1019 Mar
ket street. Nominations for the pirY>py
| state ($10) will, of course, be received at
the same time. If but eight dogs enter for
the aged stake the prizes will be $100, $50
and two $25.
This will surely be the most interesting
coursing event yet held by the club. That
there will be a great gathering of the
leashmen and their friends is certain, and
"Ladies' day" will be something to talk
about hereafter among the lovers of the
leash. Messrs. Rosseter, Peyton, Mc-
Donald, Cronin, Healy (Petaluma), Spring,
Curtis and others who have crackerjack
dogs are sure to have nominations in the
"Ladies' day" meeting.
Stockton Sporting News.
STOCKTON, CAL., June 12.— 0n Monday
night the Stockton Athletic Association will
give a second gentleman's night in its gymna
sium. The first affair of this kind was a great
success. The second promises to be even more
so. «Lawlor and Lewis, two 125-pound men,
have been matched for an eight- round go, ana
there will be another event of this kind, but
Boxing Instructor Armstrong is keeping the
names of the participants from tne P ubll £ a l
present, as something specially good is said to
be booKed for this part of the programme.
At h meeting of the directors of the Athletic
Association held Tuesday evening C. B. Hart
was put in charge of the barge crew that won
tne junior event at £\ Campo on May 30. lhe
NEW TO'PAY.
Will It Cure?
This Question Occurs to
People Who Are Not
Certain as to the Power
of Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt. Read the Evi-
dence Following and
Be Satisfied. *
Turn a small screw ,s#v^ $5000 will be paid
to right or left and ,s£ ! Xi for a Dr. garden
you can make the '>X 2* Electric Belt
current stronger or -^Ji-v^Vi which will not
milder at your Si" £f«s give a strong cur-
pleasure. c^^jftT rent of electricity
when charged aa
directed.
These Men Are Cured
And You Can Find Them All at
the Addresses Given, Glad to
Certify to the Power of Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
• . j
NERVOUS DEBILITY— "In four months your
wonderful Belt has cured me of Nervoui
- Debility."— L. C. MINYARD, Napa, Cal.
VARICOCELE— "Your strong Belt has cured
me of Varicocele and weakness of 26 years'
standing."— L. L. JACCARD, Jeweler, San
Leandro, Cal.
IMPOTENCY— "PubIish to the world the fact
that I am cured of nervousness, right losses.
impotency and lame back by your Belt, anil
I am now' able to do as much work as any
twom«n."— J. A. SNYDKR, Coeur d'Alene,
Idaho.
PARALYSIS— "Your Belt has almost com-
pletely restored my health after suffering
lor 6 years from partial paralysis." — JOHN
CURRAN, 1419 Folsom street, San Fran.
Cisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY— "Your Belt has cured
me of Nervous Debility in three months,
after barrels of medicine had faiIed."— WIL-
LIAM DAWSON, 1422 Sutter street, San
Francisco.
LAME BACK— "I would not take $100 for the
Belt I got of you six weeks ago."— CAPTAIN
HENRY BECK, 240 Montgomery street,
San Francisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY— "Your Belt has cured
me of Nervous Debility mat was so bad I
could not waIk."— THOMAS RAY, Ameri-
can Exchange Hotel, San Francisco.
ASK YOURSELF.
Ask yourself the question, "Is it not strong
proof?" It is, but it is not half as strong as
' can be seen in Dr. Sanden's office. Letters from .
prominent merchants, lawyers, and even doc-
tors, who have acknowledged this wonderful
; Belt more effective than medicine.
You have everything to gain by discarding
i drugs and trying this Belt. A three months'
i doctor bill will buy the best Belt. Get the
i book, "Three Classes of Men," free, with price-
{ list and full information.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. x. to
8:30 F. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
! LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR., .
I '201 South Broadway. | 253 Washington at ret.
Built and guaranteed by the largest
bicycle factory In the world.
1896 MODELS,
/^■■Bi $85.00 ON TERMS.
$5 down. $2 per week.
BOYS' AND GIRLS'
GUARANTEED WHEELS,
$25 and $30.
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES
In Second-band Offerings.
' $15 to $35.
INDIANA
BICYCLE COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 5. F. .
OPEN EVENINGS.
O U H — mm^tm Ew B * V
: MONARCH -
n
V MOURIfI CY-1E UINIFJCTORnO CO., I
jg 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. ?\
5 CHAS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market, Ag-U 7%
Q C. F. SALOMONSON CO., Twelfth and I
&a Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. $men are showing up In fine form now, and
will put up the race of their life on the Fourth
of July. The programme for the day is:
Junior single sculls, junior barge race, senior
single sculls, senior outrigger skiffs, senior
barge race.
The junior baree crew of the Athletic Asso
ciation Is now being selected, and from the
men that are now "being tried out there is
every prospect of a "hot" junior crew being
pitted aeainst the various representatives from
San Francisco on July 4.
The great sport i Ust now about Stockton is
shad-fishing. For the past week there has
been a run of shad up the San Joaquln River,
and dozens of parties ore out every night with
scoopnets and brine back big strings. Some
net as many as twenty or thirty big shad in an
hour. Parties drive out to a spot on the river
near the chickory factory, where the fish seem
to run best.
Preparations are now being made for the
great field aay and boxing tournament on July
4. it has been decided to have nothing but
professional goes for the boxing tournament,
ana Billy Armstrong is now engaged in secur
ing some of the best men in the .State to par
ticipate. Jim Corbett will be asked to officiate
as referee. Craig.
1 ♦
Santa Rosa Sporting News
bAMTA KObA, Cal., June 12.— The Santa
Rosa Wheelmen will make aclub run to Sonoma
Saturday to witness the Bear Flag celebration.
On Sunday the wheelmen will visit Glen
Kllcn for a day's outing. The finishing touches
have been put on the new three-lap track here,
and the recreation grounds have been rolled
into fine condition for football and baseball.
"Chick" and "Nixey" Koonan, who captured
seven prizes during the carnival meets here
and in Healdsburg, have commenced active
training for the Fourth of July races at Peta
luma. Williamson, a fast and gamey rider oi
this city, has been overtaken by en attack oi
laziness caused by the extreme heat, which
will interfere with his training for the Peta
lunia event.
City Attorney O. O. Weber and ex-City At
torney W. F. Cawen spent one day this week
whipping the streams of Knights Valley. They
report McDonald and Unacoinos creeks over
run with suckers, bullheads and catfish from
Russian River. They also visited the Kellogg
fish preserves in Knights Valley. They re
turned with eighty tine large trout, using for
the larger part of the catch 16 to 1 bait.
The reservoir of the Santa Rosa Water Com
pany, which is known as Lake Ralphine, ia
well stocked with black bass. They will run
from one to four pounds in weight and make
a game fight when hooked. "A cloudy sky
and a westerly wind" is absolutely necessary
for success when after the black bass and a
permit (which can generally be ootained from
Colonel Mark L. McDonald) is also requisite.
Virgil .Moore.
Portland Sporting News.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12— The Willamette
Rowing Club and the Portland Sailing Club
have crews in training for the Fourth of July
regatta on the river. The Portlands will give
an exhibition model yachtrace in the near
future.
The All-Orepcon Cricket Club and the Victoria
Club propose to visit San Francisco this season.
I'ortland will have its first professional cycle
meet of the season Saturday, June 20. All the
f«st riders, including Freeman and others from
the Southern California circuit, will compete.
The Northwest horse-racing circuit begins to
day (Saturday) at Irvington Park for one week.
A large number of California horses are in the
A proposition that has been suggested to give
a Pacific Coast bicycle relay rece, starting at
Portland and finishing at *an Diego, taking in
all the important cycle towns, meets with much
favor among local wheelmen.
The proposition to build a cycle track to Riv
erside Inn is meeting with success, and money
has been subscribed to begin work at once.
The cinder path will cost between ifl-iOOO and
$5000, and will be nearly six miles long. It is
picturesquely located: 0.
BASEBALL FEVER.
It In Running High in Anticipation of
the Imperials' Game With the
California* To-Morroiv.
The San Francisco City League cham
pionship season is fully on and the teams
are getting down to training in earnest.
The Pacifies have one scalp already, giv
ing them a percentage of 1000. The Caii
fornias, having lost one game, their per
centage is 000, but they say, "Lcok
out for us when we go up against the Im
perials to-morrow." Each team in the
league is trying to get the strongest play
ers in hopes of pulling down GO per cent : I
the gate receipts. Already quite a rivalry 1
exists between the managers, the players'
friends; and the players themselves are
practicing every day, leaving nothing un
done that will help them to get hold of
the large end of the gate receipts.
The grounds are getting in elegant shape
for fine work and in a few days the lovers
of the great National game will see some
fast playing.
Following is the make-up of the com
peting teams:
IMPERIALS. CALIFOEXJAS
Green Catcher Bodie i
Monet Pitcaer Chasa
i.ong First base Mnllie
Creamer. Second base Shea
Bodie Third base Klopp
Ullss Shortstop McCord
Bhlble* 1,- ft lteUl lianley
Crowley Center field Buckley
Ixmghran Klght lield Camrou
This will be played at the Presidio ath
letic grounds, Sunday, June 14, at 2:30
p. m., being the second game for the City
League championship.
The Calls and Itincons will play at the
Presidio athletic grounds at 10 o'clock
Sunday morning. This should prove a
great game in an amateur line. Tne Calls
will come out in their new suits which
they won by beating the Examiners last
Sunday. ' The make-up will be:
CALLS. . BINCOKS.
o orham Catcher a lien
Whaley Picciu-r ilcJDonaid
fcnleld-s iirst base Clark
Carter l-econd base Devlin
IHnley Third base Dullyhau
Malioupy Short'top Cunningham
McCormick Lett field H. .McCaffery
o'ioole Center field. ...J. JlcCaffery
Brannan Hight field Daley
JOINT FIELD DAY.
Entries for the First Annual Inter-
scholastic Athletics of the Lowell
and Polytechnic Schools.
Tlie first annual interscholastic field day
of theLowellandPolytechnicHigh Schools
will be held at the Olympic Club Grounds
to-day at 2 p. m. Following are the entries :
100-yard dash— First heat: Anspacher, L. H.
B. ; Crocker, L. H. S. ; Cuttea, L. It. S.; Mau, P.
H. S.;Gay, P. 11. B.
Second heat— Riccomi, P. 11. S. ; Dykes, P. 11.
P. ; Smith, P. H. S. ; Taber, L. 11. S. ; Titus, L.
11. s.
440-yard dash— Hammer, P. 11. S.; Smith, P.
H. S.; Hanley, P. H. S. ; Dvkps, P. H. BL: O'Con
dor, L. 11. S.; Cutten, L. H. B.; Sobey, L. H. S. ;
Caglieri, L. H. S.
120-yard hurdle race — Taber, L. H. S. :
Mau, P. H. S. ; Montgomery, L. H. S. ; Grant, P
H. S.; Pope, P. H. S.; Bretchrick, L. H. S.
880-yard run— Shaw. L. H. S. ; Whaley,
1.. 11. 8.; Duncan, L. 11. S. ; Pitchford,
P. H. S. ; Hammer, P. H. S. ; Smith, P. U.S.;
W. Healey, P. H. S.
Two-mile bicycle— First heat, Russ, Ruste
mever. Second heat, Woeiser, Joost. Third
neat, Rudolph, L. H S. ; Flinn. P. 11. S.
220-ynrd dash— First near, AnspacUer, L. H.
S. ; Titus, L. 11. S. ; Cutten, L. H. !?.; Dykes, P.
H. 8. ; Gay, P. H. S.
Second heat— Hammer, P. 11. S. ; Smith, P. H.
S. ; Riccomi, P. H. S. ; Taber, L. H. B.; Caglieri,
1.. U.S.
One mile walk— Walsh, L. H. S. ; Shaife, L. H.
8. ; Gardiue. L. H. S. ; Aitken, L. H. S. ; Pope,
P. H. S.
One-mile run— Duden, P. 11. S.; Kroenke, P.
H. S. ; H. Healev. P. H. S.; Smitn, P. 11. S.;
snaw, L. H. 8.; Whaley, L. EL tf.; Kidd, L. 11.
8.; Duijcan, L. H S.
220-yard hurdle— First heat: Taber, L. H.
B.; i;retheric:k, L.H.S.; Grant, P. 11. S. Sec
ond heat— Mau, P. H. t-.; Pope, P. H. S.; Mont
gomery, L. H. 8.
High jump — Moller, L. 11. P.; Montgomery,
1.. H. 8.; Hara, L. H. B.; Mau, P. U. S. ; Grant,
P. H.S.; Pope, P. H. S.
Sixteen-pound shot put— Hara, L. H. S.:
Carter, L. H. 8.; O'Connor, L. 11. S.; Taber,
L. H. S.; Mau, P. H. .«.: Xathan, P. H. S.;
Dudeu, P. H. S.; Pope, P. H. S.
Pole vault— Mueller, L. H. S.: Hara. L. H. R;
Jansura, L. H. S. ; Gram, P. H. S. ; Mau, P. H. 8. ;
\V. Healey, P. H. S. ; Pope, P. H. S.
Sixieen-pound-hammer throw— Taber, L. H.
S. ; O'Connor, L. H. S. ; Montgomery, L.H. 8.;
Crocker, L. H. 6.; Nathan, P. H. S. ; Duden,
P. H. S.
One-mile relay race — Six men from each
school; first place fi,ve points.
Death of Daniel Conboy.
Daniel Conboy died at the City and County
Ho.-pital yesterday from injuries received
June 8, while attempting to stop a runa.way
horse on the corner of Stockton and Washing
ton streets. Conboy was 52 years old and a
brother of Sergeant Conboy, for a long time in
charge of the California-street station.
CIVIC SOCIETY
WON'T INTERFERE.
It Decides That Corbett and
Sharkey May Give an
Exhibition.
COMMITTEE TO ATTEND.
Sharkey Says If He Hits Cor
bett the Champion Will Go
Down Before Him.
HE WILL PUT UP MONEY.
Corbett Working Harder at the Olym
pic—Sbarkey Walked Eighteen
Miles.
'•If I hit Corbett he'll go down just the
same as the rest of them."
Thomas Sharkey said this yesterday af
ternoon. He had just emerged from the
Thomas Sharkey Is Training in the City of Churches. Everywhere He Goes He Is Followed by a
Curious Crowd Anxious to See the Man Who Is to 3leet Corbett. When the Crowd Is So Dense.
That There Is No Chance of Seeing Their Idol They htand Around and Wait, Contented Even to
Walk the Same Street as the Sailor. Everybody in Oakland Is Wondering Where the Crowd
Comes From. It Is Supposed to Come From the Neighborhoods of Joe Dieves and Ike Bottomley.
shower-bath, and stood with his brawny
arm* locked over the top of his head -while
the rub-down artist, Tim McGrath, pro
ceeded to get in his work with a rough
towel.
"How tall is he— six feet one or two?"
And then without waiting for a reply to
the question, he continued: "That don't
make any difference if he is taller. If I
hit him he'll fall like the other bia: fellows.
Why, the shortest fight I ever had was
with a big tall fellow. That's Dunn at
Yailejo. It was over in 27 seconds ; he was
asleep then."
'.'What are you going to look out for in
particular in your light with Corbett?"
"Well, in particular 1 am eoing to look
out for Sharkey," was the reply. "I'll look
out for everything. You can't tell what's
going to happen. Of course, I'll look out
for my jaw."
Wnile the sailor lad lay naked on a
couch face downward undergoing a rub
down with alcohol and camphor to
toughen and invigorate the skin, his arms
were bent and his face rested on his
hands. It gave the admiring spectators
an exceptional chance to note the big
shoulders and the ropes of muscle that
extend to the bicepa. The prominence
of the muscles and breadth of the should
rs are something to marvel at. There is
strength enough there to fell an ox with
one blow of the heavy fist that will try to
find a solid landine on the world's cham
pion.
As he lay perfectly quiet Sharkey sud
denly raised his head and called to the
reporters. He had been called a marine
m one of the newspapers and he didn't
like it. "Don't call me a marine," he
said. "Tnat's wrong. I'm no marine.
A marine is a wooden man."
Aboard a naval vessel the rrarines are
the men who do the parading on such
holidays ashore as Decoration day and the
fourth of July. They are sea soldiers
trained for duty in the navy and are not
seamen in any sense of the word
They are usually the butt for the jokes
of the sailors aboard a naval vessel, owing
to their supposed ignorance of all things
marine. Hence the familiar expression,
Go tell that to the marines." This is
why Sharkey does not like to be called a
marine. He is a trained seaman of lone
experience: *
SharKey took an 18-mile walk yesterday
morning -over the hills and faraway/
back of Oakland. He started out with
McGrath about 8 o'clock and got hack
about noon. He said yesterday that he
was getting into ship-shape and was feel
ing as though he would be able to make
the battle of his life with the champion.
Sharkey is eoing to back himself on the
side with his own money in the coming
contest. He said so yesterday. He is re
ported to have a $5000 sack tucked away
in a sayings bank, but when asked if he
was going to put it all up he declined to
say how much he would wager. He was
reticent about discussing the subject, but
it is understood he will take even
money that he is on his feet at the end of
the four rounds. So if anybody is looking
for any of Sharkey's coin they can find
him and Needbam at the Acme Athletic
Club in Oakland every afternoon till the
24th inst.
When asked what colors he would wear
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
in the ring he aaid: "The red, white and
blue, and green trunks."
He took the usual exercise yesterday,
punching the bag, playing handball, skip
ping the rope and tossing the medicine
ball. Thers will not be any sparring till
next week, when Needham intends to
vary the training in several respects.
It is a safe proposition also that if Glad
iator Jim ever lands squarely on Sharkey
with that battering-ram right or that hard
and elusive left of his it will be all
over with the sailor lad right then and
there. The arm that laid Sullivan low
and caused him to wake up some seconds
later with the query, "Did that young
feller lick me?" can do the same thing for
the brawny Sharkey.
It does not require a sledge-hammer
blow in the prize ring to put the best man
out, provided it is landed in the right
place, and there is something of a possibil
ity that Sharkey might touch the spot on
California's pride. When memory turns
backward and locates itself for the mo
ment at Jacksonville, Fia., and on Charley
Mitchell, who stood up before the cham
pion only three rounds, the idea will come
to the front that he is likely to do to the
pride of the American navy the same thing
mat he did to the English champion, who
thought he would be in it for a much
longer time. But what a jury will do is
not more uncertain than what is likely to
happen on a resin floor inside the ropes.
The invincible Dempsey in his prime went
down before a chance blow by La Blanche
the Marine after a Jong list of victories
were hanging to his belt.
Summing the probabilities up in a sen
tence the man who lands first good and
hard in the right spot will win the contest
a week from next Wednesday night.
Sharkey will go into the ring with gritted
teeth and well keyed up to the oppor
tunity, and he says that Corbett must
look sharp. To this the champion laconi
cally replies, "Well, if he 6hya so I guess
it must be so." And then the champion
smiled a broad, easy, good-natured, but a
significant smile, and let it go at that.
Corbett took his usual turns with the
sweat-raising apparatus at the Olympic
I Athletic Club yesterday afternoon, and
j the usual limited number of spectators
looked on with interest. His chief exer
cise was handball. Members of the club
joined in this. Corbett thinks there is no
game as good as handball. At any rate he
has not found an athletic exercise more to
I his liking.
Besides pulling the neck of George Green
I and making him wheeze for wind the
champion also sparred wuh "Young Cor
bett" a moderate number of rounds. He
had plenty of this kind of exercise yester
day, for Billy Delanev also put on the pil
lows with him. Corbett receives blows in
a friendly bout, and some pretty stiff ones
too, that would never touch him if he was
in earnest. But even in his friendly spar
ring matches the wonderful activity of
the big fellow causes people to admire him.
He is beyond compare the shiftiest heavy
weight that ever danced on a resined floor.
Sharkey is said to be quick for one of his
weight and build, but Corbett is much
quicker. When they got tired sparring
Corbett had his neck pulled by the other
fellows in order to strengthen its muscles,
and they also shoved one another around
over the floor by the hands and .shoulders
in the fencing-room. Corbett is slowly
increasing the degree and intensity of his
training.
WON'T STOP THE MILL.
Civic Federation so Decides If It
Keeps Within the Law.
The Civic Federation will not interfere
with the Corbett-Sharkey contest— that is,
they will make no effort to stop the mill if
it develops into nothing more than a sci
entific exhibition of skill and training,
such as Manager Groom of the National
Athletic Club yesterday assured them it
would be.
With this assurance the federation felt
it sbonld be satisfied for the present, rely
ing on the promoters of the affair as men
of honor to stand by their words. Never
theless they though it proper to warn the
Chief of Police to watch carefully for any
infringement of tho law. It was decided
to send a committee of their own to see
that the nice distinction between r. contest
of skill and a prizefight is maintained.
There was just an even dozen of the
federation's members present at the meet
ing, which was held in the assembly-room
of the Mills building yesterday afternoon.
Tney were: I. J. Truman, president;
James L. Case, secretary; Stewart Men
zies, D. Gilbert Dexter, George T. Gaden,
Rtv. J. Cumming Smith, Rev. Thomas
Filben, A. G. Towne, Wallace Bradford
Charles Wesley Reed, Piev. H. N. Bevier
and C. B. Perkins. The meeting was ex
ecutive.
The comine boxing contest was the
principal matter discussed and the meet
ing was one of the most interesting held
for some time. A number of the mem
bers spoke earnestly in favor of taking
steps to prevent the contest. It was re
ported, however, that the law in regard to
the matter had been submitted to six at
torneys and they could see no possible way
of preventing such an exhibition as was
proposed. The following letter was re
ceived from Manager Groom:
I. J. Truman, Esq., President of Civic Federa
tiun—Dear Sin: Permit me, representing the
National Athletic Club, to present a brief
statement to your meeting set for 3 p. m. to
day. Mr. Corbett has consented merely to go
on for four rounds, and he will give to the
public an exhibition of skill and training, not
a slopging match. The entertainment will be
conducted strictly within the pale of the law
under the supervision of the Chief of Police.
The directors of the club are all gentlemen of
standing in the business community, and
would not for a moment countenance a viola
tion of the law. Mayor Sutro and acting Mayor
Taylor can bear us out in the cairn that our
exhibitions are conducted with the utmost
regard for the law. Furthermore, we always
contribute a reasonable sum to charity. From
four of our exhibitions we have given to the
Cuildrens' Hospital $1333 33, and we have
aereed on this occasion to donate the sum of
$'.250 to the Little Sisters' Infant Shelter.
Trusting that you and the entire Federation
will take the view that we merely propose to
give an exhibition, not a prizefight, I am very
respectfully, J. J. Groom,
Manager National Athletic Club.
P. S.— l would be pleased if it meets your ap
probation, that you appoint a committee to
attend our exhibition, and judge for yourself
as to the character oi the same.
J. J. Gkoom, 942 Market street.
After considerable discussion it was
decided that the Federation should
take the directors of the club at
their word, and rely on them Keeping the
contest witnin the law. Rev. Thomas
Filben, who had spoken in favor of pre
venting the contest if possible by law,
then introduced the following resolution:
Whereas, It has come to the notice of tne
Civic Federation that a so-called boxing bout
between professionals is about to be held in
this City; imd whereas, we fear that this exhi
bition is but the entering-wedge for introduc
ing again in this City a reign of slogging
matches under a false guise, such as disgraced
this City a few years ago, demoralizing our
youth and resulting in the permanent injury
of many persons and the death of one,
Sesolved, That we deplore this exhibition be
cause it is likely to nave pernicious effects;
that we call for such amendments to the law as
will prevent exhibitions of this sort between
professionals; that while we believe the acting
Mayor has acted entirely within the bounds ol
thediscretion given him by the law in grant
ing the permit, we request the Chief of Police
to see to it carefully that the law is not vio
lated by these parties, and that our committee
be requested to call on Chief Crowley to that
end; that acommitteeof this federation be ap
pointed to attend the exhibition and Bee to it
— — -o
[ that the promises made in this case be not vi
lated and the law be not overridden.
Resolved, That if a felony is committed in this
instance we pledge the Civic Federation to fol
low up the prosecution of all guilty parties.
The resolution passed unanimously and
C. B. Perkins, Charles Wesley Reed,
George T. Gaden, A. G. Towne and James
L. Case were appointed to attend the exhi
| bition.
On invitation of the Merchants' Associ
ation a committee consistine of I. J. Tru
man and Charles Wesley Reed was ap
pointed to attend the convention to be
held in the interests of the new charter.
A HERO IN OAKLAND.
Sharkey Is Followed by Admiring
Crowds Wherever He May
Choose to Go.
Oaki-axd Office, San Fbancisco Call )
"JOB Broadway, June 12. )
Oakland at present harbors a hero.
Whenever he appears on the street a crowd
follows him and when he enters a barber
shop policemen have to keep clear the
sidewalk.
This hero is a man of muscle and his
condescension in paying Oakland a short
visit lor professional purposes is greatly
appreciated by the sports and small boys.
They have declared him their idol and he
is welcome to the best that they can give
him. It is true that sports and small
boys do not thrive within the territory
governed by the city ordinances, but the
coming of the hero seems to have given
birth to a new clas?. They seem to have
come from nowhere and the average staid
Oaklander passes by on the other side
when he sees them.
Oakland is not nsed to gazing upon men
who wear the fore part of their hats on
their noses; who wear check pants tight
from the knee down, and who say "See?"
and talk about such illegal things as bets
and prize-fights. Neither is it accustomed
to see small boys carrying on all manner
of impromptu prize-fights to the unmiti
gated delight of crowds of other small
boys. But these things are here now, and
they have come with SharKey— Thomas
Sha'rkey of the United States navy, who is
now training at the Acme Club.
If there is a big crowd anywhere in
town, Sbarkey is the cause of it; if outside
a saloon, Sharkey is drinking lemonade;
if outside the Acme Club, Sharkey may be
exuected to appear within a couple of
hours after punching the bag and wrest
ling with his trainer— and two hours are
nothing to the crowd that now "occupies"
the city if a positive view of Mr. Sharkey
be the reward.
The interest in the man who will ex
change blows with Mr. Corbett is not
however confined to sports or small boys.
To the surprise of the residents cf this
city Mr. Sharkey is an object of interest
to women also, and whenever there is a
crowd around the sailor boy part of it is
always composed of natty summer cos
tumes the wearers of which are shaded by
parasols.
Mr. Sharkey is not unmindful of the in
terest he is creating. In fact he rather
enjoys it. A sailor's life is a thankless
existence and an honest son of the briny
is almost as much a stranger to society as
an exile. When attention is shown it is
so unusual that it is invariably pleasant
after the marine bashf ulness has worn off
and Snarkey, although very gentlemanly,
has long ceased to be bashful.
The Acme Club has not been so popular
with its own members for months as it
has been since Mr. Sharkey went there
to put imaginary Corbetts to sleep and
prepare himself for evading the spirit of
the law of California and of morality.
Should Sharkey win, the Acme Club will
be able to get out of debt instanter. The
bags that Sharkey punched; the razors he
was snaved with, the copies of the paper
that he folded with tbe hands that floored
Corbett, tbe sponge his trainer is using,
the planks of the floor on which he trained
and indeed a series of things as long and
having as much connection with the fight
as the rat to the marriage in "The house
that Jack built," all these would be sold
in Oakland on the night of Sharkey's suc
cess at prices that would enable the Acme
to lease tbe Reliance building as an annex
to their own clubrooms.
These statements are not exaggerated.
They make a correct story of life in Oak
land.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
First Sugar Cargo From Tope
lobampo Arrives en the
Coos Bay.
H. S. Scott, a Relative of President
Colnon, to Be Made Assistant
Chief Wharfinger.
The Coos Bay, whicii arrived from
Mexican ports yesterday, will not run on
that route again for some time to come.
Trade has fallen off and Goodall, Perkins
and Co. have come to the conclusion that
there is no necessity for two boats on the
run.
On the way up the Coos Bay stopped at
Topolabampo and brought up 450 tons of
sugar. The Aguila Sugar Refinery is now
in full blast, and this is the first consign
ment it has turned out this year. The
raw sugar is of good quality and compares
favorably with the Hawaiian article. Cap
tain Jansen cf the steamer, reports that
there is a fine harbor there, but that the
place is a barren desert. Water has to be
brought from the ocean ten miles-pway.
Strange to say within ten feet of saltwater
a hole can be dug and pure fresh water
bubbles up.
"Out of all the American families who
went to the much-advertised Topolobampo
only three remain," said Captain Jansen
yesterday. "One is a Mrs. Patrick and her
13-year-old daughter, and they only remain
because they cannot raise enough money
to come back to America. They went from
Vermont, and the husband was a hard
working man. While on a trip inland one
night he fell asleep in bis wagon and some
of the peons cut his throat and stole the
horse and everything in the vehicle. One
of them was arrested and hanged, but that
did not help the widow. Mrs. Patrick and
her daughter are sometimes without food,
and yet they have plenty of furniture and
thincs that would bring good prices in
San Francisco. Her husband was a Mason,
and some of his old comrades should do
something toward releasing her from her
penal servitude.
"When the colonists first settled at
Topolobampo everything went well. A
young graduate from Vassar started the
Topolobampo News, and it paid its way
for a time. Ttien everybody began to leave
the place, and finally the young adven
turess was brought to sore straits. She
could not raise money on her plant, and
finally she married W. Duncan, the man
who edited her paper and set up the type.
They are now keeping the only store in
the vicinity, and make a good living by
selling mescal and cigarettes to the In
dians. Everybody lives on beans and tor
tillas down there, and the Americans in
the interior assured me that they had not
seen butter for ten years. While the Loos
Bay was loading I rode ten miles inland,
and for the entire distance I saw nothing
but rock and sand. Finally I reached a
Mexican ranch, and that was the only
place within thirty miles where fresh
water could be found.
"Tne sugar came down the river from
Aguila in boats, but the peons who loaded
it into the Coos Bay marched the thirty
miles to the landing in six hours. They
had a meal of tortillas on starting and an
other on their arrival. As soon as the
steamer was loaded they had another corn
cake and started on the tramp or run
back. It is hot enough there to roast the
skin off a man, but it did not even make
the Indians sweat. The sugar industry
may revive Topolobampo, but at tbe
present time it is a God-forsaken country."
Billy Moe, the boatman, started for
Santa Cruz in a steamlaunch, with his
Whitehall in tow, a few days ago. His in
tention was to carry passengers to and
from the Philadelphia and Monadnock,
and also act as bumboatman. During tbe
night the launch ran on Pigeon Point and
the Whitehall stove in. Billy is now tramp
ing it back to San Francisco.
Four of the Sharpshooter's crew deserted
Thursday and stole one of the vessel's
boats. They filled the boat up with sand
and sank it under Selby's old smelting
works. It was recovered to-day, but no
sign of the men can be found.
The men from the Philadelphia had an
other drill on Lombard-street wharf yes
terday preparatory to the exhibition drill
in Golden Gate Park to-day.
The schooner Lizzie Vance will get new
masts in at Kureka. and then load lumber
for Sydney, N. S. W.
The Pacific Mail Company's Acapulco
arrived from Panama and wayports yes
terday. The storm that prevailed last
Wednesday night kept her back six hours.
The following cabin passengers came on
her:
Miss Maggie \V. Kenna, Mrs. J. A. Joyce, D.
Ames, Francisco V. IVralta, Benjamin Baruch,
E. Brens, Pedro Jaminaz, J. A. Pacas, Maximo
Martinez and two sisters, L. Eichenberger, F.
G. Mortimer, Dr. David Luno and brother,
Major Killibrew and wife, F. Romero and fam
ily, R. W. Deutsch and family, H. K. James,
Captain J. M. Dow, Mrs. Ygnacio Aritza and
boy, George Melendez, Salvador Sol, J. A. Mar
ti nero, Miss Concepcion Esguivel. Miss Ytabel
Rodezno, A. Coronado and wife. W. C. Kaelri,
Mrs. M. de Felichee and fmnily, James Otis, E.
Tatillion and wife. W. J. Morgan, Miss C. Hem
beran, Francisco Escolon, E Castillio and two
brothers, Eulalia Morales, William Alici, An
ton i a Bado and family, J. D. Cripe, Mrs. W.
Sullivan, Mrs. M. de Mendoza and two daugh
ters, Miss M. Butler, Carlos G. Cuno, Fred
Grannis, Fred Likins, Levnarde Mena, M. Ulla,
Miss E. Castellano and sister. Francisco Olloa,
C. V. Lemus and brother, J. M. £amajoa, F. W.
Wittenbrock, Jose Calra, Francisco Herrera,
Mrs. H. Harrison, F. Codillac and wife.
Lumber dealers are afraid of glutting the
marxet. Although they have all com
bined still they are afraid of some one
member breaking away and starting a rate
war. At the present time there are three
schooners in Mission. Bay awaiting a
chance to discharge, and there are twelve
more on tne way. In consequence the
freight rate has dropped from S3 50 per
1000 feet to $2 75, and the tendency is still
downward.
Edward Short, wharfinger at Mission
street wharf, who has been for the past six
months acting as assistant chief wharfin
fer, is to return to his old post on July 1.
[. 8. Scott, a relative of President Colnon
of the State Board of Harbor Commission
ers, and collector at section 2 of the sea
wall, will probably be appointed to the
vacant position.
NEW TO-DAY.
mountToLivet
CEMETERY,
INCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN VfK-iT,
Kii.Lhts of Pythias, Improved Order Ited Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery sisso-
ciutions, San Mateo County; nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian; In no sensj exclusive;
title perfect: location unexcelled.
Please call at office. 997 Market St., before seiect-
ing burial place elsewhere.
MAJOR-GENERAL BIRNEY
Uses Paine's Celery Compound in His Family, and
Strongly Recommends It
Major-General Birney, who is now, at
the age of 75, practicing law and doing de-
partmental work in Washington, the un-
flinching commander, at the battle of
Fredericksburg, of the famous 38th New
York Regiment, in a letter to Wells &
Richardson Company, says:
'•My wife has been taking the Paine's
celery compound for some time past and is
so much pleased with it that she wishes
me to express to you her high opinion of
its merits. She thinks it is the best remedy
she has ever tried."
Genera' Birney's hearty acknowledg-
ment of the greatand lasting good that his
family has received from Paine's celery
compound is repeated, in substance, in
countless testimonials, written in the same
grateful spirit and sent from every part of
the country.
Don't sit with folded arms and do noth-
ing toward getting rid of poor nealth.
Drive out all impurities from your blood;
build up the vigor of the body v.-ith Paine's
celery compound — the one remedy that
has kept all its promises in the past.
The tired nerves and brain need just the
sort of nourishment that this great invigo-
rator is able to supply.
Now is t he time when Paine's celery com-
pound, aided by the favorable influences of
J « "Knocks Out All Others/ •
1
? • PLUG I
y The Large Piece and High
(J Grade of "Battle Ax" has injured J
the sale of other brands of higher #*
C prices and smaller pieces* Don't 1
allow the dealer to impose on you £
■y. by saying they are "just as good " \
y. as "Battle Ax/ for he is anxious y
3 to work off his unsalable stock* . r
9JW 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
OPECTALTY-DISUASES OF MEN, INCLITD- I
'-'ins,' all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dig- '
eases a privuteimtiire. Over2oyears' experience. i
Book sent frpp. Patient* cured at Home. Terms I
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evening*. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consultation
sacredly confidential. Call or address «"•"«
— :;; jp. BoseoE M«»tITT, M. n.,
90,)j Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
P FIFTY- DOLLAR
ELECTRIC BELTS
■j^^iA-__l^B L">«>K %'i&\ «40 BELTS '
HswfijnsfefMßlelf " for 820 > and $30 Belts ;
for $ 16; HlBC.good belts for !
'n-jif* r^TOA^/i'-Yl ,*5. latest patent and all
{■ 1 " Improvements. £3" Call
*fc!?f? or write for new pamphlet
r*»* No. '2. Address DX.
PTERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, Ban irancisco,
the season, fairly outdoes itself. It searches
out the hidden causes of debility, neural-
gia, rheumatism and those constantly re-
curring headaches. The wornout nervous
tissues are invigorated. Paine's celery
I compound is the one successful nerve
regulator that cures diseases without any
possibility of a return of the trouble.
Take Paine's celery compound this very
day.
It won't do to postpone gettine strong
and well until you have a vacation.
Do as thousands of others have done to
their great joy, take I'aine's celery com-
pound. It will invigorate at once your
impoverished nervous system.
If you really want to "pet well read the
letters recently published from such men
as Justice Powers, Congressman Grout,
Congressman Meredith of Virginia, As-
sistant United States Attorney John C.
Capers, Congressman Wilbur of ' New York,
Congressman Bell, Lieutenant McAllister,
Congressman Neil and many others who
are fully as careful of what they recom-
mend. The perusai of a few of these per-
sonally signed, hearty testimonials of
Paine's celery compound will give any
one a clear idea of what this wonderful
remedy is doing in every State in the
Union, anil in every city and village.
It is making people well.
PChteherter's Emsllah Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<£~-v Original »nd Only Oennlne. A
•»«, alwijs reliable, ladies »«i is\
rs)\ V>ift Drngxirt for CKirhetter't FnqlUh Die-jKpl\
for\^^J&3\mo»d Brand in Ki-il »nrl Gold Bieui;ic\\J«r
—ZViyjboi". scaled with bine rlhbon. Take \Sf
i*n 0^ Vv3n° other. ftcfwie dangtrowi tubttifrt- V
[' / .— tiont and imitations. Druggists, or tend 4e.
I W • Jf in •tampt for particular!, t'itiracniiii and
V IS* D "Kcllef for I,uiil«.'" in tetter, hr ret Bra
— \_ if HaiL 10,000 TrKtiraoDtili. Kami Paper.
. v — — rfh«chei«t»rCkemlci»lCo.,ila<lli»enH(3a«rah
lelrt to nil Local Dructiiu. i*hll»d-v, pi
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— Rl5-
-modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 60c to $1 50 per day, $J
to $8 per week, $8 to «30 per luontn: free baths;
hot and cold water every room; tire gnuei la
every room: elevator runs allnlsht,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
r»HARLEB H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNKY-AT.
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 67a Residues Itud
Ji'eUiu Teleohone, "Pias" -s'Ji.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull. Oats advanced-
Corn and Rye stagnant.
Brewing Barley lower.
Beans neglected.
Hay unchanged.
Fifteen Failures last week.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter a fraction higher.
Choice Eggs firm. Cheese as before.
Tomatoes higher. Other Vegetables lower.
Poultry dull and weak.
Cherries keep up.
Peaches and Apricots easier.
Berries steady.
Samples of n"w Dried Apricots received.
Provisions quiet.
Hides, Tallow and Wool unchanged.
Hogs weak.
Coal in decreased supply.
Some kinds of Rice lower.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 15
failures in the Pacific Coast Btawa and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 14
for the previous week and 23 for the corresponding
week of 1896. The failures for the past weeK are
tlividea among the trades as follows: 1 clothing
and men's uirnisliing goods, 1 "rugs. 2 dry goods,
2 liquors, I hotel, S« planing mills, 8 grocers, 2 gen
eral stores, 1 butler, etc
FTxplanatlon.
Toe arrow flies with the wind. The top figure* '■
at station indicate maximum temperature for the j
lays: those underneath it. if any, the Amount of i
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huiidredtbs, !
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid I
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted Hues, equal temperature. The |
word "hich" means high' barometric pressure and |
Is usually accomDanied by fair weather: "low" j
refers to low pressure, ami is usually preceded :
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. I
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington !
coast, Whin the pressure is high in the interim
and low along the coas.,aiid the isobars extend.!
north and south along the coast, rain is probable; i
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BIBtAC REPORT.
• United States Department of agbicul
ti'be. Weather Bureau, Bah Francisco, June
la. 1896. 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51 90, last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43.
last season 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, last season
'25.70; Fresno 8.16. last season 14.67; San Luis
Übispo 17.70, las: season 26.04; Los Angeles 9.35,
last season 16.10; San Die™ 5.93, last season
12.-J0: Vuma .88. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58, Red Bluff 98, San Francisco 64,
' Fresno 104, San Luis Obispo, 82, Los Angeles 96,
San Dleao 84, Vuma 118.
San Francisco -Maximum temperature 84,
minimum 49. mean 53.
The pressure is highest tnis evening off the
Washington coast and lowest In Southern Arizona
and Alberta. A trough of low pressure lies along
the eastern base of the Rocky Mountains, ex
tending from the British possessions to Mexico.
The pressure Is rising rapidly over Northwestern
Washington and falling slightly along the South
ern California coast.
The temperature has risen decidedly over Mon
tana. Idaho and Utah ana fallen over Oregon and
Washington. Temperatures In the interior val
leys of California to-day ranged from 96 at Red
BiuS to 118 at Yuma.
Conditions are favorable for continued fair warm
weather.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty honrs
ending midnight, Jane 13, 1896:
Northern California— Fair to-night and Satur
day : brisk northerly winds along the coast.
.Southern California— Fair to-night and Saturday:
fresh westerly winds. ' .- '■■• ■ ■'. ,\
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair to-night and
Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair to-night and
Saturday; brisk westerly wlnas Saturday after
noon. W. H. I^aumon, Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— Stocks were
strong to-day and the net changes show moderate
gains. The improvement in pries as a rule was
less than a point, but considering the strength of
sterling exchange and the engagement of over two
millions of gold for export the advance came in
the nature of a surprise to operators who have
been active in depressing values during the week.
London was mainly responsible for the strength
of the market in the first hours, Its purchases
being placed at 10,000 shares. The change of
sentiment on the part of foreigners was due. to ad
vices from this country that the prospects for the
adoption of a sound-money platform by the St.
Louis convention had improved and that the free
silver advocates will not be able to dictate the
financial policy of the Democratic party at the
Chicago convention.
London firms in consequence bought their favor
ites and there was also more inquiry for low-priced
mortgages from Amsterdam and Berlin. The ad
journment of Congress, it must be said, also had a
favorable influence with home operators, who
added to their holdings. The improvement was
most pronounced in the internationals, grangers.
Southwestern and l'acific Mail. Purchases of
Louisville and Nashville were made after the
. publication of the statement, for the first week of
June, which shows a gain of $ 41,000 as compared
with the corresponding week of last year, sugar
was depressed early in the day on the further re
duction in the price of refined of 1 1-16.
In the afternoon tradin; the stock rallied from
J'_"J3 S to 1233/ (£122%. Manhattan lacked su -
port and fell to 1003,4 less dividend of 1y 2 per
cent on the hitch with the Rapid Transit Commis
sion In the matter of extensions, speculation left
off quiet and generally firm. Net changes show
gains of *4@% Per cent. Sugar lost % per cent.
Total sales were 140,000 shares.
Bonds were higher. Sa cs footed up $ 925.000.
Atchison adjustment fours rose li/ 2 t0. 41%;
Chicago and Northern Pacific fives certificates. 1
to 43%.: Hockine Valley consolidated fives, 114
to 86%; Kansas and Texas seconds, iy to 68;
do fours, 3/4 to &3 l Wisconsin Central fives cer
tificates, 1 to 34.
In Government bonds 95000 coupon tours of
1907 sold at 109%. '
drain. ; .■■ • •■■■.•
FLOUR — Unchanged, quiet, steady. Rye
flour easy, quiet, unchanged.
CORN M L- Unchanged, quiet.
RYE— Unchanged, quiet.
BARLEY— Unchanged.
BARLKY MALT— Unchanged.
WHEAT— DuII, firm; f. o. b.. 72%e; ungraded
red, 63®73c; No. 1 Nortnern, 68c.
Options irregular, closed unchanged with only a
local scalping trade and prices following the W<-st-
Foreign houses bought an o sold. July and Sep
tember most active. No. 2 red. June, 648/gc: July,
64% c: August, 63Vic: September, 64c; October,
64% c; December, 65% c.
CORN — Dull, firm: No. 2, 3334 c elevator:
34 »ic afloat.
Options were very dull and closed firm atygc
advance July and SeptemDer only traded In
June. 33% c: July, 34y c; September, 85y 8 c:
October. 353, gc. '
OATS— »■ aster.
Options dull. firm. June, 22c; July, 2214 c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 24%p; No. i white, 22c:
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OKKIOK *'
623 Mark ft St., PAlace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. FUKDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIUK M2W YORK.
■ No. 2 Chicago, '23c; No. 3, 21c: No. 3 white.
23Vic: mixed Western, 2'2»4c®23c: while Western
and white state, •25@^8c.
FEED BRAN— Unchanged, 55@60c
MIDDLINGS— Unchanged, 6U®65&
RYE— Unchanged: feed.bUc.
Provisions. \ ,
BEEF— Steady, quiet; unchanged: beef hams,
inactive, $14 50: ilerced beef, steady; < ity extra
India mess, $11@:3; cv: meats, steady, quiet;
pickled bellies, 1:2 pounds, 4@4y g c: do shoulders.
4i i 1 ' 3 c: do hams, 9i>4@9%c.
LARD— lower; Western steam, $4 5;
city, $4 05; July, $4 45. Refined, dull. eas>y;
continent, $4 65; South American, $5 10; com
pound, 4®4i4c. ' '
PORK-Active, steady; old mess, $8 26@8 60:
new mess, $8 76®9.
BUTTER — Easy; Stale dairy, ld®lsc; do
creamery. ll@15c: Western dairy, B<all%c: do
creamery, 11@15%c; do factory, 8@llc; Eigius,
15®15y a c; imitation creamery, 10®12c.
CHEESE— Fancy, firm; State large, 6%©63,4 c;
do small, 6@7c; part skims, 2@4%c; full skims,
iy2@2c
K<-i(;s— steady: State and Pennsylvania,
I'2(a;i2i^c: Western fresh, ll%@12o: do per case,
$1 50®3.
TALLOW— Quiet: city. 3y a c: country. 3Vic.
COTTON SEED OIL — Dull: crude, 20y c: do
oft grades. "4 5 ,4@25c; yellow prime. 24%@25c
RESIN — Jjutl, steady: strained, coiumon to
good, $1 70® 1 721, ...
Tb UPKNTINK-Quiet, steady: 25%"@26c
POTATOES — Choice, steady, good demand; !
Southern, 76c@$3 50.
RlCE— Quiet; Domestic, fair to extra, S@s3 / 4c.
MOLASSES— -teady; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c,
COJfFEE— Quiet: 5 points Tip to 6 points down;
July, $11 65; August, $11 05: September. $10 65
@10 70: October, $10 SO: December, $10 05®
10 10. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7, 13% c
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady; fair refining,
3 516 c; centrifugals, 96 test, 3 13-16 c. Refined,
dull, 11-16 c lower: off A, 4 7-16®4%c; mold A,
514 c: standard A, 6c; confectioners' A, 4%c: cut
loaf, 56/ 8 c; crushed, 8 c; powdered, 6 6-16 c;
granulated, sc; cubes, 6y*c.
Fruit and Produce. -
ALMONDS-None.
: APRICOTS— Bags, By a @loc; Moor parks, 12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %t U>, 12@13c; do unpeelea,
6%@Bc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3y4@3%c: do three
crowu, 4@4ysc: do tour-crown, 4 c: do .London
layers, 90c@$l.
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, 2y 2 <aßc:
Pacific Coast. 2y @7c.
WOOL— Steady : domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
16®33c: Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate; active; American,
#10 75(313.
COPPER-Higher: lake. $11 50@12.
LEAD— FIat: domestic. $3.
TlN— Flat: straits, $13 40®13 5a
PLATES— Quiet.
bPELXEH-Dull: domestic, $4 06@410.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ili», June 12.— The wheat market
was in a restless, unquiet ate to-day, the flurry
which marked the closing monents of yesterday's
session having left its traces In the form of an
unsettled feeling in the trade. scalpers were the
only traders, the country not displaying any de
sire to act under the existing conditions. An easy
tone at the opening was ascribed to weak Liver
pool cables and to heavy Northwestern receipts,
471 cars, but the price did not remain in the starl
ing position long, a covering movement by shorts
taking place ver> soon after trading began.
Later the course of the market was er.atlc and
seemingly regardless of the news. Receipts at Chi
cago were 10 cars, and 83,730 busrWs were taken
from store. Closing Paris cables were lower, Ant
werp unchanged and Berlin unchanged to % mark
higher. Export clearances were light at 265.037
bushels. July wh at opened from 67Vic to 57c,
advanced to 58% c, closing at 57' a c, a shade j
higher than yesterday, tstimated receipts tor to
morrow, 14 cars.
CORN This market was also irregular and was
so apparently because of the uncertain action of
wheat. Trade was not of suilicient volume to
cause wide fluctuations, however, and the sym
pathy between the markets mere y served to
cause strength or weakness without important
alterations in values. Receipts were 388 cars, and
199,499 bushels were withdrawn from "store.
Liverpool cables were quiet. Export clearances
amounted to 155.811 bushels, seotember corn
opened at 28% c, advanced to -'9Vb c > closing at
28%@29c, a shade higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 415 cars.
OATS— The tone acd action of oats were with
reference to the other markets. No important j
feature developed, and but little interest centered
in the market. Receipts were 250 cars, and
56,000 bushels were withdrawn from store. Ex
port clearances were only 130 bushels. July oats
closed a shade higher than yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 300 cars
FLAX— Steady. Cash, 80y 2 <a>-034c; July, 81c
asked; September, 82c. Receipts were nine cars.
PROVISIONS— opening nrm and higher,
out of respect to strength in the hoi.- market, provi
sions settled back because of indifference of the de
mand und the dullness of trade. July pork closed
s@B%c lower. July lard 6c lower ana July ribs a
shade lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was quiet and
steady to-day. Offerings were fair ana the de
mand moderate. Creameries— Extras, 14% c;
firsts, 13 @ 14c: seconds, 10@12c; imitations,
fancy, 12c. Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, lie;
seconds, 9c. Ladles— Extras. 10@10%c; firsts,
B%(a9c; packing stock, >-c: roll, 61g,7c.6 l g,7c.
EUGS— Were easy, Offerings were liberal and
the demand slow. Fresh stock 9c per dozen.
MONEY — Was 6@ti% on call and 6% on
time loans. New lork exchange sold at 65c
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 57Vic; July. 67% c: September,
58c.
CORN— June 27y 4 @3Bc; July, 4 @27%c;
September, 28%@29i.
OATS— JuIy, l,y a c; September, 17%e.
PORK— July. $7 17%; September, $7 32%.
LARD— JuIy, #4 17y ; September, *4 32%.
itlliS— July, $3 87y 2 ; September, $4 02%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, ill., June 12. — The
arrivals of cattle to-day were moderate. The de
mand was fair and prices firm. There was a brisk
d m and for hogs to-day. Receipts were not large
and prices advanced s®loc. Sheep and lambs were
firm and 10c higher, 'offerings were moderate and
the demand good. .
CATTLE — Receiots. 3500. Fancy beeves.
$4 40 4 60: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700' pound
steers. $4 05:«.-» 35-. eood to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 85(3)4: medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds. $3 70(0,3 80; common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 50®3 65: ieeders,
900 to 1200 pounds. $3 40@3 85: common to choice i
stocken. $2 85@3 40; bulls, cnoice to extra, $2 80 ;
@3 25: cows and heifers, extra, $2 85®3 40; cows, i
fair to choice. $2 30&3 50: cows, common to fair
canners'. $1 "25*2 25: calves, common to good $39 |
6 25; Texas fed steers. $3 10@3 85: Texas grass :
steers, $2 45(a,4: Texas cows and bulls. $2®
2 85; milkers ana springers, per head, $20®35;
common to choice stockers, $2 65@3 46: bulls,
choice to extra, $2 80(o3 00; bulls, poor to choice,
$2 00@2 75; calves, good to choice. $4 76(a>5 25.
HOGS— Receipts. '22,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 05®3 27%: common to choice
mixed. S3 o'><<z.3 35: choice assorted. *3 05(3.3 40;
light, $3 10@3 50; pigs. $2 50&3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 900 U. inferior to c&olc*,
$2&4; lambs, $2&6 26.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. 111., June 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Union Auction
to-day, at the following prices: Cherries— Black
Blgareaus, $I@l 60 per box; Black Tartarians, 65c
©$1 75; Royal Annes, $1 25; Centennials, $1 20.
Porter Bros. Company sold in Union Auction
rooms to-day California cherries at following
prices: Assorted, $1 55; Royal Annes, $1 25®
1 40; Tartarians, 95:@$1 '20; Blgareaus, 95c®
$1 15.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc
tion to-day at the following prices: Apricots-
Royals, $1 25@2 05 per half crate; Seedlings,
$1 25(&1 50: Skyhlghs, $1 60. Plums— Clymans,
$1 20@l 65 per half crate. Peaches— Alexanders,
85c@$l 45 per box. Cherries— Black Tartarians,
80c@$l 25 per box: Black Bigareaus, 80c@$l 25;
Royal Annes, 95c; Governor Wood, 80c.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-day in Union
Auction-room California cherries as follows: As
sorted, $2 15: Rockports, $1 35; Tartarians, 90c@
XI 05; a few In bad order at 45c; Blgareaus,
90c@$l. '
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 12.— R. G. Dun A Co.
will Bay to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Failures for the week have been 246 in the United
States against 241 last year, and 27 In Canada
against 24 last year.
Speculative reaction has not in the least changed
the business outlook. The fictitious price made
for wheat and cotton meant no good except for in
dividuals and - the change to prices more nearly in
accord with actual relations of demand and supply
only conform* to conditions which have been well
known for months. .The nttac - on stocks Wednes
day was so plainly artificial that its Influence
passed with the day and neither in foreign rela
tions nor in domestic business was there anything
to Justify alarm.
The Government report as to wheat incicated a
much smaller yield than anybody really expects,
but that has become so much the rule that the re
port had no real influence, and the principal effect
was the serious depreciation I caused by large sales
in anticipation of . the report, which seemed to be
thoroughly known in advance to some specula
tors. The Government estimate as to cotton was
unexpectedly favorable, and has caused a decline
of more than halt a cent In a single week.
Railroad earnings for the first week of June were
4.1 per cent tarter than last year.
It is not the time to look for marked improve- i
ment in Industries, and the best thins that can be
said of them is that none have as yet been seri
ously disturbed by threatened labor difficulties. It
seems yet probable that all such difficulties may
be averted, except, perhaps, the controversy about
the wages of lron-puddlers and tinplate-workers.
The output of pig Iron June 1 was 182.220 torn
weekly, against 189,398 tons May 1, while the
stocks unsold, including those held by the great
steel companies, amounted to . 785,943 tons,
against 769,911 May 1. This goes to show that
while : consumption is fair, it is much below
the actual output of pig iron, and mar
kets are extremely dull, because a great num
ber of orders for finished products are kept back
by uncertainty regarding the maintenance of
prices by the various pools and combinations. The '
billet pool hap been able to make its first large sale,
but with a guarantee of the price | for months to
come, while middlemen are still selling billets at
Pittsburg 50c to $1 per ton lower than the I pool
price and the apprehended weakness In finished
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
products has clearly appeared, nl though the nail
assocla ions by taking in two Pittsburg firms have
been able to hold prices for a time, but steel bars
have been sold at lc against Voc asked in the same
market for Iron barn. Other changes in natations
are not material but in ail the markets the . ten
dency is towardiower prices.
The demand tor boots and shoes seems slightly
better, notwithstanding an advance of 2%c per
pair is demanded on some staple qualities. . .The
textile manufacturers are ■ making no improve
ment. The accumulation of co:ton goods contin
ues. Print cloths have declined to the lowest
point ever reached and a general stoppage to re
lieve the market, is expected. Sales of wool in
two weeks of June have been only 5,823,000
pounds against 12,562.000 a year ago and no gain
is expected in the manufacture ■ for some time to
come. '
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., June Bank clearing
totals at the , principal cities for the week ended
June 11, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Brads reefs: ; ;\~a
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec
New York $614,098,226 6.8
Boston 8P,64r<.241 10.4
Chicago 86,1.-3,187 5.1
Philadelphia 66.995,117 10.5
Louis 21.363,090 19.3 |
Pittsburg 13,613,745 6.8
Cincinnati....; 12,372.'.'00 10.2
Baltimore 14,208,832 l.» \
San Francisco . 1'2,7!>'.tt30 3.0,!
Kansas City 9,273,914 11.6
New Orleans 0,87^,405 12.1
I Minneapolis 7.7r>8,7.5l 9.3
St. Paul 4,718,123 8.0
Omaha 4,821.748 45.6
Denver 2,456.409 23.4
Salt Lake 1,486,421 5.7
Los Angeles 1,205,191) 4.0
Portland, Or 1,141,009 7.3
Tacoma 447,299 23.3
Seattle 769,600 49.0
Spokane.- 511.754 30.2
Totals U. 8 $957,886,589 6.6
Outside of New You
City ~ 423,788,378 ...... 7.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Totals $22,971,222 7.5
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been more active; last loan at
2%%; closed offered at 2%%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4y a @6%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
6.SS&C. Sterling Exchange is firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87*4 for
sixty days and $4 86y a @4 86»/4. for demand.
Posted rates, $4 86V a ®4 89 Vs. Commercial bills,
$4 86®4 86%. Government bonds firm; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board was neglected.
. CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... a lNorfolk & Westrn. 4
Atchison 145 /8 | Preferred^. »%
Preferred 21% Northern Pacific. 4%
Adams Express... .l 47 Preferred 14i/a i
Alton, Terre Haute bO Northwestern 10214
American Expresslll Preferred 146%
American To Dacco. 6484 N. Y. Central 9.*>y±
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chlcago<fe-<.L. 12
BayStateGas 26Vi Ist preferred 75
Kait#ore&Ohlo.. 17% Yd preferred 30%
Brunswick Lands.. . %N. Y.& N. H. 174
buffalo, Roch P. 19 N. V. & New Eng. 45y a
Canada Pacific 6iy a N. V., Susq & W... H
Canada southern.. 49y 8 : Preferred 231/4
Canton Land 50%' Ontario 12
Central Pacific... 14 [Ontario & Western 14
dies. <fe Ohio .1 5% Oregon Improvmnt y 8
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred ;..
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago B. A Q.... 77 / i Orecon Short Line. 6
Chicai:o&E. 111... 41 I Pacific Mail 24% i
Preferred 99 Peorla, D. <fe Evans ly£ 1
ChlcagoGas 67»/» Pittsburg <!fc W. pfd 15
Cleve& l'Htsburg. .l63 'Pullman Palace.... 166
Consolidation Coal. 32 (Quicksilver. 1%
! Consolidated Ga5..155»4 Preferred 14
C. C. C. &Su Louis 33 Reading 9
Preferred . 82 RloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 26% Preferred 40
Preferred lUO IRock Island 70
Cotton Oil Cert 11 8 /i!Rome Wat«fcOgden.lls
Commercial Cable. lso St. L. & S. W 63/ 8
Del. Hudson 12-tyi Preferred 10
Del. Westrn. 161% St. Paul 76%
Denver* RJG..... 13 Preferred. 127
Preferred.. 4734 St. Paul A Dulnth. 20
Distillers 16% Preferred 85
General Electric... 32* i St. Paul A Omaha. 41%'
Erie 141/2 | Preferred 124% j
Preferred 8* St. P. M. & M 112
For; Wayne.. ......163 silver Certificates. 88%
Great Northern pfdllß southern Pacific... 183/ 4 ,
Green Bay %'Soutbern R. R J»
i Harlem 295 I Preferred 28
Hocking Coal 2% su>;ar Refinery ....122T/ 8
Hocking Valley.... 16 Preferred 1043,4 j
Homestake. 33 iTt-nn. Coal A Iron. 23
H. A Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central..... 92 Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 28y Tol. A. A.& N.Mich.
Preferred S3 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 10%' Preferred. 70
Preferred 24yiTol.St.LouisAK.C. 5
Kingston & Pern... 3 1 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 17y 2 l Union Pacific 7% 1
Preferred 70%|U. P. Den & Gulf.. 2V* \
LakeSbore ....152 V. S. Cordage 5V4 i
National Lead 24 y*; . Preferred IOV4 j
• Preferred......... 87% Guaranteed ...... 2oy 4 ,
Long Island 76 U.S. Express 45
Louisville* Nash. 50 U.S. Leather 8% :
Louisville. Na&Ch By a Preferred 63
Preferred 20 U. a Rubber 19%
Manhattan Consol. 101% Preferred 80
Memphis A Charts. 16 Utica AB. River.. l6o •
Moxican Central... 9% Wab. s. L. & Pac 6%
Michlga 1 Central.. 95 Preferred 17%
MinnAS. L. Wells-Fargo 96
Preferred ; Western Union 85V 8 !
Minn A St. L com. 17% Wisconsin Central. 1 1/
Ist preferred...... 76 Wheeling &L. E.. 9% I
preferred 46 /4i Preferred . S3
Missouri Pacific.. 22 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64%
Mobile* Ohio 203/ i \V. V. Beef 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8y ,
National Linseed.. I6V2' Preferred — —
N. J. Central 104 (Brooklyn Traction. 23% j
North American... 5y 8 Erie 2d ptd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
U!S 4s, registered.. 108 MX T 2ds 68
I)o4s. coupon.... 109% Do 4s 83V4 '•
U S 4s new, regstrdll6% Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon 116% N J Cent Gen 55... 119
Do 2s 94 Northern Pac lsts.ll3
Do 5s 112%! Do2ds 114
i o ss, coupon 112% Do 3ds 71
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 . Northwest Consols.l 37
Do 1897 10) Do deb 5s 109y 8
Do 1898 101) OR A lsts 112% !
Do 1899 100 StLAlronMtGenSs 78
Pacific -is of '95.... St L A 8 F Gen 112
DC 3-65s 109'V4St Paul Consols.... 132
Ala Class 105 St PCA Pa 15t5. ..118
Do Class 84, 65.. 105 ! Do Pac Cal lsts..
LaConsol4s 99 Southern RR 55... 92%
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 85y 8
N Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20%
Do 45...; 102 Union Pac 15t5 '96.103%
So Carolina 4%5...106 West Shore 45...... 106%
Term new 3s 81 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 65
Va funding debt... 68% R Grande West lsls 76
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio 65. . . .106
Do deferred 65... o Atchison 4s 78
Do trust rcpts st. 43/ Do2dsA... 41
Canada South 2ds. 104 GH4B A6s 105
Cen Puc lsts 0f '96.103 Do2d7s 99
Den* RG Ist 111% H A Tex Cent 65. .109
Do 4s. 91 Do con 6s. 109
Erie2ds... 64*4 Reading 4s 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 70y Missouri 6s. 100
Pa lsts Dendlvlll
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Emu,, June 12.— spot market
is quiet at 6s 6d@ss (id. Cargoes steadier at 26s
4y a d, arrived, sellers.
JTTURBS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s liy a d; July, 4s ll%d; August, is ll%d; Sep
tember, 4s liy d; October, 4s liy a d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esq.. June 12.— Consols, 113%;
sliver. 31 5-1 8 d; French Rentes, lOlf 65c. Bullion 1
into Bank of England, £9000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88*4
Sterling Exchange, sight - — 489%
Sterling Cables — 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver, 'ft ounce f — \ 68%
Mexican D011ar5...... 54*4 65
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— DuII and unchanged. No. 1, 97%c@ j
$1 ctl; choice, $1 01V4@l 02%; lower grades,
92i/2@95c; extra choice for milling, $1 06@l 16
ft ctl. . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 983ic ; 1000, 98% c. Seller '96, new,
storage paid— 4oo, 95% c.
Regular Mohnjno session— December— loo
tons, 9t3/ c; 200, 98*4 c; 400. 98V 8 c: 600, 98c.
Seller '96, new, storage paid— loo, 96c.
Afternoon session — December — 600 tons,
97 %c-. 3200, 9734 c.
BaRLEY— Feed Is quiet at the old prices. Brew
ing is lower and dull. Feed, 70®71Vic ft ctl;
choice, 72y @73»^c: Brewing, 75®80c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rkoiji.ar Morning Session— December— 2oo
tons. 70% c
a fternoon Session— December— 2oo tons. 70c;
200, 70y c.
■ OATS— Dealers report the market very firm, but
dull. Prices are rather higher again. • Milling are
quotable at 85@90c %> ctl: fancy Feed, 90c; good
to choice, 82%®87%c;. common to fair, 77%@
82y 2 c: Gray, 80®85c: Surprise, 95c(a>$l ft ctl.
CORN— Not much trade. Large Yellow, 87%@
90c: Small Round do, 97y a White, 80®85c ft ctl.
- . RYE— 7s®76iAc ft ctl. *O*B*BB[<3^M^:'V'- '^ '■ ''
BUCKWuEAI — 85@90c ft ctl.
FLOUR AND MILL6TUFFS.
• FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 « bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3. ■'-.:.'
CORNMEAL, , ETC. — Feed Corn, 19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, 20 50@21 ft ton. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 234®3c; extra cream do, > 2 c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats, 4 %c: Hominy, 4®4V C: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y a c; Farina,
4%c; Wholewheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4Uc;
Pearl Barley, ;4%0; Spilt Peas, 4:54 c; Green do,
sV*c It ft. -....-•■»- -.•:■-.-. ■ : .;
HAT AND FKKDSTUFFB.
BRAN-515@16 3 ton.
MIDDLINGS— ft ton for lower grades
and «18 50@19 50 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, ?16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $20 per ton; jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 ft ton. - .„ ._
HAY-No further change. New Wheat, $8®
10 50; New Wheat and Oat, $7 **%>?&•. new
Oat. $7®B ft ton: new Barley, , $6 50®7 50 $
ton; second cutting of Alfalfa, *6 ®fa 50.
Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat. H@
11 60 ft ton: Oat, $7@9: Wheat ;Oat.*B@l 1 ;
Barley, $7<<fiß 50 ft ton; Clover, 6®7 60 p ton :
Compressed Oat, $6 50@8; Compressed wheat, 87
@10 50; stock, $6@7 per ton.
»TR A W— 2O@4Oc * bale. * ,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-There are no changes in quotations for
the reason that there is'no business. Bayos, 90c®
$1: Small Whites, $1 25@1 35: Pea, $1 20®
1 30: Large Whites, 90c@*l: Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
SI 25; Blackeye $1 75; Red Kidney, nominal:
Limas, »2 50@2 70- Butters, $1 40@i 60 for small
and $1 25@l 50 for large. „
Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard.Sl 50®2 25 :TrIeste,«2®2 Yellow Mus
tard, 91 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary ,2%c
ft lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9% * &■• l»Pl »P e > 2%c»lo;
Hemp, 3i/ 2 c ft ft,. -„
DRIED PEAB-$1 25®1 40 ft ctl for Mies and
$1 25@1 45 for ureen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Are steady. New I otatoes, in
sacks, are quotable at 1 90c@$l 10 i* ctl:
new Early Rose in boxes from the River,
75c@l ft ctl: new Burbank Seedlings, 85c@$l 35;
Oregon iJurbanks, 85@95c: Early Rose. 50@60c:
Petaluma and Tomales, 65@75c 3 ctl; Humboldt
Burbanks. 70@85c ft ctl. ,
ONIONS— .are slow of sale at 25@30c ft sack.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 446 boxes As
paragus, 124 boxes Rhubarb and 340 sacks Peas.
There was considerable change Tomatoes were
higher, but Rhubarb, string Beans, Cucumbers
and Summer Squash were lower. Green Corn sold
at 25c ft dozen for Alameda and $1 26 * sack for
Stockton. -i-.. >'■-■.
Summer Squash. #I@l 25 for Bay and 4pc
@50c ft box in small Boxes; Egg Plant, 10c * lb;
Tomatoes, $1 26@1 75 ft box: Cucumbers, 40
@75c ft dozen: Asparagus, 60c@$l ft box for
ordinary and 81 25@2 for extra: Rhubarb, 35
®76c « box- Dried Peppers, 6@12%c: Green
Peppers, 15c ft lb: Green Peas. 50®76c ft sack for
common and $I@l 25 for Garden: String Beans,
2®*c ft lb; Horse Beans, ft sack: Dried
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46@50c *ctl; Garlic, 2®
.Sc ft lb. . ; .-a -■• * 1 " • ■-- ' ■ '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market is strong and a slight ad
vance is noted. . .
Creavkry— Fancy, 15c; specials higher; sec
onds, 2 @i4y 2 c ft tb.
Dairy— Fancy, 13% c; good to choice, 12%@
13c; lower grades, ll®l'2c.
CHEESE— Nothing new. The market continues
well stocked. Fancy mild new Is quotable at
6%c ft lb ; common "to good, 6(£>6c: Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7@Bc %i lb; Western, 10
©lie; Eastern, 12@12y c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs continue to creep up, but
lower grades are weak. Oregon Eggs, ll)%c.
Eastern Eggs, l('@l2c ft doz: store Eggs, Il@l2c:
ranch Eggs, 13@16c; uuck Eggs, 13®14c ft doz,
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— and young stock continue
to decline and all other descriptions are In good
supply and weak.
Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gobblers, B@llc for
Hens: Geese, ?! pair, 76c@$l 25: Ducks, $3@4
for old and $4@5 for young: Hens, $3 su@
4 50: Roosters, young, $6 @7: do, old. $4®
4 25: Fryers, $4 50@5: Broilers, $3@4 for large and
S2®2 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 25®1 50 ft doz
for young and old.
ME— .Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1329 boxes, selling at 76®85c for White, 85c@$l
$ box for Black, and 85c®$l for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, 7%@8y 2 c '$ lb for White ana 8®
9c for Black and B(a9c for Royal Anne, some
fancy black In small boxes sold at $1 15<ai 25.
Peaches, 40@75c ft box. and 76@5 5c ft basket.
Plums continue scarce nt 75cia;$l -& ft crate.
i Cherry P. urns, :->s@t>oc ft box
Red Apples. t>o@7sc ft box and 30@50c 'ft bas
ket and $1 60 ft large box: Green Apples, 35@50c
ft box In small and 21®1 '26 in large boxes and 30
(a, UK- ft basket.
Green Pears, 25(g)50c ft box and 25@35c V bas
ket.
Royal Apricrts, 40@75c ft box and basket.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 287
chests, selling at $7@lo ft chest for l.ongworths
and .$ liii.G for large berries.
Gooseberries, 2@3%c ft lb in bulk for ordinary.
Raspberries, $B@lo ft chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, $I@l 25 ft crate.
berries. ft chest and Si 26 ft crate.
Currants. $4@5 ft chest and some fancy goods
bring $ . Mildewed sock $3
CITRUS FRUITS— Fresh Limes nre expected
in a day or two. Oranges are quotable at $1 50
@2 25 ft box for Seedlings. $.i@4 V box for
Navels, $1 75@2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 50 \
2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, ( $1®
1 60 for common and $2®3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, ; California Limes, $1 1? box;
Bananas, $I®'2 fi bunch; Pineapples, $3@6 ft
dozen. '. -
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Samples of new Royal Apricots were received
yesterday. The fruit was bright, meaty and clean,
but rather small. According to the . views of
brokers and dealers the lots were worth about 8c
ft tb. t^V-'-r/r- 'r^ilW
dried fruits-
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c ft Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4y a c for evaporated;
Peaches, .l@scand6c. l @scand6c for fancy: Apricots, B%@
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10®llc ft
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, for im
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c ft lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c ft tb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3i/ic; Plums, SyjC ft tb for pitted and
I%®2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3y 2 r«;sc V lb for
prime to choice and 6yjC for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
ft lb: bun-dried, I%®2c: Peaches, 3%@5c and 6c
for fancy: peeled In boxes, 12y 2 c ft lb; Prunes, 3%
@4c for four sizes, 6c for 40®50's and 4V2C for
50@60's; Apricots, 6Va'a9c for prime to choice,
10(*ll for fancy Moorpark,: Figs, black, 3y a c:
White Figs, 3(*sc; Pears, 8c ft lb for evaporated
halves arid 4®"y2C for quarters; Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted and l®iy 2 c forunpltted: Nectarines,
4@sc "i l - Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. ban Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 33/ 4 c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2y a c ft lb; seedless Sultanas, 8%@3%c; seedless
Muscatels, 2y»@2%c; 3-crown London layers, 70c
ft box: clusters. $1 36@1 60; Dehesa clusters,
*2 11% 2 25; Imperial cluster*, $2 60@2 76: Dried
Grapes, ft lb. .
Jobbino Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, 3Vic 3 lb; 2-crown, 23 / 4@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90e; clusters, $1 50®l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .'
Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc ft Ib
for No. 1 bard and ll@l3c % Ib for pat>er-sh«ll,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7y c ft lb for Langue
doc and; B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, 6%®7c lor Eastern and 4V2@6%c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished: Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9©1(). ft lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50®5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c # Ib for
bright anil B@9c ft Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5®5y 2 c ft lb: light amber ex
tracted, 4i/4(ai:i,c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 3 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— and unchanged. Bacon,
6c for heavy, 7c ft lb for light medium, 9c ft lb for
light, 10c for extra lleht and 12c * to for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie ft Ib: Cali
fornia Hams, 10c ft lb; Mess Beef. $7 50®8;
extra mess do, $8 50<a»9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50®9; extra clear, $14 $ bbl;
mess, $12 ft bbl ; Smoked Beef, 10c ft tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6y4C ■ ft lb
for compound and 6%c for pure; palls. 7y 2 c;
California tierces, 5!4c for compound »nd 6V4c for
pure; half-bbls, 6i4®6y a c; 10-lb tins, 7y*c; do
6-lb, 7% ft lb. .
COTT'oLene— 6®6Vic in tierces and 6«54®7%c
Vlb in 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Prices have not changed
tor a week or more. Heavy salted steers quotable
at 7@7y 2 ft lb; culls and brands. 6@6%c ft lb:
medium, 6®6%c; culls and brands, 5@5y 2 c: light,
6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6@5%c; culls
and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip, 5c ft lb; salted
Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and brands, B®B%C; dry Kip and Veal, B@9c:
culls, 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35ceach; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; medium. 15@25c; i winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@16c each: short wool. 2i.®
3ftc each; meaium, 40®60c each; long wools, 60®
60c each. Culls of all kind* about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3y4@3V 2 c: No. 2,
8c; refined, 5%fc&64&c: Grease, 2%c «* Ib - •
WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@10%C;
ao lower grades, B®9V 2 c ft tb; Nevada, 6@9c;
San .Illinium and southern Coast, six months, 44£6 c;
San Jonquil], foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%ff16%c; northern free,
7@9c; do defective, 5@6%v ft lb. ' t- '■'■ }'■
HOPS-ly 2 ®3c ft lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain vacs, spot, $4 25; Ban
Quentln," $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Harrison's > circular says: During the
week there have been six arrivals from the Coast
mines with 10,066 tons of Coal and no arrival from
England or Australia. ' The imports are growing
gradually lighter, and the reduction of the quan
tity 1 in Jobbers' hands ,is showing itself very dis
tinctly; the amount received this week Is only
equal to about one-third of our actual consumption.
Some characters of foreign are almost entirely sold
out, with little hopes of a replenished stock for
months to come. A Coal famine is an Impossibility,
as British Columbia alone can increase her output
to meet this market; besides Corral Hollow will
shortly be a source of supply for lignite, also Coos
Bay and Washington are rendering a littla aid to
sustain our supply. The | principal sufferers are
those who contracted to furnish to consumers cei
tain bra-ids of Australian which are now unprocur
able; unaer the existing -circumstances the con
sumers must show leniency and permit of subst -
tutlons. The Australian strike is still In force;
meet ngs of the managers and men are occasion
ally called, but the acrimony existing has so far
delayed a compromise. If the miners succeed in
getting what they demand, viz., 12% c # ton ad
vance over former hewing rates, It becomes an as.
suranc? that the colliery proprietors will add this
to their future values when shipments recom
mence." , .
Wellington is quotable at $8; New Wellington,
«8 f ton; Southlleld Wellington, $7 50 W ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
M allsend, $7: Scotcn, *7 50; Brymoo. *7 50;
Cumberland. $11@12 in bulk and Sl3<ai4 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg". $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Canuel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pieasant Valley, *7 60; coke,
*y @12 in bulk and $13 * ton in sks.
RICE — Hawaiian and Japanese are lower.
Chinese mixed, 93 20@3 40: No. 1, 53 60@3 70 9
ctl; : extra No. 1, $3 90@4; Hawaiian, »3 25®
3 a, i/2 : Japan, S3 6. @i 90: Rangoon, $3 10.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: v. übe, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c;
Confectioners' A, 514 c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C, 4J/ 2 c: Golden C, 4S/ 8 . ; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP-Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
■p gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
' Hogs are lower and in good supply. No change
in Beef and Mutton. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock from slaughterers are as follows:
4 BEEF-First quality, s@sy a c; second ao, 4y @
4%c: third do, 3%@4c $ ttL
L - Large. 6@6c; small, 6@7c f, lb.
ML r I ON— Wethers, sy>@6c: Ewes. 5%c R>.
LAMB— spring Lamb. 6@b r y 2 c irt lb.
PUKK— Live Hogs. 3c # li, for large and 3V 8 @
3y4C for small and medium; dressed do, 4yi@sViC.
KIiCKIPTS OF PKODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 9.082,( heese, ctls 50
Wheat, ctls 45.130 Eggs, doz 10,230
Barlej.ctls. 7,l46Hides. no 281
Beans, 120 Pelts, bdls. 45
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,302 Wool, bis 96
Onions, sts. SlllWine, gals. 47,000
Bran, sks 625 Leather, r0115.... 207
Middlings, sks... 150 Quicksilver. 74
Hay. tons 326Tailow, ens 22
Butter, ctls. 171' Lumber, M feat.. 20
*
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs, are dearer. Butter Is unchanged.
Poultry is cheaper, supplies being heavy.
Fruits are getting cheaper and more abundant as
the season advances. Cherries are the exception,
being scarce and dear.
•Vegetables are also cheaper.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list: .
— PUR TOX.
Cannel — @ Ji 50 PleasantVal 9 Bo@lo 00
Wellington. — @10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- Wellington — 950
lington.... —@1000 Scotch — <& 960
Seattle 7 00@ 7 50 ! Coos Bay... 650<&) —
Castl# Gate. 9 50(u,10(JU|
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.
Butter, fancy, * i Cheese, Eastern... 16@20
square 30®35 Cheese, Swiss... 20<a30
do, V roll 3Ofto— Common Eggs. 12 y2y 2 15
do. choice '26Ca) -ißanchK«gsHdz...l7((i!2o
Ordinaryao........ — —Honey, comb, 1 #1b.12(915
Cheese, Cal 10<o>— | do, extracted.... 8® 12
MEATS— PKR POUND.
Bacon.. ....12@17 1 Pork, fresh... 12@15
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good 8&10 Pork Chops 12©15
Corned 8eef....... 8(81 — Round Steak 8<<i(10
Ham, Cal 12y 2 @1 5 Sirloin Steak... 12%(§ —
do, Eastern 15@— Porterhouse, d 0... 17&2O
Lard 12(^15 Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton B(cblCjPork Sausages — @20
Spring Lamb 10(g>— | Veal 10@15
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens, each 60® 60 Turkeys, fi ft.. 15<?0 —
Young Rox^ Ducks, each... 50® 60
ers, each 66® 75. Geese, each....l 00@l 25
Old Roosters, jPigeonl, ■$ pr.. 40® M)
each 60® — |Rabbiw, ft pr.. H6® 40
Fryers, each... 60@ 60 Hare, each..... 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 30® 40 1 *
FRUITS AND NUTS.
Almonds, ft Ib 12iai6 Limes, ft doz 12015
Apricots. ft 1b..... 6® Oranges, ft doz 10®30
Apples. ft tb 6(0)10 Pears, ft lb 6$ B!
Bananas, ft doz. ..15<g,'2O:Peacnes. ft lb. tX$lO |
Blackberries, bskUl^®isPlums, ft Ib 1 lira 12
Currants, ft box. . Raisins, ft Ib 6(ajls
Cocoanuts, each. Ras(ibHrries.ftosktr2®ls
Cherries, ft lb 10@16'Strawoerries,
Gooseberries, ft lb. f@ 61 ft drawer... 30®60
Lemons. ft d0z.... 2 5@30 Walnuts, ft lb 15® —
VKOKTABLttS.
Asparagus, !b... s@l2(Mr'fat Squash,^ lb —% —
Artlchokes,^doz..lO@3o Onions, ft lb 4,'aJ 5
Beets, ft doz 12@15 Peppers, green, — fa.2o
Beans.whlte ft tb. 2l/2(0) 5 1 Parsnips, ft a0z....16@20
Colored. ft tt>.. .2%® 6; Potatoes, ft lb 2(o) 3
Lima. ft 1b....... 4® 61 do. New. ft 1b.... 3tjS 4
Cabbage, each Rhubarb, ft 1b... . 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each. s(oi 8 «adishes."^dzbchs.lO(a)l2
Celery, i* bunch... s(u» — Sage, ft lb 26@35
Cress, ft dz bunchs.2o632s Snier squash, 1$ Ib ti® 8 I
Cucumber,ftdoz.7s@r'2s ; String Beans, ft B-. BC<SIO )
Garlic ft tt> e-iji 81 Thyme, ft tb 20fi£30
Green Peas, ft Ib.. 4(<S & Turnips, ft doz — 15(a)'20
Lentils, ft Ib 6® i- Tomatoes, «l 1t>....12®15
Lettuce, ft doz 15®20
FlSH— pkr POUND.
Barracuda.... M ....lo@l2!Shad B@lo
Carp B@lo:Sea Bass — ® —
Codfish —fail 6 Smelts M l'@ —
Flounders lOftn — Soles 10®12"
Ha1ibut............ 10® -Skates, each 10@12
Herring.' ..;.. —@— ;Sturgeon.. — ftS —
Klncfisn .......10(01 — Tomcod ...:16® —
Mackerel 20® — 'Clams, ft ga1.:..... — ®15
-do, Horse -@ — Do, hardshell, .
Perch „ 1064— i 100 50® —
Pomuano 35'ai50 Crabs, each 12(oil 5
Hockflsh .....12(0)15 Do. softshell. Ift dz.25<a;35
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® —'Mussels, ft qrt 10®15
Salmon, fresh 12®1 6 Oysters. Cal, ft 100.40® —
Bhrimps B®loDo, Eastern, ft dz. 2 40
THE STOCK MARKET
Mining stocks were quiet again yesterday and
prices showed no particular change from the pre
ceding day. The cose was weak. ■
On the Bond Exchange Hutchlnson sold off to
f24 50 and Edison to $121. . '
The Sunset and Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
companies will pay monthly dividends of 20 and
30 cents per share respectively on Monday.
The Morning Star Gravel Mining Company of
Placer County has declared a dividend of $6 per
share. This is the sixtieth dividend of the corpora
tion.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 2 cents per
share, delinquent July 2.
Interest upon bonds quoted at the Bond Ex
change will be due and payable July 1 as follows:
United States 4s, old issue, quarterly; California
street Cable 6s, semi-annual; California Electric
Light 6s, quarterly ; Contra Costa Water 6s, semi
annual; Los Angeles Lighting, both issues, semi
annual: Market-street Cable 6s, semi-annual: Ne
vada County -Narrow-gauge Railroad 7s. semi
annual; Northern Railway Company of California
6s, semi-annual; Park and Ocean Railway 6s,
semi-annual; Park and Cliff House Railway 6s,
semi-annual; San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway ss, semi-annual; Southern Pacific Rail
way of Arizona 6s, semi-annual: Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph 6s, semi-annual.
It is reported that Herman Zadig will try to se
cure control of the Savage. The annua* Section
occurs in July. • . . •:
liOAKJi SALES. .
Following were thi s»i*» in th« Baa FraneUo*
Bloc* Board yesterday:
KKOULAR MORXTNO SERSTON mVSfK'SCltrrt 9:31).
200 Aloha 21 350 Cb011.. -2.95 300 0vrmn.'...38
100 Ande5.... 47 300 CC*V...2.75 460 P0t051.,1.60
200 8e1cher....76'200 2.80100 Savag..l.7o
600 76 800 O AC... 1.40 100 .'..1.75
200 8u11i0n... 36 400 H&N ... '2.25 500 Heg 8e1... 23
SOCaleda 16 100 Mxcan. l.lo 150 8 N0v. .1.10
400 ...........18100 0ccdt... 1.50 200 V Jackt..72
400 Challn*...6oloo Ophlr... 1.80 200 71
100 615000vrmn....39
AFTEKNOON SESSION— 2: 30.
100 Alt* ... ; ...23 60 Chollar. 2.7oiloo 0cc1dt1..1.50
100 22 50Ch11n«re...46 3000phir...;1.90
500 Andes 500 C P0int... 64i100 Overman. '^7
200 8A8.... 1.25 100 Exchqr... oß4so P0t05t...1.50
400 Bullion... 32 550 G & C. 1.40 600 Savage.. l.7s
250Ca1eda.... 17560 H&JN... 2.06300 ..........1.80
950 Chollr ...2.75 850 2.10 100 Union. . . 1.05
60 .:........ 2.70200 Kentck....O6 500 V Jck't....7O
950 2.76 950 Mex.... 1.10
Following were tne sales la taa Pactfla Stools
Beard yesterday :
RKOULAR RWWTON^IO:3T).
100 Aloha 81 500 Crwn PU..65;300 0vrmn....38
400 A1ta....... 500 Excnqr...O9 200 P0t051..1.65
300 Ande5....47 600 0AC....18/8 200 lS/ 8
2008e1cner...76 700 ...... ...1.4u 260 .......1.67%
100 B&B 1.32% 60 H*N2.22% l 60 1.55
150 ....1.85j 60 ...... ....2.25 1100 5ave. ..1.65
200 Bodie 64 200 2.20 100 16 /8
100 Bullion... 300 .......2.17%;700 ;..... .1.67%
600 33250 .: 2.15 1500 1.7 d
600 34 100 Julia... 20 1200 .....1.72y 2
100 Caled 16 200 Justice.. ..ll.2oo Scorplon..lO
100 ... .......191500 12200 SB AM.... 23
150 Cha11ge...49 500 Kentuck..ll 200 8 Nv....1.10
200 Ch011r. .2.f5 400 L Wa5h.. .06,500 a Hill ....05
250 . .. .2.90 200 Mexn... 1.10 650 Cnln C..1.10
100.. ......2.92% 500cc1d1.52y a 200 ...... .1.12%'
100 CCV... .2.80 300 ..'.......1.b0;3U0 Utah.. '....18
100 C0ntt... .1.40 200 0phr.1.92y 200 V JaCJC«t..74
500 Con 1m... 300 .........1.90.300 ....73
100 C NY.. ' I
A»TKBSOOS SESSION— 2:33.
100 Alpha 22 200 C0nt1.... 1.40:500 0vrmn...37
400 Alta 21 500 C Point. ..65 550 Polos. ..1.55
200 ...20 200 ....64 100 ....: 1.50
200 Andes.. ..4l 200 ......;....63 1.6 ay 2
200 Blchr 75 200 Exchqr... oß 300 .. 1.45
100 74500 GAC. ..1.35 100 1.47%
200 ...... ... 78200 ...... 1.32% 1660 8av.1.72%
200 ......... ..72 150 H&N2.07%25<) ..........1.76
200 B *'8.. 1.26500 ......2.02% 800 1.70
100 80die.... 63500 2.00 500 Scorpion.. 10
100 ......... 641100 ...1.97% 200 58& M....21
200 8u11i0n.. .331160 ...... 2.05 100 5Nv....i.05
400 8u1wer... 30 100 Julia ..20 50 ......99
100 Caleda 16 300 Justice... lo 200 ..........1.00
200 Challng.. . 45 600 Kentck... 061200 ......... 97
200 Ch0ur... 2.85 200 Mex. ...1.10 500 SU Hill.. .06
300 2% 600 1.05,600 Un0n1.02%
150 ......... 2.8UJ300 Mono 03 200 1.00
200 ;.... a 100 Occd .... 1.50 400 ............99
200 2.70 400 ...._.1.42Vs 100 Utah. .....16
200 .........2.66100.. 1.40300 YJack«t..7l
160 CCV 2.66 800 0ph1r.. .1.86J100 72
200 ...... 2.67% 60 .......1.82% 400 70
; CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
!; ,'. FRIDAY, June 11—4 p.m.
md.Asked.\ / Bid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 20 '21 Julia — 20
A1ta....... 22 23|Justice 09 10
Andes. 40 41 Keniuck....... 05 06
8e1cher........ 78 74 Lady Wash.... — 04
Best *Belcherl.2O . 1.25 Mexican.. .....1.00 1.10
Benton Con 20. —M0n0.......... — 06
80die.......... 60 63 Nevada Queen. — 06
8u11i0n........ 32 33 Occidental..... 1.40 1.45
Bulwer... '30 - 32 0phir...........1.80 1.86
Caledonia. 16 18jOverman 87 38
Chollar. 2.65 2.70 Potosi 1.45 1.&0
C0n.Ca1.*Va..2.60 2.7o savage. 1.7 i» 1.75
Challenge Con. 44 46 Scorpio 1 •10 —
Con. Imperial. 03 04|seg. >Jelcher... 21 23
Confidence.... 1.35 I.4o:Svndicate. ... 04 05
Con New York — 10>ilver Hill.. . — 06
Crown Point... 62 63 sierra Nevada. '9B 99
EastSierraNev — .1)6 Union Con 99 I.OJ
Exchequer.... 08 —Utah. 16 16
Gould *Curry.l.30 r 1.35 Yellow Jacket. 69 70
Hale *Norcrs. 2.05 2.10!
GOLD MINING KXCHANOB.
200 A !<?... . .... . . 2 451800 Lock wood Con.. 35
200 _ 255 400 36
Champion Providence .
Bid 20 00 Asked 80 00
Asked 25 00 100 Savannah 39
100 Edna 37 300 _ 40
300 38200 41
200 > 39300 . 42 I
200 - 40400 43
Grant. !^OO 44 j
Bid 13100 „ 45
Asked...'. 14 200 Sebastopol 49
Kennedy moo ;... „. 60 I
Bid 10 50 100 Thorpe 75
Asked '..1200300 „ SO
Keystone.
Bid , ...66 00'
■ Z;'\*si V 4 LOCAI, SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt 8ank.....'..'. 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 90 !
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water..:. 6 75
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. June 12-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US 4s coup.. 108 - U S4s reg...109% —
Do new Issue 1 It) 116%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-atCbless. — 113 |PacßollM6s. — —
Cal Elec L6s — 122% Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW6s — 97 P*ORy6s.los 120
DpDt-stex-cp 90 100 P&Ch Ry6s. — 108
EdsnL<kP6s — 122% Pwl-st RR6*. — 116^
F*CHUK6s.IO4% - Reno,WL*L — 105
Geary-stßss.loiy a los Sacto P& L. — 102^4
LosAngL6s. — 100 SF&NPR 55.10Q8/ 8 101 1/41 /4
DoGnteed6s — 103 SPRRArizCs 96V 2 96%
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRKt al 6s 108^111
DoKyCon63..lo4S/ilos SPRRCaI ss. — —
NatVin6slst 95 100 SPBrRCaIBs. 99%10014
NevCNgß7s. I*6 105 SVWater6s..ll9 119^
NP C RR64. — 108 SVWater4s.. 987/ 8 g9y a
NRyCal6s.lO2 - StktnG&E6s — 100
NRyCalss. - 100 SunsiT&Tßs 100 —X:.
Oak Gas 55. .101 104U, Sutter-stßss.lO7Vi —
l;o2disss.. - 106 VisaliaWC6s — %i
Omnibus »js. 118^4119 V*
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35V? 37S4iSan Jose — —
MarinCo.... 50 — IStrngValley 97% 98V4
GAS STOCKS.
Capital 20 27 Pacific Lleht 47 —
Central 95 — San Francsco 94Va 95
UakGL&H 5-'Va 53 Stockton..... — 2iy a
PacGaslmp. 85 86 |
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — |Sun 25 60
' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß<feTC. — — LondonP*A.l2B%l3o
Anglo-Cal — 5134. — London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 237 242% Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal 8 D&TCo 65% 58 I.Nevada — —
FirstNationl.l7B 182y 2 !Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I37S 1-115 Say* Loan. — 100
HumbS&L.Zloo 1450 Security 250 260
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
SFSavUnion — 490 |
STREET KAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — Oak SL&Hay — 100
Geary-st. —• 55 [Presidio 7 — ■
Market-5t.... 43% 44ViSutter-st — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — lhi/s Giant C0n.... 25 25%
Eastern D... — Judson U.... — —
California.... 75 — iVlKorit. — 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 93% 95y Nat Yin Co.. — 85
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 24y 3
C:il Cot Mills - — PrcAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Kdison Lißhtl2o»/i122 Pac Roll Mill — — -
GasConAssn. — — Parf PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTrnsCo. — 24
HawC&SCo.. 20 2oy 'Pac T&T Co. 55 70
Hutch SI'Co 34y 24% Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 iUnlted C Co. — 25
HALES — MORIiINJ BKtISIOX.
Board—
25 Mnrket-st Railway 43 62% !
f :<OOU s V 4% Bonds 99 00 I
800 Uutchlnson S P Co «4 75
50 do do 24 *7%
50 do do. b 3 24 87V 2 I
90SFGasIlght 94 75
4SVWater 98 25
10 do do 98 00
Street—
9 Bank of California 238 00
2000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 118 50
26 F Gaslight 94 75
V!OSVWater 98 25
SALES — AFTERNOON* SESSION.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con 25 00
60 do do, b3 25 00
10 do do. b6 25 00
850 Hutchlnson S P Co. 24 60
CO M F Gaslight 94 75
20 S V Water.. i)H 00
.10 do : do, b 3... 98 00
- Street— - . '.-■>','-'••
44 Edison Light & Power Co. 32100 "~
100 HutchinsonS P Co 24 75 ■
100 S V Water ;. 98 00
•—• — • — .
\n Unconscious Humorist
Some people are unconscious humorists.
Judge Cobb of Alabama, who was on the
Circuit bench ior a long time and is a high
class lawyer, had no idea of being liinny
when in the heat of debate he once forgot
the rules made and provided by.Lindley
Murray long enough to exclaim, "Where
was I at?" and thereby unwittingly
afforded the world much amusement — just
why I could never tell, for many persons
with some pretensions to scholarship tacii
tnat superfluous "at" to the end of a query.
Of course, it is not correct, but it is no
worse form than to say "from whence" or
"from thence," expressions which are to
be found in many books of wide circula
tion. Judge Cobb is popular with his fel
low-Representatives, but they would take I
liberties with Julius Csesar inmself. So in j
drawing seats at the beginning of the
Fifty-third Congress, when Judge Cobb's
name was called, several members merrily
yelled, "Where am I at?" "Where am I
at? 1 ' till the great jurist was covered with
blushes and confusion. — Champ Clark in
St. Louis Republic.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
June. 1896.
SON, MOON AND TIDE.
V. B. Coast ajti> Geodetic Survey Tids")
BUILKTIS Published BY OFFICIAL >-
AtTTHOBITY.OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
Saturday, June 13.
Snnrlses 4.46jM00n rises
Sunsets 7 34 1 Moon sets 9.51 pm
June- 1896.
JSotk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arty morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract!?*
from the dnntH -'vpn hv he chnrs '. •
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbogbaphic Offick.'U. a N., ->
Merchants' Kxchanoe. V
San Francisco. June 12, 1896. )
The time ball on Teleeraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechteler,.
Lieutenant U. s. N. in charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
FRIDAY. June 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 15y days from Guay
mas. via Ensenada 72 hours; pass and mdse, to
Goodall, Perkins <fc Co. ■ j, ,_
stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg- lumber and r r ties, to Union Lumber
Co. _
Stmr Acapulco. Searlo. 22% days from Panama,
etc pass and mdse, to PM s S Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 6«% hours fm sari
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, .Perkins
Co.
Stmr Greenwood, ' Carlson. 11 hours from Point
Arena: r r ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Schr C H Merchant. Brannan. 2 days from Coos
Bay; 352 M ft lumber, to E B Dean & Co.
Cleared. *
FRIDAY, June 12.
Btmr Umatllln, Hunter, Victoria and Port lown
send; Goodall, Perkins * Co.
iir ship Brodick Castle, Ferguson, Cape Town;
W B. Grace & Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, June 13.
stmr Gipsy. Lei and, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rival, Johnson.
Stmr Bonlta, Downing, Port Harford, etc.
Stmr state of California. Ackley,' Astoria.
Stmr Farailon, Roberts, Yaquina Bay. ,
Stmr F.ureka, Jepson. sau Pedro.
Bars Tidal Wave, Lancaster, Tncoma.
Bktn C U Funk, disillusion, St Michaels,
bebr Vine, Luttrell, Champerico and Carolina
Islands.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Larsen, Everett.
Schr Lila and Mattie, Lindbridge, Waldsport.
Bent Edward Parke, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Lauding.
Charters.
The schr John D Tallant loads sugar at HHo for
this port : schr Lizzie Vance, redwood at Eureka
for Sydney.
Spoken.
June 7— Lat 47 N, long 38 W, ship Beecroft,
hence J-in 7. for Hull.
June7-Lat 46 N, long 38 W, Br ship Celtic
Bard, hence Jan 23. for London.
May B— La. 56 S. long 74 W, Br baric Ravens
court, from London, for San Francisco.
Mar Xl-Lat, 40 N. long 36 W, Br bark Largo
Bay, from Portland, for Channel.
Memorandum.
Per Coos Bay— The Ger baric Pallos in port at
Altata was ready for sea on June 2.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Tune 11— Br ship Blackbraes pre
viously reported must lighten 600 tons cargo.
She will not need to go into the drydock as vessel
is not strained.
Telegraphic.
POINT I.OROs. June 12—10 p. it— Weather
hazy. windSW: velocity. 16 miles.
Domestic Ports.
SAN PEDRO- Sailed June 11— Scbr Meteor, for
Port Gamble.
TATOOSil— Passed June 11— Haw stmr San
Mateo. from Comox. for San Francisco. June 12—
' Stmr Mlneo'a, hence June 7, for Tacoma.
I FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 12— Stmr Noyo,
hence June 11.
I •■'Hile : June 11— Stmr Caspar.
I SEATTLE— Arrived June 9— Schr Lena L, hnce
. May 17.
i REDONDO— sailed June 11— Schr Maweema,
for Seattle.
1 Arrived June 12— Schr La Gironde, from Grays
Harbor. ..;.. <■ .i ."
! MONTEREY— Arrived June 12— Schr Maxim,
from Fort Bragg.
BOWKNs LANDlNG— sailed June 12— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 12— Schr Mary Etta, hence Jane
10.
ALBlON— Sailed June 12— Stmr Scotia.
Arrived June 11— sirnr Scotia, from Rockport.
TACOMA— Sailed June Snip V Semite, for
San Francisco. June 11— Bktn Eureka, for San
Francisco. v '.' .■'.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 11— Schr Nep
tune, for San Francisco.
:,i Arrived June 10— strar Del Sorte, hence June 6.
June 1 ' — Bktn North Bend, hence June 1.
MKNDOCINO— June 12-Schr Bobolink
hence June 6.
POINT ARENA— Sailed June 13-Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiI June 12— Strar Pomona, for
San Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco: stmr National City, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June strnr Columbia, for
j San Francisco; stmr Arrata, for San Francisco;
I Br ship Yar:iuu. for Queenstown.
Foreign Port*.
; CHAMPERICO— Arrived June 6— Schr Glendale
I hence May 10.
CARDlFF— Arrived June 11— Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, hence Jan 29.
FRKEMANTLK— Arrived June 9— Br bark John
Gambles, from Vancouver. • .■
LIVERPOOL-Arrived June 11— Br ship Strath
grvfe, henc-* Feb 5.
LONDON— Arrived June 11— Br ship Lochee,
hence Feb 12. .
PANAMA— Arrived May 26-Stmr San Jose,
hence Apr '28. May 31— Stmr City of Panama, fin,
Champerico. June 2— Strnr Costa Rica, from
Champerico. June 3— Stmr San Juan, hence May 1.
Fa LMOl'TH— Sailed June 10-Br ship Cape
I York, for Antwerp.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 10— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jnne 11— Nor ship
Hiawatha, lor Hull: llr ship Gifford, for Fleet
wood; Br bark Inveramsay for Hull.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 12-Stmr Palatia,
from Hamburg; stmr Augusta Victoria, from
Hamburg: stmr Campania, from Liverpool; stmr
Thmgvalla, from Stettin, Copenhagen, etc.
Sailed June 12— Stmr Aachen, for Bremen; stmr
State of California, for Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out June 12— Stmr
Lucania.
GENOA— Arrived out June 12— Stmr Fulda.
HAMBURG— Arrive I out June 11— Stmr Phoe
nicia. June 12— Stmr Columbia.
I BREMEN— Arrived out June 12— Stmr Saale.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out June 12— Stmr
Island. .'• ■ ■ • '■■■
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed June 12— Stmr Fnerst
Bismarck, for New York.
MoVlLLE— Sailed June 12— Stmr Anchoria, foe
New York.
Importation*.
PAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— ll9 pkgs mdse,
600 sks ore. 187 bdis dry fish, 885 bxs lemons, 38
bxs oranges, 4 bxs limes. 118 pcs cprblng, 90 bills
hides, 13 bdls calf hides, 4 bdls sealskins. 26 bbls
tallow, 3 hf-bbls 23 qr-bbls pickled fish. 7 tubs
butter, 3 pkgs beeswax, (.'5 pkgs Junk, 96 sks rags,
14 bxs type, 2cs dry goods, 6 pkgs mdse, 3 pkgs
tubs.
Redondo— 4 pkgs mdse, 19 puncheons 150 bbl3
wine. 65 bxs lemons, 610 bxs oranges, 4 bxs but
ter.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 43 bxs butter, 35 ca
bacon, 10 cs bams, 2 cs wine, 55 pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— B pkgs cast
incs. 29 bdls pelts. 50 bdls hides.
Port Los Angeles— lo bxs oranges, 4 bxs egg
plant, 5 bxs lemons. 32 bxs squash, 2 pkgs mdse,
22 bxs tomatoes.
Santa Barbara— 4 cs wine. 131 pkgs mdse, 1 sk
flour, 3 sks barley, 162 cs olive oil, 40 bxs oranges.
360 bxs lemons, 1 sk nuts.
Rocksidine— sos sks bituminous rock.
San Luis Obispo— 3B sks barley, 43 sits wheat.
Port Harford— l a shoes, 6 tubs 83% bxs butter,
9 cs honey, 5 bbls tallow, 5 coops poultry. 103
pkss mdse, 4 coops cnickens, 1 cs cheese. 26 bxs
: fish, 20 sks beans, 82 bdls hides, 5 bdis pelts, 42
dressed calves, 1 dressed goat.
GUAYMAS— Per Coos Bay— l 3 sks shark fins,
104 sks peas. 73 green hides. 1 bx tortoise shell, 1
bdl D skins. 65 dr. hides, 4789 bags sugar, 16 cs
limes. 60 cs salt fish, 7 sks dry fish. 1 pkg mdse,
10 sks ore. 25 cs Mexican dollars, 2 bars 1 pkg
gold bullion, 1 pkg gold coin, 6 bars silver bullion,
12 turtles.
. Consignee*. •
Per Santa Rosa-San Francisco Brewery Co; O
A Ogden- Frappoll <S Co; Baker Hamilton; H O
Greenhood; Ames A Dallam ; Amer Press Assn:O
D Bunker & Co: LScatena&Co: Gray <fc Barbieri :
Chas Harley& Co: Steiner, Stratus & Co; George
' R >tarrit Co: Hills Bros: Campodonico &. Malcolm:
' ■ Chas Harley Co; Dairymen's Union; M tinman
&Co' W. O Price A Co. Sherwood it Sherwood: M!
F Cabral* Wet more Bros; (Jould & Jaudln: M a
Slmas: Abranamsoti * Co: W B Sumner & Co: E
W Brownlne: Lev! Spie-rel & Co; Eveleth Nash;
M T Freitas <ft Co: J P Thomas: D E Allison Co;
a Galll Fruit Co; Wood. Curtis <fe Co; Henry &
Cuse- H Stokes: W B Young: C A Hooper&Co;
Pacific States Type Foundry; C E Frank: Bartlett
Bnrines Mineral Water Co; Bisslnger&Co; DM
Osbourne; -amuel Bros; C Carpy & Co: FA. N P
Rv C R Eager; ClaybroUKh, Golcber &Co: Cal
Wine Assn; Sawyer Tanning Co: W F Mitchell: B
M. Leonar.l ; McDonough A Rutiyon; Enterprise
Brewery; C E Whitney A Co; E O Lyon A Co; W
B Tyler: Goodall, Perkins A Co: Nailonhr Brew
ery California Product Dist Co: Garcia A Masjglnt;
Ililnier, Bredhoff it scbutz: Dalton Bros: Pacific
Paving Co; Sinshelmerßros; W C Price A Co: 3
Levy* Co; Crown Distillery Co; Italian-Swiss
Agricultural Colon.- ; Nathan, Dohrmann A Co; L
Benussi: W Lewis* Co; Geo H Young: Coblmts
Pike Co: . Rußs, Sanders * Co; Western Meat Co;
Wheaton, Breon A Co: Brigham. Hoppe A Co: Wm
Cllne; U Kirchmann * Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co:
B Halght ; Getz Bros * Co: . F B Haight; Bauer
Bros Co; HHmer.'Bredhoff A Schulz; Chicago
Brewery; Wltzei * Baker; H Dutard; A failles:
Norton, Teller* Co: LD Stone A Co: J Hoffman;
O B Smith A Co: J Reyi olds: Labor Exchange; A
Eanait Co; American Union Fish Co; J Hoffman;
I G Camilloni & Co: Kowalsky A Co: Marshall &
Riemer; ; Norton. Teller A Co ; 11 Heck man* Co:
Buffalo Brewery: Rellly. Walton &Co; Charles
Jacobson * Co: De Bernard! & Co; Jonas Erianger
&Co.
Per Coos Bay— Williams. Dimond A Co; IGutte;
W Loaiza A Co: F Ruther A Co; Thiedeman &
Deliuse; Thannhauser * Co; Gardiner A, Thorn
ley; Anglo-California Bank.ALL ANXIOUS TO
SUCCEED KNOWLES
Keen Fight in Progress to
Capture a Fat
Sinecure.
NEPHEWS TO CHOOSE.
Each Has a Candidate and the
Court Must Cast the
Die.
SAID TO FAVOR NUSBAUMER.
Judge Greene Is Placed in an
Awkward Position at This
Time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) I
908 Broadway, June 12. ) j
Although Captain Knowles is not yet J
buried there is a keen fight in progress as i
to who shall succeed him as trustee of the
half-million dollar trust left by the late
Dr. Merritt for the benefit of his nephews.
According to the terms of the trust,
should the trustee die, the two nephews
shall choose his successor and their choice |
must be ratified by the court. In case of ;
no agreement being reached either of
them may name a man with the consent
of the court. The position of trustee
entails no work, but produces an income
in fees estimated at about $100 a month.
James Merritt has named as his choice
M. T. Dusinbur'y, his father-in-law, and
would like the Judge of the Probate Court
to indorse his choice.
Fred Merritt would like to see either Ed |
Hackett or Thomas Dargie appointed, j
Thomas Dargie is a brother-in-law to Fred |
Mcrritt, and Edward Hackett, it is said, |
Has already done very well out of the Mer- ;
ritt estate in connection with litigation
caused over the interests of Mrs. Garcelon.
It is reported that Hackett has received
over $30,000 in business from the estate,
and James Merritt's friends think he has
enough.
No compromise has yet been effected,
and it is not likely tbat there will be one, ;
as both sides are determined if possible to
have their man recognized.
To-day Fred Merritt, seeing that neither
of bis men would be acceptable, named
Emil Nusbaumer as his choice. As Judge
Greene is in charge of the probate di
vision the case will probably come before
him next Monday, when the choice of a
trustee will be made. It is reported that i
he looks with favor on the appointment of
Mr. Nusbaumer and that he will ratify
Fred's choice.
This story has stirred up the wrath of
the friends of James Merritt, who openly
declare that if Nusbaumer is appointed it
will be suggestive of politics.
The desire shown to be the successor of
Captain Knowles is very widespread and |
there are other candidates than those men
tioned, as the position is regarded as a
sinecure.
Officers Chosen.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— Athens !
Parlor No. 195, N. S. G. W., at its semi-an- j
nual election bad a most exciting contest, :
which resulted in choosing the following j
officers: Past president, B. H. Ollinger; |
president, C. D. Maloney; first vice-presi
dent, L. A. Hinman; second vice-presi- ,
dent, W. E. Farno; third vice-president, ;
J. N. Fogarty; financial and recording
secretary, W. E. Dean; treasurer, A. B.
Champion; marshal, C. H. Green; sur
geons. Drs. Huntington and Byron.
The installation will take place the first
Tuesday in July, and is to be followed J
witu a banquet.
Kegular Traffic.
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 12.— The Cali
fornia Railroad inaugurated . its regular
electric service over the road from Ala- j
meda to Laundry Farm to-night with a
special train containing the officials, news
paper representatives and specially invited j
guests to tne number of nearly 100.
Beginning at 8:25 to-morrow and every i
half hour thereafter trains will leave the ;
tidal-canal bridge at Park street, Alameda, ■
for Laundry Farm, returning up to 9:30 j
tach evening.
Honored by Many.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— The rooms j
of Mrs. Blake -Alverson were thronged I
with friends this afternoon and evening to i
congratulate her on having attained her
sixtieth birthday. The decorations were j
beautiful and interesting, as many souve- !
nirs of her career were to be seen. A tri- !
color scarf she wore while singing in the
Harrison campaign, was prominently dis
played with a flag presented by the trium- I
phant Republicans at the close of the '
campaign.
Answered the Call.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12. — Captain
George Harrington, a well-known resident
of East Oakland, has answered the last
rollcall. He was at one time interested in
the Coos Bay coal minis, and was quite
extensively engaged in the shipping busi
ness. He was a native of Vermont, aged
74 and leaves a widow. The funeral takes
place from the family residence, corner
Ninth avenue and East Fourteenth street,
to-morrow at 11:30 o'clock.
Wants Comfort.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— Edward
McCaulev has brought suit for $50,000
against J. E. Crooks, R. Mills, A. Sidney
Jones and Mary Styles, co-partners under
the name of the San Ramon Warehouse
Company, for the death of his father. He
claims the death resulted from a fall
caused by a defective support in the ware
house giving way, and as a result he was
deprived of a father's comlort, support
and protection
Lottery Dealer Convicted,
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— The jury in
the case of Hen Wong, the Chinese lottery
dealer, returned a verdict of guilty in I
short order. The attempt of the China- i
man's attorney to besmirch the character j
and official conduct of Officer Curtis did j
not result very successfully for the dealer, j
They were given all the time necessary to
produce witnesses, but failed to do so.
The Third One.
OAKLAND, Cal., June -The third
prison ma Tiage th week in this city oc
curred at the City Hall to-day. Miss Flora |
Saviiie of 608 Fourth street and W. H. j
Ranch of 665 Fifth street, age 20 and 19
respectively, were the most deeply inter
ested ones. The lady had him arrested,
charged with her delicate condition, and
to escape prosecution he agreed to marry ,
her.
Camp Meeting Services.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— The camp
meeting at Beulah Park, under the direc
tion of Charles N. Criuenton, the capital
ist, Rev. B. Cassadine and Charles S.
Morton, is proving very interesting and
helpful to all who attend. Wednesday
night the services continued all through
the night, not closing until sunrise.
Lkui Post's Restoration.
OAKLAND, Cal., June , 12.— sen
tence of suspension on Lyon Post No. 8, Q.
A- R., expires July 6 at midnight, and on
the next meeting their first stated meeting
occurs. It is hope t that there will be a
large attendance at that gathering, as it is
the first gathering in ninety days.
WOMEN'S WORK.
Suffragists' Campaign Opens With a
Two Days' Kally at the
Tabernacle.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., president of the Pacific
Theoloeical Seminary, called the Woman's
Suffrage Convention to ord«r at the Tab
ernacle this afternoon, acting in the
capacity of honorary president of the
State Association. Among the speakers
and officers on the platform were: Mrs. A.
A. Sargent, Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs.
Knox Goodrich, Mrs. Holbrook Blinn,
Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, Mrs. Judd, Mrs. F.
C. Havens, Mrs. A. A. Moore, Mrs. Henry
Vrooman, Mrs. E iza T. Wtlkes, Miss
Mary Hay, Mis 3 Elizabeth Yates and Miss
Harriett Mills.
The body of the house is reserved for
men, and they are especially invited to
attend any or all of the meetings. There
will be sessions at 3 aud 7 p. m. to-morrow.
IN NO HURRY.
World's Fair Premium and Medal Re
ceived for School Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.—Superin
tendent McClymonds of the Board of Ed
ucation received the premium ana medal
awarded to tne Oakland School Depart
ment at the World's Fair to-day. While
it is a little late it is none the less appre
ciated. The premium states that the Oak
land public schools are awarded first prize
for "good, comprehensive work from pri
mary grade through the High School,"
i and second prize "for careful training and
| good methods."
The document is signed by Susanna
Fry as individual judge; John Boyd
Thatcher, chairman of the executive com
mittee on awards; George R. Davis, di
rector-general; T. W. Palmer, president
! of the World's Fair Commission, and John
; T. Dickinson, secretary of the commission.
REMAINS IN OFFICE.
Mi«s Mary Kurd irk Will Not Be Be
moved for John O'Kourke.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— Miss Mary
Burdick, Postmistress at North Temescal,
! a northern suburb of this city, has re
i ceiveu an official announcement from R.
C. Maxwell, Fourth Assistant Postmaster-
General, that she would not be removed
and will be allowed to proceed with her
! work.
There has been quite a controversy re-
I garding the office, and the press" dis
i patches a month or more ago announced
that J. J. O'Rourke had been appointed to
i succeed her. The lady is of an old-time
Democratic family, ana they rallied to her
support. Big petitions were sent in re
questing that she be reiained. This or
some other equally potent influence has
resulted in securing her retention.
BOULEVARD FOR ALAMEDA
Revival of an Abandoned Pro
ject Marks Renewed
Progress.
School Teachers Resent the Imputation
Cast on Them— The Tidal
Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 12. — Two
prominent attorneys of Oakland have in
formed the City Clerk that their clients
were willing to give deeds to the city for
the land necessary to construct the
Atlantic boulevard on the north side of
peninsula "facing the tidal canal. This
will revive the project mooted some seven
years since by the Aiameda Improvement
Association, of which Colonel J. J. Tobin
was chairman and J. Barber secretary.
Their idea was frustrated because certain
property-holders would not grant a right
of way for this boulevard, 150 feet in
width, from Blandine avenue to Aiameda
Point.
Now these holders have consentea to
allow the work to be done, and the matter
is to be brought up before the City
Trustees.
On top of this comes the statement that
the Pacific Improvement Company is will
ing to erant the land necessary for the
construction of another boulevara 600 feet
farther north of the proposed line of the
Atlantic boulevard, though the title is in
dispute and has not yet been determined.
The line of both roads will be wholly on
the marsh, and in some places will be In
terrupted by sloughs.
School Teachers' Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 12.— This after
noon the principals and a majority of the
teachers met in the Porter School to dis
cuss the public reflection cast upon them,
as a body, at the Board of Education
meetine, June 2. The statement was, that
the work prescribed by the new course of
study was not carried out as it ought to
be. Hence the results were poor, and this
was ascribed as being the fault of the
teachers.
One of the principals discussing the mat
ter to-day said: "There are some teachers
possibly who do not keep up to their
work, but it is unjust to dub the whole
body as being non-progressive. If there
are any such they snould be removed,
rather than our schools should suffer, or
the impression gain ground that any of us
is kept in our positions through political
or social influence."
A strong protest has been for
warded to the board against the unre
stricted charges of faulty teaching pre
ferred against them. The board is also
asked to ascertain what teachers are not
fairly carrying out tho work allotted to
them and to remove them.
The matter will come up before the
board at its meeting Tuesday evening,
when the teachers will receive their ap
pointments lor the ensuing twelvemonth.
The Tidal Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 12. — A letter
came to hand to-day from Dr. J. T. Mc-
Lean, Health Officer, who has been in
Washington, D. C, for the past four
months, urging Cor.gress to appropriate
money for the completion of the tidal canal.
He informs the City Trustees that he has
been successful in some aegree, and has
also secured copies of the plans and sur
veys of Oakland harbor, as weil as reports
of the work done therein from 1874 to 1895
inclusive.
With the letter came a copy of the com
munication addressed to Briiradier-Gen
eral W. Jf. Craighill, chief of the Engineer
Department, U. S. A., ai:d signed by the
Senators and members of Congress, set
ting forth the necessity of proceeding with
the work. The City Trustees, the Oakland
City Council and the County Supervisors j
are all going to urge on Colonel Suter to
carry <>ut the recommendations made to
Brigadier-General Craighill. The City
Clerk says if his persistency will avail
anything, the canal will soon be an ac
complished fact.
Alnmeda Boating Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 12.— The Aia
meda Boating Club has, through its com
mittee, Messrs. Hinchman, Creigh arid
Scnumacher, made all arrangements for
tba holding of the annual championship
raceß on the estuary on Sunday, June 28.
The course will be on* mile and a half in
length with a turn, the boa.house at Chest
nut street marking the start and finisu.
To Iry the Forger*.
The forgers, Becker and Cregan, appeared in
Judge Wallace's court yesterday morning.
Their desire to be accorded an early trial was
granted, June 29 being the day set for thuir
hearing.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
HARMONY IS YET
VERY FAR OFF
Work of Both Congressional
Committees Is Set
Aside.
COUNTY COMMITTEE ACTS
Declare That They Alone Have
Power to Issue a Call
for Primaries.
REFER TO STATE COMMITTEE.
More Complications Among the Repub
lican Ranks of Aiameda
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 12. j
The Republican situation was handled
by the County Central Committee at a
special meeting this afternoon. Under the
terms of a resolution that was unanimously
passed the call for the primaries for the
Third Congressional D strict will not be
issued by either of the Congressional com
mittees but by the County commit
tees of the various counties comprising the
Third District.
This action completely nullifies all the
work that has been done by the two Con
gressional committees toward promoting
harmony and which has occupied several
weeks. Only yesterday the desired point
between the two committees was reached
and it was thought that harmony was as
sured, as all concerned agreed on the call
that it was proposed to issue.
This afternoon at a meeting that lasted
less than thirty minutes an important
step was taken which, if upheld by the
State Central Committee, will totally
undo the work of a month. •
The committeemen present were Chair
man Mantalen, J. W. Evans, Phil Walsh,
Al McPherson. J. 11. W. Rily, J. W.
Striker, John Mitchell, E. V. Bunnell, Rod
Church, Frank Armstrong and E. C.
Haines.
As soon as the meeting was called to
order Rod Church stated that it was very
evident to all that the call for primaries
I must be issued, and he forthwith intro
| duced the following resolution, which
embodies the whole history of the fac
tional fi^ht to date:
Whereas, No nomination of a Republican
candidate for Congress from the Third Con
gressional District of the State has been made;
and whereas, no nrovision by any authorized
body for the holding of a convention to nonii
nate • such candidates has been made; And
whereas, the Republican State Committee
which convened on the sth day of May, 18D6,
at Sacramento, passed a resolution by the
terms of which it was provided that Republi
can conventions should be composed of dele
gates elected at primary elections or caucuses,
which said primary elections or caucuses
should be held under the auspices of and con
trolled by the respective county committee of
; the various counties, which said resolution
I was In the words as follows, to wit:
Resolved, That It is the sense of this conven
tion ihat all delegates to the counts, district
and State conventions o f the Republican pai ty
sbould be elected at primaries or caucuses
; regularly called by the County Central com
! mittees of the several counties for the purpose,
and that only such delegates as are selected at
i such primaries or caucuses should be seated in
I the conventions of the party hereafter to be
i held; now, therefore be it
Revolved, That it is the sense of the Repub
: lican County Central Committee of the County
of Aiameda, that a call should be issued by the
Republican State Central Committee of the
! State of California, or the Executive Committee
I thereof, for the district convention for the
j Third Congressional District of said State for
{ the purpose of nominating a Republican can
j didate for Congress from such district, and
such other business as may be lawfully brought
before said convention, to be composed of
delegates to be elected at primary elections
held throughout the district; aud be it further
Resolved, That it is the sense of said Repub
lican Central Committee of the county of
I Aiameda that in accordance with the letter
and the spirit of the resolution adopted by the
j last Republican State Convention, which said
■ resolution is hereinbefore set forth, that said
j primaries, when regularly and legally called
■ by the State Central Committee, or the execu
! tive committee thereof, shall be conducted in
I the several counties of said Third Congres
! sional District by and under the auspices of
the respective county ceutral committees of
the said counties comprising said Third Con
gressional District; and be it further
Resolved, That the chairman of this commit
tee be empowered and instructed forthwith
to appoint a conference committee, composed
of members of this committee, to confer with
the several Republican County Central com
mittees of the several counties in the said
Third Congressional District for the purpose
of obtaining their co-operation in gettiug the
Republican State Central Committee or the
executive committee thereof to call said Third
Congressional Convention and primaries, in
accordance with the spirit of the foregoing
resolution.
Mr. Church stated that the State Cen
tral Committee or the State executive
committee could settle the difficulty, and
he hoped the resolutions would be
adopted.
Alter some discussion tho second clause
in the resolution was eliminated, and it
was passed unanimously as amended.
The resignation of John Mitchell of the
Second Ward was then considered. Mr.
Mitchell said he had no time to attend to
county affairs, and suggested that A. H.
Breed be elected to succeed him. The sug
gestion was unanimously adopted.
In accordance with the resolutions
adopted the chair appointed the following
conference committee: Rod Church,
Frank Armstrong and J. H. S. Riley. The
committee then adjourned.
DANGEROUSLY INJURED
Serious Accident to a Member
of the Students' Survey
ing Party.
Return of the Surveyors After a
Month of Practical Work on
the Russian River.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 12.— The Uni
versity of California surveying party, com
posed of thirty-hve students lrom the col
leges of civil engineering, mining and me
chanics, which left Berkeley May 14 for
the Russian River district, returned to
day. The boys are as ruddy and ai brown
as beech nuts and report a pleasant and
successful trip, save foi an accident whicn
may yet prove fatal to Jeffrey J. Prender
gast of Redlands, a member of the junior
class.
The lad in some unknown way ruptured
an intes-tine several days ago, but he did
not become aware of the exceeding danger
his life was in until he had reached home.
The physician who examined him and
performed an operation stated that had
the case been left twelve hours longer it
would have proved fatal.
The work of the party was in charge ot
Prof-ssor Randall and instructor Hirst of
the department of civii engineering. In
spoaking of their trip Hirst said this after
noon :
',We left Berkeley just four weeks ago
yesterday aud went directly to Markham,
near Cazadero, on the Russian River,
where we set up camp. We had an ideal
place for camping — plenty of wood, water,
fresh air, rugged mountains and deep
swimming pools. Though we did a great
of hard work, we found time for recrea
tion. We made a topographical map of
the country round about, besides doing
some ditch, road and railroad work.
"This is the second summer Bchool ex-
E edition that ha 3 been carried on at the
tate University, and we count it even
more successful than the one last year.
This practical summer-school work" has
become a part of the prescribed work in
the college of civil engineering, and will
be continued regularly hereafter."
>choolß Accredited for '96.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 12.— Sixty-two
schools ol California have already been
placed on the university accredited list for
1896-97, and a number more will be placed
on the list before the academic senata's
committee in charge of the matter com
pletes its labors.
The total number of schools accredited
last year was rilty-seven.
The following schools have already been
declared up to the uecessary standard, so
that their graduates may enter the uni
versity without examination:
Aiameda County Union High School No. 2,
Centerville; Aiameda County Union High
No. 3, Hay wards; Aiameda High School, Ala
raeJa University Academy, Armijo Union
High, Suisun, Belmont Scnool, Berkeley Hißh
School, Berkeley Gymnasium, Boone's Univer
sity, ( itrus Union High, Colusa High, C'oro
nndo High, Fresno High, Hanford Union High.
Miss Head's school, Healdsburg High, Hoiti's
Gak Grove School, Miss Horton's school,
Kern County High School, Miss Lake's School,
Livermore Union High, Lompoc Union High,
Los Angeles High, Los Angeles Academy, Luw
ell High School (Sau Francisco Boys' High),
Marysville High, Mendocino High, Mouut
Tamalpais Military Academy, Monrovia
City Hiuh, Nevada City High, Oakdale
Union Hijrh, Oakland HUh, Pasadena
High, Pomona High, Kedlands Union
Higu, Riverside High.&acramento High, Salin
as .High, San Bernardino High, San Diego High,
Sau Framisco Girls' High, San Jose High, San
Luis Obispo High, San Rafael High, Santa Ana
High, Santa Barbara City High, Santa Barbara
Collegiate School, Santa Cruz High, Santa
Monica High, Santa Paula High, Sauta Rosa
High, Sonoma Valley Union High, Southwest
Institute, St. Matthew's School, Tuiare High,
Ukiah High, Vacaville Union High, Vallejo
High, Ventura High, Visalia High, Watsou
ville High, Woodland High.
The faculty committee on examination
of schools consists of Professors Slate,
Brown, Stringham, Gay ley, Merrill, Plehn
and President Kellogg.
Installed a Pastor.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 12.— The Rev.
F. J. Akers was formally installed pastor
of the South Berkeley Presbyterian Church
last night. The special installation ser
vices were well attended. Rev. J. W. Ellis
of the Centennial Church of East Oakland
delivered the sermon, Rev. Dr. Ketchum
of Berkeley gave the charge to the pastor
and the Rev. J Curry of Temescal deliv
ered the charge to the people.
Members of the new church are already
talking of securing a lot and building a
place of worship. They will meet for the
present in South Berkeley Hall.
St. Mark's Sunday-School Picnic.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 12.— Trie Sun
day-school picnic of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church will take place to-morrow "at
Orinda Park. Great preparations have
been made for the day's outing, and it is
expected that there will be about 150
picnickers in the party.
Besides the children of the Sunday
school, most of the vested choir and many
adult members of the congregation will
attend. The party will start from Berke
ley at 8 o'clock, driving to Orinda Park in
big four-horse wagons.
High School Dance.
BERKELEY,CAL.,June 12.— The class of
'96 closed its week of graduation events to
night with a dance in Shattuck Hall.
Nearly 300 invitations to the hop had been
issued, and there was a large attendance.
The affair was a most successful one and
lasted iar into the night.
The committee of arrangements for the
dance consisted of Mark White, Ray W.
Simonds, L. E. Roberts, Miss Ethel L.
Heanan and Miss Henderson.
HAYWARDS AGAIN.
Will Hold a Celebration for the Whole
County on the Fourth
of Jaly.
HAYWARDS, Cal., June 12.— The citi
zens here have decided to have a grand
Fourth of July celebration at this place.
The affair will be the leading Indepen
dence day celebration in Ajameda County,
as Oakland has decided not to hold one.
It is the intention of the committee to
get up such a programme as will attract
people from all over the county. There
will be parades and exercises and a grand
athletic programme. The events will be
prepared by a special committee, and
some very valuable prizes are offered by
the merchants.
Everybody is working for the success of
the affair. The impetus given to the town
by the recent Y. M. I. convention has
greatly encouraged the citizens, and the
feeling is unanimous to have a glorious
celebration. The committee in charge of
the affair are: P. Wilbert, Dr. Frank Peir
sol, Fred Allen, A. E. Fisher.
The literary exercises and athletic events
will be held in Hay wards Park.
COLORED REPUBLICANS
Organize a Campaign Club and Will
Appear in Neat I'lnform*.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 12.— Thirty rep
resentative colored Republicans met last
night in an uptown office and organized a
uniformed campaign club. It was con
ceded by some who have always been op
posed to separate political organizations
to be the right thing at the right time.
Speeches were made by O. T. Jackson, J.
W. Green, G. Turner, Edward Wilson, J.
W. Cowen and others.
It was proposed that the club be called
the McKinley Club, but some thought it a
little premature, whereupon it was de
cided that the club bear the name of the
Republican Presidential nominee, who
ever it may be. If the uniforms can be
made in time the club will make its debut
on the night of the ratification meetine.
A permanent organization was effected,
with the following officers: President, O.
T. Jackson; first vice-president, John
Crosby; second vice-president, J. W.
Green; third vice-president, Kd Wilson;
secretary, John Payne; assistant secre
tary, William Whitclaw; treasurer, J. W.
Cowen; sergeant-at-arms, Richard Cole
man.
The club adjourned, to meet again next
Wednesday night, the place not yet de
cided upon.
BANKER LITTLE.
Continuation of the Bogna Gold Brick
Trial.
OAKLAND. Cal., June 12.-Little of in
terest was developed to-day in the trial of
Andrew Root, the alleged assayer, who is
charged with conspiracy with "Big Foot"
Gordon in swindling S. G. Little of Dixon
out of $7500 by the "gold brick" scheme.
Little positively identifies Root as "Mor
ton," who was recommended by Gordon
as a reliable assayer and made the borings
lroni the brass bricks which Gordon and
the "Indian" unearthed near Piedmont.
Ju<ige Greene asked the witness a few
questions, in the course of which it was
developed that when Gordon proposed to
go to San Francisco with Little, who was
to eet the $7500. the latter asked to have
the two bricks from which the borings
were made brought into Morton's or
Root's room, and that Gordon proposed to
go to San Franci3co and leave the bricks
with the assayer without any concern as
to their safety. .This is considered as a
strong point indicating a conspiracy that
Root and Gordon were working hand in
band.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FOOTE TO MEET
GOULD TO-DAY.
Resolution Ready to Read
Daggett Out of the
Party.
MYSTERY OF A CONTEST
Has Not Been Served on Foote
or Laymance and Is Not
Signed.
YET IT WAS MADE PUBLIC.
Aiameda County Democrats Are
Preparing a Sensation for
Sacramento.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 12. j
W. W. Foote was a very surprised man
this morning when he read in The Call
that a notice of contest had been made
public in which it is made to appear that
his seat in the Sacramento convention is
in danger.
•'The whole business is a surprise to
me," said Mr. Foote to-night, "1 have
not the slightest objection to being served
with a contest through the columns of a
reputable paper like The Call, but it cer
tainly seems to me that it would be cour
teous to serve Mr. Laymance and myself
personally with the document addressed
to us. Neither Mr. Laymance nor myself
has seen anything of this contest, and we
would not have known of it had we not
read it in to-day's paper.
"It is a parcel of misrepresentations,
and unworthy of a gentleman's notice.
Another very peculiar feature about it is
that it is not signed. Who is the author
of it? Even Daggett ought to know that
an anonymous protest is not possessed of
much weight. 1 presume it is another
move of his. If he thinks that by putting
me in the position of being a contested
delegate I could not accept the
chairmanship of the convention be is
taking trouble for nothing. I have said I
do not want, and would not accept, the
chairmanship. Of course Daggett does not
believe this. He is so used to dissimula
tion that he cannot appreciate the truth,
and doubts everybody but a liar.
"I will repeat now that I will not listen
to any overtures seeking to even place my
name in nomination for the chairmanship
of the convention. Ido not believe any
honest man in California will doubt what
1 say. This remark, of course, does not
apply to Daggett. The mint man is
greatly overrating his strength, and if he
controls the convention i want nothing to
do with it.
"I cannot say just now whether I am in
favor of Gould or not. If Gould is for Dag
eett I am against him. I do not think
Gould is so much for Daggett as Daggett's
crowd are trying to make it appear.
Gould is coming down to-morrow to see
me. I shall say nothing in regard to him
till I have conferred with him. At this
time I am quite neutral as regards sup
porting him for chairman. I am willing
and anxious to hear him speak for himself.
"Daggett is a millstone around the neck
of the Democratic party. He is no good
as a Democrat and his record proves that
he is not to be trusted. He is a traitor to
bis party, and even now would be lost to
the world at Siskiyou if the influence of
the railroad had not gained for him the
superintendency of the Mint. His very,
appointment was arvinsult by the admin
istration to California's Democracy. What
decent man would dream of appointing a
man who had been unanimously read out
of his party at a State Convention?
"Daggett may be a very surprised man
in Sacramento. He is dome a lot of tall
talking, but a little thinkiner would be
more useful to him in the future. There
is a resolution already prepared for the
convention at Sacramento. 1 will not
make it public at this time, but its effect
is to read Daggett out of the party. He
will never know how unpopular he is till
he hears it read. Unless I am greatly
mistaken the Democracy of this State is
not particularly favorable to railroad
traitors.
M. J. Laymance is equally mystified re
garding the protest and its author.
"I know nothing about it," be said to
night, "and think it is a most indecent
met nod for Dagpett's crowd to follow. It
is addressed to W. \V. Foote and myself,
but neither of us has seen it. Daggett is
digging his political grave with commend
able rapidity."
HIS LAST WORD A CURSE
Gustin Louis Kaeding Commits
Suicide by Taking Two
Poisons.
He Welcomed Death and Passed Away
Bitterly Denouncing the C mn
try and People.
With a curse upon his lips Gustin Louis
Kaeding passed lrom this life last evening.
To-day his body will lie in a suicide's
grave in the Potter's field. Kaeding was
a native of Sweden and as his efforts in
this country were evidently all failures he
brought his life to a sudden end by swal
lowing enough poison to kill several men.
He was found in an unconscious condition
in the Oveiland House on Sacramento
street and removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where he died a few hours later.
ma was not the rash act of a madman,
but the cool, deliberate execution of a
well-planned exit and several letters he
left on the table showed that his mind
had been made up on this point for a
week. He had been in the Overland House
two days. His efforts to secure the poison
were not successful at first, but finally he
got what he wanted and a frightful mix
ture it was— port wine, laudanum and
strychnine. That he rejoiced at the pros
pect of death is apparent from this
writing:
Hallelujah, glory to God! Now I have pretty
near two ounces ol laudanum. lam so happy.
Oh, how glad I am that I can die! I know
many languages and have not been able to
get au honest living in this country of scoun
drels. But now I am going to get relief.
Hurrah! nurrah! for the opening day.
UtVTIN KtEDING.
Before taking the fatal draft the man's
thoughts ran back to his old home across
the sta, ana in a pensive spirit he wrote
the following, which was addressed to
King Oscar II of Sweden and Admiral F.
W. yon Otter.
Little did you think when you praised me
for my qualities that I sb.ou.id be a suicide in
Auction Sales
THIS DAY, AT 11 A. M.,
2488 MARKET ST.. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
FINE FU NITUiE OF 6 BOOMS.
FRANK \V. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery st.
far-away California, but so it is. Thanks for
your kind words and sympathy. Xow 1 think
of you as the poison is "working in my veins. I
never have been hapDy since I left the shores
of Sweden. God bless you. ' A monarchy is
better than a republic that is rotten.
Gustin Louis Kaedixg.
From the past his thoughts reverted to
the present. Here his thoughts were bitter
in the extreme, and his language was only
in denunciation of this country and people, j
His lines to the Coroner and public read |
as follows:
So now good-bye, robbers, scoundrels and
cutthroats. I spurn you. I scorn you. You
are a nation of thieves and your ruin is in
evitable. But the people who waik on a vol
cano thin"k everything is all righl till the
crash comes; theii you will go down to damna- !
tion. lam heartily glad of it.
Gums L. Kaedikg, Self-destroyer.
After tdis Kaeding took the poison and j
while waiting for it to operate he again
took up the pen and wrote. In one note
he made a will giving his clothes, revolver
aud watch to Peter Anderson. He also
wrote a letter in his native language to j
John Poison of 860 Howard street. Then
once more his thoughts turned to his con
dition. His last was in this way :
I don't know whether two ounces will kill
me or not, but I sincerely hope it will. Jf I
had any money I would procure more. How
ever, I hope for the best. I took ten grains of
strychnine awhile ago, and oh how happy I ;
feel. I wish every workingman had the sense i
to kill himself, and then tne , who !
are rolling in wealth, would be compelled to
work or starve. I said several days ago I was :
determined upon killing myself. I have kept!
my word. So farewell you' thieves and cut
throats.
I tried to get some poison in a Pleasanton
drugstore, but failed. I was then compelled j
to go to Sun Francisco to get it. I went to at
least a dozen drugstores, but the proprietors
refused io sell me any. J Jinally gave up the
job and made up my mind to shoot myself
with my revolver, though I hated to Jo it on |
account of the excitement that would surely
follow.
But I made up my mind to die. I resolved j
to do it quiety, so that no uproar would follow.
So when you rind me turn my body in all quiet
ness. 1 intended to say a good deal, but it
don't cut any figure, so I will dose with curses j
upon tne whole country and the whole Nation,
and may all kinds of misery befall this coun
try and its inhabitants is the ardent wish oi |
G. Louis Kaeding.
P. S.— l was born in Sweden on June 15,
1853, and became an unlucky sojourner in
California on October 5, 1889, and may you
all be
The devil induced me to do this. Oh, I wish
I had two ounces more to make sure of it. But
it is impossible, as my money is all gone. If I
don't die from this 1 will buy a box of giant
powder when I eet the money. lam bound to
die. No use talking. Hurrah! I have drank !
the poison— took about two ounces of lau
danum. If that don't kill me 1 will go and
fight Butcher Weyler.
By this time the deadly stuff began to
operate, and with great effort the dying
man scratched eff a few more words:
I am getting dizzy. A bottle olport wine
and two ounces of laudanum. God bless the
stuff. God be thanked.
DEATH OF FRANK VASLIT
Librarian of the Academy of
Sciences Passes Peacefully
Away.
The End Came to Hi Painlessly
Aftar Many Long Months of
Intense Suff.'rinj.
Frank H. Vaslit, the assistant librarian
of the Academy of Sciences, died at his
home, at 705Sutter street, yesterday morn
ing.
In the death of Mr. Vaslit the academy
loses one of its hardest workers. For
many years he has had charge of all the
Frank H. Vasllt
[Reproduced from a pftotograph.]
editing of the publications and the corre
spondence of the society. Although not
a scientist in the strictest sense of the
word he was able, by his great knowledge,
to be a great help to all of the curators.
Two years ago he was one of the party of
the academy's expedition to Lower Cali
fornia. While en this trip he did a great
deal of work that has been of the highest
value to science. His work in the prepa
ration of the work of the expedition won
for him many words of praise.
Mr. Vaslit has been in ill-health for
some time, suffering with a complication
of lung and kidney troubles. It was
thought that he was on the road to re
covery a few weeks ago, as he felt much
better than he bad for some time, but a
few days ago there was a sudden change
for the worse and the end caraa this morn
ing. Mr. Vaslit was 34 years of age. His
death will be a severe blow to a large
number of friends.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon from Native Sons' Hall. The
remains will be taken to Sonoma for inter
ment in the family burying plat.
CHANGED K APERS AGAIN.
Custody of the ■ arcpmi Child Trans-
ferrcd to Mrs. Herbert Hall.
Judge Slack yesterday awarded tb« cus
tody of the child in the Marceau case to
Mrs. Herbert Hall, where it may be visited
by Doth its parents. This is the third
keeper the youngster has had. It was
originally placed with a Mrs. Bennett,
then with a Mrs. Greene and now with
Mrs. hall.
It was agreed between the attorneys
that a new motion with retiard to the
child could be ma<ie by the giving of three
days' notice by either side.
Judge Slack has had the case taken off
the calendar for the present term.
The Peak of Tenenffe, 1.,236 feet hifrh,
is the greatest altitude in the Canary
Islands. It is said to be visible at sea in
clear weather for nearly a hundred miles.
V*^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«ferS»yM * »- #r » KEABKT ST. Established
Wrlf*^"fi3s ln I* s * forthetreatmentof Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62/> HKAKXV NT. Established
I in I*sl for ttuMn'iitiiipnt <>t Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
<aBBBBB*» disease wearing on body and mind and
uHnMQB Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
jj3nn(NHß| others fall. Try him. Charges low.
eMSSHEI <'nre»piiari»nl«'ed. Callorwrite.
Dr. « , *•. IUBOM, Box 1937, Sau Francisco.
GROCERIES! . __ GROCERIES!
Pavilion Auction-House. 319-321 Sutter St.
„„ At 1361 lolsoin St., cor. Tenth,
THIS DAY .... 1 . SATUItDAY
■ Jm.e 13, 1896, at 1 1 a. M.,
I Will Sell the New Fresh Stock or
Above Grocery-Store,
Consisting of an Al fresh stock of fanned and
Bottled ii ods. Groceries, Teas and Coffees. Im-
ported and domestic Wines. Liquors ami • u r ars,
fine count almost new Coffee-mill and Fair-
banks Scalt-, showcases, elegant Bar, Cash Regis-
ter, Glassware, Tables and Chair*, ere.
9. r. \s< Hi Auctioneer.
Above stock is now, frosli clean and s'apie-.'OOd*.
.Step!
IDfifit-
iwMffti
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
OCEAIt STEAMSHIPS:
ASTORIA ANITPORTIM
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Etate of California sails. Jane 2, 12 and 21
Columbia sails..... June 7, 17 and 11
From Bpear-sL Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 *. M.
fcUOUAiX, PERKINS A CO.. flenl "apt*.
V. *'. CONN OH. General Astern.
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
SPlrart Class 60.00
Beoond Class fiO OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
ooodajll, PEBKINH '& CO..
General Airents.
PACIFIC COAST STpiISIIIP COIP.MI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /*fjk.
v> Broadway wharf, t>au i raucisco, as xOSK
loll'-.ws:
For Mary Inland. I»rtn*. WranjreL Janeaa. Kil-
llsnoo ana Bltka (Alaska), at V a. * Jane 3,
13. ".H. *8 .In.v 3. IK. IK. 2H.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.% Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wliaicon> {BelUnirbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. w.
June 3. '. 13. IS. 23. 28. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. 11.. at Tacoin* with N. I*. K. It,
at Seattle with U. N. Ky.. at Port Townseud wita
A lad lea steamers.
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
boldt Bay» str. Pomona. 3 p. v.. June i, 6. 10.
14 I*. SRI, 'Jf> 3" and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Fort Harford (Han Luis Übispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Uueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana -Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. s. la, 16, 20, 154. 28 and every lourth day there-
For San DTeico, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San I-Dls Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port L<m
Anneles, Kedondo (Los Aniceles) and Newport- II
X. if., -i" i.c ■-'■ ''■ ">"■ 14: ■*• -"-• -*'• bOand every
fourth day thereafter. ■' _- _- ■-
For Knsenada. Pan Jose del Cabo, Masatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. m., Juno % 87. ana 25th or eacU month there-
* Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
* tre IiOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.. GenT Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ Jl«g;gL
HAWAII, SAMOA. L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI »v
AUSTRALIA. %/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. P. A LAM EDA Rails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. K.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. A*ts.
114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COSPAGXIE GKJFPi.IL TR.WSATL I VTIOLB
French Linn to Havre. *3HUI
/IOMPANY's PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH >*<«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -kbcSK
this line avoid both transit oy English railway au<l
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yuri to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
tirst-ciass $160: second-class, $116.
i.A TOURAINE. CapU Santelll.. . May 2* Ba. St.
LA NORMANDIE May 23. Bt.it
LA GASCOGNE Jn c 20, 7 A. it.
LA NOK 1AND1&...... July i, Ba. U.
LA GAi-COONE July 23. 11 a, if.
LA NORM A NDIK. ....August 1, 5 A. K.
LA BOUROJOONE. Capt. Lelv>euf. June 6, 7 a. m,
$&• For further parties!*™ apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3 Bo.v in. Green, New Yorfc
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
•venue. San Francl»c&.
«"Rfr?n.K HAMBURG-AMERICAS USE
£*»»?*!$&!&> TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
■ ' Tr^fciEf- - Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Ch»rbour><. i aria <fc Hamburg.
A. Victoria. June 18 I Columbia. July 2
F. Bismarck June 25 I Nonnannia July 9
I. Cab.. *9.'> and upward; 11. Can., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 3 h.. free of char?a.
by special train: CHERBOUKO-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway. N. V., or to KAHN A HER-
ZOG, Agents, 401 Calif orniasU. San Francisco,Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALIj /frqy
O fortnightly for the West Indies and siUSB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; third
class. 1 $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT & CO., Agents,
. 306 California sU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At 5 P. M, Daily.
c;.; Z Sunday at 7P. M.
tS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
bXJiAMjJKs:
T. C. Walker, J.D.Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. C«
iALLEJO, MARE ISLASD/BESICIA, POUT
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
STR. MONTICELtO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— a. m
and 4 P. it ; Saturday, lv:30 a. m., 3:30 p. mi
■ • Sund»y-8 p. k. *
•4*. M.only. , ;
Landing, Mission 1. Plw a.
1314
THOUGHT HIM PREJUDICED
Why F. W. Harnish Did Not
Want Justice Kerrigan to
Try His Case.
He Filei an Affidavit Charging Bias
Under a Mistaken Im
press on.
A presumed dijjerence in religious belief
between the court and a party to an action
that came up for trial was mad 6 the basis
of an affidavit riled in Justice Kerrigan's
court yesterday, alleging that the affiant
could not get a fair and impartial trial.
The case was that of P. W. Riordan,
Archbisnop of San Francisco, against F.
W. riarnish, in which the Catholic prelate
sought to oust the defendant from a cer
tain house claimed as the property of the
plaintiff. ■ .
The complaint alleged that Harnish
entered into possession of the premises on
March 12 last, tne monthly rental then
being $5; that subsequently the rent was
raised to $25 per month, which the defend
ant refused to pay. He also declined to
vacate. Tne Most Reverend Archbishop
Riordan asked possession and back rent.
When the case was called Attorney Har
ris, who, in the absence of Harnish's regu
lar attorney, Laura de Force Gordon, rep
resented the defendant, presented an
affidavit sworn to by the defendant alleg
ing that owing to the prejudice of the
court he could not get a fair and impartial
trial, and asking that the case be trans
ferred to another court.
Attorney Harris argued that the fact of
the affidavit being tiled made it incumbent
on the court to transfer the case, but At
torney Matt Sullivan, who represented the
Archbishop, thought differently ami called
Harnish to tne stand to explain his affi
davit.
The defendant did not seem to be very
clear on the matter, but maJe a rambling
statement to the effect tnat the Arch
bishop, the court and the attorney for the
plaintiff were ail of the same faith and in
a nne, and that he could not get a "fair
deal." He admitted being prejudiced
against the court.
Justice Kerrigan listened with due judi
cial severity while Harnish was making
his explanation and then remsed to enter
tain the affidavit and ordered the case to
trial. Harnish demanded a jury trial, but
wilted when he was tola that he would
have to put up $27 jury fees before the case
was taken up. Then the cause was tried
and judgment given for the plaintiff on a
strung case being made against him.
"The humorous part of it all was," said
Justice Kerrigan after the disgusted Har
nish and his friends had tiled out, "that 1
am not a Catholic. I might have sent the
case to Judge Barry or Judge Carroll, bu;
I don't suppose that would have helped
matters much."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J S Clark <fe w. Cal B T Devlin A w, Sacto
mpsondtpty.Cml D X Minor, Cal
H .1 Edwards, San Jose A P Brayton. Cal
E C Culler, i.rass Val E Hand, nakiand
JI 1 Livermore M G Hadley, Mass
Miss I. Hadley, Mass F J Adams. Nev City
Mica E llohns, Jangstn W J Davis it w, Sacto
I. .. Harlow, sto kton F Morton, .n V
W C ll<'ilbron, Seattle W McKnlght &w. San D
1- .1 Magetti c\: w, Marshl J A Bernstein, Los Ang
Mrs Beraslein & 2 c. Cal Miss Bernstein, Los Ang
F Bartlett, Livermor • Mrs <; Keck, Livermore
Jas Walsh, Paso RoDles G A Kane. Aryan City
Miss J Brooks, Portland G W Haich & w, Vir Ctv
.1 1! Prke, si-. ;o D W Anderson <fe w, Cal
.1 Banen , Hanford R B Gage. Los Angeles
H E Wilkinson & iv.Cal J F Williams & m, Cal
A J Dugcins. Victoria Mrs Hoffman, Snta Cruz
A C >hal*>, Net-dies Miss Herron, Pt Arena
I' Johnson, Angeis Cmp HP vndruwa, Red Bluff
R Diller, Chicago J R Vonßockjin, Seattle
C Moltzen & w, Pt Reys Mrs Baker, Pt Reyes
L Antler, Devon G C Alesandre, Alesandr
A J Barlow, Boston S Kil ebrow & w, Mexico
Miss Hernberow, Eng A S Cooper, Sta Barbara
C X Crowley, Los Ang E P Tomkinson, Los An
G A Parker, Visalla E M Porter & w, Naoa
Dr W J Taylor, Sacto Mrs M A Heath, Portland
P.USS HOUSE.
G A Hicks, Santa Rosa S Chaves, Guatemala
P <l:a:rs, Guatemala J A Milan. Guatemala
A Moiino, Guatemala E BUmd, Ariz
C Cumming, Monterey E MeGettiog. Vallejo
.1 X iluberly&w, Jackson F Joden, Rockiand
<- D Sheppard, dßkland H 1 ode-i. cak and
J P Poits. San Hatael A Crow, P.eftsanton
C B >ustuane. Woodland Dr L E Rice. San Jose
Mrs M B Rice. San Jose H Beckers, Kresuo
J J Bryan <fc (*.. Vina C W Thoinpsnn.Tomales
W 8 Crtss, Oeddinx CFMcGlashan<t2cTnicke
)1 '. Spy tier, Chicago P R Harris, anta Kosa
1' Malior.ey, Sr>n Jose S -; Little, Dixon
•I Depoli Amador P Kirk. Seattle
E i' Newhall, Wash R Shearer, GaU
\V Miller, Los Angeles A Waters, Hocklin
J Lawler, l'e-aluma L E Brown, Oakland
B( >ar;ent, Stockton E Tavlor, Railroad Flat
Mrs Johnson. Sac W Gilber;, Fresno
\V d Oandy, Colorado W Eastman, Hoi lls er
EG i ('•> k>-. St Louis D M Livingston, San Jose
A J Kraob, Ft Madison E E Krabbi Ft Madison
Miss Uausou, Fresno W D Houston, Chico
LICK HOl
W Mills, Grab Gulch L C Jacobs, Oroville
1 W Kenua, N V N E Boyd, Miirysville
J F Jo^ea, Yuba City S W Rix, Yuba City
C M Pec-;, Melted J F Pick, Merced
J M Williams, Newman W T Cotter, Saratoga
Mrs Huff, YiscliDunc DrG Ivancrouch, Cal
P H Johnson, San Jose T P Tisdale, Alameaa
W J Hellman, Cal W Campbell, Grass Valley
R Levy, Cal G Lamont, Suisu n
B Ii mmons, Cal H Cohn, Cal
.1 E Frick, Berkeley W H Cleary, Stockton
Mr-- H Clark, Sacto J H Dorety, OaklaDd
W ¥ -pencer tt wf. Cal Mrs C Clawion, Portland
J J Thomas, salt Lake P J Hennessy, Chicago
T F Keely, Chicago F W Smith, Redding
PALACE HOTEL.
P H Beach Jr, Rochester J A Brent, Salt Lake
(; Mason. I-os An:eles JC tislier, >an Die^o
M \V Powell, Chicago J D Sproule, en co
Mrs X >Brown, Pasadena MlssAAlirown, Pasadena
Mrs J G !-> man, N V WBrewster&w.Georgetn
D M Addison. U S N C D S.earns, U 8 M
G Lyman &w, Pasadena R P laisdei, Los Angeles
S Korean dt w, N V W i^lennou. Guatemala
J\V Mitchell <fcw. LosAng J Swain, D HN
EC X Folger, Oakland Miss Lewis, Petaluma
X B Miller, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Roberts.Sa- ramento A L Wolfe, Oakland
G Schulze, Dixon G Valerro. N V
F a Jeffers, liiinfnrd C A Trowbridpe, St Louis
B Baruch. San Salvador CW I'rankel, N y
<;><hwMrzfnbackJr Haiti M Curtis, Wash
M m M Curtis, U'u<h J S Coxey & w, Ohio
Miss F A Moore, Seattle B A Gi - nn. Portland
T Worth Fresno RC de Ix>ng, Los A ngeles
M ss I- Brown, >anDlego Mrs C B Carlin, San Diego
II C Burns, Vallejo T Carmack. Vallejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
W A Perde & frnd. Cal KE H tcLcook, Elmira
Mrs O Wilson. Los An& B U Fisher, Alameda
A Hackef, Alameda X E Kenslig, Detroit
M Gensha-.v, N V C J Godfrey. Oakland
J E Browning, sprufle:d R R'odengenz, Ireland
M E Davidson. Oakland G W Krelu, Wooibridge
X H Wise, Portland RGCummings Portland
P G Campbell <fc fy, Cal J C Owen, Santa Paula
CA X tuts <fe w, S Mateo F S Grigs, Lexington
II W ! lattenbury. Mo T A Catsoa, Lexington
3 P Meylar, >an Juan G Ellsworth, Grafton
C 0 Hart well, Downevllle
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James Campbell to James K. Garniss, lot on W
line of Valenc a street, 90 S of Fifteenth, S 60
by W 137:6: $10.
Kate Walt ham (nee Luhrs.and as guardians Wil
lism H., Alexander G., Uiaries J. and Mary C
Brockhoff) to \V. W. Lewis, lot on N lineof Twehty
fourth street, 50 \» of York, W 50 by N lj*.
$2100
William and Martha J. Crittenien to A. E. Buck
inchara, loton E line of Eizhth avenue, 100 N of
.1 street, N .5 by E 120: $10.
Del phine Alexander to Tiieodore Alexander, lot
on X line oi Forty-first avenue, 100 S of T street
S .'0 by E 120: gill.
Charles i. and Lillian M.Moore to Elsrin E. Stod
dard, lots 242 and 261, Kt-yman Tract: $10
Daniel ai:d Ann Campbell (by R. I. Whelmi.
Sheriff) to James Wehste , lot on SE line of Wyo
ming avenue, 155 E of Hekles street, SE 107 by
NX 50, block 9, Sears' suulivislous. West End 2
-5252.
Mary Corcoran to ;-;ilen Corcoran, lot on S line of
Powell avpnue. 125 E of M ission street, E 2o by S
Mid, subdivision 7 of ( nmmintfs' map o* Precita
Valley lots 354 357: $10.
Jt.hn H. and Ellen G, tirady Io Horatio R. Man
nln?, undivided third Interest In lot on NE line of
Fifteenth avenue. 225 Si-, of Q street, SE 25 by
NX 100, ON. and H.. 292: $10.
i:ilen I-'itzpatrick to Ci:y and County of San
Frau i-co. stree:s. eta; $1.
Pacific Improvement Company to same, same;
$ I •
Richard E. Queen to same, same; $1.
Charles L. I'bboiT osame, same; $1.
Horace L. Hill to sump, same; $1.
< aru-s T. and Abbie L. Patriarchs to same,
same; 81.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
W. H. Summers to Hose A. Summers, lot on S
line of Twentieth street, I_s W of Castro, W 25 by
8 !«>♦;. Mock 249, Oakland: also Io: on s line of
I uintiel . (.treet. 115 R of Brush, E Hb by S ]O().
block '294, Oakland; gift.
O. 1., shatter Estate Company to Thomas Crellin,
loton sK corner of Alice aDd Durant streets, S
150 by E 13394. Oakland: $15,000.
The Central Land tpnipfvny(a corporation) to
Pred ii. Weston, lot on s line of Thirty-third
or Nolan street, 369 E of West, S 100 by E 36,
block F, map of Central Land Company, Oakland;
James and Mary Shields to W. H. Putson, lot on
S lino of Minna street, 375:1 E of Telegraph av«
nne ns It existed June 18. 1872, E 52 by H 100,
biiiij; lot. 23, Liuden Homestead, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
8. < '. and Isabel O'B'.eelow to William J. Dingee.
'ot 15, l/!ock D, map of Thermal Hill (formerly
liowe) Tract Oakland Township; $10.
O. L. Sh fter Estate Company to Mary E. Alex
ander lot on line of Bowditch street. 60 N of
tlaste, N 20 by X l-'5, b"iug portion of lot 6,
Sbafter Tract, Berkeley: SlO.
Dora s. Williams io W. E. Hopkitn, lot on N
line of Bancroft way. 1*9.83 E of Piedmont way,
N 145.70, X 50.05, S 148.10, W 50. to beginning,
oi i:<. subdivision of the Benton property,
Berkelpy: $10.
W. II and Mrs. W. H. Rutson to Ja ues and
Mary Shields, lot On W line of orchard avenue.
653:3 S of Davis street, S 50 by W 104:2. being Io -
52, Smith's subdivision of San Leandro, Erien
Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Babette Fe lerlein with Robert Trost, to erect a
building on the S line of Bush street, 137:6 Eof
Taylor; Havens & froepke, architects, $ iOOO.
liouis Conrad with Peter J. Lyncli, alterations
and additions to a two-story building on the S line
of Golden Gate avenue near Poik street; $1375.
Anna D. Whittell with Campbell & Pettus, to
erect t wen :v six flats on the sK corner of Hyde
and Broadway streets; Clinton Day, architect;
$:8,256
William Sharp with Robert Currie, alterations
aud additions to a building on Geary street, near
Jones: F. B. Wood, architect; $1870.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESB OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca!I~
TlO Market street, open until 12 o clock even
ctght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery ttnet
rorner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, apa
on til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
Sp^^OvTA^rK^UETBOmST EPISCOPAL
Bs-^* Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts —
Ber. M. F. Colburn, pastor. Services at 11 a. m.
subject children's day service, entitled, "The
Young Crusaders," accompanied by special decor: -
tionsand music; 10 a. m., Boys' Brigade Bible class,
led by W. D. Kingsbury: Sunday-school, 2:30 p. m.;
class-meeting at 6:30 p. m., led by Rev. James
Renwick. Everybody invited. Praise service at
7:30 p.m., led by Brother Robert Husband. At
7:45 p. M. service for young men under the
auspices of the Boys' Brlcade. Sermon subject,"
"One Grandest Hero and the Greatest Fight In the
World." Special music; everybody invited: seats
free. ■
3T~S= CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
-r~—r Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth — Rev. E. K. Dille, D.D., pastor: J. J.
Morris, musical director; H. M. Bosworth, organ-
ist; R. V. Watt, Sunday-school superintendent.
Children's day service. "The Younst Crusaders"
at 11 a. m. Children's da and American flag day
will be celebrated. In the evening the pastor will
preach: subject, "Divine Fatherhood: Human
P.r.' h-rhood." Rev. Dr. E. S. Chapman will lec-
ture on 'The Testimony of the Rocks" on Thurs-
day evening.
;p_p SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
.S-jS' Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets — Rev. John Stephens, pastor: resi-
dence 309 Haight street. Preaching at 11 a. if.
and 7:30 p. m.; the pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Subject at 11 a. m. : "The Divine Call to
Man." At 7:45 p. M., special temperance service.
Address by pastor. Sunday-school at 12:30 p.m..
C. B. Perkins superintendent: Epworth League
service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially invited
to all the services of this church, seats free.
Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45 o'clock. . -.
qpsg* HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, BK-
—■■■& tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W.Case. D. D..
pastor. Hours of public services 1 1 a. m. and
7:45 p. M. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening.
Epworth League 6:45 Sunday evening. < hil-
dren's day service by the Sunday-school at 11 A. m.
Preaching in the evening by Rev. F. J. Musters:
subject, "Is There Any Life Beyond the Grave?"
Church telephone black 961.
;*_^S= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN church,
ur^^? cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pus.tor: Rev. Edwin H.
.lenks. co-pastor. Rev. Mr.'.ltnks will preach at
11 a. m. and 7:45 P. m. Sunday-school at 12:45
P. m. Youne People's society of Christian En-
deavor at 6:30 p.m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45. All are welcome to these services.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
3^^~KIN^^OLOMON^LODGE. NO. jT~
■S^ 260, F. and A. M.— officers and _fV_
members are hereby notified to attend tbe^JST
funeral of our late brother. SAMUEL VAL- f^r^
LEaU. from the Masonic Temple, on SUNDAY,
June 14, at 1 o'clock p. m. By order of the Master.
HARRY BA. HR. Secretary.
rj_^» MOUNT MORI AH LODGE NO. _\\
*J^ 44. F. and A. M.— Officers and meni-__
bers are respectfully requesed to assemble jK3T
SATURDAY. June 13. at 2 P. m., for ihe/^ r x
purpose of attending the funeral of our late broth-
er. CHRISTIAN SCHEC RER. By or.'er of the
W. M. THEO. FROLICH, Sec.
__s§=» A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE
tS^ Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy St., THIS (SATUR-
DAY) EVENING, June 13, at 8 o'clock. Busi-
ness of the greatest importance will be brought be-
fore the association.
JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
jp_r* ELEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- a_
* ; -w' me and family reunion of tlie %_/Bj>
Servian Mon:enegrin L. and B. Society, __■■»
SUNDAY, June 14, 1896. at California __B_H
S<:bu:*tzen Park, San Rafael. Bouts 9^fri?'S
leave i ibiiron ferry, foot of Marker St., BJsJSfcS
st 9:30 and 11 a. if. and 1:30 and 3:3u __\MW3
p. m. Special train will leave park at w£ffi»sy
6:3Jp. m. A«U: t's ticket, round trip, in- ~ JW *'
I eluding admission to the park. 50c; children's
ticket, 25c. Grand tombola: first prize .$BO cash,
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE.
!jK7§=> OFFICERS AND MRMBKRS~OF THE
S^S? Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. Society.—
Yon are hereby requested to meet SUNDAY
MORNING NEXT, June 14. in your hall, 10 Cali-
fornia street, at 7:30 o'clock sharp, to march to-
gether to the. ferry. By oruer of
LAZAR JoVOBICII. President.
Lazar S. Chi'ri h .Recording Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
_^P~T>R^rH^i?^MXjrA7rDnin3fQu7sT^^^
-w— s^ moved to 1370 Marketsu; poor treated free.
_^» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
«-~—^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
»r_p coff_;y"s COLLECTION CO., 235
-r~-~^ Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10: ail
costs paid. Telephone Red 364. .
' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
C£_sp DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
l-S>-^ 32 (25 cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
.-ugar Plantation company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after SATURDAY, June 20. 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday. June 13, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. • I-:. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK
JT by the day or month; has good reference; city
or country. Apply 610 Clay st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
O woman to do housework; is a good cook; will
do washing. 924 Washington St., near Powell.
ArOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
X sist with housework ; wages $12. Address E.
A., box 62, Call Office.
yoCNGGIRL DESIRES POSITION AS COM-
X rmnion to elderly lady, or second work in pri-
vate faniilv, or waitress in a nice boarding-house.
Address MISS S., 19 Sixth st., near Stevenson.
FIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES A SITUATION
j X in hotel or bo»rdlne-house; city or country;
I city references. Apply 81 Natoma st.
poMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW DE-
\J sires a situation as housekeeper or chamber-
maid: city or country. all or address 1312 York
st., bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
/"COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
Vj do general housework; good cook and laun-
dress. . Call or address 254 Natoma St.
KKSSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS;
$1 50 a day: good cutter and fitter; fit guaran-
teed. Address W. T.. box 68, this office.
YOUXO GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
I waitress or chambermaid in private family
good references. Address W. X., box 126, Call,
] > ELIABLE SWEDISH 0 RITwiSHES WORK
XI by the day. week or month; good cook and
laundress. Address E. D., box HI. ibis office.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
X position to ass st with li.;ht housework- no
postals. 1623 Powell St., top floor.
KALTHY WOMAN WITH FKU.SH BREAST
of milk wishes a baby to nurse. Please call
I 408 Chestnut St.
| yOUNG WOMAN WANTS A PLACE AT
X general housework or waiting on a table. Call
1907 Lombard st.
V"I.M; WII)OW~DEBIRES A "position AS
X housekeeper for widower or bachelor: good
home more of an objert than wa2es: no trident
need appl . Call of address Widow, 955 Howard.
I T-Trst-claj-s dressmaker WILL GO OUT
! X I b\- ihe day or work at home: fit guaranteed;
] reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
jrr'XPKßl i-;Nci^ GERMAN LADY WISHES
XJ any kind of work by the day; wages $1. 602
Howard st
EESPECTABLE girl desirks position
in nice family: general housework or cham-
berwork: reasonable wages; in a nice home pre-
ferred. 22 Fifth st v
■y-ouNG lady wishes position as
1 Housekeeper; city or country. Call at 1626
San (.'«rlO4 aye.
RKSSMAKKR WILL MAKE SUITS, $4.
any style: perfect fit guaranteed. 2 Rose aye ,
upstairs; no sign. .
i YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN. WITH A BABY.
1 wishes situation, in city or country. Inquire
; 207 Montgomery aye.
VfEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
1> to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2505 Va Mission st. . .
p ERMAN WOMAN, WITH CHILD 6 YEARS
i " X old, wants situation as ranch cook or as work-
I ing housekeeper. Call or address 2028 Folsom st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
■pOSITIOK AS GOVERNESS BY experien-
X ced young lady; English branches taught; also
Spanish and music. Ad. S. a., box 46, Call Office.
p.OMPETENT GIRL WANT* SITUATION TO
\J take care of an infant or grown children. Call
or address 1429 Polk st- .
rOMAK, UNDERSTANDS COOKING AND
cli-aning, wants work by the day or week.
.Address B 0., box 61, Call office.
0 ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG BCAN-
i^ dinavlan girl in a respectable family. Call at
1020 Mission st. .
"Tmekiuan woman WANTS any KINDOF
A. work: city or country: call or Inclose fare.
f<23 Eighth st..^)itklaud.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
-1 erness. chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. <;., box 17, Call Office,
7 COMPETENT, RELIABLE woman WISHES
yj situation, city or country, as nurseglrl and
sewing or chani berwork -nd sewing; good refer-
ence. Address M H., 907 Dolores St., city.
■\f EAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
i.i tion for upstairs work or general housework.
Apply 1022 Larkin st.
<C ITU AT. ON WANTED BY a SCOTCH GIRL
kJ as Infant nurse with children; the best of ref-
erences given. Call or address 529 Eighth St.,
Oakland. ■
\7OUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell St., room 5. '
THIRST-CLASH FRENCH CHILDREN'S
X dressmaker wants few more engagements by
the day, week or month: terms moderate; satis-
faction guaranteed. Address H. H., box 122, Call.
VY r INCHES , EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-BIALE. "
O^rE^COO^sT^AWERsTPORTER^AND
men for all work can be secured at J. F. C BOS-
ETT >fc CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY-CO.. 640 Clay.
P C. G. COOK' 6 SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches :shorl notice. 14Gearr. tel.Orant4S.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY -
. ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. bI4K sutter: tel Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4 14 V 2 O'Farreil; tel. K. 42a
ANTED BY AN EXPERIENCED SALKS-
»* man position with a first-class house in any
line: best of references furnished. S. LIPMAN,
1319 Webster at,.
POMPEIENT PAINTER, WHITES R,
\J tinier, etc.,: will work cheap for private par-
ties. hotels or institution: day or contract: city or
country. Address Painter, 308 Twenty-fourth St.,
Oakland. Cal. -
MAN, JUST ARRIVED FROM GERMANY.
36 years, understands grocery, distillery.wine,
picture-frame factory, good penman, desires situa-
tion; city or country; speaks English sufficient.
E. S., 548 Minna st.
p ERMAN YOUNG MAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE
V.T to get a position as porter, gardener and gen-
eral work about a private or business place; good
reference. Address E. M., box 83, this office.
yOU.NG MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
X drive a milk or delivery wagon: has had years
of experience; knows city well. Address j., box
5, this office.
■yoUNG MAN OF 21 WOULD LIKE WORK
1 of any kind. R. M. __ 11l Valparaiso st.
AN AND WIFE: EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on unvate
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or .second work: re:erences.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
AKRI. C MAN. GERMAN, WANTS l'OSl-
tion in wine-cellar; cooper by trade. Address
P. ZINK, Biy a Converse st.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife with little girl 3 years old; man is handy
with b:acKsmith and carpenters' tools, also about
place and farm; wife is «,-ood plain cook and house-
keeper; will work for small wages on steady
place. Address PAUL KOTHER, Foresivllle.
Sonoma County, Cal.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place: man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook:
both first-class references. Address J. S. RATH-
GEB;-.R, Napa, Cal.
ArOUNG SWISS GARDENER, SPEAKING
X German and French, and having pretty good
knowledge of English, desires situation; has been
employed in all branches of horticulture; best ref-
erences from Europe; salary no object. Apply
ss. G., box 15, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
couple; wife good plain cook and seamstress,
man understands the care of horses, cattle, gar-
den, etc. and is handy with tools; references. Call
or address A., 321 Ellis st.
SITUATION WANTED BY COACHMAN;
O thoroughly understands his business; also gar-
den and cows; first-class references: willing about
place. Address NED, 2426 Buena Vista aye.,
Aiaaieda. Cal.
9 PAINTERS WANT WORK BY iHE DAY'
—i or contract: have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms:
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Call Office.
POSITION AS LODGING-HOUSE CLERK,
X porter, janitor or driver for delivery wagon:
speaks English. German, Swedish and Russian;
references, call or address (;., 31 9 Ellis st.
SITUATION 'WANTED"" BY FIRST-CLASS
man around private place to take care of horses
*and cows; Is good careful driver and fair gardener;
handy with tools. Address F. G., box 17, Call.
THIRST-CLASS man \ HO IS AN excel-
_X lent coo.c wants situation around a private
piece or to coo . for 4or 5 men on a ranch. Ad-
dress C. F. J., box 152, Call Office.
"yOCNG MAN WANTS POSITION AS GAR-
X dener for private family or to take care of
horses or on s:ockrancb. Address E. F., Frank's
Hotel, Aiamtda.
p OOD STRONG BOY WANTS SITUATION TO
vJ learn a trade; machinist preferred. Address
J. M., 2115 Pacific aye., Alameda.
GOOD BUTCHER wants SITUATION.
Call or address J. H. WALLENBERG, Yo-
semite House.
AMERICAN MAN AND WIFE WITHOUT
A children want work on fruit ranch; wages to
suit the times. A. M., box 14, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS MAN ABOUT
tj place or care for place during owner's absence;
city or country: references given. Address S. A.,
box 61, i all Office.
\'OIXG MAN AND WIFE, No CHILDREN,
X American, want work; man can do all kinds of
farm and orchard work; good driver: wife good
cook; be»t of reference given. Address Winches-
ter House, 44 Third at., room 30.
DANK WANTS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools: references given.
Address W. R.. box 9, this office.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN BARTENDER
Xli wants situation in a saloon or grocery store.
Call on J. T., 1309 Stockton st ■-.-.■
p ERMAN GARDENER WISHES situa-
VJT tion; good references. Address Gardener, 417
Kearny st., S. F.
IRST-CLA>S LAUNDRYMAN, WITH TEN
X years' experience at running a St. Ciair shirt-
polishing machine, wishes it position. Call or ad-
dress 1»21 Myrtle St., Oakland.
\VT OODWORKER— WANTED: GOOD ME-
'» chanlc. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Ca'..
YV ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN WITH EX-
*» perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad-
dress W. <> box 98, Call Office.
"\TERY GOOD F ENCH WINE-CELLAR
V man for all kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room: 203
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ArOUNG GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X as coachman, milker or gardener: good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63, this office.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services In the expprting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. ;
VY r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an I baegacp io nnd from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— FRENCH COOK, $35: ~AME lll-
can cook, $35; nursegirl, $15; French maid,
$25: Italian girl for housework, £10; chamber-
maid and washing, small hotel, $16; young girls
to assist, $10 and $12. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st. .
OOK, AMERITAN FAMILY, $35: SECOND
\J girl. $25: German cook, $30; 15 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULL EN, 323
Sutter sU ,
\TURSE FOR LOS ANGELES, $20. - MISS
i\ CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
\\, r ANTED — LAUNDRESS AND SECOND
■»» girl. $25: 4 German, French, Scandinavian
and Irish second cirls, $2 > and $25; laundress, In-
stitution, $22 50- 3 waitresses for pprings and
hotels. $20: 3 cooks, German style, $25; and oth-
ers. J. t. CROSETT & CO, 31- Sutter st.
•VTEAT WAITRESS, STEADY. COUNTRY
iN hotel, short disance from city, $50. "-i-e party
here 10 o'clock. MURRAY <fe READY, 634 Clay.
WAITRESS. MINING TOWN. $20, FKrE
'» fare: cook, private family, country. $20; and
other paces. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay st.
YV AITREfeS FOR SPRINGS. $20; 2 WAIT-
' » ressesand 1 chambermaid for same country
hotel. $20 each, call early: wnitress, city, $20. C.
R. HAN SEN & CO.. 110 __________________
PIIAMBERMAID, NOT TOO YOUNG. TO AS-
\J slst waiting, country hotel, $20. R. G. WARD
&CO., 610 Clay at. . . ' - . '
O YOUNG NURSEGIRLS, $10 AND $12. ALSO
-• nurspgirl, sleep home; 3 girls for housework.
M»KS. HIRD, 721 Bills St. -
WAITRESS, resort, $20. HOTEL of
, IT ZETTK, 420 Kearny St. .
HELP WANTED— Continued ___ ___
\\T A NIfED-FOIirFAMTLi r 'bV'3. GERMAN
»' girl, to assist with housework and care child;
"a-es $12 50. Apply 515 Devisadero St., between
Hayes and Fell. : '; ' '
Ur A NTED— YOUNG GIRL BETWEEM the
ages of 14 and 16 for country; good Jio me. in-
cluding clothes or small wages. Call C. GRUN-
DE L. 335 Kearny st., before 12 o'clock.
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 527
T Natoma st. . "'"'•"
YOUNG, SMART GIRL FOR LIGHTENING
X work. 1155 Market st. -■ _____
p IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK
\JT In small family. Call 222 second aye., Rich-
mond.
"\"TTUNG LADY TO LEARN TYPEWRITING;
X free. Address S. R., box 80, Call Office.
LADIES~TO SELL TOILET PKEPARA-
tIons: balrdresslng, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER, 131 Post st.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISs DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
T EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE TUOR-
XJ oughly at MRS. R. L. JONES', 605 Fell St.
APPRENTICES -FREE "lessons EVERY
A Tues. In dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
IJ>EN.-slONa— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.
AiKDRESsiNO. 25<: AND 3&C: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons. sl &0. 1248 Mission.
p OAT-FIN ISHKRS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street. ■ •
\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT
JX Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
]"\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ laught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c co. McDOWELL Academy. 21M Pow__j______
male HELP WANTED.
qh7)KbuTclie^~and^a^js^g^m^ker^
0 country shop, $60 to $60 and found; Japanese
boy b"dmaker, country, $15, and fare paid: three
milkers, same place, $20: dishwasher, country
restaurant, $16 and found; choreboy and milk,
country. $12; two farmhands, Santa Clara Valley,
$20. R. T. WARD <fc CO., 608 and 610 Clay St.
ANTED— MAN TO RUN SELF-BINDER,
"" $40 and board; helper, same job, $30; 2 men
for first-class ranch, near city, run mower, etc.,
$20 uud board, long job; also farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WAITER, WHO PLAYS VIOLIN OR PIANO,
"» for springs. $30: 2 waiters for springs, $25;
porter, who can play piano and slug, for a resort,
$30 anil found. c. '><. HA.SSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
0 SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN QUARTZ
«J miners, $2 60 to $2 75 a day; 3 Hungarian
quartz miners, $2 50 to $2 75 a day. C. R. AN-
6EN <t CO., 110 Geary st.
EAD COOK, $80: SECOND COOK, $40; FOR
a mountain resort. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
110 Geary st. .
APER-HANGER, COUNTRY, $3 50 A DAY.
C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
ANG OF LABORERS FOR TRACKLAY-
ing; 20 farmers, near city, $20 and $25: 6
milkers, $20. C. P.. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
1 UNCH-COUNTER MAN: GOOD CARVER
Xj and salad-maker. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
\y ANTED- WAITER WHO SPEAKS
*' French, $40; waiter, small restaurant, $7 a
week: cook, plain restaurant, $40: dishwasher.
$15; young Frenchman to assist waiting, $20;
French couple, private family, $50; French farmer,
*25, etc. LEON ANDRE, '315 Stockton st.
PAPER- HANGER, $3 50 A D A CALL
X early; 4 cooks; 2 waiters; 2 dishwashers; wash-
er, country laundry, $30. MURRAY <fc HEADY,
634 and 636 Clay si.
\\' HE X I.W RIO 'IT FOR COUNTRY SHOP; 4
" blacksmiths; 20 farmers orchard an l vii
yard hands; milker. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. '
Il\ RAILROAD TEAMSTERS: 10 LABOR-
-1-" ers, ci.y work; 6 swampers, $26: 5 men to
build roads, $26; 2 1 tiemakers. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 i lay st.
V\ r A NTED^bTr DRILL MINER, $3
»' day; chuckman, $2 50 day; man to pickle
olives, $2 I to $S0 una found; washer for laundry;
farmers, $20 and $25, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT <£ CO., 6.8 Sacramento St.
Air ANTED— COLORED COOK FOR RESORT,
■ ' $35. fare paid; cook, country hotel, $35: cook
for ranch, $15: second coo*, country. Apply to
J. F. V.ROSETT <fe CO., 628 Sacramento st.
p MAS WAITER, $25] ROOM, ETC.
VJT chophouse cook, $35, roam, etc. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
WAITER FOR COUNTRY, $35: COLORED
'» waiter. $30. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
PAINTERS WANTED TO ATTEND THE
X special called meeting to-night, at 8 o'clock, at
I urK-street Temple. Matters of great importance
to be acted upon. -
AN IN A WINEHOUSE WHO SPEAKS
German : aCL as barke per: understands mix-
ing drinks and i c a good inside salesman: only one
with best references from la^t employer in the
city need apply. . B. (">.. box 138, Call.
iy ANTED — INTELLIGENT GENTLEMEN
"" and ladies In every town to work at home;
neat, steady employment: we pay salary: enclose
stamp. Stand Manufacturing Company, 142
West Twenty-thin! St., New York. ■>.
\\r ANTED— LIVE MAN, A LITTLE CASH
'» and plenty of push; big pay to right man.
Address B. 8., box 149, Call Office.
i,ARBER FOX SATURDAY AFTERNOON
D and Sunday; $3 and board. Twenty-ninth and
Church sts.
ARBKR FOP. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
604 Bryant St., cor. Third.
p OOD BAKBER I I (B SATURDAY AND SUN-
VT day. 3086 Twenty-fourth st., near Folsom.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunaay. 822 Third st.
ARBEdI FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY:
good wages. 226 First st.
ItARB&B FOR SATURDAY: $3. APPLY AT
X) 525Vs Fourth st.
Iv ARBER, WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 102
X) Seventh st., near Mission.
ABBKB FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
1500 Howard st., near Eleventh.
\V ANTED— S QUICK BARBERS; STEADY
• » work; 60c on the dollar. 207 Fourth st.
FIKST-CLASS BARBERS FOR SATURDAY
— and Sunday; good wages. 1317 Stockton st,
W ANTED— A STEADY YOUNG BARBER.
>T 133y_ Ninth st.
pOOD BOOTBLACK. BARBER-SHOP, CALI-
VJT fornia and Devlsadero sts.
AN. TO WASH WINDOWS TO-DAY AT 989
Howard st.
ANTED— GOOD BOYS TO LEARN PLUMB-
ing. Apply bet. 12 and 1 to-day 12 Mason st.
AN FOR DETECTIVE WORK; "REFER-
ences required: small pay. 8., box 92, Call.
Vy "ANTED— A WAITER. 1805 HAIGUT ST.
A'OUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS NCR-
X scry work; $16 a month. call 512 Haight st.
OLICITORS FOR THE CELEBRATED MON~-
-0 arch $4 made-to-order pants: warranted. Room
I, 1028 Market st.
"LMRST-CLASS SIDE LINE FOR TRAVELING
4- men; also city drummers. 23 Davis, room 29.
IDE-AWAKE MAN TO TRAVEL ON COM-
mission; call In afternoon. 36 Page st.
ANTED— TO SELL A WELL-ESTABLISH-
ed business: pay« $76 per month: small cap-
ital required. 873 V. Market st.
1 f\(\ "CLEAN BEDS AT 5, 10 AND 15 CENTS.
XUU Old French Hospital, Bryant St., nr. Sixth.
PRACTICAL CUTTER AND TAILOR: NONE
X but experienced and good men need apply;
permanent position to right man. W.N. SW ASE V,
142 Eddy st.; apply after 12, noon.
rp AILOIf S-COAT OPERATORS, COAT PRESS-
Xers and undsr-pressers- good salary; steady
work; under a new foreman. Columbian Woolen
Mills, 541 Market st. / . '"
r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not leas than 6 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wuiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Jlarket.opp.Wlll & Finck's, S. F.
\\l ANTED— BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
"' at once; will buy them | Columbia, 128 4th st.
'TO ME. .CHANT tailors— best VESTS
X made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, f. 14.
~tTTI7 ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
»T your old shoes and make them as good as Dew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
nt one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
Vl JSNTO FEED MANHATTAN Si'OCK FOOD;
■I*l all grocers keep Iv
WANTED— AN IDEA: who CAN think OF
»» some simple thin; to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
Wl-.DDERBURN & <""0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
nnd list of 200 Inventions wanted.
■VTEW A L DO HOUBET~76S MISSION, BET.
i> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
sioc;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room : strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: dean; quiet; open all nlirht.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoe*, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. , ■-
LCHU HOUSE, b63V_ .\iARKET ST.—
llooms 20c. 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $■" week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
lY.cifie st., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 15c per night: clean beds, sonny rooms.
\V ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sl.; 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
"YV INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HELP RANTED- Continued. * '
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I >AU.B_.K»" ASSOCIATION Or' I Al.i'.lll'ujr
J> menu iiec'y, P. c. Hamanu, 239% O'Farreil.
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
re;arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
BARBERS - BEST- PAYING . 3-CHAIR We
shop, laundry office and cigar-sta d for sale.
Apply or address A*A BERDROW, San Jose.
I) ARBEK-SHOP TO LET; $5 A MONTH.
XJ Broadway and Front st.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50>
/ half-soleln-^ 25c np. 959 Howard St.. nr. Sixth.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
. A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
\\r ANTED- MEN TO ' LkARN BARBER
»' trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
) acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25. SI 50 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and Lel.esdorff sts.
SHOESHOP FOR SALE. APPLY 2903 PINE I
0 street.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _tOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: ROc TO $1 50
XX, per week. Oriental, 225 Drummsu •
\\f ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»T ers<fcclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
Ur HAT CHEER HOUSE. 62a SACRAMENTO
»» st.: 200 rooms; beat In the city, single rooms
20 and 26c a night. Ha wpek: meaU 10c.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J > sts.; single furnished ran 76c week, 15c night.
lii/kMEN io TAKE LODGING A.T lOC, 15c
XKIKt and 20c a night, Including coffee »nd roll*
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
v-eek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay at. __
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
I-IREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
J also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
TMHY ACME HlioSK. »o7 .m A IiKET ST., BE-
I Iciv.- S'r'h for a room- V~'-° - n<-hl ■ $1 a -v»ck. ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
T>A^T^E^ntU>T^_^BU&TNi£s^T^s^^
X quired. OWNER. 1176 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
AGENTS WANTED.
MAKE $3 if) $10 A DAY SELLING LEATH-
er suspenders: others do: exclusive territory ;
sample 50c. 1332 Sacrameiito st. ■
HOUSES WANTED.
YV A N TE D-COTT^SE^^F^^irT^ROOMj;
' not over $10 rent. Address B. A., box 8, Call.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
o r TaH^^TR^ETTpATD~I^DI^S?rGEN'fi'' j
XX children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
flry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth m : s«-n<l postal-
MEDICAL. ~
A NEW PROCESS— NO_LEDICINE, INSTRID^
-M- ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her j
own physician for all female tioubles, no matter ;
from what cause: restores always in one tiny; I
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed: '
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a .
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny s:.
A BLESSING ■TO LADIES— INSTANT RE- j
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians •
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by !
an improved method, .superior to others: ladies .
"ill save time and money: be assured of honest I
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon :
are specially Invited; home In confinement; ad-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister
St.. next Hibernla Bank.
ALL CASES Ob' IRREGULARITIES RE- |
_ri. stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate '
physician; 30 years'- successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time ;
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WY'ETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin. j
DR. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS; '
prompt relief successful treatment. 7 Grant
avenue.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
J 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500 I
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes in-med.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
J paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, Insanity, female ;
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11.
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEA-ES OF WOMEN A !
special. unexcelled in restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
R. JOi*SELYN,~THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., near Sixth. |
T>hCARD'S DISEASES OF WOMEN A
-I specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms Sand 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE- I
fore and during confinement: infants adopted i
into good homes; treats all female complaints or :
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ' _ j
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dls- I
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264% Fourth st, i
XT ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT; i
AX all female diseases treated: expert physicians; ;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.~
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS. |
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alnmeda.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES, !
from whatever cause; a home iv confinement ;
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYEIt. 226 Turk SU
I \li. HALL. 14 McALLISi tit STREET, NEAR
JL/^JonPS. Diseases of women iind^-hildren.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO |
iV ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger: !
safe and sure; $2 50 press C. O. I).: don't delay
nntil too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
LOST. "~
t"ost^gold" watch and "fTJbTwtth'ma^
Xj sonic emblem: reward of $25 If returned to |
811 Bran nan sU; no questions asked. FRANK T. |
MILLER.
T OST— FRIDAY, BRIDGE MEDAL; IN-
Xj scriptlon Wm. J. Boradou. Reward at 32
California St.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
J Savings anil Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of BRIDGET E. SULLIVAN, No.
201513. The finder will please return to bank.
T ONO-H AIRED B_ACK AND TAN (FE-
-- male); name "Toddy." Return 335 Jessie
st. ; reward.
LACK AND WHITE NEW FO UN DL AND '
bitch, name '•Nellie." 713 Polk st.: reward.
FOX SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
fiORGEOUS MARA JOE INDIAN BIXnKET,
VJT of unusual design and beauty, with romantic
history. Address Blanket, box 2, Call Office. Oak-
land.
QT. BERNARD PUPS. ROUGH COAT, THOR-
-0 oughbred; sired by largest St. Bernard in the
State. hi 2 Elizabeth st., west of Castro.
m>l if HANDSOME WHITE SEWING - MA-
tlpJ-v). chine, nearly new; 6 drawers; attach-
ments complete: cause, going East. 803 Union .st.
rpHOROUGIiBRED CHESAPEAKE BITCH;
1 first prize Mechanics' Pavilion, 1896. 643
Aatoma.st.
O LET— STORE AND 14 ROOMS ON EAST j
st. Inquire 829 Hampshire St., nr. Twenty-first.
T/"OR SALE CHEAP— B&-HORSKPOWER EN-
X I gine, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth st, and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
RILL; BARNES' 2O-INCH SWING SQUARE
base, cheap; or trade. 516 Mission st. '
I^IOYCLE BARGAINS— '96 MODELS; STRICT-
JMy high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fall to call mid inspect before buy-
Ing. F. R. GRANNIS & CO., 609 Market st.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. ll'Jl Market, 7th & Bth. '
IX-HORSEPi )\VK'R~Ua"S OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. ■• ■■■:■- ■■■-•.
AROAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES:
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS, ENG lIS MACHINERY.
XJ Waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale.
• UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
I J doors, mantels, etc.. tor sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZES
lire and bnrs!.-.r proof safe. 109. 11l Market ss.
I/URE AND BURGLAR sAFk. LETTER*
X 1 press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 10 - Clay.
.IWKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN second-
Xl hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California St.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
'^A~D^IICE"FRIiE"— IHVORCE UAWS~A^SPECIT
- »- alty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'yat-law. 850 Market
LE. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ. R. E. titles ' and wills: money to losn on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
m J. MURRAY, ATI" V AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
AIT W. DSON,ATTORNE Y-A 420
'» • California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advioe free. |
PHYSICIANS.
p emo'ved— dr. c." cTo'donnelL" to^TSos
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. .
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL
TYPEWRITERS. , : 5 •.;;':'?"■■:
VrOST\~s3b; caligraphT^S: send for
X sample work. SCOTT & BaNNaN. 333 Monty
J SEWING MACHINES.;
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGER
JA. rented, repaired; lowest raw*, "-0S Fourth afc
BUSINESS CHANCES. ■ < _
(Jt/l^n BARGAIN: CORNER GROCERY
*S)^O\J. and bar; Western Addition: big bar
trade: 4 living-rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market s-
-7X A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
«Ip • OK' and notion business;- clearing over $100
month; building Included; ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT Jit SKIFF, 921 Market.
pAYJNG CYCLEKY;, CHANCE for ONE
X handy with tools; no agents. Address Cycle,
box 50. this office. - - -
<n*<Uin I COi'.NER BAH, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
'J\J \J . ly furnished rooms, all rented: best lo-
cation: lease: rent $65; sacrifice on account of
sickness. ILK ft A WoLl-. 631 California st.
tUf/innfl corner sample- room IN
tir"3V/U\J. choicest location; low rent: large
patronage; average daily sales $50: no triflers
need apply. WILKE & WOL.F, 531 California.
<BiQ^7l SAMPLE .ROOM, ESTABLISHED
t^UOKJ. years, with first-class patronage: choic-
est location : owner keeping two places: make an
otter. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
Ijjl (TfTn CORNER SALOON ~IN VERY
XUvJU. best location, with large patronage;
must be sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California. ■
<3jO(»n RLSIAURANT, DOING LARGE
ip.OW. bus ness, good prices; 1/2 Interest or
whole. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
'VrOTICE— HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
-Li invest in some legitimate business parties de-
siring to sell apply to HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny.
.'Afl PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING
— >Ul/. and new and second-hand furniture-
store; fine chance for steady man to be connected
with first-class man. iiEALY, 23 Kearny st.
<J_ 9nfi RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-
(D— v/v/. house; clearing $75 per month; trial
given: sickness cause or selling. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
lsl~QOi\ LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON ;
isO-dO. central; doing $20 daily: rent moder-
ate; no night or Sunday work; value In sight; good
reasons for selling. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
<HMflfl ROAD HOUSE NEAR CITY; 14
<!D"vU. rooms: dining-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly; plenty of ground: pigs; ducks,
chickens; etc. JOHNSTON, 28% Kearny st.
<D»1 r:r\ FINE CORNER SALOON; FIRBT-
<V-1- • "• class fixtures: best location: right in
the manufacturing district; cheap rent: 4 living-
rooms; a bargain. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
OjCrrj FINE GROCERY AND BAR; SITU-
iS)fJO\J. ated on fine corner in Western Addi-
tion; carries nice stock; good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st.
(JOrjA STORK, CARRYING KITCHEN
«IPOV'V/. furnishings, agateware, etc.. also no-
tions, stationery and confectlonerv: full value in
stock; location and trade good. KENNY <fe CO.,
765 Market st.
$'j\(\ restaurant;Hexcellent~~lo
''•'"'. cation: part cash, balance monthly
payments; trial given; cood ranee for man and
wife. KENNY <& CO.. 766 Market st.
fflA (inn ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE
«IDXU.''v/U. bay, near railroad depot; hand-
somely furnished morns, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort: well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the propety; satisfy yourself.
STENBKRG & CO., 632 Market St. • ■'■--
CO O.(\C\ RESTAURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
(JpIUUU. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances: old-established trade; chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG <fc CO.. 632 Market.
ffl»99X RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
*_)-\d—O. loon near City Hall: neat. attractive
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
<Bj_|CA RESTAURANT, NEWLY FITTED,
«C)j:«JV/. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st.
(jfcftXA CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST-
«|pU«JU. em Addition; well established: rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STE NBERO Co.. 632 Market St.
*JfeJ "a 1 , FIRST^CIXsS MILLINERY STORE;
f\p~iO' ! . north of Mar<et: vicinity of Baldwin:
large and very fine patronage; A 1 stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. M. LESS & CO.,
783% Market st.
dj»9nA SALOON; TERMINUS 8 BIG CABLE
--V/V. lines: value in sight: fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS <t CO.,
783% Market st. .- ■ v -■: '
(DjiyC PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
rJpX *O. north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS A CO., 783% Market st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
X of any kind, or lodging-house, see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandise. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(1/ 1 1 A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
tIpoUVJ. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent: furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl»i F;nn BEER BOTTLING works.- 3
«IP JLUUv/. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate
this rare chance: the place will stand the fullest
Investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TTAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUS?
XX ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ffij 1 l\f\f\ PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS:
tIDXUUV/. no Sunday or evening work: the
place is already established and doing well: fullest
investigation ; reference; experience not required.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■
p ROCERx -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paving business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny su
I)ARE CHANCE-CORNER GROCERY AND
t bar; 3 living-room^ and kitchen: yard; rent
$15: call at once; worth double the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
\\T TO TRADE HORSE AND BUGGY,
' ' town lots and bakery out lit for restaurant or
lodging-house. . Columbia. 128 Fourth st.
<!tQ^(\ FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE; FINE
«3rOOU. bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
<2»9AA SALOON; MUST BE SOLD TO-DAY;
ijpOUU. located best part of Market st. Busi-
ness Exchange, 777 Market s - .. - .
G_ 4 -f\ SALOON: 9 Fi RNISHED ROOMS;
»ID^t)U. worth $1200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OK EX-
change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mao-
GILLIVRAY <fc CO., 1028 Market at., 8. F. ; we
will gaurantee to sell in 30 days.
dj»l FLA A FOR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED
«ID 1 OKfVJ. saloon. lar.re trade, good chance for a
German: owner wishes to retire on account of
other business; rent $90. Apply . HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Keiirny. :
OR SALE- WITHIN 3 DAYS, A FINE
saloon near car house: make an offer. Apply
at 233 Third st. ■
GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR A NEWS-
paper man to purchase half or whole of a
thriving daily near San Francisco: present owner
miss, go East; investigate this; fine circulation,
good advertising patronage and complete plant.
Address A. W., 405 Sansome st., city.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— A GOOD LIVE
merchandise business suitable for man or
woman: well located in Oakland; stock and fix-
tures, $2500; will take good real estate: this is
a good opening. J. H. JiDsON, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.- -.- ■
BAKERS, ATTENTION! — RARE CHANCE
to open and build up a good business in large
neighborhood, with all utensils complete; rent
reasonable. Inquire at 1602, Webster, Alameda.
OR SALE— FINE BRANCH BAKERY;
fine trade; account of sickness. Apply Call.
p OOD CASH MEAT MARKET: GOOD REA-
VT son for spiling. Apply Five-mile House,
FRED MIUNCKK, saloon.
dh-l H~ BAKERY AND COFFEE SALOON,
<jpX I O. with oven and stock: must sell; bar-
gain for right Dar.y : call at o,.ce; no agents. 306
Fourth st.
<J_9^n n FI RST-CLASS SALOON: LEASE;
tjP_j«JV/\/. good trade; owner retiring: chance
of a lifetime. Address JONES, box 66, Call.
AN WISHES A FINE GROCERY AND
bar: state price. Address G. 8.. box 7. Call.
ALOON FOR SALE. 29 TURK ST., IN BAY
City Market.
AKERY AND RESTAURANT FOR SALE
at 49 Second st.
\\T ANTED— BY A LADY, PARTNER IN COF-
"» fee, icecream and candy parlors; lady pre-
ferred ;$. 0 cash. 15.7 Stockton st.
<I_l HA EQUITY IN 2 FINE LOTS IN THE
«JpAv)"l. Fair Oaks Addition of Stockton at a
sacrifice, or will trade for small business. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fflJO^A PARTNER WANTED THIS DAY;
<$)OO\J. take half-interest in well-established
business: tend to outside delivery and collection-
money secured. STENBEKO CO., 632 Market st.
E-TAUKANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission.
»v AN ED-PA UTJMEK WITH FROM $4000
** to $5000 to engage In general merchandizing
in mining town. Address Partner, box 15, Call.
f~ HXR SALE — FIRST-CLASS DRUGSTORE;
fully stocked: In a flourishing town; in a rich
agricultural section: $3000; good terms and good
reasons tor selling; apply at once. 941 Howard.
DARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
X by lady of means. Room 2, 12 Maaon st.
I~jvfxTURES FOR SALE CHEAP: FIRST-
J class branch bakery. 155 Grove st.
\\r anted-tcTbuy centrally' LOCATE
»» .restaurant;, give street and number: If by
agent, give street and number of office and res-
rant- C. J., box 148, Call Office.
OR SALE — THE OLD - ESTABLISH
-1' drugstore, cor. Smter and Powell sis., known
as Shaw's Pharmacy. Apply to GEO. A. BALL,
assignee. 530 California St., room 67.
«B» 1X A A WELL - ESTA BLISHED BUSI-
XO\J. ness, paying a net cash income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
factlon. no agents. Address C. X., box 84, Call.
ffiO £A EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
t)pXO\J. stand: clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store. 205 Larkin.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
. and bar; owner going in other business: living-
rooms; low rent; lease; $1250; principals only.
Call Office.
BUSINESS CHAJ?CES-Contliineaj_^
$250. |o i od o locatlon*s S to^k and fixtures worth
double. HICKOK & CO., 873y Market st.
O!A^t\ SACRIFICE: COFFEE AND CHOP
&4DU. house: clearing $100 a month; present
owner. 4 years, has other business. H.ICKO&. ot
CO.. 873VJ} Market st. .
FIKST-CLASS CIGAR-STAND OS
»pO"U. principal thoroughfare: large stock,
good trade: owner has other business: investigate
at once: rare bargain. HIOKOK & CO., 873V S
Market st. .
/GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. 553
VJ Minna st., bet. -lxth and Seventh.
RANCH BAKEKY', CON FECTICNERY,
1 notion; laundry oflice. 317 V 3 O'Farreil st.
m» -AM DAIKY PHODTJ( AND GROCERY,
<3>OU". laundry oflice and taniale parlor, on
busy street, near Market ; must be sold at once; a
qargain. 1610 Howard st. ;
ti.iriin BUTCHER BUSINESS; FINEST
«3>^O''U. fitted market In th s city, no excep-
tion: good cash and outside trade; horses.wagons;
Investigation invited. s.><> Hayes st.
(2iQZ.t\ SALOON IN GOOD LIVE TOWN IN
<J)OOv7. Contra Cos a County: line trade; rent
for dwelling and saloon very cheap. Particulars
at saloon, 29 O' Farrell st. -
Oi^^fk COMPLETE STOCK OF poultry
O\J. ranc , near local train, Oakland: 400
thoroughbred fowls: low rent. 34 Douolioe b'ld'g.
Ti"U)R SALE— PORK AND DELiCACY STcRE
J with fixtures, $75. 1430 Howard.
If OR SALE— AT 729 MONTGOMERY AYE.:
good, nice delacacles-3tore: doing good business;
reason for selling, wife has become an invalid.
lI*OR SALE— BUSINESS WITH STOCK
x and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or '£
ladles; rooms back of store. 610 Post st.
©99?. BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY-
—_._». store: must sell on account of death.
Inquire this office. _^____
p ROCER WANTED, TO START CASH GRO-
vX eery; cheap rent; neighborhood without one.
Apply 2201 Adeline st., Oakland.
/CALIFORNIA GOLD MINES A SPECIALTY;
\J can furnish any kind of gold property. AS,
F. BLACKBURN, 824, 826 Kearny city.
pOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TWO
VJ carhouses; living-rooms; rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st.
rpWO-STORY BUILDING AND SALOON FOR
X sale. 3352 Mission st., NW. cor. Thirtieth.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME— I WANT A NO.
\J 1 single man, with a good recor3, able to do
hard work In the country; must engage for one
year and have $300; salary $50 a month and
board; profits on Investment will amount to $1000
a year • xtra: particulars at personal Interview.
Address W., box 121, Call office. ,;"■;>—->
OR SALE— WELL-KNOWN DYEING AND
J? cleaning establishment; good reasons for sell-
ing. Por particulars apply at Call Branch Office,
619 Valencia it.
AZ A A R— ESPECIALLY SUITED FOR MAW
and wife. Apply evenings, 1708 Devlsadero.
ALP INTEREST IN RESTAURANT; AC-
count of sickness. 642 Sacramento st.
ALOON SALE-$450: WELL STOCKED;
O good location: good reason for selling; no
agents. Address Z., box 148, this office.
9/ in CIGAR-STORE with LIVING-
— "U. rooms; on account of sickness. 1127
Mission st.
ALOON FIXTURES; FINE OUTFITS:
0 great bargain. Apply to L. GOUDSMIT, 818
Geary st., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. n.
$7C PARTNER WANTED BY LADY IN
<J! I «J. good pio; osition. 11 lay lor St., room 1
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2,
7~E BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
I O. store. Inquire 1024 Leaven worth St.
SALOON; LONG LEASE ;TSw RENT. APPLY
0 at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
yoR SALE— FINE GROCERY' AND BAR AT
r a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts.
(&'/\nn CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS fOR
♦]ptH'\/U. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. L CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 325
Montgomery st. ;«i .'■
p ROCER Y-STORE; 3 ROOMS; FIXTURES;
VJ some stock: to let. 2201 Fifteenth st.
L-iOR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,'
JO bicycle, 1 electric fan- for sale, trade or 88-
-curitv : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth St.
LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,
J? and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 11,
322 Pacific st., basement.
or sale— saloon doing GOOD HI Sl-
ness: cause for selling sickness. Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8, PetKluma.
( OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS: 2SI.\GLK
r wagons. Stand corner Sansome ana sutter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
©T^Kn »fB7w>I^OT^LrNEAB~U^XIoS"
<IP±_»ULf. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
"1 -ROOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BARGAIN;
X_: must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, BALDWIN;
XU must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
9/l-ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $650: WORTH
-V± $2500: must be sold. DEcKEH, 1020 Market.
Of* ROOMS; COUNTRY HOTEL; ON $1200,
00 worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 A ROOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
i.U nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
<5»-| 7' LODGING OF 16 ROOMS, WITH
<U)X I O. housekeepingapartments: welllocated,
and with good business, HICKOK & CO., 873V_
Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-bouse see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
pOOD-PAYING, CLEAN AND SUNNY COR-
vjf ncr house of 11 rooms: must sell on account of
other business. Inquire 411 Third st.
-I Q ROOMS', BEST-PA TING HOUSE, CHEAP;
tO easy terms. 115 Second st. :-;»';
"I 1 f\. ) HOWARD — 7-ROOM LODGING-
IIv- house: must sell. H., box 15. Call Office.
9Q WELI^FURNYSHED~Rb6MS FOR $6007
— O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
FUKNITUKE FOX SALE.
sTeciXl^a^!e^o^beT>loll?n^esl
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 60) $4 00
Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum 33
Brussels Carpet 45
4 -room outfit, solid oaK 75 00
SHIREK * SHIREK, 747 Market st.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IRE SALE .' " ~"
Prices stand till goods are completely dlv
posed of.
Oak bed 5eta...,...,,,... >........,.. $1* 51
Bsd lounges 8 03
Stoves 7 53
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard ..,,,... 55
Matting, peryard la
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busines*
at SE. corner bevemii and Mission ats. J.
NOON AN. ■
At\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
ttUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed.!,
$10: bed-oungea. $7. T. IV MCCARTHY 112 4th.
FURNITIIBE WANTED.
2~iThAND FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY;
_J good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
m alone PAYS 20 per len 1' mobs
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FlRNl-
ture and merchandise see it 11 D, 211 Larkin.
TTklaJre SELLING your furnituru
X) send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUT'IEK, WANTS FURNI-'
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest prioe.
Mayer BUYS your furniture,
. turners, piano. US". Ml>r|c»t: t>l. Jessie 76L
carpet cleaning.
RKAT CABPET-BEATIN'O
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, ll"8th: phone Jessie 253.
ONES Co! CAi^Pi-. 1' - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 85 and 27 Bth.
/CARPETS CLEANED, So A YARD: LAID 3c.~
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
O'NKIjIN'S CARPET FKATING WORKS. ssl
Golden Gate ave.t telephone east 126.
rtITY STKAMCARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Vj tine. 38 Bth. STEVENS, miff. Tel, fcouth 250.
/■(ARPJfiIS CLEANED AND RENOVATEIT
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth: ta_
South 36. 1). MACKINTOSH & CO., successor!.
X MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. Mil
. 14th sc; cleaning 3c a yard. . Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RKN-
. ovatine works. 453 Stevenson: tol. south 2-JS.
BICYCLES.
K^YT^Li^^oTr^rTSsr^o?^
$50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
SALE— '96 BAMBLKRJ WARWICK :~f iII
1 penal aud Clipper bicycles at great bargains.
303 Larkin st. . . :•■ .
"iTicyci.es- $20, $30, $40, $50: RAMBLER.
X) Victor, Steams, Cleveland, Sterling. 1610
Market st.
DARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO _ET;"
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, ' Mo* '
Alliater mm Powell st. car lines.
.;.. STORAGE.
fP~^Tl{m>N^YT^i2^lS^lO^^OßA^
J. .redt ced rales: basement BCOra|re,9l 50 per load
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
I FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; A^
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post.
LOWEST RATES-FURNITURE. PIANOS."
household goods, etc. J. M. Tierce, 735 Market.
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS^
. low rates; lire-proof building; Eastern plan.houses To let;
HSB OF^H^JW^LABCfB TASD
stable. 23 Pearl St.. off Market.
1?', N r RKDUCKD ; ELEGANT SUNNY
XV house: 8 rooms and basement. Hl6 McAllister.
ELEUANT NEW SUNNY 6 ROOMS: OPEN
plumbing; nice neighborhood. 612 Guerrero.
mO LET— 3-ROO_l -HOUSE; RENT $12. 1105
A Leavenw-orth; key in grocery. California and
Leavenworth sts.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
I and rear yards; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
_?n c P T?F k , : .T! lewly Painted, clean and attractive;
$ 30. DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Park aye.
©QPi 7«Y CHESTNUT, NEAR JONES; 9
•1" v-i I '°" 1 " <: - l bath: Hne marine view. ASH-
TOS A GAItDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
V ll h6:_e-8 rooms AND bath: near
J-^ station: unfurnished. E. D. JOHNSON, Bel-
mont, San Mateo Cou nty.
HOUSE-A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st
A Hi HYDK — HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
~_j.U Uath. Inquire at 418.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina st.
QQf) MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
-li"» ment: lar c yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
FUKNISBLEp HOUSES.
HAIGHTST.— 3 ROOMS: FURNISHED:
--> $12: nochUdren. Inquire E.H.TERRY, 96I
Mission st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
<Ej7 fXA COTTAGE aT~ROOMS; GOOD
*. • .tjv/ order: water free. Apply on premises,
915 Bryant at., near Kigtuh, or 14 Montgomery st,
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.
COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
J ments. 9 Florence st., off Vallejo, bet. Taylor
and Jones.
"VTEARLY NEW COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH ;
Xi pantry; laundry; large stable. 828 Hampshire.
COTTAGK OF 8 . O MS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 3824 Mission st.
•\-l-OOM COTTAGE; RENT $20. 519 MINNA
0 street.
ti; 9 - ) TO LET— FURNISHED SUNNY' FIV E-
♦- — — • room cottage, bath: al«o modern 6-room
flat. $17. 3748 Army St.. near Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
S^U^N^COR^E^^L—T^SlSriuJO^rsT^in^
nished; piano; $30. Call afternoons 800 a
Webster.
V I N ELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
-T bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
city Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. J. box 36. Call Office.
FLATS TO LET.
IXcIbrFiLTT7Tb^9^UER^R^RO^TTNEAR
Twenty-third: four rooms, bath, laundry: also
3321 Twenty-first St., near Valencia: 3 nice
rooms, bath, basement. Apply BALDWIN &
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st-
V I \V FLAT— B SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH:
—l rent $18. 2658 Market st., near Castro.
UNNY FIATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
H garden: 813 and $16. 1706 Post st.
C" 'HEAP RENT— 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 613
) Thirteenth st, bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
TEHAMA ST.— MODERN FLAT OF 6
ijZid rooms: water free} rant reduced.
9. (' TENTH — SUNNY UPPKR FLAT 5
-- —v) rooms: bath; modern improvements.
A BOOMS ON FIRST FLOOR; CLEAN AND
" attractive: front and rear yards; unfinished
basement; on charming private street fronting
park; to quiet family; $16. Dr.MPsTER, 36 Glen
Pars aye., oft' Twelfth st.
"Vice" SUNNY FLAT; 5 rooms AND BATH:
-Li rent $17; 25a Lloyd St.. be:. Scott and Devis-
adero, Thirteenth and Waller.
LATS OF FOUR ROOMS AND BATH: $12
and $13; 2408 Sacramento St., 1/2 block from
Cooper's College.
£• 1 9 CONVENIENT, SUNNY. 5- ROOM.
C-" flat; cor. Nineteenth ana Hartford sts.,
near Castro.
TTPPER AND LOWER FLATS 3 ROOMS
U each: yard; basement, $10 and $11. 123 San
Jose, near Twenty-third.
1 ' I'i'hK FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
Kj 18 Guy place.
TpvfVE ROOMS AND BAIH. 134 PAGE ST.
lift 1 FULTON— LOW EH FLAT: 5
1 XU3 rooms and hath; near City Hall.
i^LAT; 6 ROOMS AND B.V'J H; COR. BROAD-
way and Jon st.; rent $18.
1 994 WEBSTER ST.— NICK LOWER FLAT
iO— of 6 rooms and bath: $15.
KW SUNNY MODERN 4-ROOM FLAT. 4
JA Tremont aye., near Waller, Go.den Gate Purl;.
(J;]9 < L AN SUN N Y~~c6tTAOE. 613
I— .. Minna st, between : seventh and Right b.
T^Ti 1 "■• NJ-.AK .-U t'TKK- Lt*\Vl-.K
-1 Cv i flat: 5 modern larce stingy rooms; bath.
"LUAT-A NICK FLAT™ AN D OTHERS .TO
X rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
1 OW FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
XJ 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Xj low iirvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
»J ail latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
"I HI A MIN~A. NEAR ELEVENTH; 4 SUN'-
JL'.'Jl'x ny rooms: yard; water tree; rent $13 50.
LAT : 4 ROOMS; MODES fI¥ASH AYE.
-C off McAllister, above Polk. •
A(Y7Q TWENTY -THIRD; 100 >EET FROM
ri\J i O Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
* VVE-.K-H NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-■ V. WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
IiOCSEK.EEI»I>ti ROOMS.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE.— 4 ELEGANTLY FUR-
-4* I XO nished sunny rooms; $12.
California Street.
OrOl CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY' FUR-
— OfJX nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
Elgin Park.
47 ELGIN PARK— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS;
jc • bath and gas; for housekeeping.
_ins *t:ee .
/*QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN" — FURNISHED
DO'/ bay-window alcove; pas-stove; bath.
1 iJtli Street.
OAf) FIFTH— NEW MODERN HOUSE; TWO
»,'U-' rooms complete for housekeeping; other
rooms.
') I « FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM:
0 I ~i kitchen; sink; water; bath; private; $10
and $11.
I- ourth treet. ,
One FOURTH— HOUSEKEEPING AND SlN-
_w-><J gle rooms: $5 to $8.
AOl\ RTH— LOVELY CORNER SUITE;
tcO«J 2 large housekeeping; ens stove; also sin-
gle. furnished or unfurnished: $6 up. ■
Ouldeu uaie Avenue.
OnO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
OUO room for housekeeping, $10; small sunny
single, $5.
Grant Avenue.
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
keeping; Kearny st., near Sutter; gas or water
free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
uowuni street.
QOXI HOWARD— FURNISHED HOUSE-
VOO'Z keeping rooms; also Kindle.
"I 1 O/J HOWARD— 3 NKWLY FURNISHED
J. LOU housekeeping rooms: 2 beds: only adults.
11A i) HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY FUH-
I"I- nished housekeeping rooms; bath; range;
rent $12 50.
Jessie Street.
A /I/! JESSIE — THREE ROOMS; IN THE
__U rear; reasonable. '
LeaveDwnri Street.
IHI Q LEAVENWORTH-3 SUNNY CON-
-IUJ.O necting unfurnished rooms; gas; bath;
rent $16. -
Si it** t>" • • veet.
OiC»Q MISSION— TWO SUNNY FURNTBHED
000 rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TTiOK CLEAN. CHEAP ROOMS GO TO 1055
JC Mission st; housekeeping and others. '
191 Q M lON — FURNISH ED HOUSE-
X_<J O keeping rooms: gas: bath; no children.
."■ Naf.otiiHi Street.
QQO MIPS ON-FRONT SUNNY ROOMS: 87
GOO up; housekeeping If desired; also single, 5.
null Street. ■
l)f\ NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT SUITES;
_-'-' housekeeping; 2 to 4 rms.;gaa; stove; single.
Norfolk Street.
•r 9 NORFOLK. BET. ELEVENTH AND
«J«i/ Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— cot-
tage of 2 rooms; furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and large yard; $10. Apply upstairs.
octavia Street.
1 ztfiQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— FRESHLY
X _VO furnished: bay windows and others; $7 up.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVTA-2
O or 3 sunny corner rooms, neatly furnished for
housekeeping; waer and sink.
SUNNY ROOMS AT 25 PKARL ST..* OFF
Market. _^
Powell Street.
Q-i (\ POWELL — 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
OXU rooms; complete for housekeeping; $17.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Second Street.
CO SECOND-2 PLAIN ROOMS FOR LIGHT
O£ housekeeping; $1 50 up; other rooms, cheap.
Seventh Street.
1 Of? seventh-sunn" y furnished
x*j\j housekeeping rooms, single or en suite; $7
a month up.
Mxth Street.
m CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
South Park.
"I n SOUTH PARK— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
X \J nished housekeeping suites; fine location; $7
to $12 per month: aisy single, $1 per week up.
Stevenson Street.
ICIO STEVENSON, NEAR 18TH— SUNNY
X\JXA furnished back parlor; use of kitchen; $8.
'lurk Mieei,
1"] T U RK— EGA NTLY FURNISHED
X LU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 "1 Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR .MISSION—
XXOa Nicely furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; yard; low rent.
Washington Street.
rnn WASHINGTON — SUNNY TTNFUR-
•JI./.-. nlehed housekeeping rooms; running water.
Webster Street.
m WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE ROOMS
111 furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
Lush Mreu..
Ql "I BUSH, NEAR TAYLOR — PARLOR
VXX suite and single rooms; bath; gas.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
J- X\J I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
day Street.
£1 A EDDY, NR. LABKIN-SUNNY FRONT
OX*! room; gas, bath, closets; newiy furnished;
$«: • ;
/•»_>') EDD V— SUNNY PARLORS AND HOUSE-
OO-J keeping rooms; reasonable; nice location.
--•Klith street.
1 (\X EIGHTH— FURNISHED BOW-
X\J2 window front room.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
at., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i-iiis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <& cold water.
ROSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
JLY at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
.)_— CALHOLN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
FeU Street.
Ji/lIFELL ST. - SUNNY FURNISHED
*i 1.1% room ; suitable for 2,with kitchen ;rent, $8.
Fifth Street.
1 HQ FI FT H — NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
X.XJO nished rooms; Ell conveniences: cheap.
Fulton Street.
"I jr Q/» FULTON, NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
1 Ot/\J furnished sunny front rooms, singlo or en
; suite. :
deary streov.
791 GEARY— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
I — L nished rooms; terms reasonable.
Q(\ 1 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED, BAY-
OU I window looms, private, central, new corner
flat.
"THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor..Van Ness aye.
Grove Street.
1 n GROVE — SUNN V FURNISHED ROOM;
ID rent $8. ; .
huwaril Street.
£9Q HOWARD— DOUBLE AND SINGLE
D-.O rooms nicely furnished: gas ; bath reason- j
Ale.- ■ ■ . ■"
"I Ol r HOWARD-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
lOli) and bath tor light housekeeping; reason-
able: no children.
». ones street.
U- JONES— NICELY FURNISHED RUNNY I
1 suite; also gunny alcove room: private.
O/ J 7 .'« >> —1H K. V A .V ISKIiB. KKW
— " ' • manacement: flecant, sunny suites and
single: newly mrnished: bain, etc.: $10 to SHI). '
». cuiTiy Mrea.. • • ■ .■"'"
_ BLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEAR— T— PLEAS-
J\- ant tunny rooms, en EUlte&nd single; nn; oiioj
.1 »very respect : terms reasonable.
Lark in Street.
Q1 7 LARKIN — HAS CHANGED HANDS;
•"1 I nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping; all fornishe:; $7 up.
' Levriß Street.
1 LEWIS 'ST., OFF TAYLOR, KB. POST— 3
1 O rooms, furnished or. unfurnished.
A.ufko -.»ee .
707 MARKET, OPPOSITE EXAMINER OF-
IOI flee — nice sunny rooms; single or en suite;
transient or by week or month: reasonable.
~OoJiMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKKT— PER
1 night, 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Market btrce,.
(' MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. HA-
»' son— Nice, famished, sunny rooms: $5 50 and
$7 50.
.».sion y iie«i.
COI MISSION— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
•>— I rooms: very reasonable.
7f«-J MISSION— FINE LIGHT FRONT ROOM,
I \JO with alcove: very quiet house. :
DO') MISSION — NIIKLY FURNISHED
O— front suite; first floor; suit doctor; single
rooms cheap. .
O'ftairrll Street.
r.90 OTARRELI--NICE FURNISHED
•-/— O fro it room for gentleman in private . fam-
ily; good house; reference required. 523 (.-'Fatrell.
9 OX O'FARRELL, NEAR MASON (THE
£O0 Afton)— New and nicely lurnlshed rooms.
Olive Avenue.
OAf'l OLIVE AYE.-2 FURNISHED ROOMS.
Folk Street.
1 I _tl POLK, COR. SUTTER— LARGE FRONT
X JLttJ sunny bay-window room.
tost Street.
<^9QI POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— '--O3 rooms for gentlemen only. The Donnia.
Rose Avenue.
41 ROSE AYE., OFF MARKET, NEAR
2 Haight— it nice sunny rooms: reasonable.
South ParK.
C A SOUTH PARK— VERY DESIRABLE NEW-
O\J ly furnished sunny rooms; bath, gas, etc;
reasonable: private family.
Stockton .-street. ,
A~\ rr STOCKTON — LARGE, FRONT, FUR-
Jri I nished room; $10; single, $5 or $6; also
housekeeping. •
(■utter "treet.
7HO SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN
I \J*J Remi)— Newly furnished sunny roomsi en
suite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
"I (\C) ESTABLISHED OFFICE FOR
X\JA doctor or dentist; froat suite; also single;
cheap.
C 99 TAYLOR. NEAR POST-NICELY FUR-
%J4Jiu nished sunny rooms; new throughout.
Wllllarn Street. ~
n7 WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
4 and Jones— furnished front room,
Independent, $8 per month; private family.
HOARDING ANI* ROOMS. ~
qn7p^AlT^Ei^''A^^ET^^sT~R6^Mi : r,
O''vf with board; pleasant home for youne men.
790 SUITER (IMPERIAL HOTEL)-SUNNY
I X.O suites; single rooms: excellent table board.
U'l'Mi BERTLINO. 714 I>USH— A FAMILY'
hotel: references given and required 1 ail mod*
rrn rori venlenf^^.
', CHILDREN LtOARUEX).
Wanted-children^^tTT^oXrd! Afr
» f dress box U, Call Ofllce, Alameda.
TNFANTOR CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD CARE;
JL reasonable. 625 a Natomn, st. ' • '■ ■ - ■ •
SUMMER KESOKTS. ~
E WLY FU ItNISU ED MODE RN COTTAG :
near V»-ndome Hotel; 6 rooms; rent $27;
water free. 543 8 .11 P-'dro at., san Jose.
STORES TO LET. ™
STORE— 8 KIUHTH ST.; 2 LIVING-ROOMS;
yard ; 80 feet from Market st.: reasonable.
T AROE corner store WITH base-
Xj mint: will fix to suit tenant. 1065 Howard.
WKXTY-FOURT AND FLORIDA— 2 EW--
Ily fixed stores; 1 a fine corner. Apply at stores.
Tj-iINE CORNER STORK; GOOD LOCATION
JT for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner
McAllister and Broderick ats.
rpo LKT— I22 GKAKY ST., A FINE BASE-
-1 ment: central.
A \(* FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
4 I D In rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to Q. H. UMBtsBN _ CO., HHoutg'y.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
OFFICE 3 TO LET.
TO t'LT^S^W^^TpTETT^LTIoTrs^uTLD^
X ioK 126 O'Farrel street, near Alcazar Theater:
rep,,sio. ASHTON & GARDINFR, 411 Mont-
gomery St. ..-.-■ ■-■
SPRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
kJ Eifgant sunny offices. $12 60 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or ». H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
HOTEITTTrLEA^SEfFORX t'e
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located. y% block N. of
Market st. and 1 blcck from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly lurnishfd throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther; particulars apply to S. SILVi-RBERG, 320
s,tnsome st., room 39. ■•■ - »■■
HOTEL TO LET.
O^L^T^^H^~w7^El^^O^JsiEr^r??l9
Bush St.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares witii
best 'id-class hotel in town. MADISQN&BUKKE
EDUCATIONAL.
ANJO AND PiXSTr^^INSTItUC^ToN^T
prices reasonable; : pupil of George Dobson,
New York; home _ 10 8 r, H. H. L. MILLER,
907 Howard st.
TfXPEKIENCKD TEACHER WISHES FEW
-Li more -adult pupils Of neglected c lucation: pu-
pils coached: strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary st -
1) Ou KKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xj ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
A TTEND STIEHT'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A st. The very best individual instruction;
20 (rial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Peu-
n-.anshlp, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
BOOKKPNO, WRITNG, ABITHMTC, GRA MR
day & ni-ht ; noclasses:s6 month. 845 M lon
ECHT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (lncld. typewriting), 826. 927 Market
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCA ti
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING) CLASS-
X es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GKKVE.V, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY, CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld,,r.^7.
V?"P_NISH, *' KENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
IJELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XI Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. Tin and Mitt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay, estab. 64. VAN DEP. NAILLEN, 72» % 1kt-
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, moden
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IWitTIsCIiUUJL^fIKALL.' »Jil is. I ■ • L>Ll-.t<K ;i I
„ „ CL AIR VOX ANTS.
A"*~ ~~"~A^ ~"" ~" A
60 cts and $I—so and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN 1)B VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
. Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
j matters that are of interest to humanity. ' Busi-
j ness, speculation, investments. insurance, love,
I courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
j quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
ior stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Dad
bubiu and destroy evil influences in half tha
time required by the best of the other mediums.
I Remember, there are but few mediums in tha
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco. ■
Remember also that me professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. M. Sundays- to 6 p. —
Letters containing stamps answered. , ■-'•',■■"
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERB,
_ ?? • ;. • 1728 Market st.
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE "~
- - that makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy ana successful.
PROFESSOK M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
Oium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
-1 illations; restores lost aft'ec ions, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, hrln.-s the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy j
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu- |
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium I
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Kddy St. I
Letters with s;nmu answered. Hours— 9 .to 9
dally and Sundays.
SPECIAL NOTICE— FOR A CLAIRVOYANT
d agnose or reading call on or address DR. J.
R. CR.UG, a' new 'office, 14 McAllister St., and
receive free sample of the famous vegetable tablet,
as they cure many unman maladies in a very short
tir-je; consultation on all subjects free.
MMB. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
fore your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
MME. TRUE, CELEBRATED gypsy, gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City: greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stuckton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. LEGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, ur. Fourth.
ME. MOREATJ, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st
MME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, c«rd- reader, born with a don Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant Bluings $1 60. 126 Turk at., nr. Jones.
MRS. WILSON— PAST, PRESENT, FU'IU R IT;
ladies 60c, gents #1; no sign. 1722 Market st.
ME. AKNDT, BK.si 'FORTUNE TKLUiK IV
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the plctureot
your tnture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs; busi-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
GYPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
VI gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
M&IE. VENA KKADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
ETH EL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
-Ist: mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLK T.-.LLS FROM CRADLE TO
tb* grave: fee _5 cents. 914 O'Farrel!. st
ETURNE.), WORLD-RKNOWNKD MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
"•'»""' and fiiiiin-: rrlrpn moderate." 856 Mission.
Si' Alii i. (v AL IS3I. ■
TK T CI CLE TO-NIGHT; Voa MME.
Young, 6C5 McAllister st. ; skeptics invited.
] ) EMOVAL-ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
X\> and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except as a gift.
MRS. KATE~HOSK IN S, TRANCE ANDBUSI-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 1 36 Oak st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny. now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: witting* $1. 218 Stockton as.
ASTROLOGY. .
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: daily or by mall, $2. 36% Geary st.
DENTISTS.
FFIcTrF^R^ATETTaVV^sTR^NTTirA^E
chance to catch on. Departure, box 81, Call. .
IBST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
1 prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING. CM., M.D., 500 Suiter St., corner Powell.
1 \R. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT .vr., NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. i RANK— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work «nd teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
CROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MA R-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings inn $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas sl.
<&7~A SET FOR TKETH: WARRANTED A.S
tip I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
K. LUDLUM HiLL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
VULL e_l' UJf'i'JvtiTii, $7: WARRANTED
X 1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st
ET OF TJSKTH WITHOUT A -"i-ATE. Dli. it
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. •
I \R. GEORGE ■• W. LEEK. THB GENCINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nnlnless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or tee
wltoout any plate, moved from 6 to *_0 o'larrell st
AINLESB ACTION, 60c; crown
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 np: 13 yean'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815 - Geary.
I jR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDU_>
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:80 to 9.
/ >01/ TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. bOt» ii.AU-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEKK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDKN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND W Ail-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 112J Market st ■.
, PROPOSALS.
"PR^PO^aXsT^Or"! CC^NC^RKTE^ BULiS
X head and bituminous yard work— .-ealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in Open session of the Board of
Education, new Ci.y Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 18 96, at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhoad and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer school In accordance with pluns and
specifications (and thecon ltlons mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles i. ' Havens, architect of 1
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bMs as the public good may re-
quire. OEOBGE UK ALSTON, Secretary. I
PERSONALS.
■nSrWBCTAir'WttE Y E SE It V_CES~AND
X medicine in exchange, for anything salable or
useful: country products accepted. M. D.. box 60,
Call Office.
BOXING TAUGHT IN 15 LESSONS. 1 808
Lea venw orth st. : , - ;
YOUNG GENTLEM AN- 24. WITH MEANS,
X wishes the . acquaintance of young lady not
over '20; object, matrimony. F. J., box 126, Call.
/DAMPING COTTAGE AND BIG TENT TO
\j let, with complete outfit. 1503 Geary.
S. BUTTER FIELD— SEND ADDREoS TO
. P. O. box 814, San Jose.
A DVICK FREE: DIVOHCE LAWS A SPE-
J\. cislty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 an some, upstairs.
THE ECONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.;
X selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
A LICE— TOM SAYS HIS RIRL GOT HER
_rL hair dressed at G. LEDEKER'S, 111 Stockton
St., and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there; it's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
St...' ROSE.
r>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Paningtoh, Gertrude
Partington, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
Y\T ATCH AND JEWELItY REPAIRING;
Ti low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BKITTAIN, 'JO Geary, nr. Kearny.
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. a
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS 'TO
IO guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talo.-ing Company, lll? Market and
1 lßEl'vAli Al/VAAX'hS ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
fTIRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer company. 43 Sutter st. ; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 1 inn CARDS, $1 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1' 'UU teh Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st, r. 39.
AT THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRM3 YOU
-r\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings,
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTKOZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-clan* Uundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
I>IG OUTDOOR STi-.KEOPTICON SHOW KVE-
Xf ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. -artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of Dual-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL MAN. 41 Sn. cor. J("»si<».
DRESSMAKERS.
TTvRESSES^i-^DP; WRAPPERS^3S~CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. ' 505% Natoma st.. above Sixth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
r£ &. DAVIS PIANO FOR SALE;
tJJ) I «J. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
5 OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not nec-ssary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices.. SHERMAN,
CLAY «fc CO., Stein way representatives.
PRIGHT PIANO: EXCELLENT TONE:
fane case; imperative sale this week; an offer
is wanted. Room 12, Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL STEIN WAY UPRIGHT:
must be Bold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10,809
Market St.
BTEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
ins; $100; Ladd $60. BRI EXN'S, 228 Post.
PIANDS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
1 stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
C! X CO., 933 Market St. - . |
QTEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
0 at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO., I
933 Market ' .
/ ' BEAT OPPORTUNITY: 6" FINE UP-
vjf rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAU VAIS, 769 Market st.
EFORU BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.'. BUSH I
6 Gerts and Knnbe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Pos: st.
<n LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for jour summer outing at small out- I
lay; violins, $1 35: mandolin*, $3 35; guitars, $3; ,
ailtoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos, ;
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: new i
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
J. I c.)- FINE cmCKKRING: SCHMITZ, 16
C J-t). McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
HICKKI.i.NU, KNABK. .VIECK.VOSB, BTKR-
ling pianos; see our n?w piano lor $187: plaaos
lor rent. __sENJ. CL'HI <fc son. 1« g'y»rr«*li.<,
YHO.V MAUZY. 'MH I'OST S.T.— SOHMEH,
»wbr & Evan?. I rices nnd other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, zithers, old 4 new
0 H. MILLKM. "jnakt-r. —patrpr. a Ijttliarpplaee
HORSES.
GOOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
horse, $25; a bargain. Apply 159 Second st.
I!' ANTED— A TEAM OF HORSES; MUST BE
ii cheap. 1556 Kearny st.
ORSKS AND BUGGIES FOR SALE. 1523
Howard st.
I?OH SALE— BO HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
' workhorses. 426 Valencia. JAMES D. FOR-
RESTEK.
1 raft HORSES for salk OR ix-
I' change for light buggy horses. 88 California.
\\r ANTED— 4 HORSES TO BOARD: REASON-
ii able rate. Apply 428 Turk st.
OR STYLISH ROAD HORSE AND
top bugey; new first-class delivery wagon with
incandescent lights: 100-gallon galvanized iron
boiler. Inquire 221 Polk si.
TjVf NE TEAM; ALSO CHEAP USE; HEAVY
X! express; bakery wagon. 1620 Mission st.
"LOR. SALE — SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE,
£ well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate aye.
I C A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons,- buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st.
AUCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables; 645 j
Geary, cor. Leavenworth, ever.- Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. K. MARTIN, prop.: S. ATKINs, auctioneer.
P.f\(\ SKT NEW "AND" SECOND-HAND HAR-
*J\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKSKS Foil SALE; ALSO WAGON'S,
1" bugeies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch. 630 Commercial st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS —
"WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
OLIGHTLY SOILED ODRIV?NO GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
TUEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
Xi dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN AND FOR
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California— Department No. 9 (Probate).
In the matter of the estate of. DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not be made.
A. C. FRKESE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an
order of sale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the puri oses therein set forth,
It is therefore ordered by the said court that all
persons Interested in I the estate of said deceased
ai pear before the said Superior Court on Monday,
the 13th July, 1896, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of Depart
ment No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall in the City and County of San
Cisco, State of Cal if orn'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said aminls-
trator to sell so much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary. .
Ana that a copy of this order be published at
least once a week for 4 successive week* in the
San FrakciBCO Cai/l, a newspaper printed and
published in said City and i.ountv.
Dated June 12, A.D. l-> 96. > - T; --
J. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court.
J. D. SULLIVAN. Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
-5 icle buiidine, San Francisco, Cal. - v
"PURSUANT TO A DKCRKE OP FORKCLO-
sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896,' notice is hereby given that the property
hereuuder described will be sold at public auction
at tne*: Courthouse (A lilolani Hale) In Honolulu
island of Oahu, H. 1., on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. p. c. JONEs,
; : Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
acres more or less in fee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable 01 which do not expire until 1916-
-the annual rentals are about $1800.
This estate is well fitted | for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses- for all purposes, all In good re-
pair, with < isterns, > wooished and Dress, and a
Honk of 24,000 sheep. 650 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count.
' The lan is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. As a sheep run it is
the most valuable on tne islands. Tue lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of Lanai. •-.- , . - •
> There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of Stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs ■on the
island. . . ■■■■ •-'■■• . . " - C
: Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week." "
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
tie sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch _ Co., 220 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco. ■
; Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
coin. ---" s>- >
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
' ■ - ■ • P. C. JONES, 1 Receiver.
CITY real estate. I
cTbTsmisl : ' :..-■• ' • "•."." '
• REAL estate and land agent,
■"•'. 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of Htanyan St., , bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa let: 100x150 feet.
50.x 127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. I - - '
$6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 26x137 :*> feet; electrio road parses houses;
make offer. - .-'•"- ' ..
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. .■■?£ -?• -■?■■
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of nark.
T?ITCHBURG— . FITCHBTJRG—
JD ITCHBURG- FITCHBURG-
IS MIDWAY BETWEEN OAKLAND
AND SAN LEANDRO,
On the only county road connecting those popn
lous cities.
It fronts on the famous highway leading from
Fruitvale. to Haywards and ex. ends 10 Oakland
harbor and possesses all the natural advantages
requisite for a thriving business community.
It is systematically laid out Into blocks and lots,
bounded by wide streets newly graded aud grav-
eled.
Twenty-six direct fast ferry trains da ly (fan
Leandro and Haywards local) to and from San
Francisco and Oakland stop at the commodious
station just completed by the Southern Pacific
Jr. R. Co. Sidetracks, warehouses and other con-
veniences for the accommodation of freight ship-
pers.
San 1 eandro and Haywards electric car service
every few minutes to Oakland.
Theater trains run on both lines-
Distance and time the same as to Alameda or
Berkeley.
BE FIRST TO SECURE LOTS AT LOW PRICES
AND GROW UP WITH THE TOWN.
Prices as low as scattering lots can be bought for
in isolated tracts in some far off hayfield.
LOTS 25 AND 50x100 TO 200
ONLY $100 TO $200.
Ten per cent cash, balance easy terms.
Full particulars of ■ •• - •--•■"
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchbnrg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., & F.
•
ffijO^Afi JUsT . FINISHED: TWO-STORY
♦4pO*J\Jl/. bay-window house of 7 rooms: bath;
latest improvements; $500 cash. Bryant aye., nr.
Twenty-first St.
1/<OR SAL —HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT 25X
X 110; rents $55 per month. Address C. A., box
102, Call Office. -
TVTKW COTTAGE, 923 YORK ST., NEAR2IST.;
--> 5 rooms and bath; high-finished basement;
porcelain tub; substantially built: everything
modern and convenient: price $2900; easy terms;
equal to rent, if desired; lot 25x100 feet; owner
on premises daily. -
IG BARGAIN— an elegant HOME, $700 j
cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath, j
high basement, fine barn and drive; lot 28x120; !
only $8400; fine location. 365 First aye., nr.
Clement st., owner 140- Devisadero st.
p HEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st., nr.Stanyan, y. 2 block G. ate Park.
©QnA NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 5 RMS.;
•4POUU. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye.. bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
S9l (\[\ COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
iP -j±\l\J. on lot 60-1-2, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120: $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
WHY. PAY RENT?
* • When you can buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, eas*t side of Cole St., near Waller: all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized; I
large lots, 25x128. Owner on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
O at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
JACOB HERMAN. REAL ESTATE, HAS
0 removed to 11 Montgomery st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PCNTA T^{ACTT^ : HTrG^M~7)i' ;^THE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles j
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes'
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to '
$^00: small deposit; easy installments; Send for I
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE :
W. HAIGHT; 220 Sansome St.. Ban Francisco, Cnl.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
T^RUIT ORCHARD— "icKACRK TRACTS^
J fruit cannery connected with orcnard; work ;
for men by the car: women and children daring I
.fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars. !
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
<£• X(\f\ AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN TH-I
fs)O\J\J. Russian River; house and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa cruz Mountains.
CHAKLr.S COLTON, 906 Market st.
REAT BARGAIN— 4O-ACRE VINEYARD
\J and fruit ranch: full bearing: also 640 acres
level land near Fresno. 1125 Howard st.
AN MATEO CITY— LARGE LOT, 100x180,
0 for sale chrap on Griffith aye. Address H. P.,
607 Capp St., city. >
O-ACRE CHICKEN RANCH NKAR OAK-
— laud; 8-room house; offered at one-half Its
value. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
4 LAM EDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
- V choicest in the state: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: \y% hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building
$_/«Arw\ FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; 10
tjpUUUW. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room bouse, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils Included. Apply F. B. HOOSON, Hay-
wards.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES _6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
I^OR HOMES IN LOSG\TOS OR ORCHARDS
. in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. It. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co.
K.MJFUttOUK LIST OF UKCHAKD MOAlfc.B
iorsale. WOOSTKK _ WHITTON. San Joss.
T- ITTLJfi HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 1_ acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 8 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWIN a, tionouu
Cl:y. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
property to exchange.
BARGAINS— WHATMW YOU~wXnt?
•JUU 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $IUO t0.......... 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4.000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKKR, 10^0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
T ODGING-HOUSE AND RANCH FOR SALE
XJ or exchange. PHELPS & CO., »17 Larkin St.,
room 6. ■- '.'•'-■: :
IpOK SALE OR EXCHANGE— DOUBLE
fiats on Eleventh su, Oakland: all new and
modern Improvements. PHJSLPS & CO., 917
Larkin st., room 6. ' ' -
lOTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
J boarding-house. C. 8., General Delivery P.O.
OK EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
X land or vicinity: 320 acres, level land, in artes-
ian belt, Tulare County; near located line of
Valley road to Bakersneld. Address A. TUBIN,
Call Office, Oakland. .-.■■'. , -■ .
Toon ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 __OU water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
PROPERTY WANTED.
W~"Tn?eT)^Po~pul^^
6 roomed cottage: lot not less than 50 feet
front:. nice grounds: either t rultvaie aye. or East
Oakland; must be cheap for cash. Address £
box 75, Call Office. ■
MONEY TO LOAN.
j OANH ON~™F^RNlTu're",^ PIANOS AND
Jj diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
"I ST dc 2i> MOKTGAUKS: INTERESTS IN E*
J. tales ;lowest rotes;no delay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVAN-_S>ONDIAMONDS,JEWELHY, KTU
_ rv Columbia Loan .v Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
1 OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
Jmortgasres, furniture or pianos; no removal : any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3-8 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
XX jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. 918 Market St.; open evenings. £v.
* NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE*:
A estates, undivided Interests, real, estate in tiro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. •.
OAKS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHER
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. .
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $101)0; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
VI ONI£Y LOAN .■ ON JJfiWKLKY AND
IVI other valuables at the Pecurlty ; Loan Office
I 1 (16 M ark t su.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turic
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
xJ do removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
1 IS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
O life insurance policies, 33 Pine st ...
PAWNBROKERS.
X KEARNY : ST_ ROoIT^^MONBY"
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; law rates: prt-
vau> rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap. ' •
MONEY WANTED.
ANTED— TO BORROW ON GOOD SEC ITR-
fty $1500 or $2000; will give as interest »
sunny corner suite. . Address C. S., box 129, Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAK -AND KEAVKSTATE.^~
pHICKEN RA NCH, STOCK^Cn^^EcTUREs",
V^ complete, $700; also : the best bargains in
FruUvale, in a fine cottage and large. lot; terms
easy: open Sunday. LODGE & POWELL, Fruit-
vale station. .
IT 1 OK SALE— A SNAP FOR 15 DAYS; SE. COR.,
-T 100x125; nice 4-room house and barn; well
and city water; price $!0OO; $900 cash: balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply to S. S. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third avo., East Oakland.
"I OR _ LOVELY LOTS IN PACIFIC GROVE;
-1 must be sold regardless of price. Address
Owner, box 17, Call Office, Oakland. ___^
COZY HOME; $3250. CASH $1250; 5 ROOM*,
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse;
cement ■ walks: near churchVs Aid schools;
centrally located: will net purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. Address K. CRAG, Call Office, Oakland.
CjO^Cli READ! READ BEAD! $30 PER
«lr^ • OKI, month and no cash down for a new
modern 8-room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN'
<fc CO., 902 Broadway, OaUland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
IriURNISHED HOUSES FOR RENT-5 ROOMS;
modern; nicely furnished; large grounds:
chicken-houses; rent $20 per month. See WHITE
BROS.. 1128 Twenty-third aye.. Kast Oakland.
OAKLAND FUBNISHED HOUSES.
T AKGE ? " Nliw7~*Ts'nioOAt FURNISHED*
XJ dwelling (overlooking Lake Merritt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 5 p. a., 121 Lake st., Oak-
land. : • ■ . . , .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
ljjKr^~KT'irN?T7nnrri<o^
tjpP'.). HAAS'. 408 Eleventh si . Oakland.
OAKLAND AND BOARDING.
MARIPOSA— MRS. EMMA H. AD A MS^.
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh sr., near Jefferson. Oakland, Cal.
I [FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— LET.
J with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st. "
ALAMEOA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA RKAL ESTATE.
CjOOfJA $300 CAi^H ANIT~S2S PER
f^ZiOxJyj. month; new cottage of 5 100 ms and
bath.
$3250-$5OO cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$410 J— $800 cash and $40 per mouth; new
house of 7 rooms and bath.
All large lots and convenient to cars; we have
on hand a number of beautiful Alameda homes for
sale on very easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alame la.
A.I ARCUSE A REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
i'J and builders. Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$j2o!>— s2s cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2460— $25 cash, $22 60 monthly: 53x117; cot-
tnire of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
S3ooo— No cash: 825 monthly: 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$8250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
j Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
0 STOKY; NEW; 10 BOOMS: ALL MODERN
-J Improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water; o ly $5500; lar/e lot.
To rent— Four finely furnished houses; also un-
furnished. JIiDD, 1424 ParK st., Alameda.
OFFER WANTiSD FOR NEW 6-ROOM COT-
tage: all modern improvements and street
work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
<&fcnriO beautiful NEW modern
tjn'UUfV/. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; law rooms: Central aye.,
one olock west of Park st.; it will surely please
you; investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland. ■
BARGAIN— $1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMfcß BUILT ON TKRMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on 1
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story |
dwellings on easy ttrms; from $2000 up: $150 :
cash; bulance on easy monthly payments to suit, j
Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and j
builder. 1502 Seventh st . AlnmP<la. ■ j
14ekk___v real estate.
osephT j. mason, real estate and
*J insurance agent, 1 Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. / ;
G" OOD homes for RENT OR FOR SALE
on Pliny terms. O. G. MAY <ft CO., real estate
and building. 2183 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR 'H oIeEST ~ LOCATION^'IiN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, eta: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
IpOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
J and bath; piano; $25 .014 Virginia st., near
Shattui'k aye.. Berrvmnn station.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
[acres— hoTjseTbahn". wellTwind-
->v mill and tank chicx^n-hous s: 5 acres bear-
ins fruit and vines: 12 acres in bay; plenty of
wood; running stream of water: 2 miles from
town: a positive sacrifice; price $2750. .P. WIL-
BERT, Castro St.. near B. Hoy wards, Cal.
10, 15 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS IN THE
heart of the valley: rich, level land: in tracts 10
suit: price $200 per acre. Call on or addrtss P.
WILBKBT, Castro s'.. near B. Hayward*. Cal. ■
JlAltiiiAlil". HCfejAS—S.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday ■
Philip A. Williann and Clare Tucker. 24— 21.
Christopher Rran and. Lizzie King, 23—16.
T. F. K. Mauoney and lone J. Boone, 28—16.
j Frederick Kaiser and Annie Thonnett. 28— 18. '
Joseph' Van Mobrand Louise Giese, 30—25.
David**. Steeleand .Nellie T. (''Connor. 23—21.
DIVO_vC_ PKOU.ISJfi.DJLM
Suits fllei:
Charlotte E. Nelson atralnst James W. Nelson.
Hulda Tsham airaum W. lsh»m.
BIKTHS— •JHAftRIACES — DEATHS.
BORN.
HAPPERSBERGER— In this city, Juno 12, 1896,
to the wife of Frank Happersbe r a son.
LEDWICH— In this city, June 7, 1896, to the
wife of Lawrence Ledwich. a son.
O'NKILL— In Lorin, Berkeley, June 11.1896, to
the wife of Daniel J. O'Neill, a daughter.
WILKINSON— WEBB— In Tulare, June 11, 1896,
by the Rev. M. P. Boynton of San Francisco,
H. E. Wilkinson of San Francisco and Mrs.
Jennie L. Webb of Tulare.
WITT— In this city. June 5, 1896, to the wife of
Charles Witt, a son. -
MARRIED. ' V
BERG-CLERFAYT— In this city, June 11, 1896,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Louis Berg and Clara
Clerfayt. •
BRoWELL— MENKF— this city, Jane 11.
1896, by tne Rev. J. Fuendeilng, Robert Browell
and Henrietta M. S. Menke.
ENGELLAND-THOMAS-In this city, June 11,
1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John F. Engel-
land and Marl • F. Thomas.
FRIEDRICHS— McMASTKR-In this city. June
9. 1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John J.
Friedricbs and Agnes Belle McMaster.
HAMILTON— M \SKRO— In this city, June 10.
1896, by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, Luke Hamil-
ton and Eva A. Maserobothof Angels, Cala-
veras County. Cal. ;
LA SHELLS— BAYLES— In, this city. June 11,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Leroy A. La
shells and Mary H. Bayles, both of Biggs. Butte
County, Cal. .
LEVY— HARRINGTON— In this city, by the
1 Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Daniel Levy and Susie Her-
. rlngton, both of Benicia, Cal. • ,t.\
MOLLISON— HINKEL— In this city, June 10,
1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John C. Mol-
\U on and Mary Hinkel.
PAW SON— BONXER— In this city, June 10, !
1896, by the Rev. Mr. Mlel of Sausalito, Arthur I
Pawson and Alice Bonner, both ot San ran-
cisco.
SIEBE— In this city, June 11, 1896. by
the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Werner Stan,' and t ri in
Meba.
VAN MOHR-GIESR— In this city, June 11,1896,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,- Joseph Van - Mohr
and Louise Giese. ■. ~ .-..'.■.
'. . . ■?■' _»_„ . •'.
; Aiher, Mary , , - Muller. Charles .
Cars 11 , Kobers J. O'Don:ieil, Mrs. E.
Callaghan, Annie ' Pederspn, Alfred N.
' Conrsey, John . Peterson. Lizzie
Deligne, Alexander Peterson, limit
Edwards. Charles W. Pohley, Margaret
Gilman, Berntcle . Reimers, Ju-ob
: Hilton, Florence L. . Robin sin, Robert A,
Johnston, William cscheurer. Christian
Kno vies, Jostati N. Huilivan, Gertrude
Lane. Florence ' Se>vuil, Irving E.
Lewis. Kitty Vaslit, Frank H.
Ledwich, John Valleau, Samuel
Moss, Capt, Charles Weissicli, William O.
. Wingerter, Charles J.
ASCHER— In this city .June 12, 1896, Mary.be-
loved wife of Simon, and sisier of Mrs. B.
Franklin, Mrs. P. Lobenerof Colfax and .Mrs. R.
Gronlicht, a native of Bamen, Austria, aged 86
years. • .. ■:'.;• - .
Notice of funeral hereafter.
C.ARSS— In this city, June 11. 1896, Robert John,
son of the late Robert and Catherine Cars*, and
i j brother of Mrs. M. Brown and Hannah * Cares,
a native of - San Francisco, aged .29 years 8
. months and 5 days.
'" AST Friends are respectfully invited to atten-1
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 51 Louisa
" street Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. "
CALLAGHAN— In this city, June 12, 18"6, Annie
: beloved wife of John L. Cftllnshan, and daughter
, of Wi.liam Patrick O'conne 1. and sister of Mrs.
Kste Boyd, John, Daniel, May and Agnes O'Con-
< nell, a native of New York "City, aged 32 years
and 22 days, g
*S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 816 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Francis Church. Vallejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:. 5 a. M. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COURSEY— In this city, June 11, 1896, John,
d arly beloved husband of Kate Coursey, and
father of John, Mary, Thomas, James, Cecelia,
Kate and Magcie Coursey, and brother of Mrs.
James McCarthy of Bosebnrg, Or., a native of
Roundstone, County Gahvay, Ireland, aged 52
years.
%3~ Friends and acquaintance's are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 61 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ', .'
A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 2. -The members of this
division are hereby notified to assemble at Hi-
bernia Hall, 121) Ninth street, TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m , to attend lie funeral
of our ir.te brother, John Coursey. Fines for non-
attendance will be strictly in'orced. Members
of sister divisions are cordially Invited to attend,
BARTLEY LEE, President.
. Johx Kenny, Rec. Sec
DELIGNE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 12, 1596, Alexander Deligne, aged 83 years.
EDWARDS— In French Creek, El Dorado County,
Cal., June 5. 189t>, Charles W., father of Thomas
W. Edwards, a native of England, and aged 63
years.
Gil MAN— In Berkeley, .Tune 12, 1896, Bernlcie
Catherine, youngest daughter of Kate and
Charles L. Gilman, a native of California, aged
1 year 11 months and 11 days.
#s*Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invit»d to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the parents
residence on Dana street, near Parker, Berkeley,
interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakiaud.
HILTON— In this city, June 12, 1896, Florence
Louise Hilton, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H.
I. Hilton, sister of hstella, Oscar and Bennie
Hilton, a native of Santa Rcsa, Cal., aged 6
years 10 months and 23 days.
JOHNSTON— In thU city, June 11, 1896, William
G., dearly beloved son of Captain Robert aDd
Elizabe h Johnston, and brother of Robert It,
Elizabeth M. and Andrew L. Johnston, a native
of San 1 rancisco, aged 25 years 9 months and 23
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock P. M., from his late
residence, 203 Serond street, thence to Miipah
Presbyterian Church. Harrison street, near Fifth,
where funeral services will be held, commencing
at 1 o'clock P. k. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
KNOWLE3-In Oakland, June 10, 1896, Joslah
N. Knowles. a native of Easth&m. Mass., aged
66 years and 15 days. [Boson and New Bed-
ford (Mass.) papers please copy. J
Jj?«/-Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence, 1302 Jackson street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
LANE— In Los Angelas. June 10, 1896, Florence,
beloved wife of Jonn B. Lane, and sister of Ted.
Edith, William and Arthur Osborne and Mrs. A.
Lane of this city.
LEDWICH— In this city, June 9, 1893, John, in-
fant son of Lawrence and Annie Ledwich.
LEWIS— In this city, June 11, 1896, Kitty, be-
loved wife of John Lewis, a native of Sacra-
mento, aged '26 years.
*J"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. Goieau. 326 and 328 Montgomery
avenue. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SIULLER— In this city, June 11, 1896, Charles,
be'oved husband of Elizabeth, and father of
I.'orothea and Elizabeth Muller, ana 'brother of
Mr. J. Muller and Mrs. C. Wehr, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 38 yean 3 months and
25 days. A member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41.
A. O. U. W., Yosemite Lodge No. 1930, K. of
H.. California Castle No. 1, Knights of the Gol-
den Kagle, and Grocers' Union.
fi_f*Frienil3 and acquaintances are resDect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from Red Men's
Hall. 320 Post street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Magnolia Lodge No.
41, A. O. U. W. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MOSS— In Roc < port, Texas, June 11,1898, Cap-
tain Charles Moss, aged HO yei>rs 11 mouths and
11 days. [New York papers please copy.]
O'DONNELL— In this city. June 11. 1896, Mrs.
Ellen O'Donnell, beloved mother of the late
Mrs. Thomas Terry, a native of Ireland, aged
99 years 10 months and 8 days.'
AyFriends and acquaintances are resnest-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 10 Bonita street, off Polk, between Green
and • Vallejo, thence to St Bridget's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of her soul. commencing at 9
o'clock a. if. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. June 10, 1896, Lizzie,
beloved wife of Louis Peterson, and mother of
Georgiesnd Emma Peterson, daughter of Charles
and Mary Haner, an 1 sister of Mrs Josephine
Tourtelotte, W lliam, Frank and Joseph Haner,
a native cl lowa, aged 28 years 3 months and
15 days.
«_f-Friends ana acquaintance* nx« rosnec-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence. 603 Minna street, near Seventh. Inter-
ment i. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■
POHLEY— In this city, June 12. Margaret be-
loved wife of the late Joseph, and mother of
Henry, Frederick and Jacob Pohley and Amelia
Nutw'ald. a. native of Germany, aged 87 years 11
months and 6 days.
PEDERSEN— South San Francisco, June 12,
1896, Alfred Norman Pedersen, beloved and
youngest child of Ane E. and the Berthineus
Peder.'en. and beloved brother of Otto and Alms
Pedersen, Mra Üba Barnes, Mrs. Amanda
. R eddy and Mrs. Rose Kline, a native of San
Francisco, agea 10 years 11 months and 1 day.
jfEfFrienas ana acquaintances • an» resoec"-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his mother, 933 Eleventh avenue
south, between N and P street fsoutn, thence to
Fifteenth-avenue M. E. Church, for funeral ser-
vices. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city. June 11,1896. Robert
Austin Robinson, beloved husband of Henrietta
K. Robinson, a native of Putnam County, New
York, in the 84th year of his age.
«3" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
from his late residence, 312 Seventeenth street,
THIS DAY (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clocK a. m.
'Interment private. No (lowers.
REIMERS— In this city, June 11, 1896. Jacob
Reimers. beloved husband of Catberina Reimers.
and father of G orse, Alma, Blanchette, Jesse
and Archie Keiraers, a native of Wewelsfleth.
lloistein. Germany, aged 65 years 3 months and
7 days. A member of Unity Lodge no. 27. A. O.
U. W. [Seattle paper* please copy.]
Dearest father, thou bast left ns, '
All your trials now shall cease,
For thou hast gone to dwell
In realms of everlasting peace.
'Twas very hard tor us to pnrt.
, Yet God's will shall ba done;
'And loving prayers shall waft thee on
To that glorious land beyond.
;_•••', His Family.
Relatives and friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW (Sun-
flay), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from his late residence,
827 Twenty-eighth street, between Church and
Sanchez. Interment Odd .fellows' Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 12, 1896, Ger-
trude, beloved daughter of Thomas and Martha
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 year*
and 2 months .
jjGS~Friena» and acquaintances »r» resoec-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clocn p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 833 Twelfth street. Inter-
• ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SEWALL— In this cltv, June 12. 1896, Irving E.,
beloved son or David H. and Josephine Sewall, a
native of san Francisco, aged 8 years 5 months
and 12 days.
Or Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. k.. from the residence
of his parents. 428 Brannan street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
bCHEURER— In this city, June 10, 1898, Chris-
tian, beloved husband of the late Louise Scheurar
anil father of Tillie and Christie schenrer, a na-
tive of Eavaria, Germany, aged 42 years, a mem-
ber of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Ge-
sellschaftTeutonlaandFugileer Mutual Benev-
olent Society.
' Friend* and acquaintance* are resDect-
fally invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from Masonic
Temple, where the funeral services will be held,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
44. F. and A.M. Remain* at the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. — *
VETERANS N. G. C— Ton are respectfully re
ques.ed to attend the luneral services of our late
comrade, as per above notice. . .
8. I. KELLOGG,'Comm»nder.
VAS LIT— In this City, June 12, 1896, Frank H.,
son of the late Dr. F. S. Vasllt, aged 34 year*. 10
months and 7 days. - •
' jjarKrlends art* ■ r»»peetftil!r invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
2 o'clock P. m., from Sl-rra Hall, N. S. G. W.
building-, 414 Mason street. Interment Sonoma,
Cal. . , : . .
VALLEAU— June 11, 1896. Samuel, beloved hos-
baud of Nellie B. Valleuu, father of Mabel and
Tom Valleau, and son of T. P. and M. A . Val-
leau, a native of California, aged 40 years 6
months and 6 days. • .
oS~Friendj and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from be Masonic
Temple corner Post and Mo itgomery streets,
under the pices of King Solomon Lodge No.
260, F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. . '.•'-, '.--■'.
WINGERTER -In this city, Jane 12. 1896,
Charles Joseph Wlngerter, aged 79 years 8
months and 9 days.
4STNo.iceof funeral hereafter. .
WKIBSICH-In thiscitv, Jnne 11, 1898, William
Otto, beloved husband of Caroline Wels«tcti,
and father of Mrs. Theodor Dierks, Mrs- Clem-
- ens Eschmann, Miss Julia and Willia n O. We s-
slch. a native of Bucxeburg, Schaumbnrg-Llppe,
Hanover, Germany, i«ed 70 years and 24 days.
, ■ 49* Friends and acquaintances are rPSDec".-
fulty Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his la c resi-
dence, 1318 Buchanan street, between Eddy and
Ellis. . Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery." . '
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. -
Telephone 3080.
1516
DEPOSITORS WILL
LOSE BIG MONEY
Savings Banks Unable to
Pay Former Rates
of Interest.
TAX LEVY RESPONSIBLE.
Laboring Classes Pay the Larg
est Share of the Heavy
Assessment
ABOUT $250,000 IS INVOLVED
Secretary Robert Tobin of the Hi
bernia Savings Bank Makes a
Plain Statement.
The semi-annual dividend to be paid the
120,000 depositors in the local savings
banks in July next will be nearly a quar
ter of a million dollars less than the
amount received by them during the same
month of 1895.
This enormous falling off is due to the
excessive tax levy of the present year,
the banks being called on to pay nearly
three-quarters of a million more than in
1895. Last July the savings banks paid a
dividend ranging from 4% to 4% P er cent.
January 1, 1896, this was reduced to 4 per
cent, and for the six months just ending a
further reduction of at least one-quarter
of 1 per cent is expected.
This means that the depositors — the
laboring class being most largely affected —
will receive the smallest return on their
hard-earned savings ever paid in the his
tory of local banking.
Ten savings banks in San Francisco
have on deposit about one hundred million
dollars, divided among 123,000 people. On
some the loss will be light, because their
accounts are small, but a large percentage
will be sorely discomforted at the unex
pected cut in their income.
"The enormous tax levy is principally
responsible for this reduction," said Rob
ert J. Tobin, secretary of the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society, last night.
"Last year we paid to the City and County
of San Francisco $300,000, and for the cur
rent year the assessment reaches the enor
mous sum in round figures of $500,000.
The rate, as is well known to every one,
jumped from $1 60 to $2 25. The poorer
classes are the principal sufferers because
of the obnoxious law which subjects money
to taxation.
•'Here we are called on to pay $200,000
more than in 1895. That year we paid a
dividend of 4*4 per cent. It is impossible
at the present time to say what percentage
will be paid in July — possibly 4. and it
may be a great deal less. In any event
the man who earns nis money by the
sweat of his brow is the real sufferer. The
rich are able to evade the law by kiting
their accounts from bank to bank, or
else doing business in another State.
Of course these methods are not
strictly honorable, but it saves taxes)
and that is about all many of the present
generation seem to care for. Even if sav
ings banks were inclined to do wrong
there is no way in which a fraud of the j
kind mentioned could be successfully j
carried out.
"The resuJt is seen, therefore, in the divi
dend about to be declared. The poor man,
the fellow who eaves a few honest dollars
by hard toil and sacrifice, is practically
doubly taxed. The pilferers, however,
have fixed the levy, knowing that these
people would be called on to bear the bur
dens, and they must perforce accept the
situation gracefully.
"We hope to pay a 4 per cent dividend,
though it may be considerably less; uo
man can tell at present just what it will
be, though the outlook is not encourag
ing."
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
is the largest institution of its kind in the
City. It has about $31,000,000 on deposit
and nearly 50,000 depositors. What is
true of this institution in tbe matter of
taxes and decreased dividends applies to
every savings bank in San Francisco.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL
Miss Mary Kiely the First Candidate
for Queen.
Although no date has yet been set for the
election of officers of the festivities for
the Carnival of the Golden Gate, already a
candidate for the houor of presiding over
the games and parades of the school-chil
dren has been received at headquarters.
Miss Mary Kiely, a young lady of 18 sum
mers, who has recently graduated from
the public schools and is about to enter
the graduating class of St. Joseph's Con
vent at Tenth and Howard streets, is the
first who has consented to permit her
name to go before the public for a chance
as queen. Miss Kieiy is highly talented
ana has won honors in drawing, painting
and music. She is a tall, stately blonde,
with blue eyes and hair of a light chestnut
color.
W. H. Mills has plans for the illumina
tion of Golden Gate Park. The plans^are
quite elaborate, and the effects that will
be produced at night are said by the elec
trical engineers who have drawn them to
be of a very stiking character.
A number of offers of assistance from
various places of amusement have been
made at headquarters. All seem anxious
to assist financially, and only await the
sanction oi the committee to announce
their programmes and dates. At the meet
NEW TO-DAY.
F/^mfe&»Wlrt 'SIB EFP
f DAY OR NIGH 9
My bands were completely covered ■with Ec-
zema, and between my fingers the akin was
' perfectly raw. . I had to sit with both hands held
up, and away from the fire. My husband bad to
dress and undress me like a baby. I tried the
best physicians, but their medicines gave me no
relief, and drove me almost crazy. I was ad-
vised to try Cuticcra Remedies, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty miles to
get them. As soon as he got back, I used the
Ccticuba, and In five minute* after the first
application I was perfectly easy, and slept
soundly all that night* Before I commenced
using the Cdticuba Remedies I could get no
ease night or day. I could not bear to get warm,
it would put me in a rage of itching. I always
keep the Concur. a Remedies in my house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because of
their wonderful effect. Yours gratefully,
AGiras M. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co. Va
Speedy Curb Trcvtmbht ron Toktum.vo, Drs-
nownro Hcmons — Warm bathi with Cl-ticc** Soap,
ftfiul* applications of CrriCUBA (ointment), the great
■kin cur*, and mild dote* of Cdticura AisoLYm.
greatest of humor caret. -
Sold throughout the world. Price, Coticcba. Me. t
Soap, 2Se.; Resolyeitt. Me. and »1. Pones Dbco
A3D Cbbk. Corp., Sole Prop*., Borton.
oar " Bsir to Cure Torturing Skin Dlmwm." free.
ing of the committee Monday afternoon
the plan of arrangements will be com
pleted, and the public notified where they
can be amused and at the same time con
tribute to the financial success of the car
nival.
The special finance committee is still
earnestly at work. They have extended
their neld of operations somewhat
and find that all classes are fully
alive to the advantages to be de
rived by the City from the carnival. So
confident are they of tbeir success in rais
ing the amount specified, $50,000, before
commencing work that they are already
considering many of the details of the
more important features.
FOR THE FOURTH.
An Exceptionally Big Parade Promised.
Marshal Umbsen to Pick the
Goddess of Liberty.
The parade committee of the Fourth of
July committee met yesterday and ar
ranged certain details.
The grand marshal was asked to invite
the officers and men of the Zaragoza to
participate in the parade; also to ask cos
turners to submit ideas for floats.
AH applications for positions in the
parade as. Goddess of Liberty must be sent
to the grand marshal, Henry P. Umbsen,
Mills building, fifth floor.
It was declared to be the sense of the
committee that all actual industries be
requested to participate with a float.
Communications have been addressed
by permission of the Board of Education
to all schools, inviting the children to get
up a float representing some revolutionary
period. For the best float a $50 prize ban
ner and for the second a $25 banner will
be offered. The principals or representa
tives of each school will meet at tne grand
marshal's office this afternoon to make
arrangements.
A committee of three from each parlor
Colonel James Hamilton Lewis, the Democratic Bean Brnmmel of the State of
Washington, Who Has Sh ed His Castor Into the Ring for the Governorship.
[Sketched from life by a "CaU" artist.}
of the Native Sons and Daughters of San
Francisco, Oakland and Alameda, will
meet at committee headquarters, Mills
building, at 8 o'clocK Tuesday evening to
make arrangements for the representation
of their order.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen have
signified their intention of participating
in the parade. Their organization con
sists of 300 members.
It was definitely settled that the parade
would be exceptionally elaborate. Gen
eral Warfield has declared that nineteen
or twenty companies of the National
Guard will be in line from this City and
across the bay, with perhaps one from
Santa Cruz. This is a large increase on
the contingent of former years.
LOUIS SCHMIDT'S STORY
He Said That He Was Beaten
by Employes of the
Railroad.
The Boy's Troubles Grew Ont of the
Fatal Accident to May Quill
Last February.
Louis Schmidt, a lad 14 years of age,
who figured prominently in the May Quill
inquest case in Berkeley, has again come
to the front and yesterday he swore out
warrants for the arrest of several men
whem he charges with battery. He says
that the assault grew out of the case re
ferred to. On Sunday, February 16,
May Quill, a little girl, was run over by
one of the Southern Pacific Company's
local Berkeley trains and one of the wit
nesses was Louis Schmidt. The boy lives
at 824 Jackson street, Oakland, and is the
support of his haif-b;ind father and a lit
tle sister. He peddles pins and needles
on both sides of the bay.
Whe"n the inquest was held he pave tes
timony favorable to the railroad company,
to the effect that the girl was entirely to
blame. Later on he told an entirely dif
ferent story, which was to the effect that
he had been induced to testify as he did
by the Southern Pacific people, to whom
he was under obligations. At that time
he and his family were the recipients of
special favors, being permitted to ride on
the cars and i oats at reduced rates.
The latter statements of the lad caused
the company to withdraw the privileges
and young Schmidt became identified
with the lawyers for the Quill family, who
have a neavy damage suit in the Superior
Court of Alameda County against the rail
road company. Since then the boy states
that he has been persecuted by the em
ployes of the company.
The lad's last storywas toid yesterday
to Judge Low, to whom he applied for
warrants for the arrest of three men. He
said that he was in a saloon on Market
and Brady streets at 11 o'clock, accom
panied by his father and sister. Suddenly
two or three men entered the premises
and showed him a paper which they
demanded that he sign. When he asked
them what the paper contained one of the
meu answered that it was a statement
which would exonerate the railroad com.
pany from ail blame in the May Quill
damage suit; that it was about the same
as Schmidt had testified to at the inquest
and a denial of the statements that he had
subsequently made.
Upon the boy refusing to sign the paper
he said that the men began to beat him
and his father, and even the barkeeper
took a hand in the matter by closing the
door so as to allow the assailants to pro
ceed without interruption. Finally the
boy and hi» sister and father made their
escape.
The boy said that he does not know the
names of his assailants. Judge Low issued
the warrants asked for.
The warrants were given to Officer
Campbell, who last evening arrested the
saloon-keeper, B. F. Carter. The latter went
to the City Prison, accompanied by a num
ber of friends, who at once gave bail for
his release. Carter positively refused to
discuss the case or reply to the charge
made by young Schmidt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1896.
SEATTLE'S SOLON
COMES TO TOWN
Colonel James Hamilton
Lewis, an Admira
ble Crichton.
WILL FIX SOME FENCES.
Most Likely He Means to Get
the Democratic Nomination
for Governor.
FAVORS AN HONEST DOLLAR.
Once Worked on the Docks — Can
Paint the Lily, Fight a Duel
or Lead the Dance.
Colonel James Hamilton Lewis, the re
doubtable young Democratic leader of
the State of Washington, is making a
quiet visit to San Francisco. The colonel
has left his law practice at Seattle long
enough to get a change of air, and enjoy a
season of quiescence before the campaign
comes on.
Colonel Lewis, who is the Beau Bruin
mell of the Northwest, is a leading candi
date for Governor of Washington, that is
to say, he is in the hands of his friends.
Apparently he stands a good chance to
get the office, too.
He was voted for for United States Sen
ator at the time of tbe last Senatorial
fight at Olympia. and the t-how-ciown de
veloped that while he did not have votes
enough to prove a winner, he had enough
to indicate be was a very healthy can
didate.
Colonel Lewis is a Virginian who arrived
in Seattle in the hard days before the last
boom. He hung out his shingle, but
clients were few and the money he had
brought with him was soon exhausted. In
his predicament, though one of the
curled darlings of society, he was forced
to toil with his hands.
He sought a job on the Seattle docks
and for a time rolled barrels and trundled
a wheelbarrow. This act, though per
formed for but two hours as his enemies
aver, endeared him to the laboring men.
He was made an honorary member of the
Longshoremen's Union, and his friends
claim for him that he is solider with the
masses than any other man who could be
named.
Colonel Lewis is quite a hand at oratory.
He can paint the lily, and altogether is no
slouch as a spell-binder. Some two years
ago the colonel made a pilgrimage to this
City, and while here got into a verbal alter
cation with the city editor of one of the
morning dailies. The colonel tersely
penned a note to the editor in such a way
that it was understood to mean nothing
else than a challenge to fight a duel. The
challenge created a good deal of interest,
but no blood was spilled.
They say the colonel will fight at the
drop of a hat. He wears a thick bushy
beard of a sanguinary color, still adhering
to the old custom and defying the breezes
that skurry about in the Puget Sound
region. They do call him Dude Lewis,
too.
There appears to be no doubt that
Colonel Lewis has strength. From both
sides of the Cascade Mountains hosts of
his supporters are sure to appear. If he
gets the Democratic nomination it is be
lieved he will give Governor McGraw, if
he is renominated, or whoever beads the
opposition, a lively run for his money.
Colonei Lewis is coy about giving the
public his views at this time. He contents
himself by saying that he is the ardent
friend of the toiler, that he is in favor of
an honest dollar, and is impressed with
the need of Government appropriations
for home improvements. He will prob
ably be here for several days. The colonel
is at the Palace.
DEATH OF SAMUEL VALLEAU.
An Old Printer and an Kx-Super-
visor.
Samuel Valleau, aged 40 years and a
native of California, died yesterday. The
funeral will move at 1:30 p. m. to-morrow
from the Masonic Temple on Post street,
under the auspices of King Solomon
Lodge No. 2GO, F. and A. M.
The deceased leaves a widow and two
children — Mabel and Tom. He was a
well-known man, and for many years was
in the printing and publishing business
on Sansome street, nis partner, Oliver,
having died some time ago. Formerly
Sam Valleau was active in politics and
served one term on the Board of Super
visors. At that time he was associated
with Steve Brodie, who was also an active
politician.
The Looker-Oii.
There are always some good stories told
in the clubs. These find their way every
week into the "Looker-on" department
of the News Letter. There are some good
ones in to-day's issue.
NEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS-
CLEARANCE"BARGAINS FOR ill!
— -r**O?*- —
Among the many WONDERFUL CLEARANCE BARGAINS with
which we close the week will be found the following offered at
SPECIALLY DEEP CUTS IN PRICES!
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
At 45 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy stripes and figured
percales, regular price 90c, will be of-
fered at 45c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' FINE PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy blue and pink
checks, detachable collar, regular price
$1 50, will be offered at $1 each.
At $1.50.
LADIES' FANCY DIMITY SHIRT
WAISTS, fancy colors and Persian
patterns, detachable collars, regular
price $2, will be offered at $1 50 each.
SILKIIISTS!
At $4.00.
LADIES'* BLACK SURAH SILK
WAISTS, latest style, lined through-
out, regular price $5, will be offered at
$4 each.
At $5.50.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, of far.cy Per-
sian patterns, bishop sleeves, latest
style, regular price $7, will be offered
at $5 50 each.
At $6.50.
LADIES' PLAID SILK WAISTS, lined
and boned, lull slet-ves, finished with
belt, regular price $8, will be offered at
$6 50 eacn.
At $8.00.
LADIES' FANCY FIGURED AND
STRIPED SILK WAISTS, made in
the latest style, lined and boned, regu-
lar price $10, will be offered at $8 each.
PIQDIUACKETB!
100 dozen CHILDREN'S PIQUE JACK-
ETS, in pink, blue and white, large
collars, finish- d with embroidery, at
$1 75, $2 50, $3 and $4 50 each.
UU Murphy Building, /
Harkct and Jones Streets,
GRAND JURY AND
THE TAX LEVY
Alarm Caused by Esti
mates for the Next
Year.
A STARTLING INCREASE
Special Session Called to Con
sider the Serious
Question.
REPORT OF THE IXPERT.
Resistance to a Plundering Levy of
Taxes May B; Made in
Court.
The estimates showing the probable
cost of maintaining the City government
for the next fiscal year have so alarmed
the Grand Jnry that a special meeting lias
been called, to convene next Monday even
ing. What steps shall be taken to resist
the proposed increase of the local tax rate
may be decided upon at the special session.
It is clear to the minds of active members
of the jury that the taxpayer must be pro
tected — that the taxes necessary to raise
the amount of money called for would
paralyze the business of the City by con
fiscating the property of citizens.
The Grand Jury's expert, Horace Dunn,
was recently charged with the duty of ex
amining into the requirements of several
departments to ascertain what reasons
existed for demanding the large increase.
It seems that Thomas Ashworth, Superin
tendent of Streets, wants $400,000 to repair
cobbled streets, and $100,000 more for im
proving water-front thoroughfares. The
Street Department has asked for an in
crease of $900,000 over the liberal allowance
of the present fiscal year.
The School Department, which has
always been lavishly supplied with money
wherewith salaries could be increased,
new places created and teachers paid in
full during ail vacations, is clamoring
again for a larger allowance.
The Park Commissioners are calling for
another large appropriation immediately
following an unprecedented allowance of
$300,000 for the year now drawing to a
close. The Grand Jury hears all along the
line of municipal office-holders a cry in
chorus for more money.
The Grand Jury's attention has been
directed to a promise made by the Super
visors a year ago that the rate for the fiscal
year 1896-97 would be low. As a justifica
tion for the high rate of 1895-96, the Super
visors explained that the City was in debt
for supplies and that a half million dollars
extra to pay off all outside obligations
was an exceptional allowance which would
not be necessary in the future; after pay
ing back bills economy would be enforced,
and the next levy would be low.
To the consternation of the taxpayers
the proposition now comes to impose a
lax equal to war indemnity levied on a
conquered province. It is known to the
jury that the rich will shirk payment if
possible and that the staggering burden
must be borne by the hard and honest
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 55 Cents.
2000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in medium and dark tan
shades, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 55c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1800 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(black embroidered back), in cream,
white and butter, regular value $1, will
be closed out at 65c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1600 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, also
black, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons), in dark and medium
colors, also black, repular value $1 25,
wili be offered at 75c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES (black
only), regular value $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c a pair.
At 80 Cents.
1000 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES (large buttons), in
red, tan, navy and brown colors, also
black, regular value $1 25, will be
closed out at 80c a pair.
At $1.00.
750 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (large buttons), shades in
red, tan and brown, regular value
$1 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
[f {J Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
worker, who has saved enough by con
stant toil and sacrifice of personal com
fort to get a little lot ol land and a house
for his family.
At the session of the Grand Jury yester
day, at which Theodore F. Payne was act
ing foreman in the absence of Frank Mas
key, the proposed increase of the tax rate
was vigorously discussed. A volume of
correspondence touching the question was
read. For a long time the jury has been
acquiring information on the subject in
order to make an intelligent presentation
of the facts at the proper time.
Generally speaking, the heads of depart
ments of the municipal government re
sent the idea of Grand Jury or newspaper
interference in the management of their
offices. When a man has been in public
office for a year or two he is apt to fancy
himself a little czar. Endowed with the
authority to order the Board of Super
visors to provide him with all the money
he desires he concerns himself chiefly
about the clerics, who are so numerous
around the hall that they are stumbling
over each other every day.
The Grand Jury has concluded to take
up the subject, whether heads of depart
ments like it or not. The facts as they
appear to the jurors lead to the conviction
that twice as many clerical positions exist
as are needed and that a reduction of
$1,000,000 a year could be made without
detriment to the public service. Still,
while contemplating a reduction and a
smaller tax levy the demand comes from
the spoilsmen to increase municipal ex
penses $1,500,000 a year and tax the people
out of their homes to meet the increased
burdens.
Robbery in the guise of taxation is not a
felony under the statute, so it may not be
deemed best to indict any one for plunder
ing the community, but other steps may
be taken to bring public servants to a sense
of public responsibility.
Merchants and professional men, own
ers of homes and dealers in real estate
have importuned the Grand Jury to do
something toward arresting the extrava
gance in the conduct of City affairs, and
so at the meeting next Monday evening
some plan of action will be formed. As a
last resort resistance to the levy in court
may be made, but it is desired that the
Supervisors having authority and control
of expenditures should takn hold and cut
down the estimates to a reasonable basis.
At the sessions yesterday some commu
nications handed down from the Eldridge
Grand Jury and touching the manage
ment of the Public Pound were consid
ered. The charges were brought by Flem
ing, and for many months he sought to
have the Pound institution ventilated.
One witness (John Partridge) was heard
by the jury yesterday. At one time he
was an officer of the Society for the Pre
vention ol Cruelty to Animals, and was
supposed to know something of the Pub
lic Pound affairs. It was Fleming's idea
that money collected at the Pound had
been misappropriated, but Mr. Partridge
could not give the Grand Jury much light
on this point.
Last week Alfred Isson presented a ca?e
for the consideration of the Grand Jury,
but the communication was yesterday
handed over to the District Attorney for
examination. The Isson case involves the
retention of certain letters now in the
possession of an attorney's clerk. Judge
Sanderson is held by Isson to be responsi
ble for withholding the documents. The
letters were once produced in court and
read to a jury. It is said that while the
letters ar« withheld some one who ought
to be punished is shielded.
QUICKSILVER DISPLAY.
Board of Trade Will Soon Have a Fine
Acquisition.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade expects soon to have one of the
finest and most complete quicksilver and
quicksilver ore displays of any Board of
Trade in the United States. Alfred Abbey
of the Great Eastern Quicksilver Mining
Company of Sonoma County has written
that a large collection of the ore of this
metal la already on the way. It is the in
tention of Mr. Filcher to make the display
particularly conspicuous, inasmuch as
California is the only State in which quick
silver is mined.
RIBBONS! BIBBONS!
At 20 Cents.
No. 30 3-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN
RIBBONS, value 35c, will be closed
out at 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3^ inches
wide, elegant quality, value 45c, will
be closed out at 25c a'yard.
At 30 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, 4 inches
wide, in handsome designs, value 50c,
will be closed out at 30c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBONS, 5 inches wide, en-
tirely new, value 75c, will be closed out
at 50c a yard.
PARASOLS !_PARASOLS!
At 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in satin, value
$1, will be closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk,
lined, value $1 50, wili be closed out at
$1 each.
At $1.50.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in twilled silt,
ruffle trimmed, value $2, will be closed
out at SI 50 each.
km if Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
THE CATTLE KING
IS BADLY WANTED.
Two Deputy Sheriffs Were
After Him Yester
day.
THE INSANITY DODGE.
Mrs. White's Attorneys Think
a Clever Plan Is Being
Laid.
HIS SPIRITUALISTIC ANTICS.
Will They Be the Basis for a
Claim of Unscund Men
tality ?
George E. White, the Mendocino cattle
king and recently c'eveloped advanced
spiritualist, is about to assume a new role
— that of a finished lunatic. At least that
is what the attorneys for his divorced
wife, who is trying to get some kind of a
tangible hold on the $100,000 awarded her,
assert.
Two deputy sheriffs and Louis Martin
were looking for the cattle king all day
yesterday to place him under arrest for
contempt of court for having failed to
comply with an order issued by Judge
Hebbard. Ever since his late wifi,
Frankie White, won her decree and hand
some lump alimony of $100,000, Mr. White
has been charged repeatedly with doing
everything in his power and witbin the
knowledge of modern legal necromancy
to avoid the payment thereof, and this
contempt charge arises from the same
cause.
He refused to produce notes and mort
gages amounting to about $4000 and also
to pay into court $500 in cash. When ap
prehended he will serve five days in jail
besides meeting other penalties imposed
by the court. But that is not the story.
Mrs. White's attorneys believe and so
assert that the cattle king is now parading
before the public as a fanatical spiritual
ist for the purpose of establishing a foun
dation on which to base a plea of unsound
mentality as a possible means of avoiding
the payment of the $100,000 alimony and
other consequences of his acts. His wild
statements about materializing spirits of
ancient Oriental magicians, dead several
thousand years and standing eight feet
high, are quoted as an evidence of a clever
concocted scheme to cast a doubt on his
sanity.
Other discrepancies are also pointed out,
which go to show that however much care
may have been used in formulating the
plan, he has overshot the mark. He re
ferred in one statement to the materially
embodied spirit of his first wife, when, so
the attorneys iay, she is alive and at pres
ent making her home in Oakland. They
say the lunatic dodge will prove ridicu
lously inoperative.
Owes More Than He Can Pay.
Nicholas F. Sargent, a steward, has filed a
petition in insolvency. He owes $2664 40,
and has assets amounting to $750.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
NECKWEAR.
210 dozen A.LL-SILK WINDSOR AND
REEFER SCARFS will be offered at
12^c, 20c and 25c each.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
375 dozen MEN'S FANCY COLORED
BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, large size, will be
offered at 6^c, 7}£c, 10c, 12>£c and 15c
each.
HOSIERY.
125 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SEAM-
LESS COTTON SOCKB, in brown, tan,
gray and mixed colors, will be sold at
10c and 12>4c per pair.
210 dozen SEAMLESS GRAY MERINO
SOCKS will be offered at 15c per pair,
regular price 25c.
OUTING SHIRTS.
150 dozen MEN'B AND BOYS' NEGLIGEE
OVERSHIRTS, in a lar K e variety of
patterns, will be sold at 50c
UNDERWEAR.
85 dozen MEDLICOTT-MORGAN SILK-
FINISHED BALBRIGGAN UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, all Bizes,
at 75c each, garment — half regular
price.
120 dozen FINE AUSTRALIAN LAMB'B-
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, all sizes, at 65c each garment-
regular price $2 each suit.
I/it/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones SWs.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\Y MAGDEBURG, GERMAN 1 y ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as pee blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... 390,511 25
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,058,176 03
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,207,636 84
Cash in Company's Office 6,179 53
Cash in Banks. 339,315 97
Interest - dne and accrued on ail
- ■stocks and Loans 18,636 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion 233,669 23
Due by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,553 48
Total assets $5,088,678 85
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense # $457,032 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less re-
insurance 50 per cent 1,606,719 98
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year ,
reinsurance pro rata 240,065 87
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. 1,113 50
All Other Demands Against the
Company.... 268,219 57
Total liabilities. $2,573,150 98
INCOME. -
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $3,599,321 96
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 49.651 81
Received for interest ana dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
- from all other sources 90.033 94
Received for Rents. 25,493 65
Received for Policy and writing fees. 81,169 43
Received for Gain on Exchange 65,770 26
Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate. 26,526 44
Total income $3.877,967 29
EXPENDITURES."
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $805,225 41 losses of
previous years) $2,631,399 13
Dividends to Stockholders.... 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or Jj." i*
Brokerage 700,033 66
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 226,88
Paid for State, National and local
. taxes * 37,665 16
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 131,550 45
Total expenditures $4,027.528 65
Fire losses incurred
during the year... 52,631,399 12
ROBT. TSCHMARKE, President. •
E. F. MIETHKK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day
of March, 1896.
JULIUS ML Til, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
GI'TTE & FRM, Managers.
303 California St., S. F.
Sifiiß DISEASES
Will ll SWAYNE'S
ABSOLUTELY CUBES. OINTMENT
*m ftopl* appOntlaa of "Bw»rmf» Onmtnr" vitko*
, hit Internal mMlelne, win cur« any mm of Tetter Salt
. Btnfworm. Sore*. KrTtipelu,ta.
■o matter how obstinate or tone ttandiar . B»M by drn ggitta,
ar lest br mail for 60 en. s Bout, SLB Addrew I>2
By«M*B^.fMl^«lriii,r». jAy.Mdr^Srtte&
an^fe^^^^
andd.rectlons for correct forr^ modern wS£ S
mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps, t BRtnsr<*
Pure rW«NG, 635 Clay St., S« J^cScoJcii