VOLUME LXMX. NO. 83.
HUNTINGTON IS
NON-COMMITTAL
Dodges All the Important
Questions Propounded
by Morgan.
CONFRONTED BY FACTS.
Bad Memory of the Southern
Pacific's President As to
Government Reports.
THE CONTRACT AND FINANCE.
Had Instructed Hopkins to Take As
Little Stock in the Company
As Possible.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 20.-Collis
P. Huntington, president of the Southern
Pacific Hailroad, was again before the
Senate Pacific Kailroad Committee this
morning and Senator Morgan continued
h B examination as to the relations between
the Central Pacific and the Contract and
Finance Company. The stock received by
the latter company for building the Central
Pacific, Hnntington said, was sold and
the proceeds were used to pay off tbe debts
of the construction company. He could
not recall the exact amount that remained
after the debts were paid, but thbugbt it I
approximated $2,000,000. Hopkins, his j
partner, had citended to the bookkeeping,
and he could not say what his share in the j
division was. He now owned, he said, :
«JOOO -.iiares of Central Paciric stock and had
never owned a larger block.
Morgan then produced the report of the i
Government Commissioners, Anderson 1
and Littler, and the minority report of J
Governor Pattison and asked Huntington
if he had read them, to which' the latter
replied that possibly he had. •
Morgan then asked Huntington's views
on various statements made in the report
(which he read), but received non-com
mittal replies, Huntington stating that it
was so long ago that he could not be posi
tive.
Regarding the report of Governor Patti
eon, Huntington said he thought from
what he knew o1 it . that it was largely a
copy of the Sam Brannan report.
Morgan expressed the hope that Hunt
ington would read the Pattison report, for
lie wished to examine him on it to see if. ,
that report had misrepresented him (Hunt- |
ingtori^in anyway, i . ,
Huntjngtoa remarked, sarcastically, that
he was glad the Senator was looking out
for his (Huntington's) interests.
Morgan . said he intended the examina
tion should be absolutely impartiaL in
every way. He was not making a per
sonal fight on Huntington, but was try
ing to do his duty as a member of the
committee in getting at the facts in the
case. He then turned bis attention to the
Contract and Finance Company, its or
ganization and the awarding of the con
tracts to that company for building the
various sections af the Central Pacific. !
Huntington said the company was
formed because no one could be found to
t;ike such enormous contracts because of
the uncertainty of the liability involved.
Ihe contract company was formed where
the liability would be known. He had
tried to place stock of the company in
Now York and Boston, and was in the
East when Mr- Hopkins had .telegraphed
him as to how much siwck the firm of
Huntington & Hopkins should take. He
had replied, "Take as little as you can and
as much as you must."
In response to Senator Morgan's ques
• nas to what debts were outstanding
when the Central Pacific was completed,
la of the bonded debt, Huntington
said lie did not know that there were any,
bul there might have been. At the time
of tlie completion of the road, the Con
tract and Finance Company owed consid
erably more than ten millions of dollars.
It had something like fifty millions of the
t-Lares of the Central Pacific, and sold in
the neighborhood of twenty-eight million?.
borne of these shares sold as high as 85
rer cent, and some sold as low as lit.
In the further course of the cross-exami
tion, Huntington said that after the Con
tract and Finance Company got through
the construction of the Central Pacific, it
had some money to divide, but no bonds.
Morgan called attention to the majority
report of the Government directors in
which the statement was made that the
evidence appeared to be conclusive that
the books of Charles Crocker & Co. and of
tne Contract and Finance Company had
been destroyed on the order of Stanford,
Huntington and Crocker. This was denied
by Mr. Huntington. If the Dooks had
been destroyed or ordered to be destroyed,
Huntintrton said he knew nothing of it,
and if they had been destroyed it was be
cause the work of the company had been
completed and finally settled and the
liooks were an incumbrance, useless to
7 he Mine at Vledendorp, Near Johannesburg. That Was Blown to Pieces Yesterday.
[From a photograph brought from the Transvaal by Dr. 0. L. Jones of Oakland.]
The San Francisco Call.
any one. If they had been thus destroyed
they probably went to some junkshop.
In discussing the report of the Govern
ment in the case Huntington said lie
had been accused of almost everything but
piracy on the high seas.
"Possibly," replied Morgan, "that was
because there was no water along the line
of your property."
"Oh. yes, there was plenty of water
there, " said Huntington.
Again, when the cost of the construction
of the road, as set out in the report, was
under discussion, Huntington said the
commission must have got its information
through the Sutro-Examiner combine or
the Kxaminer-Sutro combine, lie did not
know which was the head or which the tail.
Without further incident the hearing
was continued until to-morrow morning.
JiEFOIIE THE HOUSE COMMITTEE.
Director Anderson J-'arom the Sale of
the In ion and Central Vaeiftc.
WASHINGTON, U. C, Feb. 20.— The
House Committee on Pacific Railroads to
day heard E. Klleiy Anderson and \V. J.
Ccombs. Government directors of the
Union Pacific, on matters pertaining to
that road. Mr. Anderson favored the sale
of the Central and Union Pacific together.
He thought the Government would
realize more in tins way than any other.
' The two roads, he said, would form a line
i from the Missouri River to the Pacitic
' Ocean unrivaled for business capacity, and
j so many railroads would be interested in
obtaining such a road that it would bring
a £Oud price.
ile spoke of the difficulty of adjusting
the Pacific roadu question and the elements
1 to be considered in doing so, and said that
■ it was especially the case when the matter
was presented to Congress. He was un
able to see how any funding bill could be
prepared which would suit the House. No
such bill could be formed giving the
: Government a first lien on the Union
Pacific which the road could carry into
effect, even at a rate of interest as low as 2
per cent.
Mr. Coombs Tavored havinrr the Govern
ment foreclose its liens on the Union and
Central Pacific roads and sell them at
auction. If this was done, those interested
, would contest ior their rights. The Union
| and Central Pacific, the Kansas Pacific,
the New York Centra], Pennsylvania,
Southern Pacific and other big roads would
! all bid for the property. He did not think
i that the House would agree to any bill
extending the debt of the roads. The
! country could really afford to give the
i roads away; but to whom was it to give
| them?
AS TO HUXTIXGTOX'S WEALTH.
Wag Hot Worth a Million When He Jiegan
Jin ilroadhiy.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 20.— The
statement of C. P. Huntington, as pub
lished in The Call yesterday, ha3 created
considerable comment In this city, es
i pecialiy that answer to Senator Morgan's
question in which Huntington declares
that at the time when lie commenced rail
roading he was worth in the neighborhood
of $1,000,000. Diligent inquiry among old
were intimately connected with him in
business and social relations utterly fail to
support this declaration of C. P. Hunting
ton. W. E. Strong, who for years was one
of the substantial business men of this
locality, in answer to a question on the
! subject by a Call representative, said:
"I was well acquainted with the firm of
Huntington & Hopkins and would con
sider that $100,000 would then have more
than covered Huntmeton's fortune. Dur
ing the year of 1862, or rather at the time
he entered into railroading, I well remem
ber that the first issue of railroad stock
was almost ali purchased in small lots by
numerous subscribers. There were no
larce stockholders for the very pood reason
that there were no very large moneyed
men in Sacramento at that time; that ia to
say, I do not believe that there was a sin
gle person in this City in 1862 that was
worth half a million, and 1 do not think
that there were six persons in the State
that were worth one million. Most cer
tainly Huntington was not one of them."
Another gentleman, in speaking of tne
subject, said: "For many years I was an
intimate friend of Huntington, and I am
thoroughly conversant with the whole in
side business of the starting of the scheme
looking to railway connection with the
East. After the articles of incorporation
had been tiled in the Secretary of State's
office, a large number of business men of
Sacramento were induced to purchase
stock for the purpose of starting the road
from this City and carrying it to New
castle, a distance of some thirty miles.
"This was essential, as the subsidies
offered both by the counties and the Gov
ernment of the United States could not be
handled by the promoters of the enter
prise until at least this amount of roadbed
had been completed.
"There was not one of the original stock
holders that had subscribed more than
115,000 at this time, the intention being to
complete the road with the subsidies
granted. For a time they were all out of
pocket, but as soon as they began handling
the subsidies they made money hand over
fist. Without doubt they reinvested a
large amount of their profits. This was
necessary for the purpose of obtaining the
required rolling stock, etc.. for the opera
tion of the road. If lam not mistaken, and
1 don't think I am, of all the counties
which bonded themselves for the promo
tion of this enterprise, Placer County was
the only one that received par value for itti
bonds, all the other counties selling at 75
cents on the dollar. Placer could have
sold at a premium if it had only been
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
Huntingdon— l think I was worth about a million dollars when I
commenced railroading.
His Familiar Spirit— Hush! Collis; that's too much.
Ekfiown*»"at"»«<he-' ■* time that Jim Fisfc
wanted the bonds badly, but the knowledge
never reached the ears of the parties hav
ing the negotiation of these securities
until they had been all taken up by those
who purchased them.
"I am not in a position to state what
Huntington's wealth was at this time, but
I am positive that he was by no means a
millionaire, nor should I say that he even
approached to one. He was considered to
be a prosperous member of a lirm conduct
ing a good business. During the years of
1861 to 18G2 there were not six millionaires
in all California, and I will say that in my
opinion C. P. Huntington was not one of
them. 1 '
Many others of the oldest business men
of this city make the same statement,
the majority seem loth to allow their
names to be used for publication, for they
ail unite in declaring that before Hunting
ton became mixed up in railroading and
before the demon greed gained possession
of him he was a warm friend.
An examination of the original articles
of incorporation on file in the office of the
Secretary of State shows that Huntington
is accredited with having subscribed for
150 shares of stock at a par value of $100
each, and by referring to the assessment
rolls of Sacramento County for 1861 it is
found that C. P. Huntington was assessed
for $8530 worth of real estate and $150
worth of personal property.
While the firm of Huntington <t Hop
kins was paying takes on but $10,705 worth
of property in all, it is stated that in 1862
Huntington filed a remonstrance against
being assessed for so large an amount on
personal property, alleging, it is claimed,
that he was a comparatively poor man.
Tnat this is true seems to be be-no out by
the fact that the following year his assess
ment was greatly reduced, as he was' only
assessed in the sum of $7125, although an
additional piece of real estate is accredited
to him, and the amount of hia personal
property was listed at but $100, the firm
being assessed at $34,115 in all.
Still old residents to whom these fig
ures have been submitted claim that he
was certainly worth more than these
values at that time, and must have been
greatly favored by the Assessor, yet dili
gent search through the records of the
assessment list of the county and city
property, which during these years were
combined, fails to show that he was the
possessor of any other real estate or other
property of any kind.
PRESENTED JiY MR. TRA.CY.
Mr*. Jt'oltz to lie Admitted to the Xeic
Tork liar.
NEW YORK, N. Y,, Feb. 20.— General
Benjamin F. Tracy, ex-Secretary of the
Navy, presented Mrs. Clara Foltz to-day
to the Appellate division of the Supreme
Court for admission to the New York bar.
Mrs. Foltz has been a lawyer practicing
in California since 1879, and* is prominent
in legal and social circles in San Francisco.
Presiding Justice Van Brunt told Gen
eral Tracy to submit the papers, and if
they were regular the motion would be
granted.
McDade bupreme I'retident.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 20.— The delegates
to the Supreme Council of the Young
Men's Institute are now in session. The
officers elected are: Supreme chaplain.
Archbishop Riordan of California; su
preme president, J. J. McDade of Cali
fornia; supreme first vice-president,
Senator Corcoran of Ohio; supreme sec
ond vice-president, J. B. Costello of
Kansas; supreme secretary, F. D. Lyon of
Kentucky; supreme treasurer, W. E. Ken
ivy of Ohio; supreme directora — P. B.
O'Brien of Illinois, F. J. Muraaky of Cali
fornia, F. J. Kierce of California P. Col
lier of Indiana, H. W. Rives of Kentucky,
L. Gaynor of Pennsylvania, F. E. Mc-
Entepe of Ohio, and Joon P. McEntee of
Oreiion.
BELAY MAY
DEFEAT GOEBEL.
That Is Why the Lobbyists
Are Fighting for
Time.
THE AUTHOR CONFIDENT
Certain That the Bill to Repeal
the Southern Pacific Charter
Will Pass.
— — — — — #
MAJOR HAYS WILL BE BEATEN.
One Precedent to Show That He Is
Prematurely Confident of Defeat
ing the Measure.
FRANKFORT, Kv., Feb. 20.— The bill
to repeal the Southern Pacific charter is
the next measure of importance before the
State Senate, and it is possible the bill may
be reached to-morrow. The Senate will
adjourn after the ballot at 12 o'clock until
Monday out of respect to the death of
Judge Grace of the Court of Appeals, and
should the bill be reached before the noon
hour to-morrow it will be held open for de
bate during the next week. Senator (joebel
said to The Call correspondent to-night:
"The bill may come up at any time, but
I do not expect it to be reached until next
week. The opposition is putting up a
strong fight to defeat the bill, but I feel
sure the measure will pass on aye and no
vote. I would have called it up from the'
orders of the day for action before this
time, but this would have to be done with
out objection, and they have resisted
every move that has been made so far,
hence I knew my efforts would be fruit
less. We have ordered evening sessions to
consider these biils and this will give us
ample time and be valuable aid in hasten
ing tbe measure to a passage."
Chairman Freeman, of the House Cor
poration Gommittee, which has before it
the consideration of tbe duplicate of the
Goebel bill, called a meeting of his com
mittee this evening. There was no quorum
and nothing was done. He said ne had
received notice from Senator Goebel and
others that they would appear before his
committee and that the bill would not be
reported or brought up until they were
ready to appear. The fight promises to be
the liveliest yet before tne Legislature, but
friends of the measure are confident of tbe
passage of the bill and say the only mode
to defeat it is by delay.
The expectation that the Goebel repeal
bill would be reached in the Senate this
morning brought quite a crowd into the
lobby and the galleries, and some, more at
home and less awed by the sanctity of the
Chamber, crowded into the cozy seats
under the gallery.
Both sides were ready and wore or
seemed to wear an air of confidence. Sen
ators Goebel, Tayior, McChord, Jones,
Lander, Flippiu and others, avowed advo
cates of the bill, were early* on" band and
put in their time before the regular busi
ness began in talking on the subject with
those members who were not so strong in
favor of the measure or were inclined to be
indifferent.
The others were not idle, either, but they
did not seem so confident of success as
Major Hays' assertion yesterday that they
would "beat the bill and beat it badly,
too," would justify. Weissinger was, as
unual, a little late, considering that he in
tended to "fight over every inch of the
ground" against the bill. He appeared
rather preoccupied and was not as cordial
in his greeting to Major Hays as their
close fellowship on this question mi^ht
seem to demand.
Tbe relations between the two worthies
in regard to their respective positions on
the Senatorial race are somewhat strained
and likely to continue so, as Weissinger
rather indorses the comments of the Louis
ville dailies on the major's unritness to
represent any constituency whatever. He
has somewhat the advantage of the major
in this, as he has never been a representa
tive before and consequently has no record
open to attack.
Their coolness helps the cause of repeal.
Hays has already discounted the best
effects that his efforts can produce, and
Weissinger in his most heated burst is not
going to make the climate of the Senate
chamber uncomfortably warm. Gcebel
alone can give those two three hours' start
and take a triumphant vote within half
an hour after they yield him the floor, to
sny nothing of what assistance his col
leagues will render.
As for Senator McChord he is by birth
and education an anti-monopolist. His
first appearance in Kentucky politics was
in a contest against the Louisville and
Nashville Railroad candidate in his
county, and he has never since gone over
to the enemy. He has a personal interest
in the passage of the Goebel bill and will
put forth his best efforts in its behalf. When
bis bill providing for the enlargement
of the powers of the Railroad Commission
was up the other day the Hunttngton
men joined forces with the Louisville and
Nashville in making an open fight against
it, and the Washington County boy will
keep up the fi^ht until this bill becomes a
law, and to their sorrow, too, as he is a
fighter and an able one in whatever way
you take him.
With Goebel and McChord leading, and
actively backed by the others, Major Hays
will quite forget, when the vote is taken,
just what figure he did put the majority
for his side at. Goeble's strength and his
generalship have been evidenced on more
than one occasion during this session, but
in nothing more than the passage of his
foreign railroad bill by a vote of 25 to 7.
This bill which aimed to bring the foreign
corporations within the junsaiction of the
State courts was, it is said, decided upon
after a study of the situation on the Pa
cific Coast as shown in the printed matter
sent to Frankfort. The roads affected by
it were the Cincinuatti Southern, and
Huntington's two divisions, the Chesapeake
and Ohio and the Cliesapeakf, Ohio
and Southwestern. A strong fight was
made against it by Mr. Weissinger. who
called for the yeas and nays oh every mo
tion. Goebel and Bronston made strong
speeches for it. the latter charging that
Weissinger opposed the bill because he
hoped to force the citizens of the State to
go to tbe United States court at Louis
ville to reach these foreign corporations.
The fight on this bill pretty well indi
cates the triumph of the repeal bill and
promises that Bronston will lend his sup
port to the latter instead of fighting it.
The presence on the tloor to-day of
Judge R. H. Thompson of the Louisville
Police Court, wbu for a lone time lived in
California, led some to think that he was
here to lend his aid to Echols and Duke
against the repeal bill, as he is very inti
mate and friendly with both of them. buL
he was here soleiy and entirely in the in
terest of the House of Reform bill. He is
too patriotic to be for the Southern Pacific
Company.
There are plenty of others, though,
Huntington's regular and conscripted
forces and the Louisville and Nashville
Hessians, but their Yorktown is at liana
and, as far as the Senate is concerned, the
repeal bill triumphs.
CLARA BAXTOX's MISSIOX.
A'ot Hindered in l>intributing Aid to
Armenians.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 20.— The Na
tional Armenian relief committee to-day
received the following cable message from
Miss Clara Barton:
"Freest entrance granted. Assistants
leave for Harpoot, Aleppo ana other prov
inces immediately. Must draw funds
now."
In response to this the committee to-day
sent $25,000 by table to Constantinople and
will send forward other sums immediately.
The committee makes the following an
nouncement: "Large amounts are urg
ently required. It is known that many
have delayed giving owing to uncertainty
of funds reaching the sufferers. No further
doubt should be felt, but funds should be
sent at once to Brown Bros. & Co., 59 Wall
street, New York. "
KILLED lll.lt TWO CHILD REX.
Murdtrout Ada of an Insane Mother at
Aetr York.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 20.— Mrs.
George Kelso of 148 West Ninety-eighth
street this afternoon killed her two chil
dren, Estelle, 4},£ years of ago, and Rad
ford, 2)/j years, by shooting them with a
revolver, and then attempted suicide by
cutting an artery in her left forearm. Sne
was temporarily insane at the time. A
physician attended the woman and she
was placed under arrest.
WAS SLOWLY STRANGLED
Bungling Execution of the Mur
derer, James Fitzgerald,
at St. Louis.
Twice Dash«d From the Gallows, the
First Time to Fall Bleeding
and Mangled.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 20.— James Fitz
gerald was slowly strangled to death this
morning in the County Jail by a bungling
executioner and his assistants.
The rope broke, anil Fitzgerald was
twice clashed from the gallows, the first
time to fall crushed and bleeding, but
still conscious, on the stone Moor of the
prison. Until the horritied doctors and
baiHffs could summon nerTe to approach
the man he lay struggling helplessly be
neath the gallows, his hands and feet
bound, his face covered by the black cap
and his body entangled in the rope
fastened about his neck.
When the black cap was torn from his
face blood shot from his mouth, nose and
eyes, bespattering the bailiffs and doctors
who pressed around him. Despite the
awfjl agony the law's victim suffered he
retained consciousness and was plied with
stimulants until he realized fully the hor
ror of his fate. He was then removed to
the morgue, where stimulants were again
applied. By the time a new rope had been
obtained Fitzgerald had as clear a con
sciousness of the terrible ordeal he had
undergone and awaited him as any man
who had witnessed the dreadful scene.
At 11 o'clock— forty minutes after the
trap had fallen the lirst time — he was
again led to the scaffold. Sick and trem
bling, but cour igeous, he once more sub
mitted to the binding, and at 11:02 the
trap again sank beneath him, this time
carrying him to death.
Fitzgerald's crime was the murder of
his sweetheart, Annie Naissens, the night
of November 24, 1393.
HEAVY THE LOSS OF LIFE
At Least One Hundred Persons
Perished in the Viedcndorp
Explosion.
Much More Damage Done in the
Disaster Than Was at First
Supposed.
JOHANNESBURG. South Africa, Feb.
20. — The explosion of dynamite which
occured at Viedendorp, a suburb of the
city, last evening, was more disastrous
than was at first believed. Eight railway
cars loaded with dynamite were being
switched from one track 10 another when
the explosion took place.
At the spot where the dynamite exploded
a hole thirty feet deep was made in the
ground, and every house within half a mile
was razed to the ground.
Forty bodies have been found, and the
search is only just beginning.
Two hundred injured persons have been
taken to the hospitals, where several of
them have died. Comparatively few wnite
persons were killed. The latest estimate
places the number of killed at over 100.
Most of the victims were poor Boers.
A View of Viedendorp, Near Johannesburg, Where Yesterday's Explosion Occurred.
[From a photograph brought from the Transvaal by Dr. 0. L. Jones of Oakland.]
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARE OFF FOR
THE RINGSIDE
Departure of the Pugilists
and Spectators at
Midnight.
BUT WILL THEY FIGHT?
Considerable Guessing as to
Where the Battle Is to
Take Place.
MAHER AND FITZ BOTH READY
It Is Believed the Special Train Will
Land the Sports Somewhere
in Mexico.
EL PASO. Tex., Feb. 20.-Barring in
terference from powers earthly or higher
Fitzsimmons and Maher will settle the
question of their superiority in the prize
ring as soon after sunrise to-morrow
morning as the atmospherical conditions
are favorable to the operation of the
kinetoscope. At midnight the party is en
route to the battle-ground, the departure
having been made over the Southern
Pacific Road shortly after 10 o'clock.
There were rot a dozen men in the
entire eight coachloads, however, who
Knew just where they were, going to bring
up. Every other man had a different tip
and each was positive that his was the
only sitnon pure article. There were sur
face indications, however, that the first
destination was Del Rio, which is 4">.l
miles distant from this city. Across the
Rio Grande del Norte the Mexicau terri
tory is in the State of Coahuila and out
side of the jurisdiction of Governor
Ahumada.
The nearest military post is Porfirio Diaz,
seventy-five miles distant. For miles
around the country is wild and mountain
ous, while the hills contain a score of level
plateaus that would make an ideal spot for
the encounter. Those closest to the pro
moters believe that this is the destination,
but there are others who claim to have
authentic information that the intention is
to run to Langley, a station forty miles
this side, and then double back to Fort
Hancock, fifty- three miles from here,
where the Mexican frontier is reached in a
walk of a mile and a quarter.
Color is given to this theory by a remark
of one of the managers to the effect that,
while it would take seven to twelve hours
to reach the battle-ground, the return
might be made in two, if the engineer was
so disposed.
The United Press learns that the Mexi
can authorities were advised several days
since that the ring was in progress of erec
tion near Langtry and that the kmeto
scope apparatus was on the ground. The
mountainous nature of the country, how
ever, makes the battleground inaccessibie
to Mexican troops unless they cross the
American side at Eagle Pass, and to do
this it would be necessary to obtain a per
mit from the War Department. It is not
known here whether such permit has been
applied for or granted.
All that is definitely known at this writ
ing is that the party is off to Stuart's "safe
ground" and that the principals are fit
and prim for the ring. Thi wires to-mor
row will take up the thread of the story,
whether the strands be floating in oid
Mexico or New Mexico, in Texas or in
Arizona.
The announcement that definite infor
mation concerning the departure would be
given out at 5 o'clock attracted a large
crowd 'to headquarters.
There were Mexicans whose appearance
designated them as being of very high and
very low degree; well-dressed American
sports and a fnnse of brawny cattlemen,
colored brethren and hangers-out at the
local saloons and gambling-houses. At
least a third' of the throng looked as
though it had not seen the price of a ticket
to the ringside for many a long day.
Perhaps Dan Stuart was of the same
opinion, for after surveying with a curl of
his lip the aggregation that had responded
to his call he whispered to one of his
associates and left the room. Five minutes
later when the office-boy posted the follow-
I ing on the plate glass windows there was a
break for the open :
NOTICE.
Those intending to witness the Maher-Fitz
simmons contest .will be at the office at 9:40
to-night. The railroad tickets will coat not
over $12 lor the round trip.
W. K. Wheelock.
There were snorts and erunts and howls
of disapprobation when the closing para
graph was read aloud, and a great many
of the crowd freely gave the opinion that
the affair had been got up solely for the
benefit of bloated bondholders and mil
lionaires.
Just before the train time Fitzsimmons
and Julian were brought to Dan Smart's
office in a carriage. Julian, on behalf of
Fitzsimmons, demanded that the purae be2
converted into'money, to be paid at the
ringside. He insisted that no checks
would be fought for or accepted by Fitz
simraons. To this Stuart agreed. Stake
holder O'Rourke was hunted up and pro
duced the checks. Carriages were sent
out for the cashiers of the banks, and
when they appeared at their respective
institutions the vaults were opened snd
$10,000 in new one hundreds counted out,
$6000 from the State Bank and $4000 from
the First National.
The entire pile was turned over io Ref
eree George Siler, who wrote a note to Ju
lian stating that he would produce it at
the ringside. Later Julian demanded to
tee it before the train pulled out and was
gratified.
Shortly after 9 o'clock the crowd of in-
, tending participants began to line up
at headquarters. Bat Masterson was one
of the first to put in an aupearance. With
him was Parson Davies and Joe Vendig.
Then came Jim Phillips, Jim Conroy, Frank
Edwards, Thomas Vance and Ted Foley of
New York; M. F. McLane.-Dan Daffy,
Tom Byrnes, Frank Webber, John
Corbett, William Hock, John Wade,
Robert Dempster aud Fred Ruley, Chi
cago; Tom O'Kourke, Bostpn; Colonel
Dick Plunkett, Oklahoma; W. J. Burk,
J. D. Marshall, Martin and James
.lovce, J. O. Harpenheia, Pittsburg; A. G.
Weidman, Baltimore; Charles nolds
and Reddy Gallagher, Denver; John No
lan, Louisville; Tom Perry, Tucson;
Charles Adams and J. F. Furlong, St.
Louis; Charles Reynolds, Detroit; Fred
Bronson and Robert Turner, Minneapolis ;
Edward P.yers, Toledo; Jim Brown,
Dallas; Louis Zimmer, Cleveland; John
Cohen, San Francisco.
There were perhaps 250 sports from out
side the city, while the local fraternity was
represented by about a tifth of that num
qer. As each man received his pasteboard
the rendezvous for the departure was
given him in an undertone.
Maher drove by at 9:30 with a big crowd
of friends in his rear. He was given a
cheer as he passed the office.
Maher wiil have in his corner to-mor
row Jim Hall, Buck Connelly, PeteLow
rey, Jack Quinn and Peter Byrnes, while !
Parson Davies will act as his time-keeper. i
Fitzsimmons will have behind him Mar- j
tin Julian, Jack Everhart, Jack Stelzener j
and Jack McCoy, while Hugh Kane will j
probably act as ti,me-keeper. Bat Master-
Bon will officiate as master of ceremonies, i
• George Siler as referee and Lou Houseman
a? ofiicial time-keeper. ;*-\i , '
Governor Thornton of New. Mexico ar
rived in the city this afternoon and was
closeted for an hour with one of his rep
resentatives, who has been under cover in
town for ten days. Subsequently, how
ever, the Governor said that his visit had i
no relation to the fight, but was connected !
with the Fountain murder and the Las
Cruces political war. He added t:iat he I
was satisfied that in view of the passage
of the Catron bill no attempt would be
made to pull off the fight on ground under
Federal jurisdiction. Adjutant-General
Mabry had his three squads of Rangers
rounded up at the Pieraon Hotel at .-•
o'clock.
Peter Maher arrived from Las Cruces at
noon to-day, accompanied by Dan Quinn,
Jim Hall, Peter Lowrey and Jerry Mar
shall. The party was quickly driven to
Maher's rooms, where Dr. White awaited
their arrival. He examined Maher's eyes
and declared they were in good condition
and the vision was perfect. From a care
ful examination it seems that Connelly's \
upprenension of Maher's condition was a
trifle pessimistic. The Irish lad certainly
never looked better fit to fight and appar- \
ently is stronger and harder by odds than i
when he fought Steve O'Donnell. His '
skin is bronzed and his muscles as strong j
as knotted ropes. His eyes are still weak |
and show traces of the soreness caused by !
the alkali dust. Maher said to the United
Press representative to-night:
"I never talk much, but I wish to say to '
my friends that I am in first-rate condition '
and am reaay to enter the ring at any j
minute. I understand that Fitsimmons I
characterized me as a cur a lew days ago.
He would never have dared to taik that
way if I was present. Wait till I get a j
crack or two at him to-morrow, and he |
will see who is a cur. He is a great, big i
bluffer, but bluffs won't go in our argu- j
ment. My friends need have no fear of <
the result."
The first suspicion of betting was noticed
to-day. Only a few thousand dollars we/e j
wagered, and the odds were in favor of j
Fitzsimmons. Most of the money ..was }
placed at 100 to 75, and that on the Austral- I
ian. The Maher crowd appears to have i
plenty of money, but will wait to bet at i
the ringside, in the hope of securing better
odds. '
■ The railroad people were entirely uncer
tain up to the last moment whether to run
the train in two sections, but finally" sent
it off in one with a train of ten cars, in
clnding four Pullman and two tourists, !
pulled by a heavy freight engine. A crowd
of 1000 people were at the depot to see the j
pilgrims off. Most of them carried baskets
loaded with food for a two days' stay, as •
Langtry station is 353 miles down the river I
in a desolate country not overburdened !
with lunchinc privileges.
Adjutant-General Mabry, with twenty
Rangers armed with Winchesters and six- :
Bhboters, went along with the. "pugs," j
General Mabry stating that he and his j
men would camp right with the prize
fighters until they were through. A force
of sixteen Rangers is left in El Paso under !
Sergeant Sullivan to guard the town as j
eome fears were expressed lest the toughs !
left in town might attempt robberies.
The train is due at Langtry at 1:32 v p. m.
to-morrow and the westbound train is due
at 5:37 o'clock, which will give ampletime
in which to pull off the right on Mexican
poil. All the tickets read to Langtry, one
fare, $11 65 being charged for the round
trip.
The kinetoscone and ring fixtures
reached the spot ten days ago and a tele
gram to General Mabry this evening from |
a Rancer sent to Langtry stated the fixtures !
were well up over the river. The crowd '
gets back Saturday morning.
El Paso at midnight is a dead, quiet
town, a wonderful contrast with the crowds
of three hours ago. There has been no '
disorder or trouble to-night of any kind.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. James J. Cor
bett, who is playing an engagement in
this city, this afternoon sent two tele
grams to El Paso. It will be noticed that
Corbett sijjns himself "Champion of the
world." The dispatch fo Fitzsimraons
reads:
If you win to-morrow, show the American
public that jou are not afraid to tight me. I I
will meet you in Chicago any 'lay between
March 1 and G, and >\i;i make tt match for
money or for purse, the iipht to take place
anywhere on earth. You will never be consid
ered champion until you put me out of the
way. I will expect an answer to this if you
win. James J. Corbett,
Champion of the World.
The. following was sent to Maher :
If von beat Fltzsimmons show tbe world you
mean what you say— that you will not take the
championship without fighting for ■ it. j I will
meet you here in Chicago any day between
March 1 and.ti and will make a. 'match for.
money or simply for a purse, the fight to take
t'luce any wnero on earth. Now. Peter, come on
here like a n:an and we will have do trouble
aßreeing to terms. Hopingr that you beat that
big coward, I am, yours truly.
James J. Cobbett, Champion of the World.
WOULD RECOGNIZE
THE CUBANS.
Senator Morgan Makes a
Strong Plea for the
Patriots.
DEFIANCE IS BREATHED.
Spain Declared to Be Awaiting
a Chance to Fight the
United States.
OPPRESSION OF THE NATIVES.
Islanders Whose Struggle for Free
dom Demands the Sympathy
of This Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.-For
three hours and a half to-day the Senate
was engaged In a debate on the resolution
for the recognition of the belligerent rights
of the Cuban insurgents and the alterna
tive resolution for the recognition of Cuban
independence. There was a very large
attendance of Senators and the galleries
were filled by an interested and sometimes
excited assemblage of men and women.
The debate was opened by Senator Call
(D. ) of Florida, and continued oy Cameron
(R.) of Pennsylvania. In a warm speech
Cameron declared that the question was
no longer one of belligerency, but one of
independence. He wanted the Govern
ment to act. The policy which he advo
cated was, he asserted, the policy of the
Republican party and of the American
people.
He was followed by Senators Lodge (R.)
of Massachusetts and Morgan (D.) of Ala
bama. Morgan was the author of the con
current resolution reported from the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations. Each speech
in succession seemed to outstrip the other
in patriotic fervor and in devotion to the
Cuban cause, and some of the speeches at
tracted applause from thegaileries.
Morgan opened on very conservative
lines, but as he progressed and as he was
drawn out by the inquiries of other Sena
tors he seemed to give full scope to his real
convictions and desires and expressed him
self in no doubtful or hesitating language
in favor of taking the most advanced posi
tion. He declared his belref that Spain
would not release her hold upon the throat
of Cuba, and that she wouid rather lose
the island as the result of war with the
United States than yield it for a price or
lose it through the success of the insur
gents. At one point in his speech he ex
claimed passionately that in a certain
event it was "our duty to draw the sword, j
lay it on the table and say to Spain, 'If
you want to take it up, tate it up.' "
This exclamation drew applause from
the galleries. Morgan was not able to fin
ish his speech, but will continue at the ses
sion of Monday next, the Senate adjourn
ing at 5 :30 until Saturday, when the Presi
dent pro tem. (Frye) is to read Washing
ton's farewell address.
A joint resolution on the subject of im
provements in the harbor of Manitowoc,
Wis., was agreed to and also a joint reso
lution in reference to the Sacramento
River.
Squire (R.) of "Washington reported from
the Committee on Commerce, with amend
ments, a bill introduced by himself re
quiring officers and engineers on Ameri
can merchant ships to be American citi
zens.
A memorial of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association of California and
of the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco, on the subject of manufac
tures in Japan, was presented by Morgan
and was referred to the Committee • on
Manufactures.
Hill (D.) of New York offered a resolu
tion, which was agreed to, instructing the
Judiciary Committee to inquire and report
whether in certain cases resolutions
ought to be joint resolutions and whether
concurrent resolutions generally are re
quired to be submitted to the President of
the United States.
A bill regulating marriage in the Dis
trict of Columbia was taken up, amended
and passed.
On motion of Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire the resolutions offered yester
day by Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts in re
lation to the recent issue of bonds went
over until Monday next.
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy to loan or
give condemned ordnance, guns and can
non balls to soldiers' monument associa
tions and Grand Army posts was taken
from the calendar and passed.
At 2:10 the Senate took ud Morgan's
concurrent resolution declaring that in
the opinion of Congress a condition of
public war exists between the Government
of Spain and the Government proclaimed
and for some time maintained by force of
arms by the people of Cuba, and that the
United States of America should maintain
a strict neutrality between the contending
powers, according to each all the rights of
belligerents in the ports and territory of
the United Sattes.
Cameron (R.) of Pennsylvania offered a
substitute for the concurrent resolution in
these words:
'•That the President is hereby requested
to interpose his friendly offices with the
Spanish Government for the recognition of
the independence of CuDa."
Call (D.) of Florida addressed the Senate.
Cameron followed Call in a written
speech, in which he declared that the
question was no longer one of belligerency
but one of independence. He wanted the
Government to act. The policy which he
advocated was the policy of the Republican
party and ot the American people.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts spoke for
twenty minutes In advocacy of Cuban
independence. His speech closed with
these words: "The United States, stand
ing as they do for humanity and civiliza
tion, should exercise every influence to
put a stop to this war now raging in Cuba
and to give to that island once more peace,
liberty and security."
At the conclusion of Lodge's remarks
Morgan (D.) of Alabama, who had re
ported the resolution from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, addressed the
Senate.
The occasion, he said, was one that re
quired the utmost degree of circumspec
tion. Great events might depend upon
the action of the Senate. The Senate
could not avoid, or evade, or run away
from the duties incumbent upon it. He
hoped it would be perfectly understood
thai the Commute on Foreign Relations
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 18iM5.
had not been animated in the slightest de
gree by any sense of wrong or injustice
done by the Spanish Government to the
Government of the United States, now or
heretofore. There was nothing in its ac
tions which partook in the slightest de
gree of retaliation. The United States had
nothing to retaliate for. The action of the
Committee on Foreign Relations was con
trolled entirely by the consideration of
what was due to the American Govern
ment and people under the facts of the pe
culiar situation which they held to the
Government and people of Cuba. The
Senate could advance with absolute confi
dence to the ground that the war in Cuba
was a public war.
It was the duty of Spain to take a con
cession in favor of the belligerents to the
effect that the people who are in arms
against it, by regular enlistment, are sol
diers, and should have the treatment of
soldiers.
If Spain should do such a ting as that,
that would be a recognition by the sover
eign of belligerent rights of those people,
who are struggling for their independence,
and from that point of view there would
be no occasion, certainly no necessity for
the Government of the United States or
for any other Government to interfere for
the purpose of securing to the soldiers of
the insurgent army the" advantages of
civil warfare. Spain had not done this;
Spain has not intenaed to do it; Spain
filled the prison at Ceuta, Africa, with per
sons captured from the army of the
rebels; she filled Moro Castle and Porto
Cubano to repletion with victims from the
insurgent army; she inflicted on them
cruel penalties-. He would say to Spain:
"You have long enough lacerated these
people. Now tliey are entitled to belli
gerent rights and we intend, so far as we
are concerned, to give them that recogni
tion by expressing our opinion that they
are* so entitled." And when we had given
that recognition we intended to be bound
by our own laws and by the international
law, the law of the nations of the earth,
to maintain perfect neutrality between
these two belligerents.
Morgan, continuing, said that if Spain
took offense where none was intended it
was better that the United States ;hoiUd
incur the risk of that offense rather than
by its attitude commit an offense against
the God of nations and against the human
family by its silence and weakness in the
presence of wrong.
He would say to Spain, "We are forced
to take an attitude which you have forced
upon us, and we should take that attitude
which is becoming a great Republic and
to an honest and courageous people, and,
having taken that attitude, if you choose
to embroil us on an occasion of this kind
we simply cannot help it."
In the further course of his remarks
Morgan referred to the republic of Cuba
as b'ing a Moses in the bulrushes, and
predicted that after a while the world j
would be blessed by the presence of that
new republic.
Platt (R.) of Connecticut asked Morgan
whether he understood that the passage of
the concurrent resolution without the
sanction of the President amounted to
anything or whether it amounted to a
recognition of belligerent rights.
Morgan— l think that it does. Ido not
deny the delicacy of that question nor do
I deny the fact that it has never been
settled by a statute of the L'nited States.
That is a constitutional question and the
measure of the rights of Congress and of
the President of the United States in rela
tion to it is found only in the constitution.
But the proper interpretation of the rule
is not necessarily to be determined now be
cause the form of the pending resolution
is not such as to invoke the question.
Nevertheless, if it be necessary or if the
Senate desires to adopt r. resolution either
for the recognition of belligerent rights or
for the independence of Cuba we wouid
necessarily have to give consideration to
the question whether a concurrent vote of
the two houses would be equivalent to a
full recognition, or whether the President
of the United States must participate in it
before it becomes a full recognition.
Hale — Does the Senator have any doubt
that the passage of a resolution recogniz
ing the independence of that assumed
republic would result immediately in a
suspension of friendly diplomatic relations
and the withdrawal of the Spanish Minis
ter and the possibility of being involved
in hostilities? Does not the Senator thi nk
that such a resolution would be a determi
native act in the direction of a probable
war?
Morgan— l remarked in the opening of
my speech that that question bad grown
upon us. That we had approached it
reluctantly because of its magnitude and
because of the ultimate consequences that
might follow it. I think I may take the
liberty of saying to the Senate what I said
to the Committee on Foreign Relations
when the matter came up. Here was that
great mass of petitions and memorials, to
which we had to make some answer. We
had either to report them back adversely
and ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the question, or else we
had to do something in the direction of
the recognition of belligerent rights of the
Cubans. How far we should go was of
course a matter of after consideration.
Platt — The question which I wish to
have answered is whether the passage of
this resolution by the two houses, witnout
the action of the Executive, amounts to
according belligerent rights to the in
surgents or patriot? of Cuba?
Morgan — I cannot leave the floor with
out answering the questions propounded
by the honorable Senators. I said to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and I
repeat it now, that I believe Spain would
be to-day obliged to us for giving her a
cause for war in relation to' Cuba. Spain
knows just as well as the rest of the world
that the fetters with which she has bound
Cuba since the island was discovered by
Columbus have corroded until they are
rusting off the limbs of the people. These
shackles have become disreputable, even in
the contemplation of Spain herself. But
her pride causes her to hold Cuba by
the throat and throttle her. She cannot
consent to lift her bloody hands from the
neck of her victim or to accord to her the
rights of war, crystallized and sanctified
in the name of constitutional liberty. Bhe
cannot afford to do it. She is not going to
doit. Ana yet she cannot hold Cuba. If
this resolution does not free the island
from the grip of Spain, the next one will,
or the next one after that. And Cuba will
come forward amid the pseans of the na
tions, free, sovereign and independent.
Spain knows and feela it. But she would
rather lose Cuba at the point of the sword
in con^ct with the United States than
have us pay for it or have the Cubarl3
achieve their independence. She would
thank us to take it at tne point of the
sworrt. And" that is why I say that I be
lieve that any step in that direction would
only anticipate the result.
Further on in his remarJcs Morgan ex
claimed passionately that in the event
which he was then discussing "it is our
duty to draw the sword, lay it on the table
and say to Spain, 'If you want to take it
up, take it up.' "
A colloquy ensued between Platt and
Morgan on the former's suggestion of a
doubt whether the action of the two
houses alone could change to any extent
the relations of the United States Govern
ment with other Governments.
Chandler (It.) of New Hampshire broke
into the discussion by remarking that the
questions were important, but tedious.
He suggested the passage of a concurrent
resolution declaring it to be the sense of
Congress that the Cubans Lave just cause
for revolution ; that it was the universal
sentiment of the United States, and that
Concress hoped Ihe Cubans would achieve
their independence. After passing that
resolution the discussion might go on
while the people of Cuba were achieving
their independence without getting, he
was sorry to say, much help from the
United States.
"So far as I am concerned," said Mor
gan, "you may pass such a resolution
now."
"I ask unanimous consent to have it
voted on at this time," said Chandler.
Gray (D.) of Delaware, objected.
After some further colloquy the Senate,
at 5:30 o'clock, adjourned until Saturday
nest.
BA.TTLJES WITH THE SFAXISH.
Cuban Insurgents Hold Their Own in
Several En gagetnents.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 20.-*An official
report issued to-day states that Capfain-
General Weyler, learning that the insur
gents intended to make an attack on
Jaruco, an important town on the railroad
midway between Havana and Matanzas,
sent a body of troops from this city at 4
o'clock yesterday morning to protect the
town. His measures to meet the rebels
were, however, fruitless, for the attacking
party, which was made up of men from
the combined bands of Gomez and Maceo,
moved so rapidly that by the time the
troops arrived the rebels had done their
work and disappeared.
They attacked the town at 9 o'clock
o'clock Tuesday ni^ht, meeting with very
slight resistance. In fact the volunteers
surrendered to the enemy. The insur
gents marched to the jail and released the
prisoners therein, after which they set tire
to the structure and a number of other
buildings, all of which were destroyed.
The train conveying the troops from
this city was delayed en route, the rebels
having Corn up the track, in several
places. When the troops finally arrived
at Jaruco the rebels refused to fight and
retreated. The left one of their number
dead in the streets, and a wounded rebel
was subsequently discovered. It is ne
believed that more were wounded, but
were carried off by their companions. The
Spanish loss was one volunteer killed and
six regulars wounded.
The column commanded by Colonel
Hernandez was sent from Jaruco in pur
suit of tte rebels and managed to overtake
some of them. They numbered 1000
mounted men. In the fighting that fol
lowed twelve of the rebels were killed and
many wounded. The troops had three
wounded. General Aldecoa's column,
who also pursued the rebels, had an en
counter with Gomez's party near Jaruco
and dispersed them, causing losses that
are not known.
General Linar's column found another
body of the enemy and used cannon
against them, with what result is not
known.
Colonel Tert also met the rear guard of
the 'rebel forces, but no details of tne re
sult are known.
General Aldecoa, after the engagement
near Jaruco, had another right with the
forces of Gomez at Navio. One rebel was
killed and many wounded. The troops
had five wounded. General Aldecoa fol
lowed the rebels to the San Marcos ranch,
where, after two hours' lighting, the enemy
was compelled to retreat. The rebel losses
are believed to have been heavy. The
Spaniards lost two dead and four wounded.
This series of encounters occurred during
the pursuit of the rebel forces which at
tacked Jaruco. Tt is rumored that Gomez
was wounded in one of the fights.
Yesterday a soldier killed an unknown
man, who was seated in a restaurant in
this city. The victim was wounded in the
head, body and legs. The soldier was
placed under arrest. The authorities say
he is demented. J. Frank Clark.
PARLIAMENT OF ENGLAND
An American Method of a Time
Limit on Speeches Is Ad
vanced.
Passage of the Bill to Assist Agricul
ture by Light Railway Con
struction.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 20.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day A. J. Balfour, First
Lord of the Treasury and the leader of the
Conservative majority, proposed a drastic
alteration of the procedure of the House.
Hitherto Fridays have been allotted to dis
cussion of private members' bills. Hence
forth, according to Mr. Balfour's proposal,
the discussion of the Government's esti
mates must be completed within a period
including twenty consecutive Fridays.
This alteration involves the time-limit
method suggested by Mr. Chamberlain in
former years and based upon the American
model.
James F. Hogan, member for Middle
Tipperary, asked the Government what
was the prospect of the return of ex-King
Mataafa and his banished followers to Sa
moa.
George N. Curzon, Parliamentary Secre
tary for Foreign Affairs, replied that there
•was no crospect of their return.
Mr. Balfour, in reply to a question apked
by Sir William H. Houldsworth. member
for Northwest Manchester, said it was not
true that Germany had approached Great
Britain with a view of the conclusion of a
monetary agreement. The British Gov
ernment, he said, was willing to consider
the matter of reopening the Indian mints
if such action could be made part of a sat
isfactory scheme of currency reform.
Mr. Curzon, replying to a. question by
Sir Ellis Ash mead- Bartlett," said that
Great Britain regarded Russia's pkdge,
given in 188G, not to occupy Korea under
any circumstances as still binding.
The House passed on its first reading a
bill introduced by the Government pro
viding for the giving of assistance in the
construction of light railways to aid agri
cultural and other local industries. The
bill allots £1,000,000 for loans for this pur
pose, the loans to run for seven years at 2
per cent.
Approved bv the Pope.
HALIFAX, N. S., Feb. 20.— A decree of
divorce approved by Pope Leo Xlll— the
hrst of its kind ever recorded in Canada
has been granted John Keefe, separating
him from his wife on the grounds of infi
delity on the part of the woman. Much
interest is excited by the concession from
Rome, as never before has a divorce been
recognized in this country by Roman
Catholic authority. The decree granted
Keefe. is not only one of separation, but it
permits, as alleged, a remarriage. A legal
dissolution of the marriage has also been
obtained from the Supreme Court.
POLITICS AND
APPROPRIATIONS
Debates in the House on the
Subject of Money for
Indians.
WILSON FOR PROTECTION
Incidentally Tries to Boom Mc-
Kinley Against the Protest
of Others.
FLYNN AFTER EOKE SMITH.
High-Salaried Inspectors Declared to
Be His Personal and Political
Body-Guard.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20. -The
consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, the principal topic before the House
10-day, was marked by two incidents— one
of interest, the other of importance. In
the general debate on the measure, Wil
son (R.) of Ohio, departing from the text
before him, made a speech advocating the
passage of a protective tariff bill, in the
course of which he had read from the
clerk's desk extracts from the speech of
Major McKinley at the Marquette Club
dinner, Chicago, February 12. Efforts by
the friends of other Presidential candidates
to head off this advertisement of the Ohio
candidate on the floor of the House were
unavailing.
When the committee of the whole
reached the paragraph in that bill provid
ing for the pay of the five Indian inspec
tors, a motion was made to reduce their
salaries from $3000 to $2500. That bad
been done in the last two previous bills,
and the action of the Indian Committee in
fixing them at the figure named in the
statute establishing the office met objec
tion on both sides of the chamber.
The general pension appropriation bill
was sent to conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two houses and tho Senate
amendments to the diplomatic and consu
lar bill were agreed to. This now goes to
the President for his signature.
Willis (R.) of Delaware reported favor
ably from the Committee on Agriculture
the Senate joint resolution directing the
Secretary of Agriculture to purchase and
distribute seeds in 1596, as was done in
former years, and asked immediate action.
An objection by Erdman(D.)of Pennsylva
nia sent it to the calendar.
On motion of W. A. Stone (R.) of Penn
sylvania the House refused to concur in
the Senate amendments to the general
pension appropriation bill and it was sent
to conference.
McCall (R.)of Tennessee reported favor
ably a resolution to investigate the work
ings of reciprocity treaties and it was
agreed to.
The Senate joint resolution[requiring the
Secretary ot Agriculture to purci.ase and
distribute seeds as in former years was
reported favorably from the Committee on
Agriculture. It went to the calendar on
objection to unanimous consent.
The House bill was passed on motion of
Fletcher (R.) of Minnesota, directing the
auditing officers of the Treasury Depart
ment to reopen and pay the longevity
account of Lieutenant-Colonel W. A.
Jones, corps ot engineers. U. S. A.
Allen (R.) of Utah presented the mem
orial of the Governor and Legislature of
Utah, asking that eo much of the counties
of Coconino and Mohave, Arizona, as lies
nnrth of the Colorado River, be added to
the domain of the State of Utah. Referred
to the Committte on Territories.
The House bill authorizing railroads in
Indian Territory to acquire additional
land for depot purposes was passed.
Sherman (R.) of New York called up the
Indian appropriation bill, and its consid
eration was begun in committee of the
whole. The total amount carried in the
bill is $5. 630,993; less than the estimates by
$119,436 and less than the appropriation for
the current year by $132,762.
Pending the consideration of the bill a
message from the Senate was received,
announcing the passage of the diplomatic
and consular appropriation bill with a few
unimportant amendments. On motion of
Hitt, chairman of the Committee on For
eign Affairs, the amendments were con
curred in.
Consideration of the Indian bill being
resumed. Little (D.)of Arkansas addressed
the committee at length in favor of a
change of government of Indian Ter
ritory.
Wilson (R.) of Ohio contended that
what was wanted was education for the
Indians. Then he succeeded in intro
ducing the McKinley "boom" by Baying
that Congress would never have money
enough to educate the Indians until it
passed a good old-fashioned Republican
protective tariff bill. To prove that Gov
ernor McKinley had not abandoned his
position'in favor of the American system
of protection, he asked the clerK to read a
portion of that .gentleman's remarks at
the Marquette Ciub dinner on February
12. This at once awoke the friends of
other Presidential candidates and consid
erable confusion prevailed. Bennett (R.)
of New York shouted : "I object. I make
the coint of order that it is cut of order."
The chair (Payne)— The point or order
is overruled.
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania— I in
cline to the belief that the chair has made
a mistake; the caucus does not begin
until 8 o'clock to-night. [Laughter.]
The clerk, Lampson of Ohio, began to
read the s<peecb, but was interrupted by
Bre-wster (R.) of New York, who made the
point that the extract was out of order
because it "introduced politics into this
hall," which was greeted with loud
laughter.
The reading was continued and was
greeted with applause from members who
agreed with the sentiment expressed.
Proceeding witu his remarks, Wilson
declared, amid applause, that down deep
in the hearts of the American people the
question of protection as the National
policy was forever settled.
After further remarks by Wilson gene
ral debate on the bill was ended and read
ing of the bill for amendment was begun.
Flynn (R.)of Oklahoma moved to strike
out the item appropriating $15,000 for the
salaries of the rive Indian inspectors pro
vided for by law. He stigmatized them as
"Hoke Smith's personal political body
guard." The fact that the committee re
porting the bill had restored the salaries
of these inspectors from $2500, provided in
the appropriation bill of the Fifty-third
Congress, to the $3000 fixed by< the law
establishes the offices gave rise to much
discussion upon the matter of appropriat
ing this sum for salaries.
Dockery (D.) of Missouri moved to re
duce the appropriation from $3000 to
$2000. This was antagonized by Sherman
(in charge of the bill) and by Hopkins (R.)
of Illinois.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois united with his
colleague on the Committee on Appropria
tions (Dockery) in urging the reduction,
and was joined by Dingle y (R.) of Maine.
Tne reduction was advocated Dy Hemen
way (R.) of Indiana, but was lost by a
vote of 56 to 93.
The committee then rose and at 5:10
o'clock adjourned until to-morrow.
BALLINGTON BOOTH MAY REMAIN.
Colonei Nicol Sent Over to Ascertain the
Facts Concerning the Desire to Re
tain the Command.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 20.— The
Herald says this morning: While Com
mander Booth of the Salvation Army nas
been exchanging farewells with his friends
in this country, preparatory to his de
parture for England in obedience to tue
command of his father, General Booth,
something has occurred which has in
spired with renewed hope many of his
friends, who believe that the best interests
of the army demand that he should re
main on this side of the Atlantic. That is
the presence here of Colonel Nicol of Lon
don, who arrived here unannounced and
unexpected on the steamer Etruria on
Saturday last.
Inquiries as to the object of this meet
ing resulted in eliciting the information
that Colonel Nicol's mission here ia to
ascertain the real extent and depth of the
feeling which has found expression in the
demand voiced by thousands that Com
mander Booth should remain here.
A secret meeting was held in Chicago
three weeks ago of fourteen of the princi
pal representatives of the Salvation Army
from all parts of the country. As a result
of this meeting a cable dispatch was sent
to Goneral Booth in India, asking him to
rescind his order for Commander Booth's
return to England. The members re
mained in session until next day, so that
they could hear from the General. A cable
reply came to the effect that General
Booth would give the matter careful con
sideration. Almost immediately a cable
was sent to the army headquarters in
London instructing Colonel Nicol to pro
ceed at once to the United States. Colonel
Nicol started immediately for Liverpool,
where he caught the steamer Etruria.
• Colonel Nicol was private secretary for a
long time to General Booth. He is at
present editor-in-chief of all the Salvation
Array publications all over the world. His
instructions were to gauge the feeling in
this country concerning Commander
Booth's retention here. It will depend
upon his report whether Commander
Booth remains here or returns to England.
STRIKERS REMAIN FIRM
Clothing- Workers Determined to
Compel Employers to Come
to Term6.
In Chicago It Is Now Estimated That
Twenty-Five Thousand Are
Out of Work.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 20.— Nine hundred
clothing cutters and trimmers who belong
to the local union were on strike to-day,
and the intention is to stay idle until the
twenty - nine manufacturing firms for
whom they worked accede to the strikers'
demand.8 — a recognition of the old union
agreement as to hours, wages and shop
regulations which the union wants con
tinued, while the manufacturers will not
be bound by any union agreement.
Eleven firms were reported to be in
favor of complying with the strikers'
terms, as they are not members of the
Clothing Manufacturers' Association.
Two hundred cf the men on strike went
out before to-day, and the other 700 were
ordered out by the meeting last night.
It is estimated that at least 25,000 men
and women, boys and girla have been
thrown out of employment by the general
strike. There are no applications at the
factories for work in place of the strikers.
MODJESKA TO RETIRE.
Aoto Slit- Thinks Only of Regaining Her
Health.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 20.— Mme. Mod
jeska's farewell tours have all been given
up, her engagements all canceled, and
whether she will ever appear on the stage
again is a doubtful question. Her com
pany has been disbanded, and both actors
and managers are now in New York City.
Count Bozenta, Mme. Modjeska's hus
band, says she ha? not a single performance
on any stage in view. AH she is planning
for is the "recovery of her good health.
She hopes to be able to start for California
by April 14, where she will remain until
fully restored in health. Her condition
has improved much in the last few days,
and the doctors say she will soon be strong
enough to De removed from the Hotel Vir
ginia to the home of her son, Ralph Mod
jeska.
NE YORK. MiyiXG EXCB.AXQE.
Very Zittle Business JJone at the Opening
. Session. .
NEW ORK, NJ Y., Feb. 20.— The call
at 11 o'clock at the New. York Mining Ex
change was not a success, owing to the
inability of some of the principal dealers
to be present Another call was therefore
arranged for 2 p. ai., but little business was
'done because of more or less misunder-'
standing as to the rnles ana regulations.
Colorado and other Western brokers have
been prohibited from ' trading: except
through the regular brokers of the ex
change, which has shut off this trading to
a considerable extent. This is a regula
tion the visitors had not counted on. The
principal trading this morning was in
Manhattan Development stock of Idaho
at 20 to 23.
Fire in a ltepot.
PROVIDENCE, R. I. Feb. 20.-Fire
started in the Worcester division of the
Union depot at midnight" to-night. A part
of the depot containing the baggage-room
was saved. The remainder was completely
CMttoA r J
Allow your blood to get impure and your
system » all run .down, because in sach a
condition you will bo in dangefof * pneu-
monia, fevers and grip. Build up with
Hood's
Sarsaparilta
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists, $l k
Hood's Ptllc cure Livor Ills cuy to
IJUUU * t^* l " take, eaiy to opera kj.aoc
MAY RESULT IN
MORTAL COMBAT.
Prime Minister Bourgeois
Sends Seconds to M.
Poincare.
STATESMEN ARE ANGRY.
Interpellations and Insinuations
of Deputies to Reach a
Thrilling Climax.
INSULTS QUICKLY RESENTED.
Another Vote of Confidence in the
French Cabinet, However,
Is Passed.
PARIS, France. Feb. 20.— 1n the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day M. Georges Chautiey,
Republican member for Saone-Haute, in
terpellated the Government as to state
ments made by M. Ricard, Minister of
Justice, in regard to the appointment of
Judge Poitevin to conduct the inquiry
into the Southern Kailway scandals and
in connection with the action taken by
the Senate thereon. In these statements,
he declared, M. Ricard had contradicted
himself.
The Chamber renewed its vote of confi
dence in the Government by a vote of 309
to 185. The former vote of confidence,
taken on the 13th inst. in response to Pre
mier Bourgeois' demand, was 326 to 43.
M. Lasserre, Republican member for
Tarn et Game, moved a rider to the vote
of confidence that the Chamber censure
M. Ricard for his statements and acts.
The motion was rejected by a vote of 279
to 234.
The debate throughout was excited and
noisy.
After the vote had been taken Prime
Minister Bourgeois sent seconds to M.
Raymond Pomcare, formerly Minister of
Finance, to demand an explanation of a
veiled imputation of political cowardicj
made by him against M. Bourgeois. In
stead of giving any explanation Poincaire
referred the two seconds of M. Bourgeois
to two gentlemen he selected to represent
him. The four seconds held a conference,
and it is behoved they will arrange the
matter so that no duel will be fought.
The Bureau of the Senate will meet to
morrow morning to discuss the action of
the Chamber of Deputies, and also the ac
tion to be taken by the Senate. M. Loubet,
president of the Senate, is not inclined to
give battle. A lont; adjournment to en
able the quarrel to cool is favored by
many, and it is likely that this course will
be adopted.
- IfEW TO PAT
I !
When a man owns a blooded horse he is '
elways careful of its health. He looks after '.
its diet and is particular that the feeding
shall, be regular and right. While he is
doing: this it is likely as not that he is him-
self suffering from some disease or disorder
that if left to itself will go on and on till it
develops seriously.
When the trouble gets so bad that he can-
not work, he will begin to give himself tho
care he gave the horse at the start The
time to cure a disease is at the beginning
and better than all is to so watch your
health that disease will never come. Good,
pure, rich, red blood is the best insurance
against disease of any kind. Almost all
diseases come from impure or impoverished
blood. Keep the blood pure and strong
and disease can find no foothold.
That is the principle on which Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery works.
It cleanses, purifies and enriches the blood;
it puts and keeps the whole body in perfect
order. Makes appetite good, digestion
strong, assimilation perfect. It brings rud-
dy, virile health. .
" I got a cancer on my tongue and had it cut
out. I consulted fifteen different physician*
without deriving anv bene6t. At last I turned
to Dr. Pierce'a Golden Medical Discovery. I
persisted in its use and my health is better than 1
ever before. Formerly every accidental wound
I received began to fester, would not heal ; now,
luch lacerations heal themselves." •...<_.:
Respectfully yours,
U Inman, McPhcrson Co., Kaa. •
I THIS WEEK OHLY, Feb. 17th to 22«L
.
; Dark Winter Underskirts for ladles 35c
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make... 5c
Trousers, everything up 10 $:!, closing $1 00
j Blankets, California wool, gray, 6 R>s..: $2 4 j
I Fluffy Cotton Vats, bin rolis. best .;..... 15c
! Kmbroldery, was 10c and \vor;h it 3o
B. <fc H. Celebrated 9 i Button Shoes..... ?2 00
Mo'.nsses, Open Ketilt;. New Orleans, again.. 75c
Table Peaches, rip.e and luscious 10c
CooKies,- equal to your grandmothers' .... 10c
I -Coffee, that grand .Aureola blend.. V 20c
Sweet Cider, for mince pies, quarts 15c
Wasd Blue, Fidelity, price cut in two 100
Keene's Kngllsh Blue. 5 blocks • 5c
Hams, Eastern, guaranteed, our brand 12 -<|C
Pitted Plums, used to bring 25c «c
Be'ehlves, enough for everybody 90c
Soap, Babbitt's bes:. 24 bars.... $1 00
-Smiths Cash Store, ££;»:
41 4, 416, 41 8 front st., s. f.
■tMigA FOB BARBER* BAK>
IlKBl^llB"^"*' fcootblarks, b.tb-
DnUvntw house*. billiard* - table*
brew»r«, booktinderß, candy-makers, canner*
<sTcr». flournUlls, foundries, laundries. pap«r*
hanir t% printers, painters, shoe factone* «übl«-
-».n. tar-roog^t-ner^lor.,^
M»nuf»ciuar.,6o:)Si»ir»mentoit
X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JUHnJff (>2o K£AB.\Y ST. Established
Cril iDS ln I»34forthetreattuentof Private
KB I-KvSSy Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ 625KEABKT»T. Estobllshed
II 1534 for the treatment of Private
W Diseases*. Lost Manhood. Debility or
*BBK?^a d .i f fts ', wearingoubodvand mind and
■ h" D st '-?- Thedoc'torcureswhen
■ others fail. Try bim. Charges low.
»" J." S(nrr>cnaranlrrd. Callorwrit*.
»r. J. *'. uIBBOIT. Bt>» ■ lW7.Saagvaacjgca_
: HEALTH % RESORTS.
THE STTTELMSiMRTu^
V ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY,' CAL. ' v
A RATIOm HEALTH RESORT!
Sena, for, Circular.DELVING FOR
DEAD MINERS.
Rescue Work Goes Steadily
On at the Vulcan
Mine.
TWELVE BODIES FOUND.
Arrest of a Man for Looting the
Residence of Two of the
Victims.
REMOVED TO ESCAPE LYNCHING.
Working Shifts Removing the Debris
in Quest of the Remains of the
Unfortunate.
NEWCASTLE, Colo., Feb. 20.— Rescue
work was temporarily retarded by the
placing of a pump so as to draw the water
out of the Vulcan slope. A large force
was working, never once ceasing except
for a few minutes to eat a mouthful.
This morning, about 5 o'clock, a party
went down, and in one of the side entries
found the bodies of Will Dore, who kept
. the door, Nick Ross, an Italian miner,
Robert Cottle and Emil Funk, son of Jolin
Funk, pit boss'. Will Dore and Robert
e evidently died from suffocation and
A :oss and young Funk were instantly
killed by the explosion. All four bodies
were found in the first left entry, about
900 feet from the entrance to the main
slope.
From 1 o'clock in the morning, when
the brattice over the right entry was put
in place, the crews were kept steadily at
work clearing away the massive debris
from the entrance to the left east work
ings. The task was rendered dangerous
bv reason of the prevalent black damp;
but toward morning the fan had expelled
ir.o^t of it from the workings, and by 5
••'clock the crews were able to work out
the full two-hour shifts.
The rirst funeral service was held to-day
: :ie body of Ed Welsh, the rope-rider,
•■• ho was blown out of the slope by the
• rrible explosion. His sister arrived here
-day from Cripple Creek in response to a
ram sent by Mrs. Welsh before the
• it occurred, she having been moved
me premonition of impending trouble
• Coroner ha« decided not to hold an
• until all the bodies most readily
■ nave been brought to the sur
: [t ia hifl intention then to probe the
o the bottom by making the most
searching examination into the cause of
I ident, and to thus fix the responsi-
It is impossible just now to say how
bodies remain in the mine. The
t lerk of the Vulcan Company has made a
careful check of his books, and gives it out
e dead will not exceed forty-nine in
number, e:°rht ot whom have been recov
cred, and forty-one still remain within.
Concerning this estimate there is room for
doubt, however, as to whether it is large
enough. Many of the miners who worked
in the Vulcan and were off temporarily
the day of the explosion, insist that there
are four or live more men entombed than
is given on the clerk's list.
Carl Schmidt, at one time a saloon
keeper here, was arrested this aiternoon
by a deputy sheriff on the charge of grand
larceny. It is said that he rilled the effects
< ■' John Funk in His house near the Yul
mine. Funk and his son Emil were
both killed by the explosion, and the
father s body has not yet been recovered.
There was indignation among the miners
over Bcbmidt'a alleged act, and while the
funeral of Ed Welsh was in progress this
afternoon mutterings of an ominous
nature were heard on the street corners.
Schmidt was taken up back streets and
alleys until clear of town, and a freight
train was flagged by the officers. He was
put on and taken to Glenwood Springs for
safety from a mob which wouid surely
have lynched him if he nad remained in
Newcastle.
Four more bodies were recovered at 2
o'clock this afternoon — those of Chris
Seigle, Tony Tapero, John Gombard and
Charles Merchant — making a total of
twelve bodies recovered so far. Working
shifts of eight men are now steadily remov
■:l; the debris, the work all being done in
the left entry, as it is almost certain that
Dearly all of the dead are in there.
The town is draped in mourning; all the
ttores and places of business have been
closed to-day and everything possible is
being dona to assist in the rescue of bodies
and console the mothers, widows and or
phans of the dead miners. The ladies are
cooking and serving meals to all at the
so those working do not. have to
.eave to get food.
FATED TO DISASTER.
Ptemtlmr Misfortunes of a Family in
I'ennnylrania.
WEST NEWTON, Pa., Feb. 20.— Etta
llowland, aged 14, and her cousin, Edward
, were Killed on the railroad, near
'•rapeville, Pa., a few days ago. Within
'. :.e past two years, Albert Rowland, an
of Etta Rowland, and his son
met were killed on the railroad near
Newton; her cousin, Frank Row
was killed :'n a mine at Port Royal;
übanda of Frank Rowland's two sis
" i were killed on the railroad near Jean-
Pa. Bunt .Stevenson, another cousin
La Rowland, her uncle, Mark Bur
uid her cousin, Norman Kyle, were
n the railroad, and her sister Belle
•irdered by her lover. Etta Row
wither only the day before the girl's
■• as badly injured by a falling tree,
r mother is a cripple from an injury
• d in a runaway accident.
I(t. Mr. Hood mil Retire.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 20.— The
■ -on o! William Wood of Green
tfa Walling and Jackson, the mur
b of Pearl Bryan, and the general be
uef that he himself was an accessory be
t to the crime, will doubtless
It in the retirement of nis father from
try. It is said that Rev. Mr.
'eels the disgrace that his son has
"t upon him most keenly, and he
lias i ,t appeared in ihe pulpit since the
facts of the case became known.
An BwpedUiam to i,,,i,rndnr.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 20.-An ex
peditfon bound for the interior of Labra
cor wul leave Philadelphia in June for the
urpo.se oi Btudying the Esquimaux and
u»g specimens of the Mora and
lauua of that region. Professor Frank
Russell, curator of the TJniversity of
lowa, accompanies the expedition as
arcneologibt.
THE SA.CRA.MEXTO MITER.
Improvement Recommended by the Senate
Commerce Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, FeD. 20.-The
Senate Committee on Commerce to-day
ordered a favorable report and the Senate
agreed to a resolution directing the Secre
tary of War to inquiie into the present
condition of the Sacramento River, the
changes in its course caused by recent
floods and the effect on navigation of these
deviations from the ordinary course of the
stream.
An estimate of the cost of restoring the
river to its usual channel is required. It
was shown to the committee that these
floods had washed away the banks of the
river, creating crevasses, through which
the water rinds its way to the lowlands,
leaving the bed of a portion of the river
nearly dry and therebv rendering naviga
tiori difficult and at low water almost im
possible.
Ko Pardon for Holaton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.—Presi
dent Cleveland in denying a pardon to
F. M. O. Holston, convicted in Oregon of
forgery in a pension case, says he is
decidedly in favor of strict punishment in
a case like this which involves the "swind
ling of a poor and needy veteran, and a
prostitution of the benevolent intentions
of the Government as embodied in its
pension law."
Treasury Gold Keservt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness stood at $92,414,987. The withdrawals
for the day aggregated $1,099,987. It is
expected that to-morrow the gold reserve
will exceed f 100.000,000.
Signed by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.— The
President has signed the act to extend the
mineral land laws of the United States to
lands embraced in the north half of the
Coiville Indian reservation.
DEPUTIES FIRED UPON
Officers Receive a Surprise While
Making a Raid on a
Thieves' Resort.
During the Encounter One Man Is
Killed and Three Badly
Wounded.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.—Jack
son City, Va., at the Virginia end of Long
Bridge leading across from Washington to
the Old Dominion, a place that has long
been the resort of thieves and the lower
element that follows the racetrack, wag to
nieht the scene of a tragedy in which one
man wa^ killed and three wounded.
Six deputies of Sheriff Palmer of Alex
andria County made a raid upon a saloon
kept by John Nelson. They expected to
find stolen property and gambling para
phernalia. As the posse entered the sa
loon Nelson became aware of their inten
tions and immediately began firing.
Harry Candler, the bartender, followed
his employer's example, and a fusillade of
bullets met the officers.
About twenty or thirty people were in
the saloon at tbe time, but soon flea from
danger. The attack of Nelson and his
bartender took the officers unawares,
and before they could draw their weapons,
Deputy Benjamin Hines (colored) was in
stantly killed, Special Deputy Johnson
shot in the neck and Deputy Edward Deu
terman received a bullet in the chin which
laid him prostrate.
Charles O'Neall, a hanger-on at the sa
loon, came to the assistance of the posse
and received a bullet in the eye from the
pistol of Nelson.
Nelson and Candler fled and the wound
ed men were brought to the Emergency
Hospital at Washington, where they re
ceived medical attendance.
The bullet was extracted from Johnson's
neck and O'Neall's eye. Deuterman
seemed the worst injured, but the physi
cians do not look for fatal results in either
case.
The saloon-keeper was so active in using
his weapons that the Sheriff's posse was
able to make but little showing in their
raid upon the lawbreakers.
WALLER IS PARDONED.
Orders Issued for His Release
by the Government of
France.
The United States Refused to Make
an International Controversy
Over tbe Ex-Consul.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.—Secre
tary Olney to-day received the following
dispatch from Embassador Eustis at Paris :
"The President signed this morning Wal
ler's pardon. Orders are being issued for
his release."
There does not seem to be any intention
on the part of Mr. Waller's counsel or of
his friends to take advantage of the offer
made by the United States Embassador
under instructions from the State Depart
ment to «iter suit for damages in the
French courts, with the United StatesEm
bassador providing the requisite security
for coat.
On the contrary the Waller family find
that the United States on the facts as dis
closed decline to make an international
nffair out of Waller's offense, and are con
templating his return to Kansas, from
which State he was originally appointed
Consul at Tamatave, Madagascar.
Mrs. Waller is said to be at present in
Baltimore maKing arrangements for this
purpose. Nothing has been heard from
Waller directly by his family for three or
four weeks, according to the statement
made by his daughter to-day.
The Explosion of a Boiler.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 20.— Five men
were seriously injured, two fatally, by the
explosion of a boiler on ttie World's Fair
grounds this morning. John Swan and
John Obron were fatally scalded and Wil
liam Murray will lose his eyesight.
Michael Sherry and John Colvin were
scalded. The men were engaged in dredg
ing and the boiler was used to furnish
power for their work.
Eight Men Dashed to Djeath.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Feb. 20.— While a
cage containing eight men was descending
to the colliery pit at Leigh, Lancashire,
this morning, the catches failed to work
and the cage crashed to the bottom. All
the men were killed.
Change of Admirals.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 20.— Rear-Admiral
Henry St. Legerbury Palliser has been ap
pointed to the command of the Pacific
naval station in the place of Rear-Ad nnral
Henry Frederick Stephenson,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
IVAN KOVALEV
MUST DIE TD-DAY.
He Paces His Cell Like a
Wild Beast in a
Cage.
WILL NOT EAT OR TALK.
It Is Thought He Will Utterly
Collapse Before Reaching
the Trap.
CLAMOR TO SEE THE HANGING.
Warden Aull Says He Has Never
Before Been So Flooded With
Applications.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.— Ivan
Kovalev's last day on earth baa ended
and to-night he lies tossing in uneasy
slumber, broken bv intervals of wakeful
ness, during which he springs from his
cot and paces to and fro like a trapped
wild beast in its cage, only to again- thro*
himself on his cot, cover his face with his
blanket and toss and tumble and groan in
troubled sleep.
All day long he has been in a state of
nervous unrest and has refused to eat a
mouthful, but seems to be overcome with
fever, as he incessantly aemands water,
which he fairly gulps down. He has
acain turned sullen, and has all day long
utterly refused to utter a single syllable,
either in reply to questions or of his own
volition, with the exception of the demand
for water. His cell companion, a fellow
countryman, who, in addition to the death
watch, has been keeping him company
since his removal irom the solitary cell,
where he was placed upon his first arrival
at the prison, has been unable to extract
anything further of the crime forwnich
.his life has been declared forfeited, nor
has he admitted .hat he Dersonally, as is
snspected, acknowledged that he took the
life of his companion in crime at San Jose
to prevent him frum exposing him as the
perpetrator.
It is now thought that the criminal will
utterly collapse before he reaches the trap
to-morrow morning, as he has been in
such a state of nervous excitement all day,
refusing any and all nourishment. He is
visibly weaker and his snatches of slum
ber are so brief that they impart no rest
or strength.
Warden Anil when interviewed this
evening by a Call representative said: "I
cannot, of course, state with any certainty
how Kovalev will behave when led to the
gallows to-morrow morning. All I can
say is that he will go there somehow.
There is no doubt but what he is visibly
weaker and he absolutely refuses nourish
ment of any kind. My preparations are
complete and I am sure that no blunders
can possibly occur on the part of tbe men
whom 1 have chosen to perform the de
tails of the execution, as they are guards
of tried nerve. There will not be a very
large crowd in attendance— probably fortv
or fifty all told.
"I have been simplv flooded with appli
cations to witness the death of this man,
but owing to the fact that the apartment
where the execution is to take place is
very small I have been compelled to re
fuse admittance to all save officials and
representatives of the press."
Perhaps never in the annals of criminal
history of this city since the death of Troy
Dye has so much anxiety been expressed
by the citizens of Sacramento to witness
the death of any criminal on the gallows
as there has been to obtain admission to
the execution of Ivan Kovalev. The cow
ardly attack upon the two aged and re
spected citizens and the brutal method by
which the crime was committee have
aroused such a spirit of enmity and hatred
toward this son of far-away Kussia as has
has served to totally overcome the natural
antipathy of ail to witness the death and
last struggles of a fellow-mortal.
Even Governor Budd has been besieged
with petitions for admission to witness
the execution, and there are few, if any,
of the Prison Directors but have received
repeated entreaties through personal
friends for cards of admission and it is evi
dent that a spirit of satisfaction is abroad
in the community at the thought that
within a few brief hours Ivan Kovalev will
expiate that crime with his life.
HUORT IX Ills AVCOVXTS.
Deputy Postmaster of I'ort Antjele* $1200
liehind. With the Government.
PORT ANGELES.Wash., Feb. 20.— John
Brown Jr., Deputy Postmaster in the office
in this city, is short $1200 in his settle
ment with the Government Postoffice
Inspector J. C. F. Gordon is now enga ed
in checking up his accounts, which may
result in a slight change being made in the
amount of the shortage.
A complaint has been filed with United
States Commissioner Henry E. Lutz,
charging Brown with embezzlement and
he is now under surveillance.
Brown informed a Call representative
tliis afternoon that his accounts have been
short for two years and that he has en
deavored to cover up the deficit in his re
ports from week to week.
lie acted as Deputy Postmaster during
the term of J. S. Fenn, and when at the
beginning of Cleveland's administration
Major Hooker was appointed Postmaster
he was again employed as deputy.
The greater portion of the shortage oc
curred during Postmaster Fenn's term of
office, and Brown to-day claimed that
Fenn was implicated, and that on leaving
office he left a deficit as a legacy for Brown
to cover up.
John Brown has always been highly re
spected in this community and has been
considered honest, and industrious. He is
not addicted to any bad habits and has al
ways been popular with young people. A
short time after his marriage with a
charming young lady of this city his
father committed suicide at Dungeness.
leaving a large estate to be divided among
the family. This estate has not yet been
settled.
FLVKiDEHUfO PUBLIC LAMtS.
Federal Officials After, a Washington
Logging Company.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feo. 20. — United
States Attorney-General Harmon filed a
suit in the Federal court to-day aeainst
the Union River Logging Company of Kit
sap County, operating in Mason County.
He asks that the order of approval of defi
nite location of the road through the pub
lic domain be canceled, on the ground
that the company in making its petition
for the proposed highway represented it
to be an undertaking for the public beaefit,
and Secretary Vilas granted the prayer
upon those grounds.
On the contrary, the Attorney-General
alleges that it is a private enterprise, car
ried on for private gain, and that the com
pany — which is composed of Cyrus Walker,
John Mcßeavy and othar rich men
throughout the State— is plundering pub
lic lands and stripping them of valuable
timber. Immediate relief is asked in the
name of the Government.
SUPPOSED TO lit! MURDERERS.
Two Suspicious Characters Arrested at
Goldendale, Wa*h.
GOLDENDALE, Wash., Feb. 20.— Two
suspicious-looking men were to-day ar
rested here by Sheriff Stinson, presumed
to be wanted in Los Angeles, Cal., for
murder. Some weeks ago a jewelry-store
in that city was burglarized, and the
proprietor murdered. The Sheriff is await
ing further d-scription. The suspects
arrived in town last night, and to-aay
made a canvass of the town on the back
streets, offering different kinds of valuable
jewelry very cheap. As7 pair of spectacles
was offered for $1. Tbey also offered to
exchange a $20 gold ring with & farmer for
a pair of boots.
Altercation at Phoenix.
PHO3NIX, Ariz., Feb. 20.— A sensa
tional altercation occurred this evening
during the firemen's tournament between
Leonard Fowler and Patsy McQuilkin, the
latter a well-known gambler, in front of
the Palace saloon, a result of hot words
over attacks in a newspaper on prominent
officials and citizens here. Fowler was
considerably worsted and both were sent
to jail. McQuilkin was bailed out imme
diately.
Lecture at Stanford To-yight.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
20.— Theodore H. Hittell of San Francisco
lectures here to-morrow on "Theodore D.
Judah, the Engineer of the Central Pacific
Railroad." This lecture is given under the
auspices of the department in coast history.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Outcome of a Two Years' Feud
Between the Careys and the
Haggertys.
The Head of the Latter Family Ob
tains $150 Damages for Malicious
Prosecution.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— Justice Wil
ley, sitting in Justice Dwyer's court,
j to-day awarded Patrick Carey $150 dam
ages and costs against D. J. Haggerty for
malicious prosecution. The Careys and
Haggertys own adjoining properties near
Berryessa, and the families have been en
gaged in a feud for the past two years.
The trouble arose over Carey maintaining
a slaughter-house on his premises. Hag
gerty objected to the stench of the place
and a quarrel ensued, during which Hag
gerty said Carey and tus hired man pur
sued him with a long spear that is used
for killing cattle. Haggerty also claimed
that Carey threatened to kill him (Hag
gerty) and feed him to the hogs.
Carey was at onre arrested for threats
agfinst Haggerty's life, but was subse
quently discharged. It was then Carey's
turn in the courts and lie sued Haggerty
for $299 damages for malicious prosecu
tion, resulting in a verdict for the former
for $150 und costs.
The case will probably be appealed, as
both parties are well off and will tight in
the courts to the bitter end.
ii tuts t: l.ivt: wins.
For Ten Minute* the J'oor Animal's
J-'ltah H"o» Jturnin<j.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— A horse be
longing to W. J. Bigger was struck by a
live wire at the corner of Tenth and Santa
Clara streets at noon to-day and knocked
down. \Vorkmen were engaged in string
ing the wires of the People's Telephone
Company, and in some manner a wire
crossed a trolley wire and fell to within a
few feet of the ground. Bigger, who was
driving along the street, saw the wire but
could not stop in time. The wire strurk
the horse on the side of the shoulder and
he dropped like a shot. The body fell over
Hie wire and the horse kiciced convul
sively, but could not get off the wire.
During the ten minutes while the by
standers were studying how to spare tfiv
animal the burning flesh was a sickening
sight.
A lineman cut the wire linally and the
horse was relieved, but the wire had
burned a cut seven inches long and two
inches deep in the tlesb.
BORROWED A GOLD WATCH.
John Hanson' I Tante for Jewelry Oets
Him Into Trouble.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— John Han
son, who borrowed a gold watch from
George Paugh, a rancher, a few days ago.
arid went to San Francisco on a spree, was
arraigned before Justice Gass to-day on a
charge of petty larceny. Hanson pleaded
not guilty, and his trial was set for Febru
ary 29. He was locked up in default of
$100 bail.
Hansor. met Paugh shortly after his re
lease from the City Prison, where he had
served a ten days' sentence for drunk, and
they had a few drinks together. Hanson
admired a gold watch Paugh had, and
while looking at it he excused himself for
a few minutes and disappeared with the
timepiece. Last night he applied for
lodging at the City Prison, ana was at
once charged with petty larceny.
ICE AS It I' OUTER.
The JjOS Onto* Company Files Articles
of Incorporation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— Articles
were tiled in the County Clerk's office to
day incorpoiatine the Los Gatos Ice and
Tower Company. The object of the cor
poration is to carry on the business of
manufacturing ice in various places in the
State and to establish and operate cold
storage plants. Tne capital stock is $<JOO,
--000, divided into 6000 shares. San Jose is
named as the principal place of business.
The following are named as directors: W.
1). Tisdale, Los Gatos; Abraham King,
Francis E. Spencer, Otis Tupper, Eugene
Knickerbocker and Paul P. Austin of San
Jose, and Martin Sullivan of Marysville.
fRIXCJS i O VIS OF SAVOT.
Italians Will Give Hhn a Royal litcep
tion Srxt Monday.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb.
ments are being perfected by the Italian
Benevolent Society for the entertainment
of Prince Louis of Savoy on his visit to
this city next Monday. He will be ac
companied by Commander Cav. Bertolini
of the cruiser Cristoforo Colombo and F.
Bruni Grimaldi, the Italian Consul at San
Francisco. The visitors will be tendered a
reception and banquet at the Vendome,
and a ball will be given in their honor in
the evening at I. B. S. Hall. Tuesday
they will visit the Lick Observatory.
Sensational Arrests at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cai,., Feb. 20.— Frank
J. Gregory, a brother of ex-Mayor Eugene
Gregory, and W. P. Rutherford, a police
officer, were arrested this afternoon on in
dictments of the Grand Jury for election
frauds, alleged to have been committed at
the last municipal election. The matter
has been under in vestigation for some time
by the Grand Jury. The frauds alleged to
committed were in the First Precinct of
the First Ward, which is known as the
toughest precinct in lown. The nature of
the frauds has not yet been divglged.
u _ u _ u _ J _^ . _ __i__. _y EW TO-PAY— -CLOTHING.
*'• -.",-.-■ ■' ■■ '' " ■ '■•'■\k' :: i:^ : - t .-'. i '
' ' • ' ■ ' > i I :
The question you want to solve, like all other intelligent
buyers, is how good can I buy, and how good at a little price ?
Now the big store will be four years old next Saturday and
it has spent all this time in demonstrating to you . how good it
will sell a high-class merchandise at a tiny price.
Saturday is our Birthday ; we'll be four years old. We have
have been with you four years ; we enjoy your confidence ; we're
proud of it.
We shall offer to you for our big young friends some very
clever Suits, as shown in picture above, both single and double
breasted, made from those fine Blue and Black Twill Cheviots,
awfully clever garments, as a birthday souvenir, at
__— $5.00
Sizes 12 to 19 years.
PAPMAPT 'Q THE FRISCO BOYS,
■ K^!l_t f u D 9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St
MASONIC AND
NAVAL CEREMONY.
Surgeon-General Browne's
Memory Honored at Mare
Island.
PLANTING OF A TREE
•
A Beautiful Black Acacia Set
in Soil From Many His
torical Spots. 3j
MANY INTERESTED SPECTATORS
Major E. A. Sherman Had Secured
Thirteen Little White Bo^es
of Earth. ,
VALLEJO, Cal.. Feb. 20.— One of the
most interestine ceremonies that has oc
curred at the navy-yard for a number of
years took place in front of the naval hos
pital at 2 o'clock this afternoon. It was
the planting of a beautiful acacia tree in soil
brought from various historical spots dear
to all liberty-loving people on American
soil, to the memory of ex-Surgeon-Generai
John Mills Browne, United States navy,
whose remains now lie in Arlington
Height3 burying grounds, Virginia.
The gentleman under whose direction
and supervision the ceremony was per
formed, Major E. A. Sherman, a member
of the Supreme Council of the Southern
Jurisdiction ol the United States, and past
president of the Masonic Veteran Associa
tion of the United States, had gathered
much of the earth deposited about the
tree.
Members of the Masonic Veterans' Asso
ciation of the Pacific Coast and members
of Naval Lodge No. 87 and Solano Lodge
No. 229, F. and A. M., and other visitors
and brethren were present and participated
in the ceremonies. Captain A. S. Barker,
U. S. N., Medical Inspector George W.
Woods, U. S. N., and Chaplain A. A. Mc-
Allister, U. S. N,, warm friends of the late
Surgeon-General Browne, who was treas
urer-eeneral of the Supreme Council of the
A. A. Scottish Rite of Free Masons and
past grand master of the Grand Lodge of
California, -vere interested participants
and spectators.
The brethren on arrival at the hospital
were welcomed by Dr. Woods. As soon
as all had assembled the brethren were
each supplied with a narrow piece of blue
ribbon, which was looped in the button
hole.
Major Sherman bad brought the earth
in little while enameled boxes from thir
teen historical spots in the United States.
After an invocative to Almighty God by
Chaplain McAllister, with the members
formed in a hollow square about the tree
and with Major Sherman in the center, the
choir of ladies, consisting of Mrs. Captain
A. S. Barker, Mrs. F. H. Lefaver, Mrs. A.
A. McAllister, Mrs. C. M. Perkins, Mrs. C.
J. Decker, the Misses McCalla, Mrs. R. M.
Cutts,and Organist E. R. Langdon, sung in
a most effective manner '"Before Jehovah's
Awful Throne."
The service peculiar to the dedication of
a monument, with appropriate alterations
to the one in whose memory the tree was
to be planted, was read in a clear voice by
Major Sherman aud was attentively
listened to by the spectators and many of
the invalids at the hospital who stood or
reclined on the balconies of the hospital
which had been erected through the efforts
of Dr. Browne.
Kach one of the thirteen brethren held
an equal number of boxes of earth, and
Major Sherman in appropriate terms
gave a short synopsis of the earth it con
tained. After the earth had been depos
ited by each one of the brethren he placed
his right hand on his left breast, then
raised the hand and eyes heavenward, as
if in the act of supplicating the Most
High to look with favor on the ceremony.
The following gentlemen assisted in de
positing tue earth:
1. George V. Carter deposited earth
taken from the base of Plymouth Rock,
the landing-place of the Pilgrim Fathers.
2. A. L. Hatheway deposited earth from
Faneuil Hall, the "Cradle of Liberty,"
Boston. Mass.
3. J. O'Hara deposited earth from Liv
erpool wharf, Boston, Mass., where the tea
was thrown overboard from the ship Dar
mouth.
4. A. J. McPike deposited earth from
the b.ittelield of Lexington.
5. H. D. Rich'ardson deposited earth
from the battle-ground of Concord.
6. J. J. Luchsingerdeposited earth taken
from Bunker Hill, the spot where General
Warren fell.
7. Chris Christiansen deposited earth
from Independence Hall, Philadelphia,
where Declaration of Independence was
signed.
8. Lieutenant C. M. Perkins deposited
earth from the battleground at Yorktown,
Virginia.
9. Chaplain A. A. McAllister deposited
earth from Washington's tomb, at Mount
Vernon.
10. G. V. Carter deposited earth from the
tomb of Abraham Lincoln, at Springfield,
Illinois.
11. James Topley deposited earth taken
from the tomb of General U. S. Grant, at
New York.
12. Surgeon C. J. Decker deposited earth
from the Statue of Liberty, in New York
harbor, sent by General Miles, U. S. A.
13. Major E. A. Sherman deposited earth
taken from the grave of Ex-Medical Direc
tor John Mills Browne, at Arlington
Heights, Virginia.
After the ceremony, grand honors were
given, and the choir closed the service by
singing "America." The company were
then dismissed.
Mrs. Cutts, in behalf of her sister, Mrs.
J. M. Browne, extended her sincere
thanks on behalf of her absent sister to
Major Sherman for the interest he had
manifested in thus planting a tree in com
memoration of the honored dead officer and
Mason who was loved and revered by
all his brethren.
STEhI.HEAIt OR BALMVX TROUT?
A. Oilroy Jury Unable to Determine the
Difference'
GILROY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The trial of
Bert Emlay, accused of catching salmon
trout in the Uvas stream, took place in
Justice Howard Willey's court this after
noon. The trial excited more than ordi
nary interest, for its result was watched
with interest Dy the local Nimrods. Dep
uty District Attorney Beasley conducted
the prosecution for the people, and Hon.
P. B. Tully was retained as counsel for the
defense. The opinion of Mr. Seal, a fish
expert of Stanford University, was pre
sented. He .declared it to be a steclhead
trout;. The jury, aftera short deliberation,
failed to agree, the verdict standing seven
for acquittal and rive for conviction, and
were discharged.
SACRAMENTO'S ROUND-UP
The Grand Jury Finds Indict
ments Against Ten Residents
of the Capital.
A Policeman Charged With Perjury.
Election Officers in Serious
Trouble.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.— The
Grand Jury of Sacramento County, which
has been in session for some time past,
presented a partial report this morning to
Judge Catlin of the Superior Court.
The report, which is lengthy, presents
indictments against ten persons, namely:
\V. P. Rutherford, George Dowdger, Frank
Gregory, J. R. Brown, George Anderson,
George E. Brady, George French, I. J.
Simmons and B. L. Taylor.
W. P. Rutherford, who is a policeman of
this city, is charged with perjury in hav
ing positively sworn, in the Police Court,
to having seen a man, who was on trial
for vagrancy, on the streets of this city
when the party in question was confined
at the alleged date in the Woodland Jail.
George Dowdger is charged with assault
with a deadly weapon in having, it is
claimed, wantonly tired at a Japanese. He,
however, claims to have shot at a bird and
hit the Jap accidentally.
The others are charged with conspiracy
in having fraudulently permitted illegal
votes to be cast during the late election,
knowing the same to be illegal. The latter
were acting as election officers in the
downtown wards, which it is cJaimed were
heavily stuffed.
The indictment states specific instances,
and the testimon}' showed that in one
prscinct sixty illegal votes were cast, being
mainly voting in the names of dead men
and repetitions.
Frank Gregory is a member of the firm of
Gregory Bros, of this city and is a brother
of ex-Mayor Gregory, who at present is so
journing in Eastern parts to most people
unknown.
Warrants were issued, and the majority
of the accused were immediaely arrested
and released on bonds in the sum of f 2000
each.
Among the names voted were those of
"Big Neck" Smith, a noted tough, who
shot and killed a man named Brannigan
in a row over an election a few years aeo.
Smith died in the County Hospital after
ward. Clem Pressy, at one time a Sacra
mento gambler, who left the State and
died in Arizona, also was voted, and it is
claimed that there were many others.
End of a Damage Unit at Fresno,
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 20.— The suit of
J. E. Doolittle against the Sun Insurance
Office of London was to-day concluded.
The jury returned a verdict for plaintiff
for $3000 damages. Doolittle sued for
115,000 damages for arrest on a charge of
embezzlement. He was formerly agent
for that company, and its agent had him
arested and subsequently had the case
against him dismissed.
J'olitieiil Reciprocity at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 20.— The" local
Democratic party to-day in convention
formally indorsed by a big majority the
candidacy of Dr. J. Eugene Jordan, the
Populist nominee for Mayor. The Popu
lists in return yielded a majority of the
subordinate offices to the Democrats.
34
THE MONADNOCK
IN COMMISSION
Claimed to Be the Most
Powerful Battle-Ship
Afloat.
THE SIMPLE FORMALITY.
Captain Sumner Reads Secretary
Herbert's Orders and As
sumes Command.
PATRIOTIC AIES BY THE BAND.
Stars and Stripes Flutter in the
Breeze and the Ceremony.lls
Over.
VALLEJO, Cal., FeD. 20.— At 9a. m. the
Tinted States navy was auemented by
what many officers believe to be the most
powerful battle-ship atloat, the double
turreted monitor Monadnock.
Promptly at that hour all the officers of
the new ship assembled on her afterdeck,
the martial figure of her commander, Cap
tain G. W. Sumner, standing conspicu
ously alone. The Marine band was near
by and Commodore 11. L. Howison and
staff occupied stations appropriate.
Captain Sunnier ordered the new crew
to assemble in front of his group and to
them and his brother officers he read in a
calm strong voice Secretary Herbert's
official letters, formally ordering the
Monadnock into commission and his orders
to assume charge of her and the officers
and men assigned to her.
As Captain Sumner's orders died away,
the beautiful melody of "The Star-span
gled Banner" Heated sweetly over the wa
ter and gracefully the Stars and Stripes
arose and, expanding to the morning
breeze, told the world that another gallant
craft was ready to carry it to victory and
glory.
Tiie Monadnock is about ready for her
trial trip, which will be made in a few
days. Her twenty-six officers and 145 men
will proceed at once to make themselves
at home.
The men were called off in watches they
are to keep for the next three years.
The wardroom and galley utensils were
chipped from the New York yard to-day,
and for the present the officers wiil use
mess gear from the Baltimore. For the
next couple of days the men will mess on j
board of the Independence. A lighter of;
coal is now alongside, and the bunkers
will soon be filled. No orders have been |
received and it is not known when she may i
be ordered from the yard, as the detail of i
the trial board has not yet reached the j
yard from Washington.
The following officers have so far report
ed for duty on the Monadnock: Captain
George "\V. Suraner, Lieutenant-Command
er E. D. Tausig, Lieutenant J. M. Roper,
Lieutenant Albert Gleaves, Lieutenant
(j. g. ) Stokely Morgan, Lieutenant (j. g.)
A. If. Beecher, Ensign 'M, L. Miller,
Ensiirn R. S. Douglas, Surgeon J. S. Steele,
Paymaster S. R. Calhoun, Chief Engineer
Absalom Kirby, Assistant Engineer F. D.
Head. Acting Gunner J. W. Bullas, Acting
Carpenter G. J. Shaw.
The monitor is considered one of tne
best made ships of war in the service, and
many words of commendation were
expressed by tne workmanlike appearance
as witnessed from the dock alongside of
which the monitor is now lying. The
stores will be sent on board at once.
FOOTBALL, AT FALLEJO.
An Exciting Game la Expected on TTash-
inpton'a Birthday.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 20.— There prom
ises to be an exciting game of football at
Vallejo on Washington's birthday between
Farragut eleven of Vallejo and the St.
Mary's College eleven of Oakland.
It will be remembered that the St. Mary's
buys defeated the Farraguts just a year
ago, and since then the Farraguts have
strengthened their team considerably, and
have won several games during the past
•eason; in fact, they have only been de
feated twice since they have been organ
ized—once by the St. Mary's team, then by
the Peerless eleven (comprising some of
the best players of the Olympics) after a
hard-fought game.
The Farraguts and St. Mary's are pretty
evenly matcued. for Saturday's game, and
those who have seen the Farraguts play
are of the opinion that the St. Mary's
eleven will have their hands full when they
go on the eridiron at Vallejo.
The St. Mary's have with them such good
men as Hanlon, Huff and McHugh, who
greatly assisted the Reliance team in scor
ing so many victories the past season.
The make-up of the teams is as follows:
Karragut. Positions. St. Mary's.
( orcoran KiRh t end .M e Isaac
Coombs I*eft end Brigade
Hobbs Kiglit tackle J. Cooney
Hoyt .I,eh tackle McHugh
A. Cooney Right guard Taylor
O'Hara Lett guard Sorrneco
Kavanaugh (Capt.). Center Campbell
I.*e Quarter Flood
Scully lliuht half Haiiloa
McKucry Left half McSorley
.Magulre Fullback liuff
In//P.I SII \ i . 7< . WHEELaiBX.
final Bulletin by the Retiring Xacing
Board of the League.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 20.— The
final bulletin of the retiring board of 1895
of the L. A. W. has been issued by Chair
man Gideon as follows:
Suspended— Alex Reinecke, Elkander, lowa,
is permanently suspended from all track
racing under league auspices.
Declared professional— Charles Hall. Mound
City, lowa.
At the meeting of the racing board on Febru
ary 10 at Baltimore Hamilton's record for the
unpaced mile in 2:00 2-5 (paced to th« Upe by
tandem) was rejected. The professional record
of A. F. Senn, unpaced, five miles was consid
ered, and 1t was decided that this record
should also be thrown out.
. Casey Castleman, Los Angeles, Cal., declared
professional.
In view of the new evidence submitted on be
half of C. M. Murphy to the racing board the
(suspension placed upon him has been raised
• Kecords . accepted : Class B, unpaced, stand
ing start, against time, by F. <i. Barnet, El
t^'.l^-X. Decemb 28, 1895-One mile,
2:^5 4-5; three miles, 8:012-5: four miles
: &To"5 : tive mil e9 > 13:34 1-5; eix miles',
£« £5"2 : Be T en mi }?s. 19:12 2-5; eightrailes
H= : 2?o"^ : n lne mlles » 24:502-5; ten miles
2/37 2-5; eleven miles, 30:24 2-5; twelve
miles, 33:13 2-5; thirteen miles, 30:06^; fonr
teen miles, 38:57 2-5 ; fliteen miles, 41-51
--sixteen miles, 44:46 1-5; seventeen miles'
47:42; eighteen miles, 50:39 3-5;. nineteen
miles, 53:31 1-5: twenty miles, 56:22; twenty
one miles. 1:05:04 3-u; twenty-four miles
1:08:04 2-5; twenty-five miles, 1 : 10 :57 2-5. '
Reinstated in amateur class— A. W. Cleaver
Los Angeles, Cal.
Stanford Senior* Defeat Freslimm.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
20. — A game this afternoon between seniors
and freshmen resulted in favor of the
seniors by a score of 11 to 8. In the
seventh innine the score was tied 'by the
freshmen and intense excitement pre
vailed. But Pitcher McLaine of the
seniors proved too much for the freshmen
in the last innings. Tlie game was es
peciallv interesting for good batting and
poor fielding. Sharp captained the fresli
men and Harry Reynolds the seniors.
BASEBALL AT 8 TAXFOR D.
liaising Money to Secure the Services of a
lily Chicago Coach.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., FeD.
20. The baseball management has hit
upon another plan for raising money, but
it is the threadbare method of voluntary
subscriptions, and whether it will result in
the production of sufficient money is a
question. The management is desirous of
securing the services of William Lange,
the big Chicago fielder and catcher, as a
coach for the baseball nine. If enough
money can be raised, Lange will teach the
players what he can about our National
game.
The first inter-class field day will take
place on February 29 between the sopho
mores and freshmen. Events have not yet
been decided upon, but a large number of
men of both classes are working to bo in
shape to enter the competition.
SUICIDE AT M'OKA SE.
An Aged Man, Tired of Life, Ends Bis
Existence.
SPOKANE, "Wash., Feb. 20.— Daniel Ga
leucia, aged 65 years, who lives near Chat
taroy, this county, committed suicide this
morning by shooting himself through the
heart with a rifle. The gun was placed
against the wall and the trigger pushed off
with a stick.
His life was somewhat of mystery, it
being said that he once was a man of some
prominence. Ha has lived with an old
man called Peavine Jimmy for the past
eight years. From papers on his person it
is learned that he has a wife at Peabody,
Mass., but neighbors say he was divorced.
Despondency is supposed to be the cause.
THE WILLOWS TRAGEDY.
All the Eye-Witnesses of the
Killing Are Not Compelled
. to Testify.
The Prosecution Announces That It
Is Ready to Rest Its
Case.
WILLOWS, Cal., Feb. 20.-In the
Sehorn murder trial to-day, j. B. Wil
liams continued his testimony as follows:
''I went up to arrest the defendant and
was prevented by one McNorton, who said
he had him under arrest. Loud talking
and a gathering crowd caused me to run
to the scene. The first shot was fired when
I got wfthin six or eight feet. Am Dretty
sure one of the shots was fired around
Mr. Hulett."
H. W. Walker, son-in-law of deceased,
identified a receipt for $42, signed by the
defendant, June 1, 1895. He had refused
to allow Lawyer Geis to take it away when
he cajne for Sehorn.
G. J. Furnish of Gait testified: "I was
in Willows on the day of the shooting.
Saw defendant on the evening of the homi
cide. I was on my way to the hotel. De
fendant induced me to turn around and
accompany him to Putman's store, re
marking that Putiuan claimed he owed
him $4; he also said Putman had accused
him of having influenced the Board of Su
pervisors."
After waiting for half an hour for a wit
ness who did not put in an appearance,
Attorney Swinford announced that the
prosecution rested. The defense was un
prepared for this and begged the court for
a little time to get ready, and were granted
one hour.
Attorney Aibery insisted on the court
compelling the prosecution to put on the
stand all of the eye-witnesses to the
tragedy, which was denied by the court.
Attorney Aibery then outlined the de
fense, saying that the defendant would
show that he was on a perfectly peaceable
mission to settle a bill at the request of
deceased. That when turning to leave the
scene he was dealt a heavy blow and shot
to save his life, as he supposed.
G. J. Furnish testified: "I was at the
scene of the shooting. Sehorn said, 'If I
owe you $4 I will pay you.' Putman com
menced the difficulty by striking Sehorn
in the face, knocking him partially down."
Witness was turned over to Swinford for
cross-examination. The witness' testi
mony was very contradictory to that given
at the preliminary examination. At the
hour of recess was making it
exceedingly warm for the witness.
SANTA CRUZ COURTHOUSE.
The Supervising Architect Is
Removed on Account of His
Unsatisfactory Work.
Bondsmen Will Be Held Responsible
for Any Damages That
May Result.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 20.— A reso
lution was to-day adopted by the Board
of Supervisors discharging N. A. Com
stock, the supervising architect from San
Francisco of the new courthouse, and in
his stead Thomas Beck, the superinten
dent of constructon, was selected. He will
instruct Contractor McCabe to resume
work to-morrow, the first thing to be done
being the strengthening of the tower wall,
the defect in which was the original cause
of the stoppage of work.
The board will hold the bondsmen of
Comstock responsible for damages that may
have resulted may yet result from his work.
The preamble to the resolution states, in
part, that "Comstock has willfully neg
lected to supervise the construction and
erection of such building; that by reason
of the neglect and failure of said Comstock
as supervising architect to perform the
duties required of him as aforesaid, the
said courthouse building is not being
erected in accordance with said plans and
specifications; that said Comstock as such
superrisinc architect has allowed insuffi
cient and defective work to be done UDon
such building, and poor and insufficient
material to be used in the construction of
said building, and has willfully and know
ingly allowed the construction of said
building to proceed, in many important
particulars at variance with the said plans
and specifications both as to the mechani
cal work and the materials used therein,
contrary to his duties as supervising archi
tect and greatly to the damage of said
county of Santa Cruz."
I'reino'a first Chinese Voter. *—
FRESNO, Cat,., Feb. 20.— Li Moan, a
Chinese, was to-day registered as a voter in
Fresno — the first in the history of the
county. He is 22 years old, and was bqrn
in Visalia, Cal.
To Physician* iti Regular Practice
Will be sent free by mail a sample bottle of
Dr. Edson's Aseptolln,:tne newly discovered
treatment for consumption, etc., together,
with Dr. Edson's paper/reprinted from the
New York Medical Record ot February 8. 1890/
Those who have patients snfleriug Jrom con
sumption are urged to test this remedy. None
nut physicians can use it. Address Equitable
Chemical Company, 30 Rcade fltreet, ' Ke>r
\ork.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1596.
BRUTAL MURDER
AT REDDING
A Young Man Shot by a
Faro-Dealer Without
Provocation.
HAPPENED IN A SALOON.
The Victim Was Joking With
the Proprietor of the Place
at the Time.
DIED WITHOUT A STRUGGLE.
The Murderer Is Captured and Nar
rowly Escapes Being
Lynched.
REDDING, Cal., Feb. 20.— This evening
at 6 o'clock a murder was committed at
the Tiger saloon on California street, in
which Johnny Ward was killed and a man
named Ryan is his slayer.
Ryan is a fat Irishman, weighing about
210 pounds. About tvro months ago he
came - here from Oregon, and Bince that
time he has been dealing faro and other
games at the Tiger saloon, owned by John
Neail. At times he would tend the bar
during the absence of the regular bar
keeper. He is a quarrelsome lellow and
about 40 years old.
The victim, Ward, is a young man not
over 26 years of age and has always been
known as a quiet fellow. He was em
ployed in a bridgegang on the Iron Mount
ain Railroad and was a hard worker. To
day he had been drinking around at vari
ous saloons and was in the habit of joking
with the barkeeper about paying for the
drinks, but he invariably put up the cash.
At 6:15 o'clock this evening he sauntered
into the Tiger saloon. He was perlectly
sober and, stepping up to the bar, called
for the drinks for himself and three of his
friends. Ryan was standing near by, but
not drinking.
John Neail, the proprietor, was tending
bar, and after serving the drinks asked,
"Well, who's to pay for these drinks?"
Young Ward remarked in a jocular way,
"Why, you're going to pay for them," ad
dressing Neail, at the fame time reaching
his hand in his pocket for the cash.
At this Ryan, who was standing about
four feet away, pulied a pistol from his
pocket, walked straight up in front of
Ward, placed the muzzle at Ward's face
and deliberately iired, remarking as he did
so: "You , don't you treat
the old man so."
Ward fell to the floor with a bullet
hole through his cheek and the jugular
vein severed. A tireat pool of blood lay at
his head. He died without a struggle.
The murderer, after firing the shot, broke
and ran through the rear door of the sa
joon and escaped in the darkness. The
officers were notiiied, and in ten minutes
the murderer was found hiding on the
roof of the Welcome Restaurant, on Te
hama street. He was taken down, placed
under arrest and immediately conveyed to
the County Jail.
A great mob followed him to the jail,
eager to get hold of him, but the officers
carefully guarded the prisoner.
Ward and Ryan are said to have been
perfect strangers. It is said by some that
Ward whipped Ryan a year ago, but no
credence is given to the rumor, as Ryan
is twice the size of his victim.
The pistol with which Ryan did the
shooting belonged to Neail and was taken
from behind the bar by Ryan some time
during the day. This afternoon Ryan was
seen to step from the sidewalk in front of
the saloon, pick up a couple of rocks and
put them in his pocket. What this action
meant no one knows.
There are hundreds of Iron Mountain
workmen in town to-night and the feeling
among them runs high against the mur
derer. Should he fall into their hands it
would go hard with him.
The body of the murdered man was re
moved to the Morgue at 7 o'clock and an
inquest is now being held.
Ryan says he pointed the pistol at Ward
simply to intimidate him. He says he
did not know the pistol was a self-cocker
and is sorry for the killing.
"Ward's father is a drayman, living at
Red Bluf|. He has been notified and the
remains will probably be taken there for
burial.
WAS IT PHILIP CROWLEY ?
Desperate Encounter of a San
Jose Constable With a Bold
Highwayman.
The Officer Narrowly Averts Death
and the Prisoner Makes His
Escape.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— A desperate
highwayman made a bold and successful
break for liberty this evening shortly after
8 o'clock and attempted to murder Police
man Monroe.
The affray occurred in the business por
tion of the city at the corner of Santa
Ciara and First streets at a time when the
streets were tilled with people.
The highwayman, whose name is un
known, but who is suspected to be Philip
Crowley, the Alameda outlaw, was ar
rested by Constable Ed Haley on Santa
Clara street. The officer suspected him of
having robbed Charles Berryman, a hack
driver. The latter was held up by a
masked man on the Los Gatos road at 7
o'clock and robbed of a gold watch and $10
in coin.
Mr. Berryman was driving from Los
Gatos and was accompanied by his wife.
The affair was reported to the officers, and
from the description furnished by Berry
man Constable Haley made the arrest.
The robber was a powerful man and
Haley decided to take no chances, so he
drew his pistol and placed the muzzle
against the supposed robber's side.
In this manner he walked with the man
to First street, where he asked Officer
Monroe to take charge of his prisoner for
a few minutes until lie could step across
the street and get Berryman to identify
him.
When Haley turned to go across the
street the robber drew his pistol and
placed it against the officer's abdomen.
Monroe was on the watch, and knocked
the pistol aside and as he did so the robber
hred a shot and the bullet struck the pave
ment.
Monroe had his overcoat buttoned and
was unable to reach for his pistol. He
pulled his club and struck the man over
the head. The burglar then attempted to
shoot the officer in the face and as he did
so Monroe knocked the pistol aside witli
his left arm and struck his assailant with
his club.
The robber then struck at the officer and
fired a shot, the bullet going through
Monroe's coatsleeve. The robber then
made a dash for liberty and ran through
Fountain alley to Second street, pursued
by Officer Monroe and Constables Haley
and Coscnina. A right in the alley fol
lowed, in which twelve shots were fired by
the officers in pursuit.
The robber turned twice and returned
the fire. After leaving the alley he dashed
across Second street and made his escape
through a yard to Third street. During
his encounter in the alley with the
officers he was probably struck by
one of the bullets fired by the officers, for
drops of blood were found four blocks
away where he had gone after his fight
with the officers in the alley. No further
trace of the robber could be found from
this point.
Austrian Colony for Mendodno County.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. 20.— A party of fifty
four immigrants arrived in this city to
day. They are Austrians and have pur
chased the Eden Valley ranch, forty miles
north of this city. The colony will consist
of nearly 300 families when all shall have
arrived. The leader of the party is a priest
named Father Jeram.
SAN DIEGO IS WAKING UP
Talks of Establishing a Steam
ship Line With Japan
ese Ports.
All the Officers of Ships in the Har
bor to Be Banqueted by
Business Men.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 20.—Consider
able interest is being manifested by busi
ness men in a letter lately received from
Japan looking to the establishment of a
steamship line connecting San Diego with
a Japanese port.
It appears that about all the cotton used
in Japan is obtained in this country and
the proposed line of vessels is to be used
primarily in the transportation of this
class of produce. Since the Japanese con
tracts for cotton in vast quantities were
placed with American firms not long ago,
over 1200 carloads of the product have been
shipped through the port of San Francisco.
The agent of the Japanese manufacturers,
it is reported, is A. H. Butler, formerly of
this city, and whose untiring activity was
at the bottom of the establishment of the
Otav watch-factory plant in one of the
Japanese cities. He recommended this
port to the projectors of the steamshin
line in question and the Chamber of Com
merce has been instructed to keep up an
active correspondence witii the Japanese
representatives.
The Chamber of Commerce took steps at
a meeting to-day looking to a grand ban
quet to be tendered by the business men of
the city to all the officers of the ships in
the narbor. Within a few days the Alert,
Marion and Thetis will be in port, and
their officers, with those of the flagships
Philadelphia, Monterey and Albatross,
will make a goodly number. Thedateof
the banquet bus not oeen fixed, but it will
probably be given within a few days. In
extent and elegance it is intended to make
it like tho banquet given by the business
men of the city several years ago to the
officers of the Itata, Mexican warship
Democrata, and other vessels.
WILD RUSH FOR WEALTH
The Colville Indian Reservation
Opened for the Location of
Mining Claims.
A Repetition of the Exciting Scenes
and Incidents of the Cherokee
Strip.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 20.— The intel
ligence that the President had signed the
bill opening half of the Colville Indian
Reservation to the location of minintr
claims was received here a few minutes '
after the signature had been affixed and
from here the news was spread by tele
graph and mounted couriers to thousands
of gold-seekers, who for four days have
been gathering on the borders of the reser
vation waiting to make a rush into the
new gold fields.
When the news reached the various
points a wild scramble for wealth began.
The vast majority are entering that wild
region with no clear idea of where they
will seek the great stores of hidden min
eral known to exist there. They only
want to get there first, somewhere, any
where, so as to get the richest claims. It
is well nigh impossible to prospect that
region at this time owing to snow, but this
fact does not in the least check the mad
desire to join in the rush.
It is only a question of "sooners," as
they will not be able to make any kind of
locations until the snow goes off. Every
one going into the reserve is heavily
armed. It is an open secret that if "soon
ers" are found located in advance they
will be run out of the country or given
short shrift. Hundreds are preparing to
leave this city in the morning to join in
the race for wealth.
A MADMAN IN THE PULPIT
Sacramentans Thrown Into a
Panic During the Marshall
Revival Services.
Terrific Struggle With the Officers
Before the Man Was
Overpowered.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.-Shoitly
before the commencement of the Marshall
revival services this evening, which are
being held in the Sixth-street Methodist
Church in this city, and while the edifice
was crowded with the waiting congrega
tion, an insane man entered the church
and assumed possession of the pulpit.
After announcing that he had been
anointed by the Creator he began a series
of antics that spread disrnay among the
congregation. The police were sent for
and acting Police Captain Ash and Officer
l>ouglas promptly responded.
A terrific struggle ensued, creating the
greatest excitement among the congrega
tion, but the officers eventually succeeded
in throwing him to the floor and hand
cuffing him, after which he was conveyed
to the police station.
As far as can be learned he is a stranger
in the city. He gives the name of Henry
Bloomington, and when searched at the
station $235 in gold coin was found upon
[his person.
JESSE POTTER
A Motion to Reopen the
Cause Is Denied by-
Judge Buck.
A SENSATION IN COURT.
Potter Held to Be Guilty of Per
jury, but Competent to Act
as Executor.
ORDERS ENTERED BY THE CLERK
There Is Now No Straw to Indicate
How the Litigation Will
End.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The
Potter removal suit was before Judge
Buck's court again to-day on a motion
madn by J. H. Campbell, attorney for the
German heirs of the Charles Lux estate,
to reopen the cause for the hearing of
further testimony. Mr. Delmas, who is
associated with Mr. Campbell in this suit,
was absent, and so also was Mr. Pillsbury,
senior counsel for Jesse Sheldon Potter.
Mr. Campbell, in support of his motion,
wished to present the depositions taken
relating to the Sadie Young incident and
the John Brown note, but Mr. Campbell
was interrupted by Mr. McEnerney, who
stated that he would object to the hearing
of the motion, his contention being that
the ten days' notice of riling the motion,
as required bylaw, had not been given,
and that counsel for plaintiff was evi
dently laboring under the idea that five
days' notice was sufficient, as would be the
case if service had only to be made in the
same county in which the suit was
brought.
Mr. McEnerney further argued that an
other motion covering the same matter
was already under advisement, and that
under sections 182 and 183, Code of Civil
Procedure, only one opportunity could be
taken to secure the relief that was desired.
The facts were, that on last Thursday a
motion was made to reopen and introduce
new evidence; an objection was made
and the matter was taken under advise
ment; on the same day a scheme was de
vised by plaintiffs to introduce the depo
sitions in another manner, and it almost
amounted to contempt of court. Under
any circumstances, Mr. McEnerney said,
they had not received the ten days' notice
required by law.
Mr. Campbell therefore glanced through
the codes, and said yes, they had acted
under the assumption of a five days' no
tice, and if ten days were required he
might as well stop right there. At the
same time, the notice was an oversight
tnat had occurred in the routine of office
work and without his knowledge. He
suggested that the matter might be cov
ered by filing a brief.
Judge Buck interrupted Mr. Campbell
and said that the filing of a brief would
not be necessary. He should not grant
the motion anyway, and the question was
not debatable even.
Mr. Campbell said that, unfortunately,
Mr. Delmas was absent, and that as it had
fallen upon Mr. Delmas to conduct the
case, he hoped that an opportunity would
be granted for Mr. Delmas to be heard,
and that Mr. Delmas would not be fore
closed.
Judge Buck stated that he should not
consent to reopen the case. He held that
Jesse Potter had committed perjury, but
he thought with Mr. McEnerney, that the
opinion of Judge de Haven was good,
wherein the latter held that because a per
son has committed perjury, it does not
disqualify him to act as an executor.
This ruling came as a peal of thunder
from a clear sky, because when Judge
Buck announced last Thursday that he
would hold that Jesse Potter had* commit
ted perjury, it was taken as an indication
that Jesse Potter would be made to suffer
accordingly.
At the above point in to-day's proceed
ings Judge Buck directed Court Clerk
Schaberg to enter the following orders:
"In to-day's motion to reopen the Potter
removal suit, Mr. McEnerney's objection
sustained and motion dismissed. In the
motion to reopen made February 13 and
argued by Messrs. Delmas and McEner
ney, motion denied."
To-day's action throws an element of
uncertainty about the Jesse Potter litiga
tion, and there is now no straw to indicate
which way the decision may go. The
naming of Jess? Potter's successor is ihe
hone of contention. The various Charles
Lux, Jesse Potter, Miller & Lux and out
side interests appear to be pulling togeth
er, but in opposite directions, in hope of
securing the prize.
The ninety day's time within which a
Superior Judge may render a decision does
not expire in this instance until about the
middle of March.
TULARE'S FORTY THIEVES
Joe Middleton, Leader of the Gang,
Is on Trial for Robbery
at Selma.
A Few of His Numerous Criminal Ex
ploits as Narrated by a
Witness.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 20.— Joe Middleton,
a former member of the Tulare forty
thieves gang, who has just completed a
term in the Kings County Jail, had hia
preliminary examination before the Jus
tice of the Peace at Selma to-day, on a
charge of robbing a sheepherder named
Antone Palmitel last June, some miles
south of Selma.
Charles Barlow, a witness for the people,
by the sdvice of Sheriff Buckner of Kings
County, gave some extremely sensational
testimony tending to convict Middleton
not only of the charge against him in this,
but, of many robberies and thefts in Tulare,
Kings and Fresno counties.
In the depredations, Middleton, so wit
ness declared, was associated with E. M.
Jefferds ana Claud Armstrong, both of
whom are now in State prison. He said
that Middleton had formerly been asso
ciated with the famous Dalton gang of
train-robbers. The witness had himself
been an uuwilling witness to some of Mid
dleton's crimes. A striking feature of
Barlow's testimony was that it exactly
coincided with that eiven by the Portu
guese, Palmitel, who had been robbed.
At the conclusion of Barlow's testimony
Mirtdleton was held to the Superior Court
of this county with bail fixed at $.'SOOO,
which he failed to give and is now in jail.
Officers of Doth counties regard Barlow's
testimony as of the greatest importance,
since it clears up ninny cases of theft and
robbery heretofore wrapped in complete
mystery. It is further believed that by
means of Barlow's sworn statement the
remaining portion of this band, which has
been a sore affliction to stockmen in the
counties named for many years, may be
completely broken up.
Barlow, with great deliberation, located
the three rendezvous of the outlaws, which
were at Camp Badger, famed by Evans
and Sontag, "Wildflower and Tulare Lake.
Sale of the Kansas City Times.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 20.— The
Kansas City Times, a morning daily of
Democratic principles, was sold under
mortgage foreclosure this afternoon.
Wiley O. Cox, a local banker, bid it in for
himself and Harvey Salmon of Clinton,
Mo., a member of the Democratic State
Central Committee for $8'J,300.
tlith Ilutitjon'a Remain*.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 20.— The
steamer Havel, from Bremen, passed in
at Sandy Hook at 1:40 this morning,
having on board the remains of the late
Embassador Theodore Runyon.
ARIZONA'S GREAT FIESTA
Her Capital City Thronged With
Visitors From All Parts
of the Coast.
No Such a Celebration Ever Held
Before in the Territory's
History.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 20.— T0-day 20,000
people witnessed the firemen's tourna
ment which took place on Washington
6treet. This morning there were bicycle
races at the park, and most of the prizes
went to Tucson. Slater, the Arizona won
der, was in three races, tut did not get a
place.
The special train carrying the Los An
geles Merchants' Association, 100 strong,
leaves to-morrow for home, having spent
two days here. They say the parade dis
play exceeded anything ever given on the
coast.
A grand fireworks display now illumi
nates the sky as never before in Arizona.
The Maricopa Club is entertaining a large
number of visitors at the banquet hall,
while at the pavilion in the park several
hundred couples are dancing.
To-morrow (Indian day) over a thousand
braves and 700 Indian school children will
participate in the ceremonies. The chil
dren will give a literary showing of the
Indians to-day, while the warriors of all
the Arizona tribes here will show the war
dances, harvest festivities and quaint cus
toms of past generations.
The city is crowded with visitors, yet all
are cared for. A great feature this even
ing was the military parade of three com
panies of soldiers from Foil Whipple, also
National Guards, headed by a military
band. There was a reception at 7 o'clock
in the Governor's chambers at the City
Hall, where hundreds were received.
SANTA BARBARA'S WATER
Assemblyman Barker's Offer to'
Supply the City From
His Tunnel.
The Proposition Will Be Fully Con
sidered and Terms Doubtless
Agreed Upon.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 20.— The
water question received an electric shock
to-day, when a proposition was submitted
to the City Council by James h. Barker,
Assemblyman from this district, offering
to supply the city with water from his
tunnel in Cold Springs canyon, at the rate
of $2000 for the first ten miner's inches,
and $1500 for each additional inch.
Mr. Barker's tunnel, which he began
boring last summer on his own individual
responsibility, is now producing an excess
of twelve and one half inches, and is being
steadily pushed into the mountains with
every prospect of finding new streams as
it progresses. Experts agree that the sup
ply is a permanent one, and as the entire
present supply of the city scarcely exceeds
the flow from the Barker tunnel in the dry
season, the offer becomes an important
one, and will receive serious consideration.
The site of the tunnel being bored at the
expense of the city is only a few hundred
feet from the Barker tunnel, and it is
altogether likely that the city will make
terms with Mr. Barker and unite the sup
ply from both tunnels in one supply pipe.
■
To develop a lump like that on your arm — a lump of
hard muscle — you have to call forth all the vital energy
in your body to the tempering of this ■ one feature. That
robs the vital organs of much nutrition. That is. why so
many people grow weaker in vital strength as they get
stronger, bigger and fatter in tissue. The big, red-faced
man is often depleted in vital power because it takes all
his vitality to feed his large body. The structure calls
for more animal vitality than the nutritive glands can
supply. Such men need Electricity. They need j
It Soaks the weakened system with Electricity every
night while you sleep. Electricity is the life of the vital
forces, and it will build the vital energy up to an equality
with the muscular vigor. It makes manhood complete.
Testimonials— -Dr; Sanden hardly "finds it necessary
to quote them any more, but his book, "Three Classes of
Men," gives the names of many hundreds who have been
made new men. Get it, free.
JS-^INTIDIEIINr IsXj3EO i ra.3:C3 00., '
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISC*
Office Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings. 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1. '
t FoxttanOj OrejKQS« OfflcSj 233 Wasbtngton Street
41 STUKJF LUCK,"
A Mining Man Falls Right on
His Feet in This State.
Found Some Camps |That Did Not
"Pan Out."
mHERE ARE A FEW THINGS IN THE
-*- world that will stand as landmarks as long
as the English language is spoken, and not an
inconspicuous one is the typical Californian
gold-miner. He has fewer traits that leave a
disagreeable memory than most of the rugged
types of the world; and he has more of the
genuine manly spirit than most people who get
lauded for their conspicuous bravery. Accus-
tomed to face hard times as well as "the har-
vest of plenty," ho learns, without knowing it
almost, to sympathize with the "weak and
weary." And when things do not look par-
ticularly roseate with Him he accepts the con-
dition of affairs with a complacency that is
matchless as well as admirable. One of the
younger men who to-day are to be found try-
ing to carve out for themselves "name and
fame" in the mines is Mr. A. Burton, who is
now in the great gold-bearing section of Grass
Valley. Mr. Burton is an honest, good-natured
fellow. He has had nis share of misfortune,
too, and when a few months ago he wa< stricken mr
right in the middle of his work with a most
dangerous disease it seemed as though fate had
determined to "down him." But he Imme-
diately, "struck out" for the Hudson Medical
Institute, the institution which has become so
famous on account of the. wonderfully clev. r
work of the specialists practicing there, and as
& result he is back at work again, and thank-
ful for what has been done for him. He has
written as follows to the managers:
GRASS VALLEY, Cal, Aug. 15, 1895.
Hudson Medical Institute. San Francisco. Cal.—
Gentlemen: I have received three letters from
you which were sent to Downieville. I have been
to Gold V alloy aiiH.to Nevada and through nearly
all the mining camps ever since, and that was the
reason that I did not Ret my mail before. The
medicine that I took did me lots of gooi, and I
shall soon send lor some more. Youth respect-
iully, . A. BURTON.
So although Mr. Burton has not "struck it
very rich" in the mining camps recently he
certainly made no mistake when he becam* J^
sick as to where to go. But every one has the
same experience who applies to this "Mecca
for all the sick" for assistance. Thousands o?
testimonials bear out the absolute truth of this
assertion. For instance:
■F. Minturn, St. Louis, Mo. : "I desire to ex-
press my sincere thanks for the careful ar.
conscientious manner in, which my case hi,
been treated by you."
5. M. Hooker of Los Angeles ■writes: "I no'.r
feel as though I am a cured and a well mar. '
K. C. Taft of Stowe, Cal., says: "lamfeelic;;
fine without a sign of disease now."
G. 11. Bent: "By the time I get the medi
taken that I have now I don't think that I will
need any more."
It is a satisfactory thing to see all these ex-
pressions of good opinion and good ■vrtll coming
in, as they do, by the hundreds daily to the
physicians of the great Hudson Institute, af-
fording further proof that if you are suffering
from any curable disease -there is no place
where you will get help so PROMPTLY and
SATISFACTORILY.
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; all functional nercoui
diseases; St. Vitus' dance; hysteria; shaking
palsy; epilepsy; all venereal diseases; all
kinds of blood troubles; ulcers; waste of vital
forces; rheumatism; gout; eczema; all skin
diseases, from whatever cause arising; psori-
asis; all blood poisoning; varlcocele; poison
oak; lost or impaired manhood; spinal trou-
ble; nervous exhaustion and prostration; in-
cipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lumbago;
sciatica; all bladder troubles; dyspepsia; in« '
digestion; constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating depart-
ment. Special instruments for bladder trou-
bles.
0f Circulars and Testimonial* cf tht
Great Hudyan Sent Free.
HUDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
i 42ARNYSI
T BTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUS
JL •yes and fit them to Spectacles or Bysglauss
with Instruments of his own invention, wao»»
superiority nas sot been equaled. Mj taoooaa iu
M«n duo to the merits of my woric
Office Hours— 1- to -i e. m.
E ?PATENTsf 3
MARKET SXsIfSSmB^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS, THB
O great Mexican - Remedy; gives Health aoi
Strength to the Sexual Organs.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPP, ATTORNET-AT.
I \J law and Notary Public, 638 Market »t., oppo»
; site Palace Hotel. Keaidence, 16'20 Fell §t. Tel#
| phone 670. Residence telephone, "Pin* 2091."JULIUS KRAFFT
WINS THE PRIZE.
Regents Accept a Design!
for the Affiliated
Colleges.
THEEE BALLOTS TAKEN. ;
The Architecture a Modern Adap- ■
tation of the Early
Renaissance.
THE VOTE IN SECRET SESSION.
Governor Budd Championed the Cause
of Architect Pelton — Albert
Sutton Had Supporters.
The Regents of the State University
were in session seven hours yesterday at
the Mark Hopkins Institute. They lis-
DESIGN FOR THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES ADOPTED BY THE REGENTS.
tened to professors, consisting architects
and competing architects on subject
of plans fur the affiliated colleges, and
then went into executive session and
accepted the design submitted by Martens,
Krafft & Coffey.
The consulting architects, Clinton Day,
Albert I'issis and Walter Mathews, were
questioned at length by Governor Budd
aad >>;aer members of the board.
Clinton l>ay s-aid the committee rut the
adaptability of Krafft's ground plan to the
list of requirements and found it first.
The committee aid not put Krafft's ex
terior first, but named Curletl's plan as
hvice for exterior.
Mr. Mathews replying to the Governor
arid Urgent Reinstem said the committee
. the number of superficial feet in
Kxafft's plan and found it the lowest.
Governor Budd— Do you think Krafft's
building would be a thing of beauty and a
joy forever?
Mr. Mathews— lt represents a style of
architecture used in educational buildings
in England.
After the consulting architects were
heard the competing architect;, William ;
Curlett, 0. C. McDougall, Albert button, !
J. C. Pelton and Julius C. Krafft, were
given an opportunity to set forth at length
the merits of their respective plans.
Dr. Beverly 11. Colo of the College of
Medicine, Judge O. P. Evans of the Law
College, Dr. Becket of the College of Phar
macy, ]>.". Bkiefi of the Veterinary Col- j
lege joined in the discussion. Dr. Cole fa- |
vored the Sufton plans. Judge Evans, Dr. i
Uecket and Dr. fek:eff expressed prefer- j
ence for the I'clton design. Dr. Dunbar of
the Dental College was absent, but Dr.
Oole assured the board that his prefer
ences were the same as liis own. Accord
ing to the count the professors stood three
for I'eiton and two for Sutton.
More talk ensued. The Governor man
aged to divert attention to the Stockton
Free Library building, a beautiful edifice
•lei t>y Mr. Pelton.
Late in "the afternoon Timothy Guy
. s introduced a resolution to the ef- j
feet that in the acceptance of any plan |
il.ere should be a primary condition that !
the architect whose plan is accepted should
L-;ve a bond of $oOOC that bids will bo re- |
i <*ived from contractors who will them- i
- enter inlo sufficient bonds to con
struct the building for $2.50.000.
This resolution was adopied by a unani
mous vote.
Another resolution was adopted, provid- i
in;; that the successful architect should !
make such alterations as should be or- j
dered.
The desire to end the discussion by vot- .
i:iL r l/Li.ame manifest, and so Regc-nt Phelps >
: to go into executive session. The j
motion prevailed and tbe regents had the :
room to themselves for an hour.
The discussion was quite animated. ;
Governor Budd championed the cause of :
Pelton, while others waved the banner of j
- • D. The content in the beginning was ;
between the two architects mentioned, and
each was summoned by telephone to re
turn to the Institute.
Tbe first ballot resulted: Sutton 8, Pel
ton 6, Kraft 1. |
The second ballot stood: Sutton 8, Pel
too 7.
On the third ballot Sutton received 1, j
Pel?on4 and Kraft 10.
The n mben present were Governor
Budd, Speaker Lynch, Superintendent of ,
Instruction Black; Regents Foote, Mar
tin, Phelps, Houghton, Ro<!gers. Chase,
Bartlett, Kellogg, Marye, Crocker, Rein
stein aud Miller.
A resolution that the plans of Martin,
Krafft & Coffey be approved and adopted i
mis introduced by Regent Rodgers and
adopted by the board.
Another resolution was adopted to the
■ !iat the successful architects should
] rnvide working plans and specifications
tor bidders inside of forty days.
1 banks were extended' to the unsuccess- |
f;n bidders.
Tiie oriicial report submitted last i
Wednesday by tho committee of expert
architects "contains this mention of tne
i iv.riiijtied by Messrs. Kraffi, Mar
i Coffey :
• • plan: of the several buildings of
■•-i-Mi show a thorough study of the
reouiremeuts. All the services are direct;
the different parts are easy of access and
well located; the halls, stairs r.nd rooms
are weil lighted.
'The main assembly room occupies a i
: position at me rear of the center;
ig. li- form is excellent and prop- ;
ei y treated would make a. noble hall. The ;
•s and doorways at each side should j
bt <i,larged somewhat.
•'ihe exterior of these buildings is only
shown by a perspective, small in scale and
not. suiiiciently studied."
During the discussion which occupied
the better part of two days frequent refer
ence was made to the modern adaptation
ol early renaissance in this design. Mr.
Kraflt said to the Regents that modern
buildings of Oxford and Eton were of this
type.
The foundation and first story will be of
granite and the upper stories of brick and
stone, and the roofs of .slate.
COMING FROM GEORGIA.
First Fruits of the California State
Board of Trade's Exhibit.
J. A. Fileher, manager of the State
Board of Trade, states that the California
exhibit at Atlanta has Deeun to bear fruit.
The exhibit was sent to the Atlanta Expo
sition for the purpose of attracting the at
tention of Eastern and Southern people to
the advantages and products of this State.
While the exposition was open thou
sands of people from all parts of the
United States and the world visited the
California department, and all were
amazed at the variety and quality of the
nroductions of the Golden State. There
was a great demand for information relat
ing to California, and where land could be
obtained at reasonable rates. All inquir
ers were answered at the California ex
hibit department, and hundreds of people
stated that they would sooner or later set
tle in tiiis State.
Yesterday Mr. Filcher received a letter
of inquiry from Pendergrass, Jackson
County, Ga. The writer stated that the
heads of several families of that town had
seen the California exhibit at the Atlanta
fair and have since made all arrangements
t'> niov« to this State and buy farms.
Their attention had been attracted to the
foothills of Sonoma and Sacramento
counties, and as s.ion as they could gat
i further information as to their chance of
securing land they would decide and start
West at once. The writer states that
others in that vicinity are anxious to
settle in California and will do so as soon
as they can sell out in Georgia.
Mr. Filcher sent on at once the desired
information in the shape of reports and
statistics from those and other localities.
SURE THEY ARE GENUINE
Dr. Dall's Statement Concerning
the Jeannette Relics Crit
icized.
1 Professor Davidson Writes t& Secre
tary Lund of the Geographical
Society.
Dr. William S. Dall has stirred up the
: feelings of the members of the Geograph
' ical Society of the Pacific to a considerable
degree by his statement concerning the
Jeannette's relics which was telegraphed
to The Call a few days ago. Dr. Dall says
he believes the discovery of the alleged
relics was the result of a foolish prank on
; the part of some one connected with tlie
naval vessel that visited Greenland that
; year.
Members oi the Geographical Society of
the Pacific do not so believe and never
have believed it. Professor George David
son, therefore, upon seeing the published
statement of Professor Dall, at once wrote
to Secretary Lund of the society concern
■ ing it. Following is the note:
Henry Lnnd E*q..tl!i California street, Secretary
Society of the Pacific— My Dear Bro. Lond: I
beg to call your attention to h telegraphic
I statement in this morning's (all by William
I Dail of the United States Geographical Survey,
! in which he declares that the alleged discovery
! of tne Jeannette relics in .Julianahaab, the
southwest point of Greenland, was due to a
foolish prank, etc.. as per inclosure from The
Call. Such a statement involves the integrity
of the Government officers at Julianahaab
and the Royal Geographical Society at Copen
hagen. As you are personally Jamiliar with
ellthe reported details of the discovery of tne
relics, which have been specifically described,
i I beg that you will draw up a concise statc
i ment to the Geographical Society of the Pacific
' recalling all that is known of this matter, in
' order that we may officially transmit the same
to the Geographical Society of Copenhagen
and thereby obtain from them a (statement
■ that shall put this matter to rest.
The geographical societies of this country
; aud of Europe cannot permit Mr. Dall's state.
,' Blent togo forth unchallenged without show
' ing the reported trickery. Yours very truly,
George Davidson,
; President Geographical Society of the Pacific.
When seen yesterday Mr. Lund said:
"The Call has already printed excerpts
from a lecture delivered by Carl Laytzen,
director of the settlement of Julianahaab,
Greenland, concerning these relics. He
believes them to De genuine. It is not at
; all likely that the eminent and learned
1 men of the Copenhagen Society could be
fooled in this matter. There is no doubt
in my mind that they were genuine. How
they were lost has already been told."
Some action will probably be taken by
1 the society.
• — #■ — •
For the Fourth Trial.
The fourth trial of the suit of Lena Goodenow
: and her children against the Omnibus Cable
Railroad* Company came up before Judge
I Daingerlield yesterday. The plaintiff is suing
• for irTiO.ooo damages for tne death of her hus
band, who died :«oiue weeks utter an accident
' which happened on defendant's cars ou No
vember 1-1, 18!)1. Tne BXSt two trials resulted
I in a disagreement, in the third trial a verdict
j for the plaintiff lor .f2JUO was rendered, but
this was net aside by Judge Hunt ou the
I ground that it was a "sympathy" verdict. The
fourth trial is now going on.
Canned by Despondency.
I Michael Cohen, known as "Red Mike," a
butcher in ButcbertQwn, swallowed. a dose of
j carbolic acid last night in his room in the
Lindell House, '202 Sixth street. He was taken
, to the Receiving Hospital: in an unconscious
condition and Drs. Thompson and ; Stice • ex
pressed the opinion that he could not live
' many hours. Despondency is attributed as
the cause. . • . -'">
Troquoia' Banquet.
The annual banquet of the I roquois braves
! will be held ai Delmonico's Saturday evening.
Governor Hiuld will probably be present aad
re.-.pou'i to the toast, "California."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1596.
THE LAST OF THE SEASON
The Cunningham Cotillon on
Monday Night Led by-
Miss Houghton.
LARGE LUNCHEON PARTIES.
Mrs. Van Fleet Gives a Charming
Luncheon for Her Sister, Miss
Fanny Crocker.
With the Mardi Gras ball on Tuesday !
evening the social season presumably j
came to a close, and all festivities should ;
l>e abandoned. Society rigorously ob- i
serves Lent lor the first few days, and then '
the teas and luncheons and drum parties
begin again. The only rule the smart set
rigidly adheres to is that there must be no ;
dancing during the penitential season, i
The last few days preceding the Lenten
season were crowded with entertainments. !
On Monday evening Mrs. Cunningham en- .
tertained about fifty young people at a !
dance at her lovely home on Pacific ave
nue. Everything that a thoughtful hostess
could do for the enjoyment of her guests
waa conscientiously attended to and the
result was the young people had a delight
ful time.
The vast billiard-room, with its highly
polished floor, made a splendid ballroom,
ai.d the dining-room and library were also
placed at the disposal of the guests. Peach \
and apple blossoms were effectively used
for decoration.
General dancing was in order until sup
per time, and after the cotillon was in
order, with Miss Houghton as leader — u
delicate compliment to the leap year. Five
figures were danced, and there were origi
nal and dainty favors.
On Monday afternoon Miss Helen Boss,
one of this years debutantes, enfertained
a number of young ladies at an elaborate
luncheon at the University Club. Violets
and daffodils decorated the table. Miss .Boss' .
guests were the Misses Hannah and Juli- j
ette Williams, Miss Kip, Miss Mary Kip,
Miss Genevieve Goad, Miss Cora Smedley,
Miss Erwin. Miss Emma Butler, Miss
Carrie Taylor, Miss Mhoon, Miss Celia
Tobin, Miss Wilson, Miss Helen Wool
worth, Miss Louise Harrington, Miss
Frances Curry, Miss Daisy Van Ness and
Mrs. Taylor.
Another luncheon atftne University Club
K. OISHI, EDITOR OF THE SHINBLN, THE GREAT DAILY PAPER OF JAPAN.
[From a photograph.]
on Monday was given by Miss Farquhar
soin Srailax and hyacinths dc-corated the
table, and four knots of red satin ribbon
and red shaded candles lent a vi rid dash
of color to the pretty ensemble.
The luncheon was in honor of Miss
Castle, whose enjrauement to Charles Far
quharson was recently announced.
Seated at the table were: Miss Blanche
Castle, Miss Eva Castle, Mrs. Frame
Moody, Mrs. Fanny Lent, Mrs. Beverly
MacMonugle, Mrs. Cowles, Mrs. Barnett,
Mrs. Probert, Miss Grube, Miss Van
Winkle, Miss Carter, Miss McNeil, Miss
Bowen and Miss Clark.
On Tuesday Mrs. Van Fleet gave a
charming little luncheon in honor of her
sister, Miss Fanny Crocker.
Luncheon was served at 1:30 o'clock at a
table artistically decorated with anple
blossoms. Seated at tne table were: Mrs.
Van Fleet, Miss Crocker, Miss Biair, Miss
Ella Morgan, Miss Eleanor Wood, Miss
Cluness. Miss Eva Castlp, Miss Blanche
Castle, Miss Alice Owen ana Mrs. Rudoijjh
Spreckels.
On Friday last Mme. B. Ziska nnd the
young ladies of her school gave a valentine
party in honor of the Italian officers of the
warship Colombo, now in port.
The drawing-rooms were beautifully
decerated with violets and golden acacia.
Light refreshments were served Jrom the
buffet during the evening, which was made
pleasant with music and dancing.
A charming euchre party was given on
Saturday afternoon, February 15, by Miss
Blanche Baldwin, at her residence, 3700
Washington street. The quests were: Miss
Florence Stone, Miss Dorothy Ames, Miss
Mattie . WJiittier, . Mis3 \ Feldman, Miss
Woods, Miss Charlotte Cunningham, Miss
Elsie Bowman. Miss Helen Amiros, Miss
Bryant. Miss Martei, Mrs. F. L. Whitney,
the Misses Anna and Louise. Sheppard,
Miss Florence Poyan,. Mrs. Bert Stone,
Miss S. Wells, Miss Man, Miss Sweigert,
Miss Anga Deuprey. Miss May Palmer,
Miss Field, Miss Rambo. Mrs. B. Baldwin
Jr., Miss M. Ayers, Miss E. Moffat, Miss
May Colburn. The prizes were won by
Miss Kosalynde Bryant, Miss Anna Shep
pard, Mrs. P. L. Whitney, Mrs. Bert
Stone. After the game a dainty supper
was served in the dining-room. •"
The pupils of Whittier School, sixth
grade, were given a reception in honor of
the thirteenth birthday of one of their
classmates, Willie B. Rush, son of the late
Captain E. C. Rash, at the residence of his
mother, .1733 Lincoln street, at North
Berkeley.- >:-'/ '
, The parlors and dining-room were bpau
tifully decorated with ferns and cut flow
ers, and the house and grounds illumi
nated with-.Chinese. lanterns. The young
people had a most enjoyable time. :
The guests were: Mabel Gerrine, Mabel
Edwards, Edith Bruns, Toney Cooper,
Emma Hahn, Clara Boynton, Alice Zen
ger, Hattie Martin, Sarah Mathews, Willie
Cavalier, Elmer Nelson. Ross Cooper. Ber
nard Smith, Bob Finn, Louis Pape, Archie
Taber, Charles Sleeper, Wendell Farrar,
Harold Piatt, Winlield Mathew, Willie B.
Rust. ' ! t':.',
The wedding of Miss Lillian Burgess,
daughter of 'George H. Burgess, and
Walter Doughty, son of the late Kev. John
Doughty, took place Saturday, February
15, at "the Sweden borgian 'church oil
U'Farrell street at 2 o'clock.
The church was uniquely decorated in
greens with garlands of smilax, and a few
minutes past 2 the weddine procession
entered the obnrch to the strains of the
Wedding March and the knot was tied by
the Rev. V. L. Higgins.
The bride looked very lovely in a pown
of light blue siik and point lace. Miss
Mabel Burgess, the bride's sister, acted as
bridesmaid, and wore an elegant white
Bwiaa gown. Mr, ue Prosse acted as best
man,
After the ceremony and many congratu
lations Mr. and Mrs. Doughty departed for
ttie south for their honeymoon.
EDITOR OF THE SHINBUN
One of Japan's Great Journalists
on the Baneful Press
Censor.
A Surprisingly Cheap Daily, With Dis
patches Averaging Only 50 to
100 Words Each.
K. Oishi, who for two years past has
been managing editor of the famous
Japanese daily newspaper, Hochi Shinbun
of Tokio, is at the Occidental.
The editor has been working pretty hard
and is on a vacation. He will make a tour
of the world. Mr. Oishi in his youth spent
tight years in the United States, and was
thoroughly educated in all the English
branches.
He tells some odd and curious things
about the way a modern newspaper is con
ducted in the land of the chrysanthemum.
The Hochi Shinbun, wnich title literally
means Mail Gazette, is one of the oldest
newspapers in Japan. Its circulation ap
proximates 150.0U0, and all cla.-scs read it.
It is a journal of six pages, each the size
of a page of Tin: Call, and it is furnished
for the low rate of 15 cents a month of our
money.
'•liverything is cheap in Japan," said
Editor Oishi. "That's how we manage to
furnish so trood a paper for so little. We
have rive editors and fifteen reporters.
The heads of the departments consist of
telegraph, commmercial, internal and
foreign editors, besides the managing edi
tor. Our local news is gathered from all
overTokio and suburban places, but it is
more brief than in America by a great
deal.
'"It is the same way with our teleeraph
news. Our foreign dispatches are compar
atively few, as we do not yet feel the
need of them, except as regards very
important matters of national moment.
"The bulk of the dispatches therefore are
internal. These come from all over Japan.
They are short, averaging, as a rule, about
■ r >o or 100 words each. It is rare, i'nderd,
that any telegram reaches 200 words. We
lind a news service of this kind very satis
factory.
"One of the worst things for an enter
prising daily paper to contend against in
Japan is the press censor. Whenever we
say anything that this censor doesn't like
he shuts clown on us lor a couples of weeks
or so, and in the face of his edict love or
money can't tret tiie paper out. We have
been shut down manv a time.
"There.is a big building in Tokio full of
press censors. / Each day' after the paper
comes out they go over it to see if there 5s
anything'offensive to the Government. > If
there is we have to cease publication till
they give us notice that we can go on
again.-..;. ■■"•.,.-. ..-: : . ■. - : ---' J >r t )
"For several ; years we have been trving
to get this law repealed. The lower House
has steadily been in | favor of it, ;- but > the
upper House, which is j mainly i composed
01 nobles.' defeats it every time.
"ItwouM be bad for' the people if they
got to robbini: ; .the treasury, but -as yet I
don't think they , have done that. ? Any
way, we can write around the subjects and
yet bring out our points in such a wav as
ta make it unpleasant for them. .The law,
however, sadly needs repealing. What we
need is an absolutely free press."
Editor Oislii will be absent from Japan
for two years. He will spend considerable
time in both America and Europe. He
appears to be scarcely 40 years old.
"The Japanese newspapers closely re
semble those of the United States in many
respects. They print the latest news with
Ihe latest and most improved machines.
Some of them are just as sober and in
structive, others just as sentimental, still
others just as enterprising. The develop
ment of journalism in that country is
indeed surprising, but taking everything
into consideration I do not think the
Japanese are much behind the Americans
in this as in ninny other things.
"Twenty years ago the Mikado's people
did not know what a newspaper was.
Now there are more than Jifteen different
daily pacers in Tokio alone, and at least
one or two papers in each of the numer
ous towns scattered throughout tiio
country. In Japan even a peasant, who
lias been working hard under the b;azing
sun of a summer day,
Tliere, at the foot of yonder nodding beech.
That vreathes its old, fantastic roots so high. I
liis UatiOM length at iiooiuitle woulu be
s retched.
And instead of 'poring upon the brook
that babbles by' will attentively read a
morning journal.
"A coolie who lives on half a cent a day is
equally anxious to know the current news.
This is not a newsiniperlike tale of my
own creation, but it has been obssrved by
many foreign travelers in Japan.
"The leading journals consist of from ten
to twelve large pages, and contain edito
rials, news, commercial nores, foreign ami
internal dispatches, some illustrations and
a bit of novels, which appear as a series
for a month or so. Some of the papers
are party organs, some are independent.
Their staff is composed of the managing
editor, the editors in charge of different
departments, such as foreign, internal,
commercial, etc, and finally the reporters,
among whom the fair ssx is not yet num
bered in Japan. They all try hard, like
their brethren in the United States, to
teach the people 'to be healthy, wealthy
and wise,' but as to whether* they are
themselves all such there is room for douot.
i'At any rate the Japanese journals are
not blessed in all the earthly things, owing
to the Government censorship ollicera to
whom I have already alluded, who are
Specially appointed for the purpose, watch
all the papers very closely every day as
they come out, and if they find any article
which they deem detrimental to the mo
rality or the peace of the country, the
issue of that unfortunate paper which con
tains that article is at once suspended till
such time as the Government thinks
proper, which is in practice a week or two.
"This suspension always causes no insig
nificant linancial loss to the paper, and
thus becomes a means of inflicting a severe
punishment upon it. No wonder that all
the Japanese journalists despise this law.
For myself, I cannot see any justice in the
Jaw, waich encroaches upon that great
right of a self-governing people — the liberty
of speech. Of course newspaper men are
not gods, and will at times lose the control
of both their temper and pens, but in such
a case there are other and better methods
of Ciiastismg them than by the Govern
ment censorship. Very soon, however,
this peculiar feature will doubtless vanish,
as darkness before light, when the Japan
ese newspapers will become so interesting
and instructive that 1 may teel sorry for
those who cannot read them."
WILL APPEAR IN OPERA
S. Homer Henley Has Signed a
Contract With the Tav
ary Company.
Manager Pratt Prophesies a Great
Future for the California
Singer.
S. Homer Henley, a well-known local
singer, is to join the ranks of the Tavary
Grand Opera Company. The engagement
begins next Saturday, and the debutant
is to receive the initial salary of $150 a
week.
It was only last Sunday that Mr. Henley
went to Charles P. Pratt, the manager of
the Tavary Company, to have his voice
tried. lie sang a bass aria, and though
the manager was delighted with his voice
he intimated that he did not believe the
singer to be really a basso. At Mr. Pratt's
request the singer ascended into the bary
tone regions, rendering, among other
arias, the well-Known "loreador 1 ' song
from "Carmen."
Then Pratt became fairly enthusiastic
and expressed an ardent desire to secure
tiie California singer for his company next
season, tne conditions being that Mr", lien
ley was to consider himself h barytone and
was to perfect himself in leading barytone
solos in the various operas of the Tavary
Company's repertory. The manager also
suggested that Mr. Henley should make a
debut immediately with the company in
one of the interior towns, to give himself a
trial on the lyric stage.
According to later developments, how
ever, Manager Pratt has decided not to
run tne rist of letting the California
singer slip through his fingers and has
therefore closed the engagement at once.
Members of the company who have beard
Air. Henley, say that there are magnifi
cent possibilities for his voice developing
into a dramatic barytone of the highest
order. He already sings with excellent
school.
Homer Henley will be rembered as hay
ing successfully sung the role of Elijah in
the second performance of the "Elijah" at
Metropolitan Temule, under t lie baton of
James Hamilton Howe. Mr. Henley was
then singing a bass soio, and it is as a
barytone that, he is expected to make a
great future. His low notes on that occa
sion proved a little light for the role, but
otherwise he gave proof of possessing a
brilliant voice.
It is not yet decided in which opera
Henley will make his debut, but he will
probably sing with the Tavany Company
tirst in one ot the interior towns.
The United States raise more tobacco
than any other country on the giobe.
British India comes next, producing nearly
as much.
NEW TO-DAT.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
'gwiff wiff -iffiffflf w .ww wwwwiff lintnffiff wwnr ww^
• — «>»
I Warm |
I Wearings!|
;:; Just the things to lounge around the house in. =2
fE: Better and more dressy than wrappers, and good =5s
3T: enough to wear in the street if you want to. 3
I Duck Suits. I
A't I C%f\ 1 Made of navy-blue ducks with
f-\V *pi.V%J I w hite polka dots; blazer jackets =|
P^ir'l-^ 1 with large sleeves aud full rH|
1-^CI.V'H* I skirts ; sizes 32, 34, 36 and 38.
S^ Were sold at $2. r£
* —^
A.'t" CA 1 Made of light and medium color 3
r^l, %pi.^UH double-faced ducks iu blazer 3
F^ir'h I jackets, and dark-colored ducks 3
l-<CI.CII« gi n box coa • both styles have 3
extra large sleeves and full
skirts ; sizes 34, 36, 38 and 40. 3
Were sold at $2 50 and $3.
-r.<
The above lines of Duck Suits are left from !2
last season, and as the styles have not materially
changed are quite "up-to-date." For a low-price 3
knock-about costume they will give the service of a 3
suit at four times the cost. Come early to be sure 3:
[^ of your size.
I Ladies' Shirt Waists |
% At 35 Cents Each. 3
S^ Light ground, fancy striped and figured percales 31
S= and calicos, with stiff collars and cuffs ; all sizes =31
S^ from 32 to 42 among them. Last season's styles
that sold up to $1 25 apiece. This is a clearance 53
St= sale to make room for the new goods. =5.
„»_ _^
- - ------ R _^^?.s?s?is?^y- r': ; , " „ „
LOW RATES BY RAIL
i*o^i.'r'j^'A.iixrx>. 03E1..
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 23,
Ami Every Fifth U»v Thereafter.
Leave from s. p. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St.. at 8:00 p. H.
A^ r A— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
V* /• 0 U Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, Including berth in fflj 1 K.OO
Pullman i-"tundard .Sleeper, tJJ)Xc) .
SPEC! " L NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
eeneers at Intermediate stations, nor will UoSets bs
sold or baggage checked to sucu points.
ifir Through Tickets for Tu?et Sound
points on Sale at Kimliiciml Kates.
For further information ripply at
613 MAKKET .STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD (JRAY, T. H. GOODMAN',
Gen. Trallic Mgr. Gen. Pas3. Agt
SMFR4MISCO&KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market St.
San Francisco to San Bafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:20, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 r. m. Thursdays— Extra trlj.
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
BDKDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 A.U.; i:SQ, 3:3a
6:00, 6:20 P. u. .
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. it •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdaya— Extra triiia
at 1:55 P. H. and 6:35 P. M. >
HUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. 1C; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aam*
schedule as above. : . .
Leave TnA - O( ,, ~ Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 28." San Fran clsca
Week I Bus- ues^nat'on Spjt- I Wbkk'
Days. | days. i destination. 3AYS^ | D AVg ,
7:4oam 8:00am Novato, I«:4oam| B:soam
8:30 9:3oam Petaluma, i 6:05 pm 110:30 am
6:10pm|5:00 pm; Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm I 8:15 pm
: •; I : ~ Fulton, T~
7:40 am Windsor, . 10:30 AM
1 Healdsbur?,
{ Geyserville, ■ .' ■■■
3:30 pm 8:00 am| Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
-, 7| ' • I rUn.
" • Hopland &
7:40 am| 8:00 am kiah. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
7:4oam | -••■•, •■ ■ ■■ ■■ : ~~ 10:30am
-■ = i 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 fm!
3:30 pm! . . I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 110:40 am 1 B:SOaM
5:10 Fii 5:00 fm und i 6:05 pm 6:15 Ptr
I Olen Ellen. I |
7:4oam|B:ooam| S eh»«-nnoi"' 10:40 am!10:30 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| SeDa 3-opo'- | 0:0'. vu \ 6:15 pm
Stafcos connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for . Highland Springs,
K«*lseyvill<\ Lakaport. •
Stcges connect at TTkiah for Vir- tiy Springs, Blae
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lnke, Booneville, Green-
wood, MendoclnoCity. l'\>rt T.rncr;, Usiil, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Pomo, I'otter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Vailey, Harris, scoita
and Eureica. * ■
-i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - . -. •: • "
■ Ou Sundays round-trip tickets t» all points be-
' jond San Raf ael at half rates.
Ticket riflicps. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING, ,-,; , R.X.RYAN,
■ . Gen. Manager. Gen. l'a&s. Agent.
SOfiTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
>. (Via u»-»l i> ii Ferry).
From San Francisco, Ovg'.iining October 27, 1893.
: WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vallev and t*an Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
M.: 1:4.">. 3:45. 5:15, 6:JOf.».
Can Quentin-7:30, 9:15 a. m. : 1:4&. 5:15 p. m. .
Extra, trips lor San Ra-.u-l on Monlays, Wediiet-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. M. ■'•... ■ "■;- . •-. j
■'• ■ ■■-'-"•. SUNDAYS. ■ "V ': ' . '
For Mill Valley, San : Rafael ■ and . San Quentin—
.8:00. 10:00,.11:30a. 1:30,3:00,4:30, *6:15
, P. it »uoes not run to San Qu?nt;n.
!•■.>*>".-; -.v >.-.-■■. THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:30 A. 11. weekdays— and way stations.
1:45 P. M. Saturdays— Tomalea and way stations.
* 8:00 a. ir. Sundays— Foinr Roves ana waystatlona
IRON BEDS,
Cq 'j-^f . BRASS BEDS,
* >T mm fl . „ FOLDING BEDS,
•: ■ ■■■'- - ..Wire and Hair Jlat-
iresses, Ueclinlns
1 _ 1 ... .. Chairs, Wheel Chairn,
■ TiT" ■. C 'l\^m Commodes, Back Res;^
111 K I'M ft iff W> A. SCHROCK,
fy-H > .1 !. — ax —
«.^ Uissl , Sew Montgomery
W ' ••" X.. ■■ if St., under jUrana
lluiti, a. r.
KAILROAO TRAVKi:
»OITHHU.\ I-«IIF?< CO»PAIT.
(PACIFIO hY!STEM.> QJ
TrMln* learn 11ml nro <luo to nrrlre at
nan nu\(::.s('o.
I.EAVK — gjnaiKoTiionM; 1535. — Aitßiva
"6:3«a Haywardi, Nile3 urd Way Stations.. I<):i.la
7:OOa Atlai;tio ]:-pre:;i. Oz^on r.nd 1.:i.t.. B:l3i>
7:0Oa lienicia. VacaTiilo. Emnaey. Sacra-
mccto, and BoddicgTla Darls. ... 1 3p
7:3Ca Martinez, Sanlianon, Xapa, Calis-
tog.i, and tanta IlO.:* C:l3p
8:3Oa Nilcs, San .lose. Stockton. lone.
Sacraraonto, Marysvillc. .Uc<l liluH
and Sundays exceptcd Oro'illo ... -til.ip
•8:30,v Potcr3 and Miltoo *7:15p
9:00a. Kan Leandro, Hayward3& "A'ay Sfus 11:43a
9:0Oa LO3 Angcle3 Ezpresß, Kaymond, ■
(for Ycsomitc). . Banta Larbara
ar.J 1.05 Anaeka 4:41y
O:OO Martinez and Stocktcn 11»:3.1a
10:OCa San Leamiro, llaywirdr anl Niles . J:-i.lp
12:00m .Saa Lean(lro,liayTOrds& Way St'ns a:4sp
l:i»Op Niles. San Jc^o and Lircrmcre H:-*5».
•l:OOp Sacramento llivcr tjtenin.-rn *D:OOe>
fl:UOp I'ott frost a and Wcj Stations t7:lsp
S:OOp L;anoro, HarnrardsA WgyHfns S:!.>i>
4:OOp SnnLeandro. Haywardst YTaySt'cs G:43p
4:oOpMertiucz, Hu lUnion. Valtcjo,
Na\>a, Oaliatogo, 1 1'A \ irain; and
Santn F.os:i »i a
*:••* Beukia, F^iano, V/ooillan.l. "M-jEM
N Kcislits liatnliijg, JlirysrlUe,
OruTillc anil iSacraMicnto 10t454
4:30p Nilr:j, San Jos'!, LiTcrmore ami
Stocliton 7tl3p
5:00p Sanl,ciudrc, Haywarda U Wc7 Sfiis 8:48*
3:30r Jfevr Orleans I? x press, l resno.Ealicrs-
- - . lii-lil. Banta I;;irl;nrn..].n3 An;;clej,
Derains, El l'aso, I.'aw Orleana and
rast .' 1 0: 1 .1
3:3<tr S*uta Vo ltoute, Atlantic KspiCM
f(ir Mojave ami Bast - 10:43a
O:OOi>l-:iiropcaii Mail, Ogilati r.nd Kask.... HrJ.'iA
8:0!»L«llayuard!«, Nil'nnml Sau.Tosc '. 7:<Sa
J7:oo c Vallcjo 17:43f
7jOOi- Oregou Kxpreaa,ftaßr3inent(), r-'.;irj«-
-villc, JreiMing, rortlaml. I'ligct.
.Sound. ind Kaat 10:43a.
7:00p Rau licandro. Uayward3& Way St'ns lO::»op
0:OOp SanLcandro,!lnywards£V/ayStna -tU-:«WA
«Jl6i«3je "Sunset Lfcalted,'" Fresno. I.M
> '-•.-.<•' Anmslffs. El Paso, New Crlcau3
andEatt fnR43»
tfll»l»r SanLeaudro.Haywafds&WaySt'nn 7»13a.
SANTA VKV'A DIVISION (N'r.rron <;.-ini;f).
nil a Nev.-:vrk.<'enU-iv;il'-.S.,M.li>se "
. UouldcrCreck.SaiitaCrurauilWay
Stationn si3Ci
•2:15p >fe^ark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Fclton, nooltkar Crs^ek, ;
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
Stations *ll:2Oa
4:15i- Ncvrark, S;in .)oeo and liM Gataa 9:58a
t11:43p Hunters' EMnrsion, 6an Jose and
'.Voy Htacionn \7i2ot
(OAST DIVISION (Iliinl .'■ I«htiim-iiil Sin.)
<1:43a San Josa .-.i.il Way Blati. : ns (Hew "
Almaden Wednesdays - 1:49r
■il»aS;ih .10..c, Tret J'iitos, SuiUCrns,
I'acilic Orove. l'aso Itnliler.' San
Luis Oliisin>, Cuaualure ami ri-in-
cii'al Way SUttona 7:Oitp
lOs4Oa San Jososuul V.'ny .Stations S:UO|>
11:13a Fiilo Alto ami V>*ny Stations | Ur.kCi
*SxSOrUatl .lose, Gilrny, Tre3 l'iuos, Santa
Crnr, Salinas, Monterey and Pacitic
O'rovo ■.... *IO:4Oa
■StS«P SanJosoaiiill'rindp'xl'WnyKtatioiis !»:I7a
♦4:30r San Jose Way Stations • •*»:O6a
s:SOr.Sau .'can mil Way Ktalious "8:1S*
C::{«i-San Joso nml WayKtailona 6iS3a
♦ I t-.tr, i- San .T0!... nml W:ivS-.hH..h.« n:4-->»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Inm SIS t R&3CISCO— Foot of liirke'. Street (Slio 8)—
*7:15 0:00 ; ■ ]1:00a.M. 11:30 *2:DO 13:CJ
•1:03 . JG:3O •6:00 *
Tom OiKlASO— Foot orEroadwiy.— *C>oo 8-00
]0:00a.m. tI2:CO ■ *l:00 " $2:00 '• *3:CO it ; 00
"5:OSi-.m. ■ , ___^ ,
A for M.orning. p for Afternoon
• Sundays excepteu.. • : ... ; t Saturdays only.
■ t Snndays only.
tt Moailay. Thurs<uiy and Satun^y nighfci only.
%Tuogtl»rs aud Saturdays »aonday3 anu Xhnridtf
: Atlantic "^j|pK>
Pacific jiiiiiliSi^
Trains lfav.> from .-.ad urriva ttv-}^?Lv§C^p[|
at M.arlcet-Street JFerry^ ffe'^Si^&UTint
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chfcsgo via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves cv-rv day at 3:30 p. ix., carry In? Pnlm»a
Palace Sleepers and tourist Sleepers to Chtcaea
»ia Kansas City without change. Annex cars to:
D-'aver and St. Louis. -^,-v .
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Paily. with Dining-cars,
under Ilcrvey s ns&naeemfnt. Connecting trains
leave San I'rnruisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnln?
Cars.
1 icket Office— 644 Market Street,
C^roaiolo Builuipxa-
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajre Free:
rally end Sunday Call, oneweek, hy carrier.. $0. 15
Drily end Sunday Cai U, one year, by ma11. . . . G.OO
r«ily end Sunday CAtx, six months, by mall.. ; 3.00
I>»'ty Bnd Sunday Calx, three months by mall I.M)
r.j'.i and Sunday Call, odp month, by mail.. .65
tfuoday Cam., one year,' by mall 1.60
VIOQU.I l'al] . one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE I
■ 710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
r*l*pbone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
530 Montgomery tircet, corner Clay: open until
P:SO o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkta street : open until 9:30 o'clock,
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cnti! 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open ontll P o'clock.
111} >imn btreet ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICS :
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Bow, Xew York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. '-•"."
FRIDAY ....FEBRUARY 21, 189(5
THE CALL SPEAKS' FOR ALL.
Prepare to honor the memory of Wash
ington.
Tne Balfe-Moore memorial should be
tbe next ornament for the Park.
Now is the time to make up your mind
what you will abstain from during Lent.
Fitzsimmons and Maher might as well
leave the thing to arbitration and go
home.
Old issues go and new issues come, but
the need of street improvement stays
with us.
Why not turn the cathode ray on local
Democracy and see where the bone of con
tention is? i
What sort of politics is it that starts a
Whitney boom in New Orleans while New
York is cold ?
Democracy nas quit hunting for a good
Presidential candidate and is grabbing at
every stick in sight.
Some Arizona mining camps are talking
of making a mail service of carrier-pigeons
and getting news on the liy.
Huntington savs he was worth a million
before he began railroading, and now the
devil wears a modest blush. •
In the dispatches of General Washing
ton there is no trace of a lie, but general
Washington dispatches are different.
The postponed prize-fight is nuts for the
saloon men in El Paso and it makes no
difference to them if it is a chestnut.
Under Morgan's examination Mr. Hunt
ington has had to carry on the stand about
all the traffic will bear and it makes him
sweat.
fireat Britain is so willing; to arbitrate
With us that it seems very strange she
was never willing to arbitrate with Ven
ezuela.
"It you will throw off one-half the debt,
Uncle Sam," says Mr. Huntington, "I will
be equally generous and throw off the
other."
In the rejoicing of the National holiday
to-morrow let us not forget to be glad that
the Senate can take a day off from its
arduous work.
Judge Advocate General Harrington is
showing himself at present as a very poor
judge of what he ought to advocate as a
general proposition.
It is reported that "The United Garment
Makers" of Chicago have struck and it is
well known the divided skirt makers made
a big strike lone ago.
France whether it is worth
while to provide a Government with two
houses when the only use of one is to block
the way of the other.
If Xansen is unable to bring at least a
portion of the north pole home with him
he would better stay where he is and let
rumor take its course.
Democracy will have to make its Na
tional platform very wide and very long if
it is expected to cover all the deficiencies
of the administration.
It is not often that Kentucky has a
chance to elect a Republican Senator, and
it is natural, therefore, that she should
make the most of it and prolong the joy.
United effort carried the mineral land bill
th rough the House and the same kind of
t>UEh and pull should be given to the bill
for the re-establishiaent of hydraulic min
ing.
Because the Kaiser has abandoned his
proposed trip to the Mediterranean some
people think a crisis is imminent, but per
haps it means only that he is having such
a good time at home he does not wish to
go abroad.
By putting Morrison up for the Presi
dency and Altgeld for Governor, the Illi
nois Democrats show a thrifty desire to
have two corpses for one funeral and save
the expense of making a double job of a
bad business.
The Fresno Watchman has heard a re
port that Governor Budd and John Dag
gett are "doing politics together" for the
purpose of crowding White otit of a re
election as Senator, but it doesn't believe
Budd is in the game, in which case, of
course, theie would be no conspiracy ana
no reason either for running Dajrgett in
or even for pulling him off.
Secretary Carlisle having been asked to
intervene in the Senatorial contest in
Kentucky, finds himself in a position
where he must either ask some Democrats
to vote against their party candidate or
some other Democrats to vote against the
adminintration money policy ; and under
the circumstances it wcmld not be sur
prising if he should decide that this is a
very good time for a cuckoo to neither cuck
aor too.
Mayor Pingree of Detroit told the people
of Chicago the other day that in their
city "neither the thief -nor the receiver
oould obtain a title to a horse stolen in the
night; but he who grabs a franchise
worth millions la broad daylight and in
collusion with the city authorities has the
title confirmed to him and his heirs and
assigns forever." The statement has not
been refuted <u yet in Chicago, and what
is more it would not have been refuted
had it beeu eaid of San Francisco.
HARRINGTON'S POSITION.
It may be merely a coincidence that
General John T. Harrington of Colusa,
Judge Advocate General on the military
staff of the Governor of California, has
gone to visit his old friends in Kentucky
just at the time when the presence of Mr.
Huntington's friends are needed to fight
the proposed act repealing the charter of
the Southern Pacific Company, and that
General Harrington has seen fit to say
some very unsubstantial and uncompli
mentary things concerning those Cali
forn'ans over whom Mr. Huntington's
sway does not extend, but if so the coinci
dence is unfortunate. It is a little early
for the glories of nature to have takeu on
their spring charms in Kentucky. There
the trees, unlike those in California, have
not begun to unfold their leaves, the roses
have not yet come into gorgeous bloom as
They have hero, the days are still more or
iess raw, and the State as a whole is not
nearly so pleasant as California at this
lime of the year.
It is another coincidence that although
Governor Budd disclaims the guardian
ship of what lie is pleased to term General
Harrington's conscience (the inference
from this being that the General speaks
from his conscience), the gentleman from
Colusa expresses Mr. Hmuington's views
in exactly the language which Mr. Hunt
mgtou employs when he is angry. General
Harrington is reported by a Frankfort
newspaper (which, by another interesting
coincidence, is serving Mr. Huntington's
interests in Kentucky) as saying that the
repeal proposition "does not meet with the
approval of the people of California," and
adds that "outside of a few sensational
newspapers and Mayor Sutro of San Fran
cisco the proposition has few adherents. :l
The General, whose conscience is not in
the Governor's keeping, may sincerely be
lieve all this, but if he does the question
arises. Is lie competent to hold an office
under the State of California and should
he place the State in the attitude which he
has given it? It should be noted, by the
way, that it s^erus unkind to call the
gentleman a colonel, as many people do,
when he is really a general, tor mat differ
ence may mean something outside of Cali
fornia.
In a strictly private capacity General
Harrington might have been ignored for
any expression of opinion in advocacy of
Mr. Huntington's cause, but as a member
of the military staff of the Governor of
California such contemptuous treatment
would be unkind. Doubtless General Har
rington has not been blind to the addition
which his weight would receive from being
able to call himself a general and a mem
ber of the military staff of the Governor of
California while misrepresenting the
people of this State in Kentucky.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
While public sen iment is unquestion
ably in favor of economy in Congress,
there is a clear and well-defined distinc
tion drawn between economy and penuri
ousness. The revenues of the Government,
under a properly adjusted system, should
be ample, as they have been heretofore, to
not only meet current expenses, but to
provide a fund for necessary internal im
provements, and to such a purpose the
present Congress should devote time and
consideration.
That California in this regard has been
neglected is a self-evident proposition.
Our two great rivers, the Sacramento and
San Joaquin, from this or that cause, have
been allowed to silt up, our harbors have
been neglected, Oakland Creek has had
only puny and ineffective appropriations,
and even tho harbor of San Francisco, as
Professor Davidson has shown, has been
left subject to risks and perils which no
other nation in the world would tolerate
for a mome:it,
It is time for a radical change, especially
in so far as California is concerned. We
ask nothing but justice, but that we
should ask, and even demand, in a way
that cannot t>e Ignored. We are fully anil
painfully conscious of the fact that certain
older States, which have obtained all they
need, have lost inttrest in the subject of
rivers and harbors, but all the same if our
delegation will carry out the scheme
which seems to bo actuating them at the
present time, they will be able to convince
delegations from other states that right is
right, and that it will be to their interest
to aid California in securing her fair share
of the money which the people of the
United States contribute to purposes of in
ternal improvement.
"I DON'T EEMEMBER."
History does repeat itself. In the cele
brated trial of Queer. Caroline the princi
pal witness for the prosecution, forced to
the wall by the searching and relentless
cross-examination of Brougham, was
forced to take refuge behind an expression
which ever since has been a synonym for
the exposition of perjury and tergiversa
tion, "non mi ricordo," the exact equiva
lent of "I do not remember. 11
Just now there is in Washington an in
vestigation proceeding in which Collis P.
Huutington, much against his will, has
found it necessary to go upon the stand as
a witness under oath and to submit him
self to cross-examination at the hands of
Senator Morgan of Alabama, a fine lawyer,
a man of unquestioned ability and a pub
licist of high rank. Being asked a series
of questions, which he did not want to
answer, the president of the Southern Pa
cific Company falls back upon the historic
"non mi recordo." He cannot remember
anything about the Contract and Finance
Company, whether he was a stockholder,
what became of its books and accounts,
whether he ever received any dividends
from it or how it was finally disposed of.
His mind on that subject is & perfect
blank.
But what utter folly and sheer hypoc
risy such a pretense is. For Collis P.
Huntington — a man whose great business
and executive ability no one has ever
doubted — to stand up under oath and pro
fess utter forgetfulness of the transactions
which made for himself and his associates,
at the expense of the people of California,
the enormous fortunes they possess is an
exhibition of mingled mendacity and in
solence such as has not been seen since
the trial of Queen Caroline. Mr. Hunting
ton will go down to history bracketed
with the ignorant but venal Italian wit
ness whom Brougham crucified, and a nt
ting epitaph for each should be the his
toric "Non mi ricordo."
THE PH(ENIX CAKNIVAL.
The second annual midwinter fiesta of
Arizona has opened at Phcenix with a bril
liant display, and the indications are that
the affair will be far more successful than
the lirst. It is a curious reflection that
this strange corner of the United States,
having peculiarities and attractions unlike
those of California, wnich themselves are
unique when compared with the other
States of the Union, was the home of a
splendid civilization, existing possibly long
before the discovery of America. Taken
in connection with New Mexico, which
likely flourished contemporaneously with
it, it was part of an empire as glorious in
its way as was Egypt under the Pharaohs.
Whatever were the causes that obliterated
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
that civilization, the fact remains that the
country was reduced to a waste, and that
its arid and desolate sands were traversed
by heedless thousands on their way to the
new El Dorado— California. The barely
discernible legend, written in the ruins of
ancient cities, and the faintly traceable ir
rigating canals, that furnished the life
blood of the glory long past, were passed
over unheeded. It would be a dreary task
to attempt a count of the centuries during
which the territory lay uninhabited and
desolate. It is mure pleasing to realize
now the great fact that we are upon the
eve of witnessing a renaissance of the
ancient glories, and that the people of our
own time and blood are haling forth the
spirit that has slumbered so lonp.
It is equally interesting to reflect that
centuries ago— on this continent as well
as in Egypt, India, Babylonia and the
Carthaginian states — tiie problem of irri
gation as the foundation of prosperity and
civilization in arid countries was com
pletely solved. To re-establish the con
ditions which formerly prevailed in Ari
zona it will be necessary only to repro
duce the great irrigation facilities which
then abounded. It is this that the people
are now steadily accomplishing.
A significant remark made by Governor
Hughes of Arizona at the opening exer
cises cannot be ignored. Los Angeles had
sent to the fiesta a considerable number
of its representative citizens — an eminent
ly proper and intelligent act. Governor
Hughes declared that the interests of Ari
zona and Southern California are identi
cal, "and that in a case of emergency
Southern California would be called upon
to help Arizona in any measure had before
Congress." The exclusion implied in this
remark should be noted ; the greater part
of California, lying north of Tehachapi,
was not included. Los Angeles had sent
a strong delegation to Phcenix; the rest of
the State had not. And yet Los Angeles,
in the proper sense, had not a single inter
est separate from that of the State at
large. Every advancement that Arizona
makes, as every advancement made by
any other Pacific State or Territory, con
cerns the welfare of all California. All
transient and self-destructive hindrances
to progress left out of the account, includ
ing monopoly of transportation and other
j conditions representing evanescent exhi
| bitions of human greed and stupidity, the
j basis of the grand civilization of the future
lor the larger of this vast Western
section must reside in irrigation.
THE TRENCH CRISIS.
Bourgeois, the French Premier, makes
no secret of his opinion that the time has
arrived to leave the Senate and to appeal
to public opinion against it. Should his
majority in thje Chamber of Deputies fall
away, he will come forward to head a
radical agitation against the Senate,
and will appeal to the people on what he
calls the security of the wage-earners' in
vestments.
Tne present Premier is understood to be
a man of strict integrity, but he is only of
mediocre ability and has an ineradicable
taste for phrasemaking. The question of the
Government of France is something deeper
and wider than the security of wage
earners' investments. It involves the
great question which is under discussion,
directly or indirectly, in every civilised
nation of the world at the present day—
the relation of the people through the gov
erning body to the great transportation
agencies which play so important a part
in the end-of-the-century economics. In
France the railroad scandal is, primarily,
the cause of the present crisis, and it ia
the determination of the radicals to go to
the bottom of it and fix the responsibility
for bribery and corruption exactly where
it belongs.
This may probably co3t President Fanre
his position, not because he is charged
with or suspected of complicity, but be
cause in a general deluge there will be no
distinction or discrimination. If the radi
cals rind themselves strong enough they
will be satisfied with nothing less than a
clean sweep and the absolute control of the
Government.
It is strange that the French people,
after a long experience of a republican
form of government, cannot see the in
herent weakness which lies in adhering to
a responsible ministry. Adapted as it may
be to a monarchy, where there is perpetual
succession in the titular head of t!ie realm,
it is so manifestly unsuited to a represen
tative government with an elective ruler
that it seems almost incredible that the
French, with their acumen, their knowl
edge of politics and their research into ex
isting conditions, should not have put their
finger on the weak spot in the constitution
of the republic. Boulanger was a great
deal of an adventurer, but he did have the
sagacity to suggest the assimilation of the
constitution of France to th>t of the
United States, and until that be done
Cabinet crises in France may and will
arise at any time, and upon the flimsiest
of pretexts.
PERSONAL.
J. Grorer, a Colusa merchant, is at the
Grand.
Surgeon C. P. Bagg, U. S. N., is registered at
the Palace.
J. C. Flickinger, the San Joee fruitman, in at
the Palace.
Frank H. Buck and wife of Vacaville are at
the Palace.
John Buckiugham, the Uklah merchant, is
at the Grand.
W. J. Deater, editor of the Madera Tribune,
was at ths Lick yesterday.
Attorney A. L. Levinsky of Stockton regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
W. F. Ellis, a leading grocer of Marysville,
is at the Palace with his wife.
Thomas Clark of Placerville and itg mining
interests iB a guest at the Grand.
Attorney W. J. Hunsackcr of Los Angeles is
in the city and is staying at the Palace.
Charles Monroe of Los Angeles, law partner
of Senator White, registered at the Palace yes
terday.
C. J. Sharon of the Yellow Jacket mine came
down from Virginia City yesterday and regis
tered at the Talace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Vt. Y., Feb. 20.-Among recent
arrivals are: E. Abrahams, Hoffman; G. F.
Pancoast, E. To.stman and wife, Astor; W. Hale,
Westminster; E. Saunders, Grand; J. D. .Ham
mond, Windsor; E. F. Murphy, J. C. Siegfried,
Broadway Central.
Farmers Should Co-Operate.
Lodi Sentinel.
It is a fact that fanners and fruit-growers
trust too much to their individual efforts for
success. They are willing in most instances to
forego assured profits for the sake of inde
pendent action. In the business world this
feeling is not prominent. There is a reaalness
to join in movements which will benefit all,
directly or Indirectly, which, unfortunately, is
too often lacking in the country.
A New Doctor Needed.
San Luis Oblspo JReasoner.
Cleveland's first bond bhi stuck in the
people's throat, and he bad to sugar-coat the
next dose before he could make it eo down.
Toe next time he tries It they will throw Ms
physic to the dogs and get a new doctor.
No Keuson in That.
Sonora Union Democrat.
There is reason in all things, but the proposi
tion to give the Southern Pacific Railroad 100
vears to pay its debts makes one doubt that
general proposition.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Jimmie Swinnerton, the caricaturist who
draws little bears and big salaries, had a
strange experience in Fresno, where he went
with the Olympic minstrels to give a burnt
cork exhibition, last week.
Incidentally it is well to state that Jimmie
has several fads, the most pronounced of which
is a longing for loud haberdashery and the
stage.
When lie strikes a live town like Fresno it
looks as though the advance agent for a five
ringed circus was on hand to plaster the dead
walls with posters and subsidize the press with
passes for the entire staff.
After the performance Jimmie adorned him
self with his plug hat and one of his best ar
ranged vests and sallied forth to mingle with
the people. About midnight he got separated
from his companions, and while attempting to
find his way back to the hotel he suddenly ran
across an Italian laborer who had wandered up
to Fresno and found himself busted. He
greeted the caricaturist with:
"Pleasa, I lika de nick. Hease lenda me de
nick."
Swinnerton looked at him a moment and
evolved the happy idea of having some fun
with the fellow. "What can you do, my good
man, for that sum of money?"
"Nota vera much. I cama de San Francis to
hunta worka. I staya de dime museum fiva
weeka. I gotta soma tattoo. Looka.?"
He ODened his shirt front and displayed a net
work of tricol >red characters tattooed into the
skin. A new idea entered Jimmy's head and
he, grabbing the hungry man by the arm, took
Jimmy Swinnerton, the Caricaturist,
Who Runs to Loud Haberdashery
and the Stage.
[Stete&cd by himself.}
him to a restaurant, where the stranger was
given plenty to eat. "Now come with me,"
said Jimmie, "and I will see that you get
plenty of money with whicu to return to San
Francisco."
In a few moments Swlnnerton burst info the
sitting-room of the hotel where his friends had
assembled and were chattering before retiring.
Jimmy wared his hand in a commanding way
and asked for silence.
"Gentlemen," he began, ''we have all suf
fered in this great world more or less and the
needy should not be neglected because they
are unfortunate. I have her« with me one of
the greatest specimens of the tattooer's art
ever exhibited to the American people. Bir.
take off your shirt," he said, turning to his
companion. The dime museum feature re
moved that article of clothing and stood bare
to the waist before Swinnerton's friends.
"This man. gentlemen," he resumed, "is
well known to me. I met him five years ago
at the Central I'ark gardens. New York, an-1 I
am familiar with his history. In few words
he was cast ud as a shipwrecked sailor on the
Fiji Islands end was put into the hands of the
chief's tattooera. who worked on him oue
Hundred and twenty-eight days, during which
time he suffered the most excruciating pain,
and wns finally released and wandered around
the island for three weeks in a half-demented
condition. One afternoon he sighted a sail in
the distance, and with the aid of a small rag
he managed to attract attention, with the re
sult that he was taken off und brought to
America. Come up, gentlemen, examine the
marvel, and see for yourselves. We will now
pass the hat and will then move on to the next
wonder. During the intermission the orches
tra will play 'Sweet Alice, Ben Bolt.' "
In a few seconds the boys had filled Jiaamie's
hat with small change, and as he handed the
proceeds to the delighted Italian he said:
"Did 1 give it to them about right?"
"Yas." responded the fellow, "I pay for dat
tattoo lifta dollar in Chicag sex year ago."
Jimruie pulled down his vest.
THE QUEEN OF THE HOUSEHOLD.
She rules with subtle art and skill
Excellent statesmen far.
And 'noath her changeful humors still
Her subjects loyal are:
£>o heart rebels uicamst her sway,
Her actions meet no blame;
In Ml her moods :rom grave to gay
Her words attention claim.
Her tiny hands no scepter hold,
No purple robes she wears,
Above her shiuJng curls of gold
No diadem she bears;
But yet to her ;n beauty bright
Not Dido fumed and fair,
Nor yet that queen, Troy's bane and blight,
Could ever uuce compare.
Bho owns no castle HDd no lands, ,
>o ship, no warlike aid;
yet ne'eran emperor's commands
As hers were so obeyed;
My little daughter, aged but four
S>hon years, reigns royally -.-' .. ,
with pout and frowu and laughter o'er
■ Her mother and o'er me.* • '
•a ■••*«" ■ ' ... '—Chambers' Journal.
Get Rid of the Surplus.
Riverside Press.
One does not need a long memory to recall
the campaign when Mr. Cleveland was urging
as a reason for the placine of his party in
power that the country was In distress because
of taxation which maintained a "surplus" in
the National treasury. Whatever shortcom
ings may be charged against the party placed
in power through the influence ot this plea
it cannot be truthfully denied tnat it has kept
ltb . Pledge to extinguish the surplus. It has,
indeed, gone further. It has not only wiped
out the surplus, but has increased our National
debt by ifli«2,000.000-an amount equal to
one-tenth of the indebtedness incur red in a
lour years' civil war. And, somehow, the bur
den ot taxation of the Individual citizen soema
to be increased rather than diminished, in
spite of predictions to the contrary. It is, we
suspect, such hard-headed facts as these,
Jtaowa to everybody, that furuish the ex
planation of the overwhelming trend of pub
lic sentiment toward Republican policies.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
He— But of course you will forget me.
She— Xonsense! I shall think of you when
you are gone.
He— Oh, shall you?
She— Yes. Therefore the longer you are gone
the longer I shall think of you. Won't that be
nice?— Boston Transcript.
One day, as Archimedes of Syracuse was tak
ing a bath he started violently.
"Eureka!" he exclaimed.
The neighbors heard him, and were some
what at a loss to know whether ho had found
his collar-button or tiie soap.— Detroit Tribune.
Teacher— When did the thirty years' war
commence?
Pupil— l don't know, sir; but if you'll tell
me when it left off I can reckon up.— Fliegende
Blaetter.
"De trouble 'bout de man dat t'inks he
knows it all." said Uncle Eben, "am dat he
wants ter stop everybody he meets an' tell it."
—Washington Star.
Brown— You look as if you had the blues.
Kobinson— Sol have. I've lost my beautiful
new silk umbrella.
''Where did you leave it?"
"I didn't leave it anywhere. The owner met
me and took it away from me."— Boston Tran
script.
E.— You say you saw everything in Rome in
three days. That's impossible !
F.— But you must remember that there were
three of us. My wife took all the churches, I
visited all the picture galleries and my son
went for the restaurants and cafes. Then we
met in the evening and swapped experiences.
—London Tit-Bito.
Mr. Barlow (looking at thermometer)— Gee
whilikens! But the thermometer's stood near
zero all day!
Mrs. Barlow (with asperity)— What else could
you expect? You would hang it out there on
that cold, bleak porch! Bring it iu the house.
—Puck.
Wool— l sent a quarter yesterday to a man
who aavertiEed to tell me how to turn a hand
spring.
Van Pelt— Well?
Wool— Told me to get off a cable-car back
ward.— New York World.
First Clerk— Does your guv'nor ever tell you
fellows funny stories ?
Second Clerk— Xo; but we have to laugh just
the same.— Amusing Journal.
Susy— Say, auntie dear, you're ;an old maid,
aren't you?
Auni Emma (hesitatingly)— Certainly, Susy:
but it is not nice of you to ask such a question.
Susy— Now, don't be vexed, auntie; I know
it isn't your fault.— Herrtedener Laubfroscn.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Depend on the People.
People's Advocate.
If Grover can't run the Government in time
of -'peace and prosperity" without a deficit
that threatens to bankrupt the -Nation what
would ne do when trying to enforce the Mon
roe doctrine?
Breakers Ahead.
Woodland Democrat.
Democrats are united on every public ques
tion except the currency. Unless there is a
disposition manifested for more moderation
and concession there is danger of a very
dangerous division that will jeopardize party
success.
DaugcrouH Broken Bottles.
Pan Jose News.
An ordinance should be passed by the Com
mon Council making it a misdemeanor to
throw glass on the paved streets, or in fact on
any street. Broken giass, particularly that of
a broken bottle, is dungerous to horses and
very damaging ;o bicycle tires.
The Good Road* Movement.
Oakland Enquirer.
Ten years ago Snn Francisco horse-owners
moved to Oakiand because all the good drives
were here, but to-day there is not even a fair
driving street in this city, and the Good Roads
AsAciation is junking 'but slow progrejs in
awakening pub iic attention to ; he injury which
this slate of things is doing to the city.
A Fleet Xeeded in the Pacific.
Petuluma Courier.
Of all nations the United S'.ates is the most
concerned in Oriental wars, has perhaps the
most at stake and ought to be a party to the
settlement of Pacific difficulties, it should
tave n great fleet in the I'Bcific Ocean, and, if
there be tin arbiter, should bo sole art.iter, as
it undoubtedly controls over 25 ,000,000 square
miles of the Pacific Ocean.
Serious Maladministration.
Peta'umu Argus.
The gigantic waste, blind blunder and inca
pacity displayed in the administration of the
Government was never equaled. Our re
sources were never exceeded, yet we are forced
to assist foreign enterprises to the detrimentof
home industry by adopting a;l known methods
that take gold from us and bring raw material
and manufactured goods to us, reducing wages
and the country to idleness.
ltarry Finds 11 Kemedy.
f?an Francisco Star.
J. I\ Vincent, Assessor of Fresno County, has
usually been allowed fifteen deputies about
this time, and has now been refuse. l any, ren
dering it impossible for him to assess in the
usual manner— by visiting till taxpayers. We
can show him a why out: Assess only land
values, water rights and franchises, andassess
these ut their value. Then enough money
would be raised and "everybody would be
hapDy" except holders of land for'speculation
and owners of other .special privileges.
Haven't Much Left.
Fresno Herald.
Mr. Huntlngton is credited by the press dis
patches with having said to the committee bo
fore which he advocating the proposition to
refund the debt of the Union Pacific railroad
that the people in California who are opposing
the scheme are "about as uncanny a crowd as
a farmer ever found in his henroost." The peo
ple who tre opposing the refunding act are the
ones who have given Colonel huntini'ton a
considerable number of his millions, and if
they have not a great deal left he should not
point the finger of scorn at them on that
account.
A MUSICAL DOG.
There is in St. Louis, suys the Republic, a dog
who, if he keeps on growing in the grace of
training, will soon be able to make name and
fame for himself on the concert stage, the dog
concert stage, at least.
The dog is called "Gip, ' and he lives on
North Eighth street with his master, Professor
Robert E. Wa*h burn, the composer. Gip is
an ugly little pug, but displays great iutelli-
gence. One of its most amusing feats is to
play on the piano and Ming, or rather howl to
the accompaniment of a discordant sweep with
his paws the length of the keys. The dog has
heard the professor play his composition "Bo
nita," and has ever since tried to imitate him.
When he is asked to laugh, he opens his
mouth and shows two rows of fine teeth. With
all his accomplishments Gip is the curio of tho
neighborhood, and has to be closely watched
to keep some enterprising theatrical manager
from purloiuiug him.
ABOUT PEOPLE.
Dr. George Rodney Eden, Bishop of Dover, is
the youngest prelate in the Church of England.
He is 43 years of age.
J. Scott Harrison, the Democratic brother of
the ex-Presiaent, has been elected a member
of the Kansas City School Board.
Elbridge A. Towle, who died in Charlestown
a few days ago, had been a conductor on the
Boston and Maine Railroad nearly fifty years.
The state of Lord Elgin's health, it is said,
makes it probable that he will resign the office
of Viceroy of India in the course of a few
weeks.
The only bust of General Robert E. Lee that
was taken from life was made by Frederick
Volek, the sculptor, at about the time of the
battle of Chancellorsville.
Pillsbury, the chess-player, eats one small
plate of meat every day, drinks nothing but
milk, smokes rarely, sleeps eight to twelve
hours daily and rides a bicycle.
Sir Mackenzie Bowell, Premier of Canada,
began life as a printer's devil, worked at his
trade for many years, bought a newspaper
with savings and so got into politics.
General Weyler, the new captain-general of
Cuba, is said to have sprung from that peculiar
race, the German-Irish, being descended from
one of the old Hessian families of Ulster.
Mrs. Ezekiel V.'ebstcr of Nashua, N. H., died
a few days ago. She was a sister-in-law of
Daniel Webster, and survived her husband
sixty-seven years and her brother-in-law forty
four years.
Early widowhood appears to be the sad des
tiny of many members of the British royal
family. The Queen herself was widowed at
42, the Empress Frederick at 48, the Princess
Beatrice at 39.
A centenarian, who died recently in London,
had smoked steadily since he was 15 years old.
He began smoking, that is, the year before Na
poleon was driven back from Moscow, and kept
it up till after Jameson surrendered at Kru
gersdorp.
Frederick Price, who used to bo the center
rush in the football team in the University of
Georgia, is now fighting In the Cuban insur
gent army. He gets $24 a week, ana he sayg
the work is not half so exciting and dangerous
as football.
S. B. Crookett has been telling how hard up
he whs when ho was a student in Edinburgh.
He lodged with a friend over a great coal sta
tion and he used to go out in the evening and
pick up th,e coals which the carts had dropped
in the streets.
The news that Mrs. Hetty Green has con
tracted the habit of dressing well has had a
marked effect upon her mail. She is in re
ceipt of circulars from dressmakers, milliners,
shoe merchants and other tradesmen, who had
long ago reached the conclusion that the
richest woman in America was not a target for
their shafts.
The Rev. Alois Kaiser, cantor of the Oheb
Shalom Temple of Baltimore, has been re
quested to write the music of the Twenty-fir*t
Psalm, to be sung by a large mixed choir in the
Reformed Hebrew Congregation of Odessa,
May 12 next, at special religious services to be
held there in tionor of the coronation of Czar
Nicholas 11, which is to take place that day at
Moscow.
Joao de Deus, who recently died at Lisbon,
was the most celebrated of modern Portuguese
poets. He was born in 1830 und studied law
at the University of Coimbra. He devoted him
self to poeiry and was hailed as a second
Camoens. Hi& published works are few ij
number, but his poems are remarkable lor
originality of thought and purity oi style and
treatment.
Mary Anderson was once urged to take to the
operatic ttege by no less an artist than M.
Urignoli. He overheard her singing by chance
an Irish ballad in a hotel in Toronto, Canada,
and, seeking an introduction, told her that
her voice, wiih a year's training iu Milan,
would win her success in grand opera. The
great actress told him that she was satisfied
with her life as it was.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Two Languages— c. s., city. It is asserted
that the English langnnee contains more words
than the German language.
From Elba— D. A. C, Salinas, Cal. The res
sel that carried Napoleon aw&v-from Elba on
the 25th of February, 1815, was the sloop-of
war, 26 guns, Inconstant.
Lagumtas Creek— W. D., City. This being
the close season no one is lawfully permitted
to catciT trout in I.agunitas Creek, Marin
Couoty, but there are some who, despite the
law, do catch fish, but if arrested the penalty
would be severe.
House of COMMONS— S., City. The House of
Commons at this time consists of 670 mem
bers, 461 )or England, 34 for Wales, 72 for
Scotland and 103 fur Ireland. The complexion
is: Conservatives 340, Liberal-Unionists 71
Gladstone Liberals 177, Nationalists 71 Par
nellites 11.
The Erie Canal— A. S., Menlo Park. The
reason that money is expended to improve the
Erie canal is because the necessities demand
its improvement. Thecaral runs from Albany,
N.Y.,to Burt'aio, N. Y., is 381 luiles long, has
a depth of 7 ieet of water, has 72 locks, tvas
completed in 1825, and has alreadv cost
$52,540,800.
Tall Buildings— W. C, Oakland, Cal. The
tallest buildings in the city of New York are
the American Surety Company, Broadway and
Pine street, 23 stories in height, space of
ground occupied 84:8x85:6, Height 305:1,
and that of the American Tract Society, Nassau
and Spruce streets, 28 stories, ground space
100:7x94:6, height 306 feet.
Pavements— B., City. Basalt was first used
in this City in the early part of 1864 and
bitumen as a pavement was introduced in
1867. At the close of the last fiscal year there
were in this City 958^ blocks of basalt blocks
647?2 blocks of bitumen pavement, 381 basalt
crossiugs and 287 bitumen crossings. The
mileage of accepted streets at that date was
142 4505-5280 miles of accepted paved
streets.
Citizenship— W. P., City. The children of
persons who have been duly naturalized, be
ing under 21 years of age at the time of the
naturalization of parents, shall, if dwelling in
the United States, be considered as citizens
thereof. If a father on leaving a foreign coun
try places his son in a college to be educated
comes 10 the United States, becomes a citizen
thereof, and subsequently, while the boy is
still in his minority, sends for him and he be
comes a resident of the United States, he is a
citizen thereof by virtue of his father's natural
ization.
Barber-Shops— S. M. D., Oakland, Cal. The
case of Brodeck, arrested last November for
keeping his barber-shop open after midday on
Sunday, is still pending in the Police Court of
this city. On the 12th of July Leo Gentzch
was convicted of violating the law passed at
the last session of the Legislature. He took an
appeal to the Superior Court, which upheld
the judgment of the lower court. This was on
the 12 th of October. To test the iaw fur
ther the defendant surrendered himself
into custody and then applied for a writ
of habeas corpus before the Supreme
Court and he was released on bail pending the
hearing of tbevrrit. Since then nothing has
been done, and the cases of Brodeck and others
have boon postponed from time to time until
the habeas corpus case is determined.
Surveyors' Monuments— O. W. 1., Coleville,
Mono County, Cal. This correspondent asks:
Do the Government surveyors establish one-half
mile monuments on the section lines? i'>) In case
the section corners are more or less than one mile
apart, wMch is the correct way to determine three
fourths of the section line so as to put up a di
vision fence? Is it to take one-half of the line as
shown by the monuments, or divide the entire lino
into four «qual parts nnd take three of these parts
regardless of the one-half mile monuinenuT
The half-mile monuments cannot be disre
garded in subdividing a section. In most
cases the proper way is to divide the dis
tance between section and quarter section
monuments into two equal parts, ex
cepting in the case of the north and
west tiers of sections. Sometimes it is
necessary to measure twenty chains easterly
westerly, northerly or southerly from asectio'n
or quarter seetion corner along the line.
Sometimes a proportional measurement has to
be made. It depends entirely on the manner
in which the section has been divided on the
map. .sometimes sections are divided irregu
larly and for that reason a specific answer
would have to be given to meet the particular
case.
Dedication— Subscriber, Cal. The law of
this State says that "In all counties of this
State, public highways are roads, streets, al
leys, lanes, courts, place*, trails, and triages
laid out or erected by others dedicated to the
, public or made such in actions for the parti
tion of real ; property." One of the many ae
' cisions :of - the • Supreme Court of California
■ holds that constitute' a dedication jana
for the purpose of a rural high .no particu
lar formality-is required; the intention on tne
! part of the owner is the vital • question.
• The intention may be manifested witn or
without writing, as thrown open to
public travel, platting it and selling lots
, bounded by streets designated on the plat or ac
' quiescence in the use of land as a highway;
1 hence time is not an essential ingredient m
■ the act of dedication. Time, thouen
often a material .. ingredient fn a
■ matter of ■• evidence, .is not an in
i dispensable iugredient In the act or
dedication. If the soil be accepted by
the public in a manner intended by the
owner, the dedication is complete, preclud
ing the owner and all claiming in his
right from asserting any ownership inconsist
ent with such use. Dedication is conclusion
of fact to be drawn by the jury from the cir
cumstances in each case. Stronger proof of dea i
cation is required in cases of roads in the coun
try than in cases of streets in a city or town. •
Analysis op Drinking Water— J., El Do
rado County, Cal. The law of this State on the
subject of analysis is as follows: '
Any person desirin? an analysis of any food,
drug, medicine, medicinal plant, soil, -mineral
water or other liquid shall submit the same to the
Secretary of the Btate Board of Health, together
with a written statement of the circumstances
under which he procured the article to be analy zed
which statement must, if required by him. be veri
fied by outh; and it shall be "the duty of the Sec
retary of the State Board of Health to transmit the
same to the state Analyst, the expenses thereof to
be defrayed by the said board.
In answer to a request for information in re
gard to making "analyses of drinking wate*
for a committee of citizens of any town in thiaj.
State, and whether any charge is made for the
same," Professor W. H. Rising of the College
of Chemistry, Berkeley, who is State Analyst,
says:
The statute creating the office, of State Analyst
prescribes that certain analyses shall be maite
by the Analyst at the request of the State Board
of Health, and that the expense shall be borne
by the board. For several years a series of
analyses of wines, etc., were made for the State
Board of Viticulture, which bor.rd received tne
same privileges under the organic act as the Board
of Health. At, that time the Board of Viticul
ture gave the State Analyst an assistant,
and the analyses were made by hfm un
der the direction of the State Analyst.
The State Board of Health has asked that it be
allowed to expend $100 per mouth lor the purpose
of paying such an assistant, to make the. needed
analysis for the board, as contemplated in the act
creating the office of "Analyst." .Nntnewus an
alyses have bttn made from ■ time to time for pri
vate parlies or for County Boards ot Health, some
times entirely gratuitously and soipetitnos a small
charge faae been made to pay for assistance em
ployed. It has always been the desire to carry on
this work for tiie benefit of the public and on such,
a scale that the general public could get some
| benefit from the work. A small sum of money
j expended for assistance would enable the Htate
! Analyst to do a good work. There would be an
j economy to the State in having the work, done in
this way above auy other.
University FkhOWSHIFS and Scholarships—
E. S., Berkeley, Cal. The following are tha
fellowship? and scholarships of the University
of the State of California, also the conditions:
. The I* Conte Memorial Fellowship has' been es
tablished by the Alumni Association of the univer
sity, tn honor of Professors John and Joseph La
Conte. lis value Is $500, and It is awarded' annu
ally by a board of administration of th« Alumni
Association. Jt is limited to graduates of the Uni
versity of California of not more than three years'
stnndinj; at the time of the award; the sole test la
superior excellence, as determined at its discretion
by the board; and the recipient is to pursue his
studies e ther at the University of California or
elsewhere as the board may determine.
Six: university fellowships have been established
by the Regents— two in philosophy, one in history
and political science, and two in mathematics,
each yielding- *6OO annually: and one in miner
alogy, yielding $SCO. During 1894-95 there has
been, in addition, an honorary fellowship lu
i palsvontology. The appointees devote their utten
• lion to crailuate study and "asalac. in the work of
; their department.' ' *.■•-:" - '
Harvard Club scholarships— The Harvard Club
| of Sail Francisco has awarded annually since 1687
I a sum of not less ih;tn B^oo to some graduate of
j the University of California, the money to be used
; by the recipient in the pursuit of graduate study ac
. Harvard University.
The Phebe Hearst scholarships for women— Eight
! scholarships in ttie University of California have
titei; established by Airs.'Phebe A. Hearst of San
'< Francisco for worthv young women, each scholar
j ship vleding $300. The award is made by the
; faculties of the unlvereity, but any school officer of
this StaW may r,commend candidates. In accord
ance with the express desire of the founder, the
> qualifications arc noble character and high alms;
further, the award is not to be made as a nrize for
i honors in entrance examinations, and it Is under
-1 stood that without this assistance a university
i course would iu each case be impossible. Applica
! tions for fliebe Hearst scholarships, In order to be
! considered by the appropriate committee, mnst be
j itled wl h the recorder on or b< fore the first of May
! of the year in which the award is made.
Hearst Fellowships in Astronomy — Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst has provided a fund to be used in aid of
scientific work at the Lick Observatory. A por
; tion of this fund may Ibe s»-t nsirte for the purpose
of dtfraylng a pan of the necessary expenses of
; such advanced students as may be appointed to be
: Hearst Fellows in Aatrouomy by the Board of Re
i gcuts. on the recommendation of the president of
! the university and of the director of the observa-
I tory. Such reconimendatiou will not be ma-'.o ex
j cept in the case of students who have already
I made deciued progress in their work, and candi
i dates for the higher degrees of the university will
I be preferred, in general* . - .
The Hinckley scholarship of $300 Is awarded
; each year by the trus;e=s of the William and Alice
■' Hltickley fund to some young man in the univers
i ity ol the State, or in some other school. ..
Towksend's " Palace Mixtures," 15c lb. • '
Genuine Eycglas?es,Specs,lsc up. 81!£4th,nr.
barber. Sundays, 733 Market, Kast'sshoestore.*
■ ; • — •— » — ; — — ;: ■ ; -jV_."i
fPF.ciAL information daily to manufacturan.
business houses arid' public men by the Pr9.ii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
-•;'""■ -.-'• — —^ — *♦.<'.*..'
' ', '. Johaiinia
Has baen used exclusively at the Marlborough-
Vanderbitt wedding breakfast. Owing to its
excellence it is the preferred table water at the
best tesorts, hotels, clubs, etc. .. -.->?- •
• — ♦ — •
Mrs. Fauntleroy— You bad little boy, to
throw stoues at my Algernon ! What are such,
wicked little boyi as you allowed to live for,
anyway?
Tommy Tuffboy— If it weren't for wicked lit
tle boys like me, ma'am, you couldn't see how
good your Algernon is by comparison.—Somer
ville Journal.
The human system is given tone and renewed
vigor . by Hood's Sarsaparilla. which strengthens
; the organs of the stomach and aids digestion. In
fact, the whole body is invigorated by Hood's.
• — • — • .. ' .■;,■• .
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is perrectly. dry, soft
and mild, and 'Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, jby steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: the Hotel dot
Coronado, $60; longer sr«y f2 50 per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery st., San Francisco.'. 3 . ;-i
- — ■
Beggar— Beg pardon, sir, but I have seen bet
ter days than this.'
Passerby— so have I. The weather is horrid.
New York World.
NEW TO-DAY.
rTRUUFORY.
THE MADDEST WOMAN
You ever heard of was one who got
hurt ou a railroad. She lived on
Hyde street.
There was a certainty for her of
pain, a good rest and
BIG DAMAGES.
A friend gave her something lor
it, which he assured her was good,
so she used it, and then commenced
making a list of all the things she
would buy with the damages. That
was some comiort.
Next day railroad people called
and found her so nearly well they
could not give her a cent. Scene
closed with a profusion of
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point ia these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
Her level- headed friend had given
her a bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
Which is so harmless and pleasant
to use, aai never fails to do good
If You Ache or Get Hurt.
Sold by druggist* at 25c, 50c andHUDAY FEBRUARY 21.1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.hwix Theater.— Grand Opera— "Boiiemlan
QtrL '
< IFORNIA TUFATK.R— " Othello."
CoLrmuA Tiieatkb— "The Old Limekiln."
mmo*s OrERA-llorsK— "Wife for Wife*"
' Tivoi.i OrKRA-HorsK.— "Del Freiscbutz."
ORrHKtM.— Hiab-CUsa Vaudeville.
Bl oy i r. a ha-ak.- '•FausU"
fiRrtVK-STRKKT Thkatkb— Between Po'.k and
Van Ness— -Two oi a Kind." Beuefit for Veteran
Ouant, O. a. K.
Goldkn Oat> Symphony nnd Popular
Conrprtß, this afternoou. »t H:S(I o'clock.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, by
the Verein-Elntracht, Saturday evening, February
shoot thf rni-THi- Daily at Ilaight street,
cue t-Jock east of 'h>> l'.irk.
l ay Dwntici Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
BT Eastok A- Flbbidof.- Tuesday, February
C5, Itenl Kstate, at 688 Market street, at l'J o'clock
noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
ly, threatening weather is predicted for
to-day.
1.a.1-.es 1 night at the Press Club was a huge
■ Sophie Faw«on was adopted vesterday
Dj Mrs. Nifklaisen.
mer Henley hu signed a contrrct with
tbe Favary company.
After March 1 the Hatters' Union will de
maiid an increase in their wages.
, - 1 -,, 1 • Turner whs convicted by a jury in Judge
Wallace b court ve*teida; 01 forgery.
T!ie labor unions are starting a warfar*
ngainst the child labor ami Bweatshop systen s.
Jake Rudolph denies that he wants to shea:
Hnl>- Harrison or that he hus anv designs on
Buckley '« life.
The differences between the journeymen
painters and the bosses axe likely tj be settled
amicably very soon.
["he estate of Maria h. Crim has been ap
praised atf213,924 13. It consists mostly of
Impn red ry y realty.
Edward Corrigan has left this City for Chi
cago, after giving his opinions to Mose Gunsi
on the jio olroom subject.
Two housepainters lia<l a narrow escape
(all at the corner <•: «;old en Gate avenue
tui 1 Taylor street yesterdav.
min Sharp of the Philadelphia
Dcet testified against captain
Healy of the Hoar yesterday.
Residents of Sooth San FrancNco have peti
lionei the Hoa-d >f Super/isors to extend tl.e
p und limits for their beuefit
A firj opcarred yesterday morninc on Eighth
■ ffin<iting In John Groeu's bakery,
which cauvd a los^ off 15,000.
The Board of Educa tion and Board of Health
nearly came to a dash yesteiday over the
ttg oi the Longfell<w School.
of the Merchants' As Oc'a ion
lered the matter of Bireet sweei>.u«, and
sprinkling at la«t nigh;'- meeting.
• _•<■ Sforani an ex-convict, while in the
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morn
ing, made a desperate attempt to escape.
W. H. Yonng na« Instituted disbarment pro-
B. G. Haskell, >he attorney,
tie accuses Ha&k< :.-ssional conduct.
The • pure so far witl on a cew to ih"
■ rer of Mamie McDerrnott, 'Jit- tHi.g!ai?at
the Franknu residence aid tn ■ three b&UK
robbers.
lei tiiei engineer for the Pa-ilc
Telegraph and Telephone Coin ( .. ; iy, irms ar
rested last evening for battery on" the com
plaint of his wife.
The Bay District track n opened yesterdny.
The winning horses were: >..e>-t Rose, Mitss
Key del Randidos, Montalvo, Scimitar,
Major Coot and I>uillo.
Prominent Grand Army officials deny the
charges oi mismanagement of the Youiuville
Veterans' Home ma.ie by Lyon Post No. 8 of
Oakland Tuesday evening.
Simon Hendit'sconviction of forgery by the Su
1-erior < onrt h«< been reversed by the Supreme
50 the court outlines a novel
l oint in the crime of forgery.
A passenger <-n car 104 of the Hayes-street
!,<• conductor H. Peterson a drubbing
yesterday aiternoon because the latter did not
give him his change promptly.
Dr. J. A. Simpson of Solano street swore out
a warrant resterday for ttae arrest of J. J.
r-mith and two other men on the charge of ob
tuiuing money by false pretenses.
A.s a result of the recent exhibit of California
: Lncts at the Atlanta Fair seven
• ■eorgia families have written that they are
coming to settle in tnis State very soon.
The proposition of the Balfe-Moore Club to
erect a monument to one of the Irish celebri
ties in Golden Gate I'nrk is generally approved
by prominent Irish residents of the City. A
co-operative movement will result.
Plans for the new St. Bridget's Church at Van
\i-v- avenue and Broadway are now completed,
ninl work on the building will be vigorously
uted. The church will be of brick and
granite and will COS! Rbouts7s.ooo.
John O'Brien, a lahorer employed In a stone
yard at liilit Market itreet, fell from a derrick
yesterday afternoon a distance of twenty feet
and sustained a concussion of the spine. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
C. B. Adams Is suing Daniel Jones and Louis
Jones for The principal and interest on a
promissory note for $300, made February 17,
1892. ' ■'•;•- " draw Interest at 5 per cent a
i'-d monthly, and tne amount
is now over $3500.
-•■• Angelotti delivered a long ana ex
m San Rafael yesterday in
• d the injunction* restraining
Smitta from voting his stock at the
lection of the stockholders of the San
Francisco and North I'acitic Coast .Railroad.
George Davidson lias written to
Land of the ideographical Society
■ • ■ tion to Dr. Hall's lack cf faith
genuineness of the Jeannette relics
which so much has been said recently.
action will probably be taken by theao-
C. B. Xcwton, who fired five shots in. a saloon
on Post street and Grant avenue about three
weeks asjo and wounded the bartender and
aiK.ther man, whs yesterday held by Judge
Low to answsr before the Superior Court in
S-.'KKK) bonds on the charge of assault to
murder. .
CALIFORNIA CIGARS.
Satisfactory Product of Home-Grown
}«nd Home-Worked Tobacco-
The Golden West or Yerba Buena cijrar
has been issued by J. D. CuJp, grower; Ja
cob Brandt, maker; E. W. Britrgs, agent.
In bis circular accompanying each box
Mr. Culp says:
It is with great pleasure that 1 place before
the people 01 this State, and later 1 hope
throughout the I'nited States, an enormously
valuable addition to the resources of Califor
nia. The eiear herein contained is made of
purely California Havana tobacco, grown at
(•an Felipe, Santa Clara County, Cal., by J. D.
after many years of experiment. He is
the only one as yet who has succeeded in grow
l' H«\a:;a tobacco in California, and it is ac
edged by all cigar and tobacco experts
a>- equal to most of the imported tobaccos from
the Island of Cuba.
Mr. Culp has been a loner time bringing
his tobacco plants into the general mar
>ut he appears to be at last on the
road to success.
MZV? TO-DAT.
WORKS
In curing torturing, disfiguring, hu-
miliating humours of the Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else falls.
Sold thronfhout the world. British Depot : F. Nrr-
il: r ft Soxs, 1, Kinc Edw«rd-st., London. Porni
Dnva A9D C a sm. Coer., Bole Fropt ., Bot too, I". 8. A.
AN EARLY MORNING FIRE.
A Baker's Carelessness Causes
a Loss of Fifteen Thou
sand Dollars.
SEVEEAL NARROW ESCAPES.
Flames Broke in Upon Women and
Children While They Slept and
Without Warning.
Fire destroyed a minVber of frame houses
in the block bounded by Ninth, Natoma,
Ruins of Dwellings on Natoma Street Caused by Yesterday's Early Morning Fire.
Howard and Eighth streets yesterday
morning.
The fire broke out in the basement of
the bakery of John Goetz at HO Eighth
street shortly after 3 o'clock, when the
people in the neighborhood were wrapped
in sound sleep. Some of them narrowly
escaped death, for the tire had attained a
wide sweep and force before it was dis
covered.
The lire is said to have been caused by
the igniting of grease in which the baker
was cooking doughnuts, and that in fright
the men ran away without giving an
alarm. Baker Goetz himself declares he
was away with his wagon on his early
morning rounds, tliat his assistant was
asleep and that he does not know how the
lire originated.
At any rate the fire had broken the
bouirtls of the bakeshop and was eating up
the frame buildings adjoining and in the
rear when it was discovered by ;i patrol
man and an alarm turned in. When the
engines arrived they had plenty of work
laid out before them. The flames had
driven the inhabitants of the entire block
into the street and»were spreading in every
direction with such rapidity as to compel
the fleeing men and women to leave nearly
everything they owned behind.
A second alarm was turned in and with
the speedy response to it the re-enforced
firemen surrounded the fire and kept it
within the limits to which it had by tiiis
time spread. Within that limit, however,
there is little left but black ruin.
The entire block, and, indeed, many ad
joining blocks, are composed altuost en
tirely of frame buildings, and it is very
fortunate for their occupants and owners
that there was no wind blowing.
The swiftness and suddenness with
which the lire swept upon the sleeping
people is illustrated in the case of L. .1.
t'lark and his family, who lived at ' 703
Natoma street.
"I was asleep in the rear room of the
upper story of mv house with my wife
and baby." he said. "'When 1 was awakened
the flames had broken through the win
dow and caught the blinds ond curtains. I
awoke my wife, who caught the baby and
ran. I barely had time to snatch our
clothes from the chair, grab my insurance
policy from a drawer and follow her.
"Everything else, my family papers,
pictures, the things that I value most,
are destroyed ; even my goid watch is gone.
And yet it could have been worse. I hud
an insurance policy. When 1 cot out on
the street the alarm had not been turned
in and there had not even been a cry of
tire so far as I know. A policeman "was
running to the box."
There were many other instances of
equally narrow escapes. The family of
Goetz, the baker, living ;n the upper story
of the building, were also surprised in bed
by the flames.
The families of F. Gorman and H.
Murry, 705 Natoma street, lost everything.
The total loss i« estimated by the tire
patrol at about $15,000.
The individual losses are as follows:
Two-story and basement frame building at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1*9(5.
140 Eighth street, owned by \V. Khrenfort and
occupied by John Goetz as a bakery; loss,
$1500.
Two-story frame dwelling, owned by W.
Elirenfort and occupied by P. Reighenbacb, at
138 Eighth street; loss, about $2500.
Two-story frame building, 138^ Eighth
street, unoccupied store and dwelling, owned
by W. Ehrenfort; loss, $2500.
Two-story frame, southeast corner of Natoma
and Eighth streets, occupied below by J. Nile
as a saloon, owned by \V. Ehrenfort; loss,
$300. Above as a dwelling by C. Fhilippi;
loss, .*3OO. Loss on building, $1200.
Two-story frame, 142 Eighth street, owned
by Mr. Carroll and occupied by Mrs. 11. Marks
as a dwelling; loss, building and contents,
$1300. ■■ , ■■
Two->tory frame, 703 . Xatoma street, occu
pied by L. "j. Clark as u dwelling and owned by
W. Ehrenfort; loss, $650. ?. . \
Two-story frame, -' 705-705J-2 Xatoma. occu
pied by F. Gormans as a dwelling and owned
by W. Ehrenfort: loss, $500. Mrs. M. Murry's
dwelling; loss. $3500.
One-story frame. 707-707'^ Xatoma, occu
pie-1 by \V. Meade and <r. Holmes as dwellings
and owned by J. Fitziimmons: loss, $200. .
Two-story frame, rear of 1204 Howard, owned
by K. McGillicuddy ; loss, $200.
Three-story frame, 120(5-1206^ Howard,
owned by X. Burghgren and occupied by M.
Fabioa as store and dwelling; loss, $150.
Two-story frame building and basement at
1208 Howard, owned by M. F. Turner and oc-
; cupied by R. itcsenburg as dwelling: loss,
$100.
Two-story frame, 1202 Howard, owned by
Mr. Carroll and occupied by L. A. Therian as a
dwelling; loss slight
A CORNICE SAVED THEM
Narrow Escape of Two House-
Painters From a Terrible
Fall.
Their Staging Gave Way and They
Hung Twenty Feet From the
Sidewalk.
Two honse-painters faced death or at
least serious injury at the corner of Taylor
street and Golden Gate avenue yesterday
afternoon, and were only saved from a
fall by their presence of mind.
The building occupied by Young Mitch
ell's saloon was being painted and the two
men were standing on a staging swung by
ropes and tackle between the first and sec
ond stories on the Taylor-street frontage.
Suddenly and without warning the lad
der which formed the stage gave way in
the middle. The crash of the breaking
ladder attracted the attention of numer
ous pedestrians on Market street, and a
shout of alarm went up as the painters
were precipitated to the sidewalk twenty
feet below.
Fortunately a cornice runs along above
the windows around which they were paint
ing, and as the stage .gave way beneath
them both grabbed at the frail molding,
and were happily abie to seize it and pre
vent being dashed to the ground.
The ends of the broken ladder were still
fast to the ropes that had supported it
and svvune: j>erpendicularly. leaving
nothing on which the men could pain a
foothold.
Ne ther of the painters lost his presence
of mind, however, and after encouraging
each other by a few words, they started to
work along the cornice in opposite direc
tions, clinging on by their lingers. After
what seemed to the watching, breathless
crowd a long time, but before a ladder Jong
enough could be procured, they reached
the dangling ropes, and seizing "them slid
safely 10 the around, little injured beyond
a few lacerations of the lingers, caused by
the sharp edges of the cornice. Both de
clined assistance, and later in the after
noon, when their hurts had been bandaged
up, they returned to work.
Wanted in Portland.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch yesterday
mornfng from thio Chici of Police of Portland,
Or., to arrest Ham Goodman, a gambler, who
was wan'eil iii<-r« on the charge of grand lar
ceny. Detectivei Gibson aiid Wren found
Goodman in the Baldwin Hotel and placed him
under arrest.
DR. SHARP SCORES HEALY
He Says the Captain Was Much
Addicted to the Flowing
Bowl.
THE SALT GAVE HIM CURIOS.
While in Alaska the Captain Would
Not Allow the Scientist to Trade
With Indians.
Dismay reigns supreme in the camp of
Captain Healy's enemies As was an-
nounced in The Call, all proceedings in
the investigation of the charges against
the veteran commander were stayed in the
early part of the month in order to give
time for Dr. Benjamin Sharp to come to
this City and testify against him. From
Dr. Sham the prosecution expected great
things. Messrs. Dorry, Daniels and Km
ery had been in frequent and confidential
correspondence with the Eastern savant,
who, according to his own sworn state
ment, aided the three you f .hs in formulat
ing their charges against their superior.
"Dr..Bbarp." remarked one of the inner
circle yesterday, "has a grudge against
'Captain Ilealy ; in fact more than once he
has remarked* that if he got a chance he
would do the old man up. I tried to rind
some explanation of the bitter animosity
against the captain which Sharp has dis
played ever since his trip on the Bear last
year, but without success, until J ques
tioned one of the Bear's crew. lie as
sured me that Dr. Sharp wisned to do a
little trading with the Indians, and that
the captain put a stop to nis mercantile
scheme. Of course sailor3 are great men
for telling yarns, and this story may be
exapgerated. but it ib the nearest I have
been able to come to any explanation of
the hostility shown by the doctor to the
captain. I let you have it for what it may
be worth."
A summons from the council chamber
put an end to further revelations. The
otlicers, uniformed as became their rank,
hied into the mystic precinct:; of room 83
on the fourth floor of the United States
Appraisers' building, and the labors of the
investigation, interrupted through lack- of
testimony, were resumed with all the
former elaborate precautions in favor of
secrecy.
Dr. Sharp was placed upon the stand
forthwith. The fact of the inquiry having
been postponed in order that he might be
able to coir.e hither and give his testimony
before the close of the proceedings, made
Dr. Sbftrp an object of some interest to all
present. As he gave his testimony he was
curiously eyed by optics, official and other
wise. He looks as though about 40 years
of age and has a black beard and prema
turely gray hair.
Beiri£ interrogated as to his name and
status, Dr. Sharp said he was a member of
the Philadelphia Academy of Sciences,
and had gone north on the Bear's last
cruise for the purpose of collecting data for
the use of that society. On the dates men
tioned in the complaint of Daniels and
others, Captain llealy.he said, was unmis
takably intoxicated, as well as at many
other times. During the weeks in August,
while the Bear was waiting with a num
ber of whalers off Icy Cape for the opening
of a passage through the frozen straits, he
testified that the captain was almost con
tinually under the influence of liquor.
"You are not particularly fond of the
Captain, are you?" was asked.
The doctor was not very prompt in his
answer, but, on tiie question being pressed
upon him, at length admitted' that his
heart held no tender spot for Captain
Healy — in fact, that he had no love for
him.
"You and Lieutenants Darnels and
Emery and the rest have exchanged a
great many letters of late, have you not?"
was the next question.
More hesitation became manifest in tile
doctors answer, but on being required to
give a direct reply he acknowledged that
he had exchanged letters with the men
named and had helped them to formulate
the charges against their commander.
"Captain Healy was very kind and
friendly with you, wasn't he? He used to
give you curios for your collection and
seemed to take much interest in your re
searches, didn't he?"
"Yes," answered Dr. Sharp, rather halt
ingly, "he seemed kind, and gave me
some curios."
Dr. Sharp left the stand.
An effort was made by the prosecution
to impeach the testimony of Lieutenant
Buhner, that officer having been recalled
to the stand for the purpose of getting him
to qualify his former sworn statement as
to the captain's sobriety on the occasions
made mention of by Messrs. Sharp, Daniels.
I)urry and others in their complaint,
but the lieutenant refused to permit any
modification of his testimony. The case
then went over until to-day.
"I guess the captain's little affair will be
disposed of to-morrow," remarked one of
the. participants in the inquiry. "No sen
tence can be pronounced on Captain
Healy here, and the evidence as col
lated will be forwarded to the United
States Treasury Department at Washing
ton. The authorities there will take final
action upon the matter. It seems beyond
the remotest possibility that Healy cm be
made to suffer in the least, considering
the fact that not one of the charges
against him has been adequately sus
tained. The Daniels case will probablv be
next." said the man in blue in 'conclusion,
and if you promise not to breathe a word
about it, I will bet you a champagne sup
per that we shall see some fireworks."
RUDOLPH IS INDIGNANT.
Denial That He Has Any Inten
tion to Shoot Billy Har
rison.
He Says He Has No Designs on Buck
ley, and Only Desires Not to
Be Hounded.
Jake Rudolph, Chris Buckley's former
friend and advisor, is very indignant that
he should be accused of an intention or
desire to shoot Billy Harrison, Buckley's
nephew.
"I am accused of having hounded this
man," he said last evening, "when, as a
matter of fact, he has hounded me and has
insulted me on numerous occasions with
the evident intention of getting me into a
light and doing me up.
"Regarding the meeting of last Tuesday
night, about which so much fuss was
made, some one lied.
"I did not speak to Harrison at all that
night. He spoke to me as I was leaving a
cigar-store and used some very vulgar
language to me, at the same time threat
ening to do me up. I have avoided him
whenever possible and shall do so in the
future, unless he forces me to defend my
self.
"I believe that he wants people to think
thut I have threatened to shoot him so
that some day when he e"ts the opportun
ity he can kill me and g t clear on the
plea tliat he acted in .s.,jf-defen=e. Har
rison carries two guns of large caliber at
all times and I think he is capable of using
tnein.
"Then again they say that I have de
signs on BucKley'^ life. Nothing could be
further fioni the truth. I have had many
misfortunes of late years which have made
me look on the dark *ideoi life, but I want
to live a law-abiding man if possible and
live down the mistakes of former years.
"There is only one thing that I regret
having done, and that is attacking Mr.
Elliot of the Chronicle. That was unmanly
and uncalled for and to this day I cannot
understand why I did it. If I could recall
or undo that one act my conscience would
be clear, which is more than those who are
hounding rue can say.
"If these people will only let me go my
way and go their own 1 shall be perfectly
satistied never to see any of them again."
BELLES SALUTE CHARITY
Living Pictures Under the Di
rection of the Doctor's
Daughters.
A Fascinating Scene at the Resi
dence of Mrs. Clark
Crocker.
The artistic entertainment given in the
cause of charity under the direction of the
Doctor's Daughters, at the Clark Crocker
residence on Sutter street last night, assem
bled 300 charming representatives of
society. Belles and beaus of renown posed
in living pictures and enchanting tableaus.
Mrs. Clark Crocker with her commenda
ble and characteristic generosity placed
her home at the disposal of the Doctor's
Daughters. The large dining-room was
converted into a theater and a stage was
erected on the south end. Palms formed
a pleasing background and calcium lights
reflected color.
About .'SOO people were present and as
seats commanded $1 50 each the cause was
materially promoted.
The pictures were perfect in all the de
tails. One of the most effective was Sini
b;ilai's ''Daughter of the Rajah," in
which Miss Mary Belle Gwin posed most
effectively. Between the pictures there
were vocal and instrumental selections.
Addison Mizner had entire charge of the
programme and won unstinted praise for
his excellent management. The pro
gramme was as follows:
"Springtime of Love"; "Madam Roland";
song. Miss Magee; "The Wooing"; violin solo,
Miss Hush; "The Valentine," a study in yel
low; "Daughter of the Rajah"; "The Gaunt
let"; recitation, Miss Bender; "Princess
Aline"; "American Girl"; song, Wilson Miz
ner; "Alsace"; "The Roses"; "Girl with the
Muff"; song, MissLawlor; ''A Letter"; "Good
night."
The circle or organization known as the
Doctor's Daughters is composed of about
forty young ladies, some of whom are
married. They minister to the sick and dis
tressed and. find employment for the needy.
The president of the society, Mrs. P. B.
Horton, is active and enthusiastic in the
good work. Much good has already been
accomplished by the Daughters, and the
members are encouraged to pursue the
work.
The I. nil.- Case.
The jury to try Peter F. Lane, the first of the
"North ISeach gang" to be arrested, has been
secured, and the case will open Monday morn
ing. Carroll Cook, as has been reported,
challenged the panel of jurors, and to make
this challenge good the defense exhausted all
the peremptory challenges allowed them.
When the last one had been used Judge
Belcher offered t§ allow another, but it was
declined. The challenge to the panel will evi
dently play an important part in an appeal.
Thomson Is Sane.
Samuel Thomson, accused of assault upon a
little girl, came before Judge Wallace for trial
yesterday. He pleaded insanity, and a Jury
was empaneled to try that question. Several
witnesses were examined and al! told of Ms
peculiar actions and his suicidal attempts.
Each one expressed the opinion that Thomson
was insane. The jury, however, thought
differently and found him sane. He will be
tried ou the felony charge at once.
A BALFE-MOORE STATUE
Prominent Irishmen Want to
See a Memorial in the
Park.
AN EXPRESSION OF OPINIONS.
Proposed Series of Entertainments to
Defray the Expense Is Gener
ally Approved.
Tne proposition of the Balfe-Moore Club
to erect a monument in Golden Gate Park
to Balfe, Goldsmith, Moore or some other
famous Irish representative of letters or
music has called forth many expressions
of opinion.
Not a dissenting voice has been heard
among the prominent Irishmen of the
City.
The club, although a comparatively new
organization, includes many prominent
men in its membership and this movement
symholizeß the high intellectual character
of the society.
J. J. O'lJrien, James D. Phelan, J, Ma
honey, the Rev. D. O. Crowley. T. K. Ban
nerman and other leading spirits of the
club are enthusiasm collectively personi
fied and will do all in their power to carry
the project to a successful issue.
Many other well-known Irishmen, not
members of the club, favor the idea,
though some place it secondary in the
tcaie of importance to another enterprise
which the Irish societies are seeKing to
develop.
Jeremiah Deasy, connected with sev
eral leading societies, said yesterday : "'I
think the idea is commendable. It will
reflect credit on the Irish residents and if
properly carried out must be an ornament
to the park. No one can possibly think
of anything to say against the undertak
ing; but I believe the project of a grand
union hall for all the Irish societies should
take the lirst rank in importance. Tbis
last means a great deal to. the Irishmen
and their several organizations in this city
and I am in hopes decided action will be
taken soon. However, lam very anxious
to see a statue of one of our illustrious
countrvmen placed in the park and will
do all I can to aid the movement."
James (^illeran said he had been in such
poor health lately that he had paid
little attention to local Irish affairs, but
added that he could be depended on to ap
prove and abet any worthy act of his coun
trymen. A statue suited him.
Dr. O'Toole, who is a member of the
new club, said he iiad been placed on the
board of directors without his knowledge
and ihat he was not familiar with the
proposition in detail. "Gei 'rally speak
ing, though, I think it wil: be a crand
thing to place a monument of the kind
suggested in the park and let it go forth to
the world that such is the tribute paid by
the San Francisco Irishmen to one of their
national celebrities," he said.
Others who were unfamiliar with the
plan in detail had no hesitancy in express
ing their approval.
Attorney M. Cooney spoke with fervor of
the immortal fame won by his country
men in letters, giving the mo9t attention
to Moore. "It is certainly a noble
project," he said, "and one that does
honor to the Irishmen of San Francisco.
I do not think the sweet singer Moore will
ever die in the memory of the people, but
such a monument should be erected by all
means. Moore is as well, if not better,
lovea and remembered to-day than when
in the ilesh. We have reason to be proud
as Irisnmen and Americans of the great
men who have sprung from our race."
The proposition to hold a series of enter
tainments similar to the Goethe-Schiller
festival, for the purpose of raising the
funds needed to defray the expense of the
monument, is generally favored. Many of
the other societies will probably give their
hearty co-operation.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
' V) : 0 y£J I, — 1*
srmtoLAnDLß.oorrLOD« o>- itMtsAnDrwHAowi--
THE T~ HALL
; CITY I DOME
Is Not Now As High in the Estimation
of the Public as
-THE OLD LIME KILN"
And Charming: KATIE PUTNAM.
Drop in and See for Yourselves.
SEATS— ISc, 25c, 50c and 75c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTEK MOBOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENINU AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and
ESSIK TITTELL in the Leading Holes.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
■:*'. y'VKXiNn Pkicu— and STa
Family Circle and Gallerv. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM. ~~
O'Farrell Streeu Between Stocii:on anl Po-t»IU
WEEK BEOINMNQ MONDAY, FEB. 17,
A Great-List of Renowned Attractions!
: THE WILTONS
• : the PANTZEKi •
• CARROLL JOHNSON
j THE OAKKISONS :
Our Great Company of Celebrities.
Keserved seats, 125c: Balcony, 10c: Opar* ca»lri
> and Box seats. 50c.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SATURDAY, FEBKUARY 23, 1896
; «;n (Washington's Birthday).
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
YEREIN EINTRACHT!
t£g- Grand Festival March entitled "400 Years
of -\merican Life," representing the most im-
portant periods of the history of the United States
of America.
Prizes amounting to $000 will be distributed.
Louis N. Kitzau's Military Band of 36 Pieces.
Admission 91. OO
Keserved Seats 50c extra at Goldstein & Conn's,
822 Market street. , . '
Doors open at 7. Promenade Concert at 8.
Grand March at 9 p. m. ■ •
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
GRAND :-: SYMPHONY :-: CONCERT
'■ BY THE —
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:30.
Soloist— Mß. OTTO BENDIX.
FOURTH CONCERT FRIDAY, FEB. 81,
" Course Tickets on sale at 308 Post street.
RACING I RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
——WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, February 20,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
P.acing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. l\ain or Shine.
FIVE OB MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Baces start at 2:00 p.m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the eata.
R. B. iUILBOY. THOS. U. WILLIAMS JR.,
■v*;~ Secretary. President
DUFFY'S PURE
WHISKEY
FOR MEDICINAL USE '
NO FUSEL OIL
COUGHS, COLDS, GRIP,
CHILLS, PNEUMONIA
Can be safely avoided by the use
of this great whiskey. Beware
of all imitations. All druggists
and grocers keep it. Send for
phamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
THEATRE I 1 s^'ops.
2nd AND LAST WEEK OF
Mil. THOMAS
XSL33 E3 r«T ES
And His Splendid Bnpportlng Company.
TO-XIGHT (Frldny) .'.... "OTHELLO"
Sat. Mat "MEKCHANT OF VKNICE 1 '
Saturday Night "RICHARD III"
Sunday "LOUIS XI"
COMMENCING
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT, February 24,
Everybody's Favorite Comedienne,
—JOLLY — '■ —
NELLIE
McHENRY s.
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pre-
senting Her Latest Musical Farcical Success,
"THE BICYCLE GIRLI"
Bright Music, Catchy &ot»ts, Pretty Dances,
Beautiful Girls, Elaborate Costumes, etc.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Al Havman & Co. announce
PADEREWSKI
In Two (2) Piano Recitals on
THIS (FRIDAY) AFTERNOON at 3:00,
AND FOR
A FINAL RECITAL
| BALDWIN THEATER
SUNDAY EVENING February 23, at 8:15
1 PRICES: S3, S3, »5, according to location.
S"u" Seats for this afternoon at Sherman,
Clay Jfc Co.'s.
JBfS" Seats for Sunday night now ready at Baldwin
i Theater bo.x-otKce.
Steinway <£ Son's Piano used at all the Paderew*
ski recitals.
Er/\TR£ *l ?p v ops.
Last 55 Nights of the Opera Season!
LASX MATINEE SATURDAY I
At 91.00, 5c and 50c.
TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT "HOHEMIAN GIRL'»
Saturday Matinee (50c, 7Sc, .."CARMEN"
Saturdav Nislit— Great Double Bill— Cast In-
cludjnsr nil the Company, "TKOVATOBE"
and by Kequest "X' PAGLIACCI"
Sunday Night, Feb. '23— Positively Final Recital
PADEREWSKI.
EXTRA NEXT WEEK.
Annual engagement of tbe Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK
And His Celebrated Company In Magnificent
Scenic Productions of Cla.ssic Romance
SSSrJlielountcknk
Tuesday and Thursday Evenings,
"THE LION'S MOUTH"
Saturday Evening "VIRGIMUS"
SEATS NOW READY.
S^y Al PA7AD
Magnificent Production of the Great Play,
FAUST ASD JIARfiIERITE !
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUND \Y.
Washington's Kirthilay — Icecream
and Cake. Special Present of
a High-Class Bicycle. .
Prices lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c and sOc
Monday Next— The Great
CARLETON OPERA COMPANY!-
Seats Now on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. Kbn-estine Krelino, Proprietor & Manager
-THIS EVENING
Splendid Elertric Production
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR
••THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
Tbe Most Wondrous lirocken Scene Ever
Shown in This City.-
CAST INCLUDES .
IDA VAXJSRGA
KatcMarchi, John J. Uaftael, •
Marfin I'ache, Marcel Perron,
\V. H. West, Arthur Boyce.
Grand Chorus! —Superb Oichestrat
Next Opera— "RIP VAN WINKLE."
Popular Prlces-25c and sOc.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Bet. Polk and Van Ness).
VETERAN "GUARDS G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY!— : —
— — ATTRACTIVE BILL !
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday ; ■ t C* ' ¥
Tuesday II X? I
Wednesday ; ... •■■KJ vv - 1
B3S?:::::::::::: TWO OF A KOD
iu^::::::::::FUN ON THE BRISTOL
— '■ — SATURDAY MATINEE!
PRICES— IOc, 2Oc, 3Oc, sOc.
■ Curtain Will Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard. • "■ ■■ . •.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
Saturday— Washington's BirthdaV,
— — ORPHAN JUVENILE BAND— —
Afternoon and Evening. . •
Also in Evening, - :•'
GRAND DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS!
Pyrotechnics of All Sorts and Kinds. 
HAIGHT STREET, NEAR THE PARK.
ADMISSION — 10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Rouud Hide), lOch
78
MRS. STOCKTON SAYS BROWN WRONGED HER
The Woman's Sworn Testi
mony Before the Church
Council.
THE PASTOR INDIGNANT
A Denial of the Accusations
Shouted Out at the Mid
night Session.
ONE WITNESS IN HYSTERICS.
Mrs. Blanchard Became Wildly Ex
cited and Created a Scene— Judge
Campbell in the Defense.
The third day's proceedings of the
council called to determine the truth or
falsity of the charges alleging immoral
conduct on the part of Dr. Brown resulted
in two sensations yesterday.
The first came when Mrs. Lena Blanch
ard was produced as a witness to corrob
orate the charge of intimidation preferred
by Mrs. Cooper. With stately step and
confident and apparently composed air
she ascended the steps leading to the ros
trum. The moderator suggested that she
be sv/orn, and then followed the first of
an interesting series of dramatic incidents,
ending with Mrs. Blanchard hurling the
lie at the four ladies who had made affida
vits alleging ballot-stufhng on the part of
Mrs. Cooper.
While the witness was being sworn she
turned squarely to the audience, and, in
terrupting the moderator in a voice which
showed deep emotion, exclaimed:
"I eame here to protect Mrs. Cooper, \
ana I intend to tell the truth. I have been
told that bedlam has broken loose in this \
church, and 1 want to remedy it if pos- j
sible."
The judge advocate then began his di
rect examination, eliciting only such
facts as had previously been published.
With each question, however, Mrs.
Blacchard grew mor» excited, rising from
her chair, and with arm3 extended, by
way of emphasis, approached the moder
ator and then advanced to the edge of the
platform. With nearly every answer she
interpolated the remark, "I am here to
tell the truth and nothing but that."
It was when the crosß-exarnination was
fairly on that the most intensely dramatic
scene of the week occurred. Dr. Brown
led the witness by slow stages to that part
of her testimony where sfie alleged in
timidation.
The pastor asked her if she had not toid
the four ladies mentioned in the affidavits
that she had voted against him, after Mrs.
Cooper had been informed by her that she
was not a member of the church. This
was more than Mrs. Blanchard could
stand.
"They have lied, " she cried, springing
to her feet and rushing frantically about
the stage. "They know they lied. I have
two little children to protect, and I intend
doing so. Nothing can keep it from me."
Dr. McLean, Dr. Rader and others en
deavored to quiet her, but the tears had
begun to flow by this time, and further ex
amination was postponed. Mrs. Blanchard
was led gently from the lecture-room to
the library, crying as she passed out :
'•I have not lied— l nave not lied!"
Mrs. Cooper joined her in the library,
and a few moments later she was sent to
her home, 826 Bush street.
The tears, protestations of trnth and de
nunciation of falsehood, with accompany
ing gesticulations, created a mild-sized
panic, which ended only when, the name
of Mrs. Stockton was mentioned.
This lady appeared at the evening
session in what might be called matinee
costume. She wore a gaily flowered silk
dress, with lace trimmings, with a fur
cape lined with light blue silk. Mrs.
Stockton was coached from beginning to
end by Attorney Bartnett.
She was permitted to answer nothing
which might tend In any way to reflect on
her moral character, except that part of
course relating to Dr. Brown.
Mrs. Stockton's story was practically the
same as tnat already published. She told
in a general way of numerous rides, walks
and a dinner or so, when the strongest
drink was tea. She was very sure it was
tea. The winsome widow told of kisses in
the office, on Castro Heights and other
places tnat she could not recall.
She naively admitted that had any one
else attempted such a thing a serious ob
jection would have been entered.
Mrs. Stockton claimed that Mrs. Brown
knew of the pastor's wild affection for her,
but still championed her cause when oc
casion demanded. Dr. Brown, in cross
examination, asked many questions rela
tive to certain alleged misconduct on the
pait of Mrs. Stockton, which that lady re
fused to answer.
Once or twice she declared that she was
not certain as to details, but was positive
as to facts. The pastor was willing that
everything should be told, declaring that
it was not fair to allow Mrs. Stockton to
allege ill of him. but refuse to answer ques
tions affecting her own character.
The full day's proceedings will be found
below.
THE INQUIRY.
Mrs. Blanchard Testifies and
Creates a Scene by Going
Into Hysterics.
Rev. Dr. Freeman opened the proceed
ings of the council yesterday with prayer.
The rollcall showed Scudder, McKee and
Williams absent, but all three drifted in a
few minutes later.
Walter Bartnett asked that he be allowed
to appear as the attorney of Mrs. Cooper.
Dr. Pond objected and made a motion
that attorneys as attorneys be not heard
before the council.
Mr. Bartnett then asked to be allowed
to say a few words relative to Mrs. Stock
tou. He said she had agreed to come be
fore the council to testify on certain con
ditions, and added that he would ask "for
no privileges in the capacity of an attor
ney. He was given permission to address
I Will Sec Tnzm on Tneirpßalhl-td-
the council, and spoke as follows:
I desire to make a statement of the con
ditions under which Mrs. Stockton will come
before tho council to vistify, as a friend oi
Mrs. Cooj-er and the council.
The hearing of Bartnett was referred to
the committee on charge*.
Dr. Pond here renewed his motion that
attorneys, as attorneys, be not permitted
to appear before the council. He ex
plained bis motion by saying that their
taking part in the proceedings would be
to get things into a tangle. The motion
was laid on the table.
Brown asked if such a rule had not been
adopted, and the scribe informed him that
it had not. The matter had simply been
recommended, he added, at the prelimi
nary and informal meeting of Monday.
When the committee returned Dr. Hoyt
stated that the committee had heard Mr.
Bartnett's statement, and had made it
known to the judtre advocate, who would
make it known to the council. Mr. Wood
hams was not ready to make the state
ment, and he then called Mrs. Cooper to
the stand for cross-examination.
Dr. Brown asked if she had not stated
that she had alway beeu loyal to the pas
tor up to this affair.
I did.
Ha-1 I not been loyal to you?
I think you haa.
■\Vho is responsible for the breaking or Inter
ruption of that relation between us?
I'r. Brown.
You say that you suffered mental anguish
on aecount of what you had heard. Don' t you
think that if you had communicated with "nie
you could have avoided that anguish?
I made an effort to do so when I wrote to
you that second time when Mrs. Brown con
cluded it was not proper for Dr. Brown to see
me.
Brown explained that ho wanted to
show that Mrs. Cooper had not followeu
church discipline. He then asked:
You have been called a born advocate, have
you not?
Yes; many times.
Was i t not your desire to be considered a born
advocate, rather than yonr desire to reach the
truth, that has actuated you in this matter?
No, a thousand times no.
Dr. Brown continued to question Mrs.
Cooper, witn a view to showing that shr:
did not take the proper steps to ascertain
from him the explanation of the state
ments she had heard, and Mrs. Cooper
held to tba statement that she had done
all that she could do to give him an op
portunity to explain.
You stated under oath that the charges were
true, did you not?
I slated under oath that the Overman letters
were genuine to the best of my belief.
And that there was no explanation of them
except on the hypothesis of my guflt?
Well, along that line.
Brown then shifted his po°ition and
asked if Mrs. Cooper believed that he had
spirited away Mrs. Tunneli by means of a
back door.
The reply was that since her statement
of last night she had explored a little and
found that, instead of there being a back
or side door to Dr. Brown's residence ti.e
door was in front.
Can you slate positively thet you can sub
stantiate any of the charges you have made by
witnesses? ■
That remains to be seen.
- Dr. Brown questioned Mr3. Cooper con
cerning the Stockton matter, and she re
fused to answer. The reason \ was that
Mrs. ■ Stockton would "appear later as a
witness, under certain conditions. These
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2I« 1896.
conditions were that she should make
her statement before the council, Dr.
Brown. Mrs. Cooper and the judge advo
cate. The judge advocate therefore ad
vised that all questions in relation to Mrs.
Stockton be postponed until after sne had
made her statement. Dr. Brown assented
to this and for the time gave over the cross
examination to the council.
Dr. Hatch asked if an explanation of
the Overman letters should be made
would she still think him guilty. She re
plied that she would; there were other
matters more convincing: than the letters.
Judee-Advocate Woodhams said since
yesterday quite a number of per
sons had approached him with sug
gestions and bits of evidence, and that
at present th« case was in such a state that
he thought an adjournment until next
Tuesday would be advisable in order to
give him time to straighten out the tangled
mass of evidence.
j)r. Hoyt moved that when the council
adjourned it adjourn until next Tuesday
at 2 r. m.
Brown protested against delay.
Mrs. Cooper asked permission to speak,
and that being granted, asked that the
adjournment be not taken, because she
said she had a most important witness
who could be present to-night and it
would be a great calamity it she could
not be heard.
Brown declared that he would protest
auainst concessions being allowed Mrs.
Stockton. There were other ladies who
were to testify who should have all the
consideration* granted to Mrs. Stockton.
"I here refuse," he said, "to listen to what
Mrs. Stockton has to say without the
presence of my wife."
Mrs. Lena Blanchard was placed on the
stand, and testified regarding the manner
in which she had been induced to make
Ine affidavit containing the statement that
she had voted on the evening of February
5 during the church, business meeting. v
Her testimony was on the charge of in
timidation made against Dr. Brown. She
i said she had been induced to sign the affi
davit by threats of imprisonment made by
Dr. Brown. Her presence at the church
she explained by stating that she had read
in the newspapers "that pandemonium
reigned in the church; that they made a
bedlam of the church."
She added: "I came to protect Mrs.
Cooper. I thought there would be a phys
ical encounter, and I intended to take her
part."
During her cross-examination by Dr.
Brown she showed increasing signs of aci
tation, and when he asked her, "Did any
lady speak to you and ask you if you were
a member of the church?" she aro.-e from
her seat, threw her hands above her head,
and gazing into vacancy literally shouted:
"No, sir. It is a fabehood. Don't you
lie to me. I have angels by my side. I
will not stand being called a liar. I won't
stand a falsehood. They have lied."
In the midst of. the confusion that en
sued and which brought several memoers
of the council to itheir feet, a motion to
adjourn was made but ignored. One of
the members approached the witness
wnilo she was stiil in her frenzy and at
tempted to lead her off the platform from
the rear into the library.
She went off shrieking and crying and
shouting terms of reproach at the council.
Her last words heard were, in tones of
sarcasm and anger: "Investigate, liars! I
am a mother, and have three children.
You will rue the day that you called me a
liar!"
Mrs. Blanchard was immediately taken
home.
The proceedings of the council went on
uninterruptedly. It was decided that
Mr3. Stockton would be beard in the even
ing session under conditions tliat she pre
scribed.
These were that the general public
should be excluded from the hearing.
There was considerable discussion as to
whether press reporters should be admit
ted, and this was left ao the decision of
Mrs. Stockton.
She argued that one representative from
each paper mieht attend on pledging him
self to withhold from publication such
portions of the testimony as she might
designate.
MRS. STOCKTON'S STORY.
The Woman Plainly Testified That
She Was Wronged by Dr.
Brown.
Rev. Mr. Scudder opened the evening
session with prayer, and after a brief con
sultation between Mr. Woodhams and Mr.
Bartnott the former addressed the council
as follows:
The representative of Mrs. Stockton reports
that she is willing that one representative of
each of the three morning papers remain, pro
vided they will omit such portion of the pro
ceedings as may be indicated by her, and it is
understood that Deacon Vasconcellos, repre
senting the board of deacon*, may also remain.
Brown— l make the special request that Judge
Campbell, who knows a great deal more about
the life of this woman who is to testify this
evening, particularly with regard to her con
nivance with the gray-haired corset-dealer,
be allowed to remain.
McLean (addressing Judge Campbell)— What
is the custom about haying important wit
nesses when one of the witnesses is testifying?
Judjre Campbell — It is usual to have all the
witnesses remain in the courtroom except
where counsel on one side or the other re
quests that they retire. In tlmt case the court
makes an order where & conflict of testimony
is expected.
Objection was made to the presence of
Judge Campbell by Mrs. Stockton,
through her counsel.
])r. Brown— lt seems unfair that a person
shou'd be allowed to come under her own con
ditions to bear such testimony as I under
stand she will, which would swear my life
invay — or ull that is worth anything to me.
Not being accustomed to the law, and not be
ing aware of what she is to test.ry to, as is
.Midge Campbell, I ask that he be allowed to
remain here.
McLean— Dr. Brown, every request of yours
made by you this afternoon was granted*, and
ha«l this .-(quest been made I think it would
bars been granted. I think it is now too late
to raise a question, and you must abide by the
decision of the witness.
Brown— lt does not seem tSme that this body
=• here to beg of anybody to come here to make
statements that I urn able to and will disprove.
McLean— Dr. Hrown must remember tiiat this
Council is giving him great consideration in
consenting to come here on this matter with
out charges having been provided by the
rhureh and without witnesses being ready to
testify. All the evidence will have to lie
weighed in the light of other evidence. The
council consented to make a stipulation, ami
it must abide by it if it is going to do business.
Judge Campbell was then courteously
asked to leave the room, ami his departun
was attended with pleasant repartee, he
informing the moderator that when he
felt disposed to attend his court he should
have a front seat.
Dr. Brown, Deacon Vasconcelloa and the
council retired on the suggestion of Mr.
Woodhams to the library for a consulta
tion. On their return a "few minutes later
Moderator McLean announced tnat the
council was ready to proceed.
E. C. Williams* precipitated another dis
cussion by making a motion to exclude all
witnesses" except the one testifying, but
his motion was laid on the table. Then
the inquiry proceeded.
Woodhams— Mrs. Stockton, please take the
stand.
Mrs. St >ckton ascended the plutform,
and oa being asked to take the oath said:
''I don't need to take an oath. I am
going to tell the truth and nothing but the
truth."
McLean— All persons who testify here take
the oath.
The oath was then duly administered,
the witness-showing creat anxiety to com
ply to the most minute details with its
proper administration.
After she had been sworn she remarked :
I promise to tell only the truth, and I want
to say that it is against my wish that I came
here to testify against Dr. Brown. I have al
ways felt the deepest sympathy for him.
McLean— Mrs. Stockton, you will only an
swer any questions that are asked you. Any
thing you have to say to Dr. Brown you can
say afterward.
Wooalianis— Where rto you reside?
Mrs. Stockton — 615 Mason street.
llow long have you resided in the City and
County of San Francisco?
1 can't remember exactly.
About how long?
Approximately speaking, possibly eight
yenrs.
Have vou resided anvwhere else during that
time?
1 resided in a good many places.
Where was your last permanent place of
abode before coming to San Francisco?
I cannot answer exactly— l was in so many
places. I -was much like a gypsy looking for a
fixed residence.
I understand that you are a married woman?
I was once.
When were you married?
H is so long at»o that I can't remember; at
least eight years it appears to me, when Icanie
to San Francisco.
• Were you married in San Jose?
I resided there for a short time.
Did you move from ban Jose to San Fran
cisco?
I don't remember exactly. My impression is
that I did.
How long have you been residing at your
present place of abode?
Perhaps a year.
Have you been there exactly a year ?
Perhaps a fraction over a year.
When did you move there? What month?
I think it was January.
Where did you reside "prior to that?
At the Hotel Alexandria, 781 Sutter street.
Will you now tell us where you first met Dr.
Brown ?
I met him on the Sunday when I had a mind
to join the church. There were several things
decided me in favor oi the Congregational
church.
\\here was- it?
In the room above.
What time of day?
1 don't remember. I think It was after
sermon,
Was anybody present? \
The congregation.
] mean anybody with you?
No friend of mine. I came alone.
When was that?
I i:an't say. I don't remember exactly.
About how long ago?
'Pan look t>? Hronm «5f Tht
Face"
It may have been two years ago.
As far back as IS'Xi t
It was not longer than two years ago. It may
have been a little less.
Was it while you resided at the Alexandria
Hotel?
It was not. It was after that.
Where were you residing when you first
came here?
At 514 Sutler street.
AY as that a family lodging-house?
There was a lady kept it. She kept a few
roomers. I bonrded and roomed there. I wag
the only hoarder.
How long had you been attending terricei
here before you mot Dr. Browne.
The iirst day I happened to accldantally
meet him.
In what part of the church did you meet
him?
In front of the pulpit.
Where did you sit that day?
I don't remember.
Did you advance to meet him?
No ; I d id not advance to meet him. I walked
from my scat to the front of the church to go
down below.
Had you ever been to the church before that
time?
No, sir; I saw some people going downstairs,
and I started to follow them.
Had you inquired of any one how to find
your nay?
I was following others who were goinjr down.
Do you remember on which side of the
Church it was, or was it the center?
I don't remember; possibly the center.
Were you a regular attendant from that day
on at this church?
Yes, sir, to the best of my recollection.
How long did you continue to be an attend
ant here?
That. I can't answer.
When was the next occasion of your meeting
Dr. Brown?
I don't really remember exactly when. I did
meet him when I attended the church on every
Sunday, and I don't remember how many
times.
How long after you first came to the church
was it that you had your name presented for
membership?
That I don't rerr.ember. I think I spoke of it
when I first came to the church.
Do you remember the time that you joined
the church?
I don't remember.
Will you tell ub within yonr reoolleotlon
when you next met Dr. Brown, after the first
time that you have already related?
Well, I can't say. You mean after l joined
the ohurch?
Any time after you first met him in the
church at your first meetinp.
That I could not say, for sometimes I met
him in connection with regular church duties.
Did you ever meet Dr. Brown at any Dlace
outside of this church?
Yes, I Uid.
Will you tell us whrre you met him the first
lime outside of this church?
Let me see. I came here to tall the truth,
and I want lo tell it. The first place I met him
was on Sutter street. Will you allow me to
tell what led up to that meetinc?
Where on Sutter street did this meeting take
plate?
Jt was somewhere east of Jones.
You had no appointment to meet him?
No; not the first time 1 met him.
What occured at that meeting?
Nothing. We simply passed the time of day.
He asked me if 1 would come over and talk
with him in his study, I belreve.
Don't you know whether or not he asked
you?
Yes, he did. I hesitate where there Is the
least doubt in my mind.
How long a time was spent at that meeting
on .Sutter street?
I don't know— two minutes— lt might have
been live minutes; not to exceed that.
Was it anywhere near your residence at that
time?
1 resided on Sutter street, between Powell
and Mason.
In what direction was Dr. Brown going?
hast— downtown.
In which direction wore you going?
I was going home— west.
What time of day was that?
I don't remember. I think it was In the
afternoon.
What time in the afternoon?
I was employed in the Surveyor-General's
office. The office closes at 4 o'clock, so I think
it was after that time.
Where is the Surveyor-General's office?
Six hundred and ten Commercial street.
Can you recall the time of your next meet
ing with Dr. Brown?
1 think it was that evening in his study.
Don't you know it was?
I am quite sure it was.
What time in the evening?
I don't remember exactly. I think it was in
the early part of the evening. Shall I refer to
thfit as tne office or the study? lam in doubt
and I want to know. I wain to tell the truth.
The matter was explained to tier and
she then stated that tne meeting was
in the office. Her examination was then
continued:
Woodhams— Was anybody present at that in
terview besides yourself and Dr. Brown?
Mrs. Stockton— Nobody; no one else.
What time was that?
I don't remember exactly. I don't think it
lasted very long.
Will you relate to us -what was said?
I do not remember, I could not truthfully
say what passed. It was simply a nice little
pleasant meeting.
I would like to have you tell me when the
next meeting occurred between yourself and
Dr. Brown.
I think it was on the street as I was coming
from my office.
Was it on Sutter street ?
It seems to me it was a little further east. I
can't rememtier exactly the time.
What occurred between you at that time ?
I think it was the usual 'passing of the time
of day.
What occurred, if anything?
Nothing besides exchanging the time of day.
You made no appointment at that time to
meet Dr. Brown at any place ?
It is so long ago I can't remember.
S'ate the next occasion of your meeting with
Dr. Brown as near as you can remember.
I will say this: That I met him frequently,
but I can't rememher the time and place, it
is so far back that it is almost impossible to
remember.
This occurred after you first met Dr. Brown
in the church above?
Yes, sir.
I want to know the next time that you can
definitely remember anything that passed be
tween you.
One thing that I can definitely remember
was a matter that led up to these meetings. I
had called t\t his office one afternoon in con
nection with my work in the Sunday-school.
My impression is that I h«.d a consultation in
the office on that matter and that it was pro
longed late into the afternoon. It was simply
such a meeting as a pastor should have witn a
member of his congregation. I started to go
and put on my things and we then went out
of the room downstairs.
Here he took my hand to Bay good-by, and
with that he threw his arms around me and
Kissed me.
I was surprised, i>ut I can't say I was dis
pleased. I said, "Don't! you must not do
that." I was a! raid of the sexton. I am un
der the impression that it was the next day I
met him on the street. I did not seek the em
brace.
Had you made any appointment to meet
him?
That I don't remember. It was this that led
up to the meetings on Sutter street.
And this meeting in the church occurred
prior to the first meeting on the street.
Yes, sir. I so explain that to show his ex
cuse for meeting me on the street.
Will you tell us when you next met Dr.
Brown?
The meetings were so frequent that I can't
remember any exact day. About every day.
Relate anything that took place which you
can remember.
He used t» wait in convenient doorways and
places to meet me, and we used to take street
car rides.
McLean— Did you leave your office at a regu
lar time each day?
Oh. yes. At the same time every day.
• Tenney— Did this occur after you had joined
the church?
Yes; I substituted at that time in the Sun
day-school, and on these streetcar excursions
w i- would discuss Sunday-school questions.
■ Who was superintendent of the Sunday
school at this time?
Kev. Mr. John Ray.
Woodhams— Why did you go to the study in
the evenings?
I think it was proper to go when my pastor
asked me to go.
At the time that you went to the study in
the evenings, was it before or after the em
brace ?
After the embrace.
Brown— The alleged embrace.
This produced a pleasant little laugh
from Mrs. Stockton.
Woodhams— You say you had frequent rides
on the streetcars. Where did you go?
Wo went to a great many places. At one
time we went where they dump scrap iron.
We rode out and sat on piles and talked. We
went in that direction to avoid p'»otile. An
other time we went out to Castro Heights and
climbed a very high hill. I remember that be
cause I hurt my foot. We stayed there until
dusk. I remember the doctor callea attention
to the lights in" the City and how pretty they
looked. The doctor embraced me several times.
Then we took a ride to Laurel Hill Cemetery
and looked at tne tombs and the flower gar
dens. We also went to Harrison Park or some
thing like that. The time we went to Castro
Heights it was too late for him to go home lor
dinner, so we went to the Maison Riche.
Woodhams— Who paid lor the dinner?
The doctor paid for it.
How long did you remain there?
Perhaps half an hour or an hour and a half
Did the doctor embrace you while you were
there?
Yes, sir, he did. It was a private room and
he said he was afraid some one might see him
as people were going in and out.
Anything else occur besides the embrace?
Well, he kissed me.
What did you have at that dinner?
There was tea.
Anything stronger than tea?
No, sir.
Did you have any toast?
I think, with the chops. It was a modest
dinner. I could not go into details.
Will you continue to enlighten us on other
matters in connection with your journeys to
diilerent places in the City with Dr. Brown?
Wo went to all points of the compass in tak
ing those rides.
Did you have any other dinners?
That was the only dinner.
Did Dr. Brown ever express his admiration
for you personally.
Yes, sir, all the time. He expressed himself
in a very affectionate manner. His fervor was
intense. lam simply here to tell the truth,
and I want to say that I think a greet deal of
the doctor now.
Did he ever express himself as being willing
to marry you?
He said he loved me well enough to leave
his wife and everything, and I would have Iteen
fool enough to marry him. At one time he
took a knife and threatened to kill himself if I
would not marry him.
Did he propose any plan by which that could
It was the hopelessness of that matter that
made him try to commit suicide. He said he
could not get along with his wife and loved
me well enough to dd anything for me.
Dr. Rader here called the attention of
the moderator to the fact that Mr. Bart
nett was prompting; Mr. Woodhams, and
said that he did not think there should be
any coaching. Mr. Wood hams arose for
the evident purpose of explaining, but be
fore lie began speaking Mrs. Stockton re
marked:
They don't need to coach me. I have only
como to say what is true and I can say It with
out any coaching.
Mr. Woodbams explained that Mr.
Bartnett had a better knowledge of the
character oF the testimony that the wit
ness was to give, and he was simply sug
gesting to him the lines on which to make
bis examination. This proved satisfac
tory to the council and the examination
continued.
Woodhams— Did you have any difficulty with
any member of the church with regard to any
entertainment Riven here?
Not particularly.
You know what was the cause of the trouble
in regard to the Turkish tea?
I think there was a little trouble on the oc
casion of which you speak.
Did you know what that difficulty was of
your own knowledße?
There was some little unpleasantness In
which Dr. Brown and his wife championed
my cause. Tnis was some time after all these
declarations of love: after my visit to Mrs
Brown and his confession to Mrs. Brown of
our actions and that he had wronged me, and
that she should invite me to the house. But I
refused to come on such an invitation. She
knew of our intimacy and took my part on
that occasion.
Who told Mrs. Brown ?
One day 1 went up to the offic9 to see the
doctor and I found Mrs. Brown there. Before
that I had made an appointment to meet him
on Monfgomery street on some corner, but sue
unfortunately pot the note, so both were thi-re
instead of the doctor alone. She asked me if I
had written the note a.nd I said "No" at first.
I denied it as I did not want to implicate the doc
tor and myself. She asked me to come up to the
study, but I had a previous engagement
which prevented my going, so she got no
chance to see me. On a later day I went to
the office to see the doctor, and she was there.
There was some company there, and when the
company went out I felt that I would tell her
right out. I liked the doctor very much and
respect his wife, and told her when she asked
me about this letter that I had written
it. 1 said that I must have had
some cause, and the doctor agreed
to that and we all shed teßr3 and made up. I
sa'd that I had not any desire to separate them
or make trouble. Then he said, "I have
wronged this woman and you invite her to the
house." I said that I would not go on any
such invitation. They escorted me home and
after that I went to their house two or three
times. It was after that the trouble occurred
with Mrs. French.
Did you ever meet the doctor after the
prayer-mee tings of the church?
Oh, yes; we used to meet very frequently.
I would hardly eet into my room when he
would come in. He was like my shadow.
Did you ever meet him at any of the ser
vices?
Yes, sir; for once we took a walk out to
North Beach. It was dark, and 1 know that we
walked miles. There were some Italian vege
table gardens there.
About how many times do you suppose that
you met the doctor afterchurch services?
Enough times that I was willing to go to the
end of the earth for him. We never went to a
place of amusement — to a theater. We used
sometimes to go east of Montgomery street,
where we were not likely to meet people who
might recognize us.
Are you at the present time a member of
this church?
I am In good standing. My name has never
been dropped from tho roll. No one has ever
said anything to cause it to be dropped, ex
cept the doctor.
Did you ever have any other relations with
Dr. Brown except those embraces which you
say he gave you?
That I decline to answer, but I will say this
much — that the doctor was under great obliga
tion? to me, and I expected a great deal from
the doctor. I expected that he would marry
me. I said he had wronged me.
Had there been any criminal relations be
tween you and the doctor? You aver, then, on
your oath that there were?
I did not say so. I have been attacked, other
wise 1 would not have said a word. I have
been attacked in a way that I have
never been attacked before in my
whole life. I have been indiscreet and frivol
ous, but never did anything criminal. I
fought against coming here, but have been
forced to come to protect myself. It has been
a great humiliation. I have always thought
well of the doctor.
Brown— l wish I might be protected against
this kind of testimony.
Woodhams— Have any threats been made by
any one to prevent you coming here ?
I was afraid of my life to come here to-night,
and that fear has not yet gone.
From what source does that fear come?
I will not go into details. I have my rea
sons.
Has Dr. Brown threatened you in any wayT
No, sir.
Has any one in the doctor's interest threat
ened you?
A certain influence was used to keep me
away, which I thought I ought to respect, but
I thought I ought to come to protect myself
and show that I am not as bad as 1 might be,
and 1 want people to know it.
The witness disclaimed that she had
been induced to come bv any influence
brought to bear on her by Mrs. Cooper. In
answer to questions by E. C. Williams the
witness stated that she had frequently met
Dr. Brown in her room and retold the story,
as previously published in The Call,
of his having kissed her while she was
lying in bed ill.
K. C. Williams— Did Dr. Brown ever take any
other liberties except those you have men
tioned?
I said he wron ged me.
At this point the reporters were asked
to withdraw, which they did.
After the secret session (lasting nearly
an hour) the examination of Mrs. Stock
ton was resumed. Attorney Bartnett con
tinued to prompt his client, to which ob
jection was made by Dr. Brown.
The moderator decidpd that under the
agreement this was allowed. Dr. Racier
appealed from the decision of the chair,
Dr. Brown saying that it was an unheard
of thing to limit questions. The modera
tor was sustained by a vote of 8 to 3.
Dr. Brown in his cross-examination
asked many questions which involved her
character in more ways than one. He
wanted to know if she had not attempted
to blackmail Mr. Bass of Heuter-Bass Com
pany, and if she had not had improper
relations with Harry Martel and Archi
bald McMillan.
On advice of her attorney she refused to
answer. Dr. Brown then asked if it were
true that she had attended a stag party,
and the next morning had been found in the
woods in a compromising position with a
man. The witness declined to answer, af
ter which Dr. Brown said he saw no reason
to continue the examination further, as
the witness had evidently been well
coached.
The Gear affidavit, which has already
been published, was then offered in evi
dence, together with seven letters, the fol
lowing being a fair sample of all:
NEW TO-DAY.
BROKEN
PRICES.
CHILDREN'S SUITS.
These are "broken lots" from our vast
wholesale stock — they can't go in the
complete retail stock, so we offer them at
these phenomenal figures :
OUR WHOLESALE PRICE. OUR BROKEN PRICE,
faoo } {$2.00
*4.50 } {$2.50
$5.00 } "{$ 3.00
Wholesale Manufacturers
Profis. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SAIMSOME STREET,
Bet. Busk and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
May 21, 1894.
My Dear Mr. Gear: Am awfully sorry we nra
delayed, but it can't be helped. However,
find out the minute he return* and Immedi
ately take action. Perhaps after all we had
better uot strike too high, and in that con
nection yon had better run up here this Satur
day about 1 o'clock and decide just what to
ask for. etc.
If i do not hear from you in the meantime
will expect youthen. Of course, if I should
be earlier, and he should be here by that time,
if away for only a week, let me know and I will
come up sooner. Till then, sincerely yours,
MRS. M. A. STOCKTON.
June 4. 1894.
Dear Mr. Gear: Your last letter gave me
hopes, as I surely expected you to-day with
news of some sort.
Won't you please tell me now, for once and
all, what your intentions are regarding this
matter? If you are with me, as your first
proposition suggest*""!, well and good; finish it
up us quickly as possible. If you are for B ,
let me know'now, as I will find it out anyhow.
I snail carry- out my part in either case if you
don't show up by to-morrow at 1 o'clock,
I can't any longer believe you are my friend,
as I sincerely hoped you were, and I will just
simply go to some one at 2 o'clock who will
push it to the wall, or at least be frank end
tell me if there is anything in it.
I do hope you are my friend and on the
square. Yours, etc., Mr.s. S .
Jfir. P. Gear: Since my interview with you I
have thought over the proposition your client
proposes through you. My conclusions are
that you go ahead and cra'c-K your whip. I
fear your client will land where she least ex
pects. Yours, T. J. Bass.
Judge Campbell was then called in re
buttal, his statement being as follows:
I came here voluntarilv, because I thought
it right to no so. I first met Mrs. Stockton last
summer. She came with a letter of introduc
tion, saying that she had an important com
munication to make to me. We had dinner -t
the Grotto.
She said something about Dr. Brown, though
at the time I did not think it particularly Im
portant. Mrs. Stockton spoke of the wealthy
men in the church, naming one in particular
who had loaned her $2500. She gave if 1000
of this to an old lady, who desired to establish
a business, but did not have the iunds.
I now think that that Mrs. Davidson is th«
woman referred to. These two women, I
think, have set about to trap Dr. Brown, not
because he has money, but thinking he would
go to some of the rich members of the church
it she should get Into trouble. The public
press has done much to hurt Dr. Brown, but he
knew something of this before Mrs. Davidson's
arrest.
The pastor, his wife and Miss Overman
called to see me in regard to swearing out a
warrant. I told them to think well of the
matter, as they would be flayed by the public
press. Dr. Brown did not hesitate a moment,
however, bu» said that public decency and
morality demanded that he have Mrs. David
son arre'sted.
On cross-examination it was developed
that Lloyd Tevis was the man who paid
Mrs. Stockton $2500. Judge Campbell
was then withdrawn and Mrs. May Davis
placed on the stand. She described how
she first met Mrs. Stockton and being sur
prised at seeing the latter in Dr. Brown's
church.
She had heard of her as a bad woman,
bat thought she had experienced a change
of heart. Mrs. Stockton declared to her
on one occasion that she intended using
Dr. Brown as a stepping-stone to a higher
life. Said Mrs. Davis:
Mrs. Stockton also told me that all
the deacons and trustees of the church,
except Deacon Morse. were known to
her as Dad men. She referred to one
of them as an "old chippy-chaser," and
threatened to bring their proud heads dowu
to the ground. She expressed much
confidence in Mrs. Cooper's influence
in her favor and obtained a position
in some ecnool through her. Since
Mrs. Stockton joined the church she has never
paid cash for anything in the way of dress,
which she ordered from me, and seemed to ba
ahvavs scheming for money.
In November a girl came to my place of busi
ness and told me 'some dreadful tales about
Mrs. Stockton. Soon afterward Mrs. Stockton
came to me and showed me a list of gentlemen
friends who were in the habit of seeing her.
In this list Dr. Brown's name figured. I
asked her how she dared to hint any evil of
her pastor. She assured me she had no love
for men, save only for their money. She never
denied that she had lived by her wits, but
said she was going to reform. I consid
ered her a questionable woman. In 1892
I first knew her. At that time
I made dresses fora number of such women.
Some of the gowns I made for Mrs. Stockton
could not be worn by a good woman.
At this point in her testimony Mrs.
Davis, who is a woman quite advanced in
years, gave signs of fatigue. She had
been in attendance since 7:30 o'clock in
the evening, and it was already past mid
night.
A motion to adjourn was made, but be
fore it could be seconded Dr. Brown arose,
in great excitement, and demanded that
he be allowed to speak.
"You nave heard Mrs. Stockton's testi
mony," he thundered, "and vou know
what sort of a woman she is. I now af
firm, and will affirm later under oath, that
the day before her yisit to Mrs. Cooper,
Mrs. Stockton called on Deacon Dexter.pro
fessing her willingness to do anything to aid
me. She said she would lie, 6teal or do
anything else in order to serve me. The
woman is a born blackmailer, and the list
of her victims is a large one. I refused on
several occasions to let her have money,
and she evidently was bent upon get
ting revenged upon me. She confessed to
more than one person that she had exer
cised all her arts upon me without avail.
She also acknowledged that she had joined
the church in order to get rich
men on her string. She said everydeacon excepting Morse wa? a rot
ten man. All her statements show
the revenge and bravado which animate
her. Bhe even went so far as to boast to a
well-known official that she had pot $2500
from a rich man. But she is undeserving
of belief. A blackmailer will always be in
order to blacken the character of a man
upon whom her villainous designs have
failed."
It was already nearing 1 o'clock this
morning. Several of the brethren present
were evidently unaccustomed to hour? t>o
late and were yawning at a great rate.
Accordingly an ad inurnment was taken
until 2 o'clock next Tuesday afternoon.
BROWN AT OBERLIN.
T?ie Preacher Defended Against
Charges Relating to Col
lege Days.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Feb. 20.— An
Oberlin (Ohio) special to-day says: ''Sev
eral dispatches were received here to-dav
referring to charges made against Dr.
Charles O. Brown, the well-known San
Francisco Congregational preacher, who
at present is figuring fo prominently in a
scandalous blackmailing suit in San" Fran
cisco.
"Dr. Brown used to live in Oberlin, and
it has been alleged that while here be
tween 1?«5 and 1870, Mr. Brown waL ar
rested for performing a criminal operation
en a girl named Jennie Lawton. It is also
reported that Judge Frazier of the Circuit
Court acquitted him on a technicality.
"These charges are not true. Prominent
citizens in Oberlin all assert that Mr.
Brown was a straightforward voting man
during Ins stay in Oberiin, and that he
never was guilty of any impropriety here
A thorough search through the dockets
showed that Dr. Brown was never arrested
here on any charge. Further than this,
no one named Jennie Lawton ever lived
here, nor was any Judge named Frazier
ever on the circuit bench in this district,
•" . I Brown cam e to Oberlin about 1865
with his father, Major 0. M. Brown, now
of Cleveland. Major Brown had just come
from the army, and his son, though very
young, had been with him in the war for
several months. Charles immediately en
tered the Oberlin preparatory department,
with the intention of going through col
lege. He was known as a good fellow and
Was a diligent and hard student.
"Soon after he came here he was con
verted under the preaching of Charles G.
Jinney, then president of Oberlin College.
After his conversion he began to study
With greater vigor than ever and fully in
tended to become a minister.
"About 1868 his plans had to be changed
somewhat. He fell in love with Miss Mary
"Wheat and at the age of 1« he married
her. MUs Wheat was an attractive young
lady and the daughter of prominent Ober
lin people. She was L'l rears old at the
time of the wedding. The marriage was a
happy one, but it caused young Brown to
•rially change his plans. By the rules
of Oberlin College no student can marry
Bnd continue his college studies. Conse
quently Brown was compelled to give ud
his school work here.
"The members of the faculty were not
not ail in favor of requiring Brown to
leave, but tue rule was an iron one and
had to be obeyed.
"Ln 1869 or IsTO, therefore, Brown left
Oberiin and went t j Olivet College, Mich
where he went on and rinished his
coarse. He completed his school work
and went to preaching without even taking
a course in theology. He nas preached
tince in Minnesota, Michigan and Cali
fornia.
• He has never been in Oberlin since his
departure in Isb9, except to visit. He was
here for a day early last December. Mr.
Brown was never even suspected of any
immoralities here. He has four sons, Vir
gil, Vincent, Valentine and Vernon."
WHEN THE BOERS MOBILIZE,
Can Put in the field 24.000 White Men
aud 63,000 Kaffirs.
The military forces of the South African
Republic are composed of all the able
bodied men in the country between the
ages of 1G and GO years, and, if necessary,
all of the 63,000 native Kaffiis, whose chiefs
are under the jurisdiction of the republic.
This would bring out almost 2-1, 000 white
men; since there are 13.. r >oo abJe men of
the ages from 18 to 34, 6500 from 34 to 50,
n:.d about 4000 under IS a:id over 50.
A mobilization is ordered by the Presi
dent and executed by the "kornniandant
general." P. J. Joubert, who gives his
;he comraatulera of the seven
teen districts int<-> whirli the country is
•>d. who in turn is;i:e their orders to
the sixt y-fo:r l>!d Ci>rm;^ of the lf>o sec
anusub-Bertions. In; mod lately after
t he : lie order of mobilization
the tieM • ■ i ;ili the men at their
to the point mentioned
in the order of their cotnannder, and
leave . - -• •. ute or assistant to fol
low with tboM tl.at have not ar
rived at the point designated for the
meeting twelve hours after the first call.
Thus, it is possible for the Boers to put
into the field a strong body of armed men
i radically within less than twenty-four
hours. Ail these forces named above are
Dot trained soldiers, but similar to militia
i ry.-iMzations: the only regulars ia Trans
vaal are a small corps of artillery, under
Commander P. N. Pretorious. This corps
(.•nsists of seven qfiicers, thirteen non
tomn.issioi'ed officers and 10U privates,
and dispose of six light Krupp filed guns,
six heavy Krupp rapid-firing guns, four
light and two heavy Maxim-Nordenfeldt
puns, one rifle breech-loader and one
French mitrailleuse.
The Boers wear no uniform, but their
ordinary dress is so universally alike that
a troop of them riding in regular tiles
would be considered uniformed by one not
acquainted with the people. A "Baaitje,"
a short jacket of English cloth, trousers of
the same eoods, a gray wide-brimmed soft
feJt hat. and boots form their dress. The
gun which is furnished them by the Gov
ernment reats in the rijrli t stirrup with trie
gunstock, when riding. How quickly
mobilization can be effected in the 'lr;ms
laal may be gathered from the incident of
1890, when the Uiilanders tore down the
riag of the Transvaal Republic in Johan
nesburg. At 6 o'clock in the evening the
order of mobilization was given to three
districts, and the next morning at 4
o'clock 1800 Boers, under their field cor
nets, entered the city from three sides. —
bouth African Gazette.
ILAGGED THE TKAIN.
How an Old Railroad Man Saved the
- Lives of Many Passengers.
Martin Troy is an old railroad man and
was down at the East Bristol bridge watch
ing the men at work. When the 4:48
train from Bristol came along the bridge
was noticeably weak. The train stopped
before entirely crossing the bridge and the
] assen^ers got out and walked across. At
that time the bridge ?ank about two feet,
the weight of the train so jarring it that
till the wooden piling under it was carried
away. Troy then went down under the
bridge.
When he saw that th" spiling had been
carried away and the bridge had sunk he
hurried up the bank to flag the 4:20 train
from Hartford, which would arrive at this
1 oint about 5 r. M. It had grown quite
dark by this time and Troy bad no lan
tern. But as the train came along he
I K>k matches from his pocket and lit
them for a danger signal, and stopped the
;;st as the engine was about to go on
the bridge.
His self-possession and presence of mind
■ riGoubteiily saved the passenger train
he lives of those on board. When
the gang of workmen came along they
-induce Troy to go to work with
them on the bridge, but he refused to do
i mingthat the bridge was likely to
>-'<■ at any time.
Troy was on the east end of the bridge
vatcliing the work as it was proceeding in
tpite of his warning. He felt the first
tremble of the bridge and shouted: "Boys,
look out, she's going!" But his warning
came too late. Before they could leave
the bridge the collapse came— Hartford
Courant.
TRADES UNIONS UNITING
The Building Council Arrayed
Against the Sweatshop
System.
ALL AGAINST CHILD LABOR.
Lathers Will Demand an Increase of
Wages on March i— Painters
Rejoicing.
The new Building Trades Council held a
long session last evening and- the matter of
child labor was discussed. The subject
was introduced by H. M. Saunders of the
carpenters, who saia that his attention
had been called by several people to the
fact that certain manufacturers of men's
clothing on Market street were employing
very young children, who should be at
school. The wages paid to these younc
sters are extremely small, nnd the little
operatives are kept busy such hours as
would tax the system of full-grown people.
He added:
Now, this is all wrong. It is an injury to the
little ones and an injustice to adults who are
in need ol work. Every child laborer keeps
one grown man or woman out of employment,
thus depriving Hie latter of the means of mak
ing a living for their families. More than that,
the women who are employed in these places
to which I refer are not treated properly. For
example: to-day I was told that every woman
who goes there to work lias to serve one month
for a dollar, alter which she works for wages
that are next to starvation rates.
These places arc "sweatshops" in every sense
of the term and should be abolished. We have
a child-labor law in this State, but it is so full
of loopholes that it is of no valne.
This afternoon a man told one of another
place where children are employed. He i-aid
that in a certain furniture factory in the Mis
sion very young boys are employed, many of
them han'dline machinery. These boys have
taken the places of men who were thrown out
of work. 1 have not investigated this case, but
probably will. It is time to call a halt on this
Hue of business, and the labor unions should
place themselves on record in this matter.
Delegate Rose favored a suggestion that ■
nad been made that the matter be referred I
to the unions of tne council, with a view j
of having them unite in a demand that
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald make an
investigation into the child-labor and
"sweatshop" systems. The purpose of I
this is to cause a popular uprising against
those who violate the State law and the |
laws of nature by working the little ones, i
This will result in a withdrawal of public
patronage from these persons.
Vice-President Mclvor said that much !
could be effected by bringing the matter
before the convention of labor unions at
its next meeting, and this will be done.
The committee on by-laws and constitu- i
tion presented the result of its labors — j
the draft of the by-laws and constitution
of the new federation. It is composed of j
the best portions of the laws that govern .
similar bodies in the United States. !
Copies will be sent to the several unions of \
the federation.
The Lathers' Union perfected its pernia- |
nent organization last evening. It is now |
comprised of the bosses as well as the i
journeymen. The list of officers of the
new union was completed last night as '
follows: President, P. Kerrigan; vice-pres
ident, T. de Villers; secretary, M. B. Bus
pell; F. Moulton, sergeant-at-arms, E. B.
Tripp; executive committee — Messrs. Riv- ■
ers, de Villers, Nichols, Zeigler, Potter, ;
Dowhng, Moulton, Starr, Patee and Donni- [
gan.
The Lathers' Union will send three dele- ;
gates to the- Building Trades' Council at |
the next meeting. The first movement in
the way of advancing the interests of the j
lathers was started at last night's meeting, <
namely, the advance in their wages. Sec
retsry Russell was instructed to notify the
boss plasterers that on and after March 1 '<
the lathers will demand $2 a thousand lor j
lathing. Now they get from 50 cents up. j
Also, that on all iron and wire lathing the
price shall be 6 cents a yard. In iaKing J
this action the new union knows that it j
will be supporteil by all of the building |
trades unions. The condition of trade i
cuts no ligure in the matter, because there ;
has been no improvement in this line of
work, and there is no indication of im
mediate improvement for some time to
come.
There is every prospect that the differ
ences between the Painters' and Decora
tors' Union and the boss painters will be
settled to the satisfaction of both. A com
mittee from the former met a committee
from the Master Painters of California and
held a long consultation. The journey
men demanded a betterment of their con
dition, $3 a day for painters and $4 for dec
orators, eight hours to constitute a day's
labor, a recognition of the Building Trades
Council's working-card system and the use
of better material on all jobs.
The repre sentatives of the boss painters
said tli at they would be only too well
pleased to agree to these conditions, pro
vided the journeymen would throw tbeir
individual and organized support to compel
all the bosses to fall into line. It was stated
that a number of the bosses were using
untair means in business matters, such as
employing unskilled workmen and inferior
materials. The union men promised to
help crush out such practices and all
agreed to insist upon a complete organi
zation of all the "master painters into an
as e oci-ition. If this can be accomplished
both parties can adjust their differences
much easier and each will know what to
expect of the other. The conference was
very satisfactory to all present.
ECONOMY NOT INTENDED.
The Gas Company Claims That
the Lamps Are Kept
Burning.
It Appears That the Original Contract
With the Supervisors Was
Amended.
The San Francisco Gas Company dis
claims any intention of economizing by
having the lamps extinguished before the i
hour set forth in the contract with the j
City.
In the absence of J. B. Crockett, the
president of the gaslight company, a gen- |
tleman holdine a subordinate position in |
the service of that corporation stated to a ;
Call representative that the original con- j
tract with the City for the lighting of the i
street lamps had been changed at the |
company's solicitation to meet the very :
complaint mentioned in The Call of Tues- ■
day.
The original contract was as published.
This had been changed by a subsequent
resolution of the Supervisors making it
obligatory on the j,as company to have the
last lamp on the lamplitrluer's beat light
ed one hour after sunset instead of one
half hour, and to have the last lamp ex
tinguished one-half hour before sunrise
instead of one hour, as originally intended.
"This," said the gentleman, "was done
on purpose to accommodate the men who
have made the complaint, as also bakers,
milkmen ana others whose business takes
them out in the early hours of the morn
ing. And, if it has not been complied
with it is not the fault of the company. I
cannot believe that the lamp-lighters are
so very anxious to get out of bed an hour
earlier in the morning to extinguish the
lamps on their routes when it is no benefit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
to them individually and when the com
pany does not require it of them.
"As soon as I had read the article in The
Call,' he continued, "1 called the super
intendent of the lamplights, J. H. Ham
mond, to the office and subjected him to a
close examination on the subject and he
assured me that the lii;hts'had not been
extinguished before the time specified in
the contract. But as each man hod
seventy lamps to attend to on his beat it
may be, ana of course is of necessity, that
some lamps are extinguished before the
hour. This may have been the case on the
street over which some of the business
men had to travel who complained.
However, the superintendent will see to it
that the contract with the City shall be
fulfilled to the letter. There "is nothing
small or mean about the gas company
when it. conies to the burning of a street
lamp for a few minutes longer or shorter
than the time called for.
'"The City has treated the company
fairly and the company is desirous of
treating the taxpayers as justly. In the
mean time I will Bay that The Call was
very fair in its presentation of the griev
ance as represented to it by those who
made the complaint."
A MIGHT FOR THE LADIES
Success of the Festivities at
the San Francisco Press
Club.
Mme. Thea Dorre, Homer Henley, W. T.
Carleton and Others Contribute
to the Enjoyment.
Music, light and laughter, eong, jest and
feasting, were the features that combined
to make ladies"night at the San Francisco
Press Club last evening an unqualified
success.
The platform was adorned with flowers
and palms, and festoons of gay ribbons
and bright costumes of the laaies added to
the splendor of the scene.
While the press was well represented
the other professions also contributed a
goodly quota to the ladies and gentlemen
who thronged the Press Club rooms.
C. M. Cole, president of the club, made a
brief but happy address of welcome, after
which he announced the openinz number,
a selection by the Press Club quartet,
which was received with hearty applause.
Julius Kahn read Judce Hunt's paper
on "Officials ;" Mrs. Maud Chappelle
Henley followed with a contralto solo;
Sigmund Beel gave a violin solo,
in which he was accompanied by
Mrs. Carmichael Carr; Frank Coffin
sang "Dream On"; Miss Newlands
rendered a soprano solo; Homer Henley
sang a convivial solo, that inspired his au
dience to give a rousing encore; Harry
Melville and Judge Hebbard spoke, re
spectively, upon '-Club Life" and "The
Ladies"; Carroll Johnson gave a solo;
Keina Atkinson and W. T. Carleton, stars
of the Carleton Opera Company, contrib
uted their talent; Mrue. Tnea I)orre also
charmed her listeners, and Mrs. Morrissy
closed the musical programme.
James Swinnerton occasioned mirth by
his drawings, and the phenomenal clay
thrower from the Orpheum introduced a
novc-Ity in the practice of his accomplish
ment.
Besides the journalists present were
seen Judge and Mrs. Sanderson and the
Misses Sanderson, Mr. and Mrs. Homer
Henley, Miss Lindley, Miss Love, Mrs.
Blake, Mrs. Carmichael Carr, Sigmund
Bee], Mr. and Mrs. X. J. Brittain,
George W. Pinpev, Kimball Brig s, Mrs.
Lister, Judge Hebbard, Judge C. W. Slack,
James McNair, Sam Tucker, Fletcher Til
ton, Mns. Alice Kingsbury Cooley, Charles
Htillvrell. Assistant District Attorney
Black, James Hamilton Howe, Howard
Trumbo, Dr. and Mrs. Hanson, Judge
Joachimson, Nathan Landsberger, Otto
Dobbertin, George W. Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry James, Miss Leda Richards,
Miss Binckley, Mrs. Tuey, Mrs. Bird aud
Miss Bird.
LA.WYEES WHO TLEE FROM PATE.
Efforts of the Special Sessions Bar to
Avoid Cases With No Money in Them.
One of the amusing episodes to be seen
in the courts of law is the race against
time and fate run every day by the law
yers who practice in the Court of Special
Sessions. Since the Justices began en
orcing the rule that any lawyer in the
courtroom may be pressed into the serv
ice of an undefended prisoner, upon the
declaration of the latter that he has no
means to pay for counsel, the legal lights
have been somewhat overworked. It is
necessary for them to be there if they have
any cases on the calendar, lest their cases
should be called and they be found miss
ing, and, as long as they remain, they are
iikelv at any moment to be called to the
unremunerative defense of some Italian
ragpicker charged with violation of the
corporation ordinances, or a bedraggled
woman up for larceny from the person, or
any other of the many prisoners charued
with petty crimes.
To escape as much of this work as pos
sible is the object of the lawyer's exist
ence. No sooner does a lawyer finish the
last of his regular cases for the day than
he seizes his hat and coat and makes for
the door. Regard for the dicnity of the
court deters him from too hurried a pace,
while, on the other hand, eagerness to get
on the further side of the big door, where
safety lies, impels him to make what
haste he may. The result i3 a sneaking,
wistful sort of progress that wakes a chord
of sympathy in the breast of every man j
who has ever tried to "hook out" of the
school house while the teacher was busy at
the blackboard. First the lawyer catches
up his hat and coat and with noiseless
steps glides through the first gate as if he
expected it to shut him in. Outside of
that he increases his speed materially.
Commonly he can't resist the temptation
when half way to the door to look around
and see if the presiding Justice's eyes are
on him. If they are he straightens up,
assuming a dignified and stately walk; if
not he speeds forward and is at the very
door when —
"Mr. Blank! One moment, if you
plea-e."
The unfortunate fugitive gives one in
voluntary convulsive movement like a man
struck with a bullet.
"Yes, your Honor," he says meekly,
turning around.
"You will kindly defend the prisoner at
bar, who is without counsel."
And the lawyer does it with what grace
he can command. To one of the young
sters among the legal representatives be
longs the honor of having escaped a call.
An old hand had just concluded a case
and was doing his prettiest to reach the
door, with the young lawyer a yard or two
behind making for the same eoal. Just as
the older man disappeared Justice Jerome
called his name, but, of course, got no an
swer. The other had his hand on the door
knob, when the Justice called to him, in
tending that he should take the case.
"Mr. Jones, will you — " he began.
"Yes, your Honor, 1 will," interrupted
young Jones. "I'll call him back; he's
just outside," and before the court could
interfere he darted out the door.
"Joe, the Judge wants you there in
court," he said, catching up to his fello.w
lawyer, who, with a wry face, retraced his
steps.
"Did vou send for me, your Honor?" he
asked Justice Jerome, and court, lawyers
and spectators caught on to the joke, and
there was a great laugh.
"I did not, Mr. Smith," said the Just ; ce,
"but now that you're here, will you kindly
act as substitute in this case for jour de
parted colleacue, Mr. Jones?"'
Young Jones kept out of Special Sessions
for the remainder of the week. — New York
Sun.
As administrator of Rhodesia, Dr.
Jameson ruled as satrap a territory not in
ferior in area to the German empire.
THRASHED A CONDUCTOR
Exciting Encounter in a Hayes-
Street Cable-Car Yester
day Afternoon.
COULD NOT GET HIS CHANGE.
A Passenger's Savage Revenge for
the Seeming Neglect of an
Employe.
Passengers going to the ferries on car 104
of the Hayes-street line early yesterday
afternoon saw a fistfight that would have
done justice to a pair of professional
pugilists, between Conductor H. Peter
son and a young man. The conductor
now nurses a badly contused eye and a
fond hope that he will some day cross the
trail of his assailant.
The latter got on the car somewhere
above Kearny street and tendered a $10
gold piece in payment of his fare. Not
having sufficient change to "break" the
piece the conductor told the man that he
would give him the change later. He put
the coin in his pocket. "When near Front
street the passenger shouted at the con
ductor that he wanted his change, as he
was going to alight at the street men
tioned.
"Can't give it to you now; you will have
to wait until we get to the ferry," answered
Peterson.
"But I haven't time to go to the ferry,"
said the passenger; "give me my money
and let me off."
The conductor still refused to produce
coin or change, and the young man made
a grab at the bell cord and gave the signal
to stop. Peterson tried to start the car
again, but a second signal to stop was
given. Then the two men clinched and
proceeded to pummel each other in savage
earnest.
Women in the car began to scream and
excitement was at, its height, when the
gripman, hearing the noise of the en
counter, came back and separated the
combatants, who were both bruised, dis
ordered as to dress and anxious to con
tinue the fight.
After learning the cause of the squabble,
the gripman decided that the conductor
was in the wrong and should have made
some effort to procure the change from
other passengers. He instituted a canvass
himself ana soon had the necessary silver
to make the change.
This he handed to the conductor and
went forward to continue his trip to the
ferry.
The young man who had caused the
disturbance went to the rear platform to
receive his change and held out his left
hand for it. Peterson's hands were trem
bling from his exertions and the excite
ment of the fight and he was some time
in counting out the correct amount.
As the last coin dropped into the young
man's band the passenger closed his
fingers over it, and, drawing back his
right list, gave Peterson, who was stand
ins partially in the door, a terrific blow
between the eyes, sending him reeling
through the car until he stumbled, over
the foot of a passenger and fell to the floor.
With an oath his assailant dashed off
the car and ran down the street at break
neck speed. Before Peterson could re
cover himself sufficiently and follow his
assailant the latter had disappeared in a
side street, and, no policeman being in
sight, he escaped.
Peterson says he knows the face of the
man ana that if he ever meets him some
one else will carry a black eye for a few
days.
THE PUG CAUSED TROUBLE
Why John Doe Waller Was
Sued for Damages in the
Justices' Court.
A Man Who Asked a Reward for the
Return of a Doa; Says He Was
Thrashed.
A dog— a little, helpless, baby png dog,
even of the gentler sex — has caused two
strong men to come to strife, procured for
one a drubbing and the other a lawsuit.
More — it has caused the character of the
great and powerful Olympic Club to be
called into question, caused it to be pub
lished in the records of the Justice courts
as a place where men of brawn — pugilists,
to be plain— are brought to the front as
they were in the arenas of anc.ent Greece
and Rome.
The story is told in a suit filed in the
Justice courts yesterday by Attorney J.
Hail Lewis on behalf of John Richards,
who demands $299 damages from John
Doe Waller for a beating which he alleges
he received at tne hands of the defendadt
on the 7th inst.
On the day previous, according to the
complaint, he was driving along Grant
avenue, when he saw a small pug doc
standing in the middle of the street in
great danger of being run over by passing
teams.
Tho forlorn, lonesome looK in the little
doii's eyes appealed to his compassionate
nature, and to save her life he lifted her
into his wagon and took her to his home,
where she was given all the comforts that
the care and attention of his family could
desire. On the day of which the com
plainant speaks his eyes were gladdened
by seeing the following advertisement In a
morning paDer :
Lost— Small female pug dog. Return to 33
Grant avenue. Reward.
The plaintiff says that he sent an em
ploye to return the dog and receive the
reward mentioned.
The first pa^t of his instructions were
carried out, the second was not, lor his
man came back saying that John Doe
Waller — who is one of the members of the
Waller Bros, drug lirm— had refused to
pay the reward and had driven him
from the store with threats and violent
language.
Then the plaintiff went himself to see
the owner of the dog and ascertain whv
the reward ($2 50) was not forthcoming
after and for the care arjd attention he
had lavished on the dog. He alleges that
he was received not only with threats and
violent language, but with blows that
contused, bruised, lacerated and humili
ated him, that he was driven into the
streets with force and kicks and that he
did not get the reward.
Waller's prowess in the art of fisticuffs
was explained bv the following paragraph
relating to tne Olympic Club:
That defendant is a man of very strong and
powerful physique and much skilled in the art
of pugilism and fisticuffs and as plaintiff" is in
formed and believes is a memberof the Olympic
Club of the City and County of San Francisco,
which said club is an organization Ktving
special opportunities and offering special in
ducements for strong and athletic men to join
satd club and perfect themselves in the art of
pugilism.
Plaintiff alleges that he was compelled
to buy $49 worth of salves and lotions to
heal his hurts and that his feelings were
damaged to the extent of $250, bringing
the total demand up to the limit over
which the Justice courts have jurisdiction.
POLICE IN THE DARK.
There Is So Clew Yet to the Daring
Criminals Who Startled the
City.
All the efforts of the police to find the
perpetrators of the three crimes that have
startled the community within the past
twelve days have been futile. The mur
derer of Mamie McDermott on Morton
street, the two companions of the burglar
who was killed in the Franklin residence
and the three men who robbed the Market
street bank have succeeded in leaving no
clew that would lead to their identity.
The body of the dead burgiar was buried
in the potter's field by the City under
taker yesterday. While Coroner Hawkins
was disposed to hold the remains as long
as possible, to aid the efforts of the police
in identifying the deceased, decomposi
tion had advanced to a stage that rendered
interment a necessity.
Captain Lees is waiting till Miller, the
butler, is ia a position to be interviewed,
as he wants to interrogate him about the
one or two discrepancies that appeared in
the statement he made last Friday.
Captain Lees said Jast night that he had
nothing new to impart in regard to the
bank robbery. It is the general belief now
that the robbers left the City at the first
opportunity after the robbery. The sug
gestion of one when Cashier Hopkins arid
Accountant Hayhurst were forced into
the vault to kill them has led to the con
clusion that they were not novices at the
business of robbery.
It was learned, however, that the police
have discovered a man who saw the 'three
robbers leaving the bank. He is H. L.
Anderson, an inventor and street-broker,
who went to the Market-street bank: to
transact some business. He was just en
tering the bans when three men who were
walking rapidly came out of the bank and
passed him. He noticed one of them held
something under his coat which bulged
out. Anderson told his son, who is an at
torney, what he had seen, and the son ad
vised him to call upon Captain Lees and
give a description of the three men. He did
so last nisrht, but as he only had a fleeting
glance at them it was imperfect.
MONARCH OF WILD MEN
Rounsevelle Wildman Talks
About a Veritable Bor
nean King.
How Rajah Brooke, an Englishman,
Subdued and Ruled Head-
Hunters and Pirates.
The third lectnre of the present popular
course given under the auspices of the
Geographical Society of California was
delivered Tuesday evening in Golden Gate
Hall, to a large audience, by Rounsevelle
Wildman, late United States Consul at
Singapore. The subject was, "Borneo and
Rajah Brooke."
Brooke was an Englishman who wan
dered away to the northern shores of
Borneo, and there became an absolute
monarch. The tasks which he accom
plished were those at which England and
Holland hesitated. Brooke had to fight
against pirates and the head-hunters of
the island, and also to overcome the Sul
tan, ■who had settled almost in the same
territory. And Brooke, by his indomitable
energy, his great executive ability, strat
egic power and determination became
the victor. The head-hunters of North
ern Borneo were a pretty bad lot,
for, as the lecturer explained with a grim
vividness, none of the women would
marry a man unless he had at least one
human head to decorate their happy domi
cile. The pirates were equally as unde
sirable neighbors; they were intrepid'to a
last degree, sanguinary enough to be char
acters for dime novels and relentless foes
who resented any encroachment upon
their domain.
With this unpromising material Brooke
organized a kingdom that paid taxes, sus
tained an army and navy— such as they
were— and maintained and respected its
new Government. Slavery in every form
was overcome and in nine years the pirates
to a man were under subjection. Brooke
was the Washington of thoss unknown
nations. He died in 18G8, crowned with
glories from the Queen of England and
various scientific societies and colleges.
Mr. Wildman asked the Rajah's son one
day how all this had been accomplished;
the natives made tractable and peaceful
people — a new race almost— while America
after more than 100 years had only made
paupers of the remnants of the red men.
The answer was that Rajah Brooke had
always lived up to his word strictly with
those people and they eventually came to
know and admire him ; and the" rest was
easy.
Brooke like his native country, how
ever, enlarged his territory much "as Eng
land is spreading out at present in Ven
ezuela, and the old Sultan of the neigh
bunne kingdom is a pauper in a wjetched
bungalow. He used to complain that
Brooke took 1500 miles of his territory.
The lecturer was illustrated with nume^
ous photographs of Singapore and Borneo
and the straits settlements, and with each
picture the speaker had something instruc
tive and entertaining to say. When the
photograph of the magnificent palace of
the English Governor of Singapore was
shown Mr. Wildman said the palace was
three times as large as the White House in
Washington, quite as elegantly furnished
and decorated inside, and that the Gover
nor had an income almost as large aa the
President.
A SERVICE OF WOEOESTEK.
A Fine Porcelain That Was Ordered by
George IV.
Toward the end of the century the first
sign of the royal favor was vouchsafed to
Worcester. George 111 visited the factories,
and under the impetus given by his pa
tronage the wares of the city advanced so
much in popularity that in the early part
of this century, it is said, there were few
noble families which had not in their china
closets an elaborate service of Worcester,
bearing the family arms and motto in ap
propriate emblazonment. In 1811 George
IV, being then Prince Regent, several
splendid services of Worcester porcelain
were ordered to equip his iable for the
new social duties entailed bv hi3 regency,
and one of these alone cost £4000. In the
museums «t the Worcester works there
are specimens of mhny beautiful services,
designed in accordance with the contem
porary ideas of pomp and stateliness.
The porcelain artists in those flays must
have been well versed in heraldry, for
their chief duties seem to have been the
reproduction of crests and coats-of-arms.
some of the services have interesting
storiet. There is one of deep royal blue,
beautifully decorated, and bearing in the
center an emblematical figure of Hope.
The story ran that it was ordered by Nel
son for presentation to the Duke of Cum
berland, and that the figure of Hope was
really a portrait of Lady Hamilton. This,
however, was an error. The service was
ordered by the Duke himself in the ordi
nary way, and though Lord Nelson did
order a service of Worcester porcelain, he
died before it could be completed, and it
was afterwards dispersed. — Chambers'
Journal.
M. Casimir-Perier recently sold the his
toric park and chateau of Lesdiguieres, at
Vizelle, for 600,000 francs. It was bought
by two Lyons merchants, who intend to
turn the chateau into a brewery.
BODY SNATCHERS AT WORK
The Grave of a Lady Desecrated
in Calvary Cemetery
Last Night.
After Digging Down as Far as the
Coffin They Were Evidently Dis
turbed at Their Work.
A grave in Calvary Cemetery was dese
crated last night by body-snatchers and
the police are keeping a watch on the
place in the hope that they will return
again to finish their ghoulish work.
About 200 feet from tt.a west entrance in
Masonic avenue is the grave of a lady who
lived on Page street. Her name could not
be ascertained last night.
Between 10 and 11 o'clock the superin
tendent of the cemetery was amazed to
discover that the grave had been opened.
All the earth had been removed, leaving
the conin exposed.
Two shovels were lying beside the open
grave, and the superintendent arrived at
the conclusion that the men had been dis
turbed in their work and had fled, leaving
their shovels behind tnem.
The superintendent notified Sergeant
Tobin, and he placed two men in hiding
near the grave, in the belief that the men
had gone to bring a vehicle, with the ob
ject of carrying away the coffin with the
body.
At 12 o'clock the two policemen were re
lieved by two others, with instructions to
keep a close watch on the open grave and
arrest any person who went near it.
Wayward Annie lirady.
Annie Brady, a pretty girl 1G years of nee,
was sent to the Magdalen Asylum yesterday.
I She is the daughter of an ex-policeman, and
j left her home at 1310Kearny street last Christ
inas. She was found iri a lodging-house of
doubtful character, by the police, and was
allowed to return to her home on promising to
lead a proper life. It was not long before she
left home again, and yesterday she war, found
by Officers MeMurray and Holbrook, of the
Society for th<> Suppression of Vice.in a lodging
| house on Eleventh fctreet.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" will bring to your cheek the pink of
health, the roses of life.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
| ** takes away the surplus bile and leaves
I the'liver in perfect order. It is a true liver
regulator.
TOYS VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" acts on the bowels gently. There are
no griping pains, no nauseating feelings.
Women who wish to be regular should use ;
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a bowel i
regulator.
ft ATARRH FOLLOWS IN THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. "When you suffer
from Catarrh put your system in good
condition, and this you cau do with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" can be used by old or younc. Take it
moderately. Remember that moderation
in everything tends to longevity.
«50C TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
J^^^^^^^^^^^sQ\ We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
iff Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
1 fE/7f*B&iSg&~*cxs^s > B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Anv
M JL\ I «IK&S^sS?^i^. c ~ 10 rrize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c
5 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
§50C TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
B — lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Anv
C— 1 0 Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c
D-5 Superbdouble Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 SetS
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc wo _
t \(O3^WWAA JPWllllV - 10 Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c F ?%-
>^f fIJPtWW vV V! -'UJ K-10 Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, 9 I V*P
X'-* 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
in/miHV 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
' • n ¥Eii gea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c
,^llijfcg|^ l2Vio!6t Plants, 50c. 3^jf^ i s i^ r^ ll s*7" il^. i 52ipp
" Setirl ff»r fllir Illustrated Catalogue. It contains*
WlsM^ite? , JCUU , IUI UUI complete list of our Flower, Vegcta.
*@^W£i 'ti i ffl&§isgss l>le - Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
J g|^gpßgy Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
■' : . t l —^.- ,-■' Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
tableSeeds. QOX SEED AND PLANT CO., San FrancJ9co
- 411, 413 Sensome Street
K%2/^-<^y »— * _1 ■•■• ■•«■•** Wbf 116-V B WlltWVitalizer,thepre3crip.
<Ts; 'r : \a'>* tionofn famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
tJ^-ci-JSBar • "••JISUWwM II«»W I UlltUViwliz.T.thepre.'MTip.
W <*i PT Wm *0%. & tion of n famous French physician, win quickly cure you of all net-
H \y* XtA /\> }\ 1 ? ous or , dl f f l f es ef he r, , ratlve or^atu, such as Lost Manhood,
H T iS^ffl/ V* ftJ&M Insomnia, Pains In the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
H VJ#^l» V **®7 Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele and
B NT ) ■■-... V V .'■- constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
OH :•■•->-' >»»-•' ness 01 discharge, which if not clier.cefl leads to Spermatorrhoea and
Kg BEFORE AND AFTER ai the horrors of Irapotency. i'VPinENie cleanses the liver, Ui«
fUPIDEXE k 'an»ysand the urinary of ■ UU .f 2nparlties
iTPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak orgacs.
■- '■_._: The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is bt-<-.iuse ninety per cent are troubled with
" rro»t»tltl». C PIDEN Els theonly known remedy to cure without an opferation. 8000 t^stlmonl.
als. A writt.-n gunrantpe given and money returned if six boses does not effect a permanent cur*
fl.ooabox,Bixfor9s.oo,bymall. Bend for frke circular and testimonials. ■ .
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
EKOOKS' IMIAKMACY, 119 Powell street
AUCTION SALES.
I At Auction
TUESDAY- i
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 25, 1896
At 13 o'clock Noox,
| At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palacs HoteL
Investment
Properties!
■ -
A GRAND PIECE OF
SUTTER-ST. PROPERTY,
Known as the
South Side of Sntter St., 41:2>.£ East of
Jones St., Lot 65x137:6 Feet.
RENTAL $SOO PER MONTH.
This new and elegantly constructed 5-story
modern hotel building,
"THE ALEXANDRIA,"
I Contains everything known to architects for
the convenience of patrons of a first-class
family hotel; it Is subdivided into 120 sunny,
cheerful and pleasant rooms, comprising gratis
: halls, elegant receptioo-rooar*, parlors, bliilard-
roon:s. family rooms, in soil or single; {inoeleva-
tor; In the bas?ment is a «*omplpte outrlt for the
elevator: laundry appliances, and everything that
the demands require tor a siri-Uy first-class house,
or if desired the building if well arranged and can
; be renten for orlices. Doctors, dentists, artists and
| all professional people are making Sutter sr. the
crest headquarter*, lesort and thoroughfare for
every profession useful to the human family. For
; a professional not io be located on Sutter st. Is to
be oui of the swim.
fcxamine. this property for an Investment; a rare
opportunity for taii;.» piece of Sutter-st. property;
a chance once in a lifetime.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE
And Lot 137:6x137:6 feet, on north Una
of Broadway, 1.'57:6 feet ea«t ot Fill-
more street — the rery apex of t'ncilio
Heights. .-■■■!''k- ; "
This elegant mansion Is one of the choicest
homes In this city; contains 18 rooms, comprising
Beautiful I'ariors. Eeceptlon-rooms, Library, Bil-
liard lioom. Elegant l?ining-room and several
Bedrooms, Grand Hall, frescoes and elaborate or-
namentations throughout the residence; eleeant
grounds, with stable for several horses, and the
grand and imposing view of san Francisco bay,
the islands, the Mnrln. Sonoma, Napa and Contra
Costa Hills, and a constantly moving marine pan-
orama-view unequaled in the world.
The.Man-ioii and stable und the entire lot, 137:6
x137:6 feet, will bi ortered as an entirety or
THE BEST 50-VARA
For residence in the clt}-: north line of Broadway,
between Webster and Fillmore streets,
In lour (4) Large Subdivisions— 34:4' x
137:6 Feet,
Reserving the Improvements. A more perfect and
sightly location for a home cannot be found In the
city.- The homes of our best citizens surround this
mansion and grounds. Broadway is bituminlzed
and in splendid condition. Car 'accommodations
to every portion of city.
Improved NW. Corner FiUmore and
Jackson Streets.
Improvements consist of
8 FRENCH FLATS,
Of 7 and 6 rooms and bath and a bav-window
residence of 9 rooms and bath. This Is one of the
choicest locations on Pacific Heights. The prop-
erty is. in quick demand for renting at all times:
surrounded by streetcars, accessible to any por-
tion or thacit.v. Examine thi3 for an investment.
Full rents ?235; lot 98:4Va*100 ieet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS 50-VARA LOT,
Fouth line of Valleio street.l 37:6 feet east of
Fillmore. This is a grand location for a handsome
palatial residence. Klegant and choice neighbor-
hood. The grand view associated with the Paoirlc
.Heights is enjoyed by this property. Lot 137:tix
137 feet. Car accommodations everywhere.
Mission Residence Lots.
East line Fair Oaks, north of 25th st.— Two ele-
gant and sightly residence lots; choice homesltes:
25x100 and 25x11!5.
Ridley, nr. Market and Guerrero St«-
South line (No. 437) of Ridley St., 140 feet east
of Guerrero: houie of two tenements; rent 923;
Caatro and Valencia cables: lot 25x100 feet.
Mission— Grand. Corner Lot.
N£. corner Cuerrero and 27th sts.; elegant cor-
ner; all ready for building; choice location: ex-
amine this for a home lot: 27x80 feet; also adjoin-
ing on '27th st., with large warehouse almost full
size of lot; lot 20x77 feet; S. F. and 8. M. cars.
Bernal Heights Lots.
In Gift Map 3S*o. Ten lots, bounded by Pow-
hattan. Hank and Butler or Folsom streets; fine
view; must be sold; lots 25x70 feet.
For catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, £LDRII)G£ 4fc CO.,
Auctioneers. -
Salesroom, 638 Market Street. ._„>■;
DLWOMWOO
Chines© I>rug:« /Sr^^sjJEam
and Tea and Herb gsg
Sanitarium, fs7 xB
776 CLAY STKKET, *jt -^^ 3S
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, j»1 sS V?
Ban Francisco. K^# **»£*■ /d
I, the undersigned, have W 1 J iff
been cured from kidn:-y \<J3»aJ& o£'
trouble, from which I|r taKJgy V *■/ 3
suffered for over 10 years, F \B^\ ■ J <k'
by Dr. Wong Woo. gfc. \*dtß dn
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 BBfJBB EpSifffiKAA
A. m.; 1 to 3, 7 to? p.m. *SmwnSS'g^t^if£SiSSm
TMRMin *• MxatlTe refreablag fM
1 II lKra II M *uit lozenjf.
I fliiinil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
_ hemorrhoids, bile,
|j f] I C »fl IOS9 of appetite, pestric •■«
Ifa I 9B_ IB intestinal troubles and
■ ■■■•■•■■■ headache aristae
from them.
ARII | All li. GRILLON,
Ivnll I lill 33 Rue des Archive. ParU
OnikLiUll Bold by all Drujfistt.
910
B. F. HUDELSON
TO FATHER YORKE.
The A. P. A. State Presi
dent Writes Another
Letter.
TELLS HIS CONCLUSIONS
He Claims That the Rev. Peter
C. Yorke's Purposes Are i
Political. |
REPLY OF THE CHANCELLOR.
Quotes the A. P. A. Organ to Show
That the Society Is Fighting
Catholics.
The following communication has been
received from B. F. Hudelson, State presi
dent of the American Protective Associa
tion:
To the Editor of The CctV.— Df.au sir : In my re
cent letters 1 nave analyzed the letters pub
lished by Father Yorke on the 13th inst. and
proved conclusively that he, while professing
to answer all my (]tiesiio!iF, has dodged the is
htses upon no less thau twelve principles and I
logically proved three propositions:
First— The objects of the American Protective
Association are good, whether viewed from the
standpoint of Its friends or from that of its ene
mies.
Second— That inasmuch as the objections ot the
Bev. Peter C. Yorke to the A. P. A. refer not to the
objects of the order, but have to do wholly with Its
jilatiorm and political principles, therefo.e Father
Yorke's hostility to she A. J\ a. is based upon po
l.tlcal differences and is not caused by religious
considerations.
Third — That lnasmucji as Father Yorke has re
fn«ed to detine his posit upon twelve full princi
ples of the A. P. A. his object in the present con
troversy is to gain some petty personal advantage
rather than to enlighten the people upon the truths
Involved.
In return what have we from Father Yorke?
Pees he come out fiat-footed for or against the
principles concerning winch he has evaded
committing himself V Does he even attempt
to disprove either the logical correctness of
my three propositions or the absolute truth of
the statements therein contained? Does he
meet any issue at all squarely and honestly?
No. He attempts to discuss individuals rather
than principles and hopes apparently to lead
me oft on some side issue ami thus befog the
public mind.
Now, Mr. Editor, inasmuch as the three
propositions which I have set forth above re
main undisputed we may consider them as ad
mittedly true, and 1 shall treat them accord
ingly.
First— The objects of the American Protective
Association are good, whether viewed from the
•Int of its friends or from that oi Its en-
From this it follows: If the objects ol the A.
P. A. are good when viewed from whichever
Mandpnint they are good absolutely. But the
A. P. A. lias enemies. These enemies have
i. Therefore if theobjectsof the A. P. A.
are good those of its enemies are nou-good or
evil. Feur C. Yorke is an enemy of the A. P.
A., therefore Peter C. Yorke's objects are evil.
Second— That inasmuch as the objections of the
R>-v. lvterl'. Yorke to the A. P. A. refer not to
the objects of the order, but have to do wholly
with its platform and political principles, therefore
Father "i orke's hostility to the A. P. A. is based
upon i olitical differences and is not caused by re
ligious considerations.
From this it follows: If Father Yorke's hos
tility to the A. P. A. is based upon tjolitieal
differences hi> activity in expressing that hos
tillty is political activity. lint political activ
ity is tn<- distinctive quality of politicians.
Therefore Father Yorke is a politician:
Third— That inasmuch as Father Yorke has re
fused to deline his position upon twelve full prin
of the A. J'. A., his ob.iect in the preseut con
troversy is to gain some petty personal advantage
ratbef than to enlighten the people upon the
truths invoh
From this ic follows: If Father Yorke does
not desire to enlighten the people upon the
truths involved, there is some reason why he
does not desire their enlightenment. But, in
tiie tirst proposition, we proved that his ob
jects are evil. Tnerefortr, the reason he does
not desire the enlightenment of the people is
an evil reason. Hut, in the irecond proposition,
we proved that Father Yorke is a politician.
Theretore, his reason for not desiring the en
lightenment of the people is a political reason,
and consequently the reason which he has for
the course he has taken and is taking in this
controversy is an evii, political reason. For
which cause tnosewho desire good, pure, clean
government should support the A. P. A., which
Father Yorke opposes. Very respectfully,
B. F. HrriKLsb.v,
President of the A. P. A. of California.
Po»tscriptum A— The application of our little
•tory about the lawyer wno told his son, "When
you have no case abuse the other side and talk
all around the question," must be very appa
rent to your readers. Father Yorke is like the
Irishman's flea— you put your finger on him
and he isn't there— but I have hopes of foicing
iiim at last to define his position on those
dodged issues, so, at the risk of rendering my
ietters monotonous, I prod him again, with
these questions:
ON" THK A. P. A. PLATFORM.
Question 8— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to loyalty to
true Americanism, which knows neither birth
place, race, creed nor party, as a first requisite for
membership in any organization ?"
Question 11 (part)— -Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the
toleration of all creeds?"
Question 13— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the tip
holding of the constitution of the United states
and its guarantee of religious liberty to the indi
vidual?"
Question 16— "Does not Mr. Yorke believe that
exemption from taxation is equivalent to a grant
of public funds? And is he hostile to the taxation
of all property, the title to which is not vested in
the National or State Government, or their sub
divisions?"
Question 17— "Does Mr. Yorke favor the enlist
ment in the military arm of the Government of
any one not actually a citizen of the United
States?"
Question 19— "Would Mr. Yorke object to the re
peal of the act authorizing the naturalization of
minors without a previous declaration of Intention,
and Is he hostile to a provision of law that persons
to be naturalized must speak the language of the
land aud must prove seven years' continuous resi
f'.-ncf in this country from the ilate of the declara
tion of intention?"
Question 20- "Does Mr. Yorke object to a protest
against the laxity with which our present natural
ization laws are administered?"
Wiw stion 21— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the public
Inspection Of all hospitals, asylums, reformatories
or other institutions in whicu people art- under re
straint?"
Question 23-"Do<>B Mr. Yorte favor National or
Kut<> legislation in favor of any one section of the
country or of any class V
ON A. P. A. POLITICAL PRINCIPLKB.
Question 123— "1s Mr. Yorke opposed to such re-
Btrirtion of immigration us will prevent paupers,
criminals and anarchists from landing c:i our
hi, on?'
Qn.-stion 25 (part)-"Does -Mr. Yorke wish 'the
vnersof theeoiinipy to be ignorant of the duties
o' oilii'^'r citizenship, ana the pliant tools
Queuion 26— "Does .Mr. Vorke oppose support-
Ins fronr the public funds one general, non-si-cta
nan iree public Hchool system, sufliclent for the
primary education of all chilarenr"
Question 28— "l>o<;s Mr. Yorke oppose the taxa
tion of non-Uovern mental property'"
Question 29--I>oes Mr. Yorke support for office
any person who recognizes ■ allegiance to anv for
eign or ecclesiastical poientaie as superior to our
I'ostsenptum B-And for the sake of loam
ing whether or not Father Yorke falsiJied when
he stated in his Utter of the lath insi. that he
was ready toprove all his assertions, 1 now dt>
mand for the fourth lime that he submit to
your readers the authentic documents, the
affidavits and the facts in support of these as-
-•i.tPinpnt 1--I know, however, that a secret
P ", l . l . calsoclPt . v lfin nfTtr bring alK)iu pure poll-
Marement 2-"I know that they (tt» Methodist
].. ihopsMd preachers who are a^ltatlm? tbe repeal
of tne tax on church property) par more taxes
than the whole a. ]•. A. pal together."
btstement 3— "A foreigner who Is liot , ,-,,.„„.
Ized In live years will never be AraertcauiztM "
■»i;iiiment 4— "There are no unlvenut proposi
tions in politics." • b. F. II
FATHER YORKE'S LETTER.
The Chancellor Continues H
Reply to the Questions of Rev.
B. F. Hudelson.
Continuipg his letter of yesterday to
Tiie Caxl, m reply to B, F. Hudelson,
State president of the American Protective
Association, Father Yorke writes:
n. tmk Pinsn are arming.
The following quotations, which range from
the epigram to the wild and woolly perora
tion, itive the common opinions entertained
by Mr. Hudelson's society.
1. In the first place there is no doubt at all
as to the fact that the Catholics are drilling.
The Patriot of June 20, 1895, takes it for
granted:
TACTS FOR PATRIOTS TO J'i'NliKß.
The fact that Home is drilling and arming all her
available young men bodes no good for the land.
This is corroborated by the A. P. A. maga
zine, one of the ventures of that estimable gen
tleman, .Mr. Trice (page 888):
Whilst the Roman Church has denounced the
Masonic fraternity, the Odd Fellows and secret
Societies she has or;.'Uiii7. (I not !ess than ten socie
ties under different names In the United States, all
of the Catholic religion. .Many of them are armed
with Winchester rifles and ready drilled for mili
tary service.
The movement is under way in California.
Here is the Patriot of February !>, 18it5:
Romanists akminu.
We have received a letter from one of the towns
southward from here, saying that the catholics of
thai place are endeavoring to form a military com
pany composed exclusively Of men of that faith.
The writer gives the name of the person selected
iis captain, and sayg that seventy nave already '■
signed their mimes, or made their cross, us mem
bers of the contemplated company. He also j
Intimates that such things are becoming quite I
common in certain por.ions of the state, .bet the i
fuels lie whui they may, it would be well for the j
friends throughout the state In keep their eyes I
open and report to us any actual facts that occur j
having any bearing in the case.
Of course this firming is done at the com
mand of the priest. The Patriot for August 24,
189 3, page 13, contains the following:
AHMINO VOB WAR.
Following is an extract from a sermon delivered
by l'riest Menard in St. Joachim's Komish Church
iii l>etroit:
"When the church needed armed men to enlist as
crusaders, the young men of thechurch shouldered
the musket nnil satire and obeyed the orders of the
church. When the church wanted to get ri.i of the
Saracens the faithful arose en masse aDd extermi
oatea them. The church mav have to call upon i
you to defend her rights in this country, and l know
the young men will obey the church again and take :
up arms to exterminate the enemies of the church."
How does that suit your ta^te? ■■ l'he young men
shouldered the musket and Baber and obeyed the
orders Of the church." so ll.ey aid, aud now Home
la arming them by the thousands to do the s:ime
thing here. Who are the enemies of the church
that are to be exterminated now? Is it the A.l'. A.'s
he reiers to? it so, the crusade may end as did
that o: Kichard the Lion-hearted. "What rights has
Home that need to be defended by bullets and bay
onets? Is it any religious right? No; certainly
not. What then? Her false claim to temporal
power. Keep your eye on the military tactics. (Ed.)
The truth of all these assertions is corrobo
rated by accidental discoveries, of which this
dispatch is a good specimen. It is found in
the Patriot for July 5, 1894, page 2.
MORE Of THE SAME KIXD.
Catholics Shippino Wixohksteb Rifi.es Into
Washington.
The Spokane Daily Review contained the follow
ing dispatch;
"Kli.enshuro. Wash., Feb. 13, 1894.— Ro
man Catholic priests of this city to-day received a
consignment of supposed books. The 'books'
were shipped in oblong boxes and were hauled to
the church by a Koman Catholic drayman. 1 hey
were men stored in the basement of the church.
Two little boys, Freddie Davis, aged 8 years, and
Tommy Lindsay, aged 7, were playing in the
neighborhood of the church and during the after
noon broke through a window in the cellar, entered
and discovered that the boxes of 'books' contained
Winchester rifles of the newest make. Upon leav
ing the chur.'h the boys were met by Kev. J. J,.
ILester of the M. E. Church of this city, who asked
them what they had Deen doiucr in the Catholic
church. Their reply led to an Investigation and
the revelation of these startling truths. The great
est excitement prevailed in the city and there is
considerable talk of lynching the priests."
2. In the second place, the Patriots under
stand that those arms are not for ornament. If
they don't understand, and the number of the
obtuse among them is not small, they are told
plainly that the Papists are almost "ready to
take possession of the country and install the
Pope in the Presidential chair. Says the
Patriot of June 28, 1894:
It being true that "the long-expected day has
come." and Catholics will now act as one man in
accordance with their religion, we can begin to
understand the many suspicious movements that
have been made recently. This means that Catho
lics have now reached the time when they will
work together, and. if need be, right together, to
accomplish their purpose of religious and political
supremacy In his country.
Indeed, they have been ready for a long time
and have only been waiting the opportunity.
Says the Patriot of August 24, 1895 :
To condense this statement of the situation re
specting Komamsm In this country Into the slang
ot the da}-, "Home put up a job onus." with forty
years in advance, und American patriots have
some lively rustling to do to catch up with and
head her off. It is a fact thut Romanism is aiming
for a conflict with Americanism. Already in Kast
ern localities Us priests are telling their people
that their rights are invaded and that they must
be ready to light ior their defense. V-.olence is
simply held in abeyance until the opportune mo
ment.
And J. Q. A. Henry saw in the great strike
Rome's Red Hand and the signals which pre
saged a general massacre of Protestant-. Aa
reported in the Patriot of September 12, 189-1
he said :
Is it not likewise significant that the rioters and
strikers in Chicago and elsewhere should adopt as
their badge the same white ribbon worn by the
Roman Catholics on the day of the massacre of St
Bartholomew to the end that they might noi be
butchered in that dreadful crusade against Pro
testants? It is a well-known fact that in the fear
ful strikes of 1877 the Molly McGuires played an
important part, and that they were the repn s -inu
tives of theHonian Catholic hierarchy. According
to Macaulay, it is the function of the Jesuits to
plot against the lives ami thrones of apostate
kings, to spread evil rumors, to stir up civil com
motions, to inflame civil wars and to arm the hand
of the assassin.
3. How the Papists are to carry out their
nefarious scheme is a matter of deep aud diver
sified speculation among our protectors. I
think Mr. Benjamin Hudelson should tell us
just how the thing is to eventuate aud remove
this torturing uncertainty.
One bright particular genius opines that the
attack is to come through England. He writes :
San Fkaxcisco, July 5, 1895.
Editor American J'atrio(—X)F.Aß Sir: Jn an
Kxaminer of recent date I observed the following
'•The foundation stone of the Catholic cuthedrai
was laid at Westminster, London, and all the
Catholic nobility wen present during the cere
mony." England will become a Catholic country.
Now, this on top of the Pope's last encyclical to
the English, in which he praised them {ip to Hu
skies, strongly points to the possible Catholicism
of Greut Britain. If this should be brought about
what would be the effect on this country? Eng
land, which has undoubtedly the most powerful
navy in the world, would at the instigation of the
hierarchy take immediate steps to capture this
< onntry, and they wouid be materially assisted by
the Pope's Irish in America. This is, lam con
vinced, one of the latest schemes on the part of the
hierarchy 10 obtain possession of the United States
of America.
Now, what can we do to counteract this move"
Two things: Expel the Irish Catholic* and double
the present strength of the navy, jf this bo done
within the next five years we wfll have nothing to
feel uneasy about. With these treacherous
"Micks" out of the country and the navy at twice
Us present strength no nation will be powerful
enough to attack a*. Therefore, let us commence
at onc« to expel the Pope's Irish, who are a curse
to all nations, and to Increase our navy- Yours
trilI >'- Zadok.
The Patriot, however, considers that the at
tack will be the other way. This is the pro
gramme as set forth in the issue of October 5
1895. He is speaking of the Irish-American
convention:
At the close of the convention plans were formu
lated to organize militia all over the Dotted stales
and to agitate the question in various ways. To
my mind the whole affair appears like a plan to
subjugate America. Home has watched the rising
tide of American patriotism and reached the con
clusion that it is now or never with her. If she
waits until November. 1896. before making a
move her political prestige will have vanished.
Hence the necessity for prompt action. Home now
has the army, the navy and the police force of the
Nation practically under her control. I'nder pre
tense of organizing militia to free Ireland she will
muster and prepare her hosts to capture America.
The English (iftvi-riimem will be obliged to call
upon this <;overnment to put down a conspiracy to
injure them.
ruder the. pretext that the liberation of Ireland
whs for the glory of the church the Pope could ab
solve them from all allegiance to their Uoverii
ini-nt, and they would then he ready to strike u
blow that would mean the death of civil liberty in
America. That Koine aims at the restora ion of
thf temporal power of the Pope is ;iu indisputable
fact: that the hundreds of thousands of Roman
ists armed and drilled in this countiy have not re
ceived militarv training to preach the gospel of
thrist or support the American (iovernment is a
self-evident proposition: that Rome must down
the A. P. A. or have her plans upset is apparent to
all thinkers: that Rome places more dependence
on bullets than ballots is proved by her appeal to
the sword at tb" Chicago convention.
France glories in being the eldest daughter of
the churcb. Koine lU-pends upon her to reinstate
the l'ope. For the last two or three years, she has
been coquetting with Russia, and now they ha ve
formed an aUegtMtce thai practically puts the key
io the "Kastern question"' into their hands. The
war clouds of I- mope are almost ready to hurst;
urid vhen they do, the Jesuits expect to so control
tin' storm as to enable the Pope to regain his tem
poral ]>ower. The recent move of i'ussia in Chi
■eea waters, and her blustering attitude toward
Japan, proves that she wants to draw England's
•slni's away from Kurope so as to swoop down upon
1 OBStanUnopte, while her French allies watch the
German eagle. When the fatul spark touchei
Kuropean magazines, and all the Old World Is
ablaze with campllres, it is more than likely that
Home will seize our war-vess<-l-i an«l pour her
armed minions In:o Ireland, and from thence to
.'tome. Americans! our country is in danger.
Kimif's armed hosts are a menace to our (.Jovern
ment. siiull we sleep while they are Hharpening
lbe knife to cot oar throats? Awaice! Rouse ve
while yet there is time!
Still another opinion is that Rome will be
gin by inciting a riot and tiius get in her dead
'> o W ° rl f-.I «nd in the Patriot of August 30,
1804, this prognostication:
The Jesuitical conspirators concoct the schemes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
that are to subvert the republic, have given out
their proclamation of war, and the "American peo
ple must now meet the issue. The '-vast horde"
mentioned by the historian "has swept down on
America." The Komish legions are thoroughly
drilled, superbly caparisoned, completely armed
ami effectively officered. Home's onslaught will
not be made as upon the republic, she knows she
could I'lit win under such a declaration of war.
Her policy is to incite riot and mobs in the lar^e
center^, and when these are pretty well advanced,
she will proclaim to the world that "religious lib
erty" is assailed by Protestants, and in the name
of the republic and* under the apirls of the stars and
stripes, with the army and the navy of the Nation
at h-r hack, she will. expect the hosts of America.
under these pretenses, to rally to h°r aid. The
more densely populated centers will easily be
swung Into lino by reason of superior police au
thority, while tin' crypts and cellars of monasteries
and cathedrals of the cities will open their stores of
iuni3. and every l'upist will be under arms "at the
ciiik of the trigger. 9 '
The Rev. Donald Ross' ideas are not particu
larly dear, but as far as 1 can interpret him
he inclines to the opinion that the attack will
be through the navy. lie saiil on November
24. 1805 (as reported in A. P. A. magazine, p.
932, February, lg'.HJ):
Go to Uenlelaor Vallejo or Mare Island and yon
will lind that the Roman Catholic church, through
its ISishops and priests, has its hand upon the
American army and navy and it Is waiting for
the day when it shall have mighty Ipaders and
scholars in the United States subject to its dicta
tion; and believe me, my Menus, there will be
marching to war, not at the dictation of the Na
tion, not at the command of the people of this
country, but at the command of the Bishops and
Archbishops of this country. There was a meeting
between (j rant and Lsncoln to coiirt-munial one
of the -generals of the Civil War, lie having delib
erately allowed the enemy to escape when he
could have captured him, allowed him to escape
without capturing a single gun. .A re you aware
that that meeting was held? But why did they not
carry out the court-martial? The Nation was In the
throes of a feurful agony, the Nation was in dan
ger and th»y were afraid to let the world know
that the Roman Catholics were traitors in the
army, and the reason they gave for it was that the
l'rostestant people and the Koman Catholic people
would get hold of each other's throats and the
war would go on until millions were extermi
nated. Take the hint and take the lesson, and do
not interfere with the mighty march of !he Ameri
can navy untf the American army as you are doing
to-day, >or if you do, as sure as there is a Govern
ment in this land, as sure «s there is righteous in
dignation in this brave and fearless land, so sure
Will you llnu your commanders with their heads
cut ofl .some morning, and the army taken hy the
-American people and led on and on until you will
be the men they will march against and will march
over.
The most circumstantial prophecy, however,
is the iollowing:
Home has now from 700,000 to 1,000.000 armort
men in the United States. She has been arming
and drilling for years, she has a purpose m view
in this. What is it? It certainly cannot be to uld
in preaching the gospel. A gospel of powder and
lead would be a novelty. It cannot bo for the
purpose of upholding and maintaining the Integrity
of the Nation: to assist it In the hour of peril.
Our proof is drawn from the following facts, first,
when Rome could have manifested her willingness
to maintain law and order during the great railroad
strike of 189-i she failed to do so. Second, when
Governor Markham called on the National Guard
of California to assist in preserving peace the
Romanism manifested their loyalty bv refusing to
Obey the call. Third, I was Informed by a reliable
man tnat Hie Romanists had three express wagon
loads of "Wlnchestwr Titles outsiae Sacramento all
ready to use in invading the town and shooting
down the United States soldiers. Only for there
straining Influence of the American element In the
Railway Union the plan would have been carried
out.
Home has laid her plans to have a huge military
display u! Bridgeport, Conn., next gammer. It is
proposed to send her various military orders there
to nive a granil military display. The query natu
rally arises: Why choos'e the town of Bridgeport for
Bucii u gathering? For the following reasons:
First, the largest cartridge factory (the Union
Metu'lir Cartridge Company) in the' United states
il situated there; second, within a radius of l'J5
miles che leading gun, rirle and revolver manufac
tories are all located. At New Jlaven. Conn., there
is the Winchester Kepeatiug Arms Company and
the Jiotchkiss Uun Company. Hartford, conn.,
and Worehester, .Mass., also contain gun and re
volver factories; third, at Springfield, Mass., th< re
is the United states arsenal, with 1.000,000 or
more of rifles. Suppose a cordon of about lOO.OUU
armed men should surround each of the above
mentioned cities and capture til the arms and sm
munition and then :irm the motley rabble fiom
Boston, New York hii>l Chicago, what could be
done to check an "on to Washington" move? The
situation is alarming. Americans awake! A. P. A.
sentine.la sound the alarm ! Keep your eye on the
enemy and prepare to defend your liberty.
111. TO AKM9, YE PATRIOTS.
As it is taken for Gospel tru*li that the
Papists are preparing for bloody war it is but a
natural consequence that the A. P. a. should
arm too. 1 have already given the testimony
of distinguished Protestant ministers as to the
panic produced by the forged encyclical. The
leaders ol the A. P. A. do not conceive it to be
their duty to allay that fear.
One patriot puts the question in the organ
(date August 17, 1895):
ORGANIZATION OF AMKRICAN PATRIOTS OX A
MILITARY BASIS.
Would It not be the greatest advantage to the
A. P. A. In general and the American Nation In
particular if some man or men belonging 10 the A.
i*. A. ami also belonging to the United States army
werejto commence to model the whole of tin a. i\
A. on a solid military basis? Let . ach council
work together like a regiment, and let them organ
ize a militia of patriotic Americans, who,
although unwilling to belong to the council indi
vidually, yet would obey the orders given them
and would act in harmony with the A. I*. a.,
always being in readiness to'fr.ll into line whenso
ever "the time for action might arrive.
The A. P. A. magazine, page 883, evidently
agrees with the idea:
First, it is important that Oie members of the
AjnetiCU Protective Association should arm them
selves and prepare to resist any revolutionary
action on the part of the aimed classes of the
Catholic societies. It is useless to organize an as
sociation to resist an armed force merely by the
ballot.
But the official seal is set on the project by
the boss of the order, Traynor, a Canadian, who
hns devoted himself to the task of protecting
America. In a long letter addressed to the
members of the order and published in the A.
P. A. magazine, page 848, he writes:
AS TO A. P. A. MII-ITIA.
In the early paragraphs of this communication I
have advocated the suppression, by act of Con
rtpss. of all military organizations whatsoever
yet if this cannot be accomplished at an early date
1 strongly recommend the members of put riot ic
orders to organize military companies indepen
dently, under a separate ritual, pledged to the
preservation, by force or arms if necessary, of the
constitution of the United States ami the Repub
lic as it now exists. While 1. with nil other men
of reason and intelligence, am opposed to anything
in the nature of an A. 1\ A. militia, ;is being con
trary to the spirit of the constHution, I am strongly
of the opinion that if Congress refuses to suppress
the rapidly increasing and im-eudiary army corpa
of the papacy, now organized in all its military
splendor and insolence unon American soil— if
our National Government, by its culpable inactiv
ity, gives governmental consent to such an out
rage, It is highly necessary that the patriots of the
Nation should take such self-protective measures
as are not inconsistent with their duty as law
abiding citizens.
I draw the attention of the order to this matter
in response to manv applications received by me
from vtirloiis members and councils for permission
to oreanize military companies, and. while it is
beyond my powers to sanction the organization of
sfich parties within the councils of our order, the
supreme jurisdiction extends no farther and can not
forbid, nor would it be liable to oppose, any aucU
movement prudently conducted.
REMARKS.
I have inflicted all these extracts on you, Mr.
Editor, because in no other way could I show
the height, depth, breadth and width of the
fatuity of the A. P. A. Some of them are edi
torials, some are from correspondents, some
are utterances of men high in the order.
Traynor, as I have remarked, is the boss of the
institution, and iJonald Uoss is the secretary
of the advisory board, or the junta, which will
tell all the members how to vote.
All of them are sentiments spread broadcast
by the A. P. A. to gain recruits, if we heard
that buch opinions were in vogue in the in
terior of China or the hinterVand of Ashantee
we would express our pity and compassion at
heathen ignorance and savage bigotry. But
that bigotry is rampant within our own
gates and that ignorance flourishes in the
very shadow of our schoolhouses. For it, Mr.
Benjamin Hudelson, you and your society are
responsible. The unfortunates who believe
these ttainn are your dupes, for I do not insult
you by- supposing you believe it yourself.
hut those who do not believe have the" greater
guilt. They sin against the light. For the
sake of pelf, for the sake of power, they are
sowing here the dragon's teeth which in other
lands have yielded such a baneful harvest and
such a bloody reaping. Yours truly,
P.C. Yorke.
PSYCHICAL LECTURES.
Eminent Men to Speak liefore the Local
Association.
The new course of lectures to be given
under the auspices of the California
Psychical Society will begin this evening
when Professor Edward Howard Gripgs of
Stanford University will read a paper on
"The Scientific Study of the Higher Hu
man lAie." These lectures will be deliv
ered in Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street,
beginning at 8 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will lecture on
"The Evolution of Mind," Friday, March
!6. Dr. Charles \V. Wendte's subject will
j be "Immortality and Modern Thought,"
for Friday, March 20. Dr. Voorsanger
will speak on "The Rise of Man," Thurs
; day, April 2. Professor Joseph Le Conte's
; lecture on "Immortality From the Stand
; point of Science," will close the course,
Friday, April 17.
Defends Mrs. Wilson.
John McCormicK, with whose family Mrs.
Jennie Wilson is living at 1028 McAllister
street, comes forward in her defense and states
that her life has been above reproach while
she has resided under bis roof.
NEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS. «_~^ --~-~~~~
TWOiAYS' BARGAINS IflE!
! " ■
The last two days of the week are always the greatest bargain days, but our store will
be closed to=morrow, hence TO CONCENTRATE THE TWO DAYS' BUSINESS INTO ONE
we offer
A DOUBLY POWERFUL ARRAY OF ATTRACTIONS TO-DAY!
LADIES' NECKWEAR! GLOVES ! _ GLOVES! | HOSIERY ANDJNDERIEAR! FANCY RIBBONS!
r*^x,o At $1.00 Each. . . At 45 Cents. At 16% Cents a Pair. At 25 Cents. •
LACE COLLARETTES, with Crepe de 2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK FANCY STRIPED ALL-SILK RIBBON,
Chene Collars regular price *2 25, re- GLOVES, in . mode, tan and elate COTTON HOSE, spliced knees, double 41/ incheTwide, in all new colors, will
auced to $1 each. shades, regular value $1, will be closed heels, soles and toes, fast black, regular be offered at 25c a yard. - .
out at 45c a pair. price 25c, will be closed out at 3 pair for
LACF COT T AifFTTFS E Vandvk-e Point. At 55 Cents. At 25 Cents a Pair. At 30 Cents. ttjd^ vt
tr mmed ithh NeVTop rSnt-Ve?^ 1500 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, in MISSES' "FINE RIBBED MACO COT- FANCY STRIPED ALL-SILK RIBBON,
Lnce regular nrice 50 redSced to £ mode and slate shades, regular value TON HOSE, double knees, heels a"d 5 inches wide, entirely new, will be of-
each' ?1, will be closed out at 55c a pair. toes, black and assorted tan shades, fered at 30c a yard. .
Hermsdorf dye, regular price 40c, will
At 65 Cents. be closed out at 25c a pair. At *^O cr s
IVORY POINT RPFTA(TFICHTT<, 12 °°JuFT 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS- At'33V Cents a Pail *' FANCY STRIPED SHADED RIBBON,
re-iila? $Ll J- r5 b reduced tnsMi rfnvv! in UI * D^ Sbil 1 D K} D LADIES'. BLACK MACO COTTON all silk, 4 inches wide, in entirely new
eac P ' • reduced to $1 oO CtlX) \ fcb in tan am mode. sh. Jes, H OBE. high-spliced heels and toes, patterns, will be offered at 30c a yard.
closed mn'J 3£ JZt H ' WIU bG Hermsdorf black, made with un bleach!
closed out at 60c a pair. ed feet, regular price 50c, will be closed .-, Q _ r
At $4.00 Each. At 75 Cents. out at 3 pair for $1. . „.„.„ ' FIGURED avS v att> RIB-
IVORY POINT LIERRE LACE SCARFS, 1000 pa , lr s 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors .At 25 Cents. FA BONB, all silk entirely new : designs,
regular price .sl2 «>>. reduced tos4 each. and black, regular value |l 25 will be LADIES' SWISS RIBBED EGYPTIAN value 50c will be offered at 35c a yard.
closed out at 75c a pair. *•;;:" COTTON VESTS, low neck andsleeve-
\f =;n r".>nfc Fn,.i, „ . es s. beautifully trimmed neck and _^ _
TUAPK vVr °t,,t?J?f Si' rf n At 90 Cents. arms, regular price 40c, will be closed At 50 Cents.
w K f v^i r Ui<liL T ES edged with 900 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large out at 25c each. . FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, elegant
S/- r)j^^^^'"i^La^, regular price buttons to match gloves), all shadS At 50 Cents designs, 3* inches- wide, value 70c,
'.*! 25, reduced to 50c each. dbl regular v|lue $ l > 50, will be \ BOys NATURA^L S' SANITARY will be offered at 50c a yard.
ciosea out at ,XJc a pair. AVOOL SHIRTS, warranted non- v ; v ;i . :
At $1 00 shrinkable, size 24 to 34, regular t>rice At 65 Cents.
nATJTWPDPIIT™ f 900 pairs 8-BUTTON* LENGTH MOUS- 75c, will be closed out at 50c each.' FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, in any
* HANDKEkCMImS ! QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID corsets._corsets. number of designs .value 90c, Wlll be
xiJiXiuxiuiiuixiiJAU . GLOVES, in colors and black regular ttC>l:: ' »«. tUHSt 10. offered at Goc a yard.
At 15 Cents Each. ■ value *1 50, wiil be . closed out at *1 a At $1.00. ■ "
LADIES' SHEER WHITE LAWN SCAL- " • 76 dozen LADIES'. SATEEN CORSETS. , ..
LOPED EMBROIDERED HAND- wel boned, extra long waist and high r : _V -nTTiriJ TTT I Tfimni .
KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 per b " 8 . 1 ' embroidered with silk, perfect T.AHTIfS WAInTnI
dozen, reguced to 15c eacii. I" ■ ntting. regular price $1 50, will be JjitUlJliO IT illOlO 1
.reguceaioutucu. M'r?'n]'^ FTrR'KINrTTN'P^ ! closed out at SI each.
__!_ " MI?U'Q T?TTMTQUT'KfP<? 1 ladies- launderedVhirt waist,
TTTlTfTlTftl TTnTTTITfii At 15 Cents. • JllMl U I UniUOllllltrO ! made of heavy percale, yoke .back, full
VEILING ! VEILING ! » 5-^USxisheb me. At x^ ents . ?
At 25 Cents a Yard. toes extra va]ne for o 5 will be cl d t HANDKERC HIEFS, with white or "
CHENILLE DOTTED. TUXEDO VEIL- out at 15c a pair. ' fancy hemstitched borders, laree size, PTTTT TIT)P\T'CI TITIPCICIPCI I
ING, 18 inches wide, special price 25c i " regular price 25c and 35c, will be closed I . H1 1 .1 1 KHi N \ I] K P,NN H,N '
a yard. At 75 Cents. out at 15c each. ■ UlllUUlilJXi W ULIUUUUU ...
Af r^»f c o v,r,l -I 45 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASH- I At 50 Cents. At $1.00.
CHENILLE DOTTFD TUXFDO VFTT Sf s^i?f wS2? UW> S?2 H - I S? 30 dozen^ MEN'S LAUNDERED PER- CHILDREN'S FANCY LAWN PRESSES.
f\G •>- in<.hJs\ vide nPnripl-n M DRAWERS fancy silk hmshed, CALE SHIRTS, with two collars and I in i-ink, blue and lavender, wirh full
vard 2/ inches «ide, special price a regular value for *1 25, will De closed one pair cuffs to each, regular price $1 ruffle over shoulder and full sleeves,
J ara ' out at ' 5c each - and $1 25, will be closed out at 50c each, j will be offered at $1 each.
STORE CLOSED SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22d"
UU Murphy Building, / l/(f Murphy Building, / (/(/ Murphy Building, / lf(/wurphy Building, /
Market and Jooes Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Sireets.
ANOTHER DELAY LIKELY.
The Complaint in the Matter of
the Ferry Depot Not Yet
Filed.
HARBOR OFFICIALS INDIGNANT.
Contractor Bateman Said to Be Sick
and Attorney Sullivan Is in
the East.
The Harbor Commissioners held a very
short session yesterday. President Colnon
and Commissioner Chadbourne wanted to
show Governor Budd the south end of the
water front and in consequence nothing
but routine work was taken up.
The Health Department wrote asking
that the Mason-street sewer be extended
beyond the seawall. The matter was re
ferred to Chief Engineer Holmes and the
latter said that the work could not be done
unless the City would do its share. There
is yet a block and a half of City property
through which the sewer must be extended
before the State can step in. "As soon as
that work is done," said Mr. Holmes, *'I
have no doubt but what the Harbor Com
missioners will carry the sewer through to
the sea."
The Manufacturers' and Producers" As
sociation wrote asking the board to use
nothing; but California-made rope on State
tugs and dredgers. This matter was re
ferred to Purchasing Agent Westlake. Tha
latter said that all the rope used by the
State on the water front was of California
make, except the big hawsers, which could
not be procured here. If it can be shown
that as pood an article as what is now pur
chased in the East can be made here the
Harbor Commissioners will use it, even if
it does cost a little more money.
The captain of the Italian ship Salvatore
Ciampi, aud Hobbs, Wall & Co., on behalf
of the schooner American Girl, asked for
rebates on wharfage charges. It was held
by the Commissioners that in neither in
stance had the law been obeyed, so the re
quests were refused.
The plans and specifications for the shed
to be erected over Pacific-street wharf were
presented by Chief Engineer Holmes and
adopted and the bids ordered advertised
for. The shed will be 90 feet broad and
590" feet long. In order to have it modern
in evcrv respect the Chief Engineer in
tends having the north side open and the
south side closed' by means of sliding
doors. In this way goods on the wharf
will be protected from the prevailing wind
storms.
The new ferry depot building is still
troubling the Harbor Commissioners.
Bateman Bros.' demand on the Board of
Examiners has been refused payment by
the Comptroller, but the contractors have
made no move toward carrying the matter
info the Supreme Court. With the test
case hanging fire it looks as though noth
ing would be done for months to come.
Bateman Bros, explain the delay by say
ing that J. C. Batemun, who has handled
the whole matter, is very sick, and that
their attorney, M. I. Sullivan, is at present
In the Kast. Nevertheless the Commis
sioners are very much worried and they
would be very glad to see some movement
in the direction of a Supreme Court settle
ment.
ALONG THE FRONT.
A Large Cargo of Central and South
American Freight Arrives on
the Walla Walla.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Walla \Valla arrived from Puget Sound
ports yesterday loaded down with general
merchandise. She has on board 32,000
sacks of flour and 8000 cases of canned
goods, nearly all of which ip for Mexican
and South American ports. The bulk of
the stuff will leave on the steamer Willam
ette Valley on the 28th inst., and the
remainder will go to South America via
Panama on the Pacific Mail Company's
steamers. The Walla Walla made a quick
passage of rifty-ei<_'ht hours from Victoria,
B. C. Captain Wallace will resume com
mand on the next voyage.
Commodore C. C. Bruce has sold his fine
yacht, the Rover, and is now having plans
and specifications made for a fine schooner
which he expects will beat anything in
the bay. She will probably be ready by
next yachting season, and "in that event
the commodore and his guests will have
many a delightful cruise along the coast.
The Pacific Mail Company's San .Juan
went out loaded to the gunwales, but with
out a single passenger aboard. She took
out a lighter in tow, and presented an
overloaded appearance as she moved slow
ly along the front. There was neither doc
tor nor baker on board, so the crew will
have to depend on the cook for their bread
and on the captain for their medical at
tendance. At the last minute Captain
Pitts was found to be too ill to take the
vessel out, so Chief Officer Grundel was
placed in command, and he will take the
San Juan to Panama and back.
The whaler Gayhead has completed her
fitting out and will sail on a protracted
cruise in a few days. She will first, go to
Kodiak and Bristol Bay right whaling. If
the season is not good there the vessel will
be headed for the Arctic. From there she
will go south after the sperm whale, and
thence westward to Guarn, where she will
relit. Thence the voyage will be contin
ued to Japan, and from there the second
year's voyage will begin. It will be a re
petition of the first, and Captain Foley is
confident that it will be a success.
Three boys stole a 100-pound flask of
quicksilver from the Mail dock yesterday
and were making their way along Harri
son street with it when Officer Bean of the
Harbor police noticed them. He jumped
into a buggy and gave chase, but the lads
dropped their spoil and ran up Rinson
Hill. They made much better time than
the horse and were soon lost to sight
among the turns and twists of Essex
street. Bean brought the flask to the
Harbor police station, where it now awaits
an owner. It is marked F between two
white stripes which form the letter V.
A POTRERO SWINDLE.
Three Men Wanted by the Police for
Obtaining Money by False
I'retenses.
Dr. J. A. Simpson of Solano street swore
out a warrant yesterday for the arrest of
.7. J. Smith, "John Doe" and '-Richard
Roe" on the charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses.
Last week Smith and two other men
called at Dr. Simpson's residence and rep
resented they were selling tickets for a ball
in South Park Hall, the proceeds to be
given to G. A. Allen, an employe of the
Western Sugar Refinery Company, who
had a large family and had been disabled
from work. The doctor's sympathies were
aroused and he bought two tickets at 50
cents each.
Dr. Simpson learned that a large num
ber of tickets had been sold in the Potrero,
and he was very much annoyed and dis
gusted to find that he and the other pur
cha,sers of tickets had been swindled.
Inquiry elicited the fact that no person of
the name of G. A. Allen had been in the
employment of the Sugar Refinery Com
pany, and that there was no such hall as
South Park Hall. It was simply a scheme
concocted by ihe three men to get some
money.
The doctor said he knew Smith and that
he would be able to identify the other two
men.
Lord Wolseley. who may have to face
the whole German arrav, as commander
in-chief of the British forces, cannot enter
a room where a car is without uncomfort
able sensations.
WILL VOTE HIS STOCK
j Sydney V. Smith Says He Will
Do This at the Next.
Election.
THE RAILWAYS MAY UNITE.
Judge Angelotti Delivers a Long and
Exhaustive Opinion in Favor
of Smith.
The temporary injunction granted to
President Foster of the San Francisco and
North Paciiic Railroad restraining Sydney
V. Smith, a controlling stockholder, from
voting certain shares of the stock at the
next election, was dissolved by Judge An
gelotti yesterday at San Rafael.
It was claimed that Mr. Smith could not
vote these shares under the terms of a con- j
tract existing between the directors of the
road and hiiuself.
In this contest for the control of the
road Judge Angelotti in a lonz opinion re
fused the applications both of the plaintiffs
and defendant for an injunction and left
the parties to their usual remedies.
The Judge held there waa nothing
against public policy in the agreement un
der consideration, buttbatany party might
at any time, except in cases of partner
ship, withdraw from such contracts unless
there was some question of estoppel. The
court did not deem it necessary to exam
ine the testimony on that point, because
after all the contract was not one that
could be specifically enforced.
The plaintiffs might have other reme
dies, but that was not for the court to de
cide on the present application. No in
junction was necessary, because if any
party was aggrieved at the election a
remedy was provided by the statute for
testing its validity, which remedy was in
every way adequate.
The. decision was exhaustive and re
viewed all the decisions given in similar
cases referring to the voting of stock by
agreement and making agreements against
public policy. The result of the opinion
created a decided sensation.
A. W. Foster, president of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad, said:
"The case now is reduced to itn original
basis before the temporary injunction was
granted. Beyond this 1 have nothing at
present to saw Whatever is done is
purely legal. But every one can guess
what will be done. I cannot say whether
we shall appeal or not. But the question
is now open for an appeal on both sides "
"This is not my fight," said J. a. Stet-
Bon, president of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad. li l have no interest in the
matter whatever."
Sydney V. Smith was seen on the boat
last evening before leaving for San Rafael
"I have not seen the decision," said lie
"but there is really nothing to say about
it. The court has vacated the temporary
restraining Injunction, and this allows
me to vote my stock at the election next
Tuesday. Even if the other side should
appeal to the Supreme court thev could not
obtain any injunction that would prevent
me Irom voting at this election. Of course
what may transpire before the election a
year hence cannot easily be predicated
now. There w no appeal lor me to take
I did not commence the case. I wili
simply vote my stock."
Hunting for n UefenUant.
Alice E. Johuson, the singer who was dis
charged from the Orpheum, lias been looking
for some one to sue for the remainder of her
contract money. She at first brought suit in
' the .Jus-tiees' Court against the Chicago
Amusement Company, then she trausferr'fl
! the action to the Superior Court, and then She
1 found that the Walters Orpheum Company
was a better defendant and .she has brought
suit against that. One interesting: fact she
has learned in her litigation, and that is that
Jacob Rauer owns 24,0<M) shares in the <>r
pheuua Company. Mr. Kauer knows a good
: show when he sees it.
Chief Justice 'William W. Upton of the
Oregon Supreme Court, wlio died the
other day at the age. of 78 years, was born
in Vic'or, N. Y.
i* i
|j Cup of ||
I S/iirarcieili 's |
3l Cocoa v ■ j&
3 -F
?! fr
■«5} _ % tn ino morning, is a re- \<fc-
freshing, invigorating, l^
w! nourishing drink. 9/one }«T^
J\ of the bad effects of j^"
"^| f, other beverages, and &£
-^j unlike them, contains &-
e sustenance /2W and j&.
>^j * drink at the same time. j^
>^{ _> Easiest and quickest to jj^
■^j * prepare. J> J- J. j* jl j^"
"^j y* is important that «s^"
%. Cocoa be fresh — tike \&-
>gj Coffee it is weakened j^.
V *■& a &° anti exposure. |^
Zthe wag to get it fresh j^"
"^| is to bug it where it is )^t
-^| made. Shirardellt"s \&-
. - t >•» (*"K
- Cocoa is made here. \fo-
• J*>/ SrotMrs. J>J> eu/ ,s J?Sc. j^.
THESLCCESSOF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 7 GRILL ROOM
-OF THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
. OPEN USTJL MIDNIGHT. '
COSIVtOPOUITAN",
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth s:., .San-
Iran Cisco, Cal.— The moil select family hotel in
the city. Board and room. $1, if 1 I JS i\n"t $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 50c
and 750 a day. Free coacli io and from the hotel.
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WIL FAHKY, Proprietor.
friilifs Indian Vsietable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of ]«Tsons who
have used them for over fortv vears to cure I
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS," CONSTI PA
TIo.V, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. . . .  . ' " u
Crßssiii'sSpciHiiifi
With tins remedy persons L: in cure themselves
without the least exposure, chau of diet or
change iu application to boibint.' Th.- medlci no
contains nothing that is of the least injurv- to th-'
consUtution. Ask your druggist for iu Trice %l 2AT THE OLD-TRACK AGAIN.
Montalvo Won the Stake Race.
Opening Day at the Bay
District.
KEY DEL BANDIDOS IN FRONT.
The Favorites Were Literally Slaugh
tered—Scimitar Took a Race at
Handsome Odds.
The "old" track reopened again yester
day and the Bay Districtites turned out in
liberal numbers. The card was a lengthy
one, comprising seven events at various
distances, with a bountiful sprinkling of
rive and a half furlong scrambles "that
are such a source of delight to the bookie.
Marter Ferguson used the Australian
starting machine to dispatch his fields on
three different occasions, and the gentle
man from Kentucky now bids fair to reach
a ripe old age. for it does away with a world
of vocal efforts and dramatic gestures.
The betting ring contained a good-si/ed
crowd, but no noticeable heavy plunging
was indulged in. It was a most icy day
for the favorites, but one out of* seven
sent to the post being able to poke his
nose hrst past the wire.
The Burlingame stake, worth $700 to th»
first horse, a mile and a half, selling,
hurdle affair, was the feature of the day's
racing. John Brenock s crack, St. Bran
don, was, cf course, installed a hot 6 to 5
favorite, which price was later shaved
down to 9to 10. Of the other six starters
Montalvo was about the only one that re
ceived any support, nis odds bein» forced
down from Sto 4. The favorite cut little
in the running. Three Forks, with
■ up, went out to make a running
race of it and until nearing the last hurdle
it looked as though it might be successful.
linng;at this point perceptibly he was
I, after takine the jump, by Mo:i
talvo, who had drawn awav from the
others, and beaten out three" lengths in
":43J£. a new mark for that distance. Six
«t eight lengths away the favorite barelv
got nurd place from The Lark in a drive. "
Th« Burns <fc Waterhouse filly, Sweet
Rose, was backed down from twos to 7 to
10 to win the opening rive and a half fur
long dash, with twelve starters, and hav
ing the race Well in hand irom the jump
won easily from Red Will.
The race following, over the inside
course at seven and a haif furlongs, re
f-uited disastrously for both of the choices
in the betting. Hy Dy, the 11 to 5 favor
ite, after getting out of several pockets,
managed to finish second to the 6to 1
e. Miss Ruth, who was in front
.rhout. The second choice, E. 11.
Shirley, ran unplaced.
k horse Hi la~o gave the crowd
i fall in the mile and a furlong seli
enc Backed from Bto 5 to 6 to 5,
Le coiiid not res-pond when called on in the
... and wound up third. The 8 to 5
second choice Rev del Bandidos, with 95
is ur>, made all of the running, and
won handily by three lengths in I:55U'.
Little Cripple came fast at ti:e end, nip
: :ng second place from the favorite by a
necu. '
It was rumored that Rebellion hau been
working -'great gun?," and when the bet
ing opened on the mile purse race toe pen
were almost afraid to chalk a price
against him. Finally 7 to 5 was laid,
which was soon cut a shade lower. Mollie
: he made most of the running to the
streteb, where the favorite forged ahead.
A hundred yards from the wire he was
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Twenty-fifth ?»> o( the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Bay Dis
-1 ;.-ict Track. San Frar.cisco. Thursday. February 20. 1896.
-1 1-IKjjl" KACE— Five and e. half furlongs; conditions; Belling; purse $300.
1 nfiex. ! n ©rse, age, weight. St. |
t i
ndex.!' Dorse,age,wei f h:. St. jl4 i£ % j tr. j Fin. ! Jockeys. ! o ßet
658 (Sweet Rose, 3 91 2 13 13 12 .1 2 Garner ~2
642 WW81.4... 109 1. 3h 42 42 2h shaw?:;;;::;::: 10
6,4 ! Easel. 3 91:5 2b 21V 2% 314 E. Jones 12
705 j Crawford 6.. 103 4 12 33. 31* i f 11. Martin::.".": 10
70a lAtuaio, 5 IOJ 3 6h 52 Sa 5 1 T.Sloan . 8
f2l H^«?-»-- : ■"=U 1 g? 6 5 3 63 6 64 J.Chorn.. '.".{V. 3
556 llmp.Knd-.vmlon.S 95 7 84 83 8 .73 Beauchamp.... 20
662 ; Gondola, 6. 110; 9 7 1 73 7 86 Hinrieh«. 20
510 ReyAlta.4 104 8! 9 2 1 9 9 * 9li MacbUn 1)
521 Jtelaniew a... :...... 106 10. [... 1103 jlo 10 10^ <oa.ly .' 8
-^ !i ( a'ja«pais.a 310 11 ........ jll .;• n n u Anderson:::": 50
709 .Model, 4 102 teft 1.... 1 Chevalier. .... 6
Vi
Fin. !
Jockeys.
< Betting.
Op. Cl.
tting.
a.
7-10
20
15
20
4
10
6O
50
30
lft
100
10
Good ttmrt. W«m •wUy. Winner, Burns <fe Waierhouse's b. f., by Flambeaii-imp. Fairy Hose.
722 *^'ii >Nl> RA<E - Sevta and a half furlongs; in.ide course;
Index.
I Horse, age, weight. St.
U
I
Va
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
.
640 Miss Ruth, 4 99 1 lh
702 HyDy.a 104 6 6h
681 Duchs Milni:as. 4 99 4 4 h
7J2 JE. H. Sherley, 6.. 107 5 ; 3h
600 iMonita, B lO4' 3 17 1
654 ifncle Giles. 4 30l| 9 8 1
653 Talbot CllftOß, 5.109 8 5 3
650 (ataiosue. 4 101 2 23
"04 comrade, 6 1121 7 I 9
I 1 3 13
H : ._. S3
1 51- |U
21 2 3
71 8
84 74
j 4h 5 2
! 3h . I*
9 9-
-1 3 j
3 1 j
M4 :
74 .
6 4., j
85 ?
i ■ 9
1 2
j 2 3
3h '
4 5
5^
5 2
«6
i . 76
86
i 9
K.Jones 8
Chevalier 2
' W. Flynn 6
Cochran 2 -
Ccady.. 6
■ ! Peoples .; 6
J. C'horn 12
McClain 30
H. Martin ...... 30
7
5-2
10
3
10
6
20
30
40
-T-. VlOn easHy - Winner, H. A. Martin's b. m., by Sobrante-Ruth. At post 18 minutes.
■ •»* * 4 -
: H IKD BACE-()n* and an eighth miles; belling-
i — •'. lowanws; purse $600.
: penalties; ml-
lnd»>x. 1 Horse, age, weight.
nd«>x. [ Horse, age, weight. I St. j Std. I y± I i/ 2 I 3^ I Str.
6F<7 BeydelßandMa, 395 5 11^1% \ \iA 1 21^, TH
886 Little Cripple, 5.. 107 8 4 i- 3 * 62 61 *4 h 43
651 Hidaeo. 4.^ 110 2 3lj 4h S 1%|2 h •> 2
706 Del None, 6 105 6 2i 2 2 1 I3h 3 11', 3 1
712 K«dßO'<t.a. 307 7 51- 8 V s - 2b. 5 1 63
660 I ntle Bob. 4 97. 1 6 2 7 7 6 2 5 3
68S |FUrtilla,^4 96 37 sh4h 7 7-
Fin. Jockeys. | op*"'
12- Garner | 2
2 1-4 H. Martin., ' 6
i3 h J. Cborn i 8-5
4 4 Piueott , ' 5
54 . Macklin 15.
10 E.Jones : 10
7 Chevalier ....12
Betting.
Op. a.
lne.
CL
9-5
8
6-5
7
,60
15
30
«.oodBtaxu Won easily. Winner, Lone s:ablt's ch. c, by imp. True Briton-Emma Collier
7OJ f 1 >rK'l H PAC > — One snd a hr<lf miles; over niv htird
I —"I. nard; the Burlinj,aine stakes: allowances: value SI OOO.
; selling; three-year-olds and up-
Index. J Horse, age, weight. St. Ktd. | 1,4 ifr j %
B-,9 Montalvo. 5 ......333 65h 2 1 2 4 2 8 :
(707) Three Forks, "> ..]•_' 4 lltf 12 ;15 lh ;
(700) s:. Brandon, 6. ...M0. 2 6 6 4<V4 410
615 Ti.r Lark. 5 133 4 3h 3 2 31 3S
706 8e11ringer,a......136 7 21 5 i-i 5 510 '
667 Mnderocio, 4 120 5 41 4h 6 A 6
700 1J0C.4 ....127 *3 i .... ;
2 15
Th I
4 5
8 3 '
."> -JO
6
Btr.
1 i a. Cochran
|2 15 Cuddy
:> ; a Boyd •
[4 10 Mara
550 Bpence
6 IT. Murpby
1 ISwllt
3
6
1
6
5
10
10
Betting.
Op. Cl.
B
8
4-6
10
5
12
IS
U.....1
' o <1 start. Won eas ly. Winner, J. Cochran's b. h., by Sid-May Belle. Time, 2:43V*- *Fell first
imp.
OX FIFTH RACK— One mile; allowances; purse $400.
ludci ,-Horse, age, weight. | 6t. |
678 Scimitar. 3 89 3
1108 KrtK-llion, 3 &5 5
(463) Trix, 5... 101 1
672 On S M . 4
708 IMoIIle K. 4 94 2
671 |Peterll,4 104 left
llettinsr.
j<ip. Cl.
5
■ 4h
1 1
4 11
2b
3 2
5"
In
41
lh
8 1
5
2h
5
lh
3 1
4h
2Vi
lh
a 1
3h
43
6
K. Jones 6 -
Garner.... ...... 8-2
Che-vwJier I 6
Reidy 5
Fran ley 10
T. Sloan I 4 .
7
7-5
7
6
10
6
! ....«
I ....
<>ood start. Won driving. Winner, J. H.
te us«d. Time, 1 :42.
br. c, by
Sotheru-Wyundoue.
Staning-
•~9p SIXTH RACE-A
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.' V± '
502 Major Coolc. 4....10ti .4
(702) -•■a Spray, 4 96 '1
714 *>rrlsHartman,3. 84; 1
657 Toano.o 104. X 6 ...
686 Bueno, 4 99 6
683 Meadow I>nrk, 4.. 100 10
622 Beatrice, 4.". 90 7
676 Clacquer. 6 102 9 ..... ..
(616) Joe Terry, 89 8
713 Matnstay, 4 103 11 ...
tttil Coleman,4 66 3 .V.
635 Clara Johnson, 3. 97 \*£ J .
6tr.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
[ Betting.
Op. CI
I 13
i 4i£
2 h
6 1
3 2
10 •
8b
7h
91
11
51
: 12
1 2
4h
3 8
6 u
2 h
9h
8 2
7h
10 2
11 'I
5 2
12
1 3
a 1
4 2
6 3
2 3
9
8
7
10
11
52
12
1 3 |T. Sloan .....
2iA £ Jones ;..
3 9 G. Slaughter...:
4 Vj ■t'o«dy
5 5 Garner..........
6 1 \V. Flynn ......
••'7 iPicgott .:....
H Chevalier
9 Hewitt....:.....
10 ■'■'•'•• Maclclln..
11 Re1dy...........
13 McC1ain;........
5-2
8
0
8
2
15
40 ■
10
15
8
80
60
12-5
10
t 8
-2
50
65
15
30
12
• 60
100
'.ood »i*rt. Won easily. Winner,
i;cs. Tirno, 1 :11.
g., by Rulwark-Sister to
At post
-. >- SEVEXTH KACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; conditions; purse $400.
Horse, »ite. weight, j St. Vn I *A Btr. Fin. ! Jockeys.
Vit
Btr.
Fib.
CV.S ■allo. 4 304 2
705 lUpliael, 5....... 11l 7
«>:8 IkeL,4 107 3 :
«53 Normandie. 5 109 4
"11 ißodesrap, 4 104 5
• -■ jPolaski. 5.... MIB 10 :
: j -97 l.aur« 1 . 3... .:.".. 91 .S
679 Illal hlhl r. a 11l 1
«46 jTrappraa,- 3 '.'96 9
6-3 ! Hed Bird, S 108 11
-..- Ibir Edward, 4... .107 12
j£3 jSinbad, a ....108 6 ■
'2 5
: I)
l\
10 1
1 Ili
11 10
9 2
12
! 81
.1 1 <
7 -
3h
4 "
6
9
&
i. 3 ■
11
H ■
||
10 '
12
2 '2
3h
5 2
7
8
6h
; 4 •£
9
10
12
11
1 h ;
2 2
33
4h
5 1
6 h
7 h
84
9h
10 4
11
12
i
Garner .„...........:..; «'
Keating;.... .." ! 15
Pignott 5'
J.Ch0rn........ 6
M. Hrrgen ."... 115
Castro...'... I 30
('.Slaughter 6-5
Knnna. ..'.;... ! 30
McC1ain.....:...... 20
i Coady..... .......... 1 5-2
Ru55e11............;.:..'. 30
Golden ..... ,\ .... .\ . . . . . 60
5
30
7
6
10
30
6-5
75
60
4
100
100
•art. Won driviug. Winner, J
«■ l.me, l:0«-' 4 .
J. Robbing ch. g., by Littrell-injp. Koyal '
joined by Scimitar, who came fast next
™t "v! 1 ' n u d ln a hard drive was beaten
ou a h ** d by the outsider. -
±ne El Pnmero stable's Jblack horse,
Kh£?°'- Ca r ied niO9t of the' coin in the
short sn-furiong spin, a barrel of monev
memn m ° n hun at 2to 1, but he was la
mentably sut5 ut of form and ran nnplaced.
The second choice, Major Cook, was al-
n >s prom inent and wou easily by three
e -\j Sea s P ay took the place from
Ferr Hartman in a drive.
o j?. hn Robbins' silver-tailed chestnut
gelding Duillo, a 6 to 1 chance in the bet
♦i?L S i was hrst past the judges' stand in
uie last race, a five and a half furlong run,
beating the 30 to 1 shot, Raphael, aliead.
■the favorite, Laura F, was unplaced.
Track and Paddock Items.
Chevalier had his first mount in many
weeks astride the back of Model in the
opening race. He was unfortunate in get
ting left at the post. In the following
event he piloted the favorite, Hy Dy. and
tne ride was not one to eo into ecstacies
over, but the colored lad will probablv im
prove with practice.
Ferguson showed up a trifle rusty after
his two weeks' rest. He let a couple of
! good breakaways get by him at the post in
the second race, finally dropping the flag
to a straggling start. "His handling of the
, starting-gate was also inferior to that of
i .Mr. de Lopez, its introducer.
| Tod Sloan should have been heavily
| fined for gettine left at the post on Peter
the Second. When the barrier was raised
I the other starters went away to a pretty
i start, but it did not suit the fastidious Mr.
j Sloan and he loitered behind. It has
| always been a habit of Sloan's, and if
; boys are not willing to accept an even
: break they should go at some other busi
-1 ness. In the opening race both Chorn and
I Sloan endeavored to get a running start,
I which eventually ended in the webbing be
j ing carried away. This running start busi
i ness is an injustice to the other boys rid-
I ing in the race who have their mounts up
1 to the webbing, and the starter should see
l that the malefactors are punished.
Expecting a decision either favorable
; or adverse to their interests within the
I coming two days, many of the poolroom
i proprietors closed their resorts yesterday.
! One downtown room received the results
of the fifth race wrong and paid off on
Trix. One uptown joint had Hidago as
the first horse in the mile and a furlong
event and cashed tickets on the black
; horse.
Rev del Bandidos demonstrated in his
; race yesterday that the get of imp. True
Briton can go the route as well as sprint.
Few if any of the young sires of the coun
try have sprung into prominence as
quickly as this once-despised but now
much-sought-after black horse. His first
i crop of yearlings sold for a mere song, but
: there will be sora« lively bidding when
i any of them again pass* under the auc
j tioneer's hammer. His owner, R. D. Led
gett, will ship uim to Sacramento in the
near future, where he will stand a season. |
The false price of 10 to 1 was laid acainst j
Little Clippie during the betting on the
third race. H. Martin had the mount and
the "smart set" in the ring of course sup
posed him a "dead one" aud took liberties
with the brown golding.
St. Brandon pulled up lame after his last
I run at Ingleside and again at the conclu
sion of yesterday's race. This no doubt
accounted for his poor showing.
Pf he fallacy of plunging on a horse the
Mat time out that has been enjoying along
vacation was again demonstrated in the
i case of Rebellion yesterday. Fast workouts !
I are not equal to one cood run as those who !
| backed the chestnut can testiiy.
; The probable starters in the four- mile !
; Thornton stake are: Gilead 117, Claudius '
117, Service 118. imp. Star Ruby 100, April '
, 116, Anindel 117, Fred Gardner 117 and
Janus 118.
The California Jockey CJub announced
; through the press that the interior pool
j rooms would be in receipt of no informa
tion from the Bay District Track during
j the meeting now in progress. The Sacra- I
; memo poolroom enjoyed an excellent tele
, graphic service yesterday and did a good >
j business. Some compacts are easilv j
I broken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
FIGURES TELL A STORY.
The Union Pacific's Financial
Showing Under . Govern
ment Control;
EIGHT MILLIONS NET PROFIT.
Railroad Men Assert That the Central
Pacific Could Be Made to
Pay as Much. .
i.V-'JVj v ■•'■•-'■;
Apropos of C. P. Huntington's fight for
the refunding bill and his claims that the
Central Pacific so far has not been oper
ated with profit, some local raiiroad men
(not Southern Pacific officials) point to
the dispatch in yesterday's Call, giving
the earnings of the Union Pacific for the
past year.
The dispatch tells the following interest
ing story : ;;Vi v
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 19.-The Union Pacific
December statement for the whole system
shows gross earnings of $1,872,868, increase
5163,295; net $674,2;}3; increase, $224,544,
Kor twelve months: (iross earnings, $22,350,
--404; decrease, $821,326; net, $8,304,607: in
crease, $1,861,802.
This shows that while the gross earnings
decreased over three-quarters of a million,
the net earnings increased more than one
million and three-quarters. Railway men
declare that only pood economical man
agement could ever produce such results,
and they regard it as'so much evidence of
what can be done when the Government
assumes control of a railroad.
Tue Union Pacific under its old manage
ment was a financial failure; it could not
pay its debt to the Government, and had
to go into the hands of a receiver. Now it
is able to make an extraordinary showing
financially, and in the face of compara
tively dull times present a most encourag
ing annual statement to tbe Nation.
Nearly $h,U00,000 clear profit in the last
year, which everybody will concede was
not a particularly prosperous one, is taken
by men who understand railroading as
positive proof that the Pacific railroads
are not bankrupt propositions. On the
contrary these same railways are really
profitable enterprises, which under honest
and able management could pay hand
somely, in fact enough to } ay Government
debts from year to year out of the surplus
profit after paying interest on bonds, etc.
The showing for 1895 was discussed by
local railroad men yesterday. Cine of them
made a comparison through Poor's Kail
way Manual. This gave the gross earnings
of the Union Pacific system for 1894 as
$22,319,144 41, net earnings $(j,310,273 83
and the surplus $5,603,007 25.
"Under the receivers' management the
Union Pacific system has proved a mag
nificent business proposition," he said.
"Some unprofitable lines were lopped off,
unnecessary expenses cut down, and with
wise views of managing the system a grand
showing has been made. Without most
its branch lines the Union Pacific is the
breadwinner of the country.
"In the first place the gross earnings
lacked nearly a million dollars of the vear
before. Tiaat may have been due to "dull
times- and a contracted business, but here
we see the net earnings have run away up.
Now how can any one account for that? I
wonder;how old Uncle Collis would ex
plain those figures, do you? The Union
Pacific cut off ali its bloo'dsucsers and the
expenses tnat somehow grew from year to
year with the Pacific railroads— the same
exactly as are still allowed to remain in
the Central Pacific.
"Talk about railroad business not pay- i
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In recps whrre the liorses Lave do record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance aresiven.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; 1., furlong; •, about.
FIRST BACE— Five furlongs: selling; non-wiuners in 1895-96.
Index. '
Name.
- | Best I . I
Lbs record, j Dist. Lbs
Tk.
i
658 Big Chief 99 no rec ! W. O'B. Macdonogh Apache-Flora
64_> Playful 102 ........ ;. ... P.Archibald iJiro Brown-imp. Fun
■09 Japan. 99jno rec M.T.Donovan Linden-Ell See Kss
639 Landlord 109 no rec T. Robbins Longfellow-imp. Manzanita
621 'Hazel D 89 jn o rec. B. Sehrelber eO . Kenney-Flltaway
621 Peixotto.. 103 norer. .-. j.... K.W.Roberts Imp. Brutus-bv Kelni'e
to- J? u .^ e^ v " iS "iJn« - ••• • !■■•■ O. Apple by Duke Norfolk-Edna K
59, fcallie£:alvert...!lO6 Mrs. Goddard...;... I Jim Oore-MoUle Pateben
650 Duchess. ;. -89 no rec J.C.Humphrey.... Ed Corriican-Charlotie
675 Crackajack......! 108 1 no rec. I.J.Rogers Winters- Ida O' Veil
Bl'O Valparaiso 102) j Rev Alfonso stable. Imp. Cheviot- Varona
705 Huntsman...... 106 ... ! |P. Herzoj; Prince Norfolk-Haidee
b39 Currency 106 ........ p. HlKlreth ......... Imp. Oreenback-Acquito
bP3 GeorgeC 97|no rec J. Uarrit'y Bramble-Lad v Lou-
-380 Moran.; 92 no rec. Z.Abrahams.....;. I Patten-Ladv Forrest
tUS Rapido 102 no rec E.Kaufman Cyclone-Ny'anza
b39 Leila 5... . . 106|........ . ...... .. .... A. 11. Epos Irp.nwood-jennle Mack
SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-oids.
Index.
Name.
I Best 1
Lbs record . Disl.
Lbs Tk.
Whirlwind 107 noiec
The Roman 110 no rue.
710 iGreyborst 101 uorec.
(710).GreenFlambeau 110; :51Vi V2 m
715 Ixly Laurel wood 101 no rec
710 Ked Panther... 101 no rec.
698 Orseno 104 no:ec..>
(698) Caspar 113 :51 V& ni
687 -seven Up 101 no rec
Lady Hurst 107 no rec..' :
; Westchester sable. El Kio Kev-Blizzard
Klmwood stk farm, i loip. Bniuih-Bi-anty
F.l Primcro s able.. Ip.Marti'nhurst-HlnSrratrh
98 F. . C. J. Quinn.. F!aml)eau-imp. Queen Boss
Laurel wood stable.. Duke of Norfolk-Xi-ilson
j Odell stable Three Cheers-Ktta W
I- 11. Shields Oiionilasa-N'pttie Beatrice
111 F. . Burns.* Waterhouse St. Androw-Cusine
J. Robhins lmp.falvado.s- Virginia Dare
i . . . ■!.... William Napier. ... Imp. Manenhurst-C'neerf ul
THJKD RACK— aeven ftirlopga: selling: light welter-weights; inside course.
I
iDdex. ,
Name.
I ! Best 1
Lbs record. i
Dist.
I I
Lbs Tk.
Pedigree.
64, Billy McCloskey.. 115 l:47Mi : " 3 /2 i 112 H.. Pleasa-t HiU stable.. Joe Hookfr-Jp 3s ie R
693 Adlos.. 108 no rec C. K. Murray... Ip. Pirate Penzance^Jps*
647 M0de5t0.......... 123 1:14 *6 f 101 Fa. Woodlawn stable....: I-fv.inr \li-Vl4|'a
381 V? ivia - 118 1:15 6f 130 F... J. O. Bayley Erapr Norfolk -Doilv L
628 My Sweetheart... 118 1:051,4' 5f 99 H. W. H. schooler Maj! Ban-Li bb.-rlinibbet
647 Moss Terry.. 123 1:091-2 si> f 126 F... J. 81ue...; Povvhattan-7
646 . ecision 110 1:38^4 It 106|H.. M. T. Donovan ...... Imp \Vacner-Fle*a
609 S«liBbury II 116 1:02- •' 5f ; 85JF... Burns «fe Waterhouse Racine-imp Flirt
695 Nellie 0...V 1211:3H/2 7f 98 Fa. < K. Morris & C0.... Samcson-Unknovvn ■
699 City Gir1..... 108 l:08v£ 5y 3 f 91 F.. T. F0x.;.... lp.Tradf>Wlnd-M?,Uetoe
b'i'i jAlexls 126 1:44 a 1m . 97 F.. . Garden Citv stable. Arpyle-Frisa °
KOFKI H RACE— six furlongs, for mares.
i
Index.
- . Beat , . ••■• • - ~ " "~-
Index. Kame. Lbs record.: DUt. Lbs Tk. ' > Owner. .-■■ PediKrre. ■ ••-
In}, lo<l< ' l •• — ••"■-••. }0i 1:0784 : 51 '2 f 105 F... California stable Imp. Sir Modred-tivnsv
™2 Fortnna. •• ,107.1:40 7V 2 f 10t H-. Knclno stable ■ Imp. Brutus- Viola ifea
716 Belle stonewall. 104 1:18 *6 1 ..; lfM) H... W. B. sijnk ....'. fpendtbrlft-Mis, x« fer
1886 BDWBMM 107 1:13% Bf 90 F... W.Th0mp50n........ Ip: Che^ot-Beis iliannon
68| Arnette 104 1:22 6V a f| »8 F... Garden City stable... Imp. Midlothlan-F lena
tH A f rica 104 1:OS% 5f !98 H.. C. H.Durkee.. ....... : Red Iron- Lou E ? tnen& •
■I™ ,V ie L? H -..- 107 1:13 / 6f • ■ ,107 F... Lawrence stock farm John Hanpv-
ZfJ " ! « h1 fnd........ 117 l:16i/ 2 6 f 106 H.. B. 5ehre1ber.......... Col. Hepburn-Kdna
708 Wheel Fortune. 114 1;278j 7if 105 F... J.Harvey..... uano-Jennie B
Name.
Beat
1 Lbs record .
FIFTH RACE-Tbree and a half furlongs; two-year-oMs.
Index.
"'7l6'
641
Jerildero 107 no rec .
Lost Girl 107 no rec :
Alma Dale 101 no rec i
Diabliia 101 no rec
Rienzl 110 no rec
D. J. Tobin Uo no rec
JeseßartitDavis 107 no rec
Tortoise 110 no rec j
; Claudia T 107
! ; Best ! " ~
Lbs record. Dist. j Lbs Tk.j Owner. Pedigree.
107 ; no rec ; w. Karp t JRathbone-Miss M..|bo~u7nT*
10, no rec > MarUnAMcCinDeli Sobninte-bv Tyrant
101 no rec I ! Neil <fe Coney Ip. Midlothian-T.ady LeinsT
101 no rec 'Nevada stable Joe Hooker-Oxilla M
110 no rec P. Mitchell Tyrnm-Kieetricrv
110 no rec D. J. Tobin Imp. Cyrus-imp. Getaway
107 no rec .... D. J. Tobin Uacine^Bessie Hooker
110 no rec E. Powe Brown Fox-Tnrquoise
10 - I !— | — ; T. Fox ;Flambeau-Pre..ious
' 7l"6"
•— ••
.......|
H RACE— Five furlonps:
in 1896-96.
655
615
626
"658"
602
■ : ! Best
Name. Lbs record.
Nettie 1>.......'. 97 no rec.
Fond Hope 107 ..;.....
80rdeaux......; 108 ........
George Boohert 108 no rec.
Marford 107 ......„'
Harry 0 ..:..'.. 93 no rec.
Chin00k......... 102 ........
Sophie D 100 no rec.
Loughmorf- 110 no rec.
Little Frank.... 106 .....;..
Geo. Dicjcensou. 109
GeroninVo. :....: 99 no rec.
Clar» N ......... 106 ........
R05a1ie..... ..... 108 ...... . .
Name.
i
::::::::i
i I
.... |
••••
:••:
•-•
....
fk.
1 ....
I
\"."\
H. Pope !
M. Schwartz...... ••
T. J. floche !
Man Bonhert I
M. Lane !
F. O'Kourke :
William Dixon j
G. Stagg
KSloper
T. Lewis
Vicl stable ;
J. Walsh I
J. A. Ureer
■I. Urace
Owner.
i Apache- Virsie II
Joe Hooker-False Queen
Imp. Mariner-Eufaula
j Reveille- Sadie
Glen Klm-by George Wlikes
Imp. Trade Wind- Dolly 8
Imp. Blackbird 11-churny
Ked Iron-by Jim Douglass
Uncas-imp. Pauline
Splnnins-Fannic Hunt
Gin Dudley- Jack Miur Mare
Apache-Madeline
UuWe -Vorlolk-byJoellooker
Imp. Marlncr-Rosv
...
:....
....
....
••••!
....
1
.....
!
!
-•
— •
........I
....l
1....!
B. G. HASKELL ACCUSED.
TV. H. Young, a Former Client, Is Try
ing to Have Him Dig
barred.
W. H. Young, a former client of Burnet
G. Haskell, has instituted proceedings to
have him disbarred. He says Haskeil baa
$1000 which belongs to him and he can find
no way in which to get it.
Haskell was Young's attorney in a suit
against the Southern Pacific Railroad for
$20,000 damages. Younir says that while
the case was pending Haskell compromised
for $1000. but no part of the $1000 has ever
found its way to the pockets of the dam
aged. Haskell wag prosecuting the case
j ing. ThinK of it— a business paying nearly
: $9,000,000 in a year in those times! Why
j that road can" easily pay its debt to the
Government. It is my honest opinion
tbat the Central Pacific could do the same
— provided there were no directors and no
way of getting away with the earnings.
! The Central and Union Pacific roads are the
main artery of commerce and travel from
one side of the continent to the other.
You could not drive people off them with
a club. Every plot "and scheme to the
contrary to divert passenger or freight
business over other routes the Central road
will always get the best share of transcon
tinental business. You can't keep people
i off the route.
"This showing is an object lesson to the
Central Pacific and to riie United States
Government. The Central Pacific can
make just as good a showing. No doubt
its earnings are just as heavy. But they
are financiers — out of sight.
"Two and tivo make one over in that
shop."
The speaker stood on Montgomery street
opposite the Southern Pacific head offices
across the street, and he indicated the
"shop" with a wave of his hand.
"The Union Pacific, as everybody knows,
j went into the hands of a receiver, and four
! other receivers were appointed to act with
I him. Buc the system is managed by
! S. H. H. Clarke, the aolest living railway
j manager. He was raised by Gould in the
I business on the Missouri Pacific, and when
! Gould got an interest in the Union Paciiic
Clarke became vice-president of the Union
Pacific. Later he was made president.
He is senior receiver. Associated with
* him are Oliver \V. Mink, E. Ellery Ander
! son, John W. Doane and Fred C.'Coudeft,
| three of them representing the United
States Government.
"Under their cuntrol the bloodsuckers —
that is the small feeders — have been lopped
off, operating and other unnecessary ex
penses reduced considerably and the road
! has been pat upon a paying basis. The
! Denver and Gulf Road, Denver and Fort
: Worth and local lines in Colorado and
■ Kansas have been dropped, and the Union
Pacific depends upon itself, with the result
: that it has proved itself to be a splendid
! property. There are no directors now, nor
i side schemes to be utilized in avoiding div
. idends and payment of debts to the Gov
| ernment, so the Union Pacific is paying.
"Now, suppose the same rules were ap-
I plied to the Central Pacific, the funding
i bill would not be heard of, for tne profits
• would more than pay debts, interest and
j fixed charges."
A DISPUTE ENDED.
. Little Sophie Fawson Is Adopted by-
Mrs. Nicklaisen.
Quite a controversy has been raging
round the question of who is to own little
i three-and-a-half-year-old Sophie Fawson,
; but matters were settled to the satisfac
i tion of all parties yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. K. Nicklaisen of Fruitvale, who
■ had brought the child up from infancy,
; claimed Sophie, but she claimed also some
; remuneration for continuing to keep her.
j The father, who lives in Portland, declared
j that if he nad to pay for Sophie's educa
tion, he preferred to have her near him, and
] at Mr. Fawson's request the Society for
i the Prevention of Cruelty to Children "took
I the cnild and placed her in the Infants'
■ Shelter, preparatory to shipping her to
! Portland.
Mrs. Nicklaisen finally offered to adopt
j the child, but General McComb refused to
| give up Sophie without receiving orders to
1 that effect from her father. The message
! tarried and the controversy waxed warm.
I YesterJay afternoon, however, Mr. Faw
j son arrived here from Portland and at
j once consented to Sophie beinj; adopted
'■ by Mrs. Nicklaisen. The papers were
drawn out by General McComb and the
| child was given back to the woman who
; has brought her up, to the general satis
i faction of all parties concerned.
General Richard Lawrence, the last of
the five Lawrence brothers, who distin
guished themselves in India, has died at
Biarritz.
on a 25 per cent contingent, but the re
maining $750 he kept for his own.
Young iirst brought an action for em
bezzlement, but that was killed in the to
lice Court. Then Young procured an in
dictment from the Grand Jury, but that
has never come to trial. A few days aco
he commenced a civil action for the money
and now he wants Haskell disbarred. He
says in his complaint Haskeil has boasted
that he cannot be convicted, and Young
continues that, as he is a resident of an
other State and wishes to get home, he
will try to bring the case up at once under
his latest complaint.
New York has an Irish population of
190,418, the largest of any city in tiie United
States.
DIED IN SEETHING FLAMES
Horrible End of Mrs. Anna M.
Dann in Her Mother's
House.
EXPIRED IN A FEW MINUTES.
The Woman's MotherJ*nd Child Were
in an Adjoining Room at the
Time.
Oakland Office Pax Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 20. )"
Anna M. Danu, a married woman, was
burned to death in the back yard of her
mother's house at 1771 Seward street this
evening.
Without uttering a single scream, the
unfortunate woman apparently fought the
flames in which her clothing was envel
oped, until with heat and fright she suc
cumbed to the destroying flames. "When
taken up the hair and e\ T ery vestige of cloth
ing had been burned from her body, with
th« exception of her garters. Her body was
cruelly seGrched from head to feet, and in
many places actually charred. So far as
can be learned, the fearful accident all oc
curred within five minutes.
The victim's mother and blind sister
were in the house at the time, only twenty
feet away, but they were not aware of the
occurrence until neighbors informed them
that there was a fire in the rear of the
house. The fire was Ihe burning of the
mother, who, a few minutes' previously,
had handed her little babe to its grand
mother, while she went into the kitchen.
About a quarter of seven Mrs. Dann pot
up from the dinner-table. She said she
was going into the rear of the house, and
asked her mother to mind her little child
for a few minutes. She gave tbe little one
a kiss, its final caress, and went through
the door toward the kitchen. There are
two rooms between the dining-room and
the kitchen, and Mrs. Dann passed them
both and was heard in the kitchen.
About five minuie3 later Mrs. Morrison
heard the neighbors shouting, and from
their words she understood the house was
on fire. She went to the back door, and
two or three people met her and told her
that her daughter had been burned to
death in the back yard, a few feet from the
smull stoop. A little later the remains of
her dead daughter were carried into the
house from which she had emerged but a
few minutes previous a cheerful woman.
One of the neighbors named Jacob Col
burn saw the flames encircling the burning
woman, from a few houses distant. When
he saw her she was placing her hands to
her head to protect her face fiom the
flames. Colbmrn gave the alarm, and by
the time he had arrived in the yard where
the woman was, she had falJeu to the
ground and was dead, and her clothes
were in ashes. No one could offer any
explanation of the affair, and as soon as
an attempt was made to reach the woman
it was at once seen that life had fled.
The unfortunate woman's husband was
sent for, and when he arrived he tried to
rind some cause for his wife's catching fire,
but he discovered nothing. Mr. Dann is a
livery-stable keeper, whose place of busi
ness is on Ninth street, between Clay and
Jefferson. He said his wife was cheerful
enough when he saw her in the afternoon,
and he waa unable to account for the fatal
accident.
An examination of the kitchen and back
. yard was made by Deputy Coronor Quellin,
] but nothing could be found that would
i tend to throw any light on the tragedy.
I There was no lamp missing that might
I have exploded, and no open stove was in
I the kitchen at which her clothes might
. have caught fire. Gas is burned all over
■ the house and there was no coal oil around
! that might have started the flames. A
j careful search was made of tbe ashes of tbe
clothing, but there was not the slightest
indication that the clothing had been
saturated with oil and not the faintest
smell of any such substance could be de
tected. Dr. Kitchings was at the l>ouse a
few minutes after the unfortunate victim
was carried in from the back yard.
"Mr3. Dann was dead as soon as she was
picked up,' said the doctor. "And lam
positive that there is not the slightest
reason known for her catching fire. She
j has been my patient for two years, since
j her little boy was born, and on my advice
i she tftent to her mother's to spend a few
I days.
'"'From all that I can learn, and I have
• thoroughly investigated the circumstances,
■ Mrs. Dann's ciothing probably caughtlire
jin the kitchen and she then* ran out into
I the yard. There she tried to subdue the
i flames, but they overcame her, and after
| becoming unconscious tiie remainder of
I her clothing waa destroyed. She might
I have stepped on a match or in some unac
i countable manner she might have caught
[fire at the kitchen s»ove, but there is
nothing to indicate how or where the ac
cident originated. From the appearance
of her clothing and her body it is certain
that she must have been in the flames
fully six or seven minutes. That she did
not scream is a mystery, and that she did
not is proved by the fact that i er mother,
who was only twenty feet off, did not hear
anything. It is certainly the most re
markable case I have ever met with."
When the flames were seen some one
turned in an alarm of fire and the depart*
ruent responded, only to be informed that
a woman had been burned to death in the
middle of a thickly inhabited community,
and that it had not been discovered till
she was dead. '
Mrs. Dann was married to iTer husband
about five years ago. She was almost 38
years of age. Previous to her marriage
she taught school at Lovelock, Nev., for
several years, where she was widely
known and highly respected. The Coro
ner will try and discover some origin for
her death at an inquest to be held to
morrow.
ASSOCIATION ROAD RACE.
List of Handicap* and Officials for the
Twenty- Five Mile Event
To-Morrow.
R. A. Smyth, the official handicapper of
the League of American Wheelmen in
California, has completed his allotment of
time allowances to the various starters in
the twenty-five mile road race of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs, to be held
at San Leandro to-morrow. The handi
caps are by minutes or fractions thereof
and are as follows:
William Goodman, Henry Newman, G. W
Thomas, F. G. Thomas, J. E. Scou, C. S. My
rick, 10 minutes; F. V. Hanson, 9}:^; H. B. Wil
liams, John Green, James Van l»yne, Albert
Scheib.A. O. Ortion, G. 8. Gaug. T. Hornun?
Fred Sinaei), 9; W. 0. Klotz, H. L. Mayo, Ed
Langer, R. Robinson. &}4; E. J. Smith, F. C
McKinstry, L. T. Olson, A. Thiesen, C. \V. Con
ger, B. 0. Baynaud, F. L. Tliiel, 8; J. A. Cly
mer, 1%; 1. J. Galindo, A. P. Bwain, William
Greaves, James Wall, T. Boyd, H. V. Ready
H. A. Goddani, R. B. Irones, 7; T. Schleuter'
G. W. Bell, M. J. O'Brien, G. W. Tantau, G. E.'
Kroetz. 6&; G. J. Culhane, J. R. Kenna, R. P.
Aylwurd, henVy Hutchinson, W. T. Pratt. T.-O
Evans, A. Schwall Jr.,6; A. H. Aenew, W. h'
Haley, s>i; A. B. Pit-sard, A. T. Smitn, G. H.'
Crafts, V. A. Benson, E. J. Gilbert, R. H. Ham
monds, 5; Emil Languetm, B. 11. El ford, E. A.
Bozio, H. W. Squires, 4^; A. J. Menne, C. SJ
Smith, A. S. McDougau, 4; T. S. Hall, A. M.
Boyden, L. S. Leavitt, P. M. Lefevre, 3'>; F L
Day, 3; G. M. Hamlin, J. E. Wing. M. V. Rose
G. A. Nissen. 2'.^; T. lialloii, 2; T. A. Griffiths'
l}j; 11. Downinc. 1; Willidin Yeoman. F. A
McFarland, P. U, Byrne, J. E. Edwardß, Charles
S. Wells, scratcn.
The handicapping throughout shows
careful, conscientious work, and there
surely will be no complaints on that score.
There should be a great contest among the
scratch men, as some of the fastest road
riders on the coast as on that mark. T. S.
Hall of the Bay City Wheelmen is entered
but will be unable to ride as he is ill.
There will be a great race from the six
minute mark between H. V. Ready and H.
A. Goddard of the Bay Citys. A great
deal of rivalry exists oetween these two as
to which is the faster road rider.and to-mor
row's race is looked to to decide the ques
tion. T. A. Griffiths, with a \y 2 minutes'
handicap, will make a fast race of it. He
won the event three years ago from the 12
--minute mark. G. M. Hamlin, holder of
the world's five-mile road record, and J. E.
Wing, winner of time-prize in the big 10
--mile race last year, have 2)4 minutes hand
icap. The race is a hard one owing to the
distance and will try the endurance of the
best men. The coarse to be ridden over is
in splendid condition, and if the weather
remains fair it is expected the event will be
the best ever held by the association.
The officials who will serve at the race
are as follows:
Eeferee— Harlow H. White.
Judges— J. B. Lamkin.G. C. C. ; F. H. Kerri
gan, B. C. W.j £. B. Jerome, R. A. C. ; C. A.
Adams, O. C. \V.; W. H. Tooker, I. C. C.J J. W.
Harvey, C. C. C; Sol Peiser, S. F. R. C; G. F.
Neece, A. C. W.
Timers— George P. Wetmore, E. C. W ; J. S.
Lewis, S. F. R. C; T. W. Sharni. A. C. \V. : J.
Kitchen Jr., A. C. W. ; George H. Strong, Ji. A.
<. ; H. D. Hadenfeldt, O. C. W. ; S. Bailey, 8. J.
R. Oi
Starter— De-.vitt Van Court, Acme.
Clerk— J. F. Hancock, B. C. W. Assistants—
W. L. Geldert, O. C. W. ; \V. I. Pixley. S. F. R. C
Scorers— C. >\ Ravlin. O. C. \V. ; C H. Weed
a f R. C. ; E. Unger.O. C. \V. ; T. F. Egan. I. C.
C. ; H. H. Cosgriff, O. C. W.j J. D. Cardinell, C.
--. C; W. O. Johnson, C. C. C. ; H. W. dpaldiug,
Marshals— Chief, R. L. Long, B. C. W .; Georee
Brouillet, A. C. W. ; J. H. Wright, A. C. W • T.
W. Flanagan, P. C. C; H. Oeinze, W. C. C; J.
O'Malli'y, S. F. R. C. ; J. V. Dawson, I. C. C : F.
McCarthy, I. C. C. ; E. J. Hugby, a.c. ; G. w
Burnett, C. C. C: T. B. Kobbms, C. C C. ; F
Musser, C. C. C: K. Boyd, O. C. \\\; T. G. Spil
lage, O. C. W. ; \V. J. Ferguson, O. C. W.
Umpires— Chief, John Burke, C. C. C. ; F. S.
Hoyt, A. (". ; Andy Bucualena, P. C. C.J Frank
Lowe, W. C. C; William finigau, A. C. W. : O.
R. Sterling, S. F. R. C.
Jn selecting officials it is customary to
divide the honors among the various clubs
belonging to the association. This has
been done in the present instance, wiih
the exception of the Olympic Cyclers, one
of the largest clubs, who have been
slighted in this respect. The oversight
was probably unintentional . however.
WANT STREETS SPRINKLED
The Merchants' Association
Addresses the Board of
Supervisors.
A More Efficient System of Keeping
Thoroughfares in Order Deemed
Necessary.
At last night's meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
the matter of the proper care of streets
was given a monopoly of attention. F. W.
Dohrmann, president of the board, occu
pied the chair.
The firm of Dodge. Sweeney & Co.,
Lievre, Fricke <fc Co., Miller, Sloss <fc Scott
and the Union Ice Company were ad
mitted to membership in the association.
The committee on street-cleaning re
ported that in general the streets had been
satisfactorily swept, but recommended
tnat the operation be performed more fre
quently on certain portions of Devisadero,
Fulton, Grove. Fell, Clementina and Teha
ma streets. As to Van Ness avenue, an at
tempt will be made to secure the employ
ment of a special crew, whose duty it
shall be to sweep that thoroughfare at
least three times a week, the present
weekly sweeping being regarded altogether
insufficient. Complaints were also made
as to the present system of sprinkling
streets. Public money for the purpose
was said to be in the City treasury, but the
citizens were paying individually for
sprinkling. Several large property-owners
were reported to have expressed a deter
mination to discontinue all special pay
ments for street sprinkling and let the
dust fly until the City should mak« the
requisite provision for a systematic
sprinkling system.
After some discussion upon the subject
the board adopted a set of resolutions, to
be embodied in a communication to the
Board of Supervisiors, urging some action
in the matter. The resolutions were as
follows:
Resolved, By the Merchants' Association of
San Francisco and the 825 representative busi
ness firms of this City, who within three days
signed the petition sent to your board on the
Ist inst., that we earnestly request your honor
able board to advertise at ouce for bids for
street-sprinkling.
Rcsohrd, That in the nane of the taxpavers
of San Francisco, who have already paid in
the last levy their pro rata of increased taxes
tor sprinkling the public streets, we protest
against paying again for this work.
Raso'.vcd, That we hereby enter our deter
mined protest against any proposed diversion
to any other pumoee of the specific funds set
aside and now available for sprinkling the
public streets of this City.
Resolved, That under present conditions we
will no longer bear the unequal and unjust
burden of a private tax for sprinkling public
street*, and hereby respectfully notify your
honorable board that the entire "responsibility
must be borne by you in case no sprinkling is
hereafter done.
Resolved, That these resolutions, duly certi
fied, be forwarded at once to the clerk of tae
Board of Supervisors and an official copy be
delivered to each member of said board.
Resolutions were also adopted whereby
the association pledged itself to meet and
co-operate with several other societies in
a convention to be held Marcn 3, in whish
convention the question of public hi™h
ways will be considered.
A communication, signed bv a number
of leading merchants, recommended that
tbe public school vacation commence on
July 1 of each year, and not in the middle
of June, as at present. The existing sys
tem is said to cut into the summer season,
causing more or less inconvenience in
business circles. Another communication
stated that a majority of the leading busi
ness house? had determined to close their
doors on Washington's birthday. Loth
communications were placed on tile. Be
fore adjournment the president announced
that at the association quarterly meeting
in March the proposed charter would come
up for consideration. It is understood
that the association is in favor of the char
ter.
A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
George Moran, an Ex-Convict, enlivens
the Proceedings in Judge C'on
lan's Court.
George Moran, an ex-convict, was the
cause of enlivening the proceedings in
Judsje Conlan's court yesterday morning
by making a desperate attempt to regain
bis liberty.
Wednesday afternoon Moran stole a hat
from a buggy which was standing in froDt
of Gruenhagen's confectionery store, 22
Kearny street. Policeman J. H. >Jynn
arrested him and Moran dropped the hat.
As Flynn stooped to pick it up Moran
drew a razor out of his pocket and made a
slash at Flynn's neck. Moran ran along
Geary street pursued by Flynn, who over
took him at Grant avenue. * He was taken
to the California-street station and
charged with petty larceny and assault to
murder.
He had just been placed in the dock
yesterday morning with the other prison
ers when he sprang over the iron railing
and made a dash for the door. Policemen
Behan and Boyd rushed after him and
caught him as he collided with a citizen
who was entering the courtroom. He
struggled fiercely to get away, but was
overpowered and manacled. He was sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail
for stealing the hat, and held to answer
before the Superior Court in $1000 bonds
for assault to murder.
About a year ago Moran made a similar
attempt to escape from Judge Low's court
room. He jumped out of ttie dock and
through the open window and was climb
ing over the parapet to jump to tne court
yard when Policeman Wallace grabbed
him.
NEW TODAT.
It ain't a bit .surprising to
see people standing four
and live abreast in the big
Hat Department any day in
the week and at any hour .
of the day, much to the
hatters' chagrin — to
your profit and pleasure.
The Big Store. doe3 the hat
business of the town. It *
sells the most fashionable
hats, the newest blocks, the
cleverest goods at the tiniest
prices, and that's why it
does the hat business of the
town.
The picture above shows
, you the Tourist," our very
newest in a soft hat ;
awfully clever. It comes in
Otter, Silver Gray, Havana
Brown and Black. Hatters
hold the same hat at $2.
At the Big Store, in its Big
Hat Department, at
-95c-
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
The Frisco Boys,
9,ll,l3,lsKearnySt
jy^&L People
mum Have
'^w Learned '
THAT, 114 BICYCLES, THE LIST PRICE
DOES NOT ESTABLISH GRADE.
S——* The policy of this Co. is
"Live and Let Live." The
WAVERLEY is sold for $85,
and at the same time is
guaranteed te be the high-
est of all high grades.
CATALOGUE FREE. AQINTJ WANTED;
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. S. CONWELL. Manager,
18 and 20 McAllister St., S. P.
S ROYALTY couldn't ride a t
a more perfect wheel than the 5
IMONARCH
A It's the Kin? of Bicycles. Royal #
\in every line and feature^^—--^^ A
\ < modelj. $S0 and $101, fnlly y^^SS!^^^. A
$ guaranteed, for children /ißß^\t
j. i»e11 ni.re i sTiidc in % J^SB^wSkKK^V
w modeu. «40. $00, $ho. its. HT QMHiifQir
Send for Uoauch book. ■ ■ — lj*BE£frgfßfil ■
J Monarch Cycle Mfg.Co.sf*SH|S^^^o
0 3 and 5 Front St., \fim Wfjff
/ S b| cvcles m \
\ lsl R c ET ST * MM
B™™.-j»m— ■— mki^— ■■ i inn rr
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary aua
tertiary, cases of blood disease. No case la-
curable. New cases cured iu two weeks. Con*
suitatiou aud lull information free. ♦
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Hoom 1, 633 Market St. San Francisco.
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123*129 EDDY ST.,
HAS CHANGED HAITDU, Ni> IS NOW r\.
der new munn:;eni«iit. First-class in all ap-
pointments, with second-class prices. : Kooin and
board 91 a dav and up; rooms wi:bout board SO' a
: day and up. Special rates by week or month. Mea!a
25c. >'rpe bus 10 and from Hotel.
1 GJtIOHGK UlittMij, Proprietor.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI.MMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Micar advanced.
Coffee very dull.
Silver higher.
Wheat very quiet. Barley ditto.
Oats neglected and weak.
Corn Dlentlful and lower.
KveUuli. Buckwheat firm.
Heavy receipts of Flour.
Bran loner.
Hay weak and quiet.
Beans lower all around.
Large arrivals of Potatoes.
Onions in more liberal receipt.
Game unsalable.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Butter unsettled.
Eggs off again. Cheese steady.
Vegetables weak.
Fruits quiet. .
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures '
at station indicate maximum temperature n>r the
<!nyM those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and bondredlhs. ;
during ::;•■ pa^t twelve hours, tsobara, ur solid
lines, connect points of etjual air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The J
word * • 1 -. i u 1 1 " ln^ans huh barometr:e pressure
i- usually accompanied by fair weather; ••low" ;
to low pressure, and 1-- usually preceded nud j
»<companied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" j
usually rir«t appear on the Washington coast. ]
When the pressure is hi^h in tbe interior and low
along the co;«st. and the i-o:>ars extend north and
6outii alone the coast, rain is probable: but when :
the ••low" is isobars of marked curva- |
tore rain south of Oregon is improbable. With a j
'•hiprT' in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
faliins to lbe< -alifornla r<> ; i~!. warmer w< athei may I
be expected in summer and colder weather m win
ter. Ttie reverse of these conditions will produce
hit opposite result.
WEATBEB BUKKAD UEPOKT.
VmißD Btatbb Dkfabtmkn't of Aorhti.
--t: i.K, Wkatrkb I?t"RKAf. Ban Francisco. Feb
ruary .0. 1896, 5 p. if.— Weather conditions and
general force
The following; are thr> seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea- I !
boo: Eureka 24.73, la.t season 31.60: Red Blufl
13.83, last season •-•4.37: s.'in Francisco 12.42, last ' '
eeason 21.6.9: Fre<no 4.09. last season 11.18: >;ui j
Luis Obispo 12.25, last season 22.40: Los Angeles
P. 91. last season 11.67; Ban Diego 2.82, last season
10.16; Yuma .46, last season 2.99.
Ihe following maximum temperatures are re- '
ported from s.atlons in California to-day: Kureka i
— . Fresno SO, Los Angele* 78. Red Blufl 64, Inde
?• ml nee 84, san Diego 72, >an Francisco 68, San .
,nls Obist>o Ynr. 80.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68, !
xninimura 5'J. mean 60. There was no rainfall
during the past 24 boon. ■
The pressure Is IJ«hest ihis evening in Utah and I
Southeastern tdabo, and lowest on the Washing- I
ton roast. .\ moderate Htorm is apparently cen- I
tral in the vicinity of Vancouver Island, which is j
cans!' cloudy weather aloiig the co<-st from Cen- J
tral California northward. It is not believed that j !
this storm is of saffldent intensity to cause rain in .
California, altiionga the conditions are quite !
threatening In tne northern portion of the state.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours i
ending midnight February 21, ISSti.
Northern California— cloudy; cooler in :
the interior Friday; probably light rain on the I
northern coast ; fresh southerly to westerly win. is.
Southern California— Partly cloudy in the north \
jwirtlon. fair in the south portion Friday: cooler in I
the interior of the north portion; light variable
winds.
Nevada, Vtah and Arizona— Generally fair Fri
day.
si n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy anfl some
whit threatening, bur probablv without rain; fre^h
to 1 risk westerly winds.
W". H. AMMQN. Forecast Ofllcial.
KEW VOKK MAKKiriS.
J inamial.
VKW YOT?K, N. Y., Feb. 20.— Business at the
Stock' Exchance was more active to-day, and a
firm tone characterized the dealings from start to
finish. The greatest activity was in the bond de
partment, however, and it is estimated the invest
ment, demand for this class of securities was
heavier to-day than at any time since the publica
tion of President Cleveland's Venezuelan message.
Foreign bouses were large buyers, and brokers
Identified with firms that secured big blocks ot the
new 4s were also prominent as purchasers. The
dealings in railway and miscellaneous bonds were
on an enormous stale, an l aggregated $3,383,000.
he improvement in prices und the buying for
both foreign and domestic investment account is I
due to the successful placing of the new loan, the
restoration of the treasury cold reserve, the ease
with wta ch betterments aiv being made, the low
rates for money, and HnuUy to the strength of the
new bonds, which 10-day sold up to 118. London
was a buyer of St. Louis, Louisville and Nashville
and the low-priced Western stocks. Louisville and
Nashville was the leader, and rose about 2 points I
to 53%. st. Paul rose to 78s. s , Burlington and
Qulncy to 81%, Hock Island to 74, North western '
to 1051/8. Mannattun to 106>,i. Pacific Mail to
29%. Western Union to 86.y>j, Union Pacific to
tsV-t. Wabash preferred to I'Ji/s an-i Denver pre
ferred to 481 .Northern l'a< in.; was a little more |
active on reports that the various interests were
Ke;tmg together lor tlie purpose of reorganizing the
company. ■
The industrials were relerated to the rear and
the chances in them were far '.ess important than
of latr. sugar ranged between 115% and llt>3/ 8
»nd closed at 116. Tobacco rose to 815/ 8 and re
iicted:to 81 V K . Speculation clo-jed strong with'
prices y where from Ito J3/ 8 per e;»t higher than I
yesterday's riDul figures. Total sales were 187,250 '
shares- .
Bond<— Atchlson general fours, when issued, rose I
1 toTJJiA: do adjustment four*, 'J to 491J; North
ern Pa.lric thirds, I*4 to 78; do con.sol lives, 2i/ 8
to 43Vb: do certi«cat«s, 1% ti-v 4S; do collateral
trust sixes, IVi to 87 Va: do v'hlcago and Northern
Pacific fives, \'-y* lo 45i z : Krie second censol cer- i
tiflcales. 1 to".i; Kansas Pacific consol sixes cer
tificates, 1% to 75*£;.i10 seconds. lVito62;do
fours, 1 to 86»/i: a orth west debenture lives of
1921, \U 2 to 109V 2 ; ttt. Louis southwestern sec
ondH. 1 to SI; Texas Pacific Urals, 1 to 88; Union
Pacific sinking fund el?hts. 1% to 9tty .
In Government bonds $58*,000 coupon fours of j
1925 brought 117 s /i@ll3; *54,000 coupon fives i
113Vi'®H3»i. -
tiraln.
FLOUR — Dull, easy. Minnesota patents, $3 35
(fit'S 40- City Mill patents, $4 W.qi* 40: others un
changed. Soutliern lliuir— Unchanged. Ky© rlour—
Quiet, stf adv. Buckwheat flour, $1 2U@l 35.
BI*CK WHEAT— 4O^4Ic.
COKNiIEAL — Dull, steady; yellow Western, '
«2 15fg,'J 20.
KYr.-Nominal.
WHEAT— iJiili, options closinp: firm. No. 2 red,
store and levatcr. 7!<>4c: alloat. bO%c; i. o. b.,
fcOVifablVic; ungraded red, C7<3fc2c; .No. 1 North
ern, 7 4 V<jc.
Options dull, w-esuiHr. closing steady at rV^a-Ar
decline, tO(IOWIB| the West and on local realr/.uf,'.
with trading only local. May and July most active.
No. a red, February, 72*4c: March, 7a>. <:; Mav,
Tlhie; June, 7O'/ 8 c; July, 70%c.
«i)KN-liull, easier. No. 2, 361/fec elevator; 37i-!>c
, afloat.
Options dull and lirm at i/ c advance to i/ 8 c de
cline and without feature. .Mav and Julv only
months traded in. February, 36%c; Mav,'3Ki/H C -
July,37V«c- ' • « , - . ,o .
OATS— fairly active, steadier.
Options uull, unchanged, tirm. February, 253'
Way. V!5y 2 c. Spot prices: No.'.'. 25 W-; No.'.' white
26!>ic; No. 2 Chicago. 26Vac: No. If, 24»/ic: No .i
white. 2534c: mixed Western, 25»A(526J/!C:
white State and Western, 26y 2 ®2BiAc '
' J KKI) BRAS— 6Sc.
Mi UDLINGS-eSft-tiTi/ijC.
BTJB FEED— 6S@7Oc.
I'rovUlona.
BEEF— DuII: family, lO@l2c
BKEF HAMS — $14 50 @ IS; • tierce beef
quiet, steady: city extra India merit, $15@16
--cui meats. s:ead3-. dull, ui.cbanged. :
LAKD— Kasy, quiet; Western steam. 85 70 '
city. $5 16; May, $5 87. . Refined, dull; continent, i
f5 95: S. A., 20; compound. .?4 75.
: — Qulet: mess. $10 50@10 75.
BUTTKK— Fancy, firmer, good demand; State
dairy, B(a.lHi: do creamery. 13@17i£c: Western
dairy, 9V2® 18c: do creamery, IHft42oVjc: do held,
12@ltic; do factory, 8'/ 2 @iivc: Klkliis, iiOVJtC; Imi
tation creamery, ll@15c; rolls. lie
CHEKSK— demand: state, large, 6@10c:"do
fancy, lOi^c: do small, e@l()3-ic; part bkims, 314
®7< ■: full sklniß, i V 3 @,3c.
. i,Ci(*S— i'irm und 111 fairdemand : State andPenn
sylvanlal3i/i@3 3y.c: Southern. 12y I @l2S4c: do
case, $1 76&385: Western, fresh, li;%@l3 l Ac;
limed, case, $2(<u3. ,
TALLOW— Steady; city. 3 13-16c; country, 33-i
@4c. • ' •
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady, better demand:
crude, 21',/2@22c; prime yellow, 26c: do off grade,
25*/>c " - ' ' ■
" RESIN— DuII, steady; strained, common to good,
SI fiOffiJ 6'2V--
TI'KI'KXTIXK- Quiet, steady: 29yi@29s;c.
POTATOKS— Wetk, liberal supply; unchanged.
Unchanged.
MOLAsses— Firm; unchanged.
COFFEE— Steady : unchanged to 5 points down.
March. 12 60(512 65: April. $12 25@1^ 30: May,
*)-J(uJ-05: June, .|ll 85; July, $11 55; Septem
ber. $108O(|)10fl5: December, $10 65. Spot Rio
quiet, steady"; No. 7, lSVic.
SUOAB -Raw, firm, dull: fair refining, 33,4c;
centrifugals, 4@4V 8 c bid; refined, moderately
active, lirm.
1-reit.bts to Liverpool quiet and unchanged.
.Fruit anil I'rocluce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 9'i
@12c.
PLACHES— Unpeeled, 4V>@By2c: peelea, 14
@15c.
NKS-Fonr sizes. sy c
RAISINS — Clusters, $J 25@1 40: do London
layers, 8O@9Oc; <lo loose Muscatel. 4-crown, 4y2@
6c: do 3-crown, 3i/,j@3V 2 c.
ALMOND&— .Soft-shell, 7^j@Sc; do paper-shell,
lKail'.'c.
WALN UTS-Soft-shell, 8y @10c; standaid, 6Vii
@7c.
liul'S— Moderately active; unchanged.
WOOL Quiet; ilrm; unchanged.
Mtsrciiandise.
PIG IRON— Fair demand; unchanged.
COPPER-Quiet. firm. Lake. $10 75@11.
LFAD— Domestic, $3 17y«.
TIN-Quiet; Straits, $13 30; plates, moderately
active. '
tePELTER— Quiet. Domestic, S4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ili., Feb. 20.— The market for
svheat during the morninghours to-day's session
displayed nothing that could be termed important
:>r interesting. Business was extremely light and
the appearance of the trade gave tlie Impression
that both bulls and bears were awaiting something
leflnlte for or against values. The Cincinnati Price
L'urrent, which came to hand before the opening,
save no particutar testimony as to conditions, but
Itated that the present unlooked for cold weatuer
troul 1 not likely cause any serious injury to She j
crowing crop. Liverpool cables quoted an advance j
corresponding with ours of yesterday. Receipts
were moderate, Chicago having 8H cars and tin- ;
Norlhwest 335. Lasl Thursday 384 cars arrived j
in that section and a year ago 34i). Local inspec
tions from store were 56.300 bushels. Export
clearances were nt. 416,484 basbels. - Closing |
Antwerp and Paris cables were lowi r und Berlin ,
higher. Karly buyers offered freely before the.
closo and. prices broke about Vjc. May wheat
opened from 6n«4 to 65s;@65v c. declined to
64" B c, closing at t>4"/g(a:6Sc,.VBC under yesterday.
Es imated receipts tor to-morrow, 54 cars.
CORN— inactive speculative trade in wheat
*as plicated In corn. Prices were suDjected to
changes similar to those of tlie finer grain, but the
movement was less proponnced. The Cincinnati |
Price Current rei orted an enlarging interior move- j
ment of corn probable, and the trade showed aver- j
slon to buying for that reason. Receipts were 240 1
cars and i'S,OOJ bushels were taken from store. j
Liverpool cables were steady and unchanged. Kx- ;
port clearances amounted to 171,803 l)iisht:ls.
May corn opened at bOc, sold between SOVic nnd
29f/gc, closing at 30c, unchanged from yesterday.
Es) In at< receipts for to-morrow, 3: 0 cars.
OATS— Merely reflected the variations of wheat
and corn. No news directly bearing 0:1 this crain
was received and very little business whs trans- <
acted. Receipts were 137 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. May oats closed a shade 1
under yesjerday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 174 enrs.
FLAX — steady; cash, /4 c; May. 9U/ic.
Receipts were 17 cars.
PROVISIONS— An extremely doll market with
an easy tendency to prices were the characteristics
of the provision trade. The hog market opened
weak and lower, but later advices from the yards
were more encouraging to holders. The feeling
Immediately previous to and at the c os<- was
Steady. May pork closed 5c hishor than yesterday,
May lard a shade lower and May ribs unchanged.
Closing I'rices.
WHEAT— February, 625/ 8 c; May, 64%@66c;
July. ti6c.
CORN-February, 28c; May, 30c: Joly. 31c.
OATS— February, ia'*c: Hay. 20vs@ilc: July,
21VgC.
PORK— February, 39 85: May, flOOo; July,
$10 20.
LARD— February, $5 4'J: May, »5 65: July,
$5 70. •
i'euruary, So 05: May, 9b 22y ; July,
«5 32i/ 3 . :
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Im., Feb. 20.— The j
offerings of cattle were large to-day and as buyers j
obtained a good supply yesteruay | prices were I
weak. The supply of ho^fi on .sale was qulto heavy j
ank prices declined sc. There was an active local j
demand for sheep and prices held steady. .
CA IT Li:— Receipt 5.13.00U. Fancy beeves, ?4 40 |
(a ! ril): Choice topnme, 1300 to 1700 pound steers. ■
94-6)4 35; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600
pounds. *3 7.'v,i.:< 95: medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds, S'.i 50(^3 70: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, $8 L'o(Oi3 50; feeders, SOO to 1200 pounds,
i-3 60(g)3 85: BiocKer3. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 611
(g,:i 60; bulls, choice to extra. k3#S 60: cows, poor
to good cannera, *i 50@2 40; veal calves, good
to choice, $6 25'fti 15: calves, common to eood.
$;t o;io,:i 10: Texas fed s'.eers, W 10<ai3 85; Texas 1
bulls, oxen and cows. $S l5(g,M 25.
H.OU3— Receipts. 24.000. tleavv packing and !
shipping lo's. $3 85^4 10: common to choice
mixed, f3 90&4 121^: choice assorted. *4 10(g)
4 20; light, if 3 K>@4 1:0: mtts. <?3 20®4 10.
EEP— Receipts. 14.0U0. . inferior to choice,
f2 50&3 65; lambs, $3 50®4 65.
NEW VOKK sI'OCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on cail has been easy at 3@4%: last
loan a*. 3,'.', atid closed offered at 3'. Prime iner
canlile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 6734c. Mexican ;
dollars. 54yic. blerlins exchange was dull, with :
cci'iul i:Lfiiuess .In DanKers' bills ai $4 86Vi(&4 HtiVj i
for sixty a«ys pnf. $4 87' (d,l 873^ {or demand, j
Posted riiteß. 54 87@4 SBV2- Commercial bills.
S4 ae'vifa,* SB. Government bonds strong; State
bonds steady: ranroau bonds higher. Silver at the
board was firm.
VJ.OMNa STOCKS.
Am Tel <fc Cable.... 92 (Norfolk <t Wei ... 2»/i
Atchlson.. l« 5 /is' Preferred. h
Prelerrea 25 " /8 North American... 634 |
Adams h.xpress...l4B ; Northern PaclHc. 4i /8 1
Altoa.TferreHaute. 58 ■ Preferred ISLj
American Express.llo Nortnweatern 1043
American Tobacco. 81 ' i'reierred 145
Preferred... ....101 N. Y. Central 9»3'
Bav btate Uas" "8% N. Y. Chicago&3.t, ldi/
Baltimore <K Ohio.. 36 I Ist preferred..... «5
iirnnswicK Lands.. ■*A ltd Preferred aai,,
Bufialo. Roch&P. IV2*V V. <fc N. H . . . IPS
Canada Paciiic ... o7y a ,N. \.& New Eng.
Cp.nad» Southern,. bOl^jN. Y. Susq A \V... 9%k
Centon &07/ 8 j Preferred 128
Central i'acinc... IB Ontario. 10V
(ljes.&Obio . . .... 1 • ','« Oiitario &. Western. 55/
Chicago Alton l^ * Oregon Improvmc. "-'',2
Preierrea 170 | Preferred.
Chicago, a. &<4 Oregon Navigation, 10
Chicago «K E. 111... 4 Orcton Short Un». Hi^
Preferred '.< H I'acliic Mall -!':♦
Cblcaeouas ;. tSB V2 P*ona, JJ.it Evans, 3y 8
Cieve Pittsburg.lbO Plttsburg & W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 30 Pullman Palace...
Consolidated <ias..l&7 quicksilver ly 8
C. C. C. <fe St. Louis. is« : "s4! Preferred. 1 ... 1
Preferred b3 Reaaing 133/ 8
Colo. Fuel <t Iron.. 33 • jßioGrande&Westn 16
I'rfeferred 96 1 Preierred......... 44
Cottop Oil Cert IT l'.ock Islano 78*4
commercial Cable. 153 -RomeWat &Ogdenllsy 2
Del. Hudson •.. 12SV» St. L. it S. \V 47' 8
Uel.LacktfcWesternlß-' ! Preferred..: l?i
Denver It. ti 1:^/2 E1.Pau1. .....„..;. 78y 4
Preferred... 4SVg I'reierred lil9iA,
DißtUiers 18»/g Bt. Paul dt Duluth. 27
General Eleotrtc... SlV2' Preferred 9.)
Erie 17i/ B fct. Paul&Omaha* 41
Preferred... '2i •• Preferred 122
For: Wayne 162 ti. P. M. &Hi 109
GreatNorthernDta.llo eiiivtr Ceruncates.. 6i
Cireenisay ..." -yi Southern Ji'acinc... 20
Harlem .;...29 : > . ■•boutnern it. K..... 10y
HockintcCoal S ■ > Preferrea.. 325/ 8
Hocking Vallejr... 17V4>u«ar Rennery...,3l6
Hemestake ;..-.:.' 3*l ' r Preierred ....10i .
U. Texas Cenc. IViTenn. Coal <fe iron. 335/ 8
Illinois Central 9J j Preferred 100
lowa Central :. 9y 2l Texas Pacific 8-«4
Preferred.., .-35 hol.A.A.<t N.Micn. '
Kansas <fc Texas. ISI/4 01. & Ohio cen.... :0 '
l'referred. 29%! Preferrea ..... 66
Kingston i Pem... 3 1 ol.St. Louis K.O. 6
Lake Erie Westa - i Vst Preferred 12
Preferrea......... 74 Union Pacific...... KVr
Lute Shore 145y L'. P.. Den. <ft UulL ty 8
National Lead 7V» U .S. Cordage....... '5i
Preferred 88V 2 Preferred......... 11
l.oug 151and......;. 8- (Guaranteed....... 21
Louisville <fe Nash. £<3y I'. S. Express...... 43
Louisville 9y.. U. S. Leather...... 10"/ R
Preferred .24 ~ 1 Preferred......... 6G" a
Manhattan Cousoi.l 1 ' > Vis L'. 1 . Kuober isß
Wempnis<fc Charls. 16 i '• Preferred. . ....... H5
Mexican central... It |Utlca& B. Rlver..lsl
Michigan Central.. 94y a ' Wab. S. L. <fe Pac.. 7-y
illnn S. Li.. — — ' 1 Preferred :.. 18v»
l'referreo. — iWells-Fareo v-8
Minn. & St, Lconi. 20V2 Western 1 uion 86Vs
Ist preferred 8i .WisCentra. 3 .
2d preferred...... -'9% Wheeling &L. 13.. ll"
Missouri Pacific... 2-fV Preferred.;....... 39
Mobile <* Ohio ' 23-' ; Am Cotton Oil Dfd. P8
Nashville Chatt.... 66 W U B«ef 8 14'
National Linseed.. 19 L I Traction 211,3
K. J. Central 107Va Ann Arbor 12
11' ■« BnVlw.'
U S4s, rec. ....... i097/ 8 M KT2d5. ....;. „ 611L
Do, 4s coupon ... 1 0 j -D0,45.....; 86i
U64snewreg 117%IM.utual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon... 17 '/ 8 N J Cent Gen b5...l 18 ■'
Do. 2s .•..; 95 iNortheru Pao lsts.ll6 '
Do, 6s :..... ll^i.i Do, 2ds HIV4
Do. 6s coupon 113 Vi' Do, S<\b. .......... "'Vs
Cberokefi 4s. 1M 86.100 1 Nortn west Consols. 39
Do, 1897.......... 100 Do.nebßg 108
Do. 1898 .....100 ORAN 15ta......109
Do. 1899......... .100 ißlL*lronMtGens« 80
rncific6sof'Bs.... bt L& S F Gnn 6s. 107
D. C. 3-6 55.... 110 i fct Paul Consols ...137
Ala Class A 4... ...108 tft. P. C. * Pa lst». 11 5 Vi
Do. Class B 4, sa. 1 08 Do. Pac Cai Ist ft.. 11l
.LaC0n50145........ 99 Southern K. K. Os.: 93"/ 3
Missouri Junditist. . Texas raciUc flHta 8«
K Carolinuoon 65..ia2 ' ! Texas Pac secouus. 23 1 -j
Do, 45.... ........ 103% UnionPaclstof9tf.lo.il4
Fo Carolina 4V 5.. .106 V« West Shore 4«..-..:iO6Va
Tenn as ..; S7VirMobilc<t Ohio 45.. 68 r
.Va funding debt... 6iy 2 R CiranaeWest lstt i 77y 4
Do, reg. .....;.;..- — IChesA O 65..... r.. 109 . ♦
Do. deferred 65... 6y 2 iAtchlson 45....j... 78V
Do. trust' rcptM st 6 Do. 2ds A..U...V. 2HV»
Canada South 2ds.. 107 'uH <fcS A 65....'.. 105 *
Ctsii x'ac l*ls 01 '9S ltl I Ho. 22 -~- _ iLmi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
Den 4BG 15t. .:. . 113i/ a h «t Tex Cent 6a.. 105
Do, 45.'.... ........ t& - : Do.con6s 105.
Erie 2d5... ...... ...76 i Reading 4s 7»VB
Kansas 3'a Consols 7S Missouri tia. ....... 100
Kb i-a lbts Den divll7%
FOKEIUJS MAKKKTS.
I - WHEAT IN I.IVKEPOOI.
LIVERPOOL. Enq.. Feb. 20.— ihe spot market
is quiet at 5s SVad.- Cargoes are steady at 28s 6d
arrived. -; • •
V-':A FUTDRKS.
The Produce Exchr.nge cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 5s 6y d: ilarch. 5s 6y d; April, 5s 6%d;
May, 5s 6%d; June, 6s 7d. '
SKCURITIKS.
LONDON. Eno.. Feb. 20. — Consols, 110; sil
ver, 31d; French Rentes, 103f 2y 2
EXCHANGE AND BULXIOX.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days  — $4 86%
Sterling Kxcnaug<veighi — 4 8K
Merl 1 ng Cables — 4 88y±
New York Exchange, sight .... ... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, V ounce — . 6734
Mexican Dollars 53% 6414
__ .» L_
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The C. 11. Watjen takes for Sydney
61,721 centals, valued at $66,574.
The spot market is excessively dull at unchanged
prices. Xo. 1. fl 12y 2 V ctl : choice. $1 13" 4 ;
lower evades, $1 05(J3il 10; extra choice for milling,
$1 2- > iA@l 27y 3 .
CAUL BOARD SALKS. .
IXFORMAI. SESSION*— IO o'clock — May — 100
tons, 13V->: 200. $1 18%; 800, $1 13*4; 800,
$1 13V 8 . De'ceniber-iCO, $1 I.SVi: 100, $1 133/ s .
Seller '««. new, storage paid— loo, .f 1 10y .
Regular Mousing Skssion— May— 7oo tons, I
■*1 128,4 ; 200, s|>l iaT /8 ; 4(10, «1 IS. December—
100, $1 13; 200. $1 13V«: 300, $1 ISVi-
Akter.nook Sksbiox— Maj — 800 tons, $1 12%;
600. $1 13: 400, $1 131/8- December— looo, $1 IS: j
200, $1 13Vs- Heller '96, new, storage paid- 100, j
SI 10.
HAKLEY- Is mill and not very firm. Feed,
07y @70c "$ ctl; choice, 71Vi@72Voc; Brewing,
75(0.82 2 c.
CALX. IiOAKI> BALKS.
Isfobmal B— UOK— IO o'clock— No sales.
Reouur AifiKNiNci BxssiOK — May— 6oo tons, i
72V 2 c. Spot-100, 70c.
■ArT»BsooN session— May— loo tons, 72V 8 c;
200, 72» c ,
OATey— Receipts are large, buyers hold off and
dealers would have to cut prices stili more
to crt'e ; sales. -Mlliuu are quotable at 72y 2 @
BOc ';■ ctl ; fancy Feed, 80(5.J45c; cood to choice. 72 1 .
<&»0e; coniuion to lair, t>7 l .>(g,7Oc; Gray, 72y 2 I
80c; Red, for seed, $!@l'Gs; Bluck, for seea, !
90c@$l 20; Surprise, 90c(g$l.
CORN— Receipts are euormons. Every day four '
or live carloads come in from Nebraska. Y ester- 1
ii..;. s i'.\i-i-ss!vc receipts will be found In the usual '•
place. Though prices have again declined, there
is no business whatever. Large Yellow, 90c V ctl;
smiihll Hound <10, 95c: White, 80c.
KYK-Dull at 50@833 / $ ctl. • ■■ , - ■': * i ,
BUCKWHEAT-Firnily held at $I@l 25 «i ctl.
FLOVR ANi» fIULtSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Shipment of 31,650 bb!s, valued at ;
§125,000, to Sydney. .Yesterday's receipts were
over 15,000 Ibis. Xet cash prices: Family extras, |
if 3 90(0:4 1* bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 80@3 90; su
perline, $•_' 75@2 S<S f* bbl.
CORSMEIL. KTC— Feed Corn, f2O 60@21;
Cracked < orn, 821@21 50 f ton.
. MI LLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-tb sacks are as fol- !
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, ',
2*ic; Itye Flour, 314c; Rice Flour, 7V 2 c; Corn- ;
roeai, @;ic: extra cream do, 2Ji/gc; Oatmeal, •
S^ic: Oat (iroats. 4Vic: Hominy. 4@4Vic; Buck- !
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina, i
4\'2 C ' whole Wheat, Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4i c; !
Pearl Barley, 4y 2 c; Split Peas, 4:*ic; Green uo,
SVkci* lb.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
BRAX- Arrivals are large and prices are lower
at $12 sU@l4 1* toa, jobbing rates. * t .'!'
MIDDLINGS— SI6 60^18 lor town grades up to
$20 fi ion for the best. •
FEEDSTUFFS— KoIIed Barley, $16@17 IS ton:
Oilrake Meal at the mill, $21 t* ton; jobbhijj,
821 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, S2l.
HAY — The market is weak and top figures are
obtained with difficulty. Wheut is quotable at
*S(&12 V. ton; Oat, $B@9; Wheat and Oat. $B<g>
11; Barley, $7(89; Alfalfa, $7<£9: Clover. $6@B 50;
Compressed, $<@10 50; stock, $6(37 %* ton.
STRAW-35&60c r>. bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEAN.*— AII kinds except Llmas are lower, and '
the market is extremely dull. Bayos, , $I@l 10 j\ j
ctl; Small Whites, *1 2&(q>l 60 f> ctl: Pea, $1 40 ■
fel 60 0 ctl; Lame Whites, $1 10@l 20; Pink, '
yOc@.fl 10: Heds, $1 30(o}l tiO: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, SI 50@l 65; Llmas, $2 25@2 65; ,
Butter?. $1 50(0.1 65 f ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 95 ■
@2 05 V ctl:. Trieste. $2@2 20 S ctl: Yellow Mils
tard. $1 40@l 60; Flax, *1 70<$l 75; Canary. 3i/i
@3V c '0.1b: Alfalfa I r>(&7c %4 lb; Rape, l»i@*!c »t
R»; liemp, 4<- 1 Hi.
DRIED PEAS-$125@1 40 t* cil for Niles and
$1 25<jjl 45 forOreen.
I OTATOES, OKIOKB, VEGETABLES, j
POTATOES— Receipts continue heavy, those !
yesterday being almost 7000 bags, and the market '
is weak. N>w Potatoes, '3(o>4c ¥. lb; Stockton '
Sweets, :fl 50; Merced Sweets, $2@,2 25 ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks. 60@9<>c %* ctl: itlver Kurbanks,
bO@4sc %> i sk: <iregon Burbanks, 35@60c: Oreeon
Garnet Chllos, 50(at> c; ltiver Beds, M)(a,6oc %'ctl;
Early Rose, 50(4,60c: Fetalumaa and Tomales, 35 i
(a4sc. !
ONIONS— A car of choice Nevadas is on the
market. Receipts are larger all around, but the
marKet is steady. Good to choice. 70(ia,86c '■?
ct!; Cut Onions, 40!a;65c; Oregon. $I@l 15 "p. ctl;
Nevada, SI iOta.l 16 i* ctl.
VEOKTABLKs- niarKot is well supplied
and quiet. Mexican Tomatoes. $1 75(£2 >t box.
Arrivals of Asparagus were 52 boxes, Cucum
bers are quotable at 75c@$2 %* doz: Asparagus,
10@12V / 2C %* Ib for ordinary and 15c for choice:
Rhubaro, 7falOc t* 1b; Mushrooms. B®lsc "t* It»;
Dried Peppers, B<aio<- i* . tb; Green Peppers.
"& H>: lx>s Aneeles Tomatoes, 75c@$2 V. box; \
Green Peas. 2@4c V tb for Los Anseles and Kc "^ '
tb for Bay: Strin; Beans. 10c %< tb; Drie"d Okra, '
ISSVic: Cabbage, 4<(q»soc V ctl: Gurlie, 4(£sc lf» 1L;
Marrowfat Squash, $15(g>20 r^i tou. •
BITTEIi, CUKKSK AND EGGS.
Bl.'TTKß— Quotations are more or less unsettled, j
each dealer, selling according to the size of his
Ktocks. Thpre,is no particular weakness, however.
Receipts of Eastern are small thus far.
Crkamk.ky — Fancy. 27@29c ~f, Iti; special 1
brands go higher: seconds, "-'soi26c H Ib.
liaikv- •_'6(a.27c; iTood to choice, 24@
25c; , lower grades, 22 V 2 @23i/2C.
' EAsrKRN — Ladle-packed, l4(a>lßc tb.
CHEESE— Is as firm as iver. Fancy mild
■ new Is quotable at 12Vs@13c *$ lb; common
to good, 10@12c V Ib: Cream Chwldar, 12(^1
- 1 It; Young America, 12'«13c; Western, l^V ,
13c; Eastern, 13@14c.
' Kt.f;N-T"he market continues to decline slowly,
there being no demoralization. Oregon Eggs. 13c:
Store Egss. 13(j»l4c; ranch F.ggs, 14@15c, witu
1 extra choice bringing 16c f( dozen.
I'OIJLTEY AND GAME.
POULTRY-^Another car of Eastern sold at $s<a :
6 60 for Hens, §"@7 60 for Young Roosters ami
'$;") OOSO for Broilers.
■ Dressad Turkeys are In liberal receipt and lower. ,
You Roosters, Fryer* and Broilers are in li"ht
snpply and firm. Other descriptions aro un- 1
chanced. ■•'■ - '.'■■..■
Li v.. Turkeys, lOgllcrb for (jobbiers and ll@l2c i
'for.Jlens; Dressed Turkeys, 'll@13c; Geese "jHi
pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $4 50(a6 for old and $t> I
@7 for youn^; liens, $3 sOr<£4 50 t* doz: boosters
young, *5 50®6 50: do, 01d,"53 60@4; Fryers. $&rgl i
5 50: Broilers. $4 50I&5 for large and 53 50@4 for
small; Pigeons. $'2<gi2 25 Is, doz for young and
$1 25@1 50 for old.
' t;.\.MK— lt is Impossible to quote Gersf>. asthe
small arrivals are neglected. Hare, 50c %> doz;
Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cottontails and 75c for small.
DKCIDI'OUS AND CITHVS FRUITS.
APPLKS— BSo@?I i* box for good toclioice, 80 I
@75c for common 10 fttirntiu 51 25@1 60 for fancy, j
CITRUS FRUITS-Contlnue quiet. Oranges, j
75c(£$l 25 for Seedlings and $1 75@2 75 for Navels; !
frozen slock goes down to nothing; | Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice-
Mexican Limes. 85@5 50: California Limes 65®
85c: Bananas, f 1 25@2 60 '$ bunch; Pineapples, S2
@s{l dozen - '
DI'.IEU FRUITS, KAISINS, NITS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS— The" market continues stag
nant. The following prices rule on the Fruit Ex
change:
Carload Lots— Apples. 2V @3c f( Th for quar
tered, 3@3%c :^ ■lb for sliced and 414c f» lb for
evaporated;, i'eaches. »i/a6d*c %', Ib nmt 6i/ (a6c
lor lancy; peeled in bOZM, 12c; Apricots, 7V @ I
8-jc for prime to choice. • 9VaC ' for fancy and lu(U
lie ■&■&> for fancv Mooruark: Figs. 4>lack. 21/2C I
for unpressed: White Figs, 4@sc Ihshclcr; Pears '
I7c ? Ib for evaporated halves. 4(Sf>y c ip lb for '
I quarters; I'runes. 3%c: Plums, 4c fl tb for pit- I
I ted and l%@2y c for unpitted; Nectarines, s®Bc '
I lh for prime to choice nnd 6iAc for lancy.
■ .''<biii.no Pric>:s— Apples. 4@4y 2 c: Peaches. 3® '
4c and 5c for laucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y c- I
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c pS lb for 40(a50's I
and 6c for 60@60's; Apricots. BAOV&C for prime to i
choice and l«i(3>llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs ■ j
black. 2i/4@2%c: White Figs, 3(35c; Pears. 6V2C
for evaporated halves and 'Ma,b\/ c for quarters; I
Plums, Sy 2 @4c lor pitted and . Ii&IUjC tor un- '<
pitted: Nectarines, 4@6c t» lb : for prime to choice, j
= RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
foilowß, carload lots. f. 0. b. San l-rancisro: Lon- J
don layers, 85@90c f». box; four-crown, loose, 3s/ c
"$ tb; three-crown, loose, 214c ty tb; two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3s / 4@4c: seealess Muscatels,
2y0@23/ic: three-crown London layers. 70c: clus- I
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa flusters. $2 10@2 2!>: !
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c
lb. ■•'■. ' ."■'-■■■.
« Jobbiko Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3- !
crown, 2Vi@2V^c: 2-crown, l%@2c; Seedless Sui- |
tanns. »: ! / 4 (a;4c: seedless Muscaiels. Ui^c; 3-crowu
London' layers.. 85c®$l;. clusters. -10rg,l 50 !
.Dehesa clusters, $2 -J5; Imperial clusters, $2 73 I
Dried Grapes, 2 y c. ...
N UTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc <P tb: Walnuts. . 7<aßc
¥• tb for No. JL hard and V<q.V\'. z for softshell, job- 1
bin;; lots; > Almonds,' 6@7 1 /i.c ior Languedoc
8y 2 @loc lor paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, S@6c
for i-.astern ard 3y @4y c for California; Hickory
Nuts, 6@6c;; Pecans, 6c Jor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B<a9c; lirazil Nuts, 7^J2@Bc lb:
Cocoanuts. ?4 60@5 t* 100. ■ •.-.-'■
HONKY-Comli is quotable at • 30@12c %* Ib
for txlaUr "L"! S«i<le 8 >& fcr lcu-i.-w;jjxu-; ■■ ■■■■- I
white extracted, s@si/ic ¥ Ib; light amber ex
trncied, 4iAM.i3.ic; dark amber, 4c: dark, 2@3c. :
' BEESWAX-^4@^7c >t Ib. ■
PKO» ISIO-N'S.
CURED HEATS— QuotaMons show no further
change. Bacon is 'quotable at 6V2C ft Ib for heavy,
7y 2 c for light medi;:in. 9 1 , / 2 sor light. 10y c for
extra li^ht and 12V2"" for sugar-cured : ; Eastern j
Snenr-curea Hams. HV->c: California Hams,
10i5)10Vac; Mess JJecf, $».'%* bbl; extra mess no,
S8 60; family do. $10: extra prime Pork, *pi* f> bbl;
ex tra ciear. .fIK '$. bbl; mess. $14 %i bbl; Smoked
B<-ef. iu<jsiov 2 c f» Ib. . i' „■}•;•* _
LA RD— Kastern, tierces. Is quotable nt 6y 2 c <*
lb forcomiHjuiiu and 8c for pure; pain, BV2C; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6y c for pure;
half-bbls, 63,4c- 10-Ib tins, 7'/jc; do 61b, /i c «* lb.
COTTOLENE— 7I,4c in tierces aud 8c %4 tb in 10
--tb tins. : - -. :i V;
HIDES,\ TALLOW, WOOI. ANI) HOPS.
- HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
tt>: culls and brands. 60 V> tb; medium. 6c: culls
and brands. 6c: light, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow- |
hides. b®&Vfec: culls and brands, 4® iy c; salted \
Kin. 5c fli lb; salted Calf. HCH -lb; sailed voal. '
Oc; r.ry Hides, lOcallc; culls nnd brands. 7@7y 2 c; i
drv Kin and v'eal, "Jc: culls. 6y 2 @7c; dry Ciilf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20®85c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(5130c: medium. lf>(0
25c: • winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10® ',
lftr-e.nfh; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40 •
@50c each: long wool, 65c eacli. Culls of all kinds
about iAc loss.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, .'!V2@4c: No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5%c; Grease, 1 •><: I*. tb.
>,WOijL— We quote Fall as follows: Kastern Ore- I
gon. 9@llc ijj iti; Sim Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c: Nevada, 9c 9 Ib.
HOPS-3@6c fi tb.
UKXEKAL MEBtUANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
?4 12y @4 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c
' COAL— Wellington is ountable at $8 "$ ton; New
Wellington,' $8; Southlield Wellington', ■$7 60 {
j V' t"a: Seattle, $s(aif> BO: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay, i
, $4 50; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: - Brvmuo, |
87 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks: |
Pennsylvania* Anthracite Egg,- Sl3; Welsh An- I
thraclte Egg, ; c*nnnel.?S; Kock Springs, Castle '
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in i
. bulk and $12 50 ton in sacks. '. i .
COFFEE— E. Bickford'3 circular says: "The
i local market oontlnnes very dull, dealers finding
I the outlet poor and having little continence in the
I stability of present prices, buy only to supply tem
porary requirements. The recent arrlva s of new
crop unwashed Salvador found buyers for the first i
small parcels at lsc, quickly declining, however, to
17i/2 c without transactions of any importance.
Considerable lias been done In the better grades of j
washed Guatemala for shipment overland; about ■
; 1700 bags going forward in the past ten days, with
I the prospect of rnnh/r business with that quarter. \
i To-day's stock is 51224 bass, consisting of 68f> '
1 ( osta Rica, 30 Nicaragua, 2113 Salvador and si>t)s I
: Guatemala. The steamer San Jose will arrive i
übout the inst. witli 5500 bags." . Weqnote: .
Costa Rica— l9 3 4@2o 3 ,ic cood to prime washed : '
19@19y2C for goodl ISVif&IKS/ic forgood mixeil !
with black beans; 17@lScnom. ior fair; 14@16y2c'
for common to ordinary. ' • ■ '':'•■
•Sa, Vadob— lß@lo^4c for fair to good washed; !
l" 3 /i<§>18i4c for superior uuwaahed; l"i/ c,for j
good green unwashed. ■ '.;. , ' .
GIT.\TKMAIA AXI) Mf.XICAK— 2O i@-21V4C for:
; prime to strictly prime washed: 19y s 1 -4C for '
! kooil tostnetly good -vashed; 17V"f*l*>' i 1 '- for fair
. washed: l«ial7c for medinm; liy (>9lsy 2 c for
I ordinary; 12<al4c for Inferior to common: 21@
21 i/ 2 c for uooti to prime washed peaberry: 19 l /2<2)
20c for eood unwashed peaberry.
SUGAR— 'Western Sugar Kerinery Company :
i has again advanced prices and now ; quotes,
I terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed," '.Powdered
; aud Fine Crushed all 6c: Dry Granulated, 5%c;
; Confectioners' A; sy^c: Magnolia A, 4'ic; Extra
C.45 /8 c; Golden C, 4y 2 c; half-barrels, Vi<s. more
! than barrels, and boxes y»c more.
i sVKUP— Golden, in bbis, 15c; Black. : Strap, . 10c
! » gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BEEF— quality. 5V 2 c; second quality,
4y2@sc; third do. 3l/ 2 (§4c V* tb.
VEAL— Larjte, s@bc; small. 6@7c 19 lb. .. ■&£■*.','.
MUTTON'— Wethers. 6'-(b)7c; Ewes, 6@6y 2 c
f. lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12Va: yearliugs, 7@Bc I
V lb. .
PORK— LIvo Hogs, 4@4Vic for large and 414© !
43/ 8 for small ; dressed do, 5@«ViC & lb.
RECEIPTS OF.IXTEkIOB PKODCCE.
FOP. 24 HOtTRt.
nonr, or.Rk* 14,874 i Hay. tons. 428 '■
Oregon tt,tflt> Middlings, 51u..... 1.145
Washington 86.746 Oregon 28f>
I Wheat, c;is l,326Shorts, Or, sks.... 2,150
Washington 4,lloiHides. no 143 '
i Barley, cm .13,355,' l'< its. odls.._ Jft '
' Oats, ctis 180 Wine. Bais- 91,680
Oregon 530'Butter. ct15.. ...... I<H;
Washington 4,105 1 heese. ct15.. ...... 132
Corn, ctls 4.l6«K|tgs.doi 7,010
Nebraska 1,250 Quicksilver, flaslcv ; 45 j
Potatoes, sits. 2.9 141 Lime, bbls 81
Oregon Lumber. M. feei... 10 '
Onions, sks ! laxseed. Or, sks.. 2,150
Oregon. 4 35! Paper, reams 2,070
Nevada 234!Tallow.ctls 18.
: Brxn, Kk5..... 3.0-l»> Leather, rolls...... 14
I Oregon ... 3,335'
THE STOCK MARKET.
! There was no chiinne of any consequence yester
day, though values were slightly lower than on
the preceding day. Buhver sold at 20c. It wus
repotted on the street that the Eastern parties who
control the Standard Consolidated are after the
' control of the Bulwer.
j The Arizona Copper Company has just paM a
dividend of 36c (Is 6d) por share, making 60c for
the year ending September 30, 1895. The office of
the company la in fccotlaud..
The Calumet and Kccla Copper Company will
pay a dividend of $500,000 on .March 3.
The Ottoqueachy ruin will pay Its lirst dividend
of $1000 next month.
The Homestake Mining Company of Sohth Da
| kota will pay a dividend of 25c per share on the
251b.
The reports of the Gold IIIU mines are as fol
! lows: ■
The joint Challenge Con. and the Con. Imperial
west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is out 260 ;
feet, 10 feet having b<*:n made during the week. i
The face is in porphyry.
In the Crown Point mine the southeast drift on '
the tiOO level has been extended 11 feet and Is now
out 193 feet. The face lsin a mixtnreof porphyry I
; and clay, with small bunches of quartz through It.
I The south drift from crosscut 1 on the 700 level Is
out 43 feet. The old drift Is completely closed, i
I and opening It again is like running: a new one. '
; The raise irom east crosscut on the 1100 level is '
now up 45 feet. The to;> is all lu qnnrtz, giving
assavs from ?'2 to $4 50 per ton, gold'predomi
nating. . . ■ .
In ilil- Belcher mine on the 300 level the joint
! Belcher and Seg. Belcher west crosscut from the
1 south lateral drift Is out '290 feet. The face shows
: porphyry and quartz, the latter giving low assavs.
There have been hoisted during the we k an<t
! stored in the orehouse at the mine 27 mining-car
' loads of ore, the average top car sample of which
] shows an average assay value of $2 ■ ,63 per ton. •..
In the Overman mine for the week ending Feb
rnary 15 no ore was extracted. The southwest
! drift on the 1100 level was extended 8 feet: total
leimth 25 feet. The formation in the drift is por
' phyry, with seams of quartz.
In the ( onfidence mine west crosscut 1 from
\ the surface tunnel is out 435 feet, huvinu been ad
vanced 9 feet during the past week; The facesnows
porphyry. I'rospeciing in the crosscut from the
end of the north drift 60 feet above the surface
j tunnel Is still going on. There were extracted
I from the mine and stored In the. orehouse 8 min
; ing-car loads of ore, the average top car sample as
! say of which was S2O 83. ;■ ■.
No on; was extrncted from the Sep. HeU:her mine |
: daring the past week. The usual joint prospecting i
; work by the Belcher Company was done. » . < . ■
In the Dodie Consolidated mine during the week
I ending February 16 the nsual prospecting wor^ '
I was don» on the 200 and 300 levels. The north
drift from the earn crosscut on the "200 level has 6
to 10 Inches of low-grade quartz in the face. .' ; • ;: ,
In the Mono mine the east crosscut from tho
south drift ou tho 100 level is stlllln hard por
phyry. . - ,
In the Rnlwer Consolidate.! mine the slopes In
, the Unlwer tunnel and on the '2oo level yielded 9
| tons of $'25 ore during the week ending Febru
ary 16. - - - -. ■ --. V ■ •. ■-'
BOAKI) S'ttiKS. .', ..
Following were the sales In the Ban Francisco .
StocK Board yesterday: - • : V . t-VV-.i- r:
RTfIULAR MORXT\n RKfiSTfV^T OO\f\f WS^Cfjx^Cl fi; 80.
200 Alta... 14300 Ch011ar....G3|300 0ph1r..".1.50 |
400 Andes 161300 A C......42200 Potosi .....n2
100 1; tt J>... 801400 Keutuck..os| 60 :...;......61 i
35 Bulwer.... 17|200 Mexican. .s9,3oll Un10n.'...54.
"200 Challng...4o|looo Occidtll.oo| , . , ; y s . '
ArTKRVr>O>r i BKBSIOV— % 2!'O. '■: ■■• •
60 Alpha 12 500 Ch011ar... '2400 8
200 HJi l; ... 77 100 , 59 400 0c01d... 97
! 900 Bullion. 400 CC&V... 2.00 100 P0u>«'.:..:49
i 100 8u)wer...19 100 Crown 1't.89 200 S»va«:e....4S
j 300 18;250O & C 40 300 8 Nev.....50
! Following were the «ale3 In the i'aclflo ; Stock'
| Board yesterday: :t i ~. : .'
-RKnrir.vn pwwTos- lO:T'.', ■'■':■■ ...
400 A1nha..... 141350 CC&V..2.051300 0ph!r..,1.8f»
! 400 Andes 13 100 Conn" 98|1OO 0vrmn....17
! 200 Alta 14800 Exchqr....Osi'2OO PotosL.^SV!
i 100 Ancles 16 KOOO <fi C.....41 ■:".'.";'.;...*.;. 50-
I iOO 8e1cher....25 3.10 HdtM.2ai^ 300 5ava«e..."..49
300 8&8......73 200 .lustice.-.11i400 B<fe M...07
'200 ...7fc 200 Mciicau. .sMHOo 5Ner..;1.41
600 8u11i0n.... 12 400 Occld... 1.00 300 Union C...88
&00 (a1eda....07 SOU .......... »€ 100 Utah...'.;. 11
! 200 Challne...3t 300 .;....*.. ....97 300 Y Jacicet..3B
j 30UCh0iiar....63 . ' . j ■-',''."•'
AKTKKVOOV — 2:11. .>. ,Y .
| 200 Alpha..... 13250 Ch011ar....59 200 M0n0. ..... 13
200 Alia 14'250 1 .....: 60 100 Ophlri.
! 100 Ande5......15!450CC&V2.02i/ 100 Overran..
200 8e1cher....25 100 fcxcnqr ...05 'J00'P0t05i.....49
j 100 B & 8.....78200 O C...... 40 300 t»ava«re.... 47
! 200 Bullion....HSloo 1I&N 1.2'2> -150 S Nov..
i 100 80die.....34 300 Mexican. .jHt'2oo Union .....51 !
I 200 Challge... 38250 ....... 57i300 Y Jacket..S3 |
CLOSING <2UOTATIOJ«S. • .
THURSDAY. Feb. 20-4 p.m. '
■ , ■ Sid.AtHf<l - Ol'l.Aik'd.
Alpha C0n.. ... — 12 Jac1c50n........ 40 60
Aim...... 14 15Julin t......-' — 06
ADCes 14 IB Justice.....^.. 10, 11
«*lcher 24 26; KentucK. ...... , 05 "• 06 I
Best <t Belcber. 78 79|lady Wash.;.. ■ —; ' t)tf i
I Bentoncon.... 30 36 Mayflower..:. , — j
Eodie.. 34 35Mexicau ,6B 77
1 Uuiiioa. %i ..... -11 12 Mt. Diablo La ••: —' |
Bnlwer.. - 18 -Nrrada Queen. - 05
Caledonia <)6 OS Occidental..... 98 99
ChallengoOoa. 38 39 Ophir 1.25 1.30
Cnouar '..•■69 60. Overman ' 17 18
Con. Cal.&Va. 2.00 2.05 I'otosi 4<t 60
Cuu. lmpenai. 01 02 savage '.'..' 47 48
Confidence 98 1.06 . Belcner... 07 08
ConJSewYort - OH Sierra Nevada, 39 41
Crown Poim... 38 39 scorpion 02 -
fcastSierra>iev — . O4l!?iiverHlu"... - 02
Kachequer..... 06 06 Syndicate OV! —
EurekaCon.... * 5 -Union C0a...\7 61 62
Gould A Curry. 39 41ltau 10 11
Hale«k>orcrs.l.ao 1.25, Yeliow jacket. 38 39
10wa...:. — 04|
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• THUKtiOAY, Feb. 20-2 P. U.
rNITKK BTATF.B BONDS.
: 'U±i EM. A «*««*• mdm Aitced.
CK 4scoup..lo9y — US 4s re- .116«A —
Do. new Is. 109 Va — *
. .... ■ MIRCkWAXJCOtTS BOXD?.
Cal-RtCbles». llOl4 - -Do. 2d Iss 6s. — - ;
CalElecl.6s.lo6 — ;I'&O Ky 6-) 105 120
Cntra C ss. - 100 iP*Chilv6s. I - 105V,,
Dpnt-st 77 95 3 t.RR6a. — 116V,
Kdsnl«£P63.losi/ - HUno. WUtL - 105
F&CHKBB*. - JOB l'.iverW C063 - 100
Uearv-EtK53. — 105 >-bc!oP Ar, 100 10*3/ A
l.oaAn^i.Us. — 101 ,'t-F&NPKRSsIOOt4IOI
Uo,Unte<t.C.s.loiy lo3 bPKRAruS -86
Alkt-8tCb1e64123 - SPltKCal6*!lO9 -
IJoUvCojiss..loßl/ 4 109 SPRHCaIas. - 97V,
KevfXgßH. ,S8 105 SPllrßUaiea.' 96y a 97 V*
J. P t:lUt 6s. 101 y 3 - HVWnusras. 12" _
NKyCaICs.IOO - SVWaterts... iiiii'o 993,i
IsKyCalSs. - 103 »kuaG&K6j 102 103
OakUas .102 1041/2 SunstT&T6s.loo -
Do. 2d iss. r >9.102i2 — Suttcr-atRSs.IODV2 —
Omnibus 65.. 1191/4123 VisaliaWUtf* — 8J
I'acKoll-Mtis.. — _
WATKtt stock*.
Contra Costa — 60 (San Josa. — as
aiarinCo.... 50 65 JBpringValVey 99 99y
<VAS STin-KH.
t*Pltal — 39 l'aclflcU?ht. — 48
Central .. 95 — KanFrancsco 72 Vo 723i
OateGL&H. — Ba: Stockton..... — . aivt
i'acOaslnip. 78»4 79U, ; ya
INSUKANCK HTobita.
FlremanaFd.l6o 170 jSun.. 60 —
: COMMKRCIAt BAN'K STOCKI.
Amerß&TO. — — |LondonPAA.l29 —
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — LondonASF. — , 30
Bank of Cal.. 234 — .Merch Ex.. 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 57i/ 3 — I Nevada — —
FirstNatlonl.l77 180 father Ob- — —
Grangers.... — — |
'• ' SAVINGS BAN'K STOCK*.
■«erS*LCo.. — 1460 Sav A Loan.. — 1021A
HumbSAL.IOO3 — Security .240 —
M "tual - 41 I Oniou Trust.Bos —
bi T nlon4B2 490 j 1
'• BX B KT HA II.HOA STOCKS.
California.. ..lo6 — Oak.sL&Hay — 100
Geary-5t..... 60 70 Prejiaio...... «Vi —
Alarlcet-5t....- 45s/ 8 46 |S=utter-st. — —
;aV,- ■, POWDKB STOCK i.
Atlantic D... 15 — Jndson.. — —
California.... - 93 jV1g0nc.....".. - 1
Olanu 15y 8 19 I
MISCKLLAN-JOn-? STfICK*
Alaska Piers. 92 95i/ 2 OceanlcSSCo — 20
.BlkDCoalCa- 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 -
CalCoiMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
LnlDrvDoclc — _ Pac I Ca - 30
tdJaonLighC U7S/ 99 |Pac Roll Mill 29y 4'JVa
OasConAssn. — — ParfPalntCo. 63/ 7V a
Ger 1 farl (o. 85 92% PacTransOo. — ' 24
IlawU&SCo. 133/ 8 ISVa PacT<&'i'Co 65 —
HutchSPCo™ 171,4 SunsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgU. — — .jUnitedCC'o.. — 25
MerKxAssnlOO 110 |
xnßxivn nnßsrov
'P-Oard— 100 Bank of California, 'J35: 76 Hawniian
Commercial and Hu<ar, 15; 50 do, 14i/ ; 30 do,
14V ; 250 S F Gaslisb:, 72«/ ; 48 V Water, 99.
i street— l2s 8 V Water. 99; 400 U S i% Bonds,
coupon, llOVi.
AFTKRNOOV SKSSrOX.
Board— so Hawailnn Commercial and Snpar, 14:
130 do, 13%: 25 do, 13%; 50 '10, 133/ ; 50 do,
13V4; i!00 Hutchinson H pro. 17J,i: 100 do. 17V 2 :
6S F Onsllßht, 72%; $1000 S F-& P Hail way
Bonds, 100y 2 . ■ .. ' ■■
,* • .- ; ■> — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' GRAND HOTEL.
J .T White, Cal R T Heatb, Sacto
F Berry, Fresno .1 G Martin, Sacto
A McDonald, Houston JII Coultem.St Helena
C A Durfce, Los Ang J C Jones, Sacto
It T Brown, Fctaluma C Weber, -tockton
W Heatheote, Cat A II Wright, Btockton
I> A'McDugald, Stockton U E llewit, Johaunesbrg
(} Holman, Portland A Mansfield, Cal
N M Bur, Victoria II Keiman. Tacoma
O Tillotson, Redding w Rcboelgens, Fhiia
W White. Fargo K Knight, Virginia
F Murray, Liverpool F H t-ray. Oroville
J A Bookman, 8 Barbara M T .lariies, t oston
E K Ekstrom, lx>s Ang J A Winters. Cal
I) H Prentice, Chicago Q H Grlggs, Stanford
\V S Howlands, Seattle J Wright, Seattle
James Lee, Seattle Mrs FWJenning.Taeoma
W B Duzan. Auburn R T Maya <fc w, Ta<-oma
Mrs T Mays. Tacoma James K Mason, Boston
T r Owens,- Boston E B lluntoon. Mass
J tl Jenkins, Valley Ford D B Chapman, Durango
CII Simons. Redding Mrs O A Knriaht, s Jose
J M Steele, Colusa J K Rettenuh, Colusa
s il Grigsby, Willows M Goldsmith, Stockton
A N Cumphell, Cal A I, Levinsky, Stockton
J Grover, Colusa D W Fulkerth, Modesto
K D Wells, Mo:losto l. J Maddux, Modesto
J A Lewis, Modesto T Clark, Placerville ■
M Prince, Santa Kosa S Potter, Martinez
I> 1.-|i|io, Santa Rosa Miss Leppo, Santa Rosa
J Buckingham, Ukiah J C Ruddock, Ukiah
W A Chapman, Covelo MrsAJDowning.Eldridge
Miss A Blondin, Kldridge
. RUSS HOUSE.
Joseph Keller, Kureka Q Mair, w<t f , Eureka
.1 Hutchinson, Kureka D KiMikin tfc w, Yreka
11 s Page. Davis Miss G Wood bury, Cal
Miss E Woodbury, Cal JDK Forbes, Forbestwn
w p lllnckley, Seattle R T Eskrldge, Seattle
F E Cudle. Cleveland Mi<<s 1, K Jones, Lexngtn
L A Richards, Grayson Miss 10 Belen, Morristwn
A Andrews, HealdsDurg SG Evans, N Y
a d \\'illtan:s, U s N ji Wnlsby, San Jose
I'll Sinythe. LauglryFm K H Cunningham, Cal
Tom T> Drew, Nevada Joseph Allen. Kureka
\ 1. Edwards, Portland P Kirk & sn, Seattle
M Senion Af, I'ortland Mrs C K Beard, .Spokane
J Mayle. Stockton ,1 M Kroyer, Stockton
Mrs A S)ia<lbourue, Los (i W Glbbs, Vacaville
Angeles J N Lauth, St Louis
W St urges, Saratoga F M Berry, Juneau
A Wisliman, Gonzales J Montgomery, N Y
w Umdich, N Y J <• Koe, Gait
C Belen. Morristown T Barrv, Napa
Bl' Oetiet, s L Obispo G Davis. Wheatlnnd
J LiKhtoi'i. Woodland It M Wilson, Mont
J Wilson a- f, Illinois H Puterbaugh A f. ill
C R Scott, Portland A Kich.-irds, Watsonvllle
.1 Ross. Santa Rosa G Hayes, Copperopolis
D l' Hatch, Los Ang Mimntcobs, Lakeporc
W.Wettersoii, Delano < 3 Wndsworth, s roso
C C Castle, Stockton J W Stone, Dutch Flat
B A L.D WIN H OTEL.
H C Gregory, Centervllle B Ritchearson. St Ix>nis
G Bronson, San Jose A 11 Jessee, St Lonis
A Cioldmer, Bakerstield O O White, Palo Alto
Mrs M 1) Rlggs, Nw Vrk J Fannin, New York -
W Levy, Woodland .1 C Lynch, Cuca monga
<) Francis, «fe w, Nw Yrt Miss Krancls, : New York
I) W Dong, Oakland W 11 Seomau, Sacrmnto
T F Ross, Sacramento C P Rendon, Stockton
J J Hinckley. Alaska Dr J N Borger, Nw York
B Rocera, Seattle • ■C W Btrene, Sousa's Bud
B C Holly, Vallejo J I" B Wurch, Philadpha
J O'Connor. Montreal I) Higgins, Montreal
S Heineman A H Christie, Milwaukee
F II Hinde, Boston F Jl Wilson & w. N Yrk
K Colin, Los Angeles R 1' Keating, Nevada
J Yotypkacl, Vallejo Mrs J Hall, Oakland
W n Young, Santa Kosa J W Sanders, New York
J Thompson, Arizona J H Hunier, Arizona
C Bnrela <ft w, Colorado 0 M Hunter, Oakland
K Balentine »t w. t'ortld C A Sigane, Chicago
F inert. New York Miss It Austin. Yallejo
C bmltb, New York J J Willis, St Paul
E Burns; New Jersey W W Decker, New York
A LACE HOTEL.
A C Bedford <fe w, N Y CD Hazzard &w, Minn
Miss Hazzard, Miun J D L Benson, Chicago
L 0 Shippee, Stockton \V W Foote, Oakland
W C I'eyton. Santa Cruz C It Dllworth it w, N Y
T Nelson. Ferudale K V Hall &w, Tacoma .
J a Hevwood, Eng .1 U Flickmeyer, S JO3O
C Monroe, Los Ang Dr C P .Bagg, U 8 N
M'Xi Nel«on. Chicago H L Dorn, s Bernardino
F H Buck «V. w, Vacaville J B Somerset, Winnipeg
W T Kllis Jr «fc w, MlssNMcNally, Mrysvle
Marysville D Smiley it w, N Y
A .1 McLeod. Bakersfield Q W B»nanstein, Denver
J Silverstone, Portland W E Hallecky, Indiana
V D Muhsey, Los An L Wertheimer, Pittsburg
J L Reynier, Pittsburg A Grogel. N Y
J G North, Riverside C J Sharon. Virginia
F S Rockwell, Denver W S Mason. Portland
Mrs Mason, Portland H M Gorham, Gold Hill
MrsGorham, uold Hill E D Bannister, M^ontana
II Low, N Y W Stltt, NY
W J Hunsakcr, Los Ang U Hogan, Colusa
,;;;'; lick house.
E Tißoble, Auburn J Howe it wf, Oakland
Tompkins, Tiitare 'A J Binney, Marysville
Mrm Caynor, Raymond J L Delano, Kocklin
W J De'ftter. Madera P J Klein, New York
Mrs O- <J Briggs, Cal C L .Tones, Newman
G It Crow, Newman T (J White. Fresno
C H Klrkland . San Jose Mrs Wit- Slaughter, Cal
W Melczer, Phißnlx O Cranz Jr, San Jose ;
W de Long, S Cruz B H Upham, Martinez
Dr \V M Cnte & wf. 111 G.D Allman, Oakland
J'LUrames, Portland . O A storke, S Barbara
P H Healy.«& wf, S Jose L P Smith. Sacramento
f A H Laiie, Stockton ■K T Fausett <t wf, Sacto
J Westwater, Nevada E Westwater, Nevada
J Loeun, Angela Camp H C Lambert & wf, Stkn
G L Bishop, Stockton U H Benjamin & wf,Ohio
Miss G Benjamin, Toledo J C Meyers & wf, Stkn
T l' Abwms, Sacto A U Barber, Sacto
J V Sloan & wf, Sacto . .
. : . . •.;:■: . . NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs M Clark, San Jose E S Glenn, Grand Island
c \V Sear.s & w, Albany : RSMcConnaughlyFßdwl
JStilllvah&w.The Dallos WLShanksitw.BgTimbrs
Mrs C Martin. Mont Grace Randall, Mont
'Jdrs'W C Aiarviu; Minn WH Armstrong <& f. Or
s p Jones & f, Walla Wla Ada Hutchinson, Portlnd
W H Hulev Senttie A B Johnson, Tacoma
M N* Howe it f. Vancouvr J O Godley& f, AlbertSear
R Gladstone, Winnipeg .G B Gocher, lowa ' r .*vy
F WUllams, San Mateo
• r :..;-.vi?w — : .' • — • — • . . .:.'::■: • ;
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Fkuki-akv, 1896.
a
■■ _-.
3
| 10
4
I
11
w.
5
■ Th.
6
[ ir ' Sa " Moon's Phases.
j Last Quarter
— — | >iv February It
7 g
' ■•*' ff3\ ■ New Moon,
r— " —— February j3
14 16 | —
■ | r^. First Quartei
' ... i VVFebruary^Bl
21 23 I —
__ : (Ok Full Moon.
:. " — Vg/February 28
I 28 i 29 > ; .,■••■:,::
Moon's Phases.
I
17
First Qua
VJ/February.
16
19!
I
I
23
K24l
26 I
OCKAX STEAMEKS.
Date* of Departure « rom San 'Twfi'fo.
STEAMKB. I DKSTIVATKIX i
SAILI.
j PIER.
Knreica INewoors ! Feb'2l. HAMlPlerll :
Pomona Hnraboldtßav ! Feb 23, '2pm ; I'ier 9 ■ "■
Btate or Cal | t'ortlnnci. ' I>i>2H.loaw l';er'2l
£anta Kosa.. ; tt an Dlesro Feb23.llAM ', I'lerll
Wnlia Walla , Vic & Tgt Snd Feb :4. 9am • Pier 9
bt I'ani ; ! Newport... Feb2S; 9am Pier 11
\Villunit Val ' Mexico.; '2">.loam ' Pier 11
City PekiDß. China ik Japau l'eb'2s. 3rM I'MS9
*.ras:o Coos Hav Kob2S,IOAM | I'lerlS
faralion j \ aouma Bay.. Keb 'Js,' 6pm Pier '2
H0mir..,,,, Coos Uav j .Feb2s. sf\i Oceanic
Empire Portland.. Feb 26, SrMi'ierlH
Weeots...... jKel River Keb 9am : Pier 13
Corona i^an Dioeo I-Vo'27.llam I'ier 1 1
Columbia.... ' rortlana Feb3B.lbAM Pier 84
San .lose.;.": i t'itn;inia . Feb "28.12 M V M S S
STK.»3IKRS JO AKUIVK.
STEAHIiK j
l-'KOII
| UtTg
TTKetTal
..Fer. 21
.Teb 21
..Fen SKJ
..Keb 22
. Fell 22
..Feb •-'-!
..Feu 23
..Feb 28
. I'Vl> 23
..Feb 23
. . Feh 23
F.h 24
..Fcb '24
..Fob 25
..Feb 25
..FeD '2'i
..Feb 25
..Feb 2S
..Feb 26
..Feb 2«
..Feb 27
. Mchl
Geo W JClder.... Portland
Hant.-i Kosa. ; Son Oiego
Projrreso Seattle
North I'aru UumboUlt Bay
Columbin. .. I Portland
Costa Rica...;.. ' Departure Pav
.Pomona. ilumboidi Hay
Araeo loo.i Hay .-
kt-Paui ......... : rfewuoru
San Jose t'anarua. i
Mackinaw ..;■... Tucomft....
Kmpire Portland...
Homer Uooa uhv
•Farallon .• | yaonina f.ay .......
Truckee : Tillamook ........
Bei?ic. China and Japan
Corona San Diego
Umatllla v"lctoria & Pucet Sound
Queen Portland..... ;.
Crescent City. .. Crescent Oily-
South Coast ! Portland
Kureka Newport
State of Ca1 .... | I'ortland
SUN, MOON AM> TIJDE.
U. S. Coast avt> (Jeodktic Skbvey Tidb")
BfI.I.KTIN I'UBLtSHKI) RV CfcFFICIAX r
AUTHOKITY OF THE SurKRIN'TENDENT. )
Friday, Feb. 21. Friday, Feb. 21.
Sunrises. 6.53 Sunsets 5.56
February-1896.
>
Time Feet ;-nmej Fee[ :Timei F#e . Tim^
H W lL Wi 111 \V| IL W
I Feet
1 £01] 4.8 11.5(1 O.'J! 7.47; 2.9 10.21i '2.9
-' 4.50; 4.8 12.55 —0.2 RftB| S. 2,11. 39 1 3.0
3 6.04! 5.0. 1.55—0.6' 9.42 3.5
\l> W Feet I H \V Feet ' L W Feet HW | FeeL
4 101! 3.0 7.1o! 6.2 1 2.4«'-0.91«>.17! 3.0
5| 2.15 2.7 B.'_'o 5.4 3.351-1.210.50! 4.J
6 3.171 2.5 9.20 r».5 4.17 —1.2 II. 1» 4.4
7 4.11 i '2.0 10.17; 6.6 4.58i-1.l 11.48 4.7
8 ; 5.00 1 1.4 11.081 5.5 5.42-0.8 !
Note— ln the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column uives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right,
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but. three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights? given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractiva
from the depth given by 'he charts.
HYDKOGKAIMIIC BULLETIN.
Bkancii Hydroorapiiic OFrrcE., U. S. N. )
MsnciusTs' ExcitAXßE. y'
Rav Francisco. February 20. IR9«. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. e., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtelbb,
' : " J — : Lientennnt U. S. N.. in charge.
SHiri'lXG INTKLLIGKNCJt;.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, February 20.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 10 hours from Santa Cruz;
produce, to Gondall, Perkins & Co.
Btmi Westpori, Peterson, 43 hours from New
port: ballast, to Pollard <& Dodge.
Stmr Scotia, Joiinson, 20 houra from Rockport;
203 M ft lumber, to Glenwood Lumber Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, 57 hours from
Portland, via Asiuria 42 hours; pass and n:<! ,t•> !
Goodall, Perkins <s Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 12 hours from Men- j
docliio, etc; pass and uidse, to -Menducino Lumber ,
Co.
Stmr AValla Walla, Oace, 591.4 hours from
Victoria and Paget sound ports; pas3 and mdse., to
Goodall. Perkins 4 Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 28 days from
' Honolulu; sugar, to Welch <fc Co.
Bktn Retriever, Jttogan, 17 days from' Port Had
lock, via Port Townsend 11 days; lumber and j
laths, to W J Adarus.
• Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 2 days from Fis<s
Mill; 7000 posts, to Krusc <& Euier. Oakland dl- i
rect.
Clearnda ,/
THURSDAY, February 20.
Br slmr Progressist, Pinkbam, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr& sons.
Stmr San Juan, Grundel, Panama; Pacific Mail
Steamship Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, Kan Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins it Co.
: Schr Challencer. Sonerus, .La Libertaa via Seat
tle; John T Wright.
Sailed.
THURSDAY". February 20.
Stmr San Juan, Grunrtel. Panama, etc.
Ktmr Alratraz. Dettmers, Point Arena.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Brass.
Stiur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Del >>orte. Stockfleth. Grays Harbor.
Ger ship <_' H Wasjen. P.runines. Queenstown.
I!r ship Uracadale, Voulden, Sydney.
Schr Anna, McDonald, Mnlmkona.
Schr Seven Sisters, Steinborn, Bowens Landing.
Schr Challenger, Sonerud, La Libertad via ! Seat
tle.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Teleijr:u»tilc.
POINT LOBOS— Februarv 20-10 r it- Weather
cloudy; wind SK; velocity 8 miles.
Oliar-or*.
The schr Fred E Sander loads lumDer at Port
Gamble for Yokohama.
Spoken.
Feb B— Lat 35 05 N, lons 34 47 W. Brbarlt Pass
Of Leny, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
Memorandum. .
COLON", Feb 20— Stmr Finance broke her moor-
Ings last night and went adrift. Heavy woather
prevails and a northerly 'j:ile Is threatening.
Domestic Ports.
NEIIALEM RlVEß— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Al- '
bion. for San Francisco. • ■ • *•
TATOOSH — Passed Feb 20-llaw stmr San
Mateo. from Comox. for Hort Los Angeles: schr F
S Kedfield, from Newport, for Port Blakelev.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Christina Steff
ens. hence Feo 16.
GRAYS H ARBOR— Arrived Feb 19— Schr Annie
Gee. hence Feb 7; Feb 20— a chr La Glronde, Irow
Rertondo: sehr Sacramento, hence Feb 7.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 29— Sell New
ark, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Feh 20— Stmr Queen, hence
Feb 18; stmr Alice Blanchard, hence Feb 14 via
Eureka and Coos Bay.
sailed Feb 80— 8uaf South Coast, for San Fran
cisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feo 20— Stmr Alcazar, fm
Greenwood.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Navarro; schr John A Camp
for Port Blakeley. - ■ i
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Feb 19.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Arago, hence
Feb 18: schr Kli/.a Miller, hence Feb t5.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.'
UMPQUA— SaiIed Feb 19— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco.
POINT AKENA— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Alca
traz, hence Feb l'J. '7 • .'
. Kaxtnrn rn-tn,
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb Stmr Alllanca, for
Colon.
Foreisrn Po»'».
SUNDERLAND— Arrived Feb 10— Br Glen
esslin. hence Oct 3. -~;x i
tOßK—Arrived Feb 18— Br ship Lord Cairns,
hence Oct 16. "ill 1 ,",; , .
GALWAY— Arrived Feb 17— Br ship Glenafton,
from Oreiron. ■
JIONGKONG— Arrived Feb 18-Stmr *>eru, hnc
Jan 18.
Sailed Feb 19— Br stmr Empress of India, for
Vancouver.
' importation*.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena-2118 r r ties
120 M tt lumber, 9 cs plants, 12 aks furs, 1 bdl i)
hides, 1 cs books, ljbx butter, 1 cs fish.
Point Arena— bOOO posts. 20 bxs butter,7 cs e?Ks,
1 coop cnickens, 17 cs tish, ti cs mdse, 3 dressed
boss. 1 sk shells. 2 tons old Iron.
PORTLAND— IVr State of California— 2o3o qr
sks 2286 jrunnies flour. 277 cs ecprs, 5335 sks bran !
54150 sks aborts. 285 sks middlings, 82 sks ore 4'45 I
sfcs onions, 3827 sks potatoes, 584 sks oats, 455 cs
milk. . '
Astoria— l27 sks oysters, 96 pkes barrel stock i
420 bdts shooks, 12 bxs fish. 4 express. '
SALINAS-Pcr Gipsy— l4Bs sks barley.
' Moss Landing— l bx butter, i cs eggs, 1 cood
chickens. : *
; ■ Monterey— 2 sks dry abalones, 1 bx bntter.
SantaCruz— l6 sks 2 crts bones, 122 sks r'atrs 3
sks copper. 10 nkes iron, 1 crt junk, : k lead "4
cs cheese, t$ bdls sacks, 2 bxs butter, 16 bbls KliTe
14 bdls skins, 5 rolls leather, 2 bxs fish, 1450 bbls
lime, 14 pk?s mdse. . .
VANCOUVEK-Per Walla Walla-8517 bacs
rice. t - 3 !
Victoria— 3ls bdls hides and skins, 4 pkzs mdse
10 bales tobacco, 4 sks rubber, 2 plus canvas 11
pkgs rope, 9 pkgs metal, 4 bxs brass, 4 bxs 8' bdiK
cot>ner. , .
• Juneau— l chest tools. Ibx quartz. •
Port Townsend— l pkg mdse, Isk coin
, Sitka— 1 pkg mdse. : .
Douglass Tsland— 1 vault, 1 bx bullion '
' Seattle- 122 bdls green hides, Ibx tinplate, Ici
furs. 2. cs hardware, 1 cs furnishing goo-ls " bdls
bear hides, 2 bills hair seal. 16 pkes incise no
bdlsgreen hides, 93 l.kgs brass, 3 plow bottoms 1
0 fr e> 2 sks COl " 1 2 t lo v. ts household furnishings, 9 I
bxs hsh, 14 sks corn, 6 bxs smoked H3h.
From foreign ports— l keg salt fiah.
Vancouver via CP K R-20 bflls ba«ket ; 8 bbls
grease, 1 bx iron pump, 10 cs \voo<!en hanies 9 cs
mdse, 1 bx corn, 118 cs hats, '21 cs sewiue ma
chines, .81 cks potash, 25 bxa earthenware 3cs
tobacco, 3cs cigarettes. ■-;.-.•■ .«"-'»
Anacortes-3597 sks oats.
New Whatcoru— l csdry goods, 1 piano 200 1 dIV
broom handle 22 bdls hides, 1 bx pictures;" nkg
household goods. 1 sk coin. 8
, Vancouver— bdls staves. 14 bdis headlnjrs . 4
bdls calr hides, 273 bdls green hides, Hfi bdls pelts,
4 l).\s household goods. 1 sewing machine '
m Bverctt— 4-bxs type. 400 keg 3 nails. : 800 bars '
; bullion, 576 bdls 22 cs 5 rolls paper "
Tacoma west of Fnrco-4 pkKs mdse,44o sks ore,
620 sks ti&x, 663 sks oats, 1979 sks wheat. 2222 hf
sks flour, t'o9 sks concentrates. T
Tacoma— ska oones, 20 pkgs household goods^.
llot lumber, 1 balloon, 7 bdls hides,' 29.C00 sks
flour.
JV-Viv-: Conolenon*.
per Gipsy— Ohlanrtt <tCo: Chas Hurley >t Co;
•Norton. Teller <fc Co: Dairymen's Union: Miller A
sop- Hills Hro;: Wlieaton. Breon <i Co: California
Paint Co; D<->(lK". Sweeney A Co; c Carpy <fc Co; K
\V Appianos; H Cowcll Ck>; standard Oil Co: \V
AVittland; II t'owell <t Co; BrlKham. Hoppe <fe Co;
H Dutard : Cal Bottling Co; A Paiadlol; Arctic
Works- Kro:i Tanning Co; PGusmaai; Pac Fruit
M-irket- Murray A St«-inhasen.
* Per Point Arena— MencloclßO Lumber Co; fioldrn
Ga - e Park: Wilson <fc Baechtel;\V B Siimner& Co;
Wheaton, Breon <fc Co: Standard Oil Co: M White:
Mllaal A Co; Boss A Hewlett: Nor:on. Teller A Co;
Busa Sunders *Co; ISohlfl's <t Oerdan ; H Foster A
Co- Martin, IVusitTtt Co; F B Halsht: C G Ga?e:
S Sorenseti; W K Game; W Lemcke; G \V Lass
well; Re'.chen & Co.
i'er Stai* of California— Allen «t Lewis: Jacobson
1 A Co: Otis. McAllister & Co; E R Stevens <t Co; .r
H Cain <Ss Co; .J b*Thomas; Geo Morrow A Co: J N
Knowles: Jonas Erl anger A Co: Wolf «fe Bon;3l I)
Conway: Selby Smelting an l Lead Co; H Dotard;
Dairymen's Union; ii.irl.ti-A Izojoc] ; Dalton Bros:
s Levy .fc Co; MBMor.ighan: Camilloni J:Co;
Wells, Fargo & Co; Clatsop Mill Co; a Carl; Mur
ray it Steiuhacen; Multnomah F (J Union; E D
Willinms: W.R Larzelere Commercial Co; Helve
tia Milk- Co.
Per Walla alia— A Haas <fe Co; IMckins Lum
ber Co: E Markbcr?: Lev! Spiejrel <fc Co; Pacific
Ammonia an i Chemical Works; S H Frank .t Co:
Otis.McAllister & Co: Selby Smelting and Lead Co;
Kittle Co: .1 «liver««>in: H Dutnrd; American
Biseuk o; <'.i Lets! A Co; Moore, t'erguson A Co;
j p Thomas; <;»lbfaith »\: Co: Amer I'reswAssn; V
Tanner; Dunham, Uarrlgan A Co: W (i Kichard
son: Sherman, Ctey <fc Co: V\' a A very: L Feltl
m»n: W BSumnerA Co: Wells, Fargo <f Co: <• W
Howard: BisslngerA Co; Gardiner it Tbornley; 0
G Bennett .fc Co; Welch A: Co: Amos it Dal"la?n:
Main & Winchester; Heller, Jtachman A Co; Trleat
<t Co: American Tobacco Co: Mtrrphy, Grant A Co;
I Langley Michaels; S J Frieuiand^r A Co; O S
, Levy Co: Balfonr, Gntbrie it Co; M Hodge; JP
Martin: Greenbaum, Well Co; Frp.lericlc.sbnr>;
Brewery: Tlllmanii A Bend I: Cbas Harley & Co;
Italian-Swiss Colony; Wleland Brewing Co; M I)
Kent: LLevy&Co: Pacific Rolling Mills; WT
Garrett: W C Pahl: W ifcj HloaneACo; W O Hin
ton; Frank Schweitzer; A T ti M Co; T J Quinn:
«i a Taylor; Kowalsky ft Co; P Hlllens A Co; H \V
Higgins & Co; Bank of California; K H Hanuah.
>'■,)• Lnir. Shipplna l»t>ni'i>- Sre Fifter n ih Pane
OCEAW BTSAMSHIPB:
PACIFIC COAST STEAIBSIIIP COHPAXI
CUT RATES
— —TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Flx*s*t Class dB.OO
ISeoond Class- 4300
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 lew Montgomery Street.
. . GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Ueaeral Agenta.
ASTORIA AIpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 1» Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails February 18 and 2H
feiate of California satis. .February I'A and March 4
From Spear-st. WharfJPier ii-i) at 10 a. J€.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., OaaL Supts.
F. F. CON OK, Geiveral Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPA.U
STEAHSBa WILL SAIL FROM
Broadway wharf, Sau Francisco, ui xt&xsC
follows:
l'"or Mary Island, Ix>rln)?, Wransrel. Juneau. Kil-
i lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a.m., Feo. 14, 9,
i March 15. 80.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
i send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes und Ne-v
j Whatconi (Bellinßham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
! l-eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, •-".. j9. and every fifth
i day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltti
j the C. f. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. tL,
i at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Por; Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing {Hutn-
■ boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. k., F»:b. 3, 7. 11, IS,
10. 23, 'J7, and every if<ir;h day thereafter.-
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco\
Port ILarford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, San'.»
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East >aa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Feb.
1,5. i>. la, 17,21, 25,^9, and every fourth day
thereafter.
Kor San Diego, stopping I only at Port Harford
; (San I.ui3 Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
! Anceles, Redondo (Los Anceles) and Newport. 1L
I a. m., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. and every
l lout -th day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
' Paz, Altata and Guaynias (Mexico), str. Willam-
< ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. • -•'; .. . .
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
WHIK STEAMSHIP GOIPAIT.
iiMHi fci^ Cool^ardie cold flelda
"^yfc (Freemantle), Au^ira-
ja^<^Urt».®V.Alia; $220 first class;
JBtT .P'-'Nni | |(.U« $110 steerage. Lowest
£Kg Zf&S^ZS^toL. rail's to Capetown,
sH/ T^^i» \9k Australian RtPam^r,
Bv/ »«Ae.il\ \W^ JMM'U'AI, sails •■ .t
HSf L^^^Jl^a Honolulu and Auck-
■■! &£fTJI^M L an(1 ', Tnursda >'' Mar^d
TEKSxa^r^&ir'/^&ir Steamship Australia,
r -ci?'**>^^P' Honomiu only, lu -
day, March 10, at 10
Special Parties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and Anr 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BttOS. CO.,
General Agents.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAJSATLAJTIQUfi
French Line to Havre.
pmtPAXY'S PIER (NEW).42 NORTH &*Pk
\J River, foot iii .Morton st. Travelers in- ££^#
this line avoid both transit oy English railway i». ( u
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
.boat. New VorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
ilrst-claas $160: second-class, $116.
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
Feb. 29, If.h
LA NORM A NDiE, Capt. Delonc'.e
'. March 7, 6 a. ic
LAGASCOONE. Capt. Baudelon
.-....•-; ; March 14, 10 a. k
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
March 21, 5 a. m
XKS" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
t No. 3 Bowling (Jteen, New York.
PJ. F. FUGAZI «fc CO., Ageßts, 5 .votu^omery
avenue, San Francisco.
WH/fEJSTAU \m.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
; BETWEEN' !'j
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAIItISTG KVKKY \n)KK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jefjO^
ing to steamer and ncioniniodatiors HaHMB
selectel: second cabin, f35 and «40; Majes.ie nud
Teutonic. Bteersge Tickets from England. Ire-
la!:d, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVER Y, l'aciiic Mail Dock, or at tho
General Ollice oi the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. <.. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
lETHERLHDS AMERICAN STEAJi U\U
GATIOS tOMPANV.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
A. M.
Chpapest route to Europe. First cabin $t5 an<t
upward. Second cabin $36. Jtonnd-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to ull points.
For passage applv to local ticket agent or
Tlli-M.\s i iok & SON, PaclJic Co.ist. jiaasenger
agents, 621 Market St.. S. F.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACKET COMPACT
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPIXWA.Lt. A«IL
O fortnightly for the West Indies and nwdika
Southampton, calling, en route at iCsrbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passensers.
Through bills of la<liru;. In connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. s. Co.. laaaed for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In Enwiand an. l Gecmany.
Through tickets from san Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class,' 195: thlH
•laas. 897 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT * CO., Agents,
■ •■;'•'.< 306 California »t-
STOCITKI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3»_
At 5 I'. Ai* l»aily, iixcciit Suu.lay.
g£g- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAMEU :
T. C. Walker. J . D. Petern,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone .Main SOS. C.u. Nav. andlmpt. Co.
VALLEJO;JU!IR RLlIt, BKM( 14, PORT
COSTA CROCIKTT.
v sti:. BIONTICULLO,
Daily, except Waturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. h.
. and i r. m. ;. Saturday, 12:30 noon-
Sunday— B i\ m.
. *& r. m. only. ■
Lnml Missiou l t I'ier 'imInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
DR. HARMON HAS FRIENDS
The Divorce Case Will Bring
to Light Many Sensa
tions.
MARRIED HIS TYPEWRITER.
Gave Her Brother an Education and
Now He Says They Want
What Is Left.
Oaki.anp Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 20. \
The interrupted flight of Dr. Harmon of
San beandro and the circumstances sur-
PR. HARMON AS HE USED TO APPEAR ON HORSEBACK.
[From a photograph.]
rounding it and leading Tip to it have
drawn forth many expressions of sympa
thy in the town where his home is situ
ated. There aro many who look on the
doctor as a much-abused man.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Harmon's
brother, Dr. Cecil Corwin, an Oakland
dentist, went out to the beautiful nome of
the Harmons at San Leandro. He was
accompanied by a young man named
Wheeler, and they were anxious to get
into the house. Somewhat to their sur
prise, they found the house under the pro- '
tection of a man named Davis, who is a j
servant, and who refused to allow them to
er.ter.
"I was put in charge of this place," said
Davis last night, "and I don't propose to
let any one in. If that was Mrs. Har- i
mon's brother, what right has he corning j
to the house. He knows his sister is in
Oakland, and Dr. Harmon is not here, and
I nave not permission to allow any one to
enter."
The house is luxuriously furnished and
stands in the center of grounds that are
tastefully laid out with flowers and trees.
It is an ideal country home and stands
about half a mile from the county road to
Haywards. In opposition to the usual j
course of family troubles, many of those j
who were neighbors to the Harmons think
the doctor deserves more pity than he is
getting. They refer to the time when he
was a great horseman, when his back was
erect and he was a fine specimen of man
hood. That was before he was attacked
with that dread disease, spinal ataxia, and j
THE BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME OF TliE HARMONS IN SAN LBAICDRO.
[From a photograph.}
whicn he says will end his life in about
four years. It has already almost totally
deprived him of the power of hearing and
speech. Dr. Harmon was a fearless rider
some years ago, and fie and his favorite
dark brown horse formed one ol the most
familiar figures on the county road.
He attributes his present troubles to the
fact that he placed the Corwin family
under big obligations to him. "Ten years
ago," said the doctor, "I met the woman
who is now my wife. At that time sne
was as poor as it was possible to be. She
lived En a leaky little cottage near the bay,
while i.er brother, who is now putting on
no much style upon my money, w^s gather
ing driftwood along the shore. Then the
girl was very sweet and lovable. I took
her into my office as typewriter, and after
ward married her. She remained a lov
able woman until her mother dinned into
her ears stories prejudicial to me. lam
Buffeting from an incurable disease of the
fipine that will eventually result in
paralysis of the legs, and the mother kept
saying that when this came my wife would
l>e compelled to support us boto. When
we had been married' about five years they
pot me to send young Corwin to college,
't cost me $3700 to pay his expenses and
five him proper experience with a compe
tent dentist. I paid $500 cash to fit up bis
office. It is the old story and the phi
losophy that is 4000 years old. They hate
;me because they are under obliga
i tions to me. One day in San Lean
! dro they created a disturbance and
, then called a Deputy Sheriff in and
accused me. My physical condition is
i such that I could not disturb any one'3
peace. The Sheriff held me while my wife
took the baby and left the house. The
baby was the only thing in my solitary
life that was a joy to me. I was trying to
get out of the jurisdiction of the court
when I was arrested. I wanted to go on a
: steamer to the north, so that I could get a
chance to engage attorneys and make a
fight. They wanted to keep me here and
worry me, so the warrant was issued. ]
sent nothing improper to my wife and I
' will prove it in court."
The arrest of Dr. Harmon for disturbing
i the peace occurred before the divorce pro
ceedings were commenced. Dr. Harmon
was taken to Judge Cliffs court and was
released on $100 cash bail. Dr. Cecil Cor
win figures in the record as the complain
ing witness. The case was never pushed,
1 i as the attorneys agreed to let the affair be
i held in abeyance.
Dr. Cecil Corwin says, that Dr. Harmon
has been abusive to his sister, and has
threatened to shoot her. "A favorite form
of abuse," said Corwin, "was to throw soft
boiled eggs at her at breakfast. The doc
tor became so cruel that my sister re
turned to her mother's house, taking her
little girl with her. Then she commenced
suit for her divorce. A few days ago my
sister received a letter in which -was in
closed an obscene valentine. It was a pen
and-ink drawing of a subject Harmon had
in the house at San Leandro. We deter- |
mined to take steps to punish the man for I
his conduct." The manner in which they
punished him has been aheady published.
Mrs. Powers, who resides near the Har
mon house at San Leandro, says that the
doctor made the mistake of marrying a
family, and is now reaping the benefit.
She says that there are two distinct sides
to the story of the Harmon trouble, and
when the divorce case comes to trial there
will be more than one sensation.
Dr. Harmon was in the Police Court this
morning to answer to the charge of mis
demeanor. On the plea that he was at
present suffering acutely from nervousness
his case was postponed for a week.
PROHIBITIONISTS MEET.
The Party's State Central Committee
Meets and Protests Against
the Funding Bill.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— The State
Central Committee of the Prohibition
party met in the Albany Hotel to-day for
the purpose of fixing the time and place
for tbe next State Convention. J. M.
Glass of Pasadena presided, and thpre was
a fair attendance of committeemen from
several interior points. It was decided to
hold the State Convention at Stockton on
May 13 and 14. The following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Retolvd, That it is thf> duty of Congress to
refuse to pass anv funding bill for the exten
sion of the debt of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company to the <iovernment, but that the lien
of the (iovernment on said railroad should be
foreclosed at the earliest opportunity and the
road bid in and operai"l us a public highway
in the interest of the people.
There was a large attendance at the ban
quet to-night at the Albany Hotel. The
following were the toasts ana the speakers:
"Our Slate Work," Hon. J. M. Glass; "Right
eous Minorities," Rev. Philip Graif; "The
Good Citizen's Movement Coming Our Way,"
Rev. William Kader of San Francisco; "Our
Allies, the Good Templars," Rev. J. W. Webb of
Fresno; "Our Wine Industry," C. F. Clark of
Napa; "Our Chained Friend (Woman)," Mrs.
l)r. C. McCargar; "The Blind I'arson," Dr. 11.
Calhoun of Alameda; 'The Tenderfoot," T. H.
Montgomery; "The Resolves," Dr. Robert
Bentley; "The Tress," C. A. Tupper; "Our
Local Ticket," Joseph. Humphreys; "The W.
0. T. U., Miss M. A. Thompson.
Republican Ladies.
Miss Addie Ballou deliv.Ted a stirring ad
dress at last night's meeting of the Thirty
fourth District Republican Club. She spoke of
the part taken by women in the Civil War and
urged her hearers to select a man such as Lin
coln was for their standard-bearer in the coin
ing campaign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
MAJORS AS A SCAPEGOAT
The Boy Burglar Has No Hope
of Securing an At
torney.
HINTS AT A REVELATION.
Burt Willmore Seems to Have Many
Friends, but His Partner Is
Forsaken.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 20. J
Abe Majors is in trouble. He is in jail
awaiting trial for burglary along with his
boy companion in crime, Burt Willmore.
But the lots of the two boys are very dif
ferent. Willmore is well supplied and will
have able attorneys to plead for him.
Majors has nothing and does not know
which way to turn for an attorney.
Majors' mother is a widow and all the
world seems to have turned on her until
life is such that she says the grave would
be preferable. Her former husband, who
is now in the City Prison, has succeeded in
turning her own son Archie against her,
and now she does not know which way to
look for relief.
The Willmore boy has friends and many
of them. The little home of the Wilhnores
was frequently visited by many people and
now that they are in difficulty there is no
trouble in getting them to come forward
and help save Burt from the penitentiary.
Majors expresses a doubt as to the age
of his companion. He seems to realize
that being the unfortunate son of an un
fortunate father, advantage is being
taken of this to make him the
scapegoat for Willmore. In conversation
this afternoon at the jail young Majors
conveyed the impression that there is an
unwritten cnapter in t!ie mystery sur
rounding the career of the young safe
crackers and that it might soon be told.
Only the romantic affection feit by Abe to
ward Ina. the young daughter of Mrs.
Willmore, prevents him from telling all,
but at present his lips are sealed as far as
anything is concerned that has not already
been published. He feels that he has been
thrown over by the family of Bert Will
more, and as they were partners in more
than crime the effect of it is to embitter
his mind toward all but Ina.
One of the friends of Majors is endeav
oring to procure birth certificates so that
the ages of the boys may be truly known.
It is said that Wilmore is older than his
mother has given out and that he is the
senior of Majors.
"I do not believe Archie sent any mes
sage up here by Wagner," said Mrs. Wag
ner. "All that reference to a man named
Nau stopping at my house is entirely
false. He boarded there for a time anil
when he pot too fresh I threw him and
his trunk into the street. Ever since that
time he has tried all in his power to injure
me. I do not think Archie woula will
ingly say a word against his mother."
POLICE COI'KT CONTEMPT.
The Habeas Corpus Proceedings Under
Advisement.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. 20.— The habeas
corpus proceedings that will determine the
validity of the Whitney act, upon which
the Oakland Police Court i3 founded, was
argued to-day before Judge Ellsworth. As
the. same points are involved a* in the
contempt proceedings of Attorney Garrity,
it was consented that such issues as
are common to both cases should be
argued at once.
Attorney M. C. Chapman addressed the
court occupying ihc greater portion of the
forenoon in argument upon the claim that
the Whitney act creating police courts in
cities having "30,000 and less than 100,000
inhabitants'' is unconstitutional, because
it is special legislation. Counsel asserted
that an act to be general must apply to all
cities in the same class in like manner. It
was argued that the designation of the
Whitney act as applicable to cities having
"30,000 and less thun 100,000 inhabitants''
does not conform to the general Jaw, which
designates cities of the second class as
cities of "more than 30,000 and not to ex
ceed 100,000 inhabitant?."
Mr. Chapman then claimed that the act
was a special one and therefore illegal.
Messrs. Reed and Nusbauruer appeared
with the District Attorney lor the people,
and at the conclusion of the arguments
Judge Ellsworth intimated that his de
cision would be in favor oJ the legality of
the court.
Olsen I>ecdß Declared Void.
OAKLAND, OAL.Feb. 20.— Judge Ogden
has rendered a decision in the case tried
some time ago when Dorothea Olsen
claimed she had been led to sign a deed
to her property In Alameda and San Fran
cisco, valued at $12, 000, on representation
that she was signing a civil contract mar
ring.- wiih Peter Olsen. The court set
aside the deed and awarded her the prop
erty. Olsen is about half the age of the
woman. He married her and then they
finally separated. Subsequently they made
up and were to be married by a civil mar
riage. He claimed that she deeded him j
the property to get him to marry her.
Olsen has served a term in the Countv
Jail for battery on his aged wife.
Fortln's Position.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— C. L. Max
well, one of the committee appointed by
the creditors of the V. L. Fortin Brick
Company to endeavor to bring about a set
tlement, says: "I am satisfied that the
attain of the company will be adjusted in
a manner to enable Mr. Fortin to begin
work again. He is well known and the
cause of his trouble is due more to busi
ness depression than to any other cause.
The creditors have no desire to hurt him.
I think the attachments which have been
levied against the property of the firm will
be removed at the meeting of the credi
tors which will be held in San Francisco
next Saturday afternoon."
Silver Water Service.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— The dep
uties of the District Attorney's oftice re
membered their chief. Charles E. Snook,
on his thirty-third birthday anniversary
yesterday afternoon with an elegant 3ilver
water service. The presentation was made
by Chief Deputy L. 8. Church, who voiced
the esteem and good wishes of Mr. Snook's
associates. Mr. Snook made a feeling re
ply. There were present at the presenta
tion Deputies L. S. Church, 11. A. Melvin,
Frank Thwaite, Carl Wood, Carlton
Greene, A. A. Moore Jr. and Frank
Thompson.
Merchant* Asked to Close.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— President
Thomas Carpenter of the Washington's
birthday celebration committee has is
sued the following appeal to the mer
chants:
The Washington's birthday celebration com
mittee takes this means to appeal to the mer
chants of Oakland to close their stores and
places of business on Saturday, February 23,
1800. There is to be a large parade in the
moraine:, aiKl many will not be able to parade
if the business houses are not closed.
Women's Press Club Keception.
OAKLAND, Cai,., Feb. 20.— A reception
was given to the members of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association last
evening by Mrs. B. 8. Marshall, at her
home, 661 Knox avenue.
Foresters' Ball.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Feb. 20.— The sixth
grand annual ball given by Court IT. S. of
A. No. 38, Foresters of America, will take
place in Germania Hall Saturday evening
next.
HISTOKY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Feb. 20. j
The opening of Shell Mound Park for the
picnic season of 1896 will take place Sunday,
March 1.
Charles A. Landis, accused of offering to ac
cept a bribe in a Police Court liquor case, has
been acquitted.
William C. Longstreet of this city has been
granted a patent on a burglar alarm and T. 11.
Montgomery one on a roof cleat for painters.
Peter Fumyea, the well-known liveryman,
has had another attack of the illness which
confined him to his home for several months
recently, but is reported somewhat improved
to-day.
Lizzie G. NewDorthas brought suit for a di
vorce from Thomas L. Newport. She alteges
cruelty and desertion as the grounds of acnon.
Her attorneys are E. M. Gibson and Ben F.
Woolner.
The funeral of J. A. Hammerberg, who was
killed in t lie Laundry Farm Accident, was held
from Albert Brown's parlors yesterday after
noon and was attended by a large number of
the friends of the deceased.
Clyde Madsen, a seven-year-old schoolboy,
residing with his uncle, Julius Madsen, at
LSI! Market street, was run over and severely
injured last evening by a wagon belonging to
the Greeley Wood Company.
Isabella Kirkaldie was examined before the
Lunacy Commissioners to-day as to her sanity
and was discharged. She lives on Fifth street,
near Franklin. Her trouble is due to other
causes than mental weakness.
The residence of George Johnson, a con
tractor and carpenter, on Clareraont avenue,
beyond Temceal, was destroyed by fire early
yesterday morning with all its contents. The
family were all in San Francisco at the time.
Judce Ogden has denied the motion for a
new trial in the case of L. Fox against the Oak
land Consolidated Electric rond. Fox recov
ered $6,000 for the death of a young child who
was killed by a Franklin-stree; car some years
ago.
County Clerk Jordan announces that regis
tration "amdavits, which have been sent to
voters in live wards of the city already, will be
forwarded to the Sixth and Seventh Wards
within a few days. After they have been
served the outside precincts will get their affi
davits.
The Livermore League of Progress has
adopted a resolution in which it declares itself
ready and anxious to extend every effort possi
ble a"ud practicable to aid aud encourage the
extension of the Alamcda ami San Joaquin
Valley road through the Livermore Valley to
the S.".n Francisco itay and urges farmers, land
owners and citizens to organize for the pur
pose of procuring rights of way for the road
through the valley.
ALAMEDA REPUBLICANS.
Some Feeling Between the Two
Clubs in the Encinal
Arrest of Santos For a Very Old
Offense— Water Rates for
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— The antago
nism between tbe two Alameda Republi
can clubs was accentuated Wednesday
night when twenty-seven members in a
body formally withdrew ■ from the Ala
meda Republican Club to cast their for
tunes with the "Regular" Alameda Re
nubiican Club, and when members of the
former, anticipating some such action, re
ported the accession cf 432 new members, as
the result of individual effort on the partol
eight of their number. The roll of the
main club is now T-'IL. 1 , after deducting the
twenty-seven who desired to withdraw
and who were permitted to go in peace.
The split in the local Republican rank
is difficult to explain, but is general!
asserted to be on account of the persona
ambitions of men prominent in part
work. The larger club, to set itself righ
on this subject, has adopted a set of reso
lutions declaring its "absolute indepen
dence in the matter of the ambition to till
public office of any individual or set of in
dividuals," and further declaring that it
will view "with extreme disfavor any at
tempt to make use of its influence or pres
tige by any individual or set of individuals
so inclined"."
The names of the twenty-seven who
withdrew are: Charles W. retry, William
Iligby, Edward Houston, 11. L. Zimmer
man, George W. Caswell, W. S. Risley
Edward A. yon .Schmidt, John Santine, i
Glissman, F. W. Thompson, D. Nissen, J
C. Larsen, Otto Leydecker, John 1
Walker, G. C Brooke, J. W. Winks, A. I
Harulin, P. W. Craig, J. J. Armstrong,
H. Chandler, J. P. Hawkins, J. H. Banta
E. I). Dennison, E. Bell, J. 11. Terrill, t
Speiper, C. J. Hammond, James B. Barbe
I. P. Clarke, Harry A. Dean.
An V n pleasant Cnse.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— The arres
of Santos, a Portuguese negro, on a charge
of abusing little girls is a proceeding that
has some queer features. The arrest was
the result of an investigation by Mrs.
Prescott, secretary of the Humane Society,
and the complaining witness was Susai:
Petranek, a girl 14 years old, who fixes the
date of the offense on July 4, 1*94, when
she was 12 years old. Santos was arrested
a year ago on a similar charge as to an
older Petranek girl, but got off onatechni
cality. He is a tall, not very intelligent
negro of hideous appearance because of a
mistit glass eye. He has a little home,
which he lives in alone, and is reputed to
have some money. The Petraneks are his
neighbors, and are not of a very high class
of people. The case attracts no attention in
Alametla, as it in an episoite in very low
life, and implicit confidence cannot be
placed in the statements of complaining
witnesses. Santos, in his former case, em
ployed R. B. Tappan, and after the at
torney had got him clear, accepted the ad
vice of an Oakland attorney to pur a home
stead on his place so that his attorney
could not collect his fee. Now he has
again employed Tappan, making an
agreement to pay all obligations.
A Uniqne Production.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— The enter
tainment given by the "Influential Order
of Chocolate Bonbons" at Linderman
Opera-house was high-class and thorough
ly successful. The affair was a decided
novelty and was entirely new to this coast.
The participants in the meeting of the
"Influential Order" were ail ladies and
members of Unity Circle of the Unitarian
church. They were dressed in brown
skirts and white waists, representing
chocolate bonbons, and conducted a meet
iner which abounded in humor, song and
dance. All the selections were excellent,
considerable time having been given to the
securing of good talent for the production.
C. Davis of this city wrote the libretio and
Theodore Yogt the score.
Xotes of Interest.
Alameda Parlor No. 18, Native Daugh
ters, give a masquerade ball this evening
at Armory Hall.
Frank G. Thomas and W. T. Platt will
represent the Alameda cyclers in tbe
twenty-five mile road race to-morrow.
A Chinese laundry-wagon was struck by
a locomotive of a freight train at 2 o'clock
yesterday at Willow-street station. The
"wagon was demolished and the horse
fatally injured.
G. W. Leydecker of Alameda and J. M.
Richards of Vallejo, both breeders and
trainers of homing pigeons, have arranged
a match with twelve birds, to fly from
Ashlann, Or., in June next.
The Wilson school will have patriotic
exercises to-day commemorating Wash
ington's birthday. Principal True will be
in charge.
Ayamada, the Japanese boy arrested on
a charge of battery sworn to by Mrs. Lund
quist, was found guilty of technical as
sault, confessing that he laid his hands
upoii the complainant.
THE INSTITUTE DIVIDED
Northwestern Grand Council Or
dered for the Catholic
Society.
SUPREME COUNCIL SURPRISES.
News From Denver That the Next
Annual Meeting Must Be Held in
May at Haywards.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway. Feb. 20. f
The Supreme Council of the Young Men's
Institute, now in session at Denver, has
prepared a big surprise for the whole of
California. It has advanced the date of
the twelfth Grand Council of the State of
California from the first Monday in August
to May 19.
This decision has taken all the local
councils by surprise and is of special inter
est to Haywards, which town captured the
Grand Council for this year, after a stub
born fight at Vallejo last August.
The information was conveyed to Grand
Secretary Stanley in a telegram from Grand
President John Lynch of Oakland, who is
now attending the Supreme Council at
Denver. The dispatch was very short and
merely announced that the twelfth Grand
Council would convene in Haywards May j
19 instead of August, and that a Northwest j
Grand Council would convene in Portland,
Or., on the same date.
Grand Secretary Stanley sent word to the
local councils to-day, and as less than
three months elapse before the 400 dele
gates must meet at Haywards, the usual
friendly struggles for the honor of repre
senting the lodges all over the State must
commence at once. A special meeting of
the grand directors has been called for
Monday, March 2, and representatives
from the Haywards council have been re
quested to attend.
A mass-meeting of citizens has been
called to meet at Luce Hall, Haywards.
next Monday evening to take immediate
action to prepare for the holding of the
Grand Council, and to provide for the en
tertainment of the visitors.
Frank B. Hooson, chairman of the exec
utive committee in charge of the Grand
Council, was very much surprised by the
sudden change of date. Tne time at the
disposal ol the committee to make the
necessary arrangements has been short
ened by one-half, and some very energetic
work will be necessary to insure a success
ful council that will be a credit to the Aia
meda County town.
"We made many promises at Vallejo,"
said Mr. Hooson to-night, "and of course
we shall have to redeem them all. One of
our attractions, however, must of necessity
fail to materialize. We talked a good deal
about the prolusion of fruit that we would
distribute among our guests, but although
the Supreme Council has placed us in a
position where we have to hurry it cannot
play the same trick with nature.
"We have to raise about s3ooo to fittingly
carry out the programme as originally in
tended and we must get this in at once.
Our committees were all named some time
ago, so we are in a good position for work
and will go right ahead. It has been the
desire of Haywards for years to get the
Grand Council of the Young Men's Insti
tute, and so it will be necessary for every
body to get in and work without delay.
Already we have several substantial prom
ises and 1 do not anticipate any difficulty
to doing justice to our town, although we
would naturally have preferred August."
SFI.EXDID PROGRAMME
Arranged for Saturday Night by the
Y. M. I.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— The leaders
in the Youne Men's Institute have been
quietly at work since December to have a
grand celebration on the evening of Wash
ington's birthday. The first move was to
secure a building sufficiently large to ac
commodate all who might hear their pro
gramme. After casting about it was de
cided to use the Exposition building, so it
was secured. A general committee of
arrangements was named from the local
councils as follows:
At large— (irand President John Lynch.
Oakland Council No. o— Charles J. Harring
ton, R. If. Hammond and G. \V. Brown.
Amerk-an Council No. B— F. D. Realy, James
Henneberry and Martin Ilunes.
Fraternity council No. 31— M. A. Mclnnis,
C. 11. O'Connor and JaruesT. Carey.
The committee organized by selecting officers
as follows: W. V. Harrington, chairman ; J. S.
Gilmore, secretary; D. McCarthy, treasurer; I>.
J. ilallahan, chief usher.
The committee has arranged a twenty
page programme, giving a history of the
order and of each of the local councils,
with half-tone pictures of their principal
officers, which will be distributed free.
The entertainment is open to the puhlic
and all are cordially invited to attend.
The following programme will be rendered,
beginning at 8 o'clock:
Overture, orchestra : opening address, Chair
man \V. J. Hennessey; vocal solo, "Columbia,
the Gem of the Ocean," Miss Lottie Crawford
of St. Joseph's choir; recitation, Edward C.
Manus; music, orchestra; duet, "The Two
Sailors," J. W. Folen and K. G. Drady; oration,
Rey. Arthur M. Clark, C. S. P; vocal solo,
"Star-spangled Banner," \V. Claire Wilson;
quartet, "Sword of Bunker Hill," St. Mary's
College quartet, J. W. Solen, G. E. Hayward,
It. G. Draily and 11. J. Swords; "America," by
the audience; music, orchestra.
NEW SYSTEM AT ALTRURIA
Rev. E. B. Payne Speaks Con
cerning the Difficulties of
the Colony.
Youthful Disturbers of the Peace.
President Jordan Will Lecture.
Items of Interest.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The news
of the abandonment by the Altrurians of
their social-colony scheme at Mark West
is of interest to many residents of Berke
ley, in which town the famous colony was
organized.
One of the most prominent of the pro
jectors of AHruria when it was organized
in 1894 was Rev. E. B. Payne of the Uni
tarian church of Berkeley. Mr. Payne
has been a leader in all the enterprises of
Altruria.
"The band of fraternal workers at Al
truria has been obliged to succumb to
financial obstacle?," said Mr. Payne to
day. "The hard tiroes, together with the
failure of promised aid, have made the at
tempt of the colonists an exceedingly diffi
cult one, and the association became con
vinced that it oueht to close up some part
or its affairs while it was yet able to pro
vide for the payment of its obligations.
"The association is still in existence »s an
rncorporation and it will continue as such,
though its efforts in the direction of found
ing a colony will be discontinued. Our
paper, the Altrurian, will be continued
and will be the organ of the association."
The reasons for the move made by the
Altrurians are shown in the following
resolutions passed by the association:
Whereas, This association entered on its
work last July under the burden of a heavy
debt inherited from the previous experiment;
and whereas, it also faced the necessity of rais
ing and paying a considerable sum of money
annually toward the purchase of the land; and
whereas", the financial aid which was confi
dently expected from various sources for meet
ing these ohiisations and demands has failed
to appear; mid whereas, the present resources
and productive power oi the association are
not sufficient to provide means for our under
taking under the conditions above cited;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the members of the asso
cia'.ion, deem it necessary tj suspend, and do
Rev. Dr. Payne.
hereby vote to suspend our practical opera
tions for the establishment of a colony, and
Resolved, That wo will maintain the associa
tion intact for such other work as we may find
to be feasible under our articles of incorpora
tion.
The New Comet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— Professor
Leuschner of the students' observatory has
completed his computations on the new
comet discovered by Mr. Perrine of the
Lick Observatory. The comet is moving
at the rate of 1,f>00, 000 miles a day and is
rapidly approaching the earth, but not so
directly that a collision may be antici
pated. Professor Leuschner says the I
comet is likely to approach near enough
to the earth to be visible with the naked
eye.
Registration Movements*
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— County
Clerk Jordan has instructed his Berkeley
deputies for registration purposes to
record the streets, house numbers and
streets between which voters who register
live, as well as the side of the street, but
not to take noie of the ward numbers.
Registration affidavits are being returned
very rapidly and the work of registration
is progessing with unusual dispatch.
Odd Fellows' Celebration.
BERKELEY, Cat,.. Feb. 20.— Berkeley
Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F., celebrated the
eighteenth anniversary of its organiza
tion in this place to-day.
The Veteran Odd Fellows and the grand
officers were the guests of the local order
this evening. Addresses were delivered
by Past Grand Sire Harmon, Grand Secre
tary Shaw and Senior Scribe W. 11.
Barnes. Past Grand Master William H.
Hill officiated as chaplain.
Youthful Disturbers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20. - Oliver
I Martin and William Davis Jr., two West
i Berkeley boys, were arrested last night
near Sisterna Hall by Deputy Marshal
Rawson, ou charges of "malicious mischief.
They boys are declared to have attempted
to break up a social and to have used in
sulting language to pedestrians who passed
them.
Lecture by Dr. Jordan.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford University
; will lecture at Stiles Hall to-morrow even
i ing on "The Dbappearance of Great Men
I From Public Life." The lecture will be
i under the auspices of the local Unitarian
Society, it being the second of a series
being delivered on alternate Friday even
ings.
Addregg by Dr. "lore I and.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— Rev. Wil
liam H. Moreiand, M.D., rector of St.
Luke's Episcopal Chuach, San Francisco,
will deliver the first of three sermons on
"The Three Temptations of Our Blessed
Lord," at St. Mark's, Berkeley, to-morrow
evening.
Lecture Postponed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The lec
ture prepared by the late ,T. H. Oswald,
which was to have been delivered at the
j Columbia Theater, San Francisco, for thft
j benefit of the students' loan fund of the
State University, has been postponed to
Friday afternoon, March 5.
In Memory of Washington.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— Tne pupils
of Columbus school rendered a lengtuy
programme to-day commemorative of
Washington's birthday. The building
. was handsomely decorated for the occa
sion with flags, (lowers and bunting.
BENCH DID NOT FORGE
A Neat Question Decided by the
Supreme Court in a
Criminal Case.
Fraudulent Signatures by an Agent
Cannot Be Called
Fo*geries.
Simon Bendit has been given another
chance by <he Supreme Court and the
chance promises to be a valuable one un
less a more suitable charge than forgery
can be brought against him. Bendit was
sentenced to fourteen years in prison.
The charge was that Bendit had forged
the firm name "William Cluff & Co."
to a receipt for money, and he passed the
paper to G. W. Hume & Co., realizing
$7f» 20 on the transaction. In the presence
of the cashier of Hume & Co. Bendit
signed the receipt, adding "per A. B."
after it. It is to this last little piece
of forethought that Bendit owes his respite.
The Supreme Court holds that this places
the signature beyond the limits of forgery
and the court orders that the judgment be
reversed, adding, "Of course another trial
upon the theory upon which the first trial
was conducted would be useless."
In commenting upon the case the court
says :
It is quite clear that the facts stated do not
constiiute forgery. When the crixne is charged
to be the false making of a writing, there must
be the mating of a writing which falsely pur
ports to be the writing of another. The falsity
must be in the writing itself in the mami
script. A false statement of fact in the body
of ihe instrument, or a false assertion of
authority to write another's name, or to sign
his name as agent, by which a person is de
ceived or defrauded," is not forgery. There
must be a design to pass as the genuine writ
ing of another person that which is not the
writing of such other person. The instrument
must fraudulently purport to be what it
Is not. And there was nothing of the kind in
the case at bar. There was no pretense that
"Wm. CluS & Co." was the genuine signature
of that fim. It was written by appellant him
seli in the presence of the party who paid the
money; he added the initials A. B. to it; and
he was understood to be acting as the agent of
the firm, and to have written the name Clnfl
& Co. by himself as such aetut. By the=c acts
he may have committed some crime, but he
did not commit forgery.
Delinquent Taxes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— Since the
publication of the delinquent tax list last
Monday the taxes have been coming in
quite rapidly. City Treasurer Wheeler
reports that $9000 lias been paid in up to
date. The delinquent list this year reached
larger proportions than last, amounting to
$8469 68, to which is attached a penalty of
|423 48.
NOTHING BUT OLD GLORY.
Grand Army, National Guard
and Veteran Firemen to
Be in Line.*
ELEVEN HISTORIC FLOATS.
Completed Arrangements for Oak«
land's Great Washington's
Birthday Parade.
Oakland Office Sa>- Francisco Call,}
90S Broadway, Feb. 20. j
The Jadies of Alameda County have for
the first time come prominently to the
front in making a public parade a success.
Not only have they taken in hand the ex
ecutive department, but they have con
sented to appear in patriotic floats and to
add an imposing ladies' cavalcade to the
other features of the procession.
On the various committees there are
about forty people, and half of them are
ladies. Mrs. S. M. Martin has worked
ha,d on the press committee with Mrs.
Etinis and H. Pugh. Among the other
ladies who have prepared a monster bis
torial parade that nothing but Pluvius can
dampen are: Miss Anita Jarvis, Miss
Grace La Rue, Mrs. Ida Gardiner, Mrs.
Paulson, Mrs. Ennis, Mrs. Racardo, Mrs.
L. Cowan, Mrs. Wright, Mrs. J. E. Hen
derson and Mrs. A. Larsen.
The grand marshal has issued the fol
lowing complete programme of the make
up of the parade, which includes more
public bodies and secret societies than
have ever participated in any one pageant
in this city:
Aids to tho grand marshal will report
mounted to the chief of staff at 9 o'clock at tho
Hall of Records.
Invited puests will assemble at the City Hall
at 0:45 o'clock, where they will be received by
the committees on invitation and parade and
assigned to carriages.
The various divisions must be in position as
signed promptly at 10 o'clock.
Marshals of divisions will report promptly to
the chief of stall tiirough an aid when divi
sions are formed.
The headquarters of the grand marshal dur
ing the formation of the parade will be at the
Hall of Records.
The battalion of police will form on Broad
way, facing Washington street, the right resu
ing on Second street.
A rowing regatta will be held on Lake Mer
ritt at 2 p. m.
Citizens along the route of the procession are
requested to decorate their places of business
ami their residences.
Literary exercises will be held at 8 P. M. in
the First Congregational Church, corner of
Twelfth and Clay streets.
None but the nag of the United States of
America will be allowed in the parade. This
does not exclude society banners.
Advance— Chief of Police, C. E. Lioyd
(mounted); police captain, A. Wilton
(mounted); first sergeant, 8. E. Hodfrkins
(mounted); company of police, Captain W. I*.
Fletcher commanding: grand marshal, Henry
P. Dalton (gold sash); chief of staff, Samuel P.
Bodwell (red, white and blue sash); color
bearer bugler; aids to grand marshal, W. B.
Hodges, K. W. Brower. 0. W. Petrie, F. E.
Pierce, E. A. Sherman Jr., IX AY. Martin, C. L.
Pierce, J. W. Lwymanee. G. I. Taggart, Theodore
Gier, W. Matthews, C. L. Bell, W. M. Gardner,
H. L. Weitzel, G. U. Vose Jr., A. Humphreys,
A. B. Tennant, J. E. Holmes, N. W. Leitch, J.
G. Charters, William Higby, Dr. R. W. Rodgers,
E. I>. Lane, W. N. Pierce (blue sashes); float
(American flag).
First division— C. K. King, marshal (red
sash); aids— C. H. lngerson.S. K. King. Fifth
Regiment band; Second Battalion A, Fifth
Regiment Infantry, N. G. C, Major. l. F. Hayes
commanding; *Compauy A, Fifth lufantry,
Captain T. C. Poulter commanding, Second
Lieutenant J. M. Vauphn; Company F, Fifth
Infantry , Captain G. 11. Weithern commai;<l
ing, First lieutenant W. 11. Cobbledlcki Second
Lieutenant S. E. Wand; ('omcanyii, Fifth In
fantry, Captain W. F. Chipman commanding,
First Lieutenant W. W. Simpson; lloat (W'nsh-
I ington and Cherry Tree). G. A. R.— Lyon Post
| No. 6, G. A. -Norton commanding; Appomattox
Post No. 50, J. I". Pierce commanding; Porter
Post No. 169. Float, (Washington at Valtey
Forge); Mexican War Veterans(in carringes)";
president of day, J. A. Lands; Major E. A.
Sherman, Hon. George C. I'ardee, Rev. Dr. R.
F. Coyle.
Second division— E. C. Lyon, marshal (red
sash); aids— C. C. Gilbert, A. E. Isaac, A. L.
Todd. Float (Washington crossing Delaware):
Veteran Firemen's band; Veteran Firemen of
San Francisco and Oakland; float (Cornwallis
surrendering to Washington;) N. S. G. W. ;
Knights of Pythias; Chosen Friends; Nine
teenth Century Generation.
Third division— C. H. Ingerson, marshal (red
sash); aids, C. C. Dryden, C. A. Waterbury, C. E.
Randolph. Float (Tnirteen States); Second
Artillery band; Uncle Sam; First Battalion;
patriotic citizens; float (Forty-five States); Sec
ond Battalion. Junior O. U. A. M.— San Fran
cisco Councils: George A. Custer Council 22,
James Monroe Council 24, Paul Revere Coun
cil 28, John A. Logan Council 31, Henry Clay
Council 3-i. Spirit of 1776; float (Red, White
and Blue); patriotic ladies; Ladies' Cavalcade,
Miss Abbie R. Taggart commanding; carriages
containing County Board of Supervisors, Mayor
Davie, Board of Public Works, Board of
Education, City Council.
Fourth division— E. A. von Schmidt mar
shal (red star); aids— W. H. F. Behrens, Charles
Ruppricht, A. O. Twist (blue star). Drum
corps: Company 1), Second Regiment, B. B. C,
L. X. ( obliledick, captain, commanding ; float,
schoolhouse; First Battalion; High School, J.
15. McChesney principal; Durant School, 8. G.
S. Dunbar principal; Garfield School, Mrs.
Ellen Gibbs principal; Grove-street School,
Mrs. N. D. Standeford principal; thirteen
States, pupils of Lincoln School: Lincoln
School, T. U. Crawford principal; Swett School,
J. H. Sumner principal; float, Utah
coming into the Union; Second Bat
talion; Cole School, G. W. Frick princi
pal; Franklin School, J. F. Chandler principal;
Grant School, Miss Elizabeth Powell principal;
Harrison School, Miss H. M. Mullen principal;
Laftiyette School, Miss A. F. Aldrich principal;
Prescott School, C. F. Gullck principal; Tomp
icins School, C. E. Markhßm principal; Third
Battalion; Piedmont Public School; Peralta
Public School; Otolden Gate Public School;
Emervviile Public School; Alameda public
schools; Berkeley public schools; Temescal
Public School.
Fifth division— George Baxley, marshal (red
i sash) ; aids— E. W. Craig, Louis Kreiss (blue
sash). Cavalcade of men (P. J. Keller com
manding) ; bicycles; Fire Department.
Aluineda Water Rates.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— 1f the Board
of City Trustees takes action at its next
meeting in accordance with a conclusion
arrived at "Wednesday night at a special
meetine the income of the Artesian Water
Works will be reduced some SfGOOO for the
year beginning July 15 of this year. The
rates to individual consumers will remain
as it is now— 3o cents a thousand gallons —
but for street sprinkling it will be 10 in
stead of 20 and for flushing sewers 10 in
stead of 30. For rent of hydrants the rate
will be $1 instead of $2.
TO-DAY.
Surgeon = General
FRENCH ARMYj
, THE IDEAL TONIC
•• . . . During long, tedious
marches, the soldiers found,
instant relief from fatigue and
hardships, when using this;
marvelous (
| Mailed Fne.L: *™™
t : Descriptive Book with Testimony and
I Portraits ' :'
j OF NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable. '-- \
JSrcry Test Troves Reputation. I
Arold Substitutions. Ask for * Yin Harianl.'
. At Druareists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
I Uxwooa: 535 Oxford SlretU ' __..__r-^
1314
NEARLY CAME TO A CLASH.
Difference Between the Boards
of Health and Educa
. tion.
LONGFELLOW SCHOOL CLOSED.
Attorney Creswell Calms the Troubled
V, . ters and Prevents a
Conflict.
The advice of City nnd County Attorney
Creswell alone prevented a difficulty of a
serious nature between the lionrus of
Health and Education yesterday afternoon
over the closing of the Longfellow School.
The official notification from the Health
Ollice of the action of the board in order
ing the school closed reached the ottice of
the Superintendent of Schools yesterday
morning, ;ind Superintendent Babcock at
once telephoned President Podge and
«»ked hi^ advice on tne mutter. Mr.
Dodge hurried to the Superintendent's
and the two officials went to the
-st reet institution of learning.
re they found Health Inspector
Stout of the Sixth District, who had just
served a notice on the principal ordering
her to dismiss her pupils at once and keep
the school closed until such time as the
Board <.>f Health should declare the insti
tution to be in a good sanitary condition.
Mr. Babcock immediately visited the
principal and told her not to obey the
orders^ as the School Department did not
recognize the ntlu <>: the Board of Health
to interiere with school matters.
This conflict of authority brought a
statement from the inspector that the
Board of Health had fully determined on
closing the school on account of a threa;
ened epidemic of scarlet fever, and that lie
would insi>t i'ii the orders being observed
Ly the principal.
"That's all right," said the Superintend
ent; "thi^ school is not going to close un
it-- by the orders of the iioard of Educa
tion. * If you interfere with it in any way
1 will have you arrested."'
To make sure of his position Inspector
Stout relumed to the Health Office and
consulted Health Officer Lovelace. That
officer said there was nothing to be done
but to carry out the orders of the board,
and that Superintendent Babcock and
President Dodge were liable to arrest if
they prevented the carrying out of the
sanitary regulations.
In order to make the matter perfectly
legal formal notices were served on the
Superintendent ami President Dodge, tell
ing them plainly thai the Board of Health
would not consent to allow the school to
remain open until the sanitary arrange
ments are so changed that the healtu of
the pupils will not be endangered.
Arer reading the notices Superintendent
BabcuCu and President Dodge announced
in plain language that tney did not recog
nize the authority of the board, and in dip
lomatic language announced that ttie
school would not be closed. •
Both contended that the school was not
in bad condition, but the contrarv, and
rintendent Babcock requested Dr.
»ce to visit the school with him this
morning and explain what was oDjection
the sanitation.
I>r. Lovelace consented and said that he
vouid try to have a special meeting of the
Board of Health called to see what could
be dune toward bringing the matter to au
amicable settlemen*.
Dr. Morse was in the Health Office when
Dr. Lovelace and Inspector Stout returned
and a consultation was at once held, with
the result that an order was issued to go
ahead an*l post notioesdeclaring the school
closed and to take precautions to see that
It was kept closed, even should it result in
warrants ijein^ issued for the arrest of the
educaiurs. In the meantime Bnperin
■ .t Babcock and President Dod<,'e had
c.ilel Attorney Creswell into consulta
tion and askea his opinion as to the best
course to be pursued.
At first it was me intention to keep the
school open at all hazards, but when it
was learned that such action would inev
itably precipitate a conflict with the health
otticials and result in the arrest of the
intendeut and president cooler coun
sel prevailed and it was determined to
close the school to-'lay. As Saturday is a
holiday, Attorney Creswell will have time
to prepare a written opinion by the time
tlie school should open Monday, and on
his opinion will depend whether the
threatened clash takes plh.ee.
"iher case of scarlet fever was re
ported from the Lonefeilow School yester
day, and it is probable that the Board of
Health will insist that the school is kept
closed until the sanitary arrangements are
entirely replaced witii modern appliances
and the threatened epidemic is stamped
out.
THE SOUS OF AMERICA
National Secretary Stees Reviv
ing This Patriotic Order
Here.
It Teaches Americanism, but Does Not
Dd Practical Politics as an
Organization.
The Patriotic Order Sons of America is
about to be stirred up and experience a
new era of growth in California. Fred W.
Stees nf Philadelphia, the .National secre
tary of the order, is here to revive the or
ganization in this State and he has al
ready accomplished his part of the work
by selecting. and appointing D. D. Bow
man, editor of the Los Gatos Mail, organ
izer for the State, and Charles L. J. W.
Fierce of Oakland district president-at
larj;e.
' The order was started in 1347 and it has
about .125,000 members in the country, the
strength being mainly in Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois". Colorado and New
Jersev," Mr. Stees explained in an inter
view at the Grand Hotel yesterday. "The
order was planted in this State early in
the seventies, but a few years later "the
Ftate organization fell into the hands of
politicians and wont to pieces. At that
time tlie membership in this State was up
in the thousands. There are now seven or
eight camps in the State, located in Oak
land, San ,lo>e T Los Gatos, Fresno. San
Die^o, Salinas und San Francisco.
'•My object in coming out here was to
select a good man to act as National or
ganizer for the State. The order ou-ht to
eecr.re a marked prowth in this Stats."
In discussing the order Mr. Stees ex
plained that it was wholly independent of
the A. I'. A. and differed from it in prac
tice, though the two societies have much
in common.
•Our society," he said, "has been in
alliance with the A. P. A. in many places,
hut the latter is of recent growth, while
we hiive been organized for half a century.
We have no part witn the A. I'. A., and
are not ldentilied with it. A great many
of our members individually belong to the
A. I'. A. That is a political and religious
organization, and we are not. Discussion
of" partisan politics is forbidden in our
camps on oiu consolidation, ana our mem
bers vote as they please.
' (Mir principlrs »re ' patriotism, educa
tion and fraternity.' We admit none but
native born. I know of no Catholics in
the organization, though I have been told
that some are members. There is nothing
in our constitutioa or ritual which bara
anybody on account of religion or politics.
Every member must declare that be owes
no allegiance to any foreign prince, poten
tate or power, and "we are opposed to any
union of church or state, are defenders of
the public school system and oppose the
use of public money for sectarian pur
pones. We are in favor of admitting to
our shores only tliose who come with the
intention of protecting an.i upholding our
American institutions. We inculcate pure
American principles and teach loyalty to
American institutions. All past experi
ence shows that when such societies go
into practical and partisan politics they
soon go under." _
KEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONS.
Henrv Froham to Moses Strauss, undivided one
lialf of lot on SK corner of Bush and Steiner streets,
S 27:6 by K 100: $10.
\. J.Morrell to Jacoh Bergman or T!ainnan, lot on
N lineof North Point street. 187:6 W of Devisadero
W (iß:9by N 137:6. quitclaim deed; $2.
Albeit Frazierto Clara A. Krazier, lot on K Hue
of Baker strest, 112:6 6 Of Pine, S2sby E 87:6;
gift.
Moses Straus* to Henry Frohman, undivided
one-balfof lot on SW corner of Clay and Locust
streets, W 62:6 by S 102:8V4; «10.
Henry Frohman to Moses Strauss, undivided one
half of lot on SE corner of Waller and Clayton
streets, E 106:3 by 8 100; $10.
Pacific Impiovement Company to James and
Katie Smith, lot on XK line of Brady street, 60
NW Of Colton, NW 50. NE 179:6, SK 100, SW
79:6. NW 50. SW 100: $10.
Same to Mirhael J. [in.lv, lot on K corner of rol
ton and Brady streets, SE 50:6 by SK 60:6: $10.
Simie to Coleman Foley, lot on NW line of Colion
street, 179:6 Eof Brady, XE 27:10 1 / 2 by NW 100;
10.
Same to James Bohan, lot on NE line of Crocker
street. 62:8% NW of West Mission, NW 27 by NE
68:8%; $10.
E. I. an.l Helen .T. Hutchinson to Huch Cnva
nagh, lot on E line of Stevenson street, 145 N of
Fourteenth, N 25 by E 65; $10.
Frederick li. Classen to Dora J. Classen, lot on
W line of Treat avenue. 185 S of Twenty-first, S
SO by W 122:6; g'.ft.
Luici pnd Vincenza Varni ioMannele Bertuccl,
lot on E line o* Landers street, 71 :1% N of Six
teenth, N 42, XE to a point lrO 8W of Dolores, S
41. S S8 deg. 49 min. W to beginning: $10.
Marianne. Marian. Belle, Andrew J.. Xora, John
R.. George \Y.. William F. and Fannie McNicoll
and Annie E. Wilson to Antonio Marcacci. lot on
R line of Twenty-second street, 60 Eof Guerrero, E
88 by S 114; $2200.
Margaret S. Tyson to Mary M. Ross, all interest
in lot on W line" of Eureka street, 125 S of Eigh
teenth, S 25 by W 125: gift.
William W."judson to Virginia J. Judson, lot on
SF line of Ilowar.l street, 308 SW of Seventh, 8W
28b.vsE100: also lot on NW line of Howard
street, 75 SW of Seventh, SW 26 by NW 90: also
lot on SE line of Howard street, " 187:6 Nl\ of
Twelfth, NE - J5 by sK 100: also lot on SW line of
Rlftb street. 87:6 NW of Bryant, XW 25 by SW
82:6; also lot on N lin» of Oregon street, 65 Eof
Front, E 30 i.y N 60. quitclaim §5.
Samuel Davis to Kate Kelleher, lot on W line of
1 e Haro Street, 175 N of Nevada, X 25 by W 100:
$10.
John T. Mabey to W. IT. Wallncp, lot on W line
of Thirty-fourth avenue, 200 Sof Clement street, S
60 by w 120; »10.
Jennette E. W od worth to Helen A. Cohn, lot on
W line of Twenty-third avenue, 175 X of A street,
N 25 by W 12 ':'slo. /.#
James Rolph Jr. to Harrison A. Jones, lot on w
line of Fourteenth avenue, 100 S of C street, S 25
by W 127:6: grant.
Sol and Dora Gets to Sarah Rice, lot on E line of
Thirty-sixth avenue, 150 S of J street, S 25 by K
120: $10.
C J. and Sarah J. Cheney to Nellie Pouiden, lot
on E line of Twelfth avenue, 250 S of M street, S
50 by E 120. bargain and sale deed ; $10.
Charles McCarthy to Jumes Geraghty, lots 12
and 18, block 26, Lake View; $10.
John 'and Mamie Marshall io John J. O'Farrell.
lot on SW line of Francis street, 250 NW of Mis
sion, NW 2.*> by SW 150; $10.
Hugh McClai-y to Mary a. Alexander, lot on W
line 01 Andover street, 100 S of East avenue, S 2S
, by W 106. block 6, Holy I'ark; $10.
Georgiana T. Meyers to John J. Miley, all inter
est in lot on the NE line of Girard street, 170 N W
Of Dwight, NW 25 by NE 120: $5.
John R. and Fanny W. Spring to same, all inter
est in lot on the XE line of Girard street, 150 N W
of Dwight, NW 50 by NE 120; $5.
AT.AMKDA COrNTY.
Frances E. Beldake, to Jay V. Lawrence, lot on
XW iine of Piedmont avenue. 455 sw of Moss
j avenue, SW 101, XW 193:4, NE 105, sf 221 to
beginning, being portion of plat 8, Hitchcock
property, Oakland Township; $6000.
J. T. and Nellie C Stone to J. A. Carleton, lot on
sw line of Wallace avenue, or Forty-fifth street.
640.16 E of Salem. E 50. S 146.15, W 50.2. N
150.66, to beginning, being lot 20. Cotreshall Tract,
subject to a mortgage for S3OO, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Joseph A. and Julia Barlow to Charles a. Bailey
lot o;i W line of right of way of Northern Railway,
where N line of Haft Tract would intersect U ex
tended westerly, thence SW 120 to margin of the
bay of San Francisco, thence SE 1.21 chains to the
SW corner of 2.Vacre tract of land of Andrew J.
Snvder, thence NF. 115 feet. X 79:2 to beginning,
being i>ortion-of plat 60. R. V. and D. Peralta, quit
claim deed, Berkeley: $5.
Carrie Jacobson to Johanna M. Eriksen, lot on
S line of Woolsey street. 114 E of Harper. F. 50 by
S 68:83i, block 3, propertv of A. B. Dlxoii a"t
Alcatraz station, Berkeley: $10.
Samuel Ungarto Kmll Pfankuchen, lot on Xllne
of East Fourteenth street, 317:9 W of Adeline.
W 25 by N 160, block C, revised map of Oak Tree
Farm Tract, Brooklvn Township, quitclaim deed
slo.
Emil and Amanda Pfankuchen to N. M. Fay, lot
on X line of East Fourteenth street. 317:9 W of
Adeline. W 53 by N 160, block C, Revised Map of
I Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Townshin: $10.
N. M. and Grace C. Fay to Henry Root, lot on
NE line of East Fourteenth street, 8x7:9 NW ol
Adeline, NW 53 by NE 160, in block C, Revised
.Slap, same; $10.
Same to Emil Pfankuchen. lot on XE line of
.i-t Fourteenth street, 370:9 NW of Adeline,
XW 53 by NE 160, block C, revised map of Oak
Tree Farm Tract, to correct former deed of Aurii
4, 1895, Brooklyn Township: i?10.
K. C. and M. H. F.Jdredge to Harry Blatchly, lot
on' W line of Benton street, 210 8 of Railroad
avenue, s 40 by W 150, block 26. t itch Homestead
Tract, Alamt da; $10.
lUIUte T. sad H. Blatchly to K. C. Hldredee, lot
on s line nt Pacific avenue, 101:8 W Ol Bt. Cbaxlea
Street, W 1HI:S by 8 150, Alameda: $10.
enie C. Pcbnller to Eugene Bplrose. lot on
ni: comerof Grove a:id Becond streets, n too by
!; 75. being lots 1 to 4, biock 22. Oakland; ciit.
John W. Critea et al (by Sheriff) to Phidella B.
Fie d. iot on SW corner of Willow nnd Everett ((ir
Thirteenth) Btreet*, B 50 by \v 9 5, block a. oak
land Point Homestead Tract, Oaklapd ; $ - _>9ws.
Mary A. Brown to Mary A. F'alke, the sw 30 feot
of E half of lots 13 to 16, block 39, Sa:i Antonio,
Kast Oakland; $5.
Barria and Adelaide Oarcelon to MolllcC. Smtth.
lot on sW corner of Twenty-sixth and Union
streets, W 76 by S 108:6, block 644, Oakland ;
$567.
Fredereke Albreoht Cwlfe of Frederick "i to Henri
and Phtil'mp Srhwarz. lot on F. line of Pine str et,
150 N of Division; 8 26 h\K 80, blocu 688, Oak
land . 910.
Alfred W. and Florence C. Bnrrell to Laura K.
VVhltver, lot on N line of Third street. 75 E of
Webster, K26by N 100, being lot 28. block 33,
Oakland: .«H».
Marian H. Whitworth to Joseph Fratns. lot on K
line of San Pablo avenue. 77.26 N of ton street,
N 77.26, E 134.79, S 76, W 128.37 to beginning,
bV-ckll, Herrog Tract, Golden Gate, Oakland
Township: $10.
Joseph Fratus to Frank Fratus, lot on E line of
San Pab!o avenue. 115.39 X of Felton street, N
38.13, E 134.79, S .38. w -131.58 10 beginning,
block 11, same, Oakland Township: $10.
Charles A atid Alice c. Bailey to George stofan,
lot on N line of Gravson street, F,O K of Eighth K
25 by N 100, b*Hng lot 11, block 163, Gras-son
Tract. Berkeley; 5. . I -
B Kelsey to Jarob Widber, lot on T\" W corner
Lincoln ar.d California streets. N 270 by \\* 120.
block 1. Teachers* Stnte University Homestead!
quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $5.
Charles A. and Alice C. P.- lley to T.'illis Carter,
lot on W line of the right of wav of the .Northern
Railway where the N line of the ll.if; Tract would
intersect If extended W, thence SW l r . 0 to margin
of the Bav of San Francisco, thence 1.21 chains (o
tln>.»\V corn<-r of the 2."-acre tract of Andrew .1
Snyder, thence V K 136 to W line of the right of
way of the Northern Railway, thence N 79:2 to
beginning, belli? a portion of plat 60, Rancho V.
and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $5.
Oakland Lnnd and Improvement Company to
Xicolo Rattl, lot o X llii" of Pleasanton avenue,
400 \v of Martin avini'e. W 400 by N 1060,con
taining 10 arrfs. and being lots E n?id 11, Amended
Mrp Oakland txjmm and Improvement Company's
subdivision Of a ponion of Santa Kita Rancho at
Pleasanion. Murray Township: $1562
Mary R. Brown (by commissioner) to Equity B.
and L. Aasocia'lon, lot on K Hne of Chestnut strei-t
100 N of Thirtieth, X .'.O by E 132, blork B. Innds
Pernlta Homes'ead Association. Oakland; JM9BO.
Firman B. and Susie C. Voorhies to Anna Lar
son, lo' on SW corner of Third «nd cink streets W
25 by s 100, being lot 16. b ock IHI, Oakland; $10.
Victor and Annie G. Gilardin tn L. Brooks and
11. Ha3-es. lot on X corner of i::i-t Fourteenth
street an. t Twenty-second avenue, NW 50 by NE
140, block 23, San Antonio, Kast dakland; *i().
Margaret P. McCoiirtney to Edwin 8. and Mary
A. Belden, lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, 240
N of FortiPth street. SE 140, SW 6.65, W 140, X
6.65 to beginning, Oakland Township; gift.
same to Margaret M. llnubes, lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue, 300 N of Fortieth street, SB
140, N!. 88.95. NW 2. S 75, W 138, S 13.95 to be
ginning. Oaklani Township: gift.
.1. L. ScoU'hl et. al. (by commissioner) to An
son s. Blake (trustee), lot on SW corner of Dwight
way and Grove avenne, S 129.69 by W 350, block
E, Crystal Bpnng Tract. Berkeley; $3979.
Klla Fowler to Lucy Mooney, lot on W line of
Kllis street. 225:9 Sof Mason, S 75:3 hyW 120,
being lot 85. lands of the Regent-street Jlorne^tead
Association, qiiiiciuim deed. Berkeley; $10.
A. A. Fink to Emlllo Ceresa and s. Mnresi.loi
on N lineof Page street, 55 \V of Third, W 52 by
N 100. being lo's 20 and 21, b!o<* 32, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Associa
rlon, Berkeley; also lot on NE corner Of Paie and
Second streets, E 29 by N 100. being iot 27, block
32. Rame, Berkeley, to correct 501 d 41'J: $10.
Edward and Nettie Cox to John Cox, lot on SW
corner of Bnena Vista avenue and I'ani street, s
40 by W 116. Alameda: $10.
Harry Blatchly to Millie F. Ulatchly, lot on \V
lineof Kenton street, 210 Sof Bailroad avenue, s
40 by W 150. block 26, Fitch Homestead Tract.
Ahimeda: $10. .. "
Soren na3nmssen et al. (by attorney) to Hannah
Rasmusaen, lot on SE line of Cenieti-ry avenue or
D stn-ft. Kt W corner of lands of estate of Xiels
l:asmuss<-n, thence " SK 9.60 chains. NE 3.30
chains, HK 2.64 chains to XW line of Kast sireet,
thence NK 2.57 chaius, NW 4.46 chains. NE 1
chain, NW 8.39 chains. SW 6.82 chains to begin,
nint;. containing 7.76 acres, Jlaywards, * Eden
'lowuship; $750.
There are more than 200 lakes within
the. boundaries of-Venezuela.ione. of .the
largest being 1600 feet above the level of
the &ea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1596.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranciscoCam^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montßomery street,
corner flay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I.arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF M.KXTIXOS.
(jr-sp- YEBBA BUKXA bODGE OF I'KR- .
Ef--*^ lection No. I—Regular1 — Regular meeting THIS *©*
(FRIDAY) EVENING, February 21, at g\
8 o'clock. Degree 4. * iW\
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary, efsfce? :
WC3S* OFFICERSAND M EMBERS -yriltfrrr
iS-^ of Apollo Lodge Xo. 123, I. O.=3gSgfe&.
O. F., and members of the order are
cordially invited to uttenrl an "Even-
ing at Home" of the lodge, to be held THIS (FTU-
DAY) EVENING, iM-hruary 21, 1896, at 8:H0
o'clock, to celebrate its thirtieth anniversary. By
order of the lodge. C. <J. POST, X. G.
linll.AMi.-MITH, H. S.
y?-S* GERM AN I A LOD(JE No. <^UW£ > '
SSE^ 116. I. O. O. F.— The otlicers.
the funeral committee and memt.ers ■^•sgSS^jsEr
of the above lodge are cordially in- / »W" '
vited to attend the funeral of our late brother, C. I
ALT, to lake place at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Murk sts., SI'NDA Y. February 23.
at 1 P. M. HENRY WEHSER, X. G.
Emu. IKM Kit, R. S.
jt^jß* THE OFFICE HS AXD MEM- _ s^gJß£^.
&*-*? bers of san Francisco Lodue J§5?325SS£
No. 3, 1. O. O. K., are hereby notified
that at our next regular meeting, FRI- -^7"*^
DAY EVENING, Feb. 21, the lodge will pive an
entertainment and dance for the recept on and
visit of Oriental Rebekah Degree Lodge No 90.
.1. X. TIiRKELSON, Noble Grand.
F. M. lUqkma.v, Recording Secretary.
ap^g= KEGULAR-MKETIXGOFTHK v O >,
t5-J^ Caledonia Club THIS EVEXIXG 3V, tasJ
at 8 o'clock, Social session of members X^xffjT
after the regular business meeting. Scot- '**=^%
tish Hall, 111 Larkin st.
D. R. McXEILL, Chief.
James Tl. Dixian. Secretary.
SJP3P "MUSIC.SONG ANDMUCKLE . Ov
l>-=' Glee"— Fifth annual celebration 3Vi t£Oj i
of Washington's birthday by Clan TCXCt'Sf
Fraser No. 78, Order of Scottish Clans, 1 *
FRIDAY EVENING, February 21, 1896, at Scot-
tish Hall. Larkin st. Rev. J. dimming Smith will
deliver an address. Subject, "Scotchmen in Amer-
ican History." The famous Knickerbocker Quar-
tet, assisted by other talented artists, will furnish
a firs -class musical programme. Full pniticulars
see programmes. < oncmrt at 8, grand march 10
o'clock. Admission 25c.
EDWARD KERR, Chief.
Wii/LTAir Cobxack, Secretary. ____^
iKJp Til K 118TH A X N I V E RBABYOF /
s*-^ the irt n of Robert Kmmet will be j£a
celebrated on Mare'a 4 by a grand musical
and literary entertainment under the aus-^*^
picesoi the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. IIO>. M. M. i-.sri'. cuairman.
Oration by HOX. JOHN F. FINr.IMY of Chi-
• auo. Reserved seats can be secured at I»easy
Bros. 1 new store. 20 Sixth St., near Market.
IKS' ANNUALMEEMING— THE KEGDLAR
Z2r^S r annual meeting Ot stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the comnany, 327 Market street, san Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of
electing a Hoard of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m.
E. 11. SHELDON. secretary.
SPKCI VI. NOTICIX
• k XF^TTiE^vT?rT77 lTkfTa
C»-»^ position as an artist's model. 215 l'ost St.,
room 8.
a^g=» MANICURE— MLi.E. LOUISE ROLLIN,
liSJ*' from I'.iri", and FRIDA SCHOXSIGEL,
from Berlin. 212 Kills st.
f£^S= PROF. KNOTT. MAGNETIC HKALEP.
i-*-^ and life-reader. 1077 Market st. f
•JESS 3 MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT AVE.,
Jb-»^ parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
Jt^gp" KNOLISH LADY GIVES GENUINE
•i^-* 7 massage. Room 46, 850 Market st.
i^qsp OUTDOOB steTTeoptTcon show
it-C every night cor. Market i«na Sixth stg.; artis-
tic advertisements In living litrlit: promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., Il4(» MarKet.
Sf^jS 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOK $17
"^-^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.. room 6, Tel. 6580.
iFS*" WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
&-JS 1 scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment 'for
carnages cunranteed. C. ROSSI <t C0.. .242 sutter.
CR^S=» DR. EUGENE ROLA N I >, MAGNETIC I
tfc^^ treatment forrhmatism.r. 20, 116AGrantav
Tt^* MRS. NKTA, CHIROPODIST; ELEOTRO
I*-* treatment. Ollice 11, 5V Kearny st.
jP^§=» EVA GOLDSTEIN— GIVKS LESSONS uX
ix-lS' the autoharp. Parlor 2, 120a Eddy St. '
r3> MMK. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
s*-*' Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
:a^ss=» FANNIK DAVIs.MANIrrKK PARLORS,
•üb-jy moved from 202 to 122 l'ost: parlors 2& 3.
j£SS=> MISS WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION ON
Br-& piano. Koom 15, 101% Grantave.
jf2?= 202a POST— IjMA COHEN, GENUINE
Gir-o' Parisian baths. Oflices 2 and 3.
Sfr:^ GYPSY CARD READER; 25c AND UP.
s6^«^ Room 2, 12 Mason st.
sfrs=" MAE EDWARDS HAB RETURNED TO
CP-^ 303% Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
treatment.
JE^Sr* VESTA GOLDSMITH, «KNUINE JEW-
*fr^_ish massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st.
KS> MRS, WAl. lack GIVES GENUINE
ar^>' magnetic treatment. 109 Powell, room 23.
Kjp MRS. STEWART GIVES GENUINE
»-»" steam batns. 120% Geary, rooms 10 and 11.
ROS* MRS. 11088, 1085 MARKET ST., ROOM
a^*r g, second Boor: genuine massage treatment.
ItS3p> DR. ROSE CLEVELAND RETURNED";
mt-j" Chicago baths: attdts. R.4, 116a Grant ave.
SI AT lON S WAX'i'KD-FEMALE.
URRAY AflT READY, EMPLOYMENT
agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.. have 150 compe-
tent girls and women of 'very nationality await-
ing engagements. Employers, please send us yonr
orders and we will send you competent help. Tele-
phone Main 5848.
\\r OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
M washing, housecleaning or moving. 24 Verona
St., on* Third, bet, Folsom and Harrison,
ITUATION WA NT D BY COMPETENT
girl to take care of children. Apply 811 Geary.
ANTKD-BY good, com petent WOM A N
»> to do general housework; not afraid of work:
city or country: wages 812 to $ 15. Call 79 Jessie
St., be;. First and Second.
pESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
J.V wants situation; smart and healthy; good
housekeeper, or take care of sick: is a good mother
to molher'.ess children. Call 241 Fifteenth st.,
near Mission.
G" i ERMAX GIRL WANTS POSITION FOR
VJT cooking and housework. Inquire 163 Tehama
St., second floor.
pOM PETENT. RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
\J situation to do general housework: city Or short
distance in country; Is willing and obliging; good I
references. Call or address 27% Fourth St., over i
llower-store.
ri ERMAX GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
VX housework and plain cooking in small family;
$16 or IK per month. Call 718 Valencia st.
VTOCSO WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 28% Sixth st., room 11.
ftOMPETEXT WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
Vj laundress, ants cooking or housework in pri-
vate family. Jewish or American. Call or address
440 Seventeenth st., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ESPECT BLE MIDDLE - A(iTm LADY,
\\ with daughter, wishes position as housekeeper:
references it required. Call or uddress 4% Yerba
Buena. bet. Taylor and Mason, off Clay.
\rOUXG GIRL WANTS sitl auon TO DO
-I- ups:airs work and sewing. Call or address 343
Fifth st. ■■■'■■; ,
poi -D INDUSTRIOUS WOMAN WISHES TO
'J do general housework or cook; city or a shorl
distance In the country: or ranch cook; references.
Address K. C., box 20, Call Oflice.
HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY
a woman of 30. Call or address 240 Shotwell
St., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
iy ANTED— FOR a YOUNG GIRL, a place
»' to do light housework and assist with children
in respectable fiimily; best of reference If required.
Please call 258 Tehama St.
Frl wishes TOGO OUT by THK DAY to
* J do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
to 935% Howard St., room 5.
VUUWi GIRL WISHES TO MIND BABY.
J- 1123 Howard St.
VOUXG. LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 995 Market St.. room 14.
'|Mi; AKT OF CUTTING DRESS WAISTS.
X without any seams, taught a 28% Sixth st.
HEBPECTABLB GIRL WISHES SITUATION
-Iv as cook or general housework; Jewish family
preferred; no postals. Apply 1442 Valencia, near
1 wenly-sljtth.
COMPETENT WOMAN WITH THE BEST OF
\J reference wishes situation to do general house-
work 111 American laniilv; good cook; city or coun-
try; $15. M. J., box 24, this,ollice.
X) ESPKCTABLEfw OMAN WISHES PLACE
■IV in small family; city or country; washing, Iron-
Injt, cooking and genera! housework. Address or
call M7 Everett st.: no postals.
V r OUNG WOMAN WITH TRADE WOULD
X like housewo k fp.w hours daily, inoruiii!; and
evening, for her board and $1 50 a week. Address
434% Hayes st. .
yOLXG WOMAN. WITH A FRESH BREAST
JL of milk, would like a situation as wetnurse.
Apply 148 Clara St., between Fourth and Fifth. •
y OUN< LA DY STEXOG R A ANDTYPE-
JL writer desiren situation; experienced; can Show
I rfcomrnendation from last place. Address R. R.,
I box 84, Call Olllte. •
lADY WISHES POSITION TO TAKE
-1-J charge of children and help with upstairs work.
Address T. C, box 121, Call Ollice.
KELIABLE COMPETENT NURSE WANTS
to take charge of 2 or 3 children. Call or aa-
dress 1122 Jackson sU
■ - ■ , - . ■ - - . . ■
WTTPA.TIONH WASTED-Contlnnert.
pAPABLE AGREEABT?E CONiciENTIOUS
V , American ladv will give services to elderly or
middle-aged lady in exchange for pleasant retlned
home and pln-moiify. '.'Pin-money," box 114, Call.
no M PET EN T FIR S DRESSMAKER
y wants to take full charge of dressmaking estab-
iisriment in country town; highest references.
all or address C. R., VS'JQ Valencia st.
TJUESSMAKER, ACCUSTX Q TO BEST
J-' work, wishes few select customers by the day:
terms moderate; perfect lit Mid Parisian styles.
Address "The Ivanhoe," 1002 Polk st.
pOMI'ETENT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SIT-
\J uatfon to do general housework; is good plain
cook. Call or address 1313 Stockton St., room 27.
\ ' " I " N( i GERMAN WIDOW, ITH 8-YEAR-
x old girl, wishes position, do general housework.
Apply 1098 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
x by the day, washing or housecleamng: $1 50 a
day. Address 69 Clementina St., rear.
9 YOUNG GIRLS WOULD LIKE PLACES to
— ( do general housework wages $12, $15. Call at
843 Howard st.
yOUNO GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
J- sist at light housework or care for children. Ap-
ply at 835 Valencia st.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
-I housekeeper; excellent cook. 1148 Sutter st.,
room 24.
POSITION WANTED AS COMPANION OR
X wait on lady. Address C, box 85, Call Office.
PEUJIAN NURSE " WISHES ENGA> E-
VJ ments; lady in confinement and sick children.
216i,2 Sixth st. _^
B^ FIRST-CLASS cook and COMPETENT
nurse in private- familv: good home more an
object than wages. Cull 1236 Bush st. .
GENTLEMEN'S MENDJNG NEATLY DONE
VT at room 22, 105 Stockton st. •
\ T OMAN ANTS position to do GEN-
" eral housework or mind children; good refer-
ence. Call 10 Cleveland, nr. * venth and Folsom.
AN AMERICAN WIDOW DESIRES A POSI-
J~\- tion as housekeeper or companion. Widow,
box 20. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED —IN OFFICE OR
O store or typewriter. M. K., 3281 Central ave.,
Alameda.
} "Experienced DRESSMAKITr wants
-I few more encagements by the day; terms
$1 Call 209 Franklin st. '
yOUNG AVOMEN FROM THE COUNTRY
-L would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169^Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15, second floor.
EFINED YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PO-
altion as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
"T H RICA N " WORKING HOUSE I'K R
j.l- wa ts situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda. }-■- ■■:..
y OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
-1- general housework and cooking. Call 162Vz
Clara st.
TA WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
X.J keeper; is good dressmaker. 137 Seventh st.,
room 1. -
T ADY WISHES A POSITION AS JHOUSE-
-1 -i keeper. 215a Post St., room 15.
\ ISITING GOV i li.N A~N EXPERI-
> enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call.
\r oung Spanish lady wishes HOUSE-
-1 ki eper's position. Room 15. 12O'/2 Geary st.
\\ri.\CHKSTKK HOUSE, 44THIR*D ST., NR7
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per nlglu;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and resi>«ctable:
lree bus to and from the lerry. : ": •
SITUATIONS WAMEi»-IIIAU.
QAA COM PET^NT > *IiKN~OF~EVEBT NA-
f/W tionallty awaiting engagements at MUR-
RAY <t RKADY'S MaLe and Female Employment
Agency, 634 and 636 Clay phone Main 5848;
employers please send us your orders.
1 RS 1 -CLASS COACHMAN DESIRES SITUA-
-I tion: best references: city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.: telephone Main 5520.
1> C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPi'LI KS COOKS; ALL
• branches :short notice. I4t»earr. tel.Grant4S.
UNTKR & CO., CH!NKSK AND JAPA.N-
esc employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; tel. 231.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT ICE i'RO-
O vides best help. 314n Sutter st. tel. Grant 30.
CH I NI->E AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best holp. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
\7 OUNG MAN OF 21, OF GOOD ADDRESS,
X desires a position; is experienced, having jusi
left position of 8 years' continuous .service; refer-
ence. A. DUNNIGAN, 731 Twenty-first St.
TKADY PLACE IN THE COUNTRY WANT-
-0 ed; salary no object; a good home the main
thing. Address T. 8., box 17, this office.
pOMPOMTOR WANTS POSITION ON COUN-
\J try paper: can report or solicit: experienced;
good references. Address Rustler, box 65, Cull.
\\: ANTED-POSITION AS BOOKKEEPER OR
'» any kind of Office work; best of reference. Ad-
dress P. D. F.. box 79. this office.
SITUATION WA NTklj BY YOUNG MAN IN
O family liquor-store: has experience: speaks
French and English, and No. 1 references from
former employer, G., box 70, this otlice.
};\i'KI;IKMK f "CAPARLE KEEPER
J wants small set of. books to keep evenings or
afternoons; satisfaction guarauteed. Address S.
F.. box 119, CaU.
Ur ANTED— BY COOK AND WIFE, ON
ranch or country hotel. Address W., box 61,
Call Office.
y o ng COATMAKER wishes situation.
-L Address Contmaker, box 16, Call.
\r ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED man (eng-
'» lish), a situation «s cook for a bachelor or on a
ranch; can milk and make himself generally use-
ful. Ad.tress B. a., box 36, this office.
1 \ ERMAK WANTS TO WORK IN PRIVATE
vJ family; I'liderotands boisea, cows and garden-
ing. M. W., box 42. Call Office.
T\r ANTED— SITUATION AS WATCHMAN
' » or porter in wholesale grocery by a sober man ;
writes a Rood hand, quick at figures and marks
well. Address T. 8., box 102, this office.
pARDENER, GENERALLY USEFUL, UN-
VJT derstands caro of horses, can milk; city
references: moderate wages. Address P. M., 624
Twelfth st., Oakland.
BAKER, FORE.MAN, WANTS WORK AS
such; city or country; reliable man: refer-
ences. Address Baker, 809 Third St., Oakland.
MA N AND W IFE (GERMAN) WITH BOY OF
i>l 7 would like to work in bourding-house, ranch
or private family; wife good housekeeper: man
willing to do any kind of work. Address M. G..
45 Carolliiast.,ur. Sixth, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
\ CTIVE MAN REQUIRKS EMPLOYMENT;
tv expert bookkeeper: has knowledge of ma-
chinery: good al.-round man: highly recom-
mended; security. R., 15 Tilden St. •
MAN WANTS ~ EMPLOYMENT WHERE
work is not heavy: some experience at nurs-
ing and stoVe work. Address 1 M. D., box 119, Call
Office. ■-:, v v
\ N HONEST, ENERCiETIC, WELL-EDU-
i\- catod youth desires a position In office: best
of references. Address Experience, box 85, Call.
ITUATION WANTED; GE RMAN 30 YEARS
of age. able to furnish security, wants worn;
understands handling horses: is willing to work.
Address '•.. box 69, Call.
MA AN I) \V I F WANT SITUATION;
man understands gardening and stock; woman
thorough housekeeper; would take charge of room-
Ing house, s. E.. box 70, Call Office, Oakland.
CITUATION WANTED — SIRVEYOR AND
O civil engineer; 6 years', experience with one of
the largest constructing firms in the United States:
bridges, trestles «nd concrete forma a specialty.
Address Engineer, box 69, Call Office. V'.V-j >ti
JANITOR" MARRIED, N(7 CHILDREN",
'J wishes situation; best of references from last
employer; strictly sober and handy. Please call
or address 923 Minna st.
TRICTLY FIRST-CLASS BARBER, WHO
O has been employed in the best shops in the city.
is desirous or place to work evenings. Saturday
and Sunday. Address A No. 1, box 65, Call Ofllce.
VOUNG RELIABLK MAKKI GERMAN
1 wishes some kind of work. Address A. G. S.,
box 16, Call office. '
BOTr, 18 Y ARS OLD, WOULD LIKE SITUA-
JJ tion of any kind; good references. Address W.,
534 I'olk si. ■. -
DVERf ISrJR, HOLDING HIGHEST CRE-
*v dentials, offers $50 to any one procuring him
permanent employment as bookkeeper In repu-
table establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
TRIUTLY SOBKR AN D RELIABLE MlD-
dle-a^ed man wants to work around a private
place: would work for small wages for a home;
city or short distance in co ntry. Address E. C,
box 7."), this office. '
C COACHMAN, BY A YOUNG MAN MluM
" J Boston; thoroughly understands 1 his business;
<an furnish best references. Apply 1.1. M., box 14,
< all Office. ■ ' ■
KKMALH lIELF WANTED.
ur AxVKD^njßiirA^roTrs^v^DrsH^mjs^
'» keeper for lodging-house, $20; American cook,
?30; French second girl. $20; 2*German cooks,
$25 and $30; nurso girl. $15; old French lady, np-
stairs and sewing. $12; French cook, $20. LEON
ANDRK, 315 Stockton bt.
STEWARDESS WITH CALIFORNIA EX-
O perience; waitress, flrst-class country hotel,
$20; waitress, city, $20: waitress, small restau-
rant, Win and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. >
pHAMBERMAIDFORFIRST-CLAf-SHOTKL;
-VJmust.be a good mender. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st. -
ijURST-CLASS family cook. $35; 3 GER-
-T man housesirls, $20; French-speakJng seam-
stress and -a number of young housework girls,'
$15. C. R HaN «fc CO.. 110 Geary st. :"■■;■
VTEAT YOUNG NURSEGIRL, CHILD 16
-*-> months, $15. C. R. HANSEN «fe CO., 110
Geary st. .
TVrURSKGIRL,SIS:COOK,S3S; SECOND GIRL .
i-^l $20; waitress. $16: chambermaiil, $15; 60
housework girls, city and county, 9^o and $'J5; 6
youn^- girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEX,
Sutter st. .- ; • '.
VVUSK, SANTA BAKBAKA, $30: NURSE,
-LV $30, Sausiilito: cook, same house, $30. MISS
Cri.l.KN. 323 >utters:. ■:
RKXCII X URSE, CHILD 3. MISS CULLEN,
-»- 323 Sutter st. . . ' ' .
SECOND GIRL, SLEEP HOME, $16. MISS
CULLE.N, 323 Sutter ■Wlfltiflffijl
HFT.P WATiTI?n-Contlnii«rt.
XnTED^FIRST-CLASS COOK, GERMAN
or French style, $30 to $35; 2 German second
girls, $20: French chambermaid and sewing,'s2o;
nurse, 2 children. $20; invalid nurse, $20: cook,
private boarding-house: 2 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $15 and $20: first-class hote; chamber-
maid, no waiting, and others. J. F. C'BOSETT «S
CO., 312 Sutter st.
T^f E^T~J STANT GIRL; HOUSEWORK
i-> and cooking: small family; short distance
from city; $20. MURRAY & READY. 631 Clay.
WAITRESSES, CHAMBERMAIDS, LAUN-
«» dresses, cooks and housework girls can find
good situations at MURRAY & READY'-, 631
Clay st.
AITRESS, COUNTRY, $20, SEE BOSS
" here; cook and housework, Alameda, $25. R.
T. WARD & CO.. 610 Clay st. ■
WANTED— COOK AND SECOND GIRL for
»» navy-yard, 3 in family; girl for housework,.
Alameda, $20; 6 girls for cooking and housework,
$15, i?LO, $26. HVa Antonio St., off Joaes.near
Ellis.
ECOND GIRL, 920; 2 COOKS, S2SANDS3O;
8 girls for housework. M KS. HIRD, 721 Ellis:
ivr A NTED— RT Y, LADY OR "GENT. TO
"' act as treasurer of a show; fully equipped;
ready to take the road: smuli capita, as security
requlreq. A. P., box 126, Call. -
LRSEGIRL WANTED TO CARE FOR 2
-L" grown childreu; must sleep home; wages $15.
Call 504 Sutter st.
') TAILORESSE-S WANTED — FIRS.T-CLASS
*-> buttonhole-makers and finishers on coats. 504
Sutter st.
y OUNG GIRL OVER 16 FOR HOUSETv'ORK
*- and cooking; 3 in familv: good home; wages
$10. 333 Huight, 9t012a. m.
GOOD RELIABLE GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
VX children: wages $15. Address with references
MRS. J., box 64, this office. -r
/^.ERMAN NURSE FOR BOY 5 Yi ARS OLD:
VJ wages $15; reference. R. M.. box 4, th'.s office.
VAMms ON MEN'S WORK. CAIIN, NICK-
> ELSBURG & CO. 115, 117 Hayes. f
Girl WANTED FOR LIGHT housework
VX at 3 Cleveland.
ELDERLY WOMAN OR YOUNG GI»L TO
assist. Call 32 Berkeley ave., city.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 604 McAllister. 10 to 4.
\Y ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
'' $10. 3007 Sixteenth si., hardware-store.
Girl FOR GENERAL HOUoEWORK. ap-
VT pl.v 1134 Valencia st.
V OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
work. 1323 Fillmore st.
\\r A N T E D-GIRL 13 OR 15 YEARS, FOR
'» light housework. 766 V 2 Folsom st.
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH JIOUSE-
X work; sleep home. Call Saturday. 208 Oak st.
COUPLE OF YOUNG LADIES FOR OFFICE
and inventory work. U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167. Crocker building.
Wanted— fob AN INFANT, COMPETENT
'» Swedish or Norwegian lJtirse; references. Call
Ito 3 1 hursday or Saturday 2220 Webs' er st.
\\T ANTED — EXPERIENCED NURSE TO
' » take charge of infant : city references required.
Call afternoon 1630 Sacramento st.
f\ ATHOLIC GIRL FOR HOUSE WOBK; WAGES
V $10. 819 Golden Gate ave,
THIRST-CLASS TAILORESS ON PANTS. 161
X Tehamii st.
TRONG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1511a
Howard st. .:,:
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■*.*■ ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms and 68.
\\r INCHESTER HOUSE, *4 THIRD, NEAR
»» Mnrket— Electric lights in very room: 200 j
rooms: 25c to $160 per nieht-, $1 50 to $6 per
week: { ro e bus lo and irom the ferry.
rmioßouGH course IN millinery
X taught: will prepare pupils totake positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE. 121 Post, rm. 46.
I \KKS.>MAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, fTn'-
XJ ishing taught: easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns, y'sc up, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
AIRDRES.^ING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eveclasses; 101essons.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
T AWRENCE PATTE ~ HOUSE— DREbS-
-LJcutt:ug school. 1231, Market st..Det. Bth and 9ih.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
J-'l Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: JjJl oO to $6 per
week : free bus to and trom the ferry.
. MALE HELP AVANTKD.
U'ANTE D— 2 E A B T K R N AMERICAN FA~RM
'» hands for good job, 820; 4 German or Scandi-
navian farmers for a vineyard, a No. 1 job. j?20;
middle-aged man to milK and do chores on ranch
near city, $10 a month and found, and Increase in
haying: also milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
llf A NTED— SOLICITOR FOB OUB BUSI-
** ness: no deposit required: commissions
paid as requested, eic. ; a man with push, ac-
quainted with the city and willing to rustle can
make good money. Apply to W. D. EWER &
CO. 626 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED BARMAN WITH SOMK
J-i cash to lease a bar In a country hotel : estab-
lished trade. C R. HA NSEN <& CO., 110 Geary st.
UTLER, WITH GOOD REFERENCES, FOR
a private familv. $30; see party here at 9:30
a. M. C. R. HAN & CO.. 110 i.eary st.
UTLER AND WIFE FOR A PRIVATE
family; wife must be first-class cook ; $50 to 60;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN <fe co.. 110 Geary.
BELL BOY, $15; ELEVATOR i.u . , *i.,, jfY.*.
OrW-Class hotel; must have first-class refer-
ences. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary at.
TWO WAITERS FOR SPRINGS, 925; PAN-
tryman who can make salads, $30. C. R.
H AN SEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
\\r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS WAIIEP., $40:
»' omnibus, lir.Ht-class place. $3J; butler, and
wife as cook, country: experienced bellboy for
| hotel, $15: elderly Frenchman to do chores, etc.
i L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
Ma ABOUT PLACE and WIFE FOR PRl-
vate family, $50; second and third cooks,
hotel, $35 and $30; roan to make shakes and pick-
Pis and cut wooil on shares. R. T. WARD & CO,,
608 and 610 Clay st.
\1 T A NTED— A M RICA N SOLICITORS FOR
II milk business, $50; 4 crosscut sawyers, $26;
j 3 barkers, $26: swamper, $20; woodchoppers,
$1 25 a cord: blacksmith helper: buclder. $1 adav:
farmer, and others. ADply 10 J. F. CROSETT "»fc
CO., 628 Sacramento st. •
LEVATORBOY. pantryman, COOKS,
waiters, dishwashers, farmers, laborers, wood.-
choppeis. etc.. from $20 to .*HO and found. MUR-
RAY <fe RKADY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\T ANTED— MAX WITH REFERENCES TO
'» take cnarge of a dairy route. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency, 749 Marke st.
r TED- Y O U N (i MAN 15 TO 18 YEARS
»» of age, living with his parents, 'o make him-
self generally useful in an office downtown; must
be smart, write a legible hand aud be willing to
sweep and clean office daily, etc. ; salary. S5 per
week to start. Address W. R.. box 81. Call Office.
rpHRKE STONEWARE-TURNERS WANTED
xat once. U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
STEADY, SOBER GARDENER and TAKE
O care of horse; $20 and good home. Call 9:30
a. M., 612 Kearny st.
WANTED-A FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER
»» for country: steady work: must be steady
man. Address 8., box 11, Call Oflice.
}pLDEBLY MAN TO DO LIGHT WORK FOR
■i his board. Apply Florist, corner Fillmore and
Haight.
TKADY P.OY, WITH reference's, TO
i' work in a store, with home. 16 Hero.i St., off
Eighth, bet. Harrison and Folsom.
\l' ANTED-CASHIER AND TREASURER;
'» salary $100 per month: must deposit $350
cash. Apply alter 9, 873 Market St., upstairs.
\\T A NTE D-G AINER. WHO HAS A BURN-
»' er. Call at 47y Clara St., near Fourth st.
DVERTISING SOLICITOR. 729 MONTGOM*
xl- ery St., room 7, from 9 to 10 a. m.
\\TANTED— DISHWASHER; FROM 910 TO
" $12 a month. 23 Stockton, upstairs; call early.
ARBER WANTED: FRIDAY EVENING,
Saturday and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
ARBER FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
103 Eddy st. _
A KTNE R IN NEW BARBEB-SHOP; WfLL
-*- sell half to a good man cheap. 131 O'Farrell st.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863Va MARKET srl—
Rooms2oc, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
BARBERS. ATTENTION— LET, Al SH( >P ;
low rent. j 406 Castro st., bet. Market and 17th.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL fOOKED; 8
courses, 10c. at -eattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
KILLED MEN FOB PIPE-ORGAN fTc-
Otory: one a pipemaker. one a bellows-maker
and one a voieer; each must be competent in gen-
eral work: also a competent traveling salesman
for pianos and organs. U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building. ,»>
U7 anted — markers and DISTRIBU-
'» tors. Parisian Laundry, Dolores and Twenty-
ninth sts. .■■-..-■•.•■- ,
BARBKR-SHOP-3 CHAIRS; 16c SHOP; HOT
and cold water. 19 Mission.
-YV ANTED— A GERMAN IN A WINEHOUSK
• • as a bartender; must understand to sell goods
in the store: only a well-recommended man need
apply. R., box 60, this office.
ARBERS AND THE PUBLIC, TAKE NO-
tice— That all barber-shops are notified to close
on Saturday, February 22, Washington's birthday,
at 12 o'clock, noon. E. PAUL ROCHE, Recording
Secretary Barbers' Protective Union. ,
ARBER— GOOD; WANTS STEADY JOB
year round Saturday and Sunday; or even-
ings and Saturday and sundaylin good shop. E..
box 18. Call Office.
SHOEMAKER'S SHOP FOR S\J.K GOOD
custom; shop must be sold at once. 2903 Pine
St., cor Baker. "v
L'Uil LE— WELL-ESTABLISHED..- SIIOK-
JO maker-sh,op; account other business. 1197
Market st. ■. . . t
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA.
South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs. . .
\\T ANTED— AT BOOM 317,. 328 MOXTGOM-
■■■■»» ery st,. clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive tlieir just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.', ft
| >REAMERY HALL RisTAIRANT: SEAT-
\J Ing capacity 120 chairs: meals 6c. 635 Cl ay st.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
.4.1 asc up; men's half soles, 40c. 859 Howard at.
HKLP WANTED-Continned.
AL EBM AN — TO SELL PETIT LEDGER- 1 ,
grocers' coupon tooks and other specialties, by
sample, to merchants; side lines ready sellers
good pay. MODEL Mt'G CO.. South Bend, Ind.
T>TEW WAI-DO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
i!N 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, nieht 15c
! to 50c; weeksl toS'J 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
| strictest attention lo morning calls; open all night.
! WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 539 SACRAMENTO
»' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city single rooms
i 20 and 25c a night, 8-1 a week: meals 10c
i "I7OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X try 13Vi Grant ave. ; coffee a specialty.
rAA MEN TO "< KT A KINK >T LI S!l , DU-
O\J\J rablo calf shoe to order. 2 50. 959 Howard.
T>AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF ITeMPLOY-
X) ment. Sec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238V2 O'Farreil.
! <5* "I TO $4 PEPv WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
I «U-L large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE Tn D
0 female, thoronsh in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
1 an Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELL ST.; ROOM
'XX 20c to 50c night; Si to $4 week : open all night.
I \\r AN'fED^SfECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
: »» erstocall if they do not receive their Just dues;
j law and commercial" collections: no charge unless
Buccfsstul. KNoX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter st.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT call sec-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS I
1 » i to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
! tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150
large room*; Vsc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ME N TO SELL MA N 1 IATTAN EGG FOOD; ;
is the best. C. KERTELL, Ban Mateo. i
W INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. '■ , •<■'■■.
1/|AIIE.N TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
-I vu and 20c a night, including coSee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. i
EST IN ClTi' -SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 80 AND j
25 cents per nigh:; SI, $1 25, fl 50 p«r weeic
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorfl sts.
\y ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'T steam beer. sc: bottle wine. sc. GO9 Clay St.
\f EN'S i/jj-SOLINO 50c: LADTeV 40c; DONE
1U while you wait. 638 Market, opn. Palace Hotel.
I.) ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ineut. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
1 1KB BEER— T"\V"o SCHOONERS FOII 6c;
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at U37 Clay st. ■- I
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1 I
week; rooms for. two, 23c a day, $1 50 a week; I
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clav st.
rpKY ACME IiOL f*ii7 t»i>7 ~M A IiKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 2">c a night: $1 a week.
UBT OU T; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR- \
ing shoes: call and gee; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission st.. be.t. First and Second.
At \t\ " " EN'S s"ecoN D-'HAN"DiTT)"sii OES.SO.ME
tr\M/ nearly new. -J. r >c to $1 25. sf>2 Mission .it.
AGENT. WASiKi).
TntelligentT good-appearTng CAN^
X vusser for out of city; expenses paid; no sam-
ples: also salesman and collector; salary. Room
79. Flood building.
\ GENTS U A MED TO CANVASS FOR GEN-
-T.V. eral Longstreet's memoirs, from Manassas to
Appomattox: the best selling book issuea foryears;
apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m. J. A. HOFM.ANN, gen-
eral agent, 120 Sutter st.
A GENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. 719
jt\ Market st., first Hoor. : •
X i'E HI ENCED LADY AGENIS; NO OTH- \
XJ ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020 i
Market st., Ist floor.
t?irst-cla"ss solicitors wanted by j
X the California Mutual Benefit Society: ladles i
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. I). RAINE, >
superintendent ofTagents. Murphy building. ' • I
HOUSKS WANTED.
HOUSE 7 OR H S U^^rY^rtmTMsTBXrTrAND
yard: rent not to exceed $32: east of Octavia,
north of Hayes, south of Pine. 8., box 4, Call.
WANTFD— HOUSE OF 8 TO 10 ROOMS ;
»» must be sunny; vicinity. Golden Gate Park; i
new house preferred. House, box S9, Call Ollice.
LfiASE OF HOUSE EXCHANGED FOR LAN D;
sw. high corner preferred. L., lOV2 Farren ave.
WaKTBI)- MISCELLANKOUS.
vvr a nte I C s*s~TTri'do' s h ar^eTolf^cypress
'» Lawn Cemetery stock: state lowest price.
Addiess G. W., box 69, Call Oflice.
TUASTKD- BABY-CARRIAGE: GOOD CON- i
' ' dition; must be cheap. D., box 89, this office.
\\r ANTED— RENT. LEASE OR WORK ON
♦ ''shares a ranch with stock or summer resort.
Apply F. J. S., 205 Ninth st.
BIG HORSES; MUST WEIGH lfe'OO OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
W NTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
" repairing: best work ac half the regular price.
DEUHS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW j
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth st,: send postal.
LOST.
L"^ST^AT^'s^oTiD~ : WATc ii wrrrT^oß
J J February 20 on Polk St., bet. Bush and Pine.
Return to 1810 Gough st. ■"- : . .-- '■■?■
I I I—PASSBOOK1 — PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
-IJ Savings and Loan Soviet v of San Francisco, in
the name Of MICHAEL DUR KIN, No. 202,297.
The finder will please return to bank.
I OST— LACUNA. NEAR ELLIS, CLUs-
XJ ter diamond riiir: emerald center. Liberal re.
ward for return to 1532 Ellis st.
Tos I— LADY'S GOLD WATCH AT BAY
XJ View, South san Francisco. Please return to
18 Fourteenth ave., South San Fraucisco, and re-
ceive reward.
OTRAYED OR STOLEN— A WHITE BULL-
-0 dog; ears cut; scratch under the right ear; suit-
able reward if re:urned. 37 Gilbert st.
LOST— ROLL OF GREENBACKS ON TRAIN
Xj to Ingleside. Return Call Oflice and name own
reward.
j »T ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
iJ not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 lurk si., near Jones.
I OST— BETWEEN CITY HALL AND JEF-
■iJ '.erson square, ladles' hunting-case gold watch,
with name inside. A handsome reward will be
given for th«' return of same to Call OtHce. : -..
I'OU.M),
I7IOUN D— BLAclc^COw] rN^uTTRE^AT^sTs
San Josp ave. ;
CLAIKVdYAM'S. \
"]VETHJcTi7^l)C^iir^^^lTE^nJCE
IV THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED
CLAIRVOYANT A MIST MEDIUM,
PROF. LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marr. age, divorce, etc.: tells of your
friends and enemies: interprets dreams; removes
evil influences: call and be convinced; hours, 9toB
daily: also Sunday. PROF. LEON, 533 Post st.
jjKsi CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH— LADIES
X> and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st.
PRO*F. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST.
X palmist. 303 Mason St.: sittings 50c; attend the
entert aiument Golden Gate Hall, February 25.
VI ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
i»l past, present and future up.764 Howard st.
ME. KAVENA SHS DAILY: SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
ARI.IGHT" is LOCATED T 116a GRANT
O ave.. parlor 5 ; ollice liours, 10 A. m. to 7 p. m.
ME. iJR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
-1»A er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: onre
nelp: restores lost lovc» by sympathy, mistake im-
ros.-tible: fi-e $l: letter $2. 929 Post st.. nr. Larkln.
\ I'UU TA I.EOLA. FORTUNE TELLEK-"
-£\. magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms-
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth!
ME. PORTER, CARD- HEADER; TELLS
past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, $1 50. 126 Turk, nr. Jones!
VI ME. AKNDI, BE.-T FOK 1 K TELLER IN
i-'J the world: 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 narrison.
MR S. B. BA CMA X , THE RENOWNE D
l'A medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
TTmE. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
.'I greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter-
i.-.dirg or gents 50c. 917 Market . parlors 3 and 4. '
" Sl'lßll'l.kLlSM. ~~~-
RS. MAUD LORD DKXivEr7Os"(VFXRRELL
St.— Circle to-night and Sunday night.
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJ da . Included); 25c. 946Mhslon ; hours 10 to"9.
MKS MEDIUM: SI iTINGS; TOBACCO
a'-I Jihbit cured or no pay; obsessions cured- dls-
eases of women cured: lirs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
MKS. J. .i. WHITNEY, CLAIKVOYANT
iTI :r ince mp.ll-.rn: sitlings I. 21S Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM OR MESMERISM TAUGHT—
XX Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of scienceor those Interested in its rapeutlc
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved If not cured. None taught but those fur-
nisi.lng first-class reference or recommendations
Correspondence solicited. Address J WIRTCUu-
MINS. I'h. '■:., Oakland Call ollio-.
ATTOIOfUYS-AT-LAtV. ~^
A »^CBJSB^bIvbRCE"*LAWs" A SPBCt
XI alty; private; no charge unless successful- all
lawsuits, claims, col ections, wills, deeds etc r
tended to. O. \v. HOWE, atfy-at-law. - Market:
T J. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR"aT
l.jaw: advice free. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14. 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTO EY - A wTaa
TV .CalHoralaßt.. rma. li-U; adviwHrea? '
" B.CVCLKsT
YY r INDSOR"bh-, CI.Es; STRICTLY HIGH
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work- cones
and cims fully guaranteed for 2 years, a I ha v-
CROFT & C< .., 324 Po« St.. >. F. AN "
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO 1 v-r~
PKRSONAI-S. *^_^
TF^iFGEXT~^ISD^Hir^STER"^wSo
1 cane from San Lorenzo Grove Fourth of July
T,i«ht with the party that was hurt wllladd««
| 722 Powell they can greatly oblige N. P. AIKEN.
mo THE NEW I'LACER GOLD FIELDS OP
1 Cooks Inlet, Alaska. For passage and fre'^Ut
i apply to C. D. IADD, 9 Third st. ,
I mikk : y'nKW HA IK RKSTOBKRj TRY
Jl* it and be convinced; sold only by MRS O. L.
! HELENS, 706 Ellis St.; treatment at residence
$10 a month; or sent mail, )fl 50 a box.
IT aTr RESTORER AND CURLER: ONE AP-
±l plication will convince the most skeptical of
Its wonderful virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
I Markctst., upstairs. ■ .
"ATICE ROOM FREE TO GENTLEMAN FOR
j ll short teaching piano lessons. 339 Sixth st.
KA/.i xTmToTr SPECIALTY; GKIND-
Ji. ing new edge on razor, 2oc; razor concaved,
50c; razor boning aud setting, 25c, at the Razor
Exchange, 630 Market st.; flrst-dasa work.
T OVK'S DANCING-SCHOOL, 62J BUSH ST.;
; J.J ballroom or stage, duily; Tuesday and Thurs-
I day evenings.
T) TABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES
It roommate. R. M.. bo.x 76, Call.
! A\riLL GIVE PRIVATE LKSSON'S ON THE
I >> bicycle to ladies or gentlemen on your own
bicycle. A. D., box 76, Call. ;
OVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'F^rrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
THOSE NECESSAKY ADJUNCTS TO A
1 woman's to let, switches, may be had at g. LED-
ERER's hair dressing parlors. 11l Mockton"st.
' at reduced rates now: 7jc and $1 will buy the
best; artistic hair dressing reduced to 25c.
l ' <£« j~ A KOOM: carpets CLEANED ON THi5
rjp 1 floor. 206 Leaven worth st.
RS. DR. NETA BRUNDAGE, CHIROPO-
dist; lost vitality restored. Ollice 11, 5V
Kearny st.
T7REE-20-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
I -T and Defective," postpaid. L. KITTNEU & CO.,
j Opticians, 1644 Marnet St., Hotel St. Nicholas. 8. F.
MRS. DR. A. «3 Y K BST BEAUTY DOCTO HA
taken oilices at 330 Ellis St.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
J\. clalty; private: no charae unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
RS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout iigues.
! Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
| goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
I send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., san Francisco.
/Cheapest and best; get our figures
\J for paper-hanging and pain:ing. Co-operative
: I'aoer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA: $1: HAIR DYE: PER-
-i fectly harmless: easiiy applied; all druggists.
1 LANGLEY A. MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F. ,
| Q>-\ FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
0 1. capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARM CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant ave^
» DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
J\. become rich— lnvest yoor money in Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F.
TELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter ioaves: delivery to 12 p. m.
I/OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
X HTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington,K.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
R. E. ROBBINS, THE CELEB R A I E I > PHY-
sicion, has removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 Market
E.NRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBEH AND
easfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
I Golden Gate ave. ; telephone Sutter 471.
LOCATING. SHADOW NG.TRA-
clng,collectlng.GßAHAM'Sagncy,632Mrkt,r.B.
1 (\l\n BUSINESS CARDS, $1 Ml: FELK-
XUUU phone "Black 141." II 1LL.22 Geary, r. 39
OURQUIN'S CAL 1 A ASTHMATIcTpAPER ;"
Instant, relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Sutterst.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
' O showcases, counters, sbelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure aud see stock aud get prices be-
, fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019,
! 1021, 1023 Mission st., above -ixth.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOK— WZN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 IO *bpec
week: free bus to and from the f errv.
I ll'.i-.iLAI- ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW"
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market St.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store lixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission at., near Eighth.
CILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V^' mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Kansoma su. npstalrs
LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS AND LADIK*
clothing hongnt. rOI.MAN. 41 Third »t.
I>Kl-.SSMAK.IJIf».
f>9] GEARY Sl^^YT7sirTrLfr^vTFsTs7
VJ-jX coodsf urnlshed. $4 50 up: latest dre^s.'S $5.
r.AJ LL.iTlu.NAli
■pRACTICAIi^IJNSTRUCTION^ra MENTAL
X science, by DR. F. J. MILLER and W. J. COL-
VIL-LE, 922 Geary st.
I>ROP. EUGENE M ANSFIELD.TEACHER OF
X violin, gultsr, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
PANISH, FRENCH, ETC.-. PROF. Dk FIL-
IPPE'S Academy Languages. 320 Post; est. 1871
uTtarTman DO L I N . PIANO and VOCA"l!
lessous; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
MRS. .MELVILLE SNYDER. STUDIO 520
sutter teacher vocal music (Italian meth-
od), i » i mo and elocution; dramatic elocution aspe-
cialty; vocal and Shakespearean classes.
NDI VIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
-1 ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
P'ivftte theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
yJ chanical engineering, surveying, architectur",
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
IOLIN, MAN DOIiIN, GUITAR. CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. Geary reasonable
SPaNISH, GERMAN; moderate
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell so
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, -.'4 POST ST.
Bookkepping, business jiractice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering," telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTSCHOOL;tiEALDS COLLEGE
-M Post: commercial, shorthand, English: low r» ; ei
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN. CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 1/ 2 Valencia.
CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
v^ bam's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
j T)IANO LESSONS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
X simple music taught; accompanists taught:
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. B'i
O Ninth st.
TFISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
i.»A mento— Board. English, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement; coach.
L; N ( iLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
■I J lisn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTOV
724 O'Farrell st.
rpLOCUTION-DRAMA. DELSARTE. PHYST."
XJ cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFK '
SCHROEDh.R. ■_<»!) Hyde St.: call after 1 p. M.
aThrLTrUXEr" '
ALL F EMA L E IRREQUXARITIES RE-
-cV stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
; anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
| tineme i: French pills guaranteed: consult tree
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
BLESSING TO LADiES SUFFEKINt. *ROif ■
lemale troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of frauds: come direct to Woman's Dispensary, 14
McAllister St., next Hibcrnia Bank; consult free
DR. and MRs. DA VIES; home In confinement-
French Female Piok Pills.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
-£»- ments or worthless pills usea; every womaa
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause: restores always In one day;
; if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
; physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
: all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
j XJ grown on b«ld heads, and other chronic diseases
treated 1207 Market St., rs. ■^tij;»ermnn spoken.
T ADIES."CO.\SULT FREE MRS. DR. SCoTT*
XJ 216 "owell st.; only qualified specialist; ?500
for case 1^ fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated.
A HOME, A FRIEND AN Ii MOTH Kli's "CARET
XX housekt-epinu apartments: strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 14lti Eighth St., Alameda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH I'ILLM— A BOON TO
-r\. ladles troubled with irre^u arities: no danger-
sale and sure; $2 50 express C. o. I).; don't delav
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal. '
VI Rs. AND DR. HKKWIG, PRIVATE CON-
J-'A linement home; good care and attendance-
prices reasonable. 7lOEiiiss.. ■ """""Wi
j )l. HALL, 14 ' LLIsTeR STREET, NEAK
X/.Joues. Diseases of women and children.
|\lts. Goodwin MAKES, a SPECI \I.TV of'
j X/ diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
j regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; beit skill-
■™B7o Market 11 - 1 " C ° : ° W leeS; "***"*> **
]T^ IE pm7 DAUDET FEMALE REGULA"
J J ting Pills: strongest, safest, best! never fall-
*l per box. WIDBER'3 drugstore, 14 EiliVsiL"
lormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.^
A 9URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
«n« *•"•"*• from whatever cause; a home in con-
i. RS. DR. WEGENER;>iuVATE HOME IN
■ ' confinement: irregularities cured in a few
nours without operation; pills ?2. 419 Eddy st.
1 I; 'IRREGULAR OirXNYFEMALE DISK
j- »e« Mrs. Dr. Piietr. and be content. 254Vfr 4tn.
ii it i .din ;SU LUA> ASSOCIATION.' •
ru.NTI.NKMAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS
t sociation-Home office, 222 Sansome st.. S F,
I era VI ? KS & loan business. Ed E. Hlll.Prv-a.
i Oliver iidridjje V.Pr.; \f Corbin.Sec.&iieu.aaa,Q99n CANDY AND NOTION STORK- •>
5250 COFPKE AND LUNCH PARLOR:
g^^ig^^^^S^^ePark:
•^5O. ( L ll'n N r. ISTANr):l STANr): GOOD LOCATION-
: causeof
J^Hi^ggSlFgco^ 5 S l^:
£800 ?« L fP I L EaT^ BLISHED BAKERY AND
" • le ■ sSd™« P th Jii, b0 , rBM , MII wagons: good out--
g^gAcoygr'L.rd Jr^
•^450 ; iH t >XKKV AXI) BAR: ONE OF THE
largeVtock^iif° rners iu the cllv: R°° d h'-'slness:
tSU i^TAUKAMT: NO. 1 LOCATION
handsomAn- «,» 8 < stea< ly. I'rofitable business
' 527.") 1 " )O sf MK - - ATTENTION -
. gn^^^^^VßWell; cheap
}^800 v» UUIE k : K *T-*BLISHKD OVER S
a^S -Wl b^nSi^a SBSSSSSJ l?So
' LIGI , IT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAME
[HO P AB TNER WANTEI) IN FIRST!
M^V«. h:alrißl a " oWed:
<S3nri RESTAURANT, NEAR CARHOUSE
B- IKNY
8 50 P A nT . XEK W ESTABLISH!
o"I . od •Wneas: co«d for $100 per month-
en by increased. JOHNSTON- & C0.,26y 2 Kearny!
£550 SALOOX . WI TH ISGOODFUKNISIi-
»V«t imn,^"??' M OClU P it>d : «nt *60; "one
nmxuw st.: good paying pUce. i>ar -
St., PbO>nU l-:;r.
])KSTAUKANT .\NI» OY.STER-HOUSE FOR
busing "^ r V Hall aiul Jones st ! -„.,■
Si« :■-■■■■<■ »™*ymakinß place for sober! in-
tt^SJ" ",•?= cos: over »*OO. butwiU soil for
i^««M» ' eillierfor casn-«change for lots cron
'^"st. Apt ' IyL - OE STERREICHER, 630
100 AMp LE-ROOM IN .VERY BEST
JorTh locauon on Market nt.: fixtures and
r \fil^ST?l-im moce owner sick in bed. la-
<;i.re QJ3 Lalifornia st., Ph . nls bar.
( i ?S2i" PA # Y fx "« N;CARDROOMS.BIL-
veVica-'nn >f n ' Shed , roonls ' stand: thoroush in-
.. - ■ on; best secli<) city: party sell tonae-
JgjLf£ggSs£ PROLL * LLOYD, 717 Mar-
\V 9° 0 ANi. COAL YARD; HORSES, WAG-
Ilii^-V-M ', 1110011 1 $75 month. PKOLL A
ia.o\D, ,i, Market st.
OTE A . D Y MA N W ANTKDTO IAK ! : CHARGE
fm7ii*i U i'A?n r ute: 8m capital required.
PKOLL «fc LLOYD, 719 Market st.
S-j()<( SALr) ON; CHOICEST LOCATION-
tV» i'- >r - gooa payins: low rent; fixtures worth
the money. Call 533 California st., Phoenix bar.
HOLEBALE COMMISS lO ST~MEI \ N T
•» 01 KOod standing wants partner iu Ills produce
ana commission hous.-: controls larce atid first-
ciass tra<ie from all parts of the P;citic Coast: es-
. tabllshed tory offers b grand opportunity for
sonii- active imd industrious man; will xuarantee
incomine partner $200 a 11.011th and durine busy
. season S300; full investi=a;ion allowed. For fur-
ther particulars apply -ii.M'!:!-.U & CO., 632
-Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
*< 0 CORXEB BRANCH BAKERY, CON-
K^kjukj. fectionery, ci-tars, notion store: oppo-
_ site public square: 4 livinsr rooms fuxnished: che .i>
rent; lull value: stoct and liitures. STENBERU
«fc CO.. 632 Market sU
i$ 1(i I 1 BALOON WINEHOUSE: 2 DOORS
•^■^.W. of Kearny st.: take pan cash: balance
time. S TEX BERG .'. CO., 632 Market St.
<7(HI RESTAURANT IN VI DUTTOFB
•_ iwr. leadins; theaters: hie day and ni"lu
trade: receipts will justify investment of $1500.
Apply STENBEHG 4 CO., 632 Market st.
><•->')". NEATEST^ " BK6T-PAYING REi?
'- *-»— v. tanrant n> rth or Market st.: easily run:
averaee receipts f2O; sickness. SIENBERG &
CO., 632 Market st.
< 9 OX ACCOUNT LARGE AND IX-
. •:: — *j\r\.t. cr.'astnj-' l-usincsB. youn^' u-erchant
«v «nts partner In bolesale and retail fish and ovs-
jer business; located in most popular and well-
. kuown market In city; controls lar^-«' first-class
trade: established 30 years: mast havo holp-
- clear $500 monthly; besi oi refer nces: full inves-
-■• fixation; fortune for some active man. Sii;\
BERG & CO.. SB3 Market st.
S |i!(| PAIiTXER WANTED in BOTCHER-
' T: lf "'. shop in Mission: owiifr k ■(.• place i5
■ its; rare opportunity. Call 533 California st.,
Pucenix bar.
QJ 1 "^A BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDf-
■ '- LtJU, store; laundry otnce:2 furnished rooms-
rent $14. BARREfI SKIFF, 921 Market st. '
< j -|| PARTNER WANTED "IN" RESTAU-
KDX<J\J. rant and coffee-honse; located close to
Market st.: doing- good business. Call 533 Calif or-
n:a at.. r-nix Bar.
GENTLEMAN OF LARGE and SUCCESS-
-1 ful business experience is prenared to invest
lrom f 5000 to $15,000 in a payUut business in this
or suburban cities. Commercial department, U. S.
industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building.
Ct '-i CORNER SALOON: BUSY STREET-
'*')\J. cheap rent: old-established ana making
money. CULVER & COLTONi, 90(i Market st.
OR SALE— CABINET-MAKER'S COMPLETE
outfit: bench, tools, etc; hunting outfit coui-
plete. 1400 Van Ness ave. r
pROCERY AND BAR; 6 LIVING-ROOMS,
VT horse and wason; 3years'iease: good location.
Apply California Brewery, Douglass and Diamond.
BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICACIES
store. 1733 Market st
\jraM ROUTE7B CANS, FOR SALE: A BAR-
-^1 gain. Address M. K., box 107, Call Office.
Q9AAA WILL 1;; v HALF INTEREST IN
•r 1 — \J\J\J Arizona quartz property ii taken at
once. Bargain, box 41, this ol'.ic--.
/ica FRUITSTORE, RENT 925. a., BOX
jp'XOV. 128, Call ':?ice. " ;
V"' : SALE— A GOOD-PAYING SALOON ON
r Larktn st. bei. Post and Ellis. For particulars
inquire at -• \ ■ • dar ave. bet. 10 and 12 .\. M.
TMNKi E— COFFEE, ICK-CREAMSODA
X parlor; cheap. Sutter at. and Central ave.
<*>'>( I WANTED — PAIiTNER IN OLD-
— O\J. established corner saloon to tend the
Jiar: first-clasa location; fixtures, pool-table, tiale,
board and lodcine inclnded: $65 guaranteed a
month; must be- a aober, earnest man; the owner
is an industrious lady. See owner at 1824Masoa,
Q/JAA HAY, GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL
I'"', business: stock, fixtures, horses, wag-
ens, etc.; rent $15; good busiaesa street: flnecor-
ner: mnst be sold fore March 1: sickness cause
Ling. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
I'. -.-.--- UPHOLSTEKER AND DRA-
pery man can have a chance to gel established
lu business: doing good custom work. J. D. t box
i!5, Call Oflice.
0* LD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS IN i . w
and aecond-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sons given. IS7Thira st.
QOXA OLD - ESTABLISHED SALOON;
O— >*J\J. good stock; hue fixtures: positive bar-
gain. 102S Larkin st.
OOD i'A riNG BUSINESS: SMALL Va'pu
tal: iiO experience necessary. 15 Montgom-
ery ave.
Q7' BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
•i? * O. uoiion store; great bargain; must be sold.
1024 I.i-avenworth.
OOD if YING SALOON WITH 10 FUR-
' ' nished rooms for sale cheap; on account of
leaving the city. Inquire a' 624 Sacramento st.
pROCERY AND .BAK: GOOD LOCALITY;
v r mu.u be aold on account of leaving the city.
Hickory ave. aiid Buchanan St.
"TJ RANCH BAICERY .VNC NOTIONS-STORE;
IJ furnished rooms; no agents. 449 Guerrero at.
LSTAUIUXT AT A ORKAT~BAIiGArN\
KU KANT AI A URKAT BARGAIN,
Address Call, box ii, Alameda.
|HtA.N'CH BAKERY. NOTION AND CANDY
IJ -;o:e: opposite a »chool. Apply 11 i"4 Pagest,
T ARGE i : a BEM 1 - 1 . YARD AND L'LE,
XJ for wood and coal yard. 885 Shotwell st.
• I/ I KST-CLABB SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
■-•' register: safe: private rooms; cause of sale,
HickneBs. 209 Ellis.
DAIRY PRODUCE STORE FOR SALE
cheap: srood location; tnii«.t sell; cause, de.
partare for Europe. Apply Call Otlice.
G»"f)' f\ STOCK \OF POULTRY RANCH ON
• — >>U. car line, near Fruitvale. 34 Donohoe
■ tending. • . ■ - .
cj -||AA FOR SALE: THE CONTROLLING
•_ li-'UU. interesi in a well equipped and pay-
it. i? quartz mine now Inactive operation in Amador
i ounty. California: title perfect and full lnve>.
on allowed. Address lionanza, box 9^, Call
1 'fhce. San Francisco. . ■ _
C-QXA OORNEB GROCERY BAR; TRANS-
•J*)O\J. fer; pleasant living rooms. Apply
'."all Otlice. . .
C~OK SALE— VERY CHKAP FOR »t'ASII,
I steam laundry; doinjf $300 per week. Address
M. L.. box 234, Call Offlcc. , . ;.--"■ '■
]) KSTAURANT a ND BAK ER Y : OWNER HAS
' t- other business: can't attend to it. 917 Ml3slo;i.
BH BAKERY, SUITABLE FOR DELl-
caclea and laundry ofiice; cheap. 317 l /2 O'Far-
rt;i at. - .
T^ESTAURANT— IN GOOD LOCATION AND
J business ; $200. Apply at Call OfHce. . ,
SiXA RESTAURANT —IN GOOD ' RUN-
O'-lOU. nlng order; everything complete. In-
gulreCall Oiace. .
Q7(\A WILL BUY EXCLUSIVE a G ■; n c y
'. <VHJ lor the Pacific Coast, for 10 years: busi-
Deas «-stabllshed: KOOd-sellinK article; I llesi in-
v^uiicration solicit*!. Addres* W. 8.. box 71, Call.
1/OITSALE— A FIIIiXCH LKiUUK--.T0i.l- us
J- one of the best corners on Slztfa stre t at a sac-
riflce. Inquire of K. ROISIN'ET, 411Va Califoraiaat. |
~^^l^s?lJ!^^l£KS-c^nj^ n ued .
%\ 9()() GROCERY AND BAR AND TO
« fl«uat., 8a» Market at.
C^O^STbRE, WITH CUnFROOM
jf^U^V. and laundry office. C, box 108, Call
PHm^KtH° UTE foh bale, telegraph
4ean 2nd 1C i" COVers 18 block Can be bou K ht
Ann.v't ? .. c . hanc e3 for incxease are very good.
Appl\ tiiis othce^rincipals only.
-;-; R^^XEVVCoIiNTTR HOUSE;
V -_ U .'.*"J- 11: low rent - 712 Kearny st.
LODG^u-uoUSKS FOK SALfc.
T° IiKZ OK^ Li: A LODGING-HOUSE
X quick fox cash see GUS STRAXD 45 Third st.
rj ol S ER HOUSE; 11 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
nished: price $250. STRAND, 45 Third st.
T ODG ING-HOUSES. ~ ~ ~
■*-£ AIL SIZES: PRICE $100 TO $5600.
DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
$1400 LOD ,G^G-HOUSE OF 38 ELS-
V '•■XwU. guntly furnished rooms on Market st.-
paying house. CULVER ifc COLTON, 90t> Market!
97-ROOM HOUSE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE"
— I clearing $100; price -^550. DECKER, 1020
**ii\rkct st. ■■ ■ ■ - - ■ c
*U» 700 ON ACCOUNT OTHER BU-INESS:
crnf, ,* , 45 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
g.>oo cash, balance installments. 115 second st.
(<A t SACRAMENTO— POSITIVELY ■■ A BAR-
KJ ~ J caiii ; 16 rooms; house well lurnished and(7
years' experience.
QX A A ROOMING-HOUSE WITH TWELVE
«8 U\f. rooms furnished: mnst be sold on account
O! sickness. 202 Second st.
QAQ FOURTH-NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
«""«: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
M\ 1: i •; .\ ;. L-iIT Wuslurmioii st.
X.YlTliiU: FOi! SAI.IT
t^^Aus^o^rsT^^'fr^l^r^ET^^
"»" tureof 7 rooms: a bargain: no dealers. .
ITHJB SALE-SUNNY BAY-WIN 7-ROOM
X' flat; well furnished. Apply 112 Golden Gate ave.
4 ROOMSTURNIT URE, T NEW £75
t: iiediounges trimmed with plush... ... $5 SO
Brussels Carpet, laid I ..45c np
nclish Linoleum, laid....' 40c up
Window shadPs in sco:ors. . .. 25c un
! BHXREK A SHIREK, 747 Market st'.." "opposite
Grant avenue; no branch siores.
NE MORE CUT— "~ "
Oak Roll Top Desks... , $14t0535
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
t-toves and Ranges S3. up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everythtn"
Cash or time payments. J. NOON
1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, S9 and np: step-lad-
aers, 20c pi step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
"O EDUCI'IONSON LARGE «TOCK, NEW AND'
XI, second-hand; 400 carpet* goo<l ai new. oil-
cloth, »sc; parlor suits. $19 «p; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c:
rßn^es, $S; cash or installments; goods shiyiwi
iree. T. li. NKLSQN. 126 Fourth st.
FIKMTt'KE WASTKD
\ MALONE PAYS 20 ' PEB CENT MOBE
-i.v than alsewbere for furniture to flll country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
pASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
V J COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet, 4th cfc sth.
\ . 3OLUTELY HIGHEST PBICE PAID FOB
■l\- sccond-haad fur;iitt:re and carpets by I.ondy
1- iii-nit'iri- Co.. 813 Market St.: rail or send postal.
CABPKX CLEANING.
Cn M EAM^a^tPEVcMA^TN^B^NOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPE'JS CLKANKD AND ' RENOVATED
\J ilke new. I'ER(JUBON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <k CO., successors.
Je. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
0 • 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPETBEATING AND REN-
. ova t works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
ATION AL CARPET BEATING AND RENO
X^ .vatin? Works HAMPTON JtBAILLY: layiu?
rtid aiteriag. ■ 1-316 Gnerrero; Tel. Mission 241.
\\r HEN~~ YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
• » poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerUac-
ret Reatin? Works. 353-7 Tehama: tei. 60-40.
/'IONKLIN'B CARPXT BEATING WORKa. HSi
\J <iolci;-n Uate ave. : telephone ease 126.
PIANOS. UOUSS, tK.
ST E I XW aY , (165; WBBBit, 9280: HMA LL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
OA (\ BARGAIN; FINE PI a NO; GOOD
<i?W. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st
nejtt Hlbercia Bank.
1 ADY MUST SELL STEIN WAY AND OF-
*-J fers it atau exceedingly low price. Apply at
809 Market St., room 2i. . . u '
CHOICE CH ICK ER SACIUFCED BY
\J partyleavlti,T the city. 809 Market St.. room 21.
')- OND-HAND PIANOS \\- FROM ?75
— «■' ui>; ■ good instruments. all of them: small in-
stallments. A. L. BANCROFT «k CO., 324 Post
St., San Francisco.
Ha i.s piano: WITHOUT A SUPE-
rior; we invite comparison; prices moderate.
■A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 524 Post st, S. F.
a §PE< I A L SALS OF PIANOS. cheap FOR
-^V. cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
CPME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
KJ novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin. gu4tar, harp and hanio, ail in one verv sim-
ple: guaranteed 10 keep in order; c»II and see it ■
bean'itul eftecr. .1. T. BOWERS cfc >ON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
TTPRIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
*J only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
QA CHICKERING ROSEWOOD PIANO;
'J\J. (Ost?500; $slnstallmts.22l Leavenworth
A MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Bachamtn.
\ SHAW, $425; 2 STEINWAYS, 8>215, $195;
■£\- Sommer, $.'37; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
lANOS— ! ; 3r
Haselton, npmme and Lonz, Brown and ;
Simpson; easy terms. V35 Market .su ;
9A AAA SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. 6TAT-
jIU.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister sU
GOOD PIANOS CJH EAP, CHEAP PIANOS
T good, at MAUVAIS 1 , 769 Market St.
AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush &. Gerts' piano.
A. L. Bancroft & CO., 824 Post st.
nOXOVEB PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
\J preat sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33S l'O3t st.
pHICKKRING, K N A BE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J lln? pianos: see our n?w piano for $] 87 : pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON; 16 O'Farrell.
\VM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»' rell, room 1, first f3oor: take elevator; pianos
« nd organs sold ior cash or installments.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with jrreat success
we have decided to continue supplying purchaser*
that wish to take advantage of it- please call and
have It explained. SHERMAN, CLAY <S CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
C[|7.-. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
! "3pX iO. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
PIECKER BROS., VIHINWA yTfISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or oa easy terms. K.OHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell SU
EASY TERMS;;LU\V PRICES. KOHLER <fc
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-sOHMER,
Newby <fe Evans, Brigs* and other pianos. .
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD4NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
OTEINWAY, $215 ; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
O «237; Wily, *125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE. 410 Post St. ■ : - ■
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-rt- grade I'. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prlcea and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, &J
Ninth st. _^ '
PEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line oi new planon for rent and sals
Ic Ban Fraacisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. sprecltels build:
fOK SAXJU— MIsChLLAAtOi
TjLACKS a; ITH - SHOP OUTFIT, FORGE,
Xj steam pump, boiler and engine: cheap.' 516
Mission st. , • • • " ■ '
■r aa oTIICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
O\J\) Schule's self- regulailncr bot-water lncu-
bator; best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
"L'OR SALK CJIEAP; 1 7-POWER STEAM
X 1 engine and boiler; in pood rnnnlnv order: on
account of power not being suilicient. '114 I'rumm.
CILEVELAND SWELL SPECIAL BICYCLE,
v^'?7s; or will trade. for, custom-made clothing.
Address M. L., 617 Washing:oa st. . .
UrATERWHEEL HORSEPOWER: AS (iOOD
llm new: complete; $50. 908 Broadway.
ARRIVED— 2 FRESH COWS: LARGE '
ii milkers: sell or exchange for dry cows. 1312
Folsom st.
(i.O'A SLOOP YACHT; 11x27. APPLY
tlT— OVJ. 1548 Park at., Alameda. -
I}UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ~ AND HAT-
J t:in turuiture at the factory and save middle-
man's prollt; we will treat yon right. CALIFOR-
N I A- RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
\' EW" i ■ ; B ATOB, 120- EGGS, $12 50:
X\ Brown Leghorn h<»ns and Guinea fowls, %\
each. Addresi 2029 San Antonio ave., Alameda.
OOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. : >
NK ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 111 Market at.
r AA SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
tJ\f\J prices from : 25c per yard up. J.
NOONAN, 2017 to 1023 Mission at., above Sixth.
iMRE AND -.BURGLAR - SAFK. LETTER-
X presa, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay
\tkw ranges cheaper THAN second^
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfj: Co., 12 Coliforniasu .
VIUU NT E RS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
< ■' oomht and »old 1121V 9 Market bet, 7th and B:a
SIiWLNG MACiil-NKS. '
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, 6OLD, EXCHANGED,
rem«di repaired ; lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1896.
S TO LET.
rno LET-ELEGANT MODERN HOUSE,
«or^°F S , a nd ba^ h and finished- basement; Jack-
son st.. bet. Laurel, and Locust: marine view : rent
reasonable. W ILL E. FISHER A CO., 14 Post
L^LEGANT SUNNY lV lIOUBE. 8 ROOMS;
large basement: reasonable. 816 McAllister.
1707 !P SES-45 ES-4 SUNNY ROOMS; ' RENT
1 40U Bi:sH. NEAR POLK - HOfSE 6
-L-X\JO rooms, bath. Inquire at 1407 Bush st.
fPsl 9 t\f) "OUSE OF 6 ROOMS; BATH;
«U, X .j. O\J • large yard. 1017 Twenty-first st.
! 21 1 GEARY-HOUSE OF, 11 ROOMS AND
bath; rent reasonable: key at 217V2-
-ft 39 ."Sn HOUSE 8 ROOMS., BATH; MOD-
tJOw.UU. ern. 1723 Clay, near Van Ness ave.
pHEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY; 8 BOOM8;
V7 Dath; modern, $20. 634V Valencia st., near
Seventeenth.
H OUSEOF 7 ROOMS AND BASEMENT. 17
Linden ave., near Van Ness.
1 MISSION-SUNNY SIDE BAY- WlN-
__Jl__ _ dow holls of 10 rooms. , ■.
©Qn 8 ROOMS: MODERN CONVENIENCES;
tjpov/. tine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant ave
71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
G]O ELEVENTH AVE., COR R. R. AVE.;
«ipXU. lOrooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534y 2
California st. - ;
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
i-> contented: l:onse rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery at.
KI'ItMSHED houses.
TmURNISHED HOUSE TO LET — NICELY
-I furnished cottage; 6 rooms, with modern con-
venlences: $40. 1914Lyonst. _^^^^^
COTTAGES TO LKT.
pOTTAOE oTTX7iO^M^r^2T^YrNGTON^T?i
\J bet. Fillmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
6 NICE CLEAN COTTA'JES; $11 TO $15 TO
V pood tenants. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
©]4 COTTAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
tipXX. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna st.
UNNY COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH,
gas. 1119 Vallejo St., near Leavenworth.
979Q BRYANT ~ AVE.. BET. TWENTY-
iJ I— O fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.— Cottage, 7
rooms and bath: large basement, garden, yard and
stable; all i: perfect order: rent low to ri?ht
party. Apply to G. U. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. ■
&Q COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS. ON PROSPECT
«jpt7. ave. Inquire 75 California ave., nr. Mission.
pOTTAGE-4 SUNNY ItOOMS; BABEMENT;
\J large yard; chicken-bouse; water fret-: rent
$10. 31 Harper at., south of Thirtieth, 1% blocks
from Twenty-ninth st. olpctric-cars.
FLATS TO LKI.
/TmODERn' VIaTS N BAB THE PAHS : 5
j- rooms and bath ; rent $15 tos2o. Key at prem-
ises, 1909 McAllister St., or 529 Frederick.
f1«99 PIA 2 FLATS, 8 ROOMS. BATH; 2
»Jp-«^i,»)U. sets double parlors; modern. 1775
Mission st. ...^- ;
■ ICE MODERN FLAT, 4 BOOMS: RENT
-i-> reasonable; $15. 6 Dearborn at., oft Seven-
teenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
9A7-209 w^i i'i--H-sr.\Nv FLaTS OF 6
— "' t and 7 rooms;, modern conveniences; r.nt
reasonable.
fflj '>A upper FLAT, 6 ROOMS, HATH. 119
•w — '-'• William st., near Taylor and Post-
-ROOM; UPPER: NEW; SUNNY; FRONT-
■^ ing panhandle. 1622 Fell st,, n>-:tr Lott.|
ri n SOUTH PARK— UNFURNISHED FLAT,
XU 4 roon^s, $10; furnished f3at, $13. ■
n-lii MCALLISTER— FLAT, 6 ROOMS; LAUN-
I JLI) dry : bath; rent $30. .*,-£;.'
Ql A THREE ROOMS; YARD. 1706 JEs"-
X\J . sie st.. near Eighteenth. ■ •
VTEAR CITY iIALL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 5
X> and 6 rooms; g2l, $25. 147 and 713 Grove st.
I"UNE CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
. rent low. Haigli: and Webster sts.
L'KW STEPS FROM CITY HaTL; ELEGANT
x flat of five rooms and bath. 10 Grove at.
Q"1 A' N : w MODERN SUNNY FLAT OF 6
<iTXt/. rooms, bath. 133 San Jose ave., nr. 24th.
fj-] 9 OCTAVIA, NEAR MCALLISTER —
' X— Lovely fiat; 7 rooms, bath; latest mprove-
ments; brick basement.
OST PESIKABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all . modern improvements;
1635 Bush at.; rent $30. MADISON & BURKE,
agents.
"1 A WEBSTER— 3NICE FLATS, 5 R., BATH,
-Ltr 4 r.. bath, 3 r. ; rent cheat, to pood tenants.
BA BY HAi'l'Y ; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN <fc
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery St.
JpLATS to SUIT— BEST PART OF < tty
central, convenient, economical; Sacramento st.,
below Mason ; .sunny. Apply 320 Sansomest., nn. 4.
ATERY FIXE FLAT; 7 BCH S: IT\RGE
yard: low rent. 2510 Mission: key rex r door.
"efYT UI'PER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS,
<lpXrr. cor. Twenty-third and Castro sts.;
also 6-room flats, cor. Filteenth and Noe sta. ; new
and modern. .
ATORTHWEST COR. EIGHTEENTH ST. AND
X> Clara ave.: sunny upper flat. 6 rms: bath: $2».
UNNY FLAT, 3 ROOMS; YARD; WATER
free; rent $12. 356 Third st. .
FLAT, 6 ROOMS, HEALTHY LOCATION,
Xsl4; cottage. 4 rooms, yard, $11. 629 Second
St., near Brannan. ■ \ .'
Q"l C FLAT, 1207a RUSH: 5 ROOM m, BATH,
«H)X 1 . gas, bay-windows. Apply 1211b Bush st.
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
ICIR I MISSION, near eleventh— 6
X.01.02 sunny, papered rooms; bath; laundry;
very cheap. .
"L LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, BATHi 1613
X! Folsom it., near Twelfth.
(OBNEB TWELF 111 AND HOWARD STS.— 2
\J sunny bav-window flats, 7 and 5 rooms, and
bath. No. 1555.
<»1 Q SUNNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS. BATH. 23
tJPXO. Birch ave., off Larkin St.. bet. Grove and
Fulton.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 1704 WABH-
inglon, near Polk; 6 rooma and bathroom: rent
$27 50. .
Q97 CA ELKGAti T UPPER FLAT: 7
tiT'^- • .O\J, large sunny rooms and bath. 2219
Sutterst.
"ijTo AND. SI4-1124 AND 1110STEVBNSON,
<n?XO near Herman: nice flats; cheap rent.
T) A Y-WINDO W FLAT ; 1625 CLAY, NR. POLK ;
X> 7 rooms and bathroom; rent $25.
Cjl Q MODERN, SUNNY. UPPER. CORNER
' I'. . flat; 6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 18th st.
UOLSJiKJfc;jfil'l>G KOOJIS.
. Kddy^StreetT"^'"^"™"' ""
9"! Q EDDY— ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
-JIU in:r; rent $12; private place.
Q-J 7 EDDY —2 UNFURMSHED OR FUR-
<jy I nihhed housekeeping rooms: private family.
Kleventh Street.
mELEVENTH-E LEQAN T I. Y FUR-
XA't nisbed front sunny nay-window room and
handsome kitchen, complete for housekeeping;
bath: every convenience; quiet neighborhood. *
Fillmore Street.
991 9 FILLMORE, NEAR CLAY— SUNNY
£i£iX£i roonia to small family, 11.
J o 1,1,1,1 street.
QF^QI FOLSOM — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
OUtJs housekeeping rooms;, nuconnected; rea-
sonable.
Harrison Street.
7QO HARRISON ST.-3 HOUSEKEEPING
(Oi) rooms: large yard; $13.-
lioivard Street.' ."': l J '
7A 9 HOWARD- LARGE SUNNY FUR-
• tt^- nished front room; housekeeping; single-
SI a week. ■ . ■
1 1 901 HOV»ARD-FINE SUNNY SUITE OF
ll^O front rooms; furnished complete for light
booselcdeplnK: ciegant antique oaK foldiug-bed;
new Bru3sels carpet; cobs stove; bed-lounge; large
closet; $13 per n;onth; In an American family:
none but sober, quiet people need apply. ■ ■ ,
1 1 19 HOWARD-2 SUNNY' FKONT FUR-
X Xtr-j nished housekeeping rms. ; rent to $l. r >.
<y\ C HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
XtJXO rooms for light housekeeping; use of bath,
laundry, yard: no children. .
.Larkin Street. , '
/IQQ L A R K I N — NEAT BAY-WINDOW
tfcOO Housekeeping rooms; hot water; reasonable.
XftMtoo street.' . ,
Q-| r MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
Olw ii;g rooms, tarnished complete for house,
keeping: $3 75 week.
TA9/J MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOM;
lU^l running water, bath; $7. ■
■•'■ O'*arroll Street. :
T497 CFAKRELL— UPPER FLOOR; 4 OR 5
U— i 1 rooms and bath: light housekeeping:' ref. i
Q9Q O'KARRELI.r-FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
O^O housekeeping; call 9to 12. ■ :
. • feeventJi; Street. ■ •
HO SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
XttXl rooms; also single or en buite; auitable for
ado tor. • . .
Taylor Street.
1 Oft TAYLOR— NICE COMFORTABLE ROOM
X I/O for light housekeeping. ..
■ .••; V; Thirteenth . Street. . -■----
. .
1 f\O THIRTEENTH— NICELY FURNISH-
-IUO ed rooms, complete for housekeeping; $12.
■ i'urif : Street. , , ,
091 TURK- 2 UNFURNISHED PARLORS,
OZi I gas and bath. $15. ■■ ■" . ,
Van'Kess Avenne. ' ■
71 A VAN NESS AVE. — 3 COMPLETELY
I XV furnished housekeeping rooms, $20. * '
HOrSKEEEPINR BOOMS — Continued.
Webster Street.
"I 99 WEBSTER— 2 - SUNNY ROOMS; LIGHT
M.JU£i housekeeping; modern conveniences; reas-
onable. :
"Welßli Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— NICELY
f urnislu-fi housekoeplngrooms; yard : cheap.
KOOJHS TO MJX.
Brannan Street.
A99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
tt—— . of stov<;: $1 per week.
■ -.. . Calif or 111a Street.
1 A -K± CALIFORNIA — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
-L^rOtr rooms and kitchen with gaa, bath, atove,
running water: $15. . .
Devisactero Street.
"I A AO DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
X\J\JO ave.— Furnished sunny rooms for invalid,
or single gentlemen.'
.fcudy Street.
9Q EDDY. OPP. TIVOLI — FURNISHED
—>J suite: also double and single rooms: gas.
tight h Street.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street. ~~~~~~~
CAQ ELLIS-SINGLE FRONT ROOM FOR
O\JU Kemleman, 6; large one, $8; private famiiy.
I-'olsom Street.
OOA FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH-FURNISHED
O— \J rooms from S>l a week. •
1A "I *r 1 FOLSOM, NEAR TENTH— LARGE
X*±X«J2 alcove room; running hot and cold
water; bath; gaa and electricity; modern.
Jfranklin Street. ■
£\ C FRANKLIN— A SUNNY FURNISHED
t:-L O room with closet and running water; use of
bath. '
Fulton Street.
I O FULTON— LARGE DOUBLE SUNNY
XXU room; housekeeping if deßired ; $7.
Geary Street.
91 7 GEARY — SINGLE UNFURNISHED
All room; rent reasonable; key 'Jl7i /2 , rear.
C1 Q GEARY— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
ulO double and single; suitable doctors' oilices;
reasonable.
7A i\A GEARY— SMALLSUNNY FRONT ROOM,
UV*±BB; also large rocm, $1'.;; bath. _^
I Ul I GEARY, COR. VAX N Kss AVE.. THE
XXUJ Martinet; tirst-clat-s modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and sinule; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.
■■<.'. 1 Gate Avenue.
ffOO GOLDEN GATE — ELEGANTLY FUR-
UOO nished rooms; stugle and suites.
1 1 Ofto GOLDEN GATE AVE.— LARGE SUN-
XX^iU ny front room rent
1 9n^\ GOLDEN GATE AVE.— FIRST FLOOR
-1»-Ut.» of house; S rooms and washroom; base-
ment and garden.
Oougli S-reet.
ml GOUOH — NICELY FURNTSHED
J-UJLI sunny bay-window alcove room; $12.
Grove Street.
1 Afr GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
X.U-J front rooms, $8; single room, *4. -
Ho\var<t Street.
7 A/f HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINE
I v/"± front rooins: lir3t floor; quiet house.
TRI * HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
UJ.2 bay-window, other double, single rooms;
reasonable. •,■. j.--.
Jones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I manacement: elesant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearuy street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
-/v ant sunny rooms, en suite »nd single; tirsi claa*
in every respect: leruis reasonable.
Lark in Street.
<9Q i; A R K I N — NICELY FURNISHED'
tr— O suites: single: running water; bath; gas.
1 LARKIN — LARGE ' SUNNY . " FUIT
J. . \)\j nished front room, $8: sincle rooms, $5.
fllarhet Street. " ■
■y-OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Bixth and Seventh— Sin£le and snites: per
night, .33c to .$1 : week,'sl GO to -families .
n.).) MARKET — NICKLY FURNISHED
r-J suite: also single room*
Mason ■ trcct.
I (M\ MA SON'— ELEGANT FURNTSHED SUN-
XUU ny front rooms: also for light housekeepine.
is»if,ii street.
K/"«1 MISSION, NR. SECOND— FRONT ROOM
«JUX and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
7CO M I SSION — 1 LARGE- F URNIB HED
• Ui) front room for $10; also 1 smaller front
room,st>.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
■ O'l 'arrell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
i^g nicely furnished.
Q9 O'FARKELL - NICELY FURNISHED
'J—O sunny room; runniiiß water; suitable tor 2.
Terry Street.
2 BERRY COURT, BET. JONES AND LEAV-
<£ enworth— Neatly furnished room.
Potit Street.
9A7 POST-PLEASANT furnished SUN-
*«vl ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
' ~\(\\ i'osr— NICE..Y FURNISHED SUNNY
•JUL rooms; singlt-oren suite; ratea reasonable.
COR POST— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
v> — •> suite.
Seventh Street. *-. v VV-\>'
IBRB -1 '.'■'•. -*•■•>■; - - ; ■ -
"I OQ SEVENTH- F URNISHED FRONT
100 sunny rooms adjoining housekfeping;cheaii.
1 Ofi SEVENTH— 2. LARGE ROOMS, FUR-
IOU nished complete for housekeeping: yard.
"1 »>7 SEVENTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, $1
XO <.. per week up; housekeeping; transient.
■;.•*" St e venson Street.
JAQ STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH— ROOMS,
ttUO furnisbed complete for housekeeping.
Sutter Mreot.
Q9AI SUTTER- ALWAYS SECURE IN PER-
O.iU2 son aud property and rooms sweet and
neat, says the leading hatier of San Francisco:
rooms at Shasta rooming-house, price $2 50 per
week, formerly $5. ' """.
Taylor Street.
Cin TAYLOR — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
•Ji-U sunny parlor; private family.
QAQ TAYLOR — SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O\JO bay-window room; grate; gas; board.
Third Street.
TTTINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night ; si 50 to $t> per week;
electric ligtus in every room: reading r"m : bus.
9AK THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
— '< 1 room9, single and suites: $8 and SI 6 up. !
BOAUUISG A.M» KOOMS.
HANDSOME FRONT AND B^JK^tTaULOR;
warm belt of the Mission: bath; gas; piano;
breakfast: use of private team: references ex-
changed ; $10 per month. 629 Noe at. :.y»»'?^
A(\\ LOTT, TWO BLOCKS FROM BAKER—
TfcU"J; Sunny rooms with board. , .--^
OTEL BERTLING. 714 SU— A FAMILY
hotel: referencea given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. ; »
A WEEK'S • NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-*■*- *»VEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CHILUKKN liiiAiiatili. ~~
wol^ld^like^oTi^vlbTolr^vhllldr^n
I Tt- to board; nice home; mother's care; best of
reference. 1205 Laguna st.
LA Y CHILDREN TO BOARD; $8
month; mother's care. • 503 Tweniy-si-coml st.
STORKS to let. ~~ -^
tor^^\vtt j h^~l"a"rge sumv^wTN?)nXr|
handy for oflice or other business ; cheap rent.
318 Leavenworth st. , .
S" TOUE AND THREE LIVING ROOMS. 953
O Folsom St., necr Sixth.
STORE AND S BOOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
Seventh st. '
OFFICES TO LEl\
■Tj" ANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
XJ man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; first floor.
ELEGANT offices in NEW SPRECKEL3
J^ buUdin*-, - 925 - Market: rents low; no extra
ciiarge tor gas, janitor services or heating. Adslt
at building or O. H. UMIISEN & CO.. 14 Moutg. at.
•_;.' ■'■•'■ ■. STOitAUK • "^ ..-. /.-■ :■
APPLY, FOR OUR RAT^^OITTsTORING
furniture, "etc. - SHIREK &■ SHIREK, 747
Market st, •■'•■. . ..-.;■-. . ■ .
A MERIC«\N FURNITURE CO.. 1127 MAR-
J^X ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. |
m H. ROONY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE. AT
X .reduced rates: basement storage, 50 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN <fc CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
STORAGE OF RNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 730 Market st.
ILSON BROTKSRS. 1710 MARKET—
*» Storage; low rates; telephone South 763. ,
aiONEy T0.,L0Af1.'.,-;
Q9^on WANTED, ON- CITY PROPERTY;
frTAi-^ worCn * 5 °00: at 7 per. cent. P., box 65,
Call Office. . ■;> <; ' , -j -
A NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-£*- estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate, - McCOLGAN. 21 Hoatgomery, room3 3-8.
O" N FURNITURE OH PIANO BY PRIVATE
W party; low Interest; strictly privau.. 215 Powell.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
-u Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts.
A-l ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY ANIJ
i i J^. er VttlnaDle at the Security Loan Office,
iJUbMarketst..nr. Masoa: private entrance 7 Turk.
"niRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
-L-' or piano; r.o removal; no del^vs; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. • Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market si.
"1 ST & 21) MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
-»-tateB;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED OX
■£*- your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call aad
state your proposition or write; open evenings.
. J. NOONAN. 1021 Miss.oU3t.
$500 "000 ONREA L ESTATE: LOWEST '
<DO\Jy',Vyj\Jt&tea. A.scuri.i.iK.aOS Montgy
MONEY TO LOAN OX MORTGAGE OR COL-
■L'X laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMOX, 303 Montg.
lyj OKTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON C0.,3-'8 Montgomry .r.2l4.
QAKLAND LOANS ON REAL, ESTATEI
nrst mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
MON EY TO LOAN ; PRIVATE. 410 KEA KN Y
St., room 6.
A PY AN S ! - ESON DIAMONDS.JEWKLKY, ETC
XVColumblaLoßn »i- Collnteral Office, 9 Grant ave.
PAWXBKOKERS. /
AT 126 KEA^T^T.." J RbolJ~9^JioS<EY
-Ti. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate room.-.: elevator: pledges ior sal j cheap.
'—^m^^^s^*"^ Aiivl " '■'•■
OOn TO LOA^" onluf^insTpolT-
QIUU.UUU cles. JOS. B.TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
\\r ANTED— AT 1 PER CENT; "" GOOD
'T security. P.. box 8, Call Office.
"\JERCHAXT \v a N is $2000 FOB 1 OB 2
i-7,, V- ars ftC 10 Percent., on $13,000 security,
$.000 insurance; Al reference; full investigation.
Address Business, Call Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
T OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
■l-i life insurance policies; low rate of interest-
l)H.iKbu:ik.. bought. 330 Montgomery s:.
f \ '_l I>KNTISTS. ~ "~~
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DB. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si,
DR . GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
I.eek dentist, discoverer of nalnless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
*pAINLESB EXTRACTION, 60ci CROWN
■L bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13vears'
experience. R. L. WALaH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
1 |B, H. H. SHAW, 221 KEARXY — BBIBGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ■
DR. L. T. CRAXZ— EXTRACTION PAXNLBBST
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ave.
pBOOME DENTA.L. ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reil-
able agent for painless extraction:' artificial teeth
lrms6; fillings i rm $1 : extracting 50c. with gassl.
*E»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS .
«JP • good as can be made; rilling $1. DH. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
I^R. LUDLUM HILa,, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge ior extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
pOLTOX DENTAL ASSi (CIATION. 806 MAR-
V^ket st. DR. CHABLEB W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 M A RKET, GOLDEN .
xJ Gate ave.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
\ LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-"
±\. ranted. Pit. J W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
(T^APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB ,
iV,. J ,7" L^ CALL, sent to cny address in the
nited States or Canada one year for $1 £0, post-
TRUSTEBS' SALES.
m rustee.s' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and un ler the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed t>y T. D. BrfOWN and
SARAH LA DORNA BROWN (his wife), some- '
times called SARAH LA DORNA LA MaRSNA
BUG AN, parties of IHe first part, to lIEXRY C. •
CAMPBEi.L and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees,
partiea.of the second part, and the sax FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, -
dated February 9th, IS9I, and recorded in the •
oftice. of the County Recorder of the Countv of :
Tulare, Stateof California, in Liber 7 of Trust Deeds,
at pages 418 and following, and in pursuance of a :
resolution passed on the 29th day of November, .
1895, by the bo rd of directors of Baid SAN •
FBANI o SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,661), to secure ■
payment of which tho aforesaid deed of trust was <
executed, dc-dnring that default had b->en made in •
the payment of the principal sum and other sums, :
due uuder said note and <ii •>t of trust, .11. d request-
ing a:.d directing said liI.NJIV C. CAMPBELL ■
andTHADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said' in- !
debtednes*. - • <
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS :
B. KKNT, trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
TuESDAY, the 25tii day of February, A. D. i
1896, at 12 o'clock nooa of that day, and at the '.
auction salesroom of Easton, Eldridge & Co.. No.' <
638 Market street, in the City atV Countv of San "
Francisco, State of California, we will sell'at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all hose pieces or par-
cels of land situate in the County of Tulare, State .
of California, described as follows, to wit: •
According to the official plats and systems of sur-
veys of the Government of the United Status: .W ]
In township twenty-one (31) south, range (
twenty-live (25) east, Mount Diablo base and ,
meridian. j
Of section three (3), the northwest quarter of ,
the southeast quarter (NW. 14 of SE. 1.4), and the f
southwest quarter of the. northeast quarter (S\V. ,
1,4 of SB. 1,4). ]
Containing eighty (80) acres of land, more or <,
less, together with the appurtenances. .
. TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the ]
United States; ten per cent payublc- to t'<e under- •
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on
delivery of deed; and If not so paid, unless for .
wnnt oi' title (ten days being allowed for search), "
then said ten per cent to be forfeited, aud the sale .
to be void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. t
HENRY c: CAM PB ELL, \. r , ■
i THADDEUS B. KENT, ') lr "Stees. 1
rPRUSTEES'SALIi.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH -
X the terms and under the authority of a cer.ain
deod of trust, duly executed by , WILLIAM -
SMITH, parry of the first part, to HENRY C. •
CAMPBbLL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN t
FRANCISCO SAVIN'. UNION, party of the -
third part, dated December 27th, 1889, and re-
corded in the office of the County Recorder of -
the County of Tulare, State of California, in Liber '
7ot Trust Deeds, at pages 85 and following: and "
in pursuance of a resolution passed on the 9th day
of January, 1896, by the board of directors of said t
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corpora- -
tlon, and the holder of the note (No. 9778), to t
secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of ,
trust was executed, declaring that default had *
been made in the payment of the principal sum c
and other sums due under said note, and deed of "
trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and ADDEUS B. KENT, I
trustees, to sell the real estate described thereinto ■
satisfy sulJ indebtedness. •
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS ..
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice, that t
on TUESDAY, the 25th day of February, A. D. J!
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day. anil at the a
auction salesroom of EASTON, ELDRIDGE & ,c
CO., No. 638 Market street, in the City and County Ij
of San Francisco, State of - California, we will sell .
at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash c
In gold coin of the United States, all ih.it piece or c.
parcel of land, situate in the. County of Tulare, 0
State of California, described as follows, to wit: d
According to the official plats and svstem of sur- a
veysof the Government of the United States: t
In township seventeen (17) south, ran^e twen- ,
ty-three (23) east, Mount Diablo base and mef \
ridian: 1
Of section two (2), the east half of the west half r
(E. 3^ of W. 1/2). containing one hundred and sixty 1
(160) acres of land, more or less, together with c
the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the «
United states; ten per cent payable to the uuder- "
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de- «
livery of deed: aud if not so paid, unless for want '
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then 1
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale'to be t
void. - Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. *
. HENRY C.CAMPBELL, ). , !
THADUEUS B. KENT. ) lrl 'stees.
fTIRUSTEES' SALE-1N ACCORDANCE WITH e
J. the term3 and under the authority of .1 certain s
deed of trust, duly executed bv J. M. HUDSON, s
party of the first part, 10 HENRY C. CAMPBELL *"
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties of r
the second part, and the SAN FIJAXCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party cf the third part, dated a
September Ist, 1890. and recorded in the office of (
the County Recorder of the County of Tulare, State a
of California, in liber 7of trust deeds, at pages 250 s
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution '■
passed on the 23(i day ot January, 1596, by the V
Board of Directors of paid SAN FitANCISCO -
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder j a
of the notes (No. 10,327), to secure payment of n
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed. I
declaring that default had been made in the pay- n
mentof the principal sums and other sums due c
under said notes and deed of trust, aud requesting b
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and -
THADDELSi'.. KENT, trustees, to sell the real '"
estatedescribed therein tosiitisfy said indebtedness. 1>
We.'HENRY C.CAMPBELL and THaPDEUS
B. NT, trustees, do h»reby.give notice that on I
TUESDAY, the 3d day of March, A. D. 1896, at 12 °
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales- I
r.iom of EASTON, ELDRIDGE <t CO., 638 Market o
street, in the City -and County of San Francisco, o
State of California, we will sell at public, auction, d
to the highest bidder, for cosh in gold coin of the n
United States, all- that piece- or parcel of lund J'
situate in the County of Tulare, State of California, e:
described as follows, to-wit: • ■ ,  tl
According to the official, plats ana system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township seventeen (17) south, rang" twenty- s
five (25) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian, of
section twenty-nine (29), the < north ha (N V2I. —
containing three hundreU and tweiuy (320) | acre3
of land, t more or less, together with the ap- -
purtenances. ; * , . ?,"• ■ - ..'. ■ . .._<■ -\
TERMS OF SALE— Cash: In gold coin of the J
United States, ten per cent pa3-able 10 the under- 1
signed on the fail of the hammer, balance on de- J
livery of deed, and if no: : so paid, unless ior ; want —
of title (teu days beint; allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be «-
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expanxe. • - r j
HENRY C. C AAi P3ELL, V™ "stees, f|
THADDEUS B. KENT, j^rustees. r(
_^. _•_ CITY REAL ESTATE.
ftzt^On FOR SALE— I b£6ciTVrO3l THE
<IP^t«Jv/v/. park; new house, 6 rooms, basement
and aftic; well built aud rintjy arranged. Take
3icAllister-st. car to Scanyan and apply afPark
House. •
<K;1 CinCl FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
<|Tlvw. Cal. and tier. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly.
$350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly.
$750— Eusiness lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, SI weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
BRIGHT, CHEERY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tlon. Frnltvale Terminal Tract: lots $150 up.
©99?; IF TAKEN AT ONCE; LKVEL LOT, 1
*®£>^O block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell st., room 3.
FORT SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modem house fit 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
281/. Zoe St., city.
0 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels,etc, built for s32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCO.VAHAY.iI 49 Mission
_^ COUrtrtfcl KEAL JiSTATi..
ORANGE BLOSSOM^OLONYi -
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAIj.
Beautiiul yoong orange groves in tracts of 5 acre*
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line bet weon
btocliton and liercea. The Stanislaus and San
Joaqulu Irrigation Comoany's canal run3 directly
through the colony und the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to -seil portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Thn property is under the immediate
direction nnd care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares tor the orange groves for non-
residents. *
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rlsht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rirhis, 370
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; tula per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, map3 and catalogue*, ai.
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., vft
638 Market Street.
san Francisco, Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, CaL
"1 f»O ACRES ONLY $10 PER ACRE.
-*- "— 40 miles from this city and 2 y 2 miles from
railroad; never- fuil ins: salmon a.nd trout stream;
3-rcom cabin and chicken-house; good land; an
ideal place for campers, summer outing or poultry.
HUGH SUIEL-*, 6)- Martlet, Crocker building.
9OA ACP.ES OF LAND (U-NIMpItOY fcD),
-UU wood and Tuolumne County;
for cash. I), C. box 133, this office.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
lj proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on S and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
MA COUNT Y-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. "
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms mad»
to suit; send ior i ircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
QENDFOROUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOO.STKR & WHITTON. iMin Jose.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI.AM :DA KKAI, KSTATE.
ffl-XXA 40x160, STREET SEWERED AND
<SriJtJ\J graded; $6200, business lot 50x150, fi."e
cottage, 6 rooms: 7-roorn house on Union bt., bar-
gain. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St., Alameda.
ft t&nO HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN:
.*IIS xOUU. near narrow-gauge station; street im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $13000.
$1000: lot 50x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. 1 •'. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park St., Aiameda. ■-. •■;
BEKKtLKY KKAXi ESTATE.
DON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE L^fTANITDIE
happy? thi-n select your home in beautiful
Berkeley: lots, and lots of them, for sale by JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station..
OOK AT THIS— I HAVE FOR EXClf.\
-I-J ior a small ranch a 5-room cottage; | lot 120x
335; beautiful view; value $3000; mortgage
$1300. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station. ;
HAVE tiO r J UWP WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
-L liouse; thoroiiL-hly well built; large corner lot;
cars pass the door: -and on your own terms. JOS.
J. Mason, Dwight-way station.
"you SEE THEY ABE BOOMING BTOCK-
X ton, but any sane person prefers "Kerkeley the
beautiful." .Look: at this: A new 9-room house,
near university, strpet work all done, and ouly
83200. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
\\- k OFFKfR A FINE" LOT ON HASTE ST.
»» ior $1000: oue ou Hilgard.: ne.ir r. ('., for
$800, both with street work done; also one near
North Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY «fc CO.,
Center st.. Berkeley. ■ . ■ ,
"SANTA CLARA COUFtyT
- KEAL i;STATK.
SANTA CLARaTcoFnTy' PROPERtV^"
- for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable ior getitlemau'3 home, semi-
nary or summer boarding: with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
ivell, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imp'e-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, pigs, chickens; 30
if-res fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres In wheat
ind barley. For price and fur: her particulars apply
E. -McCURRIE. office Lloyd Tevis. Mills blag. S.F
, HOKSi)S.- :■
FINE SOUND HOR.SE; HAR^CESsTaLMOST
new; light delivery-wagon; cheap. 239 Fif-
teenth st.. near Mission.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagonp, buggies aud harness.
"I ST-CLASB PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
Tr\(\ *KTB NEW A.ND SECOND-HAND HAK-
.I *J\J ness: all kinds; wa^otjs. buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons.' 1128 Mission st.
OKSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. Tho Urd»
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
D~R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
k-eon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave. telephone south 401. ;
A A HORSES FOR BALE: ALSO WAGONS
O.V/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We^ne*-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
] Oft SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALu .
i-"V/ kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
b)eo 20 cheaD horses. Flf teenllt and Valencia sts.
~ sheriff's SAJLKJS. ~ ~
Ch^rTff^s^sTlje-plTcTfic^a^kTa^
O poration). plaintiff, vs. ROBERT W. NEaL
md E. PIERPONT, defendants. No. 63,062. '
Superior Court. Department L Order of sale and
iecree of foreclosure.
- Under and by virtue of an order of sale and dp- '.
•Tve of foreclosure, issued out of the Superior
.'ourt, Department No. 1, of the City and County
>f San Francisco, State of California, on the 14th
lay of February, A. D. 1896. in the above entitled
iction, wherein the PACIFIC BANK (a corpora-
ion), the above-named plaintiff, obtained a judg- :
nent and decree of foreclosure against ROBERT
iV. NEAL and E. PIERPONT, defendants, on the
llth day of February, A. D. 1896. which said judg-
ment and decree was on the 11th day of February,
\. 1). 1896, recorded in Judgment B'ook 30 of said
-our;, at pa?e 238, I am commafadf d to sell all that
certain lot, piece or parcel of land situute. lying i
in<l being in the City and County of Sau Francisco, ■
Stnte of California, and bounded and described as
lows:
Commencing at a point on the southwesterly
Ine of Twelfth avenue (now Dominica street), dis-
aii; seventy-tive (7b) fee. northwesterly from the
ivust corner ot K street (now Savannah street) and
twelfth avenue (now JJominica street) : thence
running northwesterly along the said southwest-
jrly line of 1 welfth avenue (now Dominica street)
seventy-five (75) feet; thence at right angles
iouthwester!y and parallel with K street (now
savannah street) two hundred (2CO) feet to the
lortheasterly line of Thirteenth avenue (now Ser-
ria street) thence at right angles southeasterly
ilong said northeasterly line of Thirteenth avenue
now Servia street) seventy-five (76) fee»; thence
it right angles northeasterly and parallel with K
itreet (now Savannah street) two hundred (200) S
'eet to the point of commencement; said piece or
mrcel of land being known and described as lots
S os. Two and Fifteen in block No. Two Hundred
ina For: ven, upon a certain map entitled r
nap of . the property of . the South San Francisco
iotnestead and Railroad Association, which said >
nap is duly tiled in the office of the County Re- i
•order of the City and County of San Francisco -in
nap-book No. 2. ■ ■ - -
Together wita all and ; singular, the tenements,
lereciitaments and app'irtenauces thereunto be-
onging or in any wise appertaining. • ■•• .
Public notice Is hereby given that on SATUP.-
>AY, the 14th day of March, A. D. 1396, at 12
•'clock uoou of that day. in front of the new City
lall, Larkin-srreet wing, in the City auct County .
if San Francisco, I will, in obedfence to said order "
>f sale and decree of I foreclosure, seil the above- '
lescribcd property, or so much thereof as may be ■
iccessary to raise sumcient money to satisfy said '
i:dgmeut, with interest and costs. etc., to high-
Bt and best bidder, for lawful money, gold coin of
he United States. " ' -••;-' ->,--■■■< — -■-.-.. .
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff. '
Pan Francisco, February 21, 1896. ...v v> • ',
iAWYER & BURNETT, No. 420 California St.. ;
San Francisco.' Attorneys for Plaintiff. ■■■■>.
YU" PHYSICIANS! ■;-;■, ~~' "• :
D^Xb^LU^I^PHY^ICN-SURG EON. ROYAL
University Tnrin.ltaly. Nucleus bldg,6ol Marlct '
DEMOVifiD— JJB. C. |C. j O'DONNELL^f 1206
Lt/'Market st.;. '\i>> ■■■•>ses of women a specialty. - ■
. i.^ ■. ■■•••• - ! /, XO; ■ LKASJS. 1 ;',•;■:■ > ,'•;, •■ ;[ ;■
ro lease - o^:ai^6N-^Rt^~2~ToT!? i
1. splenlid location for grain and lumber yard-' I
ent a trifle. C, box 6, CaU Oflice. * ' 1
'■'..-.■■".-'■- ■ •■ *
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
VINE HOUSE SACRIFICED; CENTRALLY
J- located near railroad station well surrounded;
next to corner; 58x127: house of 9 rooms; in
splendid order: very sunny; 2-story stable: room
for croquet grounds: clear property might be taken
in part Payment or terms. HEP.OX & HOLCOMB,
1000 Broadway.
"VJ ODEKN 7-ROOM HOUSE; LOT 50x109;
-i»x opposite residence of U. S. Senator George C.
lerklns: lovely view; mortgage can run;
Sl'. l v- take iS ll2oo for equity: S ood buy. E. E.
BLNCE. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
9 '"SO BUSIN CORNER LOT; SEV-
*f yy ' enth street. Apply at store, 1548 Park
street, Alameda.
9M ACKKS ' SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
ZtrriutTUSS?'' ' 20 acres lruU : house aud barn;
*5.50; $800 cash, balance in trade.
k« 1 1 o n Grove 8t and Plymouth ave., Oakland;
80x116; very cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway
Ci 1 00 CAS}I AND $20 PEK MONTH WILL
yjiuusecnrca new 5-room cottage; large lot;
close to station and electric cars: price $1800.
\V . C. MORAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
©100 LO ' AT FRUIT VALE STATION;
<iP-LV/'J. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
ft9H MONTHLY i'OR D-KOOM COTTAGES:
> 4T- <l - / plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
ftl 'SO f OTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IX
tip XtJ\J. ii-uitvale; electric cars; only s?l dowa
and fl a week: selling fast: good im])rovemonts.
H. I>. I'INXLY .owner. 802 Broadway. Oakland.
r O £XCUAN(i£.
/^IOOD RENTING OAKLANI) AN 1> BERKE-
\J ley property to exchange for land or ranches.
J. H. KDSON. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
LATJiSX SUIIVPIXG LMJJLHUfiNCe.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. February -JO.
BtmrGeo Loomis, Brkigett, 35 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Pacific Oil Co.
JJomestic Ports.
PORT BLAK KI.KV- Arrived Fen 20-Bark Car
rolltou. from Iqulqne.
bailed Feb 20— Bark Mgrjcmy. for San Fran
cisco
HAMBURG— SaiIed Feb 15 —Br ship Loch
Linrihf, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed Kcb l'J-Brship Armida, for
San Diego.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— bailed Fib 18-Br ship
Inverna, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA- Sailed Fab IH— Br ship Wilhelin
Tell, for Iran I"rauoi3co.||
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Fob 18— Brstrur China,
for Sau Francisco.
Movements of Tram. Atlantic Steatnera.
NEW YOBK— Arrived Feb 20— Slmr Munchen.
from Bremon: stmr Werra, irom Kenoa; stmr
Sonthwark. from Antwerp: stnir Britannia, froai
Naples.
BREMERHAVK-V— Arrive;! out Feb 20-Stmr
Spree.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Feb 20-Stmr Aus
trian.
GENOA— sailed Feb 20— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm
11. for New York-.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 20-stmr Mississippi, for
New York.
LIZARD— Pa-rawl Feb 20-Stmr Mohawk, from
New York, for London.
BEAOHY HEAD— Passed Feb2o—StmrSpaarn
dnni, from Rotterdam, for New York.
DIYOKCK FBOCJEJEBJUPfUS.
Complaints filed:
J>. K. Wade aitainst Lydia M. Wade.
John Coster against Ann Custer.
Divorces erame;!:
Xellie Myrtle Karris from W. H. Harris, for
cruelty; by Ju Ige Troutt.
Elizabeth Robinson from E. \V. Robinson, for
desertion ; by Judze Seawell.
l.ucy Rice from George K. Rice, for desertion:
-by Judge Seawell.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
(Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not he Inset ed. Thev must be handed in at
either of the publication" and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.]
\. ' BORN.
COUGHLAX— In this city. February 18, 1896, to
■ the wife of Senator J. J. Coughlan, a son.
HAVILAXD-In Oakland. February 19. 1H96, to
the wife of Perry A. Haviland, a daughter.
LARIMER— In Oakland, February 17, 1896, to
the wife of F. B. Larimer, a boh.
OW S— February 17, 1896, to the wife of James
Owens, a daughter.
SHANNON— In Alame-la. February 18, 1896, to
the wife of S. J. Shannon, a daughter.
SIEBERT—In this city, February 20, 1896, to the
wife of Charles J. Siebert, a daughter.
WILKIE— At the I'otrero. February 19. 1896, to
the wile of liiincan Wilkie. a ditn-*ht»T.
MARRIED
IIKNSEN— ANDERSON— In this city. February
,19,1896, by the R.-v. F. R. Farrand, John I.
Hensen and Florence A. Anderson, both of San
i Francisco. -..- > T -\
JENKINS— HUBERT— In this city, February 20,
1896. by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. John Jenkins
and Xellie Hubert, both of San Francisco.
K TTF.R-HENSI.EY-In this city, February 18.
1896. by the Rev. Father Coyle. Charles F. Kut-
ter and Mae Hensley.
Bell, William A. Lauritzen. Tore
Cheever, Gertie Levi. Eruilie
De Smet, Christine Lynch, (ornelius
Jiickson, John McGeeney, Bridget A.
Evier, Blanche Morrissy, Michael
Foster. Annie G. ■ Xolsn, Margaret T.
Fowler, Margaret A- Stiedel, Susan
Hagler, Erhardt Thomas. Susan A.
BELL— In this city. February 20. 1896. William
Arthur, beloved son of James and. Mamie Bell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months and 10
days.
CHEEVER— In this city, February 20, 1896, Ger-
tie, beloved daughter of Frank and" Paulino
Cheever, and sister of Frank and Gracie Cheever,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 8 months
and 20 days.
DF. SMET— In the City and County Hospital,
February 20, 1896 t Christine de Smet, aged J"i
years.
DICKSON— In Sulsun, Cal., February IS. 1896,
John Dickaon, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
EVIER— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 20, 1896, Blanche Evier, aged 35 years. !
FOSTER-In thi3 city. February 19, 1896. Annfe
Gertrude, wife of Fred G. Foster, a native of
. New Brunswick, aged 26 years.
fiSTThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from corner Stock-
ton uud Geary streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. .'•*<.'; :;:>'. i
FOWLER— In this city. February 19, 1896, Mar-
garet A. Fowler, a native of New York City,
aged 66 years
HAGLER— In this city, February 19, 1896, Er-
hardt Hairier, a native of Swizerland, aged 82
years and 3 months.
LAURITZEX— In East Oakland. February 19,
1896. Tore Lauritzen. a native of Norway, aged
40 year3 and 8 mouths.
LEVI— In this city, February 18, 1896. Em'lle.
beloved wife of Jacob Lc-vi Sr., and mother of
Mrs. Jacob Levi Jr., a native of Germany, aged
67 years. . .-. ■ . .
I*3" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at,
9:30 o'clock a. m.. at her late residence, 1363
■ Post street. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by special train at 11 o'clock a. M. from
Third and Townsend streets.
LYNCH— There will be an anniversary requiem
high mass celebrated for the repose of "the soul of
the late Cornelius Lynch at Mission Dolores
Church TO-MORROW (Saturday) at 9 o'clock
a. m. sharp. Friends and aeq naintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
MeGEENEY— The first anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated at St. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Stelner streets, TO-MOK ROW j
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., for the repose of
the soul of the late Bridget A. McGeeney.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully in-
vited to attend. ..,.■ \; 0
MORRISSY'-In this cltv, ' February 20. 1896,
Michael, husband of the late Ann Morrissy, a na-
tive of county Gal way, Ireland, aged 67 years 4
months and 6 days.
NOLAN— In Oakland, February 20, 1896, Mar-
garet. Theresa, dearly beloved wife of Michael
Nolan, daughter of Catherine and Richard Riley,
and sister of James and John Riley. a native of
- San Francisco, •, aged .30 years 4 months and ao
days. :
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteml the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it:, from her late '
residence, 722 East Fourteenth street, thence to
St. Aijthonv's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
comniencint: at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment'
St. Mary's Cemetery.
3TIEDEL— In Oakland. February 18, 1896, Sasan
Stiedel, relict of the late George Stledel. and
sister of M. Catherine Houriet, a native of
France, aged 74 years and a months.
MIOMAS— In this citr, Februarv 20, 1896, Susan
A., beloved wife of Thomas L. Thomas, a native
of England, aged 21 years and 10 months.
JT. M. I.— "Members of the Young Men's Institute
and friends are, requested to attend the a,nnnal
requiem solemn hißh mass under the auspices
of Ignatlan Council Xo. 36, for the repose or the
souls of deceased broihers of the order at St.
Mary's Church (old Cathedral), California street,
TO-MORROW (Saturday), al 9:30 o'clock a m
FRANK McGLYNN, President.
W m. H. Rickard, Secretary.
UiS*lTKI> " DNDERTAKEBS 1 I'
■ EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
| Telephone 3167. 27 and ¥9 Fifth street.
"~ McAVOY & CALLACHER, 1 "
FUNERAL DIBECTORS & EIEBAL3IEBS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
£"";■' Telephone 8080. •
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SEOTARIAT*.
1 laid oat on the lawn plan; perpetual care- beau!
llful, permanent and, of acceas; seeU'befoM
»«iriDff a burial plac^elsewhereT fOr-
Uty Offivt, » tit> Hall Ai»u k
1516
THE NEW CHURCH
OF ST. BRIDGET.
It Will Be One of the Hand
somest Edifices in
the City.
ROMANESQUE IN STYLE.
Plans Now Completed and Work
Will Be Prosecuted
Vigorously.
BRICK AND GRANITE STRUCTURE
Father Cottle's Success Since He Toek
Charge of the Parish Eight
Years Ago.
(hit at the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, at a ]>oint commanding a
magnificent view of the bay of San Fran
cisco and t he green hilb of Marin County
in the distii'ice, a corps of artisans are at
work laying the foundation of the new St.
Bridget's Church. Bhea<£ Shea, architects,
have just finished the plans for the edinoe,
and kindly furnished The Call with the
following perspective sketch. Frank
Shea will put liis best effort into the
structure, and hopes to see in it, when
completed, an architectural triumph. It
will be Romanesque in style.
Father Cottle is pastor of St.
Perspective View of the New St. liriJget's Catholic Church, Corner of Van Ness Avenue and Broadway, Now in Course of Construction.
[Reproduced from the plans of $h>a & Shea, archi'ert;.]
< hurcb. S:nce assuming charge of the
parish eight years ago, he lias made re
marKable progress in his pastorate. He
soon swept away all debt on the old church
and has money on hand to commence the
new one, which will cost about ?T5,000.
The new church will have a frontage of
sixty-four feet on Van Ness avenue. The
lot has a depth of 190 feet on Broadway
and I'OO feet on Van Ness avenue. The par
ochial structure will adjoin the church
and front on Van Ness. The tower tfill
rise to a height of 12U teet. It will be sur
mounted by a beautiful gold cross. Brick
and granite w'll be used throughout.
The foundation, which is now being laid,
will be of concrete and the basement will
lie a departure from the old style. The
floor will be Sash with the street while the
walls will rise to a height of sixteen feet.
The walls will be brick with an outer fin
ish of granite from eight to ten inches in
thickness. The basement will be the full
width and length of the church. It will
\jp used as a hall for Sunday-school pur
r>o«'p«, social gatherings, musical and
literary entertainments, reading circles,
lectures, etc.
From ti»e basement will rise the walls of
the church proper. They will be of brick
With terra-cotta trimmings!.
The entrance to the church will be
through three grand arches having a span
of fifteen feet. The approach will be by
6tone steps rising gradually from the side
walk and protected by balustrade's. From
the first ytorj" to the roof over the center
aisle the height will be forty-five feet and
the side aisles twenty-five feet from the
main floor of the church. The finish of
the interior will be after the Italaian re
naisane. The nave will be fifty feet wide,
and the walls on either side will be sup
ported by columns and arches handsomely
carved and ornamented.
The sanctuary will be circular in form
and have a depth of thirty feet and a width
of thirty-five feet. The wall over the sanct
uary will have circular windows behind
Romanesque arched colonnades. The whole
arrangement of the interior will be such as
to give an unobstructed view of the altar
from ail parts of the church.
The ceiling will be elliptical in form
and free from break, so that a large paint
ing or fresco can be conveniently worked
on it. A gallery will run the full width of
the church, as in St. Ignatius Church, and
immediately over it will be the organ-loft.
The roof will be of California slate.
WANT TO CLEAN UP.
Residents of South San Francisco Ask
the Supervisor* to Kxteod the
Found Limits.
There is a pronounced disposition on the
part of the residents of South San Fran
cisco to clean up the streets. A movement
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
D|r&&t I Baking
m. :^ ** mg&ssi &ywUv&
~~ AB&OI.UTELY PUBE
to that end has been on foot for some little
time, led by Health Inspectors Kinne and
Duren.
Yesterday the Castro-street Land Com
pany tiled with the Board of Health and
also "with the Board of Supervisors a peti
tion for the extension of the Pound limits,
covering the district described as follows:
Commencing at the intersection of Stan
van avenue with Thirtieth street; thence
north on Stanyan avenue to Corhett road;
thence west to San Miguel road; thence
southwest to Ocean House road; thence
southeast to the San Jose railroad track;
thence to Thirtieth street; thence west to
the point of commencement on Stanyan
avenue.
It is also asked that deputies be ap
pointed to control tins district.
Complaint u made of the number of hog
ranches in the neighborhood and of tiie
fact that the hogs are allowed to roam at
larire. They recommended that the hog
limits be extended so as to be bounded as
follows:
Beginning at Stanyan and Thirtieth
Bridget's
streets; thence west to Fowler street, to
Melros-e, to Humphrey, to Spreckels ave
nue, to Edna street, to Havelock, to San
Jose avenue, to Onondaga avenue, to the
Mission road, to Amazon avenue, to
Munich street, to France avenue, to L.e
Grande avenue, to Dwight street, to San
Bruno road, to the county line, to the bay
shore, to Lyon street.
Both petitions were referred to the Board
of Supervisors.
MECHANICS' PARADE.
The Junior Order "Will Display Its
Strength on "Washington's
Birthday.
The final arrangements for the celebra
tion of the anniversaiy of Washington's
birthday were completed by the committee
having the affair in hand last evening at a
meeting of the Washington's birthday
committee of the Junior Mechanics held at
B"iu.i B'rith Hall.
The parade will leave the foot of Market
street immediately upon the arrival of the
creek boat from Oakland, which will prob
ably be about 1 :30 r. >i .
A large number of councils from the in
terior will participate, also a large delega
tion of those participating in the Oakland
parade.
The parade committee requests all lodges
and societies ihat expect to participate to
report to Grand Marshal McCord, whose
headquarters will be at the corner of Davis
and Market streets.
Lincoln Council No. 2 will form on East
street, right resting on Market.
Starr King No. 0 will form on Steuart
street, left resting on Market.
U. S. Grant No. l'J will form on Druinm
street, right resting on Market.
General George A. Caster No. 23, James
Monroe No. 'J4, Paul Revere No. 28, John
A. Logan No. 31, Henry Clay No. 34, and
councils from Oakland and Aiameda Coun
ty, together with unasstpned societies, will
form on Front street, right resting on
Market.
Z. T. Whitten has been selected as chief
of staff, and the following wilt act as aids:
Charles F. Church, orderly; A. D. Els
worth, K. A. Nelson, Solomon Jacobs,
G. F. Fletcher, G. E. Randolph, \V. H.
Kirkham.
The grand marshal will wear red, white
and blue sash, chief of staff red, orderly
blue, and aids white sashes.
From reports received by the committee
it is safe to predict a large turnout of the
order and various other societies.
Eminent speakers have been obtained
for the day and evening exercises. The
McKenzie Choral Society will furnish a
chorus of 200 voices in a rendition of
patriotic song! 1 .
The procession will move up Market
street to Ninth and countermarch to Odd
Fellows' Hall, where it will be dismissed.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1896.
DO NOT SPEAK
AS THEY PUSS BY
M. A. Gunst and Ed Corri
gan Have Each Other
Blacklisted.
ROW OVER POOLROOMS.
The Chicago Man's Denunciation
of the Police Commis
sioner.
HE LEAVES FOR THE EAST.
Cool Heads Interfered and Prevented
Serious Trouble With T. H.
Williams.
Edward Corrigan, the millionaire turf
man from Chicago, who has been a lead
ing spirit in the I'acilic Coast Jockey Club,
left this City last evening to spend a
couple of weeks in his old home.
During his stay here he inaugurated the
fight which has been conducted so vigor
ously against the downtown Doolrooms.
lie believes that these institutions are the
parasites that eai away the life of horse
racing in any community, and if any par
ticular craze has settled in on him it is to
close them up. He succeeded in Chicago
even beyond his expectation. He enlisted
tne Civic Federation in his fight, and that
organization did so well that it not only
closed up the poolrooms but caused the
bookies at Washington Park to quit busi
ness as well.
In this City Mr. Corrigan conducted the
fight single-handed. He had the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club lease the only wire out
of the Ingleside Track, and by preventing
people Irom leaving the course until after
the fourth race he stopped touts and mes
sengers from wiring or telephoning the
results of races into town. His stringent
methods would have killed the poolrooms
but for the fact that they were able to
resume business every two weeks during
the alternating of the races when they
were held at the Bay District Track.
This was galling to Corrigan. He did
not stop to consider the asservations of the
California Jockey Club managers Chat,
do as they might, they were powerless
against news leaving the track. He over
looked the fact, the directors of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club say, that Ingleside
and the old track are differently lo
cated, and that while prying eyes could be
excluded from the former there are a score
of points of vantage from which they may
be focused on the latter.
In his anger at finding his well-laid
plans frustrated every two weeks, Corrigan
addressed President Thomas H. Williams
in a rather scorching manner some weeks
ago. Neither has the coolest head on
earth, and words with stinging meaning
were exchaneed. This was in the lobby jf
the Palace Hotel, where they were sur
rounded by friends, and no very great harm
was done.
But before leaving the City last night
Mr. Corrigan expressed his feelings in re
gard to Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst
when the two met in the Baldwin Hotel.
Mr. Gunst is serious and cool. He real
ized that he was lister'ng to a man who
was spurred to anger by a strong desire
that was being thwarted. In consequence
he moved away from the irate gentleman,
giving him the sole occupancy of the room
in which they had met.
"It wasn't a controversy," said Mr. Gunst
to a Call reporter; "it was simply a one
sided declaration in which I took no part.
Corrigan is irrational and unreasonable.
He accused me personally and as a Police
Commissioner of standing in with the
downtown pool-sellers and of furnishing
them with the news from the Bay District
Track. As a matter of fact, lam the first
man who took any steps to have the pool
men arrested. I caused Corbett and his
men to be arrested eight times, and eight
times more have I caused Mission-street
pool men to be brought in by the police.
'"The manner in which Corrigan spoke
to me precludes our ever meeting again on
a friendly basis. He accused me of fur
nishing the news to outsiders for pay. In
the future I shall have nothing to do with
him or anybody else deriving revenue
from the racetracks. I will only associ
ate with such men as Thomas H. Williams
or the Spreckelses, who are in for racing,
pure and simple. To tell the truth, I
have even lost interest in racing matters
and while I am a director of the Califor
nia Jockey Club I very seldom attend any
of our meetings.
"In regard to the manner in which the
poolrooms downtown get their news, I can
only say that we have a single wire from
the Bay District Track to the Western
Union office. The news is sent East,
whence it is very probably sent back to
this City, either by the Postal Telegraph
Company or the Western Union. We have
a contract with the latter company stipu
lating that they will not give out the race
news in this City, but we cannot possibly
prevent their eiving service from foreign
cities."
FOR Y. M. I. DAY.
A Long list of Prominent Members
N .mi i (i to Act as Vice-Presi
dents.
The committee of arrangements ot the
VXouni nan's I usutute baa made a seiec
tion of vice-presidents for its patriotic cel
t-bration of Institute day to-morrow in
Metropolitan Hall. The" vice-presidents
are made up of past grand presidents,
grand ollicers, prominent members aud
priests of the order, as follows:
J. J. MeDade, J. F\ Smith, F. J. Murasky. V. J.
Kieree, John Lynob, E. I. Sheehan, Richard
O'Connor. D. W. Rrwin, F. J. Kane, L. L. James,
W. D. Shea, I). J. O'Leary, Dr. John Galloway,
F. T. Shea, J, C. O'Connor, Rev. C. E. O'Neill,
Dr. J. t;. Morrissey, John O'Ponnell, J. J. Gtt
dea, O. A. S. Stanley, Charles llealy,
T. B. MaGinaU. J. J. O'Brien, Dr. D.
F. Itagnn. S. R. O'Keefe, K. V. Kul-
Itvan, Robert Tobin, M. O'Shaunessy,
P. C. Crete, M. c. Hnssett, Joseph K. O'Donneu,
J. \V. Butterworth, James P. Brady, M. J. (.'tmcr
ton, J. K. Kenny, A. IS. BCagail*, K. J. O'Rourke,
\\ . 11. Powers, J . K. Ricbardi, T. B.' Slavin, S. I.
Warren, J. j. Degan, \V. P. Johnson, W. T.
\\e!ih, J. y. CallaKlinn, James P. Dockery, T.
N.Brady, J. j. Bra.lv, E. J. Gallagher, .1. K.
Britt, J. W. Stmnahan, M. F. Silk, Charles
MeAu'.iffe, J. M. Larroche, C. Cummin^'s,
J. 11. Hoare. John Regan, Dr. W. J. Hawkins,
P. J. Drtoooll, J. F. CBrlen, W. P. Delaney, J.
K. Hawkins, T. P. O'Brien, 1". J. Ward.J.J.
Sheehan, R. A. Miller, W. F. Ambrose, Rev. P.
J. Cummins, Rev. J. E. Cottle, Rev. J. G. Con
lan, Rev. James F. Flood, Rev. Joseph 11.
Gleason, R ev . J. If. McDonald, Rev. i\ S.
Casey, Rev. P. O'Connell, Rev. John Brennan,
Rev. P. E. Mulligan, Rev. P. Foley, Rev. M. Otis,
Rev. M. P. Ryan.Rer. H. H. Wyman, Rev. P. C.
orke, Rev. t. A. Dyson, Rev. Father Ferguson,
Rev. 0. A.'Kainm, Rev. Philip O'Ryau, Dr.
George \V. Woods. J. R. Whitaker, C. J. Carroll,
I'. J. Harnev, Neil Henry, T. E. Treacy, J. C.
• p Hiy, 3. V. Sullivan, J. T. (Jreany, U. I. Ma
honey, T. 11. Faiion, F. McGlynn, (i. W. }'at»-r
--son, W. F. Stafford, J. K. Tevlin, Samuol
Haskins, T. \V. Doyle, & J. Ruddell,
>\ . J. Ahem, D. J. O'CallaKhan, D. F. Shea, Dr.
T. 11. Morris. J. li. Haffeii, T. J. Barry, J. V.
Atitller, M. C. Haley, F. Kilduff, J. P. llerlihv,
J. E. Gallaßher. M.'J. Hurley, F. J. Conn, E. D.
Sullivan, James Glackin, T. S. Cronin, J'. J.
O'Donnell, 11. G. Leffiuan. James Kingston,
John Riley, R. E. Faxacketley, Dr. J. P.
McCarthy, E. J. Coffey, N. J. Hoev
J. M. Ward, Joseph A. Kelly, B. C.
Church, P. M. Kinc, James 11. Kelly, pßtriek
McGee, P. E. McCarthy, D. K. Ryan, R. J. To
bin, J. J. Tobin, F. 8. Wenninger, T. F. Welch,
EL E. White, E. Walsh. Daniel Sherin, R. T.
Browne, John Kenny, Owen Wright, P. F. Glea
son, F. McAleer, David Goggin and Thomas
Druhan.
PADEREWSKI'S FAREWELL.
An Kxtrnordinnry Demand for Seatg for
the Kecital This Afternoon.
The closing recital of the series of five
wonderful performances on the piano by
Paderewski will be given this afternoon in
the California Theater at 2 :30 o'clock.
There has been almost as great a rush
for tickets for this recital as for the lirst,
when all musical San Francisco was full of
expectancy and excitement over the
advent of the celebrated artist.
The advance sale of seats showed that
Faderewski might remain here for an
other week or two and draw full houses
at daily performances, for the lovers of
music in its highest and most sublime
llights are at his feet. His final recital
promises to be a fitting climax. The pro
gramme is one that is sure to delight the
audience, and there is every reason that
in this farewell effort Paderewski will
leave in a biiize of glory.
J. F. TURNER'S MORTGAGES
They Led Him to a Quick Con
viction on a Charge of
Forgery.
He Had Affixed the Fresno County
Recorder's Signature to a
Deed.
J. F. Turner, who has been on trial be
fore Judge Wallace for forgery, was found
guilty yesterday. He will be sentenced
next Friday.
The evidence taken in the case showed
that Turner had be,en guilty of the old
swindle of reniortgaging land, although he
had added forgery to the swindle. It was
that phase of the transactions which
brought him before the jury.
The deed upon which Turner forged the
Recorder's name wns for the Simons ranch,
owned by Lizzie O'Donnell. J. P. Frenna
loaned Turner $8000 and was given a mort
eage deed to the property as security. This
deed Turner said he would have recorded,
and Frenna allowed him to keep it.
Two weeks afterward Turner returned
the deed to Frenna. In it was a certificate
signed by T. A. Bell, Recorder of Fresno
County, showing that the deed had been
duly recorded and giv.ing the day and date
and hour. It was not until March, 1893,
that Frenna became aware of the forgery,
and then, upon investigation he found
that Turner had in the meantime mort
gaged the property to three others. Judah
Boas, Victor Duharne and Mr. Fagan of
the American Bank and Trust Company
had also loaned money upon it.
The arguments and the Judge's charge
to the jury wero finished by 12 o'clock and
the jury took about ten minutes to reach a
verdict.
Turner is the man who is mixed up in
the insolvency proceedings which surround
"Nobby" Clarke.
The Kquitable'a Financial Strength.
The annual financial statement of the Equit
able Life Assurance Society has just been made
public. Even outside of its policy-holders this
statement must create interest, es showing the
financial strength of a company which has
over nine hundred millions of assurance in
force. The statement reports over $200,000,
--000 of unexceptional assets, and a surplus of
over .?40,000,000 over all liabilities.
When we consider the magnitude and sacred
character of the Interests involved in the ex
istence of a great life insurancecompany.it
must give a certain satisfaction to all to know
that the interests of the Equitable's policy
holders are protected and assured by a surplus
of over $40,000,000.
Lecture on "Catholic Loyalty."
Rev. \V. D. McKinnou will lecture on "Cath-
olic Loyalty" in Metropolitan Hall this even
ing. The lecture will be delivered under the
auspices of the Young Men's Catholic Union.
California Psychical Society.
Professor Edward Howard Griggs of Stanford
University will lecture at Golden Gate Hall,
Sutter street, this evening at 8 o'clock. Sub
ject: "The Scientific Study of the Higher
Human Life." Tickets 25 cents. •
LYONS POST G. A. R.
AT "FIX BAYONETS"
The Charges of Mismanage
ment at the Veter
ans' Home
DENIED BY ITS OFFICERS
They Point Out the Blunders in
the Condemning Reso
lutions.
THE USES OF THE CANTEEN.
How the Expenditures Are Made—Re
port of the Commandant
Last Year.
The old warriors of Lyon Post No. 8,
G. A. R., of Oakland, have fixed their bat
tle-stained bayonets, and their long-silent
bugles are blowing sonorous sounds. No
foreign foe, however, brings the vengeful
steel from its sheath, and neither the call
of menaced Venezuela nor the wail of mur
dered Armenians musters the yeteran
righting men of the Republic.
Lyon Post is decidedly in the pathway
of war nevertheless, and the object of their
wrath is the board of directors of the Sol
diers' Home at Yountville. At a meeting
last Tuesday a set of resolutions were
adopted, as published yesterday in The
Call, strongly condemning the directory
in their present management of the home
at Yountville.
The resolutions charge extravagance on
the part of the directors, misappropriation
of funds, drunkenness on the home
grounds by the officers of the institution,
and the expenditure of public money for
lobbying purposes.
The charges are sweeping in their tenor,
even going so far as to complain that the
directors constructed the 3ewer so that the
drainage from the home emptied into Napa
Creek above Napa City, from which the
residents of that place obtained water. It
would seem, at lirst glance, that the mem
bers of the Common Council of Napa City
were the better judges of the sewerage
question, but the old troopers of Lyon
Post severely criticize their comrades in
the directory.
They ask that the Grand Army of the
Republic at the next encampment, at
Santa Cruz, transfer the home to the
State of California, regardless of the im
portant fact that the Mexican War veterans
have a fifth interest in the institution and
would fight that proposition as they once
foueht Santa Anna at Buena Vista. The
Governor is asked to investigate the
charges and cause suit to be brought
against the treasurer of the Veterans'
Home Association to recover all moneys
paid by the association, for services ren
dered the home while a member of said
association; also against the directors for
all moneys misappropriated by them.
A recresentative of The Call inter
viewed a number of G. A. R. men yester
day and heard them deny in detail the
charges. It i8 the general belief among
the officers of the association that the reso
lutions were inspired by Comrade D. \V.
C. Thompson, late commandant of the
home, who was removed by the directory
several weeks ago. Thompson and the
board were at sabers' point during much
of his administration, and peace was only
declared when he was mustered out of
office.
"I do not know anything about the orig
inator of the charges," said Vice-President
G. W. Arbuckle, "nor who he is, but he is
certainly most ignorant in Grand Army
affairs, and especially in matters pertain
ing to the home. His mistakes are repre
hensible, because he could have easily in
formed himself.
"Now let us take the charges one by one
and discuss them. It is untrue that one
of the directors is paid $<JOO a year for ser
vice? us treasurer of the home. It is also
untrue that he has $20,000 pension money
under his control. There is $13,000 depos
ited in tbe different banks in this City on
interest for old soldiers now at the home,
and the treasurer can no more control
that money than you can. Pension money
is not paid in bulk to the pensioners at
Yountville. A few dollars is given them
from time to time, and the rest is paid to
ttieir families, if they have any. When
they leave the institution, all money due
is paid to them. The treasurer's bond is
only $10,000, it is true, but under the cir
cumstances that is considered sufficient.
"The directors maintain an office in this
City at the following monthly figures:
Oflice, $35; secretary, $150; treasurer, $50;
medical examiner for admissions to the
home, about $15; total, $3000 a year. The
articles of incorporation of the Veterans'
Home Association says in the third para
graph that the principal place of business
of the corporation is in the City of San
Francisco. Lyon Post certainly knew that.
"There is no saloon on the grounds of
the home, unless the canteen can be called
by that name. All military posts, I be
lieve, maintain a canteen where liquor is
sold to soldiers under restri«tions that will
wholly prevent intoxication. The in
mates of the institution cannot be con
fined, and the canteen is maintained to
prevent those addicted to liquor from get
tinc drunk away from the grounds, where
they cannot be taken care of. There is no
drunkenness at the Veterans' Home, I
assure you, and the sweeping charge that
directors can be seen in a state of intoxica
tion is as silly as it is false.
"The sewer, which is said to empty l(J,000
gallons of filth into a tributary of Napa
Creek, has never been complained of by
the people of Napa City. As a matter of
fact it empties into a dry creek ten miles
from the city, and the contents are ab
sorbed into the soil before they reach the
main stream.
"In regard to the misappropriation of
funds the State and National governments
give us $142 86 yearly per man for tne sup
port of the home. If we can save by
economy and good management from that
we make much-needed improvements.
Every purchase or expenditure is passed
upon by the supply committee, and not a
bill is paid until the State Board of Ex
aminers, comprised of the Governor, the
Secretary of State and the Attorney-Gen
era!, have scrutinized it. The directory is
perfectly willing to have Governor Budd
investigate at any time the affairs of the
institution. The charges are not only un
true, unjust and unpatriotic, but they
show a limited Knowledge of the plain
facts of the case that is unexcusable.
"Past Commander E. W. Woodward of
Lyon Post and Comrade Norton, the pres
ent commander, visited "Yountville last
year and in their report at the Sacramento
encampment spoke in laudatory terms of
the borne and its management.
"Comrade D. \V. C. Thompson, who was
the commandant at the home, in his 1895
report to the board, said in closing:
The home has now more members than ever
before, the men are all well clothed, quartered
and fed, and are better behaved, more con
tented and healthier than at any previous
time.
More permanent improvements have been
made and larger crops produced this year by
far for the money appropriated than any pre
vious year.
1 congratulate the board of directors on the
excellent condition of the home and the im
portant work they have accomplished the past
year.
"So the old troopers again in fratricidal
strife are treading the pathways of war,
and, to use an unmilitary term, 'some
thing is a-going to drop.' "
VETERANS IN DEFENSE.
Lincoln Post Adopts Resolutions In
Support of the Directors.
The following resolutions in defense of
the Yountville Home directors were
passed by Lincoln Post. No. 1, of this City
last night, the vote being unanimous:
To the officers and members of Lincoln Pott, No.
1, Department of California, Grand Army of the
Jicimblic— c'omkadks :
Whereas, There has appeared In the public
press of this City and Oakland a set of pre
amble and resolutions setting forth in detail
charges against the management of the Veter
ans'Home at Yountville, and the misappro
priation of certain moneys appropriated by
the United States Government and the State of
California for the maintenance of that estab
lishment, said resolutions purporting to have
been adopted at a regular meeting of Lyon
lost No. 8, of this department, at its regular
meeting on Tuesday even ing, the 18th inst.;
and whereas, it is the belief of the undersigned
that said resolutions and charges were not ill
spired by a motive of furthering the best in
terests of said Veterans' Home, and were passed
by Lyon Post without any investigation what
ever as to the correctness of said charges; and
whereas, it is the belief of the undersigned,
from close observation, that the present man
agement of the home is careful and economi
cal, mid that the directors are, each one, indi
vidually and collectively painstaking and eco
nomical in the expenditure of any moneys
coming into their hands, and that the pensions
of old soldiers, members of the home, are care
fully and honestly cared for, aud that by the
can- which is exercised by the directors many
families of such pensioners get the money tha"t
would otherwise be squandered in dissipation :
and whereas, as a matter of tact, statistics will
show that the cost per capita of caring for the
members of our home at Yountville i s consid
erably less than the average maintenance of
the National homes throughout the United
States, while all will admit that thev are as
well cared for and as well fed as at any of the
Government homes. Now, therefore,
Resolved, That we express our confidence in
the honesty and integrity of the present board
of directors of the Veterans' Home Association
in their management of the affairsof the home
at Yountville, and in the proper expenditure
of all moneys coming into their hands; and be
it further
Jitsolvfd, That we earnestly protest against
individual posts in this department taking up
and heralding to the world things that if true
would be best regulated at the proper time,
which is before trie department encampment
of the State oi California, which meets leaa
than sixty days hence; and that we ask all
members of the Grand Army in this depart
ment, in their different post organizations, to
insist that these promiscuous attacks against
the institution that is nearest and dearest to
the hearts of every old soldier in this depart
ment be stopped, and that in the future post
organizations do not allow themselves to be
used to express the personal spleen of indi
viduals with personal grievances to air.
H. W. Mortimer, Commander.
Official: J. C. Imns, Adjutant.
MAY SMITH'S MURDERER
Her First Husband Implicated
by a Mendocino Deputy
Sheriff.
Had Often Threatened Her and Was
Seen Near Her Room Shortly
Before the Murder.
A startling theory regarding the recent
and mysterious murder of "Little May"
Smith on Morton street has at last ap
peared through the supposed impenetrable
cloud that has hitherto enveloped the
identity of her murderer. Many theories
have been advanced and many plans laid
for the detection of the one who so quickly
and silently robbed the girl of her life, but
all have been laid aside, either owing to
the lack of evidence or through the sus
pects showing conclusive proof that they
were innocent of the charge placed against
them. Another startling theory regard
ing the crime is advanced by a Mr. Hatch,
a deputy sheriff of Mendocino County.
Mr. Hatch called at the California-street
police, station last evening and left his
statement with the station-keeper with
instructions to forward it to Chief of De
tectives Lees.
Speaking about the case he Baid : "I
came to this City from Mendocino County
the day after the murder of May Smith,
and as I had practically no business to at
tend to I concluded to witness the race3 at
the Bay District Track. I was a stranger
in the City, and although I hardly ex
pected to meet any one with whom I was
acquainted, nevertheless I kept a lookout
for a familiar face and h'nally met a, Mr.
Gould of Ukiah whom I had known for
several years.
"He advanced the following theory re
garding the murder: He said he" had
known May McDermott, the murdered
pirl, for a number of months prior to her
death. He met her and she told him that
her first husband, Mr. Golden, had been
causing her serious trouble of late.
"She said that he had called upon her,
and through threats and intimidation
compelled her to give to him her last dol
lar. She continued: 'I endeavored re
peatedly to compel him to stay away from
me, as I feared he would carry out threats
which he hud made against my life on
numerous occasions.'
"Mr. Gould stated to me," continued
Mr. Hatch, "that on the night of the mur
der, a few minutes previous to the rinding
of her body, he had seen Golden in front
of her rooms on Morton street. He ap
peared to be greatly excited, and, after
glancing from side to side, he walked down
the alley and disappeared in the crowd
which nightly hailnts these quarters.
Since this time he has not been seen
around his usual resorts, and it is pre
sumed that lie has Jeft the City."
CUT UP HER DRESSES.
J. G. Bennett Arrested, on the Com
plaint of His Wife, for Battery.
J. G. Bennett, chief engineer of the Pa
cific Telegraph ana Telephone Company,
was arrestad on a warrant last evening on
the charge of battery and was released on
$300 bonds.
The complaining witness is his wife,
Arvilla Bennett. The couple live at 744\
O'Farrell street. Mrs. Bennett, in swear
inp to the complaint before Judge Camp
bell, stated that her husband had been
drinking heavily of late. Wednesday
night he went home in an intoxicated
condition and amu>ed himself by threat
ening to kill her and cutting 'her line
dresses into strips with a knife. When
she tried to prevent him from destroying
her dresses ne roughly pushed her away
aud threatened to use the knife upon her.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chinaware, Glassware and
Tinware
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very I'retty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
B'2 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
NEW TO-PAY. _
It'ii'i.'sl W"'/,i|
F''/ ; 7 iVi ••
fir llul'trA ft' I''1 ''' 1
It's birthday week with us.
Saturday we'll be four years
old, and we will do a great
many things this week that
we shan't do next.
For instance:
We'll place on sale
some of our very cleverest
fine Worsted Trousers for
men, cleverly tailored, in
neat, genteel stripes.
We won't attempt to tell
you what they sold for be-
fore, but we'll tell you what
we're going to sell them
for to-day,.
-$1.50-
It's ridiculous to quote such
a small price for fine
trousers, ain't it? But we're
doing it this week, as it's
birthday week with us.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
THE FRISCO BOY;?,
9; 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
DON'T PASS THIS BY,
"VTOW IS THE TIME TO BUY CHEAP, AS WE
J-> are still blockaded by the Spreckels fence, and
we are willintr to make big reductions In the prices
of our Shoes as an inducement lo our customers.
This week we are making a special drive on La-
dle3' Lace Shoes. They have line lioneola Kid
Vamps, Cloth or Kid Tops, Pointed or Medium,
Square Toes and V-shaped Patent Leather Tips
with pliable soles, and we will sell them for
$2.35.
They are worth at least $3, and can be guaran-
teed in every way.
Here is a bargain, and no mistake, and I.adi.-s
who wear Oxford Ties should take advantage of It.
Ladies' J)ongo:a Kid Oxfords, with Pointed Toes,
Patent Leather Tips and FRENCH. STITCIi
HEELS and Hand-Turned soles, ior
$1.35.
They are easy on the feet and require no brf»k-
ing In. Widths C, D and E. They retail regularly
for $2 and $'2 50. •---.-'
; JfcS" Country orders solicited,
JKS* Send for Xew Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street, San Francisco.
<^ SFAt^c o
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Lending Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
diseases of the head, throat, luncrs, heart, s'oin-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
xniicocele, hydrocele and Swelling of the gland*
Lo-s or partial loss of B'.-xual DO-.ver in either ni-ri
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry
bashfulness, railing memory and ail the dlstreu!
ing Ills resultincr irom.nervous debility positively
an', permanantly cured, (ionorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loatbsonm disease Synh
ilia. thoroughly and forever cured. •.. ...
WKITK your troubles .if living away from th*
dtv and advice will be given you free of char
Address • F. L. B*'KASY, M. D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oftiee),
H San Francisco, c«JU