VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. %4s.s
FATE OF FAURE
IN THE BALANCE
France's President May Be
Compelled to Give
Up Office.
SINISTER SIGNS APPEAR.
Mob Violence Probably a Prelude
to the Revolution That
Is Imminent.
ENGLAND AND THE TRANSVAAL
Disturbances in Matabeleland That
Give the Boers an Excuse
for Arming.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Esq., April 25.— There was a
little street fighting between soldiers and
police on one side and the populace on the
other in Paris last night Half of the cor
respondents stationed there for the Lon
don papers treat it as trivial, the other
half deem it an overture to a sinister
period of mob violence. This contradiction
is typical of the uncertainty enveloping in
the whole French situation. My own
reading of the riddle is tnat up to Wednes
day Bourgeois believed that " he had the
President at his back and saw his way
clearly through a campaign of mingled
strategy and force which must end in
smas -ing the Senate, but that at the criti
cal moment everything was altered by his
discovery that Faure had slipped away
from behind him md was trafficking with
the other side. This theory has at least
the merit of explaining what has hap
pened which no other can do.
If it is right, then the burden of what is
to happen will fall on Felix Faure himself.
It is only a fortnight ago that he was pub
licly insulted by the fashionable support
ers of the Senate and could not venture
into the streets without being hooted by
their hirelings. If he be weak enough to
turn and play their game now they may
use him, but they will not protect him in
the Elysee a day longer than it may be
necessary to their purpose.
His resignation, as I understand it,
formed part of the original . Bourgeois
scheme;., but .= then it was to be only a
J dummy resignation; to give a pretext for
convening. the Rational Assembly. at Ver
sailles. This body was to re-elect him,
and then, incidentally, revise the constitu
tion in the matter of cutting the throat of
the Senate, j Perhaps this leap in the dark
was too much for his courage, perhaps be
feared treachery on the part of the Radi
cals or doubted their having a majority at
Versailles. At all events he drew back,
and Bourgeois had to resign instead. The
Chamber of Deputies, however, has con
tinued to show fight, and unless it alters
its attitude it can render any new Ministry
impossible for even a day and mate a dead
lock, which may be met in only one or two
— either the President must resign or
he must get the Senate to join him in de
creeing the dissolution of the Chamber and
a new election.
This dissolution is now a different matter
from what it would have been with Bour
geois in office.
The French elections are vigorously
managed by the French ministries
through departmental administrative ma
chinery, and the Senate has refused to
give Bourgeois this chance of working up'
a Radical majority in the new Chamber
but now that he is out the . anti-Radical
plan is to fix up an ad interim cabine t of
strong, unscrupulous politicians, with
perhaps Meline, the McKinley of France,
at its head, and when the Chamber says
no to it simply to produce a document de
claring the Chamber dissolved. Appa
rently this is what may be expected next
week unless Faure meanwhile gets a new
panic and retires altogether. Whichever
way one studies it, big constitutional
issues are involved in the struggle, and it
is extremely unlikely that they may be
settled withou t trouble.
There is a sudden revival of excited in- j
terest in South Africa here which recalls
the wild fluttering of that eventful first
week of January. To-day it seems just
about an even chance if the 300 white
people in Buluwayo are to escape mas
sacre or not, and each day row will in
crease terribly the odds agains t them.
Since the Sepoy mutiny no such fate has
overhung a British community of any
size, and the fact of telegraphic communi
cation being maintained with the .be
leaguered folk only makes the tension of
anxiety here greater. Unhappily, this
lurking terror of what may happen in
Matabeleland insists on braiding itself up
with apprehensions of, perhaps, even
graver mischief elsewhere. The Boers
have taken fright at this new massing of
British forces on their frontier, and are
hurriedly arming and mobilizing their
fighting men for an emergency. They re
ply to the English protests that these
fresh, big levies are to rescue Buluwayo
and crush the Matabele uprising by quot
ing Dr. Jameson's similar muster on their
frontier last winter, and really the British
find themselves without any ; suitable re
tort to this. They can only lose their tem
per and warn the Boer that if he makes
himself disagreeable at this juncture •he
will stand a very good chance of getting
""bis head broken, whether ' he be in the
right or not. ,■';. • - '■«'".
This rising choler of the English is being
sedulously fanned by the German "reptile
press," which insists daily' that the tales
of the Matabele revolt are-all bald inven
tions, designated to cloak a ma-sing of
troops for invasion of the Transvaal. Of
course advantage is taken of it also by the
aristocratic and stock-jobbing /classes
here, who are crazy for conquest of .the
Transvaal and' the grabbing of the gold
fields.
There are unfortunately^ signs that these
powerful classes at last/ have Chamber-
Jain's ear and that, he is leaning more and
more to their view of the situation. , r Mon
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 26, 1896-TaiRTY-TWO PAGES.
j day will do something to shorten the pub
lic suspense, at all events. ; >
Cecil Rhodes' brother and his two col
leagues have pleaded \ guilty of high trea
son, and a lesser plea is entered for all the
others, and the sentences are to.be an
nounced Monday. This evasion of trial
obviously means that the Boers had se
cured evidence of the implicity Jot Rhodes
and t, the -.Chartered Company ■ which it is
desirable to keep suppressed)- and which
in' times of less stress would count heavily
with public opinion here against the con
spirators.-, !• !
As it is, however, Englishmen are get
ting too worried and irritable to give much'
heed to this aspect of the case, or to go out
of their way 'to be! Quixotically fair. If
Monday's sentences strike them as being
excessive^ it will ;be difficult to raise a
clamor here lor an intervention "of suffi
cient volume to drown "all): objection, and
probably that is what is most to be feared.
SANTA ROSA'S CARNIVAL QUEEN AND THE LADIES OF HER COURT.
Of course this ; threatened revival of the
Transvaal question breaks open again all
the half-healed sores between Berlin; and
London, and « if it goes further j. we. will
doubtless, hear once again of Germany's
active partnership with Russia in , the far
East/;',:, ');;!. >:v ; . •.■'.' '■'■ '-..:■...'■! /..,! ,'•■' ;
If "■', there is anything new about Vene
zuela :-',■ it "is known . at *, Washington:
much better than here. Aside from Cur
zon's indefinite remarks it is impossible to
learn 'anything, and .1 doubt if - Curzon
himself knows more on the subject. ; Har
court is to have another try Monday, at ex-!
tracting detailed ' information, and possi
bly then Olney's latest dispatch,- which ar
rived yesterday, will, have . helped to clear i
up the situation. -There .is no disposition!
herein {any. quarter -to. have trouble,-; but 1
the Foreign Office is six months behind in
all its works and needs - sharp spurring in
ternally. -
The rupture in the Irish! Parliamentary
party is at last complete. -.. Healy, . Arthur )
O'Connor, Vesey, Knox and their follow
ers, numbering about twenty-five, will not
attend further party meetings or accept
notices from the; party whips. -;'. They were
driven to- course by the asininitv of
the kept majority in thinking that "they!
could, on the "same day, formally £ insult
Knox, and get Timothy -and Maurice
Healy. to help them to frame amendments
to the Irish land bill' by, putting them on I
the committee '; from which /Knox was
pointedly /excluded. " The ; lack Jof brains
involved in this proceeding made it neces
sary for the men who j alone know tbe! in
tricacies of land ; legation (to cut loose at
once if 'there was to* be any (• intelligent
criticism of the , bill' at all.' (.This secession
leaves Dillon with some forty followers, of
whom ( thirty are ; paid ( heelers'", of a type
lower intellectually and morally than the
worst things New York or Kings County
ever elect 'to the Legislature, (and % the '
remainder .mostly ambitious' egotists or
timid nonentities, who carry no weight in
the House. ' There is not a lawyer left
among them, even of ; fifth rate rank, or a
parliamentarian! -of : any' standing what
ever.-' It is the end of the home-rule move
ment as shaped by Parnell. Of course the
Irish question , is eternal and it will •* be
revived in time in a ' new movement; but
the old one is dead. ': ' '; ; ', ■' '" : : '' t; -
'-■Without wishing to be harsh' it may be
said that Baron d*s Hirsch's 'death is to be
counted among his"- benefactions Ito his
race!: He combined to ;an j exasperating
degree the power of devising / and initiat
ing vast philanthropic plans with a dispo
sition to meddle, minimize and f obstruct
their operation after they had 'been r set
going. His* whole) tremendous project of
transplanting Israel from Russia to a free
soil of ' its own ,v which ; was : , the ; biggest
individual "*■ scheme of v. its' kind \ in history,
was hampered and - frustrated to a great
extent after 1 the work was started by
his own weakness of judgment and char
acter. The trouble lay.; in his radical
inability to judge men and his profound
suspicion of everybody who was not on the
spot and engaced in flattering; him; He
would always listen to the fawning para
site at his ear as against ; the honest agent
toiling in his interest "elsewhere,' with the
result that everybody of any value who
undertook the management of the Argen
tine colony or any other phase -of ■> the
Baron's gigantic project /found himself
forced sooner or later to throw up the task
in disgust. '". .' " \ *(.','.;'
'From what is known of his arrange
ments it is believed the direction of these
great enterprises ' will devolve now ( upon
boards of * trustees "(who will *be under no
temptation '•. to * spoil with' one hand what
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SANTA ROSA'S
COMING FETE
A Charming Autocrat Soon
to Rule the Merry
Sonomans.
QUEEN LAURA'S COURT*
Her Majesty Will Jße Surrounded
by a Bevy of California
Beauties.
ROBES OF DAZZLING RICHNESS.
Costumes in Which the Sovereign
Will Appear— Plans for the
Coronation.
SANTA ROSA, : Cal.. April 25.— Now
that the battle of the flowers has been
fought and won at the floral fete of Santa
Barbara; that Queen Mildred and the hosts
of the brilliant fiesta of. Los Angeles have
given way to civic rule, public interest
turns to the ruler of California's great
annual flower shows, the Santa Rosa rose
carnival. j Never before has there been
such concerted effort on the part of Santa
Rosa's leading citizens to insure the suc
cess of a public affair. The continued cold
weather and heavy rains of this week have
caused the "calamity howler" to predict
a . lack : of flowers, but from those best
qualified to judge it is learned that the
cold weather has been a blessing in dis
guise, provided that the community is
"blessed" with two days of sunshine next
week. There are millions of buds that
only wait a touch of sunshine to blossom
into glorious flowers.
The carnival will open on Thursday,
April 30. and continue for three days. For
the lovers of athletics there will be bicycle
races daily at the fine new track con
structed by the Santa Rosa Wheelmen's
Club, a bicycle parade, containing repre
sentatives from all the principal organiza
tions in the State and a day of field sports.
There are many noted "flyers" already
here who will compete for the liberal
prizes offered to professionals, and high
class sport is expected.
>i There ■will be a tilting tournament by
well-known riders, as well as an exhibition
of broncho ''busting," with two balloon
ascensions and parachute jumps to amuse
the crowds between acts. Other out-door
amusements will include open-air con
certs, a display of fireworks and the daz
zling floral ' pageant, of floats, carriages,
carts, bicycles and horses, that is to be the
star attraction of May 1. r ■ :.:~- *'■ -,-.* .-.-.
The formal opening of the carnival and
coronation of the queen will take place on
Thursday night in the Athenaeum, and
will be followed by an exhibition of fruit
and flowers and a concert by Roncovieri's
American Concert Band of sixty pieces.
On Friday night will take: place the floral
ball, a feature of which will be a game of
living whist ! immediately. preceding the
grand march. The ball will open at 8
o'clock with a > concert by Roncovieri's
band, and at 9 o'clock the queen and her
retinue of nearly 100 people will start the
revelry. z-?.-rix..\
First will come four heralds, followed by
six pages, all dressed in pure white. After
them will.;. come her royal highness, Mrs.
Laura -Matthews Burris, the queen, at
tended by her lady of honor, Miss Sue
Rose .. Crook of San Francisco, six more
pages and the I ladies-in-waiting* ■-> As ! a
body guard the queen will have the fifty
two young ladies who are to represent the
NEW TO -DAY.
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
from itching and burning eczemas and other
| akin and scalp tortures. None but parents real.
ize how these little ones suffer. To know that
a warm bath with cuba Soap, and a single
. application of Cuticuba (ointment), the great
skin cure, will in the majority of cases afford
instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point
to a speedy cure, and not to use them without a
moment's delay is to fail in our duty. .''.';•
, _ Sold throuihont the world. Price, Citticuka. ■_.«,
boap. 25c.; R.solvbst. 50c md (1. Pot_«_ D__o
A.-D Cam. Co_p.. Sole Prop... Boston.
OSf" How to Cure.kin Tortured Babies," mailed free.
unsmoss
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
OYIRALLS
:~ AND, ■
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!*
fOR SALE EVERYWHERE*2
cards in the whist game, .each of whom
will be armed with flower-decked bows
and arrows. The whist game will be
played by Messrs. Atwater and Towne of
Petaluma, opposed. by Harris and Hah
man of Santa Rosa.
At the coronation the Queen will wear
a gown of rich white satin, veiled en tulle.
The corsage will be a heart-shaped decol
lete with manteau de la cour a la Henri
IV of white satin, with plisses of tulle,
and will have long sleeves with plisses of
tuile falling to the tips of the royal fingers.
The skirt will be garlanded with pink
roses in front, with a Watteau train.
The lady of honor will be gowned hand
somely in a gold-colored organdie, en
train, and high corsage, The ladies in
waiting will all wear gowns of organdie;
.made alike, Misses Edith Brooks and Caro
line Frear wearing pink, Misses Henrietta
Cautel and Kate Lewis yellow, Misses
Anna McLain and Lena Brush blue, Misses
Lillie Kill and Sadie McMullen cream-col
ored, and the Misses Docy Fairbanks and
Irena Wood gaslight green.
Miss Irma "Wood is a daughter of Ben
S. Wood of this city and a niece of Senator
Seawell of Ukiah and District Attorney
Seawell of Santa Rosa. She is a strikingly
handsome brunette, still in her teens, and
only to-day consented to attend the Queen.
At the floral ball the ten young ladies
in waiting will wear silk gowns of the
same colors as at the cornation, with
short trains and low corsage. The lady of
honor will wear a gold-colored satin, en .
train. ->.;v '■ '!--
The Queen's ball dress is a dream of
loveliness, which would tax the powers of j
a court dressmaker to adequately describe.
Such a bewildering display of gold em
broider**, silk, satin, laces and jewels must
be seen before any definite idea of its sur
passing richness, beauty and good taste
can be appreciated. From the modiste in
charge the following description was ob
tained: The gown itsely is of heavy white
brocaded silk. A court train of brocaded
iris, lined with heavy white satin, is
ornamented on the inside by a
ruche of lisse, the end of the long train be-
ing thrown back ana caught with huge
bows of lisse and white ostrich plumes.
Square-cut corsage of ivory white satin,
draped with pearl and gold-embroidered
lisse, depending from a Stuart collar, and
small sleeves of lisse complete the cos
tume.
At a meeting of the directors last night
G. 0. Richards was appointed a committee
of one to issue to all representatives of the
press cards of admission to the various en
tertainments. President J. C. Sims has
donated the use of his elegant offices for
press headquarters, and visiting news
paper will be royally welcomed. A
case of wine from the Fountain Grove
Vineyard Company, and another from
George F. King, have already been donated
for the newspaper men, and the de Turk
winery will present two or three.
FATE OF FAURE
111 THE BALANCE,
Continued from First Page.
they have built with the other. Baron de
Hirsch's relations with royal personages,
chiefly of the Coburg and Orleans fam
ilies, mark an entirely new departure in
the development of monarchical etiquette.
Princes in all times have had queer deal
ings with financiers, but it was Hirsch
j who started the idea of a rich Jew who in
- return for the privilege of being of one of
a royal party, pain all of the card losses of
his royal friends and never took any winn
ings from them. This has now come to be a
regular institution. It is what old Sassoun
was doing at that famous baccarat party
at Tranby Court, and though the Prince of
Wales takes less pains than the rest to dis
semble these things, almost every other
Prince in Europe has his Sassoun on hand
as much as his valet or barber. They say
in Paris that the Orleans Princes among
them must have gathered in literally mil
lions of francs from the Baron's huge
hoard on this basis, and the whole troop of
Austrian Archdukes, even while they pub
licly professed the bitterest anti-Semitic
prejudices, kept themselves in pocket
money from the same source.
England had a national concern in the
baron's death, since it is understood that
he had enormous landed and other invest
ments here, which, under the new death
duties, would ordinarily yield revenue
enough to build three or four new first
class men-of-war, which is what the Eng
lish are doing just now with all their spare
money, but he was an Austrian subject and
his will is to go to probate in Vienna and
much doubt exists as to what extent and
how the British tax claims on the estate
are to be enforced.
Leon Say was about the last of a genera
tion of French publicists, largely Portest
ants, whose temperaments and ideas were
formed under the strongly pro-English
regime of Louis Philippe and Napoleon
111. These men visited England, read
English books and papers, got most of
their economic political inspiration from
England and for many years they had a
great influence in France, but it began
dwindling as soon as Gambetta died. Since
then they have been more and more back
numbers, till now the London press de
voted far more obituary space to Leon
Say than did the Parisian, and a few other
veterans like him who are left get no hear
ing whatever from the new Gaul of the re
public, which instinctively hates \ free
England, or rather pretends to itself to
hate it, solely to excuse to itself its friend
ship with enslaved Russia.
Dagnan-Bouvert again centers attention
on himself at the Champs d. Mars salon
this year by a picture of "The Last ' Sup
per," which every oody is talking of. In
grouping it follows, apparently with inten
tion, Leonardo da Vinci's arrangement
but the Savior is standing with a large glass
of blood -red wine in his hand, gazing pen
sively at vacancy. Aside from the artistic
merits of the work, which are exalted by
some and denied by others, Paris is inter
ested in identifying the ' portraits of the
Disciples with well-known living people.
Puvis de Chavannes' five big panels for
Boston, if less popular, excite strenuous
praise from the critics, and our own Ban
nat's full-length portrait of Otero receives
place in all quarters among a dozen fore
most pictures. : ' 7,--
The announcement that the Queen has
established a new order of knighthood;
called the Royal Victorian, is received by
the London press with pained silence. - By
intuition many people guess, though no
body says more, it is intended to make
Alfred Austin the premier knight. This
new foundation is the Queen's defiant 'an
swer to his critics.
Henry Arthur Jones' new drama at the
Garrick, "The Rogue's Comedy," is sus
pected :. to be an old work brought with
somewhat crude haste up to date and
fashioned into a one-part play to fit W il
lard. This it does with so much aptness
that it is likely to make -r money for both
actor and author, but it will certainly not
enhance the fame of the latter.*^ The play
is written with much- less than Jones'
usual felicity of ' diction, and is struc
turally improbable : to*, the point of - bur
lesque, though no fun is intended.
Habold Fbedkeic
BAD LUCK THE
RACING JOCKEYS.
Stumbles of Runners That
Seriously Injure the
Riders.
HURT IN THE HURDLE.
Riderless Lord Lonsdale Runs
Over the Course and
Finishes First
McCAFFERTY IS ALSO THROWN
Washington Society Goes to the Track
to Witness Some Interesting
Events.
CHICAGO, 111., April 25.— events
at Forsyth to-day were as a rule all well
contested. Lord Lonsdale stumbled and
threw his jockey in the hurdle race, ran
over the course riderless, and finished
first. Three favorites, one second and
three third choices won. , Attendance
about 4000.
Six furlongs, Glenoid won, Potsdam second,
Willie L third. Time, 1:19.
Five furlongs, Republic won, Helen Wren
second, Extra third. Time, 1:03%.
Six furlongs, Fusileer won, Frunkie D sec
ond, Warren Point third. Time, 1:18.
Six and a half furlongs, May Gallop won,
Nikita second, May Ashley third. Time,
1 _{_%. •;■: ,
. Six furlongs, Red Skin won, Panout second,
Lillian E third. Time, 1:15%.
One and an eighth .miles, over four hurdles,
Miles Standish won," - Cunarder second, Jim
Xorville third. Time, 2:08%.
Five furlongs, Hi Henry won, Floreanna sec
ond, Tramp third. : Time, 1:02.
WASHINGTON, D.-C, April 25.—
Weather good, track in fair condition and
attendance large. Among the prominent
members of Washington society who
graced the occasion were Secretary of the
Navy Herbert, with Miss Herbert and sev
eral other ladies. Hon. Thomas B. Reed
relinquished for the day. the burdens of
the "Speaker's chair and went out to see
the flight of the speeders. In the first
race an unlucky tumble badly hurt Mc-
Cafferty, who was riding Kennel," the
favorite, but he is pronounced out of
danger.
Five furlongs. Will Elliott won, Kinglet sec
ond, The Sage third. Time, 1:04 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Russler
won, Lizzie B second, Aunt Sally third. Time,
:57 2-5.
One mile, Hawarden won, Intermission sec
ond. Pan well third. Time, 1:45.
Six furlongs, Mirage won, Factotum second,
Prig third. Time. 1:16 3-5.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles,
May Blossom walked over the course.
Steeplechase, two miles, May Blossom won,
Pelleas second, lime, 4:35 2-5.
NEWPORT, Ky., April 25.— The Queen
City Jockey Club closed its thirteen-day
meeting to-day and will open again in
August. Willie Ham, the jockey and
owner, was suspended indefinitely for a
bad ride on Gus Straus in the first race.
Attendance 4000. Summaries:
" Six furlongs, St Chevalier won, Clara Foley
second, Gus Straus third. Time, 1:16%.
Four furlongs, Red won. Lady Keith second,
Benzetta third. Time, :49%.
One mile handicap, Muskalonge won, Alamo
second, Frince Imperial third. - Time, 1:42%.
One and an eieiith miles," Probasco won,
Lightfoot second, Elizabeth third, Time, 1 :55.
One mile and twenty yards, Aimee Goodwin
won, Nicholas second, Hippogriff third. Time,
_.:45%.
Six lurlongs, Miss Young won, Tough Timber
second, Cuticle third. Time, 1:15.
MEMPHIS., Ten*,*., April 25.— The first
race of the closing day's card was one of
the most surprising and disgusting flukes
of the whole meeting, Royal Choice, at 75
10 1, beating the favorite, Flying Dutch
man, at 1 to 4 without any show of justifi
cation. Martin had the mount on the
Dutchman, He lead easily all the way,
but was beaten by a length and a half.
One mile, Royal Choice won, Flying Dutch
man second, Lord Willowbrook third. Time,
1-.44J4.
Four and a half furlongs, Moncrelth won,
Scribe second, Stentor third. Time, :56*5£.
One mile and an eighth, Montgomery handi
cap, $2000 guaranteed, Buck Massle won,
Maurice second, Key del Mar tnlrd. Time,
I:ss}_.
One mile, Emm Bey won, Plug second, Lester
third. Time, 1:45"_. .
Six furlongs, Mate won, Old Dominion sec
ond. Swifty third. Time, 1:17%.
Six furlongs. Lady Doleful won, Denver sec
ond, Fred K. third. Time, I:l7J_.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Irwin'. Error Give. Chicago Two Run.
and the Game.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 25.— An error
by Irwin in the sixth inning gave the Chi
cagos two runs and the game. Attend
ance 5000. Score :
Cinclnnatls 0 00110010—3 8 3
Chicagos....... 0 1100 20 I*— s 8 1
• Batteries — Fisher and Vaughn; Parker and
Donahue.. Umpire— Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. April 25.—
six innings to-day the Phillies could do
nothing with Pitcher Payne. In the eighth
inning Payne became wild and 'the Phil
lies developed a batting streak. Attend
ance 14,000. Score:
Brooklyn* 1001000 0 I—3 12 5
Cblladelphlas... -0 00 000 3 6 *— 9 8 0
Batteries— Payne and Grim; Orth, Clements and
Grady. Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 25.— Colonels
were easy marks for the Browns to-day.
Both Hart and Weyhing were liberal with
gifts of first base, and , the locals batted
their runners home. Latham and Niland
were on the bench to-day and the change
worked well. Attendance, 3800. Score:
St JLonls. ...2 14100 00*— 8 7 8
J-ouisvilles. ....... 000100110—3 6 3
Batteries— Hart and McFarland; Weyhing and
Warner. Umpire— Emslie.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 25.— Boyd's
wildness and five well-placed hits won the
game in the first two innings. A long run
and a backward catch by Selbach called
forth prolonged applause from the 4939
spectators. Score:
Baltimores 140 2 20 1 »— lO 11 1
Washln<?tons...... .....0 00 100001— 26 0
Batteries— McMahon and Koblnson; Boyd and
McUuire. Umpires— Eeefa and Henderson.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. April 25.-Cleveland
defeated Pittsburg to-day in a well-played
game, bunching their hits in the fourth
inning. It was the largest crowd ever on
the grounds here, numbering 10,000. . Score :
Pitt5burg............'... 001020000—3 8 0
Clevelands : ..0 0060 00 0 I—6 I 10 2
Batteries— Killen and Sngden; Wilson and O'Con
nor. Umpire— Weldman. : :
NEW YORK; N.Y.;. April 25.-The New
Yorks played a ragged game against Bos
ton to-day and were easily taken into
camp. ; The feature of the game was the
batting and fielding of Hamilton. Weather
cold and cloudy. Attendance 5000. Score-
New ■y0rk5...... ....... 10 02 1 0000-4 '"' « v 7
Bostons. ...v...r.....0 0.0 00- 7 11 _
Batteries-Clarke and Zearfoss; BtlvetU and
Ryan. Umpires-Hurst.
On Franklin Field.
T: PHILADELPHIA Pa April ;_5.-T_e
annual inter-collegiate and ; inter-scholas
tic relay-race carnival : of the university of
Pennsylvania was held this afternoon on
Franklin Field, the athletic grounds of the
university. The - most : important event
was the five-mile relay race between Yale
and j Pennsylvania, which Pennsylvania
won in ? 24:05 4-5, and '■ a : mile » race -of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
same :? character for the 'inter-collegiate
championship of America, which was cap
tured by Harvard. Time, 2:28 3-5.
CORBETT., READY : TO . FIGHT.
But, Fitzsimmons Say. : He Must First
Whip Maher. *
NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.— Articles
of agreement for a finish fight under
Queensberry rules . between Fitzsimmons
and Corbett were signed to-day by Wil
liam A. Brady in behalf ;of Corbett and
Dan A. Stuart of Texas, the third party to
the agreement, who offers a purse of $12,-
I 000 for the fight. '-/'. .
I- Stuart wired Fitzsimmons at Cincinnati
j asking him to have a representative at the
meeting. Martin Julian, Fitzsimmons*
j manager, replied that no offers would be
considered on behalf of Corbett until the
latter had met and defeated either Maher
or Slavin. Bradv was nettled at Julian's
reply, and said he would bet f 10,000 to
$8000 that Corbett would defeat Fitzsim
mons in a finish fight.
He also said he would bet $10,000 even
that Corbett could knock out Fitzsim
mons in ten rounds. Fitzsimmons, it is
said, will leave for England next week.
Brady announced that if this was a fact
Corbett would follow him on the next
boat and force him to fight.
Victoria's First Baseball Game.
VICTORIA, 8.C., April Fifteen
hundred people to-day witnessed the first
professional game of baseball ever played
in British Columbia, and a fine exhibition
of the American National game it was. It
brought together the Seattle and Victoria
league teams, the latter of which scored a
brilliant victory by 2to 1. All the mem
bers of the home team played a practically
errorless game, while sensationally fine
throws and catches aroused the spectators
to the highest pitch of enthusiasm. '.
Clearwater in the Lead.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 25.— The cham
pionship pool match between . Alfred de
Oro and William; H. Clearwater was
stopped to-night at 12 o'clock, the score for
the three nights play then standing: Clear
wate 565, De Oro- 558. The remainder of
the 600 balls will be played Monday.
MALTREATED BY A GANG
_ .
Shocking Experience of Pretty
Little Etta Bancroft, a
California Girl.
Enticed From the Home of Friends
Near Chicago and Kept in a Barn
for Two Days.
CHICAGO, 111., April 25.— A morning
paper says: .Etta, Bancroft, the 13-year
old daughter of J. D. Bancroft^ who disap
peared from . the home of Mrs. J. H. E.
Procunier, at 126 South Oak Park avenue,
Oak Park, last Wednesday afternoon, was
found by the police yesterday afternoon in
a* barn in West Madison street. H.
Michaels, who owns a grocery-store on the
corner of Western avenue and Mission
street, yesterday morning notified the po
lice at the Warren-avenue station that he
had seen a girl answering the description
of Etta Bancroft in company with two col
ored men. Michaels told the police he
saw the trio enter an alley on Western
avenue, between Warren avenue and Mad
ison street.
The girl refused to talk much when first
found, but intimated' that she had been en
ticed away from her home. Later the offi
cer, arrested six men on suspicion of being
implicated in the matter— William Erick
son (colored), alias "Yellow," David Lace,
William H. Lewis, Richard Mullins, Rich
ard Shaffer (colored) and Consta Siska.
The police are lookine for two more men
whom they also suspect of being implicated
in enticing the girl away.
According to the story told by the girl
she met a young man known as "Fatty"
Lavigne while out for a . walk Thursday
afternoon,' and he proposed to take her to a
circus. After the show was over they met
a friend of "Fatty's," known in tlie vicinity
as "Bowman Dairy Dick." The latter took
her to the barn. She was kept there Thurs
day night, where the members of the gang
visited her.
"Bill" Lewis, who is a peddler and occu
pies the Lincoln dairy barn, was among
the first men arrested yesterday, and at
once confessed to the officers that the girl
had been kept in the barn and had been
assaulted by the gang. The people of Oak
Park are intensely excited over the affair,
as Etta Bancroft was one of the best known
and prettiest girls in the town.
J. D. Bancroft, the stepfather of the girl,
will arrive in St. Louis to-day on his way
here from California, where he is a wealthy
mine-owner. He is as yet in ignorance of
the fate of his stepdaughter, but will find
a telegram from Mr. Procunier, telling him
of her disappearance, awaiting him at St.
Louis.
SALVATIONIST CHANGES
Colonel Higgins Arrives From
\- England to Succeed Colonel
Eadie.
Eva Booh to Visit London Before
Assuming Command of the
Canadian Forces.
• NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.-Colonel
Edward Higgins, who is to replace Colonel
Eadie as chief secretary of Commander
$ooth-Tucker, and who will be next in
command of the Salvation Army of the
United States, arrived yesterday on the
Britannic. He carries important com
munications from General Booth - to his
son-in-law and daughter. Colonel Higgins
said: that General Booth had not yet ac
cepted as final the defection of his son Bal
lington. ' The ' colonel denied that he had
brought any communication for Balling
ton Booth.
The colonel will be sworn in under the
American 'flag at the Fourteenth-street
headquarters to-morrow night. At the
same time ' Commissioner Eva Booth will
say her. fare well. 'She will sail for Eng
land next week for final instructions be
fore taking command of the Canadian
forces.
Commander Booth- Tucker made an
other tour last night of the slum posts of
the Salvation Army, and continued his in
vestigation of the seamy side of life in the
metropolis. He addressed meetings in the
Albany-street and Cherry-street . mission
houses. V Between . meetings jhe j looked in
on some of the alleys and rookeries of the
First and Fourth wards.
A big' sigh in front of the Fourteenth
street • headquarters • yesterday ■•' attracted
much attention;.: On one side in big letters
was . the notice: "The devil would rather
you would not look on the \ other side of
this i board." Of 'course (every, .one looked
on the other side and found an announce
ment there of Sunday's programme.
-•-.•• -<■ ■■"•' - _ ■__ -■-.. \
' Mount Emmons, 13,694 feet, is said to be
the highest in Utah.
CONDEMNED, BUT
NOT SUPPRESSED
Duels to Remain in Vogue j
in Emperor William's j
Domain.
MINISTERS MAY RETIRE
Resignations of Prince Hohen
lohe and General Schellen
dorf Are Imminent.
BISMARCK'S POLICY UPHELD.
Germans Must Meet en the Field of
Honor or Ba Ostracised in ;
Social Circles.
BERLIN, Germany, April 25.— futil
ity of the debate on the subject of duel
ing, , which took place in the Reichstag
this week and resulted in the passage of a
resolution condemning the practice, is be
coming generally recognized. The Na
tional Zeitung has given color to the re
ported differences on the question of duel
ing which had arisen between the Em
peror and some of his Ministers by an
nouncing that the resignations of the Im
perial Chancellor, Prince yon Hohenlohe,
and General Bronsart yon Schellendorf,
Minister of War, are imminent, but opin
ion based upon better information credits
the assertion that the chiefs of the Govern
ment are in complete accord on the sub
ject.
The sum of the matter is that the high
est personages in the country refuse to
take decisive measures to check, and
thereby .condone the continuance of the
custom. The Leipziger Neuste Nachrich
ten asserts that the Government could not
make a zealous defense of a practice which
is in direct conflict with the public laws,
nor could it assume the tone voiced by the
extremists of totally condemning the cus
tom of dueling. Still, the article adds,
there might be found some mode of gov
ernmental utterance against the practice
which would be consonant with the cur
rent feeling of the public.
The Frankfurter Zeitung remarks that
as long as custom imposes upon the offi
cers of the German army the obligation to
engage in duels and as long as the Cabinet
order issued in 1874, recognizing dueling
as legitimate, remains unrevoked and the
authorities of the universities do not take
severe measures to the end of putting a
stop to such encounters among the stu
dents, the resolution adopted by the
Reichstag will remain a purely platonic
manifestation.,;,:-
The Bismarckian press, in their reference
to the agitation against dueling, quote
Prince Bismarck's own words, "The best
that is in me is that my whole life has
always been that of a Prussian officer," as
the best proof of the ex-Chancellor's sup
port of the custom.'. They admit that
"courts of honor may limit but will never
consent to the abolishment of the usage.
A worse incident than the Yon Kotze-
Schraeder affair has arisen in the case of
an assessor of a police court.
This official, in the course of his hearing
a charge of assault committed by three
persons upon one, told the three accused
men that they had not acted as gentlemen
should have done. One of the defendants,
who was an officer in the reserves, chal
lenged the assessor, who was also a mili
tary officer. The latter declined to accept
the challenge on the ground that he had
given an expression of his opinion in re
gard to the conduct of the defendants in
the discbarge of his legal duties. The mat
ter was referred to a court of honor com
posed of officers, which insisted that the
assessor should accept the challenge to
fight.
The assessor held his ground and the
court of honor removed his name from the
list of the officers of his regiment because
he adhered to his privileges. \ The assessor
appealed to .the higher authorities, but
they only confirmed the finding of the
court of honor. Commenting upon this
case, the Vossische Zeitung asks: What
can be done with '.. such courts where a
judge presiding at a public tribunal is con
demned to fight a duel because he rightly
reprimanded an "officer who had joined
with two others in committing a brutal
assault upon a single person?
The present position of the dispute be
tween Great Britain and Venezuela has
reawakened great interest in the matter.
The Tageblatt in alluding to the situation
expresses the opinion that English di
plomacy has taken fresh courage through
the weakened attitude of the United States
Government, both upon this and the
Cuban questions. The paper thinks that
President Cleveland ■is losing his former
decisive grip and is now content to allow
the resolutions passed by the American
Senate and House of Representatives to
remain as they are.
The Berlin Neuste Nachrichten in an
article based upon the reported refusal of
the Government at Washington to accept
a standing court of arbitration says: "If
this report is true the movement to secure
a permanent international court has come
to an absolute standstill."
The sentence of three years penal servi
tude, the loss of his civil rights for ; five
years; and the payment ' of a fine of 1200
marks which was imposed upon Baron yon
Hammerstein, formerly the editor-in-chief
of the Kreuz Zeitung, is regarded as severe
by ; his friends, r who j cherished the ( hope
that he would escape the ignominy of the
convict labor and receive a sentence of
simple imprisonment. ;
The case will, now be appealed to the
Supreme Court at Leipsic. •
The eldest son of the Duke of Cumber
land, Prince 'George William, is danger
ously ill, and his life is despaired of. (He
is in his sixteenth year. " '
•-. The tenor Lavin - , of Detroit made his
debut in the Royal Opera House this week
as ' Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor."
He scored a thorough success.
NEGOTIATIONS NOT STOPPED.
But Salisbury May Give Way to Arthur
■" I? Balfour. '''"' ■
LONDON, Eng., April 25.— Though
George N. Curzon, Parliamentary Secre
tary of the Foreign Office, declared 'in ; the
House „of Commons ■; Thursday that the
negotiations, concerning' Venezuela are
still proceeding, it ? is- a fact that a delay
has occurred. The cable dispatches to the
Times alleging that they had been stopped
altogether went too far. (: v The Foreign
, Office denies (that it proposed a cessation
of negotiations, and * attributes the delay
to unavoidable causes, which inquiries in
dicate to be Lord Salisbury's weakening
health combined with a great pressure of
work. >' ** ' : '-y'-
According to the Speaker, the retire
ment of Lord Salisbury , from official life
cannot be long delayed. : It speculates on
who his successor will be, and I makes a
forecast that The Right Hon. Arthur Bal
four, now First Lord of the Treasury and
Lord Salisbury's nephew, will succeed him
in the Premiership and be elevated to the
peerage. - "': r :.T~' 7-7-
ENGLAND^ VERY SLOW ADVANCE.
Evidently in No Hurry to Force the Fighting
With Dervishes in the
Soudan.
LONDON, Eng., April 25.— Lord Cromer,
the British diplomatic agent in Egypt,
has been summoned to London in order
to confer with } Lord Salisbury ; the Mar
quis of Lansdowne, Secretary of State for
War; General Lord Wolseley, commander
in-Chief of the British army; and General
Sir Redvers Buller, who will command tbe
operations in the Soudan.
Until the conferences determine the
exact proportions ; of the military opera
tions in the autumn neither the Foreign
Office nor the War Office will take any
further measures for an advance in the
Soudan. * -
The expedition remains stationary at
Wady-Halfa and Akasheh. No press cor
respondents or other civilians are allowed
to go further south than Sarras. The
health of the troops is excellent, with the
exception of mild enteric disorders. .
The plant for the construction of a rail
way from Abu Fatmeh, 112 miles south
ward to Akasheh, sixty miles from Don
gola, will be sent out from London. There
is certain to be some fighting before this
line is laid. The dervishes at Abu Fat
meh have been reinforced : and are now
estimated to number 8700. Of these only
2800 are armed with rifles. They are com
manded by the chief Emir, Mohammed
Boshira. l-;~
FIVE HUNDRED DERVISHES DIE.
Rout of the Natives by a Part of the
Italian Garrison Stationed
'at Kassala.
SUAKIM, Abyssinia, April 25—Ad
vices have been received here saying that
part of the Italian garrison at Kassala,
conjointly with a detachment of Italians
from Mokran, made an attack upon a force
of 8000 dervishes, whom they defeated and
pursued to Golsa. The Italians killed 500
of the dervishes and lost 100 of their own
men. .' Vv'V'-*- 7-7777- fi}/^*
ATTACKED A BRITISH COLUMN.
Matabele. Retreated After a Heavy Lots
From the Deadly Rapid' Fire Gun..
BULUWAYO, South Africa, April 15.—
A large number of Matabeles attacked a
British column on the outskirts of the
town early this morning, but were re
pulsed with heavy loss. The natives made
a stubborn stand and fought with great
desperation, but finally broke and fled in
great disorder, under a well-directed fire
from the Maxim-Hotchkiss rapid-fire guns
with which the English were equipped.
The Matabeles lost a large number in
killed and wounded, while the British loss
consisted of one killed and several
wounded. V; •:';
CAPE TOWN. South Africa, April 25.
A dispatch from Mafaekin says that
twenty-eight officers, 600 • men. 732 horses,
nine machine guns and an abundance of
food and supplies have started for Bulu
wayo, and expect to reach Mangive May 7.
— — — — ♦ ' •
USED PISTOLS AND SABERS.
Fierce Duel Between Baron Fejrvary
and M. Bernath. . v"
VIENNA, Austria, April 25.— A duel
was fought this morning between Baron
Fejrvary, the Hungarian Minister of Na
tional Defense, and M. Bernath, member
of the Chamber of Deputies. The princi
pals first fought with pistols, with a result
that neither was hit. Then they fouht
with sabers, and Bernath was seriously
wounded in the head.
RESCUED BY HIS WIPE
Rev. George Francis Dillon
, Traced to an Insane
Asylum.
■" ~ :-- ■' " *
Now There Is Sail to B Considerable
Mystery Attache! to the Priest's
Marriage.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 25.—Investiga
tion into the disappearance of George
Francis Dillon, a. well-known Catholic
clergyman,* and Miss Ross Donovan, both
of Braddock, develops the fact that they
were married at Windsor Hotel, Cumber
land, Md., November 15 last by the Rev.
J. C. Nicholson, pastor of the Cumberland
Episcopal Church. At that time the con
tracting couple gave * their residences as
Philadelphia, according to the certificate.
Where the bride and groom now live is
unknown to their nearest friends.
Father Dillon was stationed . for a short
time at I Altoona. Miss Donovan, aged 22,
was cashier for the Western Union Tele
graph Company at Braddock. On Novem
ber 14 both priest and girl disappeared from
Braddock. j Gossip resulted in an investi
gation and Father Dillon was transferred
to a parish in Pittsburg. He continued
daily visits )to Braddock. Coming" home
late at night about the first of this month
Father Dillon found himself locked out.
He forced an entrance and, arousing
Father , Bigham, threatened him with
severe punishment if he was again locked
out. Four days later Dillon was removed
to Versey Hospital and placed in a private
apartment as au insane person.
He was an excessive ' cigarette smoker,
and while confined at the institution made
several futile attempts to escape.
A report of his incarceration reached
Miss Donovan, or rather Mrs; Dillon, and
on April 15, armed wi ( th her marriage cer
tificate, she came to Pittsburg, engaged
Attorney E. B. Scull and ;a detective', en
deavoring to secure Dillon's release. Rev.
Father E. A. Bush of St. Peter's, Alle
gheny, was seen and ordered as vicar gen
eral of the ' diocese 7 to ■ issue "a: mandatory
note that would secure Dillon's release.
The sub-prelate first refused,' but when
threatened with legal action gave in, issu
ing the ; desired order. : This resulted : in
Dillon being released, and: in company
with his wife he repaired to a hotel, where
they remained over night. V Next day she
returned ;to | Braddock, ; and on Saturday
last; she resigned from the service (of the
Western * Union ( Company, since (which 1
time neither she nor her husband has been
seen. Her mother denies the story of the
marriage, and none of the local clergy will
talk of Dillon's ; affairs, save to say that -he
is ill with a nervous disease.
A large part -of Holland is from ten to
thirty feet (below sea level. ... - ~
CRIPPLE CREEK
SWEPT BY FIRE.
■ • -
Four Blocks Licked Up in
* the Heart of the
Town. \
PEOPLE PANIC-STRICKEN
The Flames Spread So Rapidly
That the Firemen Were
Paralyzed.
WILD SCENES AND INCIDENTS.
Buildings Blown Up, Prisoners Turned
Loose— Loss From One to Two
Millions.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., April 25.—
The main portion of the business section
is in ashes to-night. Charred timbers and
crumbling walls now mark the sites of
what were the best business blocks of the
town. One million dollars is considered
by some to be a conservative estimate of
the damage, while others place the loss as
high as two millions. As nearly as can be
estimated at a late hour to-night the in
surance will not exceed f 250,000.
At 1 o'clock this afternoon a fire broke
out in Carey's second-hand store. The
firemen responded quickly and the blaze
was not thought to be serious, but a sud
den change in the wind occurred and the
flames quickly spread to adjoining build
ings. Then it was conceded that half a
dozen buildings on the corner of Meyer
and Third streets would be destroyed, and
the occupants made hasty preparations
for the removal of their goods to places of
safety.'
Every moment added fur* to the flames,
and as they spread rapidly from, house to
house, the people began to realize that an
enormous conflagration was about to take
place. Every vehicle in town was pressed
into service by merchants, anxious to save
the contents of their stores, and great con
fusion existed, during which a number of
casualties occurred from runaway teams.
The merchants were not successful in re
moving their goods, the flames spreading
with such rapidity that not more than one
tenth of their wares were saved.
When the postoffice caught fire, it be
came evident that desperate . measures
should be adopted to stop the spread of
the flames, and, the water supply being
very poor, the firemen decided to resort to
the use of dynamite and a number of
buildings were thus sacrificed before the
fire had reached them. During the prog
ress of the explosions a fireman, whose
name cannot be learned, was probably
fatally injured by having one of his legs
blown off.
Late this evening the fire was finally got
under control, after haying destroyed the
entire district surrounded *by Warren,
Eaton, Third and Fourth streets, compris
ing four blocks.
Among the buildings included in the
burned district are tbe First National Bank,
the Gold Stock Exchange, the Postoffice.
the Topic and Central theatres, the City
Jail, several large rooming-houses and
hotels.
It is reported that all of the mails in the
Postoffice were destroyed.
Great excitement prevailed at the City
Jail, and as the prisoners could not be
cared for elsewhere Marshal Jim Marshall
threw open the doors and released all of
the prisoners.
Telegraph and telephone service was for
a time completely suspended, but both the
Western Union and Postal companies
opened up offices in the outskirts of the
city, and to-night communication is par
tially restored.
Many people lost everything they had.
Those who are not affected have offered
shelter to the homeless, of whom there are
several hundred.
Pearl Bryan'. Murder.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 25.-Judge
©©©©©©©©©©©©©!©©©©©©©©©©©©©
© '. _*S l * / Cr V^-^JCr/VxTIL (sod how to make It) ©
J& Freezers. Lightning or White Mountain 1896 style— 2-quart $1.75, ©
J? 3 -qt $1.90, 4-qt $2.40, 6-qt $3.00, 8-qt $3.75, 10-qt $5.00 ©
@ Our Pure Picnic High-Grade Extracts, 2-oz 10c. 4-oz 20c, 8-oz 35c, (£&
(K. 16- 70c. : S-' -«.:■'■■:'■ 2?
]§-..' The Point Reyes Pure Natural Cream, fresh, pint jars 20c 3£
§f_s Rock Salt, those very large sacks, 140 lbs each (del'd), 60c. ©
© Vanilla Beans, genuine, and best obtainable, 6 for 25c ©
S\ A celebrated Philadelphia recipe goes with each freezer. ■ (ft
® HIL/N ICS (and how to enjoy them). ©
©PICNIC Lemon Sugar, extra fine. 25c; SC S extra good, 15c. i?
v** PICNIC Clams or Lobster in tins, choicest 12>_c ©
@> PICNIC Lunch Tongue, tender, delicate, tins 30c. ©
£*) Deviled Ham, in tins, all sizes and brands, 10c, 20c, 25c ©
X. Gordon & Dilworth's Delicacies, Syrups and Olives. !S
®v* Cheese Delicatesse, pots 35c; Cut Cream at 12*_c lb. ©
fp Crackers in cartoons and tins at Factory Price. ©
@ Barer Napkins— loo colored 15c, white 10c. ©
£fc Best Humboldt Creamery Butter, squares, each 25c JS
_l GAMPINn %
Jg W_TT_ **■"*■* 111 VJ (and what to take .long). c**-
-5£ Telescope Baskets, 20c up; Straps, 15c up. _•_!
§! , Hammocks, a choice assortment, 90c to $1.00. ©
© Tents, Folding Cots. Bedding, etc., at Factory rates. ©
Qfo Hats— Linen, 25c; Straw. 25c to $1.00, or to order. fiS
©Outing Shirts, 50c to $2.00; Men's Suits, $5.00 up to $20.00. Jg
V Ladies' Wrappers to order, $1.25 and $1.50; very excellent. ©
© Ladies' Afternoon Stylish Duck Suits to order, $2.50. ©
© • Alcohol stoves, best, 15c; Rope, 45 ft, 10c; Galvanized Pails, 25c _£|
gh Camp Coffee Pots, Russia iron, 3-qt 30c, 4-qt 40c. 2<
Sr Camp Kettles, Russia iron, 4-qt 45c, 6-qt 60c. ; v v ©9
f_p ■.:. Sheet Iron Stoves,' 10x17 oven, 4 holes, complete, $5.00. ©
£fe And everything good to Eat, quoted in our Price List. £__)
©I — — — We're a little hard to find, — , f_A
© WHY! YES! but *<>-'" be gladyou made YOU CAN TAKE ©
© We do prepay the trip after °" haVC f0U ° d Lots of a«-van- S
a freight o v e"r us down here on Front street, . tage; of us, if 2?
s_? 100 miles— near Washington, you read ©
© free. Like to _. „ _ 4Xft flnd ._,*-. S»"HS' WEEEIY. ©
S know about it? Nos • 414, 416 and 418. Our bulletin of Jg
.^. Your name on a _i.iiii*p||AirACH the rices we ©
© postal/please! 0 M I T UV ' ™_? " reduce just * or ©
© ' ~ ..;,' Oml IHO STORE, Jon^eek Ig ;
§4 WE UNDERSTAND ALL ABOUT SHIPPING. S
©©©©©@©©@©©©©l^©® ©©©©©©©©©©
Bennett, on the witness stand this morn
ing in the Jackson trial, testified that he
was at Locke's farm, where Pearl Bryan's
body was found, the day after the dis
covery. The blood spots on the ground
and bushes were still moist. His testi
mony was taken up with a description of
the scene where the body was found
Besides Judge Bennett, Messrs. Weaver.
.Newell and Boyce testified. The case then
turned toward the Bellevue end of the
story, or Pearl's whereabouts immediately
preceding her death. Druggist Poertmeyer
being recalled. *"
♦
SAND ISLAND EXPULSIONS.
Why the State Troops Were Removed by
• the Regular..
WASHINGTON, ,D. C, April 25.-The
War Department has no information
about the expulsion of State troons
from Sand Island in the Columbia
River. The Oregon authorities re
cently asked the department if any
objection would be made to s»ndine
a detachment of the Oregon militia to the
island, which is the property of the United
States Government, to expel from it the
obnoxious Washington State fishermen
To this the department replied that it
could replace the Oregon Government and
perform tne expulsion, the island not be
ing under State control. A detachment of
regular troops was sent with orders to ex
pel all persons, and it is presumed at the
department that the officer commanding
removed the militia under these instruc
tions. •'', ■•'.;'."•■
ASULARRECOVERy
SHE BELIEVES INTHE HOME REMEDY
Sirs. lie Walters, 823 First Street,
A true and authentic story comes from
the city of Los Angeles which is really
marvelous. It is especially interesting to
those suffering from dyspepsia and an im-
poverished blood, for, while the individual
is now permanently cured, many doctors
are wondering how the cure was effected,
and it is given out tbat the physicians of
Los Angeles are secretly investigating the
"formulce" of what is known as
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Four years ago Mrs, Lee Walters was
| considered one of the handsome women of
| Los Angeles. Up to that time she was in
! perfect health. All of a sudden she de-
: veloped headaches — Her case
i was so painful that many of the best phy-
j sicians were called in, but they could only
j give temporary relief.
About a year ago Mrs. Lee Walters be-
i gan using Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
i She 'has completely recovered her lost
health. All the old symptoms have dis-
! appeared. She writes for the benefit of
i those who may be similarly afflicted :
! THE EDWIN W. JOY CO., 269 Stevenson St.,
| San Francisco, Cal.— G_>*T_____* : From a de«p
| sense ot gratitude I am glad to be able to tell you
tbat lam now a well and hearty woman. All the
old symptoms have disappeared. I have no more
headaches. They are gone.
Yon see, my i headaches were so awful, so ex-
tremely painful, I had to call in many doctors, but
was never relieved until I used Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. It ls such a pleasant medicine.
There Is no nasty taste to It. .
I can eat almost anything and digest well. I
sleep every nls?ht. My stomach does not fill up
and bloat. My digestion Is really perfect. I praise
the Joy's Vegetable SarsaparlUa and will always
recommend it. I stopped using pills as soon as I
began to take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It Is
a splendid laxative. Hoping some person will
read this who Is looking tor relief, I wish you God's
blessing. (Signed), MRS. LEE WALTERS.
823 E. First street, Los Angeles, CaL
i. — —
IinBIAIIIPA FOR BARBERS, BAK-
_'£l_l_^lj&-'3fc<' r3 ' bootblacks, bath-
BlllV Villi bousps, billiard- tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, cannery
dyers, flourmiUs, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers , 609 SacrainentoSfc.SUNDRY CIVIL
BILL IS PASSED
Amendments of the Senate
Increase Appropriations
Considerably.
FIVE MILLIONS ADDED.
This Is Necessary to Carry On
Work on Buildings, River and
Harbor Improvements
SHERMAN'S MOTION BEATEN.
An Attempt to Repeal an Obnoxious
Section of Wilson's Tariff
Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.—
Senate made very brief work of the sundry
civil appropriation bill, having taken only
two days in disposing of it. When it
passed the House it carried appropriations
aggregating $30,000,000. The Senate Ap
propriations Committee reported it back
with an addition of $5,000,000, largely made
up of sums necessary to carry on work on
public buildings, and river and harbor im
provements, and United States Courts for
the whole twelve months instead of six or
nine months, and the Senate itself, beside
carrying out the recommendations of the
committee, added sums amounting to
$2,000,000 more, so that the bill as it passed
to-day appropriates, in round figures, $37,
--000,000. There was little friction in tne
consideration of the bill.
Before it was taken up an * effort was
made by Sherman of Ohio to have action
taken on the House bill relative to dis
tillation of fruit brandy so as to have en
grafted upon it a provision for the repeal
of that section of the tariff bill which
allows a draw back of the tax paid on alco
hol used in tne arts and in medicine.
That section was put in the Wilson bill
while it was pending in the Senate with
the understanding' that it would be thrown
out in conference, but owing to circum
stances the bill that became law was not
the report of a conference committee, and
so the alcohol provision was embodied in
the present tariff act.
Sherman explained that owing to the
action of the Treasury Department the
drawback was not operative, but that
claims running into the millions were be
ing piled up, and it was therefore highly
important that the provisions should be
repealed before the adjournment of Con
gress. He met, however, the combined
opposition of Senators on his own side,
only three of them voting with him to
take up the bill, and those votes were off-
set by the opposing votes of three Popu
lists. All the Democrats but three voted
for Sherman's motion. The result was:
.Ayes 22, noes 27.
A protest of the American Women's
Citizens' League of Massachusetts against
the acceptance of the Pere Marquette
statue wa3 presented by Galhnger (R.) of
New Hampshire. »
Sherman (R.) of Ohio asked unanimous
consent to take up the House bill concern
ing the distilling of brandy from fruits
with the Finance Committee amendment
repealing the section of the tariff law
which provides a rebate of the tax on alco
hol used in the arts and medicine. Peffer
(Pop.) of Kansas objected. Thereupon
Sherman made the formal motion to take
it up. He said that it was of the highest
importance that action on the matter
should be taken at this session.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire said
there was an understanding for some days
that no business calculated to take up
time would be brought before the Senate
until the appropriation bills were disposed
of. Sherman again spoke of the import
ance to the revenues of the repeal of the
alcohol provision, which he reminded the
Senate had got into the tariff act by inad
vertence. He also stated that the rebate
was not allowed by the Treasury, but that
claims were being accumulated, and he
wished to put a stop to those claims by the
repeal of the section which was now inop
erative, 'i-" '
The vote was taken on the motion and
it was defeated — ayes 22, noes 27, as fol
lows: Ayes Allison, Bate, Berry, Black
burn, Brice, Brown, Caffery, Call, Chilton,
Cockerill, Gordon, Gray. Martin, Mills.
Palmer, Pasco, Pugh, Sherman, Teller,
Vest. Walthall, Wolcott— 22. Noes— Allen,
Bacon, Baker, Burrows, Butler, Cannon,
Carter, Chandler, Clark, Cullora, Davis,
Frye, Gallinger, Gear, Hansbrougb, Haw
ley, Lodge, Mantle, Nelson, Peffer, Petti
grew, Piatt, Proctor, Tillman, Turpie,
Warren, Wilson— 27.
Only three Republicans— Teller
and Wolcott — voted with Sherman. The
three Populists who voted— Allen, Butler
and Peffer— voted against the motion. All
the Democrats voted for it, except Bacon,
Tillman and Turpie.
■ The consideration of the sundry civil ap
propriation bill was then proceeded with.
An amendment appropriating $250,000 for
a steam revenue cutter on the Pacific
Coast was offered by Perkins (R.) of Cali
fornia, and agreed to.
The following were also adopted: In
creasing the limit of cost for the public
building at Kansas City from $1,200,000 to
$1,316,000; appropriating $250,000 for an
additional building for the National
Museum, Washington; appropriatings7so,
--000 for the public building at Salt Lake,
Utah; appropriating $50,000 for buildings
at the military post at Bismarck. N. Dak.,
and a like sum for the military post of
Fort Riley, Kans. ; appropriating $150,000
for a revenue cutter forthe Gulf of Mexico.
The committee amendment appropria
ting $12,500 for the purchase aud distribu
tion of 2500 complete sets of the historical
publications of General James D. Mc-
Bride was agreed to.
An amendment offered byHawleyfß.)
of Connecticut directing the discontinu
ance of the printing of postage stamps at
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing was
rejected.
' The bill was then passed. As it came
from the House it appropriated nearly
$30,000,000, and as passed it appropriates
about $37,000,000.
Tbe Peffer bond resolution was then
taken up and went over till Monday as
unfinished business.
Several private pension bills were passed.
An inquiry was made oy Chandler (R.) of
New Hampshire as to the minority report
of the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions in relation to election frauds and
outrages *in . Alabama. The .'delay \ was
stated to have been caused by the sickness
and absence of Morgan (D.) of Alabama.
A statement was made by Allen (Pop.) of
Nebraska that if the forty-four Republi
can Senators would vote for the proposed
inquiry the votes of Populist Senators
would sustain them, and the investigation
would be made.
At 5:10 p. m . the Senate adjourned until
Monday.
PROCEEDINGS IN THE HOUSE.
Grosvenor Makes a Most Peculiar
Iteclaration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.—
second conference report upon the legisla
tive, executive and judicial appropriation
bill was made to the House to-day and
agreed to, another conference being or
dered upon the few remaining matters in
dispute. The principal subject settled
upon by the report made to-day was that
fixing the salaries of the United States
District Attorneys and Marshals.
As agreed upon, the total of salaries of
attorneys carried in the bill as it passed
the House was increased $23,000, and that
of marshals increased $4500. 7)177-
An animated and unexpected incident
was precipitated in connection with this
report. Grosvenor of Ohio inquired re
specting a provision prohibiting the Legis
lature of Oklahoma from considering any
proposition to relocate the capital of the
Territory. Being informed that that had
already been agreed upon by both houses,
Grosvenor declared that "it ought to de
stroy any man a party to it."
This brought Flynn, delegate from Okla
homa, to his feet with the statement tbat
a similar provision bad been contained in
every instance, in obedience to the almost
universal demand of the people for pro
tection against a repetition of scandalous
scenes enacted in the first meeting of the
Legislature. The. .gentleman from Ohio,
he assumed, must be rankling under the
recollection of other matters, or he would
not have made that onslaught.
Grosvenor repelled the suggestion, say
ing he did not know what the enormously
distinguished gentleman from Oklahoma
meant by these words. He had but done
his duty, and the Bombastes Furioso per
formance made no impression upon him.
The general pension bill was further dis
cussed for a couple of hours by Grosvenor
and Kerr (Republicans) of Ohio in support
of it and by Bartlett (D.) of New York and
Miles (D.) of Maryland in opposition,
when, at 2:20 o'clock, under a previous
order, public business was suspended and
the House listened to the eulogies upon
the late Representative W. H. Crane of
Texas. Upon the cenciusion of them, at
4:10 o'clock, as a further mark of respect,
the House took a recess until 8 o'clock, the
evening session to be devoted to the dis
cussion of the general pension bill.
Bingham (R.) of Pennsylvania submit
ted tne report of the conferees on the leg
islative, executive and judicial appropria-
tion bill. It made the following settle
ment of disputed points: Salary of As
sistant Comptroller of the Treasury, $4000;
a board of ten examiners of surveys at
$2000 each, to be appointed in the General
Land Office.
The appropriation of $44,000 for a clas
sification division of the Patent Office is
stricken out.
The increase of $66,500 made by the
[ Senate over the House provision for sala
ries of district attorneys was reduced to
[ $2-3,000, and the increase of $71,500 in mar
shals' salaries was reduced to $4500.
Several subjects were still in disagree
ment, including provisions for Senators'
personal clerks; . and as to these, a further
conference was asked. The report was
agreed to and the additional conference
ordered. - ... , ..-._.;. . 777.}77- : 7n
A bit of Presidential politics was unex
pectedly injected into the discussion by an
apparently innocent inquiry by Grosvenor
(R.) of Ohio. He wanted to know if there
was anything in the bill relating to the
capital of Oklahoma intended to prevent
the people of that Territory from express
ing an opinion as to its location.
1 Bingham replied that a provision for
j bidding the legislators to entertain a prop
osition to change the location of the capi
j tal had been agreed upon at the first con
ference and was not now before the House.
Grosvenor —It is a proposition that
ought to destroy any man who was a party
to it.
Flynn (R.) of Ohlahoma said that prob
ably he was responsible as much as any
one for the insertion of the provision in
the bill. "If the gentleman from Ohio,"
he continued, "was not rankling under
other matters he would not have made
this onslaught. That provision, or a sim
ilar one, has been in every bill since the
establishment of Oklahoma Territory."
Grosvenor responded; to Flynn, saying
he was not "rankling" under things, and
did not know what "the enormously dis
tinguished gentleman from Oklahoma
meant by these words." He had spoken
because he happened to be the recipient of
several letters from prominent residents
of the Territory, protesting against the
provision referred to — of which he
read— and he had done what he conceived
to be his duty.
Flynn replied that he was induced to
speak at all only by the statement which
Grosvenor had made that the provision
should aestroy any man connected with
it. "I am willing to be destroyed by my
people, but I am not willing to be destroyed
by the gentleman from Ohio."
The house then went into committee of
the whole for further consideration of the
general pension bill. It was opposed by
Bartlett (D.) of New York in detail and in
toto. rmm
Grosvenor criticized the provisions of the
bill by which Confederate soldiers who
later also served in the Union army may
be pensioned. He said the only way to
get , the question of pensions out of t-.e
heat of partisan debate was to adopt either
the service pension system outright or the
per diem pension system. He would sup
port the bill, however, for the good things
there were in it.
The bill was advocated by Kerr (R.) of
Ohio and antagonized by Miles (D.) of
Maryland.
The hour of 2:30 having arrived, under a
special order, the House suspended public
business and listened to eulogies on the
late Representative W. H. Cram of the
Eleventh District of Texas.
At 4:30 o'clock the House, on motion of
Pendleton, adopted the usual resolutions,
and as a further mark of respect took a re
cess until 8 o'clock. -
A dozen members gathered in the cham
ber for the evening session* and heard
Hardy (R.) of Indiana, Gibson (R.) of Ten
nessee, Wheeler (D.) of Alabama. Curtis
(R.) of Kansas and Mahany (R.) of New
York made general speeches on the matter
of pensions..  '
: T At 10:05 o'clock, no one else desiring to
talk, on motion of Pickler (R.) of South
Dakota, the House adjourned until Mon
day. '.[ _______________________
'Against Joint Traffic.
NEW ; YORK, N. V., April 25.-The
argument before Judge Wheeler in the
United States Circuit Court in the matter
of the application of the United States
District - Attorney to -enjoin the members
of the Joint Traffic Association of the rail
road companies ; ; from j continuing their
agreement /was , concluded to-day. It is
probable the, court will.render its decision
before the summer vacation. ■"•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
GOVERNOR ALTGELD
SCORES CARLISLE
An Open Letter in Reply to
the Secretary's Speech
on Money.
DODGED THE QUESTIONS
The Exponent of Cleveland's
Policy Did Not Stand by
His Assertions.
PECULIAR CHANGE OF VIEWS.
Since 1878 the Financial Orator Has
Gone Back on His Ideas
About Silver.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 25.—Gov
ernor Altgeld . has written an open letter
in reply to the speech on the money ques
tion, recently delivered at Chicago by Sec
retary Carlisle. He begins by quoting
from Mr. Carlisle's statement in 1878, in
which the latter declared that the demone
tization of silver, which he characterized
as a conspiracy, "would ultimately entail
more misery upon the human race than
all the wars, pestilence and famine that
ever occurred." ■ >•-;>■■ ;'•;
Commenting upon this, Governor Alt
geld says: v'r-V i-i^:;^
A teacher should De willing to answer ques
tions. At the close of Mr. Carlisle's speech a
number of gentlemen arose and asked for
further information, but ho turned his back
and slipped off the stage, and by direction of
his managers the questioners were hustled out
by policemen. He could have made himself
very interesting on a number of points which
he persistently ignored. In 1878, when dis
cussing the money question in Congress, he
expressed his convictions in the following
language:
I shall not enter into an examination of the
causes which have combined to depreciate the
relative value of silver and to appreciate the
value of gold since 1873, but I am one of those
who believe that they are transient and tem
porary in their nature and that when they
have passed away or have been removed by
the separate or united action of the nations
most deeply interested in the subject the old
ratio of actual and relative value will be re
established on a firmer foundation than ever.
I know that the world's stock of precious met
als is none too large and I see no reason to ap
prehend that it will ever become so. Mankind
will be fortunate indeed if the annual pro
duction of gold and silver shall keep pace
with the annual increase of population, com
merce and Industry. According to my view ol
this subject the conspiracy which seems
to have been formed here ana in Europe to de
stroy by legislation and otherwise from three
sevenths to one-half of the metallic mines of
the world is the most gigantic scheme of this
or any other age. 'The consummation of such
a scheme would ultimately entail more misery
upon the human race than all the wars, pesti
lence and famine that ever occurred in the
history of the world. The absolute and in
stantaneous destruction of half the movable
property of the world, including horses, ships,
railroads and all other appliances for carrying
on commerce, while it would be felt more sen
sibly at the moment, would not produce any
thing like the prolonged distress and disor
ganization of society that must inevitably re
sult from the permanent annihilation of one
half of the metallic money of the world.
February 21, 1878. John G. Carlisle.
It will be seen that this language is clear and
emphatic and has none of the sophistry and
pettifogging about it that are found in his
Chicago speech. His awful predictions made
in 1878 came to pass. He not only saw his
own prophecy fulfilled, but he saw the misery
of his country become even greater than he
had predicted. Finding that his views had
been correct he continued to hold them until
he entered Mr. Cleveland's Cabinet, when, in
some mysterious manner, there was a change
of heart, but for some reason he seems unwill
ing to talk about it. There are two other
members of the Cabinet— Smith of
Georgia and Herbert of Alabama— who, like
Carlisle, had made their voices heard for
nearly a lifetime in demanding the restora
tion of silver and denouncing the great con
spiracy that struck it down; and, strange to
say, when these two men entered Cleveland's
Cabinet they underwent a change of heart,
and, like Carlisle, thay avoided talking about
it. When Saul of Tarsus saw a great light and
changed his views he was anxious to tell the
world about it; but these three statesmen
seem to be ashamed to discuss the manner of
their conversion. Why did not Carlisle throw
a little light on this question?
Second— of these men now denounce those
people who are opposed to the single gold
standard as being scoundrels and lunatics.
Yet they are only following the doctrines
which Carlisle and company preached. Are
we then to infer that Carlisle and his two Cab
inet associates were scoundrels and lunatics
until they got to be old men, and that the tin
sel of a Cabinet position not only made them
honest but gave them brains? If not, then
how are ■we to know which end of' their
career was honest, intelligent and patriotic?
For in the absence of any legislation some of
us might think that they were honest and pa
triotic when in the. vigor of their manhood
they were standing by v wronged peotJe, and
that it is the latter end of their ca.-eer that is
destitute of honesty, intelligence or patriot
ism. Carlisle should have told us.
Third— Mr. Carlisle should have explained
why it was that for 200, years gold and silver
held the market ratio of about 15*_ to 1. The
ratio fixed Dy laws, 15 to 1 in some countries,
15J_tolin most countries, and for a while
16 to lin our country— in other words, the
market ratio as shown by the tables remained
practically the same as the statutory ratio
during all that time. . If the two metals can
not stand together how does it happen that
they did so without serious fluctuation for 200
years, notwithstanding the fact that the an
nual production of each metal varied greatly
from time to time?
Fourth— lf only one of the metals can be a
standard and a measure of the value of things,
and if a combined standard of both gold and
silver is as impossible as it is to have two yard
sticks of different lengths, why was it that
some of the greatest financiers of the world,
and particularly Baron : Rothschild, stated in
1869 that it was the sum of the two metals
taken together which formed the measure' on
the value of things? *No matter which metal
might for a time predominate, nevertheless
the sum of the two taken together was the
measure of the value of all property. If; the
same countries had stricken down gold by law
and destroyed It for monetary uses and made
silver the sole standard, would riot silver J have
gone up and the purchasing power of gold gone
down ? -,
Fifth— Mr. Carlisle should ; have explained
why it was that In every country, where silver
was stricken down, it was done by the arbi
trary act of Government, and that neither com-
merce nor business had anything to do with it.
- Sixth— lt is a fundamental law, recognized
by all gold financiers except j recent converts,
that when the volume of money in the world
is reduced the selling price of all property and
commodities ' goes . down correspondingly.
Therefore, the wiping out by law of nearly half
the money of the world had to reduce the sell
ing \ price 'of ■'.' commodities 'proportionately.
And Inasmuch as the debts were not reduced,
as Interest was not reduced and as (taxes were
not reduced, does not ) Mr. Carlisle think even
now, just as he did in 1878, that a groat crime
was committed against the entire debtor class
and against the producing class by bringing
about a condition of nffalrs by law which com
pelled the debtor, the producer and the laborer
to sell twice as much property or labor as were
formerly necessary to get the same amount of
money? . '
Seventh— lf prices are so reduced ' that it
takes everything the debtor can get together to
pay his fixed charges and everything the j la
borer can get together to buy a little coarse
clothing and plain food for his family, can
either the debtor or. the laborer : spend much
money buying other articles, and if he cannot,
then must that not result in the destruction of
what we once called our great home market?
If this is destroyed so that our great factories
and industries are unable to dispose of their
productions, must they not shut down and
throw labor out of employment? Is not that
exactly what has happened in this country?
- Eighth— As the laborer prospers most when
there is a* large demand for the articles he
creates, does it not necessarily follow that
until there is a rise in prices, so that the debtor
class and j the producing class can again do
large miscellaneous buying, there is no hope
for the laborer? > _? v.- •.*'?•
Ninth— there cannot be a general rise in
prices without an increase in the volume of
money, must not the present paralysis and
stagnation continue in the world until the
volume of money is again restored to what it
was before it was stricken down?
Tenth— There are in the United States over
9000 banks, National, State and private. The
Comptroller of the Currency, one of Mr. Car
lisle's assistants, received reports from these
banks showing the total amount of money of
every kind that each bank had on July 11,
1895. From this report it appears that there
were In round numbers only $127,000,000 of
gold in all of the banks of the United States.
This was all of the available gold in this
country. There was about $100,000,000 in the
treasury at that time, but this is not available.
Mr. Carlisle did not refer to these figures,
which arc known to be accurate. But instead
he 1 cited the figures given out by the
Director of the Mint, also one of his
assistants, in which it is claimed that there
are about $600,000,000 of gold in this coun
try. Mr. Carlisle must know that these fig
ures are incorrect, and that the tables given
out by the Director of the Mint on this point
are worthless, because it appears from his re
port for 1892 that he assumes that every dol
lar is put in circulation, except whero a record
was made of its exportation, and that he has
made no allowance for the money that was
carried over the northern boundary and our
southern boundary for twenty-four years, nor
for the money carried back by Chinese during
that time, nor for gold coin used in the arts
andnot reported during that time, nor for all
that was lost, nor for all that was carried
across the ocean in the pockets of our people
during all these years. Yet the director says
in his reports of 1891 that during the Paris
Exposition the total sum spent by our people
abroad in one year was $90,000,000. Why
does Mr. Carlisle use figures that he knows are
Incorrect and are manifestly given out only
for the purpose of misleading the American
people on the question as to the amount of
money they have in circulation ?
Eleventh— A year ago Mr. Cleveland sent for
his former law partner and close friend, and
through him Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Carlisle
together made a secret contract with another
friend, who was a former client of Cleveland
by which that friend ana his associate specu
lators were enabled to make nine or ten mil
lions out of the Government in a few weeks on
a small bond transaction. And the reason
given for this extraordinary and even crimi
nal procedure was that the speculators and
sharks of Wall street had agreed to protect the
Government against the gold raids until the
following November. That is, the wealthiest,
the most enterprising, most powerful, most
industrious and thrifty nation on the
globe paid tribute to a small band of specula
tors for protection. And when the month of
November arrived these speculators withdrew
their protection, and then the Government
proceeded to issue another $100,000,000 of
bonds . thus increasing the burdens of our peo
ple. Now.Mr. Carlisle might have expatiated on
this and pointed out to the American people
the lofty character of the statesmen involved
In these transactions; for, strange to 'say,
many of our intelligent people are utterly un
able to comprehend it. while Carlisle does
not seem to have been much of a success in the
capacity of bunko-steerer among the laboring
men of Chicago, there are many points upon
which he could be very interesting, and I
would suggest that they bring him back and
let him talk about matters in which he is at
home.
MUSCULAR EDITOR CARMACK.
Backs Up His Silver Argument With a
Blow. :'-■
MEMPHIS, Ten**., April 25.— The silver
Democrats held a rally to-night prepara
tory to the primary election next Tuesday
to choose delegates to the County Conven
tion which will select delegates to the
Congressional and other coming conven
tions. 777*777:
One of the chief speakers was E. W.
Carmack, editor of the Commercial Ap
peal, the recognized champion of silver's
cause in the South.
In the course of his remarks, Carmack
dwelt at some length upon the fact that
the gamblers and other law violators of
the community w*-re solidly arrayed
against the silver Democrats. The sig
nificance of this lies in the fact that the
son of Congressman Patterson is District
Attorney, with full power to suppress tbe
element, as provided by law.
Patterson made his way to the stand at
the close of Mr. Carmack's address, and,
after he had obtained a hearing upon the
request of Mr. Carmack, stated that if the
gentleman who had just spoken intended
to connect him with the attitude of the
law-breaking element he desired to pro
nounce the statements as infamously false.
Hardly were the words out of his mouth
before Mr. Carmack sprang upon and al
most knocked Patterson down with a ter
rific right- hand blow. Rallying, the latter
clinched his adversary and bystanders
separated them. Trouble was imminent
between the followers of these two men,
but the police restored order.
HEW TO-DAT.
Immense Line
Best Tapestry Brussels
Sewed, Laid and Lined,
75c per yard.
Largest and Best Selected
Stock on' the Coast.
Bigelow Body
•■•■ ■ *'..■■ -•*•..■•
Brussels
Made by the Bigelow
Carpet Company,
oldest and most
reliable factory
in this or any other
country.
Regular price $1 35
per yard.
50 patterns.
10,000 yards to close
at $1 12_ per yard,
sewed, laid
and lined.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO., V
Carpets, Upholstery, Furniture,
641-647 Market Street,
San Francisco.
* .-.- u _. *^W^TO-^T-— CLOTHING. :
ci/iii OAe Sueaj St?
g|g|J|3JgJ Tfota case surrounded by mystery—
E3 £_3 U WS££ SX€
C3''-'C3 Ghat your tailor made it (nit), that you paid him a fashionable
Co) CZ) price for it (nit). Ghat she admires it. Or will you tell her
Uq/ Vooc that you bouyht it at Raphael's, and that you have money left to
)oo< >oo< ''"'' throw to the birds, and some for a new Spring costume for her
)oo« ) oc ant * bonnets, etc., and a Summer vacation in the mountains or
Z OO l) seashore ? tfnd you haviny the satisfaction of beiny a fashion-
00^ z oo^ ably dressed man.
_^"^:_MragnninMwE! _8^ *^™^**H W TUk -_ ' _P^ > °*^T
*^___^~' '"-'' _$_Bf ___S_9_£sf _Bfc-M__-- "__^____- m _3___.\ ~^7/&/lrY'/jik*mm 'Be fKK-7^'--' -"'" ■■RJ2T~ —
-< —^; 'j: 'Jrajfl.ffia r^pLy^* "';!.'/ J. *i^^B& •'"i .' r ___'-"= "__ZTy \^^^^^^ \7r^^./7s^i "_fi_M^^\\ I t ,C>"y-f-\^/'f^*_^^^K''^ .^Bl^'C'
uAree Star Specials £ 9 Coming Week.
Jive.
1 1 I
' Wk I
I f I;
'What little money will do:
St takes just #5 to dress you
iyht up in the heiyht of fashion.
Of course this is a special occa-
sion not occurriny \ every day.
J? real fashionable Double -
'Breasted ffilue or Silack Chev-
'ot Suit, same in breasted
racks, cleverly tailored yoods,
xnd a very siyhtly, dressy suit at
'hat, just as you see it pictured
xbove, at
** ** ** $ «_/ . (J (J *> <* *
ScapAael's
(incorporated), .'*.
Uhe Jrisco tffioys*
Seven.
1
P 1 /^_.
__•_$ Iff
Ghere are times when a little
m oney yoes a yreat ways. Ghe
season's been a little backward
-—too much rain/ we're yoiny
to rush the season, rush it by
usiny price as the lever.
Some remarkably swell Suits
in those 32lue and fftack Serye
Cheviots, awfully stylish yoods,
in sinyle and double breasted
sacks, also in that yood-for-all-
occasion yarment, the cutaway.
Some briyht thinys in Scotches
as w oil. .
Ghe picture above shows one
of [the yarments.
**-$/, 00***
J>or the suit. Jsn awfully larye
pick too at that price.
Raphael's
77^77: [; 7- * ■*' ; \
(incorporated),
Gwo Entire ffiuildinys.
9, If, 13,7 15 Jfearny - : Street.
Uen.
\ 1 'Hi \
/ ' i
V I
ty
Score's where we hit the tai-
lors the hardest :
Ghose fine Cnylish Clay Wors-
tods in black, made in the cuta-
way fashion, just alive with swell
tailoriny. On black yoods tailors
can cover a hiyh price without
your noticiny it. 'We tear off
tho mask.
Ghese clever Clay Worsteds at
— SW. 00***
**_<_$___ ± JJ
y?apAael J s
Qsgr Qf %,%>&£ if & «,&<__> £ %J
(incorporated),
Ghat ftiy Store With the Giny
{Prices.
34
QUEEN OF THE
BATTLE-SHIPS
Splendid Performance of the
Massachusetts on a
Trial Trip.
FASTEST OF HER CLASS.
Wins Glory for Herself and a
. -Handsome Premium for
. . Her Builders.
A BUN FULL OF EXCITEMENT.
With Her Sister Ship, the Indiana,
the World Is Challenged to Pro.
duce Their Equals.
BOSTON, Mass., April 25.— 1n her offi
cial trial trip the battle-ship Massachusetts
covered the sixty-two knots of the official
Government course in 3 hours 50 minutes
and 23 seconds, making the magnificent
average spe_d for the four hours of 1G.14
knots— a speed which places her in the
front of ships of her class of all the navies
of the world. The average speed of the
Massachusetts was over half a knot
greater than that of her sister ship, the
Indiana, which made 15.61 knots on her of
ficial trial trip. , ~ _
The contract of the Cramps with the
Government called for a bonus of $25,000
for every quarter knot made by the ship
above fifteen, and by her great perform
ance to-day the battle-ship earned for her
builders a premium of $100,000. The man
ner in which the machinery worked was
as satisfactory as tbe speed developed.
With their usual good luck the Cramps
had a day set for the trial on which the
weather conditions and the sea were per
fect.
■ The Massachusetts got under weigh just
before 7 o'clock. The course was from
Cape Ann to Boon Island, off the Maine
coast. The distance is thirty-one knots
and was marked off in equal periods by six
can buoys. At each buoy was stationed a
Government vessel,
The ship passed the first buoy where the
Dallas was anchored at 9:51:48, and with
scarcely a vibration of her decks steamed
up the course. The other stakeboats were
passed in the following order: No. 2,
10:16:35; No. 3,10:39:09; No. 4, 11:02 -11J_;
No. 5, 11:26:15; No. 6, 11:47:47.
The average speed of the up run was
16.04 knots. The little advantage she may
have gained from the tide was counterbal
anced by the wind, which was dead ahead.
On the run from Cape Ann to Boon
Island the Indiana averaged but 15.24
knots, and her maximum speed was 15.54.
The Massachusetts passed the Fern at
the upper end of the course on the return
to Cape Ann at 12:03:14.
The run back was full of excitement, as
it showed for certain that the Massachu
setts would exceed her contract speed by
fully a knot. The engines were watched
with the closest attention and streams of
water and oil were poured over bearings
and journals. i\7 : '-S7}
Twenty minutes before the finish line
was crossed word was sent to the engine
room to drive the ship for all she was
worth, and when the finish line was
crossed, at 1:57:35J_, the Massachusetts
emitted one long triumphant bellow from
her whistle and cheer after cheer went up
from her decks. . •» • >. 7
On the run back she averaged 16.26
knots, which brought up her average speed
for the distance to 16.15. The time in
passing the stakeboats on the return was
as follows: The Fern, 12:03:14; the Wood
bury, 12:34:59; the Iwana, 12:48:14; the
Katahdin, 1:35:23, " and the Dallas,
1:57:3514... 7^7. -^^-77 [7':7<7[:\:
The total time consumed for the up and
down runs was 3 hours 50 minutes and 23
seconds. \ The speed between the stake
boats to Cape Ann was as follows: 16.6,
15.3, 15.8, 16.4. 16.9— an average of 16.26
knots. The average run of the Indiana on
this course was 15.99; on her maximum
speed, 16.30. -
The steam pressure varied from 150 to
165 pounds. The horsepower developed
can hardly be given, but it was undoubt
edly over 10,000.
Edwin S. Cramp, in speaking of the re
sults, said :
" The trial to-day makes the Massachu
setts, and consequently the Indiana, class
absolutely unrivaled among the ironclads
of the world. It was already conceded
that her offensive qualities were superior
to all others, and it only needed this trial
to prove that she can carry the powers into
action at a speed greater than that of any
of her rivals. '7-7 77
"The average speed "of 16.15 knots prac
tically for five hours shows beyond ques
tion the ability of sustaining a great speed
for long periods. In every respect the
engine performance was without equal.
There was not a droy of water nor a leak
ing joint or tube. or started rivet any
where."
Commodore Dewey's Report.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.—Secre
tary Herbert to-day received the following
dispatch from Commodore Dewey, presi
dent of the naval board which was on
the battleship Massachuetts to-day during
her trial trip:
Speed trial to-day. Fine weather; sea
■smooth. Speed over ground, 16.14 knots.
Tidal corrections not yet applied.
RESTRAINING BARRIER.
Congressman Johnson Objects to
the Wording of the Ap- ' ■
propriation Clause.
Assemblyman Thomas Thinks the In
terests of M ners Have Been
Well Provided For.
WASHINGTON, D, C, April 25.-The
California delegation held a meeting to
day in the committee-room of Representa
tive Luid. .The principal thing discussed
was concerning the erection of restraining
barriers to protect the Sacramento and
Feather rivers. ■... ><-.v^-
Representatire Johnson, for some rea
son unknown to the other members of the
delegation, was opposed to the wording "of
the paragraph in the river and harbor bill
making an appropriation of $250,000 for
the restraining barrier.
He sought to have eliminated from the
paragraph reference to executive document
No. 16 (House of Representatives, Fifty
third Congress), which had been added to
the item in the Committee on Co mmerce
of the Ssnate. His statement to the dele
gation was to the effect that private par
ties owned the waters of the Yuba River
at the point designated in that report.
Assemblyman Thomas of California, who
has been here for the past three months,
quietly but effectively working in the in
terest of the appropriation, when seen to
night declined to discuss the matter, stat
ing as his reason that the interests of min
ers were well provided for in the appro
priation and he was perfectly satisfied with
the wording of the item as it passed the
House. , 77 ■■■
He has been reliably informed that the
recommendations of the Debris Commis
sion, as originally designated, must be the
basis of operations.
it seems that the delegation and the
friends of this project had anticipated the
antagonism of Mr. Johnson in reference to
this particular language of the Debris
Commission, and had so ordered the item
in the House that the Secretary of War
would necessarily refer to the exact rec
ommendation which Mr. Johnson sought
to entirely eliminate. ;
No appropriation is made by Congress
except on express and explicit recom
mendation of Government engineers. De
Guerre Point, being the only place se
lected as the location for the construction
of a barrier (by the California Debris Com
mission), will necessarily be the site for
such barrier.
This will be welcome news to the miners
of Nevada County. Not only did Mr.
Johnson object to the wording of this part
of the paragraph, but he earnestly en
deavored to have all reference to section 25
of the Caminetti act stricken out.
This motion was overruled by the dele
gation, they preferring to let the wording
remain as it passed the House, this lan
guage having been acceptable to all after
reference to sections 22 and 23 of the
Caminetti act had been stricken out, as
agreed to by the Anti-Debris Association
and by Senator Ford.
APPROVEIi BX CLEVELAND.
Acts of Congress That Became a Law
With the Executive Signature.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.-The
President has approved the joint resolu
tion amending the fortifications appropia
tion bill for 1894; also a bill in regard to
the Choctaw Coal and Railway Company ;
a bill to settle the claims of S. W. Marston,
late United States Indian agent; an act to
grant lands to the city of Colorado Springs,
Colo. ; and an act providing for
& r naval training station on the island of
Yerba Buena or Goat Island, in the har
bor of San Francisco, Cd. He has also
approved a number of pension bills. The
act granting a pension to Sophia J. Hamil
ton, widow of Major-General Charles J.
Hamilton, United States Volunteers, and
the act granting an increase of pension to
'. Horace Townsend, have become laws
without the President's signature.
Missionary Knapp Surrendered.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April Secre
tary Olney has received a cablegram from
Mr. Riddle, United States Charge d'Af
faires at Constantinople, saying that Rev.
Mr. Knapp, the American missionary held
by the Turks for alleged complicity in
Armenian plots at Bitlis, was this morn
ing delivered by the Turkish authorities
to the American consular agent at Alexan
dretta.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.—
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $125,517,000. The
withdrawals for the day were $44,600.
READY TO BOOM BLAND
Free Silver Democrats of Mis
souri Have a Plan to
Capture Kentucky.
\ ■ i --i . i
Efforts to Be Made to Defeat Go
bugs of the Cleveland Ad
•• " ministration.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 25.— free
silver Democrats of Missouri have set in
motion a plan to capture the Kentucky
delegation to the Chicago convention for
Bland. A conference to this end was held i
here to-day by leading free silver Demo- !
crats, including nearly all the Missouri !
delegates to Chicago. Governor Stone was
made chairman. Letters were read from
prominent Kentuckians and others. Hon.
H. H. Crittenden, son of the Consul-
General to Mexico, read a letter from his
father which stated that if Bland was
nominated the writer would be found in
the front rank of the fighters with his coat
off.
All the speakers thought Kentucky
could be secured for Bland and that the
effect of the defeat of the administration
goldbugs in Carlisle's own State would
secure Bland's nomination. It was re
solved to draw upon township clubs for a
lobby delegation of 10,000 marching Mis
sourians.
An executive session followed. Treas
urer Stevens opened the question .of re
vising the two-thirds rule in the National
Convention. It was decided that if a sil
ver majority was apparent the rule should
be changed to get a nomination by a ma
jority and thus make easy going for Bland.
A committee consisting of Governor Stone
and five associates was appointed to push
the Bland boom in every quarter. Gov
ernor Stone has accepted several invita
tions to speak in Kentucky, his native
State. ;.:-■«! ■..-■•
BOISE'S MEN ACTIVE.
Silver Democrat. Assert Their Rights in
lowa.
WATERLOO, lowa, April 25. — The
County Convention of the Blackhawk
County Demooracy split this afternoon on
the money question and the result is that
two delegations were named to the State
Convention — one headed by ex-Governor
Boies and instructed for free silver and
one of gold men. At the start the gold
men got the best of the silver element and
the silver men withdrew to a corner and
started a rival convention;
Each organization tried to howl down
the other. The gold men sent for the
sound-money Sheriff to put the silver men
out, and the silver men sent for the white
metal chief -of police to eject the gold
people. The gold committee on creden
tials seated fifty of the ninety delegates
for gold; the silver committee declared
that there were sixty silver delegates en
titled to seats who were for silver. Each
i body held its own- convention- and : chose
l delegates to the State Convention. Th.
gold men adopted the following:
Resolved, That we applaud the administra
tion of Cleveland and the maintenance of high
character and backbone in dealing with
foreign nations, and particularly in the main
tenance of the Nation's credit at home, against
the will of those who would in any wav as
sail it.
Resolved, That we favor the present gold
Standard unalterably, and oppose free coinage
of silver.
The silver men resolved thus:
That the delegates at this, the regular Demo
cratic convention for Blackhawk County.be
instructed to vote for Horace Boies for delegate
at-large to the National Convention.
The convention then adopted a long
resolution in favor of bimetallism and the
Ire!* coinage of silver and Boies for dele
gate-at-large, ending with instruction to
the chairman to prepare a statement or
the contest to be taken before the State
Committee atjthe convention at Dubuque.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
LOS ANGELES'
GAYEST BIGHT
Queen Mildred Gives Way
to the Carnival
King.
MASKERS IN A REVEL.
The Fanfare of Trumpets Heard
Far Into the Sabbath .
Morn.
CLOSING SCENES OF THE FETE.
Floral Pageant and Batt'e of Flowers
the Last of La Reina's
Triumphs.
LO3 ANGELES, Cal., April 25.— 8i1l
Nye once said that Dr. Mary Walker was
a "self-made man." On similar grounds
it might be claimed that a great many
men and boys here to-night are self-made
women, but what comical and hideous
"makes*" they are. It seems to be the
rage more than ever for the males here
abouts to make up as women on masking
occasions.
At 9:30 last night Queen Mildred of La
Fiesta abdicated in favor of King Carni
val, who now holds undisputed sway. He
is a King whose strange pleasure it is to
distort and disguise humanity so that a
mother would not recognize her offspring.
In this manner decorum and propriety
are set at naught and the individual goes
forth so completely disguised that per
sonal responsibility is at an end and the
reckless reveler seeks out his fellows to
frighten, annoy or jest with them. He
taxes his wits at every turn in order to
spring some new surprise or execute some
new caper. The inevitable accompani
ment of these grotesque and frightful
maskers are several varieties of ear tor
turers. Horns which emit every conceiv
able sound are most in evidence.
There are bells, gongs, pans, slats and
countless other devices, to which are
added the yell, whistle, croak, catcall,
grunt, snore, howl f,nd bray of the small
boy, and, in many cases, those of "chil
dren of a larger growth," spoken of by
Dryden.
The most comical maskers abroad to
night are the made-up darkies. These are
so utterly hideous as to be shy of them
selves. Pandemonium turned loose, the
imps of Pluto's train rampant, 10,000
voices, re-enforced by the fanfare of
horns! That is what Los Angeles is ex
periencing to-night.
It is the small boy's delight and the
maiden's glee. . But throughout it all runs
good humor, joy and gladness. There is
no 'drunkenness nor brutal assaults and,
unlike last year's carnival night, no Hour
throwing. The sun will soon break upon
a Sabbath morn, but the maskers and
revelers still throng Broadway, Main. and
Spring streets.
THE FLORAL PAGEANT.
Fiesta Crowds Witness the Prettiest of
Carnival Features.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 25.— There
has evidently been an amicable under
standing between the clerk of the weather
and the street-sprinkler. There have been
light showers during the entire fiesta at
intervals, about twenty-four hours apart.
Last night was no exception. The streets
were thoroughly washed "with a lively
shower just before break of day, and the
lowering clouds looked anything but pro
pitious until 10 o'clock, when they broke
into clumps and soon rolled mountain
ward, leaving all nature bright and beau
tiful. It was an ideal day for the floral
parade, among the loveliest ever seen in
this charming climate, where fine days are
the rule instead of the exception.
And such an exhibition! Its like has
never been seen in Southern California.
There is probably no other cection of the
earth which can supply anything in the
florai line that would surpass the pageant
witnessed here this afternoon. One was
instinctively reminded of the words of the
Master: "Behold the lilies of the field:
they toil not, neither do they spin; and
yet I say unto you that Solomon in all his
glory was not arrayed like one of these."
A large number of equipages— greatly in
excess of those entered last year—ap
peared in to-day's pageant. They in
cluded nearly every style of vehicle im
aginable — six-in-hands, four-in-hands,
tally-hos, dogcarts, phaetons, surreys,
bicycles, and in addition the equestrian
cavalcades. Horses and carriages were
beautifully adorned with flowers. It was
a kaleidoscopic mass of color, filling the
air with perfume, touched with the magic
of satin streamers and silken pennants,
brilliant with a wealth of Flora's gifts,
poured in reckless prodigality on vehicle
and prancing steed. The pennants and
flags that lined the approach to the
Queen's throne fluttered gayly in the
breeze and the scarlet and yellow canopy
shading the throne threw rose shadows on
the imperial dais and royal staircase.
The arrival of the ruler was the occasion
for a tremendousjfanfare of trumpets and
an ovation from the multitude. The pic
ture presented by the Queen's retinue as
it filed into the inclosure and proceeded
down the Queen's highway was a beauti
ful one. Behind her favorite knight came
the Queen's carriage and those of her maids
of honor.
All the decorations of the court, retinue
and the. carriage of the Queen- and the
presidents bad been conceived by Mrs.
Annie Bancroft, and her" perfect taste was
shown to-day in the effective schemes of
color and design in the court equipages.
The court carriages were all in harmony,
the Queen's in a sheen of white and silver,
and the four carriages of the ; maids "of
honor in pink and silver, green and silver,
gray and silver and lavender and- silver,
respectively.
The queen's carriage was fitting in its
details for the rival of tbe rosebud it con
tained. White fur rugs lined the floor.
The harness was covered with white satin,
the driver held white satin reins in his
gloved hands: and white and silver ham
mer cloth gleamed in the sunlight. • The
carriage was a mass of white roses and
splashing bows of white satin. AH, the
coachmen,* of the court carriages were in
Continental 5 uniforms, with cocked hats
and wigs.
; Queen Mildred wore her beautiful day
gown of rich pink and green brocaded
silk; the emerald green velvet train and
royal ;' ermine, the glitter : of ■"' jewels, the
high gold Medici collar, the rich trim
mings of ' pearl— all lent their detail of
beauty to the costume, and she carried her
crown regally, 1 knowing that to-day her
reign would end. • •  '-'; . '-■.
The tiny pages and - the Prime Minister
were most assiduous in attention, know
ing, too, that to-night would close the
.royal drama, and to-morrow , the court
would be but a recollection of the past.
Behind > the royal carriage came the
maids in their filmy white ; over pink.
Pink flowers nodded on their hats, pink
satin ribbons and pink roses covered their
equipage. The second carriage was a
mass of Marie Antoinette roses. A gray
and j silver f hammer-cloth, deep crimson
ribbons and immense bouquets of roses
added to the beauty. The third carriage
was a veritable bed of sweet peas, with
a lavender and silver hammer-cloth, and
great collars of sweet peas were on the
prancing steeds, held in check by lavender
reins. 7^703
In a Calaise de la Fiesta rode Sir John
F. Francis and his wife, whose outfit in
the fiesta colors was one of the most beau
tiful features of the pageant.
Class I. composed of tandems, contained
three entries— Horace M. Dobbins, whose
turnout was covered with roses, pinks and
smilux;Miss Winnie Bleecker, having a
horse as wheeler and two donkeys in tan
dem, her carriage plenteously decorated
with geraniums, marigolds and the reins
laden with smilax ; and Miss Rowena J.
Moore's Irish jaunting cart, the decora
tions consisting of roses, smilax and ferns.
In the cart were the Misses Rowena
Moore, Echo Allen and Helen Carhart,
dressed in pink and green and carrying
white parasols, similarly decorated.
The first turnout in class H was Miss
Hermine Stern's buggy, drawn by a
white horse. The entire body of the
vehicle was hidden in a wealth of lavender
sweet peas. In the buggy, dressed in
lavender and pink, were Miss Stern and
Miss Pinkham, the former driving with
lavender silk reins.
A : gorgeous and most artistic four-in
hand was that of the State Normal School.
The horses were coal black. The young
ladies occupying the coach were dressed
in white, with white Normal School caps,
Maltese cross trimmed with yellow. The
coach and horses were beautifully deco
rated with yellow marguerites and, wild
oats, the harness being wrapped with yel
low satin ribbons.
A large low coach contained members of
the ninth and tenth grades of the Pasa
dena High School. The young ladies who
rode were: The Misses Nash, Jessie Wood,
Canfield, Jones, Stein, Johnston, Smith,
Doty, Lloyd, Lopez, Stanley, Moore, Pierce,
Mott. Lewis and Coe. Messrs. Lacy, Rice
and Banbury acted as outriders.
The hunting trap of Mr. and Mrs. John
Bradbury was an exqusitely decorated
equipage. It was a stylish turnout even
regardless of decorations. It was solidly
and artistically covered with yellow and
white marguerites. The harness was
wrapped with yellow satin ribbons. The
trap bore Mr. and Mrs. Bradbury and the
two Misses O'Connor of San Francisco.
One of the most gorgeous coaches in the
four-in-hand class was that of the Senior
A's of the twelfth grade, High School, of
this city. The girls wore white costumes
with crimson trimmings, and the coach
was a mass of scarlet geraniums and
drooping pepper boughs.
A m?rry party was that of the Tuesday
Evening Club of Pasadena. It rode in a
tallyho, and included the Misses Hanen,
Florence Trull, McLaren, Bushnell,
Chamberlain, Blanche Wetherell, Julia
Stone, Harriet Stevenson, Stoutenburgh
and Miss Anna Hitchcock,, Mrs. Cully and
F. R. Harris. The outriders were E. How
ard, Walter Hansen. Lawrence Lawson, C.
J. Brainard and Bob Allen. The girls
were attired in pale green gowns with lav
ender trimmings. The harness of the
horses was wrapped in lavender ribbons.
The coach decorations were red and white
roses.
Among the bicycles that were gorgeously
decorated with' flowers was that of Mrs.
William Cheeks, known as the -'cyclone
rider." The decorations on her wheel,
shaped in the form of a ship, consisted of
smilax and geraniums and a number of
floral bells were attached. These decora
tions were the design and work of the
rider. 77-777ii[777l
The float occupied by the little Floral
Queen was in masses of lavender flowers
that waved and blossomed riotously
around the tiny baby court. With the ex
ception of the Queen, the little tots were
air in white gowns. In the center of the
group the Floral Queen, Elizabeth Wood,
representing California's flower, the esch
scboltzia, sat enthroned. The maids
were Ada Lucille Ted ford, Kate Van Nuys,
Fannie Carpenter, Ada Marie Norton,
Viola Grace Hamilton,' Lily Edwards, Flor
ence Perry Wood, Clara Smith, Dorothy
French, Cecelia Keys, Margaret Williard,
Katherine Johnson and Cora McMasters.
Little Grace Finlay of this city and little
Lulu Kessler of Pomona attracted much
attention on two very small burros. The
animals were prettily decorated and their
riders were dressed in white.
There were twenty-six youths, ranging
in age from 10 to 16, who rode beautifully
decorated, horses. Rev Rule, Chester
Montgomery, Gerald Rule, Walter Moore
Jr., Ralph Lewis and W. P. Donegan had
their horses decorated with roses, carna
tions and smilax; The other boys were
Ford Russell, Eddie Brown, Otto McClure,
John McQuaid, Harry Burkhart, Frank
Bills, Frank Packard, Eddie Bosbyshell,
Joseph. Sresovich, Oscar Ebinger, Garland
Peck, Olin Harry, Charles Halfhill, Virgil
Cochran, Lincoln Price, Clarence Clark, J.
Roy Howard, R. G. Campbell and William
Brotherton.
General Last kindly assigned a company
of the National Guard of California to
guard the little Floral Queen and her
maids, and a detachment followed the
maids of honor of the tiny queen.
The Jonathan Club, in its yellow outfits,
the merry maskers and the ; Cabatleros, in
gorgeous trimmings of flowers, were in
the pageant. "'-'"'•.:•"
The Queen's highway, after the parade
and battle of flowers, was an immense
carpet of petals, and the tribunes ' were
snowed under by them. The shower of
confetti at a Neapolitan carnival was not
to be compared to the rain of the bloom at
the tribunes. Even the prime minister of
the Queen forgot the dignity of his office
and joined in the fun.
The numbers of visitors to Los Angeles
this week and the sightseers at different
features of the fiesta may be safely set
down at 200,000. In point of attendance
and general success the fiesta has eclipsed
by far its two predecessors. Notwithstand
ing the unexpected and unprecedented at
tendance and the enormous demand upon
the city's resources, Los Angeles j has met
every expectation. No one in- all these
great throngs has wanted for a meal or a
place to sleep.
= .-.-*..■ r ■■■ ■■■ ■■ -■ : ■-■■■■ '■■■ ■■■■■■-■ '- .
-4 Death at Williams.
---__ _ _. ._-_-..■■■■-■■-- ..■.; ■■<::,'
WILLIAMS, Cal., April 25.— Supervisor
J. O. Zumwalt of the Third District of
Colusa County died suddenly at his home
south of this place early yesterday morn
ing. He was 61 years of" age, a native of
Illinois | and came to * California in \ 1849.
Supervisor Zumwalt was the only Republi
can - ever elected to 1 ; that office* in. this
district, and had be lived he ; would have
completed his second term on : January 1
next, a A widow and seven children survive
him. 1 The funeral will be held on Sunday.
ROUND VALLEY'S
LYNCHING BEE.
Witnesses at Weaverville
j Silenced by Fear of
Vengeance.
CONCEALING THE TRUTH
Slow Progress Made in the
, Trial of Van Horn and
Crow.
VINTON'S . FRIENDS TESTIFY.
Breaking the Chain of Suspicion That
Binds the Alleged Slayers
of Littlefield.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., April 25.-The
friends and partisans of "King" George
E.White— the enemies of "^es" Palmer,
who is the foe of White— are having their
innings in Weaverville's court. Men and
women have gone upon tne stand to im
peach the evidence of the prosecution,
which is endeavoring to convict Con
stables Crow and Van Horn of having as
sisted in the lynching of poor "Jack" Lit
tlefieJd, after they had arrested him for
the alleged shooting of John Vinton,
White's right-hand man.
Some startling facts have been retold
during the progress of the trial. Wit
nesses have recounted the finding of the
body of Palmer's head vaquero suspended
from a tree and riddled by bullets; have
told of the lowly grave in which the
lynchers' victim was cast after a "snap"
Coroner's inquest had been held grave
two feet deep and three feet square, in
which the doubled corpse of the fearless
cowboy was cast, booted feet touching un
covered head within a foot of the surface;
have described again the feud of Round
Valley, the "dark and bloody ground" of
fair California, where George White is the
law and bullets its ultimatum.
But the truth has been brought out
slowly and hesitatingly. Fear of Round
Valley vengeance has closed the mouths
of those who know the truth. Confronted
by armed men— desperate, glowering
creatures of the border, ready to shoot or
cut or hang at the word of him who em
ploys them their utterances have been
guarded, and the men who lynched Little
field on September 27, 1894, may never be
brought to justice.
It is a daring jury that would convict
Crow and Van Horn ; but if it does convict
lively times are drawing down upon
Round Valley.
The first witness this morning was
Thomas Hayden, to whose house Johu
Vinton returned after having been shot on
September 25 by "Jack" Littlefield, as he
claimed, and at whose house he was cared
for until he had recovered. Hayden tes
tified to having examined the tracks lead
ing from the spot where Vinton was sup
posed to have been shot. He said the de
fendants. Crow and Van Horn, were at his
house prior to their departure to arrest
Littletielo.
Hayden testified as to the natural char
acteristics in that neighborhood, and
swore that he was present on March 30
when Dryden Lock fired five shots from a
44-caliber Winchester rifle at the place
where Littlefield met his death. The pur
pose of this latter evidence was to prove
that the report of a rifle fired at the scene
of Littlefield's lynching could not be
heard and was not heard at the Red
Mountain House.
This fact, if established, will impeach
the testimony of Walter Clark, who testi
fied to having heard three shots and three
only, and who declared that he was able
to tell the difference between the reports —
that one was loud and two of lesser detona
tion at the time Littlefield was lynched.
The witness was cross-examined by
Deputy Attorney-General Post, and while
he was somewhat confused at times in his
memory of unimportant details his evi
dence was not much shaken. From the
general trend of the prosecution's cross
examination it was evident that it will at
tempt to prove by the defendants' witness
the existence of a conspiracy which re
sulted in Littlelield's death.
Mrs. John Vinton was called to the wit
ness-stand, and testified to having gone to
Hayden's place on September 27 of last
year from her home in Covelo, in company
with her brother, and that when a quarter
of a mile from Hayden's house she saw a
party of seven or eight men on horseback,
two of the horses being white or gray.
This was the party that left Hayden's
house to arrest Littlelield. Mrs. Vinton
said she rode on to the Hayden place, en
tered the house and removed her outer
garments. She noticed the clock, and the
hands indicated that the hour was 3:20.
The reason she noticed the time was that
she wanted to see how long she had been
on the road.
At that time she was not married to
Vinton, being Miss Clara Shores of Covelo.
She became Vinton's wife in March of this
year. Her evidence was not shaken by
the cross-examination.
Mrs. Thomas Hayden testified that
Constables Crow and Van Horn and their
party came to her house on September 27,
after the family and guests had partaken
of the noon meal, and that she got dinner
for them. They arrived : between the
hours of 1 and 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
They rested awhile and left a few minutes
after 3 o'clock. In the party were Con
stables Van Horn, John Crow, Thomas
Hayden, Dryden ' Lacock, Gordon Van
Horn, Joseph Gregory and Radcliffe.
Shortly afterward ' Miss Shores, her
brother and Walter Kemp arrived at the
house. The men in the party were then
three-quarters of a mile away.
The object of the testimony of Mrs.
Vinton and Mrs. Hayden was to prove the
time at which the constables left the Hay
den place to arrest Littlefield.' -M
The remainder ; of the evidence was un
important. The case went over until next
week.
LEAGUERS AT WOODLAND.
Officer. • for the Ensuing Tear Elected at
the Convention.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 25.- A com
mittee to which was referred the matter of
establishing an Epworth League paper 're
ported favorably at the i meeting': to-day.
and the journal will be launched, provided
$500 in cash subscriptions -is obtained.
The .name} of \C. W. Clough of Chico was
mentioned as editor-in-chief. -, .
Officers for the ensuing year were elected
to-day as follows: jE. M. Kimball of Dow
[ ney, first vice-president; Miss Kate Far
sons, Fresno, second vice-president; Miss
Estelle Duke, Linden, third vice-president ;
C. W. Clough, Chico, recording secretary :
Miss Hettie Glover, Modesto, correspond
ing secretary; Miss Hamilton, Fresno,
State treasurer; Mrs. Richardson, Wood
land, superintendent of junior work.
BRIDGING THE MERCED.
Wheat-Laden Trains on the San Joaquin
. Valley Road Will Soon Be Crossing
the River, y
MERCED, Cal., April 25.— The people
are well pleased over the announcement
in to-day's Call that the Valley road
would commence freight traffic upon the
completion of the road to Merced.
The hope is expressed that passenger
trains may be put on at the same time.
The wheat crop along the line of the new
road will be large, and business will be
lively when shipments commence.
Work on the bridge over the Merced
River is being pushed along rapidly, and
since the completion of the road to the
north bank of the stream the contractors
are being supplied with plenty of material,
so that there is no further delay.
The site of the bridge is fourteen miles
from Merced. Half of this distance is
ready for the iron and by the second week
in May the grade to Merced will be com
pleted. Every part of the construction
work is well in hand and all the connec
tions will be made on the date named by
Engineer Storey.
On a clear day the smoke of the loco
motive at the Merced River can be seen
from the Courthouse dome.
DORSET KNOWN aT TEMPLETON.
An Old-Time Friend Discredits New
comer. Story of the Killing.
TEMPLETON, Cal., April 25.— H.
Beauchamp of this place was an old-time
friend of Colonel Caleb T. Dorsey, who
was killed by his mining partner, J. T.
Newcomer, near Columbia. He said
to-day:
"I have known the Dorseys ever since
1858, when I met John and Thomas Dorsey
in Stanislaus County, where they were in
the cattle business. Thomas Dorsey shot
a Mexican cattle thief once at a rodeo;
but they were unusually peaceful and
quiet men.
"Colonel Caleb Dorsey I met in the
same place after the war. He was engaged
in raising horses at Oakdale, Stanislaus
County. My acquaintance with him ex
tended over a period of fifteen or sixteen
years, and in all that time he never car
ried a pistol. He was a frequent visitor at
my house, and stopped often over nights,
so I should have known if he had a
weapon. It is unlikely tbat he commenced
carrying one at this late day, arid I believe
that he was murdered."
Beauchamp is an old Kentuckian, and
anxious for Dorsey's reputation as a
peaceful, law-abiding citizen.
NATIVES AT SAN LUIS
Citizens Busily Preparing for
the Gathering of the
Clans.
Streets anl Bu ldirgs Elaborately
Decorated in the Colors cf
the Order. . .
SAN I.UIS OBISPO, Ca_., April 25.— :
The storm has abated and active prepara
tions have commenced for Native Son
week. Buildings on both of tho main
streets are being decorated and at various
corners stretched across the streets' are
large bears strung from wires. ; The people
are filled with enthusiasm and work is go-,
ing on at a great rate.- The Pavilion is
beautifully decorated within, representing
the interior of a lodgeroom. Strancers
are arriving every hour and by to-morrow
night the city will be crowded!
A delegation of Los Osos Parlor will
leave in the morning for Port Harford to
meet delegates arriving by steamer, and. :
another will go north by rail to Kings City
to come down with other delegates to the
Grand Parlor. On the train arriving at the
depot it will be met by a band and mem- ;
bers of the parlor here, besides a number \
of citizens, and will march from the depot !
to the various hotels.
By to-morrow morning everything will
be in readiness and the city present more
decorations and paraphernalia than ever ]
before. :
Prizes are to be awarded for the best
decorated business houses, and business
men are striving to outdo each other.
Hotels and other places of reception are
finely decorated within, and the natives
can count on a general good time. Per
sons who have not secured accommoda
tions will have to rustle on arrival, as
there is a large demand for lodgings.
Work is being rushed on the beautiful
floats for the grand parade Tuesday.
LAKE WASHINGTON FEUD.
__ Farmer Compel. Two Enemies to
Fray at Hi. Feet.
SEATTLE, Wash.; April 25.— A dramatic
scene, in which three farmers were princi
pals, was enacted on the eastern shore of
Lake Washington this morning. Louis
Langee, because of a family feud of long j
standing, compelled Thomas L. Dabny i
and John Dabny, father and son, to kneel j
at the muzzle of a s double-barrel shotgun I
and offer up a prayer, at the conclusion of !
which. he assured them they would surely I
die. They had not finished their invoca
tion when Langee discharged both barrels
over the heads of the men, whereupon
both arose and ran for life. Later Langee !
was arrested on a charge of assault with
intent to commit murder.
BELTS Make your own choice,
pci TO Y ou can do so at Joy's.
DIT I "T*o Fully ten of the chief man "
bcLlb ufacturers of Electric Belts,
BELTS. includin _ tlie French, Ger-
RF"! TO man and Spanish, sell us
DPI -J- 2 Dcl . ts . regularly. We have
DLL 1 o belts for men and belts for
BELTS women - -We have belts
Dpi TO that are guaranteed to cure
RFI TO Seminal Weakness or the
DtL I o manufacturer returns the
BELTS mone y* and we have belts
DCITO for Rheumatism and
DPTTO chronic complaints. We
DC.*— I b give you the manufac-
BELTS turer ' s written agreement
RFI TO when you call. Select for
DLL -° yourself.
If your doctor prescribes inV-Q
some drug not frequently |X\/»o
used bring the prescription JOY S
to Joy's and you will be sure JOY'S
to have it filled properly, I/""_V'Q
Our storerooms are the **■ * *■*
largest in the City and we JOY'S
keep all drugs obtainable in JOY'S
the world's market. Just re- IO V'Q
member "what you get at *{_s<-_f»S
Joy's is good." JOY S
— JOY'S
JOY'S JOY'S
BALDWIN PHARMACY, joy'l
Under Baldwin Hotel, IOVQ
Powell and Market Sts. If") V'O.
7 SEND MAIL ORDERS. JOY'S
NEW TO-DAY. ______^_.
o«*_2_sl_^>*
Wkimmm - «^_l_2'
DOCTOR SWEANY
No phyfician in the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street, San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
education, and with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of . their family physician-" with-
out obtaining relief. His name is a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of every
case he undertakes. Consult him. either
in person or by letter, this day. A confi-
dential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life.
Anl" If AOR Subject to fainting
fl Kla YS I spells, dizziness,
Hll L 1O BJ noises in the head,
"'"- ■ww palpitation of the
heart, heat flashes, numbness of the hands
or feet, or any other symptom indicating
a diseased heart or paralysis of the Brain?
Art _P If-'- 1 1 Nervous and run
II Kg- ¥ Bill down, with thin
Hrlr BO LB blood, pale lips, drag-
-I_____B ■ww ging pains about the
loins, loss of your natural cheerfulness, and
with melancholy thoughts and inclinations
to get up and run away ?
■ nia \9 <-"_ 1 1 Constipated and dys-
II it fes VlllE peptic with headache.
Mll L 111 U coated tongue, bad
MM " ■ -»••' ~»~ breath, pimples on
your face and back, and with a dull, languid
feeling in every part of your body?
An ET __f _■_ 1 1 The victim of some
fl PJ Ra TllBI loathsome disease
HII __ 111 BJ) wnich causes you to
'"■* __■_______■ blush with shame
should your mother or your sister know
of it?
Ar% m \M _*_ II Troubled with a bad
X L vBI 1 I blood disease which
la b I _BB| every now and then
_____S_ _■__■_■_ breaks out on differ-
ent parts of your body and makes your life
a perfect hell
Alir _/ It 1 1 The ff 9P rin P of con -
(1 UL ¥ 11 88 snmptive parents,
f_ 13 s_ ILB j - nd * 3 the fatal gift
*■*■__ fa. ULa left to you as a legacy?
ARI" If All Troubled with pain
ygai Vl l fl ■in the back, night
1 11b. § vJH _J ,osses . sediment in
_-_________■--■-_■___■- your urine, weakness
of your bladder or kidneys? '
HftP t/lHlBi 3 - n S joxir mem-
APk _" SB I or - v a,,C - do yOU tOS9
Kll \7 I|j II around in your bed
wmm. ■jwjjg and get up tired and
despondent and unrefreshed?
ft AP «■* 1 1 Afflicted with a pre-
iiy I" Willi mature loss of your
HlffC lls _J youthful vigor, weak-
i ii ness of sexual organs,
and are you a victim of the evil effects of
youthful follies and marital excesses?
Anr Vfi 1 1 is^hcre some flight
fIM ia I I lis there some slight
rl 88 h* lUU defect which tends
__-__-______-_-____i to separate husband
and wife?
An_T ./All Afflicted with dis-
fl M. L v 8818 eased eyes, such as
50 1 1 §_■ lUU inflammation of the
-——---------------_ lids or globes, dim-
ness of vision or blindness of one or both
eyes, ulceration, abscesses, tumors of lid
or globe, cancer of lid or eyeball, paralysis
of nerves of eye, closing of the eye duct,
squinting, cross eyes, sore eyes, feeling o*
sand in the eyes, or pain on exposure to
light? |
Anr M Ifl Afflicted with ear
11 __ 5" I 1811 troubles, such as in-
fill b fi UU flammation of the
■-.—•»-«--■—-------■ ears, ulceration or
catarrh, deafness or paralysis, singine or
roaring noises, thickened drum or puru-
lent discharging from the eye ?
altr v f_ s i Afflicted . with any
fl Mi» V 8888 chronic disease of the
ilia lUU head, heart, throat,
' i lungs, stomach, liver
or bowels?
■9 St _T .# ft flfl Afflicted with any
fl K_■ YSP! disease of the kid-
jrli3l_ lUU neyB or bladder, rup-
___-_n-M_ap_a______ ture. piles, hemor-
rhoids, fistula, varicocele, hydrocele, swell-
ing or tenderness of glands?
If you are troubled with any of the above
symptoms, then, reader,
TARE T.ME BY THE FORELOCK.
Never put off a duty you owe to yourself
or another. Half the evils of life come
from things deferred. The time to see the
doctor is when you realize that you have
violated the laws of Nature. Don't wait
lor the penalty to manifest itself. A little
medicine now will do more than a whole
drugstore by and by. So come to Dr.
Sweany at once, and in sacred confidence
tell him all.
He will do more than help you keep your
secret. He will help you forget it.
Diseases fully cured soon cease to be even
matters of memory.
Don't confess to your family. It will
only cause them shame and grief.
Don't tell your closest friend. Friend-
ships are not always lasting, and the
temptation to gossip is great.
If you cannot come to San Francisco
write Dr. Sweany fully and freely, with the
assurance that your letter will be kept
carefully concealed from curious eyes,.
Office hours— 9 A. M. to 12 M., 2to 5 and
7 to 8 P. M.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D., \
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
; — — — ——_______.
IRON BEDS,
fc_j ; -. __*» BRASS BEDS,
< "1 / FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Ma:-
tresses, Kecllnin'
++4 _ fc^ Chairs, Wheel Chair*
j [If I II Commodes, Back Best.
H -Jfflf w> a. schrock;
_t__±3 J- 11111 > ew Montgomery
-—•»■■ _- .^ S___=J-» , New Moi.tjfomerr
\tt ■**»» 1-1 St., under Grand
- - Hotel. _. F.
gold -_vrx-sr__:.
A YOUNG; MAX HAVING SOME KXPERI-
ence In mining can secure an interest in a
well developed, thoroughly equipped mine, situ-
ated in Calnveras Co. ; can have position of super-
intendent if qualified ; thorough investigation as to
bullion receipts <tnd books; capital required fiona
$5000 to $ll>,„0_. Address Hullitn, box 107. Ca11 .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD <_ CO.
European plan. Rooms 60c to *1 50 per day, $J
to 98 per week, $8 to »30 per month: free baths:
hot and cold water every room: fire .rate- la
♦very room, elevator runs aU nigh*.POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
San Joaquin Republicans
Vote Down McKinley
Resolutions.
NO FAVORITISM SHOWN.
An Un instructed : Delegation Sent
to the Convention at '
Sacramento. -
PORT TOWNSEND WARFARE.
Republican Factions Clash and a Fight
Results — County's
Delegates.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 25.— The Re
publican County Convention was held
here to-day, and the A. P. A. element
triumphed. When the various commit
tees were suggested, it was decided not to
have one on resolutions, for the reason
that it was Known that resolutions request
ing the delegates to the State Convention
to send the State delegation pledged for
McKinley would be introduced. The in
fluence of the A. P. A. prevented any move
by McKinley supporters.
No effort was made by the supporters
to indorse the protective tariff of McKin
ley until after the delegates had been se
lected, when George F. McNoble of Wood
bridge introduced a resolution indorsing
the principles of reciprocity, as advocated
by James G. Blame, and of protection, as
championed by McKinley, and indorsing
the latter as a statesman, who had the
good of America at heart. The resolution
was quickly amended to include in the
last named indorsement Allison*, Quay,
Morton and all other loyal Republicans.
"Notwithstanding the amendment the reso
lution was voted down.
Attorney Arthur L. Levinsky of this city
introduced a resolution denouncing the
funding bill and calling upon the dele
gates to the State Convention to refrain
from voting for any delegate to the Na
tional Convention who was in favor of that
bill, or friendly with the Southern Pacific
Company. He made an eloquent speech
in favor of his resolution, and his sugges
tions met with rousing cheers from the
delegates and were heartily indorsed.
The delegation from San Joaquin County
goes uninstructed.
FORT TOW* SEND STRIFE.
Warring Faction. Hold Convention, in
the Same Hall.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 25.—
One of the most exciting scenes ever wit
nessed in Port Townsend politics was
enacted here this afternoon at the Repub
lican County Convention. -." .. .
As the result of an objectionable call for
primaries, issued by the ] chairman " and
secretary of the County Committee, two
pets of primaries were held in this city
and the chairman of the committee refused
to issue credentials to the delegates elected
by tne opposition to the terms of his call.
The majority of the members then
called a meeting of tbe County Central
Committee, which convened two hours be
fore the convention, deposed the old chair
man and instructed his successor to sign
the credentials that the former chairman
had refused to sign.
At the appointed hour the rival chair
men attempted to call the convention to
order and for thirty minutes pandemo
nium reigned in the hall. Members of the
opposing factions were on their feet shout
ing and offering motions, but could not
make themselves heard by the rival chair
men, who tried in vain to check the noise.
Then for an hour and a half the two con
ventions continued to do business side by
side, appointing committees, listening to
reports and finally electing rival delega
tions to the State convention which is to
meet at Everett on May. 14. *•
The most remarkable fact is that only
one fight took place as the result of the
general bitterness among the scores of Re
publicans. Colonel R. H. Ballinger, the
lather of Superior Judge.Bailinger of this
district and a former abolitionist and per
sonal friend of Abraham Lincoln, broke
his cane over the head of a member of the
rival faction, but no arrests followed.
VISALIA CONVENTION.
Republicans Indorse Bimetallism, Pro
tection, and McKinlev.
VISALIA. Cal., April 25.— Tulare
county Republicans met in convention to
day. Resolutions were adopted indorsing
bimetallism, protective tariff, restriction
of foreign immigration. Government
ownership of railroads, suffrage of women,
reciprocity, recommending pensions to
soldiers who fought for the maintenance
of the Government, condemning the main
tenance of Sequoia Park, and recommend
ing some action whereby, under proper
restrictions, this park would be of some
use to the citizens of Tulare county. The
resolutions recommended the nomination
of William McKinley for President, and
indorsed Congressman W. W. Bowers.
Delegates to the Congressional and State
conventions were chosen as follows: L J
Redfield, W. P. Ratliff, I. H. Thomas 'A*
J. Bump, O. B. Phelps, E. O. Larkins, A.
J. Pillsbury and J. J. Cairns.
SAN MATEO'S DELEGATES.
They Will Go to the State Convention
Un instructed.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 25.— At a
meeting of the Republican Central Com
mittee of San Mateo County this afternoon
the following were elected delegates to the
State and tbe Fifth Congressional District
conventions, to be held at Sacramento on
Hay 5: P*HffßJif t^ffijf Bta KJ
A*t-Large— George C. Ross. First Dis
trict. W. J. Martin of Baden; Second Dis
trict, S. G. Goodhue of San Mateo; Third
District, E. F. Preston of Portola and J. J.
Bullock of Redwood City; Fourth Dis
trict, William Nelson of Half moon Bay;
Fifth District, B. V. Weeks of Pescadero.
The committee favored McKinley for
President, but .was opposed to iron-clad
instructions, and the delegates therefore,
go to the convention/unpledged.- The
meeting was harmonious.
FRESNO CO UNIX'S CHOICE.
Frank H. Short . Urged a. a Delegate to
St. i.nuis. ■
FRESNO, Cal., April 25.— The Repub
lican County Convention' to-day selected
as delegates to the Suite Convention and
to the Congressional Convention at Mo
desto, George H. Monroe, George- A.
Nourse, G. H. Aiken, A. J. Shields, R. N.
Barstow, P. F. Peck, ; A. M. Drew, A. E.
Snow. M. 8. Rose, W. F. Rowell, Dr. C.
Rowell and F. 8." Earl. It indorsed 1 " Me- •
Kinley for President,' a protective : tariff,
free silver and . reciprocity. Hon. W. W.
Bowers was indorsed as candidate for Con-
Til ill 111 HiiH«llffi|ini|l_iiTlnliati iiaiiiiiil*MMiniiiiH iiili_irrTi-)i_ri*-.ri im_»mi __ i t*\
gress .from this district. Frank EL Short
of this city was nominated as the choice of
this county for delegate to the St. Louis
Convention, and Dr. Chester Rowell was
indorsed as elector from this Congressional
district. - - • • ... -
KERN COUNTX'S ATTITUDE.
Favor. TMcKinley, but Will Support the
Party Nominee.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., April 25. — A
largely attended Republican County Con
vention was held here this afternoon to
elect delegates to the Congressional and
State conventions. The following were
chosen:
R. C. Dale, A. B. Evans, A. R. Swain,
G. C. Gorham, G. T. Hanscom, E. D.
Wheatiey, ; D. M. I Doyle and Alexander
Heyman. They will serve at both con
ventions. Resolutions were unanimously
and enthusiastically adopted in dorsing
party progress, protection and prosperity.
As to Presidential candidates the resolu
tions declare:
We pledge the hearty and united support of
Ihe Republicans of Kern Connty to the Presi
dential nominee of the National Convention,
regardless of whom he may be, but at the same
time heartily indorse the candidacy of that
great leader of the protection light, Hon. Wil
liam McKinley of Ohio, and urge our delegates
to support only such men for delegates to that
convention as are known to be faithful sup
porters of him. , ,f <
We indorse the candidacy of the Hon. Wil
liam H. Bowers for re-election to Congress and
pledge the undivided support of the Republi
can voters of this county. We hereby instruct
our delegates to the Congressional convention
to vote for his renomination. We also hereby
instruct our delegates to oppose any postpone
ment of nomination for Congressman beyond
the 4th of May. : * . : " . _.<?
The Republicans of Kern County denounce
the policy of issuing bonds to raise money to
carry on the Government, believing that ulti
mate ruin is inevitable to the country which
pursues it, as it is to the business man who
imitates that example. We also declare our
opposition to the policy of monometallism, and
place ourselves on record as favoring free and
unlimited coinage, at the ratio of IG to 1, of
all silver mined in this country, with a tariff
on that imported. ■'"'-', *
We nl-o favor the retirement of greenbacks
of less denomination than $20, in order that
silver may be substituted therefor, and thereby
come into more general use in the East as well
as in the West, and we favor the instruction of
the delegates to the National Convention to
use every means in their power to bring about
the adoption of such a policy.
W. H. McKittrick was indorsed as dele
gate to the National Convention, and a
resolution calling for the re-enactment of
sugar protection laws was passed.
SAN BERNARDINO'S STAND.
McKinley First, With Allison as the
Second Choice.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 25.—
The Republican County Convention was
held at Colton to-day, and delegates to
the State and Congressional conventions
elected. The resolutions strongly indorse
Representative Bower, and instruct the
delegation to support his candidacy.
McKinley was the favorite of the con
vention and a resolution indorsing him
for President was adopted.
Just as the McKinley resolution was
read a committee of schoolgirls advanced,
bearing a beautiful design, which they
presented to the chairman, while the dele
gates applauded. The decoration bore in
the center a picture of McKinley and the
letters "W. M."
A resolution, indorsing H. H. Sinclair of
Redlands for district delegate to St. Louis,
was adopted. In a speech Sinclair an
nounced himself strongly in favor of the
nomination of McKinley, with Allison as
second choice.
Calaveras Wants McKinley.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., April 25.— The
Calaveras County Republican Convention
convened to-day, and j the following dele
gates to the State Convention were elected :
F. J. Solinsky, Alexander Brown, C. D.
Fontana, Ed Casey, W. W. Wood. Willis
Dunbar. , Walter Try on and N. .Zimmer
man. A resolution pledging the delegates
to the State Convention to use all honest
means' to secure a McKinley delegation to
the National Convention was adopted.
State Senator E. C. Vborhies was indorsed
as a delegate to tne National Convention.
San Joaquin Prohibitionists.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 25.— Pro
hibition County Convention was held here
this afternoon. The delegates declared
for absolute prohibition, woman's suffrage,
free silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. and
passed a resolution against the funding
bill. Another resolution . favoring the
speedy . completion of the Nicaraguan
canal under American control was passed.
The delegates urged that no interest-bear
ing bonds should be issued by the Govern
ment in time of peace. >- <.-
Republicans at Modesto.
MODESTO, Cal., April 25.-Stanislaus
County Republicans met in convention
to-day and indorsed McKinley for Presi
dent. The delegates declared for the free
coinage of silver. . The delegates to the
State and Congressional conventions are:
T. T. Dennett. G. W. Nelson, Joseph j Mc-
Neil and A. Rand. The Seventh Congres
sional District Convention will be held
here May 4. X "';;
Tulare County Populists.
VISALIA, Cal., April 25.— The Populists
held their convention to-day and passed
resolutions indorsing the Omaha platform
and the recime of the present county offi
cers. The following delegates to the State
Convention were elected: H. F. Brev,
George Manchester, J. W. Thomas, J. R.
Reed, C. M. Lumreau and W. H. Gilstrap.
WOODLAND'S CAUSE CELEBRE.
Witnesses for Shepherd and Collum Under
the District Attorney's
Ban.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 25.— pros
ecution has rested its case in the trial
of Shenherd and Collum, the former
woolen-mill proprietor*, for arson. The
defense introduced evidence to prove that
neither Shepherd nor Collum was at
the mill, or thereabouts, on the night of
January 27,' the date of the attempted de
struction of the property. Seven witnesses
testified that the two were in town be
tween S and 9 o'clock, about the time the
mill was discovered to be on fire. >
The sensation of the day - was when a
Miss Behrens, who was employed as a
weaver at the mills, corroborated testi
mony of other witnesses in regard to the
movements of Shepherd and Colium on
the night of January 27. District Attorney
Hopkins' first question was:
"Haven't you been in the habit of going
with * those men, night after night, and
drinking liquor, and sitting up late at
nights with them when their wives weren't
there
"No, sir." ■
"Were you ever at Dick's restaurant with
Mr. Shepherd or Mr. Collum?"
"No. sir."
"Never at any time ?"
"No, sir." . , , 1
 .; "Have you and another young lady been
out fishing with ■ Mr.; Shepherd and Mr.
Collum since the fire, and at 'the fishing
parties their wives were not present?"
. "I . was . out when their wives were
along." _..• .
«v The witness showed great indignation in
her answers, and Clark protested that they
were improper, but : the District Attorney
assured the court he would follow them up
with proof and they were allowed. :v
Extending Seattle Trade.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 25.— The Puget
Sound and "Central American Steamship
Company announces that it.will within the
next thirty days dispatch four ships from
this port to Central American points with
cargoes constituted mainly of goods sold
by Seattle wholesalers. Several members
of a -committee' of business men; sent to
investigate, have just returned, 1 f and ■ they
say a great trade can ' easily be r built; up
between the Pacific Coast States and South
American republics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26; 1890.
MISS LILLIAN REA OF GILROY, QUEEN OF THE SAN JOSE CARNIVAL.
GILROY, Cal., April 25.— The news of
the election of Miss Lillian Rea, one of
Gilroy's fairest daughters, as queen of the
Santa Clara County Carnival of Roses
was received with great rejoicing here.
Immediately on receipt of the news a com
pany of Miss Rea's friends gave the suc
cessful aspirant a serenade, and informed
her of the result of the voting. Miss Rea
had retired, but arose and thanked her
friends for the compliment they had paid
her. 7 : <7
STANDARD MINE
A BLAZING FURNACE
Fire Starts at the 350-Foot
Level and Rages From Day
light Until Dark.
MINERS BATTLE AGAINST ODDS
Endangered by Falling Rocks and
Timbers They Finally Check
the Flames.
- BODIE. Cal., April 25.— A1l day long
fire has raged in the Standard mine at the
edge of town. Columns of flame have
poured from the shafts and the heat of a
monster furnace kept at a distance the
workers; who endeavored to check the
conflagration. The fire started at the 350
--foot level, and after fighting the flames
since sun-up they were got under control
at 9 o'clock to-night. ' .
The alarm was given at 6 o'clock this
morning and long files of excited miners
and citizens began toiling up the steep
Standard Hill through the snow.
- From the opening of the main shaft
volumes of white smoke were pouring with
the roaring sound of a blast furnace. The
pumps at the __ent shaft were started, but
it was found that the pipes leading to the
top of Standard Hill were frozen. An
effort was made to diminish the draught by
covering the opening of the shaft with
timbers and dirt, but this was only par
tially successful. Every effort was made
to check the fire underground at the end
of the Bulwer tunnel, but masses of red
hot debris came crashing down through
the shaft at intervals and the heat was ex
cessive. ■ '777-S;
Mule teams were 'kept busy hauling
water through the Bulwer tunnel and sev
eral Babcock extinguishers were put to
good use keeping the fire away from tim
bers in the station. W77>,
As the timbers burned away in the main
shaft great quantities of rock became de
tached and . crushed and crashed down
into the lower levels. Intense excitement
prevailed : through the town, as no ; one
could ascertain the extent of the fire or
the amount of the damage until late in
the afternoon, , when some miners went
down through the Bodie and came
through the Standard at the 400 level.
jjj They found that the fire had not gone
much below the < 350-foot level, and was
probably confined to the neighborhood
of the- Bulwer tunnel, level. The new
electric hoist machinery is undoubtedly
destroyed. .
.: The fire is still raging to-night, but under
control. The pumps are throwing a good
stream down the shaft from the top of the
hill, and the Standard cyanide pump 'is
throwing water into the Bulwer tunnel. '.
This is the second loss by fire the Stand
ard Company , has sustained : within '■ two
years, its '■ large hoisting works having
been destroyed in August. 1894.
DEFEAT OF THE INSURGENTS.
As Usual the Spanish Leaders Report Vic
tories in : Several Minor En- .
gagements.
, HAVANA, Cuba. April Colonel Her
nandez reports meeting a party of 600 in
surgents under the leaders Maceo and Col
lazo and dispersing them after a hot skir
mish. I;,'1 ;,' The rebels left twenty dead on the
field. The troops did not lose any men. /
* 7 A? force of marines on a l tug engaged in
For the past two days pending the final
count there was a great rush for ballots,
the citizens and the committee from Gil
roy being determined to win the fight at
any cost. It was rumored that the Stan
ford University had a candidate to rush in
the last moment and carry off the honors,
and this was an incentive for Miss Rea's
friends to redouble their efforts. Gilroy
responded nobly, sending in 9058 ballots of
the 11,268 cast for the winner.
Miss Rea is the youngest daughter of
towing a scow on the Canimar River was
attacked by a body of rebels to-day. The
marine, succeeded in repulsing the insur
gents after firing several volleys. ,
News has been received that Colonel
Hernandez defeated the rebel bands under
tbe insurgent leaders Collazo and Maceo
near Penal ver and at Guira de Melana, in
' the province of ; Havana. ]'. The fighting
was of a desperate character and mainly
hand to hand. : : * : \"
The Spanish forces used their machetes
with deadly effect. The rebels were com
pletely routed and left forty-nine dead.
They carried off a number of their
wounded. The Spanish had only eight
wounded.
NOT A. MERE BANDIT OUTBREAK
David Starr Jordan Receive. Informa
tion on the Cuban War.
PALO ALTO, Caw, April 25:— Some time
ago I wrote to a friend in Havana, a gen
tleman of Spanish descent and education,
an author very well known in Havana and
withal a thoroughly trustworthy man, ask
ing him to tell me what the real feeling of
the intelligent classes of Havana was in
regard to the present insurrection. I in
close herewith a translation of a letter re
ceived from him. It will be of interest to
your readers as it was to me. It seems to
show that this rebellion is not a mere ban
dit outbreak ot negroes and jailbirds, but
the effort of the whole people to throw off
the yoke of a government they find intol
erable. r'.Y.' : David S. Jordan.
Dr. David S. Jordan, Palo Alto, Cal.—
Sir: It is to be regretted that, as you say,
those of you who are interested in the fate of
this country have not a perfect knowledge of
its true present state. Great ruin and much
blood must be shed to attain what now seems
likely to be attained, but it is never too late tor
the good. I can give you an idea of what the
really intelligent Cubans think of the present
movement. • I have heard the opinions of the
most distinguished persons of the City, persons
who by education and from a sense of honor are
incapable of falsehood. They have given their
testimony, one by one, each without knowledge
before or after of what the other has said. It
seems to me, therefore, that I can reply to your
inquiries with authority. vi: ; : ?■:■s
1. The insurrection was begun and is kept
up by Cuban people. !
2. The Government has made colossal and
unheard-of efforts to put it down, bringing
against.it _ force of 150,000 armed men and
resorting to all possible measures of prudence
and resource, but has not succeeded in dimin
ishing it. It has extended from the extreme
east to the extreme west and is everywhere
maintained.
' 3. The flower of our youth is in the army of
the insurrection. In its ranks are many
physicians, lawyers, druggists, professors; art
ists, men of business, engineers, etc. By the
excellent consular service of the United States
this fact may be proved if it is not already
known. . vii.-''; -y
','_.' The insurgents begin by destroying their
own property, in order to deprive the troops of
the Government of shelter and sustenance.
5. Destruction is carried on ;by both sides,
by the insurgents on the much greater scale.
. 6. Let it be understood that < the insurgents
will continue in their course until they fulfill
their purpose, carrying all before them by fire
and blood.
1 7. All ■ eyes are directed toward the north to
the Republic which is the mother of all Amer
icans. -■_■;%; ' ' -■;■.-'.
8. The people of the United States must bear
strongly in mind now, as never : before, that
profession is null and void if action does not
confirm it. Wise men like yourself know this
best of all. ■-'■,■
, 1 rep.at.to you, honored sir, the consider
ation and esteem of A Cuban '
Havana, April 7, 1896. :•';.' --___«.
WOES OF A ' SAN JOSE SLEUTH.
Witnesses Swear That He Committed \
Perjury in Saloon Ca.es.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April ' 25.— H. P. Haw
kins,' a private detective, who has been
zealous in prosecuting saloon-men ; for
selling ; liquors ; to minors;. was examined
before Justice Dwyer to-day on a charge of
perjury preferred - by J. R. Berry ;At
the • trial of s ' J. ■ Hermelin on January ' 29
Hawkins swore that Hermelin sold liquor
to Paddy s Olmstead; a minor. This Her
melin denied:'; . "V"
v. The,' testimony for the , prosecution was
concluded -to-day. It was strong against
Hawkins {and showed that Hermelin was
noi in" the saloon at the time the liquor
was sold. ■-• The examination was continued
until Monday.
Samuel Rea, a wealthy farmer of this val
ley. She is beautiful and accomplished,
possessing a sweet, attractive manner that
wins friends everywhere. She will wear
the honors becomingly. All day she haa
been the recipient of messages from near
and afar, congratulating her on her suc
cess.
Miss Rea has chosen Miss Irene Hanken
sen, another fair representative of Gilroy,
as maid of honor. The ladies in waiting
will soon be announced. ';.■':•
SANTA CRUZ GOOD
ROADS CAMPAIGN
Members of the State Bureau of
Highways Confer With
Citizens.
"*' *"- -.-'.*. . . *'V\" ■ ; * .
BICYCLE RIDERS REPRESENTED
Resolutions Urging Taxation for Im
provement of Thoroughfares
Are Passed.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 25.— The
County Good Roads convention met to
day at Capitola. I. H. Tuttle, chairman;
I. L. Dutton, secretary ; Marsden Manson
and R. C. Irvine, • members of the State
Bureau of Highways; H. F. Wynne, vice
consul of the League of American Wheel
men; members of Santa Cruz County's
Board of Supervisors and members of the
recently organized County Good Roads
Association were present.
Addresses were made by Mr. Manson,
Mr. Irvine and j Mrs. Stanton , the wife of
Supervisor Stanton. j There was a large at
tendance of Watsonville, Soquel, Capitola
and Santa Cruz citizens.
The Resolutions Committee, composed
of R. H. Pringle, B. K. Knight, I. H.
Tuttle. G. I. Radcliffe and A. W. Wymnn,
reported resolutions to be presented to the
State Good Roads Convention, to meet at
San Jose in May. ' '*
They propose that the classification of
roads shall include State roads or high
ways, which shall be maintained by a
direct tax upon all taxable property in the
State; county roads or trunk lines, which
shall: be maintained by a direct tax upon
all taxable : property -in the county; dis
trict  roads . or highways, which j may be
maintained under the present county road
tax. )4uiz-z«< . 77:77
: In this connection it is recommended
that a law be passed by the Legislature
allowing the respective road districts or
portions of road districts, by the direct
taxation of all the ; taxable property situ
ated within each district, to raise funds
for the betterment or improvement of the
roads. It is further proposed that the
State Bureau of Highways be made a per
m nent body; that each county have an
expert on roads and each Supervisor Dis
trict j have a ; road foreman. The resolu
tions were adopted.
The resolutions .' committee recom
mended the passage, of a law requiring
owners along ,- county roads . to keep . all
weeds and brush ; along the sidewalks be
tween road ditches and fences -clear; that
a law-be - enacted ordering ; that, : when
there are no established or defined lines or
when they are :; not' clearly known in ac
cordance with the law, owners be ; com
pelled to move their fences. A law estab
lishing the: width \ of wagon tires w as also
urged. ' ' '.
DEBTS OF THE PACIFIC ROADS.
Majority Report Recommending the , Settle
ment Favored by Huntington Sent '■777 : :
"*''■ to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, DO.. April 25.-Chair
man Powers jof the House -Committee on
Pacific Roads to-day presented J the major
ity report Vof | that ; committee on the \ bill
recently reported to settle the debt of j the
bond-aided railroads to the Government.
The ;' report *is voluminous and covers all
material points. . . , , _ ,* r
- .It discusses \ the history of \ the issue of
the bonds, the: Congressional provisions
for their repayment under the acts of 1862
and 1864, and the Thurman act, a detailed
statement of the debts of the two roads
on January 1, 1897— the date when the law
will go into effect— a discussion *of the
different modes .of settlement and an
analysis of the bill. '."'.'■ 7
It is argued in the report that the acts of
Congress, which prescribed the provisions
to be made by the companies for the re
payment of their bonds and interest, have
been complied with by the corporations.
' It was believed by Congress,*.' the report
continues, "that the provisions so pre
scribed to be made would suffice to dis
charge the : subsidy bonds and .interest
thereon at maturity. ,As a matter of fact
they have not sufficed for that purpose."
The report shows that the companies
have repaid to the United States sums
which in the aggregate are > equal to the
entire amount of the subsidy bonds. In
the case of the Union Pacific Company the
payments will exceed by $5,000,000 the en
tire amount of these bonds.
■ "But for. the noteworthy decline in the
rates of transportation and the greater ap
preciation of the credit of the United
States." the report \ proceeds, "it is be
lieved that the amount paid in would have
sufficed to pay the whole balance of the
account for principal and interest, or so
large a proportion thereof that the balance
of the indebtedness could be reasonably
secured." . •*'";.;.';'' ~ ':7y^---: ' ■■•■:■•■
Reference is made to the fact that the
army and navy transportation and postal
service ito the Pacific, before the con
struction of the roads, cost the Govern
ment annually $7,357,000, while the cost of
much greater transportation in 1894 was
only $1,753,000. ..:: —
The total indebtedness which will be
due from the Union Pacific Railroad on
January 1, 1897, will be in round numbers
$92,000,000. Deducting from this $38,000,000
for payments to the sinking fund and
credits for transportation and cash, leaves
a net debt on the foregoing date of
$54,000,000.
In the case of the Central Pacific the
gross indebtedness is $75,000,000 the credits
18,000,000, the net balance being $57,
--000,000. • -Iv.*:'. 1 : ■. .
The committee believe that $4,000,000 is
a fair average of the annual earnings
that can be used as a basis of calculation
in determining the amount of the Govern
ment's annual requirement.
On this basis the Central Pacific will pay
fixed charges as follows each year: In
terest at 4 per cent on first mortgage, en
tire line, $2,307,26057; interest on Govern
ment debt, $1,153,630 28; installment of
principal, $365,000; total, $3,825,890 85; and
on the same basis the Union Pacific will
pay fixed charges each year as follows:
Interest at 4 per cent on first mortgage,
$2,188,240; interest on Government debt,
$1,074,508 17; installment of principal,
$365,000. Total, $3,628,548 17.
In each case a small margin is left to
cover unexpected contingencies.
Property- Owners Sued.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 25.— C. W. Fay, a
street contractor, to-day began, suit against
Henrietta C. Naumann, F. A. Malech, E.
Orth, W. S. Clayton and others for $483 due
for improvements on Third street, between
Santa Clara and San Fernando. The work
was done in compliance with a resolution
passed by the City Council. An order of
sale of the property abutting the improve
ments is asked. Or;*N : ; ;
Altamont is the highest recorded point
in Maryland, 2620 feet. __-■... :,.__,_ ./*_;.'
* NEW TO-DAT.
any pride in his make-up {^ST^S^ 1 Iff.// fill
strong, vigorous man- „,, , _^_^^_S__r^^i-'^-ji-S_^^_BS-^
hood." No' man enjoys <jiP
self, the fear that his friends will discover hi 3 condition. It robs
life of all that is enjoyable all that makes life happy — peace of
mind ; jovial, sociable disposition ; the confidence in self. It
takes from him the bright side of life — that healthy vital force in
him which pictures all things as beautiful. It is gone, and he
sees everything black, gloomy, miserable.
The wish to be strong, to feel one's self the equal of all men
in all that makes man perfect, is at some time strong in the heart
of every man.
MAN! ARE YOU WEAK?
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and vital forces as you
should be ? Do you find your manly strength giving way too
early ? Have you strong muscular power and weak vital powers ?
Do you notice that your capacity for business, study or pleasure
is waning? All these are signs of the loss of vital nerve foree —
Electricity— from your body. Replace it and be a man. Get
back Nature's vitality which you have wasted by indiscretions or
excesses. :;7-.7:
This is the age of progress. A means has been found for
the restoration of manly vigor. It is
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT!
Never failing ;in its invigorating powers, it has made thousands
'«\V}-_/ <____/__* °V' v ig° rous men out of ; as many
r^^^^S^^^S^%^>»^ weak, despondent creatures. : It
_ii^-'^_^_VB^ilC^___^i_ll^_l-l_. vv *-*-*- cure ~ >ou *-*** *- ou are wea - c *
"Three Classes of Men" is a
WBfi**^Jyr- "^""*__sf very valuable treatise on the res-
_r-__-^'!^^****^^^^^-^--. _ ___ r^___^_L__C- , u ■"-*-*^__-^^-_H toration of manhood. . If you are
weak, get it at once. It i 3
• free . on application, and will
"^T^^^^^ point out a course by which
•sj&S. y° u can become a healthy and
~Mi& . happy man.
Dr. banden's \ffe *\ _=£* Electric Belt has a regulator, and the electric power can b*
turned on mild 'i^S^^. or strong at will. No other Belt made has it.
- Act to- day. In a matter of this kind— a matter
which concerns the happiness not; only of yourself, but of your
family and friends, of your future generations you should ; not
delay. ' ■-. ;'.•_.»•;'-« -_ •_.>.:_._' .
S_s_-_>J-3__»__:_Kr EIiE CT__I.I C CO.,
632 MARKfcT.;ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday j, 10 to 1.
r&'.^^ : ' ; OFFICES AT—:'' ;' :
LOS ANGELES,' CAL. . ' ; I .' :„■! PORTLAND, OR. '
£04 South Broadway. 1 2.5 Washington streak
■■'■;'. •..'■••'•■ '
FETED AT DEL MONTE.
Bonifaces From Over the Divide
-Welcomed to the Spa
cious Hostelry.
"The Nearest Heaven I've Ever Been,"
Is Ex-President Wilcox's
Comment.
DEL MONTE, Cal., April 25.— When
400 delegates of the Hotel Men's Mutual
Benefit Association arrived at Del Monte
to-night on a special train they met with
a happy surprise. Two thousand Chinese
lanterns were strewn about the grounds
and buildings, and as the strangers caught
a glimpse of the full moon's sheen on the
quiet waters of .Monterey Bay there were
exclamatious of surprise and pleasure.
All day long Manager Arnold has had
gangs of men working on the decorations
of the hotsi, which far surpass anything
Monterey has seen before. Jewett Wilcox
of Chicago, ex-president of the associa
tion, said to-night : . 7 ,
"I have never been so near heaven be
fore as I am at tbe present moment. I
have heard and read a great deal of Del
Monte, but never realized its grandeur.
This is a climax of our happiness, and will
always linger in my memory as the hap
piest and the grandest reception we have
ever had."
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 25.— Hotel
Men's Association, about 400 strong,
visited this city to-day. The Easterners
were met at the depot by a committee of
the Board of Trade and taken for a drive
about the city and through the adjoining
orchards in carriages furnished by the
citizens. %'.
The visitors were • divided into three
parties. One party was driven through
the Berryessa district, another through
the Willows and the third out to Alum
Rock. After the drive the visitors were
feasted at the Vendome Hotel. They
were pleased with San Jose and surprised
at the beauty and productiveness of the
surrounding country.
To Check Tuberculosis.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April Veterinary
Inspector Spencer, acting under directions
from Chairman Greeninger of the Board of
Supervisors, will, during the coming week,
proceed to kill all the stock afflicted with
tuberculosis that he has examined and
condemned. A large number of milch cows
were found to be infected, but the owners
objected to the stock being killed. The
order to kill the stock is made in com
pliance witn a State law.
The Murderer Unknown.
7. SAN JOSE. Cal., April 25.— The inquest
over the body of Emma Hawkins, the
woman found in the Hensley House with
her throat cut Thursday afternoon, was
concluded this morning. The jury re
turned a verdict that death resulted from
wounds inflicted by some unknown person.
56
HORACE FLETCHER HERE.
The Genial Philosopher of New
Orleans Has Arrived in
Town.
GREAT SUCCESS AS AN AUTHOR.
He Talks of Poets, Players, Artists
and of the True Art of Living
Without Worry.
Horace Fletcher, an author within easy
reach of fame, a genial philosopher and a
man of large affairs in a practical business
sense, is in San Francisco, a welcome guest
at the home of Julius Kruttschnitt.
Ten years have passed aince Mr. Fletcher
resided in San Francisco. For a decade
prior to 1886, he was quite well known in
business and social circles of this City.
He was president of the Olympic Club
when that institution went into its first
HORACE FLETCHER, TUE AUTHOR OF MENTICULTURE.
home on Post street, and at the same time
he belonged to the inner circle of Bohe
mians at the club where the owl reigned.
Thirty-one years ago he visited Japan —
as he describes it, "'Brave, gentle, artistic,
lovable little Japan, which then was
nursing in quiet seclusion a beautiful
flower of artistic civilization." Since then
Mr. Fletcher has traveled in America,
Europe, Asia and Africa fully one-third of
his time, lie belongs to clubs and literary
circles in half the large cities in the United
States. He has resided in Chicago, Boston
and New York, and is now living in New
Orleans, a city which possesses many at
tractions ior the artist.
Among his friends he counts authors,
poets, actors and professional men of ce
lebrity. His bungalow is famed for simple
hospitality and artistic refinement. It
has supplied the text for many a de-
scriptive article in the magazines and
newspapers.
When Mr. Fletcher, in company with
Scott nelson, strolled into the Bohemian
Club yesterday the former studied the old
cartoons and declared that they were bet
ter than his memory had pictured them.
In the library be talked of his home in
New Orleans, of bis book and of poets and
artists. Eugene Field's visit of two months
last year was delightfully recalled. Joseph
Jefferson's enthusiasm in the art of paint
ing was described. Jefferson, the greatest
of actors, hopes to achieve fame as a great
painterer, and his recent work, says Mr.
Fletcn, justifies the hope. Frank R. Stock
ton is quoted as saying "that no author
can tell whether a book is going to sell.
The public decides that question." Julian
Ralph and Sol Smith Russell were on the
list of welcome guests at the Baronne
street bungalow.
Mr. Fletcher was led to talk about his
own book, "Menticulture, or the ABC
of True Living." It was published last
October, the aim of the author being to
elucidate clearly the idea that all the evil
passions are traceable to one of two roots.
Anger is the root of all the aggressive pas
sions. Worry is the root of all the cowardly
passions. The motive of the work is the
power of suggestion on the human
mind to repress these passions. In his
studies and travels In Japan and China,
he became profoundly impressed with the
belief that all evil passions might be
eradicated by killing the germs of them.
His one great sincere motive has been to
present his theory in a light so clear,* and
with arguments and instances so well con
sidered tbat there can be no possibility of
misunderstanding it. There was no
thought of commercial gain when the
work was published. The gentle phil
osopher simply thought of teaching others
how to get along in the world without
trouble or worry. Unexpectedly the
book began to be talked about in general
circles, and a great demand for it followed.
The Bookman of April in pronouncing its
success phenomenal says :
"That there are many people outside of
the ranks of faith healers, Christian
Scientists and others of that ilk who are
interested in the ultimate triumph of
mind over matter is pretty thoroughly at- :
tested by the phenomenal success of
•Horace Fletcher's Menticulture; or the
ABC of True Living,' which is being
very widely read for a work of its class."
In his conversation, yesterday Mr.
Fletcher observed that the age ,was ripe
for tbe study of the mind—the spiritual.
The close of the last century had been
distinguished by the inventions which de
veloped the most material forces of the
world. These forces of nature now in mo
tion would give the people at the close of
this century the leisure to study the hu
man mind, the source of all energy. "Now
as to my book," said Mr. Fletcher, "the
chief source of pleasure to <me is
contained in the letters which I receive,
wherein the writers give personal testi
mony as to the power of suggestion in re
pressing evil passions. I have had to find
a new definition for worry, and so to make
myself clearly understood I not** call it
fear-thought. :
"Really when we come to think about it
no such thing as trouble exists. The
thing that causes the trouble has passed,
and therefore no longer exists. The habit
of thought is powerful. The influence of
the mind is now recognized by advanced
physicians and teachers. The theory that j
I have built up is based on a proper esti- '
mation of the limitations of mental weak
nesses—a discovery, that they have roots
and also that they can be "pulled out by
the roots' and disposed of just like any
other weeds, only that the task being
mental and not physical, can be more
easily performed." ' . -?-• ,
. To Horace Fletcher's philosophic mind
San Francisco is one of the most: delight
ful places on the globe, and as for the
Palace Hotel he says it is unequaled and
easily enough the best hotel in the world.
In the City he notes : many evidences of
improvement, and declares that the town
must be prosperous. ' The street railroad
system enlisted his admiration, and also
elicited the comment that New Orleans
was now well equipped with an electric
system, of street . railways. . Citizens of
New Orleans were just now engaged in a
great movement for municipal reform and
he was among those who were taking a
deep interest in the subject.
New Orleans, hi said, had a very high
regard for the abilities and character of
Mr. Kruttschnitt and he 'predicted that
San Francisco and California would soon
appreciate his attainments and the value
of nis citizenship.
Another Veteran Dead.
Daniel McDonald, a pioneer of 1849 and a
veteran of the War of the Rebellion, died yes
terday at his residence, 733 Minna street, after
a long and painful illness.
Mr. McDonald came to this City when a boy,
with his father, who was then & soldier in the
First Artillery, U. 8. A. He waa employed for
some years in the ammunition department at
the Benicia barracks. Later he learned the
trade of painter with the old-time firm of
Sweet i- Gad-by. Upon the breaking out of
the rebellion he enlisted in Battery D, Third
Artillery, U. S. A., and re-enlisted in Battery
C. Second Artillery, U. S. A., and served with
gallantry in some of the fiercest battles of the
war.
During the many years that Mr. McDonald
resided in this City he enjoyed the esteem of a
large circle of friends. He was a member of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, 6. A. R., and
will be buried from that post's rooms, 320 Post
street, to-morrow at 1 o'clock v. m.
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES
Rev. Dr. Dille ;; Dedicates the
First M. E. Church in
Honolulu.
Novato Is to Have a New Presbyte
rian Church Organized By a
Student.
Rev. Dr. Dille dedicated the First M. E.
Church in Honolulu last Sunday. The
doctor went to the islands forthe purpose
of dedicating the church and taking a
needed rest. There is no possibility of
bis accepting a call to Honolulu.
Dr. W. S. Mathews, editor of the Cali
fornia Christian Advocate, took his leave
of the City last week to attend th* General
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church at Cleveland, Ohio. It is believed
that his success as editor will guarantee
his re-election for another quadrennium.
On eot the interesting questions for the
General Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church will be that of additional
bisnops. None were elected in 1892, and
some people say more bishops ought to be
elected at Cleveland. 1
The annual meeting of the "Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society of the M. E.
Church is to be held in Alameda, Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday, April 29 and
30 and May 1. Rev. J. M. Weems will
preach the opening sermon on "Wednesday
evening. Sister Campbell will speak on
Thursday afternoon, tne 30th inst.
:■ R. W. : Reynolds, a student of the San
Francisco Theological Seminary who has
just been ordained into the Presbyterian
church, has been preaching to the people
of Novato during his last term in the sem
inary and was instrumental in getting a
church organized there. They have a
church building about half completed
which will soon be furnished and dedi
cated. Mr. Reynolds expects to do evangel
istic and missionary, work in San Fran
cisco.
; The General Assembly of the Presbyter
rian church in the United States will meet
in the First Presbyterian Church, Sara
toga Springs, N. V., Thursday, May 21,
1896.
The Sacramento Valley Association of
Congregational Churches and Ministers
will hold its spring meeting with the
church in Rocklin on Tuesday and Wednes
day, May 5 and 6. '
Present prospects of San Francisco for
securing the ! great ' international Conven
tion of the Christian Endeavor for 1897 are
very flattering.
POPULISTS CONVENE.
T. V. Cator Recommended as Their
Candidate for United States
, * Senator.
The Populists' County Convention for
the purpose of nominating delegates to the
State Convention, which meets at Sacra
mento May 12, came together at Mozart
Hall, 1358 Market street, last evening.
From the standpoint of ardor and great
expectations the meeting was a . rousin"
success. .;. .-_**;
In all twenty-nine delegates were elected.
Among them were the . following well
known professional and business men:
E. S. Barney, T. V. Cator, J. D. Thomp
son, Judge Harrison, A. W. Thompson,
Dr. G. W. Day wait, G. D. Gillespie, W. E.
Walker, T. X. Holcher, J. A. Anthony
John C. Gore, T. H. Porter and Carlton fi.
Johnson. ;•.:■.".
- Five of them were also elected as mem
bers of ; the State Central Committee and
to be ex-officio members of .the State Con
vention. Their names are George D. Gil
lespie, Carlton H. Johnson, J. D. Thomp
son, John C. Gore and T. H. Porter."'
The chairman of . the convention was U.
R. Lewis, and the secretary John R. Ruck
stell. •;._/, '.'.;*-■ :.■;■'.,;■■■.-...; .: --', <[■ ., -
A committee on platform was appointed,
consisting of T. V. Cator, Dr. George W.
Day wait, A. W. Thompson, Carlton H.
Johnson, . Burnett iG. Haskell and .J. D.
Thompson. ■ v- ': ■■-• •■ > ■■.: ■'- .-■
The platform adopted, in a general sense,
contained the following clauses :
.■'. (l) A reaffirmation of • the Omaha . plat
form ; (2) a hope for the j affiliation r . of all'
reform forces at St. Louis on the platform
embodying direct legislation and propor
tional representation ; (3) a recommenda
tion of T. V. Cator •as a candidate for
i United States Senator. r - >•.<:■.';
THE SAN FRANCISCO £ ALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS
Golden Gate Commandery Aiding j
the Masonic Home
Project.
GATHERING AT THE PAVILION.
The Templar • Exhibition Drill and
Ball a Social and Artistic
Success. *
7 ■ " . ■_ .
The Templar drill and ball, given by
Golden Gate Commandery at the Me
chanics' Pavilion last night was a success.
There were several thousand people pres
ent. It was a gathering of culture and
fashion.
The proceeds were donated to the fund
for the erection of a Masonic Widows' and
Orphans', home in Alameda County. It
is expected that the cornerstone of the
proposed building will be laid this coming
autumn. The 'Grand Lodge, subordinate
lodges, chapters, councils, commanderies
and other branches of Masonry have
joined in the establishment of this great
charity. And among the most active of
the organizations stands Golden Gate
Commandery. :£ss■£.- ;&7% ■
The programme of the fiesta last night
was most satisfactory. It included sev
eral selections by the band, a trombone
solo by F. R. Tobin and an address by
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger. He spoKe of the
good work which the Knights Templars
had accomplished and drew attention to
the latest charitable enterprise that had
been undertaken. 1^ ' : ,<•'-•
'♦The Masonic fraternity," said Dr.
Voorsanger, "is founded, not on glittering
uniforms and splendid trappings, but
upon the basis of the greatest of all reli
gion—the religion of humanity and char
ity. Thus Masonry has traveled down the
aces, exemplifying its principles at every
step." '■■,''-< -*"'". *' *_ _.
Three uniformed companies of Sir
Knights took part in the exhibition drill.
It was a pretty spectacle as the battalion
passed in review and the companies exe
cuted different figures. The organization
of the battalion was as follows:
In command, Charles H. Murphy, eminent
commander.
Adjutant, William Edwards, past commander.
Staff— C. L. Patton, captain-general; R. Ashe,
prelate; and Past Commanders James H.
Hatch, F. J. French, A. G. Booth, C. G. Young
and Frank Daiton.
Sergeant-Major, E. DeK. Townsend.
Standard guard— J. C. Campbell, sword
bearer; Thomas Kirkpatrick, standard bearer;
Alexander McKay, warder.
Band— First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C,
Charles H. Cassasa, director.
First commandery— F. W. Sumner, captain
general; J. R. Aitken, senior warden; R. Mc-
Millan, junior warden.
Second commandery — J. M. Peel, captain
general; William E. Lutz, senior warden; W.
D. Keyston, junior warden.
Third commandery— C. L. Field, captain
general; J. K. Firth, senior warden; W. C.
Stroud, junior warden.
New officer of the day, C. L. Patton.
Old officer of the day, C. Hell wig.
Officer of the guard, R. McMillan.
In command of guard details — Glllson,
J.R. Aitken, William E. Lutz, J. K. Firtn. ;
In command of pavilion and guard, Frank
Daiton. . . /
The programme of the drill was as fol
lows: ' 77.7'^ 7
The march, passing in review before R. E.
Sir T. H. Ward, grand commander of Califor
nia; exhibition drill by Golden Gate Com
mandery Drill Corps, R. E. Sir Frank W. Sum
ner, acting captain-general; guard mount, ad
jutant, Em. Sir William Edwards; sergeant
major, E. DeK. Townsend: new officer of the
day, C. L. Patton; old officer of the day, C. Hell
wig. .Formation of battalion; review to Em.
Sir Charles H. Murphy, commander of Golaen
Gate Commandery No. Id, Knights Templar;
dress parade. : ." :■ vi;*''
Dancing filled out the remainder of tbe
evening, which was most enjoyabLy passed
by the large assembly.
DEFICIT IN HEALTH FUNDS
The Present Administration Will
Be Several Thousands
Short.
A Dearth of Money in the Department
for the First Time in Years
Past.
The present Board of Health bids fair to
be the most expensive one that the tax
payers of San Francisco have supported
for many years past, and leaving aside all
demands for expenses, outside of salaries,
the board is sure to find a deficit of over
$5000 staring itself in the face for the pres
ent fiscal year. '" . .' . "-
The Board of Health is allowed $29,900
per year to conduct .its department, di
vided as follows: Health office salaries.
$18,000; Health office expenses, : $5000;
Health Officer, $3000; City cemetery, $900;
City Physician, $1800; Assistant City Phy
sician, $1200.
Auditor Broderick has already audited
bills up to April 1 of $24,495, leaving but
$5405 in the department funds, , and the
April demands, amounting to $3548, are
now in his hands and awaiting his signa
ture. Should he audit them the; April
bills will eat up all but $1857 of the $29,900
appropriated for the department, and this
small sum must carry , the department
on until' the new : fiscal , year, which be
gins on July 1. „'*,'
As the matter now stands the deficit is
sure to amount to $5239, leaving aside all
expenses outside of salaries.
Comparison with the financial records
of previous Boards of Health shows the
present board up in rather a dubious light.
For years past the appropriation made by
the Board of Supervisors has been about
the same, and the health authoiities have
managed to keep within it, or so nearly so
that the difference in income and expense
has been very small. -
For the fiscal year 1894-95 the board had
an appropriation of $29,900, and managed
to get along with $29,233, leaving a sur
plus for its successors of $667. With the
advent of the present board the economical
manner of conducting the Health Depart
ment underwent a change. =. , :
"Within the past few months political
positions which entail an expense of $350
per month were created and other large
expenses were Incurred ! which have ser
iouslyl undermined the finances of the de
partment. Among the latter were the bills
of Professors Hilgard and Rising of the
university for the analysis of Spring Val
ley water during the recent investigation.
Each of these- scientists charged the
board $100 for his few days' " work. ■ Then
fine furniture, cabinets, desks, etc., were
added to the paraphernalia of I the office,
the ■■. bills - amounting to several hundred
dollars. Bills of all kinds whicn were not
thought of by ' the previous boards were
passed without question, and the result. is
a deficit that will be hard to bridge over.
Ben Napthaly Arrested. ■
Attorney Ben P. Napthaly was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging him
with obtaining money by false pretenses. The
complaining ; witness is Lulu ; Holland. She
was arrested a- few ' days ago and put up $25
cash ball. Judge Low fined her $5, and when
she went Ito Clerk Sullivan to get the $20, the
balance of her bail money, ■ she " found _ that
Napthaly j had I previously presented an order
for the money purporting to come | from her
and had got it. . She denied ' giving him any
such order and swore out a warrant for his
arrest.":" ''--• : ;--': ; '-''"--'-'- .-<"■•"■ :>-/■—-.-; ■.._-.=; -
X DRESSES AND SKIRTS
A Ready-to-wear Garments are a
JL leading feature of our stock. The
Q Skirts and Suits we sell are
q carefully made and guaranteed
JL to fit In every way. As a labor
Q And time saver this department
A should commend itself to every
V - lady within hearing. - t Our stock
y of ready-made Garments is very
Q large and our facilities for
V MADE TO ORDER unsurpassed.
V 'To emphasize our leadership
q in this line we call attention to
X these items :
V Figured $B.os Each
jr They are made of brilliant Silk-fin -
Q ished Black Alpacas, with medium size
T figured designs, cut very full, rippling
Q all around and lined all through with
T - ' rustle percaline. - ,'...^
9 Fancy Dress Skirts. ;
jr We have just received a manufactur-
Q er *s line of Sample Skirts, Including
tt smooth and rough merges ln black and
Q navy blue; Rough Surface Boucles in
jr black and colors Plain, Brocaded and
O Jacquard Alpacas; Plain Duchesse
T Satin; Brocaded Black Silks; Black
Q Velours ana Velvets ; All-wool Mcl-
V tons and Coverts ; Black Crepons in
Q various designs; Fancy Plaids and
*** many other styles. They are all cut In
Q the latest full, flaring shapes and lined
X throughout. The prices range from
Q $2 50 to $ 25 apiece. At $5 to ¥12
jr : •' aDlece the variety is particularly good.
$ Ladies' Novelty Suits, $12.50 Each
JL The new ' style Blazer Jackets, with
0 open roll shawl, collars and revers,
1 . new style sleeves, with turned-Over
O cuffs. The Jackets are lined with silk
I and trimmed with small gilt buttons.
0 ■ Th« skirts are cut very full and lined
1 with rustle percaline. Eight different
0 colors. Including Plain Black and
1 Navy-blue Serges and All-wool Scotch
O : > Cheviot Mixtures.
9 Stanley Shirt Waists, 75c Each.
V* Another lot of these favorite Waists in
A fancy striped, checked and: plain fast
Vr* color percales, stiff collars and cuffs,
A regular dollar values.
X OUR MILLINERY
Q Is being quoted everywhere and by
jr every one. It is seen at the theaters,
Q the churches, the concerts, on the
jr boulevards and at all the social gath-
Q erings. To say that your hat or bon-
""* net came from us is to immediately
Q convey the idea that you are stylish,
V . have taste and are "up to date" In
Q dress. Our Trimmed Pattern Hats this
jf . season are perfect dreams. Our New
Q Flower Hats for $5, $7 50 and $10 look
jr like Parisian models- Those prices are
Q our special leaders this season, and
V we are positively turnine out hats
Q worth double the price at those figures.
jf Come and see what our Millinery is
Q like under the new management.
T
X IN LADIES' UNDERWEAR
i - We are offering a special value in La-
V/ dies' Bibbed Undervests and Drawers
Jv . at 50c apiece. ' They are made of the
y best Egyptian maco cotton yarn and
A- finished with pearl buttons, all sizes.
(X>OO<K>O<KKKKK>
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market was weak yesterday and the best
prices were generally below' those of Friday. A
glance at the table of prices below will show a
shrinkage in values all along the line during the
past week, though there were several rallies in the
interval.' "'. '■--:-■'■
On the Bond Exchange values , were lower in the
powder stocks, Giant declining to $25*4 and
Vigorlt from $1 to 85c; San Francisco Gas fell
to $9214 and Edison to $117 bid, $118 asked.
The Challenge Con. assessment falls delinquent
Id the board to-morrow. 7:7;: 77''r[i .'.77. '„'? ._ .';
The weekly report from the Con. Cal. A Va. Is
as follows: 1650 level— Have been making some
necessary repairs and easing timbers ln south drift
on ninth floor, first floor above sill floor of this
level. East crosscut started from this south drift,
at a point 60 feet north from an east line from Con.
Virginia shaft, has been advanced 20 feet; total
length 91 feet, and connected with our stope work
on sixteenth floor from 1750 level. From four
teenth to twentieth floor, at north end of stopes ln
old ground of former workings. and from the north
west drift upraise on east side of ledge, have ex
tracted during the week 147 tons of ore, average
assay value of which, per samples taken from cars
in mine, was $46 80. in working southwest from
above mentioned upraise, on ninth, tenth and
eleventh floors above sill floor, have followed
streaks of ore about two and three feet In width,'
assaying from $26 to $30 per ton.
1600 level— ln working out to southwest and up
ward from east crosscut run from top of upraise
(23 feet above sill floor of this level), at point 230
feet south of north boundary line of .mine, are fol
lowing narrow streaks of ore and fillings, i
Have extracted from these openings six tons of
ore assn, ing $19 37 per ton.
100 0 level— crosscut 2, started at point in
north drift 650 feet north from Con. Va. shaft sta
tion, has been advanced 29 feet; total length 209
feet, passing througn porphyry and clay I seams.
The face of crosscut is in porphyry and clay.
Total extraction of ore for the week amounted to
153 tons, average assay value of which, per sam
ples taken from cars when raised to surface, was
$47 32 per ton. .-,■■....
Have shipped to Morgan mill CO7 tons of ore,
assaying per railroad car samples $50 14 per ton.
The average assay value per oattery samples of
all ore worked at tbat mill during the week (680
tons) was $44 53 per ton.
The Con. Cal. <_ Va. and Belcher delinquent as
sessment sales will be held on Tuesday. '
Folio ing Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Past Week.
Alpha
Alia ....
Andes ......
Belcher
A Belcher..
•
ion
rer..
lonla ......
lenge
iar....,
CaLdt Va..
Idence
.-n Point....
d & Curry.
1.75
I. 1
09
08
26
4*4
BO
49
12
30
03
23
89
1.70
68
27
38
1.16
82
IVS
1.15
10
1.35
23
528
15
60
61
04
31
&
juexicaa ..
M0n0........
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental.......
Potosl
5ava5e. .........
Beg. Belcher....
Sierra Nevada..
Uni0n............
Utah ...........
Yellow Jacket..
BOARD SALES.
- Following were the' tales in th* San Frana-MO ;
Stocc Board yesterday; • ,1
BXSU-AB MOBSINB SESSION fOU-RXCISII 9:30.
60 BA 8....60100Cha11ge...251000cc1d...1.30
800 Bodie 47100Ch011ar...59200 HNev....60
600 8u1wer... 301100 Mexican.. S2ilOO Uni0n.... 60
600 Caled 03400 0cc1cU!.. 1.35,200 51
following were* tne *ai_. in th- racltl- Stock
Board yesterday: ; •.
BXGtr_AB session— lo:3o. !
400 Alpha 08100 Confl-r...73 200 Occidl.32V_
300 A1ta.„....07 100 1mp.. ...01 1600 ...... 1.35
200 Ande5.. ..27 100 .......... .02 160 Ophlrl.l7*_
200 8e1cher.. .43 200 Crwn Pt„.2H'3oO Ovrmn... . 10
300 BAB ...... 60100 Exc_qr...U3|4oo Potoii 22
200 ........... 51 300 a A C 35 600 Savage... .26
500 Bodie. 48150 HAN 1.17 V. 600 Scorpion..o3
1500 Bullion.. 12 500 Julia ...04 900 58AM....15
100 8u1wer.... 30 300 Justice... .o6 4oo 9 Nev...-60
100 ............31 200 Kentuck..o3 '00 5U HU1....02
600 C_l_-.a-....03 400 Mexican..:'. 300 Union C...60
800 Cha11n_...24 800 ...........3) 600 Utah ...... 04
6 00 Chollar„..Sß 200 Mono 400 If JaCK-t..53
CCV-.1.07"_
SEW TO-DAY- GOODS* .
00<>0<X><XX><K><K>^^
I THE BEST ATTRACTIONS I
£ A store can have are New Goods of Fine Quality in large 3
£ assortments at Low Prices. That's our method. It's the a
C reason our store is the favorite trading place of the sensible 3
C and economically inclined. Only the good is worth the 3
C buying trash is dear at any price. Novelty and value is the 3
jo order of the day with us. That's what brings the customers 3
, and keeps our large force ever busy. It no doubt seems 3
2 strange to hear us shouting BARGAINS with the season only 3
jo just under way, but the great amount of inclement weather 3
jo has left goods on our shelves that should have been sold 3
C weeks ago, and we are naming prices to move them quickly. 3
NEW WASH GOODS. JACKETS AM CAPES.
Not a new weave, not a new style, not a new Not a style that you pay $10 for elsewhere
material made this season but what it is rep- that you can't get of us for a couple of dollars
.l^l^^^S^SS^.^ Sn^ran h^ cie in I g\^u 8 ;oi e u_. rOPOnion *
NEW ARRIVALS— At 20c a Yard. SPECIAL VALUES AT $6.00 EACH.
g^^^^Sf^SSS LADIES' Mad t% of Hfe _ T^ j^'W Dia^
dies in Dresden and Persian designs; Co_ea DOUBLE ■ «?ift ,%S__2i fI SSJ?_ e at the necTj
Ground Dotted Swisses in shkdes of light /Wi.™ specially designed for old ladios
blue, heliotrope, maize and the flvc-rUe CAPES. ffi __£? a neat ' elegant wrap *
linen color. v sizes.
NEW FANCY CREPONS — 15e Yard. ™ '* .w^^^ffi^
_-._..  _. . ___.__-__. _ I'll I shade, box front and back, with
The bright Dresden and Floral colorings and lUll very full sleeves, velvet collar
patterns brought out in a crinkly surfaced 1 1 ft PTC and large fancy buttons on
cloth, making it resemble a rainbow, re- JAvULII,, front.
fleeted on a rippling sea. The handsomest
material for waists this season. t inype? . Made of Black Kersey Cloth, cut'
'-.*':, " Lil-___t. in military shape, 24 inches long,
FANCY CHALUES-At 10c a Yard. SINGLE i^ __•___*-_____*
Handsome designs in Dark-colored Grounds, CAPES. ?3 ___. for .hose
splendid for wrappers and house gowns. v - ofqufet tes°e deffig a gain
wrap. .-
FANCY GINGHAMS At 5C a Yard. I I TIM' Made of an elegant Clay Worsted
About 50 pieces of American Dress and S __S3 i %«^__S«. 5S_
Apron Ginghams in assorted styles. BLACK ?t-^» i_** , -_ h _i r __J ippl ? ba ? 'eW
- uuaxiwk style large sleeves, front orna-
-._„-„ _ ...«,_,._ . -_. _ ... mented with four large, handsome
FRENCH FLAMELS— At 35c a Yard. mKm -
The very best quality, such is usually sold ,  -. *___Sb i _i.ffi I _?__; r _- , .- hi
at a yard. About '20 pieces of them in LADItS xfS__n rt ?i. <« O », J? ,er ' W * ght
difterent colors and_handsome patterns. Jg"™ g-%2% W A^e^Sr
__«« _.-_.-.. ...~ . a_ -- V "V. UMVOllli and top cape elaborately embroi-
LACE CURTAINS-At $1.00 a Pair. CAPES. aa„i nd ThW_ m _SoS t VSSJ
Nottingham Lace, in corn or white, full 45 twenty styles at this price, '
inches wide, value at $1 50. • V;,_:
IRISH POINT CURTAINS-At $2 Pair irn CHILDREN'S JANETS.
_ _ .-, ;• ■ ■ ,______., _____ ■ IT A special line of Reefers with six-
Deep Cream Shade, in the lovely Empire Hi button double-breasted front
styles, that can be produced only in this rf>a pa which can be also worn as a
kind of hangings. »p_.UV. shield front; ripple backs; made
;'•.:"::- of fancy tan mixed cloths, all
Chenille Portieres— At $2.25 a Pair. . SS 4 to 14 years at the
All colors, full length, with double knotted
fringes top and bottom, handsome dadoes in We carry a most complete line of Children's
contrasting shades, worth $3 50. Jackets and Capes from $1 to sls apiece.
We want all our friends in the interior to have a copy of our
New Spring and Summer Catalogue. If you haven't received one yet
send us your name and address. They're sent FREE OF CHARGE.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 25-12 st.
S>d.Atked.\ Hid. At kid.
Alpha C0n..... 08 09 Jackson.... .._, 40 —
Alia ...... 07 08Jnlia.. 04 05
Andes _. 26 27 Justice -... 04 05
Belcher 42 43 BentucK. ...... — 04
Best A Belches, 50 61 Lady Wash.... — 05
Bodie ...... 47 : Mexican _ 30 32
Bullion.. ._.._, 12 14 M0n0. ......... 12 —
8u1wer........ '"0 31 Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia 03 04' Occidental 1.30 1.36
Challenge Con. 23 24|Ophir 1.16 1.20
Choliar 38 39 Overman ...... 09 11
Con. Cat J. Vs. 1.05 1.70 Polos. _. 22 23
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Havrge.. ....... 27 28
Confidence. .... 68 — _ eg. Belcher... 14 15
Con.New Yore — 04 Sierra Nevada. 68 59
Crown Point... 27 28 5c0rpi0n....... 02 —
Eas'&ierraJSe*. — 04 Silver -1111..... 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 04 Syndicate...... 02 03
Eureka C 00,... — 26 Union C0n..... 48 60
Gould A Curry. 36 36 Utah . 04 05
tt.Ue-.-<orcr4.Ll& 1.20 YeUow Jacket. 31 33
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Champion 1 Lockwood Con.
Bid.. 20-00800 34
600 Grant..-. 25 100 Savannah. 43
250 24500 44
Kennedy....... 100 ...i..; '45
Asked..... ....13 00 700 Webastopol. 70
Keystone....... ■>' . Thorpe
Bid... 65 00 Bid 70
200 Lockwood Con.. 35 Asked... 79
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATUECAV, April -10:30 A. if.
PN-TKD STATE* BOX
'' : *:.:. Sid. Atked.] :;''■"''_.•_, __•**!.
c f-4eeonp.. 10834 _ **__■.___.... — 109
Do, new 15... 118 — |
_JIHCK_I.AXKOUS HWOI
Cal-stCbless.llli»4ll3 I Do. 2d las 6s. — —
CalElpcL.Cs.l2o — P_.ORy6s.los 120
CntraCWßs. 97V.J00 P_.__.Rv__ — 107*_
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 " Pwl-st. Kites. — 116y a
E_«.i!__P 68.120 125 . Reno. WlxfcJ. — 105
F&CHRR6-. — 105V_ RlverW Cods — 100
Ue*nr_tßss. 102 104 ISactoP A L..100 102%
Lo.A_g._Bs. - 108 _F*.NPKRBsIO_ 103
Do.Gntod.6s. - 103 bPRKAri_6_ 94 96
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - 6PRRCaI__. 108 V. 11l
DoKyCons_..lo6 106"_ SP.UtCalOs- - -— •
"Ne-CNgR7s. 95 — 6i'BrßCal6s. 97 a/4, 98 Va
X PCKR65.1073.4 — SVWater6_..ll9 rjOV-
Cal 6a. 101 — 6VWater4_... 100V_100V_
KKyCalSi. - — Stkini'__E6i — 101
Oak Gas 55. . 100 104 . _ SunstTJ_T__ 100 —
Do. 2d las 6s. 103 — _utter-stR6_.HO —
Omnibus 65.. 119 — . VisaliaWCtM — 9*
PacKollMOa. - _ _
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cost* 39% 42 San J05e..... 75 100
Marin C 0.... 50 .52 (Spring Valley _100i_
TAB STOCK*. *
Capital _ 40 l Pacific Light. 46 —
Central...... 99 — Ban -rancsco 91% 92*i_
OakGLAH. 62% 53V_ Stockton..... — 21*4
tacUaalmifc 34% - I
• '■■■.' INBUJtANCK ITOCK".
F_-mansFd.l7o — |Sun 43 —
. COM-ItSCIA. BANK STOCK*.
AmcrH.tTC. — — ILondonPAA. 128 -SO
Anglo-Cal... 61 69 LondonASF. — 27*_
Bank of CaL.236V_240 iMeroh Ex-.. 1. —
CaISBATCo- 54 65V_|Nevada — —
FirstKaUoaL 178 182 Valßather BO*.— —
Grangers.... — ".-. — |
BAVINOS BANK STOCK*.
GerSALCo..I42S — Bay A Loan.. :■'—'■ 101
HumbSAL.IIUO 1450 Security - 260
Mutual 37V_ 40 Union Trust. 726 810
__" SavUnlon — (90
KAILROAT) STOCK*.
California.. ..IG9%IIOV_Oak,SLAH*y — 100
Ueary-st 60 7' Va Presidio...— 7 9
Market-st..- 44s/ 8 45 jsutter-5u.... — —
HftfHMD- BTOCK". ...
Atlantic D... 16 - — IJudson -, — —
Eastern D... — 90 Giant......... 25 26"_
California.... 90 — 'Vigont. ...„ 75c 90c
' . • ; -.IBCXIT-ANKOPS »Tr>CK<U
Alaska Pkrs. 94 y_ 95*-:. OceanicSSCo 26V_ —
BlkDCoalCo. . — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 - .
CaICotMUU. >-.-;*—'. Pac Borax.- 9. 100
CalDrvDock. — — LAN Co. — 80
Edison Light. 117 113 Pac Roll Mill 27*/ aBB
GasCon Assn. .— .--..■ ParfPalntCot 6V_ 7*4
GerLeadCo. 85 100 iPacTransOo. — . ,2*
HawCASCa. *20 20V4 PacT *55 • 70
HntchSPCo- 23 " 2SV_ennsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — _. lui;«ai-_. — 26
MerExA«3nloO 110 7| •
•.' *\f:-.' BALKS— UOI.XI.XO SESSION. ,
v " Board— ' ■ -
20 Alaska Packers* Association.. 95 00
150 Contra Costa Water........*;......... 40 00 . :
220 Giant Powder Con... ;.....: 25 60'"
100 Oakland Ga5....... 63 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp. 84 60
105 -' do ' do '." ....: 84 76 7.
:..-. 6 SFGasliKht:.;...-.. 9- 12* A
6 do do ...........;'. 9- 26-.-^
60 V Water .....................:....: 100 25 -V
• 5 do do :..:......;............. 100 12V_
100 Vigorlt P0wder......................... 100 *
800 '•■•; do ; do ■;■-■■: .... — 95 A;.
100 "5 do -do 90
200 ;do do . ..............; • 85
'...' Street— "' :■.-*..-'■--..•..
fSOOOS V 4% Bonds ........ .....V.. .....100 37%
, ; ■ "■""■'■ '" : [7 7- [-7-7 ■• V----- 7 ■■; .
ABANDONED ROADS.
Richmond District People Will Seek to
Forfeit Market- Street Company
Franchises.
It is the purpose of the people of Rich
mond, through the two improvement
clubs, to demand of the Board of Super
visors that the Market-street company run
a regular schedule on several roads in the
district long unused or take up the rails,
which now serve only to obstruct the
streets. . '.V ■ : ;'- iy;
The particular fight will be made against
the road running from California avenue
down Seventh to the park. This line was
practically abandoned eighteen months
ago. At that time the Market-street com
pany inaugurated a once-a-week schedule —
a car each way on Sunday.
This was kept up until tux months ago,
when even this makeshift was abandoned.
The starting of Sutro's road seems to have
inspired this action. At least such is the
prevailing idea in Richmond, where the
residents contend that their avowed friend
liness to the new electric line has
prompted Mr. Vining to inconvenience
them as much as possible. There are
some who think— among them being T. G.
Parker— that the absolute abandonment of
the Seventh-avenue line at this time is a
move on the part of the Market-street
company to avoid paying taxes on
the franchise from Point Lobos avenue to
B street. Mr. Parker says .the company
did the same thing some years ago in the
matter of the Point Lobos road.
The petition requesting the Board of
Supervisors to declare the Seventh-avenue
franchise forfeited will be prepared the
coming week. After that the fight on the
other abandoned lines will commence.
A GLUT OF SILK.
No Less Than 60,000 Bales Now at
Yokohama, the World's Biggest
Silk Market.
Tame Matsmoto of Tokio, who is at the
Occidental, says there has been ; a tre
mendous glut in the silk market in Japan
lately. Because of this mere has been a
dullness in business all over the Mikado's
realm. • ' . ' 7:77 : > :
"It was . bright up to the , time this
came," he said. "Yokohama, which is
the great Bilk headquarters of the world,
had at one time 60,000 Dales of silk there
an.d couldn't get it away. That is an
enormous amount of silk. \ The market
was glutted and nothing could be done
Since then it has got started out a little
but not much. It is yet ! dull. I think
things will open up soon and then it will
be more prosperous there.
"Numerous new enterprises are under
way in Japan. A number of iron foun
dries and spinning machines have lately
been put in. No, foreigners are not doing
any of this. They would not be allowed
According tortbe constitution nobody but
the Japanese themselves may engage in
such enterprises." ... . • *-*™
K. U ? no » an extensive tea exporter of
Chizuoka 'the great tea center of Japan, is
with Mr. ; Matsmoto. The Chizuoka pro
duces two-fifths of all* the tea exported.
They are en route to New York and Lon
don.
THE PARIS SALON.
A. Altman Is the Only California Artist
. Who Will Exhibit This Year.
Although 7 there are jat least a dozen
California artists in Paris at the present
time, only one will exhibit at .- the Salon,
which opens in a few: days. His name is
Aaron Altman, and he left this City three
years ago after • finishing ' a two years',;
coarse at the Art Institute. ,
.;; In a ; letter, to his father telling of ; his
good fortune Mr. Altman only briefly men
K>-oh6-<>O<XX^
DRESS GOODS AND SILKS
Are coining in for a great deal of
special attention just now. We
prepared for the season's de-
mand in a most elaborate way
brought out goods that for ele-
gance, tone and exclusiveness
could not be surpassed any-
where, price considered. We
did not tack on a little extra
profit on that account. We cater
to the masses, the great major-,
ity who pay CASH for their pur-
chases, and name very low
prices on that account.
Novelty Dress Patterns.
• For the coming week we will make a
specialty of Imported Dress patterns in
all the rich colorings and materials
brought out this season. .We cannot
give descriptions, for in many cases
there is but one of a kind. The prices
will range from $5 to $-"0 apiece, and
at such price you will be more than
surprised at the value we are offering.
Novelties by the Yard, 45c.
Fifty pieces of new, elegant styles just-
received. Silk and Wool Imported
Novelties, Scotch Cheviots, Luster Mo-
hairs ana other styles in all colors
among tnem. Regular 75c values at
any other price or place.
Black Crepons, 50c a Yard.
Ten new pieces just received—
different styles, momie, striped and
,• checked. Wide, eiegant lustrous
goods, worth at least $1 a yard. They
are particularly good for separate
Dress Skirts.
Fancy Silks at 50c a Yard.
Dresden and Pompadour Silks in ex-
quisite colorings and designs, all pure
silk, reversible patterns, alike on both
sides. Just the thing for fancy waists
and trimmings. . ,v. ? ,' -^
Fancy Silks at 62_c a Yard.
Dresden and Pompadour Silks in light
and dark colors, with self color and
contrasting satin stripes. Extra wide
and worth $1 a yard.
Fancy Silks at 75c a Yard.
Fancy French Taffetas, . in colors suit-
able for street and evening toilettes, a
• new line just to hand; extra heavy
weight and particularly bright and
. shimmery. ' The most delicate color
combinations.
Fancy Silks at $1.00 a Yard.
Our leading feature this season. We
have paid particular attention to
Fancy Silks at $1, and you can flnd
with us all the exquisite Persians,
Dresdens, Empires, Moresques, Pom-
padours, Stripes and Figures and other
printed warp effects at this price that
are usually found in the $150 and
$1 25 lines in other places. We show
over a hundred different styles and
colors at this price. Everything suit-
able for waists, dress fronts, hat
crowns, trimmings, fancy work and
full costumes will be found at this
price.
Black Brocades at 75c a Yard.
Not the Fancy Indias nor the Swiss
Taffetas, but elegant heavy Gros de
Londres in the rich large and small
Jacquards so popular for separate
skirts. They are shown around the
- city at $1 a yard, but we are making a
special run on them at 75c a yard. , ■ ':"
• \ ■
tions his work. He states that one of the
accepted pictures is "A Landscape" and
tne other "An Italian Woman." But he
also states that his masters, Paul Laurens
and Benjamin Constant, declared them to
be pieces of excellent work. He also
showed them to Gerome, and the great
painter said they were deserving of much
credit. " f 7[7. 'V'. 1
Mr. Altman's worfc in the Art School
here was always considered of? a high
order. The year before his departure he
received the gold medal . for drawing from
life. His color work was always strong
and rich, with a certdin picturesque qual
ity that showed a thorough comprehen
sion of the subject treated. He was al
ways a conscientious student, and to that
is undoubtedly largely due his present
great success. v *7. :
Women Walk Over Ice Wastes.
George Eckor of the State Harbor Police has
returned here after three months at Juneau,
Alaska, where he says everything is booming.
Mr. Ecker tells that Fred Berry, who had macla
quite a stake in Alaska, returned to Fresno re
cently and married an attractive young lady
there. They, returned to Alaska, and Mrs.
Berry and another lady, accompanied by Mr.
Berry, started on a walk over the ice ol over
1500 miles to the gold fields on the tributaries
of the Yukon. They had not been heard from
for several weeks, but people hope they will
get through all right.
The ear is divided by anatomists into the
external, the middle and the internal.
hew to-day:
GRAND EXCURSION
—TO—
Auction Sale!
AT SAN MATEO,
BY THE SAN MATEO LAND ASSOCIATION,
ON ■ SATURDAY. MAY 2,
. At 11 O'Clock A. M. 7-;~%i
255 Choice Suburban • Residence
Lots and Villa Sites.
■\'___o_r— - 7
San Mateo Heights
.The Most Beautiful Kesldence Portion
of the Growing
CITY OF SAN MATEO.
The streets are graded, the sidewalks
curbed, trees ■: and : palms planted. A
modern sanitary sewerage system has
just been completed. Water-mains are
now being laid and electric-light wires
put up.
Improvements Complete and Up to Date.
LARGE LOTS,
50 to 200 It. Frontage, 150 to 225 ft. Deep.
Terms of Sale: Fourth Cash.
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 Years. \
A deposit of 10 per cent will be required at the
sale and the remainder of cash payment within
thirty days thereafter. Interest at 8 per cent. "
REMEMBER THE DATE!
SATURDAY, HAY 2, 1896.
AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.
. Special train will leave San Francisco from
depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, at 10
o'clock a. it. Returning, wil leave San Mateo at
4:30 p. m. | Fare, Han Francisco to San Mateo and
return. 60c. Tic-Tew for sale by William Butter-
field, second floor, Crocker Building, and on morn-
ing of May 2at depot. For full particulars, maps,
etc., address office at •..'.. - .'■. -... 7.
■ SS^- 3 ??*.* 50 tßtid Association, or
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD, Auction-
eer, second ;; .floor, Crocker Building,
San Francisco.4l^--___ttb'
SUNDAY APRIL 26, 1896
AMUSEMENTS. V
Baldwin eater "A Parisian Romance,
to-morrow night.
California Theater— "The Politician."
Columbia Theater— "A Pair of Kids." Mon-
day evening, Kivarde.
Morosco's Ofkka-Ho-be— "Special Delivery."
1 rvoi i Opera-Hocsk.— --Bine Beard."
Onri'KiM— Vaudeville.
trover's AicA/AK.-'Kverybodv'i Friend"
and "'The Setting- Sun.."
The Auditor*--.— Corner of Jones and Eddy
■•treets— Prof. D. M. Bristoll _ Eques-Curriculum,
to-morrow night.
Golden Gate Hall.- Concert tendered to Mrs.
Carmichael-Carr, Thursday evening. April 30.
Bosk Show— At Palace Hotel (Maple and Mar-
ble Halls), Thursday. April 30.
Y.M. C. A. Auditorium, corner Mason and Ellis
sts.— Miss Pearl Ladd. the wonaerful child pianist,
Wednesday evening, April __.
Macdonough Theater (Oakland)— Peter F.
Dailey in "The Night Clerk" to-morrow night.
Kivarde. the great Spanish violinist, next Wed-
nesday evening.
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.—
exhibition of Paintings.
Sutro Coney Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
Hay wards Park— Hay wards— Choice Musical
Programme every Sunday.
Goi-DJCK Gate Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
Bay District Track— Kaces to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
El Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By __. H. Burd— Mondav, April 27, furniture, at
1305 Golden Gate aye., at 11 o'clock.
By J. C. Mi-thkr— Monday, April 27, restaur-
ant.at 733 Market St., at '_' o'clock.
By Frank Butterfield— Wednesday, April
29, furniture, at 703 Sutter st.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Novato Is to have a new Presbyterian church.
Rev. Dr. Dille has dedicated a new M. E.
church in Honolulu.
The weather predictions for to-day are: Fair,
brisk, westerly winds.
The Socialist Labor party will carry the red
banner in its Mayday parade.
There will be a grand rose show at the
Palace Hotel on April 30, May 1 and 2.
The Transcontinental Passenger Association
Is announced to meet in this City on May 13.
John T. Flynn was held for the murder ot the
Browning baby by a Coroner's jury yesterday.
Julian Pinto is in danger of contempt of
court for inciting a client to evade summons.
Auditor Broderick figures that the Health
Department funds for the present fiscal year
will be over $5000 short.
Dr. Brown announced last night that he
would preach at the First Church to-day. He
has not yet selected his text.
The Folsom-street electric line will be in ope
ration from the ferry to Precita avenue, near
Twenty-ninth street, in four weeks.
It is expected that the work of converting
the steam line now running south of the
park to the beach will shortly be commenced.
The New York yacht Coronet and the pilot
boat Bonita had a brush from the Heads to the
Farallones yesterday. The Bonita held her
own.
The Wright residence, 420 Leavenworth
street, was entered by burglars and about
$1000 worth of jewelry and other articles
stolen.
The German Lutheran Evangelical Congre
gation will dedicate its new church, on How
ard street, between Tenth and Eleventh, this
morning.
William Moy and Elmer Thomas, two boys,
were booked at the City Prison yesterday for
breaking into an empty house and stealing the
lead pipe.
Judge Bahrs has publicly vindicated Hiram
T. Graves, A.L. Jenkins and Charles Montgom
ery, the tnree accused directors of the People's
Home Bank.
The police are still in the dark as to who left
the murdered babe in St. Francis Church, and
the case bids fair to excel that of Baby Brown
ing in mystery.. . :-, "
Catch 'Em, Service, imp. Miss Brummel. Ro- |
wena* B, Colonel Weightman, All Over and
Summertime captured races at the Bay Dis- |
met yesterday.
Horace Fletcher, an old-time resident of San
Francisco and the author of a popular work on
menticulture, is visiting the City after an ab
sence of ten years.
The Corinthian Yacht Club opened the sea
son yesterday with a reception to its lady
friends in the afternoon and a jinks at night,
in its house at Tiburon.
The new propeller put in the tug Reliance
has proved a great success. More revolutions
have been secured, and the vessel can be
stopped in her own length.
Lulu Marquardt, 16 years of age, who ran
away from her home in Benicia about three
months ago, was arrested yesterday morning
and taken to the City Prison.
The laborers to whom wages were due for
work on the San Francisco and San Mateo
electric line have been paid, excepting a few,
whose money is in readiness for them.
Under the provisions of paragraph No. 72,
Army .Regulations, several well-known officers
of the Fifth Artillery and First Infantry, U. S.
A., are to be retired for physical disability.
Martin J. Cafferty, who brutally beat his son
lan Monday night, took an oatn before Judge
Low yesterday to abstain from liquor for ten
years and the Judge dismissed the case against
him. - _.•._;....'■;; . 7.?.-i
The widow of Dr. George Gerlach is suing
Dr. Leo Ilodgers for possession of some surgical
instrument- in Rodgers' possession, which she
claims belongs to her husband's estate. The
property is valued at $800. ' : "~7~ '
The game of ball between the University
Club nicked nine and the Berkeleys for charity
took place at Central Park yesterday after
noon. Berkeley won by a score of 9 to 2.
There was a good attendance.
Julius Kahn has brought suit to enjoin the
Election Commissioners from purchasing
ballot paper for next November. The object of
the suit is to test the law which provides that
municipal officers shall hold office for lour
years.
Some discontent is noticeable among hotel
men on account of a system of assessment in
augurated by a committee of the Hotel Men's
Association of California in order to raise
funds for the entertainment of their Eastern
visitors. .•;".'.: - v
A stranger in town was employed last
Wednesday to drive the one-horse '"'bobtail"
car that holds a franchise on several lines
downtown by going over the tracks once a
day. He forgot his route and after wandering
ali over town on the connecting rails found
himself in the Potrero at night.
On Jurie 1 the South Pacific Coast and the
coast divisions of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company are to be consolidated, with
Superintendent Frazier, now of he Coast di
vision, in charze. Superintendent L. Fillmore
of the South Pacific Coast has tendered his
resignation, and will retire from railroading
altogether. So change in the service of either
line is contemplated.
A Special Night With Young Men.
The fifth open night under the auspices of
the forward movement committee of the
Young Men's Christian Association will take
place at the association auditorium next
Thursday evening, April 30, at 8 o'clock. The
following persons will participate in the pro
gramme: Plymouth quartet, male voices; Dr.
T. L. Hill, humorist; J. A. Fogarty, barytone
soloist. There will be short addresses, gymna
sium classwork and other exceedingly inter
esting, attractions. Tickets complimentary to
all young men may be secured from members
of the association or at the general office.
Mason and Ellis streets. No tickets will be sold.
To Define a Trust.
The trustees of the estate of A. C. Whitcomb
are suing to have the trust in their hands de
fined by the court. Jerome B. Lincoln, the
original trustee, died on February 23, 18_»b\
He appointed as his successors Winfleld D.
Jones Jerome B. Lincoln Jr. and James A.
Otis. As Lincoln's death was quite snaden
there was not time to settle his accounts, and
so his successors wish the courts to do so and
define exactly the amount of the trust they
have taken. The Whitcomb estate amounts to
nearly $4,000,000.
Insurance Clerks' Banquet.
The Fire Underwriters Clerks' Association
held its fifth annual banquet last evening at a
well-known restaurant. Nearly forty _ persons
were present. After a long evening spent over
the good things of, the table, the young men
completed their celebration at a late hour with
the installation of the following officers to
servo for .the ensuing year: A. C. Thornton,
president; H. M. Thompson, vice-president; J.
6. French, secretary; and H. P. Blanchard,
treasurer. .--; >-; -"■;
THE OLD BEER
WAR AGAIN ON.
Union Workmen to Renew
Their Fight With the.
Brewers.
COULD NOT BE SETTLED.
Overtures of Peace to the Asso
ciation Were Entirely
Ignored.
IT IS A FIGHT TO THE END.
A Call to Be Made Upon the Building
Trades to Assist the Brewery
Workmen.
At a meeting of the Brewery Workmen's
Union of San Francisco last evening
at 1159 Mission street steps were taken
that will set in motion another bitter right
between the union workmen and the pro
prietors of the breweries. This light may
not extend to all the breweries, for there
are a number in and outside the Brewers'
Protective Association who are not unfav
orable to the union.
The present hostile attitude of the union
workmen is due to the fact that recently
overtures have been made to the bosses in
the association that the members did not
receive in the spirit in which the mani
festations of friendship were extended.
At the meeting of the brewery workmen
the attitude of the bosses was heartily con
demned and it was decided if an amicable
settlement of existing difficulties could not
be made it should and would be war to the
bitter end.
In order that the situation may be un
derstood a little history of the troubles be
tween the employes and employers is not
amiss. Four years ago, when Alfred
Fuhrman was secretary of the union, a
demand was made upon the bosses for a
recognition of the union and other ad
vantages tending to elevate the working
men.
Then the union was 600 strong and had
a well-filled treasury. The demands were
denied and a strike on the Jackson Brew
ery was ordered. The association of bosses
decided to stand together, and in order to
force the men in line in accordance with
their notions, the members of the associa
tion issued the following:
Notice— The following resolution was adopt
ed upon the unanimous vote of all the mem- i
bers at the meeting of the Brewers' Protective
Association, held on Tuesday, March 1, 1892,
to wit:
Resolved, That iv the event of the boycott on the
Jackson brewery not being removed by Monday,
March 7, 1892, then all persons in the employ of
the members of this association, affiliating with
organizations boycotting the said Jackson brew
ery, be discharged.
W. A. I'EEDKEicK, President.
R. "lobr, Secretary. . ..
True to the edict, the brewers began to
discharge. and blacklist all of their em
ployes who. belonged to the union and to
till their places with non-union men, .who
had to be instructed in the business. The
next*brewery to fall under the ban of the
union was the National, ana upon these
two institutions the boycott was main
tained until December 6 last, when it was
raised by the union in the hope of bring
ing about a reconciliation between the
union and the brewers of the association.
The attempt was a failure. During these
four long years the union and, the bosses
haxe been "at outs." and during that time
the union men suffered severely for stand- |
ing up to their principles. The co-opera
tive brewery started by the union after
nearly exhausting its treasury was a fail
ure. One of the principal reasons why
! the strike and boycott on the association's
! breweries failed was because at that time
trades-unionism started on its downhill
course, in consequence of the hard times,
and no concerted action could be brought
to bear upon the offenders.
Fuhrmann was succeeded by W. Zahn
as secretary, and he failed to bring about a
settlement. Zahn, on January 27 last,
gave way to Joseph Walters, the present
secretary.
Since "his election Walters has worked
ni_ht and day to bring about an amicable
settlement, and he believed that he would I
succeed in having the union recognized, as
several of the brewers promised to union
i ize their breweries. Believing the time to
be ripe for an adjustment of present dif
ferences and a wiping out of old scores, he
wrote the following letter:
i_ : '.._- : . April 20, 1896.
Brewers' Protective Association— Gentlemen:
There is at present existing a spirit of hostility
among the trades unions toward your associa
tion, due largely, no doubt, to the estrange
ment that has so long divided our unions and
your body. In order, if possible, to bring
about a better and more profitable understand
ing we would ask your body to appoint a com
mittee to confer with a similar committee ap
pointed by us. Trusting that this will meet
with your favorable consideration, we remain,
your- truly.
Brewery Workmen's Union op San Francisco.
Per Joseph Walters, Secy.
Previous to sending the letter he ex
plained the wishes of the union to several
brewers, saying: "We do ' not ask the
bosses to raise the wagas of the men nor to
shorten the hours. All we want is to nave
them recognize the union, so that union
men will not be obliged to work with
scabs." On Friday the association met,
and yesterday Walters called upon Secre
tary Mohr to sea what action had been
taken upon the letter. He was told that
the communication had simply been placed
upon the file without comment and that it
was not intended even to answer it.
This was what caused the brewery work*
men to hold an indignation meeting.
That some preparation had been made
for a fight is shown by their reception of
the news of the manner in which their
overtures for peace had been treated. It
was decided that the fight that had been
at a standstill so long should be renewed
with vigor. In the first place the treasury
is in a better condition than for some time
past. - *;' . ; r
Notwithstanding the employers' black
list of union men many of the'latter have
been able to get back to work in the local
breweries, and now two-thirds of the em
ployes of the same are union men. In
several only union men can find employ
ment. The union decided last evening to
appeal to all trades unions to assist them
in their present struggle for recognition.
Already several members of the Building
Traeds Council have {promised, their sup
port in getting the unions affiliated with
the council to take up the fight-
When the council meets on next Thurs
day evening it will be in leceipt of a letter
from Secretary Walters asking r for the
support of the building trades unions.
It already has the support cf the San
Francisco Labor Council, with the build
ing trades, which numbers several thou
sand members, and the brewery workmen
hope to make matters interesting for the
bosses. Their confidence is increased by
the assurance of several of the bosses to
the, effect that a strong general trades
union support might induce them to make
their $500 forfeit to the association and
stand with the union. ...
a That there has been : discontent in the
Brewers' Association: is very - apparent
from the fact that several of the members
have been heavily fined for breaking the
rules by cutting in on each other's trade
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 26, 1 896;
by methods not recognized as legitimate.
Secretary Walters says that '; with - trade
unionism on the boom and internal differ
ences in the bosses' combine he expects
that the union and its friends will make
things very interesting for the bosses with
in the next four weeks.
ROSES TO EXHALS IDEAS.
Fragrant Blooms to Be Exhibited at
the Palace Hotel This Week.
The thirteenth semi-annual flower show
of the State Floral Society will take place
at the Palace Hotel April 30, May 1 and 2.
This society was formed in 1888.- Its
object is to unite all persons acceptable to
one another, without regard to sex or oc
cupation, in the one common interest of
floriculture. The society hopes by its work
to stimulate the public taste, <to make
home more attractive and beautiful _nd to
magnify the glory of the State.
According to the promoters the merit of
the exhibit will be in quality, not in
quantity. Surely the professional who
has spent as much time and more thought
in bringing out some new flower deserves
as much credit as he who bestows no
more time on an acre of old flower friends?
The choicest buds and blooms only will
be shown for competition, either by ama
teurs or professionals. At the request of
many there will be a historic table, on
which flowers will be placed from the gar
dens of long ago, each with its own
special romance.
This is not a charitable society, but as
its resources increase the members wish to
give all flower lovers an opportunity to
enjoy this collection. - :' ; : ;: -. ;Vi:.i_: ?;
Free tickets have been sent to the
Catholic, Hebrew and Protestant orphan
asylums and to the Ladies' Protection and
Relief Society. .
The old people from the Crocker, 'Lick
and Episcopal homes have received simi
lar invitations.
These societies will visit the show Friday
and Saturday forenoons.
The committee of arrangements consists
of Professor E. E. Smith (manager), Mrs.
"W. S. Grothwell, . Mrs. "W. S. Chandler,
Mrs. B. E.Hehdrickson, Mrs. L. 0. Hodg
kins, Mrs. Orville. D. Baldwin, secretary.
YACHTSMEN MAKE MERRY
Corinthians Celebrate the Open
ing of Their Club
Season.
Crowds Gather in the Afternoon and
at Night at Tiburon in Honor
of the Event.
The Corinthian Yacht Club opened the
season yesterday in time- honored fashion,
aud with success. Lying at anchor in the
moorings off the pretty clubhouse were
thirty yachts of the Corinthians, all white
and spick and span, gayly decorated with
their signal flags. • . --■;'■;
The clubhouse was aglow with bunting
and its verandas were covered with canvas
that afforded a place beneath for the
visitors and members to enjoy lunch.
The interior was also prettily ornamented
with flowers and evergreens.
In the afternoon an entertainment was
given to the ladies, about 100 of whom
were present in spite of the disagreeable
weather. They danced and spent the
hours in social intercourse, were charmed
with the music, and joined the mem hers
at a toothsome repast. .<
Tbe customary "stag" jinks took place
at night. When the hour of 8 arrived Cor
inthians armed in picturesque sea togs
from the yachts to swell the crowd that
went over from San Francisco. A light
supper was served, after which the fnn
commenced without formality.
The hall was jacked with jolly yachts
men and their friends, all of whom entered
into the spirit of the occasion and made
merry, lhe jinks were sired by J. V.
! O'Brien, who was assisted by the jinks
committee, W. H. Crowell. W. F. Dixey, ;
W. A. Stringer and D. H. McLaughlin.
The following characteristic programme
was presented in a really artistic and en- !
joyable manner:
Stereopticon views, not on the Chi
nese question, but of all the
Corinthian freaks, by Dr. E. Eisen:
Michalitschke Hines in "A Night Off;
Charles Stallman, recitation select; La
Bandurists, in their latest selections
entitled "The Corinthian Clanging.*";
Dolphin quartet— Braid, W. F. Martin,
John L. Sale, Lyman Stiles; Dave Mc-
Laughlin of __tnavil!e. Nap County, charac
ter sketches; Charle3 F. Le Long, tenor solo;
duet, guitar and mandolin, Professors Sanchez
and Lombardo; W. H. Hallet, song,
1 "Always in the Middle"; Mr. Tarbox In
his latest asphaltum concrete barytone solo-
Jack Cathcart, the up-to-date barytone; Ly
man Stiles, bass solo; Bob Mitchell in cut
glass selections.
The reception was in charge of Commo
dore J. W. Pew, J. H. Keefe, C. L. Barrett
Vice-Commodore Carl Westerfeld A J.
Young. J. V. O'Brien and C. R. McKee.
E. S. Simmons was floor manager and
F. M. Thornton, Ralph S. Buck, 0. Klling
house, E. G. Carrera and E. B. Lathrop
acted as the floor committee.
If the weal her was not propitious for
the evening's celebration the Corinthians
appeared to be little disturbed by it, for
they were opening a season with three
new boats in their handsome fleet and
with bright prospects.
PASSENGER AGENTS.
Those of the Transcontinental Associa
tion Are Announced to Meet ln
This City on May 13. •*
Clinton Jones, the local passenger agent
of the Rock Island road, was in receipt of
a dispatch yesterday stating that the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
had decided to hold a meeting in this City
on May 13. This announcement was a
great surprise to all the local agents of the
lines represented in the association.
General Passenger Agent T. H. Good
man stated that the news was rather un
expected to him and that he had received
no direct information regarding it, but yet
considered that it was correct and reliable.
Should this meeting, take place as an
nounced it will be the -first one held in
this City by the present association.
Among the principal matters to be con
sidered by it will be the existing differ
ences between the Canadian Pacific, the
Great Northern and the Northern Pacific
roads, and trans-Atlantic business from
the Pacific Const and Pacific busi
ness from the East. The latter, is inter
national transportation and is exempt from
the jurisdiction, of the . Interstate Com
meice Commission, but has never before
been taken up. by the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, which comprises
all the big lines west of the Missouri River.
Another question to be settled will be
the matter of issuinz ticKets in blank by
one road , to the ; agents of other roads.
This ruling was made by Chairman Cald
well of the association some time ago and
created general dissatisfaction among the
agents here, and has been religiously and
persistently ignored. An "effort will be
made to have it rescinded.. Commissions
to agents of intermediate lines will also be
considered.
Beat Their Father.
James Griffin, a street-sweeper living at Fil
bert street and Montgomery avenue, swore oat
warrants in Judge Low's court yesterday for
the arrest of his son James and his daughter
Margaret on the charge of , battery. He said
that when he went'- nome Friday night they
asked him to give. them his week's wages, and
when : he refused ; they beat . him and turned
him out of the house. t; '.;:
LEADS AGAINST LIQUOR
Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet, State Presi
dent of the Woman's Ter
n; perance Union. ;
HER BIRTHDAY TO-MORROW.
"Suffrage Day" Will Be Devoted by
the Organization to Her
Honor.
Prominent among the leaders in phil
anthropic wore in Calilornia stands one
who has long been recognized as a power
in the work of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet
of San Jose, State president of this organ
ization.
Mrs. Peet (nee Rockwell) was born in
Cornwall, Vt. Her ancestry was of that
brave, sterling and eminently progressive
quality that , made New England's sons
and daughters famous in history. She
was educated at one of the best seminaries
in Burlington, Vt. After graduation she
MRS. STURTEVANT PEET, STATE PRESIDENT, W. C. T. U.
returned to her home in Middlebury, Vt.,
where her natural grace and intelligence
made her a leader in society. The polish,
tact and self-poise that distinguished her
then, together with the experience gained,
have served her well in all her later more
arduous duties. She married E. A. Stur
tevant, a brilliant young lawyer, who died
in early manhood.
Mrs. Sturtevant was among the first to
enter the ranks of the organization which
was the outgrowth of the crusade. At the
second annual meeting of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union of Vermont
she was elected State secretary and later
State organizer; these two offices she filled
acceptably for four years, laying well
the foundation of the work-in the Green
Mountain State.
At this time E. W. Peet of California re
turned to Vermont, his native State,
where he met Mrs. Sturtevant and re
newed a former attachment.
A first and early romance made natural
and easy a second and changed her home,
from New England to.the Golden State.
The women of California were not slow
in recognizing her ability and she was
soon made president of Alameda County.
Under her leadership the membership in
creased until it was the second lamest
county union in the United States. The
experience and success of . over ten years
admirably qualified her for the office of
president of the State union, a position
which she has now held for six years.
Every department of the work has moved
onward with vigorous strides since her ad
vent. - . - ■
She has become well known in our legis
lative halls, where she has made her in
fluence felt in the last three 1 sessions.
Strangers became friends and men not in
terested in the matter of woman's suffrage
lent an ear to Mrs. Feet, who chose with
that perfect tact of which she is mistress
the most auspicious time for presenting
her cause. She was also so excellent a
parliamentarian that every move was
made with intelligence end . certainty.
Finding her so thoroughly a woman whom'
any one might be proud to know— modest,
womanly, intelligent — they said: "If
this kind of women want suffrage they
ought to have it," and forthwith" pass.d
the bill.
Her work in the Legislature has not
been alone for suffrage, but for other bills
as well, notably the one known as the
"Age of Consent," which was passed by
both houses, and which Governor Budd
refused to sign; the cigarette bill, which
met the same fate; and it was largely
through her efforts that the uniform
license bill was defeated. L_
Her constituency are devoted to their
leader and delight to honor her by follow
ing where she leads. It is in recognition
of her valuable services in the Legislature
that her birthday, the 27th of April, has
been Bet aside by the State as "Suffrage
day" and will be celebrated throughout
the State. . '.:: r
In honor of the occasion San Francisco
County will hold a parlor meeting in the
parlors of the Berkshire Hotel from 8 to
10 p. m., to which all are cordially invited.
The following programme will be given
and a delightful evening is anticipated.
Following is the programme: Piano solo,
Miss Edna Luse ; song, Miss Cook; address,
Henrietta , E. Brown; recitation, Fred
Head; song, Mrs. Swan; address, Rev.
J. dimming Smith; piano solo, Mrs.
Bickel ; poem (original), Mrs. L. R. Farish ;
recitation, Mrs. Edgerton; vocal solo, Miss
Allen; symposium, two-minute speeches,
"Why I am a Suffragist." : >^; -
BY FORCIBLE POSSESSION
A Tenant Eject, d Without the
Authority or Formality v
of Law.
George D. Shad burne Jr., a ? young real
estate man who has occupied an -office at
*>32 Market street for the past two months,
suddenly/ found himself dispossessed yes- 1
terday • afternoon] about J 3 : 30 : o'clock, and
himself and his goods and chattels on the
sidewalk. '.;•;. '7: [7... 7. ■??;'.':
P. B. Travis leased the room which
•Chadburne occupied, and had sublet it to
the latter. On the same floor is the oflice
of .' M. A. McLaughlin, j manager for the
Sanden ; Electric .Belt < Company. ;;Chad
burne conceived the idea of '•' starting an
opposition belt agency on the same floor,
hoping thus, according to r McLaughlin's
statement, to secure part of the business
which the ; extensive advertising ;of the
Sanden Company brought to the building.
He then made an offer to Mr. Mc-
Laughlin to vacate the premises if the lat
ter would pay l him $300, which [ offer was
declined. ■ . *}7\*-
; In the meantime P. B. Travis was in
duced to assign his lease of the room
which was occupied by Chadburne to E.
Wilbur, which, assignment , was made
on the 24th inst.
Yesterday Wilbur went into the office of
Chadburne" and demanded possession of
the premises.
The occupant refused to consider the
demand, when Wilbur with a few follow
ers took possession forcibly, ejecting tbe
young real estate man and pitching his
office furniture and effects into the hall.
In the skirmish the door of the office was
torn from its fastenings and a . large pane
of glass was smashed.
Four police officers watched the scrim
mage, but as no personal violence was at
tempted-no arrests were made, but the
grievances of all parties concerned will be
aired in the courts, as warrants will be is
sued on Monday for the arrest of two at
least of the participants in the contro
versy. '7-7- c: -;-^r..'i'';.'-/ ; -:,-:;.
• — ♦ — •
Fell Down the Shaft.
Walter Latham, an employe of A. Flelsh
hacker & Co., 520 Market street, stepped back
ward into the freight elevator shaft yesterday
afternoon and fell from the first floor to the
basement, a distance of about twelve feet. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Stice found that his left arm was fractured, his
jaw contused and he was suffering from the
shock. He lives at 24 Haight street.
ENTOMBED BY A CAVE-IN.
Over Four Score. Men Buried Alive in a
Mexican Mine and but Half the
Number Are Rescued.
CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, April 25.— The
most terrible mining disaster that has ever
occurred in Northern Mexico happened
Thursday afternoon at the Vieja mine,
about twelve miles from this city, in the
Santa Eulalie district. .-"
It is sometimes called the Santa Eulalia
mine. P. R. Prieto, the owner, urged the
miners, who are Mexicans, to continue re
moving the pillars in spite of . protests, it
is said, and the terrible accident resulted.
Over eighty-five men were at work when
the cave- in occurred. Of these eighteen
escaped,- sixty-seven were buried and of
these thirty-seven have been taken out,
seven of whom are dead and thirty seri
ously crushed and many will not live.
There is very little chance ol recovering
alive the thirty men yet under the earth.
The Governor left here to-day for the
scene. ■-"*'*
Oscar Must Serve Out His Sentence.
LONDON, Eng., April 25.— Friends of
Oscar Wilde recently-persuaded Sir Mat
thew White RiJley, the Home Secretary,
to send Home Office doctors to report on
Wilde's, condition. They alleged that
since his imprisonment his mind has
broken down. The doctors reported that
Wilde's health was good and that he had
light labor. The Home Secretary there
upon refused to make the smallest remis
sion in his sentence.
NEW TO-DAY.
~ m THE^WL
'M ;; DRUG CO.,
» CUT-RATE "■
' ft ; DRUGGISTS.
«_________!_____) '-'r^/rfFr"
DON'T BEI CLAM.
Don't allow a percentage doctor to in-
fluence you from coming direct to The
Owl with your prescriptions. Of course
the percentage doctor will lose his
"divy," but you will be in just that
much and have the satisfaction of
knowing that your medicine is good—
the best. . • ?"-> "> [
Paine's Celery Compound, 60c Bottle.
Goods delivered free In Alameda, Oakland and
Berkeley. ■ \
Depot for Munyon's Remedies.
25 Cent Goods Cut to 15 Cents.
Hood's and Joy's Sarsaparilla ..65c
Baker's Emulsion Cod Liver 0i1........; 75c
Allen's Pure Malt Whisky ......:........... ....85c
Pink Pills and Pond's Extract.. — ....... ......35c
Walker's Canadian Whisky,
Regular $1.50 Size Cat to $1.00.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 TStLA.H.tt.JEiT ST.,
. BAN FRANCISCO, f
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,
__^v KilIN & HERZOG
S______i£__s_£«=. (Successors to A. W. MYER),
Agents of the Hamburg-American Line,
Beg to inform their many friends and tbe public
in general that they are located at the ■ *
OLD-ESTABLISHED QUARTERS
(Heretofore occupied by their > predecessor, ;A.
, ■ : . ■:■•o W. -_ I'EK), -. \- .'.-■-.. . i:■
< 4oi .California St., cor. Sansome.' ;
Telephone Main 1144. Opp. Bank of California.
J_ro. A. Stanly, Elibha W. McKixstry,
■::,.' James C. MtKIXSTBY, fIBNBT W. Bradley.
STANLY, McKINSSXRY, ' BRADLEY Si
McKINSTRY,
ATTORNEY S-AT-LA «V,
• ' 4 Sutter street,' San Francisco.
MAUSOLEUM TO
SENATOR HEARST.
A Half-Million Dollar Mon
ument Is Soon to Be
Erected.
BROUGHT FROM THE EAST
It Will Be Set Up Over the
Grave at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SCHWEINFURTH, ARCHITECT.
Mrs. Hearst and Her Son Keep Silent
About the Beautiful
Memorial.
A mausoleum of a beauty and costliness
hitherto unknown in California is about
to be erected by Mrs- Phoebe ; Hearst over
the remains of the late Senator Hearst,
which repose in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The idea of marking her late husband's
resting-place with a beautiful and lasting
monument has been in Mrs. Hearst's mind
for some time, though she has said very
little about her plans, even to her most
intimate friends.
It is known, however, that she resolved
to spare neither money nor personal pains
to make the mausoleum equal, if not su
perior, to some of the historic monuments
of the Old World.
Since taking up their residence in the
East Mrs. Hearst and her son have been
quietly having plans submitted to them
for the memorial to the late Senator, till
at last they found one that exactly suited
their ideas of beauty and dignity.
The successful plan was made by the
well-known. Eastern architect, Schwein
furth, brother of A. C. Schweinfurth of
this - City, who is at present engaged in
building a country house for Mrs. Hearst.
The Eastern architect, who designed the
mausoleum is the best known of three
brothers, all of whom are clever and origi
nal architects.
When the plans had been accepted the
greatest secrecy was enjoined on every one
concerned. Mr. Schweinfurth, who was
charged with the erection as well as with
the designing of the monument, had all
his materials prepared in the East and in
Europe, so that the marble, the bronze,
the sculpture and even the baser materials
used in the design will all be brought
here, as nearly completed and ready for
setting up as possible.
So great has been the secrecy observed
that it is stated that the architect's
brother in this City has not been intrusted
with any information respecting the
mausoleum, although he is engaged by
Hearst to build a country house. When
all the materials had been completed and
packed ready for transportation the archi
tect came to this City with his plans,
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
(107-109 POST st_e=*.____e.__\
1&20-1222-1224 _Vl__.l=l__:__T .stifl.e.-et.
— — . , . .
Another Week of Enthusiast
tic Dress Goods Buying, {? re -||*
Goods section of our Market store, has been pro-
vided for. Five sample values are given below.
Read them carefully act. Six new and popu-
lar Wash Fabrics, a Special Veil, a line of Gloves at
50c, and the nobbiest Shirt Waists in town are
some of the features at both stores.
Dress Goods.
Don't imagine because these prices are so
low that these are back numbers. There is
not an old piece among them— they are new
patterns and new color effects— designs for
spring and summer . of 1896. These are only
five out of fifty equally as good bargains.
fancy shepherd checks— Also
Broken Plaid Effects— width 36 inches ' OP",
• —new and striking colors— regular £>0
price 50c yard. This week Yard
GENUINE ENGLISH MOHAIRS— 42
Inches wide— than 76 different
styles— bo h colored and black, In C AC
fancy figured effects— would be cheap x)\J ,
at 75c. This week Yard
FRENCH VIGOREAUX SUITINGS—
42 inches wide— strictly all wool nov-
e lty patterns— in new spring shadings CAC
—some nouses ask $1 for similar UU
goods. Ourprice Yard
REAL SCOTCH CHEVIOTS— 46 Inches
wide— strictly all wool— novelty striped 'T^.O
effects— grays, navy and browns. . i x) .
• $1 value for..:: .......:.. Yard
FANCY BLACK MOHAIR SUITINGS—
42 inches. wide— they are . guaranteed _
pure wool and mohair — rich silk fig-
. ured appropriate designs large "7P.C
or small— regularly sold everywhere at I •_»
$1. Our special. price Yard
Silk Specials.
it is silk selling of this sort that makes our
silk counters so popular. - i- '
BLACK BROCADED SILKS— 22 inches
wide— a new line received last week—
•:..;, In the latest- -scroll' designs— patterns flj» "I .00
shown for the first time this year— «]pJ.
- should be (1 25. "Special at.. Yard
BLACK BROCADED SILKS— 2I inches
wide— satia and gros-grain silks— '7KC
tra heavy quality— fast black dye— 2o • x)
'.■ styles. -Instead of f1..... Yard
COLORED SATIN DUCHESS— . '
- .- 91 quality that dressmakers will an- -
predate for fancy skirt linings, trim- CAC
v-, min.s, etc.— it is good enough for full OU
■ costumes. Our special price......,...; -Yard
prepared to supervise the arrival and erec
tion of the monument. He arrived seve
ral days ago, and so secret has his coming
been kept that few of his friends are yet
aware of his presence here.
One of the reasons for Mr. Hearst's re
cent visit to San Francisco, it is stated,
was to make the final : arrangements for
the erection of the mausoleum to his
father's memory, though he kept silence
on the subject, even to his most intimate
friends.
No one has yet seen the plans outside
the Hearst family and the few people who
have been actively engaged in putting
them into execution.
It is stated that the estimated cost of the
mausoleum is $500,000. Its component
parts are expected to arrive in the course
of the next few weeks, and then they will
be set up over the Senator's grave by the
architect who designed them.
DROWNED NEAR HOLLISTER.
Miss Edith O'Hara of San Jose Lose."
Her Life in the San Benito.
HOLLISTER, Cal.. April 25.— The body
of Edith O'Hara, the beautiful daughter of
Richard O'Hara of San Jose and a well
known society young woman of that city,
lies to-day somewhere under the sand and
bowlders that fill the bed of San Benito
Creek, and for some twelve hours past
searching parties have been vainly looking
for it.
Miss O'Hara was on the way to visit her
uncle, Eugene Shephard, who lives on a
ranch near Tres Pinos. .rj '• :;
At Tres Pinos she was met by a friend,
Walter Page, and they started in a buggy
to the Shephard home. On the way they
had to ford the San Benito. The crossing
is a bad one. and the creek has been high
for several days past. It was not, never
theless, considered dangerous, and Page
had crossed there in the morning on the
way to meet the train.
It rained steadily in the mountains, and
the creek got higher and higher. Still,
upon reaching the crossing at the road
house, young Page did not hesitate to go
through. Whipping up his horse, the
buggy entered the water and was half way
across before there was a sign of danger.
Then suddenly a wall of water was seen
coming down the creek, and though the
horse made a desperate effort he could not
get out of the way.
While he was holding to the wire the
horse, which had been carried off its feet,
and the overturned buggy were swept
down upon the man and woman, strug
gling in the water. Miss O'Hara was torn
from Page's grasp and swept down to her
death in the muddy water. Page was torn
loose from the fence, also, but succeeded I
in grasping the wire again, and eventu
ally in drawing himself out of the water.
The horse and buggy were both swept
out of his view down the creek.
The half-drowned man made his way
home on foot, and searching parties were
at once started out to find the body of
Miss O'Hara, but so far have met with no
success in the quest. The bed of the San
Benito Creek is filled with sand and
bowlders, and farther down, if the body
should have reached there, are quick
sands which engulf and hide all that come
to them. ■■; 77[
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 25.— Miss Edith
O'Hara, tbe young lady who was acci
dentally drowned in the San Benito River,
was a daughter of Robert O'Hara, a horse
shoer of this city. She was 22 years of
age and had a large circle of acquaint
ances. At the time of her death she was
on her way to visit the family of her
uncle, Eugene Shephard, who lives on a
ranch near Tres Pinos. The father and
stepmother of the dead girl leit for the
scene of the accident to-day and every
effort will be made to recover the body.
More Wash Fabrics.
Six new arrivals last week surpassing In
daintiness and loveliness the earlier showings
of the season which met with such a welcome
reception from our customers.
GRASS LAWNS— Natural linen color-
lace openwork effects, the zigzag braid OAO
stripes in patterns of two or three *7M
rows. Instead of 25c Yard
LAPPET CLOTHS— Honlt on lace effect
open cloth with Dresden patterns— ln
many coiors— will make dainty cos- OAO-
tumes lor evening wear at the seaside _-U ,
or mountains. Instead of 25c Yard
SATIN-STRIPED LINEN— 32 Inches >" '
wide— very sheer— six pretty patterns OAO
—in red, green, heliotrope or blue. In- _SU
stead of 25c . Yaid
FLOWERED DOTTED SWlSS— Dainty r —^
fine Dresden effects— six patterns In ..OAO
all the new colorings— the -thing ~U
._ for children's dresses. Instead of 25c , Yard
STRIPED AND FIGURED DIMITIES
* • —Largo line in new Dresden effects— OA^
perhaps 50 patterns and colors to _£U
choose from. Instead of 25c... Yard
______
CHANTILLY LACE GAUZE— Entirely
/openwork lace effect— Dresden warp OAO
and printed designs— good eolorimlta- ~U
tlonsofslik. Instead of 25c Yard
A Glove Special.
8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUET-
AIRE GLOVES— A good make—
feet fitting— all sizes— in black and f*A°
English reds— lf color line was com- OU
piete would be $1. . Price to c105e..... . Pair
50c Veiling 25c.
LACE, BORDERED VEILS-Medlum
sice chenille dots— narrow, cream lace
border— colors navy, brown or black— OKO
: a regular SOc yell. To be sold this ' -SO
week tor. Each
78
NOW FOR THE
STATE CONVENTION
Republicans Are Planning
Things to Be Done
There.
SILVER/WOMEN AND WAR
Party Leaders Figure on These
Things, on Delegates and
on Policies.
CONTESTS AT THE OPENING.
Kelly and Mahoney Will Add a Brass
Band to Their Windy Fourth
District Contest.
The Republican State Convention is
now but ten days off, and during tie com
ing week party leaders throughout. the
State will give busy attention to various
matters which will come before the con
vention.
There are important contests for the con
vention to decide at the outset of the
meeting and then will come, besides the
election of delegates to the National Con
vention, something in the nature of a plat
form, though if a later convention is held
a full party platform would not be adopted
until then. There will be the election of a
new State Central Committee and many
are deeply interested in its make-up.
The time when Presidential electors and
Congressmen are to be nominated will be
decided. The question of whether or not
the delegates to the National Convention
are to be instructed will be one of the
most important before the convention and
many influential delegates are giving that
matter careful consideration. The attitude
of the party in California on the silver
question will undoubtedly be declared
Resolutions on this question are now
taking form in the minds and with tne"
pens of various men who expect to have
things to say on the floor either as regu
larly elected delegates or by virtue of
proxies.
The women suffragists will be on hand,
too, and all around the convention will
be an interesting and a notable one.
One of the features of the convention
will be the arrival of a Kelly and Mahoney
delegation from the Fourth District with
a brass band. This will be appropriate, as
the Kelly-Mahoney outfit has built its
structure" wholly on wind and crime.
Martin Keily and J. H. Mahoney will
marshal and control the so-called
delegation, though keeping discreetly
silent while the band plays. With
everything to gain and nothing :
to lose Kelly and Mahoney will
make a desperate play for recognition,
using all the arts in their cunning power
to keep out of view the sole important
motive behind the Fourth District con
testthe play of two small and infamous
political bosses lor local political power.
The members of the State Convention J
will know, however, that Kelly and Ma
honey were the sole founders of the move
ment; that the organization is built on
two forged proxies used at a trick mid
night meeting called by Kelly and Ma
honey ; that but two of the eleven members
of the State Central Committee from the
Fourth District voted for the appointment
of the Kelly-Mahoney Congressional com
mittee; that at the farcical Kelly-Mahoney
primary not 300 Republicans, including all
the "push" Kelly" and Mahoney could
muster, voted for the delegation wholly
named by Kelly and Mahoney; that 7300
fraudulent votes were added to the re
turns to give by pure inflation a fictitious
show ot importance; that the entire mas.
of the party repudiated and ignored the
Kelly-Mahoney movement, and the so
called contestants represent nobody, no
element and no principle but Martin
Kelly, Jerry Mahoney and their small vil
lainies.
Toil is the contest, begun in crime by
two criminals, that has been blown up
with bald pretensions and a daily output
of misstatements which is to have a cheap
brass band and go up against the represen
tatives of the Republican party of the '
Fourth district, nominated by the people I
of the district, elected by the people at
the cleanest and fairest primary the City
has known and backed by the solid re
spectable mass of the party.
The outcome of this farcial pretense at a
contest is not in doubt. Kelly and Ma
honey will not be crowned with laurels at
Sacramento. Republicans are few and far j
between in this City who fear that the Re- I
publicans of the State of California will, j
at the State Convention, put the party in \
San Francisco in any degree into the i
hands of an oft-indicted criminal of Tar !
Flat who defeated the last Republican I
nominee for Governor because Dan j
Burns wouldn't give him spoils enough, i
or into the hands of another partner of '■
Sam Rainey, whose political career has j
from its inception confined its course to
the cesspools and slimy sloughs of corrupt !
practical politics.
In the presence of this fake contest the !
representatives of the regular party are j
calmly pursuing their way. The regular !
delegation will be unquestionably- seated.
. It is significant that the one' claim of I
successful prospects made by Kelly and !
Mahoney is based upon a small trick :
which they describe, and not upon any
merit in their cause. They noisily pro
claim that the chairman or the secretary
of the State Central Committee will be in
duced to put their delegation on the
temporary, roll and thus eive them the
advantage of voting for the temporary
chairman, who would appoint a friendly
committee on credentials.
They would thus get a tactical advan
tage before any argument or evidence
bearing on the contest was presented, and
would help out their advantage by trading
any and every thing with anybody. All
this sounds well in some ears perhaps, but
as nothing of the sort will be done this
programme becomes nearly as important
as the somewhat similar thumps on their
big bass drum will be on May 5.
The case throughout is and will be one
of cunning playing of wind and ward
politics by a Martin Kelly and a Jerry Ma
honey. This pair of freebooters has, in
the absence of anything else to do, begun
to pop away at a tolerably high mark, but
as they can get twelve shots for four bits
the amusement is not very expensive to
themselves nor dangerous to the Republi
can party.
There will be a hot contest from Ala
meda County of the Third District, where
one delegation will to by appointment
and another by primary" election, and
there are possibilities of two or three As
sembly District contests from San Fran
cisco.
• The regular delegation will • go to Sacra
mento unpledged and in favor of an unin
structed delegation to the National Con
vention. A large number of the delegates
are known to favor McKinley, but* the
great majority and it- is increasing
recognize the wisaom of sending, to St.
Louis delegates who, while voting in ac
cordance with the known ■ wishes of the
State Convention as far as changed condi
tions would permit with good sense, would
yet be given some liberty of judgment in
the interest of both the State and the party.
. The district delegations will all meet for
organization before going to Sacramento.
Last evening the delegation from the
Thirty-ninth District met at Republican
headquarters and elected Charles H. Fair
all chairman. The delegates present ex
pressed their judgment that delegates to
St. Louis should not be bound by any cast
iron instructions. Other district delegates
will similarly organize this week.
HE DIDN'T INTERFERE.
Senator Brown Didn't Care to Take Any
Part in the Religious Exercises.
Senator Brown, of one of the interior
districts of Kentucky, was my seat mate
one day on the Cincinnati Southern. At a
way station some Salvation Army soldiers
took the train.
"There has been a great change in re
ligious methods within my remembrance,"
said the Senator, reflectively. "Befo* the
difficulty 'twixt the No'th and South there
were great religious gatherin's as regular as
harvest. Niggers and white folks flocked
to 'em in drove?. You couldn't stop 'em.
It looked like the preachers brougHt the
•power' with them — that's what we called
the religious - feelin' — power — an' then
they's work up tbe excitement until the
people in the crowd caught it. I've seen a
plumb hundred folks at one of these camp
meetin's, all bavin' the power at once,
hollerin' an' a-sinjdn' till yo' couldn't
rest. It s very excitin'. I recall one camp
gatherin' over at Foxtown, on the Lexing
ton an' Richmond pike; they had the
power hard there. I never did know befo'
or since such strongly marked cases.
"One was that of a most beautiful young
woman — one of the most beautiful young
women, I reckon, sir, that Kaintuckyever
produced. She come a — r'arin' an' a
chargin' down the open space to the
preacher's platform, for all the world like
a two-year-old thoroughbred turned out
to grass. On she comes a-jumping' an'
hollerin' an' her eyes blazin' like young
suns. It was a most noble sight, the way
she cavorted. Just as she was nigh me
she gives a special holler an' falls clean ex
hausted onto the ground. She was pantin'
like a colt after running' the Darby dis
tance an' looked most attractive an' ap
pealing I turned an' left. It was too ex
citing' a day for me."
"Why didn't you pick her up and resusci
tate her, Senator?"
"Well, I thought of that, too, but I
passed it up. If she was a-counterfeitin' i
didn't want to be the means of caterin' to
her vanity. If it was a sho' enough case
of 'power' it was a case for providence to
attend to, not me." — Chicago Times-
Herald.
BERKELEY DEBATERS WIN
Metropolitan Temple the Scene
of an Intercollegiate War"
of Words.
Should United Stales Senators Ec
C_osen by the People? Neg
atively Decided.
The intercollegiate debate was given to
the blue and the gold. But the victory
was hardly won and the opposing banners
of scarlet were well to the front and val
iantly defended by the doughty cham
pions of Stanford.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded with
the intellectual collegiate ed and the co
ed both intellectual and charming. The
catcalls were in evidence and rang out at
the most unexpected moments, still, as
H. D. Sheldon. A. M. Cathcart. J. M. Ross.
The Three Speakers Who Stood Up Valiantly for the Honor of Stanford.
though by some preconcerted arrange
ment, the enthusiastic noise was kept well
under control until at the close of the de
bate.
The debate was presided over by Dr.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford. The
speakers for the affirmative were Arthur
M. Cathcart, John M. Ross and Henry D.
Sheldon of Stanford University. Those on
the negative were Joseph O'Connor,
Francis Herbert Dean and Martin Charles
Flaherty of the University of California.
Twenty minutes were allowed to each
speaker and ten minutes for the affirma
tive to close. The following was the ques
tion for debate:
Resolved, First— That article I, section 3,
clause, 1 of the constitution of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
be amended to read: The Senate of the United
each State chosen by the people thereof and
the electors in each State shall have the quali
fications requisite for electors of the House of
Representatives. Each Senator shall be chosen
for six years and shall have one vote.
Second— And that that part of article I, sec
tion 3, clause 2, which refers to the filling of
vacancies in the Senate shall be amended so
as to read: And if vacancies happen, by reslg-
nation or otherwise, the executive authority of
the State shall issue writs of election to fill
such vacancies.
Dr. Jordan, in a few introductory re
marks, said the object of the debate was
not to definitely decide the question of the
election of Senators, but to determine' how
well the young men could discuss the
question laid down. -■
| The speakers were all ; generously ap
plauded by the appreciative audience. At
the conclusion of the debate the judges,
Hon. Joseph McKenna, Hon. W. W. Mor
row and Warren Olney, retired and in a
short time returned declaring the victory
in favor of the boys from Berkeley.
Martin Charles Flaherty. Francis Herbert Dam. . , Joseph O'Connor.
The Three Victorious Debaters of Berkeley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
BROWN PREACHES TO-DAY
This Will Probably Be His Last
Appearance in the First
Church.
REV. DR. ELLIS IN DEFENSE.
All the Opponents of tte Minister
- ' .
Asked to Be Present Next
Wednesday Night.
In defiance of the expressed wishes of at
least two-thirds or the members of the
First Church, and tbe further fact that he
bas been unfrocked by the Bay Confer
ence, Dr. Brown will preach to-day. At
least he made a positive statement to that
effect at 11 o'clock last night, though he
declined to give the text of his sermon.
It is generally believed that to-day will
witness Dr. Brown's last appearance in
any capacity whatever in the pulpit of the
nearly disorganized church. The opposi
tion is firm in its determination to oust
the belligerant minister. The following
general notice was sent out yesterday:
San Francisco, Cal.. April 20, 1896.
Matters will come before the regular meeting
on Wednesday evening, April 29, vitally affect
ing the future of the First Congregational
Church. We are now in the majority, provided
you are there, and we have a duty to perform;
which is to vote for the best interests of the
church and the cause of Christ, which we
believe will be best served by the retire
ment of the present pastor.
Do not excuse yourselves from being present,
thinking there will be enough without you.
Come, sick or well, ruin or shine. This in
cludes those you know who will vote for the
church. J- T. McDonald,
J. H. Warren, D.D.,
Sylvesier C. Simpson,
Committee.
This notice has been sent to only the
known opponents of Dr. Brown, and is
done probably through the fear that the
pastor would refuse to call a business
meeting .or next Wednesday night. They
fear that Brown would hardly call a meet
ing of the members for the known purpose
of formally having himself deposed.
The opposition claim, however, that if
they should fail to muster a majority at
Wednesday night's meeting it does not
follow that Brown will preach next Sun
day. They have had legal advice, and
acting on that they will apply lor a writ
of injunction on the ground that he is no
longer a minister. When he joined the
Bay Conference he surrendered to their
keeping his ministerial standing.
He has violated every ministerial obli
gation, and now the power which gave
him an official existence suspends him
until such time as he can purge his char
acter of the suspicions resting on it.
Concerning this point Dr. Williams, one
of the best-posted men on Congregational
affairs on the coast, said yesterday:
"Dr. Brown may, of course, go into secu
lar life if he chooses, but he should not at
tempt to preach, for he has no legal right.
The.Congregational Church has a legal as
well as a spiritunl standing. In the spirit
ual fellowship the members are free with
in the bounds of morality. But on the
legal side one church may interfere with
another.. - : 7. > """■ 7r •'7
"If the minority is too weak to make suc
cessful resistance the other churches can,
if they wish, interfere and help in the
name of Congregationalism.
•'Those who organized the First Church
did so for the purpose of maintaining
worship according to Congregational
usages and regulations. Its intent can
never be changed."
The opposition to Brown filed a list con
taining 200 names with the trustees yes
terday asking that body to depose Brown.
DEFENDS BROWN.
Rev. Dr. Ellis, Who Also Figured Ir
an.lnvestigation, Writes to
the Press.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way, April 25. f
Rev. J. W. Ellis, D.D. , pastor of the
Centennial Presbyterian Church on Twen
ty-third avenue, issued the following let
ter to-day. Dr. Ellis was the central figure
in an exciting church scandal investigated
in San Francisco some years ago:
To the Editor: Was Dr. Brown suspended
from the fellowship of the Bay Conference by
such process as can be sustained at the bar of
justice, as held by the standard of a civilized
and christianized people? .
This Is a serious proposition, freighted with
far greater import to those who cast the vote
than to the man who was removed from their
fellowship. , If Uzzah were smitten with in
stant death for touching the ark when forbid
den, what of those who fail to observe God's
command, "Touch not mine anointed, do my
prophets no harm."
. What are the facts? The council of twenty
picked men were chosen to hear evidence and
render a verdict for or against Dr. Brown, a
man charged with immorality affecting his
ministerial standing. One month was ex
hausted in almost daily sessions of the coun
cil, at the end of which 'the council unani
mously said, and signed the findings, and the
charges were not proven. The same council,
in said findings, expressed hope of greater
future usefulness for Dr. Brown than the past
had yielded, knowing that Dr. Brown would
continue to be the preacher and pastor of the
same church and that he would be their fel
low member of the Bay Conference.
. At a meeting of the Bay Conference thirty
days later the standing committee on creden
tials reported upon the "findings" of the said
council, leaving Dr. Brown's ministerial stand
ing where the council left . it. 3 The commit
tee's report went to the table for consid
eration at an adjourned meeting- of the hay
Conference one week later. All appeared to
believe that that report would be the one
subject for discussion and action by the
Bay Conference at the adjourned meeting.
When the body assembled and was ready
for business an effort was made ,to con
sider the committee's report, but instead
thereof a member offered a resolution of sus
pension. The member offering the resolution
said he represented others by whom the reso
lution, with its whereases, was prepared. The
discussion of the day brought out the fact that
various private conferences had been held by
members of the Bay Conference, the principals
having been members of the said council, the
climax of surprise coming when the moderator
of the said council claimed the floor, with ex
tra time, as champion of the resolution of sus
pension.
The friends of Dr. Brown claimed that they
were surprised, and having no notice of such
action were not prepared to contest the case
there and then. But the battle was on and the
fight to a finish was a fixed event. The Bay
Conference was composed of all the ministers
of the Congregational body and two delegates
from each church within a given district.
Many aged divines were there, several beard
less youths in the conference, and many
women, delegates from the churches, eighty
one . voters all told. The discussion, in the
main, was very unlike the sweet and fragrant
memory of the Pilgrim fathers. Dr. Brown
and Dr. McLean made the two speeches of the
day, and from opoosite grounds. The result
was ; 49 to 32 for suspension.
Ihe inquiry before us is, Was that act of sus
pension intended to deprive a man of his
standing in this life and of a means of liveli
hood for himself and family, in accord with
the law of civilization, with the law of the
State of our adoption, and in harmony with
the law and usage of other ecclesiastical courts?
Beyond a doubt, it is not sustained by the great
unwritten law of equal opportunity to all men.
Judges on the bench, attorneys at the bar and
jurors in the box know that it is contrary to
the municipal, State and National law, practice
and usage.
How was it in the case of Dr. Brown?
He and his friends and the great outside
public understood that the council was the
"final court" of appeal, It was so understood
when testimony was being taken. So was it
the final court to the accused, but not so to the
accusers. Now comes the mystery which as
tounded the writer and scores of others
present at the Bay Conference meeting.
With but one or two exceptions the mem
bers of the said council were hand in hand
with Dr. Brown's accusers, leaders in the
Bay Conference, more nearly prosecutors,
then and there constituted a court of appeal,
plead the case and sat in judgment on the in
terpretation of their own findings. Not an
hour's notice of intention to suspend, not a
scintilla of new evidence claimed or offered,
and at a meeting, when the committee's report
was pending action, a new, and to Dr. Brown
an unexpected, resolution to Enspend was
made the issue, which, by the opposition to
Dr. Brown, was confessedly prepared at private
meetings and then forced by superior num
bers, suspending a brother from their fellow
ship until he disproves what all the accusers
and council could not prove. An impossible
task. Shot to death. Dit. Ellis.
HEE ME&APHONIO EAR.
Plight of a Young Woman Who Under
went Auricular Repairs.
Miss Zury Knox, the daughter of a
prominent citizen of Yoakum County,
Tex., was in St. Louis yesterday on her
way to Chicago, where she will consult a
surgeon who treated her last summer, and
endeavor to have him remedy an unfortu
nate mistake he made in an operation at
that time that has resulted in much pain
and discomfort of a mental and physica
character to the girl.
Miss Knox is a most beautiful young
lady. Her figure, as it is suggested by her
neat blue gown, is almost perfect. Her
complexion is a dream of white and pink,
and her hair is as a tangled knot of silken
golden thread. She is a brilliant conversa
tionist, a proficient musician, and an ;
artist of no mean ability. But an injury
she sustained when 7 years of age by being
thrown from the back of a pony she was
riding cast a black spell on her" life that
only her sunny nature has enabled her to
withstand.
When she was thrown from the pony
she alighted on the ground in such a way
as to pull half of the tipper portion of her
right ear entirely off and so lacerated the
remainder that most of it was later cut
away by a surgeon in Dallas. When the
operation was completed and the wound
had healed she had only a small amount
of the ear left, but she easily disguised the
disfigurement by the way she dressed her
hair. Up to a year ago" she paid no par
ticular attention to it, as the hearing was
not affected to any extent.
Last April, while on a visit to Galveston
with her mother, she met a young lady
from Chicago, with : whom she became
quite intimate. The Chicagoan became
aware of Miss Knox's unfortunate condi
tion and at once enthusiastically advised
that the Texas girl go to Cnicago and con
sult a surgeon, who, she alleged, could re
place the missing ear by a grafting pro
cess. Up to this time Miss Knox had not
thought particularly about accumulating
a new ear, but the constant talk of her
Chicago friend made her long for auricu
lar apparatus like other people wear. The
upshot of it was that she went to Chicago
in August, the operation was performed
and she returned to her Texas home with
an ear which, while it was not nearly so
dainty and pinky as its mate, did well
enough for a bluff.
Shortly after she got home the new ear
began to grow, and it has been growing
ever since. About once a week the young
lady is attacked with most acute pains in
the recently acquired member, which she
describes, as closely as she can diagnose
the matter, as similar to the "growing
pains" that affect boys and girls when
they begin to lengthen out. The ear is
growing every which way and does not
seem to have any life in it.
To a Kepublic reporter who was allowed
to view it last night it looked like a slice of
dried apple about as large as John L. Sul
livan's hands. Recently Miss Knox has
been forced to adopt a new style of dress
ing her hair, which requires her to comb
the greater part of it down over the ear,
giving her head a sort of iop-sided appear
ance. She does not know where the sur
geon got the ear or to whom it belonged
before he grafted it on to her. All she
knows about it is that it cost her a lot of
money. She is going to Chicago to find
out more about it.
_ Another peculiar feature about this ear
is that she can hear sounds with it that
are totally undistinguishable to other peo
ple. Seated at one end of the grand hall
on the second floor of the station last night
she could plainly hear a whisper uttered
at the other end, despite the roar of traffic
•on the street and the noise ascending from
the midway below. v :
: ' "It seems as though every sound that
comes to this unfortunate right ear," she
said last night, "is magnified a thousand
times. I continually hear a roar like that
m u» e bya'thousand steamboat whistles.
At home my room is carefully padded,
and all openings are fixed with a view to
exclude sound, and still I have to sleep
with my right ear. full of cotton, for the
swish of a pony's tail in the corral or a
change in the cadence of my father's snore
in the next room will awaken me. I have
not slept smce I left Texas, and I hardly
think I will sleep again until I see the
surgeon and either have my auricular
monstrosity repaired or cut off. I would
rather be as r 1 was before, with no ear at
an, than as lam now with this fan grow
ing out of the side of my face. You have
no idea of the worry it has caused me. I
am afraid if I let; it grow a year longer it
will hang down on mv shoulder so that I
can hear people think. ' - -
*> ♦ — • — ■
A Valuable Volume.
: A copy of Caxton's edition of the "Can
terbury Tales" wag sold in . London re
cently for $5100, the fourth highest price
> e yer .paid for a Caxton, Lord Jersey's copy
■ i*- n ?.„4 rthur '' having brought ■ $9775
and his "Histories of Troy" $9100 in- 1886,
?_",, an m„ her c °Py of. the "Troy" $5202 in
IBl_. . --? ere are but nine copies of the
Canterbury Tales" known, only two of'
them complete, one being at MeVton. Col
lege, the other in i the British Museum.
The copy just sold lacks nineteen leaves
and two others have the corners torn off
which makes the price paid the highest
ever obtained at auction for an English
book in imperfect condition.
' • ' ' '.< ' — ;»,.♦".•' — '— — —
;r Jerome K. Jerome says that "a knowl
edge of the dead languages has generally
been found to hamper a man in every walk
of life except schoolmastering, : which ■is
the perpetuation of the follies of our an
cestors. - -',-;■'.•--.,.-;--•
CRESCENDO BEATEN AGAIN
Finished Behind Imp. Miss Brum
mel for a Cheap Purse
Event.
FOUR FAVORITES SUCCESSFUL.
Rowena B Captured the Bitter Root
Handicap-All Over Again
; in Front.
About the only happening outside of the
every-day routine of business at the track
yesterday was the defeat of Crescendo.
The chestnut pride of Naglee Burkes
stable was one of three starters in a mile
and a furlong purse event, for which the
California Jockey Club hung up the mu
nificent sum of $350, of which amount the
winnine horse was entitled to $275 — rather
a small stake to race a horse once sup
posed to be the • crack two-year-old
of the country for. Opposed to Mr.
Burkes horse were Imp. Miss Brummel,
with eighty-four pounds up, and the
"aluminum horse" Logan. The bookies
laid a little 2 to 5 against Crescendo which
was soon rubbed to 7 to 20, the prevailing
price throughout the betting. Plenty of
3 to 1 was obtainable against Miss iirum
mel, and a barrel of coin would not have
made the pencilers swipe the 8 to 1
chalked against Alex Shields' old horse.
The race turned out to be one of those
"didn't I tell you" affairs. Slaughter on
the little mare was allowed to go out in
front and set his own pace, and when Sni
der called on the favorite in the stretch, he
found himself unable, to get up a.d was
beaten out cleverly by a length and a half
in 1:58*4.- Many blamed the favorite's
downfall to over-car fid on the part of
Snider, claiming that bad he set sail for
the lead sooner the result would have
been reversed.
The betting-ring did not present its
usual animated appearance, the customary
Saturday crowd not being in attendance.
The track was fetlock deep with mud, yet
four first choices gladdened the hearts —
and also the pockets — of their backers by
getting to the wire first.
The Bitter Hoot handicap, at five fur
longs for two-year-olds, was decided, and
resulted in a victory for the Burns &
Waterhouse entry, Rowena B, who,
coupled with her stable companion, King
Street, held sway in the betting at evens.
Dunboy, an outsider, made a good show
ing at the outset, heading Rowena B to
the bend for home, where he gave it up.
The filly then assumed the lead and won
ridden out, with the second choice, Fleur
de Lis, taking the place a neck before
King Street.
In the seven-furlong handicap All Ove/,
carrying 100 pounds, repeated his success
of the previous day. Sent to the front an
11 to 10 choice, he trailed Ferrier and
Sweet Favordale to the stretch, where
Piggott made his ride, and gradually over
hauling the leaders, passed the wire a
clever winner by one length. In a hard
drive, the second choice, Ferrier, headed
Favordale out for the place. Cabrillo's
poor showing was mystifying.
The balance of the events were very
commonplace. Of the twelve selling
platers that lined up in the opening five
and a half furlong selling scramble, Catch
'__m, at 5 to 1, proved the speediest, win
ning at the wire by a length. In a drive
Ricardo beat the even-money choice, Nic
Nac, out a head for the place." :
Trying to concede weight to as good a
mud* performer in the mud as Service, the
three-year-old Walter J' found out be had
bitten off more than he could chew. The
aged horse, carrying 119 pounds, was sent
to the post an even-money favorite, with a
stiff play on the younger horse at
7to 5. The other three starters did not
command much consideration. Walter J \
bolstered tip the hopes of his supporters j
by heading the way to the far turn, when
Shields sent the favorite to the front, and j
he won easily by three lengths. Fullerton
Lass was a distant third, behind the sec
ond choice.
The short-course steeplechase was a
most onesided affair. Carrying a ton of
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
(California Jockey Club's Spring fleeting. Ninth day, Saturday, April 2s, 1896. Weather
*■* fine. Track sloppy.
1 07(S ___n R '**ACJ_— *' lve and a half fur'on.s; selling; throe year-olds and up; conditions; puree
Index. Horse, age, weight
Horse, age, weight.
8 -
*
Jockeys.
I Betting.
|Op. Cl.
1063 Catch Km, 6 .1
1071 Klcardo. 6 ...1
10f>7 Wlc Xac, 3 V.
1069 Svengali, 4 li
947 Seraphin. 4 ......H
1044 Prliices9Rosßll,3. '
72 Mar'Rold colt, 3... !
1076 Zooielti, a.........l
869 Jsabolle, 8.. V
1059 Clara Johnson, 3. !
1038 Red Win*. 5 li
944 Addle Chipman,6.U
2
6
I 7
I ' 9
4
I 5
! 12
i 8
1 3
I 1
i 10
i 11
11 .
66
6 2
ll*
I*2
7 2
2b
9Vi
12
10 I
b
Vt
v*
4
32
4 3
In
7
6
6
9
8
23
10
11
12
1 1
2h
3 3
I?
62
7 10
84
93
10 10
11 3
12
Shields....
]Boz»man
C. Slaughter....
1 1. Johnson
I Howan
! Butler
W. Stipe
Hen i leas/
W. Flynn. ......
1 Woods
Cnstro.
Fitzgerald
4
6
3-2
100
6
IB
30
6
30
15
50
20
5
6
1
150
10
60
30
23
15
30
150
100
Va
2
stnninK-gntr used. Won driving.
Little Flush. Time, 1:13.
Winner, Mokelumue stock farm's eh. g., by imp Midlothiau-
-1079 885b° XD KACE ~ Seven furlougs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse
Index.
1041 Service, a 119 2
(1070) ! Walter J, 3 113 1
1059 |lp.FullrtnLtiss,s.,lo9! 4
1045 iNormandie. 5....109' 3
1050 iElmerF, 6 116 left
Horse, age, weight.
2 1
1 1%
3 1%
'y% s /i Str. I Fin. j Jockeys.
2 2 13 -14 13 'Shields
11 210 210 216 C. Slaughter.'...
3 1 BVi 3 3 3 3 Bergen ...
*444 , Bozeman
•"jj^^"^""-.---^.. — Hennessey
1 4-6
1 3-2
20
! 30
I 10
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
9-10
7-5
60
60
10
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. h., by imp. Woodlands-Lady's Maid.
IAQA THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; three-year-olds and up-
AUOLr. purse $ 3 50.
Index.
1048 i
(984):
iO6l i
jlp.Misaßrum'l,B.. 8l!
: Crescendo, 3 11 1 j
{Logan, a 112:
Horse, age, weight.
3
1
Std.
12
s
2h
Vi Va /i Str.
i a 12% !ny 12
3 2 h ?J 'a 2 3
2h 3 8 i 5J
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 2 ■!
2 15
3
C. Slaughter .-...■..•.
Snldor
i Shields.
2
1-2
6
3
7-20
9
Startinsr-israto used. Won Handily. Winner, W. O'U. Macdonough's Imp. eh. f.. by Beau Brum-
mel-lmp. Mirage. Time, I :5BVi.
1 081 FOLIRTH RACE— Five furlongs: two-year-olds; The Bitter Root handicap; value 81200.
Horse, weight.
Jockeys.
I Belting.
[Op. Cl.
1028 I
1028 I
1028
98» j
1028
1060 :
1047 i
i Rowena B 1
I Fleurde I.is 1
jKlng Street 1
( Ilolionzollern )
Dnnboy 1(
ilJolce 11
iDolore 1<
1
5
8
0
2
7
4
::::::::
3 V*
6 1
4 n
7 V3
62
1 h
3Va
61
46
22
7
6 Va
1%
3 2
5
4
23
6
7
12 !
a V% !
96 j
4^
56
6 2
7 .
|H. Martin
jShlelds
C. Slaughter —
BoUei
W. Flynn
Snider
!McClaln
'6-5
3-2
; *
30
8
5
»*
1
2
30
13-2
6
•*
I
I I
Htnrtine-srate nsed. Won easily. Winner, Burns find Waterhouse's b. f., by imp. Ma.xlm-l.ulu.
Time, 1 :0K84. *Coupled with Kowena B. **Coupled nl.h Dolce.
1 fIQ9 FIFTH RACE— About one and a half miles; steeplechase; handicap: four-year olds and up;
IUOZ. purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
1042 Col. Weigiitman, 4..1
1062 Tom Clarke, 4 li
105fi Ravine. 5 1
(102SV 811 vera'to. a 1
(1062)HeHo. 4 1
1055 |W. KMun50n,4....1
lstJ.
4>h J
6th J j Flat Str J.j
Hi 115 1 10 I
S3 3 5 810
4 2 4 5 1 4 4
fi 10 510 810
6 li 6
2 6 26 |2 10*
Fin.
i Betting,
Op. ci.
1
5
3
2
I
I *
5 4
4 h
12
a a
a
a g
4 2
5 3
1 h
3 %
2 10 1
! 15 W. Clancv
2 10 Cuddy
B 4 Stewart
4 16|T. Murphy
6 jSwlft
| Peters.
8-5
4
12
11-5
4
7
6-5
o 6
25
"s
3
12
Good starr. Won easily. 'Winner, A. G.
•Pell.
b. k., by Wi
P. Time, 3:27 V a .
1 o^^ SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap:
: purse 9400.
Horse, age. weight.
V 4
1 2
Fin. Jockeys.
Pi5g0tt ..........
." ... Pryce .......
O. slaughter....
........ \V. Flynn...
in>r.
Cl.
(1076) All Over, 4
(1061)Ferrler, a I
1029 SweetFavordale,3
(1021)Cabr!llo,4 i
••:•
)....
I::::::::
"c
V.
1
'2
6
3
11-10
9-2
4
4
|....
Htnrtlng-gate used. Won easily. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth'B b. h., by Hanover- Deceit. Time, l:29Vi.
1 fiftzl SKVujNTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward ; oondi
J.UO'it. tious: purso $300. "
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
COO.Vn Summer Time, 3.102
(1046) Mt. Hoy, 5 110
10 3 Herm axilla, 4 108
(107 a) Realization, 5.... 113
;1072 I Mainstay, 4 113
1063 'Doubtful, 3 05
K4O : Afflatus, 3 98
1046 i Easel. S 95
8
?
1
6
4
2
' 5
7
3
i
I
6 3 .
2 3
8
4 3 :
m
55*
&2
63
6 4
I*
7 2
1 h
4i m
1 Vsj
65
5 4
E*
7
43
IS Piggott .......
2 1 % 5nider...........
3 2 Martin
4 2 ■ JBozeman.
54 Shields...
6 1/3 Mclntjrre .......
7 'A McClain ..
8 .-, ' R0wan.:.......;.
1
15
12
4
3
4 ;-:
30
16
7-5
fO
10
5
7-2
8
30
30
Startlne-gate used.
Time, l:10Vi.
Won
Xl Prltnero
b. f., by
coin, with his odds rubbed • from 8 to 5 to
13 to 10, Colonel Weightman headed : his
field at the seventh jump, and won with
ridiculous ease, pulled up to a walk. " W. L.
M'.mson, running in second position, fell
taking, the last jump. Tom Clark then
finished second, with Ravine in the show.
The last race of the day was easily taken
by the El Primero stable's > filly Summer
time, starting an 11 to 10 favorite. The
mare came fast at the end and passed the
judges two leneths before the 100 to 1 shot,
Mt Hoy, covering the five and a half fur
longs in 1:10*4. ■ ' ■■■ ■
Track and Paddock Items.
Thirteen book-makers cut in at yester
day's drawing.
' Owner Nick Hall still continues playing
in hard luck. His horse, Elmer F, who
started in the second race, was left at the
post. ..' - \ ' ': -..
Jockey "Stew" Peters was evidently con
stituted by nature for a steeplechase rider,
and there is little danger of him ever oc
cupying a cot in the hospital. When W.
L. Munson fell at the last hurdle "Stew"
went under him, and, several of the field
coming behind, tried the texture of the
jockey's anatomy. "Stew" got up, felt of
his head to see that no holes were punched
in it, twisted his knee joints back into
shape, pulled down one leg, which seemed
to bo a trifle shorter than the other, and
walked back to the paddock with a grin
on his face. ,
Cabrillo appears to be a hard horse to
guess. He was beaten a "city block" yes
terday in going that was supposed to be
to his liking. . .
Shields continues riding in excellent
form. He piloted the winners of the first
two races.
It looked very much as though Mount
Roy was "shooed" in for the place in
the last race. Opening at 30 to 1 he re
ceded in the betting to 100 to 1, when a
smart play on him for place and show cut
his price to 40. Mainstay and Realiza
tion, both good mud horses, failed to get a
mark. Realization won easily on Friday
and on the strength of it his owners backed
him yesterday. Mount Roy must cer
tainly be a greatly improved horse when
he can finish in front of two such mud
larks as the pair named.
Sweet Favordale looked well up to a race j
and was well played, her odds being backed
down from Bto 1 to 21 to 5. She was in
judiciously handled by Slaughter.
OVEEHEAED IN THE OAE.
The Funeral Had Been Delicious and
She Had Thoroughly Enjoyed It.
This was overheard in a North Clark
street cable-car:
"I was sorry I couldn't go."
" "You missed it, dear. It was a perfectly
lovely funeral."
"Large crowd?"
"Oh, indeed, yes; and such swell people,
too. I think I never did hear a better
quartet. They had a new soprano who
waa simply heavenly.".
"I dare say the flowers were nice."
"Oh, they were perfectly magnificent. I
told Clara that the flowers were ever so
much finer than those at the Wilson
funeral.".;^ v,;^.,
"Black casket, I suppose?"
"It was very dark and had the sweetest
lining I ever saw. The body of it was
pale pink satin, puffed, and then there
were delicate roses, and they were all
hand-painted. . I never saw anything
prettier."
"Did you go to the cemetery?"
"Yes; and do you know their lot was
just one mass of green, and' inside the
grave they had a thick bed of evergreen
covering the box. It was simply superb."
"Well, it's just my luck," said the one
that had missed all the festivities. -'I
didn't know it was to be so swell."
"Well, it was. It was the prettiest fu
neral I've seen in years and I'm awfully
glad I went."
And then they began to talk about the
grand opera. Chicago Record. ; y
• — *■ — m '
g^A Great- Grandmother and a Bride. j
When a Yankee great-grandmother be
comes a bride the fact, is worthy of record.
Mrs. Fannie R. Allen of Atho.l, Mass., who
was married Wednesday to a farmer of a
neighboring town, is 75 years old five
years older than her new husband. Mar
riages among people who have passed the
age of 70 occur every year in New England,
but the number of women who at the age
of 75 have great-grandchildren, as this lady
is said to have, is very small. — Daily East
ern Argus.
There are three mountain peaks in Idaho
exceeding 10,000 feet.
I MAKE JAN.
ordhiary l^,* Iff^tl , Co: *. s -IpQtlo_.
Hudyan stops ra|sW^*__ Emissions,
MANHOOD Mi'l^?B^_ ni *- hts '- o^ po^
| quickly. Over 2000 private endorsements.
Prematureness means iinpotency in the first
j stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in 20 days
by the use of Hudyan.
The new discovery was made by the Special-
j lsts of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is the strongest vitalizer made. It Is
very powerful, but harmless. Learn the grand
truth of health, make yourself a man again by
using the Californian remedy. You can only
pet it from. the Hudson Medical Institute
Write for free circulars. Send for testimonials
and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and EUis Sts.
■\ ■<•■■ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
/theapexN^
I Bicycle Perfection '■■ ii
4 1 is represented in the Monarch. All 4 >
i » the bicycle goodness that the best bl- < 1
O cycle makers know is incorporated 4 >
< > in this king of wheels. No chronom- 4 »
i » eter could be made with more care, 2
4 ► or with greater accuracy. Every 4 >
4 ► part of the 4 >
MONARCH ii
•
A is in perfect harmony with all other A
4 > parts. So perfect is the distribution 4 »
4 » of weight, so accurate the adjust- 4 >
4 1 ment of gear, that the Monarch will &
4 k outspeed, outlast, outrival any wheel 4 >
4 \ on the market to-day. 4 >
<t Made in four mortal-.. *Hfi ar, I*l 00. Forth!!-,.
, . drrn and .-dull- who «-»nt a lower price wheel th. . _
DXFURCB is m_de in eight model*, t>4o, *aO. _ '
J » $00 and $?.-,. Send for the Monarch Book. 4 ►
0 MONARCH CYCLE MFC. CO.. : *M < *
X 3 2nd 5 Front Street, SAN FRANCISCO. X
sooq -jqs Tf uooks
CCMS WD TRy 0^
$5 S2
First Payment Per Week
Catalog and Application Blank Free
The offer applies only to residents of San
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda.
H_ Oakland Agency , : .
17th St. A San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
Bicycles.
-_f_fl-_----EB_B__-_a-___B__i__l
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
i_rww-_wi_ii_a_._tiiiii nun
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.
; Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
, SAN FRANCISCO.
ALL LATHE WORK *^i_*__^^aß TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT&CO.324-PDSTSTSJ.SAVED IT IN THE NINTH
The Charity Game o$ the
University Club and
Berkeley.
BERKELEY PLAYED THE BALL.
In the Last Half of the Last Inning
the Club Men Got Into
the Game.
At Central Park yesterday afternoon the j
nine men of Berkeley had been having fun
with the nine men of the University Club
for nine innings, and the score stood like
this: '■;■ -:*v. /••
00000000 ?
There was just one more chance. The
Berkeley people were through— had
done all they could hope to and had nine
runs standing to their credit and a swell
ing ambition not to let the University
Club have a run.
The spotless white uniforms of the club
men were now spotted with white— that is
to say, the original white showed through
in spots. The wet ground and vain and
eager "sliding" had done a terrible work.
Still they were cheerful and disposed to
hope. '■7- 1 7[7
Captain Cohen stepped to the plate and
the other eight men with one voice said to
him: "We are badly in need of a a run,
Mr. Cohen," and Mr. Cohen, with great
judgment and caution hesitated in his
place until four balls had been called upon
the pitcher, and took his base.
That was a fair beginning and the root
ers for the clubmen cried "Bravo 1"
Arthur Allen hesitated also for a bit, and
Cohen made his way to second, plowing
into the mud at the bag with entire disre
gard of his white suit.
Then Allen swung back his bat and
swat the ball. Proctor out at center «aw
it coming, but did not realize tnat it was
the supreme effort of the clubmen. He
waited foi it to fall into his hands, but
when too late saw it was sailing far over
his head for the fence. He ran for it, but
was too late.
All this time the crowd of university
rooters were joyed in such fashion that
they would have turned handsprings but
fat the mud and their kids and light over
coats. As it was they threw their hats in
the air and yelled like a riot, for Cohen
had come in and the club was saved from
rout.
But they were not through. They had
learned how the thing was done. Allen
went all the way round to third on his
strike and was as tall as a monument in
the estimation of the University Club and
all that adhered thereto. The club had a
run and nobody was out.
There were those on the benches who
thought the club was now almost certain
to win. They had only nine more such
feats to perform and the thing was done.
Will Magee hit the bail to Elston at
second and Elston fumbled it. Magee
reached first safely and Allen came in.
The University Club had two runs and still
nobody was out. The rooters on the
benches were so noisy that the people out
on Market street were unhappy because
they had not gone to the ball game.
Then Adam struck ont and there were
those among the most sanguine on the
benches who began to see how it might be
possible that the University Club might
yet lose. I
Tom Magee reached first on a blow at j
the ball. Latham struck out. Chetwood j
*->took a base on balls, and Magee was ad
vanced to second, and Will Magee to '
third— a man on every one of 'them, j
Smedberg struck the ball and Elston, on
second, reached up and lifted it down out
of the air and the name was over and the
score stood 9 runs to these tardy 2,
ana the three men in their soiled white
suits stood forlorn upon their three bases.
According to tne Bible injunction they
had "done what they could.
Considering the uncertainty of the
weather the attendance was large. Other
wise it was not so. The game throughout
was a lively and interesting one. The
ball was knocked in all directions, once
over a neighboring roof, again over the
fence at center-field and again — this by
Elston — into the grand stand, where it
struck a Spartan old lady a glancing blow
on the head, who refused to allow the in
cident to interfere with her enjoyment of
the game. She simply waved her fan and
kept her place. In the very first inning
Captain Johnston of the Berkeley team
met with an accident that put him out of
the game.
He bad sent a long drive to right field,
on which he tooK third base. Trying to
come home on a narrow margin — Mc-
Laren's hit to short — he slid, his hand
caught in the catcher's mask and was torn
BO badiy that he had to be taken to the
Keceiving Hospital, were eighteen stitches
were found necessary to sew it up. Hart
took his place for the balance of the game.
The fielding of Berkeley was excellent.
Charley Gagus umpired and J. D. McKee
kept the books.
WHEN A MAN GOES OVERBOARD
It l* Not Kaiy to Haul Him Back In
Rough Weather at Sea.
Captain Manuel Caton of the Adams
fishing schooner Sea Fox, just in from the
Georges fishing banks, tells a thrilling
story of bis adventures in the last gale
and snowstorm. - While the vessel was
laboring in the worst part of the gale he
ordered the crew to set the mainsail, to
■work away from dangerous shoals to lee
ward. i
"When the crew had cast off th. stops,"
said the captain, "I reached for the down
haul to clear it as they hoisted. The wind
just at that moment caught the canvas and
with a slat it came to leeward, striking me
in the back, and in an instant I was twenty
feet away, and overboard. I struck the
water face down, but fortunately I was to
leeward, and as I came up I saw the craft
broadside on drifting toward me. One of
nay men, named Merion, saw me disap
pear, and quick as a flash sent a coil of
rope spinning after me. His aim was true,
and as I came up the rope lay against my
arms and I grabbed it.
"I was soon alongside, but in the worst
part of my scrape. The Fox was rolling
fearfully, while the cross seas threw me
around like a ball— moment l would
bang against her side and the next be far
away. The reef tackle soon swung toward
me and I grabbed it, but I didn't find my
new hold any improvement. I was thrown
m all directions, but held on. I swallowed
lots of water and the wrenching 1 got was
fast using me up.
"My men would have had hard work
lifting me up with my wet clothes had the
vessel been at the wharf, as I weigh more
than 200 pounds, and excited as they
were it was useless for them
to try it there. I told them
J couldn't hold on much longer, and to
make fast a rope and launch a dory. After
many unsuccessful attempts they man
aged to get a boat over the rail, but no one
came in her. I knew I could not get in
alone and shouted for some one to come in
her.
"They hauled the boat back as near as
possible, and, making a' daring leap, two
brothers, August and Manuel Louis,
reached the dory, which the others rapid
ly let drift, down to me. There was still
clanger of a capsize, and having three men
in the water instead of one. but the boys,
after. a struggle, got me in, and we were
Boon on the deck of the Fox."— Boston
Herald.
One of the highest peaks in the Andes is
Borata; 25,880 feet.4- y •• • - ~ -
The New York Yacht Coronet and the Pilot-Boat Bonita Starting on a Trial of Speed Under
Working Canvas From the Golden Gate to the Farallones.
{Sketched by a "Call" artist.] v
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Yacht Coronet Cannot Beat
the Smart Pilot-Boat
Bonita.
THEY HAD A BRUSH YESTERrAY
Mate Erricscn of the KGdiak Drowned
at Sea While on His Way
to Alaska.
The yacht Coronet and the pilot-boat
Bonita had a brush yesterday and the latter
showed herself able to hold her own in
any kind of weather. When the difference
in the size of the vessels is considered the
showing made by the piiot-boat is remark
able. The schooner yacht Coronet is
152.67 tons net burden, 118 feet 7 inches
long, 27 feet broad and 11 feet 7 inches
deep, while the Bonita is only 75 tons net,
88 feet long, 23 feet broad and 9 feet 8
inches deep. At the end of a twelve-mile
run there was not a quarter of a mile be
tween the two schooners, and on time al
lowance the pilot-boat would easily have
won.
After completing all arrangements
Millionaire James and the party of scien
tists he is taking to Japan to view the
eclipse of the sun prepared to sail. It was
decided to go out on the morning tide and
the Pilot Commissioners decided to ac
company them a short distance to sea.
The Bonita was got ready and Commo
dore Cadnc, Captain Mayo, Miss Caduc,
Captain Castle and two or thr.e others
went out on her. Captain Castle handled
the Bonita and Captain Johnson the Coro
net. Both schooners were in ordinary
cruising trim, so there was really no test
of speed.
The Bonita was the first away, and when
the bar was crossed she hove to and
awaited the yacht. When both boats were
abreast the wind fell light, and for a short
time it was a drifting match. Then a
good, strong breeze sprang up and the
schooners scudded away for the r'araliones.
It was nip and tuck all the way and the
big. yacht could not shake off the pilot
boat. Captain Castle is more than pleased
with the showing made by the Bonita,
and is willing to match her against any
yacht of her size on the Pacific Coast.
"The Bonita made a splendid showing,"
said Commodore Caduc, "but then we were
not racing. We simply went out as a
compliment to the owner of the yacht and
his guests. We were under working can
vas and so was the Coronet. The Coronet
beat us a little, but not much, and in con
sequence I think the Bonita one of the
smartest boats of her size 1 ever sailed on.
After a twelve-mile run we bade the Cor
onet good-by and came back to San Fran
cisco. ' " ,~ '■*'* ■..■._' W"
Commodore C. C. Bruce, the well-known
yachtsman, is again to the fore as a life
saver. On at least half a dozen occasions
he has risked hi:, life to save others, and
last Friday night he added another rescue
to his list of brave deeds. A yachtsman
named Robertson was returning from his
sloop to the landing at Sausalito when his
dingy capsized. He could not extricate
himself and was nearly drowned when
Bruce saw his predicament. He peeled off
his outer clothing and in a few seconds
was on his way to the overturned boat.
He got Robertson out ot his fix and helped
him ashore. Half an hour later both men
were around Sausalito as though nothing
had happened.
A private letter to Captain Blair reports
the loss overboard of First Mate Erricson
of the schooner Kodiak on March 30 last.
The vessel left here nearly two months
ago for Kodiak, and rough weather was ex
perienced from the start. On March 30
a heavy gale was blowing and Erricson
was helping with the sails. A heavy sea
broke aboard and when it had cleared
away the mate was gone. He was well
known in San Francisco, and last year
made a trip to Alaska as mate of the
schooner Geneva. He leaves a widow and
family in Berkeley.
Captain R. Quintin, late of the Golden
Fleece, went out ai master of the schooner
Prosper yesterday. The Prosper has been
purchased by some Alaskan miners, but
when a few days out on her wav to Cooks
Inlet it was discovered that she' was leak
ing. She was run back to San Francisco,
and now after repairing has made a second
start.
Captain Holmes went out yesterday as
master of the steamer Willamette. He is
one of the ablest and best-liked captains
on the coast and his friends will be glad to
hear that he is back in harness again.
Captain Holmes was for seven years on
the Umatilla, but was taken sick and for a
long time his life was despaired of. He is
now haie and -hearty again and is once
more in command of a vessel.
For the first time in years a deep-water
ship is loading at Washington-street
wharf. All the other berths were taken
and as a place had to be found for tho
bark Santiago she was docked at Wash
ington street. . She is loading for Hilo,
H. 1., and will bring back a cargo of sugar.
The Spreckels tug ; Reliance had her
trial trip on the bay yesterday. Her new
propeller was found to be a great success
and "in, consequence the vessel will be
lengthened to meet increased power. Dur
ing yesterday's run her new propeller was
subjected to the severest kind of tests.
When going at full speed the engines were
reversed and the Reliance stopped almost
in her o-rn length. The extra revolutions
obtained will make the Reliance one of the
most powerful tugs in the bay and the
chances are that all the Spreckels tugs
will be fitted out with the new propeller.
* -A, rumor arrived here : by the steamer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
City of Peking that if true places Pay
master Henry Clark of the cruiser Detroit
in an unenviable light. It is said that he
got into trouble with a Mrs. Watson, wife
of a Shanghai merchant, and in conse
quence there was a shooting affray. Mrs.
Watson was shot three times and Clark
was shot in the foot. Both were taken to
the hospital and according to the news by
the steamer all the particulars were sup
pressed. According to a cable dispatch
the Detroit, Boston, Machias and York
town rendezvoused jat Shanghai last Fri
day from various points on the Asiatic
station, so there is a discrepancy in the
story somewhere. \
CAFFERTY'S PLEDGE.
The Man Who Beat His Son so Savagely
Promises the Judge to Drink
No More.'
Martin J. Cafferty, who so brutally beat
his son Johnnie, a mere boy, on Monday
night, appeared in Judge Low's court yes
terday morning.
Mrs. Cafferty and her four young chil
dren were in court and she pleaded with
the Judge to De lenient with her husband.
"If he is sent to jail," said the little
woman, "my children and I will be the
sufferers, as we are dependent upon him
for a living. He is a model husband and
father when sober, and if your Honor
would make him take a pledge to abstain
from drink I am sure there would be no
more trouble."
The Judge severely lectured Cafferty
upon his brutality to his son, but said in
view of his wife's plea for mercy he would
not send him to jail if he took an oath to
abstain from liquor. '
Cafferty expressed his willingness not to
touch a drop of liquor for ten years and
took an oath to that effect in open court.
The Judge then suspended sentence for
thirty days, and Cafferty left the court
room with his wife and family.- -. ".
The Judge had seen Gray Bros., Caffer-,
ty's employers, and they said they would
willingly take him back, as he was an in
dustrious workman, and this was the first
time they ever knew of him getting into
trouble.
THE FOUR-YEAR LAW
A Suit to Test the Terms of
Municipal Office-
Holders.
Election Commissioners to Be Enjoined
From Purchasing Ballot
Paper.
A complaint to test the application of
the county government act to this City
was filed yesterday, and upon the decision
rendered in the case will rest the question
whether the present municipal officers will
hold over for two years more or if there
must be an election as usual next Novem
ber.
The plaintiff is Julius Kahn, represented
j by W. H. L. Barnes, W. W. Foote and T. C.
j Coogan, and the defendants are the mem
bers of the Election Commission. The suit
is to restrain the Commissioners from pur
chasing any ballot-paper or expending any
money in preparation for an election to be
held next November.
On April 20 last the Election Commis
sioners passed a resolution directing the
! purchase of ballot-paper or giving notice
| of an intention to purchase it, and author-
I izing other expenses in preparation forthe
j coming election. Kahn brings suit under
j the act of the Legislature approved March
: 24, 1895, and entitled "An act to establish
; a uniform system of county and township
governments." He allege, the act pro
vides that "all elective county and town
ship officers, except otherwise provided for
in this act, shall be elected at the general
election to be held in November, 1894, and
every four years thereafter, unless other
wise herein provided." * * * *
Under tho general, classification, the
plaintiff alleges, San Francisco is a county
of the first class, and so t.:e act must apply
! here. The resolution adopted by the Elec
j tion Commissioners is declared to be con-
I trary to law, in that the recent act pro
j vides for a term of four years and "the
\ officers now in power are only in two years.
I Unless restrained, it is claimed, much
! money will be wasted, as the expenses will
amount to not less than $20,000. The com
plaint concludes with the following prayer:
Wherefore, plaintiff prays judgment that the
defendants.be perpetually enjoined and re-
rained from appropriating money from the
I funds of. the City and County of San Francisco
] for the purpose of procuring and holding an
I election in the month of November, 1896, to
I fill the offices . hereinabove referred to, or
I from holding any election for the offices pro
! vided by law lor the said City and County of
j San Francisco other than is provided and di-
I rected in and by the act of the Legislature
J hereinabove referred to. and known as an act
I to establish a uniform system | of county and
township government-, approved March 24,
! 1895.
And that said defendants bejrestrainedjby or
! der of this court from doing any or either of
said acts | during the pendency of this action,
and for such other and further relief ;as may
{ be meet and equitable and the nature of the
| case may require. . _
And that the plaintiff may have and recover
| of the defendants the cost of prosecuting this
I a:tlon.,-. * ',
Such a suit has been in contemplation
! for a long time. 'It is '■ an action in the
| same category as the fee-bill suits, in that
!it involves the application of general
! county laws to San. Francisco, which is a
■ city and county. A judgment will be ren
j dered without delay in the Superior Court,
j and it will come before the Supreme Court
i during the July term, if not sooner.
Each salmon, it is estimated, produces
about 20,000,000 eggs. '_■ ■-.;,' .•..',"  : .
HE FORGOT HIS ROUTE
How a Strange Driver of a One-
Horse "Bobtail" Was Lost '
in Town.
GRANT AVENUE TO THE DUMPS
Diove the Car That Holds a Franchise,
but Went Wrong on Various
Tangents.
Straggling all over the business part of
San Francisco, permeating the streets
without any apparent end in view, are
miles of abandoned tracks of the South
ern Pacific streetcar hundred and one sys
tems. \ >
Where these rusting rails begin or where
they end is a mystery of itself, as they
may be found in every conceivable place
downtown, and are united by switches
scattered at somebody's sweet will by sun
dry corners. So that a streetcar — one of
the ancient patterns drawn by horses —
might meander along the main thorough
fares and keep going without fear of reach
ing the end. The abandoned line on
Grant avenue, which finds an outlet west
ward through devious ways and then con
tinues toward the' dumps with charac
teristic lack of direction, is included' in
the general scheme, or want of scheme' of
streetcar systems.
With the advent of the cable and elec
tricity those old lines gradually fell into
oblivion, until at last people forgot whither
the rails tended. The Grant-avenue and
dumps system faded away with the pass
ing of the horsecar.
However, it is still there, on the pave
ment, and the Market-street Company
stands guard over it from day to day. The
company does not wish to lose the fran
chise. It runs a one-horse bobtail car
over the line once a day, and this fills the
bill— for the corporation.
People on the street notice the relic mov
ing past in a dreamy jog trot. But nobody
has been found who can tell whence it
comes or whither it goes. Only it passes,
and is gone for another day. For the soli
tary car makes but one diurnal appear
ance and one disappearance.
The task of driving this car over the
rails included in the franchise was en
trusted to a new employe, a stranger to
the City' 3 streets.
"Do "I know my business?" he asked
rather indignantly in reply to the superin
tendent's question.
"You just leave that to me and I'll corve
the tracks." And the superintendent,
convinced by the fellow's positive manner,
let him go. All the new driver asked was
the names of the streets through which he
should drive.
"That's enough; I know my business;
get up there I "
The old horse ambled off with the "bob
tail" and green, driver. All went well
until the driver got into Market street
from somewhere else. Then there was a
crush. He stopped cable-cars, and inci
dentally.forgot his route. He thereupon
determined that if he kept on the track
the end would soon be reached. It would
be an easy matter to return. Somehow
the rails did not seem to be the right sort,
for they would insist on crossing and re
crossing Market street, and somewhere
about Grant avenue and Post street the
tracks went in two directions. The hope
lessly puzzled driver got into Post street,
stopped cable-cars, switched into Kearny
or Montgomery street, and- soon found
himself in difficulties between two Union
streetcars on Montgomery avenue.
Once out of this tangle he headed for
the ferries, but went wrong on a curve at
a corner downtown. This led to Sansome
or Battery street into California and the
lost car was in the way of trucks where a
horsecar had not been seen for years be
fore. From the wholesale district the be
wildered driver beat his way to Rincon
Hill, blocked cable and electric lines on the
route, and at last found peace in the en
vironment of the Potrero at night. .
"He would be going yet," remarked a
railroad man, "only his fortune changed
when a switch on the homeward journey
put him on tracks to Fourth and Towns
end streets."_ I________^1 ________^
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
Annual Meeting, Banquet and ""lection
of Officers Last Night.
The members of the Society of California
Volunteers held their annual meeting,
elected officers and had a banquet last
night at the Occidental Hotel. On April
25, 1861, General Sumpter took command,
and it was with the object of commemo
rating that event that the Society of Cali
fornia Volunteers was formed. It is com
posed of the soldiers who served at that
time. ■ " ■ v-v-
There were about twenty members pres
ent last night. L. Washburn, the presi
dent, occupied the chair during the even
ing. These officers were elected for the
ensuing year: President, William McCabe;
first vice-president, Sol Cohen; second
vice-president, James Dabison ; corre
sponding secretary, J. L. Homer; treas
urer, C. W. Gordon ; recording secretary,
J. C. limes. •
Some business was transacted besides
this, but . it r was of a'■ routine character.
After the dinner C. Mason Kinne read a
paper/giving reminiscences of his experi
ence with Sheridan's cavalry. There were
also some informal speeches.
One thousand tons of soot settle monthly
within the 118 square miles of London.
SCHMIDT WAS "LICKED"
Fickle Miss Lenamie Gets Her
Admirers Into the Police
Court.
POLICEMAN PETERS' ARSON CASE
The Stranded Sailor's Pathetic Story.
Telling Troubles to the
Police.
Hugo Schmidt, a pastrycook, came
tearfully into the City Hall and told his
troubles to the police. The general and
gratuitous admonition "to go tell your
troubles to the' police" is not without
rhyme or season, for there is no place
where human woes poured out from a soul
surcharged with grief will find ' a fuller
hearing.
The tenor of Hugo's plaint was that
John Gerrish, a bottle-washer, under the
drive of a mighty wrath (and inspiration
of the probable fact that Mary Lenamie, a
domestic, would be the prize to the victor),
had "licked" him. The term "licked,"
which the pastry cook had used to char
acterize the manner of his overthrow,
is not a happy one; neither was he him
self a happy one subsequent to the opera
tion. : ■ ■■'■'•? 7:['7[' ■7:7':7 ] -
The joint affection of Hugo and Mary
will be the theme of amatory odes around
Bryant and Ritch streets for years to come.
They loved, alleges the complaint, until
the bottle-washer flung himself, frog-like,
into the pool of their love-life, and the
ripples of his plunge broke its placidity
forever. Mary— hence her lover's tears —
Mary didn't rebuke the presumptuous at
tentions of the bold intruder, but, alas,
started in to keep her two beaus on what
is commonly known as "a string." Her
wayward heart — ah! Mary fluttered to
the bottle-washer when Schmidt was fab
ricating pies.
Hugo expostulated, Mary prevaricated,
and the bottle-man congregated around
the fickle maid until the inevitable fighting
came on. . x7..-[ '• ' ' , ■
It was at Bryant and Ritch streets the
three met, and Mary saw her Sohmidt
"licked," as he himself expressed it when
he told his troubles to the police.
After the pastry-man had sworn out the
complaint and brought his victor rival
within the menace of the law, he did some
thinking. He recollected then that Mary
had witnessed his overthrow with some
thing akin to satisfaction, at least without
any perceptible grief. Following this, came
reminiscences of Mary's other heartless
acts in relation to himself. Then he dried
his tears.
Had he remembered this in time he
would not have chosen the stern arbitra
ment of war. Then he wanted to with
draw the complaint, because he had no
animosity toward the man who had done
so much to awaken him to the clear con
clusion that she was "no good.'' But he
was unable to quash proceedings and was
told that the State of California was not
personally concerning itself with Mary's
loves, but the assault and battery on him
self.
Schmidt left the City Hall with the ob
servation that there were better fish in the
sea than Mary. *"
Policeman Peters went to the warrant
clerk after authority to haul an abusive
resident of his beat into the shadow of the
City Prison. He informed the clerk that
he desired to bring the offender in on a
charge of drunkenness, disturbing the
peace, obstructing the sidewalk, inciting a
riot, making threats to do great bodily in
jury, and using language calculated to
cast doubts upon the respectability of the
policeman's profession and parentage. Po
liceman Peters also charged this very bad
citizen with having made threats to com
mit arson. .:■• ;,C
When asked for details regarding this
crowning crime Policeman Peters stated
that the fellow said he (Peters) was a
something that can only be expressed in
print by dashes and that he (the citizen)
had a blank blank big pull with the Police
Commissioners and would hate Peters
roasted if not fired bodily from the force.
Mr. McDermott, who resides in a nice,
modernly built house of his own away
down on Ninth street, had Mr. Rickstein
arrested on a charge of obstructing the
sidewalk.
Mr. Rickstein not only keeps a junk
store which occasions Mr. McDermott's
unbounded scorn, but he has a way of
making unfavorable remarks about Mr.
McDermott's nationality. He is well edu
cated and can "bla'guard," as Mr. Mc-
Dermott terms it, the neighbors in many
tongues. Mr. McDermott, it may be said
en passant, spoke one only, but the pho
netic quality of his voice and the innum
erable quantity •of his words more than
balanced Mr. Rickstein's polyglot powers.
They had often conversed over the back
yard fence, referring in uncomplimentary
terms to each other's race characteristics
and casting reflections upon the social
standing of their maternal ancestors. A
few days ago McDermott found a box of
"old clo' " in front of Mr. Rickstein's shop
and swore out the charge of obstructing
the sidewalk. Their eloquent debate was
continued in the Police Court.
"Didn't I tell ye that yer d— old trash
was an affinse to the block?" '
"Didn't you tell me to come around the
corner for three minutes and let you smash
mv bones?"
"Didn't I tell you if you left any more
crates of bottles ferninst my gate I'd put
the law on ye?"
"Didn't you tell me you'd lay me away
with my forefathers?'*
"Didn't ye air yer junk on me back
fince, and — ?"
"Didn't you have all the policemen on
the beat poking around after microbes
among my—?"
"Didn't ye— ?"
' "Didn't you—? - '
Then the court interposed itself between
them and shut oft' further debate.
Andrew Johnson sat in a Police Court
"bird-cage" yesterday morning all alone
and awaited "his fate. Out before the bar
the lawyers were fighting over another
case, the crowd trying it in their own
minds, and he was for the time being for
gotten. . * .
His fellows in bad luck had passed on
before, and solitary he sat with his sore
heart and sorer head, wishing.
Andrew had wished before. He was a
sailor, and a week previous, when his ship
was fighting her way to port through a
fierce south wester, he wished she was in
and safe from the wind-torn waves. Now
he wished she was out again and he was
out in her again. Andrew Johnson was
no: stranger" to those desires, for; he had
been in the same predicament before. He
had occupied a cell in every port in which
he had repented his water-front indiscre
tions.'V^£__S_iP^_p*_Sn^Sil^pßpQßMSßQa
He always landed to drink liquids that
made him . disturb the peace of shore
going folks, and the police in turn landed
him in i the "birdcage" to wish ne was at
sea again.':
Presently the court took cognizance of
the stranded mariner. The pathos of his
helplessness ? ' appealed to the judicial
mind. His Honor thought of the storm,
the days and nights of ceaseless and super
human struggle , for a life • that ■ was j not
worth the effort over the yawning deep.
The miserable object in the "cage" was
only a waif tossed and lost at sea. This
was the prisoner's case, His plea, and it
acquitted him.
-The doors were opened and Andrew
Johnson was told to go and sin no
more, which advice he will probably forget
in the next port.
THE YASHIMA.
A Firgt-Clasi Battle-Ship Built for the
Japanese.
■ The Yashima, a first-class - battle-ship,
built by the English Armstrongs for the
Japanese Government, has been success
fully launched at Elswick. The Yashima
was designed by G. C. Mackrow and
is the largest ironclad ever constructed
by English shipwrights for a foreign na
tion. Her sister-ship, the Feujiyama, is
being built by the Thames Iron Works.
The dimensions are: Length on water
line, 387. feet; breadth, 73 feet; draught,
with stores, 29 feet 3 inches; displacement
in tons, 13,150, with triple-expansion en
gines by Humphrey & Tennant of 14,000
indicated horsepower.
Both ships will carry five searchlights
and steam 18 knots. The armor belt is 226
feet long, 18 inches thick and the armor
deck 2*_ inches thick and terminates in a
powerful ram. There , are two military
masts with double tops and hydraulic der
ricks for lifting the boats, thirteen in
number, and two 56-foot vidette torpedo
boats. ;J >':::.> ■-■:*■■ ';
Each ship carries 3000 tons of Harvey ized
plates, contracted for by Messrs. Caramel
& Co. and -Messrs. Vickers of Sheffield.
Each ship will cos t"£ 780,000. The armament
will consist of tour 12-inch 49-ton guns,
ten 6-inch quick-firing guns, fourteen
3-pounder quick-tiring guns and ten 2»_
pounder quick-firing guns.
The guns will be manufactured at Els
wick, as also the torpedo tubes. The Jap
anese Government has lodged orders with
the same constructors for two other battle
ships of the size of the British warship
Renown, and a swift cruiser of 5000 tons
with Messrs. J. & G. Thompson of the
Clyde. . .
They have opened a torpedo manufac
tory at Yokosoka Navy-yard, where they
are at present constructing a 21-kno.
cruiser of 3700 tons and 10,000 indicated
horsepower engines, the latter being in
progress of manufacture by J. Perm &
Sons, Greenwich.
« » —
A Natural Well of Ink. _££
Dawson's ink well is no fake. Hundreds
of people in that part of the county have
carried away bottles of the wonderful fluid
discovered by J. H. Hicks while digging a
cistern. The ink flows freely from the
pen, dries rapidly and is as indelible as
the best manufactured writing fluid. It is
to be analyzed, and will be put upon the
market. The supply is inexhaustible, to
all appearances.— Louisville Courier-Jour
nal. . -X' ; i:'77X'C---7^7^
NEW TO-DAY.
nwsmmmff
Is No Better |
Than Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic
Specifics for other diseases.
No. 1 Cures Fever.
No. 2 " Worms.
No. 3 " Infants' Diseases,
No. 4- " Diarrhoea.
No. 7 " Coughs.
No. 8 Cures Neuralgia..
No. 9 " Headache.
No. lO " Dyspepsia.
No. 11 " Delayed Periods.
No. 12 '* Leucorrhoea.
No. 13 Cures Croup.
No. 14 '• Skin Diseases.
No, 15 " Rheumatism.
No. 16 " Malaria.
No. 19 " Catarrh. _
No. 20 Cures Whooping Cough.
No. 21 " Asthma.
No. 24 " General Debility.
No. 26 " Sea-Sickness,
No. 27 " Kidney Diseases.
No. 28 Cures Nervous Debility.
No. 30 " Urinary Diseases.
No. 32 " Heart Disease.
No. 34 . *- Sore Throat.
No. 77 " Colds and Crip.
Small bottles of pleasant pellets— fit the vest
pocket; sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon
receipt of price, _:6c, except .Nos. _8 and 32 are
made $1.00 size only. Humphreys' Medicine Co.,
11l William street, New York.
OUR GLASSWARE
NEVER BREAKS
Your Pocket Book.
LOOK AT THESE PRICES :
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, neat pattern,
2 styles, per set 25c
7-plece Berry Sets, Imitation cut
glass, new design, per set 60c
Imitation Cut Glass Vases, 8 Inch
high 15c
Imitation Cut Glass Vases, 9 Inch
high 20c
Very Pretty Glass Sugar Bowls,
new shape 15c
Individual Glass Cream Pitchers 5c
Sauce Plates for Berries or Ice-
cream, set of 6 15c
tSf All country orders promptly filled,
bend for Catalogue.
818-820 MARKET ST.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
/r^FT^ ■ once for a book
yfl&jl that explains how
m >y>\ full manly vigor
( _ -.oJ^-a^K is easily, quickly
■\ V- fff*i* .sV an «i permanently
_#«**_3__ *3__l l ><_rtriV restored. No man
■ y f^^r-r^"^&l)3L suffering from
I / __ WKi/v/ Wv^ weakness can af-
Xr^JiMSrJ _H__f ford to 11010 thia
7/C_^_?iA fliS*n timely advice,
■ __BS£_3_' 200 1 tolls how
"V* ~~x* , *-^**4_f n ii strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERI' MEDICAL CO., BUFFfILO.N.Y.
DR.WOMWOO __^.
Chinese ')rug« fi\-^<?^^\.
and Tea and Herb '• gff 4@
! Sanitarium, - - ft? T_fii
776 CLAY STKKET, BL ___» f_f
Bet, Kearny and Pupoat, __•*_ <^S_ W
'■. San Francisco. < ■ __^7 »Ql^ _%
I, the unij . i signed, have ■ - B M 7 . '■ . %8
been cured from kidney ljMaM& iff 
trouble, from which "l |r i-aSfT^ *-* t J
suffered for over 10 years. ¥ I J
by Dr. Wong Woo. &,«(■?" ____fn ___€
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 __SaS^3M9^GßS2fc_h
A.K.; 1t03,7t0 9 r. si. *\**\TISSsTK^WsB7m
NEW to-pat: :.
\r?*l- NOLAN BROS
! 1 -M shoe CO.
LATEST
STYLE
FINE
TAN
SHOES.
We Are the Only House That Haa
All the Very Latest
Tan Shoes.
No Old Styles in
Our Store.
Nothing but the Very Latest
And All Right Up
To the ilinute.
So When You Want
Tan Shoes
Come or Send Direct
To Our Store
And Buy Them at
Wholesale Prices.
We Are Making a Specialty of
Tan Shoes
And Can Suit Every One.
All Styles That Are Made in
Black Shoes
We Have in Tan.
This Week
We Will Sell
Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Button,
hand-turn soles, point. toes and tips, at..
... .$2 50 per pali
Ladles' Fine Tan Oxfords, French heels, hand-
turn soles, pointed toes and tips, .*'-' per pan
Ladles' Pine Tan Kid, Brown Cloth Top Ox-
fords, or .Southern Ties, hand-turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 50 per pali
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 per pali
Ladles' White Canvas Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed toes, at ....91 50 per pali
Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
Sizes 5 to 8 90*
Sizes B'<. to 11 $100
Sizes liy_ to 2... : $1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades in MEN'S TAN SHOES,
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send us your address and we will mall you a
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
left a 8 I R »i Bit! ft*_ KB I
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St., ,
PHELAX BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5527.
PROBATE SALE.
Under authority of sale given to me
by- the will of Anna M. Hathaway, de-
ceased, I will sell, subject to confirma-
tion by Probate Court, the lot of land
and building: on the northerly line ol
O'Parrell street, 27 6-12 feet east ol
Powell, east 27 6-12x77 6-12 feet.
Purchaser- will apply at room 11 on
tenth floor of Mills building. Immedi-
ate sale will be made.
JAMES* A. WHITE,
Executor of the will of
ANNA M. HATHAWAY,
ceased.
IWMWiiUxjr
WJ 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- ■DISEASES OF MIA*. IXCLUD-
Iug all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Book sent free.
Patients cored at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9 to 3 daily: ti:X) to 8:30 evening-. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address
l». KOSCOi: JIcJfCtTT. W.D..
SO*. Kei-rn.- Street, Mail rrt-m-Uco. C»l.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tin
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and *•
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and Wil-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratoraud Nervine.
Bells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
-V. Itl.lt, Al-l'S & BRINK, Agents,
323 Market St.. S." P.— (Send for Circular.)
[ip_ll_3HMl_lk
Bl^H These tiny Capsules are superior
kVJf to Balsam of Copaiba, /*""^V
' A l CubebsorlnjectionsandlMOfl
!__J 1 CUREIN43HOURS\ te
|_^ the came diseases without
\^ inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists.
HfJPi ■. Dr. Hall's Reinvigorator
[_$__* : *?§ l X_°top3 all loss** In _4 hours. Restores
S-S-l ■■ Manhood, Enlarges Small organs,
g •■ -. :■■ y ■ cure- Emissions, Impoiency, .Varlco-
■9l ETt*i3cele, "° : ' Fits, Strictures and all
l?T_ NUfH wasting effects of Keif-Abuse or Ex-
11*11] li_l_| cesses, bent R-aled, $2 per bottle.
kl9_J__S_l THREE BOTTLES, 95; guaranteed
___■________[ 1 1 > euro any case.
UK. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. Send for book,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, attorney-at-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 16-0
Fell st. Telephone.- "Pine" 2591.
910
BONIFACES SET
IN BATTLE ARRAY.
Master Spirits of the Hos
tellies at Sixes and
Sevens.
MONEY AT THE BOTTOM.
Some of the Local Innkeepers
Seem Not to Relish Being
Assessed.
CONSIDERABLE FEELING RIFE.
How Funds Were Raised for the
Entertainment of Visiting Eastern
Hotel Men.
Grumblings of discontent are making
themselves audible in the normally con
vivial ranks of the bonifaces. A good old
Book, little read and less understood, says
"The love of money is the root of all evil,"
and it would certainly seem as though the
tender passion for the dross of earth had
something to do with the present misun
derstanding anion, the hotel men and
others who contributed to the $10,000 or so
which was raised by subscription for the
entertainment of the visiting hostelry
keepers.
It appears that some months after the
Hotel Men's Association of California and
the Southern California Hotel Men's
Union had agreed to unite in a joint in
vitation to the Eastern hotel men a com
mittee of the first-named organization
started out collecting funds for defraying
the expenses attendant upon a fitting re
ception to their guests. The news that the
Easterners had accepted the invitation
filled the minds of local hotel-keepers with
visions of well-filled pocketbooks from
Boston and New York, and contributions
to the fund were many and, in the esti
mation of the donors at least, generous.
The committee consisted of S. F. Thome,
president, and R. H. Warfield, secretary of
the Hotel Men's Association, ex-oflicio; J.
C. Kirkpatrick, manager of the Palace
(chairman); K.B. Soule of the Lick House ;
Charles Montgomery of the Brooklyn ; F.
S. Douty of the Hotel del Monte and the
Tavern of Castle Crag and president of the
Pacific Improvement Company; George
P. Snell of the Hotel Vendome, San Jose,
and John R. Chace of the Pacific Ocean
House and Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz.
These gentlemen are business-like and
practical.
Theyare also well versed in the art of
doing things "in style." Hence, when
they saw that the donations were not
pouring in as they should a list of hotel
proprietors and purveyors was prepared;
and opposite each name was placed the
sum which it was thought its bearer should
contribute.
One fine day Mr. Soule sallied forth with
his list in his pocket to rake in the shekel.
which were to warm the cockles of Eastern
bonifacial hearts. But it wasn't all
smooth sailing.
"What do yon want of me?" wrathfully
inquired J. C. Young of the Russ House.
"What do you mean by assessing me for
$150? There's only one assessor that can
tackle me ana he's paid by the Govern
ment for doing it. I can't afford $150 any
how, and J won't pay it."
Others besides the genial Young rebelled
against the tribute. Gentle Major Hooper,
though he subscribed $300, intrenched his
patriaichal form behind the Occidental's
battlements and preserved inviolable
silence whenever the matter of payment
was broached.
Stanton, likewise, of the Baldwin, who
had been assessed for $400, drew about him
a mantle of impenetrable hauteur when
ever one of the collectors fell foul of him,
and numbers more followed the same
tactics. v_sS___i _; >_r.
Nor did the tradesmen take more kindly
to the thing. The wine and spirit mer
chants, to be sure, donated large quantities
of liquor for the entertainment of the
visitors, but the butcher, the baker and the
candlestick-maker formed a sort of triple
alliance, fiercely defensive. in character.
Many were the complaints as to the as
sessments, and the collectors began to find
life a burden.
Still, plenty of money came in where
with to defray immediate expenses, and a
tacit agreement was entered into that
grumbling and growling were to be post
poned until after the visitors from the
East should have returned thithei. All
would have gone well had not demands
been pressed for the payment of subscrip
tions. Duns, however, engendered cool
ness, and in some instances heat as well,
and the row which was to have been a
strictly family affair of a private nature,
now threatens to provide a Wild West
show for the sight-seeing Yankees. : -7:*-'~;
Most of the local hotel men exhibit an
infantile ignorance regarding the exist
ence of the tangle. Mr. Kirkpatrick and
Mr. Warren, when seen last night at the
Palace, were much surprised to learn that
aught beside brotherly love reigned among
their confreres. °
"It is really very peculiar," observed
Mr. Warren. "Perhaps there may be
some truth in it, but how can I say? I
know nothing about the whole affair. If
the report bits any foundation it must, at
all events, have been greatly exaggerated."
Major Hooper and Mr. Soule were "out,"
and their subordinates blissfully un
conscious of trouble. Mr. Stanton was
found at the Baldwin, but denied all
knowledge of the affair when questioned.
Mr. Thome, however, was more communi
cative.
"ln January, 1893," he said, "our organi
zation united with the Southern California
Association in an invitation to the Eastern
hotel men. Their last annual meeting
took place in New York City during the
ensuing May. We sent four delegates to
that meeting with our invitation, which
was accepted. Some months later I au-
. pointed the general entertainment com
mittee, of which I was ex-officio a member
and to which the work of receiving and
entertaining the visitors was confided.
"Of course, the business could not be
carried on without money, so the commit
tee started out to collect. The. first dona
tion,, amounting to $1000, was from the
Palace. The Grand gave foOO and the Del
Monte $750. Mr. Douty of the Del Monte
thought he had been assessed a ; little too
high, and at first sent us his check for $350
The committee, however, soon succeeded
in convincing ', him that he ought to act
more handsomely, and he . planked . down
the remaining $400 forthwith.
"It was arranged that the guests should
spend two days in the Coronado, the Hotel
del Monte and the Palace respectively,
and special rates were made for them in
all three hotels. Perhaps some of the
local hotel men may have imagined that
some of the visitors would • patronize their
establishments, but they seemed as a rule
to prefer the Palace. •
> "It was natural that they should desire
to stay at the best hotel in the City; This
fact was recognized by many members of
the association, Charles Montgomery of
the. American Exchange, , for instance,
donating $100 without any expectation
that his house would be selected by many
if any of the tourists for their > head
quarters. .}7:7 z 77i7: : . ;
"At the Palace I prepared accommoda
tions for eighty-five persons, and Weighty
four came. As I said, the rates were very
much reduced, and a 2-cent stamp would
be a liberal estimate of our gains.
"As for the money which was collected
every cent of it will be accounted for.
Our 'itineraries' in their dainty bindings
of Mexican embossed leatner cost us $2000.
Another big item will be the - hire of the
steamer Bay City, for the excursion next
Tuesday, $475, besides which the boat will
have to be well stocked with wines and
food. The wines will cost us nothing, but
the foou will, and we cannot surely offer
the poorest sort to our visitors. Every
thing costs, and I don't see how any mem
ber of the association can grumble at
being asked to bear bis share of the
expense."
Others have a different story to tell.
They speak in glowing terms of a special
car, fitted up with regal magnificence, and
with a buffet stored with all that could
delight hungry, and particularly thirsty,
humanity. In this moving palace the
committeemen are said to "have proceeded
in state to Barstow, where the glad hand
was extended in welcome to the Easterners.
And yet another tale is rife as to a dele
gation which boarded the train at Fresno,
and in the most business-like manner im
aginable booked the visitors for the Palace
by wholesale without ceremony. Mutter
ings of strife are also giving a tint of azure
to the atmosphere which circumscribes the
Pleasanton, where it is related that 0. M.
Brennan, enveloped in sackcloth and
seated in ashes, bewails tbe untimely
taking off ot five bright golden eagles.
"I don't know anything about the
affair," answered Mr. Young of the Russ
House when asked for light upon these
interesting rumors. "I don't want to say
anything that I can't substantiate. All I
know is that they came after me for $150,
and I told 'em I wouldn't pay it. I
couldn't afford it, really. I'm not going
to be assessed out of house and home by
anybody. Then, when I found hard feel
ings were being generated, I sent a dona
tion of $25 to the entertainment fund,
paid up my dues in the association and re
signed my membership in it.
"When I saw that a few men were run
ning the entire affair and trying to run
everybody else to boot I made up my mind
that the best thing for me to do was to
give the whole thing a wide berth."
Meanwhile doubt and distrust are har
rowing up the tender hearts of those
whose noble work in life is to provide
'food and lodging for man and beast."
STOLE VALUABLE JEWELS
The Wright Residence on
Leavenworth Street Broken
Into.
Three Pseudo -Potato Peddlers Seen
in the Locality Are Suspected
of the Crime.
A daring daylight burglary was commit
ted at the residence of G. H. Wright, 420
Leavenworth street, near O'Farrell, on
Tuesday, and since then the police have
been hunting for the burglars without
success.
Tuesday morning Mr. Wright left the
house, as usual, after breakfast, and Mrs.
Wright followed shortly afterward to do
some shopping. The servant girl, also,
took advantage of the occasion to go out
for a stroll.
The house stands back from the street
some yards. 'It is entirely bidden from
O'Farrell street by the large house on the
corner, which is built close up to the side
walk. To the south there is a high fence
with lattice work on top, which almost
hides the lower part from the view of peo
ple going north on Leavenworth street
from Ellis. Leading to the rear there is a
gateway, through which a carriage could
pass.
A few minutes after the servant girl left
three men, who looked like peddlers, were
seen to stop in front of the house. "One
went un the long flight of steps to the
front door, another went to the gateway
and the third stood on the | sidewalk,
apparently on the lookout.
The man at the front door rang the bell
several times and, receiving no response,
he joined his companion who had been
trying - to open ; the gateway to the rear,
and that was the last seen of the two.
When Mrs. Wright returned home about
noon she was surprised to find the rear
door open. ..She hastily went upstairs, and
everything was in confusion. The bed
rooms had been thoroughly ransacked.
Bureau drawers had been pulled out and
their contents emptied on the floors. Her
jewelry box had been broken open, and
her diamond rings and other jewelry were
missing. , The rear door had been forced
open with a "jimmy," the marks being
plainly.visible. •—•--. 6
Mr. Wright was communicated with and
he hurried home. - What annoyed him
most of all - was that his diamond stuos
had been taken out of a dress shirt in his
bureau drawer, and the marks of the
burglar s fingers were plainly visible on
front of the shirt where he had been
pressing it to extract the studs.
Jewelry and other articles to the value
of between, $800 and $1000 were stolen.
Mr. right notified police headquarters,
and Detectives Gibson and Wren were de
tailed on the case. „'," ■
The detectives yesterday recovered a
portion of the stolen property and they
have got a clew to the burglars. The
probability is they will be arrested at any
time.
The utmost secrecy has been maintained
by - the police as to the burglary, and a
visit to the Wright residence yesterday
afternoon was not productive of any in
formation.
The servant-girl answered the door-bell,
and to the inquiry for details of the burg
lary she replied, "I guess you're ahead of
time; there hasn't been a burglary here,"
arid she closed the dooor in the inquirer's
face. . ;-. 4 ..-.- ";."; *. : -.; ;
'■"- The police are satisfied it ia the same
gang of pseudo potato peddlers who have
committed several daylight burglaries in
that neighborhood within the past three
months. ',
Mr*. Venter's Lecture Postponed.
On account of the inclement weather, Mrs.
Mabel Jennets Venter decided to postpone her
lecture until Tuesday afternoon next, at the
Columbia Theater, at 3:30 o'clock. Mrs. Ven
ter received over 100 letters from prominent
ladies throughout this City and OaKland ask
ing her for some other day.
:In 1815 the first asylum for deaf and
dumb children was founded in London.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
BOY BURGLARS ARRESTED
They Broke Into an Empty House
and Stole the Lead
Pipe.
THE RINGLEADER ESCAPES.
William Moy and Elmer Thomas Did
Not Think They Were Doing
Anything Wrong.
Numerous complaints have been re
ceived at police headquarters from real
estate agents of empty houses in the West
ern Adaition being broken into and the
lead piping cut and carried away. The
cost of replacing the pipes throughout the
houses was considerable, and there was no
guarantee that the new piping would not
be destroyed and stolen.
Special orders were given to the police
in the Western Addition to be on the look
out for the men or hoys responsible for
such willful destruction of property, and
the officers kept their eyes and ears open
when passing empty houses.
Yesterday afternoon Sergeant Blank
saw two boys turning into Van Ness ave
nue from Turk street. Each was carrying
a well-filled sack and the sergeant's suspi
cions were aroused. . He went after the
boys and when they saw him they dropped
their burdens and ran. The sergeant pur-
William Moy and Elmer Thomas, the Latest Boy Burglars, Arrested Yesterday
• for Despoiling Vacant Houses of Lead Water Pipe.
sued and overtook them after running sev
eral blocks.
The sergeant took them back to where
they had dropped the sacks, and on open
ing these he discovered they were full oi
lead pipe. The boys refused to say where
they got the pipe, and the sergeant rang
for the patrol wagon and had them and
the sacks taken to the City Prison.
They boys gave their names as William
Moy, 16 years of age, and Elmer Thoma?,
11 years of age. Detective Harry Rey
nolds was detailed on the case, and he had
a talk with the boy Thomas, who said he
would show him where the pine was ob
tained. He took the detective to the
empty house, 827 Turk street. All the
lead pipe leading from sinks, bathrooms
and toilet-rooms had been cut and carried
away, and water was pouring into the
basement and flooding it.
The detective turned the water off and
went . back to the prison with the boy
Thomas, who was booked for burglary
along with Moy, his companion. ° '
Thomas is an innocent-looking boy with
big brown eyes. He did not at all realize
the fact that he had committed a crime
and spoke freely of what he had done.
"It was a big boy called Bess McEwen,"
he said, "that got me to go with him and
■o _-**'. I go to the Lincoln Grammar
School, and two days ago I met McEwen
on the street and he said he knew an easy
way to make some money. He told me to
meet him this morning and he would tell
me what to do.
"I met him and Moy and we went to the
house, 827 Turk street. McEwen opened a
window and we got inside. Then he cut
away all the lead pipe, and we helped him
pack it into the sacks and take it to a junk
dealer to be sold. McEwen went one way
and we went down Van Ness avenue, and
the sergeant chased us and caught us.
"This is the first time I have done any
thing of the kind, and I didn't think I was
doing anything wrong, as the house was
empty. -•■ . ' .'_ ..•':;■■;;•.• ..;'- '^x^'jxx
"My mother is a dressmaker, and lives
at 15 Folsom street. Myj father is a car
penter, and lives in San Bernardino. He
is separated from my mother.*'
Moy is an, intelligent, fine-looking boy.
He also blames McEwen for inducing him
to go to the house. "I didn't go inside,"
said Moy, "till after McEwen had cut all
the leadpipe, and then I helped him to ,
The Handsome and Substantial $25,000 Building Now. B ; ing Erected by Dr.. E. L. We hole at the
Corner of Kentucky and Napa streets in the Souther, Heights Litre.
pack it. It is the only place where I have
done anything of the kind.
"I was arrested about four months ago
for stealing four pans, but it was proved
that another boy did it, and I was dis
charged. At that time I was a cashboy at
Samuels' Lace House, and I did not go
back. I did not like the job anyhow.
"My father is a bartender in a saloon on
Hayes street and we live on Minna street,
between Seventh and Eighth."
Detective Reynolds has a good descrip
tion of McEwen and expects to have him
under arrest soon.
Two Thieving Boys. .
Abe Leipschuetz, 13 years of age, and
Emil Holloway, 9 years of age, were sent
by Judge Campbell yesterday to the Boys
and Girls* Aid Society for six months.
They were , arrested on Friday by Police
man Irvine for stealing twenty meal
tickets from the Newsboys' restaurant on
Powell street. They had been arrested
before for petty' larceny. Leipschuetz'
parents live at 23 Stockton street and Hol
lo way's at 307 Linden street.
'.- '■''■'-. . :■ " - . ■ '■:
Father Yorke'a Next hectare.
"Man's Inhumanity to Man" will be the
subject of the next lecture of the course under
the auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League, to be given by Father Yorke. at Metro
politan Temple, to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock.
Owing to the rapid growth of the membership
of the league the executive committee secured
larger rooms for headquarters and have moved
into room 6, Donohoe building, corner of Mar
ket and Taylor streets, where tickets for the
rest of the lectures will loitinue to be sold.
Tickets will also be sold at 1019 Van Ness
avenue. Admission will be 25 cents and re
served seats 50 cents.
Good News for "Drunka."
Captain Robinson of the City Prison re
ceived an order yesterday signed by the Police
Judges, that persons arrested for "simple
drunk" on Saturdays should be released on
Sunday mornings instead of being kept in
prison till Monday morning. Judge Low con
sulted with Chief Crowley on the subject and
the Chief said it should have been done years
ago.
POTRERO IMPROVEMENTS
Southern Heights People Imbued
With the Spirit of
Progress.
Dr. E. L. Wimple's New Business and
Residence Block at Napa and
Kentucky Streets.
By the use of modern machinery and
the expenditure of money with liberality,
the Potrero Land and Improvement Com
pany is bringing the Southern Heights
into a condition compatible with the
heights of modern civilization. Hollows
are being filled in, tons of blue rock dis
lodged and dumped into yawning chasms,
and the streets put into good condition. •
The latest architectural ornament in the
shape of a substantial building in the
district is in the course of construction at
the intersection of Kentucky and Napa
streets, on the site where once stood the
renowned "King" McManus' headquar
ters. The old house where so many hard
political fights took place was removed
some time ago by its owner, E. L. Wimple,
who . had plans . drawn for a handsome,
two-story building. When finished it will
be an ornament to that part of Kentucky
street. It will consist of four flats and six
stores.
The stores will front on both streets.
The corner one will be occupied by the
owner as a drugstore, with fine residence
quarters in the building. A barber-shop,
with several bathrooms attached, will be
on the side fronting on Napa street, which
leads directly toward the Union Iron
Works and Rolling-mills.
The building has a frontage of sixty
feet with a depth of a hundred feet, which
gives ample room for large stores beneath
and residence flats overhead.
When finished the building will cost its
owners2s,ooo. A few more such structures
on the Southern Heights would tend to
bring that district into prominence.
TWO ROADS TO
DE CONSOLIDATED
A Move by the Southern
Pacific in the Interest
of Economy.
EFFECT OF THE CHANGE
The South Pacific Coast and the
Coast Divisions to Be Under
One Regime.
L. FILLMORE HAS RESIGNED.
Superintendent Frazier to Have Charge
of the Combined Divisions No
Change in Service.
As a matter of economy, the South Pa
cific Coast Railroad, the narrow-gauge line
operated between this City and Santa
Cruz, is to be consolidated on June 1 with
the coast division; the broad-gauge line
which runs from Third and Townsend
streets, and which will soon be the route
for the through trains between New Or
leans and this City.
This is a matter which has been in con
templation for several years past, and was
finally decided upon about three weeks
ago, when General Manacer Krutschnitt
referred the matter to Manager J. A. Fill
more for the arrangement of all the de
tails. '7<7;77
The consolidated roads will be under
the superintendency of James L. Frazier,
the present superintendent of the Coast
division, while L. Fillmore, who is the
superintendent of the South Pacific Coast,
will retire from railroad work after the
first of June for good. All the other of
ficials and office employes of the narrow
gauge road will be provided with employ
ment in some other department of the
Southern Pacific Company.
When General Manager Kruttschnitt
was asked about the matter, he said it had
been discussed for some time, owing to
the falling off in business that had re
sulted from the general commercial and
financial depression, and that the move
was entirely induced by motives of
economy. ■ --.-■"•<. .."-.-'■
"Does the consolidation mean any bet
terments, such, for instance, as the* con
version of the narrow gauge road into a
standard or broad gauge line?" was asked.
"Not at all," responded Mr. Krutt
schnitt. "We shall do nothing in the
way of improvements on any of our lines
until money becomes easier. Our work
will be confined strictly to matters that
are absolutely necessary to maintain the
efficiency of our service. We do not look
for any great improvement in financial
matters until after the election.
"So far as the narrow gauge is concerned
its conversion into a standard gange will
be an undertaking of great expense.
There are four tunnels between here and
Santa Cruz, and none of these are wide
enough to allow of the laying of broad
gauge tracks nor the passage of broad
gauge cars. One of these is about a mile
long and another is about a mile and a
quarter. They are all strongly timbered,
and to widen them would not only mean
the expense of the additional excavation
but that of retimbering. 1 bave no doubt
that this work will have to be done,
but at present it is impossible to fix
the time." ';*>" ..: . .
For further details regarding the con
solidation the reporter was referred to
Manager J. A. Fillmore, who is enjoying
a vacation at Paso Robles. Telephone
communication was opened up with Mr.
Fillmore and he made the following state
ment:
"The consolidation of the roads will be
made on June 1. The move is one in the
''interests of economy and will place both
divisions under one management, thus
saving the expense of maintaining two
sets of officers, books and employes. The
resignation of Superintendent L. Fillmore
is now in my hands. He intends to retire
altogether irom railroading, and the other
attaches of the narrow gauge will be taken
care of in other branches of our service.
I The service on these divisions will be in
no particular changed. Superintendent
Frazier will assume the management of
both divisions."
Recalling a story published in the Exam
iner the day after . Mr. Fillmore left for
Paso Robles to the effect that he was seri
ously ill, the gentleman was asked if his
health had improved since his sojourn at
the springs. To this came the answer
wafted over the -wire, with a clearly pre
ceptible trace of humor in it:
•.•Well, I hardly know if I have improved
any. Bat the day after my arrival I took
an eighteen-mile drive about the country,
and if I can only recover my appetite I
will feel more hopeful.' I only could take
two steaks for breakfast this morning,"
Then came a gurgle of self-satisfied
laughter and "Say, I wish you'd break the
neck of that reporter who wrote that 'fake'
for the Examiner." j
FILLMORE'S CAREER.
A Railroad Man From the Afire of. 21.
Illness Causes His Re
tirement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 25. J
Luther Fillmore, superintendent of the
South Pacific Coast Railway, 'has resigned
his position owing to ill health, and about
June 1 will go to Wyoming to spend the
summer.
Mr. Fillmore is an uncle of J. A. Fill
more, manager of the Pacific system of
the Southern Pacific lines, and has held
the position he is now relinquishing since
March, 1884. At that time the line was
the property of Fair and Flood. It was
sold to the Southern Pacific . Company
some four years later.
The beginning of Mr. Fillmore's : rail
roading was a contract he had at the age
of 21 to grade a section of the Syracuse
and Binghamton road in New York State.
From there he went to the Delaware, Lack
awanna and Western Railroad in Penn
sylvania, where he remained fifteen years.
He began by laying track, and went up
through all the stages from brakeman,
conductor, dispatcher to division superin
tendent.
During the latter service the Civil War
was at its height, and one Sunday night
he went to the Methodist church with two
others, and, cutting the sermon short,
raised a company of men to go to the de
fense of the State capital.
He was chosen captain, but an imperative
order from the railroad president for him
to stay at his post and assist his country
by keeping the road in such condition that
it could rush coal forward for the Govern
ment was sufficient to keep him from ever
seeing Harrisburg.
In 1869 he came West to Laramie, Wyo.,
and accepted the position of division
superintendent on the Union Pacific from
Cheyenne to Ogden. After three year.'
service he resigned and went into the cat
tle business. This he conducted eight
years quite successfully.
_ The last three years he came to San
Francisco to spend the summers. The
last year just as he was ready to return he
was met by Mr. Davis/who made him the
tender of the position he is now leaving.
He agreed to take it if allowed until
March to settle his Wyoming business,
which was agreed to. !
"I have found." said he to-night, -'that
I must give up business or give up my
life. My head has bothered me a great
deal since my sickness a year ago and I
believe it will be good for me to go back to
NEW TO-DAT. __...,,
CKXXXXK><><>O^
X Three Up=to=Date Garments. 6
X iwJi^'' J^ Sm_ JUSt aS " eW and corrcctas these are. A
A '^^\l9/ m Hvrl !ar -- esttxc * us, Cloak and Suit hue Q
X -^t&rj/// M % ft/ _ I a, . >" s satisfactory mail order ser* ?
Q garments with those sold elsewhere. Q
0 Jackets. Capes. A
1 30 LIGHT TAN JACKETS— 60 ALL-WOOL CLOTH CAPES V
VJ Finest finished kersey— ripple —cut very full— scalloped all _S
I backs-Bishop sleeves— nov- round— finished with neat V
Q elty buttons— pockets patched soutach braid— pointed collars : ' ■' V A''
T on outside— fine silk finish— —black, blue and tan— a value <_• ono V
Q the regular $20 jacket. Ourfl_l K. 00 at $4. Our very special price »_*>_*? A
X very special price w-L*-' " " Vj
0 * 50 ALL-WOOL KERSEY A
V 200 ALL - WOOL KERSEY CLOTH CAPES— 20 Inches O
fk CLOTH JACKETS — war- long— cut extra full— fine high X
\f ranted not to spot In the rain finished cloth— trimmed with O
A —the latest sleeves and backs 7 rows of braid— pearl buttons 1
VJ —box fronts, buttoned with 8 —black, blues, tans and - ti
JL small pearl buttons— regular browns— ' ask S3 for V
VJ price $12 50. Our very special CJQ.OO this grade. Our very special aa un ' A
T price tip-' price .fro' V
V 75 TAN COVERT CLOTH JAC- VERY FINE ALL-WOOL X KR- -.--•-•  ■ O'
Q KETS — All wool — large SEY CLOTH CAPES— Extra A
V sleeves— new cut backs— fine . wide— lined with fancy Dres- 'vj
/*x pearl buttons— all sizes— ' • - den silks— finished with cloth . A
V worth $9 at the least. Our fig C. 00 straps and pearl buttons— real O
A very special price, »4P*J value $11. Our very special _>7 oo 7r> JL
V rice ♦© I— - O
6 Shirt Waists. — — A
A Three Great Leaders This Week. I Ladies' Dresses. A
A FINE PERCALE-l_To design. CQC " Jre^ses-aU-w,-* __S_S A
X wv cheviots— in many shades of \J
O T-TVP" prRPATFc; fn.oiM^ni coloring-skirts extra wide A
\J FINE PI-KCALKS-in solid COl- ?_ Bdtll^l.^.^S,8 d tll^ I.^.^S, -"*. 9
9 rrtc^aS&^s blues- 75° rustling lining-jackets fly 8
9 front cellar aX n uffs° n the 75° tBl fnd silk^d-thebe,^ (S
1 front, collar and cuffs I_» tailor work. Instead of 18 i&l COO I
V FINE DIMITY-in Dresden ef- our special price ...^lO ,Q
0 feels, with white detachable ffl»*l .25 100 LADIES' REEFER A
A -3P- 1 - DRESSES -Best all - wool V
VJ .-■••. j » i « : _l'- cheviots— effects and A
A Children's Jackets. J°« 15Z.J*'*?-i,* n 5: blue » x
0 inn t CHILDREN'S. REEFER __**_ ba^ -double-breasted A
A JACKETS-All wool-double- skirts extra wide, throuc-h— O
A JACKETS-All wool-double- skirts extra wide, with ftlff V
V breast ed-brass buttons-col- lining-all sizes-ultra stylish O
$ KELLY & LIEBEsfI2O Kearny Street _
<!h>o<*k><>o<k>o-o-o-o--<>^
— ** -=! '''*'***''^**' > *f*?*?»--_____i
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
SECOND RELAY
•*^®-OP T*EII_!--v_*v--_-
GRAND SPECIAL SALE!
Best or All the Bargains
Will Be Sold in ", 7 <^"^^ ■
This Relay.
* -^_-a»»-- s,,^^C_» O vS- tttt- 0 _,_-
-__**__«goo»^\*Wl^!C^ 1,, ~~ Cf V** x *^^
V). "P^t^**^^ To Be Sold at
x^^^^ 50c on the Dollar
tgj^^ CONSISTING OF— —
TOYS, FANCY GOODS, NOTIONS, TOILET ARTICLES,
Stationery, Fans, Albums, Purses, Bags,
Soaps, Perfumery, Platedvvare, Clocks
Jewelry, Watches, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery,
Gloves, Housefurnishing Goods, . *'
Men's Furnishings, Hats, Trunks, Valises,
Dolls, Baby Carriages, Vases, Flower Pots, Etc.
DAVIS^ROS.,
. 718 Market Street '
Wyoming this summer and get a complete
change of climate." ; '
WATCHING COPYISTS.
Auditor Broderick Is Keeping Track of
i" the .Employes In County Clerk
Curry's Office.
When the copyists in County Clerk Cur
ry's office appear in Auditor Broderick'a
office for their warrants for May they will
probably be asked some questions which
they have not previously been called upon
to answer. t;i'.V._; ~-l
The law as interpreted by Mr. Curry
says that he may employ three copyists
for each of the Superior Courts, making
thirty-six in all, and that they shall be
paid for the actual time engaged in copy
ing at the ' rate of $3 per day. Auditor
Broderick for the past two or three months
has been auditing bills for each of the
thirty-six men which Mr. Curry keeps on
the payroll at the rate of $78 each per
month, or the full twenty-six working
days of each month. While not having
any definite information that the men are
not working full • time Mr. Broderick
wishes to be convinced that they are, and
will ask that Mr. Curry certify under oath,
as is required from other municipal offi
cers, that the employes have earned the
amount of money they demand.
Weather and the Chutes.
The weather and the chutes had a lively
contest during the week and the weather by
far got the best of it, it being necessary to
close the popular pleasure grounds five days
out of the six. This afternoon if tbe rain
does not come down in torrents and the wind
Is not too high, Essie Viola, the daring little
aeronaut, will make a balloon ascension and
parachute drop dressed in a bloomer costume.
Though but a girl of 17 she does not seem to
know what fear is, and a year ago yesterday
when her balloon caught fire in (Jympie,
Queensland, and burned until she reached an
altitude of 3000 feet when she cut loose and
landed safely, she was the only self-possessed
person within a radius of ten miles.
The chutes will be opened at 10 o'clock this
morning and will not be closed • until 11 at
night.COLLEGE CRACKS
SCORE ALIKE
The Stanford and Berkeley
Meet at the Olympic
Grounds.
ANOTHER BIG FIELD DAY
A Wheeling Accident Keeps Palo
Alto From Winning a
Great Victory.
THE EXCITING HURDLE BACE.
What the Captains of the Two Teams
Have to Say of the Day's
Occurrences.
The steady development of the Stanford
athletes is shown by the comparative points
scored in the intercollegiate field days up
to date. In the first two meets second
place in an event counted three points
instead of two, hence the larger total.:
Date. California. Stanford.
April 22, 1893 "....91 ...35
April 28. 1894 ...90..... 36
April 13, 1895 67 45
April 25, 1896 56 56
How evenly the points were divided up
to the very last event of the field day is
shown by the subjoined table. First place
counted five, second place two, and third
place one. It can also be seen by the fig
ures in what events each college was par
ticularly strong:
Event. California. Stanford.
120-yard hurdle 1:.. ........... 7
440-yard run 6 2
Mile run , 7 1
Pole vault 1 , 7
100-yard dash 7 1
Mile walk 2 6
880-yard run 1 7
Running high Jump.... 5. 3
Running broad jump.. 7 1
Two-mile bicycle 1 - 7
Phot put 5 3
220-yard hurdle 3 5
220-yard dash 7.. 1
Hammer throw 3.............. 5
Totals 56 56
The Intercollegiate field-day contests
between the athletic teams of Stanford and
Berkeley at the Olympic grounds yester
day afternoon resulted in a tie.
A cold and strong southwest wind was
blowing during the games, causing the
thinly-clad sprinters and jumpers to
shiver and look blue. Even the spectators
shuddered in the breeze and sought the
most sheltered portions of the grandstand,
from which points of vantage they
watched with keen interest the perform
ance of the well-trained athletes.
Of course, Berkeley expected to win the
day, but there are disappointments in
outdoor athletics as well as in any other
game, and the shrewdest of prognostica
tors are occasionally mistaken when call
ing the turn of an athletic contest.
It was whispered around for some
weeks prior to meeting that Captain
Brown of the Stanford athletic team had
bis men in splendid condition, and that
Berkeley would need to be careful when
making predictions of what the result
would be.
Excepting a few of the knowing ones
who had a good line on tbe men who were
entered for the great annual field-day trial
all others interested in the game expected
to see the wearers of the blue and gold re
tire crowned with victory.
But the Stanford boys made a great bid
for first place, and would certainly have
defeated their opponents were it not for
an unfortunate accident which happened
to Frazier. When rounding a sharp turn
at the east end of the track under full
speed he came to grief. His pedal struck
the ground and the rider .was pitched
sprawling on the cinders. Cushing of
Berkeley, who was a few yards behind
Frazier when the latter spilled, saw that
it would be a matter of impossibility to
ride around the upset wheel, and putting
on an extra spurt, he ' shot his bike over
Frazier's wheel and narrowly escaped
striking the head of the cyclist, who was
brushing off the track cinders from his
nose. " --
The race was won by Cushing, who de
feated another Berkeley rider by a few
yards. This gave the U. C. team six
points, which number they badly needed
about that time.
The consensus of opinion was that
wheeling events should not be included in
an intercollegiate athletic competition.
The sprints were very exciting, owing to
the close finishes and the excellent time
made by the runners.
The finish of the 220-yard hurdle . race
was one of the grand features of the day's
sports." There were three contestants, Rey
nolds and Dole of Stanford, and Torrey,
the crack hurdler of Berkeley.
Almost everybody expected to see To i*
rey show his opponents a clean pair of
heels from start to finish, but such was not
the case. The three sprinters broke very
evenly off their marks at the crack of the
gun and flew like startled deer down the
stretch which is nearest the grand stand.
: 'At the west turn Dole, who had been
nursing a sore heel, struck a hurdle and
came to grief, leaving Reynolds and Tor
rey to fight it out to a finish. The cham
pion hurdlers of the two colleges were
traveling very fast, especially in the last
100 yards. j The Berkeley boys yelled them
selves hoarse, shouting at Torrey to let out
a link, but he was going at his finest, with
Reynolds at his shoulder, and cutting
down the cinders in rapid style.
Now came the Stanford yell, which
shook the old rafters of the grand stand,
and Reynolds on hearing Captain Brown's
voice, - forged an inch or so ahead, but
Torrey had an extra spurt at the same
time, which landed him a winner by about
four inches.
It. was a grand race, and considering
that the sprinters had to make a sharp
turn, which must have materially inter
fered with their stride, the time was ex
ceptionally fast. The three watches
registered 26 seconds, which lowers the
coast intercollegiate record by 1 3-5 seconds.
Bremmer of Harvard holds the Ameri
can intercoliegiate record, 24 3-5 seconds,
which he made last year on a fast straight
way track.
One of the surprises of the day was the
grand performances of Brunton, -a Stan
ford freshman. He competed in the
sprinting and jumping events and cap
tured many points. In the first heat of
•the 100-yard dash he finished easily in
10*4 seconds and, under favorable condi
tions, he could have done better than
10 2-5.
A strong south wind was blowing on the
runners' back from start to finish, which
aided them very materially in making fast
time. In the final dash of the 100 Colonel
Edwards of Berkeley, who was one of the
official timers, caught the winner in 10
seconds, but the watches . held by Peter
Mclntyre— the father of Pacific Coast
timers and Dr. Wood registered 10 2-5 sec.,
which times were nearest the mark.
.. Young Brunton has a very promising
future before him and will certainly lower
many of the present sprinting records in
next season's competitions provided be
does not grow careless and neglect to train
when the opportunity permits.
Had it not been for the strong cold wind
that blew into the faces of the contesting
pole-vaulters some extraordinary perform
ances would have been announced.
As it was the coast intercollegiate record
was lowered a few inches and the athlete
who accomplished the neat trick of clear
ing 10 feet 2 inches remarked after the
game that if the conditions had been
favorable he would have scaled 10 feet
6 inches, which performance, by the way,
is getting pretty well up into the sky.
The great Robert Edgren of Berkeley
did not do as well in the shot-putting and
hammer-throwing events as his many
friends had expected.
Robert did not smash any records, but
he talked very strong language to Wilbur,
Stanford's crack heavy-weight, who cap
tured the shot-put, and made matters very
interesting for his opponents in the ham
mer-throwing event.
Wilbur informed Edgren that there were
others who could talk occasionally, and
who could box a little bit when the oc
casion called for a fistic matinee.
. But all this was child like and bland and
quickly disappeared with the south breeze.
The starting of the sprinting events by
Leonard Gill of the Olympic Club reflected
much credit on • that : official, and the
refereeine of John ;, Elliott was first class
and gave general satisfaction.
Following are the events, giving the
names of the men in the order in which
they finished— the figures for the winner
following his name:
One hundred and twenty-yard hurdle-race—
H. B. Torrey (California), 16 1-5 seconds B.
Bakewell (California), C. ■S. Dole (Stanford).
H. B. Reynolds (Stanford) fell at the eighth
hurdle while running strong and leading Tor
rey by a yard. Torrey's time beat the coast
intercollegiate record of 16 4-5 seconds, made
by Hoffman and Dyer of California in 1894.
440-yard run— J. Brunton (Stanford), 53 sec
onde; F. Magee (California), ,J. Colhver (Stan
ford), C. Morse (California):. The first three
men were five yards apart at the finish. X:
. Mile' run— D. E. Brown (Stanford) 4 minutes
47 seconds; E. W. Smith (Stanford), W. Jack
son (California). Brown • finished -in a trot
twenty; yards ; ahead of the others. Stanford
man was ten yards ahead of Jackson.
Pole vault— R. Lloyd (California), 10 feet 2»4
inches; F. Mumma (California), 10 feet; C.S.
Dole (Stanford), failing on the 10-foot mark, v
100-yard dash, : first I heat— Brunton : (Stan
lord), 10J£ seconds by two yards; Dickie | (Cali
fornia), •• Holbrook . (Stanford) ; ' second heat—
Bernhard (Stanford), 10 1-5 seconds, with two
yards lead; Toombs (Stanford), Chick (Cali
fornia).
Final 100-yard dash— J. P. Bernhard (Stan
ford), 10 2-5 seconds, two feet ' ahead; J. Brun
ton (Stanford), W. ; Dickie ; (California) a foot
behind Brunton. : .... .'?,-',■
. Mile walk-^L. Mer win (California), by 10 yards
in 8 minutes 22 4-5 seconds; H. B. Jack (Stan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
ford), Holton (California), F. Wilkinson (Stan
ford), close up. • ;' :'• , ; •
7: 880- yard run— R. Carroll (California), 2 min
utes 9 1-5 seconds; E. J. Brown (California),
E. W. Smith (Stanford), J. Gist (California).
The place men were all about five yards apart
at the finish. -7X7"7
* Running high jump— 8. . Dole (Stanford),
5 feet 6*4 inches; L. Miller (California), F.
W. Koch (California), B. Bakewell (California),
George Toombs (Stanford).
- Running broad Jump— J. Brunton (Stanford),
20 feet 4 inches; George : Toombs (Stanford),
A. Dorn (California). F. W. Koch (California).
Two-mile bicycle race: First heat— Craft (Cal
ifornia), • 5 mm. 44 1-5 sec. by a wheel; Rober
(Stanford), '; Aufenger ; (Stanford). . Aufenger
set the pace and disposed of Roos (California);
second heat— Cushing - (California), 6 mm.
1 1-5 sec. Frazier (Stanford), ; Seybolt
(Stanford). Final heat— R. Cushing (Cali
fornia), 5 mm. 43 sec: G. Craft (Cali
fornia), N. Roper (Stanford). -Frazier, on
skirting the north turn on the ninth lap,
struck a pedal against the ground and was.
thrown violently, the winner managing to
avoid the wreck and speed on.
16-pound shot-nut— R. T. Wilbur (Stanford)
39 feet 9*_ inches, Robert Edgren (California)
39 feet 3 inches, R. Lloyd (California), C.
Fickert (Stanford).
220-yard hurdle: First beat— Torrey (Cali
fornia), 27 3-5 seconds; Pole (Stanford) ; second
heat— Reynolds (Stanford), 30 1-5 seconds on
trot; Chestnut (California); final heat— ll. B.
Torrey (California), 26 seconds ;by ; half
a yard, H. B. Reynolds (Stanford), |C. S. Dole
(Stanford). It was the prettiest race of the
day and broke both the coast and the inter
collegate records. Dole hurt himself on the
third hurdle and limped painfully to the fin.
ish for the point.
220-yard dash: First heat— Brunton (Stan
ford) won by two yards in 24 seconds, Dickie
(California); second heat— Bernhard (Stan
ford) won also in 24 seconds, Chick
(California), Colliver (Stanford); final heat—
J. P. Bernhard (Stanford), 23 1-5 seconds,
J. Brunton (Stanford) very close up. Dickie
(California) two yards . behind. It was, with
one exception, the fastest race for the distance
ever run on the Olympic grounds and smashed
the intercollegiate record. Ed Mays (Cali
fornia) once made the distance in 23 second
in favorable weather, but had to beat the great
Henderson to do it.
16-pound hammer throw— Robert Edgren
(California), 134 feet 7J_ inches, with a ham
mer 4 oz. over weight, and 136 feet 5 inches
with a hammer 7 oz. underweight; G. Hazzard
(Stanford), 126 feet 4 inches; K. J. Wilbur
(Stanford), 119 feet 11 inches, C. Fickert (Stan
ford), 119 feet 9 Inches, A. Dorn (California).
Up to the final event the score stood 53 to 51
in favor of Stanford, but it was expected that
Edgren and Dorn would together win the first
two places at least and secure the match, but
when Wilbur beat Bora's best throw, there
was great surprise, as the score was then a tie.
OAPTAIH TOOMBS' VIEWS.
More Than He Expeoted, and Virtually a
Stanford Victory.
After four years of hard and patient work in
developing track athletics, Stanford has at last
succeeded in proving to Berkeley that the
cardinal can put in the field a team of track
athletes second not even to the invincible
football and baseball teams that have been
fostered at Palo Alto. -
Although we have known for some time
that this field day would be a close contest, I
had hardly thought that our team could tie
Cj*t* —
Hjjiwiit. It vuy>.n nt
" JosTluartft fooT-Mit q/j^cT*
the score. 1 had confidently expected that
Stanford would ecore at last 50 out of the 112
points. . .
The most phenomenal work of the day was
that done by Brunton and Bernhard, our two
sprinters. It was equal to exhibitions of
■printing that have seldom been seen in the
East. ,..'..
Harry Reynolds in the 220-yard hurdle was
also fine, and if he had hot fallen in the 120
--yard ] hurdle the ; chances : are that he would
have made Torrey work hard for his honors,
for he was a yard ahead when be fell.
Dole, owing to his injured heel, did not do
what he is capable of in the pole vault by at
least a foot, but he retrieved himself by win
ning the high jump. .
v Jack, our new man, in the mile walk did
well, and I think that Wilkinson should have
been • given third ' place in that event, for
Holton clearly broke throughout the finish.
Smith, a freshman, showed _n the distance
run tbat there is in him the making of an
athlete. ■_. . " '-■.'"
The track events generally were excellent
performances, while the field events were not
up to what had been expected. . But taking it
all in all it was certainly the best field day
ever held on this coast. .. , :> .7-7x1.^7.
The weather threatened to be bad, but turned
out better - than was expected, although the
afternoon was unusually chilly, and affected
the men accordingly. ilt blew some, too,' the
wind favoring the finishes in the runs and the
sprints, but greatly interfering with the field
events. ' ■'. "..'".'77 ■■'. '7.7-...
If Edgren had not contested Stanford would
have bad a victory. And this leads - all . Stan
ford people to feel as though it were our victory,
for Edgren, according to the specific agreemen ts
entered into by Berkeley; and Stanford con
cerning the scholastic requirements of partici
pants ; in v the Intercollegiate events, was , cer
tainly not eligible to compete. By a technical
ity we could have kept him out of the contest,
but we did not feel that it would '; have been in
accordance with the true athletic spirit always
displayed by Stanford. _ 7 ; ' George Toombs,":'.* \
-; Captain Stanford Track Athletic Team/ j
\ CAPTAIN : MEBVIN CRITICAL.
The Berkeley, Leader Points to the Code of
. Athletic Decorum.
; . The sprinting of Bernhard and Brunton was
remarkable. Dickie and Chick did not do
what was expected of them, although Dickie
ran the better of the two. ; ; Hupp, as usual,' did
not show up, and we ', missed him, for he has
been running in ; good form lately. 'X I cannot
say, however, that he could have - beaten the
two Stanford stars. "[ '[:['■ ; N , 7
f In the 440-yard run Brunton again came to
the front with Magee running hard for second.
In this race as in the others that Stanford men
won a very disagreeable element showed Itself.
Whatever be the condition under which a man
wins his race he should at all times be a gen
tleman. There is a code of athletic decorum
which should always be observed in a contest.
Laughing and jeering at the man behind you
is anything but good form. I am sorry.to have
noted that it was done this intercollegiate
meet.
The. 880-yard run was won handily by Car
rol in 2 mm. 9 1-5 sec, but he has done con
siderably better in his trials, and must have
had a few seconds at least up his sleeve. -
The mile run is associated with the man who
won it, Dave Brown, the coast record holder.
If anything be true of this Stanford man It is
that he is a tricky runner, in the proper sense,
however. " The time, 4 mm. 47 sec, is not fast
for him, as on a hot day and with otherwise
favorable conditions he should cover the dis
tance in 4 mm: 30 sec.
Jackson, who came in third for California,
while a runner of good form", Is as yet a little
too young and inexperienced to do his best
work; there is in him the making of an excel
lent miler. ,-.-..
The mile walk went to Merwin in slow time.
He simply trailed his men until the last lip,
waiting to win by his spurt en the finish.
The 120-yard hurdle was certainly hard luck
for Stanford. If Reynolds had not fallen he
would undoubtedly have got second place.
As it was both first and second went to Berke
ley, Torrey winning and Bakewell coming in
second. "7 7 "' -X-:
The time, 16 1-5 seconds, breaks the previous
coast intercollegiate record by 3-5 of a second,
but does not equal Torrey's best showing, for
he tied the American intercollegiate record in
a heat at the Mott Haven games last year.
The 220-yard hurdle resulted in another
new coast intercollegiate record being made
by Torrey and a coast record as well. The
splendid hurdling on Reynolds' part was a
feature worthy of notice. Torrey's time of 26
seconds under the unfavorable climatic con
ditions is equal to at least 25 seconds in the
East under good conditions.
The two-mile blcylce race was undoubtedly a
surprise to Stanford, for we won both heats
and the first and second places in the finals.
Heretotore Stanford has had the bicycle races
all her own way. Cushing and Craft, however,
were more than a match for the men in red,
and won the races easily. ; 7. t
The pole vault was another surprise for Stan
ford, for Dole failed at a low height for him— lo
feet. The wind of course was against all the
vaulters. Mumma vaulted in j remarkable
form for him, as he has not been able to train
at all this term. . .'. 7~
Dole retrieved himself by winning the high
jump, at 5 feet 6"_ inches. Koch, whose rec
ord is much above this, has not yet come up to
his last, year's form, as Miller of California
also beat him. This event was another strug
gle in the teeth of the wind.
The broad Jump iwent to Stanford, their
freshman, Brunton, winning at 20 feet 4
incbes,wlth Toombs, the Stanford captain, sec
ond, Dorn of California third. Evidently both
colleges are weak in this event. - ,".
Edgren won the hammer throw as expected,
but Wilbur of Stanford beat Dorn to the sur
prise of the California contingent. Dorn has
thrown over 140 feet in practice, but is very
erratic and was beaten by the whole Stanford
entry. ..'''■; ■ '
The shotput was captured by Wilbur, and
that was expected. Edgren and Lloyd got the
other places for California." The puts of all
three men were far below their previous rec
ords, as each has put over 40 feet 6 inches at
least.
On the whole it was a splendid exhibition of
college athletics in spite of very adverse con
ditions. ;*! ."■■*._
Stanford's sprinting, as remarked before,
was phenomenal, as was also Torrey's hur
dling, but we expected as much from him.
The final score was a complete surprise to
the California people, and the State University
has now, to say the least, a worthy rival on the
coast. ... , L.T. MERWIN, 
Captain University of California Track Ath
. letic Team. -^^v^--"^-:; •".." X
ST. PAUL'S LANDESKIRCHE
German Lutheran Evangelical
Church to Be Dedicated
To-Day.
An Energetic Young Minister Succeeds
in Building Up a Good Con
gregation.
On the east side of Howard street, be
tween Tenth and Eleventh, where for
years was the home of "Nobby" Clarke in
his palmiest days of Police Court activity,
has been lately erected a new Lutheran
Evangelical church, which is intended to
meet the necessity of the German residents
in that section of the City. ;---;.
The denomination of this congregation
is Protestant, but differs in some par
ticulars from the Episcopal or other re
formed sects in its government and form
of service. ;. x- W 7
It is the religion of the established
church in Prussia and is known as the
"Landeskirche" in that country. The
present structure and its congregation is
the second of its kind established in this
City, St. John's Lutheran : Church on
Mason street being the first and only one
until the Rev. Paul F. Branke arrived in
this City from Los Angeleß in 1894. Im
mediately after his arrival jhe started a
congregation in Cambrian Hall on Mission
street on the 13th of January, 1895, with
nineteen families. From this nucleus the
little flock increased to about seventy-five
families, and from two little children
which attended on the ' first Sunday that
the congregation was ■ started, the school
now has 135 children who regularly attend.
In addition, a ladies' society was formed
with eleven members, which has grown to
a membership of sixty-nine, who labor for
the welfare •of the church and • the pros
perity of the congregation.
From Cambrian Hall the little : flock,
headed by its : energetic • minister, moved
farther west and purchased the j property
lately owned by Mr. Clarke for $5000. Upon
this a small but neat little church has been
erected at an outlay of $2500. The house
which stood upon the site where the church
now stands . has been moved to the rear
and fitted up as a pastorate for the minis
ter and his pretty young German wife,
who assists her reverend husband in in
structing the children in the language of
their forefathers every Saturday afternoon.
A class for this purpose has been recently
organized at the request of the German
families residing in that' portion of the
City... :•- - r - : --: '.•'■ 7.--." .;.:-* .•■ /.-"■>,
The dedicatory service will commence at
10:30 o'clock this forenoon. .The pastor
will officiate in this • branch of the service,
assisted by " the Rev.- .1. Hosto. of Whit
more, Shasta County; Rev. j. Mangold of
St. John's, in this City; Rev. J. Endter of
Mount Eden, Alameda, and the i Rev. A.
Janke of Petaluma. The sermon, in the
morning will be preaobed by the i Rev. J.
Hosto." At 3 -o'clock in the; afternoon
twelve J children will Jbe | baptized, and "in
the evening Bhort sermons will be preached
by the Revs. Mr. Mangold, Mr. Endter and
Mr. Janke. »U_ ••'. '-:;..'■ -' .:■-.■•'/. \.. =. : •.-<,.• sr<
r? Previous to the arrival of the Rev. Mr.
Branke in this City he did successful mis
sionary work in the southern part of the
State. He organized two congregations in
Los Angeles, one '■. in v Pomona ■ and ? one in
Ventura. He expects to be more success
ful in San Francisco, and is sanguine that
he . will have | one of the ! largest I German
congregations in California in the district
where he now has located his $7500 church.
Mrs. Lillie Devereux Blake suggests that
international disputes be left to tne women
if the men cannot settle them.
SEX OFFICERS RETIRED.
Physical Debility the Ground
of a Military Sen
sation.
UNDER PARAGRAPH NO. 72.
Surprise All Along the Line From
Fort Point to Angel
Island.
All along the military line of San Fran
cisco harbor from the big 12-inch ' rifle on
the Fort Point hill to the old smooth-bores
on Angel Island there is a tremor of
agitation— a premonition that something
is going to happen in the nature of a sen
sation. ' *■ ./ " *'_.-.
Not long since orders came from general
headquarters at Washington, right along
through regular army channels, that
Colonel Graham, Fifth Artillery, V. S. A.,
Presidio, and Colonel Shatter, First
Infantry, U. S. A., Angel Island, should
recommend, under paragraph 72, of the
revised regulations officers of their re
spective regiments for retirement.
Now, paragraph 72 is not designed to
strike terror to the mind of the civilian,
but to the commissioned officer of the
army it sounds something like the knell of
doom. . When its provisions are invoked
an officer may be retired on account of any
physical disability which renders him in
capable of active service in the field.
An officer may be in possession of the
finest set' of intellectual qualities in exist
ence.
He may also occupy the most delightful
quarters at the Presidio or Angel Island
and evince an appreciation of his sur
roundings highly creditable to an artistic
sense, but if he is incapable of standing
exposure to the weather and the ordinary
fatigue of an active campaign he may be
shelved instantly, and be compelled to seek
shelter away from the reservation.
* Colonel Graham, it is said, studied over
his list of Fifth Artillery officers, and,
counting this thing that he observed last
year and something else reported this year,
finally decided to recommend for retire
ment, under paragraph 72, Major John A.
Darling, Major Sully McCrea and Captain
John McClellan.
Colonel Shatter, over at Angel Island,
sized up hie ' officers. He decided that
Captain Pierce, Captain Parker and Lieu
tenant Connelly were not able to undergo
the physical hardships of a severe cam
paign.
This information is not official but it is
said to be - true 'nevertheless, and has
caused a deal of gossip and comment be
cause its truth is not disputed.
It should be explained that retirement
under paragraph 72 - implies no dis
credit to the officer retiring. His courage
is not questioned his conduct is not in
volved. The bravest man and the most
perfect gentleman may be retired under
this rule. " .->*?;.- I .-.*----
In a semi-official observation the colonel
may note that a good officer in the bar
racks has difficulty in mounting a horse,
but he has no right to assume that terra
pin and sherry followed by Burgundy and
roast hare had anything to do with the
difficulty of getting into the saddle. All
that the colonel is bound to consider un
der paragraph 72 is whether the officer
could get there on time in proper military
fashion and stay there. '77-. xx
In the infantry Colonel Shaffer is bound
to consider whether an officer could march
all day and retain the alertness of , body
necessary for outpost duty all the night
following, and then be able to fight on the
ensuing day. Should the colonel in his
judgment decide that any officer would
be unable to stand the strain it would be
his duty to recommend retirement under
paragraph 72. - ■'.
Pearl Ladd Recital.
A piano recital is to be given by Pearl Ladd,
the child pianlste, at the .Y. M. C. A. Audito
rium next Wednesday evening. Thougn but
12 years of age her playing is said to be very
brilliant and fluent. Among the numbers that
she will play are compositions by Mozart, Men
delssohn, Schubert, Chopin, Weber and Liszt.
ANOTHER ELECTRIC ROAD
The Steam Read Running South
of Golden Gate Park to
Be Converted.
Four Weeks Will See the. Folsom-
Street Electric Line jp Full
Operation.
By the time the summer traffic to the
ocean beach and the Cliff House is at its
height it is orobable that the Park and
Ocean Beach Railroad, which now runs
south of the park, from the western termi
nus of the Haight-street line to the beach,
will be converted from a steam -line to an
electric road. The matter has been under
consideration for some time, as the steam
road, when operated, is claimed by the
street railway people to have entailed a
loss of |1500 a year, and an electric road
can be operated much ! cheaper.
The traffic on the road is a paying one,
it is alleged, only on two days each week
during : the ; period of 'pleasant weather.
Except on Saturdays and Sundays the
road is little patronized.
'J Just now great", trouble is being expe
rienced by the shifting sands from the
dunes : through which the road runs for
almost its entire length. In no previous
year has this annoyance been so great. It
requires a force of men to be constantly at
work to keep the track in condition to
allow trains to pass over it.
 Since the operation of the Sutro electric
line : to the ocean the traffic on the Park
and Ocean Beach line has been made still
less remunerative, for this reason it is
expected that the work of converting it to
an electric line will soon be undertaken, as
this would be not only more economical in
operation, but would - give .an ; improved
service. -_- — --'■' _'•', : ' ■".' '■..:
It is not unlikely that the, improvement
will be begun as soon as the work of build
ing the Folsom-street electric line from the
ferry :to ; Precita avenue, 'near Twenty
ninth street, is completed; / ; ; ; - .
• Material for this ; is now being hauled to
the scene of operations. It was expected
that' the actual work would be commenced
last Thursday, but ? the stormy * weather
that prevailed • during the J latter | days of
last week prevented the carrying out of the
plan. * With the -, Bhape things are now in
the Folsom-street road will be in operation
at the end of four weeks," and .with favora
ble _ conditions ' this , time may j, even ibe
shortened. •'• . .
v Alaska has four mountains each over
10,000 feet in height. .
. •— _^**» — J***^^
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TT AYE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the wo_r____ of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of ___a_t**, will be well
paid by visiting them. -!?/-.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia. •
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 315 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, 3. F.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
LOCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections. - . •••
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity ; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone: good stables.
RATES, 10 to $15 per week: only 2i/ a hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. - Write for particulars
- • J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bees These Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice. <
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. - Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WA_ER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG!
Queen of All Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag*, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the
reception of guests June Ist, and close
Ootober Ist, 1806. '7777
QEORQE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building-,
San Francisco.
NOVV" OPEN.
- Under the Old Management.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES. OX AUSTIN
Creek, in the heart of the. Sonoma Redwoods,
terminus of N. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Fine swimming, hunting
and trout fishing. Terms reasonable. For par-
ticulars address ■
■ C. P. BUKNS, Proprietor,
■ ■ • ■ • Cazadero, Cal.
HARBIH HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
HANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
commodious rooms; large new dining-room;
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages. - ■ymrgi lyy-ft ' r*H». „_i*HJr '
Stage daily from Calistoga to springs; round-trip
ticket at Southern Pacific office, $8. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
n it 1 fl fl n HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
I If A I'l ' V County, only _i._ hours from
\ fk 11 IT IT \ Saa Francisco; but 9 miles
II l\ fl 11 11 1 1 staging: new road through
r*f.****J** " " canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. M. or 3:30 r. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free. -
J. F. MU LGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaioma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1. per week.
. VICTOR W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOH. F. BERT RAND, Proprietor. -».
; City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2 to 4 P. y.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
A' N ' IDE L PLACE FOR H ALTS, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; y_-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Ly won Geyser
Soda Springs. - . Wonderful . curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW OPEN; TO TOURISTS FOR THE
JA season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. / ■, W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL -
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
, It Never Fails to Relieve. Can't Burt "a Child. Costs 2S Cent, to Try IU
Any Druggist- Will Get It for l'ou. Study tha Direction..
. HIGHLAND SPRIGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, GAJLs.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn 'tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs. -.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco. ■ «
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are SI 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $10 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Kailway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MB.,
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
* Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel, j
SANTA CATAMIfA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to -»:;.'»-;
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
22a South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
— _____ : ~~1 ~
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most olctnresque. I Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out dally, amounting to over ,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatinz and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus*
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. • G. B. WYATT, proprietor,
Soda Bay, Kelseyville, Lake County, CaL . .
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
Hopland, Mendocino County, Cal.,
IK7-I______ <_>_F»_E3j?o- _ve-__.-_t X
THIS NEW 3-STORY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N. P. R. R. The hotel is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the vallay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fine Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards, Lawn-Teunls, Croquet,
Shuffle-Boards. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2200
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, 9>XO to 313 Per Week. Free Bus.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
-■' LtKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Hound-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10; special
conveyance daily. For Information addr-ss JOHN
SPAULDING. Seigler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL. SUMMER HOME.
For particulars and terms address
« FRED N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
X'< ■'':-- POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. RADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, 87 per week. Bath snd all modern con-
veniences In connection witn Hotel.
__=__._ -El. lVTc_VT_s__-I , _C_C ,, a3_
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the B. F. and N. P. It. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullville. P. O. address, Hullville, Lake Co. Cal.
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING BE-
sorts in the State. 'Fine scenery, hunting and
Ifishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address O. W. R. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
FOR A SUMMER OUTINO.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE NEW COTTAGE,
5 rooms and bath; furnished; beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; $40. Apply to
GKO. G. CLARK,
,- Office Wells, Fargo & Co., City.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This • pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; .. boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
98 to $12 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare $5; round trip $9 50. Address _ L
WAMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. P., Lake Connty ,Ca_
OLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— MILES
from Napa City,' on Mount Veder; elevation
1500 feet; mountain spring water: fine scenery;
healthiest climate: positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable, Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
The most beautiful summer resort in the
State: 8: different springs: sulphur, soda. Iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc.; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class; rates 910 per week
and upward: table unexcelled; hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Pos' office, Lake County, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphthalan neb, eter good fishing
and • hunting:. ■ Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. r Do not address Blue Lakes. ■ -■
T~ BEI-MONT, SAN , MATEO COUNTY,
A board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN, BeImont
1112
_" AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever,
night in the year.
BRA NCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay open until 9:30 o'clock. *:••
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
sW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
until 9 o'clock. ,"
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock
-116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock^
CHURCH NOTICES. _■_ ___'__'
r CliulßCl-^3F CHRIST, SCI EN-
W-~& tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science-Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "The
Ricn Man' and Lazarus." " science and Health"
study Thursday, at 7:46 p. _ In Golden West
Hail, 320 Post street. All are welcome.
B_"S=- TRINITY CHURCH, COR. BUSH AND
» ; -* s ' Gough sis.— Rev. George Edward Walk,
rector. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. M. Morning
prayer and sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon at 7:45. Holy com-
munion on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a.m. All wel-
. come. The Easter music will be repeated to-day.
■_*£» FIRST RA CHURCH, EDDY* ST.,
Ifs_7 near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton. pas-
tor. Services Sunday. April 26, 1896. Preaching
at. 11 a. M. by. Rev. W. H. I_tourette, topic.
"Slate Missions," and at 7:30 r. m. by the
jasor. Rev. M. P. Boynton, topic: "(litis: and
the Individual." Sunday-school at 12:30 r. m. Y.
1. S. of C. E. at 6:30 l*. m. Prayer-meeting
each Wednesday evening it 7:45. Christian cul-
ture class Friday evening at 8 o'clock. All these
services are open to the public Strangers are
welcome. -":.'".'■ ' •'
HTS 3 FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
•>-*' ncr Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Horatio
Bleb trios, D.D., minister; William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
. Sunday-school at 9:45 a.m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m., led by
Rev. Samuel Slocombe. i First sermons of "For-
ward Movement" series. In the morning: Rev.
.E. D.Payne. "The Unitarian Church and Social
Amelioration." In the evening: Rev. A. J. Wells,
•The Deeper Life." All are cordially invited.
ip-J-i SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
ISsjS' ncr of Twentieth and Capp sts.— A. J.
Wells, pastor. Services at 11 a. M and 7:45 P. is.
Sermons to-day on "The Forward Movement." ln
the morning Rev. W. G. Eliot Jr. will speak on
"lif' and organization of a Unitarian Church."
In the evening Rev. Horatio Stebbins, D.D.. will
preach on "The Content of Christian Faith." All
are Invited. No Bible class to-day. Sunday-school
at 9:45 a. m. Pastor's residence, 20 Liberty st.
K__B> t ' RACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
IS7£' church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp. sts.—
•Rev. M. F. Cniburn. pastor. Boys' Brigade Bible
class at 10 a. m.. led by W. D. Kingsbury. Breach-
ing by the pastor, "ll a. m., subject: "Peace
With God." Sunday-school at 2:30 P. m. ; C.
W. Mark, superintendent: bring the children; all
lire welcome. Praise service 7:30 P. M., led be
Brother Robert Husband. Preaching at 7:45 P. M.
by Bishop R. Dubs, D.D., of the United Evangelical
Church.
tf-__S=» CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
i-f-J^ corner of Powell apd Geary sts.— Rev.
John Hemphill,' D.D., pastor, will preach at 11
a. m. aid 7:30 p. m. Topic, evening: "A con-
venient season. Morning, music. IV Deum in A
(Schnecker): offertory, '-Oh! for the Wings of a
Dove Knight '. quartet- Evening service: "Jubi-
late Deo." E flat (Basford); offertory, quartet,
••on: That My Load of sin Was Gone" (T. S.
Camp). All are cordially invited.
Efr-_§=* I ERST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
, of--*^ Cor. lost and Mason sis. — Rev. c. O. Brown,
D.D., pastor, will preach in the morning at 11
o'clock. Theme: "The Naturalist Character."
Evening, 7:30 o'clock. Theme: "What Think Ye
of Christ?" Sunday-school at 12:45. p. m. ; .1. 11.
Morse," superintendent. Pastor's Bible class in the
auditorium. The General Howard Bible class in
the office. All are cordially Invited.
f*_S> THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
«is_y Fifteenth st., near Mission— Rev. William
Ruder,, pastor. Services at 11 a. M and 7:80
p. m. Rev. .i. B. McCartney of san Ans.lmo will
occupy the pulpit morning and evening. Music by
chorus choir under direction of William C. Stadt-
feld. All are cordially invited.
IJEfip FIRST CUMBERLAND PRESBY-
ki-JS' terian Church, 1358 Market st.— Rev. J. P.
D!ckson will preach his farewell sermon at 11
o'clock. Friends are cordially invited. No even-
ing vice. ":".'_
»T]S= FIRST ENGLISH LUTHERAN
BE-—? church, on Geary St., near Gough— Rev. O.
H. Gruver, pastor. Services Sunday :at 11
a. H. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m.
Young People's meeting at 7 p. m. Prayer-
meeting on Wednesday at 7:45 P. m. Subject this
morning, "Bitted as Wheat." Seats free. All are
welcome. •; "__^ '
Js*_ss* MORMONS AT 909 MARKET l'."~SEß-
'■w- at '-' and 7:45 p. m. At the evening service
Elder Joseph R. Shepherd will speak upon "Utah
and Her People," and show the cause of their ex-
pulsion from Missouri, their loyalty to the United
States when expe led irom its confines and the
secret of their present success. All are welcome.
K_S=* THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - TREE
taS--* 7 public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
lost st., 7:45 o'clock. Tonight*, "la Life Worth
Living?" by Colonel E. T. Blackmer.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
AND^"-^-T-Is"iT_lkel-S^
tt- 157 Dr. J. L. York, the noted orator, speaks at
Scottish Hall, 105 I_irkin st., this evening at 8
sharp on "Christianity or Atheism, Which," with
prelude on Darwinism. Members of the union are
requested to be present and have voice ln the steps
being taken to reorganize and incorporate the
Freethought Liberal Union. All cordially invited.
«_5-=> THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
B*«*y Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter st., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
day. April 26. 18-6. at BP. M. speaker. J. Clegg
Wright. Subject, "A Demonstration of Inspira-
tion." Music by the Misses Lillian and Emily
Coleman. Admission free.
■__»* CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY.
I*- 1 * J. J. Morse will lecture at National Hall,
Ellis St., bet. Polk ami Van Ness aye, this even-
ing at 7:45. subject, "The Super-physical Man—
His . Post-mortem Circumstances." Admission
free. ■ .--.,.:. *
jpr^=* _ AT 997 MARKET ST..FIRST PROG RES-
I"*-" 5 ' sive Spiritual Church— ll a. __ developing
circle; 2 p. it. tests, full names; Mr. Keegan, Han-
son, Dixon, Mrs. Dunham: 7:30 p. it., Mrs. Has-
kins, Dunham, Warren and others.
■F^> AT DR. REIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MEET-
*-** ing, 909 Market St., 2 and 8 p. it., circle and
platform tests: Mmes. Whren, Harland, Fix, A.
it; Stitts;- song, Miss Minnie Woodward. Office
128 Turk St.; 10 to 5.
Itsjp DR. BOBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
"*-*^ on "The Cause of Bad Luck and How to Get
Good Luck." The sick healed: ■ mediums de-
veloped: convincing tests. Washington Hall, 35"A
Edd-.- St., 8 p. __.; magnetized paper; circle tickets
ana admission free.
WPj§r* JOHN LATER. THE INIMITABLE
0»-^ and only platform, test medium, to-night at
Metropolitan Temple, Fifth, below MarKet, at 8
Bbaro; evening devoted entirely to tests and mes-
sages, with full names of living and spirit friends.
Admission 10 cents.
O^S= GRAND SPIRITUAL TEST MEETING
w-*^ 909 Market st.. at 2 ana BP. m. Mrs. Hen-
derson, Mrs. Harland, Mrs. Butler and R. A. Stltt,
who will heal from the rostrum
E_gf» GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING.
I*-*", Metropolitan Temple, Sunday, April 26,
p. m. Address by Rev. A. M. Russell. Subject,
"Our Duty To-day." Admission free.
K_S=* MME. MONTAGUE WILL APPEAR
•»-*' before the Psychical Society of Oakland at
1' internal Hall, Washington St., at 8 p.m. Me-
diums' meeting at 3 o'clock.
t£_-S= HENRY CRINDLE AND FRANK
*&*£>' Hart's wonderful seance in the light this
evening. 909 Market st.; 25c: 8 o'clock.
IKS?* MOTHER SADIE, SEANCE TO-MOR-
u*-^ row 12 o'clock; to-night, seance 8 o'clock:
50c 535 Post st-
B_"S=* MRS. J. J. WHITNEY AND MRS.
tt-*' Kate Hoskins at 909 Market St., to-night
top floor: admiss on 10c.
|t~§P MRS. SHRINER. TEST-CIRLE TO-
tt-*'' night; 10c. Sittings dally, 81, at 311 Van
Ness aye. .-: - ■
C£--s=« TEST MEETING THIS EVENING, AT
Or-*'' 110 Hayes St., by Dr. Sutherland and Mrs.
Drew: 10c
KS" MRS... (FULTON, MATERIALIZING
**---* seance to-nlgbt; 50c; sittings daily. 31 Fell.
B_-g= A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c, JOUB.'
SE-*y YOUNG, 605 McAllister: skeptics Invited.
ff_^£= MRS COLBY HOLDS HER CIRCLES
. B*-^ i„r spirit messages tonight at 122V_ Oak st.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
|T-S= FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222, -ssv*u_v_ 7
U-~& I. o. O. F. — District meeting _^_Tiarc'
MONDAY EVENING, April 27.8:30, =*£><2*--_?
Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F. building. • / W^- .
; W. S. MATHEWS, N. G.
I. H.VAyDYBQouRT. Secretary. -
R_S=* THE ODD , FELLOWS OF ._j_h_-
***& San Fraucisco have postponed =St_J__sS__,
their literary and social entertain- =M*j^S?
ment of April 23 to' WEDNESDAY '^o-^s^
EVENING, April 29, 1896, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Tickets for April 23 will be good for April 29.
•'.. ' A. W. TUKI'IN, Secretary.
KP "FOR AULD LANG SYNE."— J Cr* _,
•***-? Thirty-third .rand annual excur-^' litjfy
sion, picnic and cames of St. Andrew's ■¥j».TC$_?
Society at El Campo SATi RDA V, May '•sSEN^
16, 1894. Boats leave Tiburon ferry at 9 a. m.
and 1 :30 p. m. ANDRE W WILKIE, President.
William C. Cook, Secretary.
|K_sp» CLaN ERASER NO. 78, C. S. v «y v
*V~& C— a niusicai and dramatic en- Si, 2_k_J?7
tertainment and historical kinderspeil >N».__\J_?
entitled "The Happy Family," with a -""SJ9* :
grand chores of fifty Scotch children, Instructed
and led by Chief itattary of Clan Macdonaid, Oak-
land will be held In Scottish Hall, 1, 5 La.Kln St.,
on FRIDAY EVENING, . May 8. at . 8 o'clock.
1 his is something new. Come and brine your
bairns.- Admission 25c. - *
_ '/-" „ , EDWARD KERR, Chief.
Wm. Cobmack, Secy.
IK_g=> THE ANNUAL GATHERING „- «__i~i_"
I*-*' an( _ games of theCaledoniAii Club 3k, 2-_iW
SATURDAY, May 80, at Shell Mound
Park; D. B. McNEILL, Chief. .^_WT^
Jamks H. Duncan-, Secretary.' Xrr. T'...
B_-g= GEORGE H.THOMAS POST NO mm*
ES--** 2, G. A. Officers and members__|_fc
are requested to attend the funeral of our lauTcin--
rade. DANIEL McDonald, at the nostrooms.
320 Post St.," SUNDAY .at l o'clock p. m. • ' ~X-
.••■.','- -A./- vi ing, Commander.
U. L. Tickneb, Adjutant.
MEETING NO ■.icES-Continned.
a_gs= A. O. . H., DIVISION 1 NO. i— iLjZFb
_►"•*" - Committee of arrangements of your \Awlf
annual reunion and picnic to be held W\Nj|
at Big Trees, Santa Cruz Mountains, I- ,N -CCJ__s*
DAY, May 24, also committee on music, S~^_i
will please meet at I Hibernia I Hall, 120 Ninth st.,
THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock. Bids
formusicwill bereceived. P. LYONS, Chairman. '
CHABLKS L'HIHKWIS, Secretary. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
s^S ;^^inTTi__^in_Ali_-ii--^^
l*- 15^ turkey dinner, with wine, 25c; coffee abso-
lutely pure; oysters and fine pastry.
_tts§= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
i!*-** the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom
street. San Francisco. j Cal.. has received the fol-
lowing half-orphan and abandoned girls from Jan-'
vary 1 to April 1, 1896: Hazel I. Anderson, aged
18 months: Mary Rose Driscoll, aged 3 years;
Evelyn Tucker, aged 6 years: Lucy Tucker, aged
4 years: Amelia Ruth Rewsche, aged 5 years;
Lovlna M. Korb. aged 10 years: Mabel S. Lien,
aged 4 years: Mary M. Lyons, '. aged 5 years; Fan-
nie Myers, aged 3 years.
tt_-S=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
v^*^ collections made, city "or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy nt.'.*room 6.. Tel. 5580.
- situations wanted- female.
WO SWEDISH OUSE WORK girls, can
cook well, want situations in city or country.
Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutler st. ',
p ERMAN COOK WITH GOOD REFERENCES
'J wants a situation. Address or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT. 424 suiter st.
GERMAN SECOND GIRL, YOUNG. STRONG,
VT good references, wants work in city or coun-
try. Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st. '.
OMPETENT INFANT'S NURSE WITH
best reference desires position; city or country.
MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
L* IRST-CLASS COOKS, $25 TO $30; LAUN-
-T dress. $25; infant's nurse, $20 to $25: upstairs
girl and seamstress. $20; also general housework
girls of all nationalities. $15 to $20; await situa-
tions. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post St., tel. Sutter 62.
COMPETENT WOMAN WITH A CHILD DE-
VJ sires situation, $12 or $16; country. Miss
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. "
GERMAN GRADUATED MIDWIFE WOULD
like to take engagements as ladies' nurse, city
or country;- reasonable. Address E. 8., box 134,
this office. ■ ■ ■ . ■
DRESSMAKER (FIRST-CLASS) WISHES
engagement by the day or take work at nome;
terms $125 a day; suits from $3 up. Call or ad-
dress 465 Minna st.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
laiy wants a position as housekeeper; first-
class worker; references. 12SVa Seventh St.
j5 EFINED WIDOW HAVING FIRST-CLASS
XX references as housekeeper; an excellent
cook; would take charge of gentlemen's club; city
or country. Address M., box 76, Call Office.
ERMAN WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
GERMAN WOMAN wishes A SITUATION
as working housekeeper: city or. country.
Call at Red Corner, Jackson and Sansome sts.
CIOM PETENT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-.
) aged American woman wants situation as
nurse for invalid or children. Call or address 17
Fourth st.. room 6.
liIRST-CLASS FRENCH HOUSEMAID
I wants a situation as chambermaid and
seamstress in private family; city or country;
good home more an object than wages; good refer-
ences. Address G. S., box 119, Call Office.
REFINED LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
lady's maid or to attend invalid lady; ten
years' experience; has traveled abroad and is
good reader aloud. Call or address 806 Union st.
I AD~Y PROFICIENT IN HAIR-DRESSING,
JLj manicuring and Turkish baths, would like a
position as such. Address S. A., box 76, Call.
TyjEAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE AT
L\ second work aud children. Address 115 a
Sixth st., Piedmont House.
W IUOW WITH LITTLE BOY' WISHES SIT-
'• uation as housekeeper ln the city: noobjection
to widower's family. 821 Mission, room 4.
RESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER, WISHES
engagements in families at 75c a day. Ad-
dress U. P., box 80, Call Office.
AS HOUSEKEEPER BY" ELDERLY AMER-
ican widow; no incumbrance; capable of doing
the entire wor< of small family: widower's family
preferred; a home; small pay. B. M., box 14ti,
Call Office.
C ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG WIDOW
O as housekeeper for bachelor or widower; good
home more of an object than wages. Call or ad-
dress 363 Jessie st. ;,,\-.
G~ ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION - TO
VX do housework and plain cooking; wages $12.
Address B. EC, box 63, Call Office.
LiRKNCH LADY, W HO CAN FURNISH BEST
-T personal references, would like to be companion
to young ladies, or care for elderly lady; compe-
tent to teach several languages. Address F. L.,
box 88. Call Office. - . . .
LADY WISHES TO DO COPYING OR PLAIN
sewing and mending at home. Address H. L.,
box 29, Call Office.
/ i PET ENT LADY'S NURSE; TAKE CARE
\J of Invalid and make herself otherwise useful.
Call at 1411 Larkin st.
RESSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK BY
the day or take work home; reasonable; ref-
erence. 219 Golden Gate aye. - . •
L"~ADY WISHE> POSITION AS.HOUSE-
keeper; good cook; fond of children. Address
H. X., box 76, Call Office.
DB A KER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter and draper; sews 50c a day; also work
done at home cheap. M. M., box 93, Call Office.
RESSMAKER, PERFECT FITTER, QUICK
sewer, will go out by the day or week; very
reasonable. 108 Eighth st.
ELIABLE RESPECTABLE LADY WISHES
■ position for light housework, chamberwork or
assist in kitchen. Call or address for 2 days 661
Mission st. - . .•
IRL, 15 YEARS,- WISHES A SITUATION
VJ to take care of a baby; no objection to sleeping
at home. Please call 365 Jessie st.
"V OUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
A. housework. Apply or address 1231 Rhode
Island st.. near Twenty- fourth. .
U'OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY.
» » 23 Willow aye., off Mission, near Eighteenth.
COLLEGE STUDENT WISHES OCCUPATION
of some kind during the summer months. Ad-
dress Student, box 89, Call Office.
OMPETENT WOMAN COOK WISHES SlTU-
ation in hotel or boarding-house in city or coun-
try: German or American cooking. 1024 Howard
St.. room 14.
T ADIES' HELP OF ALL NATIONS AWAIT-
A_ ing; city or country. MME. LEOPOLD'S
Employment Agency, 20 Stockton st. ■"•-
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
working housekeeper; city or country. Ad-
dregs box 36, 339 Hayes st.
ESPECTABLE GERMAN woman, WITH
a child 6 years of age, wishes to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry st., between Third and Fourth
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X housework and plain cooking or second work.
311 Fell st.
A-OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE ANY* PLAIN
-I- sewingand mending; dresses made over; terms
reasonable. 706 Ellis st.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
O general housework. Call on Monday at 8 Bond
su, beu Twelfth and Thirteenth, off Mission.
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
washing or housecleaning. Apply at gV-
Rauscb st., in rear.
AM E AN WOMAN WANTS HOME, WITH
child 11 years old, in a private family; city or
country, a. W., box 45, Call.
AroUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS STEN-
A ographer; experienced; will take piecework or
translations from French or Spanish: good type-
writer; $6 per week. Address M. M., box 88, Call.
LADY WANTS WORK B_ THE DAY WASH-
ing or cleaning. 738*_ Clementina st. .
RESPECT A BLE, SINGLE YOUNG WOMAN
will do light housework and make herself
generally useful in private family for a borne
where she can be out from 9a.x. to 4 p. m. Ad-
dress Trade, box 89. this office.
RE FINED, STEADY, . RELIABLE WIDOW
wishes a position as housekeeper in a widower's
family, or would take charge of a lodging-house-
city or country. Address M. A. 11., box 64. .all. '
YOUNG CTRL WISHES = A SITUATION TO
x do housework In i plain family or would take
upstairs work: no objection :to the country. - Call
at 914'_ Harrison st., near Fifth.
V*EAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, WITH THE
-ia best of references, wishes a position in a Chris-
LV?," *? mil . v as chambermaid and waitress. Call at
621 Twenty-fourth st.'. -
I ADY WISHES PLAIN SEWING, MENDING
AJ or children's wearing apparel. 715 Natoma
Si., top floor.
"VfOST RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL DE-
-l-J. sires situation at second work, sewing- coun-
try preferred: can-be highly recommended- . Ad-
dress C. 913 East Fifteenth st., East Oakland.
pIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GENE".
VJ rai housewors: is a good plain cook; not afraid
of work. - Phease call at 321 Tehama st.
-VyANTED-A, POSITION "AS WORKING
housekeeper; country preferred. 9 Address box
48, Branch CaU Office, 339 Hayes st.
VV IN^IHStER "HOUSE. ** THIRD STTnrT
•i arffS? 5,800 T^ - 25c to $160 per night-
sl 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable-
tree bus to ami from the ferry. 'y. -««^i__i_,
, SITUATIONS AVANTED-MALE.
Huoci'inr'.fc^oTTHi'N^^^
ese employment office. l 7 Webb st , below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPAN___£ RELIABLS*
help; tel. Main 1997. RRADLEYACO.,6.OCIav.
V> C. G. COOK'S SOC.- SUPPLIES COOKS- ALL
A; ."-.ranches :short notice. 14 o*>arv. Grant 46
!T APANESE -AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
♦J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
'Xj office: best help. 414*/_ O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
IDDLE-AGED MAN. SOBER AND HONEST
wishes position as kitchen-help and to learn
plain cooking: wages $12 to $15; city or country
Address T. E., box 74, this office.
YOUNG SWISS-ITALIAN WISHES STEADY
-I position to drive light team in or near city;
Address F. 8., 611 Broadway. -":!;-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26. 1896.
: : SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued. .
OSITION BY DRUGGIST; 12 YEARS' Ex-
perience ; good references; worthy and well
qualified; country or city; small salary to start
with. G. M. LUTTRELL, 1119 Jones St., San
Francisco. - - -" - ■ -'■'
/CARPENTER WANTS REPAIRING WORK
\J at $2 a day. Address C, box 29, Call Office.
BAKER FOREMAN, . FIRST-CLASS ON
bread and cakes wants situation, city or
country. Address 331 Fourth st., bakery- "
I r NGINEER WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
ii engineer or fireman, city or country. E, L.
GAGE, 1906b Mission st.
ELIABLE, STEADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
tIon around private place, city or country, to
lake care of horses and cows and to make himself
generally useful; Is fair gardener and is handy
with tools- Address H. 8., box 53, Call Office.
TV ORK. OF ANY KIND. CITY OR COUNTRY,
»» by honest boy of 19, lives at home, never uses
tobacco or liquor. Address Boy, box 76, Call. j
ROC-fiRY— YOUNG MAN WITH SEVERAL
years' experience in grocery store wants sit-
uation; good references. E. A., box 71, Call.
ARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRl-
vate family; middle aged; single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
INDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN,
with several years' reference from last employer,
wishes situation as gardener and coachman; can
milk. D. J , box 149, this office.
ITUATION WANTED BY STEADY, SOBER
O cook in restaurant or oyster-house. Call or ad-
dress Cook, 115 Seventh st., room L
(JjIAPER MONTH TO ANY PERSON SE-
<_*>_"/ curing me steady employment from $50
per month upward: more wages more commission
in like ratio. Address L. E., 1111 Hyde st. , ,
SHOEMAKER, GOOD ALL-ROUND. WORK-
man, wants a job In shop or store; no objection
to country town; good references. Address S. M.,
box 29, Cag. ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
I*~^IR^T^CI---7i_r~_U7TLER DESIRES SITUA-
-1 tion; best references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■ - • ' ■ - - '-■ ■
SITUATION' WANTED AS JANITOR, MAN
about place, or care for place during owners'
absence; references given. Address P. A., box 86,
Call Office. - - ' - ■
yOUNG MAN. SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS,
A wishes a position doing light work of any kind;
wages no object." •Y. M., box 45, Call Office.
C* ARDENER— A FIRST-CLASS GARDENER,
VJT with good- references, wishes steady employ-
ment. . Address Gardener, box 29, Call Office.
\s USICIAN— SINGLE; TEMPERATE; COR-
-IV_ net, violin, mandolin and guitar player: de-
sires class In country town; terms moderate; ser-
vices to band free. For particulars address | Musi-
cian, box 71, Call Office.
SITUATION BY MAN AND WIFE; MAN IS
O engineer and machinist; wife good cook and-
housekeeper, etc; mine, sawmill or summer re-
sort preferred. Address R. 8., box 82, this office.
ELIABLE .. MAN WANTS WORK OF
any kind ; city or country ; good references.
E. X.; boy 102, Call Office.
A-LOR-A BOY WANTS WORK ON COATS;
:J- is good sewer: has a year and a' half experi-
ence; small wages. Call 211*/_ Geary st.
CTROiVfi YOUNG MAN, SPEAKS GERMAN
O and English, desires situation of any kind; city
or country. BARON, 611 Sixth St., Oakland. .
\V ANTED— A SITUATION AS DAY OR
" night watchman or hat and cloak room mes-
senger, or in any such - capacity, by an English-
man; 9 years' reference. Address A. H. H., room
. 127. French H05pita1. ......
TENOGRAPHER, FIRST-CLASS, DESIRES
position; Is also good telegraph operator. Ad-
dress Steno., box 112, this office. • . .-, ■ . '
MART BOY- WANTS A SITUATION IN A
O store, office or as errand-boy: lives with his
parents Address GEORGE FARRELL, 160
Clara St., rear.
AN AN WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE: MAN
understands horses, cattle and grounds; wife,
competent cook and housekeeper; California refer-
ence. Address M. D., box 78, Call Office. '-
COTCHMAN WITH GOOD REFERENCES
O wishes position to run engine or take care of
boiler. Address Scotch, box 66, Call Office.
RELIABLE (SWISS-GERMAN) MAN WANTS
to rent » cattle ranch on shares, or will take
charge of same for wages. Address A. H., 2135
Harrison st. "i'\:r*
FEMALE . HELP WANTED.
ANTT-D^An-*luENljHHsE^
'» girl for : second in San Luis Obispo, $15;
French nurse fo grown children, $25; Swedish
second girl, Berkeley, $20; good German seam-
stress and maid, $25; waitress and parlormaid,
$25; German cook, $30: twenty housework girls
for city and country, $25, $20, $16 and $10. Ap-
ply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
GERMAN COOK, $30; GERMAN CHAMBER-
maid, »20; and others. I MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutterst.
OOK, COUNTRY*, $30; CHAMBERMAID.
VJ city, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WOMAN' WITH A CHILD; $10; COUNTRY.
t» Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
AMERICAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK;
xV ranch: $26. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
T BONG, MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
O general housework for the country; wages $15;
call Monday. MISS HICKEY. 1033" Post st. ■
GERMAN GIRL WITH REFERENCE FOP.
general housework in family of two. Apply
MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st., near Polk.
WAITRESS. CITY RESTAURANT, $15 AND
room; waitress and chambermaid, summer
resort, see party here, $20: German cook,
private family, $25 to $30; German or Scandi-
navian girl with reference for housework, city, $20;
girls tor housework, city and country, $15 and $20.
C. R.HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
.'" school; course thorough, practical; satisfaction
positively guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leaven-
worth st.
■WANTED— DRESSMAKER TO BUY A Me-
»» Dowell garment drafting machine good as
new; for sale cheap. Address V. H., box 97, Call.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK-
VT wages $20. Call Monday morning, 9 Reive-
dere st.. opposite the chutes, Haight st-car.
O OPERATORS ON THE SINGER MACHINE.
.£» Call Monday at the Ahlborn House parlor.
PERATORS ON OVERALLS. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 32*/ Fremont st.
ANTED — DRESSMAKER AND SEWING
girls at 2(i*,_ Kearny St., room 2.
WANTED- WAITRESS; SMALL RKHTAU-
»» rant; $15 month. Apply 604 Third st.
WANTED - PUPILS TO LEARN MILLIN-
" cry ; elegant goods to work with: terms reason-
able. 1104 Market St.. room 32, second floor.
A TED - VAUDEVILLE PEOPLE. AP-
" ply to ARCHIE LEVY*. People's Palace; stage
dancing taught; positions procured lf competent.
W ANTED — GERMAN GIRL TO DO GEN-
" eral housework. Apply 1808 Bush st., be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. on Monday.
fDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO WORK IN
lodging-house; sleep home. Call between 12
and 3, 13 Howard court, off Howard, near Fourth-
Ay ANT^D-COIttPETENT YOUNG~GITII-FOR
'» general housework and cooking; wages $15-
-reference required. Call Monday morning, be-'
tween 9 and 12 o'clock, 1612 Scott St.. near Sutter.
KIGHT YOUNG GIRLS TO LEARN DRESS-
making; paid while learning. BOWHAY, 604
Sutterst.
T-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. BOWHAY.
- 504 Sutter st. . . ■
ALESWOMAN AND BOOKKEEPER. BOW-
HAY, 504 Sutter st. ■
DRESSMAKERS WANTING TO IMPROVE
themselves In cutting, fitting and finishing, or
young ladies wishing to learn dressmaking In all
its branches, we invite you to call; we teach the
cutting, fitting, making and finishing of jackets,
capes, coats, full sleeves, all new-style flaring
skirts: also everything that. Is new, novel and
stylish iv street and evening dresses: perfect-fit-
ting end stylish patterns cut. to order, 25c up-
dressmakers supplied to families at short notice;
now is the time to enter; easy payments, unlim-
ited lessons: sewing lessons are only $1 per week.
The McDowell R Dressmaking Academy, 213
Powell st., San Francisco .-.-"■■.. •■ ■ - .
EFINED WOMAN, GOOD, REFERENCES."
At to sell tickets: easy plan. 113 Powell st. .
WANTED - GOOD TAILORS ON . CUSTOM
.'' pants. 41iy 3 Kearny st.
TALL, HANDSOME LADY' FOR THE POSl"
J- tion of cashier: good salary to the right person.
Call at once at United States Industrial Agency
room 167, Crocker building. .--.... '
CREEABLE, . INTELLIGENT WOMAN"
-fi. familiar with the duties of an office. Address
A., box 4, Call. - ' ■■; .. -- . . ,
pOUPLE OF LADIES WANTED AT ONCE
V for first-class positions as canvassers; salary
and traveling expenses paid. At U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. Ladies who
have changed their address, capable of filling this
position, call.'- ... • . .
YOUNG LADY TO TAKE LUCRATIVE PO-
A sulon in a responsible corporation is wanted-
one from the country preferred. Address C. H. H
box 101, Call Office. .- "
OPERATORS I AND FINISHERS WANTED
on vests. 1104*. Folsom st. . . '.- . , ...
A PPRENTICES, TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
A ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 6&
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House, 44 Third St., uear Market
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry. '. ■;. ' ' •-',;. _•_ ., -'
HAIRDRESSING. 26c 'AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; lOleasons.fl 60. 1248 Mission. '
KESSMAKING,: CUTTING AND. FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
26c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st. ;
WINCHESTER OUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
** Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: *>o< bu^. to and from th» ferry. . ■ "
r ; . :v ; ; MALE^ HELP WANTED. 7. 7~~~
A^TED---M A^n" A Nlo^l[FE7FOa7aXS<m,
»' $40 per month: carriage painter for country
shop, $2 50 per day; coachman for gentleman's
place 'In country, $25 per month: five Scandina-
vians or Germans to peel tan bark, no experience
necessary, $26 per month and board, see boss here-
also tiemakers, . fa'mers, - milkers, cooks, • waiters'
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER ACQ., 626 Clay.
ANTED — BAKER i FOR STEAMER, $60
»» per month also 2 waiters for same ■ steamer
#20 per month. ■: W. ©. EWKB & CO., 626 Cloy st!
HELP WANTED— Continued.;
Rf) C\f\(\ REDWOOD TIES TO- CUT, 80, to,
t_"_*. _*UU,_oallc and 12c each: tools and food
furnished: see company at our office. j MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ':'.:.; V
HOTEL WAITERS, $26 AND $30: LUNCH-
counter waiter, $6 week. MURRAY & READY,
.34 and 636 Clay st. •
3 HOTEL COOKS, $25, $40 AND $65; 2 DlSH-
washers, $16 and $20: lunch-counter cook, $7
week; lroner, $30; baroer-shop to let In country
hotel: ■ choreman . for hotel, $10. MURRAY <fe
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '-'.'.
3 FARMERS, $20. SAME RANCH; 6 LABOR-
*J ers for a ranch ; farmer and wife; man to clear
land. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOREMAN FOR. PRIVATE PLACE, $20;
middle-aged man; references required: Cana-
dian preferred. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
QUARTZ MINERS. $2 50 PER DAY. .C. R.
HANSEN & CO, lIP Geary st. .■.„■..■ .
BUTTER-MAKER WHO CAN RUN ENGINE
and separator and furnish . 3 milkers, country,
$100 forthe lot; milkers for Oregon, $30. C.R.
HANSEN & CO., lip Geary st. • ' :>■".- v
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
TT cry st.. clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge uniess suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.. '
WAITERfjiUST MAKE BEDS: A.LSO COOK
TT wanted. 922 Battery st, '
HARRY W ETMORETCOOK, CALL AT 3409
Mission st. .
TT-IRST^LASS TAILOR; GOOD WAGES. 834
A Howard st., flat 9.
i»* ANTED- MAN TO LEARN AND
TT run a tintype gall-rv: must have small capl.
tal. THOMSON, 1035 Market st., room 10.
YOUNG MEN WISHING TO TAKE CIVIL
service examinations, which occur soon in San
Francisco, for railway .mall clerk and other posi-
tions, to write for valuable inf< rmation (free). U.
S. Bureau of Information, Cincinnati, Ohio. , \
L-OR SALE-BARBER-SHOP, 3 CHAIRS, IN
1 wholesale district: fine established trade and
short hours. For particular address M. 8., box
71, Call. ...... £ j
SHOEMAKER TO RENT 2 ROOMS; SUlT-
able for shop: rent $5. EUlsand Fillmore st.
<Bt9fiA PARTNER AS CASHIER IN"RES-
tJP-wUU. taurant: transfer point, j 1212% Polk.
ENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY FUR-
nlshed rooms; 75c up. 1 545 Mission st.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN barber
TT trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barter school, \StK Howard.
AN HONEST, INTELLIGENT, ACTIVE MAN
or woman can get good job from us selling our
Rapid Dishwasher; - best-made washer- wipes and
dries in 2 minutes; every family warns one;
1,000,000 to be sold; big profits: no talking; easy
job. Address W. P. HARRISON & CO., Clerk 19,
Columbus, Ohio.
ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
"" at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method; anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening; send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
RELIABLE BOY, WITH REFERENCE. TO
learn eery business; good home. 1019 Pa-
cific st.
W ATCHMAK ER'S APPRENTICE OF GOOD
■TT family to learn business thoroughly. Apply
129 Montgomery aye.
SHOEMAKERS— GOOD SHOESHOP j FOR
0 sale, with or without the machines; first-class
trade cheap for cash. 511 Bush su
BOOTBLACK FOR COUNTRY. CALL 863%
Bryant st. •.
JVJ UMBER OK LIVE, ACTIVE BUSINESS
-Li .men to cake hold of a very lucrative business;
here is a chance rarely offered ; no capital required,
but if you have $1000, an extraordinary good op-
portunity will be offered: this business must be
introduced throng out the coast, and good men
are making from $5 to $20 a day in this city. Ap-
ply to U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker
building. ,-;v7
"\TOUNG MAN FROM THE INTERIOR IS
A. wanted, one .of substantial ' qualifications, to
take position in a large wholesale house. Address
R. M. M., box 101, Call Office. - --.:,■ .
GIOOD CAKE BAKER IS WANTED IN AN
VX Interior town. Apply at once to U.S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
CILERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
) acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 512 My, tel. m. 353.
AN AND WIFE (WITHOUT CHILDREN)
warned to take charge of a ranch; man must
understand general farming: also vineyards and
orchards: wife must be good butter-maker, cook
and do general housework. Address by mall with
references. Bella Vista, 1066 Twelfth St., Oakland.
\J OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
JA Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
Iral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutlers..
"\T E W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
Ai 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention 10 morning calls; open all nighu
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
half-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard st.. nr. Sixth.
\\T ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN __ CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
ANTE COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerka KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
BARBEBS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
retarv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant are. a FUCHS.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary- CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAI- EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell.
WANTED — 'MEN TO ' LEAR3r~IjAI^BER
T» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given;
catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber School,
1515 Howard st.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 62 1
Pacific st., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc.
10c, 15c pr night ;clean beds. sunny rooms, bunks
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. '
I IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
J profitable proposition: accident. health and life
Insurance. Call bet. 3 <_ 6 p. if., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"T to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HAT CHEER- HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
tt St.: 200 rooms; best in the city, si ngie rooms
20 and 26c a night, SI a week: meals 10c. >X
EST IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. .
MEN'S i/_-sOLING 60c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
111 while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
I ' "•' and 200 a night. Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. ."■ • ;•"•'•■ -
EN'S SOLES, 60c; HEEL"*. 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st. •
W E ARE SHOE .< DOCTOR-*; ' WE REPAIR
"" your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while yon wait.
562 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
XI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
IT! all grocers keep Iv ' .. .--... ■■...
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. . :
Ij*LCHO HOUSE, ,863% MARKET ST.-
J Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $" week.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. ".-:
J' REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl eof lager, 6c, at 637 Clay su
*I*KY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25e a night: $1 a week, j
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers." 36 Clay su ; >
AGENTS WANTED.
A~ GENTS--" IF YOU WANT MONEY HANDLE
aluminum novelties; no bard times with our
agents; quick sales and big profits. ALUMINUM
NOVELTY CO.. 110 Sutterst.
AGENTS WANTED to SELL READY-MADE
novelty signs, 11x14 Inches: 150 per cent
profit: great sellers. Val Schreier Mfg., Milwau
kee, Wis. .'■■..; ■ '':, . . :.y - ■:. '.-.■:■ v- -.'"'■■■..
"MO NECESSITY, TO BEG OR STARVE—
II . to $5 a day easily made selling what every one
uses; 100 per cent profit: sample sent free for 10
cents.' L. F. COURTNEY, 514 Thirteenth St..
Oakland." ■' : ... ■■-■.: .:■..■.■■.'- -...':■: ' . "-v. ■ •-■<■»'- *.:
) ; PARTNERS WANTED. -; g
PARTNER WANTED— LADY OR GENTLE-
man with $2 50, "before Wednesday. For par-
tlculars address P. W., box 137. Call Office. •■■ ■ -•"
:, ;:- ROOMS WANTED. \ % ,-.:..-..
ANTED— FROM : i'.TO 4 UNFURNISHED
rooms: centrally located; reasonable. .- Ad-
dress W., oox 9. Call Office. ; -. .'."■:'- '■ ■'■"- ' '■■- ■"'■-,' -
ROOM WANTED BY A "QUIET YOUNG MAN,
within 6 blocks of Kearny st. Address F. 8.,
box 121, Call Office. - ;} ■■.-. ■•'.-: ' 7 :7 - .■■,.-■■■--:-•
SUNNY. SUITE OF .ROOMS OR ALCOVE
wanted by single man. :. Address, with terms,
B, box 17, Call Office. ).■ . : .-..^-% ■- ; ■ ■.- :::''■-■ -.- '
ROOM WANTED WITH A RKSPECTABLE
family that would take good care of child In
daytime; must be within 10 minutes' walk of Third
and Howard sis. MRS. BOWLES, 529 Howard st.
O-jM-RENTING AGENCY', 600. GEARY ST.;
parlies : having . rooms,** furnished ; or l unfur-
nished, fiats or housekeeping, can have same regis-
tered free of charge at above address. - -;; ■■■■:" ■--.. -t
ELDERLY, LADY, .WISHES;. TWO'- UNFUR-
nlshed rooms, with fireplace, in Noe Valley;
price stated. ■> Address 816% Valencia st. ,'■'■-.-. ;■'-.■-■.
WANTED-MISCEI-LiANEOUS.
YV AN TE D— rRESH COW. -'ADDRESS F. C,
TT box 108, Call Office. -'. . . :, > ,'.-'■ ■:."-■;■■': \.>
ELL YOUR i BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN, 100 Sixth au ; send postal.
. X.7-' : ; ": ; . ■■' ' -'»'.•::' ■.--J-....:.y5.:,-.-.3, J .«x..-; im- ■:■•■:■ >.-■■. ■ ■ ■ .
X: PERSONALS.
FOR ADOPTION— BEAUTIFUL BLUE-EYED
baby boy; 10 months old; to family who can af-
ford good home. Address F. A., box 76. Call Office.
HOGS ARE CHEAP! : : '
 - BEST SUGAR-CURED MEAT;
Picnic hams..; ;....... 6c tb
Rolled shoulders.. '..:...;•...'...„...•.......;..-;■. 6c lb
Square-cut shoulder.-.'..... .....r;.".... ... ..'..;.6c lb
Best Eastern hams. ...........8c lb
Tennessee hams .....8c lb
LINCOLN BROS.. Cash Grocers, : <
. ; 226 Sixth st.", middle of the block.'
OW PRICE — 25c FOR -HAIRDRESSING
does not mean inferior work >' in my case; I
have the very best artists In the city in my em-
. ploy, ana 1 give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. - G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. ■'■
"Vf ONTHLY PAPER FREE SEND YOUR
-ITA address to Postoffice box 2477. •
HIROMANCY" (PALMISTRY) TAUGHT
' and the hand read; from 60c. 1422 Hyde st. <
DANCING-BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st., opp. U. S. Mint.
RAG CARPETS WOVE TOORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
ITY' OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; flrst-class laundry. MRS." JAUSSAUD.
TN FORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
A or Information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON) ; maidsn name ALICE DRUG E; last heard
of In Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
ADVICE, FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits,- claims, collections, wills,- deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTCR-
, ing. NOLTE, jeweler and watch 222 O'FarrelL'
ON'T . HINK BECAUSE MY PRICE— 2SC-
Is cheap for halrdressing, that the work Is also
cheap; I guarantee up-to-date service. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st.
ICTURE FRAMING WITH . GLASS 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x
24, 45c; 22x28 inches, 60c. ; JONES, 647 Mission.
$1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
yjp 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth si. ', ■ '"
TEMPLE OF BEAUTY, 923 MARKET ST.,
opposite Mason— California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair s; ecialties. '
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st. I
W ILL T. V A LENT ANT TAILOR,
TT removed from 9 Powell st. to 616 Geary st.
MAUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter su, phone main 49, SAM. .
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to Y'.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
Ij*LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
J Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. " •
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
-i"V Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
piIEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paner-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st. ;
OLD GOLD. BLLVER, GENTS' AND LADIES*
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening-
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington, R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 5c. ; dyed,
pressed 25c ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 l\f\f\ CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
IT >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su. r. 39.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market sU
CLOAKS, CAPES AND BUITS KETAILED AT
. mfrs' cost. Factorr. 20 Sansome St.. upstair. ]
"DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $_'uP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. SOS*/". Natoma St., above Sixth.
\ ART SALE.
"OARIS— D- — be G COLLECTION.
WORKS OF ART AND RICH FURNITURE.
Fine Snuffboxes, Sweetmeat boxes. Chatelaines
and Watches of the Louis XV and Louis XVI
periods; Miniatures, Jewels, Silver and Goldsmith
Works, Limoges Enamelea Plates, Stained Glass.
Panes, Old Sevres Table Service, old ! Saxony
China, Magnificent Candelabra, Clocks, Louis XV
and ■ Louis XVI Andirons, Very , Large Oriental
Granite Vases, Renaissance and other styles of
Furniture, Very Handsome ' (.'losing Writing
Table, a gift of King Louis XVI; Superb Drawing-
room Furniture, upholstered ln Beauvais i Tapes-
try, representing military subjects alter Casano-
va: Splendid Gobelins Tapestry, Exceptional
Point Tapestiy, Embroidery Work, Stuffs, etc
OLD AND MODERN PAINTINGS
. by Juan de Arellano, Goyo, Van Goyan, J. and S.
Ruisdael, I. Snayers, Tenlers, Terburg, Benjamin
Constant, Benonville, Berne, Beliecour, F. Bonvin,
Corot, Courbet, . Diaz, Duez. J. Dupre, neilbnth,
Henner, Cb. Jacques, Lobrichon, Eug. Lambert,
Louis Laloir. Henri Levy, Van Narcke, Meissonler,
Ignaclo Merino, De Neuville. Plassan, Rlbot, Leo-
pold Robert, Troyon, Vautier, Vibert, Vollon.
Zlem.
DRAWINGS AND WATER COLORS,
COMPOSING THE IMPORTANT COLLECTION
of Mr D ac G , and the sale of which at pub-
lic auction will take place In Paris, at the Gallery
Georges Petit. 8 rue de ;-'eze 8, on Monday Ist,
Tuesday 2d,- Wednesday 3d, Thursday 4th and
Monday Bth June. 1896, at 2 p.
Auctioneer— Mr. PAUL CHEVALLIER, 10 rue
Grange Batellere: experts— MM. Mannheim it
Son, 7 rue St. Georges: Mr. Georges Petit, 12 rue
Godot de Mauroi; exhibition of the works of art-
Saturday 30th and Sunday 31st May, 1896, from 1
p. it. to 6p. M. ; exhibition of paintings— Saturday
. 6th and Sunday 7th June, 1896, from 1 v. mto
6 P. 11. .'
HORSES.
Bt7AßrT<sF~lloltS_r_^^
""class livery stable in exchange for a high-
grade piano. Address Piano, box 124, this office.
OUNG HORSE; WILL DRIVE SINGLE OR
1 double; cheap. 936 Shotwell st.
rpHREE-CAN MILK WAGON. HORSE AND
A harness, top buggy. 1620 Mission st.
J A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"1" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth sU; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 fid SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
1 v* ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheaD horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. ": •
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. BELL OR EX-
-L change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. 8. WATKINS, auctioneer. " :
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-1 *_H.» ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
t,eon for 6. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
I^E~T^J-PJ~2 LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys; 2 extension top
rockaways; 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. ■ " ■ ■ ' ' ■ ■ j
FOR SALE— HORSE, PHAETON.CART, HAR-
ness and saddle: cheap; will trade for real es-
tate or. piano. ' Address P. L., box 134, this office.
TMNE NEW EXPRESS-WAGON FOR SALE;
JT very cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
•FOR ., SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE:
«4pl_'. drop leaf; drawer attachments. 1915
Mission st., near Fifteenth. ...
ECOND-HAND 8 AND 4 HORSE GAS OR
gasoline. engines: also Vs-medium Universal
and Washington hand-presses. Address C, box
62, Cal' Office. . ■■■ . ■■■"',
<J_J.il* BICYCLES NEW— I HAVE JU^T RE-
ijPTrU. celved a line of new wheels unsurpassed
by any $100 wheel on the market.whlch I will sell
at $40; call or write for catalogue. . J. B. NATION,
927 Market jit. ■ . - '■ ' , ■''■■... , ' ■: :
11 -INCH fl PRENTICE - SCREW- CUTTING
1 ! lathe with foot power and counter-shaft. 627
Washington st. ' • .'-.:-- .'■'■'
AUfIINISTS' LATHE (STAR), GAS EN-
glne, forge, brazing- furnace, etc.; for sale
cheap for cash. Call 1402 Devlsadero st. '-, ■-": -.-<•- ;-.
--HORSE-POWER ENGINE AND BOILER,
•' rock-breaker and blower. W„ 404 Third st. • .-,-..
OOD BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND BICY-
r cles. 314 Golden Gate aye. . v
TJ"IRE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
J chest; cheap. . D. N. HAWLEY', 318 MarkeU
OILER«,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes.' Mcintosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
Sealskins AND PIANOS for sale ; HALF
0 store prices. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BABY-CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's: pro-'
fit.; California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
LTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS,' BEST STOMACH
J bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: ' free delivery city;. Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN. .<_ SCHURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
:■',< UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
* ' doors," mantels, etc.; far sale. - 1166 Mission. ■-;
NE SMALL MEDiI'M AND" LARGE SIZE
.'fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market si.-
LIRE AND ♦ BURGLAR "* SAFE, / LETTER-
I press, platform scales and desk;cheap. 102 Clay.
YEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-'
_> hand. ;•; W. & RAY Mfg C 0.." 12 California sU ";
(COUNTERS,,. SHELVING, ' SHOWCASES
J bought and sold. 1121*4 Marks' t-»u 7th audita
BUSINESS CHANCES. '
Oil 1 TU\ HOTEL; FINE BAr!~2_~ROOM_.
$)11UU. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<J_ JlOn CANDY * STORE AND FACTORY;
Ag) ..UU. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market,
<i_f.nn RESTAURANT; FJNE LOCATION;
_SQUU. DECKER, 10->0 Market st. '
«J_7nA GKO S£^„^ X , D = FINE COR-
ts) i UU. ner. DECKER, 1020 Market.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
STATE RIGHTS FOR SALE ON PATENT
0 sewing machine attachment; thousands in de-
mand; rare chance to make big money and resell
county rights; Investigate and see patent T LU-
BELISKI, 7 City Hall aye.
•ft'^nnn ink GROCERY business: 2 !
<_* OxJVJVf. horses and wagons; doing $75 per day
business; paying well; fine locality; only object
for selling -going back to Europe; inves*l<n ate this
fine place. . T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
•^1 400 : « , GA GKU V*- AND BAR;
<JpA_:\iv.. fine locality: good trade and highest
bargain ever offered in city; investigate this you
will never get this kind of a bargain a-alu 'c
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. fa *"
<tt 1 rjZ.: CIGAR-STORE DOING NICE BUSI-
•DII'J* ness: good locality: fine stock and a
rare chance to secure a well-paying small business
cheap; must sell on account of going East r P
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. "
•*£ 1 000 PARTNER IN FINEST BUSINESS
•IPAV'v'U. in city: fullest investigation and ref-
erence: rare chance for young or mlddle-atred man
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City HaU aye. '
•9.1 {.Of. ONE OF THE NX A TEST
•4P-I.UUU. new and second-hand businesses
In the city; elegant stock; cheap rent; fine local-
ity and rare bargain lf taken soon: object of sell-
ing, sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl> . QOO FINK CORNER CYCLERY; 24
OUU. first-class -' wheels; business estab-
lished; doing well: cheap rent: right in desirable
locality, near park; if you want a cyclery busi-
ness, investigate. ■ T. LUBELSKI. 7 City HaU aye.
OiC-'fi CORNER FRUITSTORE: MUST SELL
•JPUU. to-day. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 Market
fl_l Z.(tf\ SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
A«_"'_'V/. est location: first-class trade; rent
$60; owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
(&7C A GOOD. ACTIVE HUSTLING MAN
»4p i O. can 'make from $100 to $500 a mouth-
It is the -most attractive offer ever made In San
Francisco for sure returns for good work; $75 cap-
ital will be required. - r . : -. < *
$1000— A general agency for the Pacific coast for
a very popular new article that every mau who
looks through a window must have; agents now In
the' field .will be turned over to the newly ap-
pointed Pacific coast agent: . $8000 worth disposed
of in this city ln six weeks. • > *
. A gentleman with $5000 wants to purchase a
good grocery store.
For the above business opportunities apply to
Commercial Department U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167 Crocker building, at once.
PERFECTION WINDOW SCREENS; TERRl-
torial rights for sale;- absolutely most perfect
window screens ever made; patented i i 1894;
cheaper and more durable than ordinary screens;
can be taken apart and removed in a minute and
a hundred of them stored in your trunk; be sure
to see them' before you buy elsewhere; drop us a
postal and we will call and show them to you. E.
SHANNON, 304 Montgomery sU •
LOR SALE— DRUGSTORE, NEW ORLEANS
X first-class trade: no cutting; average sales $11.
000. Write R. N. GIRLING, New Orleans.
WELL ESTABLISHED BAKERY. DELI-
Tt cacy and confectionery • store; all cash trade
from large rooming-house and rounding vicin-
ity; fine chance tor 2 ladies; great d mana for
home cooking; sold cheap if taken before May 1.
Call and investigate, 1004 Polk su, near Geary.
BAB ERY' AND CONFECTIONERY; BPL-SFL
did opportunity. Address Beehive, box 91.
this oflice.
WANTED - PAYING BRANCH BAKERY"
TT and notion store near school; no agents. W
box 1, Call Office. r
01 OOD CHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO
VX enter business on small capital. Address G.
IL, box 75, Call Office.
A BARGAIN: WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
liquor house; $3500. Address A. V., box 129.
ESTAURANT FOR SALE. CHEAP; GOOD
running order: good location; good trade; Im-
mediate departure. A. D., box 93. Call.
PRINTERS— A CHANCE FOR A
good thing: a modern job office; Al condition;
4 frames of type: one-quarter Gordon press and
paper-cutter: $900; acontract for $75 worth of
work monthly goes with the office, also good es-
tablished trade: good reasons for selling. Address
PLANT, P. O. Station C, San Francisco.
fflj/XA PARTNER WANTED: YOUNG
•JD^OU. man, not afraid of work; something
new. Address Partner, box 6, Call Office, Oak.
land. • ■-■
<$_ 1 AAA PAYING DRUGSTORE FOR SALE.
AUUU. 2003 San Pablo aye., Oakland, Cal.
EAT MARKET; ESTABLISHED BUSl-
ness; will be sold cheap. Inquire at 728 Capp
st., between Twenty-second and Twenty- third.
KANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY-STORE;
U cheap. Inquire at 83 Fourth st. ...
QjOCA RESTAURANT AND BAKERY:
•jp.__.JU. bargain; good reason for seUing. 917
Mission st.
EGARDLESS OF COST, FINE RESTAU-
rant; location very good. Apply 303*_ Third.
/*OOD PAYING BAKERY AND VARIETY
.VJ store; 4 living-rooms; must be sold: a bar-
gain. 3266 Mission st.
ILK ROUTE, HORSE AND WAGON; G'JOD
business: tor sale. Inquire this office.
DINING-ROOM IN LODGING-HOUSE; TRAN-
sient trade; no rent. 122 Turk st.
GR' ICERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
Apply this office; no agents.
U>ff^A BRANCH BAKERY AND RES-
•4P»J»"U. taurant; new range, cost $125: new
furniture, tables, chairs, etc. : must sell. HICKOK,
873" _ Market st.
IGAR-STORE; GOOD LOCATION; MUST
sell on account other business. Inquire 36 Eddy.
<J*QP.fk STATIONERY, SCHOOL SUPPLIES,
*4?OUU. cigar and tobacco, candies, circulating
library, etc.; 4 rooms; sunny corner; old estab-
lished; good trade; affords good living; large
yard, stable, chickens: this place will bear close
investigation: owner going East. Address Bar-
gain, box 95, this office. .*!"«
HEERFUL DINING-ROOM TO RENT; NICE-
Iy furnished: boarders -.fine location. 203 Taylor
OOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR $150;
VX downtown. Call 722 Howard st.
INSIDE PAPER ROUTE; 600 SUBSCRIBER&
1 J. 8., Call Office, Oakland. .
ARTINEZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 56 rooms; in good order. D. J.
WEST, Martinez, Cal.
THE EXPRESS, PUBLISHED AT WINTERS,
Y'olo County, is offered for sale at a reasonable
figure. For price and terms apply in -.erson or by
letter to the publisher, E. C.RUSK.
L\*RST-CLASS DRUG BUSINESS IN • A
C thriving Interior city or town is wanted. Ad-
dress stating terms with full purtldulars, J. O. 8..
box 101, this office. '
LACKSMITH, WITH A FEW HUNDRED
dollars, would like partnership where there Is
a woodshop in connection: country preferred.
Address O. B-, Call Branch Office, 713 Larkin st.
LOR RENT— HOTEL 17 ROOMS AND BAR;
X opposite power-house; furnished complete; rent
reasonable. Apply MRS. PERU, Bay View House,
Elmhurst, Alameda County, Cal. -
'ELL-PAYING CORNER SALOON AT A
bargain; rent low. Inquire SE. cor. Vallejo
and Battery sta
\\r AGON-MAKER WANTED TO BUY BEST
'■•»» business on earth In country town. Address
Buyer, box 167, Call Office.
C CARRIAGE AND WAGON . SHOP; GOOD
VJ business: 17 years in same block. Apply CalL
CASH PAID FOR ALL KINDS OF GROCER-
Ies and other merchandise: city or country.
Address R, box 161, Call Office.
*'-^00 GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; RAYS
•IT OUU. $00 per mouth. Call room 18, Crocker
building.
OR SALE— A LIQUOR-STORE WITH LlV-
lng-rooms; cheap. Apply Call Office.
I,' AKERY AND CANDY: 2 LIVING. FUR-
T^ nished rooms; bargain: retiring. 1243 Mission.
ALBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
£* NE. cor. Everett st., for sale.
BUTCHERS, ATTENTION— I •■ HAVE FOR
sale. a first-class shop: family trade: estab-
lished over 20 years; owner must sell: refrigera-
tor, marble-tops,- etc.: sell for price of fixtures;
good- paying trade. J. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley. ...
RESTAURANT FOR SALE AT A SACRIFICE,
$250, in Santa Rosa; best location ln town; 6
private boxes and main room of 7 tables; A No. 1
range; all cooking utensils, cutlery, dishes, tables,
chairs and everything necessary for carrying on
the restaurant business. For particulars address
box 59, Santa Rosa, Cal. ■ .' ■ ■ ■.■•.■■
lir AN TED— TO BUY AN INTEREST IN AN
• ' established business, by a young man who will
take an active part in its management; no liquors.
Address with particulars K. H., box 166, Call.
SALOON FOR SALE: LOW RENT; LONG
lease. "Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
OALYARD— CHEAP; NICE HOUSE, WITH
yard; horses, wagons, scales, etc. ; long lease;
low rent. Apply Call Office. ■ :•; - .-, ■;■ ■-■■
pANDY. STORE FOR SALE. , 261 THIRD ST.
; A WEEK'S • NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
-CL WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
.FURNITURE, "WANTED..,
Yy- ANTED "— " SEtIoI?D^dTAND
'1 : for country ; pay good price. ' 7 City 11 all aye.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR furni-
-1 ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
I- FORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
S.;BASCH. ; 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
Hv MA YER..:, BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
.'carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
fIALL ON i J. C- MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
\_' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets,' pianos, or merchandise of any kind. "- •■ .
; A ] MALONE ' PAYS '■• 20 - PER CENT MORE"
-•-*-* than • elsewhere | for '■ furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st,
LODGING-HOUSES ; FOB SALE.
■■"/(A -ROOM' LODGING-HOUSE. ' ; — j ■
_:*_- PRICE $700- WORTH $2000. — -
20 rooms on Fourth St., only °oo
Itiroomson Taylor st -nii
46 rooms on Market 5t.. ....'.:........... -•_••_:_?'
5 H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Flfth.
OC ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED; NEAR
OD Baldwin; $1200. DECKER. 1020 Market st-
Ot'7E.(\ WILL - BUY 20-ROOMED HOUSE;
t_s iOU clearing about $100 per month : reasons
given for disposal; must be cash: none but prin-
cipals apply. C. 8., box 68, Call office. ■
. GALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY OR OAK-
-0 land property and will pay difference: a very
good house of. 36 rooms, | near Baldwin: kept by
present owners five years: selling on account of
old age. Address Business, box 51, Call.
W ANTED-GOOD TENANT FOR 1 10-ROO M
VV house, with elevator. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ■ ■"<
C**On/t ROOMING-HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS
•fZUU. and bath. 128*_ Ninth st.
OUSE OF. 22 ROOMS; PRICE, $660. 1235
Market st. ■
TIT ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 67-ROOM LODG-
TT intt-hougc: good location. 613 Mission st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Ul^rfuTt_ri?OK~^ALl^^ Hr fi-
nished complete for housekeeping. 1601 San
Carlos aye., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
FIRE SALE .' i '<■ ;■*_ ,
Prices stand tUI Roods are completely dis-
posed of. .'=' _..„.-
Oak bed sets ** H 52
Bed lounges " "0
Stoves • 7 . ?«
Carpets, peryard...... - _ J
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building ls erected these prices will
stana. TUI such time we are conducting busines.
at se. corner Seventh and Mission -sts. J.
NOON AN. " ' ■
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE- AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
Af\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $14;
WU stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-:ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
BOOMS FURNITURE, NEW...... $75
■Bedlounges trimmed with plush ...$5 50
Brussels Carpet. laid - 45c up
English Liuoleum, 1aid..... 400 up
Window shades in 5 c010r5. ..........:....... .250 up
SHIREK <_ SHIREK, 747 Market su. opposito
Gram avenue; no branch stores.
carpet cleaning.
\VrHE^r^U~B__c^M-r~DISGUSTED WITH
TT poor work send to SPA UL DING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
JON CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
•A renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-"
■•J ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. R. Quant.
CITY sieamcaTu'etcleaning.renovaT
Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, msr. TeL South 250.
BEAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
» ing works; latest Improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G. GKOBOE.oa.ee 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 263.
CARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; KS-
laid, per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
CI ABPETS CLi-ANHD AND RENOVATED
i like new. FERGUSON <fc CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH,. CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2411
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J McQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
■ ovatlng works. -!',:< Stevenson: tat, south 228.
. . MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEFORE BUYINtTsEEII^CI^EBROsTrBUSH
& Herts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <_ CO.. 324 Post St.
$,*" INSTALLMENTS WILL BUY A RRANIT
*j new Upright oak piano. 221 Leavenworth.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
steinway upright; perfect. 1359 Folsom st.™
Ij*INE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
once by party forced to selL See it at room
10, 809 Market st.
BUY' A NEW PIANO, $200; SECOND-HAND
uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A SHAW, $575; STEINWAY, $215; SQUARE,
$26; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
DECKER BEOS., STEINWAY, FISCHER A N O
U other first-class makes of pianos: Utile used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER _,
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell sL
EASY TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOHLER - -.'
CHASE.
ffIJIQX EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
«jJ_.Ot.>. Weber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Post su
ttl OP: UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
*!*-«-_"_»• tion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st. -■:■■ ;. - --. •;. .•?■■.
CjQ*", PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
00. 16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced ; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the rive-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the nrize-winner guitar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market sL, Spreck-
el's building.
RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED iT, [_
grade T. L Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
\\' M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
TT first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
ONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
C HICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, BTER-
llng pianos: see our new piano tor $187; piano*
for renu BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'Earrell.
<5?1 7 A CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
•gi *O. upright: perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHAIEB7
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
OCPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. '.' Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
M"~^S?~_iE_TviL__-^_NYIH3-C~S^^
Sutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution-
dramatic elocution a specialty ; vocal Shakspearean
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. m.; $1 per month.
\* OK "E-ItUILDINoT PANTOMIME AND ACT-.
> ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. v, ■■;■}
SPANISH AND ITALIAN LANGUAGES
taught. MISS GON3ALES, 120*_ Geary, r. 15.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF'
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 MarkeU
PANTSH.FRENCH.ETC: Prof.DE FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871.
AY RES'. TH B LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
L'RENCH, GERMAN, SPANISH; LEARN TO
X speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
i rOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAM R.
II day ..night; no classes; $5 month; 825 Mission.
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY* WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w. ; $3m. Maze bid, r.37.
OOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better thau In any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 MkU
CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
cPaKISU, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 OFarrell st
1 "ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—.
If Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. ' R. 5 and 12.. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 7-_MkU
H EALD'S" BUSINESS COLLEGE, '.'4 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer." telegraphy, medexa
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
\*IGHTHCHOOL;HEALD'SBCB.CoLL_.i;K;__
-IA Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra'e .
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045*,. Valencia.
pHEMISTRY" AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-"
xj ham's School, cor. Gearv and Powell sts. -
A . WEEK'S NEWS - FOR 6 CENTS _ THB
■ex. WEEKLY CALL, Ip wrapper, for mailing.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAwT" "
DVieTE~FRT_E^IHVC^^
ax alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc ate"
tended to. G. W. WE. att'y-at-law. 850 M„ri__u
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LAAV . 719
. Market st. ; advice free. -
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth su, rooms 14. 15.
W W ' DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- A r-LAW. 42O
tt .California st. rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
■'• " LEGAL NOTICES.
TCTOTICE OF s ATiToF^_mioN_{£ PROP^
Aierty— Administrator's, sale— Notice is' hereby
divert that, in pursuance of an order of the Supe-
rior Court of the City and County of san Fran-
cisco, State of California, made on the 2_d day of
April, 1896, in the matter of the estate of JAMES
P. KERR, deceased, the undersigned, administra-
'.or of the estate of said deceased, will sell at nubile
auction to the highest bidder for cash, gold coin
of the United States, on THURSDAY the ROth
• IH9 ?'s?* I? °' Ciock M " at the office of
L 1 M A, eder^ n< Spo " tsmar -" 313 "us^ street, In
said City and County, the following personal
property, to wit: B ' ,erso nai
t-",h_ e f^, reede /^ nd s P°rtsman," a paper published
,f V?e c "y and County of San Francisco, and aU
of the property, consisting of the book account,
goodwill and equipmenu. cons sringo* type gaN
leys, Imposing stones, furniture, libra?? etc
necessary to us publication . end , used therein'
Also one „ a!ll0 iJ called "Memo"; a bay mare by
ni e ?«' « a j-- -;, 'Speculation" ; a chestnut geld-
h"fh-w V hea L , y ikv dam by •«P-»lat.on,"an<lo_;
Dated April 22, 1896." ~
-•"■^_f__fii Kl"ii m i lBtn - tor °* the Eatato °"
« a iiZ v% ... ?. KRR > deceased.
, GA _STra7or; MCENEBNEY ' Attorne -' «>*'**'
ftCITY REAL -".STATE.
ri n 7_-j;B SI . :N ,- CO. ~"" ' —-
Kjr.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st.. near Market.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED. |
SUNNY SUTTER-ST. RESIDENCE.
Si'". J OO »' B*DE8 * DE OF GUTTER sT., NEAR
_*. _■_■-*. Raker: two-story bay-window resi-
lience of 7 rooms sad _*__: terms could bear- :
untied for a small amount cash, balance same as
rent.
H '.MA-sr. INVESTMENT PAYING 12 PER j
CENT NET IN. II ANNUM.
Q7 000 BENT '.$95 PER MONTH: 10
<_.. I .UUU. tenements; 50x80; near;4th st.
lIAYES-ST. INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
•v" I '[ 300 -"-• LINE OF HAVES ST., NEAR !
• I xS.O\/\f. Franklin: store and 3 flats; In-
come $95 per month; 25x120 to rear street.
C.EARY-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
siOQ*\(l NORTH SIDE OF GEARY ST.,
- ' OUU. near Larkin, double house of 1.
looms and bath: suitable locaTon ior stores; could
be arranged with a small outlay to yield hand- i
somely; 90x80; bank mortgage 'of $6000 at 6y 2
1 er cent can remain.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Q97* t .O NEAR GOLDEN GATE AYE.; A !
•_■*-• *JU. real bargain.
RESIDENCE ON" VOL9OK ST.
Qr.ooo SUBSTANTIAL 3-STORY HOUSE
•IPUUUU. of 12 rooms and bath; bay windows;
brick foundation, etc. : rent $40; could be altered
Into 3 flats at little expense.
TWO ELEGANT FLATS ON MCALLISTER ST.; \
CHEAP.
Q^QJ^O 1 AND 0 ROOMS AND BATH
o*->»-/*JU. each; brick foundation: all the latest
Improvements: 96x137 :6.
owner GOING TO GERMANY.
Ql?\ On/. RENT $106 PER MONTH: 6
•~ I U.UUU. fine nearly new fiats with all the
latest improvements and conveniences: 46x137:6;
Folsom boulevard; warm bell of the Mission.
BUSINESS CORNER NEAR THE NEW RACE-
COURSE. --. •
____-100 STORE BUILDING AND LOT;
COZY HOME NEAR MISSION ST.; EASY
TERMS.
Ql 700 RICHLAND AYE.: ONLY 3 MIN-
«S>— ' UU. utes walk from Mission-st. electric
cars; a really cozy home: substantial, nearly new,
2-story bay-window house and lot 25x100; Chicken
houses, eta ; will take $.00 or $400 cash; balance j
on time to suit at 7 per cent.
CORNER ON CLAY ST.
Q^OOO COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE ;
o*-'UUU. of 6 rooms, etc.; brick foundation: lot i
27:814x110; business location: corner, 27:8"4 x
77:6, iv vacant: store and flats would make this a
10 per cent net investment.
FINE INVESTMENT ON OCTAVIA ST.
S^KOnn MUsT BE SOLD ON ACCOUNT |
vTOUUU. of foreclosure of mortgage; 6 sub- !
stantial flats; 34x85.
BARGAIN ON DEVISADERO ST.
Qg__Qf_n BUSINESS LOCATION: COTTAGE j
<3"*i.-*-"U. of 4 rooms; could be raised and store '
put below and mado a handsome investment; ;
25x80; street accepted.
HOME ON CLIPPER ST. AT A BARGAIN.
Ql QOO A LOVELY NEARLY NEW BAY-
-0 J- yJ\J\J. window cottage; brick foundation;
all improvements; 26:1x114.
ANOTHER SNAP.
(j_7*;/,n BENT $60 ABOVE WATER; 2
»_■* i .)UU. substantial 3-story houses: could be
converted into 3 flats at an outlay of about $500
and made to pay 10 per cent on the investment:
37:6x71; owner very anxious to sell; street ac-
cepted.
MUST POSITIVELY BE SOLD.
CAOZY HOME NEAR MARKET AND VALEN- '■
.'' cia sts.: a nice bay-window cottage of 5 !
rcoms and bath; brick foundation, etc.
COTTAGE NEAR 26T11 AND MISSION STS.
<_1 1 \i\ 4 BOOMS AND HIGH BASEMENT,
•_ 1 J x)yJ . etc.: chicken-houses, barns, etc.; \
large lot, 28x199*0; only 2 minutes' walk from
MJaslon-ot, electric-cars.
MUST BE BOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE.
QJ-".O0 Ri'-NT $42 PER MONTH; A GOOD \
»„*i.)\'Vf. paying Investment on steiner st. :
strut l accepted by the city; 2 flats of 6 and 5 .
rooms and bath each and small house of 3 rooms;
27:.x110.
OWNER INTENDING TOGO EAST.
St -X MM A REAL SNAP; PRICE DECID- !
•_3_.t7UU.edly reduced: '.' nice flats on the
sunny side of Jersey ft.: rent $27 per month; brick ■
foundation, etc.; 25x114.
TELEGRAPH HILL INVESTMENT.
Ql */jl | a HOUSES OF 5 AND 4 ROOMS, j
•_ I OUU. rent $192 per annum, and lot: mort- !
gage of $800 at 7 per cent can remain if desired.
TO CAPITALISTS.
fl_JO r.f\(\ A VALUABLE DOWN-TOWN
OTu.t'v/l', business corner fronting on 8|
Sireets: stares, «* c. ; substantial building: bay '
iirfjcw ■; Inn Ii fciniiilsi.oa; nil streets accepted; ;
well rented, paying big interest; large lot.
Ca'.l and obtain one of our"Real Estate Records." ,
which contains a list of properties lor sale in all
parts cf the city.
G. H. I'MRSE.N & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
A> BEAL ESTATE AGENTS,
19 MONTGOMERY ST.,
UNDER LICK HOUSE.
QJOOO AGREAT BARGAIN; see THIS
•JtUUu. at once: 2 bay-window flats on Pine
s:., a short distance from Devisadero-st. cars; 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $40 per month:
lot 25x137:6.
Q9ftoo BENTS $40 PER MONTH; 4
•_*)__,UUU. flats of 4 rooms each; lot 25x75; near |
Ist and Brannan sts.
Q J 000 JIUST BE SOLD: GREAT BACRI-
♦^p —UUU. floe; no reasonable offer refused;
sunny, modern. 2-story, bay-window, newly
painted house of 7 rooms and bath; laundry; base- j
ment; garden: sunny side of Post st.; choice loca-
tion; cheapest property in vicinity.
QX/'XH SUNNY SIDE MCALLISTER ST.;
•_ UUUU. 2 flats of Sand 6 rooms and bath each;
large basement could be easily made Into flat at
small expense; substantially 'built; lot 26x100;
rents $516 per year.
Q PvOO COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS, WITH LOT
<tJpUUU. 25xl00feet; 2 blocks from electric cars;
a bargain; Mission warm belt.
Q.l^oo AN OFFER WANTED: SACRA-
*4P-'*JU-'. mento-st. corner short distance from
Leavenworth St.; 2-story bouse; very central
downtown location; mortgage of $3000 can re-
main.
Qlfinn I-BTORY' COTTAGE HOUSE OF 5
I UUU. rooms; rents $10 per month; high,
healthy elevation: splendid view of city; nr. Val-
lejo and Jones sis. ; only small nayment needed to
purchase cheap home.
CfcOOnn BARGAIN; MODERN 2-STORY
•JOOUU. bay window house;' 7 rooms, bath.
unfinished basement, beautifully papered through-
out; wooden mantels; bay view; short distance
from cable-
FOR EXCHANGE-LOT. ON OAK ST., NR.
Clayton; size 25x100: as part payment for two
flats in Western Addition; will pay cash differ-
ence.
For further particulars of any of the above prop
erties, apply to BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG. 19
Montgomery st.
"11' ILL E. FISHER & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and General Auctioneers,
14 Tost St.
Houses rented ; rents eoUected: insurances placed-
properties cared for. '
RICHMOND! RICHMOND! RICHMOND!
QlfiJZ. 25x120; 7TH AYE., NEAR POINT
«J»D i O. Lobos; a pick-up. '^
Qft^O LOTS 1N BLOCK "TH AND BTH
♦pOUV/. a vs.. A and B sts.; street work done-
sso cash; $10 per month.
Q I ~\f\() s«Jxl_o: ll"! AYE.. NEAR POINT
•_ 1 UC'V/. Lobos- remarkably cheap.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
Q-l^O 4 BLOCKS FROM THE PARK-
O'i'-'"- ready to build on; easy terms.
WESTERN ADDITION.
<_* 1 QXO '-OLDEN GATE AYE., WEST OF
OIOUU. Baker st.: 25x137:6.
(_ I QOO GREEN ST., BET. GOUGH AND
3{) LWVJ. Ociavla: 26x137:6: cheap.
<"'.()() *' '" * 6xlio; BAGE *.i NEAR
QOTWin I'" s 27:6x99; BAKER ST., NEAR
♦J) O UUU. Page.
MISSION.
QUOO BEAUTIFUL LOTS, 25x114; N.
*_ »1o". side Liberty st., near Dolores: grand
view; street work done: offers considered.
Q 1 Tiki I 25x110: N. side of 21s- St.. nr. How-
<£> A I \JU. ard; must be sold.
IMPROVED.
<C*Of'nO BLKOANT NEW 6-ROOM COT-
«tp_.v^"J'_*. tage; 3d aye., nr. clement St.: easy
t'rms: must be sold within 10 days; make any
offer.
S^TOnf) 2 XKW FINELY BUILT FLATS; 5
*4P ' y.VV* and 6 rooms and bath; Baker st., nr.
Washington; r-nt $57 60; cost $8250 to build; no
reasonable offer r< fused
Ss'l">nO BEAUTIFUL 10-ROOM BEBI-
,_ ,f.i\r\'. di.. on Po»t St., nr. Van Ness aye.; I
largfc lot to rear street: rill take less.
•Jl; 1( ) ( 100 5 ELEGANT FLATS ON
BIIV.VVU. well st.. nr. 25th; lot 40x117:6 to
rear street: rent 92.
sft -.4 000 '* ,: '^ MAGNIFICENT COR-
♦_-•_»_. V_-V'. ner residence: vicinity of Van
Ness aye. end California St.; lot 68:9x137:6, with
an L; would be cheap at $40,000.
Houses and lots for sale in all parts of the city
Call lists. WILL E. FISHER & CO.,
." - - ■ - 14 Post st.
Q9^.00 HAI ' F CASH, TWENTY-FIRST
.J) __,_»"-". J. St.. near Sanchez, 75x114: will sub-
divide: unsurpassed view. \V. 11. CRIM & CO..
118 Montgomery St. ''
*9ft( Ml _** , W S'P AGE OF S ROOMS AND
•JT.-U'.'V". bath; all modern improvements: 235
'1 bird aye.. 175 north of Clement St.; also a lot on I
Fourth a\e., In Richmond. Lljtrict. B. J. TA Y'- !
LOR, 3116 Point Lobo. aye. "
XX CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, BEAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
Ql 9 000 MAGNIFICENT BUSINESS
♦^l_w.■_ , V»V , . corn-TOn Fillmore st., 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
largo store; lirst-class location for grocery.
A* AN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
> street: an elegant business corner; paying a
large income.
Gi f 7f 100 Kox72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
tJDOJUW. bard; reduced from $6.00. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
Q^OOO 2 FLATS; SANCHEZ, NR. 24TH;
OUUUU. lot 25x101. MADISON & BURKE.
I>AUI" RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
A -rooms and bath: all modern conveniences:
25x137:6; only $72&0. MADISON & BURKE.
C?__."_On WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
"iTVJUCM i . dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON J. BURKE.
QJPvOO EVERE'IT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
♦4DIUUU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
£.000 BAKER. NEAR SUTTER: 2
•PUUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
<3*f»nnn PAGE. NEARBRODERIOK; RESI-
♦_>UUUU. deuce of 7 rooms aud bath : lot 25x
87:6. MADISON & BURKE.
<J_ £.000 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
«35UUUU. Ridley; rents $41; lot 26x77:0.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
]CJEW COTTAGE; NOE ST., NEAR 25TH; 5
A.™ rooms; bath; basement; modern in every re-
spect; $1000. balance $20 installments; no inter-
est; lot 25x85.
Q. 5300 HILL, NEAR CHURCH; NICE
♦jpi-OUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
$Or.f\(\ LARGE INCOME; SHIPLEY', NR.
**p__i*JUU. 6th; 2 flats: lot 25x75. : •;:
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— C_pp and 19th: corner: 125x122:6.
6ux190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
in subdivisions.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vicksburg; 60x114.
$4000—65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 234.
$3500— Steiner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$'_700— Broderick, near Bush: 30x103.
$240')— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— I. yon. near Grove; 25x100. -
$•-050— Ridley, near scott ; 25x117:6.
$1801— Noe, near 18th- 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.; 26x84.
$1350— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
$1300-19 th, near Sanchez: _5x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
MADISON A- BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. 11. _xs___. O. F. Yon RH_i_-.
OF. YON RHEIN ,V CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
$1600— Larkin. near California: 40:6x87:6; 3
story bay-window house, containing basement
stores and flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
$15,0C0-McAUlster, near Buchanan; 63:9 x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coal yard; rents $105.
$12.000— Page, near Gough, to Hose aye.; 27:6 x
120: 2 flats in front anil 2 in rear: rents $76.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
-."balance at purchaser's convenience.
$ 10,500— Francisco.near Stockton : 45:10x137:6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
$11.000— Page, near Octavla: 27x120 to Lily
i aye.; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
$60.
$10,000— Pine and Fierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi-
I dence. 12 rooms and bath. . ' --
$8000— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000- Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
22x68:9; 2 flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70: 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont: 41x122:6 to
Pfelffer; double 2-story house on each frontage;
rents $64; will sell either front::. .
$7200— Laguna, near California; 30x110; cot-
tage. 7 rooms and bath.
$7000— Oak. near Laguna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 SO.
$6500— Mason, near Post; 18x55; 2-story house:
7 rooms and bath: rents $:"i 50.
...CO— Mission, mar 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and flat above.
$6000— Vailejo, near Sansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements: rents $57.
$5500— Powell, near Fella place; 22x65; 2-story
house; 18 rooms.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenworth : 43:9x137:6:
two trout and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$4500-Broderick and Clay; 27:8x100; 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$4200— Guerrero, mar 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 5
rooms and bath.
$3500— Bartlett, near 26. 25x76: 2-story
house. 7 rooms ami bath.
$3800— Vallejo, near Kearny; 20x60 throngh to
Hinckley alley; _ flats on Vallejo a!., 3 flats on
Hinckley alley: total rent $44.
$3500— Gough and Lombard; 5SxS4| private
resiaei.c •.
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6: .'-story flats; rents $25.
$3300— Larkiu. bet. Filbert and (Greenwich : 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
terms: 22 :8x99.
Cottage— Larkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 cash, balance same as rent;
27:6x1 10.
$3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms: rents $32.
,*3ooo— Pacific, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$26.
$1750— Fairmount Tract: Arlington, near Mi-
guel; 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
$1600— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
22 :6x62:_: 2-story house; 2 flats; rents $18.
$1400— Telegraph place, near Kearny; 17:2x46:
2-story brick building; 7 rooms: rent $15.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms. : «,-> rt ,;
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7500— McAllister, near Fillmore; 40x137:6.
Valencia, near _stli-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley. -."• "
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$1676— 23 d and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, Increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200-Cor. B and 26tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Ellen. 6
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st.;
20x65 to rear street.
*900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract: 2 lots, block B, Serpen-
tine road.
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 60x100; will subdivide.
MCA-'EE BBOTHERS, '-
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
LOTS. 7x7)7' x".
QQOOOAND UPWARD FOR A 25-FOOT
•TpUUUU lot on Presidio Heiehts, near Devisa-
dero st; superb marine view: choice locality: easy
terms; no more desirable location for homes in
the city.
ffljOQnn AND UPWARD FOR A 25- FOOT
•4PUOUU lot, corner Scott and McAllister sts.;
the property is in the midst of fine dwellings near
the park, and is in every way desirable lor resi-
dence that will always be sought after; persons
proposing to bul.d should see us at once for favor-
able terms. 'r -'_____
C_9"| 00 DEVISADERO St., NEAR WAL-
•]P__AUU. ler; 25x116; an excellent residence
lot with good view; desirable . and Impioviug
neighborhood. ,
Qjonnn BRODERICK st., NEAR GROVE;
f^pUUV/U. 25x100; a most desirable residence
lot; asphaltum street, cement sidewalk and ac-
cepted; every ln shape for immediate build-
ing.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
.. 108 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINa
Point Lobos, Cliff House and 41st aye. ; choice
lots on electric-car line; grand view.
Point Ix>bos, Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes.; fine
gore lot; 550 feet main frontages and unsurpassed
view : birgaln.
$5000— D st.: business corner: nr. cars and ocean.
25x120 lots, near electric-cars ; from Ist to 43d
ayes. ; ready lor improving.
Denial Heights; Gift Map lots, near Cortland
aye.: school and cars: on Wayne St. ; bargain.
Siegel st. and Powhattan aye.; choice, cheap
Bernal Heights building lots.
San Bruno road and Crescent aye.; choice Ber-
nal Heights lots; cheap.
$20.— Bay View lots, near railroad.
$1.-0 and $200-Lots; Heath st., bet. Jefferson
St. aud Cortland aye.
VI A KET-STRKET PROPERTY. '
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
w??n v , bttVe commission and time. Address
1010 Leavenworth at.
JACOB HEVMAN
OFFEBS BIG BARGAINS IN LOTS ON $5 AND
$10 MONTHLY PAYMENTS * AN °
Fine level building lots from $90 up; close to
MUMon-st. car line: park lots from $60 up- Rich-
mond lots from $300; $500-level building lots
near Concert and Olympic Club grounds; other
lots at big bargains; call at office for full list- no
trouble to show lots. * ""
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner.
■' Room 5, Crocker building. "
Q7SOO 2 4 LOTS IN RICHMOND; 2 COB-
♦JD I OUU. ners; well located - part cash
<l_fi__oo'' ' il GRADED .LOTS IN RICH-
•4rC*-lv/C*. mond: fenced and grassed; ready to
build on: price reduced.
fflj r~.fi CASH, BALANCE $10 PER MONTH-
*4P*JU level lot. 25x120; 32d aye., bet. Point Lo-
bos and Clement. '
ffl. 07 X LAKE ST. ; EXCEEDINGLY CHOICE
tjpuiu. 30-lootlot; near cable cars; sewered -
permanent view; reduced price, '
11. E. POEHLMAN. 415 Montgomery st.
QEK THOSE $160 LOTS TO-DAY IN FRUIT-
O vaie Terminal Tract; $5 per month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26. 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st.
Qft^OO REDUCED PRICE; HOWARD ST.,
(JPUUUU. near 18th; 2-story residence, 8 rooms
and bath; make an offer.
Ql/1000 MAKE AN OFFER; RENT
-*-_:. UUU. $1440 per annum: McAllister St.,
bet. Pierce and Scott; 4 modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms
each. .
Ql 9 000 A BIG BARGAIN: DEVISA-
•4TA.£.UUU. dero st.; bet- Page and Halgnc.flne
2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath; stable in
rear; lot 52:137:6.
<I_l 1 000 RENT $1260 PER YEAR;
A 1 .UUU. splendid Investment on Nob Hill;
fine modern flats: always rented; lot 36x137:6;
cable-cars pass the property. X 7.--. ~X : 7i~{~7X
Qfif-OO LEAVENWORTH ST., BET. CLAY
•4PUUUU. and Sacramento; 2-story an tbase-
ment residence; 8 and 9 rooms and bath; lot SOx
100; probate sale; must be sold. c •■■, '-■*. "..
Q_L9PiO GREAT BARGAIN: RENT $660
•JD'i-J O\J. per year; two stores and 10-room
flat; Union st., near Octavia; large lot.
l 7Z.(\ WALNUT ST., BET. WABHING-
•_>U I O\J. ton and Jackson: new 2-story house;
9 rooms and bath; lot 27:8x137:6.
I
QR9oO O'FARRELL-STRKET CORNER,
*4DU_J*J-". near Devisadero; 4 flats; rent $54;
lot 45x60; both streets bltumini.ed.
Q9OOO EASY TERMS: BAY-WINDOW
<p_UUu, cottage of 6 rooms; Connecticut St.,
near Twentieth; close to Union Iron Works; 2
blocks from Sixuenth-st. electric-cars.
ffl»9QnO EASY TERMS; FOURTH AYE.,
♦jp-iOCV/. near Clement: cottage; 6 rooms;
bath and basement; lot 25:6x120.
Qfi^.oo SEVENTEENTH ST., CLOSE TO
•jT) UUUU. Market and Castro, elegant flats;
cost $6250 to build; 6 and 7 rooms, baths, etc.;
extra large iot; must be seen to be appreciated.
S7^oo HAVES ST., BETWEEN LYON
I UUU. and Lott; 3 bay-window flats: 6,7
and 8 rooms; large lot; rented very low for $63.
(S;"| 3 000 MAKE AN OFFER; CLAY" ST..
?4PLU.UUU. near Van Ness aye.; 2-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 60x128: splendid
location for flats. ■ -.■?.
ft-l'^OO STEVNNSON ST., BET. RIDLEY
tjP-UUU. and Hermann: _ bay-window flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $40.
UNIMPROVED.
G»inn PEK FRONT FOOT; VERY' CHEAP;
«tP 1 \J\J Fulton st., near Steiner: half block from
. Alamo square; 62:6x137:8; will subdivide; street
i bliumlnized.
i Q^n VERY CHEAP: N. SIDEIPOINT
I yg)OU\J. Lobos aye., bet. 27ih and 28th sts.;
! 25x100.
I •ft^ > ;: . 27TH AYE.. NEAR SUTRO ELEC-
; <P*J^_". trie road, on Clement St.; 2 lots, each
I 25x137; $25 cash, $10 per mouth.
I ©SQQ 26TH ST., NEAR CASTRO: 25x114.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
Of, OK, CASH,
| «_?-__» $10 MONTHLY. :":'"
PRICE ONLY" $275.
Lots on 10th and 11th ayes., N end O sts., south
of the park call for a diagram.
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
' 10 Montgomery St.
"I LOTS
l"±U SOLD IN THE PAST
FOUR MONTHS
I In the Castro-st. Addition: speaks well for the !
I property and the prices, does it not? If you will co
and see the property, we think you will buy a lot
also, for you cannot help but be favorably Im-
pressed with the property.
LOTS $3 50 TO $400.
TERMS $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
The streets are all graded, sewered and macada-
mized; title perfect. . - :_--.
Take the Guerrero-st. electric cars to-day (Mis-
I sion or Valencia transfer at 14th sl.) and ride to |
i Chenery and Castro sis.; agent on the ground to
show property.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
i SELLING
O FAST.
89 LOTS SOLD
IN A VERY SHORT TIME.
Tho sales average one lot daily in the Rich-
mond Block, bounded by 11th and 12th
ayes., California and Lake sts. It is the
price that selis them. Lois on lltli and
12th ayes.. with the streets graded, sewered
and macadamized, for
j ijj) ( 00. $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.:,.
Don't wait until . they are all gone. Go out
to-day and see them. Take the California
or Sutter-street cars.
BALDWIN <fc -.*. -
HAMMOND.
10 IooMEBY STREET. -
AI, HOKIOEB. LOUIS A. SOCC.
1 A. SOUC & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS-
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
463 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
A few good things that must go this week :
Q^.ooo 25x114-19TH. NR. GUERRERO:
•^pUUUU. modern bay-window flats of 6 and 7
rooms; bath, laundry and basement; Al order
Q^f-OO *«*"*• TWENTIETH ST., NEAR
*j*s*_"c*V/t". Valencia; bay-window house; 8 rooms
and bath; $3500 can remain on mortgage.
.000 *°* 114 : LIBERTY ST..NR. GUER-
*7xyjyJyJyJ. rero; bay-window house; 8 rooms-
bath; laundry; Nob Hill of the Mission: grand
view.
StO^OO VALENCIA. NR. 20Tn : LOT 29x
•4J"C*UW. 90: bay-window house. 8 rooms and
bath: could at small cost be converted Into busi-
ness property.
Q-17^0 30x114: HILL ST., NR. VALEN-
♦4l* rr I O\J. cia: bay-window house 8 rooms, bath,
laundry; nouse in perfect order; street bitumin-
ized: moitgage of $2750 can remain; property
well worth $6000. " .■-.-.. r •
Hts'^ooo W-iaS; CHATTANOOGA ST., NR.'
tP-iUUU, 22d; cozy cottage 6 rooms; bath'
perfect order; fine garden.
Qt.ooo AN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH-
*_)UUUU. 2-story house 5 rooms, bath, street
work all done and accepted.
$9£oo 25x80: LEXINGTON AYE., NEAR
•4P _.OUU. 19th— 2 -flats, 4 and 5 rooms; rent
$28; street work all done and accepted.
Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; a so good business corners In any part of
the Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.
near Sixteenth. . ; ;.. ,- ' **
JOHN P.OBR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST.. OPP
O Safe Deposit, offers for sale :
$7.00 — McAllister st , near Fillmore; double
flat; 6 and 7 rooms and bath, rent $47 50
$12,600— 9 th st., near Mission; double flat of 6
and 7 rooms; lot 25x70.
$20.000— corner: 2 stores and flats un-
stalrs: lot 28x62; rent, $140.
$4000— Minna st., near New Montgomery: will
be a business place; house 8 rooms; lot 30x66.
$3000— Natoma st. ; 2 story; 8 rooms; lot 25x70-
-rent $30. '
$28,500— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each; also 2 5-room cottages on 17th et. • lot
65x100; rent s22Bo per annum.
3,ooo— Howard St., near 4th: 3-story house-
2 stores and lOroomsupstair-: lotS0x80: rent $77*
$37.000— Splendid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paving $300
per month, and will greatly Improve In value.
Reduced to $1 1,500 from $14,000— Valencia st
S. of 10th; 2-story bay-window house, store and flat
7 rooms and hath upstairs; lot 30x88 feet; always
rented : make offer. . ""
$3000— 7 th St., near Brannan; lot 25x76, with
improvements: renting at $30.
92000—6 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st.
near Valencia. » "'
$6800— Rent $85; lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 bouses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented. ' V es- ■" "s.:i'i ';"-.-."-.
UNIMPROVED.
$3200— Haight St., near Baker; 25 or 50 by 110
$3100— Corner on Fillmore St.; 24x82.
$1250— 24th* st., near Dolores.
■ $2500— Cor. Larkin and Greenwich sts.; large
lot. 62x87:6.
$800— Noe St., near 30th ; lot 36:6x75.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
■la. ; make offer.
fflj Ai7Z.f\ WORTH $7000: RENTS $80; LOT
*J*"± 1 UU. 137:6 feet deep, and -fronts two
streets: two houses of eight flats: this Is the great-
est bargain in this city; see it and be convinced.
$3300— Rents $40; NW. corner in the Mission ;
two houses of •_ flats each; lot 26:6x105; cost the
owner $5000 four years ago: terms to suit.
H. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
URK ST., NEAR LARKIN; FINE LARGE
lot 60xS5, with 3 3-story houses; always rented
at 160 a month; near new City Hall; a good buy.
$3000— 1st aye. boulevard, cor. Clay st. ; large
lot 28:4x102: ready to build.
$5000— Natoma St., near 6th: 25x80; rents $45;
2 flats and rear house.
$3750— Golden i ate aye., near . Ist aye. boule-
vard; large lot 60x137:6, with cottage; must be
sold; make offer." ROBERT J. MERCER <fc SON,
410 Pine st.
_• 1 £.00' NEW 4-ROOM - WINDOW
•TrluUl/. cottage, with bath, pantry; brick
foundation; 1 minute from Mission St.; terms
same as rent. Call to-day at 3000 Mission SL.C. F.
BROWN. '"-■•■- ' ■ ■ ■'
$97e.H HUNT ST.. NR. THIRD—
tJT__i i *_)U. 9 rooms, renting $29 per mouth: lot
20x35.
Tenement < property on Tehama, . near
Third, renting $65 per month: lot 40x80.
$2000 only— Choice lot | on Frederick, near Clay-
ton; terms tosuit: lot 25x103. ;■-.-..
$1660— Belvedere, near Frederick; 25x95.
ENGLISH A MORRLSSEV. 628 Market st.
Qt'MOO DIAMOND ST., NEAR : EIGHT"-
;tj)-ivl/. ecnth: two flats with stable in rear;
deep lot and rented low for $-0 per mo.: $1800.
, We have some lots on South Broderick st., near
Fourteenth;: elegant view of city and street work
complete: take a look at these and make us an
offer, as owner must sell. • ,■ » ■■
J. VV. WRIGHT di CO., 628 Market St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Q FINE BUSINESS corners ~~~ ~~~-~
£ IN THE WESTERN ADDITION
AT SACRIFICE PRICES.
$6250— NW cor. Sutter and Baker sts.; 42:3 x
87:6 feet; present improvements— lo-room house
—could be remodeled into flats and store; would
pay big. .-"-"'
$6000— SW cor. Hollls and O'Farrell sts. : 90 feet
on O'Farrell by 50 feet; fine site for stores and
flats; reduced from $7000; must be sold.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. : ■■ ' -. . . ~~ " ~
MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
$3300— A 2-story house, nearly new, of 9 rooms
and bath, on Union St.. near Baker; lot 27x150
feet: this property cost over $5000; reduced for
Immediate sale on account of departure of owner-
easy terms. EaSTON, ELDRIDGE «fe CO..
638 Market st.
"VTEW COTTAGES. ~~
IX :„._-„.-. ' JUST FINISHED.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3000— Cozy cottage of 5 rooms, bath, attic and
basement, on 2d aye., nr. California st.; lot '_sx
120 ft. ; easy terms.
$3000— Modern cottage of 6 rooms, porcelain
bath and all the latest conveniences, on Noe st.,
nr. 22d: key; lot 25x105 ft.; one block from Cas-
tro-st. cable; easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <_ CO.,
■- ; 638 Market st.
INVESTMENTS. : '■ ~
WELLIMP KOVED
INCOME-PAYING PROPERTIES.
$10,500— A pair of handsome modern flats of 8
rooms and bah each, substantially built, nearly
new, on a corner facing the Park Panhandle; al-
ways rented.
$13,500— Three modern flats of 6, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath on Grove st., nr. Franklin, and four flats
on rear street (ivy aye.); lot 27:ex120ft.; pays
nearly 10 per cent per annum: always rented.
EASTON, ELDRIDiiE & CO..
638 Market st.
MISSION HOMES.
1- -::■ -• ■-.:".> r- BIG VALUES
IN CHOICE PROPERTIES.
$4500— Substantial house of 8 rooms and bath:
on the N. side of 15th st., half a block north of
Market; lot "10x115 leet; stable on uremises; fine
place for teamster; reduced from $5500.
$3500— A handsome modern residence and bath-
on 20th at., nr. Castro: only 4 years old ; in good
condition; grand panoramic view of the city aud
bay; the improvements cost over $4250 and lot
$1500; ill health the cause of owner sacrificing
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO?,
638 Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
'» * FINE PROPERTY*.
AT BEDROCK PRICES.
$10,000— A handsome residence of 10 rooms
bath and conservatory; on California st., nr. Van
Ness aye.; lot 26x137 feet; recently reduced.
$7000— Modern house of 8 rooms ana bath: sub-
stantially built; on the N. side of Page st., nr. Fill-
more; a tine lot 1)6x137:6 feet; this pronerty
cost owner over $10,000. ■..-",...:
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
T OTS, LOTS, LOTS, LOTS, LOTS.
$4200— Sutter, nr. Sco'.t; 30:6x164.
$3000— Cor. Dolores and Liberty; -.8x92.
$2700— 25 th St., nr. Noe; 80x114.
$2250— Ashbury, nr. Fell; 25x106:3.
$-250— Cor. 25th and i astro: _sxBo.
Clayton, Dr. Page; -5x106:3.
$2000— 28th aye., nr. A: 140x120.
$1550— 215 l aye., nr, Church: 50:11x114.
#1200— aye.. nr. A: 76x120.
$1000— Mississippi, nr. Yolo: 106:5x100.
$900— 25 th St., nr. Noe; 26:8x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' 638 Market st.
rpHE RENT YOU PAY——
WILL BUY A HOME -
ON THE HEYMAN TRACT.
Think of It: new modern 5-room house, built to
suit you, with fine level lot, $25 monthly: 4 rooms,
*20 monthly; bath, basement; fifteen such homes
built In the last six months.
Take Castro-st- car 10 23d st., walk 2 blocks
west, or Mlssion-st. car, transferring to 22d st.
direct to property. Our, resident agent, Mr. James
E. Colter, will show you around.
THE HEYMAN TRACT
Is the finest residence property within the city
limits; all street work dene.
JACOB HEYMAN. Owner,
Room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
MONEY-
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY",
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLERT, Vice-President.
SOL GETZ * BRO., _ ' *■'"' ; 7.77. 7;- \
_;; •' REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VTEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
— > for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. ;';•,;:.:- .,
Q7 ; . TO -VOO-LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
•4P I y> boulevarJ; $10 down, $5 mouthly. SOL
OETZ & BRO.
SO Aft $400, $450. $500 TTJ 100-
OUl». Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit put chasers. SOL GETZ &
RRO. ■
QlOO TO $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
♦4P L\J\J Mlssion-st. and electric-car lines; only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GET/ 4 880.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ * BRO., OWNERS, - :
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
ffi>l PER WEEK: FRIITVALE TERMINAL
«3) i- tract: lots $100. McCART j . V CO., 16 Mkt.
LOR BALE— ELEGANT 1 2- ROOM HOUSE,
X done by day's work; salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: view Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
C. BEMIS. ~ ~~~
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Cari and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x160 feet.
$.700— SOx 127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing tbe Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
pari.; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N' W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4i>x3so. SW. cor. 19th nve. and
25th st.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-bous.; all iv good condition; must be sold;
make offer.
lit 1 QOO COTTAGE; 8 ROOMS; LOT 50x135;
♦4pJOUU. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
$1100— Cottage; 8 rooms; lot 76x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $16
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135: $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
PA C 1 FIC HEIGHTS— nit E E~NEW 12-ROOM
houses, 2847, 2849 and 2851 Fillmore St., S. of
Green: all modern improvements; receplion-haU,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity pr gas; unobstructed marine
view: good investment.
o* Oft PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO i.OAD:
»iP__iV/ 6*_ miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. H. 1;. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 11 lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery st., ro.m 10.
VI ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
i'l bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates
Call aud see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
LOR SALE— SW. COR. OF FOLSO* AND 21ST
X sis.; 95x90 ft.: cheap for cash; also SW. 20th
and Treat aye.: 25x110 ft. Inquire 1205 Market.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A D V A NCK (ON (L IPE INSUR A NCK." LEGA-
-fL cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 6.
LOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
A. diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy at.
MORTG AG ES, LOANS ON COLLATERAI S-'
low rates. Sylvaln Saloman & C 0.,328 Montgy
&1 00 000 TO "--Jr. ON LIFE INSUR-
•4P-LU-*.V""J_» ance policies; money placed in
paying mines. JOSEPfi P. TOPUTz" 330 Pine.
"I ST <_ 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN c"*
Atatesjlowest rates ;no deIay.MURFHY.62B Mrk't.
A ( U VANCKS ON DI AMON DH,J ETC
-fV Columbia Loan d. Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES-'
estates, undivided _!__!■-* real estate »■ prol
bate. McCOLG AN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2- j.-
OAKLAND LOANS ON MORTGAGES
V/ on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HUGH M cam.
ERQN, 479 Ninth st., Oakland. ° LU " -*' CAM
VI ONEY. LOANED OX JEWELRY AND
£r__ °v, her _ T - l - vu * ble8 _ "I the Security Loan Office.
_____ Market st..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR OR PIANO-
no removal: no delays;, no commissions: Aow
interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
BIG CAPITAL IN "TRUST AT 6 PERCENT-'
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box lO.Call Office.
..•-.:; ' . PAWNBROKERS^ r
AT 126 ' : __EARNY V ST. : : TtOoT_T__rj_o_JEY
loaned, .watches," diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges lor sal i cheap.
_£ITY REAX ESTATE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE it CO.. REAL ES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILL-
BUILDING. <"'i
HOUSES RENTED. - "<
For sale at a sacrifice, on account of the depar-
ture of the owner: must be sold; store property on
24th st. ; rents $75; owner wants an offer; full par-
ticulars at oflice.
$15,000— Price reduced; sunny side Clay st., nr.
Buchanan;' one of the best residence blocks in the
city; 2-story basement bouse of 12 rooms and
bath : salon p arlors; modern In every respec.
j $10.600— Page su, close to Market: good im-
p rovements: rents $840 per annum; lot 27:6x120:
2 fronla.es; must oe sold, -■•■ ■
i $12,000 — corner on Webster st.; substantial
: Improvements; rents $1150 per annum; lot 37:6
I xB2. .
$5000— Handsome modern cottage on Broderick
! sl., near Washington; contains 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x87:6 feet. . .
$1750-Stevenson St., near 14th; 25x80 feet;
street sewered and macadamized.
$13,000-Cost over $17,000; rents $1440 per an-
num; 3 of the handsomest flats in San Francisco;
contain 7 rooms and bath ; mortgage of $7500 can
remain.
$2400— Sunny side of Clay St., near Lyon; 25:5 x
90, or 2 lots at the same rate.
$13,500—3 new modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath: rents $1-60 per annum; Hyde St., near
Geary; lot 25x87:6.
$5500— Price reduced Irom $6150; rents per an-
num, $684; will pay 9 per cent net; front and rear
house; Buss St.. near Howard.
$16,000— Franklin st., west line, near Pacific:
beautiful modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence: decorated and frescoed; lot 38:6x120.
$1290— Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; Cherry
St., bet. Sacramento and Clay; lot 25x137:6.
$8500— Residence of 9 rooms, bath and base-
ment; Washington St., nenr Broderick; price re-
duced from $9000; lot 25x127:8*4.
$-10,000— investment; north side,
downtown; substantial improvements; rented to
one tenant for $3000 per annum, net: mortgage,
$12,000 at 6*/_ per cent; cau remain if desired.
$18,000— Northeast corner residence on Devisa-
dero st.; in Pacific Heights region: over 60 ft.
front; contains salon par, oh in white and gold;
dining-room inoak; breukfast-room: large kitchen:
square hall; decorated and frescoed : stained-glass
' windows; contains 6 bedrooms and baths: every
1 room sunny; billiard and furnace room in base-
ment '. - -?-.-.::--..
$3400— Worth $5000; good substantial bay-win-
dow co:tage of 6 large rooms and oath; tank
closet in bathroom; double parlors: closet in every
! room: cement sidewalk: note the size of lot, 29
xlOOft.; Bush su, near Broderick.
$3000— Price reduced from $3375; fine marine-
view lo: on Green at., close to Scott; 27x127:6.
Jackson su, N. side, near Steiner: sub-
stantial modern bay-window residence of 9 rooms,
j bath and basement; furnace; bilumenstreet; stone
j sidewalk; lot 25x117 the best residence sec-
I lion In .-"on Francisco. *
$7800— St., near Pacific; price reduced; lot
I 40x112.
] $3500— Seymour aye., between Scott and Devisa-
I dero and Turk and ('olden <> ate aye.; substantial
| 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone; lot 25x90; $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 if desired.
$2000— Leroy place, between Sacramento and
Clay and Jones and Leavenworth ; 2 flats of 4
rooms each: rents $20; lot 22:6x60.
$5500— Price reduced; Webster st., near Wash-
ington : very good 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; street accepted; morlgage $3000 at 6 "_ per
i cent canremain; lot 25x97:6 feet.
$4250— Jessie st., near 14th; new flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rents $37 50; look at these.
$2100— Oak St., near Ashbury; a bargain; 25x
100: opposite Golden Gate Park.
$2100— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; La-
guna st.; lot 25x87:6.
$4000— Clay su, near Larkin; 3 flats; rents $43;
otter wanted.
The above is only a partial list. We wiU be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE A CO.,
t 218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 A A rvri/^JK)RTGAG?i $16000; 1920
j JV.UUU. acres, Placer County; . improved
. stock ranch;' exchange for city property.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
I (\fi VACANT LOTS, PRICES FROM
: OU 8150 to $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 to 10,000
M ranches: all sizes: from $100 10 30,00'J
:20 houses: Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
i 100 business places: all kinds: from $50 to 4,000
: 25 lodging-bouses and hotels; from $-00 to - 8,000
WHAT HAVE YOU To OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE- —
; All kinds of property. !
H. C. DECKER, '1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
OWNERS WILL PAY CASH DIFFERENCE
to exchange for City or Oakland property.
| $2500—80 acres near Newcastle; fine fruitland.
$5600—54 acres near Castrovilie; 18 acresfrult,
! 16 hay: plenty wood and water, house, barn, etc.
$6000— acres level grain land; Sacramento
Valley; house, barn, etc. H. SCHARFF, 18
Post St. -/..,;;, I :
Ip 1 V K-_IGHTHS-ACHE"~CITY PROPERTY;
X Santa Ana; exchange for Oakland or San Fran-
cisco; value $1010. Address 1010 Leavenworth.
A LAMED. RESIDENCE PROPERTY, CEN-
-^x. trally located, to sell or exchange for city resi-
I dence. Address H. 8., box 150, Call Oflice.
CENTRALLY' LOCATED AND WELL-PA Y-
ing lodging-house to exchange for clear coun-
try property. Address W., box 9, Call Oflice.
j LOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— ON LINE OF
I 1 -"an Joaquin Valley Railroad: 2 miles from
i town ou thorn Pacific: 640 acres good farming
land : school on place. Address Owner, 303 Clay st.
A LOTS IN THE MISSION FOR SA LE CHEAP,
tt or In exchange for rooming-house or business.
Apply 111 Liberty st.
FpO EXCHANGE FOR GOOD CITY PROP-
-1 erty— Bo acres at Vacaville: all bearing in the
oest kinds of fruit: rents for $1500 per annum.
Address T. F., 434 Tenth St., city.
OR SALE OR TRADE— FOUR CHOICELY'
located lots in Berkeley within four blocks of
Dwigbt "v. ay Station. Apply PnILBRICK, 2548
Folsom st.
1 9£o <-' RES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
1 — H'* water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
financial.
BANKBIJOKS-I
of banks In liquidation, for cash. J., box 81,
Call Oflice. » '
17IOR SALE— 2 SECOND MORTGAGES: FACE
J 1 value $2150: first-class security ; at a discount.
Address M. J., box 67. Call.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— TO BORROW $300 ON UNQUES^
♦ » tionable security; will pay big interest. Ad-
dress HICKOK & CO., 873y_ Market st.
(0.1 000 WANTED ON INTEREST BY" A
♦4PA.WUU manufacturing firm established 25
years. Address M.. box 133, Call Office.
<i_'-*OnO WANTED ON OREGON LANDS; 1
♦JPOUUU to 5 years. HBNNING. 835 Capp st.
BIEDICAL.
\t RS. G. 'Wc7oi^l_.D\^ : eTwß_^^ VIS-
-1»1 eases of the womb, paralysis, rheumatism,
diopsy. liver and kidney troubles, malaria, cancers
and tumors; cure guaranteed. 230 Clara St., near
Fifth.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
■l don't tail to gee MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254 1_ 4th.
A LL CASES. OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
j-A stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. .WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
T ADIES— GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
— J vents, safe, sure: pills no longer required;
$1 50 per box, G. 3. P. Co.. 1031 Market st., B. F.
1 ADIES— CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PEN-
JJ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, '-Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; .at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INKTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest improved method of treatment;
ncrer fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement DR. <_ MRS.
DAY lES, 14 McAllister at., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. '■ French regulating pink pills, $2.
1 ADIES, CONSUL- FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
J J 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
TAR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones, diseases of women and children. ,_ .
I ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE KEGULA-
J_ ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
CURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every -comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk su
MRS. DR. WEGENER. i PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: irregularities cured in a few
hours without ! operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st. ■ -,
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all | cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no churge; separate
home for patients; best skill; medical attend-
nce: . low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si. .
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'SCARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
~~~ TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— STOCK RANCH, 1-00 ACRES,
Sonoma County;; abundance of feed, water,
fruit, farming land and- implements: low rent: or
would take partner who would stock It. Address
W. C.box 67, this oflice. ;., ' ■
TO LEASE— WITH 3 ACRES .; OF
land, young orchard, berries, vines, outhouses.
etc. For terms apply MRS. E. MAGEE, Millbrae,
San Mateo County. . . ■ ,
BUILDING AND - LOAN ASSOCIATION
C"'^?^prENTXL^UILrH.^ ASI
sociatlon— -Home oflice. 222 Pansome sL, S. F.
General savings <_ loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.:
Oliver Eldr.d.e, V-Pr. ; W. Corbln, Sec. & Gen.Man, '
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
O'FARRELL & CO., X:
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPABTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
ft oo Wl *-LBOY 51/2 ACRES JUST OUT-
♦fl*__V'C*V side town limits of San Mateo.
OA ACRES ONE MILL FROM DEPOT AT
•JO Menlo Pork station at a great bargain.
$|7^n FOR FIVE ACRKS NEAR NAPA
«p A tOU City: all handsomely Imnroved.
Gil 9ftft FOR 7 ACRES WITHIN 1% MILES
•4*"A_.VV./ of courthouse at Santaßosa; splendid
land for anything.
•R^ftftn FOR-. 15 ACRES' 4 MILKS FROM
*iP xf\J\.t\j Santa Rosa: all handsomely improved;
will exchange for san Francisco property
and pay cash difference.
Gi~U) AN ACRE FOR A FINE 100-ACRE
tjp OU farm near Niles, Alameda County; nicely
imnroved and crop goes with it.
ft Q"n A A KJ^-AC'RE ORCHARD AT SUNOL,
-JjOdvC*. Alameda County; handsomely im-
proved income suburban home; exchange
for San Francisco lots.
©OMAA FOR 45 ACRES NEAR LIVER-
♦JP_._.*Jc" more, Alameda County; good im-
provements and growing crop co with it.
Gift) Z.() AN ACRE FOR 160-ACRE FARM
♦Ip •_"__ . OU near Haywards, Alameda County, of
whi.-h 30 acres are in bearing orchard: good
Improvements and a great bargain.
<3«9AAA FOR 25 ACRES NEAR DEPOT
tp+jUUU and earner landing at Martinez;
nicely improved.
©QAAA FOR 31 ACRES; ALL OUT IN
*£!OUUU growing crop, with a furnished house,
stock and tools; near Martinez, Contra Costa
County.
Q9,". AN ACRE FOR 400 ACRES RICH BOT-
♦4P*J*_» torn land and slightly rolling land that will
grow alfalfa and fruit: all can be Irrigated:
near Orangeville and Roseville Station, Sac-
ramento County: land is admirably adapted
for small tracts for colony purposes.
ft (.".fin * BUY 80 ACRES NEAR A
"lpo*JT./"U* cannery and railroad depot at Ander-
son. Shasta County: 60 acres in full-bearing
orchard, balance In grain and alfalfa land,
with flue improvements: place worth double
the price ask d.
ft 1 " r. AAN ACRE FOR 480 ACRES NEAR
ipxO.OU Clayton. Contra Costa County; of
partly level/rolling and pasture land; plenty
of wood and water and good improvements; a
fine and profitable train and stock farm at
just about half Its value.
WE HAVE SOME FINE INCOME PRODCC-
• 1 Ing vineyard and orchard properties that are
untouched by frost that we can exchange for
Sau Francisco improved or unimproved prop-
erty.. ..-.:...--•'
OA ACRES CHOICE AND HIGHLY IM-
OU proved land; Santa Cruz County: 25 acres
vineyard, 26 acres orchard; fine house and barns;
choice location: will exchange for large house, San
Rafael or near city. ; "V s '.
A ""_Q ACRES FINELY LOCATED LAND
_:_■_» near Menlo Park, San Mateo County; will
sell at the low figure of $27 50 peracre: grand
chance for an investment near the university.
1 at) ACRES OR MORE OF NO. 1 LAND IN
XUU Alameda County at $15 per acre.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <_ CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building, S. F.
Gil E\f)f) * 500 DOWN; 100-ACRE RANCH;
♦33 1 OUU. well fenced; farmhouse, barn and
orchard.
$1650— 60-acre ranch in Scotts Valley, Lake
County; 30 acres in alfalfa; house and running
water. '■"..■".-.-:
$550—160 acres; 100 level; house, barn and run-
ning water. CHAS. COLTON, 906 Market St.
ffl> 97 P", A NEAR WINTERS: EARLY FRUIT;
tjp__i I OU. good prices: 12*/ 3 acres in bearing: or
exchange for Berkeley or H. F. Improved prop-
erty. Address J. P., box 94, Call Office.
ORANGE LANDS.
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the sume time a good Investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
I payments: no Interest; the trees ulanted on this
j property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
I the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
i turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. ,
I'STABLISHED 10 YEARS
A- N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty '3000 propositions): most reliable,
largest and -
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco. /
UVAS VALLEY; 20 MILES S. OF SAN JOSE,
4 miles west of Morganhill; 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano:
beautiful grounds, interspersed with oak trees; 2
cottages: pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks; waterpiped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
implements for working the place; Improvements
cost over $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder In city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCCRRIE, Lloyd Tevis' office. Mills bldg, S. g
<£» ■*_ A COTTAGE OF 7 ROOMS AND
*P*J*JUU. bath, corner lot 113x135, 2 blocks
from depot; 8 acres garden land in Ross Valley,
or.hard and running stream, old improvements,
$.000. Address J. TUNSTEAD, San RafaeL
1 EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD VALUES AT NO-
J vato. . -" -. '.= .-..-
-$3600—14 acres; chickens, ducks and fruits;
house, furniture, barn, stock and tools.
$3000—10 acres fruit; house, barn and out-
bouses.
$9110— 4 acres fruit; house, barn and outhouses.
$1000—9 acres, partially improved; splendid
offer; unimproved land to suit in prices, terms, lo-
cation, soil; easy terms.
anted— Small ranch property in Santa Clara,
Alameda and Napa counties to exchange or sell.
Send your propositions to SHAND & RIBLET,
Novato, Marin County, Cal.
EAUTIFUL VIEW FARM. 160 ACRES;
ail tillable, fenced and crossfenced ; 100 acres
Of fine wheat; 30 acres of summer fallow; family
orchard; windmill and tank capacity 2000 gal-
lons: 5 head of horses; all farming implements;
6-room cottage: 2*/_ miles from river and railroad
station; Contra Costa County; $9000. Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS. Antloch. Cal. ■
f* ACRES— HAY WARD"*-; IMPROVED; WILL
U exchange: $5600. PHIL BRICK, 2548 F0150m.
VALUABLE CONTRA" COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
fif-ftfl At -'KES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
UUUU ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berkeley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
1 300 ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL LAND
XOUU adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco.
QAA ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
•Jl/l' adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME.
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
QQ AN ACRE; 320 ACRES, HOUSE. FENCES,
«InO fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood;
crops never fall; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc. ; terms easy; no snow; no chills. MA.
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cal.
ARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
Horn San Francisco-
' - Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cnt auy size desired; fruit, grata and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms mads
to suit; send for circular. .•>_--:; ,_' ~ ,
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 84
and 65 Chronicle building.
ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; 1M-
J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly proved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
RANCHES TO LET.
CHICKEN RANCH; LARGE HOUSE, WITH
bath, hot and cold water; 180 fruit trees: 10 acres
Of pasturage. Address M. RYA V, Sonoma City.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. t'RAN_— EXTRAC-TIO^rPAINLESS^
crown work.' bridge work and teeth without
plates a specially. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
xJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<5J7 A set FOR TEETH: warranted as
V ' Rood as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY" LOWEST PBICEa
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
I PULL SET OF TEETH. $7 ; WARRANTED
' five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
1 R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION". - 60c; CROWN '
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 rear.'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. Slo^ Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRIDGE-
XI work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
1 IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
xj ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MA COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
LL .WORK - REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
fVEMo VK D— D R. C." U' O'DONNELL TO 1206
ii Market st. -. diseases of woman a specialty. --
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT i DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 1 Market at. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mull.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TTENTION~Bui_DERS __ PARTIES DE-
_A. siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans aud
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H-
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Ti "*""
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENTS - A THOR- '
VJ oughly reliable systematized land office; Cali-
fornia and Eastern business propositions of all
kinds; colony tracts and ranches; send stamp for
catalogue. E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway. Oak-
land, cal,
FOR ONE OF THE BEST-PAYINGy
produce businesses on the coast: an opportunlti"
of your life: call at once. T. K. ANDERSON 46
Ninth st., Oakland.
NUINE BARGAIN -LOT 30x150, ON
Webster St., near Fourteenth, with Improve-
ments: no reasonable offer refused. For full par-
ticulars apply Immediately 8., box 7, Call Office
Oakland.
Gil f\f)f) CASH WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL
♦JDA.VI UU cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large lot:
ln the prettiest spot in East Oakland. For bar-
gains ln Oakland and Fruitvale properly see K.
HILL, 34 Donohoe building, S. F.
OOK! $100! - LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
L*OR SA~I-E-'_o-ACBE FRUIT RANCH IN
X* choicest suburbs near Haywards; will sell
whole or part; fine home; income property, with
6-room cottage; large garden. Also for sale or ex-
change, 4* acres full-beariug orchard; without
Improvements; cause of selling, death ln family.
MRS. A. C. SCHLAY, Hay- wards, Cal. No agents.
"I y ANTED— A LITTLE GIRL TO BOARD;
" terms reasonable; fine home. Address A. C.
BCHLAY, Haywards, Cal.
1.-1 ACRES; YOUNG FRUIT TREES: BARN,
"2 etc.; good chicken ranch. ALDEN <t KRON-
ENBERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
GiAf) f)f)f) TO LOAN ON GOOD SECURITY
«_) rIU.UUU in city or country. ALDEN &.
KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Q (W)fl 80 ACRES GOOD LEVEL LAND FOR
♦JpUV-Vj". sale by ALDEN <_ KRONENBERG,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
HAVE YOU $100, $200, $300 OR $500 THAT
|you want to make as a first parmont on a
beautiful new home; ten minutes from town:
electric-cars puss the door? If so address WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
COST $4000: WILL SELL FOR $2500 IF SOLD
at once; owner leaving city; corner lot. IOOx
100; street work and walks: modern cottage, Al
condition, 6 rooms, bath; good neighborhood: con-
venient to business center; mortgage $2000, bal-
ance cash. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land. .-.- '.., .-'.- _
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent ; close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work aU done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta- '
tion.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
OX FURNITURE 4 Kt> OMS. H. BCHELL-
•JPOU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
FLAT~2^lTiri__R^Ertn_sA^^ NN V
rooms; housekeeping; every convenience;
grounds; nice home; small family; responsible
adults. 615 Fifteenth St.. near Grove. Oakland. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
<a» cf?A7iP£orr3xi'Yi3^
♦iDI/o. ■_*■_*. City residence property (2 houses) to
exchange for good unincumbered farming lands;
Alameda or Santa Clara counties preferred. Ad-
dress with particulars Farmer, room 8, floor 8.
Mills building, 8. F.
TTIOR SALE— " " "
X House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; house*
rooms. Grand st.; cottage 6 rooms. Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO.,
638 Market st.,
" San Francisco, CaL
OOK-$350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Gil 7<".(l MODERN COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS
•_) I. I OU. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
- $3600— NE. cor. : new; 6 rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.; $250 cash. $30 a month. No. 788.
S3loo— sloo cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3500— New modern -..-story : 7 rooms and bath:
$250 cash. $30 per month. Ho. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL »fc CO., 1432 Park st. Alameda.
<n»9AAA NEW 3*- ROOM COTTAGE; $400
•4P__,VJ , cash: balance easy terms; see It.
$3000— New 6-room cottage; lot 60x160: want
offer: $300 cash.
$4250— New 7-room 2-story house; Broadway;
great bargain. -;'■
$3500— New 6-room cottage: must be sold.
$5500— Santa Clara aye.; 9-room house near
Park st. ; cheap. ' -.-,
$4750— Clinton aye.; 8 rooms; new; Clinton av<».
$6250— Alameda aye. : 8-room cottage; Alameda
aye.; lot 64x160.
$11,000— San Antonio aye.; 8 rooms; allmodern;
beautiful. •
House; lot 135x150; call and see thi- fine
property ; 14 rooms and 6 acres land ; water, milt;
finest property In Alameda: must be sold. On all
these properties street work, sewers and sidewalks
complete. Large number furnished and unfur'
nlsned houses. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Pork st. '
GiOttO NEW COLONIAL COTTAGE OF 6
♦4P_.*J*J"J. or 7 rooms; $300 cash, $40 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st., Alameda.
VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
AA rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els ln doors', plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel ln dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
_. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$160 cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh St., Alameda.
ffij I A A TO $250 DOWN, $25 MONTHLY; NEW
♦25 -I UU 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc ; with larga
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
C_OQAA 6-ROOM COTTAGE r~s3o^s~t^ASH
♦_?.__•_) UU. and $26 per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $250 cash and $25 per
month.
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on hand to suit you will
build to order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD CO.. 1364 Park st., Alameda.
OLDEN GATE— HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS, BATH,
etc., with 2 lots; 2 minutes from depot: horse-
cars: price $1400. Address E. P. BLaGROVE,
Golden Gate station. ;> '
E I 7 (-.1 I BEST BARGAIN IN BERKELEY;
«j?J-<«IU. good cottage; large lot: attractive
flower garden; near university; easy terms. 120
Sutter St., room 74.
Gil f)f)f) WILL BUY A NICK 6- ROOM COT-
«ID i-UUU tage; bath, with hot androldwater; lot
40x80: good location; $200 cash; balance $16 per
month. W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
©{■",(■; A FOR A S-ROOM HOUSE: LOT 40x
♦PUOU 100; $50 cash; balance $10 per month.
W. C. MOK.\N, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <_ CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. -_^
"\riCE COTTAGE— LOT 100x130, WITH 100
A"i chickens; reasonable; easy terms. 210*/
Eleventh St., S. F. • - .. : ,
FOR SALE— LARGE LOT IN BERKELEY;
' 116x300 feet. >
NE. corner on Brush St.: lot 75x110.
25-foot lot on San Pablo aye. ; 60 feet on Tele-
graph aye.; I have been Instructed to sell these de-
sirable properties cheap for cash; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply a: once to
__. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance arent. Berkeley station.
*********** *— * •■— * ** — * ***** •■■■——* **********»*** i
BERKELEY HOUSES.
O^ET^o_r___i___i_EY^
4 rooms and bath, pantry and closets, stable,
chicken bouse: lot 60x135: cheap rent. Inquire
C. C." CARTER, 41 Main St.
*__55________5 — M *^— — ■— — ■ — — —^ —^— — .
BERKELEY ROOMS.
WIT HBO FOiTtsToIEA T-
than home; large grounds: flowers, fruit-
during absence of five university students; 9 or 10
■ weeks only, one block to electric cars; 3 to local
train. '-247 ('banning way.
»■"•»■■ STORAGE.
OWEST^R^-TES^_T}_tnTURE," "pi ANOa
AJ household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market.
H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
X-. low rates; flre-proof building; Eastern plan.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 763 Market st.
PPLYFOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK d. SHIREK. 747 Market.
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations. ' Terminus Geary, Mo*
Allister and Powell st. car Unea.
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
1 1 GUERRERO— NEAT, COMFORTABLE
ilOl dwelling of 6 rooms, bath, front and rear
garden, etc. ; $17.- Corner Kearny and Chestnut:
iiiilntfrmipted marine view; large grounds: 8
rooms; rent $16. W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st. ■' - -■- ■-"
TAI SHOTWELL, COR. TWENTY-FIRST. 10
iUI rooms, bath, $80; 28 Hill, 7 rooms, bath.
$30; 1139 Valencia. 8 rooms, bath, $26; 1137
Guerrero, 6 rooms, bath. $20; 929*_ Natoma, 6
rooms, $16; 105 Diamond, cottage, 5 rooms, bath,
$ 15. W. H. CRIM A CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
-1 QOQ CALIFORNIA, NEAR DE— HOUSE
_0«__" 9 rooms and bath: in good order; rent
$35. BOVEE, TOY" A SON NT AG.
TO LET— A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED 9-
room house: modern plumbing: porcelain bath-
tub; lied sink. Apply at premises, 2620 Sacra-
mento St., between 8 a. it. and 5 p. m.
"TpPR Xl I A 1B I) IF SEEN— B29V. SUTTER,
__. near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
£_•-?<. HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN
t^iOU. 1723 Clay st„ near Van Ness aye.
OUSE 7 ROOMS AND BATH; 3434 SEV-
enteenth St.. near Valencia; rent $18.
OUSE 9 ROOMS AND BATH; 433 O'-AR-
rell bet. Taylor and Jones sts.; rent reduced.
TO LET— HOUSE OF FIVE ROOMS. 4 ROSE
are., near Market st. ____^_
_01 PO\VE___ — 9-BOOM house to let,
"A— .A cheap.
ELEGANT - SUNNY HOUSE: 8 ROOMS;
J large basement; reasonable. 816 McAllister.
OUSE OK 7 ROOMS; - all MODERN IM-
Drovements. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Garfield
square.
LEG ANT PARK RESIDENCE; 7 BOOMS
and bath; low rent. 205 Central aye. (formerly
Lott St.). bet. Oak and Page.
OUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH IN FINE
location: lv good order. 1427 Post st.
C?"1A HOUSE OF 6 BOOMS; YARD; 735
♦35 AU. Willow aye. Key at 1326 Eddy st.
I "".fIU GEARY-HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; RENT
X DUO low; garden and busement.
OUSE OF 7 BOOMS, WITH ALL MODERN
Improvements. 733 Turk st.
m. lft FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH: 624
♦E^lU. Locust aye., off Laguua st., nr. McAllister.
jj» *r 1731 BROADWAY, NB. gough ST.—
<3> .O, House's rooms, with every convenience
In hot air furnace and marine view.
TO LET —AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
house: 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
8419 Jackson *'.: marine view: rent reasonabie.
ILL E. FISHER ACQ., 14 Post St.
F. RENT MAN V* HOUSES BECAUSE WE
ii treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND .10 Montgomery sl.
furnished HOUSES.
QONNYHAN I ISOM 1 . LV IT RNIsBUBD FLOOR
13 of 4 rooms, bath, etc.: suitable for family or
physician : reasonable. 913 Polk st.. near Geary
PPER OP. LOWER FLAT, FURNISHED
complete for housekeeping. 106 Devisadero.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED 2-STORY AND
basement house (incandescent lighting) to let
from June 110 Sept. 1 Call 10 to 12 a. m. 517
Devisadero St., near Hayes*, reasonable rent to
suitable party.
\ KTISTICALLY FURNISHED HOUSE OF 6
-<A. rooms on Russian Hill: fine marine view,
large sunny yard, gas stove, bath, piano: will rent
to proper parties for four mouths at a very low
ri_ur»-: references. i*_s Green st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
F* tf __^__S£_3_____l~S--6o_t- a_jT_ & AT_f :
in best residence portion of California St.; will
let desirable tenant have the furniture rent free for
3 months. Address F., box 7. Call Oihce. ■..-.'?-.. ;f
FURNISHED FLAT 4 ROOMS; BATH. 116 a
Fourteenth sL. near Howard.
Y OB SALE'— FURNITURE OF 8 SUNNY
J rooms and bath: rooms all rented; cheap for
cash. Address F. F., box 44. Call.
'L__tj.' XT FURNISHED FLAT; 9 ROOMS
T. and bath: '. minutes from Sutter and Kearny
sts.: central. Apply MADISON _ BURKE.
_|-BOO_. FLAT TO LET; FURNITURE FOR
*j sale cheap; rent low. H. 8.. box 88. Cull OlHce.
COTTAGES TO LET.
EE NT DC _ I) : 2 -21 HYDE; COTfXOE
of 8 rooms: stable: chicken-house: large yard:
rent $26. Apply P. C. MOLLOY', 138 Montgomery.
Gil A n.7i SUNNY, COZY COTTAGE FOUR
•Jll.-JU. rooms: bath, garden; near park.
2716 McAllisters*.
A TEHAMA— COTTAGE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
O large yard: rent moderate.
3 AND 5 ROOMS: CHEAP. APPLY' 2643BUY-
ant. near Twenty-fourth.
OTTAGK, 7 BOOMS; BATH; LABGE BARN;
50-foot lot; $16. 913 Fourteenth St.
COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS AND SHOP TO LET;
1305 Ellis st. Inquire 1221 Laguna st.
O"LET— COTTAGE IN THEIMISSION-.LAROE
yard; 4 rooms; rent cheap. 1304 Florida, above
Twenty-Sftb; key corner grocery. .
C UNNY 3-ROOM -.OTTAGE; PLEASANTLY'
0 situated; rear of 1615 drove st.. near Lyon.
I CATS TO LET.
Ql _»9 WASHINGTON, LOWER 7 ROOMS,
Olo^i bath, $32 50: 2518 Mission, upper 6
rooms, bath. $22 50: 2825 Howard, lower s rooms,
bath, $20; 207 second, upper 7 rooms, $18: 1211
(iuerrero, upper s rooms,. bath, $17: ll*y_ Mcl^a
court, upper 5 rooms, bath, $16; 116 Dorland,
upper 5 rooms, $14; 2416 Mission, upper 4 rooms,
bath, $14. 1,307 Minna, upper 5 rooms, $14. W.
H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery. .
ON'T FAILJI'OLOOK AT THOSE MODERN
flats of 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; central location:
no car fare necessary: Turk st., near Larkin; «rent
only $25. Apply MADISON _, BURKE, 626
Market st. ........
CORNER MODERN FLAT. 6 ROOMS
0 and bath; SuO Hayes, cor. Webster. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st. "
T^.9.) FELL. NR.LYON^MODERN MIDDLE
-L *J_j— flat of 5 rooms and bath; newly frescoed ;
facing park panhandle. Apply to TON,
ELDBIDOE <fc CO., 638 Market st.
"dj.Q AND UP. NICE - CLEAN FLATS FOR
•JO good tenants. SPECK _ CO.. 602 Market.
O MODERN SUNNY flats ON capp ST.
O bet. Mission and Howard, Twenty -secoud and'
Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
mantel fireplaces, with large separate back yard,
etc. ; rent will suit you. Call at office, O'FARRELL
& CO., 11 Montgomery st.
OOK AT THESE COZY SUNNY UPPER
A- fiats: 5 rooms and hath; marine view; 2 and 8
Hanover place, off Sacramento St., below Mason ;
- key corner Mason.
UNNY FLAT: 3 ROOM-": MODERN IM-
CJ . provements; also stable. 1915 O'Farrell st.
LAT OF 3 ROOMS: YARD; WATER FREE;
rent $10. 366 Third st.
PPER PART OF 2-STORY' FLAT. 133 LILY
xJ aye., key 136 Page st.
MALL UPPER FLAT: UNFURNISHED.
1001 California st. ■ •
LAT, 4 SUNNY' ROOMS; 610 NATOMA ST.;
$13. .
Gi')(\ NEW double" bay - WINDOW
'X —U. flats, modern, 6 rooms and bath. 15
Henry s;., near Sanchez. .;.-..: '
C*"l ?7~ UPPER DOUBLE BAY - WINDOW"
v'"- fiat. 5 rooms and bath. 747 Seventeenth
St., near Sanchez. '
0 ANCHEZ, 544, NEAR NINETEENTH (FLAT
1 B)— I rooms; bath; sunny; decorated; modern.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS; ALLCON-
-0 venlences; cellar; rent low. 1 1 17 Shotwell
St.. bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
MODERN FLAT: 7 BOOM- , BATH. 1136
Geary St., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
LOWER FLAT IN PARK PANHANDLE: 6
rooms and bath ; rent $15. 1310% Page st.
"V"OB HILL, OPPOSITE STANFORD'S: 7 AND
Xl 8 rooms and bath ; rent $42 50 and $47 50. 726
Powell st. :■ - • •:
OfiA LILY AYE.— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH:
OUI rent $14. Owter 111 Van Ness aye.
TAPPER FLAT, 3 ROOMS, $10. 29 RINUOLD
<U st., near Folsom and Ninth. "__*.; i
ESIRABLE SUNNY COR. FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
latest Improvements. 1541 Eddy.
i_l Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THI R-
♦Jp xOm teenth St., above Valencia.
"ICE COMFORTABLE FLAT, 6 BOOMS;
— a bath; separate yard: reasonable. 6 Zoe at.
bet. Third and Fourth. -
d_QAND $12 — 2 4-ROOM FLATS; LARGE
•3>o yard. 123 Vallejo st.
.-".I 1 1 FRANK I .IN ST., BET* MCALLISTER
ull2 and Fulton— Flat 3 rooms: cheap rent.
1 RQ7 FRANKLIN ST.— SUNNY FLAT OF 6
J OU I rooms and bath.
CIENTRALLY LOCATED; 4 AND SBEAUTI-
I ful sunny rooms; t sl3 50 up. 1616 V*, Mission
st., near Eleventh.
11 QQ HOWARD — ICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
A..L00 flat; large yard: cheap rent.
IpOUR-ROOM FLAT; RENT $9. SI^DOReTstT;
' near Bryant.
ffl.l F. RENT; A BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5
J. _» rooms. 262 CI st.
*LaT— lol3 MCALLISTER ST.; 7 ROOMS;
bath: pantry; large yard.
ANDSOMELY' FURNISHED HOUSE OF 10
rooms, altogether or divided, with finished
basement. 538 McAllister st., near Van Ness aye.
OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
Side o? street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rlngold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
SW. COR. ELLIS AND SCOTT— FLAT OF
C? 6 rooms and bath; $15.
FEW MODERN FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
Ai bath. 2617 Gough St., near Vallejo.
4-ROOM _ MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
yard." 315 Lombard st.
ELEGANT FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS; $20 TO
$27 50; water free. 1315 steinerst., near Ellis.
Q. 1 A NEW3-iA)OM FLAT: BATH; WASH-
♦JpIU. stand: tubs: cheap. 1125k Oak st.
OUR ROOMS AND BATH, NEWLY PAPER-
ed and painted throughout: on third floor:' at-
tractive house .and neighborhood; low rent;
$12 50; only quiet; family without children.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
"I Rf)7 STEINER, NEAR SUTTER— j
LOU I flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath. .
FEATS TO LET— Continued.
rt>-i FINE MIDDLE FLAT. VERY LOW
♦J) lU. rent. 432 Seventh St., near Harrison.
r()/.<l MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 BOOMS;
I _.U2 modern Improvements; rent reduced.
I HARRISON, NEAR SIXTH — NEW
t)OX fiat; 6 rooms; all Improvements: cheap.
EDUCED RENT - 1-41 TWENTY-THIRD
St., near Castro: modern sunny upper 6-room
flat; rent $16: water free. !_
E EDUCED RENT-23 PROSPER ST., OFF
JA Sixteenth, near Market: modern sunny upper
5-room flat; rent $16; water free. -
ITtLAT 7 'ROOMS, BATH AND NICE STORE:
X separate or together. 320 Hayes st.
C*lQ CONVENIENT 7-ROOM FLAT; NO
♦s*lo. dark rooms; bath, closets and elevator;
at 946 Union St., Oakland. See KOZNIG <_
KKOLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland. .
ELEGANT FLATS; 5 ROOMS: ALL LATEST
improvements. 10 and 141 Grove.nr. City Hall.
Ot iA 822 HOWARD ST.. NEAR FOURTH,
*_>-IU. 12 rooms aud bath. ASHTON, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page Bt.,cor. Clayton, Golden Gale Park.
"I V ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
VV flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st.
TATE BENT MANY' FLATS BECAUSE WE
VV treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. __^
VAT EBSTEB 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
IT 7 rooms; rent $26. $27 60. .
LEO ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 10 $16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY, OFF MISSION, NR. SECOND—
Sunny furnished housekpng rooms, sl 60 week.
Bryant Street.
AO A BRYANT — ONE OR TWO SUNNY,
rtoU nicely furnished rooms complete for house-
keeping. ■
Buchanan Street.
1 111 7 BUCHANAN— TWO OR 3 SUNNY UN-
AU-L I furnished rms. and bath for housekeeping.
l.uvii Street.
1 |1Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
X -tJ. O home: private family: reasonable; refnes.
Clay Street.
1 C ) 7 CLAY, NEAR POLK— 2 OR 3 FUR-
-10-1 nished housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
Clementina Street.
Q/*9l CLEMENTINA, NR. FIFTH— NEAT-
OU~% ly furnished rooms for liousekeepg; cheap.
Eleventh Street.
Q'7 ELEVENTH— 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
00 I complete for housekeeping.
Ellis Street.
C AO ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
OUO room; complete for housekeeping; $10.
CQOELLIS — 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
iJO_j rooms with bath.
7f)f-i ELLIS— SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OF S
i UU rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
79Q ELLIS ST. — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
I— U front alcove; also sunny back rooms.
Fifth Street.
QQQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE:' SUNNY BAY-
OU window room with kitchen; other rooms.
Fillmore Street.
o*l 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
♦JpIU. ing rooms. 2208 , ,_ Fillmore st., nr. Clay.
Eol«oin Street.
Q7A FOLSOM ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
OIU rooms for housekeeping, double and single;
reasonable.
QQ" FOLSOM ST.— 2 SUNNY' ROOMS, FUR-
-000 nished for housekeeping: yard and use of
bath: rent $9, : : c >
1 ,: ._l FOLSOM— 3 BOOMS FURNISHED FOR
J. * 'Ox housekeeping to a respectable party: $9.
1 QJQa FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY KITCHEN
A.U_:Oand bedroom: furnished for housekeep-
ing; $10.
"1 OOQ FOLSOM— SUPERIOR SUNNY' HOUSE-
-I____U keeping rms. In front: bath: garden; $9.
ueary St. eet.
ml GEARY - LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
ZiX I 3 rooms; rent $7; key at 217.
v. old. vi Gate Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY NEW-
-000 ly furnished housekeeping rooms; bath. |
fAAf) GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY PUR-
U _:U nished rooms for housekeeping.
Hickory Avenue
"1 f)R HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
AUU sunny furnished rooms for housekpng; $15.
Howard street.
PP.-t 1 HOWARD — FURNISHED AND UN.
00 1 3 furnished room for housekeeping; first
floor, upstairs; cheap.
7_lQ HOWARD — 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
I "A*/ front rooms; nicely furnished; housekeep-
ing; private.
Q/"|'l HOWARD— FURNISHED HOUSE-
OUO2 keeping rooms.
1 £.09 HOWARD— FOUR SUNNY ROOMS;
JLOU__ rent cheap.
" Myde Street. "^ '
QOQ HYDE, BET. EDDY AND ELLIS— 4
o£U sunny front rooms, furnished, housekeepg.
Larkin Street.
1 f)()(\ LARKIN— PARLOR FLOOR; 8 SUNNY
JLU' 'U furnished connecting rooms for house-
keeping; $'_ 60; gas. '
McAllister Street.
COl MCALLISTER— TWO HOUSEKEEPING
•J-- I rooms, front and back: very reasonable.
Minna Street.
Af)R MINNA— 2 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS
: IUO for housekeeping.
Mission street.
"I QCfT MISSION — ROOMS, COMPLETE
xUOO housekeeping and others; terms to suit.
"I "1 Q7 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
x JLO I keeping rooms, also single; reasonable.
279_ MISSION— LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
4 — tt bay-window rooms; running water, grate,
gus, bath, closets; with connecting room complete
for housekeeping; also large sunny furnished
room suitable for 2 gents or man and wife.
Natoina Street.
f»(Jk NATOMA— I LARGE SUNNY ROOM,
UO furnished for housekeeping; range; yard; $5.
t\(A7 NATOMA— TWO SUITES HOUSE KEEP-
OU I ing rooms: $8 and $10 month. .., .
/_>_;-" NATOMA— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
U — '_• rooms, complete for housekeeping; $11.
7_:; Ninth Street.
9A NINTH, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
•— U housekeeping, from 2 to 4 rooms; suites;
single; stove; gas: rent $12 up.
9"! NINTH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW FUR-
«I nished room for housekeeping: single rooms.
Octavla Street. •
"I 403 OCTAVIA, COB. GEARY— SUNNY
A _:UO housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished. - '".'_•';•-•.--.'-:..■.-
O'Farrell Street.
7QQ O'FARRELL ST. — 3 j UNFURNIBHED
• UO rooms for housekeeping: $7.
Polk Street.
097 POLK, COR. O'FARRP'LL— 2 BEAUTI-
-0--i I ful front rooms; en suite or single.
Seventh Street.
1 3ft SEVENTH— 2 LARGE FRONT ROOMS
J.OU completely furnished for housekeeping;
yard. -..;:"<■;-.•-. ■■-:■- <-..*.
1 _9 SEVENTH— FRONT SUITES;
x _:_j also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
South Park.
"I f» SOUTH PARK - 2 TO 4 FURNISHED
AU housekeeping rooms *7 to. $14; 4 unfur-
nished 10.
Stanly Place.
9 A STANLY PLACE, RINCON HILL— 3 SUN-
.£t7ny bay-window rooms; complete for house-
keeping.
Taylor Street.
"1 AA TAYLOR— SUNN V PARLORS: HOUSE-
XUiJ keeping, If desired: double room, $8.
Tenth Street.
"1 94 TENTH — ELEGANT CONNECTING
-I-__i _: housekeeping; piano, new carpets, gas-
stove; suitable for physician or family of 4.
A Ql TENTH-UPPER FLAT SUNNY HOUSE-
_.OA keeping rooms, $S to a young couple.
Third Street.
C"I Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
OXU nished housekeeping rooms.
Twelfth Street. .
99£ TWELFTH - 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
____ for light housekeeping, with use of elegant
bay-window parlor, sitting-room and bath; $10.
Twenty-sixth Street.
I I CI TWENTY-SIXTH. NEAR MISSION-
XlO% Large, sunny, convenient housekeeping:
suites; nicely furnished; $8 to $11.. I
. Valencia Street.
QQ_I VALENCIA - NICELY FURNISHED
•JUT: sunny rooms for housekeeping.
. Van Ness Avenne.. j
7"! A VAN NESS-FRONT PARLOR SUITE
I LU complete for housekeeping: $25; also single, i
lA9| VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY-A
xU^jx suite of 3 front sunny rooms with kitchen
and gas stove; bath and all furnished. ..-,.; j
THE -, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
. _ ■ BOOMS TO LET, , _
Eddy Street.
n't A EDDY— LARGE, SUNNY, NICELY FUR-
UX xf nlsbed room.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished. ,
I I C EIGHTH-SUITE OF 2 NICELY FUR-
a JLU nished rooms: gas, running wa'er, grates,
corner bay-window; sun all day; $3 50 per week.
Eleventh Streeet.
TO LET— LARGE FRONT ROOM, ALSO
small room; furnished or unfurnished. 11l
Elevenths'- .-'.•■'''.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot and cold
water. '•':*.>
qTc ELLIS— FICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
♦J Ac? $2 and up; also houskeeplng rooms.
A9Q ELLIS — PARLOR SUITE SUITABLE
tr— jO for dector or family; also single room.
Fifth Street.'
"I A 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR
A. U 1 nished rooms.
* oi.orn Street.
7 C _ FOLSOM— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FINE
' ♦li" location; suitable for one or two.
7QC FOLSOM -$6 MONTH: SINGLE SUNNY
• OO furnished front room. ■■^■^■-■■- : X
CiOP. FOLSOM - LARGE SUNNY FRONT
000 room, newly furnished, with use of bath,
rent $8; also single front room, nicely furnished,
rent $4. '•.■-;.■>.•;-•.-.".> v^
"I 0-19 FOLSOM — SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
x U ___/ rooms for lor 2; bath also housekeeping.
Franklin Street.
"ICIC FRANKLIN - SUNNY FURNISHED
I__LU front room and bath; $8; caU mornings.
Oeary Street.
AQQ GEARY — FRONT DOURLE ROOM:
trOO nicely furnished; running water; closets.
Cfifi GEARY— ROOM-RENTING AGENCY:
UUU parties at hotels and others will be fur-
nished with all kinds of rooms in private respect-
able families by applying to above address; no
charge. '_.-,:? _ ; *
OCIP. GEARY— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
U__i*J lor 2 gentlemen; private family; refer-
ence. -
QQ"! GEARY, COR. lIYDE — PLEASANT,
OU A sunny furnished room: elegant corner flat.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
handsomely furnished suites and single rooms
also suitable apartments for physician. 1101
Geary St., cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Q9Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
DJj\j alcove; 2 gents or couple; $20; also single,
$8 up.
"I ACQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
xUOO nished sunny front room; running water.
Harrison Street.
7C A HARRISON— NICELY FURNISHED
i OU sunny rooms; suitable for 1 or 2; $5 to $6
a month.
Howard Street.
7_7 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I'll double and single; cheap.
Ql Q HOWARD — FRONT PARLOR; PRI-
OaO vate family.
Q_C HOWARD— SUNNY' BOOM FURNISHED
_» tO for two: grate and bath.
Hyde Street.
GOO HYDE - NICE FRONT ROOM; ALSO
U_J.J other rooms; gas and bath.
Jessie Street.
A CiQ JESSIE NEAR SIXTH-SUNNY FUR-
"UO nished rooms; moderate prices.
Ql 9 JESSIE ST. — NEATLY FURNISHED
0 1 — rooms; with or without kitchen.
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-"I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SIO to S3U.
> Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable
Larkin Street.
71 C LARKIN — LARGE NICELY FUR-
I Id nished room; running water: gas; bath:
sun all day.
Of) A LARKIN — LARGE, SUNNY ROOM
Ol ' _: neatly furnished; light housekeeping if de-
sired; $7.
Q"| Ql LARKIN— HANDSOME FRONT PAR-
C"J_._"2 lor: large closet; suitable for 2 gentlemen
or man ana wife; $10; privUege light housekeep-
ing.
Leavenworth Street.
_1 A LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY BACK PAR-
Tlu lor. suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent
made satisfactory.
I COP. LEAVENWORTH — 1 OR 2 ROOMS.
J.U_.*J furnished or unfurnished; sunny; private
family; cheap.
Market Street.
YOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
night, 360 to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
1 "".QQ MARKET— 2 MORE SUNNY OFFICES;
A OV'O also rooms for housekeeping.
"I P. CI 1 MARKET. OPP. VAN NESS AYE—
i*-"-'I-2 2 large unfurnished front rooms:
rent $9.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, NEAR MASON-SUNNY
rooms; $5 and $6.
Minns street.
Q7 MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Ol rooms; single or double; also housekeeping.
MINNA, COR. SECOND, AND 81 NA-
toma, cor. Second— Furnished rooms; very
clean; prices reasonable; new owner.
179 MINNA ST. — NEATLY FURNISHED
11* rooms 75c and $1.
(\C~\7 MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
00 I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Mission >treet.
01 7 MISSION-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
__■ I keeping; bath; all conveniences.
L'UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
xJ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
IQI 9 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED,
J Oi*- suitable for 2. $10; single room, $5.
Ninth Street.
OP NINTH-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
AO single and suite: terms reasonable
Pine Street.
£91 PINE-PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS $5
O-jA up: gas; running water; quiet house.
.--*;'"•;■-; Polk Street.
nPOLK-FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS,
or single; also housekeeping; $4 to $12.
Q 1 Q POLK - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
xfXO sunny rooms; new carpets, furniture: gas;
bath; running water; reasonable: quiet.
1 "1 QQ POLK (NEW BUILDING), CORNER
1 LOO Sutter— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms. ...'•":;; <v ';-.'.,
Post Street.
7f\f\ POST, NW. COB. JONES LARGE
I UU sunny alcove, suitable for one or two een-
tlemen.
1 0V7 A POST Nit - LARKIN-FURNISHED
____> front room, $5 a month.
"*; I oweil Street.
990 POWELL - SMALL SUNNY ' ROOM
___> for gentlemen: $10.
(\oi . OWELL ST., NEAR BUSH, BIGHT IN
"-"VJ-" town— Large, sunny front room suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen. ,
Rnss Street.
41 BUSS — FRONT AND RACK PARLOR;
TL elegantly furnished.
second Street.
P.P. SECOND— NICE FRONT ROOMS FOR
00 housekeeping: single and double; $1 up.
Seventh Street.
C9Q SEVENTH ST.-$6 50; 2 FURNISHED
OAO housekeeping rooms.
Sixth Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
double and single .-ooms. _■' : j
South Pari..
90 SOUTH i PARK— FRONT ROOM FUR-
A\J nished; suitable for 2 or man and wife.
I Stevenson Street.
A OP. STEVENSON, FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
_r_i*J large rooms: yard;; basement; first floor. ,
Stockton Street.
41 7 STOCKTON— 2 SINGLE FRONT ROOMS,
tfcA 25 or $6; also housekeeping; sun. ■
1 Ql A STOCKTON— SUNNY*. FRONT ROOMS:
A.OA _t single: en suite; also doctor's office ; cheap.
butter Street.
P. AA SUTTER, CORNER POWELL— FLAT OF
OUU 6 sunny unfurnished rooms; suitable for
physician or oculist; use of reception-room, •
THE ALEXANDRIA"! 781 SUTTER— ELE-
gant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator.
. Taylor Street. . . ~V'/„/:7
"I _A TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED
lit/ front rooms: sunny; rent reasonable. . . ..
Third Street "'•-.■.:.'■". -J
WINCHESTER ! ' HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; **1 60 to $6 per week ,-
; electric lights in every room; reading r*m : free bus. '
1 -. ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
'lurk Street.
"I "I £» TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
A A _> newly furnished; single; with convenlen-
ces; board optional. <.-.*-.
I"; 041 TURK - 3 FURNISHED SUNNY
ifA-x\ rooms; bath and gas. ■ " '
Iwelftß Street.
A TWELFTH. COR,""" "MARKET— 2 NICELY
j : furnished rooms: one $3 aDd one $8 a month;
good for two.
Valencl-* Street
"I 04-3 1 V ALENCIA^~FURNISHED SUITE
xU^lO* of rooms, $15; also single rooms.
Miscellaneous.
BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED APART-
xj ments, suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen, or cou-
ple; exclusive use of whole floor; home comforts;
sun all day: reasonable; reference: location, Cali-
fornia and Leavenworth sts. Address P. H., box
106, Call Office.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q O *". POST, HYDE— NICELY FU_U?IS__D
VOO large front room; good board ; lor 2 gents.
TWENTIETH, 3626, BET. VALENCIA AND
Guerrero— Alcove front, or smaller room ■ with
board; first class; private family.
Ol O EDDY (HEATII)-SUNNY BAY-WIN-
OXiJ dow rooms, suitable for gentlemen; very
reasonable; board; references.
SUNNY FRONT PARLOR; SEPARATE EN-
trance; board optional : cheap to permanents.
3990 Twentieth st.
71 Q GEARY— HANDSOME FRONT ALCOVE
I AC suit with excellent home table, suitable for
two; also large rooms for two gents; very reasona-
able. r- v ..-.
994. TURK-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
AA rt boara ; private family.
ICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 7 60 and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 60
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's HoteL
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-149 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
•pi conveniences.
clairvoyants. ____
--"-'•--■ __z_X_---I . --- r ------____
50 cts and $I—6o cts and $I—so cts and 1.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
TO CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM PROF. F. EUGENE.
1728 MARKET ST.
The professor during his long residence In san
Francisco has met with unprecedented success.
He could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to his worth, but It is not neces-
sary to search the extremeties of the earth
when he can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been " made prosperous and happy
through his wise advice; ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. Investigate and
you will flnd that your business rival is one of his
many patrons. . •.• : *:• .v-
-•Nothing succeeds like success," and if you
would be successful call on him without delay; It
costs practically nothing; 60c and $1, 60 c and $1,
SOc and $1. 60c and $1, SOc and $1 is his price
atpresent.no more than you woula pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium. . - .:■...--
His readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professor gives advice on all
matters that are of inierest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
He locates mines and buried treasures, finds lost
or stolen property, Interprets dreams, cures bad
habits and destroys evil influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professor in San Fraucisco.
There may be something in card reading and
egg breaking, but did you ever see very bright
people foretelling the future in this manner?
There may be something in palmistry, but most
of the people In this line cannot tell whether cer-
tain lines ln the para were made by nature or
were the result of a clumsily fought duel.
There may be a great deal in astrology, but most
of the self-all- ged astrologers cannot even tell
the position of the planets they talk about.
And last, but not least, beware of partially de-
veloped mediums who are not capable o? properly
interpreting a m*_sa.e from the unseen world.
" Remember PROF. EUGENE'S communications
come direct from the Spirit World, hence his in-
ability to be mistaken in any matter. <
Remember also that the Professor Is perma-
nently located in San Francisco: he is here to stay.
Hours 10 a. v. to 8 pm. Letters containing
stamps answered. PROF. EUGENE,
. 728 Market st.
STARTLING!
WITCHING I BEWILDERING!
MARVELOUS!
Multitudes daily visit the sumptuous parlors of
PROFESSOR M. i_ CARNBLLB, 220 EDDY ST.
And why is it? The record made by this greatest
of mediums 7 years ago is reproduced upon his re-
turn, and the grand truths he then expounded left
indelible Imprints on the minds of studious people.
During the years of absence from our creat city
the professor has visited every city of Importance,
and has been consulted by the most eminent ex-
ponents of every art and science. He at all times
invites skeptics to call on uira, and lie will con-
vince them that he Is sincere and truthful in all
that he claims to do. The professor ' believes that
"Honesty is the best policy," and desires your con-
fidence on all matters incidental to humanity. If
your existence possesses the many intricacies
which need unraveling he is prepared to show
you the way. If false friends surround or beset
your path you will find his marvelous powers of
the utmost avail. His vast experience in giving
advice on business, mines, speculations of any
kind, games of chance, changes, lawsuits, wills,
old estates, lost or stolen property, interpreting
dreams, curing bad habits, and guiding you
from all troubles or dangers; also, indispensable
advice on love, marriage and how to choose a
wife or husband for future happiness or success.
This; together with the work he performs In re-
uniting the separated, causing a speedy marriage
with the one you dearly love, healing family
troubles, - removing evil "influences, etc., Is the
safest guarantee that he is once and for all the
most brilliant medium and clairvoyant of modern
times. Thus it is that professional men and so-
ciety leaders seek his advice: thus it is that a
heavy mail Is daily his. The grandest test of all
is to seek him personally and you will find him to
be the magnetic medium of the people. Letters
with stamps promptly answered. Hours, 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
ALL AND BE CONVINCED. "
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
These and many other such expressions of grati-
tude and explicit confidence pass the lips of those
who daily visit the crowded parlors of the most
gified of the many mediums, Mme. Stewart.
They go further to sing her praises to those who
find married life unhappy, promising investments
utterly worthless, lawsuits unsuccessful, lost rela-
tives undiscovered, and the secret of amassing
wealth that is written indelibly in the— dt-stiny" of
all mankind unsolved. Miners, speculators, as
well as business and professional men consult her
occult powers on all matters of vital Importance to
themselves and others. Remember. Mme. Stew-
art's clairvoyant powers penetrate like an X-ray
your future life and that of others as well. Asa
card reader she Is unsurpassed, having read the
cards since 11 years of age. Consult for a mere
pittance Mme. Stewart, the only seventh daughter
01 the seventh daughter. Lad and gents 50 cents.
Parlors 2 and 3, 917 Market st-
GU ILT THE VERDICT OF THE PEOPLE
AGAINST THE MYRIAD OF FRAUDS
AND IMPOSTORS,
While Zanzic, the famous White Mahatma,
excels! •'-:*
'1 here can be no grander testimony than his
brilliant record. The Dcautiful philosophy of spir-
itualism has in him its most eminent medium, and
occult science Its devotee. Failure with Zanzic Is
a word unknown, as a visit to 315 Ellis St. will
prove. For why? Zanzic is incomparable!
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies SOc, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
M INN IE ADA MS.TA LENTFD PA L IST AND
life reader; names given; 25c. 43 Minna st.
ISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT! PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766*/. Howard st.
PROF. LEON. 1007 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH—
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
love, marriage, divorce, etc. letters with stamp
answered; hours 9 to 8 daily; also Sunday. .
GYPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included) ; _6cup. 946 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee •_ 5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
MIeTMOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howards*.
RO i'\Z A N I C , RELIABLE ' M ,~C LAIR.
X voyant and palmist. . Parlors 315 EUis st.
X" ETURNEII, WORLD-RENOWNED MMl_
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. 132 Turk st. '■. .-; .
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the oictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MB. STEWART; GREATEST CARD BEAD-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
VI ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
I'X er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pa3t,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted, names ; given; cood advice; '■ sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. !"'_9 Post st.. nr. Larkin.
B_3S» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
«••—»* WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SPIRITUALISM.
"yOUR PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE ATA
x glance (ladies only): 25a 230 Clara, nr. Fifth.
ONELLA— OF THE MOST j WONDER-
fu! mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediunnhip; all are Invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-'
dom is power. , 318 Kearny St., room IS *: - .•&•■?'
MRS. : J. -J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton
■:- ASTROLOGY.
MME '.EXODIUS, ,' CLAIRVOYANT. -RE-
moved to 1003 Mission St., nr. Sixth; fee 50c.
CHILDREN BOARDED. XX
SUNNY, HEALTHY HOME FOR CHILDREN
►J in private ■ family; large -yard: scnool con-
venient. 3990 Twentieth st., before 10 a. it.
fy OOD HOME FOR A CHILD; NO OTHER
xj children; nice sunny yard. N.S., box 86, Call.
WANTED— 1 OK 2 CHI: DUES' TO BOARD;
'- good home. 1043*/. Valencia st.
69] PINE— INFANT OR CHILD TO BOARD;
VJ-J L refined home: sunny yard; best of care. .
2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; NOT UNDER 5
years; good home; best of care. 2016 Folsom.
GERMAN LADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
■ care of a child: nice home. 2612 Manchester.
YV"ANTED-1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD
ii with respectable people: good home. 1508"/ 2
Central aye. - , -
STORES TO EET.
GROCERY AND LIQUOR-STORE AND 2
VT rooms: rent cheap-: good stand. Apply 19
Zoe st., bet. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Bran-
nan.
a_ .
2 STORES AND BASEMENT; ADAPTED TO
piano business; SE. cor. Leavenworth and Ellis
sis.; to let. JOHN A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
"VTW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE— STORE
A*l and 2 rooms, suitable for drugstore.
Al C FOURTH— SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM
rtXU in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st. __^_-
OFFICES TO LET.
CONVENIENT OFFICES IN NEW BUILD-
ing corner Market, Drumm and California
sts.: elevator, etc.; rents low. MADISON A
BURKE, 626 Market st.
OCA MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON— FUR-
OOU nished office: also furnished rooms en suite
or single: reasonable rent.
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices, $12 60 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
Offices $10 and upward. Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. ..-
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ase free.
STABLES TO LET.
D EAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; 2414 CALI-
-■> fornla st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
Icle building.
STABLES WANTED.
SUITABLE STABLE FOR 30 HORSES: CEN-
tral location. Address _ *_ box 163, Call.
*
t LOST.
LOST— A PASSBOOK^^ITIiT_TE^I__3-C?IA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of HELEN D. DALGLEiSH, No.
188,956. The finder will please return to bank.
OST— FROM 1019 MARKET, A LARGE
brlndle greyhound dog with white spot on
back of neck. Any person returning same to the
above number will be suitably rewarded.
QtP FOR RETURN OF FOX TERRIER DOG
»|>*J to DR. ARTHUR REt.ENSBURGER,
409 *_ Post st.
LOST-BABY'S 818 PIN; SMALL DIAMOND
setting. Return 402 Third: receive reward.
MALE FOX-TERBIER: HEAD EVENLY
marked; unmarked body; reward. 900 Lom-
bard st.
OST-ON THURSDAY, APRIL 16, PARROT;
talks English, French and Spanish: flew from
corner of California and Scott sts. Finder will
please return to 2632 California su, and receive
reward. "-. .-:v-.-
>^ r _ w _^^__j_?^"'„ --..-.... "7
PARTY LOSING MONEY THURSDAY P. M.
may recover fame by leaving particulars with
M., box 57, Call Offlce. :
L' OUND-COW. INQUIRE OPP. TWELVE-
X mile house. Mission road.
SEWING MACHINES.
IMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER SEWING
A machine, with all attachments; $16. 2437 Mis-
sion St., near Twenty-first. •
fflj fr UPWARD: RENT $1 60 TO $1 75
•4P _• monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed ; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st-
LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired : lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
Tattoo i__J, \ 'y \\Srf
L ) } 4HP A r-*_i__(M«3 *-___-
((fir* x *• &*.
'mil 'V 50 r* _>-'
//JFureKa l V >£ /_>f *
I [®*fi. d di __•• __wintemi'f'i_f _-x*V
M Jferson 1,1 r ;
\\\\y{' *& J/\''-
'■• v*
San LuiiK^^Onndppeodencri
Obispo _**"* V ft' X.
l^-^f'WA // Phoenix
>v SanDiPgi^^V'Q'rijnTa
W\vml:_^
OClPar Partly C'Oufl.
• C loiidy ©Ram ©Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flits with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath v it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted sr.ow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso-
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, The
.word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th. interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
nerth and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb-
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
I-AXESI SHIPPING INTELLItiENCE.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 26-Schr J G Well, hnc
Apr IS. __
Balled Apr 25— Stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
MOSS LANDlNG— Arrived Apr 35-Schr Ab
bie, from Fort Bragg. ■ ■ ■
FORT ROSS— Arrived Apr 25-Schr Ettaß, hnc
Apr 23. _ ■
Sailed Apr 25— Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 25— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool and Queenstown ; stmr Aachen, f m
Bremen. . -' - * 7X K -'' x rli''"'' '
Sailed Apr 25— Stmr Campania, for Liverpool;
stmr Veendam, for Rotterdam; stmr La Gascoeni.',
for Havre; stmr Stuttgart, for Bremen; stmr
Fulda, for Naples and Genoa: stmr Mobile, for
London; stmr Persia, for Hamburg: stmr Thing
; valla, for Stettin.
HARVE— -ailed Apr 25— Stmr La Bourgogne,
for New York. - . •
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled Apr 25-Btmr New
York, for New York.
importation*. .:■■'..-•;".
EUREKA— Per North Fork— 9 dry hides, 8 green
hides, 12 sks gluestock, 1 cs hardware, 1 bale
paper. 2 cs crockery, 2 cs boots and shoes, 3417
M shingles, 86 Mft lumber, 38 M shakes. -..-.j= ■.-'<_:
Consignee*. ,'?-.'..
Per ■ North Bissinger A Co; Cal Glue
Works: Chas Nelson: Dunham, Carrigan A Co; G
W. Clark A Co; Cal and Japanese Trading Co;
Davis, Habcr A Co. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M Graton, 8 Jose Dr B F Simmons A w,Cal
T Cutter & w, Utah S H Mather, San Diego
Miss Cutter, Utah A Downieville, Sacto
S Jones &w, Utah , J L GUlls &w, Sacto
R M Hfggina, San Jose Dr J J Prister, Suisun
W W Hutton, Mo E X Cochran. Cal
R Brown, Petaluma J H Pond, Sacto '
•X L Webber, Napa Mrs E X Stevenot, Wash
Ft: Hazemann, Or Mrs (i Bennett, Salem -
Miss Hazemann, Or H .W. Biake, Los Aug
A Adams Aw, Or D Spencer. Stanford
C C Pickett, 111 T Seward A w, Holllster
J a Brown, Sacto FB Smith A f. sacto
,F R Dawson, Cal . M Besse, Santa Cruz
L E Norton A wf, Cal Mrs R Allen, Cal .'».'' '
C D Allen, Cal N N Brown, Tustln
"E A McCook, Los A J A Hatch, San Diego ■"■
W Maddox, Fulton A P Jeffo, Palo Alto
J W Bailey, Palo Alto G Yule. Wisconsin •
L L Chambt rlain, Cal ' Mrs D Davis, Los Angeles
Miss . avis, Los Angeles F Matteson, Santa Cruz
H Graetu <_ w, san Jose Miss F. A Grata- -an Jose
J F Burke, Folsom • JHBeuham, L «,n^elp«
iMrs F Teenier, Wis . '-.- Miss M Pinuky, Wis
E E Mills & wf. Ind E E Shierau, 8 Cruz
M Marks, Oroville I M Church, Amador
C P Sieini, Sutler Creek J X Davis, Plymouth
? Bagley, I _ De , £ S O'Rourke, Amador
J A Webster, Fresno F L Combs, Nana
J Wilson, Napa J McKee, Plncervilia .
D G Carr, PlaceryiUe . , ; _ \ 7 lue :
' PALACE HOTEL. •'-;;.
J G Hamilton, Minneap Miss E Harris, Denver
J Tiernan A w. Utah Mrs Buff A c, Phlladelph
Edwin Norton, Chicago H N Isaacs, London
Mrs X Con nell, Balt Lake II J Fowler A W.Superior
G A Powers, Portland CM Go-ding, Phila
Mrs H D Green, Portland M Morrison. Stanford
R J Neil, Portland W P Hall &w, Illinois
G Chapman, Washington J W Ealy, N _
W D To bey, Carson Miss Tobey, Carson
J G Hoeflich, Cincinnati D P Damoreaux. Wash
G E Howard. Stanford Mrs C H Buhl, Detroit
Miss Griggs, Detroit W E Buhl, Detroit
A H Buhl, Detroit J M Sheppard & w, Mass
Miss Sheppard, Mass Col and Mrsßax. England
S Despres, Cnica?o H X Brown A w, Carson
W J Mitchell A w, Cinn Miss M Mitchell, Cinn
B McDonell, Cinn - J_ Gavlord A w, Butte
J H Galey, Pittsburg J M Boss, Stanford Unl
A M Cat heart, Stanford U H D Sheldon, Stanford U
E J Cote <fe w, st Louis C Tbaeyelen, N V
Mrs Leach, Oakland .' P P Hume A vf, LGatos
Miss EM Hume, Oakland W M Dart. Oakland
H FPondexter, Stanford JG Hamilton, Stanford
RUSS HOUSE.
G Graham, Walla Walla M C Hoff, Seattle
H Valk & f, Chicago C Hoff, Seattle
F M Weger, Ukiah R Monroe, Seattle
A Annendaug, Mexico H Beauchamp, Cal
J Jore, Chicago C R Scott, Portland
W S Stone. Yreka C Cook, Truckee
W Efemita, Menlo L W Nagle, Santa Cruz
J Mead, Healdsburg J H Armstrong, Cal
T Peacock, San Rafael D Duncanson, Mariposa
J C Graham, Hollister C J Lee, Cal
c X Dam, Wheatland G Parkfield, Cal
W Taylor, lowa D Loomls, Bakersfleld
Mrs Stephens. Cloverdle J M Walling, Cal
J Favorn, Healdsburg F Koster, San Jose
J W Driscoll, Inyo J G Birchine, Inyo
R M Laird, Inyo J Oisen, Wash
W Carash, Oakland Mrs B Bourke, Mass
T D Clapp, Portland X Grimmer, San Diego
Mrs Nevl_s, Coronado Mrs M Cook, Boston
J O Rice, Mexico ' Miss S:anley, Ukiah
J M Engle, Mexico X B Gibson, Ukiah
J Warden, San Diego C Hay ward, Woodslde
E C Adams, Cal A Wheeler, Denver
J Brooks, Tacoma J Redman, Mariposa
J Rldgway, Mariposa F Clark, San Jose
Mrs Griffin, Los Angeles J Orr. Sonora
Mrs Wlllett.Los Angeles D T Bowman, Napa
Mrs F M Todd, Ukiah
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Frank Pantmlller, Or Chaa Lambert, Portland
M E Pendleton, Portland S F Fitzgerald, Portland
0 B Fitzgerald, Portland George \V Innes, Wis
H Ransdell, Portland George Hare, Or
G Butler Aw, Tacoma H McGillia, Wash
J Stills, Portland Miss Lucy Johns, 111
M C King A w, Idaho Mrs C Grab, Idaho
C E Newton, Los Banos F S Chrlsman, Mich
M M Briggs, Los Aug E I Miller, Pa'o Alto
Mrs W I Scott As, Or F' E Day, Portland
George Wood, 111 J M Baltimore, Mont
C C Baltimore, Mont G W Hunter, Portland
W Strahan, Portland X L Danason, Portland
J B Houston, Portland S M Whit more A w.Utah
J R Burns, Salt Lake A Ferguson, Chicago
J S Grant, Chicago G W Dewey, Portland
Miss Eva Mitzla, Or Miss Mary Day, Portland
W B Cody, Portland F F Sturtevant, Wash
J O'Brien. Ariz H H Ricbmond&w.Aubn
I Grutli, Wash X Kerr, Wash
C Lambert, or Mrs John Doe, Stockton
J Holsen A w, San Jose
LICK HOUSE.
G N Slrohl Aw, Napa S C Long, Hongkong
TMGren Aw, Paris W E Johnston, Nev City
E C Chesebro, Calistoga Wm Longmore, Sta Rosa
F E Pierc -, Benicia H odd, Oakland
Joe Merchant. Walla W Mrs Merchant, Walla W
Will Merchant, Walla W Mr. Gerlchten, San Diego
Miss A Gerichten, S Deo Miss R Ivers, San Diego
Mrs Lawrence, Alameda M F Brown, Marysville
H Ballard, Merced L L Jones, Mill Valley
Mrs Godsey A an, Col J E Pardee, Sulsunville
C E Emerson, Suisunvl Don Cottrell, Grass Val
J A Burdeson, Pt Reyes W Eastman, Los Angeles
G S Hinsdale, Sta Barb H L Cbeles, St Helena
T G Ellers, Sacramento A fc Miller, Sacramento
F E Baker, Sacramento G N Jordan, Los Angeles
A M James, Colorado J D Pierce, San Jose
M Johnson <_ w, Sacto H S Craig, Watsonvlllo
J B Beard, Santa Rosa
BALDWIN HOTEL
J T Murphy, San Jose T W Lesto, Oakland
MrsH Painenter.Wash E Levy, Chicago
C II lehi, NY W C Douglass, St Louie
J Dugan. Benicia W F Knapp, Denver
C F _ ilea Cape Town C P Stouffer. N V
F O Carmack, St . ouis A J Sewllle. N V
Mrs J Hall, Oakland C Moore, Vallejo
H Murphy, St Paul C Brannan, ft Paul
Mrs C Miller, Seattle C Mills, Seattle
T H Carson, Sacramento H Scott, Fresno
T Monroe, Selma Miss Watts, Los Angeles
T Motl, Seattle N C Roger., El Paso
J R Bell, New Jersey N Ziegler, New Jersey
C Martin, Albany . . O Hitler. Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Gerln, Great Falls J Riley, Great Falls
J C White, Oakland R Martin, Sausalito
L Leveroni, Jamestown J E Welman. Cincinnati
D Stahil, Cincinnati THWilliams&w, 8 Diego
W F Allen. s. S Diego MrsJ M Hubert.Colorado
Mrs A Smith, R Island OVeysej&w.t'rayHarbor
T J)onnellan,('rayHarbOTll Downing, Portland
F Clayton, Alam.da J Snooping. Illinois
I' Ino, Denmark
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tho following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
John J. Deegan and Veda B. Hull, 25—21.
John J. O'Brien and Eliza Mlskell, 22—20.
J. J.C. Leonard and Mildred H. Donohoe, 34—29.
Paolo Molflno and Louisa Molino. 36—18.
Blaize Norue and Augustine Sarret, 29—24. -
Peter F. Ramm and Mary A. Matson, 30—24.
Charles J. Knoblocn and Julia Orth, 39—85.
W. C. Mitchell and Rebecca Flschbeck. 21—20.
Antoni Barthelet and Lillie R. Jones, 47—31.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed:
N icolasa L. Voigt agalnt Robert Volgt.
Alimony proceedings:
Adele Hartman vs. Christel Hartman ; suit for
$100 a month filed.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
, [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons anthorizeJ
o have the same published.]
HORN.
BOYD— In this city, to the wife of Dr. &A. Boyd,
a daughter.
BOYD— In this city, April 7, 1896, to the wife of
William Boyd, a son. -.'•;;•%
CARROLL— In this city, April 22, 1896, to the
wife of John J. Carroll, twins.
DALY— In this city, April 24, 1896, to the wife of
Joseph William Daly, a daughter.
GALVIN- In this city. April 21, 1896, to the wife
of W. A. Galvin, a son.
JORGENSEN-In this city, April 16, 1896, to the
wife of Victor Jorgensen, a daugnter.
LEVINSON— In this city, April 23, 1896, to the
wife of S. Levinson, a son.
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 24, 1896, to the
wife of I. McCarthy, a son.
Mct'ALL— ln this city, April 15, 1896, to the wife
of E. C. McCall. a daughter.
MONDET-In this city, Anril 20, 1896, to the
wife of Julius F. Mondet, a son.
SHEEHAN— ApriI 8,1896, to the wifeof John
H. Sheeban, a son.
MARRIED.
TURNER— In this city. March 23, 1896,
by the Bey. G. J. Schultz, Albert F. Haufe of
Sonoma County and Nellie F. Turner of San
Francisco.
SLACK-COLEHOWER— In Austin. Tex., April
15. 1596. . by the Rev. Peter Lauth. Austin B.
Slack of Luling, Tex., and Mrs. Marie Louise
Colehower of San Francisco.
■. " . DIED.
Adams, Anita Kennedy, Edward
Andry. Victor Lord, Jennie
Bird, Fanny Mct'onalogue, Marie M.
Bresse, Louis C. McDonald, Daniel
Buneman, John H. M. . Monckton, Daniel
Collins, Rachel Mora, Ignacio Diss
.Conerty, Mrs. A. B. Muldoon, Mary
Delanpy. Daniel M. Mueller, Louise .
Dinsmore, Mary W. O'Brien, Elizabeth
Ellaser. Abraham Rhodes, Edward G.
Finnic, Mary E. Schiller, August
Fleming, James Smith. Freda R.
Gerst. Amelia L. Van Fossen, John C.
Gordan. Henry Vischer, Adelaide A.
Jacobson. Charles Watts, Josi»
Jeffress. Georgle E. Werner, Barbara^ .- :
ADAMS-In this city. April 25, 1896, Anita, be-
loved daughter of William and Maggie Adams
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 19
days. >.-•-'-
-#*f-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
? r. h^ r ,P ents ' '-88 Union street. Interment
1. O. O. b. Cemetery. ■
AN'DRY-In this city, April 27. 1896, Victor An-
dry, a native of France, aged 71 years.
B i«P«~V?_ t - „ , C i, t I y / nd County Hospital, April 25,
18.6, Fanny Bird, aged 40 years.
BRESSE— In Ensenada, Cal., Anril fes *Hfl«
£»£«■ 2 - e ««. * naU ™ of CaiTforniaTaged 35
th_^Ff Ie ? dsar , c respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
2 :30 o'clock p. m., at Notre Dame dcs VlctoirM
Church, Bush street, near Stockton. v * c - 01res
BUN EM AN— ln this city, April 23 T«h-
Henry Martin, beloved husband ol^ CatherlnS
Buneman, nnd father °' Albert Maud r_» S_l ™
and Ethel Buneman. a iv__f Hamburg Ger*.
m *gy. a « ,? 2 y<>ars 5 months and .^days*.
,*,_ G T Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (SundavN at
BS3^_S'* ! *S_S
< S__S___SSS»B
fovip-pt . ""eland, aged 66 years.
Mr, A r B~Co nP«5 ttle - Wash - April 17. 9«.
; no^ire^^ale^^ryS 0 ' CoUnty "»*
11 ? 5 , ana acquaintances are respect-
Sunday «.-?> at - te , nd , the ,one - a * THIS DAY
of the ao-™;. 2 >c . lock PM " *"»>•• the church
nSV.V. • ?"• Interment Masonic Cemetery.
M belovPd" X th X C '. tv ' A P ril 2 5. 1896. Daniel
tathM_7?f»h .i aba J-2._ of Hattie Delaney, and
cs h t e o r n 0 m „ abel ancl 62 7e a a r r- Delaney, * native °'
Boston. Mass.. aged 62 years.
I) w' S h 1 p?n ltT In , . lH " ,i ' A '' rll 25. 1890. Mary
of Mai ed , if ?„°- Samuel Dinsmore, a native
fit Maine, aged .; 3 ■*«• and 7 «»avs.
Filaiwr k , In _ lscI ty. April 24, 1893. Abraham
'_taSpAhif ,oT S? ,MUw of Mr A * Magner, Mrs.
X"- I ' T M «' Dannie Barnett. Mrs. Sara
K e .- d Baac. ,8aac n< * Samuel Ellaser of San
yea.".' "* eof Kral Austria, , aged 76
"fniiiri^i c . „ s . '■ n<, 'acquaintances are respect-
iS,iri , Tl " (1 to I.*-*-*1 .*-*-*- the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 10:45 o'clocs: a. m., from his late
residence, CIS*. McAllister street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11 :45 o'clock a.m.
train from Third and Townseno street. Please
omit flowers.
FINNIE— In this city. Anril 23, 1596. Mary Ellen,
wifeoi David H. Finnic, and daughter of An-
drew and Mary Scott of East Oakland, a native
of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 30 years 6 months
and 23 days.
- tig- Friends are respectfully Invited to attenl
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 12 o'clock
m., from the chapel ot Craig-Cochran Co., __
and 26 Mint avenue. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Remains at chapel of Craig-Cochran
Co., '_'-' and 26 Mint avenue.
FLEMING— this city, April 24. 1896. James,
husband of the late Mary Fleming, father of
Thomas Fleming, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Ann Roache, a native of Ballyhooly, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 68 years. [New York and
Chicago papers please copy. J
jt_tr~Friends and acquaintances are resDest-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock p. m.. from tlie par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GERST— In Oakland, April 23. 1896. Amelia L..
beloved wifeof Frank T. Gerst. and sister of
Harriet and Rebba Gilroy, aeed 33 years.
*3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m.. from Centennial
Presbyterian Church, Twen;v-fo nth avenue and
East Nineteenth street, East Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
GORDAN— In this city, April 25, 1896, Henry
Gcrdan, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
JACOBSON —In the City and County Hospital,
April 26, 1896, Charles Jacobson, aged 33 years.
JEFFRESS— In this city. April 23, 1896. Georgle
Ella, wife of Alexander M. Jeffress. a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years 3 months and 2
days.
AVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from Trinity M. E.
Church, corner Sixteenth and Market streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. April 24, 1896, Edward
Kennedy, beloved brother of Mrs. H. Daly, Mrs.
Douglas and John and Nicholas Kennedy, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
*_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the par-
lors of tho Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LORD— In this city, Anril 24, 1896, at her resi-
dence, 7 Elliot Park, Jennie Lord, beloved sister
of Mrs. A. Risley and Mrs. J. 8. Mitchell, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 44 years and 3
months.
JWThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 7 Elliot Park. Interment private.
McCONALOGUE— In this city, April 24,1896.
Marie Margaret, beloved daughter of Philip and
Maggie McConaloeue, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 27 days.
*SJ-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), .at 1 o'clock, p. _.. from 13 Garden
avenue, between Geary and Post streets, Devisa-
dero and Broderick. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city, April 24,1896, at hie
residence, 733'_ Minna street, Daniel, be*
loved husband of Ellen McDonald and brother of
John McDonald, Mrs. Sarah Chick, Mrs. Kate
Smith of San Jose and the late Mrs. George sur-
geson of Sacramento, a native of Kilru.h, County
Clare, Ireland, aged 47 years 8 months and 24
. days, a member of George H. Thomas Post No,
2, G.A. R. Weaverville (Trinity) Journal copy.
JKS" Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. P.. are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday}, at 8 o'olocc
a. it. at St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn
requiem mans will b- celebrated for the repose of
his soul, after which the remains will lie in state
at G. A. K. post rooms, 320 Post street, until 1
o'clock p. m., where services will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, O.
A. B. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages. I
MONCKTON— In this city. April 24. 1896, Daniel,
husband of Sarah M. Monckton, and father of
Mrs. L. a. B. Sawyer and Frank D. and Sheldon
P. Monckton. a native of Ohio, aged 66 years 4
months and 26 days,
OTFriends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday), at
2 o'clock p. if., at his late residence, 2311 Web-
ster street. Interment private.
MORA— In Mazatlan, Mexico. April 4,1896, Is*
nacio Diaz, beloved husband of the late Julia
Storch Diaz Mora, and father of Maria Mora,
a native of Durango, Mexico.
MUELLER— In Oakland, April 23, 1896, Louise,
beloved wife of Constantlne Mueller, and mother
of Mrs. Adelaide Murphy, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 82 years 5 months and 7 days.
S3" Friends ana acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunaay), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1804 Chestnut street, Oakland. Inter-
nment Mountain View Cemetery.
MULDOON— this city. April 24, 1896. Mary
Muldoon, beloved aunt of Mrs. J. McQueeny,
a native ot County Longford, Ireland, aged 62
years. - :,.
AS'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
("Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 147 Shipley street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— this city, April 25, 1896, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Edward O'Brien, and
mother of Lizzie. Edward and William O'Brien,
a native of . Belfast, Ireland, aged 60 years,
f Philadelphia papers please copy.] < •-• • -■■•
#3T Friends and acquaintances are rnioect>
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. _:., from ncr late resi-
dence, iff* Vanderwater street, between Powell
ana Mason, thence to St. Francis Church, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RHODES— In Oakland, April 23, 1896, Edward
G., dearly beloved husband of the late Bridget
Rhodes, and father of Mary L., Edward G. and
James H. Rhodes, a native of Lexington, Rock-
bridge County, Va., asjed 63 years 8 months and
10 days. [Lexington (Va.),"Napa and Vallejo
(Cal.) papers please copy.]
aE9~I-'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:39 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, - 1712 Pacific street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com.
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.. -. ■«•. -"
SCHILLER— In this city. April 23, 1896, August,
beloved husband of Karoline Schiller, and
brother-in-law of George and Sophie Braun and
Charles and • Freda Oldag, a native of Wurtem-
berg. Germany, aged 40 years.
fiSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1726 Ellis street, thence to Red Men's
Hall, 510 Hush street, where services will be
conducted under the auspices of Hermann
Stamm No. 224, U. O. R. M. Interment I O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April 23, 1898, Freda Rickey,
beloved wife of Daniel Smith, a native of Ger-
many, aged 24 years 7 months and 26 days.
CDrFrtends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from^ior late resi-
deuce, 201)0 Dupont street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
VAN FOSSEN-Tn Alameda, April 25, 1896,
John Creighton, infant son of John C. and Neva
P. Vau , Fossen, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 3 months.
VISCHER— In this city, April 26. 1896, Adelaide
Antoinette, beloved wife of Hubert Vischer,
a native of San Francisco.
WATTS— In the City and County Hospital, April
25, 1895. Josie Watts, aged 53 years.
WERNER— In East Oakland, April •_.*.. 1896, Bar-
bara, beloved wife of Aim*. Werner, and mother
of Richard. Clotilde. Theodore and Henry
-Werner, a native of Vienna, Austria, aged 41
years 9 months and 5 days.
U. A. O. D. — Officers and members of Norma
Grove No. 5. U. A. O. D., are hereby requested to
assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
TO-MORROW (Monday), at 1 :S0 o'clock r. _.
sharp, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, Lorenzo Semenza. Finss for non-at-
tendance. JAMES A. SHUTE, Noble Arch.
G. H. Bertram. Secretary.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. 27 and SI Fifth st.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS <fc EMB.UHER.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * K-CtAIJKBS.
_• Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
McM __omxt." Cras. _.cMnxpj_nY.
JAMES McMENOMET & SOX,
DSDKBTAKKKS AND EMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street. Near Seventh.
Telephone Wo. *P**.^^^^^^_-
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTOF.S,
19 Van Ness aye.. near Market St., Saa Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
Crowley's Maiden Speech.
"Did I tell you fellows how 1 cam* to
make my maiden speech?" asked Con-
pressman Crowley of Texas. "No? Well,
it was this way: A pang of newspaper fel-
lows was guying me as not making a
speech. 'Speechmaking's no sign of a
man's u.etulness in Congress,' says l;
•better men than mo are not making
speeches, but if you're bettin' that I can't
make a speech I'll just go you a ten.''
" -It goes,' &ays one of the gang. 'You're
afraid,' and he showed the long green.
" 'What's up in the House nowf
says I. •■-..."
" 'Cannon is fightin' an increase for a
lighthouse-keeper in your district,' says he.
".'l'll go right now,' says I. And in I
goes. Well, yon know what happened. I
told Cannon he didn't know as much about
keepin' lighthouses as a. porcupine does
about ascension day, and Cannon spread
himself all over me. If he'd known how I
come to jump on him I'll bet he'd laughed.
Then I goes out and the stakeholder bands
me the stuff. That's how it happened."—
Washington Post,THE DEBUT OF
CONSUL TUCKER.
Oakland's Welcome to the
Famous Female Sal
vationist. 
TALKS OF PATRIOTISM.
Members of the Army Know No
Ruler Except Ged and
the Redeemer.
ALL FLAGS TO THEM ALIKE.
A Touching Refeience Made to the
Rebellions Act of the Speaker's.
Brother.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. April __. ',
Consul Booth-Tucker made her debut to
an Oakland audience to-night at the Mills
Tabernacle. There was not so large a
crowd as was expected, but it was attrib
uted by Major Keppel to the fact that Mrs.
Booth-Tucker will hold three meetings to
morrow.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker was accompanied to
the platform by Major Keppel, Staff Cap
tain Thomas. Staff Captain Mclntyre,
Major Miien, Ensign Reid, Staff Captain
McFee and many officers from the San
Francisco and Oakland corps. .-.'
The large barn-like building was made
very presentable by the liberal use of
bunting and flags. The platform looked
very attractive and a lectern draped with
National colors was in the center. Major
Keppel introduced the Consul to the
audience in a few words, and then handed
over to her the conduct of the meeting.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker's approach to the
lecture was the signal for prolonged ap
plause, which was repeated . when the
Major called for a volley. The big drum
played a considerable part in the firing- of
the volley, and when quiet was restored
the Consul said :
"I have not been long in this country,
but I intend to be as good an American as
I know how. I made up my mind that I
would not delay coming out here any more
than possible, and I am here to-night and
am highly gratified at the welcome ac
corded me. 1 felt somewhat the parting
from my husband to take this long trip in
a strange country, but I have felt at home
since the day I landed in New York, and I
feel at home to-night."-^ v- -
Major Alice Lewis, private secretary to
Mrs. Booth-Tucker, spoke shortly about
her work among the soldiers and sailors,
and prison-gate work. She also sang very
sweetly "Oh, Wondrous Love."
Mrs. Booth-Tucker followed with her
address. "Daring the past few months,"
Bhe said, "we have had need of all the j
strength that we could draw from our
Divine Master. In my capacity as an of- j
ficial in London I have seeD all sides of
our great work. I have mingled with the '
great and the poor, the thoughtless and I
the earnest, and I have felt that to God
alone is due the praise so often accorded j
to the Salvation Army. We are merely j
his servants and have no will of our own. I
Sometimes lam asked, Will not this or
that calamity prove the downfall of the
Salvation Army I say, No. *If our God j
is at the helm it does not matter who is in I
the boat. We shall in his name overcome j
all the assaults of our enemies. No mat- I
ter who leads us here, no matter what dis- j
sensions may arise, we are still God : s army !
and not our own. Zx-_
"Wherever I have been in this country I
have been surprised at the welcome that I
have met with. One of the reasons why I
love the Salvation Army is for the work it
has done in this country. My husband
has been up to the City Hall and will be a
citizen as soon as possible, I may be con
ceited, but that, I believe, is an American
failing. I call my husband three-fourths
of our family union. Well, then, three
fourths of us has started in to be natur
alized and the other quarter will soon
follow.
"The Salvation Army makes universal
Jove. It matters not what country we may
be in. Sometimes we are told it is a mis
take for us not to stay in one country, but
this is not so. *
"Our standard is that which was raised
by Christ on Calvary. The army loves all
people. It is {national in its adaptation,
because its people adapt themselves to all
conditions. Salvationists must be ready
at a moment's notice to go anywhere. If
they are not they are not fulfilling their
high office. We are so mixed that it is
impossible after a few years to tell whether
we are Indian or Irish", English or Ameri
can. Hao any one pitied me in my In
dian hut I should have smiled. A man
need not be made a European before God
saves nim. Nationality cuts no figure .in
heaven and it cuts no figure in salvation.
"We are not wanting to Anglicize the
Salvation Army. It is not true. The Sal
vation Army agency is no more English
than it is Indian. In America it is an
American agency. It seeks the salvation
of the American people. We merely ask
to be your servants for Christ's sake. We
have 2000 officers in this country whose
only desire is to be your servants. Almost
the greater part have been brought up on
American soil, and the thousands of sol
diers who have been saved in this country
are Americans. There does not seem to
be much room for the fear that we are at
tempting to Anglicize the Salvation Army.
"That is another reason why I love if
We are not attempting to make an English
army or an American any more than we
are attempting to make an American an
Indian. Any man can become a Salva
tionist under the stars and stripes and fol
low the banner of the army, only, because
we are after everybody. We are riot pick
ing our recruits. We are serving God un
der the stars and stripes as zealously, as
earnestly and with as much honesty of
purpose as though any other flag waved
over our homes. We are an American
array in every sense of the word, and Sal
vationists are as loyal to their country as
any class of people to be found."
The following portion of Mrs. Booth-
Tucker's address was delivered with a
manifest effort, and while she was labor
ing under an emotion "that was almost
painful to the audience: , " .
"You will, of course, expect me to say
something about one thing. It is ex
tremely painful to me. Till it came upon
us our family had never been divided.
There are fourteen of us, with those we
have married, and there never was a break
till my brother severed his connection
with the army. We were taught from our
school life that the supreme pinnacle of
usefulness was to fill a place in the Salva
tion Army. * . . " X*"XX:
"Though frequently separated by miles
we have always remained a united family.
Since thin, great trouble first arose I can
assure you that ail that wisdom could dic
tate or love could conceive has been done
to bring about a reconciliation. Not an
unkind word has been uttered, but every
thing that we could do has been done to
heal the breach. I still believe and hope
and . pray that a reconciliation will , be
brought about and that my brother will j
return, nnd will be made still more useful
in the future than he has been in the past.' ,
Mrs. Booth-Tucker wiil conduct a holi
ness meeting at the Tabernacle to-morrow
morning and general meetings in the after
noon and evening.
DOINGS OF PYTHIANS.
Oakland Knight. Confer Several De
grees on Pilgrims— Social Events.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— At its Castle
Hall, Twelfth and Franklin streets, on the
evening of April 17, Oakland Lodge No.
103 elevated Page Davis to the Esquire
rank in its usual impressive 'manner, and
aided by its unparalleled team, using all
their latest innovations for illustrating the
lessons of \ the rank, raised to the Knight
rank Esquires Joseph Gil man and Davis.
As usual with the conventions of this
lodge the hall was thronged, and delega
tions from every sister lodge of the order
in Oakland and Alameda County were
among those assembled. Our brethren
in San Francisco were ably represented by
members of lvanhoe. Golden Gate, Bay
City, and the stalwart form of the chan
cellor commander of Mars, the United
States military lodge, loomed up conspicu
ously among them. 7: -'x7* xx.
The social feature connected with the
Oakland Lodge, known as Alameda Coun
cil No. 1, Order of the Grand Orient, which,
owing to the unavoidable amount of rank
work incumbent upon the lodge this term,
has been in abeyance for some time, was
revived again last Friday night after the
close of the lodge convention, when the
council was called to order by the grand
padishah, A. V. O'Neill, who with the
assistance of his efficient corps of officers
conferred this most impressive degree
on several pilgrims for Oriental honors.
Professor J.N. Bonham, the musical di
rector, arranged a special number for the
occasion, entitled the "Grand A. P.
March," the rendition of which by the
talented orchestra over which he wields
the baton being voted a pronounced suc
cess by the assembled princes.
Live Oak Lodge No. 17 at its last session
acted upon one application for reinstall
ment. This lodge is now drilling up a
team to confer the knight rank in ampli
fied form.
Captain W. H. H. Hussey of Piedmont
Lodge attended the annual encampment
of the Grand Army at Santa Cruz last
week.
The entertainment and social given by
Alameda Lodge No. 49 on last Friday
ni_ht proved a complete success from start
to finish. Delegations were present from
nearly every lodge in Oakland who, from
the cordial reception they met with ere
the festivities were ended, voted that the
members of Alameda Lodge No. 49 were a
set of jolly good fellows.
DEDICATING A CHURCH
The New First Presbyterian
Will Be Consecrated Next
Sunday.
St. Mark's Day Celebrated— One Body
From the Blairmore Re
covered.
BERKELEY, Cal., April Carpet
layers have given the finishing touches to
the new First Presbyterian Church, at the
corner of Allston way and Atherton street,
and th_ building will be dedicated on Sun
day, May 3. The Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton
of San Anselmo Theological Seminary and
the Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D., of San
Francisco will be among the speakers.
The new church has been in course of
construction for over six months, and is
one of the most beautiful structures in
Berkeley. The cost of the building was
about $20,000.
According to the present plans of the
trustees' of the church, the old building
will be used for a Sunday-school room.
Firemen -lay Unite.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25. — The
Peralta Fire Company of South Berkeley
has made a proposal tbat the various
organizations of firemen in the town unite
and elect a chief fireman for the whole of
Berkeley. The companies of volunteers
now in the town are wholly separate, and
it is thought that they will be in a posi
tion to do more efficient work in case of a
conflagration requiring the efforts of all
companies, if they have a common chief.
A meeting of the companies for the pur
pose of electing a head fireman will proba
bly be held in the near future.
St. Mark's Celebration.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— The mem
bers of St. Mark's Episcopal Church held a
celebration to-day in honor of St, Mark,
| after whom the church and parish were
! named. Special services were held in the
morning and afternoon, and this evening
there was a service, with music by the
new vested choir and sermon by the rec
tor. The latter has made a suggestion
that St. Mark's day be hereafter made a
day of soecial observance, and it will be
one of the great days of the year in the
future.
Lecture on Guatemala.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— Dr. Gus
j tav Eisen lectured last evening in the
I physics room, South Hall of the university,
I on "Ancient .and Modern Guatemala."
! The lecture was excellently illustrated
| with stereopticon views. Dr. Eisen has
[ made several trips to Central American
j states under the auspices of the California
Academy of Sciences, and his address con
tained much interesting information con
cerning the natural history, archeeology
and present conditions of Guatemala.
One Body Recovered.
BERKELEY, Cal., April John Ker
ber of West Berkeley discovered a corpse,
badly decomposed, on the beach at West
Berkeley early this morning. The remains
were taken to tbe morgue and have been
identified as those of one of the sailors of
the ill-fated Blairmore, which was lost in
the bay during a squall last week.
Leap Tear Party.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— A leap
year party was given last night in Ameri
can Hail by the young lady students of
the Berkeley High School. Miss Edna
Wyckoff was floor manacer, and Miss
Ruby Morse, Miss Stella West and Miss
Edith Huddart constituted the invitation
committee.
Music by the Blind.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— musi
cale was given Friday at the -State In
stitution for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind. Several selections were rendered
by Alfred Wilkie ano by Miss Gussie Mast,
; the blind soprano, and other pupils of the
institution.; xj. x -.-. 7'X77,
"Love for Love" Finances.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25. — The
proceeds of the two productions of "Love
for Love," to be divided between the
Athletic Association and the English de
partment library °* -*- c university, amount
to $20 40. y '
Nevada Visitors.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.- A num
ber of students from the University of
Nevada were among the visitors attracted
by the intercollegiate Stanford-Berkeley
field-day and debate, which took place
to-day.
Summer School.
BERKELEY, Cal., April .7 25.-Dr.
Alexander^ instructor in physics at the
State University, will conduct a summer
school in physics during the coming vaca
tion, from June 19 to August 1.
!_&__&___!_[ ■ * ■ * ' » ' ■ — '■
A Gypsy's Funeral.
An old , gypsy woman who died near
Slough in England asked to have her be
longings destroyed. Her son first shot and
buried her horse, then burned the van in
which she had lived, throwing the articles
into the flames. A bystander offered to buy
the liar ness, but the man refused to sell it at
any price, saying that he would be scorned
by ail the tribe. The old woman's little
grandson threw in a piece of bread she had
given him, saying,' "We shall never want
for bread any more." *. ' I •: .. --* . C\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
THE SHORT-HAIRS
CARRY THE DAY
Enthusiastic County Con
vention Held by the :
Populists.
DENISON FOR CHAIRMAN
The Younger Element Prove to
Have a Majority of the
Seats.
DELEGATES FOR SACRAMENTO.
They Will Not Go in Teams, but
Will Unwillingly Pay Fare to
a Corporation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 25. J"
As the result of a caucus the younger
element of the People's party seated their
Adna A. Denison, the New Populist Leader, Who Presided at Yesterday's County
- Convention.
( [From a photograph.]
candidate as chairman of to-day's county
convention. The effort that was originally
planned by the old-timers to maKe a fight
in behalf of Aaron A. Bretz as presiding
officer was abandoned, and Adna A.
Denison was elected unanimously to that
position. "..., _,•
A test of the strength of the two wings
was made when the election for a per
manent secretary took place. The younger
element, or "short-hairs," nominated W.
H. Chapman, and the "long-hairs" put up
Li. M. Frick, ex-messenger of the Police
Department. Chapman received fifty-two
votes and Frick forty-two, and they were
declared secretary and assistant, respec
tively. 777xT;
When Chairman Moore of the County
Committee called the convention there
was an almost complete attendance, and it
was the most enthusiastic Populist gather
ing yet held in Alameda County. In the
natural order of thinps, Mayor Davie
should have been the presiding officer, but
his Honor has not been in perfect har
mony with the County Committee for a
long time, and he was not seen at the con
vention. Commissioner Peirsol of the
Board of Works paid the hall a visit, but
took no active part in the proceedings.
The most noticeable feature of the con
vention was the sudden springing into
prominence of Adera A. Denison, who pre
sided. For several years he has been on
the outside edge of politics and occasio n
ally has made an active move, but it was
not supposed that his strength was suffi
cient to enable | him to become the recog
nized leader of his party.; Two years ago
he ran for Supervisor on the Populist
ticket and he has also served a term a s
library trustee, but he was elected to that
office rather by the Non-Partisans than by
the Populists. He is a newspaper reporter
and a prominent member of the Insti tute
of Applied Christianity. He will prob
ably make a strong fight to capture a
supervisorship next November.
: Chairman Denicon . made a very short
opening speech. He said: . "This is not a
time for words, but a time for action.
Little by little the People's party made
progress at. the first, but now it is going
ahead by rapid strides. The personnel of
this convention is evidence of the stability
of the party in this county. To continue
making progress we must work together
in harmony, and I trust that our delibera
tions will be characterized ! by a singleness
of purpose. The best of good-fell. wship
should prevail at our councils. We see on
all sides the old parties tottering to their
fall because of internal dissensions, and
we must see to if that we do not follow
suit.
Tire chairman named the following com
mittees: :':
Credentials— Gregory, J. M. Moore,
E. S. Broadwater Jr., W. R. Bat ten, A. Uoenisch,
J.C. Burner. - ,';.
On order of business— W. M. Brown, Dr. Al
len, W.J. Donovan, Ed Maguire, B. K.Lowe,
R. W. Good. *■• - ; '•-•->
Instead of having a long recess while the
committees .were preparing their reports
the chairman called E. M.-Wardell, chair
man of the - Populisi State • Central Com
mittee, to the platform, and the gentle
man told of the great progress made by
the party in the southern part of the State.
It was originally intended that the dele
gates should jgo: to Sacramento in teams
rather I than | patronize I a corporation," but
this -idea- has been abandoned, but the
speakers »•• will . make a few addresses en
route. The speaker said that the only is
sue to-day is the money question, and it is
absolutely necessary that the campaign be
conducted along these lines. "•
Tbe district conventions met and chose
their delegates, which were all ratified by
the convention. They are as follows: -
Forty-sixth District— W. Brown and J. D.
Austin, with W. Gregory and Charles Silman
as alternates. - ' ■''■-■ ■■ - ;■••.■■■, :.. ::
Forty-seventh District— M. J. Manson and
Green Majors alternates, E. A: Allen and Leo
Robinson.
Fort-eighth District— L. M. Frick and John
Hopkirk; alternate, G. W. Butner.
Forty-ninth district— F. T. Hale and Dr. J. U.
Oberg; alternate, I." V. Wheeler.
Fiftieth district— J. B. Randolph. J. McSwain;
alternate. B.K.Lowe. ■■■••"
Fifty-first district— T. Whiting, Dr. Childs;
alternates, M. L. Gray and J. L. Ford.
At large— A- Denison, E. M. Gibson, T. K.
Loewe, I. F. Ford, A. T. Dewey. .
R. E. Bush, Burdette- Cornell and J. M.
Moore were elected members of the State
Central Committee and are ex-officio dele
gates to the State Convention.
The following report of the committee
on resolutions was unanimously adopted:
The Peoples' Party Convention assembled at
Oakland this 25th day of April,' 1896, extend
greetings to our fellow-citizens of this State
and our Nation, ana with' consternation and
alarm point to the awfully depressed condi
tion of our common country and urge and
plead that one and all cast aside all prejudice
and partisanship and investigate impartially
the causes oi this state of things.
It is a . grim and ghastly . fact i and not a
theory that confronts us. We invoke the calm
deliberation of the citizens and patriots, and
bewail the blindness of the partisan.
Civic liberty and frredom can only continue
to live where the industrial and financial
freedom exists. The system that permitted a
single black slave maae it possible for four
million black slaves to struggle under galling
chains. A financial and • industrial system
that permits one single industrial and finan
cial slave has made it possible for 70,000,000
financial industrial slaves to exist in this for
mer land of the free.
The report -then demands direct legisla
tion and denounces the action of Congress
in demonetizing silver, and concludes:
i We therefore demand the free and unlimited
coinage of both gold and silver in oar mints at
the ratio of 16 to 1. without regard to the wish
or conspiracy of any other nation on earth.
We further indorse the Omaha platform in
an entirety.
We bitterly and unreservedly condemn
Huntington's Pacific Railroad funding steal,
and every other steal consummated or con
templated oy him, and we assert as our firm
conviction that there is .no other possible or
proper solution under heaven of tbe railroad
question except the Government operation
and control thereof.
:. -.:';•, - Green Majors,
J. C. Brown,
Robert hTUART,
' L. M. Fitch.
William Gregory,
T. T. Fuehstad.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
; . ' • ■ Short Chapters. ■■- ; 777 '-.
•Oakland Office San Francisco Call, >
; 908 Broadway, April 25. {
Charles McCleverty, while exercising a team
of colts this afternoon, was thrown out on
Peralta street and badly injured. ; ;_;-
Manuel Pastor,, the prisoner who escaped
from the town lock-up at Pleasanton February
20, is in jail again. He was found yesterday
in Centerville.
James Turner, arrested on six different
warrants for alleged embezzlement, was yester
day released on an order of Justice Clilt,
bail being g iven.
Mrs. Ann Callahan, a resident of this city for
thirty years, died Thursday night, aged 70
years. : The funeral was held from McCarthy's
parlors at 1:30 this afternoon.
The sale of the reserved seats in the grand
stand for the Fabiola fete on Mayday will
commence Monday: morning at 9 o'clock.
Seats will be reserved for 75 cents. .
Judge Greene has set Monday, the 25th day of
May, as the date for hearing the petlt'on of
Jane C. King, executrix of the will of Samael
B. King. She wishes to sell the real estate left
by her husband.
A tramp was struck by the Stockton train
near Livermore last evening, his jaw and left
arm being broken and scalp badly lacerated.
At last accounts he was still alive, but in a
dangerous condition.
Major E. A. Sherman will deliver a lecture
on Thursday evening before Council No. 2, A.
P. A., in Odd Fellows' Hall, East Oakland. An
open meeting of the council will be held and
all interested are invited. _••''■■'/
Judge Ogden and a jury yesterday reversed
the decision of the Justices' Court in the case
of Craver vs. Maristany. The transaction was
a dispute concerning $80 worth of furniture
and judgment was finally given for de
fendant.- »•
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment- in the Superior Court in favor of several
sub-contractors, laborers and material men in
lien suits against Joseph Macdonough lor
work done and material furnished in the con
struction of the Macdonough Theater.
T. Yamato, a Japanese who was convicted of
smuggling 47 dozen silk handkerchiefs into
the harbor of San Francisco, and sentenced
for one year, was taken to the County Jail last
evening, where Sheriff White will attend to
his wants lor the next twelve months.
. Joseph Stelder Jr. of Oakland and Angelina
A. Weeks of Massachusetts have petitioned for
the probate of the will of Cordelia M. Atchin
son, deceased. 'The estate is valued at $9000,
consisting of personal property and a half in
terest in a market business in San Francisco.
Next Monday night at 6 o'clock county taxes
will become delinquent. With a view to
avoiding the penalty for ' delinquency lines of
people hugged the cashier's desk in the Tax
Collector's office to-day. Up to last night there
remained $100,000 in county taxes to be gath
ered in. . :■■■ ■■-■■■: ■>;..--■-
Cut No i ijjiire With Him.
A once famous; Scotch Judge, the Lord
Justice Clerk; Hope, was extremely par
tial to eating; raw turnips, and when tak
ing country walks frequently strayed into
a turnip field for tbat purpose. Being one
day surprised by a farmer— iuto whose field
he had gone— in the act of eating a pur
loined turnip, he was somewhat rudely or
dered out. "Sir," said the Judge, with all
the dignity he could assume, and it was
not a little, "Do you know who I am? I
am the Lord Justice Clerk." : .*•'--;
"You may be onybody's clerk ye like,"
replied the farmer; "come oof. among mv
neaps" (turnips). ' ° *
Hats are said to have been first seen
about the year 1400,' at which time they
became of | use: for country wear, riding
etc. F. Daniel ; . relates t that when Charles
fl made his public entry into -. Rouen in
1449,' he had on a hat lined with red velvet
and . surmounted with a plum* or tuft of
feathers. -
NEW FEATURES ARRANGED
Oaklanders Will Figure in a
Grand Burro Race at the
Fabiola Fete.
STORES ASKED TO DECORATE.
Entries for the Floral Parade Insure a
More Gorgeous Procession Than
fe; That of Last Year. T
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 25. f
The Fabiola fete committee sent out re
quests to-day | to every merchant on the
leading thoroughfares asking' that they
make a concerted action to advertise the
May-day fiesta. .The request says
May day having been sat apart for a great
floral festival to be participated In by the citi
zens of Oakland and Alameda County and vis
iting friends, it has been suggested that an
attractive feature prior to the event would be
to decorate the show-windows of your place of
business with flowers— at least a bouquet or
two, or some other decoration suitable to the
occasion — day during the coming week.
Will you kindly follow the suggestion and
decorate your windows with a fresh bouquet
each day? - The ladies and this committee will
greatly appreciate your compliance with this
request
The latest attraction to be added to the
list which is already long and interesting
is a burro race by gentlemen well known
in Oakland and the interior of the county.
Owing to obvious reasons the entries for
this attraction will not close till the morn
ing of the fete. Mayor Davie, Edson
Adams, Major Howe, A. A. Bretz, W. H.
Friend Jr., Major Sherman and Frank
Leach have been invitee! to enter, and an
other batch of invitations will be sent out
on Monday. Last year this feature was
promised, but was eliminated at the last
moment. This will not be the case this
time and the committee promises a first
class race. . ;: v
The exhibition of the State University
track athletic team will be held imme
diately after the burro race. This wiil be
the last appearance of the athletes before
they leave on their Eastern tour.
.Richard Mansfield has been invited to
be one of the judges of the floral parade.
K. M. Welch, secretary of the racing
board of the League of American Wheel
men, has consented to be referee of the
bicycle races- The entries closed last night
and there will be over 100 competitors.
The wheelmen's festival will be com
menced on April 29 with a lantern parade
in charge of Captain Swain of the Acme
Wheelmen. There will be over ICOO wheel
men in line and three trophies will be the
prizes. -pTx^xx
The first will go to the club making the
best appearance in line, the second will be
given to the visiting club having the
largest number of riders in the parade and
the third prize to the Alameda County
club having the best turnout.
The grand stand, to accommodate 2500
reserved-ticket holders, was completed to
day, and another stand is being erected to
seat 2000 more. As soon as the rain ceases
work on the racetrack will be begun, and
the committee assures riders that it will
be in perfect shape for the races. Entries
for the floral parade closed to-night and
are greatly in excess of the number who
entered last year. .' ■ '
END OF THE CONFERENCE
Sheldon Kellogg; Delivers the
Closing Address Before the
'-_'.--' Unitarians.
Encinal Yacht Club Visits Tiburon.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper to
Visit Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 25.— After the
simple ordination service in th c Unitarian
church last night Mr. Sheldon G. Kellogg
delivered a short platform address. The
topic chosen was: "The Reason for the
Faith that. Is in Him." He claimed that
the underlying principles of a Unitarian
were a sincere belief in God, the triumph
of good over evil, and the immortality of
the soul. Hence superstition and fear had
no holding-ground in the mind, and no
discovery nor new law of science could be
made tbat would at any time weaken or
destroy the creed of a Unitarian. He was
always, and must ever be, a student of all
things in, above ' and around him. and
must keep himself abreast with the times
and his environment. In Unitarianism
character is above creeds, and the church
has always been the center of the enno
bling and refining influences that affect
civilized life.
. One of the results of this training and
schooling is shown by the fact that in all
movements for the good of the common
weal the Unitarian bas ever been in the
van. * Omit from American literature and
American tradition all that Unitarianism
has done and how different would tbe
American Nation be to-day. Such names
as Horace Mann, Daniel Webster, Doro
thea Yates and John Quincy Adams were
used to emphasize the contention. In
concluding Mr. Kellogg hazarded the
opinion that if the future of California
could be presaged from the progress in
I Unitarianism made in the last decade our
State would be a happy combination of
Greece with its learning and the constant
stern determination to do one's duty of
New England. >.
Unfortunately the Rev. Horatio Steb
bins was absent, and the meeting closed
with "Channing's Unity Hymn" and the
benediction, pronounced by Rev. C. W.
Wendte. .--..-"
7X 7^7% A. Runaway. -
ALAMEDA, Cal.; April 25.— J. L. Bor
den, the well-known secretary to the
water works, had an exciting quarter of an
hour this afternoon. He was driving a
high-tempered thoroughbred trotter in his
sulky when she I chose to take it into her
head to bolt. Mr. Borden threw himself
out at. the corner of Santa Clara avenue
and Park street, and landed all right. The
mare continued on her mad flight down
the avenue, running into a telephone pole
and two stationary .teams, t'll further on
she struck a wagon and smashed the sulky
into pieces and bruised herself consider
ably. ";.;-', '/'; -
Personal Items.
1 ALAMEDA, Cal., April 25.— two
parlors of, the N. S. G. W. send delegates
to-morrow to San Luis Obispo to the meet
ing of the Grand Parlor. J. H. Glas and
F. 0. Schuman will represent Alameda
Parlor and J. C. Bates and L. C. Phillips
Halycon Parlor. -
Rev. F. H. Maar of Niles will preach in
I the Congregational .' church to-morrow at
both services. '-; '■
'x It is publicly stated that T. G. Daniells,
editor of j the city official paper, will at
tend the State Republican Convention as
proxy for one of E. K. Taylor's nominees.
The Alameda Cyclers, under Captain
Dodd, have postponed the club run ar
ranged for to-morrow. 777x7
The Encinal Yacht Club will be repre
sented at the opening season of the Co
rinthian Yacht Club, Tiburon. '-This after
noon the El Sueno, under - Commodore
Leonard; Volante, under ■W. L. Pattiani,
Caprice, under Captain . Hanley, and the
Natalie, under N. T. James,' started out to
beat their way across the bay. ;
?^:' Mrs. Sarah xB. Cooper will .'■ deliver a
Auction Sales
1. H. BIRD, auctioneer.
Office and Warehouse, 311 Larkin St.,
Tine Dry Storage. .
WILL S_.L,_, MONDAY.
April 27, 1 1 a. it, the elegant furniture of private
residence, 1305 Golden Gate aye., magnificent
mantel mirrors, parlor, bedroom, dining-room and
kitchen furniture. Everything new and elegant.
Sale positive on account of immediate departure.
- L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
GRAM AUCTION SALE,
WEDNESDAY.
Magnificent Parlor and Chamber Furniture, Rich
Folding Beds, Carpets, elegant Dining-room
Furniture, etc., contained in 40 rooms, 703 Sut-
• ter St.. cor. Taylor.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
: .' '■' "■ ' "' •' • ■ . 19 Montgomery st.
"lecture tinder the auspices of the Political
Equality Club next Thursday evening in
the G. A. K. Hall.
JUDSON WORKS AFIRE.
Slight Damage Done by a Blaze With
a Mysterious Origin.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— Fire broke
out at the Judson Manufacturing Com
pany's works at Emeryville to-night at
5:30 o'clock. As the men had not yet all
left the premises streams of water were
soon turned on, and after an hour's work
the blaze was extinguished with a loss of
about $500, fully covered by insurance.
The fire started in the bridge works and
destroyed the roof and some patent fenc
ing stored there, and also damaged the
machinery slightly. No cause can- be as
signed for the blaze, as there had been no
fire where it started for a couple of days.
MYSTERY OF A MURDER.
Reason Why the- Case Against
Ghirardelli Was Dropped
Suddenly.
Much New Evidence Has Come to
Light . and an Arrest Is Ex
pected Soon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 25. j
Two months ago Felice Varni was found
on the hillside near San Leandro with
several charges of shot in him. He went
out hunting with a party of friends, they
all separated and went different ways, and
no one thought any more of Varni until
some one driving along the road found his
corpse riddled with shot. An examination
showed that at least four charges had been
shot at the murdered man, any one of
which might have proved fatal.
The Sheriff's office worked on the case,
and as a result of their 'labor three men
were arrested and charged with murder.
Yesterday they were discharged in the
Superior Court, as the prosecution did not
have sufficient evidence to warrant pro
ceeding with the case. This course was
decided upon not only because it was very
evident that Ghirardelli, the man on trial,
knew nothing about the murder, but
because the District Attorney's office is
working in another direction. "
The new clew tends to incriminate a man
residing within a short distance of where
Varni's dead body was found. The details
of the new evidence are being kept secret,
but enough has been told to make it plain
that before long another arrest will be
made. '--X;'; 7} >: -':>~7X-
A theory has also been advanced that
Varni was shot by Phil Crowley, the ban
dit, who mistook him for a deputy sheriff.
The footprints are said to be of the pecu
liar shape of the boots Crowley was
known to wear, and the cartridge-cases
found near the dead body were of the same
make as those stolen by Crowley from
Allen's gunslore at Haywards. As the
cartridges are of a brand used very com
monly, no importance is attached to the
story by the Sheriff's offlce. The case is as
much of a mystery as ever to the public,
but within a few days it is expected con
siderable light will be thrown on the hill
side tragedy.
WAS FROM BUTTE.
Identity of the Man *tVho Created the
Scene in the First Unitarian
Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— The man
who flourished a revolver and terrorized
the worshipers at the First Unitarian
Church last Sunday morning is Lee Roy
Pickering of Honcut, Butte County. To
day Chief of Police Lloyd received the fol
lowing letter from a Butte County officer:
"In a conversation with Mrs. H. B. Pick
ering to-day she told me a few facts con
cerning her son, Lee Roy, and seemed to
wish that, should the charge of disturbing
the peace be dismissed against him, he be
sent to an insane asylum, and, to use her
language, 'It would be better for him to
be sent to an insane asylum away from
home than for us to send* him, for, should
he ever come back, he could not blame us."
- "He left here with $15 in money and a
38-caliber Smith revolver. He said he
intended to buy some new clothes in Yuba
City. She says he wrote the letter which
appeared in the Chronicle, but did not
post it until he made up his mind to leave
here, and perhaps that accounts for it not
reaching its proper destination until last
Saturday night. His mother tried to get
him to let ncr read the letter, but his re
marks were : 'Mother, if I wanted you to
read it I would ask you.' He wrote four
or five letters before he could make up his
mind which one to send. He burned the
others up.
"I was talking to his brother to-day and
he thinks he may come to his right mind
and try to get out of the trouble some way
and escape going in for a few days, but his
parents are very anxious to have him put
in an asylum, where he will be treated
well."" ;;- -xxX7 ' : -tX*:x-x,- ■-.-••.•.• ~-i-.- v- •
EAT ENGINEERING.
Instance Wherein a Small Army of
Them Succeeded. : :'.V'-' -
A curious case of rat engineering oc
curred some years ago in Brussels, show
ing great ingenuity and calculation on the
part of the rodents as well as their system
of discipline. ' ; , 7
A new meat market had been built on
the Place street quay, and, though it was
surrounded ;by water, the butchers, who
did not appreciate rats, laid their plans
to exclude the whole tribe and nation, and
in case t ey should reach the stands they
resolved to head off their march by mak
ing the posts 4 in : their stalls unscalable
by rats. This they effected by covering
the posts with zinc, and the butchers, look
ing •at the shining surface o! metal,
chuckled at their victory.
- But ■; they reckoned without their host.
The rats got the meat. A watchman
posted in the market called a butcher who
came early on the scene, to witness the
method. <On a stall hung two quarters of
beef and a leg of mutton. ;: The rats spied
them, and found them unapproachable, j A
general call | for \ the ; nation ;at | large was
evidently sounded, as the rats I came dock
ing in, and an old rat seemed to take com
mand. . ,'■-'■ ';■;'.-■;■ ' X--i_.<--' i "x:7- :■'.";. -■ '7
There were enough projections ; and ine
qualities to enable them to reach the table
of the stand; but how to scale the zinc
covered joists was the task for the engineer
J. C. MLTfIER. AUCTIONEER,
.'--.-^T^J 1,1, SEM *" TO-MORROW,
oh.?- D ,*„y\ April -? 7 \ 1898 - --ommencing at 2 p. if.,
sharp tho .New ?_* Kitchen Restaurant at 737
Market si., bet. Third and Fourth. » This is one of
l/-i «?£.._ *t Dd mOBt rom 1 -'-e restaurants on the
Pacific Coast, and must be sold on account of other
business. I his place has . been fitted up at an ex-
pense of $12,000, and the fixtures Include 100 bevel
p ate mirrors, 30 solid oak tables, 110 oak Vienna
chairs, 200 yds. of inlaid linoleum, *'egant oak
counters, and all the fixtures necessary in a flrst-
class dlmng-parlor; 2 French ranges, 1 steam heater
and broiler, with urns and all kinds of kitchen
utensils; a baker's oven that was built at the cost
of*&Jo. This place has done a thriving and suc-
cessful business for over 4 years. Don't miss this
opportunity of buying a first-class establishment at
at an astonishingly low price.
-- J.C. MUTHER. Auctioneer.
corps to decide. Their plan was soon
formed. The rat army moved up in solid
mass, the stout fellow in front. On these
climbed smaller and smaller specimens,
till a little rat-mountain rose.
Then some of the rats, who evidently be
longed to some . rat-circus or athletic so
ciety, climbed to the summit, and one
raised himself on bis hind legs, resting his
forelegs against the zinc; then another
climbed up his back, and, taking post on
his shoulder, assumed the same attitude;
rat after rat ascended the Jacob's ladder,
till at last one reached the crossbeam and
scampered along it. A whole regiment
followed and the meat was attacked, tbe
engineers evidently aiming to drop down
what they could 'for the benefit of the
army.
The lookers-on, however, were not dis
posed to let them go too far, and with all
their engineering skill the rat army had
to leave the field. The whole operation
showed a remarkable degree of calculation,
a system of discipline and a ready carry
inc out of plans, which seems impossible
without language as a means of imparting
the directions and wishes of the com
mander.
TO MAKE A GOOD KITE.
FracticHl Directions by. an Expert for
the Benefit of Boys.
j The Board of Park Commissioners, in
instituting a day at Genessee Valley Park
to be known as "Kite-flying day," has evi
dently made itself solid with the small
boys of Rochester, if the statements of
several fathers are to be credited. One
father of several sturdy youngsters re
marked, yesterday, that it required a lot
of moral suasion and the promise of sev
eral pennies to purchase kite cord, to keep
his juniors from beginning the construc
tion of . their kites instead of attending
Sunday-school, and one anxious mother
was heard to remark that she had already
been compelled to promise her boy a jack
knife with which to manufacture his flier.
"The boys have always been discouraged
in such innocent pleasure as kite-flying,
because of the many trees and fear of being
'shagged' by a 'copper,' _! said one man who
takes an unusual interest in the young ras
cals yesterday. "Supposing they don't
make one the first time that will sail out of
sight, they will learn something about the
importance of symmetry and, while they
are whittling and pasting and littering the
floor, they won't be in some mischief. If
there is any man in this city that would
growl because his boy wants a few pennies
with which to buy" the necessary mate
rials, he had ought to be ducked in the
river until the water softens his heart."
It is the intention of the committee hav
ing the plan in charge to keep the boys
posted by announcement in the public
schools, and every boy who wants to fly a
kite, whether it is made of silk or brown
paper, will be given bis chance to fly it in
the park on the day to be decided upon.
For the benefit of the boys who have
tried in vain to get their kite to "raise"
when there was a wind that seemingly
ought to "tavte her out of sight," the fol
lowing pointers from an expert kite-flier
are given :
Says he : "There is only one way to learn
the practical art of kite-flying, and that is
to begin and do the thing yourself, with
many mishaps and disappointments at the
outset. To send up a kite in a very light
wind, reel out 200 yards or so of cord in a
convenient open space, leaving kite and
cord on the ground until ready to start.
Then, by taking the cord at the extreme
distance from the kite, begin to run with
it, and so get the kite quickly into the up
per air currents, which are always stirring
more than those at the surface. It is some
times necessary to run for a considerable
distance before the kite reaches a sustain
ing current; but a real kite enthusiast will
not mind taking trouble: indeed, he had
better abandon the whole business if he
does. It is worth noting that a kite may
be kept up indefinitely, as long as the
flier is willing to run with the cord at the
rate of about five miles an hour.
"There should be two strings, never
more, fastened to the upright stick at its
lower end, and at the point of crossing,
the upper length being about one-third of
the lower one, and the two being adjusted
so that, when taut, the kite makes an
angle about 20 degrees with the ground,
which means that, if the kite goes up
almost straight overhead, the string makes
an angle of about 70 degrees with the
ground."
In the building of kites the same author
ity says: "It is much better for amateurs
to begin with a kite designed to fly in
strong winds, as it is a long and delicate
task to manage the variety with extra wide
cross-stick, meant for ascension in calms.
The two stiCKs which form the skeleton
should be of equal length, say 6 fee*, and
should cross each other at right ancles at
a point on tbe upright stick 18 per cent of
its length below the top. This point of
crossing is of great importance. In a6
foot kite the two sticks, equal in length,
should cross at about 13 inches from the
top of the upright stick, and the same pro
portion should be observed for kites of
other dimensions.
"At the point of crossing the sticks
should be lightly notched and strongly
bound together with twine tied in, knots.
Driving a nail or screw through the sticks,
to bind them, weakens the frame at the
point of ' greatest strain. The two sticks
having been fastened firmly together, the
kite will present a convex or bulging sur
face to the wind. It might be imagined
that concave surface to the wind would be
better, but it has invariably proved that,
with a concave surface, the kite receives
too much of the breeze and becomes quite
uncontrollable. The amount of spring that
must be given the cross piece is in propor
tion to its length; the rule being to spring
the cross-stick by means of a cord joining
the two ends like a bow, until the perpen
dicular between the point of juncture of
the two sticks and the center of the cord
is equal to one-tenth of the length of the
cross-stick. ' ,_[
"It is of the first importance to keep the
two halves of the kite on the right and left
of the upright stick- perfectly symmetrical.
It often happens in bending the cross-stick
that owing to the differences in the fiber
and elasticity of the wood one side bends
more than the other, with the result that
the two halves present different curves and
consequently unequal wind areas.' To off
set this difficulty and to strengthen the
skeleton, it is best .to aid a bracing-stick
at the back of the cross-stick, a piece about
a fourth the length of the cross-stick itself
and of the same . width and thickness.
If the two halves of the kite are already
quite symmetrical, place the bracing stick
with its center directly even with the point
of juncture of the two large sticks, its ends
being fastened with twine on the cross
stick, about nine inches on . either side of
the crossing point. But if one-half of the
cross-stick shows a greater bend than the
other, place the longer -arm of the bracing'
piece toward the side that bends the most,
thus presenting a greater leverage against
the wind on that side than on the other,
and so equalizing things." -
I t is v hardly necessary to suggest that
boys and other beginners will not and
could not deal with kites in this elaborate
and ,; scientific fashion. * Most boys have,
however,' a father or uncle who will delight
to make them ■ such a kite as he ; used to
fly, ; and .to i buy . the twine.— Rochester
Democrat and Chronicle.
1516
BABY BROWNING
WAS MURDERED
John T. Flynn Is Held
Responsible by a Coro
ner's Jury.
MUST NOW STAND TRIAL
Testimony of the Chief Wit
nesses Conflicts on Many
Points.
DR. O'DONNELL IS ACCUSED.
Mrs. Browning Swears That The
Attending Physician Performed
a Criminal Operation.
The stories told under oath by the chief
witnesses in the Browning- Flynn baby
tragedy at the inquisition before Coroner
Hawkins yesterday were in a great mea
sure conflicting. A large number of per
sons testified on both sides and George
Knight, who has been chosen to defend
Flynn, allowed his client to go on the
stand. Flynn told a straightforward story,
but the evidence of the opposition was
strong and the . jury held the accused to
answer the charge of murder. There was
a large attendance at the inquiry and the
proceedings aroused widespread interest.
John Smith of 111 Jessie street, the boy
who found the valise containing the baby,
was the first witness examined. He said:
My mother sent me on an errand to Tenth
and Market streets, and on returning home, I
went through the lot, and seeing a valise, I
picked it up, and striking it on the bottom, I
heard a cry. Opening the valise, I found the
baby. I took it to the police station, and the
officer told me to take it to the hospital, which
I did.
Dr. John M. Quigley of 44 Sixth, testi
fied to attending Mrs. Browning on the
evening of April 13 and delivering her of a
male child. Said he:
On the night of April 13, a gentleman called
on me and asked me to visit a lady at 103*_
Ninth street, saying that she was ill with a
cold and had a little fever. He gave me his
card and said he would pay the bill. On going
to the house, I saw that the woman was about
to be confined. 1 delivered her of a child, and
the next morning when I called the woman's
sister, Mrs. Shane, told me that the child had
been taken to a foundling hospital. Flynn was
the man who called on me and left his card.
1 saw the child as It lay in a bureau drawer.
The drawer was partly closed. It was wrapped
in a blanket. The child was prematurely
born. With good care it might have lived.
Later Mrs. Browni ng told me that Flynn had
taken the child away. She said that Jones was
the father of the child, and the Jones referred
to was the same man who called on me.
Mrs. Browning was the next witness.
She testified as follows:
I don't know where my hustand is. He left
me five years ago. I believe he is living. On
Monday evening week at 7:30 I gave my boy a
note to take to Mr. Flynn. He came to the
house and on coming to my room he suggested
1 should send for Dr. Farnum. I objected and
he went out saying he would send a physician.
Later the doctor came and my sister also
arrived. I had sent for her. . '.-.i-
Later that same night Flynn called again.
He asked me where the baby was. I said it was
in a bureau drawer. He picked it up and took
It away. That was the last I saw of him or the
child. I was willing to have the child taken
to the Foundling Asylum. I have known
Flynn about a year. He was the father of my
child. I went to Dr. C. C. O'Donnell about
two months ago and asked to have a criminal
operation performed. I paid him $25, though
he said it should have been $33. He gave me
two capsules. There was no one present when
I paid the doctor the money. Flynn gave me
the money.
Flynn told me that there would be no trouble
about my going to Dr. O'Donnell.
The Coroner— a mother, did yon realize
the full significance of that step— that it was
murder?
The witness— No, sir; I did not.
The Coroner— you not know that it
would be taking a life?
The witness— No, sir. I thought the medicine
Dr. O'Donnell gave me would remove all life.
The Coroner— Why did you object to having
a physician called in when you felt the pains?
The witness— Because the doctor told ' me
eveiy thing was all right.
The Coroner— Why did you send for Flynn
on the evening of April 13?
The witness— Well, I wanted to see him, as I
felt sick. I did not know at the time I was
going to give birth to a child.
Dr. Fitzgibbons of the Receiving Hospi
tal testified to the body having been
brought to the hospital on the morning of
April 14. It was wrapped in a newspaper
and a towel and placed in a valise. There
were bruises on the right hip and the left
heel of the child. Dr. Barrett, who made
the autopsy. Deputy Coroner McCormick,
who had the body removed from Mount
St. Joseph's to the Morgue, Edward Kelly,
the undertaker who buried the remains,
all testified as to their connection with the
case.
Dr. E. A. Bohn of 114 Turk street said
that he was called in to attend Mrs.
Browning on April 13. The son and
daughter of Mrs. Browning called and told
him that Mrs. Shane had. sent for him to
attend Mrs. Browning, as she had a pain
in her side. Mrs. Shane met him at the
house and told him the child had been
born prematurely. "She said she was sorry
that I had been sent for, but would see
that I was paid for my services," said Dr.
Bohn. / ! 77.'77
I met Mrs. Shane again on Wednesday on
Mission street. She said: "I telephohed for
you, didn't I, doctor?" I said, "No you did
not; you sent the children for me." She
then said:
"Well, I was before the detectives and told
them so. Can't you say the same V
I replied that I had already told the Coroner
everything. Mrs. Shane told me they couldn't
do anything to her as she only wrapped: the
baby up and put it in the bureau drawer, and
that they could not prove that she murdered
the baby.
Mrs. Shane testified that her husband
was a saloon man. She said she was a
sister of Mrs. Browning. She did not
know that Mrs. Browning was about to be
confined, though. She had seen her every,
day for the past month. Continuing she
said: . . , x 7x7\x?. x7 7;77
I did not send for Dr.' Bohm. I saw him
when he came to the house, and told him it
was a shame that he had been called out and
I would see that he was paid for his trouble.'
She denied. Dr. Bohm's story about the
telephone message absolutely. > She swore
that she did not know Flynn, though
she called at her sister's house one day and
was; introduced to; a Mr. Jones, who she
afterwards heard was Flynn.
.'. Flynn stood up and the witness said she
did not remember ever seeing him before.
She said: . • ; ' 77[.&'77'[7jx
Flynn did not accompany me to my bouse on
the night of April 13. I put the child in the
drawer so that the children would not hear it
cry. It had not been washed.' I intended do
ing sO after my return from my house. When
I returned the child was j gone. My sister told
me that a gentleman had taken it to an asylum.
Later my sister told me that Flynn .was the
father of the child. Tessie did not know any
thing about the birth of the child. She went
witn me to my home for an article that was
needed. She was sitting in the next room at
the time of the birth. XX
Tessie Browning, a pretty; girl with
golden hair, said she had been introduced
to Flynn, whom she had known for about
nine months. She said:
1 went after Dr. Bohm and told him that my
mother had severe pains. I did not know that
a child had been born in the house. I did not
go out for a walk with Flynn on the night of -
April 13, but went with my aunt to her house
for an article.
Charley Benjamin of 130"_ Ninth street
testified that he used to see Flynn come to
his house to visit Mrs. Browning. There
were two men at the house on the night
the boy was born. One was Flynn. The
Other was a short man with a black
mustache. He opened the door for a man
on the night of April 13. Mrs. Benjamin,
keeper of the lodging-house, testified to
the effect that she sent her boy to open the
door in response to the ringing of the bell
and was told that he had let a man in.
Mrs. Browning had lived at her house for
three months. She did not know that a
child had been born . at her house on the
night of April 13. ..
W. G. C. Pitt, for whom Flynn worked,
paid the latter money for his services from
time to time amounting in all to about
$60. He did not give Flynn money to pay
Dr. O'Donnell for getting a woman out of
trouble, though Detectives Gibson and
Riordan swore that he (Pitt) had told
them that be did.
J. P. Tighe, with whom Flynn occa-
John T. Flynn, Who Was Yesterday. Found Guilty of Murder by a Coroner's Jury, Telling His Story
on the Witness-Stand.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
sionally roomed at Ninth and Mission
streets, said that Flynn called on him at
about 10:30 o'clock on the night of April
13, and that later both went out and had a
drink in a saloon near by. Flynn had
told him of having a sick friend, and that
he was going to get a prescription filled.
After having the drink they walked down
Ninth street, and Flynn went into a house,
saying he would probably be back in a
little while. This was about 1 o'clock.
At 1:15 Flynn came out with a young
lady. He could not identify Miss Brown
ing as Flynn's companion. They went
down Ninth street and disappeared , en
tirely. While walking back and forth on
the sidewalk another woman passed along
Ninth street and turned into Mission.
Then he went home.
Coroner Hawkins then asked Mr. Knight
if he wanted to put his client on the wit
ness-stand, and the attorney said that
while it was an unheard of proceeding to
put a man charged with murder on the
witness-stand in a Coroner's inquiry, yet
if, the rules of evidence were followed he
was perfectly willing to have Flynn tell
his story, as he had but one story to tell
and he did not care how often it was told,
as it was the truth. Flynn then took the
stand. He spoke in a fluent manner,
showing himself to be a man of experience
and education. His testimony was as
follows: ''.',,'," , .».. i .
My name is John T. Flynn. I live at the City
Prison just now. My occupation is that of a
real estate operator. On the evening of April
13 I received a note from Mrs. Browning, re
questing me to call at her house. It was only
a few lines. I had formerly lived at 51 Third
street. At about 8 o'clock on the evening in
question I sent my boy up there to get any
letters that might have come for me. This
note from Mrs. Browning was among the letters
he brought me. That evening I called on Mrs.
Browning at 130J_ Ninth street.
Mrs. Benjamin's boy admitted me to the
house. I went to Mrs. Browning's room and
found her in bed. The girl was present at the
time. The children were usually in the room
at the time I visited Mrs. Browning. I asked
Mrs. Browning what was the matter and she
said she had a pain in her side. I placed my
hand on her forehead and saw indications of
fever.
I went out and got some lemons and
oranges, and the girl made Mrs. Browning a
lemonade, but she could not drink it.
I insisted on calling in a physician, but Mrs.
Browning told me not to do so. I thought at
the time that the reason why she hesitated
was because she had no money to pay the
physician. I told her that 1 1 had money and
that 1 would attend -to ( that. So I left the
house and went down the street with | the in
tention of calling on the first reputable phy
sician in whose office I saw a light. I called
on Dr. Quigley and arranged with him to go
and see Mrs. Browning. I left him a card on
which I wrote my name.' ; The card also had
the name of Mr. Pitt on it. , Then I called on
Tigh at his room. We went and had a drink
together and 1 I went back to the house to see
Mrs. Browning. Mrs. Shane would not admit
me to Mrs. Browning's room as the doctor was
there at the time. She said that she thought
Mrs. Browning . was 'suffering from appen
dicitis. . ■, V-.V,V; ■-■ '- : " ;;
Mrs. Shane asked me to take Tessie for a
walk, as she was nervous because she heard
her mother, screaming. I said it -was rather
late to take a walk, but thought if the girl was
nervous the walk would do her good. So we
went down Ninth street to Harrison and out
Harrison to Tenth,: along Tenth to Market,
down Market to Ninth and along Ninth to the
house again. .The girl "passed ncr mother's
room to the front room? as we entered the
house.'- Mrs. Shane asked me. to go to her
house with her tor an errand.', We walked up
Ninth street to Market and then to Larkin,
between Ellis and Eddy. 4We went up two
flights of stairs to her rooms,' which were on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
the third floor, in the corner of the building,
overlooking Larkin street. 1 1 sat in the parlor
while Mrs. Shane talked to her husband in an
adjoining room. They spoke in a low tone.
Mrs. Shane brought me a drink. Then we re
turned to Mrs. Browning's room. There was
nothing to indicate that a child had been born.
It was about 2:30 or 3:30 a. m., I don't re
member which, when I left Mrs. Browning's
room | and went to the Winchester : House,
where my boy was living. I paid 50 cents for j
a room. ~f ' v ; " :
On cross-examination the witness said:
I had never been at Mrs. Shane's house be
fore that night. I knew nothing of the child's
birth, and did not say I would have it removed
to a foundling hospital. Mrs. Browning had
told me atone time that she had an internal
trouble. I advised her to go to the free clinic,
as I knew it to be under the direction of repu
table physicians. I j never had any conversa
tion with her about Dr. O'Donnell, and have
never before seen the valise now submitted.in
evidence.
I wish to say that I lived once at Mrs. Gold,
stone's house at 51 Third street. I owed her
$2 when I left her house for room rent and she
retained my valises. | On the evening of the
13th of April : I took | the valises to a pawn
broker on Third street and got $3 on them,
and $2 of this money I gave to Mrs. Goldstone.
The pawnbroker still has my valises. ' I rec
ognize Tessie . Browning as the young lady
whom I took for a walk on the night in ques
tion.
I first met Mrs.'Browning on Mission street.
I was having some cards printed in a printing
office, when she came in, and said she had
made a mistake, and added: "Excuse me, 1
live in the next house." I gave her one of my
cards. She said that she was downtown look
ing for work as a milliner; that she had two
children to support, and had a hard time to get
along. • My sympathies were immediately
aroused, and I took an interest in the woman.
Mrs. Browning was recalled, and in an
swer to questions of Dr. Hawkins said: .
I first met Flynn on Mission street. He asked
me if I came from Portland, saying that he
thought he met me there. I told him that I
never lived in Portland. , I went to dinner
with Flynn that same evening. I had no
formal introduction to him. I gave the name
of Harry Weldon to Dr. Quigley as the father
of the child to conceal the birth from the
children, and my own name as Prescott. I was
willing to publish these names to show that
the child was born out of wedlock. They
were the first names that suggested themselves
to me. ''*-■* '%--<*:. .- *. * -, . - *. . ■
Mrs. Shane and Miss Tessie Browning
were recalled and denied the story of
Flynn in every detail in so far as applied
to themselves. The jury then retired, and
after fifteen minutes' deliberation returned
the following verdict:
That Baby Browning, a male child found
inclosed in a valise in a vacant lot on Twelfth
street, near Market, on April 14, 1896, came
to his death on April i at the Mount Saint
Joseph's Orphan Asylum, from inanition.
And we further find that Baby Browning came
to his death from exposure caused by John T.
Flynn, and we further charge said John T.
Flynn with murder. ' W. K. Rodgers (foreman),
J. P. Cassidy, E. Wuhrman. H. E. Blossom, J.
McQuarrie, H. Loebner, George W. Ferris, A
Martinelli. • ; : ;; 7 ; -.* -" *: "X'^7 ~7xx
Flynn was taken back to his cell, in the
City Prison to await his preliminary ex
amination in the Police Court.
WHY SHE BAN AWAY.
Pretty Lulu Marquanlt of Benicia Says
She Left Home Because Her Mother <
Beat Her.
Lulu Marquardt, the girl who ran away,
from her home in Benicia about three
months ago, was found by Detective An
thony and ; Policeman Lynch yesterday
morning, and taken to the City Prison.
Lulu is a very pretty girl, 16 years of
age. She was working as a nurse-girl with
Mrs. J. R. Johnston, who keeps a lodging
house at 328 Third street.
"I don't want to go back home," she
said, as the tears ran down her cheeks. "I
left about three months ago because I
could not bear the cruel treatment of my
mother and brothers. The marks of the
last beating I got. from my mother can be
seen on my back yet. She beat me with a
stick. When father and she Quarreled,
she always turned her wrath upon me.
•'I am the only girl and have four
brothers. Three of them are younger
than I. They all used to beat me, be
cause they saw mother doing it so often.
I don't want to go back, as I was comfort
able and happy with Mrs. Johnston, and I
am afraid of my mother.'' :
General McComb, of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty, to Children, is at
tending to Lulu's case, and will make full
inquiries about her . treatment by her
mother before she is sent back to Benicia.
The Sutro Baths Program m
Colonel Robinson has arranged the follow
ing attractive programme for the visitors : to
Sutro Baths to-day: Tricks by; Hiro of the
Royal Yeddo* Company, tumbling by Hiro and
Noe, clown act in water by Aone, direct from
London ; tricks and tumbling by -Yeddo Com
pany, 50-yard race for members of the Pacific
Swimming? Club, 50-yard race, : open to all
under 18 years; 100-yard race for members of
the Pacific Swimming Club. March, Hustak;
overture, "Bronze Horse" (Auber);: selection,
"Recollection of ' the War' (Beyer); waltz,
"Chinese Lantern"; gavotte, "Loving Hearts";
march, I "Semper ; Fidelis"; selection, "Robin
Hood" (De-Coven); 1 solo for cornet, selected;
waltz, "My Dream" (Waldteufel) ; galop,
"Petersburg Sleighride."
An Aeed Father's Wish.
- Chief Crowley received - f a': letter, yesterday
from Miss J. E. Umbricht, , 3002; Park avenue,
St. Louis, Mo., asking for information concern
ing her brother William Umbricht, known as
"Billy Bright.?. He left home seventeen years
ago arid is supposed to have come to, this City.
He will, be now 33 years of see. : His aged
father wants to see him before he dies •
THIS BABY HAD LIVED.
Who Left the Murdered Little
One in St. Francis
Church?
AWFUL DETAILS OF THE CRIME
An Inquest Will Ba Held as Soon as
the Detectives Possess Any
Evidence.
Now that the.murderer or murderers of
Baby Browning seem in a fair way ..to be
j brought within the j urisdiction of the courts
of justice, another case has cropped up that
is likely to bring into play the best ener
gies of the police. It is the identity of the
person or persons who are responsible for
the death of the infant that was wrapped .
in a newspaper and left in one of the pews
of St. Francis Church Friday evening, be
tween the hours of 7 and 8 o'clock. Aside
from the deep mystery in which the affair
is enshrouded, the time and place selected
ior the disposal of the child's body lend a
grewsomeness \ of aspect to the crime that
is awful to contemplate. ■
I A church is supposed to be the last place
where a criminal would endeavor to rid
i himself of the evidence of his guilt. In
! addition the worshipers were at their
i prayers and the body of the brutally mur.
dered infant must have been deposited on
the floor of the pew while the prayers of
the worshipers were echoing in the ears of
the criminal.
The morgue authorities turned the af
fair in toto over to the police to-day, and
Captain Lees has had some of the best
men of the force . hard at work on it, but
so far there does not seem to be the
slightest clew that will lead to any definite
end. Neither the sexton nor any of the
members of the church appear to have
noticed any person carrying a bundle
enter the church, nor do any of the shop
keepers or regular frequenters of the
vicinity remember seeing any one going
toward the church with a package between
the hours named.
• It is said to be no uncommon thing for
persons carrying various articles of wear
ing apparel,' satchels and pacKages to go
into this church. It is in a thickly popu
lated part of the town, where many of the
members pass, and repass it on their way
to and from their work. Necessarily they
frequently are compelled to take any small
package they may have in with them, and
the thing is so common that no attention
is paid to it. ;•
The birth record at the Health Office
NEW TO-DAY.
Xj*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'yfF
*'-np|__ _ #sl££B .W_V* 2
! Wonder mjffl
I Millinery Jg| \
* The Latest _^^^^, The Prices *
J Spring and are Low * *
J Summer *Si_iill_* The Largest J
* Designs, from and Best *
* Paris, London L^ -HP Selected J
* and New York. Sf^T Stock Ever J
* _& _^_^ I, _?!lP^^__^_^ll! ,^* sspl ayed« yed *
! JL HATS, LACES, FLOWERS, ' I
I S FEATHERS, RIBBONS. I
fc'.aWß_V ■'■'■: 1026 Market St. I
9 .'.'*.* "'\ ! *.-'; NO BRANCH STORE IN .THIS CITY. J
THE DEIMEL " WAGOffS. CARRIAGES ASD HAMBBB.
■ *r-t-'v -'_■_' "■' ~'S'~' '•*»»" '-■ ' __■______■_■___. 7' Fitly i per cent saved!
Linen-Mesh Underwear tH|. iiisS_
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable. JB_k*jj»fiJffl)l TV Carriages.'.* to .$_OJ
;;•-■ FOR SALE AT THE STORE OF .:. '/^KogKß^S^X::^!^^
The Deirael Linen-Mesh System Company, wl^^M^ o2i«»Sl£^ w£Sl??SS-
-111 fflontgonirry St., Opp. Occidental Hotel.- -^^^^-^ lvi. f.
shows that no child is known to have been
born in the region of the "church since
April 20.' This is in no wise strange, for
the appearance of the child clearly indi
cates that there was no physician present at
the period of f birth. * The -body shows
rough handing, . and the >; lungs : are con
gested. The autopsy, performed by Dr.
Barrett, makes it evident that in spite of
the rough handling that the little stranger
received he must have lived for some
time afterbirth.
I Coroner Hawkins stated late last even
ing that as soon as the police had collected
sufficient evidence to tend to show who
the author of the - deed is, an inquest will
be held: The time of the inquest, there
fore, is indefinite.
CONTEMPLATES BUILDING.
The Welsh Presbyterian Church "Will
Erect a New Edifice.
The "Welsh Presbyterian Church, which
has been holding services for some years
at Cambrian Hall, is contemplating the
erection of a new edifice. As a prelimi-
nary step in this direction the board of di
rectors recently purchased a lot on Ridley,
or Thirteenth street, as it is now called.
The congregation has been enjoying a sea
son of encouraging prosperity* under the
pastorate of Rev. Vaughan Griffith, and
the members hope in a few months to be
in 'a: position financially to take active
steps toward the realization of their de
sires in regard to an edifice of their own.
The Welsh Presbyterian Church, though
necessarily limited" numerically," is one of
the oldest religious organizations in the
community; and many years ago they
owned a small edifice on Vallejo street, but
as the center of population shifted the oc
cupancy of these quarters became imprac
ticable and were abandoned.'
REFUSING THE PERMIT
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Kuhl
- mann Differ in the Case of
Jens Sonderup. .
Inquest Over the Body of an Electric
Car Victim— Burial Permit Issued
Yesterday.
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Charles G.
Kuhlmann entertain, widely different
ideas as to what caused the death of
Jens W. Sonderup of 10 Steiner street,
who was struck by a Kearny-streec elec
tric-car some six months ago, and who
finally passed away on Thursday last.
This difference of opinion between the
Coroner and a reputable physician has
caused the Board of Health not a little
trouble. It has also created an impression
in their minds that the Soutnern Pacific
is responsible in a way for the widely dif
ferent ideas expressed in the two death
certificates now on file in that office. The
story briefly told is as follows:
Six months ago Jens \V. Sonderup, a
beer-bottler by occupation, while attempt
ing to cross Kearny street, near Washing
ton,'was struck by a northbound electric
car.^ He was carried home in an insensible
condition, but later recovered conscious
ness. However, the man was a physical
wreck. His lower limbs were paralyzed to
such an extent as to unfit him for busi
ness. : .--7:7''X
On Thursday last Sonderup died, and the
attending physician, Dr. Charles G. Xulil
mann, offered at the Board of Health office
the usual form of certificate, the cause of
death being named as follows: "Progres
sive traumatic (from a wound) cerebro
spinal ataxia and paralysis."
As the certificate was not indorsed by
Coroner Hawkins, a burial permit was re
fused. Dater, Dr. Knblmann appeared at
the Health Office and demanded to know
why the authorities would not receive it.
The angry physician was informed that in
cases ot deaths resulting from accidents,
all certificates must be countersigned by
the Coroner. '7 7 :.;.■*- ,>.,..'. Xi< .-. ,-,*
Hardly an hour had passed before an
employe of the Market-street Railway ap
peared at the Health Office and demanded
to know why the permit was refused. The
enterprising official was given the same
answer as that which so angered Dr. Kuhl
mann. • -:,;-:
Just how it happened no one seems to
know, but the - body of Sonderup [ was
viewed by the Coroner and yesterday a
certificate with the cause of death, reading
as follows, was filed by Dr. Hawkins:
Brain, spinal cord and kidneys preserved for
microscopical examination— pulmonary tuber
culosis — nodules through both, lungs and In
kidneys; stomach preserved for analysis. In
quest pending.
In . accordance with this certificate the
Health Office issued • a burial permit,
naming consumption as the cause -'-of
death. It will be observed that Coroner
Hawkins and Dr. Kuhlmann differ materi
ally as to. what actually caused the death
of Sonderup. Paralysis is named in the
first certificate and tubetculosis in the one
last placed on file.
In view of the fact that the deceased
man's family expect to institute a big suit
for damages acainst _ the Market-street
Railroad this difference of opinion between
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Kuhlmann will,
no doubt, cut a big figure.
-'" ■ , : -' ' NEW TO-DAg-I»*YjSOOPB. --_.-.-. ■-,--■,■_
NEW SILKS!
i . .i| i y y jLD i";jL-_# jl^^j ©
We are now exhibiting some very attrac-
tive NOVELTIES in SILKS specially suited
for the present season. Ladies will upon
inspection find our styles the choicest and
our prices beyond competition.
Fancy Plaid Taffetas,
New styles and colorings.
New Checked Taffetas
(Summer Silks).
Black and White Checked Taf-
etaS, Small, medium and large checks.
Persian Taffetas,
New designs and colorings.
Broche Dresden Taffetas,
New styles.
■ £■*. SPECIAL ! — f=_-
An Elegant Quality FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA for
Skirting ■ :■:-■ ■■ ■ • •■■ $1.00 per Yard
-E. — £3_P_=_lol-__.l_i ! ■=:■
BLACK BROCADED SILKS, full assortment medium and
large patterns - • $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 per Yard
T_____;_»__<_>r<r_! _VE___.X-*-* 8777.
<_> _i__2>xp3
All, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
■ ■ , . - — =*■■*-■
§0- AUCTION
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 12 M.
OF
80" Real Estate.
Income tenement property, No. 108 Langton
street, rents $41.
11-room nice home, No. 1526 Clay street, will
rent $50. -'.*:- ;..**,
Business property, corner Sixteenth and Guer-
rero streets, three frontages, rents $160.
Downtown, No. 129 Third street, near Mission,
rents $128.
Store and flats, No. 823 Howard street, near
Fourth, rents $130. :_ :. ; ; .
Cottage home, No. 432 Twenty-eightb street,
near Noe. rents $15.
Business corner, SE. corner Twenty-third and
Hampshire streets, rents $32.
Richmond home, No. 219 Sixth avenue, near
California street, rents $20.
Three flats, No. 209 Fourteenth street, near
Howard, rents $47.
Mission home, NE. corner Jersey and Vicks-
burg streets, rents $25.
Building lots, SE. corner of Noe and Ridley
streets. ■ ■" ■ ' • -rX^-x
Business lot, Twenty-fourth street, near San-
chez. X f .'X >-" ■■•'■ f % s: ' -,'
French flats, No. 1231 Union street, near Lar-
kin, rents $47.
7* *.*?W
AT SALESROOM, 602 MARKET.
THESCCCIM THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE-:
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Rambler Offers Nos. 8, 9 10
A MILE IN LESS THAN TWO MINUTES.
OITITTTiT. IVTA R Every time an amateur cyclist rides a mile in less than 2 MINUTES,
y~f xx XJIY ?XI yj. O. paced or unpaced, in a regular I;. A. W. race on a Rambler Bicycle fitted
with G. it J. tires, between April 1, 1*96, and January 1,1897, the Rambler manufacturers mil present
him with a handsome souvenir, highly embellished and with the name and details ol the performance
engraved upon It. ; , .
FOR FULL PARTICU- **%—3£==^ THOS H B VARNEY
MRS. ftP TM^p U\ g 7\ vL-— _ V-"r--v D.VHnnLi
L.K_ {.M lUfcSh ' jS&=fiL\ / \ /%Wfc,- RAMRIPD
MD / AL_;PREYI.^» \ximm, B c A * B i E M .
OIS OFFERS |^|sMC____P (life) b.clorama,
.j . .i_.-..: ; ■ ■ •_'-■■ -_. XV'v/ jffy_y «* »» nS_/7a\ V_^ Market, Tenth and Steve»«
OTTTTI^P. NO Q They will also nave a souvenir of a little less value. One of these will _•
v -* x -*- -*uxi< -i- ,, "_/. .O. presented to the rider of a mile, under conditions named above, but on
any ma_e of wheel other than Rambler, but fitted with G. AJ. tires. Jt must be understood that there
is no limit to the number of souvenirs which may be given to any one rider.
OF 1 TTTT, R NT. "<i Ift- To the ; holder of the greatest 1 number of these "TWO-MINUTE*»
V x lUlli J." V. LU. souvenirs at the end of this year will present A GRAND SOUVENIR
i PHILADELPHIA SHOE CI
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
00 en
HtS__i-i_#9_/ \ / hi!
.—.^•^^h H '*■ i -*_________ f
CHEAP STYtISH KCSSETS.
We are prepared to show the most complete
lines of Ladies' Russet Oxfords, Button or Lace
Shoes in this city. We have all th« latest styles—
everything new or nobby— and our prices cannot
be beat. We have always borne the reputation of
selling the Best Shoes for the least money in this
city, and we are now ln a better position than ever
before to sell close.
Lace Shoes are all the rage, and we have just re
celved a large shipment of the very swellest Lace
Shoes made. They have Russet Kid Vamps.
Brown Cloth Tops, Needle Toes or Narrow Square
Toes, and Tips and Pliable Soles, and we will offer
them for *_ 50.
These Shoes are worth more money, bnt we off***
them as an inducement. Before purchasing else*
where call and examine our stock and prices.
We are selling a Nobby, Russet Goat Oxford,
with Pointed Toes and Tips, for. $1 39
• og~ Country orders solicited.
__r Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisoo.
COAL! COAL
"Wellington...... 910 00 ....
Southfield.... 9 60 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 6 60— Half ton. 3 M
Seattle 800— Halfton. 400
Bryant..... 700-Halfton. 400
Telephone— Black—
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
523 Howard Street. Near First.
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINB
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My boo*
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to _ m.TYPICAL SCENES
ALONG THE
WATER FRONT
THE water front is a little world
all by itself. A ride of only a few
minutes on the streetcars takes
one from the midst of the City's
scenes of rushing trade to an at
mosphere that breathes of commerce with
lands afar. Down on the water front, by
the tall masts and the great cables and the
big hulls, where employes of the -hipping
corporations are wheeling bundles and
bales and boxes from deck to wharf and
from wharf to deck, or swinging freight on
or off with beam and pulley and tackle,
the mind seems to expand with the widen
ing sphere of contemplation beyond the
confines of the busy landsman's life.
Standing on the wharf one easily realizes
that he is standing on the edge of a conti
nent, and that those huge shells, built to
tattle against the wave-battalions of the
briny deep, are the messengers of the
spheres and carriers of civilization.
Many a lesson is to be learned along the
wharves. One may see what monsters the
ocean vessels are, and as tons upon tons of
merchandise are dropped into their holds,
a faint idea of their immense capacity is
obtained. These vessels often bring for
tunes into port and often bear fortunes
away.
Strewn along the docks are goods of al
most every description ready to be lowered
into the dark bottoms. In one small pile
is a thousand cases of oil for the Hawaiian
Islands. It sounds like a large figure, but
the pile doesn't seem very large in com
parison with the loads of other things near
by, and a thousand cases of oil will occupy
only a very small corner of th. craft any
how.
There the planks seem bending under
the weight of farm-machinery that is des
tined for Central America, and a few yards
further on some schooners are loading for
Alaska. There are stamp-mills for mines,
more sacks of flour than one can count,
some horses that will be put into service
at Forty-mile Creek, and bales of hay and
sacks of grain to feed the animals with;
there are hams and bacon, and salt and
dried meats by the barrel, and many boxes
full of cabbages or potatoes. Fancy food
is not in demand in the region just under
the Arctic Circle. There is a crowd of
men near these vessels discussing Alaskan
prospects.
"They'll come back with less than they
leave with,',' ventured one of the prophets
of tbe water front.
'- "How do you make that out?" inquired !
* a man who is courting a conversation and j
who would like to get rid of some of his \
own surplus views.
"Well," the Forty-mile country up there
is full of men already, and the mines are j
petering out, as it is. Those men are go- 1
ing up there right along. There won't be
any work for them and most of them are
poor, and I tell you if a small army of
them isn't stranded and starved or frozen
to death it'll be a wonder. I say these men
are shortsighted." ; ' . j*"'
"You don't know,'' says the other, "that
the old Yukon miners come down with
lots of shining gold at the close of every
mining season; that they always .spread
reports about the mines being worked out
and advise people to keep away from there
and that these same foxy old miners re
turn to the cold north just as soon as
spring is far enough along to assure safe
voyaging. Alaska is rich, sir. These peo
ple are as keen as they make them nowa
days." -if.-
But the miners and the seamen pay no
heed to these onlookers and debaters, they
have business to attend to and are going
about it as if they understood its require
ments.
Those vessels over yonder, which will
carry missionaries to China and Siberia,
will also go laden with flour and pork and
other things, so that America, while pay
ing some attention to the souls of heathens
and other benighted people, is neverthe
less bending an eye to the main chance
and letting no opportunity slip by to pull
Asiatic shekels to the shores where those
shekels receive heartier welcome than the
Asiatic. Americans are such heavy tea
drinkers, however, that the Chinese make
matters financially interesting in a com
mercial way.
From North Beach to the foot of Har
rison street one may behold all kinds of
bay and sea going craft and see faces and
hear tongues of about every nation of any
importance under the sun. One straight
way calls upon his geographical knowl
edge to locate points on various parts of
the globe whence these vessels come to
us.- One is disposed to believe that tb be a
sailor and see many lands and mingle
with many strange peoples in distant
climes is to obtain a liberal education but
it is, perhaps, the case on the sea as it is
on the land— many don't take advantage
of opportunities that come to them, many
don't see them when they come, and some
don't care whether they come lor not so
long as they have plenty to eat and drink.
A stroll along the water front may yield
one many lessons, if he chooses to learn.
That seaman, whose face lis blackened
with coaldust and who has just emerged
from the body of a whaleback, might tell
one a great many things about places
from which we get most of our' coal. A
sailor from the South Sea Islands might
describe to us interestingly how the cocoa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 896.
nuts grow and how the monkeys play
ball with them, or how one may live with
out expense by the banks of a stream un
der the spreading branches of the bread
fruit tree. Some of the tars may have
voyaged with lumber to South Africa and
made excursions into the country that has
given Great , Britain so much money and
trouble, and they might tell us something
about the gold fields of the colony or the
diamond mines of Kimberly. Many, of the
boys of the sea can spin yarns of mighty
London and busy Liverpool and rich
Amsterdam and giddy Paris. The old
salt who 'has been around the world can
tell more about the commercial products
of the different lands than the school
books, and the. old salt is always
in evidence down alo_g the water front. 5
The brisk salt sea air is both refreshing
and bracing. What tall .straight masts
those are! The men far up in the rigging'
show plenty of nerve! Imagine them up
there in a fierce gale •at . sea. They are
now working leisurely, and | like men on
the solid ground. There is no excitement
to boast of in their labors on the calm,
peaceful water front.
HAYSEED MILLIONAIRES.
Pennsylvania Farmers Made Rich -by
, Oil.
"An interesting book could be written," .
said an old-time oil man to a Pittsburg
Dispatch reporter, "about the farmers who
grew fabulously rich in a few : years from
the product of their farms lying on Oil
Creek, if anybody would take the trouble
to collect 'the . information about what be
came of them. It is . a curious fact that in
the sixties "most |of the i money .in the oil
business- was made by men who began
with nothing, and the farmers came in for
a very large share of it. I myself could
tell many stories of men, owning nothing
but the . land, ' out of which they made • a
very poor living, who in a very few years
after Colonel Drake drilled the first oil
well in the United States were worth hun
dreds of thousands of dollars. -Most of
then* afterward died poor, and their farms
are now owned by persons not of . their
kith and kin. . -*■.-■
"The only exception I recall to the rule
of the farms having passed entirely out of
the possession of the families who owned
them at the lime the oil excitement began
is that of the farm of" James Mac Cray, a
little distance back from Oil Creek, who
made his living' and that of his family
from it, adding a little to his income from
the farm by getting out occasional rafts of
lumber and floating them down the creek
to the .Allegheny River. ; Mr. Mac Cray
lived in a log house, and the • other build
ings on" his place were far from the finest.
He and his family probably saw very little
ready money, but within five years from
the time his j farm was leased to oil-pro
ducers he was, worth at ; least $500,000 and
was living in ; a very ' fine mansion in
Franklin.-. He - and his wife have both
been dead a number of : years and left con
siderable wealth to their sons, : one ;of
whom, I believe, still owns the old place.
• "Mac Cray's farm was one of the first
leased, and soon after the McElhaney
farm near it was leased by a man named
Funk, who made an immense fortune out
of it. Funk probably had $10,000 when he
began, and he was soon worth at least
$1,000,000. He died a few years after he
had amassed this immense fortune, leav
ing it to his family. The owners of the
farm also became very rich, as in those
days the royalty paid to the owner of the
land was often a half in addition to a
bonus of $1000 an acre.
"One of the most celebrated j farms in ]
the Oil Creek 'region was that of George
Washington McClintock. Like others
living in that region, Mr.. McClintock had
a good farm' with a few poor -buildings on
it, and: was glad to make a little extra
money floating rafts of logs to the river.
His farm was leased by Brewer and Wat
son. "He g only j \ got a fourth royalty, I
believe; but in a few years he was worth
at least; half a ; million. He moved to
Meadville, where, I think,, some of his
family are still living.
<". ' "At least 1000 • persons made larger or
smaller fortunes out of the oil produced
from this farm. The Central Petroleum
Company ~< was . formed of persons ." inter
ested in it, and is still in existence, though
it does not : now : control this property.
Although in a few years following Drake's
discovery, and preceding the day of oil ex
changes, the price of oil fluctuated from
50 cents to $14 a barrel, still nearly | every
body who started in a small way made
money, and the full history of this farm
would furnish some ; very , noticeable in
stances of it, One somewhat amusing one
is of an acre in which Mr. McClintock
traded his interest, probably on the chance
of the wells on it being dusters,' for' an old
horse. The owner of the horse was a man
named Killen, * and ; the ; animal was : not
.worth-more than "SSO, bnt a few months
after the transaction | a well came | in ; on
Kilien's acre which enabled him to sell out
for $5000. I never heard what Killen did
with his money, but the next day the man
who purchased sold for $10,000, and four or
five days 'later the second -purchaser got
$15,000 for his holding. •:• ;
• "Another 1 ' instance, _ somewhat of this
character, though the - scene of :it was an-
other farm, which came under my obser
vation, was furnished by a young" minis
ter. He borrowed $2000 to purchase a one
sixteenth interest in the royalty on a well
which was being drilled and , which
amounted to one thirty-second of the pro
duct of tne well itself. It ..came in a 400
--barrel well, and sixty days - later the
clergyman sold out for $18,000 and took a
trip to Europe. I think the trip was for
his health, and if not the object must have
been equally praiseworthy, for he came
back and continued to preach the Gospel
till the day of his death, and while he was
preaching he spent the money he had
made out of oil in doing good."
' • — ♦ — • .
SINGERS IN PARLIAMENT.
More Musical Talent Among Members
Than Might Be Supposed. :*' '
The Commons is noted rather for its dis
cords than for harmonies. But although
the Parliament orchestra as a whole would
be eminently unsuitable for an orchestral
concert, yet a number of individual musi
cians might be selected from among, them
who, as solo performers, could be relied
upon to provide an excellent entertain
ment. Foremost among musicians in the
Commons must be mentioned J. W. Side-
botbam, who has taken the degree of
bachelor, of y music, and can discourse
as learnedly on the musical art as on
the political situation. Then comes
C. Stuart-Wortlev, who, although he is
wont to speak with; great modesty of his
musical achievements, has written two
excellent songs, "Why Does Azure Deck
the Sky and "The Gypsy's Dirge." Ar
thur Balfour, too,' is a cultured musician,
who delights not only in listening to the
best performers, but in playing the piano
forte for his own pleasure. It does not ap
pear that Mr. Gladstone, with all his mar
velous versatility, ever came forward as an
instrumentalist. But in the bygone days
the eminent statesman -delighted in sing
ing, and it is on i record that his favorite
song is "My' Pretty Jane," a ballad that
is not so familiar to-day as it was a gener
ation or two ago. ' Sir; Richard Webster is
well -/known as a; member of a ; church
choir, and he has appeared on the plat
form at concerts with great success. Sir
Richard inclines toward sacred and serious
music; Sir Edward Clarke, if report be
true, leans toward the humorous, and can
render a coster ditty with marvelous ef
fect. '•■--;-■-' • *• :_■'.
• The labor members are specially strong
in * musical i talent. * John Burns, when a
rosy-cheeked youngster, f sang in a sur
pliced choir; and Keir Hardie is not only
a performer on the mandolin, but can put
pathos and force into a Scotch ballad. His
favorite song is "Mary of Argyll," and his
rendering of it; has frequently evoked the
plaudits ?of his admirers. And -specially
prominent, '•; of . course, is -{William Abra
ham, familiar to the Welsh people and to
the Commons ) as ."Mabon." Mabon can,
i by singing "The Men of Harlech" or "Land
i of My Fathers," rouse a Welsh audience to
the wildest pitch of enthusiasm. The hon-
I orable member has, it is true, never raised
: his voice in song within the House itself,
} but he is able to boast that he has sung at
the request of a Speaker.
It arose in this way. In the short Par
liament of 1885, Mr." Pee! invited all the
labor members then in the House to a
special dinner. After the repast an ad
journment was made to tne library, and
i here, at Mr. Peel's request, Mabon favored
the company with a vocal selection. No
one was more delighted than the then
Speaker, who beat time on his knees as
the singer proceeded. There is an excel
lent story told of Mabon's exchange of
compliments with Mme. Patti. At a "con
cert in Wales, Mabon and the great prima
donna were among the performers. The
concert over, Mme. Patti stepped up to the
M. P. and observed, with a pleasant smile,
"You sing really well, Mr. Abraham.'
"Yes, madam," responded Mabon, gal
lantly, "and so do you."
The Irish party can boast of a
i number of vocalists. The veteran T. D.
Sullivan has written the words of many an
Irish ditty, and has sung them with great
effect at numerous political and festive
gatherings. Tim Healy, too, is much
given to rendering Irish ballads, "Mary
Donnelly" being his favorite song. Mr.
Healy plays his own accompaniment;
while his brother Tom, who sits for North
Wexford, is an accomplished pianist. Dr.
Tanner can sing a good song, and so can
Tom Condon and Dr. Fox.
The Scotch members do not appear to be
so musical as their brethren from Wales
and Ireland. It is true that Parliamentary
caricaturists not infrequently depict one
or the other of the representatives of Soot
land playing a solo on the bagpipes, but it
is doubtful whether in realty any Scotch
member of Parliament is in the habit of
performing on an instrument that is re
garded by the unappreciative Southron as
a fearsome and unholy invention.
There is one member who probably owes
his seat in the Commons to the sweet sing
ing of his wife; and, indeed, music at po
litical meetings is becoming quite in vogue.
Captain Grice-Hutchinson, Mr. Newdigate
and R. J. Price, who are now M. P.s, sang
to the electors at the general election, and
who knows how many votes which other
wise would have gone to their opponents,
were captured by their musical efforts?
Mr. Price, be it said, used to render
"Cacthing.the Speaker's Eye" with great
gusto. He has since had plenty of oppor
tunities of catching the august optic of
that august personage. . If the practice of
having musical election meetings con
tinues to grow there ought to be a great
field among Parliamentary candidates for
teachers of instrumental music and voice
production.— Musical Strand Magazine.
SPEEDY YANKEE CLIPPERS.
Past Sailing by American Ships Recalled
by the Shenandoah's Performance.
The recent swift voyage of the four
masted clipper Shenandoah from San
Francisco to this port has inspired several
readers of the Sun to ask questions about
the crack performances of other clippers
of the days when steel and steam were not
the chief factors in shipbuilding. James
S. Dodson of Bethlehem, Pa., writes that
the clipper Northern Light, in 1852, made
the passage from San Francisco to Boston
in seventy-five days, that the Comet cov
ered the distance between the Golden Gate
and Sandy Hook in seventy-six days, and
that the Flying Dutchman made the round
trip between San Francisco and New York
in 207 days, including the time she spent
discharging and taking on cargo at San
Francisco.
There may be added to Mr. Dodson's
statistics the following: The Northern
Light's best trip was seventy-two days
from San Francisco to New Yoik. The Fly
ing Dutchman covered 4620 nautical miles
in sixteen consecutive days, or at the rate
of somewhat more than 288 knots a day.
The Mary Whiteridge, a fine Baltimore
clipper, ran from Baltimore to Liverpool
j in thirteen days and seven hours. -
The Flying Cloud, one of Donald Mc-
I Kay's splendid ships, on a run of eighty
nine days and eighteen hours from San
Francisco, made in twenty-four hours
427}_ miles. The Comet, which was a
New York boat built by William H. Webb,
on a return voyage from Hongkong to
San Francisco, covered 1512 knots in 120
consecutive hours, which is more than
12*_ knots an hour, or about the speed of
the ordinary coasting steamship. The
Comet ran from Liverpool to Hongkong ia
84 days. The Nightingale of Portsmouth,
N. H., in 1854, made Melbourne from New
York in 76 days. The Trade Wind ran
from Sandy Hook to San Francisco in 75
days and came back in 84 days. The Soy«
ereign of the Seas, one of Donald McKay's
flyers, on a trip from Honolulu to New
York, covered 6245 miles in 22 days; one
clay she ran 436 miles, and for four days
her average was 308 miles. The Andrew
Jackson of Boston made San Francisco
from New York in 80 days. The skipper
of the Flying Scud of ' Damariscotta, Me.,
declared that on an 80-day voyage from
Sandy Hook to Melbourne he covered 460
miles in twenty-four hours, but his triends
said he was merely spinning a yarn for
landsmen. *
The Young America, of William H.
Webo's creations, made, five trips from
San Francisco to New York in from eighty
three to ninety-two - days. She covered
the course between Liverpool and New
York in eighteen days. The Lightning, a
McKay packet of 2084 tons and 228 feet
long, ran from England to Calcutta, carry
ing British troops, in eighty seven days,
beating other, sailing vessels by from six
teen to forty days. She sailed from Mel
bourne to Liverpool in sixty-three days.
The James Barnes made Melbourne from
Liverpool in sixty days. The Red • Jacket
ran from .New York to Liverpool in thir
teen days and eleven hours, and from New
York to Fastnet in ten days. The Dread
naught sailed from Sandy "Hook to Queens
town in nine days and several hours; she
reached Liverpool in thirteen days and
eight hours. The Glory of the Seas, with
5000 tons of freight, made San Francisco
from New York in , ninety days, aver
aging 161 miles a day for three weeks. —
New, York Sun.
; Of \ the 17,000,000 inhabitants of Spain
nearly half are ignorant of the art of read
ing and writing.
1718
THE DEED-OF-A-HERO
I WAS on my way to the village, toil- ]
ing up the old pavea road, on a slope.
known for miles around as the stiff est !
climb in the neighborhood, it was a
hot August day. and as I stopped to
take breath old Sauvage, the owner of the
"Rising Sun," an inn most discreetly
perched at the top of its thirsty summit,
came up behind me and accosted me with
a cordial "Good-day!" We went on to
gether, glad of each other's company, and
at last arrived at the very steepest part of
the way, a sheer incline abutting on a ra
vine, thickly clad with undergrowth, at the
bottom of which flowed the river, and bor
dered by a green hedge, the only protec
tion against a fall over its side. Right in
the very middle of this hedge was a great
gap, which seemed as though some mas
sive weight had crashed through it.
"Has there been an accident here?" I
asked my companion.
"Better than that," was his answer.
"That hedge wears still the scars of war,
like a disabled warrior. A terrible thing
happened there."
I scented a story.
"Tell me about it," I begged, and, as we
advanced slowly under the burning sun,
he began : \} ' i \ ;.'
"It was on the 17th of December, in the
year of misfortune, 1870, a date I have
good reason for remembering.. [U .....
"On the afternoon of the day before, a
troop of German soldiers had arrived
among us. No one thought much about it
it first: we had grown accustomed to
such visits by then, for our village is on
the road to Germany, and for the last
three months, heaven knows, we had seen
nothing bnt Prussians and Bavarians,
Uhlans and artillerymen, cuirassiers and
foot soldiers passing through a never
ending stream. They did not stay long,
but managed to consume everything they
could get hold of; they devoured our corn,
our oats, our cattle and our sheep, which
they were brutes enough to kill before our
Very eyes, and left us in their stead little
scraps of paper with I don't know what
sort of unintelligible stuff written on
them. Afterward they would go on down
the hill, through the valley, and forward to
Paris. At night, when the wind blew from
the west, we used to hear dull, heavy sounds
which were the voice of the cannon— Paris
calling for help. But Paris called in vain,
and in vain we hoped ; the pantalons rouges
never came, and always, always there ar
rived fresh troops of Germans. I would
.wager more than a hundred thousand
■have been over the old paved road where
-we are. But we could do nothing and had
'-to watch them go by in mournful helpless
-5 ness, as you might watch the course of a
> river that had overflowed its banks.
\ "This time it was only an infantry bat
* talion. It halted up there, in front of our
' place, by the church. But evidently some
jj thing extraordinary had happened. The
; soldiers stood at attention ; 'their officers
| were in a group, gesticulating, shouting,
swearing. I could hear them at it from
; the house. The commandant was the
; most furious of all. I can see him still— a
long, lean old fellow, with a red scar on
his white face, a great white mustache,
with occasional reddish hairs in it, and
the very oddest way of walking I ever saw
just as if he were walking on eggshells
and was afraid of breaking them — a
way of swinging himself about that made
me think of a poplar swaying in the wind.
"While he was raging up and down a
captain pointed out to him the house op
posite to ours. And at once he 'seemed
overjoyed; he called out some order in his
lingo; four men came out of the ranks
and, followed by them and the captain, he
marched forthwith to the house pointed
out to him, looked at its sign-board, and
read aloud: -Jacques Brulefert, Engine
and Machinery Mender' ; then he opened
the door and entered with the officer.
"I wondered what the Prussians could
be wanting with Jacques, and said to my
self: 'Look out for squalls!' for I must tell
you Jacques hated the Prussians, and he
was a hot-headed fellow. He had served
with the army in Africa, and though now
he was well past 40 had courage and
daring and strength enough for a much
younger man ; he was not tall, nor by any
means a beauty. By much fighting against
Bedouins he had got almost as swarthy as
they are, but he was as agile as a cat, and
dexterous as a monkey, while he was as
sound as only an old Zouave like himself
could be.
"Ah, there was no lack of fire in him,
eyes or heart, I can tell you! His rage
had known no bounds ever" since the cam
paign had begun. You should have heard
him storming against the Emperor in the
big room at the inn, for a coward who
couldn't even die when he ought to, and
against the townsfolk, who were cowards
too, and the Germans who could only
fight three to one. He banged on the
tables as if they were Prussians. He was
mad about it all. Why, I myself, sir. as
true as I'm here speaking to you, I saw
him cry like a child when he heard that
Bazaine had surrendered Metz.
"At every fresh disaster— and heaven
knows there were enough of them— he
wanted to be off wherever the fighting
was and take his share of it. He said
hat the others had got the very job he
ranted, and he would have gone over and
ver again in spite of his age if he had not
nad to stay and take care of his wife and
his little boy, a lad of 10 years. So he
stayed behind, hut as if he felt disgraced
and ready for any desperate deed. Every
time the Germans came through he shut
himself up so as not to see them, and it
by chance some of them were billeted on
him he would rather pay to sen them to
the inn than himself lodge the sauerkraut
gobblers, as he called them.
"So I said to myself, when I saw the two
Prussian officers going in to friend Jacques :
'There'll be a row, I warrant.' And I
wasn't far out, as you'll see. They had
hardly been inside for three minutes when
I heard a great uproar of doors ban ring
and shouting. Then out came the com
mandant as red as a cock's comb and
shouted out some rigmarole to the four
men who had stayed outside; they rushed
into the workshop and I knew they must
have had orders to fetch out Jacques. But
not a bit of use was it, for while they were
turning the house upside down I saw a
man suddenly leap out of the loft and ran
for dear life' along the road. It was
Jacques, and he went like a runaway
horse, but a few minutes after a Prussian
showed his ugly face at the very window
Jacques had jumped out through. You
can imagine his looks when he saw
Jacques had been under their very nose all
the time. And the officers, tool They
swore like anything, and the commandant
looked as black as thunder.
"He didn't jump out (it was too far from
the ground for that) but he, rushed down
the staircase with his men, called up the
others, and set them like dogs on the track
of the runner.- Ah, so he did— but there
was no Jacques to be seen ! Every trace
of him had disappeared! He was nowhere
to be found, and they searched everywhere
in the bushes, the corners behind the
church and the little wood! And bare
and level before them stretched the road.
Where the deuce could he have got to?
i The night was beginning to fall; in vain
the men searched everywhere round; in
vain the commandant swore and raged
and fumed like a madman; the soldiers
had to come back jabbering and empty
handed. All the village had assembled up
there at last, looking as though they un
derstood nothing, you can imagine, but
bursting with laughter to see them so
founded.
"Every one knew already what had
happened. My wife had been up to
Jacques' house to see what had been done,
and she has a tongue of her own, you
know, a regular woman. She found the
poor wife frightened out of her wits, and
crying with fear. It seems that the com
mandant had wanted Jacques to go with
him at once without a moment's notice.
He wanted him to repair a great steam
engine he was escorting with his battal
ion, and that he had had to leave behind a
mile back. The night before the engineer
had been killed as they came through a
wood by a franctireur. and he wanted some
one to replace him in bringing along the
machine which was stuck there. _ou can
guess it was pretty serious for him. The
machine was dragging along a great cannon
destined for the bombardment of Paris.
And the commandant had come to requi
sition Jacques for the job, as if he had
been a Prussian soldier, at least. He had
come to the wrong shop this time.
Jacques got white as a sheet and said:
'Supposing I won't do anything of the
kind?'
"The commandant told him, with a
sneer, 'Then you'll be forced to,' for he
spoke French* like a schoolmaster, the
great, lanky lout. But he did not know-
Jacques. With one bound the fellow
skipped through the door behind him.
ana, once out of their sight, got away as I
told you. 7 ■>-'-
"We thought that was the end of it.
But there's no dealing with these obsti
nate folk. A few minutes after there
wasn't one among us inclined to laugh,
foi the commandant announced to the
Mayor that he would now spend the night
in the village, and soon we each had our
share of Prussians to lodge. And to see
them there, strutting about in one's own
house, stretching across the fireplace or
the table, and talking a jargon no one
could understand, while the very rifles
they carried had probably shot down more
than one brave fellow from our little vil
lage, was enough to take the laugh out of
one forever, I can tell you.
"Up at the inn, of course, we had the
commandant and two captains to provide
for gratis, and didn't feel particularly flat
tered by the honor. The commandant was
striding up and down, and looking very
furious. Suddenly I saw him stop and
rub his hands. 'A bad sign,' thinks I;
and, sure enough, he calls his men and talks
away to them, pointing every now and
then to Jacques' house. I didn't know yet
what he was up to, but I 1 adn'tlong to
wait. Outside in the street we hear a
noise, loud laughs and the cries of a woman
and a child; then our door is pushed
roughly open and a woman is just thrown
into the room by four great ruffians, who
push and drag and hustle her in. It was
the old wretch's idea. The cunning old
thing said to himself: 'If you want to
take the male the surest way is to catch
the female.' And he had Jacques' wife
arrested.
"As for the boy, a regular son of his
father, as bold as a lion, he tried to resist;
veiled and screamed, fought and kicked,
and was trying to bite ihe hand which had
grasped him cruelly by the wrists. Poor
little lad I They wouldn't even let him
stay in with us, but kicked him outside,
and for a quarter of an hour or more we
heard him sobbing with rage and cold out
in the dark night. The mother was like a
creature possessed. She struggled until
she was in such a disheveled state you
wouldn't have known her, and screamed
insult after insult at the commandant,
calling him 'cad,' 'villain,' 'coward.' He
cared no more than if he had been a log;
but laughed mockingly at her, the heart
less beast, and said quietly, 'Come, come,
behave yourself! You shall be set free
when your husband returns. If he doesn't
come back, so much the worse for you.
You will be our prisoner, and will have to
come with us. That will teach your man
to refuse us his services.' And while
the poor woman, over whom two soldiers
mounted guard, was crying quietly in a
corner of our big dining-room, the com
mandant and two captains, seated at the
other end, ate enough for six, and drank
enough for ten, because they knew they
were not going to pay for their dinner."
By this time we had climbed the hill and
reached the inn, where I had invited Pere
Sauvage to drink a glass of wine with me
and it was over a venerable bottle. in a
cool corner of the big room looking on to
the sunny highway and the delightful
view beyond that he continued: "Well,
the Prussians W3re gobbling at the very
table we are now sitting at and I was serv
ing at the bar, when Jean Lacroix, the
mason, came in. He had come to fetch a
pint of wine; but he looked a. though
something was up; so when he made me a
sign I pretended that I had to go down to
the cellar and went into the kitchen with
him. -X-X7. 'X,.
" 'I've seen Jacques,' he said softly.
"•Where?' I asked.
"'Quite close. He has hidden under
the road. 1 found him crouched up in the
little tunnel that takes off the rain water
in bad weather. The Prussians must have
passed over his head at least a dozen times
when they were looking for him. Wasn't
it a trick to play them? But now he is
cold and hungry. He whistled softly to
me as I was com ng in from the fields.
He wants something to eat, some sort of
wrap and a little money, then he. is going
off to his Uncle Francois— who lives three
leagues off. I wanted to tell his wife, and
knocked at her door ; but there's no one
there. What am Ito do?'
"I told him the Prussians had arrested
her and meant to take her off with them;
that she was up there in the dining-room,
and that we must somehow let Jacques
Know; but it was easier said than done, as
one ran the risk of being caught in the act
and betraying his hiding-place. Then I
thought of the boy, who was bold enough
for anything and an intelligent little fel
low. ; It was a pitch-dark night; he could
creep along and hide himself in the
ditches more easily than a man, and
then once with his father he would at least
have some one to defend him.
: --," 'He can't be far away,' I said to Jean
Lacroix. 'We must find him and send
him.'
"It seemed the best thing to do, sir, and
yet I have often thought since then that
without meaning to I was doing just what
that old wretch of a commandant wanted.
No one will ever persuade me that that
wasn't the idea he had in his: head when
he let the child go : bethought he would
..-■'*•*■■■-".: *■>■-:.' _S_3k_*_*____^_____Jß_ __..^__.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
get at the father through the child. What
do you think? Jean Lacroix was of the
same opinion as myself, that it was the
only thing to be done and he went off to
see after it all. .<...•'
"The Prussians had done their dinner
and weie smoking like a factory chimney.
Jacques* wife was still crying silently in
her corner; she would neither eat nor
drink: and it was heartbreaking to see her
so wretched and know that we could do
nothing for her. The sentinels in the
street could be heard calling, 'Wer da?'
(Who goes?) and no one was allowed to
enter or leave the village without the
commandant's permission. The officers
and men came in from time to time to re
port to him. But on the stroke of 7
Jacques' wife sat up straight and gave a
loud cry. Her husband and her little boy
were being brought in by the patrol.
"Jacques was quite pale and very calm,
but his jaw was set and his look ugly.
When the commandant said with a laugh,
'I knew we should catch you; my fine
fellow,' he replied, looking straight into his
eyes :
"'I was not caught at all. I knew that
you had arrested my wife, and that she
"THE MACHINE SPED STRAIGHT ON, LIKE A FLASH OF LIGHTNING."
would be set free if I came back. So here
I art*. But all the same, you have acted
like a coward.'
"The commandant grew quite white,
then quite red, as if he were nearly chok
ing; his hand felt for his sword, and I
thought he was roing to fall upon Jacques,
who stood before him With folded
arms. But he contented himself with
swearing big oaths, which I didn't under
stand; but he must have been wild, to
judge by his men, who were trembling in
their shoes. Ah! if they had not had
need of Jacques Brulefert and his skill,
the poor fellow would have had a bad
time of it. At last, when the command
ant could control himself sufficiently to
speak, he said :
"'You are going to sleep here, you dog
of a Frenchman. Your tools will be
brought to you and to-morrow off you go
with us. The least attempt to get away
and you'll be shot at once.'
"Jacques did not flinch., He sat down
quietly at a table in the corner, white four
great Germans settled themselves at the
next table, with their guns charged and
bayonets fixed. His wife brought him food
and drink. He supped as though nothing
was the matter, without saying a word;
then asked for his tool-bag and a blanket;
sent home his wife and the little lad, who
didn't want to leave him ; after which, like
the old veteran he was, he rolled himself
up in his blanket, stretched himself out on
his table, with his box for a pillow, and
went to sleep.
"The next day at dawn a whole com
pany stood at attention in front of our
door, sent to fetch away Jacques. He had
already jumped down from his table and
stretched his limbs by a turn round the
room, so he took a glass with me and was
ready to go. > ' '••
"He chaffed and joked his four guar
dians, who would not let him out of their
sight for a single moment, but seemed
afraid that he might vanish up the chim
ney. All the same, there was something
very queer - looking about i him. Some
times he would stay for , a whole minute
staring and frowning, as if he was looking
at something a long way off, and then he
would suddenly rear up his head, as if he
was defying some one.
"At : about : 8 o'clock his wife and the
child came to see him. The poor woman
was crying so, that she was pitiful to see.
"'Listen, Catherine,' he said; 'you must
promise me to leave tbe village at once
and go to Uncle .Francois.' '
"And when she objected, he spoke
lower still. . My own i opinion is ■; that the
four soldiers didn't know a; single word of
French, hut they may have been sham
ming, and anyway it was wiser to speak
softly. /'So he whispered into her ear:
" 'You see, I- mean to try and escape on
the way. But if you are still here, they
will arrest you again to get me back. I
shall not feel safe unless I see you away.
Go and - get your things ready, and don't
be afraid. ■ dear wile. I'll get out of it
you'll see.'
"tie kissed her affectionately, almost
cheerfully, to inspirit her , a little, and
; pushed her toward the door. The boy
stayed behind, sobbing— naturally enough.
But Jacques caught him between his knees
and said: .-.-.> v.
.".'Little man, you must be brave, and not
cry; those cads are only too pleased if they
see you cry. j Think that I am going off to
the war and shall be coming back again.
If by chance, though, things go badly with
me and I never come back any more, you
must love your mother, my boy. You
must love her for two. And when you are
a big man remember to be a good soldier,
so that the Prussians may get back from
you some of the harm they have done us.
Now," laddie, don't cry whatever you do.'
"And the little fellow nearly choked
himsslf in his efforts not to cry and said:
" 'You see, father, I'm not crying now.'
Only the words sounded very shaky and
two great tears ran down his cheeks.
Jacques sent him off after his mother.
Ah! he couldn't manage to look cheerful
any longer, just then, poor Jacques His
voice was trembling when he said to me:
" 'It's cold this morning, Pere Sauvage.
Let's have one more drink together—per
haps it's for the last time.' ■x:7-xx7
" 'The last?' I said to him. 'Why, man,
it's not the first time you've been in the
wars; you'll come back to us, never fear!'
"He smiled without speaking, but I saw
he had got something planned out in his
head.
"The commandant had just come out
from his room, and he was no sooner
downstairs than he .aye the word
'March Jacques took his box and fol
lowed him outside. All the village was
there, sir, to see him off, and every one
had a good word for him and insisted on
shaking him by the hand: he had never
had so many friends. He kept looking
anxiously toward his house, but when he
saw his wife come out holding the boy by
one hand, and in the other her bundle of
things, he seemed .relieved. Only, as all
the good- by were being said, and every
one wished him au revoir and bon voyage,
the commandant asked, roughly, 'Where
is she going?' He was a sly old thing,-'
that commandant, to be sure; and was
suspicious about this departure of hers.
But Jacques replied, as quiet as you please :
"'I shall be away some time, it seems.
She is going to stay with our uncle as long
as you need my services.'
"The commandant was quite taken in.
'That's right,' he said, slapping
Jacques on the shoulder. 'You are sen
sible this morning; and that's better all
round, my lad. In a week you'll be back
here. It's not so bad, after all, is it?'
"The wife and the child started off as he
said this. Jacques followed them to the
next turning with his eyes, threw them a
kiss from where he stood, and gave a great
sigh; but as soon as they were out of
sight, sir, you would hardly have believed
it was the same man; his expression
changed as you might change your shirt,
saving your presence. It was our Jacques
at his very best; laughing and joking and
snapping his fingers at the Prussians,
whom he called old slow-coaches, telling
them they never would get anywhere at
that rate. A regular .'gamin,' sir, but a
true Frenchman too, who meant to show
these lanky Germans that there was
nothing in them to frighten an old soldier
of the African army.
"At last the column began to march.
Jacques, who was placed in the middle,
walking along quite gayly, called out to us,
'I shall see you again soon! You'll be
having news of me before long.' I assure
you, sir, he could not have gone off holiday
making more gayly, and more than one of
the village folk were surprised, and didn't
quite like to see him so soon going quietly
with the Prussians. But I knew vcfy man",
and could have sworn he had in his head
some trick to play them and their machine;
"The place where the Prussians had left
it was not half a league away, upon the
plateau ; above us; and, ; faith;". we' were
curious to see this engine which had come
from so far. 'Well,' said I, 'let's go along;
the Prussians, won't eat us'; and five or
six of us followed after the column that
was taking off Jacques.  . ■
"Soon, in the middle of the road, we
saw a great black object, guarded by a
little detachment that had had to camp
out round it. It was that brute of a ma
chine, : a traction engine it was called, I
think; and behind, on* two great carls,
themselves a mass *of iron, was the ;; gun
and the carriage ! ;, Ah, sir, if you bad seen
the creature! A monster of a ; cannon!
Heavens, how is it possible such engines
are invented? Two ; men could have
lain down Yin its : mouth, . and - good
ness knows • how ; many tons -:.■ ■* it
weighed! , It could discharge shells that
would demolish a whole house from garret
|to cellar. And ; when we thought that a
piece o! that caliber could carry two
leagues at the least, we said to each other,
gloomily enough, that the Parisians weren t
exactly going to have a gay time of it.
Only you will guess a mass like that wasn't
easily conveyed about it would , have
taken thirty hordes at least' just to move
it. Steam alone could drag along such a
monument, and just ,in the very nick 01
time the engine-driver had been killed,
and the machine got out of gear. 'Ah!'
we said to each other, 'what a pity Jacques
got taken prisoner! If only he could dam
age its inside a little, so that it couldn't be
got to move.' - ';- 77-rx77 .
"But nothing of the sort; he just gave a
look to its works, and in a few minutes
had put everything right, for he was a rare
workman, I can tell you. Then, while
they were getting up steam, we heard him
giving a heap of explanations to the com
mandant. The old man was afraid of the
incline it had to descend. But Jacques
reassured him ; he understood quite well
how to manage it; he would slow down at
the entrance to the village; he would put
on the brake; he would shut off steam; if
necessary, he would reverse the engines.
'You needn't be afraro of anything,' he
said. 'I'll answer for it all. It'll answer
to my hand, an engine of that kind. Only
send some men on first to clear off the
snow which is drifted up on the hillside.
That might make us slide down.' ; :
"For I must tell you there had been a
heavy snow a week before. Since when,
though it had been trodden into mud by
the passers-by, some still lay between the
paving-stones, and as it had frozen hard
during the night, the road shone in the
morning sun like a mirror. The com
mandant had noticed it. 'You're right,'
he said to Jacques, and some minutes
"YOU'LL BE SHOT!" CRIED THE OFFICER.
after the Prussians who stayed in the vil
lage were clearing the highway with picks
and brooms, like so many road laborers,
and spreading shovelfuls ot earth from top
to bottom of the incline. '
"All this time Jacques was waiting. The
machines was ready, he was seated on it,
and smoking his pipe as calmly as if he
had been at home. The commandmant,
however, did not yet feel quite safe about
him. At the moment of startine he called
a lieutenant and said something that I
couldn't understand, though I heard him
plainly. : The lieutenant I answered: 'Ja,
commandant. Ja, commandant.' x Then
I saw him take a revolver from his belt,
and climb up on the locomotive by
Jacques, and the commandant called :to
Jacques from his horse :
" 'Understand, you, engineer fellow, at
the first attempt to escape, you'll be shot.'
. '."You'll be shot' seemed to be the words
that came most natural i to him. Jacques
shrugged his shoulders.
v 'I've no wish to away,' was his re
ply. But in spite '■ of that, for greater se
curity, the commandant . had a double file
of men posted alongside to - the right and
the left of the machine; then he himself
went to the head of the column, calling
out first something in German and then in
French for Jacques, 'Forward, march!'
The machine panted and snorted and tug-
ged with all its might; the cannon jerked
off with a clash of iron, and between the
two rows of soldiers who accompanied it,
it all proceeded slowly along the level
highway. -
"We had run on to the village to an
nounce the | approach of the wonderful
machine, and all our folk, men, women
and children, were out in the road to see
it pass by. Soon were heard cries of 'It is
coming! It's coming!' and there it ap
peared, clearly outlined against the sky,
all black and smoking. Lean this way a
little, sir; you can see the place from here.
It was about ten feet from our house. You
can see, just where the cobblestones stop
and the paving begins. That's where the
incline begins; there's a little slope before
the big one. -■••■."
"At that moment the commandant, who
was prancing along on horseback, turned
round to Jacques and called out, 'Atten
tion !' ' '-:.7. 7 7 X' ■:-ii-U€-:~.'X ■7;-:~ i X.
' " 'Don't be alarmed,' sings out Jacques.
'I'm going to put the brake on.'
"Ah, sir, if I live to be a hundred, I shall
never forget what happened then ; no, nor
will any one who was there and saw it all.
Then I understood why Jacques had sent
off is wife and the little one.
"Instead of slowing down, he put on all
possible speed, jumped at the lieutenant,
twisted his arms so that the revolver fell
out of his hands, and kept him fastened to
the spot, shouting all the time, 'Vive la
France!" And the machine began to rush
on down, leaping over the paving-stones;
and the gun rushed after it, gun-carriage
and all. making a very deuce of a noise.
The commandant only just got out of the
way in time to escape being crushed. He
was yelling like a madman, and shouting
out orders to his Prussians : which I expect
meant: 'Stop him! Kill him!' But all the
same they stood still, stupid with aston
ishment and terror. They might as well
have tried to stop an express at full speed.
The machine sped straight on like a flash
of lightning. The nouses shook, the pav
ing stones were crushed under it and sent
out showers of sparks; it was a whirlwind
crashing down the street with thunderand
lightning. Jacques, clinging to his Prus
sian, looked a regular demon. Once more
we heard him shout, 'Vive la France!'
Then, at the turn of the road, in a single
bound through the hedge, everything
rolled over into the ravine below. It was
an awful crash. To have any idea of it you
must imagine a thunderbolt falling into
the midst of this room. And then im
mediately there came a great silence.
No one could speak; the women covered
their heads with their aprons; we felt sick
at heart. , v'VW-;xxx-'.-•
. "Can you believe it, sir? I can't think
of it even yet without creeping all over.
And yet it fifteen years now since then.
I expect you'll despise me, but I can't
help it.
"Well, to cut a long story short, the
Prussians were more than six weeks over
fishing up their big gun. At the bottom
of the ravine was a horrible mess of
twisted iron -work, dislocated wheels,
plowed-up soil, broken trees and shattered
stones. When at last it was all got up out
of the debris it was too late to be of any
use in the bombardment— the siege of Paris
was raised.
"Good old Jacques ! That was what he
had wished, ar.d to think that we could
never even give him a hero's funeral.
"He had been so completely crushed
that nothing of him was found but a few
mangled scraps of flesh some days after —
one couldn't even tell if they belonged to
him or the Prussian. Everything was car
ried off to the cemetery, almost without
ceremony, for the Prussians were still in
the village and furious after the smash.
Later on we put up a little headstone over
the grave, with the inscription, 'Died for
his country,' under his name, then the
date, and that was all. Thirty years hence
no one will remember who it" was. The
wife is dead, the house sold, the boy has
gone for a soldier — now he is a sergeant in
the line, and the .' Prussians will catch it
pretty hot if ever he has a chance of get- ,
ting nt them. But he doesn't often get j
back to his old home, and with the excep- !
tion of himself and a few old folk like me, |
who will remember Jacques Brulefert?
"I have it, sir: you who are a scholar —
you should write his history. It would
only be justice to him. 1 tell you, spite of
their great battalions and their great guns,
the Prussians would have had a bad time
of it in 1870 if there had been many
Frenchmen iike our Jacques.
"And now, sir, I've been talking long
enough. I must get to my work. Your
health, sir!"
"A la sante de la France, Pere Sauvage,
and the memory of Jacques Brulefert. I
promise you to write his story." — Ihe
Strand Magazine.
GREEK HORSE' RACES.
Kings and Prince. Sometimes Drove
Their Horses in the Olympic Games.
The most brilliant and exciting contests
of the festival were the chariot and horse
races. They took place in the Hippo
drome, adjoining the . Stadium. j The
structure itself no longer exists, and we
are dependent upon analogous buildings
and upon literature for its reconstruction.
The portion immediately adjoining the
Altis was an artificial embankment with
seats backing against those of the Stadium
farther on the rolling slope formed a na
tural stand for the spectators. The di
mensions of the Hippodrome are not
SS know ?' but are put with some
probability at two stadia in length and
and about 600 f,et in breadth. As with
the races in the Stadium, the chariot and
c.? r * e ._ iCes also involved a sharp turn, so
that the . course was traversed several
times : before the finish. Pindar, in . his
™,i-!f° Arce r sl!as . speaks of tne "twelve
swift turns of the sacred course."
_-l he relative positions of the chariots at
the start were determined by lot; but as
there was a natural difference between the
inside and the outside track this difference
was neutralized by a device in the manner
of starting, invented by Clecetas. This is
decsribed by Pausaniasi as in shape like
the prow of a ship, with partitioned stalls,
in which - the chariots and .horses took
their stand. Infrontof the chariots was
extended a rope. First the rones on the
extremities were slackened, and when the
horse stationed there advanced as far as
the horses in the second stalls then the
ropes there were slackened, and so on un
til all started fair at the beak. This shows
that a number of chariots started together;
how many is uncertain. When Pindar
speaks of the forty chariots who fell in the
Pythian contest in which Arcesilas con
quered he is not at variance with Sopho
cles, who relates that ten chariots then
started together; for the races were doubt
less run in beats. Alcibiades alone sent
seven chariots to Olympia, winning the
first, second a id fourth prizes.
In the chariot race the skill of the driver
told far more than the speed of the horses.
After the trumpet bad sounded and the
bronze dolphin had been lowered and the
bronze eagle raised as a signal for the
start, his cool head in the first bolt for. the
lead, and amid the dust-clouds ' of the
course and at the taraxippos — that terror
of horses, the turning-post — often g_._e_
slower horses with success to the finish,
where beside the judges stood a statue of
Hippodameia holding a fillet for the victor.
Long after the quadriga had ceased to
be used in active warfare the chariot race
flourished in the great national games. It
was the event in which the rich and pow
erful, princes and kings, took part, and
sometimes themselves appeared as cha
rioteers. There are many memorials of
these victories in Greet, vase-paintings,
coins and gems, varying in character from
serious representations of an actual race
to allegorical and symbolic scenes in which
Cupids and winged Victories are the
charioteers.— "The Old Olympic Games,"
in the April Century. *•
WONDERFUL RAT-KILLING.
A Llttl*. Scotch Terrier Hag Put Fifty
Thousand Out of Existence.
There are plenty of dogs to be found in
almost any city with some remarkable
rat-killing performances to their credit,
but there is one here in San Francisco
that very lixely holds the world's record
His work seems incredible, but it is only a
matter of figures to prove it and then it
seems possible.
"Tim" is the dog's name. He is"|&
Scotch terrier, 17 years old, and makes nis
home in the basement of Wieland __ Col-
Tim Dispatching a Hat.
[From a sketch.]
lips' saloon, on Montgomery street. When
only a little over a year old Tim was
brought to his present home and has re
mained there ever since. He has devoted
all of his time to killing rats without a
single holiday.
To kill rats was as natural to Tim as it
was to eat. He was as quick as a flash,
and one snap of his jaws was all that was
needed to end the career of any rodent.
The first night he was put in the basement
he killed over two dozen rats. Since then
he has killed an average of ten a night,
as has been ascertained by keeping rec
ords. One night when he was in his
prime he killed forty-two.
If Tim killed ten rats a night he would
kill 3652 in a year, and in fifteen years, the
length of time he has been at the business
he would have 51,780 to his credit. If any
thing, this record is too low.
Tim never made a habit of killing rats
like a machine, he always wanted some
fun out of it. As soon as he nad his vic
tim located he made a spring and caught
the rat near the hindquarters, so that by a
quick twist of his bead he sent the un
fortunate animal high in the air. The
rat's real troubles did not commence, how
ever, until he started on his downward
flight ana was caught between Tim's teeth.
Sometimes Tim gave a second toss, but
when he made up his mind to kill the
work was done in the fraction of a second.
At present poor Tim is in a sad condi
tion, and the chances are that he will soon
go to the dogs' happy hunting-grounds
where rats are plentiful. His teeth are
all gone and he can't see as well as he
used to. . But he still kills rats at the same
old rate, his powerful jaws being sufficient
to break the back of any rat that ventures
within his reach.
Propeller Blades.
A serious drawback in regard to the
screw propellers of torpedo-boat craft, in
consequence of the thinness of the blades,
is the quickness witn which they corrode.
In one case the common steel propeller
was found to be seriously corroded after
three months. In the German navy, a cor
respondent of the Naval and Military Rec
ord (British) writes, experiments in the
hope of getting rid of this drawback are
being made with nickel and steel for pro
peller blades in small craft. So far the
tests have proved satisfactory. After three
months' trial the nickel steel was not cor
roded, while tbe common steel, with but
an eight months' test, showed both metals
to be corroded, though the nickel steel
stood the best.
._-. -,__ -_-_- y* s^ To * PA *-- '
A NO-TO-BAC MIRACLE.
Physical Perfection Prevented by
the Use of Tobacco.
An Old-Timer Cured After Using
Tobacco Twenty-Three Years.
He Gains Twenty Pounds
in Thirty Days.
LAKE GENEVA, Wis., April 25.-The ladies
of our beautiful little town are making it in-
teresting for tobacco-using husbands, since the •
injurious effect of tobacco and the ease with
which it can be cured by No-To-Bac have been
plainly demonstrated by the cure of Mr. F. C.
Waite. In a written statement he says: "I
smoked and chewed tobacco for twenty-three
years, and my case was one of the worst in this
part of the country. Even after I went to bed
at night, I woke up to chew or smoke. It was
killinjr me, and my wife was also ailing from
the injurious effects. Two boxes of No-To-Bac
cured me, and I have no more desire for to-
bacco than I have to jump out of the window.
I have gained twenty pounds in thirty days,
my wife is well and we are indeed both happy
to say that No-To-Bao is truly "worth it-
weight in gold.' '* -■-■-,••
t Mr. Walte's cure is looked upon as a miracle.
It is the talk of the town and county and over
a thousand tobacco users will use No-To-Bac.
The peculiarity about, No-To-Bac is that the
makers authorize every druggist in America to
absolutely guarantee three boxes to cure or re-
fund the money, and the cost is so trifling,
compared with the expensive use of tobacco,
that tobacoo-using husbands have no excuse to
?" e £ £ en the * r wive » insist upon their taking
No-To-Bac, gaining -pure, sweet breath, new
mental and physical powers and a practical
revitalization of their nicotinized nerves. No-
._' ( 1 .H nly cures the tobacco habit, but
restores vitality and nerve vigor. It is indeed
a miracle worker for weak men. Get our book-
let, 'Don t Tobacco Bpit and Smoke Your Life
™ ft i „ . w '_ tten - guarantee, - free sample,
mailed for the asking. Address The Sterling
Kemedy Co., Chicago or New York,TUMACACORI
p^*i i^UMACACORI is the name of one
I of the most magnificent mission
TUMACACORI is the name of one
of the most magnificent mission
fi churches that the Spanish padres
J _ who came to christianize the In
dians built on the North Ameri
can Continent, but it is now only an aban
doned ruin in the Santa Cruz Valley, in
Arizona. The exact location of the old
church is apout half wav between Tubac
and Calabasas and three miles west of the
stage road that runs from Tucson to No
gales. It is completely off the beaten
track of tourists, and, until a few years
ago, was dangerous to visit without a
large party on account of the renegade
Indians and Mexican bandits that made
the place a rendezvous.
The complete history of Tumacacori
mission will never be written for the rea
son that all its records have been de
stroyed. Even the exact date of its
foundation is a matter of doubt. There
are references to Tumacacori in the re-
VIEW OF TUMACACORI MISSION.
[From a photograph.]
cords of the early missionaries in Sonora
so that it is probable that it was in exist
ence as early as 1694. There are certain
peculiar architectural features about the
mission churches that were built in about
this time in Southern Arizona, or Northern
Sonora as it was then, that point to the
possibility of their all being designed by
the same man.
The few records on the subject that can
be found state that the Jesuit missionaries
first established churches for the Indians
in Sinaloa in 1590. In 1687 they were at
work in Sonora, and by 1690 had estab
lished four missions, with the famous
Father Kineo as superior. Indian con
verts came from different tribes in the j
north and begged the fathers to come to
their country and build churches for th_m.
The first mission church built within the
territory, that now constitutes Arizona was
known as Guavi. (At present it is an
almost obliterated ruin.) The records place
this at 1692, and further on state that "at
the end of 1694 two missions had just been
established as far north as the Gila River
and all the others were in a prosperous
condition." '[
From this, several eminent authorities
conclude that Tumacacori must have, al- j
ready been in existence, particularly as it
was in the heart of the country where the
Indians lived who had asked for missions
in the first place. It is known that there
was no resident priest at any of the new
• missions before tne year 1*720, but there
are baptismal records of visiting priests to
show that Tumacacori must have been in
existence many years at this time.
From 1720 to 1767 the records show that
Tumacacori passed through many severe
trials. The worst of these was a revolt of
the converted Pimas and Ceris Indians
that broke out in 1751 and lasted over two
years. Many of the priests were killed,
and the others forced to leave the country.
A number of the smaller missions were
laid in ruins and never re-established.
In 1754 this revolt was over and the In
dians returned to the missions and begged
the priests to come back. All of the
churches that had survived were found in
a deplorable condition. Tumacacori had
suffered less than many of the others, but
it took the priests many years to put it in
its old condition. When they felt that the
worst of their hard work was over the
edict came from Spain in 1767 expelling all
Jesuit missionaries from the country.
For three years there were no mission
aries at any of the churches, although the
Indians are said to have kept up their re
ligious devotions to a certain extent and
given some care to the sacred edifices. In
1769 twelve Franciscan priests came to the
district of. Sonora. As there were over
thirty missions each priest had to look
after several cnurches.
Rev. Francis Garcez was assigned to San
Xaxier, twenty miles to the north, and he
occasionally performed services in Tuma- 1
cacori. " But tnis edifice never became of
its old importance for a great many years.
About 1796 it was in its"glory. Every in
jured portion nad been repaired, and the
interior was highly decorated. There were !
plenty of priests in the country by this j
time, and Tumacacori is said to have had j
ten of them. The entire surrounding coun
try was prosperous, and the Indians consid- I
ered nothing too good to lay on the altars, j
In 1710 the cry of independence was i
heard in New Spain, and as a consequence
the missions began to suffer for lack of i
money. Things went from bad to worse '■■
and reached a. climax in 1827, when the j
fall of the Colonial Government in I
Mexico compelled most of the missions
to be .abandoned. A few secular priests
visited Tumacacori from time to time, but
most of tnem were killed by the Apaches,
who also did considerable damage to the
mission. There are no official records of i
the church after 1827, since which time it I . ,
has been going to ruin. { bricks and to a certain extent forced them
Tumacacori mission was practically un- apart. But the wall shows no disposition
known to. the civilized world until 1855, in to crack. In another place a lot of Apache
which year Major Emory or the first Mcxi- spears are driven into the masonry so
can boundary commission discovered it deep that they could not be dislodged
and reported it to the Government. His without the use of tools,
letter stated that -at the time there The nearest inhabitant to Tumacacori
were three German families living in the mission is seven miles away. The Indians
old church. They could scarcely speak that formerly lived near tne mission have
English and were unable to tell how they all been killed by the Apaches, and their
managed to get to that part of the world. I old houses have Jong since vanished.
They Bald it was their intention, to make
their homes in the locality, but the
chances are they were killed by the
Apaches, who made numerous raids in the
years that followed. -
Just to whom Tumacacori' mission 1 be
longs to is a . matter the Supreme Court
will soon decide. In 1830 all abandoned
church lands in Mexico were secularized.
Tumacacori was considered. on: . Govern
ment property and given in a grant to the
grandfather of James Ainsa,- who at pres
ent resides in this City. According to the
treaty with Mexico the laud should be
long to the heirs of the man to whom it
was given. But there are numerous legal
technicalities that have not been complied
with, so the chances are the Supreme
Court will declare it Government land and
open to settlement under the desert land
act.-'-- ' •
xt is to be hoped, however, that the Gov-
ernment will see fit to make a reservation
oi a certain amount of land around Tuma
cacori, and at least try to preserve the old
mission. • . *[
Probably less than twenty-five people
visit lumacacori each year, and yet it is
one of the most interesting ruins in the
■world. - It is located in a dry and barren
spot, surrounded by mountains |on all
sides. The nearest water is in the Santa
Cruz River, but that is now four miles
away, so the chances are that it has
changed its course or that there was some
so of a spring close to the church in the
old days. There is no veeetation for miles,
except the natural growth of the desert.
It is a difficult matter to tell just how
large the mission building was originally.
Many of the additions were built of adobe,
and they have long since been melted by
the rains. The portion of the struc
ture, at present standing is built of
stone and burned brick, stuccoed with
a peculiar cement that has baffled
all efforts to find it in the United
States. Nobody knows what it is
and the Indians have forgotten how it was
made, if they ever knew. The . chances
are that it was the receipt of one of the
fathers. The mission building is about
125 feet longfand extends in a direction
from north to south. It appears to have
been made in three parts, as it is divided
that way and each is of a different style of
architecture. The northern portion is a
splendid piece of architecture.
It is built on to the main building in" the
form of an L, and is about 30 feet wide by 75
feet long. The most interesting part of it
is a dome that is built of bricks and covers
the center of the edifice. In spite of its
great age there is not a crack in it. The
stucco has come off in places, but other
wise it is as good as the day it was built.
There is a little cupola on top of this dome
and a flight of steps leads up to it, but
what they were used for is a mystery.
The center portion of the building is two
storied and appears to have been used for
sleeping apartments. ' At the southern
end of the building there is a tower about
forty feet high. It is in the', Florentine
style of architecture and was most likely
used as a belfry. From a careful examin
ation it would seem that this tower was
the work of the Franciscan monks and the
other part the work of the Jesuits. From
an architectural standpoint the building is
beautifully proportioned and the different
forms all harmonize perfectly.
There is', little left of the', interior of the
old church except the walls. All of the
roofs that were originally of wood have
long ago fallen in and filled the room*"
with debris. Several unusual things can
be. seen about the roof of the northern por
tion, which is really an enormous arch.
On the edge of a wall a tree has taken root.
It has sent its tendrils down between the
DOME AT NORTHERN END OF TUMACACORI ; MISSION.
[From a photograph.],.
THE NATIONAL LIBBAEY. LISBON.
Where Many Literary Treasures Are
Deposited. -
After 4 traversing several corridors and
mounting two or three flights of stone
stairs we gain access to the chambers' in
which the rarer books and manuscripts
are preserved. . .■-.'.-'■»'
Below all is life and bustle, but here
reign soiitude aud silence. ?In the ; three
months during which I. frequented •this
library the visits of students were few and
far between. Occasionally a few fidalgos
might be seen consulting the genealogical
and ; heraldic records of the Nobreza
Portugueza (in which the library
is ' very rich) or ,an . ecclesiastic
THE SAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
-poring over :a ' . ponderous " tome;
but such sights are rare. At no time did
I see anything like systematic study. Al
lowance must, as above, be made for the
languor of the summer season ; something,
too, must be said about the inconvenience
of the hours. The library is not opened
until noon, and is closed at 4 o'clock;
thus the precious hours of morning light
are lost, and when it is recollected that in
hot countries ; the chief meal always oc
curs in the middle of the day, it will be ad
mitted that . only severer students can be
expected . to avail themselves of the full
time permissible. . It is true that the pop
ular reading-room is opened again for two
or three hours at 8 p. m., but it is evidently
undesirable : that the j upper chambers
should be illuminated by artificial light.
A minor inconvenience is caused by the
uncertainty whether the library will on
any particular day be open or "not. For
instance, on the occasion of a State funeral
or a royal birthday it is irritating to the
foreigner to find in locked doors the first
intimation that he must r intermit his
studies for the day. Another slight incon
venience may be mentioned. As I said
above, the Bibliotheca occupies a portion
only of the convent; the rest of the build
ing is a police station, and beneath some
of the reading-rooms are the cells or cages
in which malefactors are confined when
awaiting their trial. As is well known;
the Portuguese . have the peculiar custom
of keeping their prisoners as it were in
public, and free access of iriends and foes
is permitted. Thus lively scenes are wit
nessed from the windows, and strange
noises arise from below which are out of
harmony with the traditions of the build
ing and distracting to the most diligent
reader. The Academy.
VALUE OP JEWELS.
An Interesting Address Delivered In
St. Louis.
Goodman King delivered a lecture on
"The Value of Jewels" before the Young
Women's Self-culture Club, says the St.
Louis Globe-Democrat. Mr. King dealt
with his theme from two points of view,
the artistic and sentimental and the purely
commercial, the latter, however, being
given only a secondary place. Prom the
remotest ages of antiquity, he said, jewels
had been highly prized, not only their
intrinsic value and their usefulness for
ornamentation, but because they were sup
posed to possess magical virtues, which as
sured their wearers against dangers and
evils of every nature. Thus various stones
were assigned to different months of the
year, so that those who wore the stone
dedicated to the month in which they
were born were supposed to be guaranteed
from danger by this magical influence.
For the month of January the garnet was
used, signifying constancy; for February
the amethyst, signifying contentment; for
March the bloodstone, signifying courage;
for April the diamond, signifying inno
cence ; for May the emerald, signifying suc
cess in love ; lor June the pearl, signify
ing purity; for August the moonstone, for
conjugal felicity ; for September the sap
phire, as a preventive of evil; for October
the opal, representing hope; for Novem
ber the topaz, representing fidelity of
friendship: for December the turquoise,
representing a prosperous life.
Tracing -the existence of jewels to the
very remotest time by sacred and profane
history. Mr. King declared that we of to
day came by natural right and its heritage
to a love of jewels. That love was not due
simply to a vulgar taste, as cynics, with re
finement and cultivation dead within them
would have us believe, for it served a wise
purpose, by cultivating that love of the
beautiful planted ir. us by nature in what
ever form. nature has seen fit to produce
it. Among the owners of the most famous
pearls in the world came, first the Shah of
Persia. He possessed one called the Haver
nien, taking its title from a French jeweler.
Its value is estimated at $650,"X>0. The
Empress of Germany was the owner of a
necklace of thirty-two .pearls, valued at
$125,000. Queen Victoria* also- owned an
exquisite necklace of pink pearls, valued at
$80,000. The most famous pearl necklace
in the United States was that . which be
longed to the Vanderbilts, given as a bridal
giit to the young Duchess of , Marborough
on the occasion of her recent marriage. It
was over three yards long, and was made
up of single pearls, each costing not less than j
$10,000, the total value beine estimated at i
$1,500,000.. The Queen of Italy was some- |
times called the Queen of Pearls, because j
of her passionate fondness for those em
blems of purity. Every year her husband
presents her with a necklace composed of
them as an anniversary gift.
The Dowager Empress of Russia, as
well as the Rothschild family, was the
possessor of a magnificent collection of
pearls more valuable than those which i
had been mentioned. The largest diamond I
in the world was said to be the Braganza. |
It belonged to the King of Portugal, and it
is said weighed 1680 carats, but it has never \
been cut, being in the original state in j
which it had been found, and grave doubts !
| had been raised: as to whether it was
really a genuine diamond or not. The
; next largest was called ; the "Jagersfon
tein," which was found a few years ago in
Africa. It weighed nearly 971 carats. It
was valued, in its present rough state, at
$2,000,000. xlt was presented by the dia
mond company by ,which it was discovered
to the Pope, and is now among the. treas
ures of the "Vatican. The "Grand Mogul"
was the next largest. : It had been found
in the year 1650 at the i Golconda mine, in
India. " It weighed 707 carats, but was re
duced in cutting to 480. The "Kohinoor,"
or "Mountain of Light,'! as the, word was
j translated, was the most famous of Eng
land's jewels,' and Y was one of ; the , most
I beautiful jewels in the world. It weighed,
j when brought to '. England. 186 1-16 carats.
: It arrived in England in' 1850 and was pre
sented to the Queen, and two years later
it was recut, the Duke of Wellington start-'
ing the cutting-wheel.' It was .valued, at
$7,000,000. It was generally supposed that
it occupied a place in the crown of jewels
of the •Queen,-*,', which occupies a place in
j the jewel treasury of the , London Tower.
As a matter of fact, however, it had been
replaced by an imitation, the Queen keep
ing the original in her possession.
Mount Pilatua, in the Alps, is 9050 feet
high.
BACK FROM NEW GUINEA
Wilhelm Ahrens' Story of the
Exploration of the River
Augusta. ■
WOMEN, PIGS AND DOGS RAN.
The Savages Had Never Before Seen
a European and Thought the
White Would Rub Off.
Wilhelm Ahrens, who has been explor
ing for two years in the unknown wilds of
German New Guinea, is at the Occidental:
He had some remarkable experiences.
Mr. Ahrens, who had recently arrived
Wilhelm Ahrens, One of the Explorers of the River Augusta and Other Wild
Parts of German New.Guinea,. Who Has Arrived Here. "
[Sketched from life by a "Call", artist.] : .-
from Germany, went with Governor yon
Schleinitz of British New Guinea, in the
700-ton steamer Isabel,. owned by the New
Guinea Company. , ,* , ,7,
They had a party of fifteen men aboard,
and collected a large quantity of the arms
of the strange, natives. The exploring
party was outfitted ' by the New. Guinea
Company, which possesses a sort of char
ter to the island.
j Their explorations were -in part along
the Augusta River, the great waterway of.
German New Guinea. The story of dan
ger and death which he and others expe
rienced during these explorations has
barely been . hinted at hitherto. . It is a
story of deep interest.
"There had never been a boat on the
River Augusta before, aside from the
canoes of the savages," said Mr. Ahrens
yesterday. "We went up the river for a
distance of 250 miles, and for the entire
distance we found it could be navigated
by a steamer carrying 12 feet of water.
"In a great many places along the river
the natives came forth armed with spears.
They are tall and rather fine-looking
people, being superior to those in the in
habited portions of German New Guinea,
as also to those of New Ireland and else
where that I have visited. Their hair is
very thick, kinky and black. They were
a very bold people, and when they saw us
they thronged the banks and endeavored
to throw their spears through the boat.
We had to keep our distance. -V *•-£■?
"They had never seen any I white men
and did not know what to make of them.
I soon found out they disliked white men,
for though we were able to establish cer
tain friendly relations with them in a good
many instances, and prevailed on them to
come in their canoes and bring their wild
fruit and curiosities to us, the moment our
backs were turned we were liable to be
speared. I saw this done in several in
stances. On* of the sailors had ventured !
with the chief a few yards into the inte- !
rior. The chief and a native were appar- j
ently very friendly with him, but he had
scarcely turned to leave them when the
chief himself speared. him through the '
shoulder and then ran away. -
"I found they were a very curious peo
ple. lam very light-complexioned by na
ture, and my hair, as you see. is nearly
white. It was always so. Well, these J
black barbarians did not know what to i
make of me. They swarmed around and'
touched me on the face, and hands, and I
tried to. rub off the white. They did this
with the others, too, and the most puzzled
expressions came over their feces when'
they found that the color stuck.
"The spearmen are so expert that I have
seen them take their spears, which . are
some twelve to fifteen feet long, and throw
them through the hard root of a tree. I
have also seen them spear a small bird a
long distance away in the trees. All * the
islands are full of birds. There are wonder
ful white' cockatoos and paradise birds
without number and of the most exquisite
plumage to be imagined. The birds, I may
say, have become so much in demand by
ornithologists that- the New Guinea Com
pany charges $250 for a permit to hunt
them. I saw five kinds of the -paradise
bird there. ■ - ,
"The Augusta River in many parts, in
fact nearly its whole length, is lull of alli
gators, and a peculiar thing about the
natives is that they never kill any of them.
It is a superstition with them that if one
them is: killed ruin come to him
who did it, so though the alligators kill
plenty of {he natives, it never occurs to
them in their superstition to kill them. "
"We had aboard the Isabel • two magnifi
cent Danish dogs. One day I was crossing'
from the steamer to \ the shore in a boat,
and. the two dogs were swimming, when
an alligator rose up and ' kill ,d one of the
dogs before my eyes. The ether dog was
pursued, too. but he manage to get away/
The ; dog 'that was killed was a very fine
animal, of - great rvalue, and we would not
have parted with him for a great deal. -
"One of > our i main ideas, in addition to
finding if there was gold up the river, was
to collect all the curiosities* we could of
j the natives, such as the different kinds of
weapon , necklaces', ■ bracelets, - earrings
and, in fact, everything they had that
would illustrate the habits of < these wild
people. y 7)
"Now it may seem singular : to you, but
do you know that we were able to get
everything : we wanted i for the 7 merest
trifles that in one way or another had been
collected about the ship? We bought their
bows, spears and earrings, their clothing
of bark manufacture, and skins of animals
which they ; had, and' everything «of that
kind, and paid them in empty beer bot
tles. And finally, seeing that our stock of
beer bottles was: running short, we broke
them up and merely used pieces of them
to buy what swe wanted. These pieces of
glass were seized upon with the greatest
avidity by the natives, and treasured by
them as a European would treasure the
Kohinoor diamond. '
"But their astonishment was greater and
our interest certainly none the less, when
finally they gazed Into the large mirrors
aboard the Isabel. They looked, cried out
and ran away, their astonishment being
something which nobody 'could ex
press. We took along some hatchets
and knives and things ;of that; kind,
not especially to trade, in fact we had
intended to do notning of the sort,
our idea being simply to explore,
but these were priceless to the' natives.
Wherever they could get a hatchet^ or
a tomahawk their eyes sparkled and
they could not have been more pleased, no
matter what we gave them. The fact is
I think the high chief would have been
willing to give half the island he supposed
he owned for one good tomahawk.
. "-We found the natives had no money of
any kind and no gold or silver appeared
among them in any form. I don't doubt
there is gold there, because the forma
tion of the mountain shows that; you can
see quartz everywhere and the sands of
the river have. the appearance of being
alluvial. We secured spears, bows and
arrows arm-rings made of pearl shells
and tortoise and turtle shells in large num
bers. The natives have a habit of dis
tending • the lobe of the ear until it
gets so large that you can put your fist
through it.
"Undoubtedly all the people up this
river are cannibals. We saw the strongest
evidence of that in the character of the
vessels used by them at their cannibal
feasts. The natives appeared not to kill
each other — that is, the natives of the
same tribe did not do so— but in the wars
with other tribes persons that they gained
possession of as prisoners of war were sac
rificed in this way. We steamed the Isabel
during the day and at night we dropped
our anchor in the stream. We always had
at least four men on guard, for it would
not do in a , country like that for us all to
lie down and go to sleep; the natives
would be out in their canoes directly,
swarming aboard the ship, and this would
simply mean death to everybody aboard.
"We found all kinds of country in going
250 miles. There were great level stretches
of beautiful valley, and there were frown
ing banks - and "rugged mountains, but
on none of the mountains did, we see
any snow. It was a hot, tropical
country, with , all kinds of tropical trees
and tropical fruits incident, to a country of
this kind. I also found out that there
were volcanoes in the country, for while
we were out there was a mountain which
threw forth lava and ashes till the waves
rolled high and: in some cases swept over
the low-islands near, the mouth of the
river. • It was at this time that the steamer
Otilie of the New Guinea Company was
out also on an exploring trip. Aboard
of her was Mr. yon Below, who . had
been for years an explorer, and Mr. Huhn
stein, a very rich man and an experienced
explorer, who had been all over the Aus- ,
tralian colonies and secured a fine col
lection of ornithological specimens. They
were in command of the expedition and
had sixty men with them. All were
killed by the overflow of lava, with the ex
ception of three of them, natives of New
Ireland, who were found some time after
ward at sea on a log. They had been sent
from the steamer Otilie a lew miles in the
interior .to * try and get some water. : Thi£
volcano was on one .of ' the little-known
islands off • the coast of German New
Guinea. .
v "Nearly everywhere we went we saw an
abundance of wild pigs. The wild pigs in
many . parts of the country have been do
mesticated; so that they are right around
the j houses. This leads me to the state
ment, of a singular thing. g The moment
that any white man ventures to the cabins
of the natives immediately the women,
pigs and dogs vanish instantly. Where
they go to nobody knows, but you won't
see one around as long as a white man is
there. Among other wild animals besides
the pigs are the wallabies. The air is full
of flying foxes. They are not a bat nor a
vampire; neither! are they the chipmunk
or flying squirrel, which I understand you
have in this country: They are dark brown
in color, having bodies eight inches long
and with fur something like a fox. When
their wings are distended they look very
large. if you shoot at one likely enougn
you will kill five, so thick is the air with
them. XX X:.-.::-.: 7.-7 '-';."■• •i"
* "The ; natives of New Guinea that : are
half-tamed are very hospitable. I had an
; instance Vofs this '■*. ins visiting, the Tami
Islands, X. fifteen miles : east of Finsch
Hafen. r Each; native [ householder - keeps
an- extra house for; his guests, a big, fine
house,' and you walk in there and you own
it. , ' On \ the 7. occasion ■'-, I ; speak ;of . ; they
brought us all kinds '■ of fruit,' and; treated
us in the most considerate manner."
TO THWART THE FROST.
Valuable Suggestions and Data in
the United States Weather ■
Bureau.
WATER USED AS A PREVENTIVE
Advice as to the Best Locations in
Which to Plant Fruits and
Other Crops.
In view of the fact that the climate of
California has varied somewhat from the
normal in the beginning of the present
year, a discussion has arisen among agri
culturists and business men as to the pros
pects for the fruit, grain and. wine crops
this year.
On the subject of the condition and prob
able outcome of the fruit crop very reliable
and extensive data have been gathered
and are on file at the Weather Bureau in
this City. . From these data many inter
esting facts may be collated. For instance,
the month of February of the present year
is distinguished as being the warmest of
any ever recorded in this State. The first
three days in March were signalized by
heavy frosts, which caused great disaster
throughout the State. .."..".
While the temperature of February aver-*
aged five degrees Fahrenheit above the
normal, April is averaging five degrees
below the normal, and within the past
week four frosts have occurred throughout
the State, which will undoubtedly prove
disastrous to the crops, the favorable en
vironments for an early harvest having
been obliterated by the low temperatures
following the February warm spell. "'">
The State seems to have taken a wrong
stand with reference to the storm center,
and instead of the usual April heat there
have been coid showers from the north
west, with hailstorms and local frosts.
But the reports of damage by frosts in
March were, generally speaking, exaggera
tions, and there is reason to suppose that
while the weather of April will greatly
diminish productiveness, fruit, by reason
of its limited quantity, will command a
higher price than when plentiful. The
result of the frosts upon the navel oranges
will illustrate this idea. Early in the sea
son estimates of the crop varied from
8000 to 10,000 carloads, but the total ship
ment reached only 5437. Now, while the
loss of several thousand.carloads was occa
sioned by frosts, the orange crop this sea
son brought a better price than it did dur
ing the past, five years. At the present
time advice given by W. H. Hammon,
forecast official of the Weather Bureau,
who has the welfare of the agriculturists
of California especially in mind, will
prove of value. He gives information as
to the best locations where orchards or
gardens will be the least liable to injury by
frosts. He directs to avoid as far as pos
sible placing the tenderest plants on low
ground, especially on the bottoms of nar
row valleys with high hills on both sides.
In addition to the loss of their own heat
by radiation these valleys will become
filled on frosty nights with the air which
has been cooled by the rapid radiation on
the slopes and has then flowed downward
into the bottoms. Bottom lands opposite
i the mouths of canyons should be espe-
I cially avoided for the same reason. _«*
The converse of this is true that plants
on gentle slopes are less liable to injury
than bottom lands. % Slopes ' facing the
south are preferable to northern slopes,
because they receive j the rays of the sun
more directly and for a longer period dur
ing the day. Slopes facing the west are to
be preferred to those with an eastern ex
posure, since they receive heat longer in
the afternoon, and being shaded for a time
in the morning from the direct rays of the
sun the slower disappearance of the frost
seems to cause it to be less injurious. , The
fact that frosted plants are more seriously
injured by being suddenly warmed in the
dry air than when the frost disappears
gradually seems well established.
Localities that can be easily flooded for
the purpose of protection are to be pre
ferred to dry sections of otherwise similar
location, for the evaporation of the moist
ure of the soil on dry, cold nights will tend
to raise the dew point of the air, and this
diminishes the probability of frost.
The. irrigation of the hillsides about a
valley in which protection is desired and
the growing thereon of plants : or trees
with a. large quantity of loliage will -by,
the evaporation from the soil and verdure
tend to raise the dew point of the surface
air as it flows downward ! into the valley.
When the dew point is thus raised to 32
degrees the probability of frost is annulled.
in places .where " irrigation can be prac
ticed it will be found of great value as a
preventive. : Let the water be turned on
until the ground in thoroughly moistened.
The § evaporation of the water from the
damp soil will tend to raise the dew point.
Since evaporation I takes place near the
surface this method is especially valuable
in protecting low plants and shrubs, and
has also been found very valuable in pro
tecting citrus groves from freezing weather.
The irrigating should be done at as early
an hour as possible, preferably on the day
preceding the night when a frost is ex
pected, and the .round kept thoroughly
wet until all danger is passed. . A modi
fied form of protection which is valuable
in orchards is to . spray the trees with
water. This plan Jis probably more valu
able than the other in protecting citrus
and other plants which^are. not injured
until the temperature has j fallen several
degrees below the freezing point, for in
these cases the water will tend to freeze
before the fruit is injured, and in freezing
will make sensible a large quantity of heat,
thus preventing further cooling of the air
For the method to be successful the spray
ing must be continued until the tempera
ture rises. ' ,
"JOHNNY ON THE . SPOT."
A New Phrase Which Has Become Very
7T7'xM Popular in Town Nowadays. •"?£;• i.;**,
Current additions to contemporary slang
find their; way into popularity by odd
means. An : expression once made and
often repeated gets finally a sort of vogue,
especially if it seems peculiar. Such an
expression, popular for a long time was
"out of sight," though there was no es
pecial significance to the phrase when
distorted to cover a variety of cases.
A person was said to be "out of sight"
when, for any reason, he. or- she was
superior to other persons in . any par
ticular, and a man might be "out of sight"
because he was less well dressed than his
poorly . attired associates, and a woman
was said to be "out of sight" because her
apparel was a good deal brighter and more
stylish -than, that of her associates.; Simi
larly the word "nit," recently so . popular,
has been swerved from; its original mean
ing to serve many other purposes. It is of
German-American origin, being a corrup
tion of "'nicht," and among Germans it is
not an unusual thing to state an affirma
tive proposition by first stating the prop
osition and then adding the word "nicht.'.
The grammatical genesis of "Johnny on
the spot" cannot ■ be traced very clearly,
but _ the ' . phrase '• certainly originated
from the longer and less expressive one,
"Johnny ' is ";.- always ■•. on : the & spot when
wanted." A "Johnny on the spot" is a
i man or youth who may be relied upon to
be at a certain stated place - when wanted
and on whose assured appearance confi
dent expectation may be based; It is not
sufficient that an alert and trustworthy
individual, to be thought deserving of the
name "Johnny on the .spot," should re
strict his beneficent activity to the matter
of being at a certain place when needed.
i He must, in addition, render such serv
ice and attend to such business when there
as the occasion may require, and such a
"Johnny" must be on the spot not merely
to attend to < the business of others, but
also to look after his , own., Hence an in
dividual who is prompt and farseeing,
alive to his own interests and keenly sen
sible of means for promoting his own ad
vantage, is a "Johnny on the spot." The
expression is, to some extent, a variation
or rather a continuation of that other
phrase, "he gets there." .
The expression, "Johnny on the spot,"
has come into popularity very suddenly,
and it will probably go out of popularity
after some pretty hard usage in paragraph
ers' columns, variety theaters, campaign
speeches and cheap plays, in an equally
unconventional way, but until a successor
is found it is likely to be in pretty general
use hereabouts. New York Sun.
A GRAND WATERFALL.
The Rains Hare 31iul.> the One in Red-
wood Canyon a Magnificent Sight.
A party of scientists a few days ago
visited the head of. Redwood Canyon, on
the west side of Mount Tamalpais, and
were surprised and delighted at the mag
nificent appearance of the waterfall there.
Just at present it is a difficult matter to
reach the spot on account of the havoc
wrought to the trails by the recent storms.
But it is the storms that have made the
waterfall the most beautiful to be found
within several hundred miles.
The stream that has its source in Red-
Upper. Portion of Waterfall in Redwood
Canyon as It Appears When Swollen
by the Rains.
[From a pliotograph.]
wood Canyon has naturally a small water
shed. This causes the waterfall to shrink
almost to a thread during the summer
season, when it is easy for visitors to reach
the locality. But it is always, beautiful,
no matter when it is seen. From the
place where the water becomes the small
brook and plunges' over the rocks to the
bottom of the canyon is at least 100 feet.
There are a number of ledges in the first
twenty-five feet of the descent, and in the
warm season there is a pool of clear crystal
water in each that reflects the dark rocks
that form walls on both side of the ravine.
For the summer it is a peaceful spot, and
the water murmurs so gently it can
scarcely be heard.
To go to the place now one would scarce
ly recognize it. What was a small .brook
is now a raging torrent several feet deep,
with the water surging and foaming as it
rushes through the narrow opening at the
head of the precipice. It reaches the first
ledge in almost a solid stream and rushes
over with scarcely a ripple. At the second
ledge there is a pool several feet deep, and
the water pours into this with a loud roar
and churns itself into clouds of spray.
The rest of the descent is a series of wild
plurges from ledge to ledge until about
sixty feet down where there is a sheer drop
of forty feet to the bottom. The water
falls into a large pool filled with bowlders,
and its roar can be heard for miles. . .
The Accompanying picture shows only
the highest thirty feet of the waterfall.
The lower portion "is grander,' but it- was
impossible to obtain a photograph of it. '
Residing with her mother and brothers
and sisters in , the, town of Caledonia, not
far from' Portage, Wisconsin, is a girl of
17 who weighs 435 pounds. She is only
middle" height, comely of countenance,
apparently healthy and wonderfully ac
tive, everything considered. Her name is
Caroline Drown. None of the other mem
bers ot the family is of unusual weight or
size. :;-'"V':v *..:.: ...
The large bunch of feathers growing on
the head of tho owl are. not in any sense
ears. i ■-.- ■.'.'.' ....'.■■■ .: • ■. ■ ; . ■
MEW TO-DAT/i .ii
■ - -.- -. - "' 9 - -■ : "
Your Doctor will tell
you that Cod-liver Oil
will make better, richer
blood, bring back color :
to your cheeks and put
on flesh where health
demands it; that Hy-
pophosphites tone up
the nervous system,
relieve exhaustion and
permit healthy activity
of tr*nd* To obtain
these results he will tell
you that you must be
sure to get Scott's
Emulsion, which con-
tains the purest Cod-
liver Oil and the largest
amount of Hypophos-
phites happily united by
its own peculiar process
and producing results
which no other Emul-
sion can promise*
1920
SOCIETY
[Communications intended for this column
must reach this office not later than Thurs
day.)
fc— if-^HE past week, socially speaking,
I has been dull — unmistakably
dull— and without any apparent
has been dull — unmistakably
dull— and without any apparent
.JL cause why this should be bo.
The summer exodus has not
yet begun; the southern festivities have
not exactly appealed to the younger so
ciety set. Of course, many prominent San
Franciscans have been present at the
crowning of the fiesta queens, but there
are enough society people left in town to
have made things merrier and brighter.
The Williams engagement con
tinues to be the all-absorbing topic of so
ciety. No wedding of late years has at
tracted such wide attention as the nup
tials of the youthful millionaire and the
fair young Californienne.
The Eastern press is absorbingly inter
ested and every item of information con
cerning the happy young couple is eagerly
seized upon.
That the wedding is to be so very quiet
is really deplorable. Hosts of friends
counted upon a church wedding, which at
least would have afforded them a glimpse
of the handsome bride. But this is not to
be. At first it was expected that the cere
mony would have to be performed at the
bedside of the bride's mother, who for the
past sixteen years has been a confirmed
invalid. But Mrs. Williams' health has
so much improved during the past few
months that the possibility of her being
able to come downstairs is now an estab
lished fact.
However, only the immediate relatives
of both the high contracting parties will
witness the ceremony. Harry Stetson is
to be the best man and Miss Juliet Wil
liams maid of honor.
There will be neither ushers nor brides
maids.
Immediately after the ceremony the
young couple leave for Europe, to be ab
sent for an indefinite period. Much inter
est naturally is being manifested in the
bride's trousseau, and it is to Miss Williams'
credit to say that no European workshop
is to be patronized.
There have been a number of arrivals and
departures during the past week.
Mrs. Mclver, wife of Lieutenant Mclver,
U. S. A., is here from Fort Logan, Colo.,
on a visit to her parents, Colonel and Mrs.
Smedberg. Some three seasons ago Mrs.
Mclver was a popular society belle, and it is
not probable that her old friends will allow
her stay here to be uneventful and uninter
esting. Several entertainments are to be
given in her honor. ->",*' :
Mr. Grace, son of ex-Mayor Grace of New
York, has returned to his Eastern home
after a brief but enjoyable visit. Much to
make his stay pleasant was done by Mrs.
Downey Harvey, Mrs. Frank Sullivan and
J. D. Phelan.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutcheon are busy
preparing for their Eastern and European
visit. They leave the first week in June
and will go direct to Paris, where they
will meet Mr. and Mrs. Schmied.ll.
Mrs. Woolworth and Miss Helen Wool
worth are among the many who have de
cided to spend the summer abroad. They
are at present in New York, and sail on
Thursday next on the Teutonic.
Miss Ida Irwin, who visited the Dimonds
for several months last year, was married
to Daniel Leonard Barnes last week at the
home of her father, Colonel B. J. D. Irwin,
U. S. A., on Cedar street, Chicago. The
affair was one of the brilliant military
weddings of the Easter season in Chicago.
After the ceremony the young couple left
for Europe. The groom is a wealthy resi
dent of Chicago, where Mr. and Mrs.
Barnes will reside on their return from
Europe.
Quite a number of theater parties are
forming for the opening on Monday even
ing next at the Columbia Theater of the
Rivarde concerts. The advance sale of
seats indicates as large and brilliant au
diences as those that attended the Materna
and Ondricek concerts. There is much
interest centered in the first appearance of
William H. Keith, the young California
barytone, who was so successful in Ger
many and England.
At her elegant home on the corner of
Washington and Franklin streets Mrs. L.
L.Baker entertained about sixty of the
young friends of her nephews and nieces
Friday afternoon. The house was beauti
fully and appropriately decorated, and the
hostess was assisted in receiving and en
tertaining by Mrs. Frank Stone, Mrs. Bert
Stone, Mrs. Charles Stone and other ladies.
At 6 o'clock a tempting supper was served
the guests, and the festivities kept up for
a couple of hours afterward. ■ ■
A pretty wedding on Wednesday will be
that of Miss Belle Cohen and Ernest
Brandt, to be celebrated at noon at the
residence the bride's uncle, M. H. de
Young, 1919 California street. Only rela
tives and a few intimate friends will be
present.
Miss Cohen is a very charming young
woman, talented and accomplished. She
has been "educated abroad and is especially
gifted as a linguist and musician. Mr.
Brandt is the resident representative of a
large English mining syndicate.
Unusual interest is beinc manifested in
the forthcoming poio match between the
.Riverside and Burlingame polo teams,
which takes place on Saturday afternoon,
May 19, at Burlingame. Elaborate prepara
tions will be made for the ' comfortable
transportation of the guests. Trains will
leave the Third and Townsend street
station at 1:45 and return at 5:30.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
A Number of Weddings to Be Celebrated in
the Near Future.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Loupe announce the
engagement of their daughter, Selina E., to
Mr. Theodore Goodman. .They will be at home
on Sunday and Thursday, April 26 and 29
1428 Geary street. " '
The engagement is announced of Miss
Fannie Aaron, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
D. Aaron of this City, ■ to Abe L. Brown of'
Marysville, Cal. 'They will receive on Sun
day, May 10. from 2 to 5 p. m., at 626 Golden
Gate avenue. . '
The nuptials ot Miss Aimee E. Woodworth,
daughter of Mme. Rose Woodworth, and Mr.
Louis N. Lorey, the well-known newspaper man.
and business manager of the San Francisco
Star, will be solemnized on the 29th inst., at
the residence of the bride's mother, 1706*_
Larkin street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Alice
Gertrude Nolan and Mr. M. E. Carroll.
MUSIOALEB.
Two Interesting Musical Events of the Past
Week.
A very pleasant affair was the at home and
musicale on Thursday evening, April 16,
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. M. T. McKenna on
Eleventh street. Friends from the other side
of the bay as well as from this City crowded
their cozy parlor and were delighted with the
rendering of exceptionally fine music, vocal
as well as instrumental. A bountiful supper
interrupted the eager listeners, after which
music was again in order until a late hour.
The concert given by the San Francisco Con
servatory of Music on Friday evening was a
most enjoyable success. The following pro
gramme was presented and highly appreciated
by the large^audience present:
Two pianos, four bauds Hoist
Edith Forsythe and Aggie Vice.
Violin solo, • 'Kanta-i it" Dancla
Oracle Lynch (Pupil of Professor Herzog).
Piano solo, "Perpetual Motion" Weber
Miss Kate Lynch (first appearance In solo).
Mandolin selections. Hernandez
The Misses H. Dunlap, L. Call, E. Morris,
L. Breen, Mrs. J. Low, C. Bricca
and Mrs. E. Bonelll.
Piano solo, "Revel of the Witches" Hoist
Miss Lillian Clarkson.
Vocal solo Selected
;-—-:.' Slgnor R. Stantlni.
Piano solo, "Rondo Caprlccloso" Mendelssohn
Miss Bessie Robinson.
(a) "Reverie" Brenner
(ft) "Mill of the Valley" Walther
String orchestra.
(Pupils of Professor T. I). nerzog.)
Violins— Miss M. I ouliu, Miss A. Benson, •
Miss M. Walker, Miss G. Lynch, Miss L.
Abeille, Miss _.. Salter; Messrs. Morton,
Eliassen, Lynch, Hum, Osmers, Rooney,
McXevin. Violas— Miss P. Bowers; Messrs.
C. Croganand Max Wiihelmy. Cellos— Miss'
C. McLean, Miss C. Ll art wig and Miss G.
Widder. Conductor, T. D. Herzog.
Piano solo, "Invitation to the Dance". Weber
.Miss Ida Bradley.
Presentation of prize in theory and harmony ex
amination.
Two pianos— four hands Scharwenka
The Misses F. Burke and E. Forsythe.
Recitation Selected
E. J. Holden,
Teacher of elocution and fencing at Conservatory.
Piano solo, "Campanella" Liszt
Miss Florence Burke. .
Concerto, two pianos and string orchestra
Beethoven
The Misses M. Relmers and E. orris.
! Recitation Selected
; William Ryan, pupil of E. J. Holden.
Piano solo Rubinstein
Miss J. Fraser.
Mandolin selection . Romero
Mrs. Low, Misses H. Dunlap, I_ Call, E. Nor
ris, Mr. C. Bricca and Mrs. E. Bonelll.
Two pianos, eight hands Bonelll
Misses G. Campe, C. Leonard, M. Wlndeler
' ;'"•' » nd A. Wlndeler.
MUSICAL RECEPTION.
Captain T. Holds-worth Entertains His Friends
at His Lyon-Street Home.
A pleasant affair was the musicale and recep
i tion which took place at the residence of Cap
i laid T. Holdsworth. 417 Lyon street, on Tues
j day evening, April 21. i The house was
artistically decorated with ferns, palms, roses, '
carnations and smilax. Th c hostess, Mrs.
Holdsworth, was assisted by Mrs. F. E. Dag
gett. The guests were delightfully entertained
with solos, duets, trios, quartets and a number
of instrumental pieces by Professor Ackerman
and Professor Mann and recitations by Miss
Corbett and Miss Parsons. Refreshments were
served, after which the guests indulged in va
rious games of amusement which lasted until
the wee small hours. A bus furnished by Mr.
Fralston conveyed the guests to their respect
ive homes. Those present were: Mrs. M. J.
Gilbert, mother of the hostess, Mr. and Mrs. P.
A. McPherson, Mr. and Mrs. Fraiston, Mr. and
Mrs. F. E. Daggett, Mr. and Mrs. Fleming of
Denver, Colo., Mrs. F. Morgan, Mrs. Eva Hall,
the Misses Etta, Gertrude and Hattie Hall,
Maude Har'eruan, Mr. Corbett, Ella Murphy,
Lillian Parsons, Hattie Peters, Ten Morgan,
Lizzie Mylar, Faye McPherson, Dr. A, P. Mulli
gan, Walter McPherson, F. Cohen, Frank Hall,
Lewis McNoole of Stockton, Professor Mann,
Harry Hudson of Madison, Professor Acker
man and O. Marker.
THE FORTNIGHTLY.
Delightful Meeting of the Popular San Mateo
Literary Club.
The Fortnightly Club of San Mateo held a
very enjoyable meeting last Thursday evening
at the rectory, the home of Rev. J. R. De Wolfe
Cowie. It was known as the Irish evening,
all the literary and musical numbers relating
to Ireland. The melody known as "The Last
Rose of Summer," adapted by Thomas Moore
from the older form, "The Groves of Blarney,"
was sung by Mrs. D. F. Walker in its original
key and as played by the harpers of Ireland.
An original paper dealing at some length with
Irish literature was read by William S. Jack.
This paper concluded with a eulogy of the
writings of Miss Jane Barlow. "Mistress
Prue," a song by J. L. Mallov, was sung by
Mrs. George Wallace. Rev. Mr. Cowie gave an
able and humorous sketch of Irish character
as found on this side the Atlantic. Lady Duf
ferin's ballad, "Katy's Letter," was nicely
sung by Miss Wallace. The secretary gave a
talk on the origin and development of Irish
music, with special reference to the Irish
harp. "Rory O'More',' written and composed
by Samuel Lover at the request of Lady Mor
gan, as a typical Irish song, was rendered with
spirit by Mrs. George Wallace. At meetings in
the near future Rev. George Wallace, who has
just returned from a European tour, will de
tail his experiences, and G. W. Dickie, who is
at present in Japan, will give his Impressions
of affairs across the Pacific.
FOE CHARITY.
Fashionable Concert in Aid of the Newsboys' '
Home.
Society ls Interesting itself in the concert in
aid of the Newsboyf' Home, to bo held on Fri
day evening. May 5, in the Y. M. C. A. audi
torium.
The Newsboys' Home is a charity that re
commends itself to all, and a large and fash
ionable attendance is a foregone conclusion.
The trustees of the worthy Institution are:
Isaac Upham, J. Dalzell Brown, I. J. Trueman
W. M. Bunker and A. C. Stevens.
On the programme for the evening's enter
tainment are: Professor V. A. H. Hoffmeyer,
pianist; San Francisco Mixed Quartet, Millie
Flynn, Lena Carrol Nicholson, Willis E. Bach
eller, Thomas Rickard; Constance Jorden, ac
companist; Louis Finninger, humorist; Pearl
Noble, cornetist; Maud Noble, trombone.
Tickets for the concert will be for sale on and
after Wednesday next at Sherman A Clay's. '•
and also at the Y. M. C. A. - *,
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Charming Entertainments of Popular Social
Organizations. ,"
The semi-monthly party of the Gala Dancing
.Club, in Oakland, took place j last Wednesday
evening, April 22, in Montana | Hall, Adeline
street station. There was a large attendance
and an enjoyable evening was spent by all.
During the evening the lady members of the
club arranged to give a leap-year . party on
Wednesday, April 29, to be held in the same
hall, and cordially invited all the gentlemen
of the club to be present. :.';■ '
d The Verdis gave', their twenty-first party at
Union-square Hall' last Tuesday' evening,
April 21. J. J. Small acted as flopr director,
assisted by W. S. Tabor. On. the reception
committee were George C. Hunz, H. Hendnek
son, Frame J. Williams and J. H. Fowler. 'The
floor committee consisted of John R. Mclsaac,
J. rf _ Griffin, H. A. Hansen and I Nat A. Magner.
The El Dorados, a social organization, gave a
most enjoyable party on Friday evening, April
24, at Union-square HalL It was a most de
■*****"j****T*>rt).fr-*»-rf_.,i_mi - -_j<m ■_■__—■-..___• _■«_ . ......_■ . ' ... _ : V . v
ITHE SAN FRASI CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896;
lightful affair and fully appreciated by the
large audience present.
The entertainment of the Odd Fellows' Lit
erary and Social Committee, which took place
at Odd Fellows' Hall Thursday evening, was a
very enjoyable affair. After the rendition of
the following programme there was dancing
for a couple of hours:
Fancy skirt dance, Misses Maud and Ruth
Adams; orchestral selection by the Students'
orchestra, under the direction of Wilfred G.
Yankee barytone solo, selected, Professor Ay
ton Armitage ; the De Lassaux Company in the
farce "Turn Him Out," with the following cast:
Nicodemus Nobbs, Harry E. de Lassaux; Mack
intosh Moke, Warren King; Eglantine Rfse
leaf, Tom Irwin; Julia, Miss Jessie M. Olsson;
Susie, Miss Lola Meredith.
The Danish Ladies' Relief Society gave a de
lightful entertainment and ball at Saratoga
hall last evening. There was a large and ap
preciative audience present and a most de
lightful evening was spent by all.
Branch No. 19, Catholic Ladies' Aid Society,
gave a most enjoyable "open meeting" on the
13th inst. Their hall was artistically decor
ated for the occasion and filled with their
many friends. A select programme | was well
rendered, after which refreshments were
served and music completed a delightful even
ing. No. 19 is one of the most active of the
many branches of C. L. A. S. XX. -7',
The New Church Young People's League
gave a most enjoyable musical and literary
entertainment in the church parlors on O'Ear
rell street, between Webster and Fillmore,
Friday evening, the 24th inst A large and
appreciative audience was present.
The entertainment and social last Wednes
day evening, given by the Mission Literary
and Social Club was voted a grand success.
The guests began to arrive at 8 P. M. and at
8 :30 there was not a vacant seat in the hall.
The entertainment consisted of several songs
and recitations and concluded with a farce
entitled "The Victims of Matrimony." The
participants were greatly applauded and re
ceived many compliments on the excellence
of the performance. After the entertainment
dancing was inaugurated and continued until
midnight. . r-.xxxx-'xA-x.
The literary and musical programme was as
follows: Recitation, W. G. O'Brien; soprano
solo, Miss Lizzie Schwartz : comic song, Thomas
Lee; comic saying, George Drum; National
quartet by Messrs. W. D. Howe, W. C. Howe,
J. Parrison and M. Paulsen.
In consequence of the success of the Mission
Literary and Social Club the applications for
membership are rapidly increasing and the
limited number will soon be reached. Great
interest is being manifested by the members in
the coming election of officers, etc, and it is
expected it will be well contested. The next
entertainment will be given the latter part of
next month. r , -. v . ■ -■■■
St. Cecilia's Guild, composed of young misses
under 17 years of age, connected with St.
John's Episcopal Church, gave an entertain
ment at the Guild Hall of the church last
Thursday evening. Notwithstanding a pour
ing rain throughout the evening a large at
tendance was present. The hall was hand
somely decorated tor the occasion and several
beautiful booths for the sale of candy, flowers
and fancy articles, the product of their fair
young managers, were well patronized. The
programme was well rendered. It consisted of
a chorus, "Beautiful Blossoms," by the mem
bers of the guild; a violin duet of selections
from "Sonambula," by Misses Blanche South
ack.and Frances Van Reynegom, with Miss
Alice Van Reynegom as accompanist at the
piano; a recitation from "Josiah Allen's Wife,"
by Miss Tina Daly; a piano duet by Miss
Randall and Miss Marsh; recitations by George
Atkinson and Recca Rosen dahl: Arthur
Miller, the principal soloist of St. John's boy
choir, also sang two selections . in a most
creditable manner. - • ;' ■
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Beveral of These Delightfnl Affairs' of the
Past "Week.
Miss Grace Van Drake was the recipient of a
very enjoyable surprise party Monday evening
at her home, 1307 Pacific avenne, Alameda,
the occasion being the anniversary of her
eighteenth birthday.
The evening was pleasantly spent in singing,
games and dancing, and at 10 o'clock all par
took of a delightful repast, after which danc
ing was resumed until the wee sma* hours of
the morning, when the merry guests departed,
wishing their hostess many happy returns of
! the event. 7777.
The spacious parlors were prettily decorated
with palms, ferns and potted flowers, and
around the premises hung numerous Chinese
lanterns. Music was furnished by the Alameda
string band. v; ;
Those present were; The Misses Grace Van
DraKe, Mac Lawrence, Addie Pape, Blanche
Lubbock, Tiny Wells, May Cullen, Ruble Pow
erson, Fanny Cullen, Violet Lubbock, Miss
Chambers; Messrs. Philip G. May, Adam May,
Ed Ganes, W. A. Jefferson, 8. M. Daniels, J.
Wittich, E. Walley, Ed Frier. W. R. Chambers,
W. Evart. Robert Ohea, Walter Ohea, Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Van Drake, Mr. and Mrs. Seiben.
Mr. and Mrs. Osmann, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. Seymore, Mr. and Mrs.
Savage.
A surprise party was given to Miss Georgina
Kirkpatrick at her home, 528 Nineteenth
street, on last Saturday evening, April 18.
The hours were whiled away in singing,
dancing and games, after which refreshments
were served.
Those present were: Miss Kate Lynn, Miss
Lena Lynn, Miss Theresa Lynn, Miss Kate
Welsh, Miss Belle Droit, Miss Lottie Droit, Miss
Genevieve Cory, Miss Christine Binet. Miss A
Binet, Miss Sophie Eberle, Miss Georgina Kil
patrick.MissF. Kilpatrick, Miss Lottie Kretch
mer; Louis B. Solinsky, Paul Kretchmer, Fred
Burgers, Albert Haughton, Arthur Beaver, Ed
gar Van Valkenburg, Clarence A. Lewis, George
Fesker, John Binet, Leonard Burke, Charles
Corcoran, George Laird and many others.
A very pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Sarah O'Donnell at her residence, 1268
Klrkham street, Oakland, Saturday evening,
April 11, by her many friends from San
Francisco and Oakland. The parlors were
gayly decorated for the occasion. Games
and dancing were indulged in until
morning. Among those present were:
J. Reilly, Kramer, Leddy. Goe, Feelev, Daiton,
G. Reilly, Fynn, Bonifeid, Dolan, Bridge, Mc-
Gill, Morris, Costello, Plumbley, Mrs. Murphy,
Mrs. O'Donnell, Mrs. Mulreany, Mrs. Shields,
Mrs. Moffat, Mrs. Gould, Miss S. O'Donnell,
Miss Ogiivie, Miss Nelson, Miss Keating, Miss
Reilly, Miss K. Mulreany, Miss N. Mulreany,
Miss J. Hanley, Miss F. Hanley, Miss N. Han
ley, Miss Johnston and others.
An enjoyable surprise party was tendered to
Mr. and Mrs. John Kaiser in honor of their
silver wedding on April 6 at their residence,
737'_ Union street. Among those present
were: Mrs. J. Messenberg, Mr. and Mrs. Stean,
Mr. and Mrs. Lampe. Mr. and Mrs. Vansleow,
Mr. and Mrs. T Spit-ring, Mrs. Wedeklnd, Mrs.
Reubold, Miss Messenberg, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Maier, Miss E. Reubold, Miss A. Reubold, Miss
A. Kaiser, Miss E. Kaiser, H. Witt, Charles
Kaiser, William Kaiser and Mr. and Mrs. J.
Kaiser. - --.' ~ .
A surprise was tendered Ben W. Hess by a
number of friends Sunday evening, 19th inst., I
at his residence, 120 Ash avenue. Those
present were: Mrs. B. W. Hess, Miss B. Barrow,
Miss Johnson, Miss Rosenthal, tho Misses Lu
boscn, Goldie Zucher, Misses L. D.Erau, the
Misses Pearls, the Misses P. R. Bumner, Mrs.
Rosco, Mrs. West, Mrs. Joseph, Eva Blitz, the
Misses Strouses, Miss Daisy Meek, the Misses
Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs. Carbonett, B. W. L. S.
Hess, J. Bark-nan, Dan Sharday, D. Lewis, Mr.
Goldstein, 8. Hopkins, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Se
wald, Mr. Goldstone, M. L; Reynold, G. Fouzer,
Richard Foot, Mr. Sciilaulser, Mr. Rosco, Mr.
Rosenberg, * Lou Lamber, Mr. Harding, Dr.
Charff, K. Lubosch, Mr. Bonsack.
AN OAKLAND * WEDDING.
Marriage of a Popular Belle and a Saa Diego
. " Merchant.
1 The wedding of Miss Mary Georenia Pope,
one of Oakland's belles, and Charles A. Rossier
of San Diego took place Thursday evening at
the : Church of j the Advent, in East l Oakland.
The bride is popular in Oakland society and is
well known as a member of the Saturday Morn
ing Orchestra. The groom is prominent in
mercantile : ! circles of ' San Diego. _ Bishop
Nichols and Rev. \ Dr. Law officiated
at %■■"'■ the ':> ceremony, which - *' was v per
formed at 8 o'clock. - Miss Caroline Hauxhurst
and Miss Virginia White were the maids -of
honor, George Cramer of Philadelphia acted
as best man, and George Armstrong, Lieuton
ant Bent and Mr. Pollock officiated as ushers.
A reception was held at the Pope residence
after the ceremony and an elaborate supper
served. Mr. and Mrs. Bossier left for the south,
and after visiting the different places of inter
est will take up their home in San Diego.
IN THE FUTURE.
Announcement ; of , Many Delightful- Club
Parties.
The Lorlng Club has sent out invitations for
the fourth concert of the nineteenth season, to
be held at Odd Fellows' Hall, Monday evening,
May 4.
The Golden Gates will give their nineteenth
party at California Hall on Thursday evening,
April 30.
' The Mystics will give their nineteenth even
ing dress party on Tuesday evening, May 12,
at "Native Sons' Hall. Positively no one will
be allowed on the floor not in evening dress.
Invitations must be presented.
The members of the Slavonian N. S. Club
will give a May icecream party Saturday even
ing, May 2, at Alcatraz Hall.
Precita Parlor No. 187, N. S. G. W., has is
sued invitations for a social at Msennerbund
Hall, corner Twenty-fourth street and Potrero
avenue, Tuesday evening, May 5.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 will hold an
entertainment and social at Union-square Hall
Thursday evening, April 30.
_A flower party will be given at California
Hall, 620 Bush street, on Monday evening,
April 27. under the auspices of the California
Cotillon Club.
T_e pupils of Mills College and Seminary
have issued invitations for a rhetorical recital,
under the direction of Mrs. Leila Ellis, Friday
evening, May 18. The following programme
has been prepared for the occasion: :> ;
Scene from "Two Gentlemen of Verona"
(Shakespeare)— Julia, Miss Lilian G. Smith; Lu
cetta, Miss Verne C. Allen; a monologue ar
ranged by Mrs. Ellis, Miss Verne C. Allen;
"Children of the Bonet -Rouge" (Victor Hugo),
Miss Imogene Hawley. Gems from California
poets— (a) "Five Lives," Edmund Sill; (6) "Re
buke," Ina Coolbrith; (c) "The Fortunate
Isles" (Joaquin Miller), Miss Mabel Hollis.
"The Widder Jonsing" (Ruth McEnery Stuart),
Miss Gayle Allen; "Hagar," (anonymous), Miss
Mabelle Gillman. Part second— "Under the
Nooning Tree" (Kate Douglas Wiggln), Miss
Daisy Kimball.
Tuesday evening, April 28, at the Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, a grand per
formance of Clay Greene's beautiful comedy
drama, "Forgiven," will be given on a mag
nificent scale. New scenery has been painted
for this occasion. The cast includes some well
known society people. Dancing will follow
the performance.
Montefiore No. 51, 1. O. B. 8., will give an en
tertainment and social on Tuesday evening,
May 12, at B'nai B'rith Hall. A splendid
musical and literary programme has been pre
pared, and the affair promises to be a most
successful event.
The charming operetta "Widows Bewitched,"
under the direction of Alfred Wilkie, will be
produced at Shattuck Hall, Berkeley, Friday
evening, May 1. The cast is as follows: Marie,
Marquise de Montaubry, Miss Florence Doyen ;
Rose, Countess de Berg, Miss Daisy M. Cressy;
maid, Miss Jennie Turn bull; De Fremont (dis
guised as Professor Parabole), Alfred Wilkie;
D'Albret (disguised as l'Abbe Dufort), Charles
Elliot.
The next party of the Wednesday Night
Cotillon Club will take place on Wednesday
evening next at Mission Opera-hall. The invi
tations have been limited. The cotillon will
be led by Miss Annie Swendson and E. A.
Wegener. Great preparations are being made
for the gathering and some very pretty and
difficult figures will bo executed. It is a leap
year party and the floor and reception com
mittees will be under the management of the
ladies.
PERSONALS.
Rev. James Morrow of Philadelphia, accom
panied by his wife and daughter, is spending
a few weeks with his sister, Mrs. S. W. Cole
man, 2394 Sutter street.
Mrs. N. M. Jacobs and Mrs. Al Jacobs have
moved to 1319 Pacific avenue, Bay station,
Alameda. At home first and third Tuesdays.
Mrs. William Mills Thompson of 1919 Vallejo
street, wife of the secretary and auditor of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, will leave
for Washington, D. C, on the overland express
on Monday evening. She expects to be absent
about two months.
Captain and Mrs. George Wallace have re
moved to the Hotel St. Nicholas.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Elwood Brown of Pacific
avenue have left the City for a short trip to
Tuolumne and Amador counties.
Miss Flora Meyer of 2143 Pine street left to
day for an extended Eastern trip.
Mrs. J. S. Oppenheimer will be at home the
first and third Thursdays of the month at 1301
Pacific avenue, Alameda.
O. M. Paxton of Portland has returned to
Paso Robles. — v »
Mrs. J. M. Garrone and Miss Eleonore R.
Masson left Wednesday for Los Angeles and
after the fiesta they will visit all Southern Cali
fornia in company with Mr. and Mrs. Percival
H. Griffith. In August Miss Masson, in com
pany with her mother, will return to Paris to
resume her studies.
Proiessor G. Sauvlet will pass the next five
months at Belmont. The change ls for the
benefit of the gentleman's health and also for
business purposes.
Dr. and Mrs. Steams have left for a fort
night's visit at Los Angeles.
The United Social Club has removed from
Franklin Hall to California Hall.
The Misses Belle, Ann and Grace Clark have
left for their country place at Santa Clara.
Mr. and Mrs. Sands W. Forman and Miss
Gertrude Forman have returned from their
visit to Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin C. Newell (nee Masten)
will receive on the second and fourth Wednes
days after June 1 at 739 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock are in New
York.
William Grace, son of ex-Mayor Grace of New
York, has returned to his Eastern home after
a brief visit here.
Mrs. Alexander Forbes and family are spend
lug six weeks in Southern California.
Dr. and Mrs.'W. H. Mays are in Los Angeles,
where Dr. Mays is attending the session of the
State Medical Society.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Buckingham are spend
ing a few months at San Mateo.
Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Reinertsen of Milwaukee,
Wis., while on a visit here had the pleasure and
the honor of purchasing the first two pictures
ever sold at the Hopkins Art Institute the day
before the public Bale. The subjects were "A
Landscape Scene Near St. Helena, Napa
County/ by Margaret Bradford, and "Nastur
tiums," by Alice H. Best.
INGRATE.
01 pity those who cannot see
The beautiful In nature, and all those
Who love not violet or budding rose.
Whose soul Is not attuned to chords
And melodies In nature's chorus grand
Of waves that gently ripple o'er the sand—
The song of birds, the musical . ; '.
Soft cadence of the silver drops of rain
Falling so softly on the window-pane;
The moaning wind among the trees,
Whose minor music haunts the singers' brain,
And tells of buried hours in its refrain
The gold and purple of the sun
At evening when It sinks behind the sea
In beautiful and tender mystery.
Unheeded Is the lily-bells'
Soft loveliness of peerless white and gold,
With all Its gleaming beauties manifold ;
A minor chord— a sad refrain-
Brings no emotion to an empty heart;
Devoid of soul, they live and act a part.
O ! give to me the Poet's soul,
The Artist's eye and the Musician's ear,
And then, come life or death, I will not fear.
' Mas. C. W. Knox.
. San Jose, April 23, 1896.
SILENCING A BATTEBY.
An Incident of the Siege of Ticks*'
burg.
General McClernand, being much an
noyed by the work being done by the bat
tery of one of the , Confederate forts |at
Vicksburg immediately jin front of him,
ordered General Smith to have two guns
carried up a. hill from which they could
command the fort and effectually return
the rebel fire. General Smith went to sev
eral of the batteries, but the officers de
murred, said it would be impossible to ac
complish, and meant certain death for all
who essayed it. : General Smith, not liking
to give a positive order, sent for Captain
White of the Chicago Mercantile Battery.
"Captain/ he said, "if yon can . get two
guns up that hill we will have the fort in
half an hour."
'VI will try, general," answered White.
He went to his battery, told the men the
work that was ; before : them, and imme
diately set on foot preparations. ] All being
in readiness, the men started up the hill,
carrying their guns. One of the guns was
struck by a shell from the fort battery and
several of the men were killed. : Captain
White ' and his party with the other gun
reached : the crest of the hill in "■ safety,
double-shotted it quickly and the captain
himself directing, it was fired. It is said
that the shot entered the mouth of a Con
federate- cannon which was just ready to
be ; discharged, and ■'.- exploded it. , This
theory is due to the widespread destruc
tion which occurred. Many of the Con
federates were blown into the air, the
cotton bales on top of the fort were set on
fire ana the fort rendered . a complete
wreck.
SEEDS FROM CALIFORNIA
Millionaire D. M. Ferry of Michi
gan Talks of Politics and
Home Conditions.
WHAT ALGER DIB FOE BLAINE.
Lumber, Iron and Copper Interests
Better— The Seedsman's Work
at Santa Clara.
D. M. Ferry, the millionaire seedsman
of Michigan, intimate friend of ex-Gover
nor Alger, and delegate to the last Repub
lican National Convention, is at the Palace.
He is accompanied by Mrs. Ferry, Miss
Blanche Ferry and D. M. Ferry Jr.
Mr. Ferry started in business in Detroit
in 1857, and it is since then that he has
piled up his millions. His residence on
Woodward avenue, Detroit, is one of the
finest in the Northwest. He has wide
political influence and is a power in poli
tics when he takes a hand, as he not infre
quently does.
The eentleman gets a large portion of
seeds every year from Santa Clara, where
D..M. Ferry, the Millionaire, of Detroit, Mich., Who bona Visit Here With His
•':.'•'• .*. V-,_V^. ■ '_, Family. !
[Sketched from life by a y Call" staff artist.]
they are grown especially for him. He has
large farms and gardens in different States
for different products. It is in California,
however, that he thinks a large portion of
the best seeds are to be had. What he
gets from Santa Clara is largely lettuce
and onion seed.
The millionaire talked of Michigan, its
conditions and preferences yesterday. He
appears like a business man, being that
in dress, but talks in a deliberate, judicial
way.
"I think Michigan is improving a little.
It has been pretty dull for a long while, es
pecially in the lumber trade. Lumbering
is a great interest with us, and if the mills
stop it makes a good deal of difference.
Those that have been closed down are
starting up some now.
"We have varied interests in Michigan.
Besides lumber we have wool and many
other things, and for this reason we want
protection. Yes, Governor Alger is to
head the Michigan delegation for the Ohio
man, I believe.
"During the last convention for choosing
delegates to the National Convention I was
in California, and they telegraphed me,
asking if I would servo as a delegate, and
I was elected, I don't think Alger con
siders himself a candidate now. He was
a candidate eight years ago and had a big
following. I think he might have been
President before this, if he had not come
out and insisted that he would not stand
in the way of Blame.
"Blame was a great friend of his, and he
wanted to see him President.
"We are heavily interested, in the iron
business, having a great many iron mines.
The iron business is improving in Michi
gan. It is also improving, so far as the
copper mines are concerned. We have in
the Calumet and Hecla what I believe is
the largest copper mine in the world. It
is fortunate for us that these interests, as
well as lumbering, are opening up a little."
Mr. Ferry was for two weeks in Phcenix,
Ariz., where he met Whitelaw Reid. Mr.
Reid, he says, thinks the Arizona climate
has helped him a great deal. Mr. Ferry
during the busy season has as many as
ninety drummers in different parts of the
country. The men in his direct employ,
who work .in fields and gardens, number
800. Lately one of his partners went to
France in connection with orders for seeds.
Mr. Ferry is the. only one of the partners
who began the business in 1857 yet living.
He is the largest seedsman in the world. '
WORKMEN GET PAID.
Settlement of Claims Against the San
- Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Line.
Several score of workingmen are invok
ing b'essings upon the State Bureau of
Labor Statist! cs. They have waited long
for their wages earned in the construction
of the San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company's tracks, and at
last their lawful claims are to be paid.
The claimants had given their battle
into the hands of Attorney Colin M.
Campbell, now deceased, and matters were
procoeding toward a satisfactory adjust
ment when the death of their champion
condemned the waiting workmen to yet
more delay. The -winding up of the late
Mr. Campbell's estate took some time and
in order, to expedite a settlement, the
claimants appealed to the Labor Bureau.
That body took mp the contention in good
earnest. The claims were placed in the
bands of Donald Y. Campbell, who pressed
the assignees of the original company for
a prompt payment of them.
Yesterday Deputy Labor Commissioner
Dam announced that ■ all the claims for
labor performed had been satisfied except
ing a relatively small number aggregating
a : little over $5000. The necessary funds
are ■in Mr. : Campbell's hands and will
without delay be turned over to those
entitled to them.
Mrs. : White's Alimony.
Wilson F. Smith, who was appointed a re
ceiver to sell sufficient of the lands of George
E. White to pay the $200,000 alimony ordered
to be paid to his divorced wife, Frankie White,
has filed his report. He says he sold lands in
Mendocino, HumDoldt, Trinity, Tulare and
Kern counties. Mrs. White was the only bid
der, and she secured the lands sold for
$70,000. Next Friday Judge Hebbard will be
asked to confirm the sale.
WAS TOO CUNNING.
How Julian Pinto Brought Himself la
Contempt.
Julian Pinto is in danger of being cited
for contempt. He advised his client to re
main in the house and receive no one, so
she could not be summoned, and then
when summons was returned as served he
filed affidavits to the effect that it never
had been. The case was a suit brought by
Joseph Musto against Nellie Hermann to
recover rent and possession of premises-
Pinto said he was aware that summons
was frequently returned as served when no
service had been made, and he thought he
would set a trap for the other side. The
other side produced the man who had the
summons in hand, however, and he swore
he had served the summons on Mrs. Her
mann in person, but that she refused to
receive it. Counsel for plaintiff said he
thought Pinto had been guilty of contempt
of court in thus inciting nis client to evade
summons, and Judge Hebbard said if the
necessary affidavits were prepared he
would cite Pinto to appear and answer.
;" — *>«*>•
ARRESTED FOR HYDRALICKING.
Seven Chinese in Jail for Violating the
Debris Act.
United States Deputy Marshal N. R.
Harris Jr., having seven Chinamen in
custody for violating the act to regulate
hydraulic mining, arrived in this City last
evening from Placer County and placed
his prisoners in the County Jail. The
names of the offenders are Ah
Younjr, Ah Sing, Ah Jim, Ah Chmg,
Ah Line, Ah Hang and Ah Shon,
evidently all descendants of the Ah fam
ily, as their names would indicate. Harris
was notified some time ago by N. E. Boyd
of Placer County that several Chinese were
engaged in hydraheking contrary to law on
the Green mine, and were allowing the
debris to flow uninmeded into the North
Fork of the American River. Hence the
arrest of the law-breakers.
HE THREATENS SUICIDE.
An Unknown Man Writes the Coroner
That Be Intends to Shoot
Himself.
Another man, tired of the trials and
tribulations of this world, had decided to
end his unhappy existance by sending a
bullet through his brain, at least that is
what an unknown man has threatened to
do in a letter yesterday received by the
Coroner. Following is the letter:
San Francisco, April 24, 1896.
To the Coroner— Dear Sir: When you receive
this letter I will be among the dead. I intend
to kill myself to-night in the Golden Gate
Park by shooting myself in the head. I have
selected a nice quiet spot where I will not be
interrupted by any one. The reason I do this
rash act is because I have been out of work for
two months and unable to procure any. lam
I a bookkeeper by profession, 30 years of age,
and a native of San Francisco. If you find my
body you will please notify George Brown, 268
High street, Boston, Mass., and he will take
care of the remains, and oblige very much,
x..:-,'x. L. W.,Clty.
Dispatches to The Call from Boston
state that there is no such number as 208
High street, and no such man as George
Brown is known on that thoroughfare.
General Walker Lunched and Gone.
General I. N. Walker, commander-in-chief of
the Grand Army of the Republic, Mrs. Walker
and department officers here and their ladies
were given a lunch yesterday at the Occi
dental Hotel. Those present besides General
and Mrs. Walker were: Colonel H. E. Dletrick,
the chief of staff, his wife and daughter; Gen
eral T. C. Masteller, commander of the Depart
ment of California; Past Commander T. C.
Wilson; Major W. B. Hooper, commander of
the Loyal Legion, and Past Commander C.
Mason Kinne and Mrs Kinne. General Walker
left on the 4 o'clock train for Portland.
Thurlow Weed Barnes is one of the
wealthy violin amateurs of New York and
an enthusiast on the subiect. He owns a
Stradivarius, which is appraised at $10,000.
_-_ j NEW TO-DAT.
\IL7HY
T T LACK
BEAUTY?
tWhen I can positively guaran-
__Bf___ tee 10 relieve you of any blem-
•_s£ |_B ish like wrinkles, pimples,
T_^__i freckles, tan; sunburn, moth
ff*^ Ty i patches, sallowness, • yellow
U£- jf skin, coarse pores, red noses,
\^- f warts or moles? I can restore
*"_E_T **-*_. your gray hair to original
'»Trr__, __?__» color. Ladies who can't come
i _?i_lT_?r to my parlors can be treated
*B**Cl__* : successfully by mail. Preser-
>*"♦*_?•__, -. vation is better than repair. I
"^"^ can preserve your beauty if
you have it, • ■.-
TI.MI RAT Ladies out of city sending this
1 Ill.iL DVA. ad with 10c in stamps will re-
ceive a book of instructions and a box of ■.■'•-„,
LOLA montez creme
And Face Powder free. MRS. NETTIE HARRI-
SON, Dermatologist, 40-42 Geary street, San
Francisco, CaL
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED.
NICARAGUA THE SOLUTION.
Captain W. L. Merry Takes an
Opportunity to Impress
a Point.
NEW LIFE FOR THIS PORT.
The Position of San Francisco Will
Admit of Her Commercial
Enfranchisement.
' ' ' ...
The following communication is self
explanatory: ' ' ; [': .;'..
The last number of the Manufacturer's Rec
ord of Baltimore contains the following:
; >'• ' LONG AND SHORT HAUL.
As an illustration of the cheapness of water
transportation as compared with railroad rates mo
following is very significant: •
A car of marble was recently sent from Tennes
see to San Francisco. Instead of shipping it an
rail either by New Orleans or St. louts It was sent
in an opposite direction. The car went via the
Kroxville, Cumberland Gap and Louisville and by
a fast freight line through Hagerstown, Mil., to
New York City. Here It will be transferred to a
ship and started on Its voyage down the Atlantic,
around Cape Horn and up the Pacific to San i ran
cisco. -Mthou.h this distance Is fully 16,000 miles
It ls cheaper to send it by water than overland
about 3000 miles. ■•■ .'■'.■•
. To San Francisco merchants there ii nothing
novel about this. Indeed, merchandise has
been hauled from points further west than
Tennessee to be shipped from New York around
Cape, Horn to the Pacific Coast. But the in
stance, regarded as an exceptional case in
Baltimore, emphasizes the fact that San Fran
cisco can never be fully prosperous until the
conditions of transportation are changed, and
even now it is, as the above proves, her posi
tion as a seaport that is her salvation. Rail
ways alone can never make San Francisco a
great commercial emporium, and I assert this
with full comprehension of their great utility
and importance. When we have a short and
cheap waterway to and from the Atlantic our
seaport will see a new life, and in the actlivty
which will result the railways, especially
those reaching tidewater here, will share with
our City its new prosperity.
Comparatively unsuccessful will be our
efforts to settle this State and to pro
cure the prosperity which we have aright
to expect in San Francisco until the condi
tions of transportation are changed. What
benefits it to increase our producers when they
have even now Insufficient markets? What
advantage is there in increasing manufactures
when we have so limited a clientage to sup
port them? Does not every intelligent man
know that we are suffering from arrested de
velopment? We may increase the facilities
for distribution, and thus, improve out com
mercial condition to a moderate extent, but
more decisively than ever before I am author
ized by existent facts, like the one above
quoted, to assert that only the Nicaragua
canal is a full solution of our present unsatis
factory condition.
Every inland transportation interest will be
equally benefited by it, for it Is impossible that
our people shall be prosperous without trans
portation interests sharing with them the pros
perity which will come to us through a short
and cheap waterway to the great markets of
the world! It is the "short haul" that pays
railroads the best, and the "lone haul on
such products as railroads cannot handle ad
vantageously may be diverted to water carriage
with great advantage to them, provided the
short haul be increased. The Nicaragua canal
is the solution! , v -r . . - William L. Messy.
Park Music To-Day.
The following attractive programme haa been
prepared tor to-day's open-air concert at
Golden Gate Park:
•Bersaglleri March" Ellenberg
Overture, "Raymond" A. Thomas
Fantasia, -'Robert le Dlable" O. Meyerbeer
C'avotte Saint. -Saens
"Episodes of a Soldier's Life"...*-. Kappey
Overture, "Jolly Robbers" Suppe
Piccolo solo, "Klnloch of Klnloch" (J. Occa).. ..
.- A. Log at
Introduction and Sicilians, "Cavallerla Rustl
cana" M_sc_g_i
(Horn obllgato by £_, Schlott.)
"Espana, " waltz ...... Waldteufel
"L* Phoceen," march .'.'. Ko.osy
7 NEw* TO-DAT. '• - ."_"■_
CITYjEPARIS
TO HOUSEKEEPERS!
During the week commencing
April 27th we will make
LARGE REDUCTIONS
IN OUR
Tal Linens, Na*,
Towels, Wets,
Quilts, Etc.
72-Inch Bleached Linen Damask,
regular price $125, marked $1 A A
down to "PliVv
68-Inch Bleached Linen Damask, ;;.,;
regular price $1, marked down DA«
63-Inch Bleached Linen Damask, V,-, 1 .
regular price 65c, marked down ; *jj|.
24-Inch Bleached Damask Nap-
kins, regular price $3 a dozen, $9 OP
reduced to.. *6 • fit '
22-Inch Bleached Damask Nap-
kins, regular price $2 a dozen, * J pa
reduced to <>I.*JV
54-Inch J_-Bleached Linen Dam-
ask, regular price 50c, reduced lA.
60-Inch ".-Bleached Linen Dam-
ask, regular price 75c, reduced /»A_
20-40 Bleached Linen Huck Tow-
els, regular price 25c each, re- ()A.
duced t0... /_ V_
72x84 All-Wool Blankets, regular */» A A
price $7 50, down t0............ $0* V V
72x84 A11-Wool Blankets, regular **_" A A
price $8 75, down to $|."v
11-4 Heavy Marseilles Quilts, reg- <_>{) **. A
nlar price $3 50, down to $_!.*_ If
SE HABLA E9PANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Oeary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH i HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.THOSE INSUFFERABLE PLAYERS OF WHIST,
BY "W. C. MORROW.
A pleasant, light-hearted young man
said this to me:
"Yes, I have given up whist since my
method of getting fun out of it was dis
covered. Before you reformed you and I
sat often at table over the game, and you
remember that I played very well when
we happened to have exactly the right
crowd, but that was rare. You discovered
my trick on other occasions long before it
was generally known, and I played it to
amuse you as well as myself whenever we
happened to be in the same game. But
now everybody is aware of it, and as there
is no longer any fun in it for me I have
dropped it."
As the idea of getting any fun out of a
game of whist is so grotesque and whim
sical it should be explained. My friend's
trick was very simple, but it was surpass
ingly, delicious. He would deliberately
make a wrong play so as to exasperate his
partner to the verge of madness and send
his opponents into hysterical fits of de
light. That was all. When his partner
would pounce upon him with the fury of
a lunatic and his adversaries would
chuckle and chortle in a delirium of pas
sionate glee he would look so sorry an d
shame-faced (if he did not make a bold
and often successful bluff in the for m of a
wonderfully ingenious argument and,spu
rious citations of wonderful plays made
by immortals who had never existed) as
to present a picture excruciatingly ludi
crous.
But that is the great secret deliberately
to make a faulty play for the purpose of
rousing those gross and inflammable pas
sions associated with the game. Thus to
play udoii the wretched weaknesses devel
oped at the table and to take a malicious
pleasure in the act constituted the one
source of pleasure which my friend derived
from whist.
This interesting matter has been re
cently recalled to my memory by an invi
tation given me by a charming young
woman to attend a small whist party
which she proposed to give. She is an
artist, with the exquisite sensibilities of the
species. Her large gray eyes are expres
sive and beautiful and her perfectly
trained voice has that quality of melody
and gentleness that sings a song oi peace
in the heart of a man. Looking straight
into her eyes I made this reply:
"By this invitation you have paid a poor
compliment to my appreciation oi your
society and of the sex which you adorn.
I cannot understand how a man who
knows and likes what is gracious in a
woman can sit at a whist table with her,
either as her partner or her opponent,
when he might be so much happier looking
at her and listening to the music of her
voice. Life is too short and the opportu
nity too precious for so wanton a waste
of time over cards under such circum
stances."
She raised her brows and look curiously
at me. "If you should make that speech
E erson al to a woman," said she, "it might
c resented as gross flattery. "
"It is impossible to flatter some women."
She shrugged her shoulders and gave
the subject a turn. "But suppose," she
said, "that the woman wanted you to play
whist with her; would you be so ungra
cious as to prefer your own wishes to hers?"
"If she so underrated the value of her
own charms as to prefer a game of whist
to the pleasant exercise of her graces and
the enjoyment which they give to
others, that is a matter resting between
her conscience and her intelligence. It is
not my function to pass judgment. But
however that question might be decided,
depend npon it that I will not sit at a
game of whist with a woman whom 1 like
or a man for whom I cherish affection and
respect, for another and sufficient reason —
that in its disclosures of character it is the
most pitiless iconoclast in the world."
She looked amazed. "A destroyer of
idols?" she queried. "in what way?"
"It unmasks us to each other and mattes
us stand forth in all the pitiful nakedness
of our true selves. A wretched spirit of
candor controls the game.' Impatience,
uncharitableness, greed, anger, self-con
ceit — all of these are laid bare in us, and
not only laid bare, but encouraged as
well."
••My dear friend," she gasped, "this is
horrible that you are saying. Be specific,
lest we misunderstand each other."
"Have you not observed the sneer of
your partner, the contemptuous shrug of
his shoulder, when you have failed to re
spond to his call for trumps? If your
partner is an expert player and you are
not, have you ever' seen him exhibit the
least charity or patience for your errors?
And have you ever failed to notice that
his one delight is to browbeat, humiliate
and expose you? Have you not noticed
the glitter of greed in his eyes when cap
turing a close trick, and teen the disgust
ing complacency with which he merci
lessly takes advantage of an opportunity
which chance has thrown into his hands?
His conduct in that case is that of a dog
eating young chickens alive. The self
complacency with which he takes to him
self a credit that he may not . have earned
is conducive to nausea in a spectator."
"How violent you are! Perhaps these
things do occur, but that is part of the
game; it is evidence of the appreciation
of rewards coming from intelligent study.
If an advantage held is thrown away,
the soul is taken out of the game "
"As in the case of a burglary," I inter
jected.
"But this is extraordinary. r Some of the
best people I know play whist— bankers,
ministers of the Gospel, lawyers, persons
of fine inteilsct and cultured understand
ing. Do not think me too personal if I
ask by what special right you arraign all
these." . y
"By right of a knowledge of the harm
which this pastime works in their charac
ters."
"And they are ienorant_of this and you
alone are informed?"
. "Not that. The worst of it is they are
as well informed as I."
"Then how do you account for their
persistence in following ii?"
"Why not ask me also to account for
persistence in dipsomania, kleptomania or
any other form of conscious insanity If
you can understand that love of whist is a
mental disease ,you may appreciate mv
position."
"You compel me to be personal again,"
she rejoined, with a winning smile. "How
has it been given to you alone to know
these things?"
"You have asked the question so sweetly
that I have not the heart to answer it
otherwise than by saying that it has not
been given to any two persons in the world
to be exactly alike."
She laughed heartily at that. "But the
game is fascinating "
"So are women and wine.'' '■. '7'7 [7
" — --and it cultivates mental qualities
of the highest order "
, "At the sacrifice of spiritual qualities."
"Oh! I am beginning to understand
It sharpens the wits at the sacrifice of*
character?"
"Exactly."
"And does not this apply to all other
games requiring a matching of slcill?"
"No; and that is the strangest part of it.
In whist we find a fierceness^ an eagerness
to win, a triumph in victory and a chagrin
in defeat that destroy every element of
wholesome sport in the game. Why this
should be so is a matter apart, which we
may discuss hereafter if we can."
"It seems to me." she said thoughtfully,
"that the very objections which you have
named are evidence of tho superior charac
ter of the game. If it did not rouse the
deeper elements of the combative instinct
it would lack in the higher qualities ot a
true mental contest. I should reason from
this that as mental discipline it has ex
traordinary advantages over other games."
"The whole point," I insisted, "is just
as you have stated it. By reason of having
these superior qualities and producing
these effects it ceases to be a game and
becomes a battle. That destroys it as
wholesome sport, which brings light and
pleasure and leaves no rancors behind, no
corpse-strewn battle-field."
_&~* most confess," she said, after a pause,
. - ha l . have failed to observe all , these
dreadful things which you have men
tioned."
' And yet," I rejoined, "you yourself
have given me reason to think, from your
definition of the game, that you might
have expected to see them."
"Let us pass over that." she said. "I
see that you are making a sly attack on
my observing faculties— either that or
questioning my candor. You have men
tioned certain accompaniments -of the
game that I reflect are not compatible with
good manners. That is a serious charge,
for it is generally persons of the best breed
ing who are fondest of whist."
"So are many geniuses of liquor."
"Come to the point!" she laughingly de
manded. "What have you to say?"
"Merely that good whist-biay and good
manners are incompatible, just as refine
ment of conduct is out of place in battles
and prize-fights. I grant that your poor
whist-player generally retains his man
ners, just as children generously whipped
are on their good behavior. But you will
observe that unless whist is well played it
is not whist, and therefore is not a savage
contest."
"Permit me one more personal ques
tion," she coaxingly said. "Did you
abandon whist because you found it injur,
ing your character? lf so, would it not
have been nobler to employ it as a disci,
pline for the chastening of your character
IN THE CAMP OF THE BRAZILIAN GYPSIES.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
as well as for the cultivation of your
mind?"
"There you go with discipline again!" I
cried. "What good end does this mental
discipline serve? Are good players of
whist any the more useful to the world for
that fact? I want you to think over that
before answering. My opinion is that it
dwarfs their minds, making them mean
and narrow rather than expanding them,
for a broad conception of life "
She checked me by raising her hand.
"You are getting away from my ques
tion," she said.
"No; I did not abandon whist because I
found that it was injuring my character,
but I did abandon it at the moment when
I discovered that I could not be a very suc
cessful player without being as disagree
able at the game as the persons who are.
I was not ready to covet that hollow dis
tinction. 'But the main' reason why I
abandoned the. game was that it was giv
ing me too clear an insight into the char
acters of the persons with whom I. played.
When it comes to human beings I want to
cherish my idols and not wantonly destroy
them." V -7"
--"What must yon think of me," she
asked, while her glance sought the carpet,
"knowing that I play whist?" ;
"My opinion of you will continue the
same as in the past so long as I keep hear
ing that you play a very poor game."
Her laugh at that sally carried all the
music of Mendelssohn and Chopin com
bined.
She returned to the assault and that was
encouraging. She said:
"You remember the old French adage
that we should give eight hours of the day
to work, eight to play and eight to sleep.
You surely believe in the value of whole
some game 3."
"Most assuredly— but games, not prize
; fights." ' y
"Well," she said, "of course we shall
agree that whatever the game it must have
some quality that appeals to the intellect
—without injuring the character," she
added, with a sly glance. "Is there a
game that perfectly meets all the condi
tions, including refreshing sport?"
"Yes; billiards." 777
"Billiards! I know little of the game,
but I remember to have read somewhere
that ability to play a good game of billiards
is evidence of a misspent youth."
I was cornered there and groveled help
less for a time. It was so true in the con
crete—so exactly fitted to the observation
of every intelligent person— that I was in
convulsions of laughter over my awkward
ness. But presently my wits came home.
"And whose fault is that?" I asked. "It
has come about solely because the intelli
gent and refined elements of our people
have neglected the game and forced it into
dnnking-saloons. It is only in recent
years, when decent men who had learned
to play in saloons married and by a brutal
exercise of superior strength over their
wives brought billiard-tables into their
homes, that the game has become respect
able. Its history is much like that of the |
violin in this country. The time was in
the United States when the fiddle was re
garded as the devil's instrument— a wicked
thing, conducing to sinful conduct. Its
struggle to gain admittance to church
choirs was the most pathetic in the
history of the country. But it is
safely anchored there now, as it should
always have been,, seeing that instru
mental music; is regarded as an encour
ager of, praise-giving in song. The homes
of the well-to-do are not complete now
without a billiard-table. The pity of it is
that women do not more generally take to
the game."
"Why do they not?" .
"Perhaps because it is so free and gener
ous and expanding." -■ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
My : friend bridled deliciously at that.
"You forget," she said,' with a shade of im
patience, "that it is distinctively a man's
game, requiring awkward positions that a
woman may not take, and strength that a
woman does not possess."
"Unless," I persisted, "she is able to
make up ] with grace and skill what she
may lack in those regards. To my mind
the woman who plays a good game of bil
liards presents the prettiest picture of
grace and daintiness that it is possible to
imagine."
My friend sank back into her chair with
a weary smile. "I do believe," she re
marked, "that we have been quarreling
all this time." .
"That was to be expected from a discus
sion of whist," I replied.
"And you brutally refuse to come to my
little party?" she archly asked.
"Not brutally, but in all kindness to
yon."
I heard afterward that those who did
attend had a very delightful monkey-ana
parrot time of it.
How He Was Identified.
On one occasion the Prince of Wales
wanted to give - Frederick Febvre, the
noted French actor, some testimonial of
appreciation, and consulted hiscompanion
in the box, says the Argonaut. "I can't
buy him something; that would be banal.
Do you think he would like to have my
cane?" It was decided that the cane
would do. So, stepping to the green
room, the Prince paid the actor a few
compliments on the English part he was
playing ana begged him to accept the
cane, saying it bad seldom left him for
ten years. He added that he hoped to
see the cane with Febvre on the stage.
This incident was reported and Febvre
spent the following day dismissing a
queue of Englishmen who visited his
lodgings trying to buy the cane. After-
ward, when giving private entertainments
in London, he repeatedly heard himself
identified by the remark made in the au
dience, "He's the one that got the cane."
WILL CARRY A RED FLAG
Socialists to Unfurl the Crimson
Banner of Peace on
May Day.
A Big Demonstration in Metropolitan
Temple — Executive Com
mittee's. Plans.
The Socialists of this City, as else
where in the United States, are making
great preparations for their May-day cele
bration. The labor-day or May-day move
ment was started several years ago when
the working people began their demand
for eight hours instead of from ten to four
teen. Since then the Ist of May has been
accepted as a day for the manifestation
of every reform movement and the Social
ists especially have taKen it unto them
selves. •77.i[,.777-
There will be no demonstration in the
daytime, but in the evening the members
of the Socialist-Labor Party, which now
numbers several thousand in this City,
will assemble at their headquarters at 115
Turk. There they will form a procession
and march to Metropolitan Temple. The
procession will be headed by a band and
in the front ranks will be carried the red
I banner of the I party. E. T. Kingsley, in
| speaking of the crimson flag, says that
there is a prejudice against the color be
cause of the fact that it was carried by
the Chicago radicals, anarchists or "revo
lutionary" Socialists, as they called them
selves, in the disastrous Haymarket riots.
Kingsley states that the red banner is the
emblem of peace and not of war and vio
lence . as: so many suppose. Hence its
adoption by the Socialists whose method
of reform is by* education and not by vio
lence. In Brooklyn, N. V., no less than
15,000 Socialists will march under the
crimson banner on May Ist.
.Invitations have been sent to all organi
zations and persons in sympathy with re
form to join in the demonstration. At
Metropolitan Temple interesting speeches
will be made upon live topics by James
Andrews of Berkeley, Emil Leist Miss Jane
A. Ronlston, ;E. T. Kingsley and others.
It is expected that the Temple will be well
filled. ..-v- ■ '777.x : r
The Socialist Labor party is losing no
time in preparing for political work. The
j State Executive Committee has been se
! lected and will meet for business in a few
days. It consists jof the I following seven
members: Emil Leist, P. R. Martin, G. B.
Beecham, A. Postler, Edel , Hecht, H. A.
bahlender and Theodore Lynch.
The first business will be to select a State
organizer,:, probably, E. T. Kingsley, he
being the only one nominated, who will
proceed to organize new sections in all of
the interior cities and' towns where the
party is not already established. A little
later the committee will make a call for a
State Convention. At this convention
candidates for 5 State and United States
offices -will- be selected. .The matter of
selecting .candidates for -City and County
officers will ?be attended to ' later by the
socialisticounty organizations.
i stj»«_*wr__»_«w_*__»j_su___!»"Js_ss . " .*_■■__
PAUPERS FROM BRAZIL
Caravan of a Hundred Beggars
Slip Into California Through
Mexico.
IMMIGRATION LAW VIOLATED.
Families of Tattered Men, Women and
Children on Their Way Toward
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 24,
1896.— 0n Monday afternoon the queerest
of queer cavalcades entered Santa Bar
bara, coming up the boulevard along the
southern approach. A baker's dozen of
teams, loaded with baggage and tent-poles
and crowned with women and children,
slowly made its way around the water
front and set out on a gallop for the mesa by
way of Dibblees Hill. The extraordinary ap
pearance of the women, their strange and
picturesque albeit tattered costumes, as
well as their peculiar method of traveling
with three horses abreast, aroused the in
terest of a Call correspondent, who con
trived to extract the information, delivered
in a surly mixture of Spanish and English,
amid a chorus of cries for "backsheesh,
that the party were Brazilians, who had
come to California overland through Mex
ico and were on their way to San Fran
cisco. -v ;
Now a great party of Brazilians, desti
tute and ragged, begging of every stranger
they meet, entering the country through a
back gate by way of Mexico, constituted
so direct an evasion of the pauper immigra
tion act that this was well worth looking
into. Armed with a kodak when the sun
was high and provided • with a plentiful
supply of oranges, candy and bright cop
pers this correspondent visited the stran
gers' camp in Santa Barbara's pretty
suburb of Oak Park, where . they had en
camped beneath the spreading shade of
liveoaks, while the younger women can
vassed the town telling fortunes in broken
English in true gypsy style.
Sixteen large ragged tents were pitched
under the oaks, dozens of horses were
staked around and nearly a hundred
swarthy aliens made up a veritable little
village. What a motley crowd they were !
The men, for the most part low-browed
and evil looking, playing cards within the
shelter of their tents or strolling about the
green sward, casting suspicious, and bale
ful glances at the visitors. The children
ranged in age from the babe in arms to
boys and girls of 12 and 14 years. The lit
tle ones wore single .garments, often
patched together of . two bright colored
rags, always rent and gaping, disclosing
their dirty bare breasts and plump little
stomachs. The girls, little women at 12,
already assumed mature airs, wearing
dirty calico petticoats to their heels and
having silver coins braided' in their dark
hair, forming an odd, barbaric framework
for their faces. Some of them were very
pretty, with brilliant dark eyes and regu
lar features. \'? >XX, -■'■?-■■
In one tent a handsome, matronly
woman with blooming cheeks bustled
about, roughly disciplining a family of
half-grown children and performing vari
ous domestic duties. On a pallet lay a
sick child one -year old, and" in a queer
little hammock swung the latest accession
to the family circle, a tiny red-faced' in
fant, which she assured the visitors was
born "lust night." / There was enough
smoke in this tent to lift a balloon, but
the sick child slept peacefully, . and the
baby nestled like a kitten in its swinging
nest. In the background and so removed
from the rest that they would seem to be
under some peculiar ban was one pitiful
group, a grave-looking, middle-aged man
and a wasted boy of 15. So sad and so silent
were this pair that they seemed to have no
part in the noisy, impudent crowd that
filled the space between the tents. A visit
thither developed the fact that the boy had
been hurt by a team passing over his body
some days since and had evidently been
injured in some vital part. He stated in
broken English that his mother had died
three. months before during their travels
and modestly and gratefully accepted the
small alms tendered him, while the
father's somber face told the burden of
grief that oppressed him.
The . exhibition : of : some oranges and
candy, an adroit stroke of diplomacy on
the part or. the newspaper writer designed
to secure the good will of the little com
munity, resulted disastrously. At, the
first exhibition of a -couple of paper bags
the children surrounded the would-be ben
efactor, a howling, 5 fighting horde, clutch
ing wildly at one prize and instantly con
cealing it behind '.■ them to ' extend : the
empty hand in hypocritical pleading. v As
the bags showed - signs of emptying the
panic grew. wilder. J The greedy band, now
numbering ; some forty •or " fifty, threw
themselves upon the almsgive-, each one
endeavoring to gain forcible possession of
their booty. Had -it not been for the
kindly intervention of g Constable Clarence
Kelton this account might have resolved
itself into an obituary notice. But it was
only by relinquishing the sweetmeats into
the bands of the most powerful of the host
that an escape was : effected. Alas I for
once strategy had failed.. The moment the
sweetmeats had vanished suspicion was
once more rife. Unfriendly looks greeted
the correspondent on every hand. When
a kodak was produced and' an effort made
£o catch a shot at a picturesque group the
opposition grew bitter. peso! Un peso!
No retrato sino un peso!" (A dollar! A
dollar! No picture unless one dollar!) was
the cry on every hand. The half-grown
boys angrily shouted it. The men sneered
it. The women repeated it roguishly and
coquettishly. It was only by stealing a
march upon an unconscious group that a
couple of snapshots were effected." Threats
of destroying the camera were loud and
frequent and a close watch had to be kept
upon the instrument after it ' had effected
its work. •■• 'V : _ ;•; .--x7x7xx&.i
The men were closely questioned by the
local constable who visited the camp, with
the intention of forcing them to move on
from this locality. Under official pressure
they churlishly displayed what they
claimed to be their passports. These con
sisted of a couple of well-worn documents
pinned together, first of which read as
follows: . >i ?-
United States Consulate. *
La Guaira, July 9, 1895. j
I, Thomas D. Golding, United States Vice-
Consul at La Guaira, do hereby certify that
Juan Jorge, Brazilian subject, appeared at this
office and produced to me a passport from the
Brazilian Consuls of Peru and Caracas, and as
his intention is to go with his family to San
Francisco of California and I am in knowledge
that they behaved them well during the time
they spent In Venezuela, I recommend them
to all to whom this may be presented.
Given under my. name and official seal this
9th day of July, 1895. T. D. Golding.
'This document bears the official seal of
the United States Consulate, but in its
composition bears evidence of forgery.
The name of the Vice-Consul is that of an
Englishman or American, but the compo
sition and phraseology are plainly those of
a man with but scant knowledge of the
English language.
Attached to this is a certificate issued by
the "Consulado-General" de los-Estados
Unidos del Brasilen el.Peru Li mo Marco
and signed by Alvares, said Consul-Gen
eral, and witnessed by one Clemen te Alva*
rado, a notary public. Before this docu
ment could be copied it was angrily torn
from the correspondent's hand by the
owner, who insisted that the copy made of
the former should be destroyed, but the
copy was preserved in the face of his vehe
ment protests and threats.
When questioned as to their avocation
the men say that they are sugar planta
tion laborers and calmly assert that they
are on their way to San Francisco to work on
the sugarcane plantations in that vicinity.
They are under orders to leave Santa Bar
bara to-night, but before sundown a heavy
rain set in and the constabulary are in a
quandary. It is an awkward | thing to
threaten to arrest such a little army for
vagrancy when the County Jail has not ac
commodations for one-fourth its number.
Meantime the travelers laugh at the law,
for quarters under a comfortable roof and
prison fare would be a decided improve
ment upon their accustomed manner of
life. The County Hospital would extend
friendly arms to the dying boy and his
broken-hearted father. ,
No matter what is done with these beg
gars in Santa Barbara they must some
how make their way up the coast, drain
ing their support from the poor farmers
aiong their route. They have no means,
and are a dirty, lawless, dangerous com
pany, whom it would be a good invest
ment for any. community to help away
from its neighborhood.
But the people of Southern California
have some very pertinent questions to ask,
and before long the people of the interior
valleys will be repeating them. How does
this villainous horde of South American
paupers come to be within the borders of
our State? What is the use of a pauper
immigration law, enforced in San Fran
cisco and New York, if this gate is open on
the south ? . These people came all the way
overland from Brazil and Peru, by way of
Old Mexico, through El Paso to American
territory, across New Mexico and Arizona,
to California. So , far they have escaped
any but petty detentions. When they have
spent a few weeks or months more journey
ing through the land at the people's ex
pense they will be in San Francisco and
ready for deportation. How many more
are already on the wav? What sort of
officials have we at El Paso that they
should have been permitted to pass?
The passport they exhibit- recommends
a Brazilian family of five persons. Nearly
100 persons appear to be traveling upon it.
What is the matter with our arithmetic
that Santa Barbara should be the first to
call for a census of this motley crew?
Flora H. Loughead.
" YOU" AND "THOU."
The Curious Order of the New French
/">. Minister of War.
A decree has just been issued at Paris by
the new Minister of War forbidding offi
cers to address the soldiers under their or
ders by the familiar pronoun of "thou."
i Henceforth the more formal "you" is
alone to be employed. It is needless to
explain that the Minister of War is a civ
ilian, for a soldier would never have made
the mistake of imagining for one moment
that the feelings of self-respect of a private
or non-commissioned officer would be
affected by the use of the familiar pronoun
"tu."
"Tu"and"du" and "thou" are terms
not of contempt, but of familiarity and
intimacy, and their use implies no lack of
consideration for the person to whom they
are applied, but, on the contrary, a feel
ing of affectionate regard. In monarch
ical countries the sovereigns have always
made a point, of addressing their troops
with the pronoun "thou," in the same
way that they apply the word "children"
to even grizzled and: battle-scarred vete
rans twice their age. The men like to be
addressed thus, and feel a sort of sympathy
for those whom they regard as displaying
in this way affection and interest in their
welfare. _-"_
By forbidding the use of the word "tv"
the new French Minister of War has done
far more harm than good, 'since he has
rendered the relation between French of
ficers and men more distant and formal,
and has, in fact, raised a new barrier be
tween those who hold commissions in the
army and those who do not. § Of course,
this new departure has been prompted by
the spirit of republicanism, the Minister's
idea being that a soldier is just as much a
French citizen and entitled to as much re
spect as an officer. > . .-J
In the German, Austrian, . Italian and
Russian armies the officers not. only use
the word "thou" to their men, but among
themselves as, well, and the ; youngest
lieutenant may use 'it to his colonel or
even to his general when off duty; the
idea being they are brothers and comrades
in arms. Officers meeting for the first
time use "thou," even though one be a
Prince, and the other the son of a petty
shopkeeper; g one the . colonel 'of some
crack cavalry regiment and the other
a subaltern . in >;a mere line I ' regiment.
In ; the aristocracy, 'that 1 is to say,
among the old nobility, whence the par
venu . and the nouveau riche element . is
severely excluded, every one calls the other
"thou," even young girls styling old
dowagers thus. ',;•/:. * -.■■' 7.:
Monarchs and royal personages, in their
intimate intercourse with one another, in
variably use the pronoun ."thou." The
Prince "of Wales addresses the Emperor of
Austria as "dv," and the Emperor of Ger
many makes use .. of ; the ; same | pronoun
when writing or speaking to King Oscar or
any other monarch. "Tv" and ;,'du" and
"thou" imply social equality 'among the
persons who use. them to one another, and
if the ; French Minister, of War bad been
less hasty, and had taken the j trouble of
studying; the history 7 of ."Lis country, he
would have* found' that during the early
years of the great revolution at the end of
the last century, when -the' doctrines of
equality were really enforced, everybody
made use *of I the word v "citoyen" and of
"thou" in J; addressing one another, *, no
matter, what ■ might be < the ' difference - of
age or official rank.— York Tribune.
'-■TTT^JTTTL NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
peerlessMlslMmj]Fs
— —IN- — ;
_NT___!-\7V f3_R3Fll3Nrc_^
DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS!
OUR MAMMOTH DISPLAY of new Spring goods Is UNIVERSALLY
ACKNOWLEDGED WITHOUT A PEER and more than maintains our lead-
ership in the Dry Goods and Cloak trade of the Coast, for it embraces such
A VAST RANGE OF STYLES AND NOVELTIES that the tastes of all can
be suited and at figures that represent a great saving over ordinary prices,
as may be seen from the following examples of
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL OFFERINGS !
COLORED DRESS GOODS
___.* 26 Cental.
140 pieces 39-INCH CHANGEABLE MOHAIRS, elegant colorings, former price 50c,
will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
__a_.t as cents.
88 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL BOURETTED PLAlDS.lsummer colorings, fine value
for 50c, will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
_____ SO Cents.
47 pieces 52-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SCOTCH SUITING, in plaids and mixed
effects, worth $1, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard. .■ • v
SILK DEPARTMENT!
•_3_,t 30 Cents et, "_T«x*ci..
20 pieces CREAM WHITE JAPANESE SILK,* 24 inches wide, extra quality, good
value for 45c, will be placed on sale at 30c a yard.
___.*- 33 Cexxts es, Yard.
30 pieces FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED SILK, good value for 60c, will be placed
on sale at 35c a yard.
-A.. SS Cents es, Yard.
60 pieces BLACK STRIPED DUCHESBE SATIN, in a variety of designs, good value
for $1, will be placed on sale at 55c a yard. -;
BLACK DRESS GOODS
___.* SO Cento.
75 pieces 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, actual value 75c, will be
sold at 50c a yard.
_S_.t SO Cexxts.
75 pieces 46-INCH EANCY WEAVES, Mohair effects, extra good value for 75c, will be
sold at 50c a yard.
____t 73 Cexxts.
25 pieces FRENCH CREPONS, extra good value for 1, will be sold at 75c a yard.
CAPES, JACKETS AND SUITS!
-A_t tax. so.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, in shades of navy, black and tan cheviot, with inlaid
--> ','2 velvet collar, worth $2 50, will be offered at ? 1 50 each.
___ -t _3>__ 75
LADIES* DOUBLE FULL RIPPLE CAPES* of navy and black cheviot, with upper
cape and rolling collar, trimmed with several rows of mohair braid, worth $3 50,
will be offered at $1 75 each.
S-.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in mottled effects, aifferent shades, with
very full leg-o'-mutton sleeves, large bone buttons, notched collar, worth $7 50, will
be offered at $5 each. 1 1 r
-__-t SS.OO.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-Breasted Reefer and Skirt made of black and
navy cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50, will be offered at $5 each.
BOYS' WAISTS AND SUITS!
__k.t 28 Cents.
BOYS' PERCALE, CHEVIOT AND TENNIS FLANNEL WAISTS, in a large va-
riety of medium light and dark colors, finished with two pleats in back and front,
worth 50c, will be offered at 25c each.
-A_t 75 Cents.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, infancy navy blue striped duckings, trimmed with white
embroidery, warranted fast colors; blouse and pants, 75c.
__Lt SI.OO.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, in light and dark navy and cardinal fancy striped duckings,
W * handsomely embroidered and trimmed with white braids and pearl buttons; blouse
and pants, $1. />-/• '?'. ; .*.•
LACE DEPARTMENT!
_£_._ 20c to SOo es, "__T_*xrci..
ISIGNY POINT LIERRE LACE, all new designs, 5, 6, 7 and 9 inches wide, will be
offered at 20c, 25c, 30c, 35c, 40c, 45c and 50c a yard.
_ft_t 23 Cexxts es, Yard. TJi_>.
BATISTE INSERTIONS AND BANDS, with lace and all-overs to match, in
linen shades, will be offered at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1 a yard up.
_2__t 20 Cents et, Dozen XT_p.
WHITE AND BUTTER VALENCIENNES LACE, in a large variety of patterns
, will be offered at 20c, 25c, 35c, 50c, 60c, 75c and 85c a dozen yards up. '
LADIES' WAISTS!
__Lt SI.OO.
LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collar, in fancy checks,
regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1 each.
_£Lt SI.S-S.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of the latest Persian patterns, detachable collar, bishop
sleeves, regular price $1 75, will be offered at $1 25 each.
GLOVES! GLOVES!
-___t -_._> Cexxts.
1000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, colors mode, .slate and tan, sizes 6}_
6%, 7, 7"_ and 8, regular value fl, will be offered at 45c a pair.
____* 73 Cents.
500 pairs 5-HOOK KID.GLOVES, black only, reeular value $1 25, will be offered.at 75c
a pair.
-A_t SI.OO.
500 pairs 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES, embroidered on back, colors tan, brown and
English red, regular value $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair.
SPECIAL SHEETING SALE
-q-^-&°__^_€jj YARD : W ' IDE . BLEACHED } 7c Yard
3 cases YARD- WIDE MUSLIN, either bleached or unbleached, value) R n Vni.il
• for 7>_c, on special sale at........... ....;..... .f Uu IdrU
3 cases FINE 10-4 UNBLEACHED OR BLEACHED SHEETING, un-) 10„ V ani |
dressed and good for wear, on special sale at. J lOli I ttPu
4 cases BLEACHED SINGLE-BED SHEETING, undressed, and strong) 1Ql n Vnnil
and durable, 56 inches wide, value for 16**„c, on sale at J l«2u TaPu
tar OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution to our
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom It will be mailed free on receiptor address.
ffWfff&*' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Mar.it Street mm of Johs^ /
»__u_>J -Brot_4__JNroX_BOOi_. -
2122
9^.mt*^*\o^ !
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor. : 7 : x 27'
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cai._, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily aud Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday C„__, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam. one mouth, by mall- .65
Sunday Cam-, one year, by mail 1.50
W eekly Cam., one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
*». It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
inlai it. Order, given to tho carrier, or left at
Business Oflice will receive prompt attention,
KQ EXTRA CHARGE. ... .
BUSINESS OFFICE:
.10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ...Slain— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51. Clay Street, :•.•.,.:-.;
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery direct, corner Clay: open until
1:30 o'clock. X:X X2[x, X
SS9 Bayea street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
. »*<*•'. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intll 9 o'clock. -}7i7x.7
2518 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
IIS •Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms 31 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Aeent.
SUNDAY APRIL 26. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Predict fair weather, but don't bet on it
Back of the longest storm there is al
ways our genial climate. • *
The hotel men should stay -with us long
enough to see the clouds roll by.
Los Angeles did well, but popular inter
est now turns to the next festival.
After the rain there will be lots of hay
for the makers when the sun shines.
Eastern experts are predicting this -will
be a great year for bicyclers because spring
came in as a scorcher.
If there were no knaves in the syndicate
bond deal somebody in the administration
was one of the biggest fools that ever held
office.
Strong men who lift horses will soon be
back numbers. There is a fellow expected
at a New York circus who promises to lift
a full-grown elephant. -• •* - - *
It is reported that Embassador Bayard
is . undergoing treatment in London for
deafness, and perhaps he hasn't yet heard
that resolution of censure.
It is worth noting that the Briti , ?h treas
ury statement showing a surplus made no
mention of the claim for indemnity which
Kruger put on file some time ago.
From the quietness of the Soudan it
seems the dervishes have decided to wait
for the British, and the British have con
cluded to let them wait indefinitely. .
The latest political term to come into
use in the East is "goddlewoddle," and is
used to signify a class, of statesmen of
whom Cleveland is a shining example.
The language of Carlisle's speech at
Chicago was addressed to workingmen,
but the sentiment and argument went
home to the golabugs and stayed there.
•V *» ■- - ; " - : '* ■"['
Senator Allen of Nebraska having de
clined to be a candidate for the Populist
Presidential nomination, perhaps Mrs.
Lease of Kansas may be man enough to try.
*
No Democrat has as yet begun an open
contest for the Presidential nomination,
but a good many of them are urging their
friends to make a point of dropping in at
Chicago. : 77*': [x '.--''■"■-■*"?-";
There are some people who prophesy
we shall have six Presidential tickets in
the field this year and all of them red hot,
except the Prohibitionist- of course, which
wiil stick to cold water.
According to George Gould the greatest
needs of the country at this time are the
fixed establishment of the gold standard
and more favorable legislation to railroads,
and if he wishes to run for President on
that platform he is welcome to try it.
Democracy is not willing to talk of the
money question, for it is divided on that;
nor of the tariff, for that has ended in a
deficit ; nor of the administration, for of that
it is ashamed. In fact Democracy has no
use for its tongue this year except to swear
with. . .-" .-.';*■"•; [7
It is not possible to give the Eastern
people a series of weekly lectures on Cali
fornia to educate them on the conditions
that prevail here, but it is easy enough to
do the next best thing by sending to all
your friends among them The Weekly
Call.
As a criminologist who has examined H.
H. Holmes with the kymogrion, the
sestbesiometer, the thermajsthesiometer
and thealgometerhas pronounced him the
greatest criminal on record there will be
no longer any doubt that his confession
was a fake.
Although 1895 was a dull one in many re
spects, the output of iron in this country,
according to the Engineering and Mining
Journal, was the greatest on record,
amounting to 9,446,308 long tons, and pul
ing this country in the position of the
leaning iron - producing nation of the
world. - 7.7' /■ 7
To men who are old enough to recall the
elate of public feeling of forty years ago it
must be a strange thing that a Senator
representing the radical sentiment of
South Carolina should be greeted with en
thusiasm by tbe radicals of Kansas. Surely
when the boiling of Carolina blood makes
Kansas bleed in sympathy it is evident
that the Union moves and the people
with it. .r*a__
The St. Louis Globe - Democrat, in a
weather report from Bloomington, 111.,
for April 11 and 12, says on the former day
the ground was covered six to eight inches
deep with ice and snow. The mercury \
was down to 30 degrees above, with a bit
ter north wind. The roads and streets re
sounded with the music of sleigh bells. It
was the severest April snowstorm known
in fifty-five years. The next day the mer
cury rose to 80 degrees early in , the morn
ing, and went ap four or five points before
noon. The air. was moist and stifling, and
great discomfort was ' the : result. A nice
country that— of picturesque diversity
and the pleasing variety that is the spice
of life, but all the same people who desire
solid and continuous comfort had better
come to California.
THE CUBAN WAR.
We publish this morning a- letter ad
dressed to, President Jordan of Stanford
University^ by a friend in Cuba, giving a
brief but emphatic statement of the condi-
tion of popular sentiment on the island.
The letter is not signed, for a signature
would be dangerous to the writer, but
President Jordan attests his worth and
character, and what, he says deserves,
therefore, the full confidence of the public.
The letter effectually disposes of the oft
repeated assertion of the Spaniard's.that the
better element of the Cuban . people are
loyal' to Spain, and that the insurgent
force is made up mainly of "the '-worse
classes of negroes, mulattoes and lawless
whites. The war is truly a liberation war
on the part of Cuban patriots' to* establish
the independence of their country. They
aye waging it with fire and sword as fiercely
as "the "Russians fought against Napoleon.
They are giving their lives to the battle
and their property to the flames with an
equal devotion. They are resolved to live
as freemen, though they live amid ruins,
and they well deserve every honor, every
sympathy and every aid which a generous
America has to bestow on the heroes and
the martyrs of liberty.
The writer declares that sympathy avails
little at this juncture. If we desire a free
Cuba as France desired a free America in
1776. we must act as France did and be
ready to send warships and warriors to
fight for the cause. Possibly a manifest
determination on the part of our Govern
ment to actively aid in the establishment
of Cuban independence. would impel the
Spanish Government to make terms hon
orable to itself without provoking a con
flict of arms. In that case vigor and reso
lution on our part, so far from leading to
a new war, would terminate the war tint
now exists, and while threatening strife
would be the surest way of establishing
peace.
There is, of course, no indication on the
part of any great number of the American
people either to hamper the action or force
the hand of the administration in dealing
with foreign affairs. The Republican ma
jority in Congress has shown this loyal
consideration for the executive by passing
a concurrent instead of a joint resolution
in favor of Cuban independence. The
President and his Secretary of State
should not wait too long, however. Cuba
is an American island, and lies so close to
our shores as to be geographically a part
of our system.' We cannot afford to see it
devastated and its people well nigh ex
terminated. , Mr. Cleveland should act
promptly. This is a good cause in which
to put international arbitration to a high
test. Let us demand that Spain submit
her claims on Cuba to the arbitration of
the moral sense of the civilized world, and
not to the arbitrament of the sword and
the torch, __________________________
HEAETY HOSPITALITY.
The 600 Eastern hotel-keepers who are
now visiting this City are the objects of a
hospitality that is probably more gener
ous and hearty than any they have ever
enjoyed before. It is pleasing to reflect
that they have too much intelligence to
either misconstrue Jt3 motive or under
rate its significance. This observation is
made for the reason that the hospitality
for which California is famous above all
the other States has been grievously
abused on many an occasion, and that its
indiscriminate manifestation has some
times done the State more harm than
good. It has been too often mistaken for
a desire to "boom" the State or to be in-
spired by a mean purpose to employ it for
dishonest ends. ' : -V
The hospitality of Californians is as
natural' a product as the flowers which so
luxuriantly adorn their gardens, the
luscious fruits which weight their orchard
trees and the wholesome wines which fill
their cellars. It is expected that con
ditions producing with so lavish prodi
gality the things which bring so much
comfort will have a like direct effect on
the health and spirits of men and women,
and an indirect effect on those traits of
character which constitute the chief adorn
ment of life. It is only he who himself
enjoys the good things of the world
who desires his neighbor to be similarly
blessed.
The proportion of California's popula
tion that could receive any financial bene
fit from a large increase in the number
of residents is very small." Those who
by patient care have brought orchards
and vineyards into bearing know too
well the pleasures which they, enjoy to
offer their possessions for sale. Generally
those who would be most benefited by an
enlarged population have the. least to do
with extending the State's fame for hos
pitality. They are the owners of unim
proved lands and they live principally in
the country, while the lavish entertaining
of visitors is done principally by dwellers
in cities, busy workers in _rainary voca
tions, enjoying a far smaller share of the
benefits brought by a residence in Cali
fornia than those who live nearer the
source of her treasures.
This hospitality is but part of a large
picture of wonderful breadth, coloring and
perspective. To contemplate it as a thing
apart is to miss a broad condition of which
it is. merely indicative. An instructive
feature of it is that it has always existed.
In spite of the fact that the acquired tastes
of Californians have assumed the tceneral
character of those appertaining to the peo
ple of the whole country the hospitality
now dispensed is as free and hearty as that
of the rich Spanish families of early days.
There must be a reason for this, and in
finding it we discover the source of that
devotion which all Californians cherish
for their State. The subject should have
a greater interest for strangers than for us.
Doubtless this is a consideration which
the wise fnen of the East who are now
enjoying our hospitality will not overlook.
TWO CLIMBING, OLUBS.
Joaquin Miller's recent rhapsody on the
beauties and grandeurs of the Sierra Ne
vada (or -'Sierras," as he is pleased to call
the range) and his earnest plea for a wiser
appreciation of their ennobling and health
giving influences recall the fact that San
Francisco has no popular mountain-climb
ing club. It has its Sierra Club, composed
of able scientists and true lovers of nature,
and the club issues bulletins of the great
est value describing newly discovered
routes and scenes and wonders ; but if
there is a strictly worldly element in the
organization— a considerable number of
members who haunt these splendid moun
tains as a variation from such grosser
pleasures as dancing, gossiping, : attending
afternoon teas and lounging at fashionable
seaside and mountain resorts— they do not
make the fact known. .'-".**
Portland, Or., has a very different sort
of organization. It is called the Alpine
Club (an • unfortunate and inappropriate
name) and while its membership includes
such higher intellectual lights as those
adorning the' Sierra Club, the great body
of ; its workers ordinarily live much closer
to the ground than the towering summits
of the Cascades. This Portland club takes
a grand outing every summer, sometimes
in one body, but' often in divided parties
made up to pursue various lines of explo
ration. While the mountains *of Oregon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
are as magnificent as any in the world, the
line of perpetual snow is much lower than
that of the California Sierras and the sea
son for exploration shorter, and, besides
that, Oregon has the rainy habit in sum- :
mer, while California is free from that dis
comfort. >.'-.-:'>,:'
In other words San Francisco is far be
hind Portland in appreciation of the
grandeurs of the State. The Pacific Im
provement Company made a curious dis
covery when it built the Tavern of Cast's
Crags near the base of Mount Shasta.
That house was intended for the great in
telligent middle classes, who are supposed
to know more about and to care mora for
the beauties of nature than the wealthy
and fashionable classes bearing social bur
dens. It was assumed that a hotel de
signed more for comfort than display and
charging unfashionably low rates would
become an intellectual Arcadia, thronged
with nature-lovers, eager to explore the
1 marvelous treasures of the Northern Sierra.
But great was the astonishment of the
owners when Fashion promptly invaded
the premises and there set up her moun
tain court. Whether those for whom the
house was intended were a mere figment
of the brain or were i dismayed and kept at
a distance by those who did take posses
sion may remain an unsolvable problem
to the end of time. ' The simple fact re
mains that the Tavern of Castle Crags did
not fulfill its destiny, and is just as fash
ionable as the Hotel del Monte ; and cer
tain it is also that the wonders of the
Northern Sierra remain unexplored and
undiscovered by the good people who take
their summer outing at tlie tavern.
Apart from the scientists and profes
sional lovers of nature the one class of our
people that tuke pleasure in climbing
these marvelous mountains are the more
intelligent Englishmen who have cast
their lot in California. Having acquired
from countless generations of people de
voted to outdoor pleasure a physical vigor
unmatched by any other race, they ran
sack our mountains and marvel that we
are so indifferent. It would therefore be
expected that if we shall ever have a prac
tical, everyday, mountain-climbing club of
worldings the movement for its organiza
tion will spring from some of the many
intelligent Englishmen who live here
about. They may be sure of sympathy
and praise and of a consciousness of well
doing if they head such an enterprise.
THE TRUEST PATRIOTISM.
Some of the most distinguished college
professors, statesmen, clergymen and
soldiers of the country took an active part
in the proceedings of the National Arbi
tration Congress in Washington last week,
and no doubt much good will eventually
come of the efforts of the congress in the
direction of substituting arbitration for
war in settling differences between na
tions. The civilization of to-day looks
upon war with horror, and ,the brutal
methods that Spain is employing in its
war of subjugation in Cuba only inten
sifies the desire of good people everywhere
for the substitution of arbitrators for
soldiers. The shedding. of human blood
and the destruction of property may con
quer, but it leaves in its trail hatred and
desire for revenge, which is anything but
conducive to sentiments of neighborly
good will and commercial and social inter
course.
The National Arbitration Congress
means to emphasize the lact that there is
a growing anti-war feeling in all Christian
nations, and to hasten the time, as far as
it lies in its power, when nations will not
think of war until every possible honor
able means to preserve j peace has been ex
hausted. It is its purpose, too, to teach
people everywhere to speak of the glory of
peace and the horror if not the disgrace of
war. The tramp of hostile armies in
these days means the turning back of the
people's wheel of progress and the de
struction of their paths to better condi
tions of existence.
This is the day of the schoolhouse, the
merchant, the manufacturer, the agricul
turist and tbe wage-earner. This is the
day of commercial conquest, and war is as
destructive to commercial operation as fire
is to the commodities of commerce. This
is the day when public opinion regards
the inventor of devices and appliances for
the betterment of his fellows as the great
general. Men in martial array are not
nearly so pleasing a sight these days as
employes of industrial enterprises march
ing to and from their work, nor does the
roar of cannon make the heart as glad as
does the hum of the machinery of factory
and mill. .■■'■■■'/;•_ '"
. No doubt the war talk that very many of
our people indulge in from time to time is
an outburst of what they deem true pa
triotism, but the line which separates
patriotism from enthusiasm is quite in
distinct at times, although the difference
in essence is very great. True patriotism
is a passion that is born of rights and
privileges desired or already acquired, and
it lives wholly upon responsibility; but
to fully appreciate the inner as weil as the
outer meaning of patriotism one must
understand the responsibility he assumes
in all of its present and prospective rami
fications. - , ?..,'■' '
, Political responsibility or patriotism in
this country means that '•■ Eternal vigi
lance is the price of liberty," and it takes
a great deal ol constant vigilance to pay
the price, but the sustaining influence that
keeps the eye of vigilance wide open is en
thusiastic love for the country's institu
tions. Patriotism is a mighty force and
enthusiasm is the stimulant that keeps it
active when it is needed "at the front."
To fight for .one's country on the battle
field when occasion requires is an exhibi
tion of patriotism certainly, but that is by
no means all nor the greatest of the de
mands of liberty upon the citizen. The
truest patriotism knows no duty higher
than to broaden and deepen the source of
that form of progress which brings good,
peace and butter environment to all the
people, so that not only they but gen
erations to come may enjoy the bless
ings of personal liberty. If it so be that
an enemy attempts to overthrow that
which gives birth to and sustains patriot
ism, he must be driven back, and if war
ensues the true patriot shoulders his gun
and goes forward, not for war's sake but
to gain a victory over; the enemy of the
political home he has established, or per
petuated, for himself and his posterity.
War to the true patriot may be necessity,
but not so until he is convinced that his
country's enemy, will listen to nothing
else, then he shoots, not for the pleasure
of killing, but that he must cause liberty
to triumph whatever the cost may be.
Sneaking of the rights; of the Govern
ment and of th i bondholders of the Pa
cific roads Senator Morgan says: "The
laws stand to regulate these rights with
out alteration. They are sufficient as they
stand for all purposes of justice, equity,
governmental authority, the protection of
the people and public policy." This is
just what The Call has maintained all
along. , The existing laws are good enough
and should be firmly enforced. /
The latest thing among the fashionable
women bicyclers of England is to have the
wheel painted to match the dress, with the
result, we presume, that they will seem to
be traveling on their trimmings.
IN LESS SERIOUS MOOD.
What a world of discontent this is, as a rule,
and what fools of philosophers most of us are
—with tongue remedies for everything and no
remedy considered r seriously enough \ for a
trial! : The more • you have, the more you
want! The more you : know, the more you
realize how much there is to learn. And a
few of us, unsatisfied with what ought to j be a
liberal fortune in the treasure of the world,
while provided, too, with what may be termed
a liberal education, are discovered envying the
spirit of contentment in human beings who
live on a pittance a day; who knowing little,
care to know no more, and who are . troubled
never a whit by social problems, the evolution
theory or the immortality of the soul.
Caught in a heavy down pour, the other day,
and in the hope that the clouds would soon
cease weeping so copiously, I sought shelter
underneath a sheet of canvas that served, for
the most part, as a rain-or-shine protection for
a descendant of the Caesars and a stock of pea
nuts.
"Ah, sir," I ventured, after squandering a
nickel for a bag of peanuts to get into the fel
low's good graces; business must be dull in'
this miserable weather." V i-=" ; 'V"
"No maka mon' now," was the reply;
"plenta sun, plenta sale. Mayba he's gooda
nexaday."
On the stand lay some fifteen or twenty bags
of peanuts; and a strip ot cardboard, tacked to
a stick, and having the appearance of a
miniature banner behind the peanut ranks,
bore the legend, "5 cents." The peanut-mer
chant lit and smoked a very bad cigar with
evident pleasure. " This man is taking things
easy," thought I. " Can this little peanut busi
ness be your only source of profit I inquired,
and received an affirmative reply.
This fellow, opined, had neither desire nor
ambition for more than daily sustenance and
cheap apparel. I remarked, in a Jocular way,
that he was lucky in not having & family on
his hands.
"No gotta fam ?" he laughed. "Wat yon
tink— dees man he's gotta ten chile! Uh-huh!
Me— ten chile! He's keep him all by Tally
grips heel."
"Then your sales must be very heavy on
sunny days," I said. i'v^
"Somtam feefta cent— somtam doll'— onetam
free doll'— somtam fiva cent."
"And do yon actually pay house rent and
support a family of ten children on the profits
of this stand?" I asked, rather incredulously.
"No paya renta. Fiva year I makamon' me !
Lasta year buya da house in Tallygrips heel.
Da fam' he's no costs much— plenta
good. I maka one doll' ever' day— free hun
doll* year. I sava one hun'. Feefta cent ever'
day keepa da fam', paya da peanuts. Mora
mon' I gotta giva da gooda pinkanicka.
I no maka da kick. Some poora mens maka
me feela sorra."
The rain had ceased. I purchased another
nickel's worth of peanuts out of pure liberal
heartedness, and, bidding farewell to the man
on the throne under the canvas sheet, hur
ried away into the city.
As I sped along I thought to myself. "Verily,
we who are supposed to take the lead in the
affairs of the up-to-dato "world have many
lessons to learn in the book of economy.
Here am I, salaried at a hundred a week, with
a wife, and never a child, to support, paying
exorbitant houserent, always too poor to think
of investing in land, improved or unimproved,
generally up to my ears in debt and con
tinuously grumbling because my salary isn't
double what it is— here am I railing at con
ditions that keep a deserving man eternally
in the background, and there is that happy
Italian who has purchased a house and lot and
supports a family of , twelve .' on the re
ceipts of a peanut business that yields him a
paltry $300 a year! Shucks 1 ? If. 'that Italian
had been in my shoes, as far as earnings go,
these twenty years, men would take off their
hats to him and the City Hall would ] be
peopled by his relations. .0, peanut mer
chant, you are an economist of the practical
school. We, who are so prolific of theories,
may well profit by your example. But here is
a cigar-stand. X./-7777'
"Yes— three for a dollar, please!"
'.'. . -.';.
" Oh, the gang Is all desertin';
We're alone behind the curtain;
And Its ' mud' our name is, fliriln'
Wld. the corporation sack! •'-
And the deuce it is to pay, sir,
.For the ' pull' has slipped away, sir, ,
And the slick old boodle day, sir, ..-
I'm afeared '11 ne'er come back." .'-
Having Kelly all alone, he
• Talked full honest— did Mahoney;
In the struggle for the bone, he
Hadn't got to where It lay. . ';
" It's a login' game, I'm thinkin'—
Any loon can see we're s:i:kiu'—
Mister Kelly, after drinkln',
Will you Kindly say your say?" • -
Spoke up Kelly: "Play the game, sir!
There's no limit to our claim, sir! X 5.7:7. 7:7
And we'll win the cheese in name, sir—
' Ere the ballots they be cast! £■?. •'.
Can't we trade on our intention ■ ■
For to run the whole Convention-
After which we needn't mention
The arrangements of the past.
"Hlst'ry shows us that tbe nest, sir,
Can be feathered ere the test, sir;
Then— fig for all the rest. sir—
. Let the chilly 'geesers' slide !
For we're permanently downed, sir,
When convention comes around, sir;
But, till then, I w'.l be bound, sir, .
We have gall enough to ride!"
" Mister Kelly, put 'er there, sir—
"Sure your nut has brains to spare, sir!
For ourselves alone we care, sir,
And we'll bluff till we be called I
When the people take to fightin',
Then our Ilk It goes a-kitln'.
Mister Kelly, let's be sightin' * ■ --. •
Quick whatever' to be hauled!"
"I was at one time the central figure in a dy
namite scare," said Charles L. Barrlngton, the
druggist, a few evenings since in tho course of
an exchange of stories. "It was on the day
following the attempt to blow up Greenwich
Observatory that the steamer on which I was
a passenger reached London from New York.
The customs inspectors were engaged in exam
ining the baggage, when I was summoned to
the deck.' A crowd of liveried inspectors sur
rounded what I discovered to be my trunk.
" 'What's the matter?' I asked. - ' ,
" 'Do you admit ownership of this trunk?'
queried an officer.
" 'Most assuredly.' ' :
" 'And do you confess responsibility for this
machine pursued the officer, nervously.
"'I began to appreciate the situation then.
The 'machine' wis a little tin Japanese pocket
stove, and it was accompanied by & dozen long
punks for fuel. The inspectors, who had never
run across such a thing before, imagined that
they had turned up & new brand of infernal
machine, imported from over the sea with the
possible object of blowing up the houses of
parliament or the Queen's palace at Windsor.
I tried to explain, but I couldn't allay tbe
fears of the officials. ■■' ■■;,. ' '7'" - *"-
"'There is absolutely no harm attached to
these things, gentlemen,' I said, and, drawing
out some matches, I was about to strike one in
order to show how the punks burned.
"'Hold!' shouted an Inspector, springing in
front of me. 'No matches shall be lighted
here.' He thought, nerhaps, that I was mov
ing to blow up the ship.
"During a lengthy consultation between the
inspectors, the captain, who chanced to be an
acquaintance of mine, stepped up and learned
about the difficulty.
"•Why don't you look the thing over?' he
asked of the customs men. With that he
picked up the Japanese stove, laughed at its
mechanism, inserted a ; punk in it— and lit it,
the inspectors meantime moving off to a safer
distance. The captain extinguished the punk,
flung down the stove and walked off, with an
almost audible smile. No more was j said. ; In
spectors packed the stove and the punks into
the trunk, and a great dynamite scare had
been lost to the English press." • •
Year A.D. 2096. Passengers on the overhead
electric train, which has just whirled across
the new suspension bridge from East San
Francisco, bring a story which will be amus
ing, at least to members of the bar. A Western
Rip Van Winkle has been discovered. Scien
tists find the case easy of solution, but that | is
another matter. In breaking ■up a cemetery,
which had been condemned by the City gov
ernment, laborers broke down a tomb bearing
date •of • 1896. V It contained ; ; a = bod y, which;
upon exposure to the air, startled the workmen
by slowly rising to a sitting posture from the
ashes of the coffin in which ;it had a century
ago been laid away. The man seemed dazed at
first,- but soon recovered his faculties. '[ He
is being very carefully attended. He talks like
the tongue of tradition. This morning he was
handed a copy 'of The Call— the noonday
edition. He plunged into a scare-head article
with such avidity, that the attendants began to
doubt the story of the tomb and resurrection,
j "Recognize anything familiar in the paper?"
inquired one. 7x.X.- ■'...■ x^x. -777.
"Regular book, I see," observed the hero of
a century's sleep. "Interested? You bet I'm
Interested. That property's worth a hundred
times what it was, and I'll be hanged if the
heirs and lawyers aren't scrapping away for it
yet." :--;""'"-■'-■ .;,*'•.-'-■ ■"'•/" •'
. "Then you know a little something about
affairs of the present?" f[ : ix- : .7'M
"Know? I was a witness in the case in
1894."
"And what is the case, pray?"
"Estate of Thomas H. Blythe."
A bird at my window la tapping forme:
There's a message, I know, ln tbe post: . -*: "
Oh, the sign never falls, and my heart Is aglee
For a word from the lass I love most.
Oh, I spring from my couch at the tap of the bell
And my mornlng-gown foldeth me soon!
To the honey-sweet things that hex letter will tell
Already my soul Is attune.
- i - . - *-.-•.._•<-:'«;.'-' .->■'•:
And my face must be lit with a radiant smile,
as I reach out as fast as I can
From the opening door, to be met with the roar:
"Hy ! you lika no buy de banan?" ■
'Twas the day of the drawing— l dreamed I had
won, ■■' x?7~7iXx
And I hailed the significant rings—
"It is Smithy to say that our toiling is done;
It's the list of our winnings he brings!" ■
I was planning to order a quart of champagne,
And I murmured, "Ob, bang the expense!
When Fortune drops down to your lot like the
rain,
Why shouldn't a man feel Immense?' '
So I flew down the stairs with a recklessness
grand,
And swift to the doorknob I ran—
Oh, the Jonah, was there with the fruit in his
hand— ■ ': '■'• \:
"Hy! you Ilka no buy de banan?"
I have moved my effects (by the way) from that
flat, XX- 2X7 x- :
And I've leased me a boulevard room,
And If ever a peddler shall try me at that
He'll find a bare dungeon bis doom.
For my heart It was broken with trials full sore—
I was tortured till patience had fled—
I was rung from my dreams to find happiness o'er
And to wish my disturber were dead.
Oh the boulevard scheme Is a glorious thing;
It's a comfortln », beautiful plan—
I can sleep all the morn without fear of a ring'
For a "Hy ! you no Ilka banan?"
Were Algernon Charles Swinburne, first of
living poets, to visit America, it is doubtful if
his advent would be celebrated in illustrated
page articles by those newspapers which have
been according such extravagant notice to
that London coster singer, Alfred Chevalier.
The letter's feat of translating Chimmie Fad
den slang into Cockney dialect has been en
thusiastically applauded in ceitain journal
istic quarters, which, It may be judged, would
not entertain the idea of devoting a half dozen
columns to a fresh work of genius worthy of a
place in literature. O Enterprise! Wert thou
a thing of feeling, thou wouldst weep at the
wrongs that are done in thy respected name!
The bine blood corpuscle has been discovered
in Philadelphia. We shall not be surprised to
learn that over-ambitious people of suddenly
acquired , fortune who suffer from the con
sciousness of having merely the red or the
white corpuscle to boast of ere pensioning off
.ruined scions of first families in return for
transfusions of the coveted azure article. And
if these scions in question could by this means
get- rid of all the blue blood that is in them
they might brace up and moke pretty decent
Citizens after all. • ._...,<••■.
Why shouldn't California authors lead the
way in a grand revival of decency in novel
writing. The world has had a surfeit of scan
dal pictures framed in gilt. Let us have a
season of healthful stories which parents may
not fear to take into the household.- The
Golden West Is full of splendid themes for
stories of the better sort.
Rev. H. E. • Adams declares that 100,000
Americans in tbe mountains of California are
ignorant of Christ. I am rather inclined to
the belief that the Rev. H. E. Adams Is Igno
rant of 100,000 Americans in the mountains
of California. : !
The sand dunes, the sand dunes! 7-j
■ If they could only speak,
What mysteries then the winds might ken
O'er the lonely waste and bleak ! *
For the sand dunes; the sand dunes
I dread them near to be! '-"•''
There's many a ghost on the sandy coast ,
■• That ew not In from sea. -
The blasted life and the grief-crated brain
The curtain have here rung down, : _.^Y "J.
And cold, dead hands have silted the sands
On the skins of the heedless town.
The blade, the ball and the viol of death—
What the world denied they rave-
All woes' surcease, and silence, peace,
';7.X Oblivion of the grave.-- ..... .. '
The sand dunes, the sand dunes! ": " '
What tales they might unfold { X
. Of heart's despair and dying prayer, -
If sands their histories told.
But the sand dunes, the sand dunes!
I dread them near to be!
There's many a ghost on the sandy coast
That blew not ln from sea!
LADY'S CUTAWAY JACKET.
The useful garment shown here is suitable
for fall wear, and made of heavier material for
the winter.
There seems to be no limit or end to the
popularity of tailor effects for women. The
back is made with the usual seams. The fronts
have one dart The Bleeves are cut in two
pieces in the new shape, with the seam on top.
Rough mixed cloths are made up into a
skirt and jacket for general wear. Sometimes
a waist to match is worn, but usually the waist
is of a different material.
Plain cloth with black braiding is one of this
season's novelties. ' -' .
A jacket of plain cloth, either light or dark
brown, black or blue, is a very serviceable
garment to wear with any skirt.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Nexhaus— l notice no tramps ever bother
you. ''.' How do you manage it?
1 Wiseleigh— l always keep a sign out, "Help
Wanted."— Filegende Blaetter.
"There seems to be no money in literature."
"The money is all in explaining how you
came to write it."— Detroit Tribune.
Teddy— yer readin' dere ?
. Taggs— Christian Science Advocate.
Teddy— Pretty dry readin', ain't it? .
— Yep; but dere hain't nothin' elervatin*
in de daily papers nowadays since prize-figh tin'
wuz stopped.— Judge.
"I made these biscuits myself. Blllinger,"
said Mrs. McSwat, with honest pride.
..:' .''They look very nice, s Lobelia, "j replied Mr.
McSwat, r picking one of them up and making
an effort to split it. >' "How long ago did you—
ah— cast them ?!'— Chicago Tribune.
"For seme reason I Just dote on rainy days,".*
said the young woman whose specialties are
large dreamy eyes and sentiment. /; 7
:- "Well," said the short young lady with the
raven hair and sharp nose, "if I 1 didn't have
any spring clothes I think I would feel that
, way myself ."—lndianapolis Journal.
HEARD WITH PLEASURE.
' — .. ,' ' ', ■ ■■■ : "v-.V 77: t*^
Fresno Republican. '•"■.'■ * v 7? J .
The statement of the •• traffic manager of the
Valley road that the directors of the new road
are unanimous in; their determination to put
wheat rates down to the lowest possible* notch'
will be heard with pleasure by the farmers "of
this section. They have hitherto been
compelled to pay too nearly all • the profits of
production for transportation charges, and re
lief from that excessive burden was never,
more needed than at the present time. ' The
wheat crop of this valley will not be a heavy
one this year, but necessity for lower rates of
transportation will be more imperative on that
account. The competing road cannot reach
Fresno a day, too soon io f meet the wishes of
the producers. ■■-.--. . .'.■'. j
UNINSTRUCTED DELEGATION.
Morgan Hill Sfii.
The question of a pledged delegation be;
sent to St. Louis is being discussed by Republi
can papers throughout the State. ! It is a ques
tion that should be given earnest thought by
all, and calls for Immediate action.
Whatever the opinion of others may be, It is
our opinion that the delegation -to; the St.
Louis convention should go unpledged and un
hampered, because a delegation pledged- to a ;
particular candidate would be antagonistic to
all others, and a large majority of the voters of ■
this State are opposed to any of the leaders who
have been named as candidates for the Presi
dency. It would therefore be unjust to send a
delegation to St. Louis pledged to any particu
lar person. Many questions might arise at the
convention that would be of material advan
tage to the interests of California by a free and
untrammeled delegation.
The same state of affairs should exist in our
County Convention. Every delegate should be
thoroughly conversant with the situation and
able to vote intelligently. Let all delegations
go nninstructed, by all means.
A FREE DELEGATION.
Oacland Tribune.
The first Republican State to be called in the
National Convention at St. Louis will be Cali
fornia. Neither of the two preceding States,
Alabama and Arkansas, will- do anything to
elect the Republican candidate, save to cast a
vote in the convention. California will lead
off as the first that can back the successful can
didate with a good majority vote at home.
If the delegation were to be tied up in ad
vance it would he shorn of more than half the
influence it ought to have. Probably a major
ity of this delegation will go to St. Louis with
the feeling that McKinley, for instance, occu
pies the first place. That is the way the politi
cal horizon may look to-day. But who knows
how it will look in June? If the delegation
were to take a castiron pledge it might be com
pelled to vote all the while for a candidate in
a hopeless minority.
That would be a downright misfortune in
this, that the State would have lost a measure
of political influence that ought to have been
secured as so much capital for the future. The
delegation on the ground, free to act in ac
cordance with any new political emergency,
might give the keynote, casting the vote for
the man who would be the successful candi
date. That is just the advantage that Califor
nia ought to have in the St. Louis -convention,
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
An Earnest Campaign to Be Under-
taken in Its Behalf.
: When a number of prominent women went
to the last Legislature of California and asked
for a bill conferring suffrage upon the women
of the State' they were granted instead an
amendment to the constitution, to be acted
upon by the voters. Whether. in asking for
bread they were given a stone can better be
determined after the returns are received
from the November election. The submission
of such an amendment was unexpected, and
the State Woman Suffrage Association finds
itself at the beginning of a campaign practi
cally without funds and with an inadequate
organization throughout the State. The
amendment will be opposed by an element
which is thoroughly organized and has un
limited funds at its command. It also must
meet the opposition of strong and stubborn
prejudice, and what is equally as hard to com
bat, the dead wall of indifference. To coun-"
teract tbe first named opposition suffragists
must rely wholly upon the justice of their
cause and the support of that large body of
voters: which cannot be corrupted and
which rec gnizes that equal suffrage is
a fundamental principle of republican govern
ment. The prejudiced and the indifferent can
be moved only by argument on the platform
and in the press. '- ,/ -
Notwithstanding j these obvious disadvan
tages, tha managers of the campaign find many
reasons for encouragement. First among
these is the attitude of the press. Not one
prominent newspaper in the entire State has
taken a stand in opposition to woman suf
frage. That the question is receiving a con
siderable share of attention may be shown by
the fact that during the past four weeks the
Press Clipping Bureau has furnished about
700 clippings on this subject taken from the
papers of California alone. Of these not half a
dozen have been disrespectful, and not a
dozen directly opposed. The City dailies ha y e
reported the meetings with the greatest fair
ness and have allotted ample space; and lead
ing representatives among the suffragists have
been received by the editors, without excep
tion, with especial courtesy and cordiality.
Two or three weekly papers in San Francisco
have been somewhat insulting, but opposition
to a cause may be of such a nature as to make
for it more friends than enemies. The con
ventions and mass-meetings from San Diego to
San Francisco have brought out very large
audiences and many prominent men and
women have identified themselves with the
work.
The State Suffrage Association, through Its
president, Mrs. A. A. Sargent, has invited to
assist in the campaign Miss Susan B. Authony,
Rev. Anna Shaw, Miss Elizabeth Yates, Miss
Mary Hay and Miss Harriet Mills. Miss
Anthony, president of the National Woman
Suffrage Association, comes of a long line of
Quaker ancestry, among whom were many
noted reformers. She is a noble, dignified,
well-educated woman, who nas devoted all her
time, ability and energy for fifty years to se
cure the franchise for women. She has never
swerved from this one object, or been led into
any side issues, and during all this half cen
tury she has never once asked for • any official
position or anyplace of honor or profit for
herself, or ever made an effort to secure such a
position for a relative. She has gone' before
Congress in Washington every winter for thirty
years and asked for a woman suffrage amend
ment to the constitution of the United States,
During her whole lifetime she has donated her
services and her earnings to this one cause
without hope or desire for any reward except
to obtain . full liberty for women. Miss
Anthony is now 70 years old, and the present
is probably the last State campaign she ever
will undertake. Her mental and physical
vigor is unimpaired, but she desires to put in
order the vast mass of material which will
enter into her biography and which will form
a valuaDle addition to the history of the pres
ent century. ,
Rev. Anna Shaw is an ordained Methodist
minister, one of the most eloquent women of
the age, a woman who longs, more than any
one can understand, to give up her wander
ings and have a permanent abiding place. But
so thoroughly is she convinced of the terrible
injustice of the disfranchisement of women
that she will devote ncr life, if necessary, to
the work of securing its removal.
Miss Elizabeth Yates was educated and
trained for the worn of a foreign missionary,
and spent five years in China, enduring all the
hardships ot a missionary's life. At the end
of that time she came back to this country
, firmly convinced that the field of her labor
was here among her own countrywomen, and
f__ J K re, te . nvr . n ,? existed anywhere than
that of depriving hall of our people of a voice
in the Government. She. too, has gone into
the work for life, or untif every Stall has ren
dered justice to its women.
Miss Mary Hay is one of the founders of the
Young Woman's Christian Temperance * Union
and has a remarkable talent fo? organization
For several years her entire time has been
given to suffrage work. She feels in common
with most women who attempt to labor forth,
pub he good that in the ballot is the power
Miss Harriet Mills ,* * graduate oTco.nel*
University, and perfected > a mo«t thorouch
organization of the great State of New Yorkto
carry on suffrage work. *
who C hi. __. brief is the Personnel of the women
who have come several thousand miles in
«J ..-_^_________ _ TOW TO-PAT. ■' ' .'7[ X l 7x ■ 7 : 7
BV-HSafNEasaa-SBr-^^
 If you want' a sure relief for -vims in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an : ; .. -:
Ailcock's • orous
i IMJii-l 1 !^ Plastei-
Bear in Mind— -Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. '•» ./'*"- ..' I
vM^. B-s^. .__)__. Kf^ l!*7>W f-Tk. *-7*Pl__ f*nfe_. _p-^_ _____ ■_■__ ■*■___ ■_■■«. __—_. ______
answer to the call of California. The State it
Self possesses many brainy, energetic women
who will co-operate ably end heartily.and they
expect the advico and assistance of the men ot
all localities. ; v
"They; will work on a strictly non-partisan
basis. . For , individual speakers in variour
places who may represent particular political,
religious or .reform organizations, and advo
cate i equal suffrage also, the managers cannot
be responsible; but the official representatives,
selected by the State Suffrage Association, will
speak for equal suffrage, pure and sin pie.
out any affiliations. They will welcome the
support of .all political parties, of all reputa
ble organizations, but,-' until the suffrage i.
obtained, they can ally themselves with none.
After that the woman voter will v -e entitled tc
the same individual preferences as the mat
voter. /vv .' •., ,; . -
The men of • California are distinguished th*
world' over for their spirit.of liberality to all
within -their.' '-borders:* Their women ask fot
political recognition, for the privilege of self
representation. The menwill give their an
swer next November.' Ida A. Harper,
' • * '•'•■■ ' r Chairman Press Committee.
PERSONAL.
H. K. Brown of Carson is at the Palace.
Dr. J. J. Pfister of Suisun is at the Grand.
D. P. Landrix of Washington, D. C, is in the
City. ..:;■-"--"
Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City is at the
Russ. '.. . 7 ,77: '■■■[■
Nat H. Brown of Tustln, Cal., is at the
Grand. '• ' \ '*'■■ ''*.'.
Dr. William G. Call of Guerneville Is at the
California. iV. \ .1
L. Gerlach, the extensive farmer of Stock
ton, is in the City. . : -X^xx
Judge J. M. Murphy of Arizona has arrived
here for a brief stay.
|j S. H. Moeher of San Diego was among the ar
rivals here yesterday. .<•_•;•
N. Bullock, a leading citizen pf Humboldt
County, is at the Palace.' *?; '
James McGovern, one of the business men oi
Butte, Mont., Is in town.
Ex-Senator E. C. Hart of Sacramento is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Sheriff E. W. Jones of Colusa is among recent
arrivals here. He is at the Grand.
C. J. Lee, who is engaged in the general mer
chandising business at Quincy, is in the City.
E. S. Babcock, manager of the Coronado
Beach Hotel, San Diego County, arrived here
yesterday.
Captain John G. Bourke of the Third United
States cavalry, Fort Ethan Allen, and John A.
Hosbach of Omaha, have arrived here and are
at the Palace. - • V
Whltelaw Reid is on his way from Tucson,
Ariz , to Millbrae, whore he will take up his
residence with D.O.Mills for two months. Mr.
Keid. family is with him.
.A. A. Abbott, ex-State Railway Commis
sioner, and long engaged in banking at Sacra
mento, has returned here, after some time in
Mexico. He is at the Palace. ■ ;-'**V '
C. H. Deere, the great plow manufacturer of
Moline, 111., who Is widely known and who
has grown very wealthy, is at tbe Palace. He
is accompanied by Mrs. Deere. • .': -'
Leonard S. Calkins, editor of the Nevada
City Transcript, is here, on his way to San Luis
Obispo to attend the meeting of the Grand Par
lor of Native Sons. He is at the Lick. .'
Judge Hervey Lindley.of Los Angeles, the
well-known Southern California Republican,
who came near being nominated for Congress
two or three years ago, is at the Palace. -
R. Armendariz of Mexico, who comes to this
City about once a year and remains for a few
weeks, is at the Russ, accompanied by hit
family. He is here partly to purchase sup
plies. • • ... .
Joseph M. Cox of Cox, Blckford ft Co., Bos
ton, who some time since purchased the. Pio
neer mine in Placer County, is at the Cali
fornia, accompanied by P. A. Humbert Jr., the
expert, and C. W. Gross of Boston, a director in
the company. The Pioneer ; was formerly
owned by James G. Fair and C. 6. Davis. It is
said to be turning out a large amount of gold,
the product averaging $17,000 to $18,000 a
month. _________________________ '.*;, :o
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.— At the Grand
Union, L. W. Adams, G. E. Wade; Broadway
Central, Mr. Armstrong; Cosmopolitan, R. S.
Greenham; Stuart, C. King; St. Denis. Mrs. W.
. F. Pierce; Grand, F. J. Batchelder; Sinclair, J.
Fischer;' Gllsey House, Mr. Spencer; Plaza, A.
A. Wheewright. , Sailed per steamship Cam
pania for Liverpool: Mr. and Mrs. George A
Audenreid, Philip Barth, Mrs. Black, infant
and nurse, Mrs. C. Meyer, Miss H. Meyer, P. C.
Meyer, H. Campbell Nelson, Mr. and Mr*.
Robert Oxnard, W. F. Pierce, Miss Pierce, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Stern, child and governess.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mme.Tussaudhas just added Alfred Austin,
poet laureate, to her wax figures. « . •'••:-•;
The two most numerously titled British peers
arc the Dukes of Hamilton and A thole.
The library of the late Allen G. Thurman is
regarded as one of the most valuable in Ohio.
It is particularly rich in works on law and
history, and includes a: rare collection of
fiction. .'• • ___■'
" Patti has returned from the Riviera to her
castle in Wales, from which she will make
short trips to the English and Scotch "watering
places, and probably Paris, before her London
concert season. She does not sing ln opera
this year. . 7''7x'\7. '
. Sir Arthur Sullivan bas started on a -long va
cation. He is in Monte Carlo, and will , visit
Constantinople and Vienna. His trip is said
to be wholly for health and pleasure, though
it is hinted that a new Turkish opera may be
forthcoming. ••.--.-.;
General Thomas L. Clingman ot North Caro
lina, formerly a Representative and' a United
States Senator, and a Confederate veteran, has
applied for . admission to the Confederate
Soldiers' Home at Raleigh, as he is homeless
and penniless. . . He is 83 years old. . 2, 7. ■,_"7-
J. Randolph Coolidge, a grandson of Thomas
Jefferson, says that Jefferson Levy is not a de
scendant of Jefferson, as recent press dispatches
declared him to be. "Monticelio," .be says,
"passed into the bands of the Levys by pur
chase after Mr. Jefferson's death. He, left but
two daughters, Mrs. Randolph and Mrs. Eppes,
and all the descendants of Thomas Jefferson
trace their lineage through one of those."
'
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street,
, A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
scnd's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market at. •
— • ♦ — » -
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men .by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
«■ ' ♦ * ' ' --* ■*
Gibson' Girl— So this is a living picture of
English society! I wonder if there are any
lords or dukes present? •• ;
Gibson Man— l believe there are one or two,
but I understand they are being' negotiated
for.— ' - ' ' ,
The benefits to be derived from a good medicine
ln early spring is undoubted. . To purify the blood,
overcome that tired feeling and gain strength
lake Hood's Sarsaparilla,
. . — ♦ * ■ '..'—.
IMPOBTANT CHANG- of Ti__.-The 12th Inst,
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated adouble
dally passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were'run out of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours is the only line that runs dining-car. out
of Portland. T. K. STATELER, general agent,
638 Market street. San Francisco. ' • "' ' ''-'•;.
_— ' «. — « — * -.'.
Nothiko contributes more toward a sound di
gestion than tbe use of Dr. Slegert'a Angostura
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer. . .-;-•■
— > » » :■'■■''■
.'.'"' If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. , Druggists sell it at 25 centaBOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS
THE admirers of the late Ernest
Renan have now the opportunity
of viewing him in an entirely new
aspect of his character. In a work
("Memoirs and Letters of Ernest
nd Henriette Renan") recently published
by Macmillan & Co. he is shown, not as
the eminent historian and philologist, the
learned occupant of the chair .of Hebrew
at the College de France; not as the
weighty disputant of the I divinity of
Christ; not as the eminent 'explorer of
Phoenicia and the Far East. He is simply
exhibited to us in his domestic relations,
in the love he bore to his "dear sister Hen
riette," "the person who has had most in
fluence on my life.""
I The deceased scholar was always averse
to publishing matter bearing on the life of
himself and his sister. In September,
1862, however, he composed a pamphlet
with the title: "Henriette Renan; A
Memorial for Those Who Knew Her." In
its opening lines the following words will
attract attention: "These pages are not
intended for the general public and will
never be offered to it." The reason given
for this note is remarkable, and illustrates
to what extent the life of the- sister in
fluenced that of tbe brother: "My sister
was so modest, and her aversion to the
bustle of the world was so extreme,. that
if I had offered these pages to the general
public I should have fancied her casting
reproaches on me out of her grave. * *
I have no right to expose a memory I
hold so sacred to the scornful judgment
which is part of the right acquired over a
work by purchase."
The present volume of memoirs and cor
respondence is authorized by Ernest Renan
in his will. The reprint before us was. in
fact, prepared by Mme. Renan, who is also
responsible for the selection of the letters.
The death of their father during their
youtn was the means of cementing the
love of Ernest and Henriette Renan. The
care devoted by the sister to the brother is
graphically pictured by the latter in his
correspondence. After the death of their
father, who was a sailor by profession,
Henriette took it upon herself to repair
the fortunes of the family. She accepted
the position of schoolmistress' in Paris,
poorly remunerative as it was. An earnest
student, she passed all the appointed ex
aminations. Excessive labor did not have
the same effect upon her mind as it might
have upon a more mediocre intelligence.
Instead of exhausting it strengthened it
and produced a prodigious mental devel
opment. Later she taught the younger
members of an aristocratic Polish family,
where she was well treated.
- In 1845 Renan records that his sister ad
vanced to him the sum of 1200 francs.
"That sum," says he, "was the corner
stone of my whole life. * * * At this
crucial moment in my life Henriette's
Deautiful letters were my support and con
solation." .
Upon leaving Poland Henriette joined
her brother in Paris. "And then,'' writes
Renan, "began those happy years, the
recollection of which still draws tears
from my eyes."
Her assistance given to him in his work
was considerable. Here is his own testi
mony on this point: "She had the ex
tremest respect for my work ; I have known
her to sit of an evening for hours at my
side, holding her breath lest she should
disturb me. There was not a delicate
shade in the theories I was then evolving
that she did not appreciate. She sur
passed me in knowledge on many points
of modern history, which she :had*studied
at the fountain-bead. The general plan
of my career, the scheme of inflexible sin
cerity I had mapped out, was so essen
tially the combined product of our two
consciences that had"l been tempted to
fail in any particular of it she, like a sec
ond self, would have been beside me to
call me back to duty. She was my incom
parable amanuensis. She read everything
1 wrote in the proofs, and her invaluable
criticism would discover delicate shades of
negligence in style which might otherwise
have escaped me."
Of her j personal character the affection
ate brother has much to say. "She was
not witty/ if that word is taken in the
French acceptation to mean something
light and bantering. She never made game
of any living being. She bated all malice
and thought it cruelty. A person who at
tracted ridicule at once acquired her pity,
With pity shs gave love and set herself be
tween the mocker and his prey."
The almost jealous eye with which his
sister regarded his going and coming
nearly prevented Renan's ■ marriage with
Mile. Scheffer. Driven to a choice between
the two affections, he made up his mind
to accept tbe .older and that which' verged
most closely upon a duty. - But the sister
was not willing to permit the sacrifice,
and after some delay the marriage took
place. '■',-.' -'■_•"•__■ ;
,In 1860 Renan was chosen by the Em
peror to make a voyage of research in the
districts of Jerusalem, Tyre, Beyrout and
the upper Jordan. His sister was' one of
those who pressed upon him tbe need of
his acceptance of the commission and even
accompanied him to the Holy Land.
Ernest was at that time engaged upon his
famous work "The Life of Jesus," in which
he received valuable assistance from r Hen
riette. In the midst of his work his sister
was seized with a fever and several days
after Ernest himself took the disease. His
anguish at the suffering of his "dear Hen
riette," as described in the memoir, is some
thing pitiful. He freely expresses his
sorrow that she was ever permitted to join
the expedition. In three days she died,
unattended by a European physician, and
without the necessary remedies or conven
iences of a sickroom.
In his memoir Ernest thus expresses his
feelings: "Oh, my God, have I. done all
that in me lay 10 insure her happiness?
"With what bitterness do I now reproach
myself for my habit of reserve toward her.
for not having told her oftener how dear I
held her, for having yielded too easily to
my love of silent meditation, for not hav
ing made the most of every hour m which
| she was spared to me!" And again:
"Since I lost her there has grown in my
mind a semblance of the anguish of a
patient who has suffered amputation, and
who has the limb he was deprived of con
stantly in his sight. She was a radical
I factor" in my intellectual existence, and
} with her a part of my actual being passed
away." ;.... >- -.• • .- ■* _.-" * - -
The last words of the memoir sum up
Renan's thoughts on the death of his sis
ter. They would seen, to indicate that he
had brought J himself to a philosophical
state of mind in contemplating her life
work and her efforts in his behalf. He
concludes: _ ".
•'Let us hold fast her memory as a
precious demonstration of those eternal
truths whereof every virtuous life con
tributes proof. Personally I have never
doubted the reality of the moral law. But
now I see clearly that all the logic of the
universal system must come to naught if
such lives as hers were nothing, but a de
lusion and a snare." :■ -^ :
I The letters, which form the greater por
j tion of the present work, are dated at
! various periods during the years 1842-45.
Like the memoir, they breathe a love be
tween the brother and sister of the most
unselfish kind. Those from Ernest to
Henriette are philosophical and analytical.
They serve to throw some light upon dis
puted phases of : his character. As for his
sister's letters, they indicate the almost
maternal regard she had for her "darling
Ernest," with whom she discusses ab
struse questions of theology in a manner
that confirms Ernest's assertion that their
minds ***ere as one. .
The work of translation has been ad
mirably performed by Lady Mary Loyd.
The letterpress of the memoir is illus
trated by etchings of Ernest and Hen
riette Renan and with pictures of their
native town, Treguier.
[Macmillan & Co., New York. For sale
in this City by William Doxey; price
$225.] : v ' ' ' ;,;-
A HOUSE OF CARDS.
- Alice S. Wolf of this City is the author
j of a novel, "A House of Cards," to which
I brief reference was recently made in these
I columns. The story concerns San Fran
cisco society life. Loys Yerrington is the
eldest of three daughters, reared on a
ranch. The country life becomes distaste
ful to her, and her friend, Gregory Ken
dall, secures a position . for her as teacher
in a seminary in the City. Loys is not a
! favorite with her father for some unex
plained reason, and she leaves the ranch
i in spite of his protests. At the seminary
; the girl comes in contact with the daugh
: ters of the wealthiest , San Franciscans.
! She longs to travel and see the world. She
is very ambitious, and writes a book which
;is not a success. Overhearing the discus
; sion of the merits of a fortune-teller she
! advises some girl friends against consult
' ing a medium, but, urged by some unseen
i power, Loys herself goes to the medium
! and learns, among other things, that her
i father has been dead twenty years. She
| hears her father's name pronounced it is
j different from the name of the man she
| has always looked up to as a father. The
latter, too, she learns, had once forgiven a
grievous wrong. A trip to Europe is fore-
I fold. A few evenings afterward Kendall
| informs her of his intention to go to
Europe on business. He had begged her to
become his wife before; but now she con
sented, Baying the temptation of the trip
was more responsible than the love she
bore him. Kendall was willing, however,
to win her love after marriage. In Europe
Mrs. Kendall meets Penelope Browning,
1 one of her husband's friends, and the
] acquaintance proves productive of many
pleasures. -Penelope introduces her
: friends— Riker Van Arsdale and Bishop
Yorke. Gradually Loys and Yorke fall in
love with each other, but neither confesses
to the other that secret love. Then a child
is born to - Mr. and Mrs. Kendall, only to
■be taken away. Loys' heart was nearly
broken, but Gregory seemed satisfied when
the child's * eyes were forever closed.
Months afterward Kendall is called to tne
death bed of bis mother.who for fifteen years
has been confined in an insane asylum.
This fact had been known, it seems, to
every one but Loys. The latter is shocked
at the * news. Her health begins to fail,
and she finds interest in nothing but
Yorke's society. Loys' own mother comes
I to visit her, and the old visit to the clair
i voyant was related. Mrs. Yerrington
i eagerly listened and grew deathly pale
i when the name of Loys' father was men-
I tioned.-; ';. i* * - -■: -- - ■ ,-;- ■ ;. ,\ ;■.*
"What a great deal you have to forgive
j your mother,' ' Mrs. Yerrington moaned.
I "You cannot understand, for you are a
I happy wife. I was happy once for a brief
i while. I have paid for it. Ob, I have paid
; for it ! You cannot know what I have suf
j fered. Loys! my child do not say that
] you cannot forgive me."
j Mrs. Yerrington returns home and on
I the same : night Loys dies suddenly of
, heart .trouble. The last scene discovers
I Mrs. Penelope Van Arsdale and Yorke
i kneeling beside her: conch. Yorke asks
j Penelope. "Will you leave me alone with
her .or a few moments? In years to come,
I shall be glad of her dreamless rest, but
| just now" -,-.--,
j vA . key was fitted in the house door and
j then footsteps echoed through the hall.
Kendail had reached -borne. [Chicago:
Stone & Kimball, publishers. For sale'bv
Doxey; price $1 25.] *
THE FEASTS OF AUTOLYCUS ;
or, The Diary of a Greedy Woman", is a
I book to make a good man or woman very
| hungry. It is • not a cook book, although
j it treats most fascinatingly of the delights
jof the table. It contains advice for break
| fasts, lunches, dinners and suppers for all
| seasons of the year, and. this advice is
given, not in the manner of a professor of
the divine culinary art, but in the style
and in the language of an enthusiast and
poet. '• '.-'.; ' \ ':..' i,.':,
: The work' is > most charmingly written,
and its ' suggestions ' are * most valuable to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
those who appreciate the work of the chef
de cuisine. The following gives a fair idea
of the crisp style of the work: •;■.'"■.'. '
And it must \be in • Marseilles that glitters
under midsummer's sun and grows radiant in
its light. Those who have not seen Marseilles
at this season know it not. The peevish finder
of fault raves of drainage and dynamite, of
dirt and anarchy. But turn a deaf ear and go
to Marseilles gaily and without dread. Walk
out in the early morning on the quays; the
summer sky is cloudless, the sea as blue as in
the painter's bluest dream, the hills but warm
purple shadows resting upon its waters. The
sir is hot, perhaps, but soft and dry, and the
breeze blows fresh from over tir. Mediterra
nean. Already, on every side, signs there are
of the day's coming sacrifice.
In sunlight and in shadow are piled high
the sea's sweetest, cnoicest fruits; mussels in
their somber purple shells; lobsters, rich and
brown; fish, scarlet and ; gold and green.
Lemons freshly plucked from near gardens
are scattered among the fragrant pile, and
here and there trail ion 1 ' sprays of salt pun
gent sea weed. The faint smell of ail comes to
you gently from unseen kitchens, the feeling
of bouillabaisse is everywhere, and tender an
ticipation illumines the faces of the passers
by. * * * But Marseilles' true mission, the
sole reason for its existence, is that man may
know now goodly a thin? it is to eat bouilla
baisse at noon on a, warm summer day.
[New York: The Merriam Company.
For sale by Johnson. & Emigh: price
$125.] _______
SLEEPING FIRES.
George Gissing's new novel, "Sleeping
Fires," is an interesting story of love and
life. Edmund Langley proposes to a
daughter of a wealthy family, after con
fessing that he is the father of a boy born
out of wedlock. He is rejected ; the girl
whom he loves marries Lord Revill, and
Langley goes to Athens, there to devote
his life to study. At the Grecian capital
he meets an old classmate, who is tutor for
a ward of Lady Revill, the name of the
ward being Louis Reed. This boy, it ap
pears, has been sent abroad by. her Lady
ship to escape the influence of a woman
she dislikes. Lady Revill also succeeds in
getting the woman in question to cease
correspondence with him. The boy rebels,
and resolves to go to London and demand
his freedom from the authority of Lady
Revill. Langley, however, - who has
learned to love the boy, is permitted to
perform the mission. Langley visits Eng
land, calls on Lady Revill, and hunts up
Reed's history, to discover that ; Louis
Reed is Langley 's own son, and that Lady
Revill had adopted him as a source of com
fort when she found she had married the
wrong man, as far as love was concerned.
Louis dies suddenly before Langley's re
turn to Athens— dies in happy ignorance
of the story of his birth; and, after all,
Langley and his old love, the widow of
Lord Revill, are united in marriage. [New
York: D. Appleton & Co., publishers.
; For sale by William Doxey ; price, 75 cents.] v
DAMNATION OF THERON WARE.
Harold Frederic's new story, "The Dam
nation of Tberon Ware," whiflh describes
in the author's masterful literary style
the various stages in . the downfall of a
young Methodist preacher, is hardly cal
culated to .inspire any lofty religious
thoughts or sentiments in the mind of the
"I SHALL BE RUINED!"
[Reproduced from "Cleg Kelly.'']
reader. The book, nevertheless, is certain
to be widely "read. It says 'some things
that are only too true ; about shams that
are not! infrequent, in the churches; but
the author has advanced many proposi
tions relative to Christian beliefs will
undoubtedly meet with spirited criticism
from the religious press. Theron Ware
enters the ministry with noble resolves
and laudable ambitions. He has a saint
like countenance and is regarded as an in
tellectually superior person. He 'and
his, devoted young, wife have fixed their
hopes and hearts on an appointment 10
a pulpit where an up-to-date, brilliant
preacher I was ■ wanted.'; Theron, g how
ever," is sent to a low-salaried village
where nothing -about - his church is
congenial to him. Discontent grows
upon him. He accidentally forms the ac
quaintance of Celia Madden, the organist
"of-, the Catholic church in the place, and is
charmed by her beauty and intellectual
attainments.; Through Celia he is brought
into acquaintanceship with Father Forbes,
the Catholic priesc, and the latter's friend,
Dr. Ledsmar, a scientist. I Conversation
with these men causes Theron to dream' of
"a world ol culture and grace, an intellec
tual world of lofty -thoughts and the in
spiring communion of real knowledge,
where creeds are of no importance, g and
where men ask one another not 'Is your
soul saved?' but 'Is your mind well fur
nished ?' " The priest astounds Theron by
a discussion of the "Christ myth." : Im
pressions crowd, upon the young minister's
brain. V His eloquence is of no avail in the
work of raising the debt that hangs over
his | church, and : a pair of j "debt-raisers"
are sent to his aid. '-They; collect all the
money needed during a revival, alter get
ting the : church | members worked ;up( by
methods that Theron can hardly counten
ance. Theron's faith is further shaken by
the admission of one of t the "debt-raisers''
(in confluence) that the pair of them were
formerly mediums and.variety actors, and
that t their ' present boast is that they - are
"good" frauds. Theron tires "of his wife's
intellectual inferiority, a. he thinks. He
seeks the society of Celia Madden, who en
tertains him with 1 sensuous music and
talks about the "only true object of worship
being beauty." He imagines she loves him
and feels that he married too soon and that
he is mismated. He neglects his wife and is
denounced by old acquaintances who once
praised biui. He hears suddenly that
Celia is going to New York on a certain
evening along with Father Forbes. Plead
ing urgent church business :" to his wife,
Tberon departs on the same train, follows
the ■ priest and the girl .7 ' to a hotel
and when the priest leaves visit?
Celia's parlor. There; be learns that. the
mission -of the twain he had followed
is to save a brother of Celia from prison.
Celia condemns Ware for moral iniideiitv
to church and wife, and drives him mad
with an analysis of: his character. The
young preacher goes out and vainly, essays
to commit suicide. He winds up at the
house of the friendly "debt-raisers," who
reside in New York. They brace him, up, j
send for his wife and she and Theron :
make up. Ware has reached the bottom ;
quits the ministry and has no further use
for religion. He winds up by leaving for
the Northwest to put his facility of tongue
to use in politics. ' [Chicago : Kimball &
Co., publishers. .For sale by Doxey: price,
$1 50.] _______
CLEG KELLY.
S. R. Crockett, the gifted . author of
"Bog-Myrtle and Peat" and "The Lilac
Sunbonnet," has here writtena. charming
story dealing with the adventures of a poor
little outcast, Charles (Cleg) Kelly, the i
terror of tne : country-side M for miles
around. This youthful ishmael is ex-.
pelled from Sunday-school for asserting
tbat "God's dead"— in other words, for
denying, in his own rough way, the
existence and power -of the - Deity.
Toward the Divine Being Cleg cherishes
a grudge on account of his hard lot in
life. • He was afflicted with smallpox, his
father "took to drink," and his mother
died of grief—hence the making of the
youthful atheist.
Among Cleg's exploits is the discovery
of a hoard of stolen treasure, which he re
ports to the police, thus escaping prose
cution for an offense for which he was re
ported by one Nathan, a pawnbroker. At
the same time Cleg's father is arrested for
"ganging intil anither man's hoose with-'
out s peering his leave"— for burglary, in
fact., He is sentenced to on. year's im-
p risonment. The scene in court is quaintly
described by the Scotch prototype of Tom
Sawyer:
"And I was there and saw the Judge gle him
a tongue-dressing afore he spoKe oot the sen-'
tence. 'One year,' says he. 'Make it three,'
says I frae the back of the coort. So they ran
me oot; but my faither kenned wha it was, for
he cried: 'May hunger, sickness and trouble
suck the life from ye, ye bloodsucking, son of
my sorrow. Wait till I get hoult o' ye! I'll
make ye melt oft' the earth like the snow off a
dyke, son o' mine though ye are 1' " •
♦The friend to whom Cleg narrates this
asks him: ■ • .'-." .'.7-2
"And what did you say to him?"
' "Faith! I only said, 'I hope yell like the
oakum, faither.' "
There is a simple, old-fashioned flavor
j about the latest work of Mr. Crockett that
renders it most, acceptable. ,Once. taken
up, the reader feels compelled to finish it
lat a sitting. And this is true notwith
| , standing the cry that has been raised in
j certain directions against so-called "dia
lect stories." Indeed, it may said that
j the.Scotch air pervading these tales ren
j ders - them delightfully' refreshing and
peculiarly tasty to the jaded palates of
latter-day readers of fiction.
[New York: D. Appleton & Co. For
sale by William Doxey; price 50.]
GRYLL GRANGE.'
This is a reprint in Macmillan & Co.'s
"Illustrated Standard Novels" series. The
book itself is by ho means new, seeing that
it was planned in 1856 and published in
1861. It is a satire, written almost in the
form of a play, with the ' name of the
speaking character opposite his part,
though minus the direction of action. ;•
Prefixed to each chapter are favorite
quotations .of the; author, Thomas Love
Peacock, from the classics. This is a man
ner of writing much favored \by the late
Thomas Hughes of "Tom Brown" fame.'
The satires are distinctly English, though
they refer to manners and customs long
since obsolete. Some of them are politi
cal, though the majority touch on social
matters. xx'X. :.-\X2'7 .:.-.■•• y--xxx
i The competitive examination, that sore
subject of debate :in England for many
years, comes in for treatment. This fact
alone would prove I that Gryll Grange has
little value to the reader beyond | as 1a 1
reminder of ; out-of-date theories and dis
cussions. = Peacock's, antipathy to English
universities, % too. was ; quite unwarranted.
It appears to \ have ;■ been, in 7 the words ■of
George | Saint-bury,* who has prefaced the
present edition, "one of the most enduring
of his "crazes. probably because it was
always the most unreasonable." "■".' '
It must be said, however," that there is
••I- EXPECTED TO FIND YOU KILLED."
[Reproduced from "Gryll Grange."] v
much of quaint wit in Gryll Grange, which
would probably cause it to find favor in
the sight of admirers of Thackeray's ear
lier works and Moore's satirical! verses.
The satires of Gryll Grange appearing to
day are just as opportune as these. [New
York: Macmillan & Co. For sale' by
William Doxey; price $1 25.]
FOUR-LEAVED CLOVER.
This is the title of a book of Stanford
rhymes by Charles Kellogg Field ('95),
reprinted from the student publications,
and illustrated by Donald Hume Fry ('95).
The rhymester celebrates events and ex
periences of the first four years of Stan
ford University— lß92 to 1895, inclusive.
Some of the pieces possess considerable
merit. Here is
THE DEDICATION*. :
My four-leaved clover groweth not.
Upon Parnassus steep,
But on the Palo Alto hills .
v Where Stanford poppies sleep;
And though these song-weeds cluster not
Beside the Muse's well, . -»:r -
The Spring-filled Lit?unlta Lake
Perchance may do as well.
No brilliant bloom, but rooted deep
In Stanford loyalty;
Their still small voice may speak to those
' Who share that love with me,
■ Who once within a cloistered place
' , . Were college-mates of mine,
' ' ' . In clover there for four sweet years
'.-■ That bore the stamp divine. -:!_• . : ; '■[■.
. Then, though this lyre have but two strings,
One Love, the other Beer,
I calmly dedicate them both
To every Pioneer. -
Accompanying the volume is an "apol
ogy" by David Starr Jordan, president of
the university, who declares that the
rhymes of young Field are part of the
traditions of Stanford — "original docu
ments" in its academic history. He re
minds the "sober and decorous public, to
.whom these rhymes were not addressed,
that they are not to be taken too literally,"
as "love and wine in youth are metaphors
only." [San Francisco: William Doxey,
publisher; cloth-bound, price, $1 50.]
STATESMAN'S YEARBOOK FOR 1890.
The thirty-third annual publication of
this j well-known work is replete with in
formation, not only valuable for business
and professional men, but absolutely in
dispensable for all who would keep abreast
of the times. The present number con
tains several well-executed African maps,
showing the Transvaal, Bechuanaland and
the 'Matabele country, now. the scene of
warlike events. . '*_■
There is also a colored map of tne dis
puted territory in the Venezuelan ques
tion, and one. of Upper Burmah, Anam
and Siam, illustrating the Indo Chinese
frontier. To illustrate the geographical
features of the Russian frontier incident
on the Pamirs there is a colored map show
ing Russian Turkistan, Bokhara, Afghan
istan, Chinese Turkistan, the Pamirs,
Kashmir and Little Tibet. The informa
tion as jto the j people, products, govern
ment, . military strength, resources, etc.,
of all the countries of the world is most
complete.
[New York : Macmillan <_ Co. For sale
by William Doxey; price, $3.]
TALES BY BELGIAN WRITERS.
"The Massacre of the Innocents, and
Other Tales." by Belgian writers, trans
lated by Edith Wineate Rinder, has just
been issued in the Green Tree Library
scries. The titular story is by Maurice
Maeterlinck, and the translator declares
that it is the only prose tale which he has
: ever published. Georges Eekhoud is the
author of three of the stories ; he is de
scribed as "one of the captains in the
great realistic movement which derived its
first potent, influence from Balzac." The
translator says that perhaps the Belgian
life of to-day is, in several of its aspects,
best mirrored in the almost brutally direct
narratives of M. ' Eekhoud, in the vivid
realism of Camille Lemonnier's stories and
in the broad i and sympatnetic "Mounte
banks" of Hubert Krains. All three au
thors furnish representative short produc
tions to the collection of Miss Rinder. '< In
all, nine Belgian writers are introduced in
the volume at hand. [Chicago: Stone &
Kimball, publishers. For sale by Doxey;
'price, $1 25.] .. ___________ ; - -."/: ;--"-""-:
- BRIGADIER GERARD. ,; *
The "Exploits of Brigadier Gerard" are
familiar to many readers from having pre
viously appeared in various publications.
Now that they are gathered in book form,
however, they will be gladly welcomed by
every lover of adventure. Dr." Doyle evi
dently found material for the creation of
his hero in the historical deeds of General
Marbot, that dashing leader of light cav
alry in the Napoleonic wars. 7 Marbot 's
memoirs tell sometimes of ventures that
test the credibility of the reader, but there
is a vim and vraisembiance about them
that never, fail to. charm. ; Granting;;; that
Marbot has served as the model for Gerard
it must be admitted that the artist has
done more than make a cony; he has given
us almost a new creation and if in some
places the j tints are applied too lavishly
the effect, as a whole is pleasing. [New
York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale by
William Doxey; price, $1 50.] .
; HTPNOTISM UP TO DATE.
1 Sydney Flower ; of Toronto, Canada,
claims to be the mouthpiece of such men
as ; Herbert A. Parky n, M.D., lecturer on
psycho-therapeutics in the Illinois Medi
cal College, Chicago, in the production of
the wort*, "Hypnotism Up Ito Date," is
sued as No. 56 of the Unity Library. .; The
object of the work is to aid in rescuing
hypnotism •; "from * the clutches of the
charlatan," and -of "preserving it in its
natural jj i form ;'; to ; the $. world." It is 'con
tended that * hypnotism lis ; not at ail won
derful; that it is a.valuable aid to medical
science,- and -that s every intelligent | man
and woman is a,; hypnotist. 77 Hypnotism,
, in fact; is described | merely as "aelf-delu
sion," and in the practice of it there is
claimed to be no possibility of] harmful
effects. The book, contains 160 1 pages of
explanation. [Chicago: Charles H. Kerr
& Co., publishers. Paper covers; price,
25 cents.]
THE ISLAND PARADISE.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has
issued a large edition of a little paper
covered book containing Leigh H. Irvine's
poetic descriptions of "The Palace of the
Sun" (Haleakala) and "Hawaii's Burning
Mountain" (the active volcano of Kilauea).
The sketches originally appeared in letters
to the New York Sun (1894). The frontis
piece of the present volume is a fine repre
sentation in colors of the crater of Kilauea.
The Oceanic edition is for free distribution.
It contains other information concerning
scenes and pleasures to be enjoyed in the
Rainbow Islands, as well as a statement of
the necessary expenses of a trip thereto.
ANOTHER NEW POET.
Charles Leonard Moore has published a
volume of "Odes," written by*" himself.
The contents embrace, among other things,
hymns to Cybele, Oceannsand Porphyrion,
an elegy on Edgar Allan Poe, and an ode
to America. Mr. Moore is evidently a
well-read person, very fond of Greek and
Roman mythology, who is the victim of
an unwarranted am Dition to become a
poet. Mr. Moore deserves sympathy.
LITERARY NOTES.
R. H. Woodward Company, Baltimore,
Md., announces a new book, "Story of
Spain and Cuba." This book is written
by Nathan C. Green, the well-known au
thor and former resident of . Cuba. It is
beautifully illustrated with nearly 100 en
gravings and is sold by subscription.
The Merriam Company (New York)*
will shortly publish a new novel, "Apples
of Sodom," by Marie St. Felix, author of
"Two Bad Brown Eyes," "Patricia" and
"A Little Game With Destiny."
A book, of historical interest • is "The
Courtships of Queen Elizabeth," by Mar
tin A. S. Hume, the editor of the calendar
of Spanish, state papers in the Public
Record office. Mr. Hume says in his
preface that he has often been struck by
the failure of historians of the time to ac
count adequately for what seems merely
perverse fickleness on the part of perhaps
the greatest sovereign that ever occupied
the English throne, and that he has un
dertaken in this book to . show how a
•strong modern England was rendered pos
sible by the fixity of purpose and con
summate statecraft that underlay the ap-
S arent levity \ and capriciousness of the
tieen's actions. ■
■Macmillan & Co. will publish in the
early autumn another volume in the
American edition of. their Elementary
Classic Series, "Selections from Cornelius
Nepos," by J. Edmund Barss of the Hotch
kiss School, Lakeville, Conn. It will con
tain, besides seven "Lives" and the "Prse
fatio," notes, maps, a special vocabulary,
word groups, and exercises based on the
text for translation into. Latin.
Clarence Urmy, tbe poetic San Josean,
has the following lines "To a Singer" in
May Lippincott's:
Thou hast a gift of gifts: go seek for bliss :
In far, strange lands, through long and weary
years, -
Thou wilt not find a sweeter boon than this.
The power to move thy listeners to tears.
- The first of a series of papers on South
Africa which Professor James Brlce, M. P.,
is to contribute to The Century appears in
the May number.
. Maurice Maeterlinck, "the Belgian
Shakespeare," is nutting the finishing
touches to a piece in five acts, entitled
"Aglavalne et Selysette." It will be pro
duced in Paris in the course of the spring.
A new novel by George Ohnet is in the
press. It has not appeared in serial form.
The title is "L'lnutile Richesse." The
book, - whose theme is the inability of
wealth to insure happiness, was suggested
to the author by the unhappy career of
poor young Max Lebaudy, but it is in no
sense a roman a clef.
An exhaustive history and description
of Caen, one of the oldest and most pictur
esque towns in Normandy, has been writ
ten by Eugene de Robillard de Beaure
paire. The volume, which is the result of
the labor of many years, will be issued in
Paris. It has been very copiously illus
trated by Paulin Carbonnier.
A French version, revised by the author,
is about to appear of three essays by Count
Leo Tolstoy on Zola. Dumas and Guy de
Maupassant. j In the guise of a preface the
volume will contain letters by Dumas fils
and Emile Zola. :, .
An important work dealing with French
colonization in Western Africa will shortly
be published in Paris. The author is M. A.
Verdier, who for many years was French
Resident at Grand . Bassam. "Trente-cinq
Annees de Lutte aux Colonies" is the title
of the volume. : '
The second volume of Henri Rochefort's
memoirs is ready. It deals with the great
pamphleter's first exile r. from '■ France,
with the death of Victor Noir, the Franco-
German War, the fall of the Empire and
the Commune. : '-- "\-.'--'-
A waltz arrangement of Paul Dresser's
song, "Just Tell Them That You Saw Me,"
has been made by Theodore F. Morse, the
well-known composer, and .will appear in
the May number of Ev'ry Month. -
..'• Miss Barlow is engaged upon a new vol
ume of Irish*. stories,*; which will be pub
lished in the Iris Library as a companion
volume to her "Maureen's Fairing.''.; *
Macmillan & Co. will commence imme
diately the publication of their translation
of the works of Friedrich Nietzche. The
first volume will be "The Case of Wag
ner." .*,-' *. ■■■■':■' : .'-.''■■: ■",'•'.?'•"-■-.*-■->■•/
William Canton's new volume, "W. V.,
Her Book, and : Various Verses,"; will be
published in London 7 next ; month. It is
somewhat on the same lines as his tender
story, "The Invisible Playmate."
: The next volume in^Heinemann's Inter
national -Library; is to be a translation
which Miss v Ethel Robertson* has made
from the Danish of 'Jacobson. The vol
ume is entitled "Siren Voices.": Follow
ing it in the same series will come a trans
lation of "Niobe," one of the best known
stories of Jonas Lie, the Norwegian writer.
The discontinuance of Frank Leslie**
Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls and
Frank Leslie's Budget is. announced.
These 'magazines are stopped solely be
cause of the determination of the manage
ment to concentrate all efforts on Frank
Leslie's Popular Monthly, which, on ac
count of its rapid growth in circulation
and influence, demands more attentions
than the publishers had to bestow while
handling other publications. -.'
v The May number of the Parisian is at
hand. It is a magazine devoted chiefly to
the | reproduction in English of contem
poraneous articles from tbe leading French
and other Continental periodicals. It is
published in New York.
Miss Mary E. Wilkins has written a new
novel, entitled "Madelon," which Messrs.
Osgood will publish in London during May.
Of the young American writers, says the
London Chronicle, English admirers re.
gard her as the one most likely to perma"
nently interest English people. She lives*
in Massachusetts, and "Madelon," like
"The New England Nun," and "Pem
broke," relates to New England.
The illustrated "Lee of Virginia" series
is continued in the May number of Frank
Leslie's Popular Monthly with a paper by
Henry Tyrrell, relating to General Lee's
part in the momentous events of the years
1859-1862. These events include the John
Brown raid at Harpers Ferry, the seces
sion of the Southern States and outbreak
of the Civil War, General Lee's resignation
from the United States army and appoint
ment to the command of tie Confederate
forces of Virginia, his campaign in the
West, the establishment of Jefferson Davis
at Richmond as President of the Confeder
acy, the first battle of Bull Run and Gen
eral McClellan's invasion of Virginia by
way of the Peninsula and advance upon
Richmond. , , ;
Godey's Magazine for May is a fine num
ber. Rnfus R. Wilson, in "Seeking Both
Ends of the Globe," tells how half a dozen
able explorers are setting about finding
the poles. Beaumont Fletcher gives a
study of the interpretation of "Camille"
by Bernhardt, Duse and Nethersole. V.
Robard contributes a survey of Teutonic
work in statuary under the title, "The
Masterpieces of German Sculpture," and
there are valuable chapters relative to the
"Great Singers of America," and "Music
in America," as well as much fiction, fact
and fancy. -
The Lincoln paper in the May McClure's
will contain some very interesting unpub
lished letters and anecdotes, showing Lin
coln's rare tact and sagacity as a political
manager, even as a young man. It will
also describe Lincoln's life in Washington
as a member of Congress in 1847-1849, and
reproduce from the newspaper in which it
was reported at the time an important but
now unknown speech of Lincoln's made la
New England in 1848. A number of rare
pictures will appear with the paper.
There will also be a number of good, strong
short stories, among them a railway story
by Cy Warm an.
The complete novel in the May issue of
Lippincott's is "An Impending Sword,"
by Horace Annesley Vachell of San Luis
Obispo. The hero enters the service of a
California millionaire, whose domestic
peace is endangered by the threats and
wiles of a relentless enemy. . Some queer
entanglements ensue.
Scribner's Magazine for May opens with
the most intimate account of Robert Louis
Stevenson in his home life that has ever
been published. This is the first of two
papers by Mrs. Isabel Strong (his step
daughter and amanuensis), which are to
be published under, the title of "Vailims
Table-Talk. " From time to time while
acting as Stevenson's secretary, Mrs.
Strong put down bits of conversation,
characteristic epigrams, a jest, or serious
talk— just as they occurred. These papers
are therefore the authentic record of
Stevenson's every-day life by one who had
his confidence. The papers are illustrated
from photographs in the family albums,
which give an equally veracious portrai
ture of the family life 'and travels. Many
of the anecdotes will pass into Stevenson
history, and an additional charm is given
to the first paper by two poems of more
than 100 lines, which never before have
been published.
72x{7'i NEW TO-DAY. '-••"' c : 'xx
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAQQiOINI KID GLOVES. ....
OUR ADVERTISER
FOR THIS WEEK!
SPECIAL
SALE
*>D JT\ EL* 3L*4
tiifoi
LADIESHOSE
Hundreds of dozens of Ladies'
Hosiery almost given away. - '
■72' 400 DOZEN LADIES'
BLACK HOSE
AND
400 DOZEN LADIES'
TAN HOSE,
In superior quality cotton, with
high-spliced heels t and
double soles, at
A D OEJ3STTS
10 APAIR!
THE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
OFFERED IN THIS CITY.
Our regular patrons are ad-
vised to call early.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NEWMAN .LEVINSON,
125, 1«7, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORJ--742 and -744 Mark**
Street.
2324
AT THE THEATRES
EVEN Max Nordau, in a pessimis
tic mood, would scarcely have
dared to predict last Sunday that
in this enlightened town a pair
of ridiculous mideets would all
week monopolize more attention than the
united attraction of Richard Mansfield
and Roland Reed in new plays. But, sad
as it is to relate, this came to pass. Peo
ple went in their hundreds to see the im
mortal Richard and the sprightly Roland,
but it is scarcely an exaggeration to say
that they went in their thousands and
tens of thousands to gloat over the mid
gets. There were satisfactory audiences
at the Baldwin and the California, but at
no time had you to take your life in your
hand in order to obtain an entrance, nor
having once been carried in on the surging
tide of humanity were you made to feel
like a sardine packed in a box that was too
tight to hold you. These experiences were
reserved for patrons of the midgets, but
every one cheerfully, aye gladly, under
went bodily pain and mental anguish to
obtain a glimpse of the little fellows n ht
ing like bantam roosters — and yet we
grumble if Nordau says our end of the
century tastes in the drama are degen
erate.
Even from an end of the century stand
point, the debutante at Grover's Alcazar !
should have been as much mobbed as were
the midgets, for she boasted a recent di- ,
vorce, gowns from Paris and a fiery un
tamed ambition to achieve dramatic dis- j
tinction, In these days a divorce, coupled I
with gorgeous gowns, is enough to secure i
a woman much less gifted than Mrs. Auze- ,
rais Hoyte a week of stage idolatry. But !
Mrs. Auzerais had a martyr's record to add
to her charms; her trip to Alaska, to try j
the effects of the modern drama on the j
virgin souls of the klootchmen is still fresh
in our minds. It was an expensive trip,
and the gowns, like those now to be seen
on the Alcazar stage, were from Paris.
But the klootchmen, though they had risen
to the requirements of big sleeves and
theater hats, were not advanced enough to- ;
ward civilization to see any superiority in j
Paris apparel ; their taste ran more to big I
red checks made at home, and acting I
was thrown away on them. They merely j
grunted in their own expressive but quite
uncultured manner, when asked to pur- J
chase tickets for the Auzerais show. Even
the white residents of Alaska showed a I
painful indifference to the refining influ- !
ence of the modern drama, and the Auze- j
rais troupe came home, their pockets full j
of emptiness, but their hearts full of the j
proud consciousness of having suffered j
for the cause of art. . All her sufferings, i
oil her gowns, even her divorce, however, i
did not make Mrs. Auzerais the real sen- j
sation of the week that is past. Even she
had to play second fiddle to those ridicu- !
lous midgets.
They have no Church and Stage Guild in
New York yet, as they have in London,
but things seem to be progressing that
way, to judge from a recent announce
ment. There is a play now running in the ,
metropolis known as "The Village Post- \
master." It is described as a corned-beef i
and cabbage drama, with a genuine rain
storm at the end of the first act, a thresh
ing machine worked by two real $4 horses,
a sure-enough haystack, a bona fide apple
tree, with new fruit every night and one
or two turkeys or chickens. The author
has filled in the places where these things
aren't with quaint New Englanders, who
make love and show no symptoms what
ever of disordered intellects. "The Vil
lage Postmaster" is so bucolic that the
scent of the hay is almost borne across the
footlights, and it is so free from any of the
nasty morbid qualities that deface many
modern dramas that the management has
made bold to advertise "Clergymen's
matinees" every Wednesday afternoon.
The idea is a distinctly new and precious
one, for if the pastors go the flock will
surely follow. '.'Clergymen's matinees,"
if a success, will thus open up endless in
ducements to dramatists to refrain from
-seasoning their plays with vice. Plays are
a good deal like the little girl in the nursery
rhyme, "When they're good, they're very,
very good; and when they're bad, they're
horrid." If the "clergymen's matinee"
idea takes with the cloth, the public will
at once know that a play which has been
received into the odor of sanctity can be
classed as "good," and enterprising mana
gers of such plays will no doubt proceed
to advertise "church members' matinees*
and "Sunday-school matinees." There
are even press agents bold and unblushing
enough to proclaim loudly that the plays
they represent are eminently fitted for
"churchwardens' and deacons' matinees";
but, no! the soul recoils at the idea of a
deacons' matinee. Even the press agent
holds something sacred. -
Columbia Theater. '
Rivarde, the Franco-Spanish violinist,
will make his San Francisco debut at the
Columbia Theater to-morrow night, on
which occasion he will be assisted by Wil
liam H. Keith, the California barytone,
who has been winning laurels in Europe,
and by Aime Lachaume, the French pian
ist, who visited this City about a year ago
is*__fei_-**ir-*«*_^^
with Eugene Ysaye. There will also be
an orchestra of over forty musicians, un
der the direction of H. _". Stewart. The
programme is as follows:
Overture, "Oberon" Weber
- Orchestra.
Etudes symphoniques. Schumann
M. Aime Lachaume.
Solo, Dio I.ssente ("Faust").. Gounod
William H. Keith.
Violin concerto : Mendelssohn
(a)— Allegro molto appassionato.
(6) Andante.
(c) Allegro molto vivace.
M. Achille Rivarde.
Women's procession to the Minster (''Lohen
grin") Wagner
Orchestra.
Polonaise flat) Chopin
M. Aime _achaui_e.
Solo, Liedt-r Schumann
William H. Keith.
Airs Busses Wieniawskt
M. Achille Rivarde.
Toreadore el Andalouse . . Rubinstein
Orchestra.
1 There will also be concerts on Tuesday,
Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday
evenings, as well as a Saturday matinee.
On Saturday evening a performance of
Congreve's comedy, '-Love for Love," will
be given at the Columbia by students of
Berkeley University. The play, which
was recently produced successfully at
Shattuck Hall, was revised by Professor L.
D. Syle, and the prologue and epilogue
were revised by Isaac Flagg. The proceeds
of the performance are for the English de
partment library.
Baldwin Theater.
Richard Mansfield and his New York
Garrick Theater company will commence
the final week of their engagement at the
Baldwin Theater to-morrow night with
"A Parisian Romance" in which Mans
field appears as the battered old roue, the
Baron Chevrial. The role of the rich old
banker affords him magnificent opportu
nities and he makes the most of the telling
lines and effective situations. The great
est feature of the play centers in the ban
quet scene in the fourth act where the
Baron is seen entertaining a number of
actresses and club men, and where he is
suddenly seized with convulsions and dies
in the very midst of the hilarity.
"A Parisian Romance" also affords good
opportunities to Beatrice Cameron, who
appears as Rosa. This play will be the
bill to-morrow and on Tuesday and Satur
day matinees. That strong dramatic pro
duction, "The Story of Rodion, the Stu
dent," will be repeated for the last time
on Wednesday night. Mansfield will ap
pear as Beau Brummell for the last time
during the present engagement on Thurs
day night, and on Friday evening he will
appear for the only time as the Rev.
Arthur Dimmesdale in "The Scarlet Let
ter." The next attraction at the Baldwin
Theater will be Eddie Foy, who, sur
rounded by a company of comedians, will
present for the first time in this City the
comedy success, "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown." ■ '•'■ ■
•;•■"'.; California Theater.
"The Politician" will remain at the Cali
fornia Theater during the week. Both Ro
land Reed and Isadore Rush have become
popular in their roles of the Politician and
the Twentieth Century Woman, respec
tively, and the play itself has been found
to contain plenty of ■ brightness and vi
vacity. '.
Monday, May 4, Primrose and West's
Minstrels will open a season at the Cali
fornia Theater. Among other black and
white artists of the minstrel variety this
organization will bring George Wilson, A.
W. Hulme, Alex Cameron, W. H. Win
dom, J. Wall and the colored boy singer
Master Eddie. This entertainment will
also include descriptive views presented
by the Millar brothers.
Grand Opera-House.
"Lady Lil," a play identified with the
name of Lillian Lewes, will be put on at
the Grand to-morrow night. The story is
an Austrian one, dating back some thirty
years to the time of the Austro-Prussian
war, and though the plot is to some ex
tent military, it also savors strongly of
circus life. Indeed, the heroine herself is
an ••equestrienne" at Prague, and it is
Ler prowess in the ring which attracts to
her side two, brothers— the hero and the
villain -of the story, -tlany of the situa
tions are strong, and. the interest of the
spectator is held from start to finish.
Among the scenes that have been pre
pared by Sydney Chidley and his staff is
one representing the corridor of a circus,
with a* view of the menagerie. Another,
is the moonlit ruins of the Boehmlsch
Truban. \ X y -. -■ - . ■■• .xx)x
777.7Z'- !. Grover'a Alcazar.
Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte will play the role
of Mrs. Bisbon, the romantic wife, in Leon
ard Grover's "My Son-in-Law," at the Al
cazar to-morrow evening. The author
will play Bisbon, which ranks ; among his
most successful impersonations. Leonard
Grover Jr. will be Mr. Uppers, a character
ization that served to introduce him to
this City, and Hsreward Hoyte will be
he son-in-law. ':. For the first time - here
Miss May Noble will play Sara Turnheart,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
Fanny Young will have a very congenial
part in Mrs. Uppers. The rest of the cast
will be fully up to the Alcazar's standard,
and the play will be carefully mounted,
t It is stated that "My Son-in-Law,"
though produced in San Francisco over
150 times, .has never been seen in New
York, although offers have been made for
it. Leonard Grover announces that he
has concluded arrangements with the
"Pudd'nhead Wilson" management to
produce "My Son-in-Law" in New York
next season. __^
■■7x7 Tivoli Opera-House.
"Bluebeard" is in its last .nights at the
Tivoli. The second edition of the home
made extravaganza has proved as good as
the first, and the medley of coster songs
by Ferris Hartman, together with tbe
specialties of the De Filhppis, Gilbert and
Goldie, Fannie Liddiard, Thomas C. Leary, I
Kate Marchi, W. H. West, John J. Raffael
and Miss Irene Cook, have all gone to make
up a successful extravaganza production.
After the run of "Bluebeard" a scenic i
revival of "The Chimes of Normandy" will
be given. This will be followed by a pro
duction of Dellinger's "opera, "Lorraine"
which will be heard in this City for the
first time. _2
At the Orpheum.
The Hopkins Trans-Oceanic Company
will continue during the present week to
be the attraction at the Orpheum, or more
correctly sneaking, the Rossow Brothers,
athletic midgets and pugilists.will continue
, to be the attraction at the Orpheum, for
-*, ■ ..*
these little performers seem to stand in
higher favor than any attraction in the
vaudeville line seen in the City for a long
time. /v: ■:*', ■
Among the other members of the com
pany, ¥ ulgora, the transfigurator, does a
clever act, which shows that he is as suc
cessful behind the footlights as he is as a
manager and organizer. The other per
formers, with one exception, are all up to
the standard. Next week most of the
members will appear in new acts, and they
will close after Saturday night's perform
ance, May 2. Sunday. May 3, a complete
new company, direct from New York, will
make its California debut at the Orpheum.
New Auditorium.
Professor D.M. Bristol will open his
performance of educated horses, mules and
ponies at the New Auditorium to-morrow.
The troupe consists of thirty horses, who
perform numerous tricks and antics. The
opening or the show takes the form of a
school, in which various tasks and duties
are assigned to the horses.
The most intelligent and accomplished
of the animals is Sultan, a horse who made
quite a sensation in London over a year
ago and who has achieved an international
reputation for sagacity and mathematical
accuracy. He tells time, works sums in
arithmetic, aud even gives the proper
answers to questions proposed by persons
in the audience. The second part of the
entertainment consists mainly of feats of
physical .skill and balancing, many of
which seem to require the exercise of a
reasoning faculty. There will be matinees
Saturday and Sunday.
' Macdonough Theater.
Peter F. Dailey and his company, open
at the Macdonough Theater, Oakland, in
"The Night Clerk..to -morrow, night, their
season closing with Tuesday's perform
ance. On Wednesday evening, the 29th
inst., the violinist, Rivarde, assisted by
Aime Lachaume, pianist, and William
Keith, barytone, will give a concert at tne
Macdonough, with an orchestra of forty
musicians.
Carr Benefit.
There is every prospect of a large attend
ance at the testimonial concert to Mrs.
Carmichael Carr, which takes place in
Golden Gate Hall on the 30th inst. Among
the artists are Mrs. Carmichael Carr, Sigi
mund Beel, Miss Sofia Newlands, B. Jau
lus and J. Josephs.
Daly's Shakespeare Dinner.
The New York Shakespeare Society has
given a dinner in Augustin Daly's honor,
and by so doing has called down on itself
the wrath of a number of critics, who ac
cuse Daly of having dallied in a more
irreverent way with the immortal Wil
liam's works than any other manager,
living or dead.
These critics say that when Daly wanted
to make cuts in Shakespeare's plays he
did it with a meat ax, that he has "popu
larized" the bard's works by introducing
into them "turns" whose proper place is
the music hall, and that though Augustin
is a wise and worthy gentleman the
average person who reads Shakespeare and
has been in his theater will receive the
news of the dinner with . shouts of
laughter.
John Dennis Jr. says: "If it should be
proposed for the Society for Painting
Scenery by the Mile or the Association for
Producing Preposterous Reds and Impos
sible Greens to give him a dinner, I should
applaud. .■■"-
But. Shakespeare is a different matter.
"The plain, simple, unadorned and un
prejudiced truth is that Mr. Daly Knows
little about Shakespeare, and cares* less."
Sousa'a New Opera.
John Philip Sousa seems to have grown
tired of being known only as & march
king. In fact it is an open secret that he
has pined to shine in music of a more
exalted character than "The Washington
Post March" and "The Cotton King."
Operetta is not a very much higher
sphere than that in which Sousa now
shines, particularly operetta of the De
Wolf Hopper variety, but it opens the way
to higher possibilities, and on that account
Sou.a has reason to congratulate himself
on the great success which the De Wolf
Hopper company has made with his "El
Capitan". in ; Boston. Indeed it seems
probable, from the way the papers speak,
that we shall soon have dinned into our
unfortunate ears from every piano, every
band and j every . whistling messenger-boy
on his errands bits and snatches from "El
Capitan." ' - , •; .
_ The action of "El Capitan" passes in
Peru, though it is s.id that unfortunate
country never saw or dreamed of such
Peruvian feminine angels :in silks and
satins, or such magnificently costumed
gentlemen as appear in the performance.
Hopper's make-up rather surprised his ad
mirers, accustomed as they were to gaze
on the well-known ; Hopperian ' features.
He chose Don Quixote for his model, and
so appears with fierce mustache and
beard, armed cap-a-pie.
■■■ Charles Klein, the librettist, has en
livened the work with a number of spark
ling lines and comic situations. The chief
characters are Hopper, the newly ; : ap
pointed Viceroy of Peru, who when the
insurgents are ready to mob him ' masque
rades as El Capitan, joins the rebels and
leaves poor little Alfred Klein to be point
ed out as the Viceroy Klein, who is the
unfortunate victim of Hopper's scheme
for self-defense, and of Mrs. Hopper, as Es
trelda, who falls in love with the alleged
valiant Capitan j and wants to marry him.
Miss Alice Hosmer, the Spanish Princess,
who is the wife of the masquerading Hop
per, makes it exceedingly warm : for him
when she discovers Estrelda's intentions.
Dramatic Brevities.
Elita Proctor Otis will star next season
in tbe "City of Pleasure" and "Carmen."
Chevalier, the coster singer, has been
getting .1500 per week during his stay in
New York. ... : V^-V"---:;,-
"The Heavenly Twins," a dramatization
of the popular novel, will shortly be pro
duced in London. •
The band in "The Politician" is capable
of making enough noise for a genuine
political gathering.
Sydney Rosenfeld has another American
comedy oh hand, which he calls "A Fash
ionable Physician."
The Chicago papers state that Maxime
Elliott has left for California to join the
Frawley stock company.
Richard Mansfield will close his engage
ment at the Baldwin next Saturday night
with a "Parisian Romance."
The invaluable press agent affirms that
John Drew cares not what is said of him if
the fit of his clothes is not criticized.
Sir Augustus ' Harris has given up his
announced intention of bringing "Cheer,
Boys. Cheer," to the United States next
season.
Eddie Foy will be starred in a new com
edy next season by William A. Brady.
The piece will deal in a humorous manner
with the X-ray.
Sol Smith Russell is accused of medi
tating a revival of "Katheritie and Petru
chio" for next season. It is probable that
he is not guilty.
Ellen Beach Yaw, the California girl
with the phenomenally high voice, will
open her series of concerts in this City on
or about June 1.
At Native Sons' Hall, Tuesday evening,
the 28th, a grand production of the drama
"Forgiven, 1, under the direction of Messrs.
Kilgo and Stanhope. .
Mme. Modjeska has left the East for her
California ranch, where she hopes to re
cover the use of her arm, which has been
struck with paralysis.
Hoyt's Australian "A Trip to China
town" company is now fully organized
and will start West in a few days. The
company will play some of the largest
cities on the way out.
Copenhagen is to have a woman's the
ater, with women to manage it, women to
act all the parts, and women to write the
plays. A beginning will be made with a
play by Margaret Thorson.
A New York theater prints at the head
of its programmes:
: The way to deal with the :
.' -,_ :';:"■ bio hat :
.* Is to take it off. :
Louis Frechette, the Canadian poet
laureate, is writing a play for Sarah Bern
hardt by special order from the actress.
It will deal with Italian life in the seven
teenth century and is to be finished on
May 23.
It seems the announcement that Elenora
Duse has been secured for the Columbia
Theater in June was somewhat premature.
According to letters received from the
East Duse will be sailing for Europe
about that date. s; ;;•::•
Mounet-Sully has been giving readings
of the Lenten sermons of J'ossuet. Had
the celebrated tragedian, who is by re
ligion a Protestant, followed the wishes of
his mother he would now be a pastor in
stead of an actor. Strange as it may
seem, considering the great success which
has attended him in the career he chose,
he says he sometimes regrets that he did
not follow her advice.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The National Convention— S., City. On the
third ballot for a city for holding the National
Republican convention San Francisco stood
for itself.
Tt-EBOR— E. C. 8., Oakland, CaL The word
"Tuebor" that appears on a button worn by
firemen on the lapel of the coat is Latin and
means "I will protect."
Amputated Limb-A Reader, City. When A.
told you that the amputated limb of a man
does not decompose until the man himself
dies, he must have been testing your credulity.
Pectohal Cross.— Crux, Soldiers' Home,
Santa Monica, Cal. The pectoral Cross is one
worn hanging on the breast by Roman
Catholic and Greek Bishops as one of the
insignia of rank.
Manchester Riot.-A. L. M. City. Allen,
O'Brien and Larkin, who were charged with
participation in a riot in Manchester, that was
lollowed by a death, were executed in that
city on the 23d of November, 1807.
Cheysakthemums-E. H. J., City. Thosejwho
make a business of raising chrysanthemums
propagate them from slips at this time of the
year in the hothouse until they are strong
enough to be placed in the open.
! Annual Interest— B., Napa, Cal. As there is
no public record of the amount oi United
States bonds and railroad securities held in
foreign conntries it is impossible to give "the
amount of annual interest due foreign coun
tries on bonds, both railroad and Government,
payable by the United States."
The New Woman— D. E., Vallejo, Cal. § Nearly
every magazine oi Importance in the United
States in the past year has had articles on the
new woman, and these have also published
many articles on tne bicycle and the new
woman. Look at the bound volumes of these
in the libraries and you will obtain all the in
formation you desire.
British Vessels— J. c. 8., Sausalito, Cal.
None of the masters of British merchant ves
sels are sole owners, but some own shares in
the vessels they sail. There are not many of
these. The highest wages paid \ a captain on
British vtssels is twenty pounds sterling per
month. They are not allowed any percentage
on the cargo the vessel carries.
To Callao— A. S., City. One may go from
San Francisco to Callao, Peru, by sailing ves
sel, and the trip is made in about twenty-five
days, but such transportation is very uncer
tain. The most rapid way is to go by steamer
from San Francisco to Panama and from there
go by steamer to Callao. - The Consul for Peru
can Rive additional information.
Trotting— E. c, Ocean View, Cal. No horse
ever trotted under two minutes. The best
record was made by Alix, one mile in 2:03%,
at Galesburg, 111,, j September 19,1894. This
was in a match against time and the horse,
driven by A. McDonell, was accompanied by a
runner. The fastest mile trotted by a gelding
was by Azote in 2 :04% at Galesburg, 111. ,
Longevity— A. 8. R.,; Oakland. According
to the New York Medical Record, married peo
ple live longer than single, and those who
have to work hard for their living live longer
than those who do not, while also the average
rate of longevity is longer among civilized
than uncivilized races. People of large phy
sique live longer than those of small, but those
of medium size beat both. . "
. Seven _ ears' Absence— R.'H. 8., City. If a
husband should leave his wife; and. during a
period of seven years she did hot hear from
him, and at the expiration of that time she
should marry again, the fact that she had not
heard from her . husband for : that number of
years \ would be a defense to an action for
bigamy, for that period of time raises a pre
sumption that the party is dead. :■
Gettysburg— C. X., City. There are a num
ber of historians who claim that the battle of
Gettysburg was the decisive battle of the Civil
War, and that it was the turning point of the
great contest; but there are others who dis
pute this assertion and hold that it was not de
cisive, because the Union soldiers did not fol
low up the advantages they, had gained and
permitted Lee and his men to recross the Po
tomac. *',".'' '■JT-V.'-V
Balance of Trade— B., Napa, Cal. During
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1895, the ex
port of merchandise amounted to $793,392,
--599, of gold and silver $113,358,500. Total,
$906,751,099. During the same period the
import of merchandise amounted to $731,969,
--965, gold and silver $44,690,254. Total, $776,
--669,249. Excess of total exports $130,081,
--880. These are figures furnished by the
United States Bureau of Statistics ot the Treas
ury Department. -_-"___- *."---' ■•.--s *-,.*•';•■-.
Flying Jib's Record— C, Ocean View, Cal.
The following is the record of Flying Jib the
pacer: Eight hundred and eighty yards,
1:00%, in race at Terre Haute, Ind. , Septem
ber 29, 1892; 1320 yards, 1:31%, same date
and place; one mile, 2:04, 2:05%,
2:06%, 2:08*. and 2:08%, fastest, five
consecutive heats. Mascot won first, Flying Jib
second and Guy the* rest. This was also at
Terre Haute. Flying Jib, one mile, with run
ning mate, 1:58*4, half in 0:59; at Chillicothe,
Ohio, October 4, 189-1. ;".••;.•:■--;
Sewer Bonds— E. E., San Quentin, Cal. To
bond a certain district for sewer improvements
in this State, the petition of the people of the
district in which the work is to be done must
be presented to the Supervisors of the county,
who, if the petition is according to law, will
order an election, and if two-thirds of the votes
cast in the district favor the proposition the
work shall be ordered done. Bonds may be
issued payable in twenty years, one-twentieth
each year, the amount to meet the indebted
ness and interest to be levied by a tax on the
owners of property in the district.
The Death Penalty— L., City. In a trial
for murder the jury is the sole judge of the de
gree of the homicide, and if it decides that it is
a case of murder in the first degree, it has the
right to declare that the penalty shall be im
prisonment for life, if it returns a verdict of
murder in the first degree, without signifying
that the penalty shall be imnrisonment for
life, then the court must impose the sentence
of death. A judge of a Superior Court of this
State has no right to instruct a jury to find a
verdict of murder in the first degree or other
degree.
A Beneficial Order— Certes, Halfmoon Bay,
San Mateo County, Cal. The objects of the
organization known as the Independent Order
of B'nai B'rith is to unite the Israelites on the
broadest basis of philanthropy, to inspire the
spirit of patriotism among its members, teach
its members and their children to love and
respect the American flag, to care for the sick
of the order, to bury the dead and to provide
for the widows and the orphans.. Every mem
ber of the order who is married must take a
beneficiary certificate for $2000 in favor of his
wife.
Justice .of the Inquirer, Eagle
ville, Modoc County,, Cal. The law of this
State says "the justice courts shall have juris
diction of the following public offenses com
mitted within the respective counties in which
such courts are established," and then follows
the list of offenses over which they have juris
diction. This, it is held, makes them county
officers. The law then says that "no county
officer must be appointed or act as the deputy
of another officer of the same county, except
in case where the pay of the officer so ap
pointed amounts to less than $75 per month."
Survivors of the Jeann-otte— G. D., City.
The following list of officers and men of the
Jeannette, showing the assignments to the
boats and their final fate* or disposition, is
taken from the records of the court of inquiry
that convened to take testimony as to the loss
of the vessel:
Cutter No. I— Lieutenant-Commander George W.
de Long. Passed Assistant Surgeon J. M. Ambler,
Jerome J. Collins, meteorologist: Seamen 11. ('.
Kaai-k, Karl A. Gortz. Adotph Dressier, Hans H.
Erickson, Ah .Sam, and Alexey, dcgr driver and
hunter; Coppersmith Walter Lee and Coal-heavers
."else Iversen and G. W. Boyd— nil died in the Lena
Delta. Seaman W. F. C. N'lndemann and Louis P.
_*oros, who were sent ahead for relief, appeared as
witnesses before the court.
Cutter -.'o. 2— Lieutenant C. W. Chipp, Seamen
W. Dunbar, Alfred Sweetman, Harry D. Warren.
Peter E. Johnson, Edward Stark* and Albert G.
Kuhne and Coal-heaver Walter Sharvell, of which
boat, with the crew, no record exist, subsequent to
the gale of September 12, 1881, when they became
separated from the other boats. *
Whatebon-— Krwineer 'G. W. Melville,
Lieutenant Dinnenhower: Seaman John Cole, res
cued by natives, afterward an inmate of an asy
lum for the insane: Fireman James H. Bartlett,
retained in Siberia to assist Lieutenant Haber:
Seamen • 11. W. Leach, Henry Wilson, frank
E. Manson and Aneguin, left in Siberia
to . assist Lieutenant Haber (Aneguin 'who
was a dog-driver and hunter, died at Kirnisk);
Coal-heaver John I auterbach , left , with Haber
and Seaman Charier: '***>ng Sing. These were all
rescued by natives aiiJ all with the exception of
Aneguin and Cole were witnesses before the court.
A Plea for Impartiality.
In a life insurance case a .Federal Judge
recently charged as follows, says the Case
and Comment: :.:
"Now, gentlemen of the jury, I try to
close my eyes, as well as I can, to the
fact that a woman and child have any in
terest whatever in the result of a contro
versy when it is brought into court. I can
not always do it. I don't suppose you can.
It is not expected. If a man can do that, he
is no better than a brute. He is as bad as
the heathen is supposed to be, and worse
than the horsethief is thoup-ht to be. If
he close his eyes to that fact, lose all sense
of decency and self-respect, he would not
be fit for a juror. But, so far as it is pos
sible for you to do that, you do so, and de
cide the case precisely as you would if it
was between man and man, or between a
woman and a woman."
And yet the insurance company took an
exception to the charge.
• The Holland dikes are from 10 to 40 feet
in height. .. *i ; -
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street. Between Btoc_:oa aal Pa fit-
Matinee To-Pay (Sunday), April 26.
l'arquet, any seat,' 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any pare.
HOPKINS' TRAIfS-OCEASIC COMPANY!
The Greatest Traveling Vaudeville
Organization in the World.
THE HOSSO\7(7-S,
TDK NAMEDOS.
APOLLO, HORACE BENNERS,
SHARP AND PLAT,
FORD AND FRANCIS,
TOM MACK, THK EVANS,
CLAYTON, JENKINS and JASPER,
FTjri_.QOß, A.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
? Open To-Day from 10 A.M. to
11 P. M.
THIS AFTERNOON I
Daring Balloon Ascension and Para-
chute Drop by
MISS ESSIE VIOLA,
Princess of the Air.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
I CHILDREN-ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, sc.
y.. Ladles— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons, sc. .
ANNUAL ROSE SHOW.
CALIFORNIA STATE
FLORAL SOCIETY!
•_E---_T3_.X_i-_a_.o_E_ i_:ot-_ij
/' ■Maple and Marble Halls),
I . APRIL 30, MAY 1 AND 2,
Admission, Day...;...... .....25 Cents
.■'••' Evening (Music) 50 Cents
' Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM,
• ■;■ - . Corner of Mason and Ellis sts. •
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 29,
FIRST RECITAL GIVEN BY
PEARL LADD,
The Wonderful Child Pianist.
: T1CKET5..... v.. ...„,....,.... 60 CENTS AND fl
] On sale at the principal music-stores and at the
i Auditorium the eve-dug of the recital. • > x
■ -..■'■■ NEW TO-PAY— AMUSEMENTS. -.____
ArHAYMTcO THEATERS.
* at the: a For Congressman Vote for Peter Woolley.
CALIFORNIA For President Vote for— — Hit
ow^ ROLAND REED
—IN THE "LATEST SUCCESS
THE FOLITICIAIV!
O_E»., _C-13C3_3 *\7«ro2V_:__k._Nr ,, e» -e»j_i___.3>j*___:_
Week of ROLAND REED as General Josiah Limb.r.
Last Week of the Great Convention Scene.
Last Week of ISADORE RUSH as the 20th Century Woman.
Monday, May .-PRIMROSE AMI WESTS MUSTRELS.
_iz_z_z_z_zz_z_z_i_ziz_zizizzz_z_izz_i
ft*. AT THE . 1 MONDAY, APRIL 27 LAST WEEK.
oALDW.N MONDAY, APRIL 27 LAST WEEK.
RICHARD =:= MANSFIELD !
And His New York Garrick Theater Stock Company.
Monday and Tuesday Evenings and Saturday Matinee W p_\£|s[AN ROMANCE
Wednesday' Evening- THE' ironorMHdli'na STUDENT. Thursday Evening-
BEAU BBUMMKLL. Friday Evening (only time)— THE SCARLET "LETTER.
Saturday Night (by request)— Oß. JKKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
Monday, May 4-THE STRANCiE ADVENTURES OF MISS BROWN, with EDDIE
FOY and a Great Cast.' ■,"_-'-•■•.■
WILL SHE
GUESS IT?
THE
STRANGE .
WHAT ADVENTURES
ARE OP
MISS
BROWN?
POPUP POV WILL TELL HER
ClyUlJUf IVI At the Baldwin, Monday, May 4;
IN THE FUNNIEST PLAY OF THE CENTURY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO gSS^g^ggga^ Sol, Le«e. and Man**
TO-MORROW EVENING - -•-.- - - - MONDAY, APRIL 2 7 ,
"IT IS A GREAT PLAYI"
That Is What the New York "Herald" Said of Onr Coming Production— THE
GREAT AUSTRIAN PLAY, **™ »•*.»■.* -"-f" 3
-__.-_-__D-_T I_.IL!
S || THe Great Circus Scene I I S
"R. I *<*f_>**S_s*_^ £3
H3 i! The Moonlit Ruinsl ITH
THE <3-R,:E. ATEST. SHOW in TOWN" !
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
Fbiedlak d e it, Gottlob A Co., Lessees-.Managers
SIX GRAND PERFORMANCES,
■Mil WHIM II
Monday Evening, April 27
Tuesday Evening. ........April 28
Thursday Evening April 30
Friday Evening. May 1
Saturday Matinee.... May 2
Sunday Evening May 3
Introducing here for the first time
-: RIVARDE:-
The Great Spanish Violinist,
\ ASSISTED BY
M. AIME LACHAUME.... The Pianist
MR. WM, H. KEITH Barytone
And a Grand Orchestra of Forty
Selected Musicians.
MR. H. J. STEWART, Conductor.
PRICES 50c, 75c, $1 and $1.50.
Note— At the Thursday evening concert, by re-
quest, M DONALD D_ V. GRAHAM will be the
vocal soloist. ______^^_________________________
rmtDLAfIOLR. .OTTLOD ft m... aid nAttM-it*. • • •
EAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT I
A Laugh from First to Last.
EZRA KENDALL and His Company In
"A PAIR OF KIDS."
To-morrow Evening— The RIVARDE Concert.
ft^^^-XLCAZAR
MATINEE TO-DAY— 25c, 15c, lOe.
MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
And Company.
"EVERYBODY'S FRIEND" and
"THE SETTING SUN."
Monday— Magnificent Cast and Produc-
tion of "MY SON-IN -LAW." .
Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte, the Grovers Sr. and Jr.,
Hereward Hoyte. '
Night Prices— Best seats.... 6oc. 35c, 25c, 15c, 10c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Next WEDNESDAY EVG-One Concert Only,
Pll"V^_.Ft_D__3 !
■■■■•_ . "_ The Great Spanish Violinist,
Assisted by M. AIJfE LACHAUME, pianist: MR.
\V M. H. KEITH, barytone, and a Grand Orchestra
of Forty Selected Musicians. H. J. Stewart, con-
■ ductor: John Marquardt, concert-master.
Prices— SOc to 81 50. Seats now selling.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
_, ■ _ (OAKLAND).
Two Nights, beginning TO-MORROW (Monday).
PETER F. DAILEY ? '
•„_■_•_■ In the most mirth-compelling success.
Til© NIGHT ______ _=*____
'*Xi» * ou Can't Stop Laughing * ~T^.
Prices - ••• • 25ct0»1.
SUTRO BATHS
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS.
—ALWAYS RUNNING-— -
-GIANT ; WHEEL, HAUNTED SWING,
Mystic Maze, Punch and Judy.
Grand Concert Saturday and Sunday.
Admission 10c; Children sc. '
SUTRO_BATHS.
REMEMBER, THE
MONSTER MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
INTERESTING >' PROGRAMME ALL : DAT !
A BEAUTIFUL QUEEN! 'MAGNIFICENT
FLORAL DECORATIONS!
ONE THOUSAND CHILDREN IN GRAND
• "..; MARCH AND FANCY DANCES! .",
Admission, 10c. . Children, 5c. .
THE AUDITORIUM.
Friedlander, Gottlob A Co, Lessees and Managers
'■'■■'*'' ■•'''*> -X : 7 ■ A- _J
' COMMENCING MONDAY, APRIL 27.
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Two Matinees— Saturday and Sunday.
PROF. D. M. BRISTOLL'S
EQUES-CURRICULUM!
The Finest School of Educated Horses
in the World.
Horse Arranging School Horses Fishing With
. Furniture— as Rod and Line.
Monitor. Mule Valet. Mute Clow*
Horses in Mathematical Horses Rocking.
Problems. Horses as Guests.
: Horse Distinguishing Horses as Waiters.
Colors. Horse Postmaster.
Horses in a Swing. Horse Mali-carrier.
Horses Leaping Over Horse Ball-catcher.
Their Fellows. Horse Leaping from
Horse Churning. Flying Swing to
Horses Teetering. i:r. Trapeze. - * !
Horses Rolling Barrels.
RESERVED SEATS— IS, 25, SO Cents.
Children at Matinees. IO Cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. E_u._sT.3r-s KEiuxa, Proprietor A Manager
_C-C>*-_NriC3r___C-J7 — — ,
A POSITIVE TRIUMPH I—-
-33 THE SECOND EDITION
Xj Of the Brilliant Spectacular Extravagant*,
S "BLUE BEARD I"
33 New Songs, Ballets, Specialties, \
_£ THE "CHEVALIER" MEDLEY
SOF COSTER SONGS. •',■'• '
*___> The Favorite Medley ot .Negeo Aim.
The Wondrous Transformation Dances,
"RAYS OF LIGHT."
Popular Prices— 2sc and 800.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
APRIL 30th — AT 8:15 P. M.
A CONCERT WILL BE GIVEN TO
MRS. CARMICHAEL-CARR
Prior to her departure for England.
- The following will assist :
MISS NEWLAND, MESSRS. BACHELLEB,
BEEL, JOSEPHS and JAULUS, a Double
,:*.;.;:; Quartet from the Loring Club and
■•^TIXXJ- the San Francisco Quartet. * : . •**,'-"
Tickets, including reserved seat, 60c, to be had
at Sherman, Clay <_ Co.'s. * J
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
<_>__■■ ____n-r--
Cor. California and Mason streets. * ft
The. Annual Spring: Exhibition, 1 1
Including the James D. Phflan prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples .in plastic art, is now
open dally from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., . including Sun-
days. organ Recitals Sunday afteraoous from j 3
to 4. Admission 25c. ' *
Concerts Every 1 hursday Evening.
Admission SOc. ■•-.-■,-';
RACINGI RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
:. '* — -WINTER MEETING -
Beginning Thursday, April lath,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK. j
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursda*
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MURE RACES EACH DAY. •
Races start at 2 -.00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ' ate -'
R. B. MILKOV. I THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.
Secretary. -.-■ President.
■..-,. . . "I
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPOT^
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open 'Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices,
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c; including a£
mission to the grounds. "«*"<* "**•
«;.,. ™ REAMER URIAH
o . l ! 1 /_-* Tlb « ron *>*****f 10: A. M., 12:10 P. M..
a. it,, I, 3 and __•.__,Edited by MARY W RICHARDS
The Queen of the May.
Who shall be Queen of the May?
Not the prettiest one, not the wittiest one» /
"Nor she with the gown most gay ! /
But she that Is pleasantest all the day through,
With the pleasantest things to say and to do—'
Oh, she shall be Queen of the May!
Now for the stories. Look sharp for
them next Sunday. You have had two
weeks in which to write them, and we
must have a few days in which to read,
compare and select the very best ones!
Don't feel badly if yours does not appear.
It was fun to write, anyway, and next
time yours may be the very best.
Again I must ask you to write on only
one side of your paper, and do not expect
me to return any manuscript. Make two
copies in the first place if you wish to re
tain one for yourself.
Before another "Childhood's Realm" is
presented to you tearful April will have
gone and bright, joyous May will be shed
ding her light and love over all, and in
the days to come hundreds of children
will roam green hillsides filling their arms
with dainty wild flowers and their hearts
with sunshine and gladness.
"What Flora Saw When She Went in
Search of the Fairies.
"Mamma, I'm going on a tour of Inspec
tion this morning. I have been reading
how the fairies visit so many little girls,
grant their wishes and all tbat sort of
thing, and as they have never been to see
me I am going in quest of them."
it was a beautiful morning, so Mrs.
Lawrence readily gave her consent. With
"Carlo" for a companion the little girl
Etarted forth.
"Now, old doggy," she said, "I don't ex
actly know what to do. but 1 have an idea
that fairies live near streams of water and
think' we had better go up the canyon."
Through this canyon a beautiful stream
flowed; beautiful enough to be the haunt
of the Naiads as it sparkled over its bright
pebbly bed, here and there leaping over
projections, making waterfalls, or again
parting into a -triple stream as it passed
some intrusive bowlder. £;_____■
Flora felt half inclined to give up her pur
suit and play' with the soapsuds she saw
floating on th. water, but stored that i
up in her mind as a pleasure for some <
future day arid continued her search for
fairyland. ** 1 • ' ' _ :-• ••■:.■ .;■
"I suppose, Carlo." she said, "we shall
have to make inquiry concerning- the
abode of these tiny creatures, for I can see
no sign of their whereabouts.
"Look, there is a red-breasted 'sap
sucker,'listen to its tap, tap, tap on the
top of tbat old stump 1 Maybe he, too, is
hunting to find just what we are."
She cautiously approached, but before
■she could put her question, the sap-sucker
flew off. k '-■■--"-• ■-_
She next saw a swallow flitting hither
and thither, hi 9 breast of violet green
glowing most gorgeously as it caught the
bright sunlight, but his appearance was
Fuperior to his manners, for he paid not
the slightest heed to Flora's questions,
only continued his ceaseless darting to
and fro. t •'* V
She was not yet discouraged, however,
end when she heard the sweet notes of a
thrush, she exclaimed: "Surely that must
be the musician who furnishes sweet notes
for the nimble-toed folk whom I seek," so
she slipped noiselessly into the thicket,
but the warbler ; having finished his song,
took flight, and the little girl was left with
nothing to do but wonder about his mis
sion. 77 X X. 7.,X:X..7X> 7;.:
Carlo glanced at his mistress with looks
which said, "I, too, share your disappoint
ment."
"Never mind, old boy, we shall try once
more," murmured the child, gentlv'strok
ing his shaggy coat. "There is a mourning
dove; it has known disappointment also,
•WAS IT ALIVE ? "
[Reproduced from * ' Our Little Ones. "]
and will surely sympathize with me, if
nothing else."
Approaching the dove with a great deal
of reverence she was about to state her
business when the bird flew away, still
crooning her mournful lay. "I don't be
lieve she knew anything of fairies, any
way; she is so very mournful she would
give even them the blues.
"Yonder is a saucy bluejay, but I shall
not question him, for i "well know our
little fays would never, never confide their
secrets to such a chatter-box, nor to that
group of chirping blackbirds, either.
FLORA LOOKING FOR THE TINY CREATURES.
"List, Carlo, list; surely this is a mes
senger from fairy land!" exclaimed Flora,
with her eyes riveted on a brilliant hum
ming-bird, mouth open, sipping dainty
swoets from blossom here and there, but
alas, ere she could utter another word the
exquisite creature darted off,' leaving her
spellbound by its dazzling beauty. '■- :•
"I confess now, dear old doggie, that I
am worn out for to-day. I really believe
that little winged creature could have
given me the knowledge I so long to pos
sess, but it seems to think that life is but a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -APRIL 26, 896.
day long. and it must make the most o
that day. Mamma will think the fairies
have carried us off, so we must hasten
homeward.
"We have spent a very pleasant day and
have seen many pretty things, even if we
did not find the magic spot where the
queen of the fairies holds sway." xx-,7.
;\;;:^: Alice Sill.
{To be continued next Sunday.)
~— — ~ — ■—* — ~-
Jakey, the Mine Mule.
Jack was a "mule-whacker" in a coal
mine near Braidwood, in Illinois, and ;
1 Jakey was a fawn-colored mule. Jakey
was such a small, long-eared, thin-legged
mule that he looked more like a donkey,
but he could pull a loaded minecar full of
big lumps of soft coal out to the shaft as
well as any mule in the stable.
When Jack's fourteenth birthday came
his father told him that he must go to
work to help support the family. This
pleased Jack immensely. He had never
been to school and he could scarcely tell
one letter from another, but he knew
every road and working in the mine. He
. could explain how the coal was due out
loaded in small cars and named to the
"bottom," where it was run on to the
"cage, ' as the elevator was called, hauled
to the top, dumped over the tipple and
into the big coalcar, which stood on the
switch track. So he felt as happy as
though some one had given him a suit of
clothes when he walked to the office with
his father to talk to the "pit boss."
"All right, John," said the great man
"take Jack below and we will make a
; mule-whacker of him."
I When Jack, with a new lamp which
i looked like a tiny coffee-pot with a wick
i sticking out of the spout, reached the bot
tom there stood Jakey .trembling and
staring with frightened eyes into the
darkness. He had just come down and
the mule "boss" grinned, when he told
Jack to take Jakey to the stable. - '
The stable was as queer a stable as could
be found. It had walls of coal and shale
a roof of shale and a floor of clay, and it
was lighted with a miner's blinking lamp.
Nearly twenty mules stood quietly in the
stalls when Jakey was brought in, but as
soon as they saw him they began kicking
and squealing and making a" great noise.
This seemed to give Jakey courage, for he
Eut his long ears back, kicked up his little
md hoofs and squealed back at them.
The^mule boss grinned again when he
he heard Jakey's squeal and said: J -
"He's all right, Jack. He'll stand it."
And Jack stepped up to Jakey, put on a
bridle and led him down the road to the
place where his father and brothers were
working.
The first day was a hard one for Jakey
and Jack, ■ for Jakey was obstinate . and
frightened and sometimes Jack ;' lost his
temper and whacked him with his leather
whip until his arm ; was tired. But in a
week Jakey was the quietest -mule in the >
mine. When .he ;; had x been 7, below g six
months his rough hair had grown soft and
silky as the hair of mules does when they
are kept in a mine for a long time, and be
and Jack were the best of friends. v
One morning Jack had just reached the
bottom ready , ; for work - when , a terrific
blast of air knocked him down. ..Instantly
the boom of an explosion followed and the
mine was I full of . dust, smoke * and gas.
Then the rock came roaring and tum
bling down - around Jack's I head. A huge
piece of shale struck him and he lost con
sciousness. ; He lay there for a long time,
and when he opened s his ' eyes | all was
black darkness. His head and arm felt
heavy and wet and he knew that he was
hurt. But he .was delighted *to find that
he could stand and .walk a step or two,
i although he knew that the shaft, was ,
filled with v broken , timbers. He heard a
whinny, then a squeal j and the noise of
hoofs kicking against wood. / ' . v
,; V Jakey," he cried, "Jakey," and again
he heard the whinny. After searching for
a time he found his hat ; with the lamp
still hooked in the front. He lighted the
wick. Then he .wrapped his bloody fore
head with a piece of coat lining and
started down the main road toward the
stable. He crept under and through the
broken timbers and clambered over the
heaps of coal and shale and ' gradually
worked his way to the stable. The roof
had fallen down and killed every mule in
the place except little Jakey, and he was
squealing and kicking energetically against
some boards that had fallen in his stall.
Jack put his arms around Jakey's neck
and cried, and Jakey rubbed his head
against Jack and nibbled his coat. Sud
denly another crash came and Jack and
Jakey were, shut in by great ! masses of
earth and coal, for the roof of the main
road bad fallen in.
For two days and nights Jack and Jakey
were prisoners. The air became so foul
that Jack could scarcely breathe it, and
after a time he felt sleepy and then he
knew nothing more until he opened his
eyes in his own room at home," with his
mother bending over bim. ,
. "Oh, it is dreadfnl/' said his mother.
"There are ten men Killed, but none of us,
none of us ; and Jack, you, too, would have
been dead by. the gas if Jakey had not
brought the men to you. He squealed ana
kicked so that they heard him. and they
thought perhaps some one might be alive
near him. Bo they worked hard and dug
out the stable road, and there was Jakey,
"Jack Put His Arms Around Jakey's
Neck." ) x - :
squealing and kicking, and you right under
him. But he was careful not to step on
you or hurt you."
Jakey, the hero, was brought to the sur
face and never went below again. He was
hitched to a cart and hauled props to the
■-haft, with Jack for his driver.— Chicago
Record.
'.Too Little and Too Big.
To-day I asked my mamma If I could whittle,
Yes I did.
"Oh, no; my girlie," said she, "you're too little,"
So she did.
But Tom stepped so hard right on my toe
I cried. I did. • ''< . V
She said: "Oh. you're too big a girl to cry out so."
. That's what she did. ;•*--.
Why can't I cry if I am little?
Or, if I'm big, why can't I whittle?— Exchange!
The Polite Captain.
One of the large New England coasters
has a captain who is noted for his extreme
politeness. He is also impressed with a
great idea of his own importance, ana
loses no opportunity of impressing it on
his crew. One day a new hand was
shipped, and, being evidently an old salt,'
was given the wheel. The captain came
up ana put the usual question, "How's her
head?" "Nor' by east," was the gruff
reply. "My man,'' said the captain, "on
this craft, when one of the crew speaks to
me. he -.Ives me a title of respect. ~ Let the
relieve you at the wheel, and then you
take my place and ask me the question". _ I
will then show you how it should be an
swered." They accordingly changed places.
"How's her head?" roan cl the tar. "Nor'
by, cast, sir," replied the captain, with
emphasis on the "sir." . "Then keep her
so, my man! while I take a smoke," was
the startling rejoinder from the old repro
bate. For the first time on record that
captain lost his temper. — Golden Days.
A Natural Boy.
"Don't want to be a statesman.
Don't want to study hard;
Sooner spin my bright new top,
And play around the yard.
"Don't want to be a Webster,
Don't want to be a Blame;
Sooner play at •Indian,'
And tomahawk the slain.
"Sooner be 'just Willie,'
With kites and games and toys;
Sooner be allowed to run, |
And make an awful noise."
Cobsie I. Babtle*tt.
The Care of a Watch.
Few people seem to realize what a deli
cate instrument a watch is. This is shown
by the fact that nine men out of ten per
sist in winding their timepieces at night,
when they retire, instead of when they
get up in the morning. According to a
well-known watchmaker, the winding
•-.- • .. J i • - .■'.•■■.-:■■■■:•< •
"We Will Make a Mule-Whacker of Him"
should be done in the morning, so that
the spring shall be at its strongest tension
during, the day, when the watch is more
liable to jolts and shocks of various kinds.
At nig it the comparatively weak spring
will have nothing to disturb it. A watch
should be oiled every eighteen months. It
might run years without lubrication, but
the wear and tear on the works will in the
end work devastation. - The watchmakers
are also rejoicing in the fad for women's
watches, especially those who do a great
deal of repairing. The average woman
may be depended upon to neglect her
watch, particularly in the small detail of
winding it. In proportion to the number
sold; there are twice as many women's
watches brought back for repairs as men's.
The April Rain.
Soft comes the April rain to bud and flower
And tender grass— the shrinking violet
Unharmed receives the gently falling shower '
And scarce her petals by its Rift are wet- '
The bluebell, peeping from the trellised bower '
Holds v her tiny goblet to the sky. " '
Till on its rim a dainty pearl ia set,
such as the Indies cannot give, nor buy.
Hid in the fragrant blossom sits the bee
Secure: the oriole forgets bis melody, v. '
And trails his scarlet wings, his ebon bill
i ->: Uplifting gratefully; and, as I look, the hill "'*
Is bathed Id sunlight; ceased the gentle rain
And bird and bee take up their song again , '
Hobkrt _*. Hodex In Youth's Companion.
. ;/ Why Dogs Turn Around.
:;■ Every one has noticed the peculiar habit
of all dogs in turning: round several times
before lying down. % This ! funny J habit I is
believed to be doe to the ways of the wild
animal, which found it necessary. -; to ■> turn
around its bed ;of : weed, or grass several
times in order to break the . vegetation
down to make a comfortable resting-place.
An Early Riser.
A mother, commending her daughter
for a situation, was asked *if she was an
early riser. ,-'.*■
"An early riser!" she exclaimed. "Well.;
I should think so! Why, she's up in the
morning and has : breakfast ready and
makes all the beds before "any one else is
up in the house ?"— Youth's Companion.
Stamps.
Very few girls are numbered among
stamp collectors. It seems very odd that
the girls have no desire to share the
pleasure of gathering stamps with their
brothers. It is certainly a pleasing and
easy occupation. :\_X.
The rarest stamp in this country at the
resent time is said to be the 20-cent St.
ouis of 1845; value quoted at $3000.
I. From the following quotation the
vowels and the letter s have been dropped :
(a) ndr th prdng chtnt tr
Th vllg rcthy tnd .
Th mth mghty mn h
With lrg nd nwy hnd, •
nd th mcl f h brwny rm
r trng m bud. - '
(6) Who is the author ?
U. I am composed of letters three,
And on the way I am to thee;
My dress and jewels are bright green,
■;-.;-/,'; With life and joy I fairly Deam:
"My first is found in miles away,
My second you see in pleasant day i
My third in YanKee Doodle gay,
And also in this simple lay.
.111. (a) What city in the United States should
be called "Red City?" (6) When is a small boy
like a terrible disease? (c) Why should we
never look for rain on the Sabbath? (d) When
may silver be used for dress trimmings?—
[From exchange.] :■*•■■:
IV. Transpose the letters of a short measure
ment and get a portion of the face.
V. What holioays come next month?
Correct answers to puzzles of April 19:
I. Bat, cat, vat, mat, sat. rat, hat, Pat, fat,'
tat. /
11. (a) Still, stall; (6) broad, bread.
111. Boil, coil, foil, toil, soil.
IV. Pirate, irate, rate. ate.
VI. Abraham Lincoln.
Correct answers , for April j5 . received
from Dora Crawford; Hallie Parmenter,
Pearl Moore, Lizzie M alone and Hazel
Brock. * '
For - April 12 from Roy E. Warner,
Charles A. Loring, Myra Houx, Julian
Wright, Oscar Angilley. Hilda Lippi, Alice
Bell, Leonora Malone, Blanche Williams,
Mamie Connolly, Gerald Malone, Hazel
Bell, Augusta Williams and Elinor Merril.
For April 19, from Alice Bell, Lillie A.
Maskow, Laura Sablatschan and Hazel
Bell. :
Centerville, Alameda County. Cal.,)
April 20, 1896. j
Dear Editor: lam endeavoring to write you
my first letter. I like the children's page very
much. Papa takes The Daily Call, but I never
looked at it till to-day, and I thought I would
like to write to you. Igo to school every day.
I am going to be 10 years April 27, and hope
to have a birthday party. Mayme Santos.
Nicasio, April 20, 1896.
Dear Sir: My/ papa takes The , Call. I am
one of the first ones at the postoffice on Sun
days to get our paper. I enjoy reading Chil
dren's Realm. I only wish there was a page
for little folks every day. I have a little sister
named Gertie. She is 5 years old. I hope I
will see my letter in Sunday's Call. Your lit
tle friend, Charlie McNeill (9 years old).
San Francisco, April 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: As this is my first letter to The
Call, although we have taken The Call tor
quite a long time, I would be much obliged to
you if you would publish it. You will rind a
story about the picture in Sunday's paper here.
Your loving friend, William Niexburg.
818 Waller street. _ •< * * .
Berkeley, Cal., April 14, 1896.
Dear Mr. Editor: I wrote you before, and was
very glad to see my letter published, v
We had our pictures .taken at school, and
they all came out very nicely. :.: xj -
lam 13 years old. My birthday is on Decem
ber 2, so I am a little Winter Bird, but still I
am called Spring Chicken, which of course I
am not. My brother's name is Edouard, but his
nickname is Doctor. :■ x...x- ; .. , ; : > - ■-.
Last summer I went to the Sandwich Islands.
It is very hot there. I learnt ; how to swim
while I was there. : The fruit and flowers are
'all very nice.
I have got a bicycle, and I can ride it too. It
is lots of fun riding.
The fruit in Berkeley is quite small and
green and the fruit trees all look fine. -":,
I I have tripped the trolley and ; shot the
"We ere very close friends, bat 1 bate him by night,"*-
The Message
fp)l
l__L>lue eyes veiled with m -sty light
As if dazed by v is«on bright'
fn garden bed, on bended knee -
This is what our Doris said.
Dor is. ivith the golden hecLoL*
"Rose so pretty, talK to me,
Tell me something sweet cunot true,
What the ange/S said to you.
When they dressed you. all in rea.
s>®}t and low, d 5 silver bell
■ With cadence Sweet that rose and fell
This is what the flower told. '.'
o To the child with hdir o| gold
Thi*, -s *vh,at the angels Said
When they decked us dl) in red
irVe love you, we love you
Andrew sweet elf, with eves 50 _/,,__
. And hdir 0} gold tue
The t die dgdm to you •-*> told
.> W^fe v^ ; Y ou v, we ' ° ye y ou
chutes. I like the trolley better than the
chutes. It is great fun to go whizzing through
the air. The first time I went on them I was
a little bit scared. xxMx-
I hope to see my letter published In the Sun
day paper. xx:. Xx ;.'', :•.":■•■■'•'
I will now close. lam your little friend,
:■•".'' Jeannette B. Woods.
Lodi, CaL, April 13. 189.6.
Dear Editor: We are cousins and our folks
take The Sunday Call. We always read the
children's page, and as we have never seen any
letters from our town we thought we would i
write. Our ages are 9 and 10 years, and we go
to school.
Hoping to see our letter in next Sunday's
Call, we remain your little friends, . ..■■-■':* XX,
Pearl Wallace and
Nellie Norton.
Nevada City, April 18, _896.
Dear Editor: I live near the mountain town
of Nevada City. Almost every one thinks it is
a pretty place, being nestled in among the
high hills and lofty pines. Our principal in
dustry is mining, and I expect a good many of
the boys and girls who read The Call would
think it a great treat to visit our mines and go
down into the "depths of nature" and see how
the gold is extracted. I send the answers to I
the puzzles: (1) Boat, (2) Sacramento, (3) j
| Madam, (4) Practice makes perfect, (5) Little
I beginnings make big endings. lam 12 years
! old and, walk a mile and a half to school.
Yours truly, Lester Kirk hah.
Chico, April 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you.
lam 7 years old. I was born here and have !
lived here ever since. This is considered a
very pretty town. It is sometimes called the
"City of Roses," because they grow here to
perfection. -
They nre sometimes planted as hedges and in
between shade trees. I take great pleasure in
reading Childhood's Realm. My papa does not
take The Call, but 1 hope he will soon. Your
little friend, - w,r- - Lucille Clark.
Farmington, Cal., April 13, 1896. :
Dear Editor: I never have seen any letters
written from this place so I thought I would
write. My papa takes The Weekly Call and I
read the children's page and I like it very much.
I have seen very many letters written and so I
thought I would, write for my first time. This
is all for this time. We have a garden and I
will describe it next time. . I hope to see it
printed in the next Call. Your reader,
Leonard Richter, age 12 years.
Somersville, April 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: My stepfather takes The Call.
I read the children's page in the Sunday's pa
per. I send a little story I have written about
the picture in last Sunday's paper. It is my
first story. I hope you will not throw it in the
waste-basket. I shall be very much pleased to
see it in your paper. Your little friend.
Dottie Kingsley, 8 years old.
Vallejo, Cal., April 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: I would like to write a few lines
about Vahejo, my home. It contains from
6000 to 7000 inhabitants, and was named after
General Vallejo, who founded it.
The county derives its name from Solano, an
Tbe Old U. S.S. Hartford as She Now
Lies Awaiting Repairs at Mare
Island.
[Drawn by Douglas Eraser.)
Indian chief, who lived here.'with his tribe
years ago.
Solano County is noted for its fruits, which
are sent East in large quantities. :
South Vallejo has a flourmill' which ships
flour to nearly every country in the world.
Lying about a half mile west of Vallejo, in
San Pablo Bay, is Mare Island Navy-yard. It
was called Mare Island from the fact that in
early days. once, when General Vallejo was
taking a load of horses in a barge to Vallejo,
the barge upset and aU the horses were
drowned but one mare, which swam to Mare
Island, hence the name Mare Island. Mare
Island furnishes work for about 600 men at
piesent, but there have been 1000 men at work
at one time during the last year.
There are a good many Government vessels,
some undergoing repairs, in the bay. One of
these is the old Hartford, which served in the
Civil War as Admiral Farragut's flagship.
I inclose a sketch of the old Hartford as she
lies alongside of the wharf at Mare Island.
Douglas Fraser, age 12.
. San Francisco, April 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you, I
am a boy 9 years of age. My papa takes The
Daily Call. I enjoy the Childhood's Realm
very much. I go to the Edison : Primary
School. I can read very nice. Sometimes I
write letters to friends in the country and they
say I write pretty good. I hope you will think
it is good. I will now close, hoping to see my
letter in print next Sunday. Your friend,
Bektrano Farrzl.
San Francisco, April 13, 1896.
Dear Editor : I like The Call very much. I
think it Is better than the Examiner. We took
the Examiner for a long time, and then we
changed to The Call and I felt very badly,
but when Sunday came, and when I looked
over the paper I found the children's page I
was very happy. I am a little girl 10 yearsold,
ana I hope my letter will be printed in the pa
per next Sunday. I wish the children's page
was every day. Yours truly, Ada Chapman.
April 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I have a pet bird. It will sit on my
finger, kiss me, walk up the ladder, go to sleep
and sit up in my hand. I must close now,
hoping to see this in next Sunday's Call. Your
faithful reader,
Rebecca Payne, age 11 years. '
41 Northeast Sixth street, corner of Couch,
Portland, Or..
Visalia, Cal., April 12, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call and
every Sunday I enjoy reading the children's
page. My papa got his left leg broken and I
have the work to do. I have been trying to get
the puzzles, but I could not succeed until to
day. I think that i have got the answer to the
fourth One, it is thus: Construe this puzzle:
"Time and tide wait for no man." Please pub
lish this in The Sunday Call. Your reader,
- Susie Hog an, aged 12 years, 3 months.
"Children," said the teacher, "tell me
the name of something belonging to the
animal kingdom." Carl instantly raised
his hand. "What is it. Carl?" "A little
wnrrum," said Carl. The teacher smiled.
"Who can give me the name of another
animal?" Carl's hand fairly "wiggled"
with excitement." Well, Carl?" "Another
little wurrum!"
Lucy, aged six years, fell and hurt her
arm very badly and when she went to bed
her mother tried to bandage the injured
place. Soon the little one was heard call
ing: ;,-:'v
''Mamma, this bandage isn't in the
right place, I fell down higher up than
that," " .
Teacher: "Suppose you were king, Tom
my, what would you do!"
Tommy: "I'd never wash my face any
more." ■ : *. "
Said Jim: "As down the street I walked
A mortar trough I spied.
I slipped, fell in, and, do you know,
I felt quite mortarfi ed !"
It is very uncertain when glass was first
employed for the transmission of light and
other optical purposes, or how long any of
the nations of Europe have enjoyed the
benefit of glass windows. Parkes says the
best buildings in Herculaneum had win
dows made with a sort of transparent talc.
IBESBSIII '
rips
' r #f§
A smart Broadway, New
York, druggist haa
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling. 1
Is it any wonder that he i
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that haa
such a motto as that.
2526
OVERBOARD
IN THE
INDIAN
OCEAN
IN the 50's the Liverpool sailor board
ing-houses were managed by women.
They were all alike. They put up
all sorts of jobs on poor Jack to beat
him out of his hard-earned money,
and when penniless they would force him
aboard some outward-bound ship with a
curse and a frown.
The only time these women showed any
kindness to the sailors who poured money
into their laps was when they returned
from a long .voyage with fat purses. They
were then received with open arms and
greeted with no end of smiles. There was
plenty of butter for their bread /and they
were treated to the fat of the land. But
this condition of affairs never lasted very
long, for as soon as their pocketbooks be
gan to grow lean the smiles on the faces of
these landladies turned into frowns and
instead of butter one received black looks.
The bark that I was on had returned to
Liverpool from a voyage that we made to
Odessa, in the Black Sea. Two of us de
cided to leave and ship "'round the Horn"
for California. There was a month's
wages due its, which we drew, and went
to Mrs. Swanson's sailor boarding-house,
in Kent square. She was recommended
to ns as a kind, motherly woman, but we
found her no better than the rest of them.
She was a big, fat female with a beery
looking face and a coarse voice that
sounded like a man's. Her husband was
a Swedish sailor, who went to sea in sum
mer and in the winter she kept him home
to help around the house.
When Mrs. Swanson learned that we
bad but little money there was no butter
for our bread and she divided one red her
ring between two of us. We had been
in her house but a few days when we no
ticed the dark shadows gathering around
her face and it got to be very squally in
the dining-room.
"Why don't you and that Dago go look
for a ship?" she said, with a scream, as she
threw the tail end of a herring on to my
plate. .y *
"We're waiting for that Yankee ship
that's loading in the Princess dock for
California," I answered.
• "That there ship won't be ready for a
month yet. I'll ship both of yez on an
East Indiaman to-morrow."
"But we want to go to California and
we'll wait for that ship. We've money
enough with the advance that we'll get to
square up with you." said I, not thinking
she would do me bodily harm.
"Blast yer eyes, yell want a lit out. won't
yer?" and she struck me a blow with her
tist that knocked me senseless, and added,
"ye blasted spongers, ye've ate up all me
butter and me lierrin's, divil blast the bit
more yell get."
• When to-morrow came Antonio and I
went with her willingly and she shipped
us in her East Indiaman. She did more,
she drew our advance notes, cashed 'em
and put the money in her own pocket.
"My chum and I are about to leave
Englana for a long voyage, Mrs. Swan
son." I said, mustering up a little courage,
"and you know there are many things
which we need."
She hesitated a moment, then said :
"Come with me to Rosinshine's. He
keeps a pawnshop over there in Vauxhall
road and I'll fix vez." She hustled us to
tbe store and told Mr. Rosinshine to give
that there Irish lad a suit of oilskins and a
sou'wester, one hook pot, plate, pannikin
and spoon (all tin), two bars brown soap,
one straw mattress,; one box Holloway\s
pills and one small tin hop's lard to grease
bis sea boots. "And that Dago, there,"
she added, turning to my chum, "you'd
better give him a second-hand sheath
knife and belt, one pair woolen mits, two
pair stockings and 3 shillings' worth of
twist (tobacco)." ' -.:
Antonio tried to persuade Rosinshine
in broken English to give him some more
things, but the pawnshop man would not
listen. "You gets no mure," he said. "Mrs.
Swanshin she pays for dese things; if you
want to do any growling growl mit her."
"Well the next day found us on board
the Black Eagle. She was a large full
rigged ship, painted black all around on
the outside, and the paint on her inside
bulwarks looked like the color of a quaran
tine flag. Her decks were fresh from the
rudder head to the hawsepipes and I noticed
two harness casks, one marked beef the
other pork, lashed to the deck abaft the
mainmast and close to the pumps, the
journals of which looked rusty, a sure
sign that she was tight. She 'carried a
main skysail to'galiant stu'nsails and
single patent reefed topsails. Her sails,
standing, rigging and running gear were
made of hemp even to the earings and
signal halyards. The top of the binnacle
and the head of the main deck capstan
were the only brass work visible. Passing
by. the galley door I saw the cook inside
preparing pea soup. He had his greasy
shirtsleeves rolled up above the elbows
and he was very dirty looking. The hair
on his face and head, and there was plenty
of it, resembled the stiff and sticky sur
face of a manila doormat on a rainy
day.
It was while swabbing up the quarter
deck next morning that i heard Captain
Bassett, her commander, give orders to
the chief mate, and though small in
stature. I guessed that he imagined him
self much bigger than the mainmast, and
he soon gave all on board -to understand
that he was much taller than he looked.
He was a fine sailor, felt at home on the
quarterdeck, and in the tropics he dressed
in pure white. There were thirty of us be
fore the mast, most of whom were natives
of; the British Isles, and all were good
shanty singers. • *
No harm befell us on the outward trip,
though we encountered the usual gales'
squalls, calms, frosty and sunny weather.
Everything "went "merry as a; marriage
bell," and everybody on board was happy.
After leaving Bombay, homeward bound,
we picked up a norther that sent us living
down the Arabian Sea and out into' the
Indian Ocean, where we ran right into the
teeth of a typhoon which threw the ship
over on her beam ends and held her there
for many hours, while the big green waves
tossed her about and broke clean over us.
"Let go those lee-topsail sheets!" roared
Bassett, as she careened over to port; but
before we could man the clewlines all three
of the sails had split, the wind tore the
canvas j from the bolt ropes and, like
Holmes' Sunday breeches, they "went fly
ing through the air as if the devil had been
in them."
We hung onto our masts, for no * sooner
had the captain given orders to cut away
the weather topgallant and topmast back
stay, than he countermanded them. Other
sails were bent, and by the next afternoon
the Black Eagle was again- working her
way toward the Cape of Good Hope against
a head wind and a rough sea. " *
A couple of weeks later we passed the
Isle of France, and about eight bells on
the following morning Antonio was struck
by a wave on the bowsprit and knocked to
leeward into the seething foam.
The wind, which was a little abaft the
beam, had increased to half a gale, and the
sea, now turned into great big ridges, was
full of whitecaps, while the Black Eagle
was bowling along under a maintopgallant
sail, reeling off about thirteen knots.
"Man overboard to lu'ard 1 man over
board to lu'ard!" roared a man who
escaped being washed off by the same
wave. , i, ?;
This cry brought up the watch below,
while those on deck rushed to the rail just
as he rose to the surface abaft the fore
rigging. Coils of the running gear were
snatched from their pins and thrown over
board, but the unfortunate young sailor
w^is too far away to reach the trailing lines,
and be passed astern very rapidly.
There were two of us at the wheel. I
had hold of the lee spokes. "Look out for
her, Bill," said I as I dropped the. wheel
and cut adrift a large reeling bamboo
chair that was lashed close to the cabin
skylight. I threw it over the quarter and
sent two life buoys after it. I saw him
put the buoys over his head. Just then a
groat big wave broke over him, and a little
later he reached the chair, for we saw him
clutch it.
AH hands were set to work to reduce
sail. Halyards and sheets were let go by
the run so as to enable us' to brine her
head to the wind and the mainyard to the
mast, for to round her to in such a set?
with the canvas that was then spread
would have been madness. In the mean
time the third mate had been ordered to
the main crosstrees with the captain's
•While the ship was hove to the boat pulled away in search of the man who had fallen. overboard."
spyglass to keep track of the drowning
sailor and to direct the boat's crew to the
spot where he lay struggling.
No sooner had we launched the gig
than she was smashed against the main
chains; and her sides stove in. We
launched another boat; she soon filled and
had to be bailed out, all of which took up
too much time, for now that we are ready
to.start the mate who is "up aloft reports
that he has long since lost sight of our
drowning shipmate.
We made slow progress with our boat,
for we had to pull in the teeth of the gale
and the waves, but we stuck to it until we
were completely exhausted, and finding
no trace of either the chair or the life
buoys, we gave up the search, returned to
our ships more dead than alive, and left
the poor fellow to struggle alone with the
billows till he perished.
I cannot find language to describe our
feelings as we turned away from that lonely
search. It is indescribable. Had we found
the chair and the buoys, or either, we
would have then known that he was
drowned, but finding neither, the thought
clung to us that he was yet. alive, and may
be he had seen us and cried for assistance,
but the roaring of the waves as they broke
smothered his cries. He may have cut
short his misery with his sheath knife, or
some shark might have ended his exist
ence; otherwise he would have lived
through the night and watched the South
ern Crost and the Milky Way come and go,
for the chair and the buoys were buoyant
enough to keep him afloat, and the weather
was warm, as was the water. ',-';■;: _
777[7i'7i Denis Kearney.
PUN.. Iff CONGRESS. J
The Only True Humorist Ig Private
John Allen of Mississippi.
While the House membership embraces
a number of men who by courtesy might
be designated as humorists, because they
are so attuned by nature as to cause their
colleagues amusement by what they say
or ; how they say it, the fact remains
that, with one solitary exception, the
House has no humorist in the true sense
of the word.. There is Johnson of Califor
nia, who bade fair to drape himself in
that honor, but ,' he expired after - he had
delivered one speech and has since sunk
to the stage of a mere wit. Mr. Gros-'
venor is a wit.and says some remarkably
bright things at times, but the inevitable
flavor of sarcasm which tinctures his sal
lies rules him out as a humorist. Reed
belongs to the same catagorv, and while
he often makes the House laugh— or rather
did make the House laugh before "the
Presidential bee buzzed in his bonnet— his
witticisms are always at the expense of
somebody's feelings. : Dolliver of lowa, in
this sense, is amusing at times, but gener
ally there is a taint of ; rancor in what he
says, also, which gives his ■; humor a par
tisan flavor. Gibson is humorous uncon
sciously. He never means to be and he
doesn't realize it, and the delight he occa
sions ■'/■■ is not , intelligently controlled.
Sulzer I is somewhat in the same
class, but his * youth and ; the great
ness that has been thrust upon . him
are to 77 blame for , that. Like Mr.
Quigg "of his State he will outgrow the
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
humor for which he is not consciously re
sponsible. The only man in the House
who is truly a humorist — can make a
speech of an hour's duration and have
both sides laughing continuously without
wounding the sensibilities of any one— is
Private John Alien of Mississippi. Allen
has not been heard this session. His ac
curate estimate, of his own capacity leads
him to exercise a nice discrimination as to
time and place. He probably speaks less
often . than any other man in the House,
but when he does he has the entire House
for an audience, and business is suspended
until he resumes his seat. — Washington
Post.
Strong Men of Ancient Greece.
The mythopoetic fancy of the Greeks
attributed many feats of strength to these
heavy athletes. Milo of Croton had such
strength in his hands and wrists that no
one could move his little linger. He could
hold a pomegranate uninjured in his hand
while his antagonist endeavored to wrest
it from his grasp. Theagenes of Thasos,
the winner of 1400 crowns for boxing and
the pancratium, when only nine years of
age carried on his shoulders from the
market place to his home the bronze
statue of a god. Malanco.mas stood two
days with outstretched limbs, and Poly
damas with one hand stopped a chariot at
full speed, held up the wildest steer by his
hind leg and overcame a lion. Polydamas
i*-* said to have sustained for some time a
falling grotto, but finally succumbed, and
was crushed to death.— -"The Old Olympic
Games," by Professor Allan Marquand, in
the April Century
MUST HAVE LONG HAIR.
Achille . Rivarde's Idea of One of
the Attributes of a
Violinist.
A Serenade to the Great Spanish
Musician at His Hotel
Last Night.
There was a sound of revelry last night
at the Baldwin Hotel just about the time
the guests were retiring. People heard the
strains of "Hail to the Chief" wafted in no
uncertain tones up the stairs, and this
was followed by prolonged applause and
the sound of many voices.
. -'What's the matter?" asked the guests
anxiously of the bellboys, thinking that
a circus had broken loose in the rotunda.
But the bellboys reassured them by stat
ing that what they heard was a, serenade
given by a number of local musician s to
young Achille Rivarde, a distinguished
violinist who had just arrived from the
East. .'.;,. 7 : -j:: : x
2 The .applause was when Rivarde ap
peared on the stairs and in eloquent French
thanked his fellow - musicians for their
music and invited them to adjourn with
him to the cafe and their refresh the inner
man at his expense.
Rivarde is a young musician who has
leaped into sudden fame during the last
year or two. He is only 27 years of age
and has already played as solo violinist
with such conductors as Nikirch, Lamou
roux and Seidl. ■ In appearance he is al
most as picturesque as Paderewski, but in
quite a different style of beauty.
7 Rivarde is tall, slim and dark, with what
novelists would describe as "liquia" darfc
eyes, and he .possesses ebony locks of a
length and luxuriance which Samson
might have envied. - ; -•- - ..-..
--. When asked what school he belonged to
the young musician remarked decidedly:
"None lam a school to myself. _Vieux-'
temps was my master and 1 had about six
months' lessons I from Wieniawski,* but .1
do not believe in belonging to any set
school."-. As it is a well-known fact that
Rivarde took a leading prize at the Paris''
Conservatory he was asked whether, Mar- 1
sick had also given him lessons.
"Did MarsicK say I was his pupil?" de
manded- the i fiery young violinist fairly •
bounding in his chair, while his eyes
flashed with indignation. "No? 4 Ah, i
thought" he would not presume to say
that, and x Rivarde sank back with a
silent : air, adding not unkindly: , '"Mar
sick ; has ": not much technique,' but he
really produces a -sweet tone. He has
deteriorated a great deal, for you see,' poor
fellow, ,he married j and settled ' down to
teaching,' but at one time he could piay
really very, well." ;-- ' , -"; *
It seems that Riyarde has two intense
admirations— one is for Joachim and the
other for Eugene Ysaye. .
"My ideal in music? It is. Joachim!"
he exclaimed enthusiastically. "Ysaye is
the only one of the younger violinists whom
I :-. consider • really* great. He can play
modern and romantic music, but he can
not interpret the classics as Joachim can.
Ah, Joachim is truly great. To be a great
violinist one must not * give only ■a* mere
superficial interpretation one must be an
artist. -Now, Ysaye gives * you *■ an "inter
pretation which means something. - It may
not be right or according to the com
poser's intentions, but it is" always inter
esting and means something."
' • When asked what he thought of On
dricek, Rivarde remarked that his tech
nique might be improved,' and that as for
his interpretation "it is always flavored
with tartar sauce, and one does not want
tartar sauce on everything one eats."
■ Rivarde and Ysave are old friends.
There are twelve years difference in their
ages, but seven -or eight years * ago they
lived a jolly careless life in the Quartier
Latin in Paris, together -with a pack of
other j* tiddlers, journalists and literary
men, who have nearly all become famous.
"We were all as "poor as Job," said
Rivarde; "one day they would come to us
for a meal and another we * would jj go ;to
them for the same purpose. My father
thought I was living too rakish a life 1 and
came over from America, paid my debts
and took me away to another part of
Paris," but I sneaked round and saw the
old friends sometimes, till gradually the
clique broke up, some drifting one way
and some another. Ysayiand I meet now
once a years or so. and recall times."
Speaking of musicians: and heads ot
hair, Rivarde remarked cheerfully : "When
a violinist, necomes bald, he may as well
retire. He cannot play without a fiddle
and he cannot please the public without a
bushy head of hair. At. present Pader
ewski has made yellow locks the fashion.
I think sometimes that the next musician
who makes a really great sensation will
have dyed his hair green or people
would rave over the novelty."
THERE IS NO FUSION.
Rival Water Companies Deny That
They Are Trying to Absorb
JKach Other.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 25.— The war
between the two water companies is no
less bitter than it was a year ago. Presi
dent Dingee of the Oakland Company em
phatically denies a published report com
ing from one of the directors of the Contra
Costa Company.
am tired of denying that my com
pany is not seeking any compromise with
my rival," said Mr. Dingee last night. "I
wish to say, once for all, tbat there is not
the remotest possibility of us coming to
gether or consolidating. We are organized
on an entirely different basis and our in
vestments are of a different nature. I
would as soon expect to see the Valley
Railroad sell out to the Southern Pacific
as to see our company combine with the
Contra Costa.
"We are commercial competitors, and
each is doing all it can to get all possible
business. The' story that we are com
bining with the Contra Costa company
regarding the fixing of rates is also totally
untrue. Except in a few instances our
company is getting a fair price for its
water. In many cases we have made
three years' contracts with our consumers,
and we are bound by them. If the two
companies combined, we should still have
to continue our contracts.
"Our plant is new and powerful and
capable of supplying a city twice the size
of Oakland. It is a fight to a finsh and
we will not combine in any way, upon any
basis, or accept any proposition coming
from the shareowners of the Contra Costa
Water Company, and as the particular
rumor put in circulation to-day is that we
are to enter into an 9 agreement, like the
telegraph companies, where rates are kept
up, permit me to say that there is abso
lutely nothing la it. We will not consent
to it now or ever."
PUPILS' RECITAL.
Amateur Violinists Give a Pleasing Con
cert to a -.surge Audience.
OAKLAND, Ca_., April 25.— The chapel
of . the . First Congregational Church was
crowded last night to bear a fine pro
gramme rendered ,by : amateur, violinists.
They were all pupils of ! Alexander T.
Stewart, the leader of the famous Congre
gational orchestra of : this city. The par
ticipants were Miss Bessie Edelea, Miss
Gertrude Hibberd, Miss Hattie Hugeins,
Miss Martha Snow, August Benzon and C.
Laton Hooper. .". "_.2'X.,7
The following programme was exceed
ingly well rendered: .*
Sonata in A major (Handel), Miss Edelen and
Mr.' King; romanze (Jean Becker); Miss Hug
gins, Miss Walton accompanist; songs (mss.):
(a) "Rose and Heart," ■'■ (b) "Heart's , Desire"
(John W. Metcah), Mr. Thornton, Miss Capell
accompanist; meuuet in D (Charles N. Allen),
Miss Snow, Mrs. Whitman accompanist;
Walther's I'rieslied ;(\Vagner-Wilhelm]), Mr.
Benzon, Mr. King accompanist;* song, "The
Fountain" (Stephen Adam), Mr. Thornton", Miss
Capell accompanist; romance, (Svendsen),
Miss Hibberd; Miss Jenkins accompanist; in
troduction and polonaise (Allen), Mr. Hooper,
Mr. Weil, accompanist. 7.\..
MAY BE INVITED.
Belief That It Would Result in Good to
: , Act as Ho*.. .
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— has been
suggested that- the Mayor. City Council,
the Board of Trade and the Merchants'
Exchange' unite in inviting the hotel men
to pay.this city a visit before they return
East. Such a : combination, with a strong
committee* from the real estate men,
could entertain the visitors in such a royal
style that they would i never forget their
visit to the "Athens of. the Pacific." '
Bouvier Retires.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— part
nership heretofore existing i between Al
fred Bouvier - and :' John ;" J. ; Sesnon in the
lease of the Macdonough Theater has been
dissolved, • the ** former t retiring. Mr. Ses
non will remain the sole lessee. v The man
agement will remain 7as before— the
hands of Charles }E. Cook, the present
very popular manager.
UNIVERSALITY OF BEING
The Philosophy of Theosophy
Explained by One Who Has
Learned It.
NOTHING IS OR WAS CREATED.
Matter Is Revealed Spirit, Spirit Is
Matter Unrevealed, an .Axiom
of the Faith. •
The philosophy of theosophy includes
all there is to know and to be. ..• To the
student of theosophy there may be un
known things, but there are no unknown
realms of existence.
His philosophy is also the science of
sciences, because it teaches understand
ing^ the why, the purpose and the ulti
mate of all existences. . The basic prin
ciple of this science and philosophy is
recognition of the unerring operation" of
the law of cause and effect as witnessed in
the processes of evolution and involution,
but the student must demonstrate for
himself that the law of cause and effect is
unerring in its operation.
Theosophy denies that there was a "be
ginning" or that there will bean "ending"
of "anything animate or inanimate, so
called. That is to say, not anything was
created, but by the spontaneity of action
by and through the operation of universal
life — life that creates not anything, but
adjusts all things to the process of unfold
ment according to the law of sympathetic
attraction ßrahm, or the impersonal
cause, is manifested in matter, which is an
attribute of himself. Hence, "spirit, is
un revealed matter, and matter is revealed
spirit." This '. is . logically true, because
creation would necessitate a creator and
material separate from himself out of
which to create, and this in turn
would oblige the adoption of a hypothesis
that the creator and the material were
coexistent, since even a creator could not
make something out of nothing; and,
moreover, the admission that anything
could be destroyed would drive one to ad
mit that- the thing that could be destroyed
was separate and apart from universal life
and independent of the sustaining I power
of nature. That proposition is logically un
tenable, for if God is in and through all
things nothing could be destroyed without
circumscribing God's omnipresence, and
that would subject" the Almighty to the
caprice of destructible materiality. Scien
tifically speaking, the most minute atom
is as necessary to the existence of God as
God is necessary to the existence of the
atom, and, hence, if one were to go into
nothingness the other would have to go
also, v- ■/, ', ..._- .
Th eosophy holds steadfast to the scientific
truth of the universality of being and the
inter dependence of all things. It is this
that Paul had in mind when he wrote to
the Romans that . "None of us liveth to
himself,' and no man dieth to himself."
The esoteric meaning of Paul's doctrine of
predestination is entirely in harmony with
the philosophy of theosophy— a philosophy
that had been taught all over Asia for
ages before Paul's day and generation.
The doctrine of the oneness or solidarity
and the interdependence of all things is,
in fact, the substructure of practically all
religious faiths and beliefs. Ice water and
steam are one in substance but in widely
different form. To illustrate: Ice is thor
oughly inert matter. ■ By the process of
transformation or unfoldment.it becomes
water, then steam, then:* superheated
steam, and then ether, which is that in
visible substance that fills the interplane
tary system. If science can convert ice into
ether, why cannot science transform ether
by the reveise process into ice? Theosophy
says it can be and is done by those who
are masters of the forces of nature, and,
moreover, the "philosophy of theosophy
teaches by logical reasoning and by
demonstration that such mastership lies
potentially in every entity in the universal
whole. _ ■ • _ •
In man the individualized life principle
has reached a state of spiritual unfold
ment, which removes him very far from
the bacillus, for he has power to reason
and to understand, but while it is a most
sublime point on the upward journey Irom
Cosmos to Nirvana it is also crowded to the
full with responsibility. It is a sublime
state of existence 'when considered in the
light of individual possibilities, but it is
fearful when one sees and understands in
the presence of God in manifestation as
shown in the complete oneness of all
things and. in the universality of being,
that individual independence and the in
terdependence of all entities require of
every man that he be in some measure his
brother's keeper, and also be responsible in
some degree for whatever of woe befalls
his brother. -■.-•: x >•'-••■ " : *
His brother is every human being. The
law of universality of being makes a re
lationship to exist between all things, high
and low, animate and inanimate, with
certain tasks for each to complete, and to
willfully make the task of a single thing
harder to do is to defy the power of the
universe and invite the wrath of the source
and maintainer of being.
It is sublime to love truth and righteous
ness with ail the heart and mind and soul,
and to love one's neighbor sincerely and
unselfishly. To do this is to live accord
ing to the philosophy of theosophy.
•Without the doctrine of Karma and
Reincarnation there would be no theo
sophical students, for unless a given effect
may be traced to the cause, and :an expla
nation demanded of cause why it itself
exists, and why such an effect is produced
by it, nothing is left to him but blind faith
in this or that dogma or creed. * But the
theosophical student sees that some of the
entities which compose the universal
whole • possess active consciousness while
others apparently possess none at all, and
then he discovers aifferent degrees of con
sciousness according as entities approach
man'sestate, and finally when he asks him
self if it is an exhibition of the caprice or
likes or dislikes of a supreme intelligence
that he sees in the various degrees of
consciousness,, or is it all the result of
natural law making through environment
by evolutionary processes, he is certain to
reject the idea of l chance or caprice and
attribute the difference « in the degree of
consciousness in a capable man and an
animal of the forest to unfoldment, and
the next step is to inquire what it is un
folds. : :. •
This fetches .him face to face with the
philosophy of monadology,* where he finds
the root of existence to be in reincarnation,
and in Karma he finds - soil -in I which the
ego plants causes and gathers effects. - •
The student then, without stopping to
unravel the mysteries of cosmogony," finds
that the bowlder: in the darkness •of 5 the
mountain's cavern is a manifestation of
supreme energy, and that potentially it is
the highest individualized intelligence,
but that it does not know it, nor anything
else. He then goes to the tree and* finds
that it knows how to prepare itself for the
changing seasons and that it also knows
how to provide for j reproducing I its kind,
but it does not know how. or why it does
these things. :He then talks with the ani
mal in the forest aud . finds that it does all
that the tree does, and in addition has the
power of locomotion and perceptivity, and
it also possesses instinct which impels and
restrains, but he sees that it cannot under
stand why it is upon a broader and higher
plane of existence than the bowlder and
the tree. ■;■.-;
.= - The student then analyzes . man and
finds that he does all that the tree does
and all that the animal does. Moreover,
he finds that man has man^of the charac
teristics of all below him >in unfoldment,
and also 'that there kis ) not anything sin
man's component parts that is not a du
plicate, in a greater or less degree, of what
he discovered \ in the bowlder, in the tree
and in the animal, but he finds that man
knows and knows why and how he knows.
Then the student is awakened to the
sublime truth that the ego he found in the
bowlder and in the tree and in the animal
and in the man are the same in poten
tiality*. In tracing the course of the ego
from the bowlder ■to : man _he saw the
philosophy of reincarnation exemplified,
and in the great diversity of states and
conditions of mankind he saw how it is
that as one sows he shall surely reap.
The student 4 also found that what he
called the "supreme energy" and its man
ipulations are one and indivisible; that
tlie supreme energy is the clay, the potter
and the product, and that "I and the
Father are one" means the universality of
being and the interdependence of all
things. What is called death, therefore,
brings no terror to the student of theoso
phy, for he says with the Hindoo sagi: "I
died from the tree and reappeared an ani
mal; I died from the animal and became a
man wherefore, then, need I fear to die
when I never became less by dyine?"
The religious belief of the theosophist
tells him that he must look within him
self for deliverance from evil and lor salva
tion, lie denies utterly that man or God
can save him from the consequence of the
errors of bis ways. He is his own savior.
His ego is in a transitional state from the
lowest to the highest degree of spiritual
unfoldment, and if is his right and his
duty to live a better life to-day' than he
did yesterday, but for sins committed, be
they sins of omission or sins of commis
sion, there is no forgiveness whatever.
He must himrelf not only atone for his
own evil acts, but he must atone for the
harmful influences they exert upon others.
There is no escape from a corresponding
effect of every cause, and since an evil
thought may find lodgment in a mind that
only needs added strength to stimulate it
to commit sin, one is just as responsible
for the silent working of his mind as he is
for the open acts of his body.
The philosophy of theosophy teaches
the student that his standard of conduct
of life should be placed at his highest ideal
of existence, and that as he advances
thitherward he should earnestly and sin
cerely encourage clearer, purer and loftier
aspirations as the days come and no. If
he shall do that he will go from strength
to strength in rieht purpose continually.
His ideal existence will grow more real
and the loftier attributes of universal life
Will come in upon him as his lawful birth
right, which they are, but which are held
back by the law of ethical causation until
he is wortny of them.
! And so it is. The journey of a man's
life reaches across a field from impersonal
Brahm to personal Godhood. If, after
each harvest, he goes forward in the path
of right conduct, sowing only good seed,
his harvests shall be increasing sheaves of
golden grain, and the rays of the Sun of
Eternal Life will make brighter and
brighter the furrows of the. field of his
journey and divine love and tenderness
will lighten the burden of duty.
Who toiled a slave may come anew a Prince, -
For gentle worthiness and merit won;
Who ruled a King may wacder earth in rage
For things done and undone.
. Higher than Indra's ye may lift your lot,
And sink it lower than worm or gnat;
The end of many myriad lives in this,
The end of myriads that.
Ye are not bound ! The Soul of .Things is sweet,
The Heart of Being is celestial rest ;
Stronger than woe is will; that which was Good
Doth pass to Better— Best.
Ho! ye who suffer! Know
■ Ye gaffer from yourselves.
7X-X7 ____________________________ ABHOSD. '.'
JURY BRIBERY.
Ex - Saloon - Keeper Harry In wall's
Actions Being Investigated.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— The indict
ment of Robert McDonald on the charge
of offering a bribe to Juror 0. M. Peck in
the Ah Yuen lottery case has caused a
sensation about town, and more indict
ments are expected before the jury finishes
its work. Among those whose names
have been mentioned* within the Grand
Jury room is that of Harry In wall, an ex
saloon-keeper.* V
It is known that he sat by Attorney
Garrity during the impaneling of the jury,
and that the left the courtroom with Mc-
Donald. The two then went to the Newell
House saloon, after which McDonald went
direct to Peck. When he left there he met
Inwall, and they went to a house on
Seventh street, above Broadway.
Inwall denies that he did anything more
than to act as a friend to the Chinaman in
securing bonds for him, or that he ever
spoke to McDonald about the case more
than in a general way.
BOTH ARE HERE.'
Price and Miss Lynde Deny Their Re
ported Elopement.
OAKLAND, Cal., April Arthur G.
Price is about town to-day being kept
busy explaining that he had not eloped
and never intended doing such a thing.
"My wife and I separated some time
since," said he, "because we decided we!
cculd not be happy together. Her state
ments are false regarding me, but I do not
care to say anything about her. She has
too much of a temper."
Miss Mattie Lynde is also at home and
is surprised that the fact that she expects
soon to go to Washington should have
.caused such stories to be set adrift. .Her.
brother, Fred Lynde, denies that he went
to the Pullman House looking for her.
The May. Quill Bribery.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— Dr. W. S.
Barker, the spiritualist medium who was
said to have been offered a bribe by
Southern Pacific officials to give false tes
timony before the Coroner in the case of
May Quill, denies that such overtures
were made to him as has been stated.
. May Quill was killed near Ashhy avenue
last February by a Southern Pacific train
and Dr. Barker was one .of the witnesses
examined by the Coroner's jury which
viewed her remains. The ■ verdict arrived
at exonerated the trainmen from all blame.
Dr. Barker says that the offers to bribe
him were made after his testimony had
been given and displays much indignation
at the- published reports that* he was actu
ally brib.d. He insists that the testimony
which he gave was correct.
: Dr. Barker's testimony was quite favor
able to the railroad, hence arises the ques
tion as to why efforts should be made to
bribe him after the inquest was over.
"They wanted to > get me out of the
way," said he, when asked for an explana
tion of the peculiar methods of bribery.
'Sy'*^ Student' Election.. *
At the election of officers of the various
college . organizations * for next term and
in the case of the Associated Students and
the Athletic Association for the whole of
i the next year, the following were suc
cessful: . ; ". v
J. O. Elston '97 was elected president of
the student body, Hatch '97 secretary and
Graham '9B treasurer. < ,
; Of the Athletic Association Magee '97 was
chosen president, Bakewell '98 secretary
Chestnut '97 treasurer, Farrish '98 repre
sentative on the athletic committee from
his class, Carr. '99 representative from the
coming sophomore, class, Colonel George
C. Edwards representative on the advisory
committee from the • faculty, Everett
Brown '98 track captain and Bernard Mil
ler '97 baseball manager.
L., A! ? ed , ito F of the Daily Berkeleyan George
Whipple '97 j was elected editor-in-chief ;
James Oliver .'9B, business manager; G.
F. , Reinhardt '97, -. C. A. Sou and A. H.
Allen, the three remaining members of
the board of directors.
,; Berkeleyan Election.
BERKELEY, -Cal., April 25. - The
Berkeleyan Publishing Company, publish
ers of the university daily paper, held an
election Friday to select officers for
the next college term. The new board of
directors elected consists of George Whip
ple, '97 ; J. M. Oliver, '98 ; G. _ . Rhein
hardt, '97; A. Son, : and A. H.Allen,
98. The editor-in-chief for next term will
be George Whipple, '97; J. M. Oliver, 98,
will be business manager, and G. F. Rhein
hardt, '97, will be -secretary and treasurer,
; .'; A Kansas man .has been buying thou
sands of : jackrabbits at 5 cents a bead to
send to the markets of all the large Eastern
cities.
- *"■''' * ' - HOT TO-PAT.'
MUNYON'S
REMEDIES
RHEUMATISM, CATARRH. DYSPEPSIA
AND THE MOST OBST'WATB DIS*
EASES CURED BY THESE Wo\*
DERFIIL LITTLE PELLETS.
READ THE TESTIMONIALS.
THKRE IS NO EXPERIMENTING— No
GUESSWORK— >*O NAUSEOUS
DOSES- THE CUKE IS CER-
''7. TAIN, SPEEDY ANO
PERMANENT.
A Separate Specilic for Each Disease-
Positive and Permanent Cures— With
Munyon's Home Kemedies You Can
Become Your Own Physician— Get
Munyon's Guide to Health From Your
Drug-gist— lt Will Cost You Nothing
and May Save Your Life.
Mr. J. H. Seeba, Seeba's Exchange, •*__
Kearny street, San Francisco: "For the
i benefit of those who suffer from rheuma-
i tism I want to testify to the wonders ac-
complished by Munyon's Rheumatism
; Cure in my case. When I asked for a bot-
l tie of it, at my druggist's, he had none of
; itin stock, but soon after put in a supply
, and when I went after another bottle __
i informed me that the sale was simply sur-
t prising. Of course, this encouraged me to
continue its use, and to-day I am entirely
i free from rheumatic pains which made my
; life a burden for so many years. lam not
only free from pain, but I can also state
i truthfully that ray general health is much
. improved by the treatment. Its action on
• the kidneys, in my case, was extremely
• gratifying, especially as I had' suffered to
i such an extent from this cause in addition
. to rheumatism. From actual experience I
I can state that your homeopathic pellets
l are wonder-workers in conquering rheu-
. matism." . 27' : °
[ '•■ Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seidom fails
I to relieve in Ito 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price. 25 cents,
i • Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
[ to cure all forms of indigestion and stora-
• ach trouble. Price, 25 cents.
r Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
, ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents
[ Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
i ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation.
. and all liver troubles. Price 25c.
i Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
i pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia
and breaks up a cold in a few hours. Price,
25 cents. • -***■
Munyon's Cough Cure stops : ' coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents*. .
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates
the disease from the . system, arm the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price cleanse and heal
the parts. . *
- Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs posi-
tively relieve asthma inthree minutes and
cure in five days. Price. 50 cents each.
: Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless
and sleepless nights,. pains in the'head and
dizziness. It stimulates and strengthens
the nerves and is a prompt tonic. Price 25c.
. .- Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all
impurities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1. - * r ; :
Munyon's Remedies at ; all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
• Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 150-1
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
Imo M — ■■'"•.' .-7. \
*0 Mo r ... ; v;- -,t
ft IS" "'° ■ ■&' '■" ■
THE mam m THE WAIL.
Most merchant tailors and
ready-made clothiers are begin-
ning to see it. They cannot un-
derstand how we can make to
measure a suit for $ S.
We'll tell them how we do it ;
it's no secret. We are mill
agents. Hundreds of patterns
to select from, all pure wool and
of this season's importation. i /
UNION CLOTHING CO.,
.WHOLESALE TAILORS. •'■j
112, 114 and 116 KEARNY STREET,
" Bet. Post and Sutter. ■ :'••*'
DR. PIERCES
||§§i% ELECTRIC
EBB BELT
*^»^^^ ' IS THE BEST.
i"'<f&£ "^ Wo Have Them
** v -^ From $5 to $25,
...  ..,,_,,. And Guarantee
<oj^i^i^ v !^ Our
IPSgISI 5 BELT
CTjFj-ftf^-^^^ To bo Superior to
<\p?g^4^B^f^' Any Other Elec-
■Wi^^!^^f:f. trie Belt In the
ZSffi All the Latest
■*»v*__ MMt . Improvements.
i'l^rflSlwii.v''' AW fall or write f °*
__\*^LS^J*_^"^*!li_ ''•(••'l'i-mnhlPt No. '»."
___K?®^l^^^'>**o_ i '". v "° BelL till yo.i sea
__l?S-~- "* ■••"-'*___*!?■ ""'' ■ ?ierce ' B -" Address
|f^^^^^^^' DRS. PIERCE & SON.
"V^^^^?^t_?^sA" '° 4 Sacramento St.
ii* M&f- ■■*-" (cor. Kearny). 2d, 3d
* ;__•■?•_• and ■*"* floors,
w* BAN FRANCISCO.
LI TAI JR., /^V
Chinese Tea and Herb L, j_ J
: . . Sanitorium, : IP-P M
No. 727 Washington St., •« V* 3
■'..■ San Francisco, Cal. . . \'S- V
Cor. Brenluun Flam abov* ■ fi_7i , ■ n.
• plaza. ■ _^i^^yvfe___
Oflice Hours: 9to 13, - >^'W/,_f ßr '
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. - Sun "*«*a*^ '
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M. ;
, 11 Fo Tai Jr., son of the famous Ll Pi
Tal, has taken his father's business.'
and is, after eleven years' study la -*4
China, ; fully . . prepared to locate ' aul
treat all diseases.SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR
RANGE LIGHTS
M old skippers say that San
■ Yt/u Francisco harbor is one of the
I Vf \\ easiest * - the world to get into
A V ____.at night, notwithstanding that
the entrance is only a little over
a mile wide. This is due to the fact that
nature has created a deep channel in such
a position that it can be readily located by
the lighthouses on shore.
From the deck of a vessel just outside
the bar six lights can be seen, but
only two of them are actually used to
guide vessels to port. They are known as
range lights. One is on Fort Point, close
to the Pacific, and the other on Alcatraz
Island, two miles almost due east and
within San Francisco Bay. So that they
can be told apart on a dark night the
former is a red and white flash and the
latter a steady white light. Their posi
tion is such that no vessel can enter the
harbor at night without taking bearings
on them. 2lr?3**~v
When a vessel from the west is making
for this port her captain, after passing the
Farallones, first locates the whistling
buoy, anchored out on the bar. . From
tha; position he will have Fort Point and
Alcatraz lights in line. He will then steer
in a course bearing toward the southern
end of Angel Island until he has Fort
Point light on his starboard bow. If the
captain wants to anchor in the roadway
he will then steer direct for Alcatraz light
and drop anchor when he reaches the de
sired spot. If he wishes to anchor in front
of the City he steers so as to pass close to
Alcatraz on the port side. ,•.■ .
Vessels coming up the coast from the
south shape their course for Point Bonita
lighthouse until they have Fort Point and
ALCATRAZ ISLAND LIGHTHOUSE.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
Alcatraz lights in line and then steer the
same as vessels from the west.
Vessels from the north pass Point Bonita
on the port side and steer for Pigeon Point
until they have the range lights in line
and then enter the harbor the same as all
other-.
In the*" daytime vessels from the north
change their course as soon as the north
ern end of Goat Island comes in view in
stead of going south until they have the
range lights in line. But vessels from the
west and south take their bearings the
same as at night.
It might seem difficult to decide whether
the Fort Point or the Alcatraz Island light
was the most important to navigation, as
both are now used together and each seems
bo necessary to the other. But there was
a time when vessels entering the harbor
had only one light to take bearings on and
that was on Alcatraz Island. In fact
Alcatraz has always been considered one
of the most important stations on the
coast, while Fort Point was erected many
years later and cannot safely be used in
dependently if anything should happen
and the Alcatraz Island light fail to show.
There is little doubt, however, but that
regular ocean travelers would consider the
Fort Point light as the most important.
It is different from most lights and after a
long voyage tbe first sight of it makes one
feel that he was almost safe in port and
the red and white rays seem to be flashing
a welcome home.
The history of the Alcatraz Island light
house begins as far back as 1852. In that
year the Government commenced work on
the buildings that at present crown the
summit of the island and in the year fol
lowing the lamp was first lighted. At
that time it was the only lighthouse in the
bay. Its position was most advantageous
and bad there been no Alcatraz Island
tome sort of expensive structure would
have bad to have been erected.
. Practically no changes have been made
in either building or tower, so that the Al
catraz Island lighthouse looks the same
to-day as it did forty-three years ago. But
the surroundings have of course altered.
In the old days it was nothing but a bar
ren rock and the keepers used to have to
co to the mainland for drinking water.
Now the whole island is covered with
frowning military structures and gardens
have been coaxed into , existence in many
; places. . ; V ■"> .
It is not an easy matter to reach Alca
traz Island lighthouse. Tbe first obstacle
will be a few military formalities, as no
body is allowed to land on the island
without having first obtained permission
of. the officer in charge. This will not be
given unless the person is , known or has
the indorsement of somebody in the ser
vice. '-. ' .. ■
■ Having reached the island there is a
long climb to the top, which is 130. feet
above high tide. The. road makes several
turns around the hill, so that the distance
is close on to a quarter of a mile.
The Alcatraz island lighthouse consists
of a stone tower forty feet high, with a
keeper's residence of the same material
built around it. The walls of the structure
are about two feet thick, stuccoed and
painted a pure white. The lantern is
reached by a spiral stairway in the tower.
Alcatraz Island station is of the third
order and has one of the finest lenses ever j
built. It was made by Sautter & Co. of
Paris, France, in 1852, under the direction
of Thoma3 Corwin. The glass used is most
peculiar, as it is so soft that a pocket-knife
will cut it. The advantage of this glass is
its remarkable clearness. With a seventy
four candle-power Funk lamp the light
can be seen nineteen miles at sea, while
Point Bonita, which has nearly double the
candle power and an ordinary lens, can
be seen only seventeen miles. - "The reason ;
more of these lenses are not used is, on ac
count of the coat. Alcatraz Island : lenses
cost $5000, and at the same rate a first- !
class lens like Point Bonita wouid cost in !
the neighborhood of $20,000. The focal 1
plane of Alcatraz light is 166 feet above
sea level and covers the whole horizon.
Jj Since the Alcatraz light has been in ex
istence all sorts of oil have been used, and
the lens attachments have been changed
over and over again to adapt them to the
different lamps. At present the lamp
burns mineral oil, which is sunpliedto tho
wick from a reservoir and regulated by a
float feed attachment. The lamp-cleaning
room is just beneath the lantern. Every
thing about the place is as clean and as
orderly as possible. All of the brasswork
shines like gold, and the different tools
and material are . stored in the most or
derly manner.
• Alcatraz Island is also supplied with a
fog signal. It is located at the base of the
cliff on the southern end of the island, a nd
is reached by a flight of steps. The bell is
operated by a machine that will run four
hours with one .winding. Fogs are fre
quent at Alcatraz, and the bell will often
be kept going day and night.
Alcatraz Island light*. is in charge
of Captain Leeds. He has held the posi
tion for ten years, and done a great deal of
work in the way of improving things
around the house. He had built several
additional rooms to the building and
modernized the old ones. He also con
structed a wall about two feet high around
the house. This he filled with good, rich
soil and planted flowers and trees on it.
All have done well, and they present a
neat and pretty appearance. Captain
Leeds is given only one assistant, C. En
gelbrecht. They divide the night into two
watches, changing at 12 o'colck, and al
ternately take the first half of the night.
Captain Leeds is an old sailor and sol-
dier. He first came to San Francisco
when a boy in the ship Flying Cloud.
Later he served in the civil war and acted
as first mate on several vessels. His career
was an unfortunate one, as he was cap
tured and wounded several times. He has
been in the lighthouse ' service about
twenty years, having had charge of Pigeon,
Point and other stations before coming to
Alcatraz. -.-*•:'
The Fort Point light was not built until
1875, or twenty-two years after the
one on Alcatraz Island". It is on top of
one of the old watch towers of the fort, and
is reached by a bridge that spans the
space between the cliff where the keepers'
residences are located and the parapet of
the fort. It is not a pleasant place to live,
as the wind blows nearly all the time and
often makes it dangerous to go from the
residences to the light-tower.
There is really no lighthouse about the
Fort Point station, as the whoie structure
is nothing more than a skeleton-tower
with a lantern on top. It is about twenty
feet above the top of the fort and reached
by a spiral stairway. It is all made of iron
and perfectly firm and solid. . .
Fort Point light . is of the fourth order,
Captain Leeds, Keeper of Alcatraz
Island Lighthouse.
[Drawn from a pltotograph.]
showing a steady white light one minute,
followed by lour red flashes. The method
of producing the white light and flashes is
very simple. The lenses and lamp are like
all other fourth order lights, with the ad
dition of a piece of mechanism that turns
them around once in every two minutes.
One-half of the lens is left open and the
other half has four pieces, of flat red glass
placed against it. ; These are placed side
by side so as to fill the space. and at such
angles as conform to the arc of the. lens.
Strictly speaking, there is no red flash, but
the effect is -produced by the light that
passes through the lens striking the flat
j red glass, which collects the rays and pro
jects i them in a straight line" As a con
sequence there are four rays of red light
with three unilluminated spaces between
them. When the eye of a person comes
within the focal-plane of any of the red
glasses he will see the , ray for the inter
val it is projected in his direction,, which
produces the effect of a flash. But the red
rays are always ' being .projected to some
point of the horizon, and if a person could
follow them around he would see only
one steady red ray. '.. ; "'
The lenses, mechanism and lantern were
! all manufactured by Henry Lepaute in
i Paris, France. The mechanism that turns
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
the lenses is almost exactly like one of the
old-fashioned weight clocks with a large
cog geared into a wheel . that corresponds
to the escapement. .
There is also a small fog-bell -at Fort
Point. It is located in front of a port
hole, j through which the keepers must
climb to attend to it. It is operated by
weights and will run about four hours
with one winding.
James Ramkin is in charge at the Fort
Point light station. He is the only man
who has ever held the position, as he took
charge when it was first lighted, twenty
years ago. ___________
[All communications concerning whist, an
swers to problems/etc, should be. addressed
Whist Editor," Call, City.]
It is not always the best argument to
theorize on plays in whist that should or
should not be made, to convince the be
ginner, or skeptic. When you can give a
practical illustration of a play the argu
ment has more force, more conviction.
For this reason we will try and 1 demon
strate to our whist readers why and under
what conditions the original leader is justi
fied in calling for trumps in making his
opening lead, and where it is conducive to
trick-winning. '-fx?2 [[[727
A few weeks ago the San Francisco
Whist Club played a challenge match
against the Oakland Whist Club for the
Rideout trophy. A few of the deals as
played by both club will be discussed
from time to time. in our whist column,
and from the deals that were played in
this match we select one that is a beautiful
illustration of what we propose to show.
It is > :
Queen of spades,- trumps. . South to lead.
We give below the original and overplay
of this deal exactly as the cards were
played by each team. It is interesting to
not. the great variety of play. The same
card did not win the same trick twice dur
ing the "overplay" of this entire deal.
..;-*" TABLE no. 1.
' 'The winning card Is underscored.]
San Francisco— North and South.
Oakland— East and West. :.- ■
Trick. South. West. North. East..
1.... .S-K. S.-2. S.-3. S.-5.
2 D.-7. . -P.-K. D.-3. , D.-2.
3 H.-3. H.-4. H.-Q. . H.-K.
4.... C— 4. H— -. . H.— A. H.— lo
5. _____'" S.— B. S.— J. S.-Q.
•6 ....S.-10/ C— 3. S.— S.-9.
r 7..........5.-6. - : •_».—.. H.— 9. ' H.-6.
8. ....... ..P.— A.' **'* C— Q. D.-8. D.— 6.
9J. „....„_.— lo. H.— 7. C."— K. C— •_.
10...... .... _____■ C— B. D.— lo. D.— J.
11.. -P.— 9. H.-8 . C— s. H.— 6.
12 ......... U.-6. H.-J. C— 7. C.-6.
13.... .S.— 4. C— A. C.-9. C—
* score: :"•*':■'
San Francisco— North and South, 11.
Oakland— East and West, 2. .
» *'." : -"- •.'■„■■•- .:•-' TABLE NO. 2.
From table No. 1 this hand was passed
to table No. 2 and overplayed. The posi
tions and players are as follows:
*•; Oakland North and South.
,_ San Francisco and West.
'."* South leads as before.
Trick. , . South. West. North. East.
1..... 8.-A. 8.-3. 6.-7. S.-5.
2......1...r».— 7. D.-4. D.-10. D.-J.
3.... D.-A. D.— X. D.-3. D.-6.
4. -S.-K. . 8.-8. X— S.-9.
5 _____• C.-3. D.-8. D.-2.
6 D.-9. H.-2. C.-5. S.-a
7 C.-4. C.-8. C.-X. (___"
8 H.-3. H.-J. H.— H.-10.
9 C.-10. C— A. C.—7. C— '_'.
10..... S.-4. C— Q. C.-9. C.-6.
11... ..I>.-5. H.-4. H.-Q. H.-5.
12 ,*-*.— fi. 'H.— 7. S.-J. H.-K.
13..........5.-10. H.-8. H.-A. H.-tJ.
score:
Oakland— North and South. 9.
San Francisco— East and West, 4. .
, The way this band should have been
played, had cither of the clubs adopted the
above "irregular lead," to call for trumps
through an honor turned, is as follows:
South should have led the. nine of dia
monds. West's and East's holding in the
suit keeps them in the dark about the lead
being "irregular," but North knows the
situation as soon as South places his card
(the nine) on the table.
West must cover .with the king, and
would without doubt open from his heart
suit of five cards rather than his four-card
suit of clubs, with the major "tenace."
North should take no chances on the trick,
put-up his ace (hearts being led), lead
jack of (trumps) spades, and North and
South make eleven tricks.
If West opens the club suit instead of
the heart, the result will be the same;
North and South will win eleven tricks.
It is barely possible some of our readers
may not know what is meant by an "irreg
ular lead," if so. we will explain it again.
We are, of course, speaking of the original
lead or opening play of the deal.
A "regular lead" consists' in selecting
the correct card from the suit you lead
from, conforming to all recognized whist
•authority, which is always . absolutely es
sential to good whist. And an '.'irregular
lead" is selecting a card that says the op
posite, or words to that effect, such as,
"Partner, I have not got the cards in my
hand that my lead indicates." As we said
last week, this play has been in use, like a
great many others not practiced here yet,
for several years. Some of them we in
tend to give to our whist readers in the
very near future.
> ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"Calling for trumps," known in England
for years as the "Blue Peter," was first
promulgated to the whist world by
Crclebs in 1858. Nothing in the game of
whist is so much abused. It is practiced
more by novices than good players. Ex
perts rarely have occasion to use it. Be
fore this introduction of "calling for
trumps" the sam*» play was made to show
partner they were out of the suit and de
sired to "ruff." '••'■"■
: Yes. The suits id whist have for nearly
fifty years been mentioned in the follow
ing order: Spades, hearts, clubs and dia
monds. '-.'». -"■■'' XXX-
We understand there is a scheme on
foot now to have a tournament between
the Pacific Coast Whist Association clubs
some time in the near future, to play a
regular schedule of games between each
club.
"Petaluma" — would return the suit
(diamonds) and take chances of forcing
the strong trump hand. '
- No — You mu3t know the leads. No mat
ter how simple we try to write our whist
articles, without you learn the first letter
of the whist alphabet— the correct leads
from every possible combination of cards
you will have the same difficulty. Study
just a little, do. *^i_S^_E__^^^^
WHISTLETS.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club gave
their usual monthly, entertainment in
their clubrooms last evening. It consisted
in playing twenty 'deals of progressive
straight whist, under the new "Trist Club
system." Then the general distribution
of prizes won during the month took
place.: after which . refreshments were
served by the ladies. The treasurer's re
port was read, which stated that the club
was not only, entirely out of debt but had
between two and three hundred dollars in
the * treasury, r and ;, during the ; month
, twenty-one new members had come in.
Quite a nice showing lor a club only six
months old.
• When the "Code of Laws" is revised at
the next congress in Brooklyn, as it prob
ably will be, we suggest the I insertion jof
the following: "Whoever shall by word or
gesture show his approval or disapproval of
is partner's mode of play during the deal,
or make any remark.or ask any question not
alio --ed by the laws of whist, shall forfeit
one trick;' either to be added to the ad
versaries' score or deducted from his own
at their option. At progressive duplicate
to be deducted after the averages are
taken." • <
The directors of the: American Whist
League have just issued a new S schedule
score card for team play between clubs
which is intended to prevent- mistakes in
scoring or placing of the players, ir*. 21 or
48 deals. It shows the exact position of
each player for every deal. The score is
kept by one side only, north, and attested
by the adversary, east. Samples of these
cards will be sent to all our whist readers
upon application to our Whist Editor. > •;
"£ E. C. Howell, a great whist mathema
tician of Boston, will make his mark in
the whist world some day that will be sec
ond to none in this country — or any other
for that matter. He is just now engaged
on something new in whist that will be
ready for the Brooklyn congress.
Vogue, a New York weekly society jour
nal, devotes a double page to a beautiful
drawing of the interior of the New York
ladies' whist club rooms, filled with fashion
and beauty, at the silent game. Miss Ger
trude Clapp, the well-known whist teacher,
has charge of the whist department in that
journal.
The Call suggests to the tournament
committee in charge of affairs at the com
ing Brooklyn congress to have a progres
sive straight duplicate compass whist
match for the development of "new whist
fads." Have it continue the whole week,
and allow none to enter this contest except
those who have not graduated from the
school called "Monkeying; or, Catch-as-
Catch-Can."
Why don't whist players and writers
adopt the custom of saying, north and
south against east and west, and when a
deal at whist is being demonstrated use
the points of the compass instead of A. B.
against Y. Z. or C. D. We would go fur
ther and say the leader or dealer should
always be placed south. *>'; -.;,
General A. W. Drayson, in a letter to
the London Field of April 4, says: "If
whist is to be made more a game of skill
than.it is honors should be struck out from
the score. But nine-tenths of the men (in
England) who play what they call whist
do so as a gambling business. They care
little for the science of the game." He also
says the American code of laws is far more
clear and simple than the English code.
We'll convert them yet.
Nine of spades trumps. South to lead.
We will give a whist book to the first
one that sends ns the number of tricks
that North. and South can make playing
this hand as you please, all cards exposed
or otherwise. : ■ ••- *. - - . V
THE SONG I SANG -FOR YOU.
I sang for you one early morn
When leaves with dew were wet. . •
Though years have passed tbat simple song . .
-"ink's in my memory yet:
You were my little queen of flowers,
1 lay low at your feet, .-->.*. 7Xx.*
And crowned you with a diadem
Of blossoms fair and sweet.
I sang for you one afternoon, V "■ 'x
A bird sans: overhead : • • ....,- , » ..
•' Your song is far the sweeter song,*'.. ' ; \7 '
those were the words yon said: :'■:' *
I wooed you for my bonrile bride, ''J ''.XX
You save your heart and hand.' -•. ■• :• v'< ';--•: "'
And forth we wandered arm in ana te-g&g
Across the twilight land. . '■-.-■■ ■;■ .7 '. '-. .
: I sang for you one starless night;; '••;
My tears fell like the rain : . ' --,'•' ", .
You bade me sing "Abide with me,"
' I did not end the strain '*' •'" ■ ' ' '■
You closed your eyes, and 10, your ears '■*
With angel music rang!
I wonder if you e'er recall
The earthly songs I sang ! XXvX
....-;«^.v- ..... <*I.AR_N-CE I'F.MT.
AN UNPLEASANT JOB.
Bob Crawford's Peculiar, and Disagree
.' able Means of Kuriiing a Livelihood..
The last two years of hard times have
developed a large number of peculiar
methods of making a living among the
poorer population of this City. One of the
queerest of these has been adopted by old
Bob Crawford, who manages to get a liv
ing out of the bottom of the channel by
fishing for things that have been lost over
board from vessels. It is a most undesir- .
able job and brings in the smallest kind of
an income, but Bob sticks to it on account
of its delightful uncertainty. !*A *■'!-_'-.■-■
Bob can be seen on the wharf along the
side of the channel almost any day keep
ing his eye on the different vessels.
As soon as one of them leaves her berth
Bob watches the place until the tide goes
down and then climbs under the wharf
and commences to "fish." He uses a rake
of his own. manufacture that has a long
handle and teeth very close together.
With this he scratches around in the foul
smelling black ooze and if it strikes any
Crawford Scouring tho Channel for
Lost Articles. .
[From a sketch.]
sort of a hard substance it is soon lifted to
the surface.
Sometimes he only gets a teaspoon or an
old Knife, and sometimes not even that.
But there are occasions when he finds such
things as hammers, chisels, saws and other
tools that have been dropped by men
working on the side of the craft. Bob will
stick to anything he can get, if it's only a
rusty nail.
*In -, addition to obtaining lost articles.
Bob often gets a good-sized .crab. or, an
oyster that has fallen overboard from the
schooners of the Morgan Oyster Company,
and he does not ; take long to swallow 'it.
He has been around the channel wharves
for over a year, and the only money he
has been . known '■•-. to . earn was >25 cents,
which a captain . gave him for finding a
copper saucepan a cook bad lost over
board. ';■" .!;".
Of all countries in the world, save China,
labor is probably cheapest in India, where
the wages of the .laboring classes average
something like 3*_ pence a day.': A fairly
skilled journeyman can , earn \ about { 12
shillings a month, and a good mechanic
about 16 shillings,; or twice the pay of a
native soldier.
TWO
SAN FRANCISCO
WOMEN
____
p^.|^-dHIS letter is not from a "corre-
I spondent," and is written only
THIS letter is not from some
spondent," and is written only
because I find in Japan some-
Jl ' thing interesting to the ladies of
San Francisco, . which they are
not likely to know unless I tell it to them.
But first let me preface this pleasant duty
by a few remarks. I will assume — though
perhaps I should not that not every
woman knows that there, are only four
open ports in Japan where any one may
live at pleasure, and that outside of these
one must have the permission of the Gov
ernment, or be in the employ of a Jap
anese. For this reason globe-trotters and
newspaper writers acquire comparatively
little knowledge of the people or country,
their books and letters being made up as
they meditatively stroll through the cor
ridors or 101 l upon the verandas of the
large hotels in the "concession," or foreign
quarter, soothed into an imaginative mood
by a mild cigar.
The concession of Tokio gives no hint
of Japanese life, being in all respects a
modern town, with houses in foreign
style, well-paved slreets,.gas lighting and
all the concomitants of another civiliza
tion than that of the Orient. One hears
here the same denunciation of "the times"
and complaint about the depression in
silver which people at home indulge in.
Like our cities, the port of Tokio' has a
ISABELLA AND MARY PRINCE.
[From a photograph.]
mixture of peoples from everywhere, and
of every class. But /the official class and
those who can show some good reason for
being here are very closely united, mak
ing a most agreeable social atmosphere.
Just here I wish to introduce two San
Francisco women, the sisters Isabella and
Mary Prince, who were, not very many
years ago, well known in our City as edu
cators of our -society young ladies, by
whom they will be gratefully and oleasur
ably remembered. It chanced that among
those who sought their aid was Mrs.
Yanagaya, wife of the then Japanese Con
sul, with other members of the consulate.
The acquaintance and friendship thus
formed led to the appointment by the Jap
anese Government of the Misses Prince as
instructors of the ladies of the court circle
in Japan in foreign customs, dress, man
ners, language and literature. It was ray
privilege to be a member of the Prince
household during the. progress of the
events which led up to the appointment of
my friends to official life in Japan. With
this introduction I invite my readers to
fancy themselves being entertained by
these ladies in the character of an old
friend, as I am being. In reply to ray
request to be told something about life in
the Orient the talk runs in this wise :
"If we undertook that, we should fill
a four-volumed book full of the -most de
lightful experiences, and leave omitted
enough to have made a sequel of consider
able length, and then not be done. Our
friends, who sent for us, did so only when;
the way was open to make our coming all
that we could desire. We stepped at once
into official life, and have never ceased to
receive its benefits. After- four years the
special school we came : to be connected
with was ."abolished by the Govern
ment, but we were requested by .private
parties ;to remain in lokio, were placed
under, the care of the Foreign Offlce and
are still retained for private work among
officials. .Twice we have been ' on ; the
point of going home at the close of certain
periods, but before that time was reached
new educational, ties have been formed,
and we could not away. ..
"The Japanese are ; the most delightful'
people to be among— is, the class
among ', which we have been thrown.
Every one; in Tokio has a I reason to be
here, and a position' which commands re
spect, and accompanied by a salary which
insures all the comforts ] of ; life. '-: This, of
itself, makes life agreeable, and \ united
with ; ripe scholarship, rich experiences
and ": earnest work, " when 7 we :-.- meet * each
other we find plenty to talk of and about.
"We are, and have been ever since we
have been here, constantly engaged in I
active work for the benefit of the women I
of Japan, a work of which we never tire, so '
interesting we find it. Not that we see
such great results, but that we j have faith
to believe that time will bring results that
now we only dream of. Japanese women
only need to have opportunities given
them to do every kind of good work,' but
they have been hampered for centuries,
and It is very hard to rise out of bondage.
It is not considered etiquette for a lady of
rank to talk above her breath, and only at
rare intervals, and our constant chatter is
really very ill-bred to them. I have yet to
see a Japanese lady whose manners were
not dignified and elegant, but we have
been most fortunate, being received into
the very highest official society. While at
the school we were presented to the Em
press, and received a special message from
her own lips, a compliment for which we
have reason to be grateful."
I found my friends occupying a small,
comfortable "foreign" house in the native
town. They go to church and visit in the
concession, but are always glad to : get
back to their home among the Japanese.
It is situated on a hill overlooking a large
plain filled with native houses. In full
view across the bay are the palaces of the
Emperor and Empress, surrounded by
highly cultivated grounds. Each morn
ing their eyes are gladdened with a view
of tbe rose-tipped apex of Fujiyama, arid
every evening they enjoy the view of a
sunset behind the snow-tipped summits
of the blue Hakone range on the opposite
side of the valley. A woman cook, a man
to sweep and pull their jinrickisha, a
seamstress and an interpreter constitute
the family of servants.
Two afternoons of the' week, am in
formed, two young gentlemen come in for
conversation lessons and to dine. This
gives them a knowledge of foreign man?
ners. On two other evenings .two other
gentlemen with the same intent come to
lesson and dinner. They are young mer
chants, and are learning, 1 among other
things, to write business letters. For one
of them one of my friends does the corre
spondence with two New York houses,
where their business runs up to $10,000 or
more per annum. The lessons of these
gentlemen begin at 5 p. M.
On three afternoons of the week, at an
earlier hour, another young man, son of a
millionaire of Tokio, comes for conversa
tion, and on three mornings of the week
two ladies come at 10 o'clock to study Eng
lish, take lunch and learn how to cut and
make children's clothing. These pupils
are under the care principally of the elder
of the sisters. The younger has her set of
private pupils, going out three mornings
and receiving pupils in French and elocu
tion in the evenings at home. In addition
to ail this industry these ladies find time
to give to all manner of good works, in
which the Japanese ladies of rank are very
active. Mrs. Yanagaya is mentioned as
being particularly interested in the educa
tion of women. The wife of the Marqui.
Oiyama is president of a literary society
which meets at the house of my friends
eveiy month, they being the "foreign ad
visers." Miss Prince says the Japanese are
born writers. \Vithin a short time a new
law bas been passed in the Diet allowing
women to print and publish their writings,
and to edit newspapers. Next thing we
shall hear of will be press clubs and wo
men's congresses. It really is very wonder
ful that in one generation such long strides
forward have been made. . - x.-V..
Miss Prince speaks in admiring and af
fectionate terms of her younger pupils,
some of whom have been in her care for ;
eight years. She says: "One I have just
helped send off to San Francisco is the
daughter of Marshal Marquis Yamagata,
the < hero of Manchuria. Miss Iwasaki,
another pupil for the full time, is to be
married soon to the son of Count Matau
kata, who, it is expected, will go abroad
as a Consul-General. Thus , carefully are
both men and women prepared for the po
sitions they are to fulfill in society— ex
ample which we would do well to follow.
My friends mention that Mr. Yanagaya is
still in official life, in the Department of
Agriculture. His eldest son, who is learn
ing banking, will soon go to Europe for
three years. The second went to the Chi- 1
cago Exposition, and is in business in
Tokio; while Miss Somi, whom we used to
see as a little girl in San Francisco, is mar- s
ried, and three younger children are at
school. ' "'■'.. -•'•;
; "Mr. Murota.whom we remember as sub-
Consul in San Francisco, fills the office of
Consul-General of the United •; States and'
Mexico, and resides in Mexico; and Mr.
033 i ;; who was "\ secretary to Mr. .' Yana»
gaya, is now Consul at Victoria, B. C.
Mrs. Funakoshi, who is at present in San
Francisco, is a lady of the highest rank in
Japan, and my friends express a hope that
she may not be shocked by the bad man
ners of some whom she may meet in
society there! As etiquette is compara
tive and arbitrary, I fear she wiil not
escape being shocked."
Among the many things given the
Misses Prince to do was the prepara
tion of some literary-statistical matter
for the Columbian Exposition, Isabella
writing a report for the Agricultural
Department in Tokio, and Mary for an
association of merchants in Kioto. j These
reports are very interesting. Of Kioto the
latter says: "Some of the most stirring
events in the history of the empire nave
been enacted here, and tradition and
legend have handed down many a touch
ing incident connected with the lines of
warriors and statesmen who once ruled
the destinies of Japan.
"A wide field of research is thus offered
to tlie student of history and antiquities.
* * * Kioto is a world of wonders in
art and nature. Here peace always
reigns— as. we are told it does in Paradise —
and str .ngers coining here from distant
lands will always receive a cordial wel
come." Add to this panegyric the motto
of this book, "If a man ask for the spirit
of Yamato (the ancient name for Japan)
in the wide-spreading islands of Japan —
behold the mountain cherry flowers giving
forth fragrance in the morning sunshine!
and one is lifted up out of the dry atmos
phere of commerce into the regions of
poetry ;. but in descriptions of the art
manufactures of Kioto there is much
that is pleasant reading, as ceramics,
paintings, fanmaking, embroidery and
silk weaving and dyeing are treated of.
The decoration of velvet yuzen is particu
larly interesting from the skill and pa
tience required. V> :
The authors of these reports say of their
work: "For this we had no tract, every
thing being left to the will of our em
ployers. We were handsomely paid, how
ever, besides a great deal of ceremonial
etiquette expended in banquets, etc."
These writings were thus ordered and
paid for, because they had to be in Eng
lish, "but now," they add. "there is no
more need lor English scribes."
Lest any adventurous soul should flat
ter herself that by coming to Japan she is
to enter upon an experience similar to that
of the Misses Prince, or even find employ
ment for an industrious pen, let me say
right here that there is nothing to do un
less one comes prepared for a stay of one
or two years, with money for traveling ex
penses and an interpreter — prepared, that
is, to penetrate to the interior and study
the life of the people at first hand. This
requires means and the consent of the Gov
ernment. •"":;"'
The language takes so long to learn that
it is useless expecting to get on by study
ing it with the design of using it as a
means of communication; therefore, one
must be content to see through Japanese
eyes to a very great extent— either that or
do as most of the visitors here do, write a
pack of lies. The Misses Prince are quite
as indignant as the natives over these
fabrications. They burn them more often
than they preserve them, so false and im
moral are the majority. The appetite for
a foul sensationalism is not as strong here
as it is in our own country or Europe.
Life flows on very evenly and with very
little excitement. '.Everybody takes plenty
of time, and that is the secret of a serene
disposition, good manners and good health.
Sad will it be for Japan when her people
have become imbued with the hurry and
consequent worry of our civilization.
Notwitltutanding the great deal of work
which our friends actually do they find
time to consider their toilets for ceremo
nious occasions, such as legation balls and
swell dinners, for this is a care which
women can never escape and preserve
their social charm and prestige. But
imagine a dinner conversation where both
parties must altogether avoid their own
tongue and meet on ground foreign to
both — say French. Or imagine a calling
expedition where one lady cannot speak
Japanese, the other cannot speak English
and does not know much French. Says
Isabella; "I cannot yet speak more than
a few necessary words and do not attempt
to construct a sentence grammatically.
Sister can do much more, and we often go
calling on Japanese ladies, when she does
the talking and I sit and smile, throwing
in now and then an exclamation or a
French word, which I consider better than
nothing."
Those who remember Miss Prince will
appreciate how gracefully she could do
that. Having to teach English constantly
prevents much advancement in Japanese,
but with Mary it is different, she devoting
herself to linguistic accomplishments. If
she lives long enough she will speak the
language like a native.
The Misses Prince are direct descend
ants of Miles Standish, and came later
from the seafaring merchant class of New
England, their father, Captain Cushing
Prince, commanding a vessel which ran
to Liverpool, and irequently taking his
eldest daughter with him. On these voy
ages and while living temporarily abroad
her education, obtained principally in
New York, was aided by observation and
contact with a variety, of individuals and
classes, all of which was really a fortunate
preparation for her life among foreign peo
ple.
I have witnessed one national holiday in
Tokio. Flags were flying from every
house front, the sun was shining although
it was January, the air was mild and the
numerous children were out with kites
and other playthings celebrating after
their merry fashion and furnishing enter
tainment for their elders. The Japanese
have large families, to whioh they devote
themselves with much solicitude, and the
children return this care with filial obedi
ence and affection. All of this constitutes
an atmosphere congenial to the ladies of
whom I have written, and whose name
deserve to go into history as the first
American women to be offered appoint
ments at a foreign court.
To avoid any complications of etiquette
let me here state that 1 write and post this
letter without consulting my friends, feel
ing that' it may give pleasure to former
pupils and acquaintances in California.
':' San Franciscan.
. Tokio, March 15 1899.
The Cat Lives on the Train.
Captain Tom Hanlon, the popular con
ductor on the Louisville Southern , Rail
road, has a mascot in the shape of a brindla
cat, which some one threw into the bag
gage-car over a month ago. Tho captain
at. once recognized his feiine omen of good
luck and adopted her. Pussy appreciated
this love at first Bight and stuck to the
train. When the train gets to* Louisville
or Lexington she jumps off with the pas
sengers, visits and gossips with the other
cats in the • neighborhood, just * like all
females will do, and when the bell rings
she gets aboard again with the crew. Cap
tain Hanlon refuses to part with his mas
cot, saying his train can never run off th
track as long "as she is on boara,— Lexiv
ton Argonaut.
2728
COURTING
MADE
DIFFICULT-
A STORY WITH A MORAL
••ty -r*jr y^HEN I left the University of
WHEN I went to University of
Jena I went to live with an
\kj\kj uncle— who. since the death
V y of m y parents had supplied
their place to me — at a
pleasant .country house within an easy
distance of his manufactory. Uncle
Rheinhold was much attached to me, and
though he had not objected to my pro
longing my university life rather beyond
the usual age, when I finally quitted Jena
he strongly urged me to turn my atten
tion to industrial pursuits, holding out to
me the prospect of one day becoming his
partner and ultimately sole proprietor of
his profitable business.
"A MELODIOUS VOICE SHOUTED •HALT!'"
Accordingly, for. up ward of a year, I ap
plied myself to master the mysteries of
looms and shuttles, correspondence and
bookkeeping, but before it was half out 1
fell deeply in love, but this I dared not
tell my uncle. Minnie was the sweetest
fairy that ever tripped over a lawn with
out doubling a daisy; her hair was of the
richest auburn, her eyes were of the deep
est blue, her mouth was a rosebud, and
with my hand I could span her waist,
but— alas! that terrible but she lacked
one thing which my uncle set above ail
the graces ever combined in a goddess.
Her mother, the • widow ' of a 'very poor
clergyman, lived upon a scanty pension,
and Minnie was dowerless. So we kept
our love a profound secret and trusted to
time and the chapter of accidents. Both
young, we could afford to wait; and confi
dent in each other's affection, the possi
bility of another union never entered the
heads of either of us.
My uncle frequently spoke to me of
matrimony. He advocated my early mar
riage—perhaps a little from selfish' mo
tives, for he often joyously anticipated the
charm a young and graceful woman
would bring into his dwelling, and the de
light he should have in dandling a grand
nephew upon his knee. Warm-hearted
ami generous, he was still completely the
man of business, and he looked upon it as
a settled matter that, although I Had very
little fortune of my own, my expectations
from him' would insure me a rich wife.
This idea was so deeply rooted in his
mind that it caused me some uneasiness,
as the day must soon come when I should
confess to him my love for sweet, oenni
less Minnie.
One morning a letter came which seemed
to give my uncle much pleasure, but in
stead of handing it to me to read he folded
it carefully and put it in an inside pocket.
Ail that day he was in a state of particular
exhilaration. At dinner he said little, but
■omething very agreeable evidently occu
pied his mind. At last, when at evening
lie had established himself in his easy
chair at the open window, his meerschaum
in his mouth, a flask of golden Rhenish at
his elbow, the mystery was revealed. The
letter was from his old friend, Counselor
Fraser, who lived on his pleasant domain
of Wiesenthal, about two days* drive
from us.
I had met the counselor once at my
uncle's and was told that he was a very
wealthy widower with three marriageable
daughters. These I had not seen. My
uncle, it appeared, had been negotiating a
marriage between mc and one of the young
ladies, who were reported to be very hand
some, and that morning's letter contained
the counselors full acquiescence in .the
scheme, together with an invitation to me j
to pass a few days at Wiesenthal.
It was useless to say that neither of the '
Misses Frager would please me. ■ My uncle
declared it impossible for me .- to • decide
until I had seen them. So I was obliged
to submit.
I told Minnie the whole matter, vowed I
would be true to her, and tried to console
her by innumerable kisses^ and .tender,
epithets. But the timid, loving little
heart ached sorely, I knew. As I- was
about to : depart -my . uncle said: "The
girls arc pretty, witty and well read. You
must rub up your v learning. The chief
thing is, each of them will have a dower of
30,000 thalers. .Bring; me home * one of
them and - I take you into partnership."
I rolled pleasantly along the level road in
the warm autumn sunshine,' through mile
after mile of dew-spangled vineyard.
Those were my romantic days, and noth
ing would have' pleased me better than to
have had a romance or two by the way.
These were denied me; but, upon the
other hand, an abundance awaited me at
the place of my destination.
It was nearly 10 o'clock in the forenoon
when I reached the neighborhood of the
rich counselor's fine domain. The morn
ing was so fine I determined to leave my
carriage at a roadside inn, near Wiesen
thal, and proceed the remainder of the
way on foot, and besides this gave me an
opportunity to make myself look spruce
before appearing at the Frager abode. Of
course I had no thought of pleasing the
three girls, as my heart was Minnie's. A
small wood lay between me and the house.
I was about to enter it when I saw, about
200 paces from me, the slender figure of a
lady attired in a fantastical costume, be
tween a riding-habit and a riding-coat,
leaning upon a double-barreled gun, ap
parently enjoying the charming landscape.
"If that be one of Frager's daughters,"
thought I to myself, "Uncle Rheinhold
was not so far wrong. What a lovely
figure, to be sure." I was about to walk
on, when a voice, melodious but powerful,
shouted :
"Halt!"
I thought the command could not cer
tainly be addressed to me, and walked on.
Then came the sound of the cocking of a
gun and tha next instant a bullet whistled
over my head. The hint j was enough. I
I halted. ; -"
"The woman must be crazy," thought I
as she rapidly advanced. "What a pity
such a ravishingly lovely form should be
that of a mad woman." - ":- .: ':'
"Why did you not halt when 1 ordered
you?" she : demanded in commanding
tones. ; '■ : x
Scarcely knowing what to say, I care
lessly remarked, "1 thought I heard a bul
let whistle rather near me." *
•'Are you afraid of bullets?"
"Well, there may be cases."
"For shame! A man should never be
afraid, least of all of a lady. You
thought I should hurt you. Do you take
me for an assassin or for a bad shot?"
"Neither; upon my word."
. "There is a fine apple hanging over your
head. Lay vit on your palm, stretch out
your arm and I will shoot it off. Will you
bet that I don't?"
"I am not fond of such bets." ''■, • '■
"Afraid again?"
• "Everyman has his moments of weak
ness." :- *, ,-,, :-.•-., ."«•..".«'*-
"Poltroon," scornfully : exclaimed this
I demon m petticoats, as she: raised her gun
j and leveled it at my head.
"For God's sake!" I cried, but just as
the words were out of my mouth came the
I flash and the report. I thought I should
j have fallen; to a dead certainty this she
j monster had hit my hat. "Take off your
| hat," said she.. I mechanically obeyed.
I There was a hole close to the brim. I
I shuddered from head to foot. .
.".Where are you going to?" said the ter
rible markswoman.
Not to anger her, - I said as courteously
as possible:
"To Wiesenthal; to Counselor Frager's."
"Beware of his , daughters," said the
female fiend with a laugh that might have
been that of the "wild huntsman," and
instantly she disappeared in the wood. [ • I
hurried on to Wiesenthal gas fast as my
legs would carry me,; wondering whether
Wiesenthal , had ; become. . a Turkish
province, or whether we were back again
in tho middle aces, when: people shot at
peaceable passengers for pastime. At last
I emerged from .the trees and breathed
more freely a* I entered the garden. The
worthy counselor gave me a hearty recep
tion, and made me, welcome to Wiesen
thal. Cold game and a bottle of Stein
berger were very welcome after mv recent
peril. My host lamented the absence ' of
his daughters, but said he hoped to intro
duce them to me at dinner. Then he
showed me their portraits, saying with the
a:r of a showman : "This girl* is my eldest,
Louise, a terrible mad-cap and hair
brained puss; she ought to have been a
boy..; She is ; passionately fond of field
sports."- ■,-'..-.
'At this I; related my morning's adven
ture. /'- ■ ' : , ■-, -. *:..:-. ■
; "Just like the gypsy," he said. "But
you had nothing to fear. ■» her hand is
steady and her aim true. .This next por
trait is * that : of >. my second > daughter,
Emily. She is . thought very handsome, j
Notice the lovely brunette complexion '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
and the commanding style of her beauty.
She is my Dieffenbach," he said. "I call her
after the celebrated surgeon, as sh« is the
cleverest surgeon in the whole neighbor
hood. She is now doing an amputation
in the village with the help of the doc
tor." The third portrait was not less
charming than the other two. Rich
masses of brown hair shaded a counte
nance whose features were more delicate
in their expression than either of her sis
ters. "This is my Oken, named after the
great naturalist; her real name is Ern
estine, but as no professor knows more of
zoology, ornithology, ichthyology, and a
lot more, I call her Oken. You should
see her room, it is a museum and men
agerie combined, including a very com
plete collection of snakes, lizards, horned
toads, tarantulas and other disagreeables."
"My dear sir," I exclaimed, "how is it
that your amiable daughters have become
addicted to such unfeminine and extraor
dinary pursuits?"
"The cause is soon told, my dear Mr.
Frank," replied Frager. "They had the
misfortune to lose their mother when they
were* very young. It was impossible ior
me to attend to their education, so I
turned them over to a tutor, who has
brought them up like boys."
He had hardly returned into the break
fast-room when there was a loud barking
of dogs and Louise dashed into the court
yard on her snow-white palfrey. My heart
felt a thrill of pleasure as I saw this slen
der, graceful, daring amazon in her well
fitting habit. She sprang lightly from the
saddle and hurriedly entered the house.
The door flew open, Louise darted in, and
without taking the slightest notice of me
threw ncr arms round her father's neck.
"Mad girl cried Frager, "do you not
s ee there is a guest in the room, a worthy
friend of mine?" X X X-Ai-'X
Drawing her elegant form to its full
height, the wayward beauty, glowing with
recent exercise, measured me with a half
scornful smile playing about her beautiful
mouth and replied:
"If I do not mistake, I have already
made the gentleman's acquaintance."
"I had the honor," said I bowing, "to
serve you as a target."
"I wish you had behaved better, Louise,"
said the counselor, with some dis
pleasure, "you really are incorrigible."
"So he has blabbed already," said the
damsel, scornfully. "Only think, papa,
the young man was frightened, and
thought I would kill him. ' Turning to
me suddenly, she said, "If you are not too
fatigued and are fond of pistol-shooting,
come with me to my gallery." She led
the way and I followed. I had not han
dled the weapon for five years; she han
dled it with a dexterity that made me
look very clumsy. : I had no chance with
her. I was fortunate if I hit the target at
all— it was as big as a plate— while
she put the bullet in the bullseve
at almost every . shot. Tiring of that,
she began firing at birds and at
fruit on trees. At last, producing an ace
of hearts, she hade me hold it out at arm's
length, remarking that she would shoot
the ace out. Remonstrance was useless.
Standing over me with her cocked pistol
she declared she would send a bullet
through my hair if I did not do as I was
told.
This was worse than scalping, so I tried
to turn it off with a joke, but it was all in
vain. I thought I should have fainted as
I mechanically stooped and picked up the
card which I had thrown away in my
trembling finsers, endeavoring to console
myself with the thought that a bullet in
the hand was better than one in the head.
Louise.fired, cut out the ace, turned on her
heel and walked away, leaving me discour
teously to myself. ; .'v : - i
"I hope," said the counselor apologiz
ingly, after I had told him mv adventure,
"that my Emily will efface* the bad im
pressions her sister's pranks have made
upon you. If Louise with her rage for
shooting risks inflicting wounds, Emily,
"A MAGNIFICENT DOUBLE TOOTH WAS WAVED BEFORE MY EYES."
on the other hand, is always ready to heal
them." '-./.--' : .
We entered the dining-room, where we
found the table set for five, but the ladies
did not appear." , The - patient counselor
again apologized and we sat down to j din
ner. To be candid, I was glad of j Louise's
absence.: Notwithstanding the frights I
had had I;' was very hungry, the cooking
was excellent, and I" was passing ' the first
really pleasant moments since' my arrival,
when the door suddenly opened and the
dark-browed Emily appeared. : She was;
if possible, lovelier" than Louise. Dazzled
by her beauty. I rose and bowed, but line
her sister she heeded me not, but hurried
to her father and embraced him.
. "A most successful operation," she
cried, "Poor Arnold is saved. See how
badly his arm.was shattered," displaying
from a folded cloth the amputated mem
ber, with the raw and bloody stump.
"Girls,'.' exclaimed the counselor, "how
can you bring such disgusting objects into
the house where we are at dinner?" .' *
"What care art and science about your
appetites?" replied the she surgeon, look
ing at me with a very unfriendly expres
sion. • .. •' \ ;;;>-- -,;
The counselor urged me to eat, but I
could not swallow a bit. Desirous to con
ceal the fact that the amputated hand had
cut off my apDetite, 1 took out my hand
kerchief and held it to my mouth. "
"What is the matter?" asked the coun
selor. "•■•■•■."-•"* : ; iK i.
"I have a tooth that pains me," I re
plied.
'•Do you suffer from a decayed tooth?"
hastily inquired Emily.
One lie begets another. "At times,", I
answered; "at times when eating one of
my double teeth is very apt to ache." -
"We must have it out," said Emily,
firmly. ."A bad tooth is like a bad con
science; it may be stilled for a moment,
but it never rests long." -***
All my deprecations were useless. She
quietly withdrew to the window and bade
the servant, bring in a basin of water.
Then she drew from a case a hideous in
strument, in form something between a
boathook and a corkscrew.
"Come over here and sit in this arm
chair," she said. "I will do nothing at
all to your mouth, but the teeth are my
favorite studies, and I beg you will allow
me to examine yours."
I had at last to sit down by the window
and open my mouth. Just as I did so the
counselor left the room. My heart sank
within me. I was now completely in the
power of this fiend and her foreceps. She
took a probe and poked and scraped about
my teeth in a horrible manner. Suddenly
I felt a hideous piece of mechanism in my
mouth which grappled a tooth. Before I
knew where I was blue lights danced before
my eyes and I felt as if my jaw was break
ing. The next moment a magnificent
double tooth . with two prodigious prongs
was triumphantly waved before my eyes.
More dead than alive mv tongue con
vulsively sought the terrible gap left by
my departed and irreplaceable grinder.
"Now that my hand is in, you had bet
ter let me remove two other double teeth
that need attention," said Emily, smiling
blandly and advancing upon me with her
implement; but I shouted with terror and
sprang from the chair as if a scorpion had
stung me. At this Emily left the room
just as the counselor entered, attracted
by my cries. I explained to him that his
daughter had, against my will, extracted
a perfectly sound j tooth. But this the
counselor would not admit, declaring
that Emily Knew her business too well to
make mistakes. I then returned to my
room, and reclining on a comfortable sofa,
in my shirtsleeves; I was soon asleep, as
the house was quiet and the afternoon
somewhat sultry. Horrid , dreams dis
turbed my rest, however, culminating in
one in which I was bound, my breast
bared, and a knife driven through my
heart. I awoke with a scream, to find that
Emily had 'crept softly in, rolled' up my
shirtsleeve and bled me. This was awful.
To my bitter remonstrances Emily de
clared I had fever and delirium, and that
if I did not keep quiet, she would be
obliged to repeat the operation.
At last she left me and 1 at once sought
Frager to tell my griefs; to him. He lis
tened courteously and -compassionately,
but nothing could persuade the stubborn
old man that Emily had done wrong.* ,
None of the ladies appeared at the sup
per-table, but when the meal was half fin
ished Oken; long, expected,' came at last.
She was very pretty, with a soft, gentle
manner, and bowed her head very grace
fully in response to ,my; salutation. She
turned the conversation which ensued to
the subject of natural history, more espe
cially-dwelling on the latest discoveries
among amphibia.- Ernestine then opened
a pretty basket beside, her and presently
she held close to my face a lively snake,
which stretched out -toward me its horri
ble neck and forked tongue. I jumped up
and retreated, but ' Ernestine followed me,
and saying, "You are only a counterfeit
naturalist," she slapped me across the face
with the snake and left the room. Frager
again apologized; and tired out I begged to
be excused' and went to bed. Here, after
stretching out my legs,' I found that Oken
had put some live hedgehogs, crawfish and
lizards under the sheet. There was noth
ing for it but, to get up, pack my ; traps
and wait for day. :; , • -■[''■ **
At early dawn I crept out. of the house
and just as I was crossing the lawn I was
confronted by Louise and. her pistol. As
soon as she saw I was going she lowered it
and asked in a joyous way if I really was
going away. To; this I replied .in the af
firmative - and declared I wished I had
never come. Explanations ensued. ' I told
her I was engaged to be married and had
no idea of marrying her or either of her
sisters, at which she almost fell into my
arms, telling me that all three of them
were engaged and hoped to be married as
soon as they could get the counselor's per
mission. •'.'-.-:';" ' -* ' ' ' .
.'*"/: I returned to my uncle and told him the
whole story. The old man was so kind I
ventured to tell him mv secret. He frowned
at tirst, but finally consented, admitting
that my Minnie was an angel of beauty
and goodness.
Before a year was out there were four
weddings at'Wiesenthal. Nimrod married
a parson, Dieffenbach a dragoon, and
Oken a painter. Dieffenbach declares to
this day (and let this be the moral of my
tale) that the loss of the tooth was but a
just punishment for going to look at other
women when I was already a plighted and
accepted lover, a sentiment in whic:* her
sisters, and especially Minnie, heartily
concur. Branscom be Ashley. •
ONE THING HE CANNOT DO.
A boy can climb a slippery tree
Where men would surely fall.
The dog who barks at you and me
Will let him pull his tail. -~ ■■>{ -;
He takes a swim where It's so cold
We'd never reach the shore. .
He's capable of feats untold, •
But he cannot shut a door.
With rubber and a wooden frame
He makes a gun; his skill
Enables him to bring down game
Your rifle cannot kill.
Your fishing tackle la- ds a few;
His bent pin catches more. ■ •
Ah.' wondrous things a boy can do,
But he cannot shut a door. -
—Washington Star.
-.^ir.::' ' __:.
A HISTORIC CANNON.
It Is Now Used as a Curbstone
Fender.
Almost the only relic in existence of the
•battery that was established * in this City
during the Mexican War is an old cannon
that is at present doing, duty as a curb
stone fender. At the time the battery was
constructed it was on the edge of the bay
and near where the corner of Broadway
and Sansome street now is.
When peace was declared the battery
was dismantled and all the material of
any use was carried away. For some
reason one cannon was left behind, car
riage and all. There appeared to be noth
ing the matter with it and it was even
used several times to fire Fourth of July
salutes.
As the years went by the carriage was
moved away and remained lying on the
ground for a long time. \ When Battery
street was cut through it received its name
from the old fort and the cannon % was
rolled down to the edge of the curb as a
reminder of the old days.
How long it lay there is a question .that
nobody can answer, for those who might
have done so are all dead. At any rate it
is known that a patriotic drayman con
cluded that the cannon should betaken
care of. He got a number of volunteers
and when the curbstone was put in the
crowd carried it to the corner and poked
its muzzle down into a hole. It has re
mained there ever since. The- portion of
it that is visible appears to be in a good
Old Cannon Used as t a Curb-Fender at
'.Battery* Street and Broadway.
' . [From a sketch.] - -.".- •".'".'"
state of preservation, but the chances". are
that the other end of it i 3 only a big lump
of rust. 7 . ' '. '■*';: .[ ' ,
BOOTH IN HIDING.
One Man's ' Life ' Hunc ; by, a Very Slender
*''■:" .Thread..; . * "'
The spot to which Captain Cox led the
assassins was an old tobacco-bed covered
with; broom-sedge ; in a "dense thicket of
young pines, which was not near any road
way.' ,' .' ■" [[ '.-': "' '.".'' 7 7 ~x '■
''..' Thomas A. Jones, a,', foster-brother of
Captain Cox, and who had been his r over
seer, lived within half : a mile of the Po
tomac, on a place called - "Huckleberry,"
and, as he had been regularly engaged in
conveying spies and blockade- runners sur
reptitiously across the -Potomac, Cox sent
for him and placed Booth and Herold in
his charge. Jones daily brought food cov
ered with corn in a basket to the fugitives,
and called lustily; to his hogs as he paid
his visit. . : ,»',,,""-.-.".' ': "-,_■;.
Each day he found Booth suffering much
from nis .leg, and usually on the ground
rolled in' his blanket. He was eager for
the papers giving an account of the mur
der, and seemed to be much distressed
that his foul deed met with little approba
tion in the South. Jones watched his op
portunity to take his dangerous charge to
the, river, about two and a half miles dis
tant, and nearly a week a gloomy, cloudy
week of chilly mist— passed before the
favorable opportunity came.
On tho third or fourth day aiter Booth
reached the pines it was decided. to dispose
of their horses, which had become restless
from lack of food and proper stabling, as
it was feared that their neighing : would be
tray •: them. :• Accordingly, Herold . and
Franklin A. Roby, Captain; Cox's overseer
at that time, led the- horses about two
miles distant into Zekiah Swamp, where it
makes a junction with Clarkes, Run, and
here- they were shot. As the place was
boggy, the bodies of the dead horses dis
appeared from view in ; the course of : a
.week and were never seen afterward.
' The : carcasses of these animals, .how
ever, came i near betraying ' Captain*; Cox.
A large troop of colored cavalrymen came
to his.residence for the purpose of secur
ing information as to the route taken by
the assassins after they' left Rich Hill.
Captain Cox showed them the general
direction of their course early Sunday
morning, which was";,- toward * Zekiah
Swamps. ; The •': troopers started for the
swamp, and Captain Cox and | his son re
tired to a knoll about a quarter, of a mile
in the rear of his house, commanded
an extensive view, of ■; the entrance to the
swamp in the valley below.
They could easily see the 'buzzards hov
ering over the spot where the horses had
been killed a few days before, their bodies
not having yet sunk into the bog. Captain
Cox and his I son; anxiously watched the
cavalrymen approach the swamp. Would
they, or would ■ they : not £ enter below the
dead ;. horses? Captain Cox nervously
questioned. "My;. son." said he, "if -"those"
men enter below the ; spot where the
bodies of the horses are I shall hang for
it,".;-,-. 7. -..•.-•■ fa
The colored cavalry entered but a short
distance above where the .'horses lav and
deploying at intervals of fifty, feet beat
the. swamp from Captain Cox's to Dr.
Mudd s,_ nearly fifteen miles.-Victor Louis
Mason, in the Century.
CLEVER STAMP SWINDLER
Dealers and Collectors All Over
the Country Made -;
Victims.
OPERATED FOR A LONG PERIOD
. . .
Names of Prominent Philatelists Util
. ized by Franz Wooge in
His Scheme.
Lying in the County Jail in this City is
Franz Wooge, awaiting trial in the United
States District Court on a charge of having
used the United States mail with pur
pose to defraud.
Wooge, for a year and a naif, has made
a very pest of himself to the stamp-dealers
and stamp-collectors from one end of the
FRANZ WOOGE, THE STAMP SWINDLER.
[From a photograph.]
United : States to the other, oper
ating under a half dozen or more aliases
and from as many different points. His
scheme was to secure stamps on approval
from a dealer or collector in one place and
then dispose of them to a dealer in another,
or by means of advertisements in philatelic
publications. So far as has been learned
he followed this predacious course as the
sole means of securing a livelihood.
The attention of Herbert P. Thrall,
United States Postoffice Inspector, was
first called to the doings of Wooge by the
receipt of complaints from various people
in the East stating that Frank Wooge and
Frank Kcem'g had obtained stamps from
them under false representations and had
failed to pay for .them. An investigation
resulted in learning that the same person
was using both these names and was oper
ating" from Crook County, Or., near a
place called Sisters. There was not suffi
cient evidence, however, to warrant an ar
rest and Wooge was allowed to continue at
work, though a strict surveillance was
kept on him. :' -j.
Eventually he began to carry out his
swindling designs on some of the Califor
nia dealers. Among others from whom he
secured consignments were W. Seilschopp
& Co. of this City and W. A. H. Connor
of Los Angeles. These provided the ne
cessary evidence, near at home, and on
February 26 Inspector Thrall caused
Wooge's arrest at Etna-Mills, Siskiyou
County, California. * --■;'*' .
■ Correspondence and other documentary,
evidence was secured at the same time
showing that he had operated under the
aliases of George W. Zimmerman, Frank
Koenig, Frank Wooge, Frank Grimmel,
W. Rothfuchs, W. H. Fa ber and C. T. Car
penter, and from Sisters, Silver Lake,
Summer Lake, Paisley, Plush, Lakeview,
Bly, Yainax, Fort Klamath, Klamath
Agency, Klamath Falls and Keno, Ore
gon, and Fort Bidwell, Cedarville, Willow
Ranch, Ager, Yreka, Fort Jones, Scott
River, Sawyers Bar, Callahan and Etna
Mills, California.
x In order .to secure approval lots from
those to whom he wrote Wooge gave the
names of supposed responsible people as
reference, such as bank presidents, mem
bers of prominent firms, city officials, etc.
In some cases these were purely fictitious,
and in the others the people had no
knowledge whatever of Wooge. He also
represented himself sometimes as a person
of some prominence, such as a sheriff, and
a minister ot the g.spel, his expectation
being that neither his references nor his
own standing would be investigated.
He has a good knowledge of the most de
sirable class of stamps evidently, for his
requests were generally for those which
always find a ready market, such as un
used United States Columbian issue or un
used stamps of Great Britain and the var
ious British colonies. What largely aided
to make his efforts successful was the use
of such names as Kcenig, Rothfuchs, Zim
merman, etc., all well-known philatelists
of high standing in philatelic circles.
In one case he corresponded with a well
known St. Louis firm under all his differ
ent aliases, and though there was no at
tempt to disguise the handwriting the im
position, owing to the large volume of this
firm's business correspondence, was not
discovered until the firm's attention was
called to the matter by a communication
from Inspector Thrall.
S Wooge s operations were extremely bold
in his stupid way. He had sent a lot of
stamps to E. F. Gambs of this City which
he desired to sell. The matter "slipped
Mr. Oambs attention, and he had his
memory refreshed by a communication
from Wooge, under his assumed name, to
*, ■« w _- s added the title of deputy
sheriff, threatening to prosecute if the
stamps were not at once paid for or re
turned. They were paid for.
Wooge is about 33 or 31 years of age.
The evidence against him is claimed tote
conclusive as it is both of a circumstan
tial " and . documentary character. The
federal statutes provide as a punishment
ior -the crime, of which he is said to be
guilty a maximum fine of $500 and a maxi
mum imprisonment of eighteen months.
MR. BILLTOPS TO PRAUKY.
He Tells About Certain Singular Occur
rences in the ' Far West.
"Pop," said little Franky Billtops, "tell
me a story."
V "Well, Franky," said Mr. Billtops,
"you've heard of showers of bullfrogs, and
fishes and that sort of thing, I know, but
you never heard of its raining I trees, did
you . Out West, once, 'wav out West by
the Rocky Mountains, the . inhabitants
were surprised one day to see a tree com
ing down out of the sky. This happened
a number of times and people got v more
and more surprised about it, and accounts
oi it got , into the newspapers. ; Some *. of
these accounts said .there were showers of
_SS_l*/i t ? ke ■"- al together there was a
great deal of interest over it, as you can
easily imagine, and people wondered
greatly what it could mean.
"But it was simple enough. One of the
residents of the region going along one
day in a most remote part of the country
saw a great giant walking along the moun
tains. He was a most stupendous, colossal
giant, whose, natural walk carried hi in
along from mountain top to mountain top
just "as you or I would walk along on the
stones in a cobblestone-paved street. Of
course it was very pleasant to be as big as
that when he . wanted to walk around
among the mountains, but when he wanted
to lie down I suppose he must have had to
come down on the plains— that is, if he
wanted to lie out straight. But this isn't
telling you about the trees.
'"It seems that this giant was exceed
ingly neat; he was very careful about his
clothes and he wouldn't even sit down in
a dusty place without first dusting it off.
You've seen boys in their good clothes
take out their handkerchief and dust off a
stone with it before sitting down? Well,
this giant used to do the same thing; only
instead of using a handkerchief he used a
tree- he'd just pull up a tree and hold it
by the trunk and brush the place off with
the top, same as you would with a feather
duster, and when he'd got through du>t; '
he wouldn't put the tree in his pocket like
you would a handkerchief, but he'd just
give it a toss. Sometimes it would fall
nearby; sometimes when it happened to
be caught by a wind current it might be
carried a long distance before it fell; it was
such trees as these, that came nobody
knew how nor whence, that people had
wondered at so much.
"When they discovered where the trees
did come from they got up a petition and
sent it to the giant asking him not to
throw his trees around in that way, be
cause, you see, it was more or less of an
annoyance to folks to have trees coming
down like that; but the giant never paid
the slightest attention to it, and the trees
kept coming just the same; but the people
felt easier about it than they did before,
for we are all less disturbed by things we
know about than we are about things we
don't understand." New York Sun.
HAS THREE BARRELS.
A Pocket Firearm of Novel Construc
tion.
" An old-fashioned pocket firearm recently
fell into the hands of Edward; Ladd of 9
Third street. It was the property of a
miner who recently went to Cooks Inlet.
Alaska, and, in the parlance of '49, there
is one "nick filed in the handle. ' The
weapon has three barrels, three inches
long, set one above the other. The ham-
mer is operated by the trigger only, thus
being a self-cocker. The tiring- pin swings
on a revolving pivot set in the frame, and
the operation is on the ratchet principle.
The firing-pin, when the weapon— which is
of the old powder, cap and ball variety
is ready for action, rests below the lower
cap. By pulling the trigger the Din is
raised opposite to the barrel simultaneously
with the raising of the hammer. The
lower barrel is discharged, and a second
pull raises the pin to the second barrel,
and so on until all three are discharged.
This UDique weapon is remarkably well
made, and would be very effective for
offense or defense even in this day of im
proved firearms. On the barrel is the
inscription, "William W. Marston, New
York City, Pat. May 25. 1857." This shows
the weapon to be among the first, if not
the first, of the self-cocking pistols that
have become so popular of late years.
There are large districts in China where
labor is so -cheap that it can hardly be
reckoned on a money standard. Thou
sands of Chinese laborers live on a little
more than a handful of rice or so a day,
and yet even then there are thousands of
unemployed practically starving.
IfEW TO-PAT.
S-nssm _* 1 From CSJournal of XtMcin*
la^v I Prof. W. H. Peeke, who
5] *»*_l "W" _*'^ makes a specialty of
• * A W alk ' Epilepsy, has without
F_g& S! % doubt treated and cur -
'_l ■ Prol '- W * H * -P* 8 * 6 -*-* 8 * yfho
"th™ makes a specialty of
B H i 1 Epilepsy, has without
I doabt treated and cur-
-3 • F 9 >lk ec " more cases than any
Fjj E a xb living Physician his
7£ \ |_ 9 k V success is astonishing.
_fyB_ ffi __'^_W*' We have heard of cases
_■»» *w of TO years' standing
jfUn* **d| cured by
X B him. He
;$ *»*j **S__| /"*__ >*V 8 publishes a
Wrf—^i ■ valuable
■ tg |j fl work on
'3 AMI ease, which
4. *» £ L_HB he sends
large bot-
tle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
We advise any one wishing a cure to address
_•*•___• H. PEEKE. F. D. 4 Cedar St., Hew Yor*
RADWAY'S
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion | and absorption of the food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowels
natural in their operar, on without gripingNOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
SCIENCE, LITERATURE
AND
ART
AN investigation into the condi
tion of the two aluminum ves
sels of the French navy —the Ven
denesse, a yacht, and the Yarrow
torpedo-boat La Foudre, made by
M. Guillemoux — and reported in Le Genie
Civil, throws much light on the conditions
under which aluminum may be used in
naval construction. Both vessels have
now been two years in use. :'/.;.'-
The hull of the Yarrow torpedo-boat has
only suffered where the metal has come
into direct contact with salt water, either
through the peeling off of the paint or its
lacking the requisite imperviousness, as
for instance in the portions above the
water line. The deck, covered by rubber
cloth glued to the metal, is intact. The
interior portions, painted over with red
THE PRINCE OF WEID'S YACHT ALUMINA.
lead. a material that favors the oxidation
of aluminum, were worn away at a uni
form rate.
When M. Guiilemoux examined it the
condition of the boat presented nothing
alarming, but repairs should have been
made at once, as aluminum when once
attacked deteriorates, even out of water.
All the alumina used should have been
removed, the paint scraped off and a new
coat put on, and as the whole hull is made
of the metal it would have been necessary,
in order to clean the vessel thoroughly, to
take it completely to pieces. The work
was not done, and the hull seems to be ir
reparably destroyed.
The Vendenesse has made two trips to
sea and was besides kept for several
months when first launched in the com
mercial basin at Havre. The water of the
basin began to attack the parts from
which the paint had been removed, and
the action of the water was intensified by
the neighborhood of the copper bottoms
of a number of . yachts. The hull was
scraped and repainted, and ever since the
parts attacked have behaved like the rest
of the hull.
Later, the linoleum which covers the
decs having become loose, the deck began
to oxidize, wearing out irregularly and
forming holes in many places, so that
several plates had to be changed. The
seams presented a curious phenomenon.
The alumina used expanded greatly and
drove apart the plates covering the joints,
lengthening out the rivets and forcing
their heads into the countersinks, without
letting in water, however, for the alumina
was compressed enough to make a perfect
joint. Of two plates riveted together only
one is attacked, showing that some gal
vanic action has taken place among
the various aluminum materials. This
arises from the lack of homogeneity
in the plates, taken from different
ingots, a fact proved by plunging various
samples into a solution of sodium chloride.
The electromotive force of the pile thus
formed was measured and brought to light
two important facts: 1. That the more
electropositive aluminum is, the better it
resists salt water. 2. When aluminum
materials, of the same chemical composi
tion commercially, are brought together
there is a risk of 'producing voltaic piles.
M. Guiilemoux is of the opinion that in
the Vendenessa the sea water has not
modified the texture of the portions of the
metal that remained sound or affected its
powers of resistance.
There is no exact information to be had
as to the behavior of the aluminum boats
and canoes used by the Colonial Depart
ment, nor could it throw much light on
the subject, as the water in which they are
used is usually not salt.
M. Guiilemoux concludes that alumi
num is a suitable material for seagoing ves
sels,-and that the failures made in the
past are due to our lack of knowledge of
its nature and proper use and the irregu
larity in its production.
The metal selected ' should be as free
from impurity as possible; it should be
tested by the galvanometer, and only
ingots surpassing in electropositiveness
a standard well tested by experiment in
sea water accepted ; the ingots should be
mixed together as much as possible in
fusion, so as to secure homogeneity. In
construction the precautions to be taken
are very simple; they are merely to avoid
absolutely contact with copper- and to
paint all surfaces. .-•;*'
. . BOAI-DKILL FOB STOKERS.
An Excellent Innovation on an Atlantic
Line.
-■ A rule - recently introduced upon the
steamers of the North-German Lloyd line
provides for the practice of the stokers on
steamers in the getting overboard of the
lifeboats and rowing in the same. These
exercises are made by shifts, so that in
cases of emergency the stokers will be well
disciplined and know just what is to be
done to get the boats afloat and off
safely. In case of accident such
a number of practiced hands in the
boats will be of invaluable , assistance •in
the saving of lives. The repetition 'of the
disgraceful scenes at every, marine disas
ter, when stokers and sailors figure among
the saved, while passengers have no
chance for life,' is also likely to be avoided
by this arrangement., A Bremen contem
porary describes the activity in the har
bor of the crews of the North-German J
Lloyd fleet; a number of the white-painted *
lifeboats of their ocean steamers being in
the river with swarthy coal-heavers and
stokers at the oars. This paper also com
ments very favorably about the Lloyd's
excellent innovation.
A Yacht Built of Aluminum.
We publish herewith an engraving of
the Aluminia, a yacht recently built for
the Prince of Wied by Escher, Wyss &
Co. of Zurich, which gave most satisfac
tory results during its trial trips on Lake
Zurich and on the Gulf of Genoa, its future
home. As the hull, which is divided into
five watertight compartments, and the
frames are made of aluminum, the
vessel is very light, and, of course, the
lighter a vessel is the faster it will
travel. Therein lies the advantage
of using aluminum, especially where the
cost of construction is not of great import-
I ance. The Aluminia will generally travel
j under sail, the naphtha motor in the stem
j of the vessel being intended only as an
I auxiliary to be used in case of a calm. The
! tank, which is also of aluminum,' holds j
; sufficient naphtha to run the vessel-- under j
j nil headway for five hours, or a distance
j of thirty-seven miles, without the help of'
j sails.
In the bow of the vessel there is an ele
| gant and most comfortably arranged little
cabin, finished in Indian mahogany and
I yellow pine. The wooden part of the deck
;i is Indian oak. The little saloon can be
changed in a very few minutes to a sleep
ing-room for four or five persons. For
» protection from storms and high waves,
 the cabin can be closed airtight by means
of rubber strips at the doors, so that it will
be like an air bubble, and it will scarcely
be possible for the vessel to sink. — Scien
tific American.
The Queerest of Human Ailments.
If you will carefully read the statistics
of the late war between the States you
will find that, according to the statements
which have from time to time emanated
from the adjutant-general's office, 199,720
Union troops died of disease during the
, years 1861-65. We give the statistics for
the Union troops only simply because
nothing more than a partial record of Con
federate disease statistics was kept. As we
were saying, upward of 200,000 Northern
men died of disease during their sojourn in
. the South, or more than three times as
many as were killed in battle.the total num
ber of those killed outright amounting to
but 67,048. Of the 199, 720 who succumbed
to various maladies during those terrible
years, 21,187 died of a disease that was not
classified, simply because of its varying
symptoms.
The majority of readers have never
heard of this malady, but that it existed
among the troops on both sides during the
Civil War (and in other wars, for that
matter) will ' not be denied by any ob
server who took the trouble to look a little
beyond the havoc caused by shot and shell
and the long catalogue of well-known and
well-marked diseases incident to warfare.
We refer to the malady known as nos
talgia, which is the medical term for
"homesickness." When' this queer dis
ease seizes its victim with a strong grip
he is almost as sure to die as though his
malady were cholera. Persons who die
from nostalgia apparently die without
cause for so do in _, but they die just as
dead as though their ailment had been
characterized by the eruptions of small
pox or the black vomit of the yellow fever.
Nostalgia is not strictly an American
disease, but has been known in all coun
tries ever since men first became able to
distinguish between physical ailments and
cases of literal pining and fretting one's
life away. Bismarck once said that, for
every 100 deaths in the army seven were
due to nostalgia, or homesickness.— St.
Louis Republic.
' Automatic Letter-Stamper.
Clarence W. Ayers of San Francisco has
invented an automatic letter-stamping
machine. The letters are inserted at the
little table at one end as seen in the illus-
Automatic Letter Stamping Machine. I
* Automatlo Letter Stamping Machine.
t rat ton. In the device for feeding stamps,
a single stamp is separated from a strip of
stamps and projected over * the letter sur
face to which it is to be applied. A moist
ening-roll in connection with the appa
ratus performs the . service which has gen
erally devolved upon the lips or tongue.
THE SAN FRANC CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
After inserting the letter . the button is
pressed, and the work is done instanta
neously. In this manner a large number
of letters may be stamped in a surpris
ingly short space of time.
Trees Struck by Lightning.
It has long been known that lightning
seems to have a special fascination for par
ticular kinds of trees, and strikes such
trees with far greater frequency than
others, the oak j being the tree to which it
shows the greatest partiality. Some in
teresting observations on the probable
cause of this striking fact have been col
lected by Dr. Carl 'Muller from experi
ments and observations made by various
observers, chiefly by Jonescu. In some
observations systematically carried out
since 1874 in Germany by the Linpe Det
mold Forest Board it was shown that from
1879 to 1890 lightning had struck fifty-six
oaks, three or four pines, twenty to twenty
one firs, but in no single instance had a
beech been struck, although about 70 per
cent of the trees in the district were beech,
against 11 per cent of oaks, 13 per cent
pines and 6 per cent firs. In some particu
lars published on the subject in Prome
theus, it is shown that in the neighbor
hood of Moscow out of 597 trees struck by
lightning, 302 were the ' white poplar,
showing that this tree has also a very
great degree of conductivity. The pyra
mid poplar is also another tree to which
the lightning-flash is known to have a
great attraction.
A Tenement House for Birds.
An oriole's nest hanging over the little
bracket upon which is placed my miniature
bust of Audubon is an unfailing source of
interest and delight to me, says J. Carter
Beard in Popular Science News.
And yet this is but a simple structure
compared to those of some of the tropical
orioles, which, in turn, must yield the
palm for excellence to the nests of those
most skillful of all feathered architects,
the weaver birds. K"i^
Some of these birds build double nests,
one apartment of which is occupied by the
male, while the mother and her little ones
are in an inner chamber. The Buffalo
weaver bird builds from three to eight nests
combined into one huge structure from
sto 6 feet in length, and from 4 to 5 in
breadth. This may be considered a sort of
apartment house, occupied by several
THE LOVING-CUP TO BE SENT TO HAWAII.
On February, 9 a team of fifty men of tho Nationals shot a match with the
Hawaiian National Guard. The Honolulu marksmen won by a score of 2009 to
the local team's 1939. ; The losing team will send to the winners this beautiful
silver loving-cup. : , .? -vv-r
families. The noise and bustle about one
of these compound nests must be heard to
be appreciated.
I The real bird tenement house, however,
is contrived by the sociable weaver bird.
Imagine a structure built by birds that
measure but six inches from the ends of
their tails to the tip of their skillful little
beaks, which is as large as a native's hut;
large enough to shelter five or six men;
large enough in fact to break down, as it
sometimes does, the tree in which it is
built.
A single pair of birds often set to work
on a nest of this kind, carrying the grass
to a tree and commencing in a wonderful
manner to weave it compactly into a little
rain-proof roof. The next season the pro
geny of the parent birds come back," select
mates, and the old homestead is enlarged
t. suit their convenience, much as we have
seen some little cabin built about with
wings end additions to accommodate'mar
ried sons and daughters who came home
to live ; with the old folks. The narrow
structure now .widens, _ and beneath the
compactly woven ' shelter ' the nests close
their. ranks and hang shoulder to shoul
der like the cells in the ''comb of a wasp's
nest, and 'accumulate all the more rapidly
that the birds refuse to use a last year's
nest, leaving it to various rather disreput
able tenants; in the way of bats, insects*
and reptiles, while they move into cleaner
apartments. In ,fact the place is in every
respect a ' tenement house, noisy and
thronged with a miscellaneous multitude
of all sorts and conditions of: folks, each
family keeping house on its own account
and often quarreling, not only. with other
households out among its own members.
The roof, however, unlike that of its hu
man prototype, effectually keeps out not
only rain, but thieves and murderers; bird;
and egg eating snakes ■ and monkeys can
not effect an entrance, and the occupants
of the nest are safe. . ,;
The World's Telegraph Wires.
The total length of telegraph lines in
the world is 1,062,700 miles, .of , which
America has 545,600 miles ; Europe, 380,700;
Asia, 67,400; Africa, 21,500, and Australia,
47,500 miles. The United j States has a
greater length than any _ other country,
403,900 miles, and Russia comes next,
although European . Russia has . only
81,000 miles. The other countries
follow in this order: Germany,
France, Austria-Hungary, British India,
Mexico, the United Kingdom, Canada,
Italy, Turkey, the Arg-ntine Republic,
Spain and Chile. In point of proportion,
however, Belgium leads with 400 miles of
wire for every 1000 square miles of terri
tory ; Germany comes next, with 250 miles;
Holland is only slightly behind Germany,
and the United Kingdom has 280 miles of
telegraph for every 1000. miles of country.
Cartridge- Carrier.
Sportsmen will be interested in an in
vention by Lewis R. Ferguson of Harvey,
111. It is a cartridge-carrier, adapted to be
secured to a garment as represented in the
illustration. This flexible pocket (which
is really a part of the garment) is in com
bination with a hollow metallic box or
chute secured to the lower end. A pivoted
cut-off partially closes the discharge open
ing of the box or chute, and there is
Cartridge.Carrier-
a pivoted and independent dropper frame
or attachment operating the cut-off, as
well as a spring for returning the cut-off
and frame to their normal positions.
When the cartridge-carrier is once tilled
the hunter always finds a cartridge handy
at the bottom so long as one remains.
A Woman Train Dispatcher. '
Missßyrd Watkins of Topeka, Kans., is
the only woman train dispatcher on a
single-track railroad in the United States.
She is stationed at Junction City, on the
Kansas division of the Union Pacific Rail
way. Miss Watkins is one of three
"shifts," working eight hours each, and Is
on the second "trick," as the time between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and midnight is
called. She is in full charge of the office
during that time. Her duties as a dis
patcher on a single track differ materially
from those of a double-track disDatcher, as
meeting points must be made for all trains
going in opposite directions.— Electric Re
view. .
Sir John Moore's Retreat.
The tale of Moore's splendid retreat, of
his couraee and calmness in loss and dis
aster, of his superb control of his men in
their disappointment when Corunna was
reached and no fleet was found there, of
his brave fight with Soult on January 16,
of the mortal wound which struck him
down in the hour of victory, and of the
self-forgetfnlness which enabled him Jin
the. agonies of death to make all necessary
arrangements for his men to embark oh
the belated ships— all this is a brilliant
page of English history, perhaps the finest
record in its course of glory won in re-.
treat; of patience, moderation and success
in the very ; hour of bitterest disappoint
ment. It was the spirit and example of
Moore which made possible the victories
of Wellington. — Professor g Sloane's "Life
of Napoleon," in the Century. :
A Simple Stereoscope. .;'-,;'
A very much simplified and cheap stere
oscope has been patented recently by a
Paris photographer, M. Gaumont. * A
couple of well-matched, cheap lenses are
Skeleton Stereoscope.
set in aluminum tubes, which can be slid
I forward and backward in a wire holder to
suit the . y eyes of ' different people. The
holder is so arranged that it will fit differ
ent eyes, and all the conditions of a good
stereoscope are thereby combined in this
little apparatus. Since it is cheap it is
sold in great quantities on the Paris boule
vards. * -"-"-. ■, -
*'.-"' Apparatus for Fruit-Picking.
Walter Aspden -of Riverside, ; in ; this
State, has patented a sack for use in pick-
Sack Used in Picking Citrus Fruits.
ing citrus fruits. As will be seen in the
accompanying illustration, the apparatus
consists of a combination of a sack and a
flexible tube, whose lower end is attached
near the mouth of the sack and whose
upper end is provided with straps for at
taching the upper end of the tube tb the
wrist of the operator, thereby leaving the
hand and the wrist, to which the tube is
thus attached, unimpeded. The fruit being
dropped in the tube is saved from bruising
by falling into a cushion within the upper
part of the sack and immediately below
the bottom opening of the flexible tuoe,
and thence being dropped gently to the
bottom of the sack.
Some New Inventions.
A watch for accurately timing photo
graphic exposures.
Wheel and chain guard for bicycles in
one piece. *i^f.Vi
Bow-facing and self-feathering oar.
| Vehicle combining hearse and funeral
| car. '-2X72 [xx : 7x 772 lf[. ' 77 2:7 7; [ ■■-.* x':7X
Attachment which makes pianos mouse
proof.
Rocking chair with pneumatic tires in
the rocker.
Dustless ash-sifter. '77:'
A metallic railway tie filled with com
pressed paper pulp.
Revolving sand screen for builders.
■ Novel lightning icecream freezer for con
fectioners and families.
Pneumatic churn; produces the butter
by rapidly forcing pure air jets through
the cream. x^727xxy7i%
Window- fastener; an ingenious device
which prevents rattling and keep out wind.
A nursing-bottle support; holds the
bottle in place while baby is nursing.
Headrest to be attached to backs of seats
in railroad coaches. Can be carried in the
pocket. . .xxx7xx'x : x-:^
Pan-lifter; takes pans of meat or bread
from the oven without burning fingers or
using cloths.
Wall desk; a handy, compact writing
desk to be hinged to the wall.
New lathe chuck: takes automatically
round or tapering rods or tool-shanks
without manipulation.
Icecream mold: a porcelain mold with
cover for serving icecream to consumers.
Flue cleaner; enabling one to effectually
clean stovepipes without removing pipe
or making dust or dirt.
Folding stretcher; an invention for am
bulance service and hospitals.
Miners' drill; will bore a hole larger at
the bottom than the top.
Engine draft regulator; an improved
draft method for locomotive engines.
Saves fuel, increases power and prevents
smoke.
docket stamp-holder; a compact, con
venient holder for fifty stamps, without
sticking together.
Money envelopes, for mailing money or
valuable papers; does not disfigure con
tents and cannot be tampered with with
out detection. 7*7i,27>2:7X~727.
A device to prevent keys from being I
turned from the outside of doors. — Phila- 1
delphia Record.
7 : 7', '["■ Various Notes.
In England recently trials have been
made with a lifeboat made of pumice
stone. Not only is the material, of great
lightness and strength, but it is easily
worked into any shape. The boat remains
afloat and will support quite a load even
when full of water. The parts are made
interchangeable, and when a part is in
jured the simple loosening of a bolt en
ables the repairer to remove it and put in
another.
For writing on glass pure aluminum, is
frequently used. The lines can be made
as fine or as heavy as desired, and for this
reason the aluminum pencil may serve
for marking and graduating burettes,
pipettes, etc. " ■ •. ' 2'7<*x/ : 7x.'-7x : \'Xi
An automatic electrical semaphore has
been perfected for trolley road ■ crossings.
It is so arranged that a car approaching
from either direction will cause danger
signals to be displayed at the point of sn
tersection of the two roads while the car
is still some distance from the crossing.
A growing industry in Philadelphia is
the sawdust business. Forty years ago
the lumber-mills were; glad to have saw
dust carted away; twenty-five years ago it
could, be • bought for 50 cents a load ; now
it brings $3 50 a load. It is used in hotels,
saloons, groceries • and other business
houses for the absorption of dirt when
sweeping. Plumbers use it a great deal
about pipes and walls to deaden sound.
Soda water men and packers of glass and
small articles of every kind use it, as well
as in the manufacture of dolls.
Boeck, a Dutch authority, says the Hospi
tal, "draws attention to a new Droperty of
whale oil. Its peculiar power of penetra
tion is well known, but the writer states
that it restrains the vitality and growth of
bacteria in the skin." -
■7 Russia is to have an electrical branch of
her army, under a lieutenant-general, two
major-generals and five officers of lower.
grade, who will also have a military elec
trical school under their.' charge. ,1 Russian
military officers have always been adept in
the use of electricity. "■■"
."A non-poisonous match has been in
vented by a distinguished chemist M.
Pouteaux" — according to 7 the Medical
News. "Permanganate of potash and ace
tate of amyl are among the inoffensive in
gredients. At the Pasteur lucifer-match
manufactory the combination has been
tested .with satisfactory results. The
matches are easily made, without the
slightest danger to the factory-hands. They
ignite readily, there • is no danger of ex
plosion when stored and the disagreeable
odor common to Inciter matches is in these
replaced by that of aniseed." ;
. ''A new arrangement for measuring the
penetrative - power 2of shot has recently
been introduced by Herr Muller. of the
: Rhenish- vVestpbalian ; Explosives Com
pany of Cologne," says the Age of Steel.
"The shot is fired in to a large water-trough
through a thick gelatin plate fixed at one
end, which immediately closes up after
the shot has passed through, thus prevent
ing the escape of water., The bottom of
the trough is divided by transverse ribs,
which retain the shot in the place where
it falls, allowing the water to be run off
and the position of the shots observed." .'•■/.■■•'
X A portable crematory ; for • military pur
poses has been ; invented by a Polish en
gineer, j8 it has the appearance of the army,
baking ; oven, but "■■■ is much higher ' and
heavier, and is drawn by eight horses. /It
is intended for the disposal of | bodies of
soldiers killed in battle, solas to avoid the
danger of epidemics from the burial of
great numbers of /men. , Each German
army corps, it ': is said, will be equipped
with one, r .-•*:':?■''.■"'•'
i'A new fuel made in France is of coal
dust compressed into j bricks and soaked
with chemicals, which make it glow a long
time, -when once alight.
OLD TIMES RECALLED
A Story of the Northern Mines in Early days Told in
letters From Father to Son.
Some time ago Professor Holden of the
Lick Observatory had handed him four
letters that were written by Miles Holmes,
who left his home and family in Wiscon
sin, as many others did in the early fifties,
for the purpose of crossing the plains to
reach the land of gold.
The professor has transmitted them to
Colonel A . S. : Hubbard, secretary of the
California Historical Society, for preser
vation in the archives of that organization.
"These letters," said the secretary,
"while not possessing any literary merit,
are an index of the hardships, trials and
customs of the people of the early days of
this State, and as such are valuable."
The first in chronological order of these
letters written to James M. Holmes, his
son, a resident then of Waterbury, Conn.,
is dated at St. Joseph, Mo., April 12, 1852,
and tells of the explosion on the steamer
S. B. Saluda on the passage from St. Louis,
by which a number were killed and many
wounded. In this he wrote: "I escaped,
and then went to the telegraph office
and telegraphed .to St. Louis to .send
another bill of goods on by the next
boat. I then returned to the wreck and
found the survivors of the cabin pas
sengers in search of 'the old man who was
going to California,' and their heartfelt
joy was fully proved when they took me
by the hand and the tears ran down their
cheeks. I found my company here in
good health. I am not determined, but
think we shall go first to Fort Larimie."
The next letter, dated from Yreka, shows
that his train was the first to reach that
place, and ft was received in true Califor
nian style and with that hospitality and
welcome that was characteristic of the old
settlers. The writer, from the way in
which he wrote of Yreka and Shasta the
day after his arrival, shows that he had
not become familiar with California
nomenclature. The letter is reproduced
as written:
Wykeka, Aug. 4, 1852.
Mr. James M. Holmes— My Dear Son: It la
with unspeakable pleasure that I announce to
you my safe arrival at this city. We got in
here yesterday and were the first train of emi
grants that ever entered tbe place direct from
the States. Wyreka is situated in the extreme
northern mines of California, 18 -miles north
west from Chasta Bute, whose everlasting
snow-capped top we traveled in sight of eleven
days before reaching it. We took a different
! route from what we expected when we left
home. We traveled about one hundred and
fifty miles over rocks, trees and mountains
where wagon wheels never rolled before,
and explored our . route as we went.
Were once surrounded by about 200 of
the most hostile Indians on the whole route
and no possible way of getting out only on the
track we went in on. We discovered them be
fore entering and halted and prepared for
action- and then marched in. They, seeing
our strength and determination, did not ven
ture to attack us as we marched through them.
Finding a lake rignt ahead we were compelled
to back out and return the same way. Two
days after that they robbed a company of all
their provisions and four horses. Tney fled for
their lives and traveled almost constantly
night and day until they overtook us. Luck
ily for them, ye lost an ox that strayed in the
brush and we could not find him (which, by
the way, is the only one we have lost on the
route, and but one horse), and they found him,
and killed him, and eat him, but they were a
huugry set when they overtook us. We hav
ing plenty, fed them to this place.
The citizens of this place, heing notified by
our advance guard of our approach, immedi
ately called a meeting and appointed a com
mittee, sen them out to us to arrange with us for
our accommodations, gave us a public dinner
that was got up in good style, and extended
every kindness to us that could possibly be
prompted by the warmest feeling of friend
ship, and you may be assured that we did
ample justice to their hospitality. ' I have
traveled about 2400 miles by land, and some
thing more than that, I think, and 1100 by
water, being blown up on a steamer once,
when thirty out of fifty were killed; have been
surrounded twice by more than three times
our number of hostile savages: have walked
more than half of the land distance, carrying
most of the time a heavy rifle and a large re
volving pistol and a sheath knife, or laying my
rifle aside and driving a team, sleeping on the
ground, many times in wet clothes, some
times awaking in the night and having four
inches of water under and on me; have stood
my watch nights in all kinds of weather, and
exposed myself alone among the Indians hun
dreds of times, as all the rest of our company
have, and with two exceptions we are all well
and safe here on good mining ground.
One of our company died and one left us,
or rather we hired another man to take him
through and they quarreled and he stopped
at Soda Springs, and that is the last we heard
from him.
While other trains have been robbed by the
Indians and some killed, we have neither given
nor received a shot, although appearances
frequently threatened it, and I firmly believe
that nothing but our firmness and vigilance
preserved us from attack several limes, and
finally I can safely say that I have not suffered
as many hardships as 'I expected, still the
stinking and alklly water and the hardships
of the journey, together with the care and
anxiety of the journey, have made terrible in
roads on this old frame of mine.
|| I do not know my weight, but I do not girt
as much around the waist by five inches as I
did when I left home, and my strength has
failed in proportion to the waste of flesh, but
I am now here safe ai,d in health, and I trust
that the few days' rest that I shall be compelled
to, take in settling and disposing of our
stock and wagons and so forth will re
store my strength, and I shall dive into
the' bowels or the earth after the yellow
dust with 'as much ambition as the
younger ones. Ourmen, most of; them, gathered
some gold last night here terwe camped, say
from 10 to 50 cents each. One gota dollar be
fore breakfast this morning, and Cartwright,
Torrey and Cnarles Hebard are now sinking a
prospecting hole within sight of me. Cart
wright got down to drink at the creek yester
day and when he arose he found a small piece
of gold In his mouth, about half a dime In
value. One of our company is at work within
sight of me and $5 a day and board.
Flour is selling at 25 cents, bacon at 60 cents,
sugar 35 cents, coffee 75 cents, salt 35 cents.
We are half crazy to get to work, as the dust is
so tempting we can hardly get enough to
gether to get up a meal of victuals. ,
1 shall not be able to get your letter from Sac
ramento that I suppose is in waitiug for me
under three or four weeks, but shall try to have
patience. Affectionately, your father, '■
M. Holmes.
The next letter was written from the
creek on which Holmes had located a
claim, and this shows the condition of af
fairs in northern mines eight months after
the previous letter 'was written. It also
shows that he was one of the men in that
section of the country who took steps to
organize the first Odd Fellows' lodge
there: '
Greenhorn Creek, March 12, 1853.
I Intended to send you a draft when I next
wrote, and shall get one and inclose It in this
letter. The express has been so irregular and
the Indians on the route to Shasta so trouble
some that I did not think it best to send a draft
until things were a little more settled. I shall
get a draft on Adams & Co., New York. Their
drafts are hard to negotiate in Milwaukee, so
you will not send the draft to your mother, but
send her a check on one of the banks, or bank
notes. Mining does not agree with my health
or comfort, but I must follow.it up until I work
out my claim.
'I did intend! to fill up my store again this
spring and hire a man to work my claim, but
there are three stores that want to open on the
creek and there is = not business enough for
more than one to do a profitable business, so I
have relinquished the idea; of filling up and
shall chase up the gold ln my claim as fast as
possible. We took out the first month I worked
in it an average of $5 50 a day to the hand,
and spent one-half of the time in ditching, re
pairing tools, and ! so j forth, and skirted on the
out . edge ; only. . This month we have only
taken out $128, but have considerable ready
stripped, ready for Washing, and are still get
ting more ready , to work. 1 think we will un
doubtedly get as much this month as we did
the last. -When the water gets low, so that we
can get on to our main lead; you may look for
a different story.
Provisions are getting more plentiful and the
prices are coming down slowly. I bought a
sack of flour last week at 50 cents a pound, but
it is now 55 to 60 cents ; dried fruit, 75 cents ;
coffee, 75 cents • tea, $3 ; beef. 25 and 30 cents;
pork, 85 cents; sugar and salt, 50 cents.
i Our winter since the Ist of February has been
mild and pleasant most; of tho time. There is
plenty of snow on the mountains within two
or three miles of here, but there are thousands
of -flowers in full bloom, the leaves on the
shrubbery are putting out and the grass is up
to tolerable good feed. ■* . . /
x* I believe that one of the routes from here to
Shasta is rendered almost , impassable by the
Indians. They V took one train' of - fourteen
mules, killed one man and wounded one. The ,
last train that came up here had an escort oi
United States dragoons.
We have formed an Odd Fellows' Association
here aDd have petitioned for a charter to
establish a lodge. I was appointed by the
president of the association to deliver the firs!
address before the society, and believe I did it
to the general satisfaction of, perhaps, all but
myseli. At all events I received a unanimoui
vote of thanks from the society for my per
formance, whether it was good or bad, but it
was pronounced good.
Since writing the above I have been in town
and found beef had risen 5 cents a pound, and
not raucn likelihood of its being any cheaper
before July or August— no cattla in the conn*
try. ' " - '.''• X277\i-X7
The fourth letter, dated August 30, 1853,
contains the announcement from San
Francisco that he was on his way home,
and will go by the Panama route. This
letter inclosed a note showing how careful
some Californians were when they sent
money away. It is in the nature of a cer
tificate, which reads as follows :
I hereby certify that I see Miles Holmes in
close a draft from Rhodes <_ Lusk in a letter
directed to John Nutter, said draft for the
amount of $300, and that I deposited said let
ter in Rhodes & Lusk's express office in Yreka;
also that I see said Holmes Inclose another
draft for $200 in another letter directed to
John Nutter, both drafts being payable in New
York. The last-mentioned letter I deposited iv
Carson, Rogers & Co.'s express office at Yreka.
Both letters were directed to John Nutter, Pal
myra, Jefferson County, Wis.
Charles Hebabd.
Greenhorn Creek, Cal., August 21, 1853.
n. SALADIN'S TIME.
The -.earned and the Wise Gathered
From All Parts.
The ranks of the learned and the wise
were recruited from all parts of the Mo
hammeden empire. It was a professor
from Nishapur whose lectures at the Da
mascus colleges so delighted Saladin that
he commissioned the fortunate pundit to
indite a textbook of religious instruction,
which the Sultan imparted to his chil
dren. "I saw him myself," says Baha-ed
din, Saladin's secretary and biographer,
with the book in his hand, and his
boys repeating it to him from mem
ory." Another learned man whose ad
vice, it is said, Saladin never re
jected, was El-Hakkary, the Arab jurist,
who treated his master with an uncere
monious familiarity which * none other
dared to use. His . quaint figure, with the
jurist's turban surmounting a soldier's
uniform, was seldom absent from tho
Sultan's councils. Learned - men were
attracted to Egypt and Syria from distant
lands. Ibn Firro of Xaiiva, for example,
who wrote a mighty poem of 1173 verses
upon the various readings of the Koran,
simply "for the greater glory of God,"
journeyed from Spain to Cairo in 1176
burdened, as he modestly confessed, with
a memory stocked with enough sciences
to break down a camel. Nevertheless in
lecturing to crowds of pupils he never said
an unnecessary word ; no wonder the
Kady El-Fadil set such store by him that
he lodged him in his house and buried
him in his own mausoleum.
Another celebrated doctor, with whom
Saladin became especially intimate at Da
mascus, and from whom he must have
learned much, came from Ispahan. This
was the Secretary of State, Imad-ed-in.
commonly called Aluh ("Eagle") — poet,
a master of style, a doctor learned in the
law and deep in the mysteries of astrology,
and a formidable gladiator in theological
problemica. From being merely a pro
fessor at the college at Damascus, to which
he gave his name, "The Imadiya," he be
came president of the Council of State.
His admirable skill in conducting diplo
matic correspondence in Persian and
Arabic, in the turgid and inflated style ad
mired by Orientals, added to his learning
and sagacity, made him invaluable to the
Sultan. Imad-ed-din became Saladin's
constant companion and most indefatiga
ble Minister, and retained his entire con
fidence until his death. Nor must Ibn-
Abi-Usrum be passed over, "one of the
leaders of his age by his talents and legal
learning." 27-7' - '■■'■7,
He accompanied Nur-ed-din to Damascus
in 1154, where he opened a class in the west
corner of the great mosque, and became
administrator of the "Wakfs" or religious
endowments. But he was not long suffered
to stay in one place. So famous was his
erudition that Nur-ed-din built colleges at
Aleppo, Emesa, Hamah, Baalbek., and
elsewhere, f&r him to lecture in: and he
even sat in court at Sinjar and Harran in
Mesopotamia. Later on Saladin took the
greatest interest in the man of learning,
and when blindness afflicted him in old age
the Sultan would not let him be deprived
of his judgeship. Quarterly Review.
■ .'■■.,- i __?__LJ_?!-____^_-_._. -•'-'
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES!
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS,
Water Goblets, Garden Trowels. Porcelain
Cream Pitchers, Porcelain Custard
Cups, Porcelain Oatmeal Bowls, Pickle
Dishes, Oval Sauce Dish, Decorated
Plates, Bread Pans, Yellow Bowls, 5c
each or 6 for 25c.
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Butter Dish, Sugar Bowls, Meat Dishes,
Berry Dishes. Bake Pans, Decorated
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dishes, Fry
Pans, Fancy Spoon Trays, Rose Bowls,
' 10c each, or 3 for 25c.
ISO MONEY SAVERS.
Decorated Salad ' Dish, Decorated Oystei
Bowls, Yellow Mixing Bowls, Decor-
ated China Mugs, Oil Bottles, Bread
Knives, Celery Trays, Nickel Trays
(13-inch), Fancy Casseroles, 15c each,
or 2 for 25c. Two Bouquet Holders, 15c
DINNER SETS.
Money-Saving Prices, mr ._
BO pcs White Crockery .. ... ...... ; $3 69
50 pcs Semi- Porcelain, white.......... 4 25
130 pcs Azalea Light Brown Decora-
tions.. 485
; 60 pcs Harvest Pencil Decorations .... 5 00
60 pcs Gold Spray Decorations . ....... 5 85
60 pcs Gold Illuminated Decoration... 650
Above sets are all newest shapes and
decorations, complete for six persons.
Great American Importißa: Tea Go. 's
1344 Market St., S. P.
__- x- — -_. • : 965 Market St., S. P.
K^l/_TUpy«_>- no Sixth st., S. P.
f_9______a£? 617 Kearny St., 5. P.
fffCr*^^ 1419 Polk St., S. P.
521 Montgomery aye., 8. _».
! ■■**-_■■*-•_** 333 Hayes St., 5. P.
mflraEr" 146 Ninth 8t -* s - F
IllUllkl 218 Third St.. S.F.
« ■■iriiirk 2008 Fillmore St., S. P.
.SAVIfJtI 2SIU Mission St., S. F.
UMliiiu 3006 Sixteenth st„ 5. P. ,
A . AnrA 104 Second it.. S. P. •-*'
STflilES _ 3 259 Mission St., S. P.
« I UllkW ■ 52 Market St., S. P.
----- _ m _ 917 Broadway, Oakland.
P_S?l«B*«OT^ 1053 Washington St., Oak'd
■_fl_l_^diS7 131 San Pablo aye.. Oakl'd.
«r**»*" 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland
1355 Park st, Alameda.
...PORTING FOR I A ND OPERATING
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONEY. v
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAiT.
HO SPECIAL DAY.
2930
4 N unusually pretty wedding was
solemnized pretty wedding was
solemnized last week. The bride
&=_\ and her sister, the maid of honor,
Jt. )V were both charmingly and be
comingly arrayed. Many are the
regrets expressed that San Francisco will
lose so attractive a member of society.
The girls were more lovely than ever in
"living pictures." Indeed, it would hard !
to say who was the greatest belle, most of
'them being pretty as a picture. And how
amiable our belles are when requested to
assist, in any charitable undertaking, but
this one is unusually interesting and ex
cellent so I vrisn it every success.
The large tea given last Saturday on
JacKson street was one of the most suc
cessful and delightful of the season. Many
of the most attractive girls in the City
were present and several of them assisted
the debutante in receiving. She was fasci
natingly lovely in ber gown of pale-yellow
satin, the skirt plain and perfectly hung.
The bodice of the satin was veiled
with creamy mousseline de soie, embroid
ered in dots. It was given a true
Frenchy touch by means of narrow black
lace insertions, which were effectively in
troduced. One of the young- girls who
assisted in receiving was, as usual, much j
admired; her dress of fine grass linen,
with insertions over silk, was a model by i
which many summer frocks might well be i
made. There is no fear of such becoming j
common, but you will not realize hew ex- !
pensive such a dress is until you ask j
"Madame" what she charges for a similar I
costume. Several of the organdies worn i
were commented on with admiration, and j
perhaps never before have San Francisco j
women taken quite so much interest in j
light gauzy fabrics, for great numbers of j
them have been made up during the last i
■ix weeks for the southern floral fetes, I
some of which were really beautiful and
most fetching. •/".'/
Numerous have been the luncheons of i
the week. The large one given at the
University Club was a pretty affair, but
those given at two of our spacious homes
deserve weightier adjectives.
Speaking of organdies reminds me of a
simple dinner dress worn a few evenings
ago by ■ a oainty little matron. She
looked radiantly pretty, and when lad- "'
mired her very successful frock she ex- I
plained its evolution. She had a soiled
pink silk which looked quite hopeless, so ■
she carefully removed all the trimming
and sent it to the cleaners, and on its re- j
turn found that it would make a good j
foundation or lining. A few days later ;
she saw an organdy which had a creamy I
ground sprayed with wild roses and green i
leaves. It was rather expensive, being \
exceptionally sheer and fine. This, richly
incrusted with lace and Insertion, now j
aids in the composition of a' toilette
which cannot fail to be admired whenever ;
worn. Long chine ribbons, covered with
pink and green flowers, complete it. To i
think that in California such gowns can be
worn so constantly, and then to read that j
at the battle of flowers just over in Nice, 1
Italy, the Empress of Austria wore a cane !
and gown composed entirely of Persian
lamb and a smart little toque to match, i
To our country cousins and those not well i
posted concerning the modes of the season !
the change is not noticeable, for one must j
needs examine closely to detect the slight |
modifications in detail and minutiae. !
Basques and open jacket, bodices are the
principal styles for outdoor wear, and they
are made with the new . sleeve, which is I
really a tight one with some drapery at
the shoulder.
Suggestions of Eton and Figaro jackets
are produced in summer frocks by means j
of laces and insertions, ribbons and gauzes
replacing the jaunty winter affairs of vel- I
vets, satins and silks, but for those whose
figures can stand fichus thcv are the lat- !
est, most chic and delightfully pretty, be
ing trimmed with lace, chiffon or muslin !
frills, which are repeated in the skirt, and '•
it should be remembered that "drawing I
and puffing of sleeves wherever the ma-!
terial admits is de rigueur, and where that j
cannot be done folds are resorted to,
turning from wrist to shoulder." •'—-*■*■ "x .'
For morning wear there is nothing more j
practical than navy serge, especially if a
good heavy make is selected, for it will
stand all sorts of weathers, and can- be
counted upon to last the season. In Paris
there is an absolute craze for this serge,
and the leading Paris tailor, Mauby, has j
just completed a costume composed of a
well-cut skirt and a jaunty little jacket, I
with revers, collar and turned- back cuffs |
of cream cloth, and sufficent inner lining j
of the same cloth .to be seen when the j
jacket is * open. No one could desire a I
smarter morning gown, but for those who j
are weary of serge this same tailor has
created a new checked cloth J in
dark red and green. The shape lis
quite new, as is also the cloth, for it is
checked in dark red and green. Black
braiding appears upon the revers, the cuff
and upon the front seams of the skirt; it
is introduced with excellent effect. As
usual, all the best dressed women are ap
pearing in tailor-made gowns, and for the
moment most of the waistcoats seen are
of lace and chiffon, silk and cambric. These
are most becoming but extravagant frivol
ities. The substantial Tattersall ones rank
next in favor. '"''.'.'.
In London the neckties worn with the
suits are of India or of black corded silks,
but' the -preen plaid tie is the latest. A
fashionable woman appeared one morning
in the park attired in a bicycling costume
"i dark blue . serge, . completed by a light
blue shirt, over which were fine hair lines
of black. Her collar -was a turn-down one,
and her tie composed. of a green plaid.
She wore a black Panama hat with a black
ribbon round it.
Among the materials daily being un
cased are numerous new weaves of mohair,
chine gauzes, lawns of an ecru shade
mingled with heliotrope and paillette of
lace of all kinds. A light gray Sicilian
alpaca is in great demand, merchants
finding it impossible almost to supply the
demand, and in most cases it is made up
with white. . Empire chines and; 1 the
ombre-striped flowered chines are much
sought for, as are also the empire bro
cades. Silks with the seventeenth century
pompadour stripes are beautiful. ' Cream';
silk blouse, waists are. frequently bright
ened with a bandana handkerchief.
It is very swell to wear grass lawn over a
shot : silk, but be I. sure, girls, to i avoid | the
cheap silk so temptingly displayed on every
side." It is much like brown paper and will
split and tear almost as readily. East much
of this silk was displayed last summer, but
■its reception .was chilling; in the extreme.
So now we are offered shot silks in firm,
excellent fabrics, sometimes shot in two
colors,/ sometimes in three,' and it can be
bad in four if desired.*|*^g|g||*gggH
Mousseline de soie is more attractive
THE LATEST FASHION GOSSIP
FOR WOMEN & MEN
than ever when , embroidered in elaborate
designs in gold and jeweled effects. One is
of butterflies worked in rich red silk out
lined with gold threads and covered with
jewels on a groundwork of white mousse
line. This costs only $7 50 per yard in
New York. Many of the Mack and white
silk dresses enjoying such vogue have ex
quisite appliques of white lace. Simple
and * plain materials will be extensively
used, but simplicity will not be the order
of the day, for such fabrics are to be richly
trimmed and ornamented. The latest
capes have small flounces round them,
and on light gauzy grounds they will also
appear. ": v.)/^
Cravats of batiste, lace, chiffon and
tulle will be worn with all costumes.
Model evening dresses at Redfern's have
quite tight sleeves, made plain almost to
the shoulder, where they were either
puffed out themselves or that effect was
produced with softly falling trimming.
So by gradual stages even the American
woman will be led back to small sleeves.
One of our large stores here is showing
Dresden chiffons. Tbey are marvelously
becoming and not so dreadfully expensive
after all, for two or three yards will give a
chic touch to an otherwise uninteresting ',
bodice. ' : ;:;
The higher grade mohairs and alpacas
| are on sale in all the leading shops and
many inexpensive lightweight cloths
| which make up most satisfactorily for
; visiting-dresses. With these costumes I
; strongly recommend the newest sailor hat
i with just the ribbon band or a Panaria
chapeau. Hats laden with flowers, etc.,
j are not suitable for all occasions, and the
woman who desires to be trim, trig and
| stylish will give more than one glance at
her faithful mirror before deciding on even
tue simplest details of her toilette. If some
women would only bear in mind that time
brings changes of form, coloring and com
plexion the results would be better. [X-
This morning 1 have just read the de
scription of a picture hat which many will
appreciate. It is in bebe chip, with a fold
of mignonette green velvet under the
brim and a bandeau of roses. A plume
of black tips, another band of velvet round
tbe crown, finished off with strings, make
a very 3tylish hat, which will emphasize
the charms of a youthful face, and I have
had an even prettier one illustrated for
you — it is properly called a "Versailles
hat." It is made of black chip, with ex
ceptionally tine feathers on one side and a
bow of broad satin ribbon on tbe opposite
side, three tips fall over the brim. Wide
strings of beautiful ribbon complete a
chapeau which must be seen to be appre
ciated. *;!>'-/
The handsome house dress is of a rich
light gray silk. The skirt is simple and i
well cut; the bodice very elaborate. The
sleeves wrinkle to the wrist, and over the
hand falls a frill of fine lace. The vest is j
of pale pink chiffon over a pale green silk
foundation. There are braces of pink vel- i
vet studded with small, but excellent, j
paste buttons, and veiled by a cascade of I
filmy lace. A belt of unusually tine passe
menterie completes it. This gown is lined \
with rose silk and completed with green
and rose pinked ruffles.
A dear little blonde debutante here will
look sweetly pretty when she appears in a
dar_-blue serge, lined with green shot silk.
It has a biscuit-colored embroidered waist
coat, trimmed with a beautiful galoon.
Another stylish girl has a costume of a '..
rich golden brown cloth, the bodice of '
which has tiny golden buttons used as a ;
trimming. This bodice is cut so as to show i
a pouched waistcoat, outlined with Ori- j
ental trimming, showing at the top a small j
yoke of cream-colored lace.
I am delighted with a gown of I blue can
vas, with the seams of the skirt showing
an under petticoat of accordion-pleated
blue and green shot silk. Braces of blue
canvas, edged with narrow kiltings of the
silk, appear over the shoulders of the
i bodice, which is comprised completely of
j the kilted silk, and has a deep corselet
! belt round the waist. With this will be
j worn an odd little mantle of a drab gauze
| over the green-shot ,silk. * This mantel is
| covered with a conventional design out
! lined with iridescent beads. Handsome
| ribbons complete it.
The new canvas is an attractive fabric,
so I am sure most of you will be interested
in hearing of a dress of Holland-colored
canvas, which had a bodice of the canvas
with a snowy mousseline de soie vest.
The bodice was edged with narrow white
silk-kilted frills, which were repeated on
the skirt in three rows round, the bottom.
I One of the same fabrics is prettily made
iup with a waistcoat of grass lawn
I embroidered with silks in numerous col
j ors. The little jacket has broad revers,
i also embroidered.
A coarse purple canvas of an exceed
j ingly stiff texture cannot be more effec
i tively made up than with a vest of grass
! lawn embroidered in green, gold and vio
| let silks, and a distinctly original air may
j be given by having the hem on the skirt
scalloped and surrounding the scallops
with a kilting of narrow violet satin rib
bon. ',
An Easter bride has in her trousseau an
evening frock of pink chine silk with a
tiny gray stripe. The bodice is high, with
a pointed yoke of lisse, embroidered in
pink roses and finished at neck and cuffs
with a twist of ribbons. The ruffles at the
wrists are of creamy.lace. *
This fortunate woman can wear yellow
with delightful results, so, naturally, she
has a dinner gown of golden ; hue. The
foundation is of this rich color, in glace
silk, over which is a skirt of accordion
pleated - mousseline de soie, alternating
with stripes of jet and cold-sequined em
broidery. The sleeves. are ala butterfly.
A frill of black mousseline over one of yel
low completes this conception at the neck
and shoulders.
A good and useful dress is the property
of a youthful matron. It is of a black and
white striped silk, the stripes graduating
into V's in front. The bodice has ' revers
of black lisse, which has a white lace ap
plique upon it, while down the front and
around the neck is a deep rose-tinted* rib
bon, outlined with the white lace ap
plique. , [yy'7 '■--..''/'•;■■/'
; At one of the receptions last week I ob
served ; a costume of chine .silk with
mauve / predominating . in it** coloring
and bretelles and collar of mauve miroir
velvet, outlined with lace. ; The brunette
who wore it had fortunately selected just
tbe right mauve, which suited ; her ; rich
coloring, so the result - was : noticeably
good.
: A very dressy tailor gown; made in Lon
don, has a decidedly Frenchy air about it.
■ The material used is an exceptionally fine
"'nut . brown" cloth. The basque is very
narrow at the back, continued to the front,
where it falls in deep points, matching the
revers at the neck. -On the shoulders are
: triple 'capes,' , which are ; lined ' with white
satin; a pleated band of white satin
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
crossed the brown and white brocaded
vest; this is secured with buttons. A
cravat of fine lace gives an appropriate
touch of daintiness. /|^v» /':
Sucn capes are occasionably movable,
and such is the case in a good brown and
blue checked cloak made with a blue silk
front, so that it could be worn in or out of
doors equally well. A full cape of deep
blue velvet is lined with white satin and
edged with a galon in tones of green, blue
and brown, and inisde the "upstanding
battlements" at the throat were many
bouillonnes of white lisse with ends tying
in front. , . . ..•;'■■;■'-;-. X*\x '/•-Z./'i*^/;_,,.v/
So popular are the new capes and man
tles, that no fashion paper would be com
plete without relating the charms of some
of the latest novelties. Among them I
admire a small model that barely reaches
the waist. In design and embroidery it is
a real Louis XVI cape, exquisitely pretty
and chic. It is composed of a pale shot silk,
covered with arabesques of that period.
The front is vest-like in effect, being made
oflousine. Two lovely odd old buttons
hold in place a becoming ruche of
white mousseline de scie at the throat.
The lining is of a rich white satin, the
balayeuses are of the mousseline. This is
quite the loveliest cape, in my opinion,
that has been created this season. For a
matron 1 recommend a black satin one.
draped like a shawl at the back over a
pointed empisement of pompadour silk
with a black ground. The front extends
in long ends almost to the hem of the
skirt, and is adorned with a pleating of
black chiffon, edged with a small black
satin ribbon. At the throat the ruching
is wide, the chiffon being intervened with
loops of pompadour ribbon. A cape from
London has a fronting black net with ap
plique of copper-colored velvet traced with
jet. At the waist there is a belt of the
same. The sleeves are of copper and green
shot silk, the rest outlined with a frill of
black lace and jet, falling in flounces Irom
long straps of velvet, which ornament the
front. This is only a suitable garment for
a very slender woman, being too fussy and
frilly for her stouter sister.
Of course the style of the time of Marie
Antoinette is the newest in capes, and
very charming it is. The long square ends
reach to the feet, and are beautified with
niching and trimming of tulle, net or
chiffon. . ?:•■ 7->' ■
The ruffles now being worn by fashion
able women round their throats are, gen
erally speaking, very ' unbecoming, and
should not be given a moment's considera
tion, if not of good material, and if they do
not suit the style of the woman contem
plating them. I have seen one huge, hide
ous, horrid affair made of cheap net
which surrounded : the throat of a
red-faced, short-necked woman. The re
sult can be ' imagined. It is safe to say
that fashion's leaders will soon drop this
fancy, as already the reproductions of
beautiful models are maddeningly gro
tesque. ■ ' ' X"X -'X --''[y
A brunette with Deautiful coloring has a
blouse bodice which suits her admirably,
being of cherry silk with an applique of
cream white lace, outlined with jet beads.
This takes the form of a "pointed corselet
and a sort of zouave cut into tabs," edged
with an infinitesimal kilting of black chif
fon. The sleeves are veiled with the same
chiffon. */
A corsage from Felix is cut in Figaro
style "with postilion basque, Directoire
revers and Media's collar of white satin,
completed with a flounce of silk gauze."
Very picturesque is a bodice of blue can
vas, witn yoke and braces in one,: of red
cloth, traced with gold and silver. This
is labeled by Kedfern "Circassian," and
Circassian also is a deep corselet of white
cloth braided in gold, which with a
pouched top of white and yellow striped
silk form a most , delightful waistcoat.'
This excellent tailor has just completed • a
costume of Siberia brown cloth, with a
magenta waistcoat braided in black, show
ing a white silk shirt front and a little lace
cravat.
.'- There has: just been given . a very suc
cessful "Model Poll Show" in New York
for charity. .It ; was held at Sherry's, and
must have been a most interesting and
beautiful sight, each dressmaker of prom
inence being allowed to send one or more
dolls arrayed in a model costume. [ Large
crowds of fashionable women and children
attended this exhibition, and among many
models one of the \ most admired was a
gown which had a white pique skirt, with
a band of heavy Irish j point * about one
third way up the skirt. The blouse bodice
was composed of.lisse, with insertions of
lace. * With this goes a short double cape
of pique, with bands of Irish ; point." The
hat was . made of shirred green satin and
white Jace. Grass lawn will find pique a
formidable rival ere the season is over.
| I must really quote for you a description
j of a beautiful mauve satin : .""The skirt is
formed in rather wide accordion pleats all
| round, two panels of broad Alencon inser-
I tion jeweled with tiny paste buttons being
I carried down, both sides of the front. y The
bodice is also pleated and has a gracefully
draped ':■ garniture "■ of .. the * same yellowish'
lace powdered in the new way with small
brilliants. A bunch of the roses and helio
trope catch the lace butterfly low on one
side. Puffed sleeves turned up very high
complete a lovely gown." '■. ,',.* 2'7"y':
In Paris it : is now £ the style to wear low
necked dinner gowns,' the French^ at
least, having : adopted the -English idea.
One of the most elaborate* of recent din
ners was given by the Vicomtesse Vilain.
Tne table was r decorated with true artistic
grace, the centerpiece- being composed' of
Parma J violets ( and j cowslips, which were
also scattered over the entire table.^This
' affair was especially noted in Paris owing '
to '. the fact . that an unusual number of
beautiful toilettes were worn. The hostess
appeared sin old-rose 'satin made with a
tablier outlined with two quilles of Parma
violets and .';': cowslips./ The ' ; bodice
was low and square, veiled 'with * white
chiffon embroidered with golden' but
terflies and violets.' Violet , bretelles
crossed the shoulders." The bouffant
sleeves were composed of a deep flounce of
embroidered chiffon. A white aigrette and
a tuft of.violets* were worn with good effect
in the Vicomtesse's hair. On the same oc
casion was worn a handsome confection of
moire glace, rush green in color. ' It was
covered with green gauze richly spangled
with jet.' The Louis XVI bodice was veiled
with the same gauze, which formed a
cuirass, completed in the ' back ) and front
with a roll of green velvet. A. the corner of
the leit shoulder a large bunch of black
and green poppies reposed. In the hair of
the fair wearer was ian aigrette 'of black
and green, held with a diamond clasp.
On the occasion of ! Mile. Appert's mar
riage to the Count de Bourion-Liguieres,
the bride was gowned in creamy satin, her
long veil being of. pointed Angleterre.
Such veils are very' unbecoming when
worn over the face, so this bride had the
good sense to have it so arranged that it
did not cover hers. ' Her : mother | was | at
tired in an elegant princess costume of
black velvet, the bodice composed of
rare Alencon lace,, which also descended
in two bands down the front of the skirt.
She wore a dainty bonnet of shaded lilacs.
" The Count's mother was handsomely
garbed in Parma violet velvet of a very
dark shade, beautified with Brussels lace.
The bonnet worn was a work of art of vio
let tulle and exquisite dark velvet: roses.
Another Countess was in a princess dress
of black velvet, but hers had a sky-blue
satin front, covered with white lace. One
of the bridesmaids is said to have been
quite charming in a Watteau frock of a
bluish-white taffetas glace, covered with
little bluet dots. The bodice was draped
with white tulle spotted with • black. Her
hat of gathered tulle spangled with steel
and jet was large. »
At another wedding one of the guests
appeared in an elegant dress of sky-blue
moire, run with silver threads. The Louis
XV jacket had a jabot of Alencon lace.
The toque worn was of blue tulle with sil
ver and roses. A gown much commented
on was of pale green satin, the very pointed
bodice being covered with unusually beau
tiful silver embroidery.
On the 15th of this month one of the
most beautiful weddings of the season was
celebrated at Trinity Church, in New
York, when Miss Bramen was married to
Charles Johnson. The decorations were
A GRACEFUL TOILET.
not only elaborate, 'but ; beautiful as well.
Two tiny, maids! of honor scattered rose
leaves for the bridal party to walk on.
The ushers are reported to have been un
usually good-looking. The . bridal robe
was a work of art.
At the Auteuil steeplechase I see that
one of our American Countesses was pres
ent.' I allude to the Countess de Castel
lane, who wore a skirt of lilac gros-grain
with a black velvet jacket and a black and
pink toque, but one of the prettiest
dresses was worn by a- very youthful
Duchesse. It consisted of a skirt of fine
violet cloth and a dark jacket embroid
ered with rich passementerie. A capot of
violet velvet, having a large black aigrette,
crowned her fair hair. ■
The Paint and Powder Club in Balti
more at their last entertainment intro
duced an umbrella dance, which was exe
cuted with much skill by two young men
attired as Quakeresses. They twirled the
umbrellas as they moved.
Brides are so numerous nowadays they
want a word of advice ; be sure if possible
to acknowledge your wedding presents be
fore the wedding. Do. not send a card
with your thanks written on it, as I heard
of one maiden doing, for you are expected
to write as pretty a note of thanks as you
can, but when gifts come too j late to do
this acknowledge them on your return
home
I 'am habpy. to see that Sheraton and
Chippendale furniture -is still in high
favor; as no one gifted ; artistically can fail
to appreciate such refined and delicate
lines. Some abominable cheap imitations
have been placed on the market, but of
course are passed by with a shudder by
those who are au fait.
The greatest palm fancier in London
has discovered that the leaves of palms
should be washed with milk and water,
as the milk prevents the appearance of
brown spots, and a little cold coffee poured
occasionally over the mold of potted
plants produces excellent results,
j At the Opera in Paris if you look down
upon the house numberless beautifully
dressed heads are to be seen, most of
which are adorned with some pretty orna
ment, a tiny bunch of flowers, an aigrette,
or a chain of precious stones is wound
about some coiffures.
I wonder how many of you have seen
the very beautiful screen embroidered in
this City by a woman who should have
painted with a brush instead of her needle?
The screen consists of " three panels of
homespun linen, on which are most per
fectly reproduced great white and red
cactus flowers. The shading is wonderful,
and I. who have seen great rooms full of
fine needlework, have never seen a more
artistic and beautiful reproduction, of a
very difficult flower. The screen is
mounted handsomely in a frame, .on
which are carved representatives of the
cactus plant and blossoms.; Such a piece
of work would ma_e a lovely bridal gift.
Several hostesses who gave '* Easter
lunches used eggs of chocolate or nougat
filled with bonbons, as souvenirs. Each
guest's name was inscribed with icing./
Perfumes will be more used than usual
this season, but should be of the most re
fined and delicate character. Of all I pre
fer the scent of fresh violets, of mignonette
or wall flowers, but when these cannot be
had orris root is the most refined. Re
member that there is no better index to
refinement than the perfume one uses.
Mabcella..
POR MEN.
The latest English frockcoats * show but
little of the shirt or tie, and this :is -really
fortunate ii the very vivid ties are to be in
'vogue. Smart ' men are ordering large
; numbers of four-in-hands, silk Ascots and
white pique ties from their tiemakers, as
no longer are the ready-made ones con
sidered good ■-. form. *" The white .spring
scarfs which are ~ being : shown are never
tied : in bows, except for evening wear.
White marseilles and white pique will he
.tied in bows. No one ever sees an evening
tie a la butterfly nowadays, but the club
tie is arranged in a kind of double butter
fly. with straight square ends.*; .
: Patent leather shoes may: be correctly
worn while in mourning. They are never
made with extension soles by any first
class bootmaker.
-'.-■ Light trousers worn with a dark gray
sackcoat produce rather a neglige effect.
....Ushers at a wedding should wear gloves
of either pearl or white kid which match
exactly those worn by the groom, but it
is not necessary that his should be the
same as those worn by the bride.
All the very latest tweeds from Scotland
are mixtures of green and fawn color, and
green is in evidence in all tweeds. . V
Men who "do hot leave the City during
the summer -- should wear ' lounge " suits
until dinnertime. Tan shoes, a straw hat
and a colored shirt with .'white ' collar
usually accompany such suits. ';.;■. Tan shoes
h£7e so long been in fashion that it is pre- j
dieted they will shortly be . banished.
However, ; the question arises, What will
take their place? Perhaps the bootmakers
have a surprise in store for us. ' ,
Not a few of our beaux will spend much
of the summer arrayed in knickers and golf
toggery. ; . ~
Men in mourning when in evening dress
wear ties of black silk, not black satin
ones.';./ ■"'*:'• ■> "■-'" ■•*:' .-■>■: -•- : 7 : '"
When driving ; four-in-hand a man is
always supposed to wear afternoon dress
light trousers, black frockcoat and top
bat it is perfectly allowable to wear in
stead a gray driving coat with large but
tons and a top hat.
. For tennis, trousers of white duck or
flannel are worn with a sackcoat. Madras
or silk shirts are in good style. The daz
zlingly bright blazer has vanished, let us
trust, forever, as I can distinctly remem
ber, when it first was in vogue, the appall
ing figure presented by a youthful New
Yorker when arrayed in one having
stripes of orange and black. i
Men who have grooms should see to it
that they do not wear jewelry, it is such
bad form, and when servants are put into
liveries it is certainly worth while to have
them correct, otherwise those whom you
most desire to impress favorably will be
highly amused instead.
The New Yorker continues, to regard a
display of watch chain and seals as vulvar,
so I admonish you to keep them out of
sight. ' ,"~ ** ' -\,v'"
"Him" announces that he has read in
an English fashion journal "that apple
ereen silk waistcoats with white spots and
vivid green tweeds have been exhibited."
Fortunately for us many things are ex
hibited which are never even given a
passing thought by the men who set the
fashions, and such will in all likelihood be
the fate of those waistcoats; however,
there certainly is a decided tendency to
brighten up our somber garments.
Toilet articles in tortoise-shell or ebon
ized wood with a gold monogram or crests
are in great vogue. Daintily pretty things,
being really suitable for women only. This
reminds me of how : horribly unsuitable a
turquoise ring looked on a man's finger
whom I met a few days ago.
When preparing for summer, it would
be well to glance over the following list
given by Vogue :
X7'7*7l ORDINARY OCCASIONS.
Morning— For casino, beach or walking. A
lounge suit, cut short and almost square be
hind, all one material, cheviot, tweed or
Scotch mixtures. Morning suit — A.modi
fied lounge, all one material, black cheviot,
gray ground or patterned.
Afternoon— For garden parties, driving, in
formal receptions.— Frock coat; material, vi
cuna; color, brown, gray or black. Fancy
waistcoats, striped, of milled flannel. Trousers,
brown, gray or striped. Top hat. A less formal
suit. Morning suit, as above, with new cut
away coat; material, cheviots, vicunas; color,
dark brown or gray. Straw hat.
Informal.— Jacket coat. Suit all
one material, smooth vicuna; color, black.
Black tie. Straw or derby hat. Formal.— White
waistcoat, single or double breasted. Trousers
and coat all one material. Smooth vicuna,
black. White tie. High or crash hat. Inver
ness cape coat.
SPECIAL OCCASIONS.
Traveling: By sea— Lounge suit, tan shoes
and Hombourg hat or cap; Madras shirt. By
rail— dress, colored shirt. - Short jour
neys — Sack lounge suit, covert coat, bag,
•walking-stick, umbrella.
Yachting— Blue flannel for morniug, and
same dress as on shore fordinner and evening.
Golfing: - For field — Material, tweed; no
waistcoat; jacket and knickers and can all one
material; leggins. For clubhouse— The club
uniform is formal dress on all occasions in the
afternoon or evening. /. • ; ;.v
Ten_is— duck trousers, white Madras
shirt; white flannel coat, plain or finely striped,'
Bathing— Ocean, two-piece suits, all one
plain dark color with very short sleeves and
trousers just to the knees; house, bath-robes.
Cycling— as golf, but no spats or leg
gins. '..*•■■-■
Riding— For afternoons, short black vicuna
cutaway coat, long trousers strapped under the
shoes, top hat, gloves; for morning, whipcord
breeches, coat of same, fancy waistcoat, brown
derby hat, boots or leggins, dark gloves.
Driving— Afternoon dress, frock coat, top hat,
light trousers,' light dogsicin or cape gloves or
a gray driving coat with large buttons, top hat,
light gloves. - C. C.
BAB ON BOOKS AND BEDS
The Book-Borrowing Habit De
nounced as a Cardinal .
_-• " - ; ' '■'• - ; "
Sin.
Beds and Their Different Makes and
Builds Have Much to Do With
- Sleep.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21, 1896.— 1f
you wish to be considered smart you are,
of course, announcing to your friends that
May will find you in Russia witnessing the
coronation of the Czar. I have been told
of the pleasure expected by women who
will get no nearer to. Russia than the
quarter dedicated to the Russian Jews, on
the East Side, in New York City ; and the
queer part of it is that these ladies, who do
not tell the entire . truth, are so placid
about it. It takes a woman to lie with
ease. She can get into her face a look as
innocent as possiDle, and then go ahead in
her efforts to outdo Ananias. I can im
agine'[■ that this great spectacle of the
coronation will be well worth seeing,
but I don't think it will ever compare, as
a curiosity, with the stolidity with which
the spring-gowned young woman tells of
her invitation to be present, and of the
impression that she made on various Rus
sian • nobles whom she met abroad last
season. I." cannot understand why Rus
sia is so fascinating to women. Possibly,
it is because, in the history of the world
the most wicked women have been Rus
sians. Possibly ;it is because the average
Russian man, while good to look upon,' is,
in reality, stupid. And, possibly, it is
because the line of caste is drawn very de
cidedly in all the Russias. . '•
A republic does not appeal to anything
feminine. The eternal feminine wants to
sit upon a throne and command other
people, or else she wants to be sufficiently
near the throne to influence, it. ; With
woman, an aristocracy, is a necessity, and
although we may talk until we are blue in
our faces about an aristocracy of brains,
there never; has! been and never will be
one. Brains bow to good manners and
blood. Sometimes, when . I L get to think
ing very bard, I find myself predicting
that ■ S(JO years from now .the United
States will > be a y monarchy.: v The day
when men of brains and wealth, men like
Thomas 2 Jefferson y; and James Madison,
longed to make all men as near as possible
equal, have gone by; ;in these days each
city and each little town has its aristocracy,
usually an aristocracy of wealth. But after
two or ..three, generations of wealth there
begins to be a longing for an aristocracy of
race; and, once the aristocracy of race and
wealth; with a certain leaven of brain, is in
control, it will demand a leader, and a king
will be the 'natural result. Who will be
the king 500 years from now? .; A descend
ant from the butcher Aptor? One of the
tribe of Vanderbilt, t boatman? Will the
king come out of the West and be descended
from ' one of the 7 railroad _ magnates; or
; from one of the workers who dug in the
earth and found gold therein The king
will not be a* politician, of that I feel
sure; ] unless, : indeed, ; he ; should descend
from one of those dignified New England
gentlemen who made -politics not a ques
tion of money, but who used their money
to purify politics. ,1 am not speaking of
any politicians of to-day. Even in. New
England, vi ■ know of" none who will
answer that description. :■" But think it
out for yourself, and decide under whose
banner will the aristocrats of 2500 rally. - ;
'But to return to Russia. The woman of
to-day is a great admirer of Catherine of
Russia. She always speaks of her as pos
sessing great brain and will power. She
has : never seemed to me, however the
sort of | person that I should care to 'have
an intimate acquaintance with. She be
gan her career by killing her husband,
and after that she took fancies, so to say,
to various gentlemen to whom she gave her
very intense love, and on whom she spent
the wealth of all the Russias. One of
these . gentlemen, ; Potemkin, was so
weary of: money .that ' he had his
books bound >in -bank notes. I may
mention , that I have never seen or
borrowed one of these books, but I read
this I in the history of Russia written in
French. Speaking of borrowing books,
aren't they cheap enough and isn't our
civilization old enough for that sort of
thing to cease ? You or I love a book. We
spend many happy or unhappy hours over
it. Here a passage is marked "by a pencil
there a specially beautiful description is
emphasized by some rose leaves between
the pages, and there, well there where
there was something that appealed spe
cially to your heart or to mine a tear drop
fell, and a tear drop '. never fades. This
book is part of one's self. Some day Miss
Rosalind Flighty appears and she, after
the manner of her kind, goes over your
books, picks up this special one and asks
you to lend it to her. .
You are kindhearted and don't know
how to refuse. And this, has in her
possession what- is really a part of your
life. And the chances are ten to one that
she pencils certain passages as "lovely,"
"too sweet for anything," and when the
book that you're fond of comes home, if it
ever does, it has become so inoculated
with the insipidity of the borrower that
you catch it up with a tongs and put it in
the fire. ■ x :: v. ».-'_,• *■*■•.-. ;; :; j .-.*:••.-
Sometimes the borrower selects your
favorite passages, learns them by heart,
quotes them to other people, tells how
they were marked in your boot, and then
starts in to adapt them to your daily life.
3 Personally, I. do not .lend. my books.. I
used to, but the disappearance of a valua
ble French book, the mystery attending a
book illustrated by John" Leech, the walk
ing away in some mysterious manner of
an expensive dictionary of quotations, and
the disappearance of no end of novels * has
made me brutal. How, I have the courage
of my convictions and announce that I
never lend a book. For myself, I should
just as soon think of asking people to lend
me their underwear as to lend me of their
library. Of course, there are people in
this world, as I know to my sorrow, who
do not draw the line at borrowing lingerie.
Apropos of books, if you want one
for your daughter, put into her hand
the life of Dolly Madison, which has
just come out and winch will explain to
her in the most charming manner how a
woman can be fascinating and more than
mer ly fascinating to both men and
women and yet always be womanly and
lovable. I am a great admirer of Dolly
Madison, In her day what agreat-lady
this little Philadelphia Quakeress was!
No queen ever surpassed her in dignity
or in charm, and no queen ever realized
better than she did how to make people
like her; and she managed this little bit
of diplomacy as a woman and not' as a
politician. Dolly Madison would not
have been in harmony with the advanced
woman. Bicycles, bloomers and longings
for votes would have been far from her,
but she would have ruled to-day just as
she did so many years ago, and tor the
; same reason— because she was a charming '
woman. As I --aid before, it is a good book
for a girl, this story of her life, and a good i
book specially for the girl of to-day.
sj To-day, or rather to-night, nobody sleeps !
well. ,» Whether it is the fault of the noisy j
city, of overstrained nerves, or a troubled j
conscience, who can ted? But certain
sure, that doctor who will find an inno- i
cent opiate is the one who will make a for- I
tune. 1 don't believe the beds themselves I
were ever more beautiful. They are of !
enameled wood, of brass, of mahogany j
brightened with gilt in the empire j
fashion or of whatever material you !
will, but they are always marvelous !
studies of beautiful furniture. Gos- j
sip j says that Juliet* Gordon • sleeps iv |
a bed shaped like a swan, with drapings I
of lace about it. Surely, slumbering in this '
way, the songs of the swan should come to !
her: in her dreams. Of a fashionable di- (
vorcee it used to be said that her bed was
like a huge hearse, heavy and black. It
stood in the center of tue room on a raised
platform, which made it necessary to
climb two steps to get to it. When it was
first brought over from the other side the
heavy top was lined with a French mirror,
for the purchaser did not know that
French ladies objected to this style of bed,
but the truth was soon discovered, the
looking-glass removed and rose-colored
satin put in its place. Those who know
say that this bed had a barren, cold
look, and ail that it suggested was the
opinion given of Raphael's "Madonna" by
Carlyle's servant— "lt is expensive." ,
That funereal type is the sort of bed
Queen Elizabeth ought to have slept in.
This Queen of England was undoubtedly a
woman of great strength of mind, _?o
frivolous lace decorated her nightgown ;
no rose-colored knots were here and there
upon it, and no thin mulle made the gown
in which she dreamed. No, indeed, her
favorite nightgown was of purple velvet,
trimmed elaborately with gold lace! This
was sufficient reason for her remaining a
virgin Queen.
But to return to beds. • Mile. Mousseline
must have a bed that looks simple and is
NEW TO-DAT.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*'
I SALT and !
I PEPPER.!
9 •
fa A great big buy— lsoo pairs Fine
ft Quadruple Silver-plated Salt and <£*
fa ilil_M^_§__i_^_3 prfce^Oc, b & ut J
fa they go on sale for Monday; Tuesday •£
fa and Wednesday only at 25c PER 4
fa PAIR, and Wednesday night ends it. .4
* v ' ■ ' .' -7[T ■' ■ +
* _ * ,--'-"- .-,'. -r-w' ■ «
ft Thinking of some medium-grade <g
ft Crockery or Glassware for that coun- 4
ft try home of yours? We have pre- +>
ft cisely the right things for such a pur- •**
ft pose— and at Wholesale Prices. <
*>. 4
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE-*
ft THAT BIG CHINA STORE- «
9 X'A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's. *
fa WANGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & CO., $
ft 528 and 530 Market St., J
J27 and, 29 Sutter St., *
* BELOW MONTGOMERY. '"• ,
*:•;•■ .-• *
a*********,^********** *\
T>EKMAN E.S'l _ V KEMOVES SUPEKCLUOUS
x hair by electricity at $1 a sitting; first sitting
, free; no scars lelt;. moles, warts, etc., also' re-
I moved. .
expensive. It must be all while, its cur
tains of white Swiss muslin, its ribbons of
white satin,* really, it must .in the first
place be as immaculate, as the lilies, and
then it must be kept so. And that is why
it costs so much. Mile. Mousseline's dra
peries must be like herself, unspotted. The
lancv ; for the silk coverlids on one's bed
has caused the heavy Marseilles counter
pane to disappear, and this means that it
is now possible for one to sleep under some
thing that is less in weight than sheet
iron, and which permits a little more ventil
ation than a stone wall. Doctors tell that
more people have died from Marseilles
counterpanes than from pneumonia, and
that is saying a good bit. The prettiest
bed I ever saw was Mrs. Lan_ try's. The
bed itself was Chippendale; the draperies,
soft gray brocade with tiny flowers in faint
figures upon them ; the side curtains were
of bolting cloth, those at the head of the
bed embroidered in poppies and those at
the foot in morning glories. But, after all,
it is not the bed or its draping, or its cov
ers, or its curtains, but it is the sleep that
one wants. And one may have the softest
bed in the world, and yet the rose leaf hid
den in it will irritate the flesh and annoy
the soul. If one is awake, the hours- of
the night are just as long if one's bed is
draoed in brocade as if one slept without
curtains and on a hard cot. Bab.
MEW TO-PAT.
America at Athens
_ The victory of the American
Eagle in the revival of the Olym-
pian Games of ancient Greece is
\ a suggestive of the
.\ JL victories won by
Nx^-g^V the American.*
K'.i^^^r^v «^ dentifrice, SO-
W <l3^r> ZODONT ? vef
\fs__Jl ll lsi a^ competitors
during the past
50 years. _* It
t interesting to
victories won by
the American.*
& dentifrice, SO-
ZODONT over
all competitors
during the past
50 years, -i* It
is interesting to
9 ISOZODOKT; observe that a So-
i | FORTHE ; _ _*_•*»• 1
a I teeti^ 2odont "is de-
rived from the
3i*. , _ : -r=- 1 ■ Greek words "so-
i I \s£&* i zo > to preserve,
alsSfr-SS an <*~ "odontes."
and "odontes,"
_L 1 A . <
a *»•.*•»••;; the teeth.
■ i^sSS . v *
[Sl l^^^^giJ If you wish to test
-*. — the merits of famous
• Sozodont, a sample
bottle will be mailed on receipt of 3 cents for
•postage, provided you mention this paper.
Aaaress Hail & Ruckel, Wholesale Druggist-.
New York. 66
rBBBBBBB-BBH "*yfw«»«*imiwi^^
\
I 22 Beapy St., Hear Kearny. |
; •*••'**•• I-:.;/
Crepon Sonveante, $1.25 and $1.40 I
Crepon Hoove-ate, $1.75 and $2.25 j
Crepon Nonveante, $3.00 and $3.50 1
Crepon Nooveaote, $4.00 and $5.00
Grenadine Faconne, $3 and $3.50
Grenadine Faconne, $4 and $5.00
Etamine Ifovelty, $2.50 and $3.50
tlengaline Faconne, $3 and $3.50
. The above goods com- |
prise the most recent pro- I
ductions in black ma- I
terials. I
GOODS SENT C. O. D. |
M SAMPLES FORWARDED. I
I R. T.KENNEDY COMPANY.
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
JUST RECEIVED— A LARGE IS VOICE OF
Long-Waisted P. D. San* "Rival Corsets,
C.P. a: la irene Corsets, i.)
Celebrated Koval C. T. Corsets,
Elegant T. French Corsets,
. Unrivaled * Werly Corsets,
Bicycle Corsets.
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XV
. PAJt.ISIAN CORSET and THE
OLGA CO .SET.
_» _* i__E__3n___E____!_-9Bn*__7 /'I XL —
' ™ «SV>PKE__H H_?_ilSP_-S9****___F - _■"
*** *G*j*j _B__9£aß__Hr *-
a. a** Vi **..'■• _
■ _■ i . ■> ■ . **•
**"" xfi. ■ _i» _i
"i, j/u-ifi *__*_. x ?
I rTlraH^Br _r_^EE_____ —
'J. -** fi' Ug/Ommr JBrir^BH —
- -* w_tM_f ■ -
O
We have no branch store on Market street.
■ Our Illustrated Catalogue sent free to
any address.,.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADORES-*
JVC. FREUD «_b SON*,
- 741-744 HarketSt. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
ROR
a Fine Tailoring
T^ Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
jrfKj^w "•* -" Moderate Prices, go to
WOE Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pric.-*, go to
JOE POHEIM
y^pa THB TAILOR.
-WSm PANTS made to order from $4.03
1111 SUITS made to order (rem $15.00
HI H_3 MY $17.50 ano $35 SUITS
"NI.I, fe*3 *" c ™*" •*■•** •'• Tmi »T»T_.
-^^f^H^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush
. 724 Market St 1110 & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SriAMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Mexican Dollars lower.
Sliver firmer. ■ \ ■ : -
Shipment of $243,241 to China. .
Bank Clearings gain 12%. - ... \
Wheat weak and dull.
The rain weakens Barley and Hay.
Beans neglected.
Oats. Corn and Rye quiet. '*?.■• -.*. -
Bran and Middlings unchanged. -
Raisins in carload lots lower: jobbing higher.
Dri«»d Fruits dull and generally lower.
Slender receipts of Cherries.
Berries advanced.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
New Potatoes higher. Onions advanced.
Receipts ot Vegetables continue light.
Liberal arrivals of Butter expected.
Cheese and Eggs easy.
A car of Eastern Poultry due.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool dull and nominal.
Foreign imports increased.
Kips, Calf and Veal skins lower.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aoßtcuir
TUBE, WKATHER BfBKAIT, SaN FRANCISCO,
April 25. 1896, 5 p. __.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are tne seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same da c last sea-
sen: Eureka 44.47, last season 40.28. R-M Bluff
19.99, last season 27.90: San Francisco 20.31. las*,
season 28.98: Fresno 8.03, last t-eason 13.23; sab
Luis Obispo 17. -tO, last season 24.97: Los Angeles
9.01, last season 15.62: San Diego 5.86, last season
11.98; Yuma .KS, last season S.OL ' " :7'XX-
The following maximum tempsratures are re
ported from stations in California during the 1 pas;
twenty-four hours: Eureka 60, Red Bluff 58,
San Francisco 66, Fresno 66. San Luis Obispo 58,
Los Angeleo 70, San Diego 64, Yuma 86. .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56.
minimum 47. mean 62. _.•
The following ra nfails are repjrted from sta
tions In California during the past twenty-four
hours: Eureka .12 of an inch, Sau Francisco .10,
Fresno .08. San Luis Obispo .14, Los Angeles .06.
The storm which was central last evening off
the roast of Oregan has moved northeastward and
ts now central in the British possessions north of
Montana and North Dakota. Scattered light show
ers have occurred to-day throughout the greater
portion of California from Los Angeles northward,
ln Northern Nevada and throughout Oregon and
"Washington. The pressure is rising rapidly along
the Oregon coast and the conditions are becoming
more favorable for fair weuther; however, farther
showers are expected to-night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 26. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Sunday. except partly
cloudy in the north portion; brisk wester! winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, freih west
erly winds. :-■"■?
Nevada— Parti v cloudy Snnday.
Utah— Occasional showers; cooler Snnday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair Sun
day; brisk westerly winds.
W. H. Hamuos*. Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS,
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. Y\, April 25.— American Sugar
was the feature of the trading at the Stock Ex
change to-day: following In point of activity was
fiL Paul. Sugar was highly erratic, In its course
and ranged between 121 ft and 123%, closing at
122 %. The street was flooded with rumors of un
favorable legislation at Washington. That per
haps was due to the fact that Washington firms
were given up as the largest sellers. It was said
that a bill will be introduced in the Senate next
week abolishing the *y_c differential duty on re
fined
Operators who sold the stock at higher figures
covered on this report, as it was considered that if
any action was contemplated the street would not
be taken into the confidence of the National law
makers. The changes in the usually active rail
way shares were unimportant. At the opening
the market was firm in tone, but the selling of
Sugar exerted an unfavorable influence until near
the close, when the stock referred to rallied to 123,
and speculation left on* firm. Net changes show
gains'of * B*_.»4 per cent, Tobacco leading. Total
. sales 131, 500 shares.
Bonds were strong. The sales footed up Isßo9
--000. - Chesapeake and Ohio, Richmond and Al
legheny first consolidated fours rose "*_to96*_;
Pittsburg. Bhenandoah and Lake Brie first fives,
I*6 to 90: Missouri, Kansas and Eastern first
fives, I*6 to 92*,.. Northern Pacific consolidated
fives fell 3to 48* 2 : Wheeling and Lake Erie con
solidated fours, 2V_ to 65, and Texas Pacific firsts
1 to 90. .t >..
In Government bonds $5000 coupon fours of
19-5 sold at 119, and $20,000 coupon fives at
114@114*v_.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII: steady: common to "air, 9220193:
do fair to fancy, *•_ *»5>g.3 85: do patents, -.3 90<g,
4 25: Minnesota clear, $2 __(_._. 16: do straits,
93*0*3 60: do patents, $3 45(_i 35; low extras.
- $2 -,0(0,3: city mills, $4<&4 20: do patents. $4 3lX<s
4 60; rye mixture, 92 _0(g..l 30; superfine. $_iv,
2 35: fine, f'.(_,2 30. southern flour quiet, steady:
extra, $2 40_,3; good to choice do, $3_>3 30. Rye
flour, dull; $2 40@2 80. Buckwheat flour, 9120
fel 25.
BUCK W AT- 40
CORN MEAL— Quiet, steady; yellow Western,
$2 _0_,2 25: Braudvwlne. 92 20.
RYE— Firm; State, 4T» 4 _.48c: Western, 46"v_@
46V?c.
BARLEY— Firm; ungraded Western, 49_.50c.
BARLEY MALT— 48_"55-
WHEAT— DuII; lower with options; closed
steady. No. _ red, store and elevator, nominal:
afloat, nominal; f. o. 77C_c to arrive; ungraded
red. 64@83c; No. 1 Northern, v"3V_c to arrive.
Options opened firm and unchanged: f<jil 1 /__!'-_c
with the West ana on local realizing; rallied *. 8 c
on local covering and closed firm at ' __,'•_'.■ below
yesterday with a slow trade. July and May were
most active. No. 2 red April, 73V_c: May, 71c;
July, 70% c: September, 70**4 c; December, 72*/ c.
CORN— LuII; firm. No. _, S9c elevator; 40c
afloat. i i*
Options were dull and steady at "/-©"Vic de
cline on local trade. July, September and May only
traded in. April, 36**/ 8 c; May, 3.*>**4c; July, 3_y 2
September, 373/4-.
OATS— DuII: steady.
Options— Dull, nominal; May, 245 July,
E4*t^c. . .
Spot prices: No. 2. 25 1 _c: Na 2. white. 26% c:
No. 2 Chicago, '.6*_c: No. 3, 24 1, _■■; No. 3, white,
25"^c: mixed Western, 24V_(_*_6*_c; white do.
27*V_9*_c; white (•Hate. 27<a_l"V_c. • .;,
leKRIi BRAN— 6O©62"A_.
MIDDLINGS— 6S@7Oc.
RYE— Feed, 66<_-,70c.
Provisions.
BEEF- Slow, easy, unchanged. Family, 99 60@
10: extra mess. $7@B. Beef bams, dull; $14 60
(a.15; tierced beef, quiet, unchanged; cut meats,
inactive, unchanged.
LARD — Quiet, lower; Western steam, $5 12*_;
city, 94 65; May. $5 12' _. Red ned. steady; con
tinent, 95 50; bouth American. *5 SO: compound,
4V_@**-«c.
PORK— Quiet, steady. Old mess, $9_*9 50; new
mess. *10.a,10 25.
Bl'l'l Frl — firmer. State dairy, B@l4' 7 _c;
do creamery, 10(_>15c: Western dairy, old, 7-j.ac;
do creamery, 10_,15c: do held. 9,'_llc; do factory.
7010 c; i_l_ins, 15c; imitation creamery, C 1 __i
lT\_c. :.:-.- w
CHEESE— easy, unchanged. State large,
6@9*4c; dt> fancy. 9V__.93 / 4c; do small, 4*/ 2 _t
10c: part skims, 3@4y_c; full skims. 2-_>2y»c.
EGGS— Fancy, firm. State and Pennsylvania,
l*@ll*y_c; Western fresh, 10_.12c.
TALLOW— Quiet. city. 3*_c; country, _-3/ B <a
MM
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, quiet. Crude, 22c:
yellow, prime, / _@2s%c: no, off grade. 25*4®
25-Ac. /v *
RESIN — Firm. Strained common to good,
$__,_ 60. . ~ ■■■'- -*.,-..- ■- ■".■■*'-•
TURPENTINE—Firm. 29f_29V_c.
POTATOES— QnIet. New, active, firm; old. dull.
RlCE— Moderate demand. Domestic fair to extra
9MS/.e: Japan, 4o4
MOLASSES— New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, _a*s37c. .
COFFEE— Quiet, 5 points up to 6 down April
912 90; May, $1286: June, $12 60; September.
$1156: December, $10 96. Spot Rio dull, steady;
No. 7, 13»4c. ••.-', • • -:
SUGAR— Raw firm, dnll. Fair, refining, 384 c;
centrifugals 95 lest, 4 5-16 c. Refined, quiet,
Arm. Off A. 4 15-16(_i5V_c: ' mold A, l""4c;
standard A. 6*_c- confectioners* A. 63/_c; cut loaf
and crushed, 6y 8 c; potvaered, 6-*-_c; granulated
6"_c; cubes, 6 **4 c.
Fruit and Produce. .
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— .:..■"*■.' .> 7
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7*_@Bc; do paper-shell,
ll<ai_c.
•• A Bags, 8 V_@l2c. - . .'....-
PEACHES— PeeIed, fl lb, 10@12c; do ttnpeeled
6_,BV_c. • ... ...:,.
PROnES— Four sizes. se. •-:
Three-crown, loose, muscatel, 334(3)
4c: do four-crown, 4@3c: do London layers, 96c
©$1: do clusters, $1 2fX_)l 40. *
WALNUTS— standard. b'/3-'7c; do soft-shell,
Fft-lOc.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 2y_i3
8c: Pacific Coast, 2V_@7c
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
15_i.3c; Texas, 7(_,12c.
Merchandise. -
PIG IRON— Moderately active; American, $11®
13 35.
COPPER— QnIet, nominal: Lake, $10 75.
LEAD -Steady; domestic. $3 05.
UN-Easy: straits, 913 30_,13 35; plates,
moderate demand. ■■.: >
SFELTEK-Firm : domestic, «1 05@4 10. . ,
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.._, April '.s.— Chinch- stories
were not so numerous this morning and Thoman's
report bad lost Its. weight. Wheat was conse
quently far from being as strong as it was at the
close yesterday. Brads 's report of tbe week's
exports from both coasts— l,B26,ooo bushels— was
decidedly disheartening to those who advocate
higher prices, and correspondingly gratifying to
the believers in cheaper values. Liverpool cables
pre V.d higher. Receipts at Chicago were -14
and 165,175 bushels were taken from -store.
.Nor western arrivals were 305 cars, against
360 last Saturday and 334 a year ay o.
'ibe weatbe: 'a the winter-wheat belt continued
seasonable, and promising repcrts the .Top were
numerous. Argi ML*-* __*p__*A_us tot tbe week
* • ■
were 624.000 bushels. Delayed seeding in the
Northwe t was urged In favor of strength at the
close, a slight rally resulting, but prices lost *4@
"Vs'-' i""- for the day. Atlantic seaboard clearances
were light a; 194,152 bushels. Closing Continental
cables were generally higher. July wheat opened
from 64S (ai64«ic, sold between 04!"_(_*8-''y_ «*** a
665/ i ', closing at 643,4 e^ I */,., *45.3,_c under yes
terday. Estimated receipts lor Monday 12 raw.
CORN— From the start it was evident that corn
wns dominated by the tone of wheat. No inde
pendence was displayed, and business was of no
Importance from a speculative point of view. Re
ceipts were heavier than expected, 356 cars arriv
ing. x -Withdrawals from store large at 226 000
bushels. Liverpool cables were firm and higher.
Argentine shipments for the week were 612,000
bushels. Export clearances at Atlantic ports were
17.127 bushels. July corn opened at 3034 c, sold
between 30***4<a30y_c and 305/ B @sos,'c, closing at
306/ 9 y 8 c 11 der yesterday. ' Estimated receipts
for Monday 280 cars.
! OATS— Were dull, inactive and uninteresting.
The tone and feeling were governed by the leading
market. Receipts. 238 cars, were 33 more than
expected. July oats closed J /B r_."4c "under yester
day. Estimated receipts tor Monday 190 cars.
FLAX— Was steady; cash, 92@93y c: May. 88c:
July, 9oy_c; September. 92% C. Receipts 14 cars.
PROviBIOJftJ— The bote receipts this morning
were largely in excess of expectations and the mar
ket at the yards was irregular, some grades show
ing firmness, but in the majority of instances a
weak tone prevailed. Product was regulated by
the hoe market and ruled easy. July pork closed
"7i_(tf-_o* lower, July lard 7*/_c lower and July
ribs 7*,'_!n,loc lower. „-*",■:»'
BUTTER— The butter market .vas steadier to
day. A much better demand than has lately ap
peared developed and some slight improvement in
prices took place. Creameries— Extra. 14c; firsts,
lßAlß\_c.
EG Us— Were slow and easy. The bad condition
of much of the stock caused buyers to exercise
caution. Fresh stock, 9@loi-
MONEY — Was easy at 6*. on call and 6@7% on
time loans. New York exchange sold from 70c to
85c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 63y 8 c; May. 63*/ 2 c: July.
64-*4@64%c.
CORN— April. £P**_<_"29 1 - C: May, 29WS-295/BC*,
July, 30*5,i@3034c.
OATS- May, In', _c; July, 193,4@19y 8 c; Septem
ber, 20s/ c.
PORK-May, 3*B 37*2. July. * s 57*_.
LARD— May, $4 80; July, $4 95.
Llß*.— $4 20; July, $4 35.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, I__,, April 25.— The
cattle market was quiet and steady to-day, the
light arrivals not permitting of much business.
Receints of ho*»s were larger than usual for Satur
day, and business was active at a decline of 2*_(_>
sc. The sheep market was fairly active and firm
at yesterday's prices. ,
CATTLE — Receipts. 200. Fancy beeves,
S. 10@4 16; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $3 80@l: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 605.3 75: medium steers. 1000
to 1.00 pounds. $3 4&@3 55: common steers. 950
to 1400 pounds. $3 256.3 4 •>; choice leeders.
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 50(g13 75: common to good
stockers. $2 -o<c.3 46: bulls, poor to choice, $26*
2 70; cows and heifers, extra. $3 50(3,4: cows, fair
to cnoice. 92 40@3 40: cows, poor 10 good can
ners. $1 4004 85: veal calves, good to choice, $4
(di 50: calves common to good. $2 50@3 80; Texas
fed steers. *'_ 6.'>_,.S 80: Texas bulls, oxen and
cows. $2 25(513 26. . •'.:_.:.'•*--.■■
HOGS— Receiots. 18,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. 93 60(43 60: common to choice
mixed. $3 40ra:3 70: choice assorted, *3 70(_,3 80;
light, $3 60C«t3 70; pigs. $2 90(<-3 80
- 4000. Inferior to choice,
$2 ' 0 _b 60; lambs, $3(_4 70.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
.'■;*.' . Shares. •'•"'„ i:-.
Money on call easy at 2 *-/__* 3*.. Prime mercantile
paper, s**_(_l6''. Bar silver, 67V 8 c Mexican dollars,
.4(g»osc. sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
uess in bankers' bills a* $4 87"y_@4 87*. for sixty
days and $4 B*-V__,4 88--"4 for demand. Posted rates,
$4 BS@4 89. Commercial bills. S4 Be*"i.@4 8714.
Government bonds firm; State bonds dun: railroad
bonds strong (silver at the board was neglected.
• CXOSINO STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable,... 94 I N ono.k A We.-. ... 14
Atchison- 16 Preferred. _. 4"c 2
Preferred 2_l/ 8 Northern Paclflo.*. /_
Adams express.. .l6o j Preferred ..V^
Alton, Terre Haute. 06 Nortnwestern. »_* /8
American Express. 114 | Preferred 1 „ 73 /*
American Tobacco. 1 *4; N. Y. Central ? 8l 4
Preferred 96 IN .Y. Chicagoi_B.L J* 1
Bay State Gas 21 ' Ist preferred..... -'834
Baltimore A Ohio.. l6 3 /4 1 2d preferred. 2 6 Ai ' /2
Brunswiok Lands.. "isN. V. AN. H ... ,.474
Buffalo, Boch &P. 16V<siN. -. _ New E__. 40 5
Canada Pacific... 59 N. Y.busq <_ W._ >*^'a
Canada Southern.. 61 ! Preferred _; *-4i.
Canton __».nd 611% 0ntari0.;....-. *4
Central Pacific 15 V4]0nurio_; Western. 15y 8
'Ches.<fc Ohio. Oregon Improvmi. 1
Chicago Alton 154 ' Preferred. — —
Preferred. 170 Oregon Navigation. '8
Chicago, ii. A y.... sis/8 "-"-ecou Short Una. 75/8
Chicago*- K. Hi... 41. ratine Man 27
Preferred. 89 ; Peoria. D.A Evans. "2*V_
Chicago uas 6'>'*_ Pittsburg-: W pld. '»
Cleve<_ Pittsburg. 160 IPullman Pa1ace... 162
Consolidation Coau .oWviuicKsllver 1 .
Consolidated Gas.. 191 I Preferred. 15
C. C. C. «_S_ Louis, 341-2 Beading 12*4
-- Pi-ferTeo.;*.:..... -84 • KtoGrande AWeata -18
Colo. Fuel it iron.. 3'J x /i Preferred. 43
Preferred 100 Bock Island 72%
Cotton Oil cert 14*"4 KomeWat <_Ogdaa l l4V_
Commercial Cable. 1 .8 bl. L. _, _. \» 43 4
Lei. Hudson 127**4' Preferred. ll
Del.Lack_AVeate.nl ! V-_ Bt.Paul 7814
Denver <_ H. u« IS ' Preferred.... 1-71/4
Preferred. 4<"s'_ Kt. Pauldt Duluta. 24
DistUlers 9'_ Preferred. 81
General Electric... 37 ha bt. Paul A Omaha. -*3*4
Erie 15 1 Preferred 123
Preferred 40*54 **■>'• P. M. _ _i lit)
Fort Wayne 160 "silver Certmcates.. 67* / 4
GreatNorthernnld.llo southern Paclda.. '.o'/.
Green bay *_ boutnern K. X..... 9^
Hariem 295 , Preferred. 3li 3
Hoc kins Coal *¥ bugar Refinery.... 122%
Hocking Valley... 1 % Preferred. io2i _
Homestake .30 Term. Coal A Iron. 30 Vs
H. A Texas Cent-. 21/, Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 97 , Texas Paclflo 8%
lowa Central. 9*/ 8 . 01. A. A.& N. Alien. — '
Preferred... 37 loi. <fe Ohio Cen.... 30
Kansas <_ Texas. _ 12S/ 8 Preferrea... .. 78
Preferred 28c_ lol.Bt.Louis<___,Oi 6V_
Kingston <_ Pern... 3 j Preferred 10
Lake Erie <_ Westa 1 9 V- Union Pac1f10....;. BV4
Preferred 72i/4iU P.. Den. A Unit, 3*.
L»_e Shore.. 1■" l) .8. Cordagu....... 6>v<-
National cead...... 27 j Preferred l***/.
• Preferred .* l'o*"i Guaranteed — 21*V_
Longlsland 80 C. 8. Express.. 44
Louisville _ Nash. . t>2 U. S. Leather...^. . 9
. Louisville Na<fc Ch. 9 | Preferred. ra 63
: Preferred......... 21 IU. 8. Rubber 26* A
Manhattan Coosoi. 0" Preferred......... 85.
Mempnis A Cnarls. 15 I'tica &B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 1 1 ■ Wab. &L. A Pao.. 71.
Michigan Central.. £6*_ Preferred. ...... 1 i/ 8
'. Minn aa. L...: iWells-Farga ...... 99
■ Preferred......... — Western Union.... 863/ 8
Minn. <_ St. com. 19 Vi Wis Centra, 2%
, Istpreferred 79 Wheeling _, L _)..' 10*/_
• 2dpreferred s*.'V_ Preferred. 3.
Missouri Pacific.... 28' 4 Am Cotton Oil pta. &83/ fl
Mobile* Ohio 22 W U Beef 8
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ann Arbor .9
.National Linseed.. 17*/ a Preferred 25y«
;N. J. Central. lo7*_ Brooklyn Traction. 25
; North American. . . 6V_>
CT-OAING BONDS.
:V •** 4s. ree :.lUB%|U XT 2ds 59-"4
Ho, 4s coupon. ..lb-tfiA* D 0.45..... 45.... .. 853/.
C P 4b new reg 1173* Mutual Union 65.. .114
Do, 4s coupon. ..11-84 J Cent Gen 65. .,118
Da 2s 96' Northern Pac lat_ll7*_
Do, 6s 11-*.; Do, 2dß ......114
Do. bs c0ur>0n....1133 /4 l Do. 3<ls 76V_
Cherokee 4s. 1890.-0. Northwest*Conaolal39V_
Da 1897 .....100 ! Do, deb 5s ..107i«
Do. 1898 .100 OR AN 18xi...l B xi... .112
IJO. 3899 100 |ei;_A-ronMtGe'n__ 79
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... BtL«fc SK G«n 6s. 109
D. C.3-6 65...' 109V4 St Paul Consols ...138y_
Ala Class A 4 106 V* BU P. C. APa lsts. 116
Da Class 84. 6s. 10 | Do, Pac Cal xsta.. 1 1 0
LaConsol4*_ 98% Southern R. R. Os. 9SV A
Missouri funding..— - Texas Pacific firsts 90
N* Carolina con 65.. 122*,, Texas Pac seconds. 23
Do, as 103 UnlonPao 15t0f96.1051
--•fo Carolina 4*_s... 106 West Shore 4s. .10534
•lennnew _s 86*4! Mobile <fc Ohio 4s. 661/4
Va funding debt... 6214 Granae West lata 76* i/«
I>o.r.g — - iChes & 5s lioy.
Do. deferred 65... 6 I Atchison 4s „. nx_
Do, trust rents st 5 1 Do, '2d» a. ...... *.*■_?_
Canada Bouth 2as..lo3V_iO H«tS A 6s 105
Cen Pao lstsot '9s 10ic_i Do. 2d 7«. "•****"* 100
Den <fcR Gist..... 114 H & Tex Cent bs.. 108 "
; m -*» ..91 - 10. con WJU,
■J*-le2d« 60 V_ Beading 4s 1...... \n
Kansas Pa Consols 7«i/2! Missouri 65. ...„,, 100
fcsi--a.--sDeud.vlll I .-.-.* ••••««»•**'■»
FOREIGN MARKETS. ...
•VHSAT IN J-IVKKPOOI. >* .. - '
LIVERPOOL, Ex.,; April 25.-The spot market
Is firm at 5s 6y 3 d. Cargoes firm a; 27s l"Ad ar
rived. : 7
,* '.*-_ : . ■'.* FtITUB-S.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter* April
5s •Hid* May, 6s sVid; June, 6s 6V*d; July, 6s
s*^d; August, 6s 2 d. *'
BKCUEITIKS.
LONDON, .so., April 25.-Consols, 11111-16
--silver, 3ld: French Rentes, lOlt 90c '
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — 94 881/4
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 891/1
Sterling Cables .................. 893,4 490 *
New *.ork Exchange, 5ight....... — 07*y_
NewYotk Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, *-* ounce ..." _ 67**_
Mexican Dollars.. ]..* 54 64V_
TREASURE SHIPMENT. •■
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $243,241,
consisting of 919,996 In Mexican ■ Dollars, $1745
in Gold Coin, and $221,500 in Silver Bullion. •
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were 702,726,
against $11, 334,727 for the same week ln 1895.
a gain of 12%. •_____,______ **• . -. •
.1 ■'-. FOREIGN/IMPORTS.  ;.
Foreign Imports at San Francisco during the first
quarter Of 1890 amounted - to : $11,755,800, against
910,376,000 during the first ' quarter of 1895. Of
the imports' this year $1,871,800 came from Japan,
$2,149,100 from China, $3.2.8,800 from Hie Ha
waiian Islands, $1,075,600 from Great Britain,
$1,028,000 from Central America, $512,600 from
British Columbia, $437,400 from the Lust Indies
and $201,000 from Australia.
1 I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
PRODUCE MABKET. .'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— little demand. No. 1 quotable at
$1 07"/__>l 10 ft ctl; cnoice, $1 11*4 fl ctl: lower
grades, $I@l 06V_: extra choice for milling, $1 15
@122y_. ..-•
CAI/L BOARD BALKS. .'
Informal Skssiok — 10 o'clock — December—
700 tons, 81 07%. ■ "' * :
Regular Morning Session— December— lloo
tons, $1 07%: 400, $1 07*"_. May— loo, $1 08-U,;
300, $) 083/s. 7 ,;
BA LE » —The rain has effectually checked the
advancing tendency and offerings are now in ex
cess of buyers* needs. : Feed, 70@72i_e: choice,
733/40; Brewing, 80@87*/_c.
CALX. BOARD SALES. .
I-.*roßMA_S_ssio-r— December— 2oo tons. 73"_,c;
200, 73*_c. May— loo,7l »/4C.
REan_Aß Jiobxind Session*— December— 2oo
tons, 743/ 8 c; 100, 745/.c; 200, 743/ic; 100, 7 4 tic;
100, 75c. •
OATS— The market shows no change whatever
and trade is slow. Milling, 76@82*^c; fancy Feed,
•'•_'._ _*87V_c: good to choice. ,6@Boc; common to
fair, 67*/__.72* 7 _: Gray, 72y,,(ar_0_; Surprise, 90c_)
$1 ?l ctl.
CORN- Previous prices rule. Large Yellow. 88**4
(S9l*4c: Small Bound do, 97i_c©$l; White, 87 V„
@90c -ft ctl.
. RYE— Continues dull at 76*._@783 / 4c "j* ctl.
BUCK tt HEAT— B6 _.90c *_) ctl.
flour And *"li_-__STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 75@3 85 : Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, *275 @3 "=* bbl. li'}'
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 %>. ton.
MI_LSTUFFS— Prices ln 10-B) sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2S'c; Rye Flour. 3*y_c: Rice Flour, 7V_c; Corn
meal, '_*54@3c; extra cream do, S*w>* Oatmeal,
3 : S_ c : Oat Groats, 4V_e: Hominy, 4@4*/_c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, -.JtAc; Farina,
,4y_c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4*/ ac;
Pearl Barley, 4V_c: Split Peas, 4**4 c: Green 'do,
s',_c ft lb. - - . ■
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF...
BRAN— SI 4 50@15 1* ton. ' - i \'' '
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB *#i ton for lower grades
and $18 50(gd9 50 If*, ton ior the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $1 6.31 6 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 "j*" ton; jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 *$ ion. •'■-..
HAY— Prices show no. chance, . but dealers re
port the market very weak. Wheat is quotable
at $8(_,11 50 "jp* ton; Oat, «B_*9 ft ton: Wheat and
Oat. $8_lll; Barley. $7@9: Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover,
$6_>B 50; Compressed, $7®lo 50; Slock, $6_i7 fl
ton. -'•-*-■;' •■-. :■...-,.. .-■■!■ .
STRAW— 3O@SOc *#• bale. , • ' *
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The market continues dull and gener
ally weak. Bayos are quotable at 90c@$l fl ctl;
Small Whites, $1 25@1 45 "a ctl: Pea, $1 25®
$1 60 *"* ctl; large Whites. $l@Ho'**cU: Pink, i
90@95c; Reds, $1 20; Blackeye. $1 40(q)l 60: Red \
Kidney, nominal; Limas. $2 BOto'J 75; Butters,
$1 40 0* 60 for small and $1 25(31 50 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50
(£2 25 •ft ctl; Trieste. $2@2 50 "j** ctl: Yel
low Musiard, $1 40t_.l 60; Flax, $1 70_il 80; Ca
nary, 23^0 ■*" lb; Alfalfa, 7*/__*9*/_.c if* lb; Rape,
2' _<■ 8 lh; Hemp, 3V_c "*- lb.
DRIED PEAS— SI _s<_il 40 fl ctl for Mies and
$1 25(a*l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES..
POTATOES — New Potatoes advanced again
under light receipts at $I@l 75 "frctl; River
Burbanks, 25<*gi36c flsk; Oregon Burbanks, 60@
65c > ctl: Oregon Garnet Chiles, 70@80c: Ear.v
Rose, 60@:0c; Petaluma and Toaaales, 40@50c "$
sack; Humboldt Burbanks, 50@60c ■*■*• ctl.
ONIONS— StiII higher at $1 75@2 "ft ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 471 boxes As
paragus 18 boxes Rhubarb and 30H sacks Peas.
Receipts were small again yesterday and prices
were generally steady in consequence.
Summer Squash, 12*i_c •ft lb; Egg Plant, 15c ft lb;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2(g,2 25 *ft bx; Cucumbers, 60c
@-$l fl doz; Asparagus, $1 60(3.2 25 ft box for ordi
nary an. $2 60@3 fl box for extra: Rhubarb, 50c@
$1; Dried Peppers, oiaS.-; Green Peppers. 20c;
Green Peas, 3@4c f* lb: String Beans, B©l2y 2 c
ft lb: Horse Deans, 50@76c 1 sack: Dried Okra,
12*_c; Cabbage, 40c %l ctl; Garlic, 4V_t_isc fl _>.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Unusually heavy receipts are ex
pected from the northern coast to-morrow. The
market is quiet and unchanged. X: : 'X-
Creamery — Fancy,* 14c; seconds, 13_H!*y>c
•ft it-.
Dairy— Fancy, 12* _ta,l3***; good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, 1 i_>l 1 1 _c. .- :-.;,■:■':* • =' :.. .v. ■:'*,. - x:.
Eastern'— Nominal. --.•;.,-:
CHEESE— •Fancy mild new, 8 1/ 3C fl lb; common
to food, 7(a,Bc; cream Cheddar, 1 (_. 1 1 < ■ ft lb;
Young America. BiA_iloc ft Bj; Western, 10(o*jllc:
Eastern, l*.*(_il4c "ft lb.
EGOS— How and easy at unchanged prices.
Eastern Eggs, 13@13*/_; store Eggs, 13_ll3V_c-.
ranch Eggs, 14(_jl5c: Duck Eggs, 16@16c ft doz.
••■i; POULTRY AND GAME.
■ * --' ■ *—— ~— — >
POULTRY— A car of Eastern is announced for
to-morrow.' home dressea Turkeys sold at 16c; live
Turkeys. 13*$** 6c : for Gobblers, 13@15c for Hens:
Geese, "■* pair. $1 Si (a. 1 75: Ducks, $1_.5 for old and
$7_i_ - dozen for young: Hens, $'*_.6: Boosters,
young, $7 60_>9 <p doz: do, old, $4 60_i5l livers,
$6 60,0,7 ; Broilers. $5 .••Hat* for large and $_(<__
for small; Pigeons, Si 50 _ 2 for young and $1 50(9
1 75 for old. ...
GAME— Hare. 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and $1 _,1 26 ft uoz for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, $1 7-_V_ 26 fl box
for good to choice, $1 25(g;l 60 for common to fair,
and $2 50@2 75 for fancy. Only four boxes of
Cherries came in and were quoted at 85c for
White, $1 26 for Red and .%•, box for Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of strawberries were 170
chests, selling at $7@,10 per chest for Long worths
and $'(a,7 tor large berries. • .;-/■'
Gooseberries. 60c ft drawer. .
Raspberries. $1 50 ft drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Quotations show no change.
Oranges, 60c@$l 50 ft box for Seedlings, $1 50
@3 60 -f box for Navels, $1 75@_ 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 So(gi2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c<_)$l 60 for common and $.*g) ; 60 for
gcod to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50@6; Califor
nia Limes. $1; Bananas, ?I_;2 ft bunch; Pineap
ples, $4@6 60 ft dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
• After a long period of stagnation prices for Fruits
and Raisins show a general revision. A few de
scriptions are quoted rather, higher, -but the great
majority are lower. The market is very dull. Rais
ins in jobbing lots are advanced as a rule, but car
load lots are lower. • • ■
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: • -* \
Cat-load Lots— Apples, iy 9 @2c %* lb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(g,4 ior evaporated •
Peaches, *"%@_c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, _V a <a
8c for prime to choice, 9c lor fancy and 10@1 lo S
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2y 2 c tor nn
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c fl
tti for evaporated halves, 3V_i_*6c "ft lb for quarters-
Prunes, 3@3*y4c: Plums, 3*-_c *$ lb for pitted and
l'V_!__cforunpltted; Nectarines, 3V_(_j6c %t *_ for
prime to choice and s*/2C for fancy.
Jobbiko Prices— Evaporated Apples. _@4*V_c
■ft lb; sun-dried, iy 2 @2c; Peaches, 3(q>4c and 6fffl_c
fur fancy; peeled in boxes, ll@l2*_c; Prunes 4c
for four sizes, 6@sV_c for 40&**50 's and 4y_(_)sc
for 50_.60'a: Apricots. -V2*_i9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3*Ac-
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c fl tb for evapoi
ated halves and 4@7*/_c for quarters; Plums,
3*__'''* for pitted and 1 V 2 c for unoitted; Nec
tarines, 4@6c ft lb for prime to choice."
s RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 33/^c ft lb; 3-crown. loose, 2*/_c- 2
crown, 2c; seeuiess Sultanas, 3*/2_>3 ic: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@2»4c; three-crown London layers
70c ■# box: clusters. $1 35(_)1 60: Dehesa clusters'
$2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60_,2 75; Dried
Grapes. It lb.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown loose, 3*_c 3
crown, 23^(330: 2-crown, 2V_@2y 2 c SeedlessSul
tanus, 4c 'f. lb; Seedless Muscatels, 8c: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 60@1 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75'
Dried rapes, • — . * . '.
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc ft Jb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c 9 lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6(a7*_c "? lb for Languedoc
and B*/_@".- c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, s*/_
@7c for Eastern and 4y 2 2 c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, sf<_6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-. Filberts. B@9c: Brazil .Nuts. 9®loc »
tb; Coeoanuts, $4 50@5 ft 100.
HONEY— is quotable at 10 @1 2c fl lb for
bright and B i_)9c fl lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@s*;_c,fl lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4V_94%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 203 c. ,
BEESWAX— 24@27c ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c *•*"•_> for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c *"* lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c _* lb for sugar-cured : Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll*_ c * California Hams. 10c "j** lb;
Mess Beef, $8 "$> bbl; extra mess do, $8 50; fam- ,
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $9 %* bbl: extra
clear, $14*3 bbl: mess, $13 _i bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c 9 lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6V_c *** lb
for compound and 6**4 c for pure; palls, 7*/ a c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6__c lor compound and e__p for
pure; hal.-bbls, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7V_c; do 6-lb, 8c
•j" lb.
. COTTOLENE— 6*«4c in tierces and 7%c 1* lb in
10-lb tins. ______ 77-
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— KIds, Veal and Calfskins
are lower all around. Heavy salted steers are
quotable at G"/_@7c "■* tb; culls and brands, .**' ••
(_)-C "-* lb; medium, s*_@6c; culls and brands, -1 ' " i
@sc; light, sc; culls ana brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6c
_* tb: culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c '-' lb;
salted Calf. 6_>7c; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 9
i. ; 10c-. I culls and brands , 7*_c: dry Kip and Veal,
7 id.be; cuns. s_)6c: dry Cnlf, 16c; cull», 10c; Goat
skins, *_0(-35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer/.. medium, 15@_6c: winter, 9©loc;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10@l»c each; short wool,
_Oi_i3sc each ; medium, 40@>50c each ; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about *_c less.
. ALLOW— .No. l, rendered, 3i>_!gi4c; No. 2, 3c:
refined, s'V_@s'»4c; Grease. 2%c %*_..
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c $"/_.*
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, 6 months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@_c; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4'/_@6*-/_c. '.."- -■->■■
HOlS—N ominal quotations are 2@4c ft lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bag., spot, $4 05®
4 07%; June-July delivery, $4 20; San Quentin,
$4 20: Wool Bags, 24V_@2t*Ve«_ .- - -. .. s- -
COAL-Weilington, »8 '¥• ton; New Wellington,
$8 IP ton; Soutnfield Welllncton, $7 50 **** ton;
Seattle. SOL'S. 50; Bryant. $5 60; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallseml, 50; Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo $7 50:
Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : - C'annel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $12 50 1* ton in sacks.
CANNED SALMON - The Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: . In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c; 50.000 cases, 92*y_c; 76,000
cases," 90c "IS dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-shin. -
. SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all tiVs 0 * &*? Granulated, o"*4c;
Confectioners' A, 6**4 c; Magnolia A, 6*x_c: Extra
C, 6y 8 c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, V_c more
than barrels, and bjxes V.c more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbis, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
*P sal. ________
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for "dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows: . - -, -
BEEF— First quality, s{a"sV_<*: second do, 4*/ @
4S4c; third do, "i' / .@4c *8 lb. -
VEAL— l_jge, s(g*6c; small. 6@7c *§ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, s@sV_c; Ewes. 4*V_@so
* lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6*_c "■* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3 l A@-^ 3 /a^ •> lb for large and
?.%@3*"' 8 c for small and medium: dressed do, 4*/*.
@_cfl lb. ______——
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, nr. 17.4P3iMlddlings, 5k5..... 92
0reg0n..;........ 5,760* Butter, ctls 357
Wheat, ctls 2,610 Cheese, ctls 5
Oregon 375 Kggs.doz .14.790
Barley, ct15........ 5,055 Rides, no ,-.. ,596
Oats, etis... 465 Pelts, Ddls 226
Oregon 1.615 Wool, bis 510
Beans, ska.... 763 Wine, gals.. 71,200
Rye, ctls 250 Tallow, ctls 24
Potatoes, sks. 250 Quicksilver, flask* 94
0reg0n........;.. 6.506 Lime, bbis. 480
Bay. tons.. Lumber. M feet... 10
Brnn. »kg : 1,. 7" Chicory, bbi5...... 10
Oregon 960Flaxseed,sks...... 6
Shorts, sks 166) Oregon 606
• — ■>——>- , ;.';
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Slgmund and Flora Greenebaum to Sarah Conn,
lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 32 :6 E of Octavla,
E 60 by N 120: $100.
John and Ada Hinkel and Augustine J. Costello
to Annie M. costello, lot on NE corner of Steiner
and Fulton streets, N 52:6 by H 108:6; $10. <
James A. and Jennie T. Watt to Madge A.
Maniou, Hattie M. Kearney and Mamie Capron,
lot on S line of Page street, 35 E of Lyon, E 16 by
S 100; $10.
Marie H. Guerin, or Bastide, or Pavillier, to
George D. Shadburnc, lot on N line of Sacrameuto
street, 110 W of Montgomery, W 20 by N 60: $10.
. Francesco G. Piccaroll to Francisco Figone, lot
on E line of Jasper place, 77 Sof Filbert street,
S 40 by E 60: $10. ,
* F. P. C. and Marie M. Junker to P.omaine and
Josephine Dastugue, lot on s line of Broadway,
232:6 W of Stockton street, W 21:6 by S 137:6;
$10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company (ex
ecutor of the estate of Joseph W. Dager) to Au
guste Hecht. lot on E line of Jones street, 82 N of
Jackson, N 21 by F. 78:6; $2000.
Alfred P. Hampton to K. X. and Katharine M. J.
Bentz. lot ou E line of Twelfth avenue. 60 N of
Clement street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
Benjamin F. Williams to Catherine T. Williams,
lot on W line of Michigan street, 666 N of Sierra,
W 100. 8 36, E 32, 8 14. E 60, N 60: gift.
Edward and Elizabeth McGee to Patrick Fmne
gan. lot on s line of Sierra street, 25 W of Georgia,
W 25 by 565; $10. - .
J. A. and Margaret Eastman to A. P. Williams,
lots 40, 41 and 42, block 15, Lake View: $10.
R. C. and Caroline R. de Boom to Charles F.
Brown, In 7, block 3, De Boom Tract: $600. '
Barna and Mary P. McKinne to Mary McCor
mick, undivided third of lot on S line of Short
street. 190:1 .SE of Moss alley, S 68deg. 55 mm.
E 91 :8, S 35 deg. 45'min. W 123:4, X 64 deg. 20
mm. W 58:2, N 20 deg. E 120:9, block 10, Mar
ket-street Homestead ; $10. -v ' > . •-,-••-
AUHED' COUNTY. . ' : K£" -
Maria and Isaac Lamb to Martha D. Hume, lot
on E line of luion street. 100 N of Tuirty-second,
N 50 by E 133:3. being the B half of lot 2, block
678, Watts Tract, Oakland: $10.
Benjamin F. Williams to Catharine T. Williams,
lot on Kline of Peralta street. 104 :2V_ Sof Elghlh.-
E 94:8, S 34:6, W 105:3. N 36:1054 to be
ginning, Oaklaud; gift.
Victorine M. O. de Labrousse to Edmond F. de
Labrousse, lot On W line of Oakland avenue, 35
distant from the intersection of said avenue with
Moss avenue, thence N 30, W 126:4, N 30 to be
ginning, Oakland Township: also lots 19 to 25, on
_ side of Told street, and lots 66 to 72, on N side
of Herbert street, in block B, Everett Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Thomas (.'. and Fannie Kenyon to Ha'.vor Hauch,
lot on N W corner of San Antonio avenue and Wil
low street, W 50 by N 150, being lot 9, block G,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10. ' I
Walter L. and Emma D. Lohertsou to Elijah
Higham. lot on Sllne of -landing avenue, 140:_*_
Bof Everett street, E 45 by H -50, being lot to,
block 4, Jenks «**• Mead Homestead, Alameda; $10.
. Charles K. and Harriet W. Clark to John J. Hy
land, lot on N line of Berkeley way, 250 Eo»
Grant street. N 125 by I*. 50. lot 25, ranges 3 and
4, Hardy Tract, Berkeley ; $10.
Maria Lamb (wife of Isaac) to Isaac Lamb, lot
on E line of *1 bird street, 100 i* of Addison, S 141
by E 123, beln_ lots _0, 21 and 22, block 108,
-race B. Berkeley Land and Town- Improvement
Association. Berkeley $10.
Mary J. Moss et ai. to Louise Jobbing, lot 11,
block N. amended map, of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Thoinus H. McFadden to Lydia H. McFadden,
lot on NW corner of Taylor and Wood streets, N
67:6 by W 36:6, block 702, Oakland; gift.
P. 11. and Carrie Jordan to Minnie v.. -Anthony
(wife of A. X.), lot on N line of Sutter street,
100.69 W of Park, W 50. N 97.67, E 60.02, S
98.66 to beginning, being lot 17, block 8, • -askill
Tract, subject to a mortgage of $1100, Oakland
Township; *10.
George Huge (executor estate of Jacob Riegel
huth) to J. BleKelhuib, lot ou N. line of Railroad
avenue, 200 E of Kellogg street, E 50 by N 100,
block 19, town of Woodstock, Alameda; *2000.
Elg>i and Laura. A. V. Ramel to San r rancisco
Savings Union, lot on *" W corner of Pacific avenue
and Bay street, 8 62.20. W 126, 8 52, W 37.62, N
104.20, E 160 to beginning, block X, Taylor 6.
Page Tract, deed of surrender, Alameda; grant.
Isaac H. and Mrs. I. H. Ellingwood to Ellen G.
Butterfield, lot on E line of Choate street, 90 S of
Durant avenue, S 40, E 150, N 130, W 40, S 90, W
110 to beginning, biock 10, College Homestead,
Berkeley; $10.
Mary U. James to Joseph ' F. H. Hotter, lot on
N line of Lincoln street, 100 W of Grant, W 76 by
N 171, being low 8 and 9, block A, Edith
Tract, Berkeley; $5. *'-•..•'
Martin Pen noe le to George Cbristensen, lot 9
and W 11:10, lot 10, block A. map of subdivision
block 23, North Alameda Tract, quitclaim deed,
East Oakland: $5. ..*-■• '
* C. 11. Iracy to Lavenia S. Tracy, lot on N line of
Francisco street, 260 W of Grant, W 60 by N
135:4*/_, block 2, State 'University Homestead
Association No. 4, Berkeley: gif".
Builders' Contraots.
F. H. Mangels with Martin Garrick, plastering a
three-story building on the corner of Market street
and Van Ness avenue; R. Zimmerman, architect;
$-.177.
F. H. Mangels with William F. Wilson, plumb
ing and gasiltting. same; same architect; $2845.
Blai che E. McGivern with W. H. AT. Kinread,
all work for a two-story building on W line of Bel
vedere street, 233:9 S of Waller; John McUeury,
architect; $3775. .
Freak of Memory.
One of the ; most peculiar freaks of the
memory resulting from concussion of the
brain that has ever been heard of here
abouts was in the case of Charles E. Lamb,
a machinist, who was struck by an engine
in the railroad yards two weeks ago, and
who has since been in the hospital. A?-'
Lamb came here from Stamford to visit
relatives on Howard avenue. Monday
night, two weeks' ago, he started for the
depot, and instead of going by a round
about route he climbed down from the
Howard-avenue bridge and walked up
the railroad cut. As he was ' passing
the watch . tower, one of the men called
to him to get out of the way of a switch !
engine. He did not do so, and was
knocked down and injured about the head.
'Lamb*' was removed to the emergency
hospital in the Organized Charities build
ing and it was found that- he had been
drinking.- He was unconscious all night
and had to be strapped to the bed, he was
so violent. \"'- ■' ■.-*-;*--
After he was taken to the hospital he
did not recover consciousness | for several
days. Meanwhile his relatives, who had
been worried about his disappearance,
found out where he was. His mother and
his brother came to see him. A few days
ago Lamb began to recover consciousness,
but he remembered nothing that has
transpired in the last ten years. He con
tinually called : for his * echool friends and
seemed to imagine that ,he was back at
school again: ■• ' _*
When his mother visited him be recog
nized her, but seemed puzzled to know
why her hair was so gray. This condition
continued tor several days and occasioned
many odd occurences, but yesterday Lamb
entirely recovered > his memory, and it is
thought he will be able to go home before
long fully recovered.— New Haven Register.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
W.
2
(£!*«
i .1
14
15
25
27
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMER | DESTINATION. |
SAILS.
EamaKos*,. I Baa D1ee0 . . . . . I Apr 27.1 Pier 1 1
faranon... i 1 aanina Bar.. j Apr 27, Sum Pier 2
Pomona i Humboldtßay I Apr 27. 2fm Pier 9-' r-
Aumralia.... Honolulu ! Apr as. Oceanic
Queen.....:. Portland ...... Apr2B,lOAM Pier 24
Jose.... Panama....... iApr 28.12 M P M 8S
«t Paui...... j Nt«TDort ..:... Apr 29. 9am Pier II
Dmaillia.... Vie A Pet tSnd!Apr29, 9am Pier 9
8nn01........ GravsHaroor. ! Apr 29. 12m j Pier 2 :
Del one ..! Grays Haroor Apr 29. 6pm ....:....,
Arwro ...... i:oo» uar..:..: Apr29.li)AM Pier is
Weeott Eel Kiver I Apr 29. 9am Pier IS
Manuosa 5ydney........ Apr SO, 2pm Oceanic
Empire P0rt1and....... Apr 30, 6pm Pierl.i
C0r0na...... : t-iin Dieeo May I,llam . PiMll
Sun Juan.... Cen America.. May 1,12 m P3l PS
Area: a j Oregon ports ; May 2,10 a Pier 13
Btanof Cai t'ortiana : May 3.10 am Pier2l
Enr«6a ..... ■ Newport ...... May »am Pier 11
Orizaba Mexic0........ May 3.10 am Pier 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer | From; | duw
anneoia
Wee0tt.. ........!
Progressist
Pomona.
Kun01.... ....
Del N0ne.......
Araeo.
Crescent City...
St Pau1. ..'...
Mackinaw ......
Orizaba./.......
C0r0na..........
Empire.. ■
Homer
City of PueDla..
Plate of Cat.....
Washtenaw
C1e0ae. .........
Arcata;
KureKa. .........
C010n.....
Ailcefilancnanl
D0ric.......:....
Eanta ttosa. ....
Farallon
i acoraa
Eel Kiver
{Departure Bay
| Hnmboidc Bay
! Grays Harbor .........
G my 8 H ar00r . ...... . . ...
Coos Bay ..".."... .........
Creacen: city.. ..........
Newport. ................
1 ar0ma. .................
| Mexico ......... «.....;
San Diego
: Portland...
Coos way
I Victoria & I'uge-. sound
j Portland.... -
Tacoma
i'rescent City..
I Portland .
Newport..:; v —
i Panama....... .......'....
j Portland ....;....
I China and Japan
] San 'uiesro..
I Yaaulna Hay ............
! 1 'or: land .^^. .
..Apr 26
..Aur 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr '27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr '27
..Apr 27
..Apr 28
..Apr '29
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Apr 30
. aor 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..May 1
..May 1
..May 2
..Slay 31
..May 2
..May 3
..May 3
..Mar 5
Qu>'Pii
- SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. 8. Coast asd Geodetic Survey Tins')
Bui.i,rti*s Published by Official V
AUTHOBITY OF the Supkri-ttkkdent. i
. . Sunday, April 26.
Sunrises ....5.17 (M00n rises
Sunsets ......OS I Moon 5et5....... 4.15 am
.. April-1896. '. .
Time
L \V
Timo
H W
Time
L W
251 3.461 0.7|10.1H 4.9|
26| 4.»5 0.1 ll.iS 4. it
27 1 5.24 —0.4 1 2. 20 4.0
HBi 6.131—0.71 l.al 4.3!
!H Wl Feet'L W| Feet
29i 0.00 6.6 7.M -1.0
80 0.3b 6.tf 7.541—1.0
M
1 1.22 5.5 8.48 ! -0.9
| 3.55 0.4110.071
i 4 '■<<■' 0.8, 10.42!
5.18 1.9 11.19
I 5.58 1.8!
H W FeetjL W
2.24 3.8 642
3.31 .3.6 7.30
Feet
2.3
2.9
4.9
| 4.391 3.5 1 8.32
29
Note— in the above exposition of tbe tides tbs
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt. three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on | the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given ls subtract!
from the depth given by the charts -*.v
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bli-XCH HYDBORRAPHIr! Office, U. 3. N. ■ •*»
Mkrcha-jts' Exchaxoi. >
Ban Francisco. April 25. IS9*. )
The time ball on • Telegrapn 1 1U1 was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon of the 190t*_
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. _.. Greenwich time.
* Uj.- . A. F. Fbchtelbb,
***'• .-•' ■ . - ■ Lieutenant U. S. N.. In chare*-.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY*. April 25.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 61*4 hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co. '•
Slmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 36 hours from Ven
tura: 6810 bbis oil, to Pacific Coast Oil co.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 63 hours from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
•stmr North Fork, Hansen, 34 hours from Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
. Stmr South Coast. Hansen. 20 hours from
Albion: 2500 r r ties and 183 it ft lumber, to
Alb on Lumber Co.. *
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 28 hours from Caspar;
lumber and r r ties, to Usa! Lumber Co.
' Stmr City of Everett. Bucknam, 90 hours from
Nanalmo: 3660 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sous.
Schr Vine. Burns, 70 days from El Triurn'o; bal
last, to master.
*.: V*. ' Cleared.
SATURDAY, April 25.
Br stmr Gaelic, Pearne, Yokohama and Hong
kong ;Oi OS S Co.
stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins «** Co.
stmr President, Nelson, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Nanalmo; Oregon
Imp Co. '
. ship John McDonald, Storer, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. .
- Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hllo: J D Spreck
els A Bros Co. ' :
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Kahului; Alexander
, A Baldwin
Sailed. .'*,-'_:•., •;■-;/
SATURDAY. April 25.
! Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Na_air_o.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwick.
Br stmr Gaelic. Pearne. Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. ; 1*
Slmr Newsboy. Fosen, Usal.
Stmr Eureka, .lepson. San Pedro.
Snip Spartan, Polite, Seattle.
Bark James A Borland. Anderson, Chlgnlk Bay.
jf Schr John DTallunt, Hottiand, Kahului.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielson, Grays Harbor.
Yacht Coronet. James. Japan.
Schr Sophia Sutherland, Smith, Cooks Inlet.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson. ><-'-'V -
Schr Rio Rey, Isigkelt, Nehalem River.
Telegraphic. 7x>X-i
POINT LOBOS. A_rll 25-10 p. -. — Weather
cloudy: wind S; velocity 30 miles.
Charters.
The . schr I William Bowden loads mdse for St
Michaels. Alaska: bark Seminole, lumber on the
Sound for Sydney, 32s 6d, Noumea. 40s— prior to
arrival. *
The Br ship Gantock Rock is chartered for
wheat to Europe.
/ . ■ *** Spoken. 7XX.X.
■ Apr 25— Twelve miles N »V of Point Reyes schr
Muriel, from Honoipu, for San * rancisco.
Domestic Ports.
. BANDON— Sailed Apr *£chrs Eureka and
Antelope, for San Francisco.
TAToo6H— Passed Apr 25— Br stmr Wellington,
hence Apr 22. for Nanalmo.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 25— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Apr 24. - '
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 25— Stmr for San
Francisco. -.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 25— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Apr 23; stmr Alice Blanchard, hnc
Apr 20 via Eureka and Coos Bay.
Sailed Apr 2b— stmt Areata, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Apr 25— Bark Vldette, for
Portland. .
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 25— Schr Daisy Rowe,
hence Apr 18: schr Gotoma, hence Apr 21; schr
Western Home, hence Apr 11. •■ , ' • Vi.';'::
Sailed Apr 25— Schr Ivy. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 26— Schr Mon
terey, for San Pedro. *
Foreign Ports.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Apr 25— Br stmr Belgic,
for san Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Apr Stmr Alameda,
hence Apr 2. . _*
•GALWAY— Arrived Apr 22— Br ship Ananrns,
hence Dec 1.
LIMERICK— Arrived Apr 24— Br ship Claver
don. from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 24— Br ship
Crown of Scotland, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Apr 22— Br ship Dimsdale,
for San Francisco.
HONDURAS— In port Mar 25— Schr J B Leeds,
from Grays Harbor. -[\. >„,
Importations.
." SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 323 pkgs mdse,
28 cs honey, 14 sks dried peaches, 1 bx salmon, 10
bxs chocolate, 4 bxs 23 kegs spikes, 60 boiler
tubes, 35 bdls dried fish, 64 pcs granite. 112 bdls
green hides, 117 bxs oranges. 288 bxs lemons, 2
bdls calf hides, 1 bbl olives, 19 bxs limes.
Redondo— 2 pkgs mdse, 36 puncheons wine, 163
bxs lemons, 584 bxs oranges, 1234 sks barley.
Los Angeles via Redondo— lo9 pkgs radsa
'.'■ Port Los Angeles— 3 cs coal oil. Ics clothing. • ,
ISP Co via Los Angeles— l cs tinware, 1 cs hard
ware, 83 pkgs mdse, ; 65 sks buckwheat, 6cs to
bacco, 15 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara— 3B pkgs mdse, 3 bxs type, 12 bxs
prunes, 2 bxs butter, 2 j cs dry goods, 4 crts scales,
5 bbis tallow, 10 bdls green pelts, I bdl dry hides,
136 bdls green hides, 29 bxs lemons, 6 bxs oranges,
I horse, 3 crts bicycles. ..■•-. „■.::
■*. Nipomo— s36 sks barley.
Arroyo Grande— 26o sks beans.
San Luis Obispo— 9 sks beans.
: Steeles— 5 sks flax.
' Port Harford— l49 pkgs mdse, 4 bxs fish, 1 keg
II tubs 181*. _ bxs butter, 1 kit 1 firkin butter, 38*_
cs eggs, 12 cs cheese, 10 sks dry ablones, 1 bx dry
fruit, 1 bdl dry pelts, '6 • coops chickens, ■ 2 coops
turkeys, 1 sk clams, 13 dressed calves. ".■
: PORT TO WNBEND— Per Umatilla— lpkg mdse.
;■• Victoria— 1 cs gum arable. 2 pkgs mdse.
.: Tacoma west ;of Fargo— 1008 : sks flour, . 3 pkgs
mdse.'-* "v.'---' *. ... ..-■■'- ■-.-.. - '-■'•-
N P R R via Tacoma -374 crts wash boards, 1
bicycle, 1 hardware.
Seattle— 3H9 bdls* bides,' 3o pkgs mdse, 1 bbl
brass, 2 bdls copper, 4 tubs 3 bxs butter, 250 cs
canned salmon, 2 crts bicycles. 3 cs paste, 135
kegs nails. 1097 tons coal, 1 bx fruit, 36 p_gs
pork, 25 bxs fish. 4 pkgs express. 2 ! sks coin, 129
sks bones, 1 bx furnishing goods, 1 pump, 1 bx
shoes. -■-•*• '■ • .■■-■ - : ■- . ■
CPBE via Vancouver— l 2 bxd pianos, 4 crts 2
bxs stools, 3 cs hardware, 20 cs cigarettes, 29 cs
dry goods, 144 cs tobacco, 2' cs paper, 2 cs cotton
sneeting, 1 cs cotton, 2 bdls leather belting, 5 bbis
ammonia, 1 cs ticking, 1 cs calicoes, 5 1 cs hosiery,*
15 cs hats. 22 cs boots and shoes, 29 cs blankets,
12 cs 40 bales domestic cotton, 3 cs yarn, 37 cs
stamped ware, 3 bdls gallon buckets, 66 pkgs stove
pipe, 24 pkgs elbows. .
Anacortes— bOO bdls codfish. : "- • '
Everett— B4s bdls box parts, 10 bdls car strips,
10 sks box cleats, 1200 bars bullion, 116 bdls 131
roils 5 cs paper. • . .
New Whatcom— B4 pkgs " box stuff, '88 bdls
broom handles. • • ;
Tacoma— l69 bbis 41 bxs tallow, 1. bales salt. 1
bx oranges, 8 crts machinery, 1 bxd piano. 100 bis
hops, 18 pkg< mdse, 18 chsts 5 cs tea, 15,000 sks
flour, 1 bx champagne.
' Consignees.
Per Santa Rosa— A Fleischaker; Bisslnger & Co:
Amer Press Assn: Dodge, Sweeney <_ Co; A C Rob
inson; Balfour, Guthrie & Co; Schilling . Co: Wli
merding. Loen <_ Co: Crown Distillery Co; Phila
delphia Brewery: Fredericksburg Brewery: Mark,
Levy & Co: Jordan <_ Co; J tvancovicn <£ Co: Wm
CUne: American Union Fish Co: Slnsheimerßros;-
Daiton Bros: Garcia A Magglni: Ross <£ Hewlett:
Marshall, Teggart <fc Co; H Dutard ; Kiltie & CO:
C K. Whitney A Co: \H timer. Bredhoff A schulz: .1
H Jackson: Baker & Hamilton; M T Freltas A Co;
W'heaton, Breon & Co: Kowalsky A Co; Kills Bros:
H NTllden <fc Co; Brigham, Hoppe<fe Co: George
Barrett; Dairymen's Union; Russ, Sanders & Co;
J H Cain <_ Co; W F Mitchell ; Brown Bros it Co: .
HHeckman&Co: LD Stone & Co: Lai, .Ex
change; B U Rulil <_ Co; Wilson & Baechtel; J E
Prembroke: Harry UnnaCo: D Lew; Southern
California Fruit Exclianga; T X Wll'liams; WH
Wall; J Schloss: C F Wright: J E Pembroke: H O
Greenhood; VV W Montague* Co: Union Iron
Works: Murphy. Grant A Co; Kahn tiros it Co; G
R Starr A Co; Campodonico <& Malcolm: Rutrhers'
Supply Co; Wood, Curtis &Co: W B Sumner & Co;
Gray A Barbieri: Newmark <fc Edwards; California
Wine Association; J ,W Goodwin: Neustadt^r
Bros; W'nittaker, Ray it Co: Standard h'oap Co;
Dunham, Carrlgan ACo Hoffman & Alexander:
Del Monte Milling Co; Haas, Barucn A Co: J B
Pace Tobacco Co: W Mac * ■*
Per Umatilla— Russell Piano Co: Harry Unna
Co; Murphy, Grant & Co: American Tobacco Co:
Levi, Strauss & Co; Mack & Co; Revere Rubber
Co; McQueston it Co; Alaska Packers' Assn; Har
per <& Co: C E Whitney A Co; F A Kimball: Klein
«_ Co; Adams, Booh J. Co: stauft'er A Co; Bartlett
Springs: Carmen Island Co; Blast— gar it Co: WG
Richardson; CW Johnson; X P Aliis it Co: FH
Meson it Co: Liilen-hal A Co: Macondray ..Co; A
S Kendall: Otis, McAllister.. Co: Schlessnger A
Bender: American Biscuit Co; G H Howard; .1 II
Smith; Moore, Ferguson <fc Co: Baker it Hamilton:
Geo Jessen A Co; Jacob Unna<& Co; L Ft-ldmao <fe
Co: Miller, Sloss A Scott: Tillmann A Bendel; W
T Garrett <_ Co; W B Sumner J. Co: Lachman it
Jacobl: Cal A Nev Creamery Co; E Gamier: M J
Hoff; C Eldridge: Wir!«nd Brewing Co; Gladding
A McLean; J X Armsbv A Co: Standard Oil Co; J
Gundlach&Co; B F Miller: A Anderson: HOlsen;
A L Bryant Shoe Co; Cohen. Hirsch <_Co; Martin
Jtteide: F F Davidson; G Camilloni &Co: W G
Hinton; Get. Bros <fc Co: American Union Fish Co:
Langley A Michaels; Wells. Fargo A Co; J C Bauer
& Co: Milani _, Co; A Paladiul: Oregon Imp Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth /"if**.
OCEAN STEAMSHIP.!.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMShIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
direst Class ft.0.00
Second C1ae8....65.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
>Vv' goodall, PERKINS A CO..
■ General Agents.
O. I**.. c&5 2V-
mm ANDPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 18 and 23
State of California sails April and May 23
. From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. _.
__.DA.__, PERKINS A CO., Oenl. Snpts.
*■**. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
; ' 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP IOfIPASI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JSkSL.
IO Broadway wharf, San l'rancisco, as *%&££
follows: .
For Mary Island. Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at y a. ul., April 11.
29, May 11. _9.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.*, Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacorua, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngliam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9.- 14, 10, 24. --'9. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltb
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R_
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wltn
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) Etr. Pomona, 2 p. if., April 3, 7, 11,
15. 19. 2 '. 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East Sao
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., April
1, 5. 9. 13, 17, 21,25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
.A. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
every fourth day thereafter. i .-
For Ensenada, Han Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guavmas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. it.. Hay 3: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. m., May 10.
Ticket otlice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. • _SM_aa»
GOODALL, PERKINS <_ CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
CO3IPAGSIE GENERAL TRASSATLA-TIQUE
French Line to Havre. *
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW).-2 NORTH _»*»_«_
River, fool of Morton st. Travelers by i£___K
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $118. M-.-tj;*.*
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle.,
.- May 2. 4 a. M.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
. May 9, 8:00 _»__
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe ,
May 16, _-.-*
LA TOURAINE, Capt. Santeili.... ; ;.
! '.........May 2*.*, Ba. ic
' K3~ For further particulars apply to >
*-.. --. A. FORGET, Agent,
*>o. 3 Bowling Green, New York*. *
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, & Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. >
SETHERIA-DS AMERICAf STEAM ML
GATIOS .OMPASL
New York to Boulogne (Parte), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
SaUlng from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 a.m.
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin »45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS COOK A SON, Pacific Coast paa.enge.
agents, 621 Market St., S. F. -
WHITE ISTAR USE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWEEN .....
New York, Queenstown -.Liverpool,
; SAILINC* l-VJ-KY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _£»*»
KJ ing to steamer anil accommodations _BB_fi_g|
■elected : second cabin, $36 and $40; Majestic aud
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England. Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street.
under Grand Hotel. G. w. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. if\ u DAYS i TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, fL. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI ay
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tuea,
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
8. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30,
at 2 p. >_ '
Line toCOOLGARDIE. Aust., and CAPETOWN,
S. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agts.,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.-
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAST.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _*-_•_
fortnightly * for the West Indies and tS3B__9
Southampton, calling en route . at .. Oerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, Id connection with the
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg;, Southampton. First class, $195; tlilr.
Stam, 1 987 Ml For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents, .
--'*.*• .. . : ■ . . 308 California «.
VALLEJO, MARE ISL..SD, *BESICIA, PORT
COSTA ASD CROCKETT. ;
STK. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. v.
and 4 p. __, ; Saturday, 10:30 a.-m., 3:30 r. Mi'
' _. , Sunday— p.m.
•4 P. m. only. ■-,-.-■■■
7 Landing-, Mission 1. Pier 3.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 5 P. M, Daily, Except Sunday.
AST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
: STEAMER : .
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters, -
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton,
Telephone J ____ &Q_, C_l. Nay. and Imnt. Co.
_^__^ •n^ILROAO TRAVEI*
BIG REDUCTION RATES BY RAIL
....T0.... "
• ____I___l2__M_i-____i___-l_-^^^;
TUE5DAY...:.....; APRIL 23.
." And Every Fifth Day' Thereafter. *"
Leave from H. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
>':-"--: * of Market st.. at 8 p. X.
Ar fl «— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
QUiUU i.t Sleeper.
■ ....ALSO....
Flrst-class tickets, including berth in Ai A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. " »j-ijLU—
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train- will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermedia!*? stations, nor trill tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
_pgj"*» Through Tickets for l*Hi;et .Sound
point, on Sale at Reduced Kate*.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET- (Grand Hotel
Ticket OlHce), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
. M)Miii:»:« i*a*'l**i<' tfc»Ji**A»T_.
(raoiriu »V_'l**_M.*l
TrwtiiM Iran- ami lire tint* ' <• i»i*»*lve ill
H HAS I'KANI'IMO. .
LIAVP. — Fnow M.incn -3, 1806._— Annrvg
7:«t»A Atlantic linprcs.i, o_i!eu and llast.. 8:45p
7:OOa Litiicia. Vacaville, Rutcsey. Sacra-
mento, and _oddtn_**'a Davis 7:lSp
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
tcga and Santa Rosa 6:l">P
»:**J«a Niks, San Jose, Stockton, lor.c.
Sacramento, Marysfillo, lied Blutt
ami Sundays excepted OrofiUo. ... J*'-.**
*S:3o.\ Peters and Milton *»*■'*
Ma* Lo.i Angeles Esiness. Fre: no, Santa
Barbara and I. < in Angeles - a: **!? r
9:<M»a Msrtlf.ez and Stockton _*_  • i',
U:OOa Vakejo 0: !_*
liOOp Niks, San Juno and Llvcruiore •*•:-•»*
•l:OOp Sacramento River Bterunefli «J»:OOp
tl:-Op Port Costa and Way Stations »~:_ftp
_:OOp Martinez, Ban Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Shiilu UotM »:15a
4:00p Benicia, Esparto, Woodland /
Knights Landing, Slarysriilc
« irof and Saciameiito - ROi4*.a
•1:30 c Niles, Pan Jose, l.ircrmoro and
Stockton 7il»P
4:30p Merced, Berenda, i'-y__ond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno * 11i43a
0:00p New Or lean. l°xpruc_,'i'rcfitio.Ba_crs-
lield. Santa llailmva.l.na Au_clcs,
■mil .g. El Paso, New Orleans and
East lOiISa
5:90p Santa Va Louie. Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 10:15 a
S:OOp VaUejo 11 :43a
«:OOi- F.iiropeuii Mail, Ofidmi and K4*t.... 0:13*
• 6:OOp lliivhiiklm, Nil, sand Man Joso 7:13 a
|7:00 r Vallejo t714-Jp
7:OOpOrcgou l':x|irnss.Sucrniiieulo, .Marys-
ville, lleddin_, Poitlaml, I'n.et
Hound and Last 10:43 a
•JIOiOSp " Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.cs, El Paso, New Orleans
and Fat* ll»<»f
SANTA •-■••.'■•. lUVInIO.N I. Narrow Gauge,. ~
17:43 a Santa Cruz Lxrurslon, t-anta Cruz
and Principil Way Stati. ns *.8:03r
■il3a Ncwiirk.Ceiitervillo,S.iii.losc,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way .
Statious o*3__*
•2»15p Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
'Almadon, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ~ "IliaflA
4:13p Newark Snn .lose and l,os tiatos.... 9:3Qa
LOAM' DIVISION (llilril A loiniMiid Ms.)
U:43a Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) '. I*43**
8:13 a San Jdaa, Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz,
. ; Pacilic Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7tOßp
10:«0- Ban .lose anil Way Stations OiOOv
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*»2:3orSaii Jose, (iilrny, Tres Pinos. fc' ta
Cruz, S-liuaslMonterey ami Pacfllc
(irove ....77} MOriOA
•3::iop San .lose and Pi Way Stations O: .7 A
•4:30r San Jose ami Way Stations »S:08».
3:3<*i- San Jose and Way Statious..' *S:lSa
SiMF Sin Jose and WuyStalious «:3.1.\
ill :..*>!■ San Jose and Wav .Stations __*___!
" SAX LLAN.-KO AND iIAYWAItUS LOCAL.
t*U:UOA 1 i ( 7:15*
K:OOa 19:13 A
iS:S-Sa Melrose, Seminary Park, $]£*
'"•So. FitchbarK, San Leandro \~:\£
SIS.? "- 1 4:-3P
4:0 Op ' * **•:»•»»
.S Hajwards. 7M3P
7:OOp 8:45
8:00p t Runs through to „,, 9:43 P
9<oop ' Kuns through to Niles. 10.30P
WlltlSyJ tFromNUes. Ul______
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FRASCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. J 1:30 *2:*20 13:C0
•1:00 tB:00 •6:00 p.m.
From OiSUKD— of Broadway .— *"6:00 8:00
10-OOa.m. tl2:00 *1:00 t3:CO *3:00 t*LGO
____o£___
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
Sundays excepted. , 1 Saturdays only.
% X Sundays only. **I Tuesdays only. ^
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. -~
SASFR-WCISCO&NORTIPA*
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. if.
BCNDAYB-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. it.
San Rafael to San Francisco. -
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. it.-
-12:46, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. • Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 p. it. and 6:35 p. k.
SUNDAYS— 9:3_, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:l*
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between Han Francisco and Schuetzen Part same
schedule us above. , ... .
Lea re Tnep-wt- Arrive
San Francisco. Iprll 2. San <*'*-<'<„
Week J Sun- _. e «? n , __|o_ Son- I Wkkk
Days. 1 pays, | destination. DA -^ | I)AVS
7:30 am ; 7:*>o am | Novato, 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:10 am
6:10 pm; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pmi 6:15 pm
• Fulton, j *
7:30 am Windsor. 10:10 AM
Healdsburs,
Gevserville,
3:30 pm ' 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 1 6:15 pm
pieta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 6:15 PM
7:30 am | '..-.. 10:10 am
j 7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pmi
3:30 i-m I 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm . and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
■ j I Glen Ellen. [ _.
7:30 am|7:3o AMI Seba . - 110:40 am^0:10 am
3:30 5 :00 pm! Sebl - at0 P OI I 6:05 pm) 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserrilie for stasis Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey ville. Soda Bay and _akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
rln Heights, Gravelly Valley. Boonevllle. Green-
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Port
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Coveio,
Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rat« a.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
, Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
, H. C. WHITING, . aX. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic "^^^^
I~_ * -ff * _r^x***H*^2j-3^
RAILROAD VsV_^__i^ai!/
Trains leave from and arrive tt^_K«^*F_ttCM_>
at Market-Street Ferry. «f*§*s*^*_A^E«
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct n Lino
Leaves every day. at 5 '• *^- car 7' n ? 0 P c ? h &
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers » .Udca-jj
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tor
Denver and Su Louis. .-_--
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
eolid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
ander Harvey s management. Connecting traina
; leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 6 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Last.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery*,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
can. •■ -■■
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street.
- ■ ■ Cbr__ii«u.e _>u-l<i'n_*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commrncing .March 29, 1894.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:CO. *B*oo
•9:16 10:16, 11:45, A. M.: »1:15, 3::0, 4:15,
6:15. ***:O<J. _:».*> p. m.
Extra trips ior San Rafael on Mondays, Wednce* .
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. M.
- SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, and San Rafael -*H:00, *9:00,
"■10:00, 11:3 J A. m. ; **_ _ *i :_O, *2:16, *4:00,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. -Extra trip to Sausalito at
11:00 a. M. -
Trains marked * run to Ssn Quentin. ••12:30
. p. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1 45 P. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station* **
8:00 a. M.* Sundays— Caza ''ero and way stations.
9 :00 a. M. Sundays-Point Reyes ana way station* [
. -.-:-.■■ '■- ■■• '■':. -■■■-•-.
3132
A PUBLIC VINDICATION.
Directors of the People's Home
Savings Bank Exon
erated.
THEIR INTENTIONS HONEST.
*
Henry High ton's Plea lor Justice to
the Characters of the
Accused.
The three ex-directors of the People's
Home Savings Bank— Hiram T. Graves,
A. L. Jenkins and Charles Montgomery
have been officially cleared of any crim
inality in the failure and frauds of the
People's Home Bank.
The indictment against the three di
rectors was for embezzlement in having
returned the Bwanberg and Westpnal note
to Its owners. The testimony in the Mc-
Donald case showed that the note was
given in return for a letter of credit on the
Pacific Bank, and when the Pacific Bank
failed the letter became useless and the
note was returned. On this showing
McDonald was acquitted and the charges
against the others were dismissed. Henry
E. Highton, their attorney, wanted that
fact announced from the bench, however,
and he addressed the court to that effect
yesterday morning, saying.
On May 11, 1894, in connection with R. H.
McDonald Jr., who has been recently tried and
acquitted, Hiram T. Graves, Charles Mont
gomery and A. L. Jenkins were indicted by a
Grand Jury of this City and County for alleged
embezzlement of securities from the People's
Home Savings Bank.
Mr. Graves was a pioneer of this State, where
his father had died, honored and respected, at
a very great age. He was himself advanced in
life, and had neld for many years positions of
trust and responsibility, in none of which had
he ever proved unfaithful or fallen below the
standard of the highest efficiency and integ
rity. In the Society of California Pioneers, in
the Fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons,
in the Episcopal church, in social life, and
among the most solid business men he had
earned and won a reputation which made him
an example to young men and an honor to the
community, j. •-..-.
Mr. Montgomery was a man of mature years,
who had been largely engaged in business en
terprises, and, though at one time pecuniarily
involved, had then received such general com
mendation, sympathy and aid as alone would
have attested his high standing and character,
and must have almost reconciled him to his
losses and temporary embarrassment. He had
not only professed but practiced Christianity,
in such philanthropic directions that, among
the poor, the suffering, even the criminals
whom he had relieved, his very name was held
in reverence, and among all classes of our cit
izens he was regarded with the deepest re
spect. .X •-;.--.'
Of these two gentlemen, Messrs. Graves and
Montgomery, I have spoken from personal
knowledge, which was also the common prop
erty of the public. I have less to say in regard
to Mr. Jenkins, not as implying that he was
.ess worthy of esteem, but because he had been
less conspicuous and his walk in life had been
more strictly limited to private business. He
was, however, unquestionably, so far as I am
informed, a young man of good family, of edu
cation and of intelligence, of excellent capac
ity and of conceded probity.
These three gentlemen, whose connection
with the People's Home Savings Bank had
been assumed at the solicitation of friends and
had extended over a few weeks only, were in.
dieted by a Grand Jury for an act of common
honesty, doneunaer the direction of lawyers of
high standing and character, and which, with
out such advice, would have been obviously
just and right.
In March, 1893, a year or thereabouts before
Messrs. Graves, Montgomery and Jenkins had
become directors, and Mr. Graves secretary of
the People's Home Savings Bank, that institu
tion and the Pacific Bank were in financial
difficulty. The connection between those cor
porations is well understood. C. O. Swan berg
was a director of one and a friend to both. In
order to raise money for the benefit of the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank he guaranteed the
payment of Henry W. Westphal's note for $40,
--000. with interest at 7 per cent per annum, and
put up securities which made the guarantee
and the note itself absolutely safe. On the
part of Messrs. Swanberg and Westphal this
transaction was purely an accommodation.
On the strength of the note, the guarantee and
the securities, the Pacific Bank issued its cir
cular letter of credit for three years upon the
Union Bank of London (limited) in favor of
Mr. Swanberg, who proceeded to Sweden, suc
cessfully negotiated for the face value of the
letter and was about to return to this State,
with the $"40,000 for the People's Home Sav
ings Bank, when the Pacific Bank failed and
its credit was destroyed.
The plan for the benefit of the depositors and
the stockholders of the People's Home Savings
Bank was thus; frustrated, and it follows, as a
matter of course, that it became the right of
Mr. Westphal to have his note canceled and of
Mr. Swanberg to have his guarantee annulled
and his securities returned. This was done, in
the manner already stated, and the letter of
credit was surrendered to the Pacific Bank,
which Intermediately had paid to the People's
Home Savings Bank the interest upon the
note.
Of what testimony there was before the
Grand Jury, on which the indictment was
founded, I have, necessarily, no knowledge or
Information, and I do not seek to convey any
imputation upon tne members of that body
and. decidedly, none on the learned District
Attorney, who has faithfully and intelligently
performed his official duty. But I believe "l
have stated the facts, exactly as they were
and it thus appears that Messrs. Graves, Mont
gomery and Jenkins were accused of embezzle
ment, when, as directors of the People's Home
Savings Bank, they had simply failed to em
bezzle the property of Mr. Swanberg. But the
mischief, the rank injustice, the flagrant out
rage on these defendants did not stop with the
indictment itself.
-■ The period was one of great excitement and
in the midst of many just complaints against
the management of the two corporations mere
was no discrimination between the innocent
and the guilty. Their ..defendant has been
acquitted on this Charge, but while I consider
it my duty thus to refer to him, he has not
been my client and his.defense was early separ
ated from the defense of those represented by
Mr. Jordan, by Mr. Richardson ana by myself
In no way, positively or -. negatively, had
Messrs. Graves, Montgomery and Jenkins vio
lated or omitted any official duty. None of
them had gained one dollar by his connection
with the bank beyond the trifling: salary re
ceived by Mr. Graves for a few weeks for his
faithful work as secretary. Nevertheless, day
after day, week after week, they were cauter
ized in the press, and firmly though they were
upheld by their numerous friends, they were
made objects of popular clamor and wounded
in their tenderest and deepest feelings. Civil
actions, voluminous and searching, -were com
me need in which they were impleaded, charged
with fraud and their property rights imper
iled and for many weeks, at their own expense
they were compelled to stand in court amidst
indignant depositors and stockholders beset
by turbulent and antagonistic cliques, while
they firmly and unwaveringly held to their
resolution, to be used by no man or combina
tion of men, and to resign their offices in such
a manner as to protect equally all who were
interested in the assets of the People's Home
Savings Bank, and to exclude the possible
chance of just or reasonable complaint against
ihamselves. On no facts, for no reason, after
accepting and briefly holding unwelcome po
sitions, and in those positions living up to the
most Quixotic conceptions of their obligations
they were compelled to drain the dregs of in
justice and of ingratitude.
Now, after two years they are free, and their
vindication, legal and moral, is complete
Public justice, as applied to them, has slowly
found its equilibrium. But, though their
wounds may be healed, the scars remain, and
they are forced to realize that even in our
country, there are times when years and char
acter are an insufficient protection against
temporary passion, vindictiveness and sensa
tionalism, and that now, as in the days of
Solomon, the eniemas of Providence are inso
luble by human intellect.
Judee Bahrs announced that he cer
tainly would pronounce public vindica
tion, and he proceeded to do so. He re
viewed the case, and said that the charges
against the directors were based on an
honest effort to save the bank.
The indictments still pending against
McDonald were again nut over, this time
for two weeks. .
Mrs. Rosenthal,
The well-known tobacconist, is now located at
418 Montgomery street. All of her old custom
ers will find the usual high quality of imported
tobaccos and Turkish cigarettes, and new ones
will find all that can suit the most fastidious
tastes All the leading clubs are supplied
from her select stock. "*. » "
__ l -^-__^_-^-J-j-J^^-_-Q-_-^- > _^ '_'. L -_-.- '1 __V -_-_'!,-, ■^^ r 2_-^x7v-J,'-.7-J-- X - 7 _il__' ' ■ NEW TO-DAY. ■■'"-' "■■_ _ _ r _-^ J - IJ -;: '-[ -, '^A-_ -_.,
1-JW t W_^__< , --'< I W^ -i_T "■ 2~ " ' Ii j_ " _IT' r " '■T '" "'■Jt ' ' Ti^ """ -"•*• ■■""m ;l ' ; ■!_ '" .Trtr " ' ' --'*"• V <_V '"'-r «- J tn* g. ; '"''-^m " '**«r'i ' ___**''' "*"***• ■'■**"■•'' '*•**»•**-—-**•*>_.• _rn_, —^ << _ ll| __-- ~" ' ' "^
0 MAY FOR FLOWERS. I (>-_ v fe^fcf-?r ._\V ' • - Jir. c I '" Oakland has her fiesta- 0
x "-"„_„ ;.^_^v„rs'.„r.v I ' --^^ iJ__JiLj_\X^iC^ _^i_^^^?^ S I SAN J0S *- HER flower car,, •#
V What more than beauty in them lies g -^^ _-3TS*-^^^J V I^<7r~~Y\ _9_^^x^^^mty^^iA^^^^l i^l if^= 3[f^\3<^<(. CxTT*/ i\^*N=r ® NIVAL — HEALDSBURO HER y
O To fill the heart's fond wish." « S^ B R^C_ TJ *^b fi |__t-i _a«\ %f Al^ _ft^^"^ \l POSP PPC "'- ; ' u ' vr **- ,J ««*^ X
O MAY IS THE MONTH that in- § ll>jJmUr] i ".. I_l*r>> "\ g'* *- -"5* agr ' « *>*-* QBLES HER ROSE CARNIVA , A
& vites you out of - doors. The 1 *^T^4g£4 ? V?_M _Ml--%**»fo-_i-»_B_r. . ft 1 -™« And San Francisco her own J
blossoming plants, the greening f »cj • " •^ShK^ \<f .-« (, ,^PW^*' _^ ' i^^--.,-^*^.^ \<fs< | Bi 2 Cosmonolitin -<t v
jj! h.lls, the happy bird notes, all r_a\ .. -■*- « -+7Tj^ y t•* ' i . s* ' > '-Hfl-B ' _wi* •*_>, \ -- .it i* ywrr ' i. m _______*____T^Sv *- 7 ;V 1 -i" the ladies lull find suita-le 111
hilla, the happy bird notes, all | -f" ft f^W^<_3^^lP«^l^^^l^^ie * a " the laJi - "„ find Suable '
M y tell of the Summer time. ARE I - -. * JS'ifiki^U^^&^^^k^^^^J^^ I^^ 1 dress **-*« to wear i" these^en- i-
YOU READY? If not cannot we 1 ,<" «^ t\^^^__-^^|i^^^-^f»S?9^fe 1 d « v »^, of beauty and bright 1
il hep you? We carry a stock for ! . . .-^^..Jpf,^ mP^^M^^llmKi, » 1 »««• Carnivals come and __1 i
out of San Francisco as well as I .SWkrSi^i^Wry H'.,^^miT^^%^^lW^^Mßp^ 1 ™^ bloom, fade and die-but W.
Ml home. Dainty stuffs -to adorn $ J?/?*, vtQ--S_K>T-^ \\K }^\ / o^\<r/f 3 l\\ s\ V&h VJY<F£?<o^m]Jl2ffi ® the rich and m _.i _• 11
■f beauty -Swisses-Lawns-Dim- 1 4_##r ft J__rß)_M W^^^\Cm\ , 'V^_^ I stuffs at HAL IT V l"""""
I -.• r. i _ i- .•,.■*»•:■:-• «^tl C-^- 2 ****!] 1//**^ o X'*lM^te—^A_S®**f*, l->Ww_ Ai\\\v_7fY7)li a"S) ® s»iuirs at nALbS wash, wear VJ
M .ties -Ducks- Grass Linens- | l^^VWM' »\ " *S^^^ W^^Ml ** *Mw \' I % ')__" I and grow brighter. TO THE
** r Percales-Muslins etc. All the | * . ']>/ -SC^ W, ' \-V^SSSSSSSF 9 *•*»"^fflW • V^V jl^J I ' SUMMER DRESS AND WRAP
iU pretty hatchings found ,_ first- S o,,UW\^*^%X / A fp^_^f__H9_^ "« * /W® • r¥\*^ 1 EXHIBIT -TO THE BRIGHT-
••• class stores of warm duties are S >^ l ]/f/,^ v l^T // ? \^ C^^S^^flS^o*^-.- *-**?- -—^l^^^S •> 1 W'r I NESS AND READINESS OF THE II?
ffl here-here in abundance. | ? " , f W^^^^^^^^WW^Wi Wlflw^'' I • WHOLESTOCK - WE LCOME! ]][
1 dress|q_ods.: 1 *^,y|?W^^^ LADIES^VRAPS. II
HI The best of the world of fashion is gathered |> "■■> '" '' . ■ '. -'"•""«' *- *^^ V. , ® The true artist works with scissora and iii
[ here and qualitiM that provide for the capacity ®®®®®®<^^ needle as well as with chisel and brush. A W
a„ A cK Fl c rar „ - „ : i" HOSIERY SPECIALS FROM ALL SOURCES. WASH GOODS &%& =■ °~T~ * " " i||
jj { BLACK FIOUBEI) MOHAIR, a swell :_.... V- '.' -,•—■___..*_#• \' a>^..> .. .-..X,;*- BO LATitks' n_-_--r,--. -.^ --, VI
Jii English Suiting. 38 inches wide, a CAC AND — — - ' . ' _-__A__* ___?fc „?„ CHEVIOT^ JACKETS, in
441 brilht, lustrous finish and all new de- t)U .. . Ai*«iU . . -— — — - ...FROM... olacfe and navy blue, ripple back, self- HI
iff signs. Our price.;....... Yard MAI F'*^ rflD^PT^ _„ This week we quote Flve-Dollar Skirts for Three Fifty-Five-Dollar Jackets for DA n /-*IMAT.ni IC.* 8 - ttCh is **" -^n^SiS^2_SB3__2 Rf
J I BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR ENGLISH . lIALB 3 LUKoCIO. Three Fifty-Gents' Shirts that are bargains at fifty cents for Thirty-five-Ladies' D ARQ AIIN A FULIO. sizes 3. to 44. uur price J_ac__ ]][
111 ARMUBES, an extra heavy quality, rjrc __ i! ntler Vests that were made to sell at fifty cents were damaged and are now LADIES' CAPE* in"T7r"t-_~«- -,-,,. ill
m 45 inches wide, beautiful designs. tO ._•_.■______'__■_, Twent y-«ve-Twelve-and-a-half-cent Muslin for Nine Cents-Fifteen-cent Towel ing- ~ velvet collar , «rt cloth ...
° urprlce . * ••*...•• Yard The Hosiery section is at the height of Its for Ten Cents-Twill Suitings worth fifty cents for Twenty-five-lndia Silks, regu- Drifts of snowy Swisses-billows of breezy straps and trim.,.",/ with ?*&* but^ <_>-7. 80 Wf
ill „ FA vv ■PRrvni'sFßOP in hinrtr usefulness. We keep the honest, wearable lar dollar kind, for Thirty-fire Cents-Shelf Paper. Tidies, Combs, Laces Lawns Lawns-mountains of goodly Ginghams. Our tons; come also in navy blue. Our $> /_ {
SSt i_d navy bluerfull SS inches wide a©l .OO f»«-ts*y««know. As to our Corset reputation, Flannelettes, Corsets, Etc.. all at very special prices, and some for only one day. ' Wash Goods counter is a fairy white city P 1 -*-*- ;.. Each
||f most sensible fabric for spring dresses. «Jp± !if you don t know ask your neighbor. : ■ C'X-XXX- where the taxes are Just end common-sense LADIES' CAPES, in tan covert cloth _> lf\ on Iff
111 Ourprice — Yard - ''• . , rules. Its name is Bargainapolis. military shape, velvet collar, entire 10— _ I "
{}} PRINTED WARP SILKS, H^SW^SSS^ Sfe^l 6 ° LADI ,^ I ?-? PA « ATI ? SKIRTS. In t blac*. bnUiantine, 5 yards wide, rustle 0.50 — Cape braided all over^Our price... Each jjj
Iff 20 inches wide, in light and aarK col- (J£ -1.25 high-spliced heels, double soles and - ore S_!__ 1 ,L ne l *i ng ; - _2 al i "_?_* ' bottom wlln velveteen binding; a decided *|)0 SOME NEW DIMITIES called Raiane LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SINGLE Iff
orings. the season's swellest fabric. ! «fo 1 toes, fast black and tan shades. * Our ZO bargain at 5. Our price for Monday only *............... Each 8 ° Dimity* a he"" white spiral cord CAPES, trimmed with braid and lif
«i ° UrPnCe ;•-;______ - Yard PriCe _____ • * Pair » LADIES' JACKETS, in fancy mixtures, 24 inches long, double-breasted -0-50 ■■*_2„CT-:_'_^t?/^_l?S_i2 15° Schla S?S a very7au_ty?-e°c^r S5" 00 IU
Iff CHAMELEON* SILKS, in aline of beau- d.", .50 LADIES' EBENCH LISLE HOSE, fine SVSS^oM.XS BteS32t ° 3^™ d ""e.^ ! ..^..^..^..?? Yard P^e » SS^fa "J
tiful rainbow tints, something very r©l quality, plain or Richelieu ribbed, high- QQIC *»'ueat*s. . Our price lor -londa- only Each ■ . *- . --,_-«- C _._._ .Z7T~: 1H
111 new. Ourprice Yard spliced heels, double soles and toes, fast 00.1 UNBLFACHFD vnaTIV . „__, and „ ■„.,„_ «„„ nn.ii*- «« h-_ . - m -.„ PERSIAN DIMITY, a most dainty ef- LADIES SEPARATE SKIRTS, in
i*s black and tan shades. Our priced Pair .^liilfS. _-__^__i__l__l_? ** ««»■»*.«' <»«e*^«. M» QC feet, a fine sheer weave, pretty dots black figured mohair full shape, lined ©Q.OO iU
Iff FANCY SATIN STRIPE DRESDEN * ' '" regular 12% c grade, _pecial price _■ and stripes, more than '2o shades and OKC throughout with rustle percaline, ele- &•_»—_ ••■
][ SILK, 21 inches wide, all new colo?- A "l .50 HALES KID-FITTING -CORSETS. .* , GLASS TOWELING. 24 inches wide, extra fine grade, good absorbent; regular 7aC patterns Dimity is swell stuff for AO gant value.. Our price. Each Iff
ill p -^Ity effect, heavy ouality.^l— . I^^^-^^ ' w 15c kind. Special price ' fT....:. B *?^f^X 10° ° v*u * P* ice *_l___ d LADIES' SINGLE cI_TH CAPES. 111
m _-.-_Jt_^"^T^_r^'__, _* a d id 6 e^. a "™. '".tf^S " * shl__ ww apppp' _, t . -.-k-^-tc: 2? S^^ :*; — 7 „_- »tr.pe pique cord, fleece Yard GRASS LINENS-Every day brings new- 1 OIC double-faced goods, high collar, 20 « -..0 Iff
... FANCY SATIN BAR PLAID SILK, <J»] .50 nroiaerea top. *Jur price i_ach back; the 12i_c quality. Special price O3 can tell them from pure linen; in col- I^B larpe pearl^buttons, very stylish Our 4— _
ill _^^^A^W_^^.!!r?^:^vS H^re_\U^ F n" TIN ,?t CORSET CO L- ' WHITE CHECKED NAINSOOK AN*F^i_"ED LAWN, for summer gar! *$ I ' ored dots and stripes_Our price Yard price '..J. * Each If
fff l^hS •_,. , "* Jl> ' M,e - n,L ?"? 1 ments; value 81/3 C. Special price .*... O NEW PERCALES-This is the latest ar- 4*4
"TF _ , „-_„ h HV h J__ n , c'e ' e f x , tra 8l^ nX t l , * cl -' /f X, «„ --_, Yard rival in the Percale household. 36 «ff
Jii . . .".rtt^r-^^-o;- , '»: ium, I 0Q * ? -ft!* 50 GENTS' UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS, made of heavy muslin, re-enforced front OFLC : inches wide, [clonded. effects, dots, 1 QIC Tft TITV CHI *_* ill
M TO miTMTDV Pi*ll l* H^r.H'V/^ n.?- -S!l' 8 k embrol - SP-Ji— - and shoulders, four-ply linen bosoms; they fit. they wear and are worth 50c or OO stripes, figures, ICO kinds to pick from. I*^3 I*U WIY rULK.. it.
TO COUNTRY FOLK. deredtop. Our prices Each ,6c to anyone. Special price ■»■■—: ........:.., Each Ourprice... „.;..;. v ...,;..,y^. Yard Our advertisements appear on the last page fjl
II The mails make us all neighbors, you know. HALES KID-FITTING CORSET, long- LADIES' BLACK CORSETS, covered with fine sateen, closely boned, silk- *7CC DUCK SUITINGS AND PIQUES-This of "The Call" every Sunday, Thursday and Vi
.ii Write for our new Catalogue. Perhaps you'll est walsted Corset made, covered with stitched embroidery top; were ?i. Special price . 'I 0 ■ is what you can afford for the carnival. Friday mnrnincr Al..v«fr.«h rri.n -.-, !!
lit find after a trial that buvinc- by Mail Order is fine sateen and boned with horn bone. fl_O.oo • -1 «__*-•—— Pair You'll be 111 It with an outin« suit. -A 1 QIC »-ri_ay morning. Always fresh, crisp and new 111
fff ,maa " er " xr,a - xnaiDuymg Dy is long over hips, small in stomach, silk- -|>Z LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON UNDERWEAR, Jersey ribbed, good heavy O-C most complete assortment, all new and IZ3 inducements offered. Perhaps you bad better 444
Iff as satisfactory as a personal call. stitched, color black ordrab. Ourprice Each quality, shirts finished with crochet neck and front; regular^soc quality! but Zo exclusive. Our price Yard look for 'em. Iff
Jil <> _^_-_ _-_ > _ f -_^_ yv , r>^^ slightly damaged, so special price  Each __ __r_r_o_-_r-_r_r-_r_,-. ■______■ ___■__■___!_ - . _'-*'-*'-. ill
111 >_, * TWILL SUITINGS, a very special line, all wool, very heavy, 37 inches wide, in O'C __ .7 "2x27: __j
TTT f f^ __r*flTt- ; all popular shades; worth SOc. Special price every day this week......... -*-<> ♦**^ €58
t_^ "X / ./_& _^ _•*'•'■__ PRATED INDIA SILKS, our entire line of Printed India Silks, light and dark OCC _/ / _*■_ _^**^**\^ 1
■& » /_T * Jxm _^* _T _y colors, floral designs and fancy stripes, full 24 inches wide; the regular I*l a OO /* / / >X _X^ _f» V kzS.
X X»__/ __l jf __r OC^ yardgrade. Special price until sold yard \ / / // -W
Jf _^a-____B-> V_f _^** y _fcr *pi | - r . _^ /i.^^_> 1 -*--**___ _^*"****" SHELF PAPER, royal lace edge, colors blue, white, yellow, pink and red, comes /|C / /"" _**^ - "S# _^^ /Tta* X _**lO^*^S _-«—». _. _» *_»
#» i^ y^ mm / ST _^_^ _^J J_r _r J^lS^ m in rolls 10 yards long and 12 inches wide, neat and pretty. Special price 4: .r*-^**** "***-_/ / / / _T __»/ -i' _r _r^ >>*** V* I***1 *** V / 3^
%____^ IT L^_J_L_>_M _>** / _--_X /^_-_^^_^ J £_**/^__f A WHITE ORIENTAL AND BUTTER-COLOBED POINT DE VENISE LACES, OCC ( __T // A >_f Si _X / L __^^_^ _*T £J f / \7
JT -tCSS-^- #■ "*si^^'**"^ "BT* *™^T __Sr_ »'_'* C, rk from 10 to IS inches wide; good value at 50c and 75c. Special price ZO "i' i "*--^ # I^V^ C—* - *^ *H_-- ***^ V^^ \^ *r *^r^ #
g # INCORPORATED^ NEW CREPON FIGURED TIDIES, with fringed ends, assorted colors and 25^ i"" / INCDfiPORATEB A
« designs, very pretty. Special urice ZO ■"■'-' /^ » _>VvJ\'t^_<Ai_&jJ, «£S
0^937» 939» 94 1 * 943^ 945 Market Street. "IS *SS^™ 2 937» 939, 941,943, 945 Market Street. X
TACOMA, PRIDE OF WASHINGTON
Has Grown From a Sawmill Village to a
Great Commercial Metropolis.
TACOMA, Wash., April 22.— Tacoma, the
principal city and county seat of Pierce
County, in the State of Washington, is the
legal Western terminus of the Northern
Pacific Railroad, and here are located the
THE SAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1896.
terminal improvements of that great trans
continental system, which have cost more
than $8,000,000, including the carshops at
South Tacoma, which are among the most
complete in the United States, having a
* 2*»atrtot7
capacity to employ 1800 men. Tacoma
was selected as the terminus of the North
ern Pacific in 1873. It was then a village
surrounding a sawmill, and when
the Government census was taken in
1880 there were 1098 souls in the
place. At the end of a decade 36,006 were
found by the Government census-takers of
1890, an increase of 3179.23 per cent, and
the estimated population is to-day 50,000.
From an insignificant sawmill town it has
become a metropolitan city having steam
ship connections with all parts of Puget
Sound and Alaska, and also with San
| Francisco, California, the Central Ameri
! can republics, and Japan and China. It is
the only city on Puget Sound having direct
communication with the Orient and carries
on an enormous traffic with the Asiatic
countries in teas, silks and rice. It is also
the headquarters of the State grain in
spector, and cargoes of wheat and flour are
brought almost v daily under his super
vision. . Having' a warehouse and elevator
capacity of bushels, grain buyers
and shippers find here all -the facilities for
satisfactorily handling the i cereal products
of the State of Washington, more
than ,75 per cent of the. exports
from . , Puget ? 21 Sound leaving ':•.. the
port of - Tacoma" annually. Formerly the
tea trade of the Pacific was focused at San
Francisco, there to remain jj forever \as the
San Francisco merchants fondly supposed,
but the young rival at tbe north has
changed all that and now fully 75 per cent
of the ;. tea crop brought into ; the United
States comes to Tacoma via 7. the Northern
Pacific - Steamship 'line from Yokohama
and Hongkong. The flourmills- of Taco
ma can make 1200 barrels daily and the ex
ports of flour from this port to Europe,
.Asia and Africa reach 300.0C0 barrels annu
ally. The wheat .is mostly exported to
Liverpool and reaches from four to six mil
lions bushels annually. ' Coal is also an
article :of export < and * 300.000 tons
are sent from here annually to San Fran
cisco. > It is in lumber ■ manufacturing
however, that Tacoma; stands out pre
eminently, and in 1895 she led every other
lumber port on* the Pacific Coast in the
amount of lumber cut and the number of
men employed in the manufacture of it.
In addition to . her i immense • cargo trade]
which ' in 1895 amounted ; to 94,000,
--000 feet, shipped *. mostly :to South
Africa, her % lumber finds a market in
almost every State in the -Union, savins
a - few of the Southern -\ States/ In - the
manufacture of doors and sash; particu
larly of cedar doors, she has a well estab
lished reputation;* and x ships _ them not
only to the middle ; West; and throughout
e _' f^ ngla I* d States ' bui to England,
South Africa, Japan, ; China and - Central
America.- Vast amounts of * shingles are
manufactured^ a,,^; the local" : mills
and j shipped to Eastern States ' where
the . fame, of ; i the i Washington cedar
shingles is known and a -ready
marjcet is found. Other woodworking in
dustries such as a coffin factory, lounge
and mattress factory, match factory, and
tub and pail factory, besides numbers of
others, are doing a profitable business and
employ many persons. : The monthly pay
roll of the mills and factories in Tai-foma is
estimated to be $150,000. A meat-packing
concern 165 feet square and six stories high,
employing 120 men and capable of hand
ling 200 beeves, 500 hops and 500 sheep per
day, supplies the Northwest with a meat
product amounting to $750,000 annually.
Two of the largest • sawmills employ 350
men each and have orders on , hand suffi
cient to keep them running the year round.
The average number of men employed at
the Northern Pacific carshops is about 400,
and the payroll $30,000 per month.
A floating. drydoc_*, capable of handling
the largest size vessels, is in successful
operation at Tacoma and represents an in
vestment of $300,000.: It is used princi
pally by vessels which come into port from
long -cruises: before loading grain. It is
also used |to j some extent by * the United
States Government, a Government ship
being at present on the dock. ; ,
Having maintained a smelter in success
ful operation since 18S. Tacoma has be
come the mining center of the Northwest,
and ores are received here from Alaska,
British Columbia, Idaho and Montana, in
addition to the mineral produced in the
State of Washington, the total amount of
orehandled in 1895 being 34,000.000 pounds,
valued at $750,000, hence outfitters for
the . mining regions make this their head
quarters as outfits are purchased as cheap
or cheaper here than anywhere else on the
coast. Tourists also make this bead
quarters in summer time when making the
Alaska trip, as there is a suDerior hotel
known as the Tacoma amply large to ac
commodate present travel, and another is
in course of erection to cost $1,000,000.
Many 'tourists have hitherto deplored
the lack of facilities for reaching Mount
Tacoma, which is seen better from Tacoma
than from any other place on the Sound,
but this lack is to be supplied by the con
struction of the Puget Sound, Mount Ta
coma and Eastern Railroad, which is to be
built during the years 1896-97, and will re
sult in making Tacoma the headquarters
for mountain tourists.
Tacoma is well supplied with railroad
facilities. Frequent trains keeD running
between Tacoma and points on the Sound
as well as to Portland, Or., and travelers
have choice of the following lines going or
coming: Northern Pacific.G-reat Northern,
Canadian Pacific and Southern Pacific.
Lines of railroad radiate in all directions
from Tacoma. making a . gridiron that
makes it the commercial center of the
Pacific Northwest and the market for the
products of the State of Washington.
Imports of Oriental merchandise to the
amount of $17,711,630 84 were received at
Tacoma in 1895, and the exports of wheat.
Hour, lumber, coal and merchandise ag
gregated nearly $5,000,000. Some 417
deep sea craft loaded at her wharves tak
ing out 652,187 tons of cargo and the cargo
brought in amounted to 102,510 tons. Ta
coma has been recognized as a seaport
by the following governments which have
established consulates here: England,
Germany, Japan, Chile and the Hawaiian
Islands. Tacoma has sixty-five churches,
seventeen public schools," together with
seminaries, universities, colleges, libraries
and other institutions of learning.
Its hotels and theaters are nu
merous and its residences beauti
ful. Tacoma owns its water and light
plant valued at $1,750,000. Its parks are
large, one of them being 700 acres in ex
tent and another of 40 acres in the center
of the city. The mortality rate of Tacoma
is only 6.05 to 1000 population. . The max
imum temperature is 89 degrees, minimum
23 degrees. Rainfall 1895 was 34.72 inches.
Public buildings in Tacoma are the City
Hall, cost $260,000; Pierce County Court
house, cost $300,000; Northern Pacific
headquarters building, cost $150,000, and
the Chamber of Commerce building, which
cost $154,000.
Further information regarding Tacoma
may be had by addressing the secretary of
the Chamber of Commerce.
Samuel Collyer, Secretary.
NEW TO-DAY.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
Ull DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IKON. »t. 75 bans
ANGLE 1K0N.... 2.15 flat
BAM) 1K0N....... 2.00 »*■
Hound Edge Tire Steel. 3.10 flat
Toe " ......... 2.50 "
Plow «■ 2# .>5 ««
German Hammered" '..'..'.'.;*"; 3.75 bass
Pick ■* ......... 4.00 "
Machinery «• 2.03 **
Spring „. -- ........'. 2.50 "
Cold Kolled '•'•.. 3.25 '**
Finished Shafting ..*""""' 3.25 ****
Terms:— Cash. F. 07 B. Cars or Steamer.
JUOSON M'F'G. CO.
, SAN FRANCISCO.
Opjioslte L. s. Mint, 100 aud 10 .j l , •^^•^• **"
'?£__! ** U *>. • Mlnt * 10 t) a**-* 10^ Fifth «•*-. •**■»'
■fit? , c lac '*.Cal.--The most select family hotel la
me city. -Board an. room, *1, ?1 25 and $1 50 Per
-SX'--"- 3001 -*- 1 -* lo room. Meals 25- Kconi-, 60a
?__>, -° *" ? ay ** Pr, coach to and from the hotel,
-*w__.m?_ the c ?** c bearing the name of the Co*
mopoutan Hotel. \y___ JTAHJ-Y. ..oprletos.