VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 3.
HEADING FOR THE QUIEN SABE
Fugitive Dunham Seen in
the Neighborhood of
Hollister.
SEEKING A MOUNTAIN
HIDING-PLACE.
Officers and Bloodhounds Again
on the Trail of the
Murderer.
A FORTUNE OFFERED FOR HIM
DEAD OR ALIVE.
Santa Clara County Citizens Post
Rewards — A Lunalic Leads
Searchers Astray.
HOLLIBTER, Cal., June 2.— Sheriff--
Ballon and Lyndon, with the former's
bloodhounds, arrived on the noon train
to-day, and, accompanied by Sheriff Hol
brook, started for Quien Saoe Valley, four
teen miles east 01 this place. A courier
was sent ahe ad eariy this morning to pro
cure guides and saddle norses. It was
learned from Lyndon that Dunham was
seen last evening crossing the Malarin
rancho, headed for the Quien Sabe.
To reach Quien Sabe Dunham must pass
through Alvarado district, a sparsely set
tled region, where news of his crime will \
not be received for weeks to come. The
Inhabitants are principally Mexicans, who !
would furnish Dunham food or ammnni- j
tion. The same is true of Quien Sabe, but j
the chances of hiding are fewer. Dunham j
can keep along the ridge as far as the New
Idria mines, and thence to Cantna Can
yon, the old retreat of the bandit Vas
quez.
To head him off Sheriff Holbrook has
dispatched Constable Stowell and a posse j
■ to work their way down from Panoohe. i
Holbrook, Lyndon and Ballou will search
the Quien Sabe, through the wild Cranky
one country, while Sheriff Matthews of i
Salinas with his hounds'is working up the i
Tres Pinos Creek to the mines. All peacs j
officers of this county have joined in the
. search.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 2.— Sheriffs Lvn- ;
don and Ballon took the south- bound train
this morning, the former to head a posse I
to foJiow a clew that was struck by Depu- j
iarriner ana Pres Rivers between j
Station and the Mountain House, j
The indications were that the fugitive by ■
nitfht marches was moving south as fast as i
he could.
Along the line several houses have been
broken into, to afford shelter for portions
of the night when the man was not travel
ing, the nights being very cold now in the
mountains. At another point where a
barn had been broken into an old valise
was found. It gave evidences of having !
contained some provisions.
While at Gilroy making arrangements
. to resume the search, Gardner was joined j
by Sheriff Lyndon and Ballou from San |
Ji -c and by Sheriff Mattnews, who ar- j
rived with his hound on the morning j
train from Monterey.
The traces that Deputy Sheriff Gardner j
bad obtained were regarded as of sufficient
importance to warrant the body of officers
in pushing along on that line.
The party of officers took the train at
Hollister and struck out in the direction j
of the Mountain House and Bells station. \
From this point the chase will continue
down the Pacheco Pass in the direction of
th 6 New Idria mines.
It would be a very natural and easy
course for Dunham to pursue in attempt- j
ing to make hi? escape from the place j
where he was last traced at Indian Gulch, j
there being a pass south from that point <
through to Pacheco Pass.
The three Sheriffs are .determined to \
keep out along that line unt.il it is made
certain beyond a doubt that Dunham is
not making his way through any of the
passes south.
C I TIZ ENS O FFER GOLD.
Liberal Subscriptions to the Retcard for
the Monster's Capture.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June One week
Ago, at about the hour when, to-night, an
immense mass-meeting of citizens in the
Courthouse broke up, the bloody tragedy
at Campbells was perpetrated. Leaving
behind him the dead bodies of the entire
" family with which he had lived, together
with those of two of its servants, and still
calling the name of the single individual
of the household that had escaped him,
James C. Dunham, the unsated murderer
of the McGlincys, rode away. The alarm
that was given at midnight spread before
noon of the next day over and awakened
an entire State to active pursuit or anx
ious watchfulness. But he has kept in
' successful hiding while,, it is feared, he
' constantly lengthens the chain that must
bind him to that field of blood at Camp
■ bells tBM
Excited reports have come from every
quarter every hour of every day, giving
• the authorities warning that Dunham
had been seen or that he bad left evidences
' of his presence. In every case they have
been promptly. responded to by searching
parties,' and in every case but one they
' have proved to be misleading. The single
' exception was at Smiths Creek; there
'■ only his tracks were found.
i-'herfff Lyndon and his men have not
passed an idle hour in this time. Return
' ing from a four days' skirmish and bivouac
■on Mount Hamilton .last night, they
started back again almost immediately
• upon an all-night ride in answer to the
most absurd and baseless report of them
all and returned again from it this morn
■ ing. Within a few hours they were off
. again— this time in the direction of th/j
New Idria mine, some thirty-rive miles
• south from Indian Gulch, where the mur
derers horse was found. The lead may or
' may not mean more than any of the
' others. That will be known in a few
hours.
In the meantime, the. citizens of the
county have come together to bold up the
hands of the Sheriff in his efforts, and it
■ ■■■.■■-■ ■ ■ .
The San Francisco Call.
\ was determined at a mass-meeting that
more than filled the rooms in the court
liouse to-night that the rewards already
offered by the Governor and the people of
j Campbells should be supplemented by the
people of the county at iarge until it
roanda out the sum of $10,000.
Handbills were distributed about the
I streets to-day by a corps of messengers
I calling upon the people to attend the
I meeting at the courthouse, and the re
j sponse was euch that crowds were turned
; away. It was a business meeting. M. H.
I liylands presided and District Attorney B.
j A. Herrington acted as secretary. Ad
dresses were made by Dr. D. M. Liv
! ingston, Under Sheriff Benson, Major Will
M. Coulter and others.
Under Sheriff Benson told of the active
and unremitting efforts and personal la
bors of the Sheriff in the field and railed
upon all to lend him their aid in whatso
i ever manner they could. Dr. Livingston
j made an appeal for the honor of the county
1 that men and funds be supplied for the
capture of the demon who Uad destroyed
an entire family of the community and
brought a lasting stain upon the county's
history.
H. M. Williams said there were a great
number of men who were willing: to serve
under th* 1 direction of the authorities in
tbe work of running down the murderer;
j-wouldj -would zo where tney were sent and stay
i until they got their man if they were sup
dlied with liorses and ammunition. Of
; this number himself was one, he said. Tbe
I little address was answered with applause.
Chairman Hylands cut off the speech
j making, sayine: ''This meeting was called
I for a definite purpose. It wa? called for
i the purpose of giving every citizen the op
\ port-unity to show in a practical way his
I individual loyalty to the county and his
I own home. I will not call upon another
: man to make a speech until the subscrip
• tion list is offered and signed. Our homes
I have been invaded; we must bring the
i criminal to justice; a force is needed; it is
! money. The announcement must go
' abroad to-night that Santa Clara County
\ has within it that spirit that is disposed to
I protect its citizens, to suppress lawlessness
i and punish crime. This is no time for
selfishness, no time or place for cowardice,
'no time for meanness. This money must
; be suhsrrbed. A dollar each from 10,000 of
i our citizens would do it. Now if any man
attempts to leave this place without sub
scribing something, mark him."
This was greeted with great applause,
i and a recess was declared for the purpose
lof circulating subscription blanks. Sev
! eral hundred dollars was subscribed, and
a committee was appointed to make a vig
orous canvass and see to it that the sum
I needed was raised. The committee con
| sists of M. H. Hylands, Gus Leon, L. A.
I Spitzer, Frank Baumgartener, A. K. Whit-
I ton, Mitchell Phillips.
Mr. Phillips, in a brio; address, said tbe
I money would certainly be raised; that the
j women of the county, who felt deeply
stirred by this tragedy, would be enlisted,
and their influence would quickly bring
results.
Another of those curious stories that al
ways develop after a certain lapse of time
. in murder cases is being told hereto-night.
■ It runs to the effect that two young men
! were gathering cherries for their personal
J benefit in the McGlincy orchard the night
of the murder. They reached the orchard
on bicycles, and while enjoying the fruit
I had occasion to watch the house pretty
I closely lest some member of tbe family
j should come out and interrupt them.
Suddenly they saw the lights go out.
j They heard no sound, but watched with
greater intentness, anticipating some de
, veiopments. In the course of ten mm!
-! utes, about Ihe period it took Dunham to
murder three defenseless women, the
I bicyclists, full of cherries and cheerful
| ness, made a move to regain the road.
They were held to the spot, however, by
the McGlincy door suddenly opening.
James C. Dunham came out of the house,
lit a cigarette, sat on the porch, and,
j quietly smoking, awaited the balance of
j the family.
The cyclists, merely staving long enough
I to be certain Dunham had not seen them
I and entirely oblivious of the noiseless
• tragedy which had taken place, remounted i
I their bicycles and made for town. The
story is given for what it is worth.
HE PLASNNED DELIBERATELY.
Dunham Arranged Every Detail He fore
'Slaying the JUeGHneys.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 2.— That James
C. Dunham had long contemplated the
deed of blood that has shocked the coun
try, had laid his plans and chosen his
time with careful deliberation, there ie
now no reason to doubt. He fixed upon
the day and made ready to flee. He drew
his money from the bank on Monday,
winding up his account. On Monday he
took his bicycle from Osgood's establish
ment in this city, where it had been left
for repair, and concealed it — no one Knows
where.
Ail this indicates a calm preparation lor
immediate flight. There was no climax in
hi- affairs in the McGlincy household; no
sudden quarrel. His conversation with
the young lawyer. W. H. Johnson, as ro
lated in The Call of this morning, is con
clusive proof that he had been meditating
on the bloody deed for several weeks at
least.
With this perfect deliberation Dunham
left behind some $1400 that was due on a
mortgage he held against a part of the
estate of A. C. Penniman at tho Willows.
Dunham's distinguishing characteristic,
as everybody who knew him admits, was
penuriousness. By waiting a few months
at the furthest he could have secured this
sum, and as he had already waited so long
it seems curious that he should delib
erately forfeit it. His impatience for blood
no doubt overcame avariciousness.
That the loss of this money weighed
upon him there is ample proof in his re
cent attempts to coliect'the sum speedily.
The mortgage was due as long ago as 1594,
but it had been allowed to run . on, as Pen
niraan kept the interest well paid up. In
the latter part of March Dunham gave
notice to Penniman that he wanted the
money. Penniman told him that he
would pay on April 5. Dunham con
sented readily at the time, but a few days
after ho began suit to foreclose the mort
gage. He spent a great deal of time im
mediately alter that in visiting the prop
erty-owner* of the neighborhood, real es
tate agents and others, mating inquiries
as to the value of the property and the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 3, 1896.
Man-Hunters Ascending a Steep Trail in San Felipe Valley in a Search for the Tracks of Dunham, Which Were Imprinted Only on
the Imagination of Wadlams, the Lunatic.
chances of recovering the amount of his
mortgage on a forced sale.
But Penniman employed a lawyer, con
tested the case and won in court a prelim
inary point on a technicality, which prom
ised indefinite delays. Negotiations were
then begun to settle out of court. A ques
tion of paying the costs was pending, but
Dunham avoided Penniman, and the lat
ter insisted that Dunham had caus>xi the
expense and should pay. The matter was
in this unsettled shape when Dunham,
grown impatient with tbe delay, no doubt,
decided upon striking the blow and leav
ine the country.
He was at school on Monday and Tues
day, but he did not sleep at home Monday
night. It has not yet been discovered
where he spent the night. The presump
tion goes that he employed Monday night
to ride to some distant point, where he
concealed his wheel and whence he has
since recovered it and used it as a means
of escape since abandoning his horse.
LEO RY A LUNATIC.
Wild- Goose Chase of Officers to the San
Felipe Volley.
SAN JOSE, Cal, June 2.— A wild-eyed
lunatic seems to be the necessary comple
ment of every great tragedy. Wood Wad
lams is his name in this case. He is the
man who started Sheriff Lyndon and posse
off into the mountains last night before
they had shed the dust of five days'
mountaineering from their shoes. He is
the man who invented the wonderfully
detailed story of Dunham buying a rifle at
Coe's ranch, paying liberal sums for a
small bottle of whisky, of his finding
bicycle tracks on the mountain trails and
over bridges, punctured here ana there
with the tracks of the celebrated pointed
-hoes. Wadlams sprang into notoriety
with that surprising suddenness of the
jack-out-of-the-box, the spring having
been touched.
Sheriff Lyndon returned to town this
morning in a humor to slam down the lid
over Mr. Wadlams and to put a padlock
on it. The posse had an all-night ride in
Continued on Fourth Page.
.' Say, what's the matter with those fellows, anyway ? Do I look as if I'd
kick ? "
DEMOCRATS DON'T
KNOW WHAT'S BEST,
Concede That the 16 to i
Policy Will Prevail at
Chicago.
WHOM WILL THEY NOMINATE?
Teller a Strong Possibility, While
Stevenson May Be Entered to
Beat Morrison.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— The
silver Democrats are assuming and the
gold men generally conceding that the 16
to 1 policy will prevail at Chicago. On
this assumption there is much activity
among friends of the several possible can
didates to get them in the field. The
boom for Vice-President Stevenson, which
is supported in the Senate, is meeting
with considerable opposition in the House.
Though some of the Senators who are
working for Stevenson are among the
most radical silver men, this does not sat
isfy all the silver men that Stevenson 13
firm enough ol their faith to rnufce a suit
able candidate to stand for silver alone.
They object to his lack of activity in the
interest of silver, and say it is not enough
that he should favor silver passively.
What they want is a candidate who has
won fame as a silver champion. The
boom, however, appears to be more sub
stantial than it was first thought to be.
An effort is beiner made with some suc
cess to have him adopted as a Senate can
didate, and some men of considerable in
fluence are behind it. For a long time the
men who are now for Stevenson held off
and could not be induced to adopt the
Vice-President.
Th>>ir desire to kill off the Morrison
boom is an incentive, and with the practical
certainty that the silver men will control
the convention the leaders of that wing
of the party are taking a very decided
stand against any sort of compromise
either as to candidates or platform. Mor
rison stands in the attitude of an "avail
able ' compromise candidate, who, being a
gold man, would approve silver legisla
tion. In the fear that having many
friends among the silver men he might
develop great strength if supported by a
gold minority, the radicals want to get
him off the track. The most obvious way
to accomplish this is to boom Stevenson
as the Illinois candidate. That, and the
fact that Stevenson has many friends in
the Senate, have given the Stevenson
boom a biir start. Many who are willing
that. tbe Vice-President should be used to
kill off Morrison are fearful that Steven
son might develop too much strength, and
a quiet but very earnest movement of
counteraction has been started.
*»The great; fear of the radicals is that
if a man of not very pronounced views is
selected as candidate his influence will he
exerted toward harmonizing the party by
softening the silver declaration. They
want a man whose name, regardless of
platform, would mean free silver at 16 to 1,
and would be free from any temptation to
make friends with the other side. Most of
those who do not take to the Stevenson
idea are talking Boies. There is more
talk of the lowa man than any one else.
There has developed a movement for
Teller which is more serious than the idle
gossip which has been indulged in hereto
fore.
The discussion of a bolt at the Chicago
convpntion has now turned on the problem
of what the gold men will do. The silver
men are trying to confound the adminis
tration people with their own arguments
against bolting, bnt tbe Bilver men prefer
defiance to conciliation. The declaration
of Mr. Harnty that Democrats must stand
d.v the party no matter what the conven
tion does is being repeated by Hill, Brice,
Lindsay, Grey and the rest of the gold
Democrats in the Senate, but none of
them believe that the voters can be held
against their convictions on this question.
SILERD MEN CONTROL.
Kentucky's Convention Will Store the
Cleveland Administration.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June 2.— Nearly all
the delegates to the Damocratic State Con
vention, which meets he.re to-morrow,
have arrived. The silver men scored a
greater victory than they anticipated, and
they scarcely know how to use the strength
with which they have become so suddenly
endowed. About fifty stanch silver lead
ers assembled in Blackburn's headquar
ters, at the Senator's request, and for two
hours talked the matter over. After two
hours' debate it was decided to not cen
sure President Clevelaud and Secretary
Carlisle by name in the platform, but to i
condemn. the National administration in I
as strong language as possible. They
agreed that on the money question the
resolution should instruct the delegates to
support a free-silver advocate for Demo
cratic candidate for President.
The organization of the State Central
Committee will occasion a bitter fLLt.
The old committee goes out of existence
to-night and the convention will form a
new one. Many of Blackburn's friends
were gold-standard men, and it seems that
Blackburn is in favor of recogniziug them
by placing several of them on the commit
tee. It is given out that S nator Goebel,
one of Blackburn's strongest supporters
and a sound-money man, will be pushed
for chairman of the committee.
REPUBLICANS OF MAINE.
{ They Will Send Delegates to St. Louis
. * . riedgrd to Reed. '.
BANGOR, Me., June 'I.— The Republi
cans of Maine met in convention here to
day. The assembly wad called to order by
J. H. Manley, chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee, who introduced Harrold
M. Sewell of Bath as temporary chairman.
In his speech Mr. Sewell said among other
things:
"The Republicans of Maine join their
brethren of other States in presenting a
candidate whose. platform is already writ
ten—written when he declared that the
•proudest' part of the proud record of the
Republican party is its devotion to the
cause of found finance,' written in the rec
ord of his life— whose nomination means
election, whose election means Republican
supremacy not.for four but for twenty-four
years to come. ■ ■
"Master of himself as the nation knows
him to-day— his lips not sealed in silence
when silence is dishonor, nor opened to
words that are meant to have no meaning,
his lofty spirit unawerved from its high
purpose even for the price of the Presi
dency itself, conservative without com
promise,' brave without rashness, un
daunted to-day as he has been undaunted
ever— l need not name him. He leads in '
your hearts, and there has been a vacancy
in that leadership since. ■ Broken-hearted
you turned ; from the death bed of • Elaine,
and in the full glory of his record and tho
promise of illimitable achievements yet
to come you centered your pride of State
and party fealty upon Thomas B. Reed.
His name your chosen delegates carry to
St. Louis, and to guide their actions there
they need only the instructions of their
hearts."
Mr. Sewell's reference to Reed carried
the convention by storm.
At the close of his speech the temporary
organization was made permanent, and a
snort recess was taken to enable the
county delegations to select representa
tives for the different committees.
The platform declares in favor of "the
restoration of that Republican policy of
protection taught by Lincoln, illustrated
by the signal prosperity of the country
Continued on Third Page
PRICE FIVE CE2>TS.
LIMITS ISSUES
OF GOLD BONDS,
Consent Must Hereafter Be
First Obtained From
Congress.
SO SAYS THE SENATE'S
MAJORITY.
Grover Cleveland and Secretary
Carlisle Receive a Rather
Severe Rebuke.
CLOSE VOTING ON TEE BILL
AFTER THE DEBATES.
Amendments Defeated and the Meas
ure Passed by Thirty-Two to
Twenty-Five.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 2,-An
eight hours' session of the Senate was
wound up to-day by the passage of the
bill to prohibit the issuance of interest
bearing bonds without tbe consent of Con
gress. All amendments with a morion to
postpone were voted down by a majority
of seven, and the bill was passed by a like
majority— 32 to 25.
A speech was made early in the day by
the chairman of the Finance Committee
( Morrill of Vermont) on the Dinglev
emergency tariff bill. In his remarks he
intimated that Democratic Senators were
so much afraid that tbe Populists were
going to get the better of them that they
hurried to become Populists themselves
by voting for tbe free-coinage substitute to
the Dingiey bill.
The conference report on the Indian ap
propriation bill (as to Indian citizenship)
was discussed from tbe close of Morrill'a
speech until 1 o'clock, when the morning
hour expired, and the bill to prohibit the
issuance of bonds without the consent of
Congress was taken up.
To that bill an amendment was offered
by Aldrich of Rhode Island to add the
! words, "unless in case of emergency it is
necessary to preserve the public credit."
The bill was advocated by Brown of
Utah and Teller of Colorado, and was op
posed by Allison of lowa and Chandler of
New Hampshire. Cannon declared that
the great beatir>g heart of tho intermoun
tain States was for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver, and took for its leader
Henry M. Teller of Colorado— not John
Sherman of Ohio.
Allison characterized the risk of a re
lapse into the conditions which prevailed
between 1861 and 1879 as a most unwise
aim unjust thing, and said that no part of
the pe>ple of the United States could be
benefited by such a relapse.
Speeches against the bill were also made
by Burrows of Michigan and Palmer of
Illinois.
Then the voting began. All the amend
ments were voted down, the bill was
passed, and the Senate at 7:10 adjourned
until to-morrow. '
GREAT HATTLE OF DEBATE.
Alhson and Other Leaders in the Senate
Talk Finance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2. — The
Senate met an hour earlier than usual to
day in order to cive a longer time tor con
sideration of the bond bill. In his open
ing prayer the chaplain referred to the
fact that the Vice-President would bestow
in marriage to-day an estimable daughter,
and invoked divine benediction on the
!.apny pair.
A partial conference report on the gen
eral deficiency appropriation bill was pre
sented and agreed to and a further confer
ence ordered.
Senate bill to promote trie efficiency of
the militia was reported from the Commit
tee on Military Affairs by Hawiey (R.) of
Connecticut, and was placed on the calen
dar after a few explanatory remarks.
Every President, he said, from Washing
ton down to the year 184;», had railed
attention repeatedly to the lnerficiemy,
the utter use'essness of the old law requir
ing the enrollment of every single man
irom 18 to 45 years of age. That law had
die) out. Then there nad grown up a
sys.ern of National guards throughout the
States. This was practically an organized
militia, and the other was practically a
reserve militia. The bill now reported
proceeded on the theory of recognizing
what is in fact in existence, put in the
form to repeal the rubbish of the old law.
There were some delicate questions in
regard to tne use of the army, out this bill
hu»l nothing to do with the amendment.
It was simply a business reorganization.
It would not come up this session, but
he ha>l desired to make these remarks in
order to forefend possible misapprehen
sion.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire offered
a resolution instructing the Judiciary
Committee to inquire into matters in tbe
Southern Judicial District of Indian Ter
ritory, among other things, the receivers'
certilicates by authority of the court for
the construction of the Deiuson and North
ern Railway. The matter went over with
out action.
In pursuance of notice given yesterday
the Dingiey tariff bill was laid before the
Senate, and Morrilt (R.) of Vermont, chair
man of tbe Finance Committee, addressed
the Senate in relation to it.
"When Congress met here in December
last," he began, "all Republicans were
supposed to be agreed, in view of. the fail
ure of tbe Wilson tariff bill in supplying
sufficient revenue, to add to tue receipts of
the treasury thirty or forty million dol
lars by amending the existing Democratic
tariff. They knew it could not be done by
a plenary and thoroughbred tariff bill so
long as the executive department was un
der Democratic control, nor so long as the
leadership of the Senate Populists wabbled
between tbe learned and iridescent farmer
of Nebraska and tbe veiled prophet of
Kansas. All knew, however, that any tar
iff additions would afford some incidental
protection. The tariff bill of the House of2
Representatives at the present session pro
posed this and very little more.
"The Democratic party might well blush
for having proposed in time of peace a
clumsily made income tax. But after its
defects had been exposed and the law ig
nominiously thrown overboard by the Su
preme Court the party mi^ht have well
admitted without a blush that there would
be a shortage ot $30,000,000 to $40,000,000
of revenue. Otherwise the party mus-t
concede that it had maladroitly attempted
to obtain $30,000,000 to $40,000,000 of unec
essary revenue.
'The Democrats," h« said, "had broken
away from the leadership of their Presi
dent, and while marching to the drum and
life of a North Carolina captain were in
such dread lest the Populists should get
control of their party that they seemed to
be in a hurry to become Populists them
selves. ' He spoke of the free coinage sab
siitute as having been attached to the
House bond bill by the Democrats and
Populists of the Senate in sheer mockery
and as uncovering a purpose to stampede
the country to silver monometallism.
Passing briefly over the rejection of the
tariff measures presented by the Repub
lican party, and particularly of measures
having a tendency for the promotion of
the sheep industry, Morrill devoted his
remarks to the question of tne free coin
age of silver, and said that as there had
already been elected to the St. Louis con
vention between seven and eisrht hundred
sound money delegates, and less than 100
who favored free coinage of silver without
the co-operation of any Government, or
who wanted the pockets of the American
people to jingle with silver only, it was
very certain that the platform of the Re
publican party in 1896 would place every
dollar of our money in circulation on a
parity with the best dollar in the world.
Alluding to thedivisionsamongthe Demo
crats in some States and among Repub
licans in Colorado and Idaho, where a
i as spoken of if the St. Louis conven
tion did not sufficiently recognize the
claims of the silver men from those States,
Morrill said they were all of agre and had
the right in a Presidential race to "go,
bolt or burst," as they pleased.
Continuing at some length his argument
f>.s to the inefficiency <-f a silver money
standard, Morrill i-aid in the concluding
portion of his speech:
"Bimetallis.n is nothing more than two
metallism, though sometimes industri
ously and artfully used to mean the un
limited free coinage of gold and silver, and
was first used by Cernuschi, a distin
.guished Frenchman, soon after Germany
and the Latin nations had lost confidence
in the stability of silver money, who then
began the agitation of a larger useof silver
among nations. When this prominent
leader of bimetallism visited this country
some years later he was invited by me as
tbe honored guest to a dinner party, and
his advice then was against the free coin
age of silver without the co-operation of
' other leading nations, as no nation was
competent alone to handle so large a
question. M. Cernuschi has reiterated
this opinion several times since. If the
United States starts in this desperate sil
ver risk alone of course we shall be d -
feated, and silver will be further humbled
and will take a lower position in the esti
mation of all commercial nations.
.'•Certainly an invitation from commer
cial nations to join in a co-operative agree
ment for a larger money use of silver
would be accepted by a Republican admin
istration and it would be more desirable
that the United States should receive
rather than offer the invitation, as the
American production of silver is compara
tively so large that any initiatory step on
our part might subject us to the charge of
being inspired by the thrifty purpose of
securing a better market for our annual
product.
"Were it as certain as some extreme sil
ver advocates represent that no co-oper
ative agreement amons leading nations
for a larger use of silver can be obtained
that fact alone would be a cogent and sul
hcient reason why the United States
. should decline to stultify itbelf by embark
ing single-handed in an experiment so
reckless and so distrusted as to be shunned
and coldly rejected by the statesmen, of
every enlightened nation."
At the close of Morrili's speech the
emergency tariff bili was again placed on
th« calendar.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama, from the Select
Committee on Nicaragua Canal, presented
a report, which was ordered printed, with
a bill, which was placed on the calendar,
and he asked unanimous consent that
Monday, December 14 next, be fixed for
the consideration of the bill, but objection
: was made by Pettigrew (R.) of South
Dakota.
■ The conference report on the Indian ap
propriation bill was taken up and Vilas
■ (D.) of Wisconsin made some additional
remarks in opposition to that part of the
report which imposes citizenship on the
Indians of the five civilized tribes.
George (D.) of Mississippi also continued
his speech of yesterday against the report
and was still speaicing when, at 1 o'clock,
the morning hour expired ar.d the bill to
prohibit the further issuance of interest
bearing bonds without the consent of Con
gre.-s was laid before the committee as the
unfinished business.
Brown (R.) of Utah took the floor to
continue his speech begun yesterday in
support of the bill.
Aldrich (R.) of Rhode Island moved to
amend the bill by adding to it these
words: "Unless, in case ot an emergency,
it is necessary in the opinion of the Presi
dent of the United States and tbe Secre
tary of the Treasury to issue such bonds,
in accordance with the provisions of ex
isting law, to preserve the public credit or
to meet obligations of the United States
created by such existing law which con
not otherwise be met. and all such bonds
when so issued shall bo be offered at pub
lie sale."
Brown asked unanimous consent to
have the resolution offered by him yester
day, declaring further bonds that may be
issued under the resumption act illegal
and void, voted on immediately after the
vote on the bond bill to-day, but objection
was made and Brown proceeded with his
argument in favor of tbe bill and in advo
cacy of the free coinage ot silver.
.';, Cannon, the other Republican Senator
.from Utah, criiicizc-d somewhat the posi
tion of hi 3 colleague. They had voted
differently on the Dincley emergency bill,
which he (Cannon) denounced as an in
iquity and monstrosity. He declared the
-great beating hearts of the inter-mountain
. States were for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver, and tooK for their leader
on that question Henry M. Teller rather
than John Sherman.
. Allison (R.) of lowa, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, expressed
his regret that so much time had been oc
cupied in the closing days of the session
jn the discussion of a bill which it was
known cculd not pa3s at this session.
There was no doubt that the silver
Senators agreed that the power of borrow
ing money rested in Congress alone and
not in the President.
At this point, at 2:40 p. m., a message
was received from the House announcing
the passage of tne river and harbor bill
over the President's veto, and Vest (D.) of
Missouri asked unanimous consent to
have the veto message taken up for con- j
sideration immediately after the passage
of the bond bill. To this, however, Sher
man objected until some arrangement was
made for a. vote' on the rilled-cheese bill.
"If trie Senator from Ohio," said Vest,
"wants to take the responsibility of ob
jecting he can do so, but be will get no
agreement about the tilled-cneese bill. I
give notice that I will move to take up the
veto message to-morrow morning."
Allison proceeded with his argument
against the bond bill. That bill, he said,
was simply a declaration which had the
effect and purpose only of repealing the
existing power given to the President in
the statutes to borrow money. He said it
never was the intent of the resumption act,
or of any subsequent statute, or of anybody
in the United States, to dispute the mani
fest meaning of the law, which was, first,
that the greenbacks should be reissued,
and second, that they should be redeemed
in coin. The law of 1575 gave to the Presi
dent the power to borrow money. The
experience of the preceding eighteen yean
had taught the people of the United States
that the credit of the Government was a
precious boon, which ought not to be
lightly interfered with or lightly trampled
upon. The currency, he argued, must i
have a reasonable stability. It would
therefore be apparent to every Senator
that it would be a most unwise and ur just
thing to all the people of the United
States to run the slightest risk of a
relapse into ihe condition in which
the country labored between 1861 and
1879. As to the seigniorage from silver
Allison allowed that the seigniorage
could only arise after the silver was
coined, that with the present mint
capacity not more than forty or fifty mil
lions of silver dollars could be coined in a
year, and that on that amount the
seigniorage would be twelve or fifteen
millions a year and nothing more. So
that Sena;ors were playing here with the
great question of tue inconvertibility of
the Government paper money. They
were running the hazard of goinz back
within thirty days to an inconvertible,
irredeemable paper currency with nothing
behind it except the credit of the Govern
ment. The United States, he said, could
not open its mints to tiie coinage of silver
at lfi to 1 without becoming a mono
metallic silver Nation. He believed it the
height of unwisdom for the United States
to deal partially with that question, and
whenever the question as to the free coin
age of silver by the United States and
the opening of the United States mints to
the coinage of silver at 16 to 1 was just the
same, he expected to vote as he had voted
hitherto.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada argued that if
the option to redeem greenbacks in either
silver or gold coin wer« exercised it would
stop the exportation of gold from the
United States just as the same means pre
vented its exportation from France and
Germany.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire ex
pressed the hope that the bond bill would
not pass, but he was afraid there was a
small majority in its favor. He hoped,
however, that the sober sense of the Sen
ate would not, on the eve of adjournment,
repeal the only law on the statute-book
that enabled the President and the Secre
tary of the Treasury to protect the Na
tional credit and the public honor during
the next six months.
Three-fourths of the Republican Sen
ators, Chandler said, would vote their con
fidence in the President on this question,
and he asked Senators on the other side of
the chamber to do the same. Senators, he j
said, should rise above party lines and say j
to the people of the country and of the j
world that the law wliia enables the ex- j
ecutive to protect the honor and credit of !
the United States shall not be struck
down by their votes. It seemed strange
that he should be defending tbe Presi
dent, but the President ueeded defense at
Republican hands when two-thirds of the
Senators of his own party were afraid to
trust him with the powers given by the
statutes to protect ibe honor of the United
States.
Before reaching the serious part of his j
speech Chandler had charged Butler with
expressions not printed in tne Record as
to revolution and bloodshed in case the
Populists did not have taeir way. The j
meaning ascribed to his language wes re- j
pudiated by Butler. Then Chandler |
referred to a paragraph published in But
ler's Raleigh paper — the Caucasian — re
flecting on Senators "in language so vile
and abusive" that he (Chandler) would
not dare to take the responsibility of put
ting it in the Record. Butler, having read
the paragraph, explained that it was not
editorial, but was an abstract of Congres
sional news. He was sorry that it had ap
peared and would see that such a thin^
would not happen again.
Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota made a
long explanation and denial of the news
paper charges that in the Republican con
vention of his State he had pledged him
self to vote for McKinleyand for sound
money, although he had been known to be
hostile to McKinley and in favor of the
free coinage of silver. The story, ne said,
had been got up by Mr. Tomliuson, the
editor of the Argus, and was untrue in
every particular.
•'His (Tomlinson's) reputation for truth
and veracity in the community where he
resides," Pettigrew declared in conclusion,
"is bad, and I don't believe that he can
sustain it in a court of law."
Teller (R.) of Colorado advocated the
bond bill. The contention of its oppo
nents, he said, was that the representatives
of the States in the Senate and the repre
sentatives in the House were not to be
trusted to maintain the credit of the
Aim-r fiovernrnent. That was tne
position, he said, taken to-day by the
Senator from lowa (Allison), whose name
had been mentioned in connection with a
great office by the Senator from New
Hampshire (Ciiandler).
In reply to a remark interjected by
Allen, Teller said that he did not think
that gold people need have any fear of
McKinley ; and he did not think that they
had any fear of him either when they saw
his declarations made by his friends and
when they studied hi 3 recerd. He did not
thins there need be any disturbance on
their part as to McKiniey's attitude on the
money question.
Teller disciißsea the money question at
great, length, attributing the decreased con
dition of trade and business to the disturb
ance in finance -and to the maintenance of
i the gold standard in the United States and
other goll standard countries. Referring
to Brown's speech to-day Teller said if
1 that Senator was proud of the leadership
1 of the Senators from Ohio (Sherman) and
Vermont (Morrill) he would haidly estab
i tablish his character for zeal for silver in
the great Northwest.
The silver question, he declared, was a
lively corpse. It was more than lively.
Two or three months ago great efforts had
been made by the bankers' convention to
control the two great political parties to
declare for the gold standard, and it was
said a large sum of money had been raised
to accomplish that result. There had been
no secret about it. It had been proclaimed
from housetops. The American people
were alive to the question and if the Re
publican party was of the opinion that it
> could hold the great muss of the intelli
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
gent people of the Northwest, who had
voted its ticket, defended its interests
and believed in its principles, on the gold
standard it never made a greater mistake.
If the Republican party chose to adopt
the gold standard, as the demand now
was, it would see its votes in the Senate
disappearing. In conclusion Teller said:
"What the Republican party will do at
St. Louis Ido not know. But I believe 1
know enoueh of the public sentiment of
the great West and kuow enough of the
public sentiment of the plain, honest peo
ple to know that the party which inscribes
on its bann«rthe 'gold standard' inscribes
on its banner 'defeat.' "
Burrows (R.) of Michigan made an ar
gument against the bill, as did Palmer (D.)
of lihnois, the latter stating that the effect
of its passage would be to shut up the
public treasury by stripping the Secretary
of the Treasury of all power to borrow
money to maintain the public credit. He
regarded it as an attempt to reach the free
coinage of silver through bankruptcy of
the public treasury.
The debate having closed the Senate
proceeded to VDte on the bill and amend
ments. The first amendment was that
offered by Aldrich (R.) of Rhode Island,
excepting from the prohibition an
<nierpency for the issue of bonds to pre
serve the public credit and to meet the
ob'igitions of the United States, and on
motion by Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska it was
laid on the table.
Aldrich then moved an amendment de
claring that nothing in the act shall be
construed to impair the obligation of the
United States to redeem in coin out>tand
ing United States legal tender notes and
treasury notes, nor to restrict or lessen the
authority of the Secretary of the Treasury
to obtain the necessary coin for such pur
pose of redemption. Tabled.
Hill offered an amendment that the |
Secretary of the Treasury shall not reissue
United States notes when redeemed. This
was also laid on the table.
An amendment which was offered by
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania, for tne re
demption and cancellation of treasury
notes, and the issue therefor of notes pay
able in gold and receivable for all debts,
public and private, was laid on the table
without the ayes and noes.
A motion by Hill to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until next De
cember was negatived— ayes 24, noes 32.
The bill was then passed — ayes 32. noes 25.
It provides that "the issuance of interest
bearing bonds of the United States for any
purpose whatever, without further author
ity of Congress, is hereby prohibited."
The following is the vote in detail :
Ayes — Allen, Bacon. Bate, Berry, Brown,
Butler, Cannon, Chilton, Daniel. Duboi*,
George, Hansbrongh, Harris, Jones of
Arkansas, Jones of Nevada, Mills, Mitchell
of Oregon, Morgan, Pasco, Peffer, Fetti
grew, Pritchard, Pugh, Stewart, Teller,
Tillman, Turpie, Vest, Walthall, Warren,
White, Wolcott— 32.
Noes — Aldrich, Allison, Brice, Burrow?,
Caffery, Chandler, Cullom, Davis, Faulk
ner, Gallinger, Hale, H;;\vley, Hill, Lind
say, Lodee, Mcßride, Mitchell of Wiscon
sin, Nelson, Palmer, Platt, Quay, Smith,
Vilas, Wetmore, Wilson — 25.
Aliison (R.) of lowa moved to proceed
to the consideration of the fiiled-cheese
bill and tnat was antagonized by a motion
to adjourn, which was voied down.
Allison's motion was then agreed to and
the fiiled-cheese bill was taken up and
made the unfinished business.
A joint resolution to authorize a scien
tific investigation of the fur seal fisheries
j was introduced by Allison and referred to
j the Finance Committee.
The Senate then, at 7;10 p. M., adjourned
I until to-morrow at 11 a. m., the declara
! tion of adjournment being accompanied by
an exclamation of "God save the country"
from Hill.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Publisher* l'lea»e<t With Congressman
Loud* Kill.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 2.-The
National Press Association, at its recent
meeting in New York City, adopted the
following resolution, which was received
to-day by Representative Loud:
Resolved, That the thanks of this association
are hereby tendered to lion. E. F. Loud of Cal
ifornia, chairman of the Postal Committee of
Congress, for his able and continued efforts to
secure better postal laws in the Interests of
publishers of light papers and periodicals and
lor the protection of revenues of the Govern
ment.
Resolved, That we retrret that the bill intro
duced by him, known as the "Loud Dill," has
not yet received the favorable consideration of
Congress, and we earnestly hope that it will be
passed at an early date.
Resolved, That we respectfully ur?e Mr.
Loud to continue his efforts to secure the pas
sago of this commendable measure, and ■to
that end we pledge him our support and as
sistance in tho future as freely aud earnestly
as it has been given in the past.
James L. Gibbs was to-day appointed post
master at Carter, Tuolumne County, Cal., vice
Charles Carter, removed. ; ".- :
Pensions have been granted as lollows: Cali
fornia: Original— John O'Brien, Piute; Wil
liam A. Swaney, Veterans' Home, Napa. In
crease—David J. Radick, Nordhoff. Original
widows, etc.— E. King, Los Angeles;
Fannie E. Vaughan, San Bernardino. Mexi
can War survivor— Tyre G. Harris, Salinas.
TWO CONSULS NAMED.
William Churchill tii.et to Samoa and 1).
JV. l.urkn to Tangier.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.—The
President to-day nominated William
Churchill of New York Consul-General
at Apia, Samoa, and David N. Burke of
New York Consul-General at Tangier, Mo
rocco.
William Churchill, to-day selected by
the President for the important position
of Consul-G3neral at Apia, Samoa, is ed
itor of the Brooklyn Times. He was born
in Brooklyn in 1859 and since his gradua
tion from Yale has contributed to the
magazines and done other literary wo rir.
He is the author of "The Princess of Fiji,"
a novel. Mr. Churchill lived in the South
Seas for years and speaks Samoan and
other native languages. He knows Samoa
well and is intimately acquainted with the
political situation there.
David N. Burke, who is to be the new
Consul-General at Tangier, Morocco, is the
present United States Consul at Malaga,
Spain, and will be transferred from that
post to Tangier. He was bora in Ver
mont, and appointed to the Malaga Con
sulate by President Cleveland in 1893. At
Malaga his salary i> $1,500 and that of the
Tangier noit is $2000, with considerable
additional in the bhape of fees.
Ocjlciency Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— The
conferees on the general deficiency ap
propriation bill to-day reported agree
ments reached on some of the items in
dispute between the two houses. The fol
lowing principal Senate amendments were
agreed to by the House conferees: To
pay the claims of the Southern Pacific,
amounting to $1,542,979; United States
courts witness fees, $100,000; support of
prisoners, $50,000; miscellaneous expenses,
125,000; to pay clerks of Representatives a
salary instead of by session, $175,134;
judgments of the Court of Claims. $1,137,
-0«2; sind payments of various claims
audited by different executive committees,
$73,000.
.
Monr.i/ Circulation.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 2.— The
Treasury official statement issued to-day
shows a decrease of all kinds of money in
circulation during May of $16,422,799, and
since June 1, 1895. of $95,000,000. The per
capita circulation is stated at $21 35.
OVER THE VETO
OF CLEVELAND.
Passage of the River and
Harbor Bill in the
House.
PRACTICAL UNANIMITY.
Thirty-Nine Democrats and One
Populist Joined in the Af-
firmative Vote.
MEMBERS PLACED ON RECORD.
Representatives of the People Who
Favor the Appropriation for Needed
Improvements.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— The
river and harbor appropriation bill was
passed over the President's veto to-day by
the unexpectedly heavy vote of 220 ayes to
tjO noes. There were comparatively so few
votes in the negative that it was found
impossible to re-pair absent members in
favor of the bill. The Remiblicans, with
practical unanimity, and thirty-nine Demo
crats, with one Populist, made up the
affirmative vote, while the negative vote
was about equally divided between the
Republicans and Democrats, live Popu
lists voting with them.
Proceedings becan with the report of the
Committee on Rivers and Harbors, recom
mending the passage of the river and har
bor appropriation bill, notwithstanding
the President's veto, which was presented
and read.
The report reviews at length the Presi
dent's objections and advances counter
arguments. The report adds that no good
reason was assigned by the President to
make the House recede from its action re
garding the measure. Hooker then asked
for the previous question on the motion
to pass the bill. A vote on ordering the
previous question was taken. It resulted:
Ayes 179, noes 60.
The Speaker put the question, "Upon
reconsideration will the House pass the
bill, ihe objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding?"
A vote was then taken on the passage
of the bill over the President's veto. The
constitution required that it should be
done by ayes and noes. The vote stood
220 ayes to 60 noes. More than two-thirds
having voted in the allirmative the bill
was declared to have passed.
The following Democrats voted to pass
tbe bill over the President's veto: Bank
head, Berry, Buck, Catchings, Clark of
Alabama, Cobb, Cooper of Florida, Cooper
of Texas, Culberson, (Jammings, Denny,
Dinsmore. Ellett, Elliott, Fitzgerald, Ken
dall, Kyle. Latimer, Lester, Little, Mc-
Cuiloch, McMillin, Mcßae, Myer, Money,
Ogden. Owens, Price. Robertson, Spark
m;ui, Straight,: TaU>«<-t, Terry, Turner of
Georgia, Tyler, Underwood, Wa«hington,
Williams "and Wilson of South Caro
lina—39.
The negative vote was made up of the
i ,'llowing:
Democrats— Allen of Mississippi, Bart
lett of New York, Bell of Texas, Black of
Georgia, Clardy. Cockrell, DeAimond,
Dockerv, Erdman, Hall of Missouri, Har
rison, Hart, Hendrick*, Jones, Kieberg,
Layton, Maeuire, MeClellan, McDearmon,
Pendleton, Richardson, Sayers, Siiaw,
Sorg, Stallings, Sulzer, Tate, Tucker, Tur
ner of Virginia and Walsh.
Republicans — Allen of Utah, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker of New Hampshire,
Brown, Calderhead, Connelly, Grout,
Hager, Hainer, Hepburn, Leijrhty, Lin
ney. Long, AlcCall of Tennessee, McClure,
McEwan, Pearson, Pitney, Scranton, Set
tie, Shafroth, Sherman, S trode, Tracewell
and Updegraff.
Populists— Baker of Kansas, Bell of Col
orado, Kern and Skinner.
Strowd of North Carolina was the only
Populist who voted for the bill.
After hearing the report of Chairman
Hook«r, reciting the arguments in favorof
passing ihe bill over the veto, the House
by an overwhelming vote refused to listen
to any debate, despite the vigorous protest
of Dockery (D.) < f Missouri, who de
nounced the course taken as "unjust, un
fair and unmanly."
The remainder of the session mainly was
taken up wish the arguments on the con
tested election case of Mitchell vs. Walsh
from the Eighth New York District and
voting upon it.
A resolution was agreed to fixing the
hour for meeting for the remainder of the
session at 11 o'clock.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, expresssd
the opinion that Congress would not ad
journ finally until before Friday or Satur
day of next week.
Conference reports on the naval appro
priation bill and the bill making appro
priations for fortifications and coast de
fenses were presented, and the former was
agreed to.
The lack of a quorum prevented the
adoption of the report, and at 3:40 P.M.
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE.
Objections of the President Shown to lie
Xot Well founded.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— The
report of the Committee on Rivers and
Harbors recommending the passage ef
river and harbor appropriations, the objec
tions of the President to the contrary not
withstanding, was presented by Hooker
(R.) of New York, chairman, and read.
The report stated that of the 417 items of
appropriations contained in the bill all
but twenty-seven are for projects contained
in biils which have heretofore become
laws and which have for years been in
process of construction by the Govern
ment. No new projects were added to the
bill of 1894. It will thus be seen, the re
port states, that tne principal werk of the
committee has been the investigation and
examination of improvements to which
Congress has repeatedly committed itself.
The river and harbor bill of 1890 appro
priated $2"),000,000 and placed certain
works under the contract system which
involved the additional expenditure of
$15,000,000. It appears, therefore, that by
far the greater number of projects appro
priated for this bill were also appropriated
for in the bill of 1890 and which aie not
yet completed.
The report explains that the bill was re
ceived by General Casey, then chief of the
United States Engineers, who reported to
President Harrison that only eight of the
items seemed to be of limited or local
bpnetit. The gross amount appropriated
for these items wa3 $72,000. From this it
will be seefi, the report continues, that the
larger part of the projects contained in
the present bill had passed the scrutiny
and secured the approval of General
Casey, and have gone unchallenged
until now. The bills of 1890 and 1892 were
approved by President Harrison and the
bill of 1894 was permitted by the prssent
executive to become a law by limitation.
The committee, to impeach the President's
declaration that many of the objects for
which the money is appropriated are not
related to the public welfare, assert
that the bill was carefully v>repared after
exhaustive hearings, and that they scru
pulously avoided matins appropriations
not in the interest of commerce.
Referring to the President's criticism
that not a few of the improvements have
been so improvidently planned and prose
cuted that after an unwise expenditure of
millions of dollars new experiments for
their accomplishment have been entered
upon, tha committee say that it has often
occurred that a project has been adopted
in accordance with the certain defined
plans, submitted by the engineers, that
the interests of the commerce required a
greater and more effective improvement
than that first contemplated should be
made. In such cases it had long been the
custom of Congress to order from time to
time new estimates to be made with a view
to enlarging the scope of these projects. In
making appropriations for those enlarged
projects the bill often directed that the
money appropriated should be expended
in accordance with the modifications of
the engineers; the committee believe
therefore that the President may have in
ferred from the language so used that the
original plans had been improvident and
ill advised and the money wasted, when
the money expended upon the original
u!an was judiciously expended and would
have been expended even if the modified
plans had been originally adopted.
A careful re-examination of the bill
warrants the committee in asserting that
there is no foundation for the President's
statement that the bill carries appropria
tions for work which parties have actually
agreed with the Government to do in con
sideration of their occupancy of public
property.
Referring to the President's further
criticism that the bill contemplates an
immediate cas.'i expenditure of nearly
$17,000,000, including $3,000,000 carried in
the sundry civil appropriation bill for con
tract work, the committee assert that the
President is in error and that only $12,000,
-000 is to be expended during the two
fiscal years ending June 30, 1898. The
statement is also made that the bill does
not appropriate $62,000,000 for contract
work, but only $59,51H,000. It is also
shown that if all the contracts authorized
by the bill are promptly entered into by
the Secretary of War the maximum
amount that can be expended In one year
is $16,612,000, and not $20,000,000, as the
President asserts.
Passing the President's accusation of
extravagance, the committee shows that
the average appropriations for the past six
years have been $16,700,000 a year, while,
including the present bill and the two
others for the remainder of this century,
the total amount for these &ix years will
only average $13,000,000.
The report repeatedly emphasizes the
committee's approval of the contract sys
tem as being less expensive to the Govern
ment and securing more prompt and satis
factory results. This system is the dis
tinctive feature of the bill, and the com
mittee strongly recommends its continua
tion. The report adds that no good rea
son has been assigned by the President
why the House should recede from its
action regarding the measure.
CO WROYS ARE DESPER ATE.
They Make a Itarintf Attempt to Re-
lens* Jtnprinoned Comradr*.
XL PASO, Tex., June 2.— For two
months there have been confined in the
Juarez jail several American cowboys
charged with driving cattle from their
ranee. The boys were working for parties
in New Mexico, but had crossed the Mexi
can line to round up cattle. Friends de
termined to release them from prison, and
it was so arrange! that at a certain time
they would raid the Juarez jail and re
lease the boys. The scheme was found out
and abandoned.
A cowboy named Fox with four others
last evening rode over to Juarez. Arriving
at the jail Fox threw one end of a rope
over the wall and tied the other end to th«
pommel of his saddle. About this time
a policeman saw him and fired at him, the
ball cutting the stirrup leather.
The cowboy dismounted, pulled two pis
tols and returned the fire of the police
man, who retreated. The Mexican sol
diers then turned out and fired on the
cowboys, but they fought their way out
and escaped to the American side, leaving
one horso, which was taken by the Mexi
can authorities.
,/umfj fir. IMnini-' * Ilo'lti.
AUGUSTA, Me., June 2.— Mrs. James
G. Biaine has decided to have the body of
her husband transferred from its present
resting place irk Oak Hill Cemetery in
Washington to this city, his former home.
She wishes the body of her eldest son,
Walker, also to be broueht here. Mrs.
Biaine has decided to make her home in
Augusta for the rest of her life, and in
stead of havine the bodies buried in the
family lot in Forest Hill Cemetery h^s
purchased three acres on the brow of a
picturesque hill overlooking the city for
their final resting place. It is a site com
manding a magnificent view of the sur
rounding country. The removal will be
made at an early date.
4 W.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary.
•'Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesium
sulphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters — always of the same strength, which is,
of course, a matter of great importance." — New York Medical Journal.
"A much -esteemed purgative water." — "Its composition is constant. The practitioner
is thus enabled to prescribe definite quantities for definite results." — "A Natural
Water." — 7'/i« Lancet.
" Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which have long been
wanting in the best-known Ilunyatli waters." — "Agreeabie to the palate." — "Excep-
tionally efficacious." — British Medical Journal.
" Belongs to that large class of aperient waters which come from the neighbourhood of
Buda Pest, commonly known under the generic name of Hunyadi." — " Contains a large
amount of lithia. Specially marked out for the treatment of gouty patiencs," — Medical
Press and Circular.
Prices : 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
CF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters :
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
FOURTH RACE FOR
THE BELMONT CUP,
An Exciting Event Closes
the Westchester Spring
Meeting.
HASTINGS TEE WINNER.
Handspring, the Favorite, Has the
Advantage at the
Start.
BUT IS BEATEN BY A HEAD.
Ten Thousand People Witness the Cool
but Brilliant Riding of Jockey
Griffin.
MORRIS PARK RACE TRACK, N. V.,
June 2. — The spring meet of the West
chester Racing Association was brought to
a close here this afternoon. The weather
was fine and more than LO,OOO person.-* were
present. The greatest interest was- cun
tcred in the fourth race for the Belmont
cup, in which the cracKs, Hastings and
Handspring, were to meet. Handspring,
who was the favorite, had the advantage
at the start. Hastings was within easy
distance of him when they began the
descent of the hill and closed up a couple
of furlongs from home, but in doing so
Hastings was carried nearly to the outer
rail. Sim ins steadied Handspring, how
ever, and forced him to the iront again
under severe punishment.
Griflin rode a cool, patient race. Hastings
gradually wore down his rival's lead, and
by one mighty effort beat him out by a
head in the wildest kind of excitement.
The stake is worth $4000 to the winner,
besides the possession of the Belmont cup,
worth $1000.
One mile, Dutch Skater won. Aurelian sec
ond, Intermission third. Time, 1 :41 :i^.
Six furlongs. Abuse won. Cassette second,
Tilmoure tliini. Time, 1:14%.
The Frivolity, fuur and'tt half furlongs,
GoMen Dreai.i won, Winced Koot second, Col
kernony third. Time, :56%.
The Belmont cup, mile and three furlongs,
Hastings won, Handspring second, Hamilton
II third. Time, 2:'J4' 2 -
Five furlongs, Balvaao won, Pt. Bartholomew
second, Eidolin third. Time, :58V£.
One mile, The Swain won, Paladin second,
Sue Kittie ttiird. Time, 1 :±\%.
CHICAGO. 111., June 2.— The feature at
Lakeside to-day was the aix-farlone handi
cap in which Hi Henry, the 11 to 5 favor
ite, was beaten by Simmons in a driving
finish. Favorites were bowled over in five
of the events, Rubber Neck (by Himyar)
being the only first choice to land a purse.
Attendance 4000.
Bix furlong 5 , Major Dripps won, Cunarder
second, Tamerlane third. Time, 1:17.
Four and a Imlt furlongs, Siegfried won,
Vanessa second, Snag third. Time, :56?£.
Eight and a half furiougs, Otho wou, Long
dale second, May Gallop third. Time, 1:49%.
Handicap, six furlongs, Simmons won. Hi
Henry second, Xaunle D third. Time, 1 :15.
Five and a half furlongs, Rubber Neck (by
Himyar) won, Weola second, Santa Cruz third.
Time. 1:0s 1 -,.
Six furlor.ps, B. F. Fly Jr. won, Eagle Bird
second, Warren Lelaud third. Time, I:l6J^.
PAIK GROUNDS. ST. LOUIB, Mo..
June 2.— Favorites took four races to-day,
a second choice, and an Bto 1 chance tak
ing the other two. A starting-gate was
tried to-day with good results and it will
probably be adopted. Attendance 3000.
Track fust.
Four furlongs, Groganette won, Omah
Wood second, Elsie Barnes third. Time,
■A9}4.
Seven furlones, Hex won, Bertha second,
Fasig third. Time, 1:29.
Blx furlones, Minnie W won, Swifty second,
Jim Hogg third. Time, 1 :15^.
One mile, Magnet won, Fiying Dutchman
second, Buct Maksie third. Time. 1 :40%.
Six furlongs, Braw Scot won, Gatu second,
Henry Mcilale third. Time, 1 :14?^.
Eight and a half furlpngs, Jane won, Cre
vasse second, Mercury third. Time, 1 :49.
OaKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio. June 2.—
Summaries: Five furlongs. Wnite Frost won,
Imp second, Charina third. Time, 1:91 &
Seven furiongs. The Commoner won, 'irilby
second, Paradise third. Time, 1:27%,
Five furlonss, Genrge Rose won, Grayling
second, Fugarol third. Time, 1:01%.
One mile, Le Banjo won, Rasper second.
Doorga third. Time, 1:42^.
One mile and fifty yardx, Moylan won, Ace
second, Probasco third. Time, 1:44%.
One mile. Fred Jarr won, Judge Denny sec
ond, Amazement thirJ. Time, 1:41.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— Poor start
ing and a series of mishaps marred the
sport to-day at the opening of the spring
trotting meeting at FJeetwood Park.
When the three-minute trotters were scor
ing for the first heat Forest B kicked his
driver, Charles Steiner, out of the sulky
and ran away, going more than a mile be
fore he could be stopped. In the first beat
of the pacing race Intone fell dead about
fifty yards from the finish line when safely
in the lead. High Noon and Phyllis
Wilkes collided in scoring for the second
heat, the former throwing the driver out
and running away. Neither of the horses
was injured and High Noon continued in
the race.
Three-minute trot, $1000, Straight Linewon,
P»ge second, Kate McCracken third. Best time,
2:19.
2:20 trot, Manson E won, Maud B second
High Noon third. Best time, 2:20.
Jockey Vicena Crushed.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 2.—
A serious if not fatal accident marred the
racing at Roswell Park to-day. In the
last running race while ronnding the turn,
McPryor ridden by Dell Owens of
Wagener, I. T., slipped and fell with
Owens underneath. The jockey was fear
fully bruised ar i carried from the tracK
in an unconscious condition. He was not
expected to live till morning.
ON THE RAIL FIELD.
Pond Pitched So Well That the Pittsburga
Were Heaten.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jim* 2. — Pond
pitched magnificent ball to-day, the Pitts
ourgs being finally retired with but four
hits. Merritt'B finger was split in the tilth
inning and Sugdcn went iv to catch. At
tendance 3724. Score:
Baltiruores 2 0022 I 1 2 *-iO 15 1
000 100002- 3 4 5
Batteries— Pond and Robinson. Hugkey aud Sier
ritt. Viuplres— Keeie and Weldman.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 2.— Had
Donahue been as well supported as Ken
nedy, St. Louis would have shut out the
Brooklyns to-day. While Kennedy held
the visitors down to three hits, he was
wild in the fir^t and fiftri innings, but
managed to pull himself together in time.
Donahue wassteady throughout the game,
and in only one inning were the home
players able to obtain two hits. Attend
ance 2000. Score:
Brooklvns 110 000 0 0 0-2 9 1
Bt I,oui 000010000-1 3 4
Batteries— Kennedy and Terrell, Donahue and
Murphy. Umpire— .Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. June 2.—Cin
cinnati played all around the home team
to-day. At no time did tne local club
figure in the contest. Score:
Philade'.phias 001 100001- 3 12 6
Cincinnati* 3 110 113 13-14 16 4
Bakeries— McGlil and Boyle, Ehreiaiul \ aughn.
L'mpire— Hurst.
BOSTON, Mass., June 2— Louisville all
but shut out thfc Bostons to-day. The hit
ter score 1 in the ninth inning after_ two
men were out. Cunningham pitched finely
and received gilt-edged support. Score:
Bostons 000000002---' 7 2
Lomsvilles 034100110-10 15 4
Batteries— Dolan and Terry, Cunningham ana
Miller. Umpire — Lynch.
WASHINGTON, w. C, June 2.—Cleve
lsnds turned the table on the Washingtons
to-day. The home team was unable to
connect with Wilson. Tebeau's men
clinched the game in the fourth inning on
two bases on balls, four hits and an error
by Joyce. Score:
Washington* 0200 00 0 0 2-4 5 2
Cleveland* 0104 01 0 0 *-6 9 1
But cries — (iormnn anrt McGuire, Wilson and
O'Connor. Umpire, Kmslie.
NEW YORK. N. V., June 2.-The New
Yorks defeated the Cuicagos to-day by
superior ball-pl«yinjr. Anson's men could
not connect with Meekin's curves while
men were on bases, while Irwin's team hit
Grirflch hard and at the proper time.
Score :
New Yorks 0200 21 3 0 *— 8 15 2
Chicago* 021010001-5 8 2
BHtteries-Meebin and Wilson, Griffith aud KU
tredge. Umpire, Henderson.
RECORDS BROKEN AT TICNON.
Fast Time Made in the National Circuit
Bicycle Races.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 2.— Several local
ana two coast records were broken at the
National circuit bicycle meet to-day. Tha
two-thirds mile world's record was seri
ously threatened by Coulter of San Farn
cisco, who crossed the tape in 1:27. The
world's record is 1:25. The one-mile handi
cap, professional, was won by Coulter,
scratch, in 2:12 beating the coast rec
ord of 2:33; the mile, 2:40 class, amateur,
by Cooper of Tucson in 2:23; the mile
open, amateur, by Ed Johnson of Tucson
in 2:16; the two-mile handicap, amateur,
by Fred Osterlich of Tucson in 5:17.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Golly, Harry, how swell you dress!"
"Oh, it isn't me; my mamma buys my
clothes at Roos Brothers'."
Two suits, bought same time, same cost,
gone through the same scrimmages; what
makes the difference? It's where you buy
them.
Here's a hummer!
REEFER SUITS at $2 25— the bargain
of the season; very nobby and perfect fit
guaranteed. Large collars, with or with-
out braid. No need asking next week !
Long pants suits, 11 to 19, $4. Very nice
straw hats, 50c.
Send for our mail order catalogue.
VPC * THE
'CO PRICE
IT'S . $3,00
RED
And a dark red, that's the shade in Summer Tans
that has the call. | The price? Well, ours Is a dol-
lar or two lower than the others are asking. That's
the reason we're selling more than we usually do.
THE 4C*% '" U
DEFENDER j).v""
(THE NEW TOE.) •»/
One of the new shapes ju»t oat this season la a
star seller. .Everybody whom it. The upper stock
used in this shoe I* the finest Russia calf (dark-red
shade). We have them in all sizes and widths, and
the price of them is within your easy £»»j.oo
grasp •'•••— •— «U>°
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
BRUSHES bootblacks, bath-
MHUUniiWbcusei, billiard - tat.lt>*.
brewers, ' bookbinders, candy-makers, canners!
dyers, - flourmlUs, foundries, laundries, pane?
hangers, ' printers, painters, shoe factories, stabla-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
. .BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, S»cr amontoWEDDED QUIETLY
AT WASHINGTON,
Simple Services Unite Miss
; ; Julia Stevenson and Rev.
Vt Mr. Hardin.
NOTED MEN ARE THERE.
Plain but Pretty Decorations in
the New York Avenue Pres
byterian Church.
NO DISPLAY OF OSTENTATION.
After a Breakfast at the Hotel Nor
mandie the Couple Depart for
Kentucky.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— At 8
o'clock this evening, at the New York
avenue Presbyterian Church, the wedding
of Miss Julia Stevenson, daughter of the
Vice- President of the United States, to
the Rev. Martin D. Hardin of Danville,
Ky., was solemnized by Rev. Dr. Rat
cliffe, in the presence of a company, in
cluding the President and Mrs. Cleveland,
the members of the Cabinet and Judges
of the Supreme Court, the diplomatic
corps and many others prominent in offi
cial and social circles in t:;e capital.
The wedding ceremony was a type of
simplicity in all its details. The church
decorations were confined to palms and
other potted plants placed around the
platform in the rear of the chancel, while
the two pillars in the recess were twined
with smilar and ornamented each with a
lovers' knot of white satin ribbon.
The ushers were Messrs. Longmoor and
Richard Bell of Kentucky, Charles Vroo
man of Baltimore, George Hamlin of
Boston ano> Walter Wilcox and Lieuten
ant Bromwell of this city. The brides
maids were two cousins of the bride, tne
Misses Letitia and Julia Scott, and Misses
Jane and Julia Hardin, sisters of the
groom.
Miss Letitia Stevenson, the bride's sis
ter, was maid of honor and preceded her
down the main aisle of the church, the
ushers and bridesmaids dividing and en
tering by the side aisles. The bride en
tered on the arm of her father, the Vice-
President, who gave her away at the aitar,
where they were met by the groom and
his cousin, Charles Hardin, who acted as
best man.
Following the wedding a reception was
held at the Ho.c! Normandie, and at 10:30
p. m. Mr. and Mrs. Hardin departed for
their home at Bowling Green, Ky.
The wedding ceremony was one of the
. simplest and least ostentatious of any of
the many that has happened in prominent
Washington social circles for many years.
T£e cuests of the occasion were in the
main personal iriends of the united
families. Those from a distance, in addi
to Mr. Hardin's immediate family,
included Mrs. Knott of Kentucky and
Judge and Mrs. Charles A. Hardin of Ken
tucky. ______^__ ____
DEMOCRATS DON'T
KNOW WHAT'S BEST,
Continued from Flr*t Pn^e.
for thirty-eight years and rounded out by
the reciprocity of Blame," and continues :
"We are opposed to the free and unlimit
ed coinage of silver, except by interna
tional azreement, and until such agree
ment can be obtained we believe that the
present gold standard should be main
tained.
"We renew our unswerving loyalty to
that great champion of protection and
sound money, Thomas B. Reed, in the
hope that the coming National Convention
will recognize the urgent demand of the
business interests of the country for his
nomination."
Hon. L. Powers of Holten was nomi
nated for Governor, after which the con
vention adjourned.
ALL DOSE IS BARMONT.
George Z>. Perkins dominated for Con
gretm by lowa Hepublican*.
CHEROKEE, lowa., June 2. — The
Eleventh District Republican Congres
sional Convention convened at the opera
house to-day. Permanent organization was
effected by the selection of Acley Hubbard
of Clary County as chairman and W. B.
Stevens of Osceola as secretary and Lars
Bladine of Buena Vista assistant. The
first and only ballot for candidate for Con
grass was taken after therepoitsof the
committees on organization and creden
tials and resulted in the nomination of
Congressman George D. Perkins of Wood
bury County by a vote of 70 to 46 for I. S.
btruble of Plymouth County. The con
vention was harmonious, expected con
tests over delegations not developing.
RESENTED BY CLARKSON.
Circulation of a Silly Story Relating to
Hi* Illnea*.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— Hon.
James S. Clarkson resented last night an
insinuation of the McKinley men that his
recent sickness is the sort of illness which
comes from disappointment, and that he
is really sick of his job of trying to defeat
the nomination of the Ohio major at St.
Louis. Mr. Clarkson, who is at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel, explained that he had been
physically prostrated by an old malady,
but has sufficiently recovered to be able to
: pet about and will be on deck at St. Louis
to fight for the nomination of Senator
Allison. He said that many would vote
against McKinley because of bis silence
on the money issue.
Silver Men Snowed Under.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 2.— At noon to
: day the Democrats of St. Paul selected
eighty-seven delegates to the State Con
vention, which is to assemble here June
11. The silver men were completely
snowed under.
Captain Bourlce's Illne*s.^%
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.— The un
expired portion of the ordinary leave of
absence granted Captain John G. Bourke,
Third Cavalry, the well-known Indian
fi-hter, has been changed to sick leave, to
date from May 3. Captain Bourke is re
ported to be seriously ill at the home of
his father-in-law in Omaha. He obtained
leave to accompany his father-in-law to
Mexico in March last for the benefit of the
latter's health and has not returned to his
post, Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont. Cap
tain Bourke will be obliged to undergo an
operation.
READY FOR THE RALLY.
Democrat* Complete Arrangement* for
the, Vhicngo Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., June 2.— The Demo
cratic National sub-committee concluded
the business of its present session to-day
and adjourned to meet at the Palmer
House June 13. All the members returned
to their homes to-night.
The local committee is still short $14,000
of the guaranteed subscriptions, $'-U,OOO of
th« promised $40,000 only having been
paid to the National Committee. There
is no fear, however, that the money will
not be forthcoming from the guarantors
if not from the subscribers, and the local
committee was not pressed to make good
the financial contract.
There will be 15,000 seats in the part of
the Coliseum which ii to be used for the
convention. The speakers' platform, with
the accompanying seats for the press, will
be on the east side of the hall midway.
On each side and in front will radiate in
amphitheater form with a gradual rise the
thousands of seats for delegates and
spectators extending to a line level with
the galleries.
OWN THE BIG ANACONDA.
The Celebrated Montana Copper Mine in
the Hands of an English
Syndicate.
BUTTE, BfoBT., June 2.— The statement
is finally made to-day on apparently re
liable authority that the entire property of
the bic Anaconda Mining Company has
passed into the possession of the English
syndicate represented by Hamilton Smith.
Details of liie tri^antio deal are lacking, as
both sides refuse to talk. It is known,
however, that the negotiations which have
been pending some time have practically
been closed and that the only member of
the old company wno will retain any inter
est i 3 Marcus Daly, the general manaeer.
fhe syndicate refused to purchase the
property until Mr. Daly consented to re
tain an mteres; and remain as manager of
the company, which he was reluctant to
do, as he had fully expected to retire from
active busi?iess life. The syndicate, it is
said, has acquired all of the Haggin and
Hearst interests in the company. The con
sideration is unknown, but it is said to be
on a basis of $45,000,000.
WAR ON THE RAILROADS
Commercial Travelers Do Not
Like the Way They Are
Treated.
Will Secure Legislation in States to
Obtain a General Rate of Two
Cents a Mile.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Jnne 2.— The
refusal of the railroads to give low rates
diminished the attendance at the first
day's meeting of the Travelers' Protective
Association, and six or seven hundred who
are here are unanimous in favor of organ
ized war on the railroads by getting legis
lation in the States for a general rate of
2 cents a mile.
Mayor Ross and Governor Mathews de
livered the official addresses of welcome,
and ex-Secretary of the Navy Thompson
spoke for the general public.
National President Lees' report showed
a net gain of 541 memoers in the year,
making the total 10,861. During the year
three $5000 policies for accidental death
were paid and $42,762 27 for accidental in
juries. There is a bank balance of $23,094.
There are to be no material changes in
the constitution. Colonel Lee is to be re
elected president by acclamation, and Sec
retary-Treasurer Le Heaume will be re
elected in the same manner.
ALONZO WALLING ON TRIAL
Some Very Binding Testimony to Connect
Him With the Murder of Pearl
Bryan.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 2.— The trial
of Alonzo Walline for the murder of Pearl
Bryan was resumed this morning. Drug
pist Foertmyer of Bellevue, Ky., identified
Walling as being tne man who visited his
drugstore in company with a young lady
during the last week of January.
The other witnesses were Allen John
son, a colored porter at Wallingford's sa
loon, where Pearl Brvan. Jackson and
Walling met on the fateful Friday night
and where the girl drank the glass of sar
saparilla which was supposed to contain
cocaine; Wallingford. the caloon-keeper;
Chester Mullen, a livery-stable keeper;
Mrs. Weeks, the spirit medium, ana sev
eral others. The testimony of all these
went to show Walling's companionship
with Jackson prior to and on the night of
the murder.
Six Persons Drowned.
NORFOLK, Va., June 2.— News has just
reached this city of a bad Decoration day
accident, which resulted in the drowning
of six persons in Hampton Roads on Sat
urday. The sloop Irene left Tanners Creek,
near this city, in the afternoon with eigflt
colored persons aboard, bound to Hamp
ton to participate in the memorial exer
cises. At 7:45 p. m. she started on the
return trip. When in Hampton Roads she
was struck by a blast of wind and a heavy
sea at the same time and capsized. Those
aboard clung to the boat, but the sea was so
heavy that she sank, and only two of the
party were saved.
Graduate,* at Annapolis.
ANNAPOLIS, Md, June 2.-The second
day of graduation week at the Naval Acad
emy opened with propitious weather.
Most of the examining board arrived late
last night. It organized by the election
of Congressman Robinson of Pennsylva
nia ax president, J. C. Richburgof Chicago
as vice-president, and Lieutenant Theo
dore Porter secretary. The usual commit
tees were appointed. In the graduatine
class Robinson Btood first, Holden second
and Craven third.
Major Stilwell't Move.
MARQUETTE, Mich., June 2.— Major
Stilwell, commanding the Northwestern
division of the Salvation Army, with
headquarters at Minneapolis, has resigned
bis commission and gone over to Balling
ton Booh. He will be directed to organize
the Pacific Coast for the volunteers. Staff
Captain Winchellof Chicago succeeds him
in command of the division of the Salva
tion Army.
Jtenegade Mafia Killed.
DENVER, Colo., June 2. — General
Wheaton was notified to-day that Massia,
the re n egad i? Apache chief, had been slain
in Southern Arizona by Indian scouts.
Massia killed three scouts before he pave
up the ghost. Massia was one of Geroni
mo's braves, and succeeded to that old
chief's authority among the renegades.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
TO HOUSE ALL
THE HOMELESS,
St. Louis Capitalists Will
Loan Money Without
Interest.
HOMES TO BE REBUILT.
Noble Response to Assist the Suf
ferers From the Destructive
Windstorms.
THERE IS YET DESTITUTION.
Frequent Showers and Fallin* Temp
erature Increase the Misery
of the Unfortunates.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2.— The lower
house of the municipal assembly to-day
passed the bill appropriating $100,000 for
the relief of the tornado sufferers. The
bill provides for a commission of five, with
the Mayor as chairman. The objection to
the bill on the grounds that it was illegal
because it did not provide that those triven
relief should render some service in re
turn was overcome by City Counselor
Marshall, who inserted an amendment to
the effect that those receiving aid should
render such return as was within their
capabilities.
H. N. King, president of the Chicago
relief committee, arrived here this morn
ing. He conferred with the beads of the
various relief associations here in order to
learn what was the greatest need and what
was the best way to apply aid.
Mayor Walbridge has not refused to ac
cept money from outside cities and nas
turned over $15,000 thus secured to tne re
lief committee. The Mayor, however, be
lieves St. Louis should be equal to the task
i caring for the afflicted and is opposed
to soliciting aid from outside channels.
The St. Louis Fair Association turned
into the fund the net profits of yesterday's
racing, about . $1500. The general fund
foots up to-night |129,000. Of this a large
part has already been disbursed.
James Campbell, Dan Catlin, W- J.
Lemp, Charles Parsons and other capital
ists to-day took initial steps to raise $250,
-000 to lend to tornado sufferers at low rates
of interest to rebuild their homes. No in
terest will be charged for twelve months.
At the Noonaay Club $35,000 was raised to
day for this purpose.
Ten district assessors and fifteen clerks
left the office of the boaid of assessors to
make an official estimate of the losses
caused by the storm. All indications go
to show that William Hartigan, a wealtny
iron-miner of Birmingham, Ala., is
beneath the debris of some wrecked build
ings.
The sun shone but ten minutes to-day
and frequently recurring showers and fall
ing temperature kept up the misery
among the unfortunates. At all the relief
stations long lines of men and women
stood waiting their turn to receive the
daily allotment of food. As fast as quar
ters can be had the homeless are housed
and work obtained for those able to do it-
There was considerable excitement in
East St. Louis to-day. The County Su
pervisors, in response to an appeal from
the City Council, arrived to take action to
ward giving assistance to the sufferers. It
was whispered about that relief could not
be given owing to a legal technicality, and
excited citizens crowded around the new
library building.
One of the Commissioners moved to de
fer action until next Saturday, when the
le.al point of giving an appropriation
could have been considered. There was
considerable wrangling, and prominent
citizens delivered touching orations. Fi
nally the Commissioners voted an appro
priati in of $25,000 to relieve the immedi
ate suffering.
Destitution in East St. Louis is hourly
increasing. People who at first refused
assistance have found their own resources
inadequate. Prices of clothing, furniture
and eatables are double what they were
before the storm.
The relief committee is straining every
resource to get supplies and are doing
nobie work. Two ladies made a tour of
the ruined territory to-day and report that
there are seventy families absolutely
homeless and destitute.
One hundred families who found homes
in freightcars were turned out in the rain
to-day, and a committee of islanders made
appeal to Mayor Bader for tents. He tele
graphed the Governor for 100 tents. Those
able to move made their way to Riverside,
woere seventy tents are standing. They
were compelled to drive back many of the
newcomers to prevent a panic.
The rit'lit for the necessities of life is a
desperate one. The relief committee is
having a hard time controlling the poor
and making equal distribution. At pres
ent they are expending about $1000 daily
for food, ciothing and cots. They need
$500 more a day, but t c capital is limited.
FORGER HICKS CAPTURED.
Wanted /or Hi* Crime* in Several Big
Cities.
TUSCOLA, 111., June 2.— Sheriff Bagley
made an important arrest yesterday, cap
turine John R. Hicka of Asheville, N. C,
who is wanted in that city for forgeries to
tue extent of $2500. Tne Chief of Police of
that city has traced him to Memphis, San
Francisco, Chicago, New York, Phila
delphia, and finally to this city.
It is claimed that he is wanted in each
of the above cities, where he has done some
very smooth work and secured several
thousand dollars. Hicks expressed no
surprise over his arrest, and states that he
has been expecting it at any time. He is
the son of a prominent family of Asbeville.
Suicide of a Speculator.
CHICAGO, 111., June 2.— A. L. Hend3r
son, who was at one time a director in the
Chicago Board of Trade and one of the
heaviest speculators in the West in seeds
and grains, committed suicide in this city
this afternoon. He first entered in busi
ness in Chicago in 1869. He failed in 1893
•ud it is said that he has been despondent
ever since.
Heath of Mia* Delafleld.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— Miss
Susan Parish Delaneld disd here yester
day. Miss De!atield was the eldest daugh
ter of the late Major-General Richard Dela
neld, chief of engineers, U. S. A., and Har
riet Baldwin Covington of Sa;i Francisco.
Miss Delafield was a communicant of
Epiphany Parish, in Washinuton, and was
a member of the Army and Navy Auxil
iary. She was a niece of tl>e late Major
Joseph Delatield ana the late Dr. Edward
Delafit-ld. She was a cousin of Sidney Law
Johnson, a prominent lawyer of San Fran
cisco.
Death of Judge. Steams.
DULUTH, Mixn., June 2.— A telegram
from San Diego, Cal.. announces the
death of Judge Ozora P. Steams of this
city. Judge Steams moved to Califo*rnia
six months ago, hoping the change would
benefit his health. I' 1 1 8 *>2 he raised a
company for the Ninth Minnesota Volun
teers, an.l in 1863 he was commissioned
colonel of the Thirty-ninth United States
colored troops. In 1871 he was elected to
the United States Senate fnom Minnesota,
and in 1874 he was appointed Jadge of the
Eleventh Judicial District, which omce he
held four terms.
Wrecked by Cattle.
BUTTE, Mont., June 2.— An ea«tbound
Northern Pacific passenger train this
morning ran into a band of cattle near
Groycliffe and was wrecked. Two un
known tramps were killed and a colored
man serious'y injured. Conductor Kidd
and Express Messenger Irish were slightly
injured.
Arrest of an Attorney.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2.— Upon a tele
gram from Chief of Police Glass of Los An
geles John A. Qualey, an attorney of Los
Angeles, was arrested here to-night charged
with fraud, larceny ami being a fugitive
from justice. Qualey disappeared from
Los Angeles May 14 last.
Murderer Windrath Sane.
CHICAGO, 111., June 2.— The insanity
trial of Joseph H. Windrath, convicted of
the murder of Carry B. Birch, was ended
this morning, the Jud^e returning a ver
dict that the defendant is sane.
SAFE IN SEATTLE HARBOR
Unexpected Home Coming of the
Steamer Utopia From
Alaska.
Had Been Reported Wrecked and
Fast Going to Pieces in Turn
again Arm.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 2.— After an
absence of about two months, having
sailed from Seattle on April 4, with 121
passengers for Resurrection Creek, Cooks
Inlet, the steamer Utopia arrived in port
this afternoon. It was in charge of Cap
tain John O Brien, who has been almost
at death's door from the effects of an
operation since the arrival of the vessel at
Coal Point, on April 14.
On account of an ice jam in Turnagain
Arm the Utopia had to remain at Coal
Point until April 28. On the following day
it succeeded in landing its passengers at
their destination — Resurrection Creek. It
returned to Coal Point and carried 167 of
the Lakme's passengers to Six-mile.
Reports sent out by the steamer Bertha
and Danube, to the effect that the Utopia
was driven in a pale on to' the beach in
Turnagain Arm and left in such position
that it was breaking to pieces, is character
ized by the steamer's officers as maliciously
false. They say that all vessels have to
go upon the sands in order to effect a
landing.
The new pilot- boat W. J. Brynnt, while
in the sand, so the Utopia's officers pay,
settled upon a rocK and tore off the boot of
its keel. It was so strained that with high
tide the vessel filled and sank. At low
tide holes were bored and the water
emptied, after which the Bryant was
corked and floated again. The Bryant
sailed from TurnagHi ' : Arrii, interring to
return to its home port a day in advance
of the Utopia, which got away on May 14.
Some anxiety is felt for its safety, tiiousjh
not by her principal owner, Captain W. J.
Bryant, who is inclined to discredit the
report that the ve&sel had lost any portion
of its keel.
The Utopia reports that there are about
1000 miners operating on Sis-mile and
Resurrection creeks, and probably as
many more on the other tributaries of
Turnagain Arm, which is now free from
ice. The season opened about the middle
of May, but prior to that time there was
much misery and suffering;.
BAKE R CITY CLOUDBURST,
Buildings at the Red Boy Mine
Are Carried From Their
Foundations.
Miraculous Escape of the Occupants
From Death in a Rag>ng
Torrent
BAKER CITY, Or., June 2.— A cloud
burst over the Red Boy mining camp yes
terday afternoon, completely wrecking the
miners' boarding-house. The inmates,
consisting of William Brown and wife and
George Donaldson, had a miraculoun es
cape from instant death, as the flood
moved the wrecked building to within a
few feet of Clear Creek, which at that time
was a raging torrent. The office building
and mine headquarters were moved from
their foundations, but otherwise escaped
damage. The mill and the miners' cabins
were not within the range of the flood.
E. J. Godfrey, owner of the mine; Pro
fessor G. Bailey, George Barrett and Wil.
liam Kehoe, the foreman, were asleep in
the headquarters building when it was
pushed from its foundation. They jumped
up, and looking through the windows saw
the whole mouth of Congo Gulch fillet!
with a tangled mass of logs moving
swiftly toward the boarding- :ouse across
the flat. The lower story of the house
was crushed instantly. The house rose
slowly into the air and then drifted to
ward the seething waters of Clear Creek,
not more than twenty feet distant.
At that moment they were miraculously
delivered from death. Instead of being
engulfed, the jam of logs broke; the tor
rent of waters rushed through the gap and
the danger was passed.
The boarding-Wase, which was an old
log structure, will immediately be replaced
with a new frame building. About 400
feet of pipe line will have to be renewed,
but otherwise the damage was very light,
and the people are grateful for having es
caped with their lives. The buildings are
situated on a little island in Clear Creek,
about 400 feet in width.
MARIN COUNTY'S DEFAULTER.
■ ■, " .
Deputy Tax Collector Louden Arrested
and Imprisoned.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June Robert
Louden, the defaulting Deputy Tux Col
lector of this county, was arrested this
morning and charged with embezzling
$3500 of the State and county funds. He
was unable to give bonds. His prelimi
nary examination will be held next Thurs
day before Justice Gardner. He was well
known here as a member of the Masons,
United Workmen, Knights of Pythns and
Foresters of America. \ His bondsmen, A.
Scown, M. F. Cochrane and James W.
! Cochrane, have made good the defalcation.
Stramtr Sunk nt Avon.
SEATTLE. Wash., June 2.— The Skagit
River steamer Munroe ran into the Great
Northern Railroad bridg* at Avon on Sat
urday night and was sunk in thirty feet
of water. Passengers and crew narrowly
escaped drowning.
OREGON ELECTS
TWO POPULISTS,
Quinn and Vanderberg Lead
the Candidates for
Congress.
LEGISLATURE IS SAFE.
The Republicans Will Have a
Heavy Majority on Joint
Ballot.
PENNOYER'S PLURALITY GROWS
Chosen Mayor of Portland by a Hand
some Vote — The Senatorial
Struggle.
PORTLAND, Or., June 2.— Election re
turns from outside counties continue to
come in slowly and scatteringly. The next
Legislature will be Republican by a good
majority.
Chairman Hirsch of tue Republican
State Committee claims sixty members
out of ninety on joint ballot, including
twelve hold-over Senators. Of these
thirty-one are known to be electee!, and
he concedes ten Populists elected, with one
hoin-over an'! two Democrats.
There are thus fifty-s;x members known
to have won and forty-four yet to be heard
from. Oi the latter thirteen are in Mult
nomah County, all of whom will be Re
publicans.
The only contest in Portland is between
the regular Republican nominees and the
Mitchell Republicans. The impurla;.t
question is whether or not Senator Mitch
ell will have enough for re-election. Should
he carry Mnltnomah County his re-elec
tion is assured.
Returns to-night from 32 precincts of
Multnomah County out of 73 in the city
give the resular Republican Legislative
ticket 2292 and the Mitchell ticket 1539. It
is probable that the Mitchell ticket wilt
increase as the count proceeds, as precincts
carrying the labor vote have not been
counted.
Latent returns of the vote on Supreme
.ludije in Mulmomah County give Bean,
Republican, 4135; Aston, Populist, 1710;
Burnett, Dem crat, 12H8. All parties con
cede Bean's election by a plurality rang
ing from 20,000 to 35.000.
It now seems thattjuinn (Pop.) is elected
to Congress in the Second District. In
Portland Eilis (regular Republican) has
1779 votes in 32 precincts out of 73, North
up (Ind., R., sound money) 2706, Quinn
(Pop.) 2108 and Bennett (D.) 402.
Chairman Hirsch of tne Republican
State Committee concedes the election of
W. ' S. Vanderberg (Pop.) over Thomas H.
Tongue (R.) by a plurality of 1740. Thus
Oregon will have one Populist Repre
sentative, and very likely two, in Con
gress. .. . Viv>:j.i<U:is-> . . . .
As the count proceeds the plurality of
ex-Governor Pennoyer, Democratic-Popu
list ana tax-payers candidate for Mayor,
continues to swell. It is now 1930, with
less than one-half the votes counted.
At the Mitchell Republican headqnar
ters it was given out that an attempt
would be made to steal ballot-boxes, and
volunteers were called for to go out and
guard the polls.
Volunteers were instructed to be well
armed for an attack. Somewhat of a seri
ous scrimmage occurred in the Third
Ward when an evident attempt to steal
one of the boxes was made. There was
intense excitement when the culprit was
detected.
SILVER WINS AT STOCKTON.
"Sound" Money Men Routed in Demo-
cratic Primaries — Yield Without
a Fight.
STOCKTON. Cal., June 2.— The Demo
cratic primary elections were held in this
city to-n!ght, with the result that tne
silver men carried everything before them.
In the ward meetings last night several
representatives of the "goldbug" faction
were placed upon the regular tickets, but
only for personal reasons and with the
knowledge that they would be harmless
when it came to sending a delegation to'
Sacramento pledged to send silver men
to the National Convention. The ward
meetings last night were very harmonious
and the harmony characterized the prim
ary elections to-day.
The County Convention will be held
here next Saturday, when nineteen dele
gates to the State Convention will be se
lected and a new County Committee
named. It is probable that Marion
Devries, the present Assistant District
Attorney, will be indorsed for Congress
from this district. He i.s willing to make
the fight and will give Grove L. Johnson a
harder race for the ottice than any other
Democrat who could be named in the
Second District.
There was not the fight at the primaries
to-day that had been anticipated. For
some time past it had been rumored that
Mint Superintendent Daggett was at work
in the interior with his men for the pur
pose of defeating the plans of the silver
wing of the State Democracy. Chairman
Gould of the State Central Committee was
known to have a leaning toward the gold
side of the nouse, and to head off anything
like a concerted movement to send a dele
gation of gr>ld representatives from this
county to Sucramento, the silver men,
who are strong here, took every precau
tion. They had everything their own
way, for if Dagscett's men did any work
here they were very quiet about it and it
availed them nothing. There was quite a
delegation of Democrats from San Fran
cisco in this city on Sunday, but very few
stayed over to take part in the ward meet
in ps last night or in the primaries 10-niKht.
In the Third Ward alone did any opposi
tion develop to the regular ticket named
last night. Three of those placed upon
the ticket last night were sidetracked for
personal and other motives. Here the
American Protect. ye Association and its
opponents did some secret righting. E. E.
Phillips, formerly Democratic Street Sup
erintendent and who ran at the last elec
tion on the American Protective Associa
tion ticket, was downed, receiving only
eight out of sixty-five votes cast. C. O.
Bohlen was another marked for the
slaughter because he was said to be a
member of the American Protective Asso
ciation, and he got only nine votes. John
Kiliion, on the other hand, was defeated
for the reason, it is claimed, that he is an
Irish Catholic. Thomas Poole, W. S.
Fowler and M. L. Sims took the places of
this trio.
In the other wards matters went on
very smooth iy, and in every instance Ihe
men slated last night on the ticket were
elected. In the First Ward sixty-six votes
were cast, and there were but four
scratches, no names being substituted for
those scratched, lv the Second Ward but
thirty-nine votes were cast and all went
for the regular ticket. In the Fourth
forty-six straight votes were cast, all going
for the ticket selected last niglit.
This insures a silver convention here
next Saturday. There seem? little doubt
but that the delegation to Sacramento on
the 16th will go pledged to do all they can
for silver.
Frank Gould will have a seat in Satur
day's convention as a delegate from the
Second Ward, as will also Frank D. Nicol,
W. M. Gibson, Marion Devries. J. Walter
Smith and John D. Gall, all prominent in
the councils of the local Democracy.
LOS ANGELES PRIMARIES.
Anti-Railroad Democrat* Claim a Sweep-
ing Victory.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., June 2.-Had a j
Kanaka from the Hawaiian lava- bed?, un
acquainted with the ways of American
ward politicians, seen the pulling, hauling
and general hustling about tUQ Demo
cratic primaries in this city to-night, he
would have imagined the fate of the Na
tion depended upon the action of the Los
Angeles County Democracy. Political
slanj; has yclept the factions "long nairs,"
or "purity crowd," and "short hairs"
or "trinity"— the Buckley-Huntington-
Liquor Dealers' Protective Association ag
gregation. Two days, or possibly a week,
must intervene before an accurate esti
mate can be made as to which faction won.
Each accuses the other of all manner of
skullduggery and jobs innumerable in put
ting up t ickets. The primaries in the
country were held this afternoon, and the
"long hairs"— the Stcveiis-Patton-Harris
anti-railroad people claim to have made a
big winning and to be able to organize the
county convention here on the l.'tth inst.
There are about forty precincts in this
city, and the railroad-Buckley crowd had
the better of the tight in most of the
wards. Marsh, of this faction, has been >
industrious of late, circulating the report !
that the "short hairs " didn't care low the |
primaries wenr, but the scramble to-night ■
around the polling-places contradicted j
this. The country people had an easy j
time of it, for in most cases there was but j
one ticket in the field.
The county will have thirty-nine dele- ;
gates in the State convention— the largest
delegation of any county outside of San !
Francisco. The trouble about figuring out j
odds in favor of either faction lies in the j
fact that the real position of many country
delegates is unknowi to the leaders in this ;
city. The Seventh and Eighth Wards of
the city are conceded to the railroad
people, while the First and Ninth are
claimed for the purity folks under the
banner of Gaffey and Stephens. The
Second Ward will probably be annexed by
the "old guard," but in all other wards j
bitter contests and sturdy struggles for the
mastery of control of the delegates to the j
county convention liave been waged, and
the result is in doubt.
A notable result of the primaries here
to-night was the defeat of General C. F. A.
Last of the State militia as a delegate,
which puts him out of the way for the j
chairmanship of the County Convention, i
*or which he was booked by "the Mitcnell-
Marsh-Buckley faction. A serious per- ■
sonal encounter occurred between Major
W. R. Burke of the State Central Commit
tee and Editor Creighton of the Herald,
wherein Burke attempted to draw a pistol,
but was prevented dv friends of the com
batants. J. Marion Brooks, lately ap
pointed by Governor Budd as a Normal
School trustee, was elected in the Fourth
Ward, as was M. If. O^den, Governor
Budd's secretary during the campaign, in
the Third Ward. In this ward the police
were called out to prevent a railroad
gravel earn: from voting.
The talk is now that the shorthairs will
Stead for ex-Governor Merrill of Pomona j
for chairman of the County Convention, j
At a late hour both sides claim a majority i
of the delegates.
Memdocino Uetnocrats.
UKIAH, Cal., June 2.— Almost com
plete returns from the Democratic pri
maries held last Saturday indicate that ■
the nominees at the next general election
will be: J. B. Sanford, for Assemoly; j
J. Q. White, for Superior Judge; C. P.
Smith, for Supervisor of this district.
The convention will be held at this place
on Thursday next.
Chico Democratic Pritnarie*.
CHICO, Cal., June 2.— The Democrats
held their primaries here to-day, electing
Colonel Park Henshaw and Jo. D. Sproul
as delegates to the Stale Convention.
Suicide Hear Winter*.
WINTERS, Cal., June 2.— John P.
Schantz, an old and respected citizen of
Yolo County, was found dead at his home
near W T inters this morning. It is believed
he committed suicide. The old gentleman
had been financially embarrassed of late,
and his property was about to be taken
away from him." He had also been in
volved in litigation, which caused him
considerable trouble.
MEW TO-PAT.
BOYS'— 1
Boys' vacation clothes direct j
from the manufacturers.
The profit that pays the
retailer to keep the store
open as long as he sells but ,
a few suits a day — that nice
round difference between the
wholesale and retail price —
we leave to you, the buyers 4
BROWN~^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
The retailer's price for a
suit buys the same suit here
and a month's pocket money
thrown in.
BOYS' OUTING and
VACATION SUITS, 4 to
14 years, $2 and up, short
pants; 12 to 18 years, $5,
coat, vest and long pants,
$7 50 to $10 anywhere else.
Vacation
PORTLAND'S DEAD
RETURNS TO LIFE.
Frank Sevenson Surprises
Relatives Who Wept at
His Grave.
FOUND IN AN ASYLUM.
Deserts His Family, Acquires a
Fortune and Is Crazed by
His Good Luck.
RICHES FOR WIFE AND SON.
Strange Reunion Following the Con'
flagration Which Laid Cripple
Creek in Ashes.
PORTLAND, Or., June 2.- About three
years ago Frank Sevenson, then (em
ployed in the Southern Pacific shops, left
his home one morning to go to work, but
he never reached his destination. Neither
did he return to his home and family, near
Sullivan's Gulch, that night, and inquiry
at the residence of the foreman under
whom he labored elicited the information
that Sevenson had not been seen all day.
Search for him proved fruitless until three
weeks later, when a decomposed body was
fished out of the water, which Mrs. Seven
son and her two children identified as that
of the missing man. Over the grave which
contains the corpse is a marble slab bear
ing Sevenson's name.
Whether he committed suicide or
whether his death was accidental could
not be ascertained with any degree of
certainty. Mrs. Sevenson stated that her
husband had often complained of his ina
bility to get ahead in the world, and at
such times he would express a weariness
of life. The widow was left penniless, but
Henry Strandoff of the East Side, who had
been a schoolmate of ber husband in the
o!d country, advanced sufficient funds to
pay the expenses of a trip for hex and her
two children to Cheyenne. Wyo., where
the had well-to-do relatives. But all this
i 3 merely preliminary to the relation of a
strange romance.
Henry Strandoff on Saturday received
a letter from Mrs. Sevenson, dated at Den
ver, Colo., startline him with the informa
tion that her husband was not dead, but
was at present confined in the Colorado
Insane Asylum. She writes that her old
est son, now 20 years of age, went to Crip
ple Creek soon after the late fire to accept
a position in a railroad office. He had
been there a few days only when the sup
posedly dead and buried Sevenson called
on him on business.
"I think even at the time he de-erted us
Mr. Sevenson must have been out of his
mind, for he had always been very solici
tous about our welfare and comfort,"
added Mrs. Sevenson. "He told Willie
that after he had been prospecting about
the vicinity of Cripple Creek for almost a
month ne struck a lead for which he was
at once offered $5000. He refused the
offer, but three weeks later his good luck
made him insane and he was confined in
an asyluru for eighteen months. After his
release he had great trouble in re
gaining his mining property, and when
be had succeeded in that he
addressed several letters to me in East
Portland. As I was in Cheyenne, they
were returned to him.
"Two days after I was with them my
husband again became crazy, and now his
condition is very critical. 1 have him here
in a private asylum, but the doctors say
that he is an incurable and cannot survive
long. I have satisfied myself that his
property is worth nearer $200,000 than
$75,000 and shall at once apply for an ap
pointment as guardian over his person and
estate."
The question that now naturally arises
is: Who was the person buried three years
aeo as Sevenson?
34
CONFESSES IN
SAN DIEGO JAIL.
Murderer Ebanks Describes
the Taking of Two
Lives.
HE IS READY TO DIE.
How Mrs. Harriet' Stiles and
Her Aged Father Were
Slain.
SHOT DOWN WITHOUT CAUSE.
The' Woman Given Time in Which
to Pray Before Killed by
a Bullet.
SAN* DIEGO, Cal., June 2.— Joseph
Japhet Ebanks has confessed to the mur
der ol Mrs. Harriet Stiles and her aged
father, John 1). Borden, the crime having
occurred at the mussel beds, a few miles
north of Oceanside on September 10 last.
The victims had been camping on the
beach. Ebanks was captured on Septem
ber 14. His trial ended January 22, when
he was found guilty of the murder of Mrs.
Siiles. Two months later Judge Pierce
sentenced him to be hanged, fixing the
date at June 19. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court by Ebanks', attorneys,
and the appeal is still pending.
Ebanks sent word by Jailer D. S. Wilber
v that he wanted to sea the District
Attorney. When that official appeared
Ebanks said he had a statement to make,
Dul would like to have Assistant District
Attorney Utley, Sheriff Jennings, Deputy
{■Sheriff Fred Jennings and a stenographer
present. These persons were summoned
hastily, and Ebanks made a confession in
his peculiar idiom.
He told of coming down the railroad
track wita one Garges and seeing the tent
on the beach. He had eaten au orange he
found beside the track, and it made him
deathly sick. He went down to the tent
to see if he could not get some medicine.
There he found the aged Borden and his
daughter, Mrs. Stiles, aged about 56. He
greeted them by saying:
"I'm sick; give me something. I feel as
if I was dying."
He said the old man turned around and
noticed that the muzzle of a revolver was
showing out of a sack Ebanks was carry
ing. The old man went back toward a cot
ar.d said he would get something to relieve
Ebanks. What followed is told by the
murderer:
"I do not know that I said anything to
the man at all, but it was only just my
opinion that the man was then looking for
something possibly to shoot me with. He
walked away toward the cot and I did not
know what he was doing behind the cot.
I sat then in the chair and fired at him
and I shot the old gentleman. I did not
know at that time where I had hit him,
but he fell. Then the old lady sung out to
me, "My God, he had no gun. I sat there
and l looked at him and I looked at her
and I begged her to hitch a team and go
away and let me eet away. I was sorry
for what I had done.
"The woman said to me — I do not just
remember the first words that were
fcpoken — but anyway, I said to her, says I,
'Now I am awful sorry for what I have
done, and his own foolishness caused it';
now, says I, 'what is I going to do about
it to get rid of this? The only way out
now for me' — says I— 'l know your life is
sweet and mine is sweet and we all thinks
that your life is sweeter to you than mine
is to me. 1 suppose you think so, and'
says I, 'I think about the same, I suppose,
but the only way out of this for me is
to kill you along with him, and for me to
make my|escape.'
"And I said to the woman, 'I suppose I
ain't got much time to think this matter
over. Ihe best thin? for you to do is to
g*'t to praying for yourself ; I may possi
bly have to shoot you.'
•The woman knelt down by the cot and
she stayed there and I dropped tears over
that woman; but I thought the only
refuge for myself was to shoot that woman.
After the woman raised from her knees
and turned around, she looked at me and
phe did not say anything. I held the gun
laying across " ray" lap and I shot her;
where, 1 do not know, up until to-day.
She kind of fell back on the cot or against
something, but I saw she was just in mis
ery. The wound did not kill her— it did
not look like it to me— and I shot the
woman the secofcd time.
"With that I walked over to the cot
where this man was laying to see and to
be certain that there was no weapon there
that he was looking for to injure me.
After examining behind the cot and
around tne cot and seeing that there was
no weapon there, before God I felt worse.
"I walked back to the door and I tried
lhat gun three times in succession to my
own breast, but she refused to go. I then
turned around, and the old gentleman had
some movement in some part of his body,
or made rue think that he suffered, and I
tried it tho fourth time on him and she
went; off, and I think that was the shot
thru was through his body."
Ebanks concluded his confession by say
ing that his one desire was to see his chil
dren once more. They are on the island
of Grand Cayman, West Indies. He says
he wishes his appeal withdrawn and "is
feady to die any time.
HEADING FOB QUIEN SABE
f Continued from Firtl I>aot.\
the hills, only to discover that there was
notDin^ to the story whatever. \Vadlanl3
had manufactured it out of whole cloth.
At B late hour the party reached a point
five miles distant from Coe's ranch. It
was necessary to walk the rest of the way
-■ier to make a short cut. "Wad lams
lid he guessed he'd remain with the team
.1 not go to Coe's ranch. The officers
left him with the rig and started off aloii^
v trail.
Upon reaching the ranch Coe was
aroused and came out. When he learned
of the purpose of the officers' visit he de
olared the entire story a fake; that he had
;:t seen Dunham ; had not sold a rifle or
food to any stranger. The party then ei
amined the roads and bridges by means of
lanterns, biit failed to find any pointed
shoe prints or bicycle tracks. They started
back over the rough road, pausing ocna
nionaliy to kick themselves. On their way
baclc they discussed the various kinds of
punishment that should be meted out to
Wadlams. When they reached the team
in charge of Wadlams the latter asked:
"Did you see Coe?"
"Yes, we saw him and he Bays the whole
vain is false."
"Weil, I didn't think he'd admit it,"
said Wadlams.
BIS SHOES NOT MATES.
iiunham'i Peculiar footgear Excited
Comment at School.
1 SAN JOSE, 'Cal.', June 2.— Edward
Doyly, who resides at the corner of Second
and Empire streets, was a schoolmate of
Dunham's at the Washburn School.
Speaking of this, Doyly said to-night:
"I went to school with the murderer for
about a month, and tised to sit next to
him. He seemed quite studious, but the
boys at the school always noticed that he
never wore shoes that were mates. In the
morning when Dunham would come to
school we would at once glance at his feet,
and would always see one shoe with a
pointed toe and the other either square or
round pointed. They were all apparently
the same size and" in good condition.
When he saw us noticing bis feet, he
would show little embarrassment. We
'joshed' him, but he never got mad."
This reported peculiarity gives some ba
sis of truth to the reiterated story of the
track of a singie pointed shoe that has
comedown from the mountain. It i» re
peated ajrain that the searchers in Indian
Gulch hive found such tracks at intervals
leading from near where the buckskin
horse was found to the head of the gulch
and clearly indicating that they were the
same as those followed the day betore in
the SaH Isabel. From Indian Gulch Dun
ham could have made his way down the
the Alameda and out by Niles or over the
ridee south into the Pachcco Mountains.
There, it is believed, he would be safe
among the many Mexican convicts who
live there, and who, while his money holds
out, might be expected to protect him.
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE.
The Campbells Demon Desired to Fur
chase a Saloon.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 2.— Byron Cottle
of this city, who has formed one of the
Sheriff's posse in the search for James C.
Dunham, knew the muruerer very well.
A week or ten days before the murder
Dunham came to Cottle, and telling him
that he had a few hundred dollars to in
vest in some business by wnich he could
make plenty of money without working
hard, asked his advice as to opening a sa
loon. Cottle told him he thought there
was little money in it in thb city, ana ad
vise! him, if lie really wanted to open a
saloon, to seek some small town where
there wus a good payroll, suggesting the
Utica mine.
"That is at Angels Camp," said Dun
ham ; "1 know the place. The trouble is
that the men are not allowed to spend
their money in whisky up there. If they
are caught doing so they are discharged. '
In further conversation Dunham showed
himself to be quite familiar with many
places in the north end of the State. Cot
tle saw Dunham on Monday, the day be
fore the murder, and talked witn him
along similar lines. This would indicate
that there was more than a disposition to
annoy his wiie in Dunham's vanous
threats to go to Texas, open a saloon and
gamblinc-house and rear his son in the
Catholic faith. Evidently the first part of
the threat, at least, had formed as some
thing of a purpose in his mind.
BEFORE THE TRAGEDY.
Movements of the Murderer of the Mc-
Olincy Family Iraced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 2.— The Call
correspondent has to-day been able to trace
for the first time almost every movement
of the murderer on the day of the crime.
Ht had not been at home on Monday night.
He went to Osgood's bicycle store, on First
street, early Monday morning, before
school. He had left his bicycle there to
have a tire put on it.
The tire, which had been repaired, was
coming from the F.ast, but had not ar
rived Dunham went to the place
on a borrowed wheel, asked about
the tire, wa9 told that it had
not arrived, met there James Weils,
one of his victims of Tuesday night,
and assisted Wells in reparing a pedal on
the latter's tandem. On gome away he
took his own bicycle with him without
the tire, much to Osgood s surprise.
The supposition has always been and
still remains that he hid the wheel in the
brush somewhere where it would aid him
in his escape.
Dunham went to school on Tuesday
and remained until the close of the
session. He did not take his hooks with
him, as was his daiiy custom. About 4
o'clock he made his appearance in the
neighborhood of the Willows, where is the
Fenniman property, upon which he held a
mortgage.
He made inquiries among several of the
residents about land and its value, which
he hal been doing for some time since he
threatened to foreclose this mortgage.
He asked a small boy to direct him to
the Willow Glen store, followed the direc
tions and went to the etore, which, is on
Willow street.
"He loafed about the store for an hour,*'
said A. E. Winslow, the proprietor, to
night. "I did not know hkn — had never
seen him before that I know of — and
tnoueut it rather strange that a young
man from Campbells should be over nere
with no apparent business to call
him here. 1 thought he might bet
ter be at home picking cherries,
or something of the kind, and I asKed him
if they did not have any cherries over there.
He replied pleasantly enough, 'Oh, yes;
we have a few.' lam not sayintr, mind
you, that this was Dunham, but it was the
?anie man whom my neighbor, Frank
Spring, afterward talked toand whom he
says wp.s Dunham. He knows him well.
He went away from the store about 5
o'clock or something after. He saw Spring
and talked to him."
Frank Spring keeps a blacksmith-shop
just next to the Willow Glen store. He
was formerly in the same business at
Campbells, "in an interview to-night he
sa id :
"I was away from the shop Tuesday
afternoon and was returning to it about 6
o'clock. 1 was passing Dunham at a point
between the shop and the electric street
cars without noticing him. When Dun
ham said 'Hello, Frank!' I stopped in
some surprise, for I had not seen
Dunham for a long time. I said, ' What
are you doing over here at this time of
night?' He answered, 'O, just walking
about.' I asked him why he was walking
and he said he had broken his wheel.
"We talked about indifferent matters
until I started to jro. 1 asked him
if he intended to wallc back, and he
said 'Yes.' 1 then advised him to go
through the orchard, which is a much
nearer way, toward Campbells, but he said
the eround was too soft and too dusty. He
started away toward the electric cars."
It is known that Dunham took the cars
and rode to Dry Creek. He was seen
about 8 o'clock jioing up Dry Creek by a
young man who was walking there with a
lady. Dunhan? knew the young man, but
he passed with his head down and without
speaking. This brought the murderer to
the scene of his crime at an hour but
shortly befoie the horn ble work was begun.
STILL NEAR MOUNT HAMILTON.
>o Trace of Dunham Found in the
San Joaquin ('alley.
MODESTA, Cal., June 2.— Sheriff
Purvis has returned from a two days'
search in the Coa^t Range on this side,
opposite Santa Clara County, for Murderer
Dunham. The Sheriff went up the
canyons through which a man could cross
the mountains into the San Joaquin
Valley. He found no trace, and says
Dunham could not have crossed the
range and taken a train out of the valley.
He showed the residents of the passes and
canyons a photo of Dunham and put all
on guard.
BICKMAN'S SUNFIUIOCN GUEST.
J'eculiar Actions of a Stranger Who Jte-
tetnbled the Fugitive.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 2.— A. B. Costi
gan <fc Co. of Hickman, on the Copper
opolis road and on the Oakdale division of
the Southern Pacific, report that on Thurs
day night a man stopped at the hotel at
Hicknian who answered the description of
Murderer Dunham. He was driving two
mules attached to a mountain buggy and
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896
I had with him a rifle and a shottrun. The
I man appeared to be uneasy and tnxious
| to hurry on. While in Hicknian he offered
to sell his mules and vehicle for $75.
From Hickman the man drove south
ward, saying that he was bound for Los
Angeles. He seemed no ill at ease while
at Hickman that attention was drawn to
him, and then it was scon that he greatly
I resembled the published description of the
murderer of the McGlincys at Campbell.
It is not believed here that the man seen
at Hickmau was Dunham. The Sheriff's
j office was not notified of the stranger's
appearance and the officials are skeptical.
RADY DUNHAM'S NEW HOME.
M. T. Bretcer Becomes the Guardian oj
the Murderer's Child.
Surrounded by the comforts of an ele
gant home, Baby Dunham, robed in dainty,
fleecy garments, is dreaming away the
sleepy hours of his dawning childhood.
His grandaunt, Mrs. M. T. Brewer, has
taken him to her home on Turk street,
where he is destined to remain, for yester
day Judge Slact granted letters of guard
ianship to M. T. Brewer.
"He doesn't look as though he were the
sole survivor of a wholesale slaughter,
does he?" said Mrs. Brewer last night,
I gazing fondly upon the infant, which lay
slumbering in her lap. "Here the baby
is safe from barm. We intend to bring
him up far from the scene of the dreadful
tragedy, on which his infant eyes must
have rested."
The tiny subject of Mrs. Brewer's re
marks here opened his «yes and crowed in
proper baby fashion. No shade of death
and horror seems to overhang the murder-
I er's child, who smiles and chuckles to him
! self at a surprising rate. Though strong
I and healthy for his age, and wide awake
to boot, his grandaunt does not consider
him capable of looking out for himself,
and even seems to doubt her own efficient
! vigilance, and accordingly a formidable
police officer is quartered in the house.
"I'm a new hand at the business," ob
| served this minion of law last night, when
j rallied on his appointment. "I've managed
J. J. Donovan of San Francisco, Elected State President of ths Ancient Order
of Hibernians.
criminals and drunks ana crazy folks,
but this is my first place caring for a baby,
and I need a day or two to learn the
ropes."
The McGlincy family was always a
happy and singularly united one until Dun
ham made his unfortunate entry into it.
Mrs. Wells had been a school teacher, was
well educated and her children loved and
trusted her. She gave them an excellent
education. With her husband, Wells,
she came here in 1867 and they bought
their place near the Willows when land I
was very cheap. Wells was a soldier and
they came here for his health. He seemed j
to get better for a time, but died in 1886 or
thereabouts. McGlincy was on the estate
at the time of Wells' death or came some
what later.
He also was a soldier, had served in a
cavalry regiment of the Confederate army,
and was wounded. He was present at the
surrender of General Lee.
Mrs. Wells' marriage to McGlincy does
not seem to have marred the relationship
of mother and children, as the latter soon
looked to him as their father. Mrs. Mc-
Glincy remained as the head of the family.
She was a practical, level-headed woman, 1
and an excellent manager. She tried to i
have her husband take the lead on the j
farm, but he manifested little talent for di
recting affairs, and so she continued to do
so. The children had such trust La her that
they made no motion to secure their
separate portions in the property after
i their father's death.
When Dunham wiped out this entire j
family he no doubt knew that his wife !
had been practically left out of her j
mother's will, and so he made the way I
clear for his son by that wife to inherit !
the entire property owned by the people j
he hated.
HELD IN WEAVERVILLE JAIL
Vinton, Haydon, Gregory and Radcliffe
Must Answer for the Death of
"Jack" Littlefield.
WEAVER VILLB, Cal.. June 2.-The
preliminary examination of John M. Vin
ton, Thomas Haydon, Jo Gregory and
Fred itadcliffe, charged with complicity ;
in the murder of "Jack" Littlefield, in j
Round Valley, on September 29 last, closed i
this morning. The defense offered no tes- !
timony, and moved that the defendants !
be discharged on the ground that the cvi- !
dence was insufficient to warrant holding '•
them over. The motion was denied, and
Justice Philbrook held the defendants for \
trial before the Superior Court without !
bail. Their trials will probably be held in
July.
Treatise on Election Law.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 2.— The !
new treatise on the elettion laws of the I
State of California, a3 compiled by Secre
tary of State L. H. Brown, and issued in
pamphlet form, ia a remarkably concise
and complete work. In addition to the
laws governing primaries and elections
Mr. Brown has included article II of the
constitution, treating of the rights of
suffrage; forms of poll lists; all tne sec
tions of the Penal Codf treating on crimes
against the election franchise; the act to
promote the purity of elections, as passed I
by the Legislature of 1893; the sections of
civil procedure on contests of elections,
and all proposed constitutional amend
ments.
Failure at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 2.— L. A. Treen
& Co., proprietors of the oldest and largest
boot and shoe house in this city, went into
insolvency to-day as the result of a suit
begun by Eddy it Webster. Their liabili
ties are $20,000 und assets $30,000.
1»IK1>.
CAI.DON— In Oakland, .lune 2. 1896, Mftgffle,
dearly beloved wife of John Caldon, and sister of
Charles Hurley o: Concord. Mellle aud James
Hurley of San Francisco, Sirs. McCarthy of St.
Helena and Mrs. Heardon of Calistoga.
Jo9~?<o:ice of funeral hereafter.
HIBERNIANS AT
THE GARDEN CITY,
Donovan of San Francisco
Elected President of
the Order.
NEW OFFICES CREATED.
Young Men in Friendly Rivalry
With the "Old Guard" in
the Convention.
FEAST AND JOKE AT NIGHT.
Two Hundred Guests Present at a
Banquet Given in Their
Honor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 2.— The Ancient
Order of Hibernians possess the happy
faculty of blending business with pleasure;
of extracting what enjoyment there is in
life, yet looking after the cares and duties
that beset all humans. To-day the con
vention in session in this city elected olri-
cers and transacted other business im
portant to the order; to-night they feasted
and joked.
The delegates were re-enforced to-day by
many new arrivals. Fully 200 delegates
attended the forenoon session, and the
number was still further increased at 2
o'clock, the hour appointed for the elec
tion of State officers. Among the dele
gates who arrived in tne forenoon were:
Division No. 9, Sao Francisco— John C. Ryan,
j president; Rev. Father O'Connell, chaplain; J.
F. McDonald, vice-president; Owen Kerrigan,
recording secretary; M. P. Haley, P. J. Man
ning.
Division No. 10, San Francisco— Colonel J.
J. O'Byrne.
Division No. 2. Sau Francisco— Bartley Lee,
Martin Tracy.
Division No. 4, Alameda— Daniel M. Murphy,
Daniel Rhechan.
Division No. 15, San Francisco — Jennings
Phillips, T. B. Hilliard.
Division No. 5, San Francisco — P. J. Hagan.
Division No. 18, San Francisco— M. Boden.
Division No. 19, San Francisco— J. P. Mc
| Goldrick.
J Division No. 20, San Francisco — J. A. Brien,
M. IVnnel.
Division No. 1, Santa Crui— Michael Curry.
P. J. Wanmosex, county delegate, San Fran
cisco.
The proceedings to-day began with ora
tory. At the afternoon session there were
i great oratorical flights. The banquet to
! night was the apotheosis of oratory. It
j was observed this morning that the very
j atmosphere seemed to be surcharged with
I eloquence, and the phenomenon could not
I be explained until the arrival of Colonel
I J. J. O'Byrne from San Francisco. He spoke
I at the mornine session and received ova
| tions and applause long continued. The
minutes of the order recorded the speech
as long and patriotic. He peered into the
future and saw what the ancient order
was likely to accomplish under its new
birth. It would bring great blessings to
this country and to the old country. It
would moke better citizens of the young
I men by reason of their observance of re
i iigious duties.
Rev. Father McNally of Oakland
i aroused enthusiasm by an address in
; which he enjoined upon the older mem
j bers to entertain no jealousy or harsh feel-
I ing toward the young. The old should
I give place to the young. As the years go
i on the older members would pass away, \
and unless 11 reserve force was established j
the order would dwindle. The only re- I
serve force was the younjr men, hence the
old members should induce their sons and
others to join.
"What whs more admirable than ayounsr
man filling the chair of president?" the
speaker asked. "He possessed vigor, en- '
ergy and courage to conduct the work. If ,
there should be found any dead weights
in the order, who persisted in showing |
jealousy of the young men and opposition
to vigorous conduct-of the order, the dele
gates should go right down the line and
cut off such weights."
These sentiments created great enthusi
asm. It, should be understood that the
j issue in the convention, or the subject that
demands the greatest attention, is the de
termination expressed that the older mem
bers shall no longer monopolize the honors
of serving in the leading stations.
The amendments to estate and district
by-laws, discussed. so fully in committee
of the whole yesterday, were finally
adopted to-day. The four delegates repre
senting Los Angeles County have been
active from the start in their fight for re
organization. Edward Tynan and Judge
Rynan, effective speakers, commanded
the attention of the convention.
The order as reorganized will have as
new or additional officers a State chaplain
to act as lecturer, three State viee-pre&i
dents aud an advisory board of seven
directors. Still further conforming to the
modern methods of managing iarge so
cieties and benevolent institutions the
convention resolved to create a ladies'
auxiliary. This departure goes to the ex
tent of authorizing each county or dis
trict to organize an auxiliary division of
women, whose efforts will be directed to
the advancement of the order.
During the noon recess there was active
canvassing on behnlf of the candidates for
State president. The younger members
were exceedingly active, but Had cause to
be astonished at the speed displayed by
the "old-timers." The nominating
speeches, frequently interrupted by stormy
demonstrations ofapplause, lasted from 2
until 4:15 o'clock. Ihen a recess of ten
minutes was taken to allow delegates to
prepare their ballots. No yoto was taken
until all the officers on the list were placed
in nomination.
The officers elected by acclamation are:
Rev. p. O. Crowley of Oakland, State
chaplain; Edward Tynan of Los Angeles,
first vice-president; P. Dineen of Vailejo,
second vice-president; E. J. Murphy of
Oakland, third vice-president; Ed I.
Sheahan of San Francisco, State secretary ;
John Kenny, State treasurer.
The first ballot for president gave 51
votes to J. J. Donovan, 34 to Bernard Hig
gins and 24 to J. P. Dignan. On the sec
ond ballot Dignan's name was dropped,
I and Donovan got 53 votes and Higgins 40.
The president-elect is a native of New
York, 52 years of age. He keeps the Cotle
restaurant on Howard street, between
Tenth and Eleventh in San Francisco. He
has lived in California eince 1867 and been
a member of the order since lSsii. As pres
ident Mr. Donovan will co as a delegate to
the National convention, which is to as
semble at Detroit on July 2. The presi
dent-elect is a G. A. R. comrade, belonging
to Colonel Cass Post No. 46, Department
of California and Nevada. He belongs to
Court Lincoln No. 57, Foresters of Amer
ica, and is past chief ranger. As a mem
ber of Friendship Lodge No. 129, U. 0. W.,
he has passed through all the chairs.
When the result was announced there
were loud calls for a speech. Mr. Dono
van made a happy response, and alluding
to his age, which had been urged against
him, spoke of having been born too soon.
He promised to give his best efforts to ad
vance the order in this State, and made
such a good impression that the assembled |
delegates sang, "He's a Jolly Good Fel
low."
An advisory board was elected, consist
ing of D. S. McCarthy, Oakland; Thomas
H. Carr, Nevada City; James Sex, San
Jose; M. Hickson, Los Angeles; M. J.
Wrin, L. 0. Lull, James Kenny, San Fran- |
cisco. The convention then adjourned
until 9 o'clock to-morrow.
Captain Ed I. Sheehan, the State secre
tary elected to-day, is a Native Son, be
longing to Pacific Parlor No. 10. He has
lived in San Francisco all his life.
John Kenny, State treasurer, is a resi
dent of San Francisco, but a native of Ire
land. He is encaged in the wholesale
liquor business. «
Edward Tynan of Los Angeles, first vice
president, has been connected with the
United States postal service in that city
for eleven years. He has been a member
of the order for twenty years and came to
California from Chicago.
The election of Donovan as State presi
dent is not regarded as a victory for the |
younger element of the convention, yet
there is no ill feeling growing out of hif
election. Within twenty minutes after
the result was announced perfect harmony
prevailed.
The committee on finance and the audit
ing committee have been diligently at
work to-day preparing a report on finan
cial matters during the past two years. It
was supposed that the repsrt would be
ready for presentation to-day, but the
great length of time occupied in election
of officers and the adjournment to make
way for the banquet to-night crowded this
business, together with the report of the
committee on resolutions and the presi- j
dent's annual report/over until to-mor
row. Delegates who are familiar witu the j
financial affairs of the order say that j
everything in this regard is clear and ac- j
curate.
The resolutions, which are anticipated
with more than passing interest, wiil ex
press the determination of the order to
begin immediate work in the recruiting |
line. It is said that the membership in
San Francisco may be increased to 25,0 ( -rt).
and in Los Angeles and other places in
Southern California to 10,000.
AT THE RANOVET BOARD.
Hibernians Enjoy Themselves as Only
Erin's [Sons Can.
SAN JO§E, Cal., June 2.— The banquet
thia evening was a compliment bestowed
by the county board of directors, repre
senting the three divisions of the order in
Santa Clara County. The beautiful deco
rations of the Y. M. i. hull were enhanced
by the addition of more flags and stream
ers. Four tables extending the full length
of the hall were spread with inviting
viands, of which 200 guests partook.
Among the guests at the banquet board
were Father Crowley, State chaplain;
Father Maguire, Father Connelly, J. J.
Donovan of San Francisco; President Ber
nard S. Higgins, San Jose, past president;
Edward Tynan of Los Angeles, first vice
president; Ed I. Sheehan of San Fran
cisco, State secretary; P. Deneen o! Va
llpjo, second vice-president; C. W. Murphy
of Oakland, third vice-president; John
Kenny of San Francisco, State treasurer;
1). B. McCarthy of Oakland, Thomas H.
Cam of Nevada City. James P. Sex of San
Jose. Christopher Hickson of Los An
celes, M. J. Wrin, L. C. Cull and James
Kenny, of San Francisco, the last-named
seven being the new members of the State
advisory board. Judge Ryan of Los An
geles, Colonel J. J. Byrne of Snn Fran
cisco and William Bowdin and James Mc-
Kagney of San Jose occupied places of
distinction at. the feast. The balance of
the party included the dcleiratea to the
convention.
At 10 o'clock the guests were seated.
William Bowdin invited Father Crowley
to invoke divine grace.
The speech-making was preluded by a
brief but well-phrased address by Past
President Bernard S. Higgins. Introducing
William Bowdin of San Jose as master of
ceremonies. Mr. Bowdin referred to the
large number of representative citizens
present. The feeling displayed, he said,
disposed of the idea that Irishmen could
not dwell together in harmony. In a
playful sense the toastmaster invited
brogue and blarney.
Speaking of the Irish, he said the only
sins laid at the door of Ireland were those
of fidelity and devotion to her homes. By
wisdom she was lifting the bonds of op
pression. The spirit which animated the
NEW TO-PAY.'
!— 1896— I
HARTFORD BICYCLES,
I REDUCTION IN PRICE. j
Patterns Nos. 1 and 2. from $80 to $65 j
Patterns Nos. 3 and 4, from $60 to 550 \
Patterns Nos. 5 and 6, from $50 to $45
This Is the best value for the money ever 1
offered in medium grade machines. X
COLUMBJAS
The Standard of the World
acknowledge no competitors, #}t 4 AM
and the price is fixed abso- J**. I Hill
lutely for the season 1896 arAP I V V
If You Can't Buy a Columbia,
Then Buy a Hartford. |
I All Columbia and . Hartford Bicycles are B
ready for immediate delivery. . B
POPE MANUFICTURL\ T G COMPAMf, |
344 POST STREET. |
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1974 PAGE, NEAR STAN VAN. |
heart of an Emmet was still with her,
and Ireland would soon be able to write
the epitaph that she had not dared to
write.
It was part of history, he said, that Ire
land was free when the Egyptians were
building the pyramids — when Cjesar was a
conqueror. W henever trouble came the
irishman in this country was found stand
ing by and defending the flag. That was
I true of the Irish of Santa Clara County
j and the sons of Erin in all parts of Cali
' forma.
In closing he introduced, as one of the
j foremost Hibernians of the State, Bernard
8. Hipeins of San Jose. Mr. Higgins made
a brief and happy response, extending
again the welcome of San Jose to the Hi
bernians.
The next speaker, Captain Crowley,
spoke to the sentiment, "The Church and
the Order." He began by relating a little
i incident of twenty years ago on the Isth
mus of Panama. When surprise was then
expressed at seeing an Irishman in a place
I so hot as Panama, the son of Erin who
I was living there remarsed: "Why, I sup
[ pose there are Iri9h in hades." The de
duction was that Irish landlords were
! meant.
Mr. Crowlev was not certain whether he
j was to speak on the influence of the
! church on the order or ihe influence of the
! order on the church. He made joking
! allusions to the silence of members talka
tivo during the conventions; of the pug
nacity of usually placid members and the
brevity of Condin. The intluence of the
j church on the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians was to produce quiet. [Laughter.]
The society, like the eagle, had always
manifested a disposition to soar, arid the
soaring was now about to begin. In clos
ing, he proposed the health of the oldest
society in the church — a society which
possessed the vigor of youth with the wis
dom of age.
J. J. Donovan was asked to say what he
would do if he got to purgatory. He
hoped the audience would not expect a
brilliant after-dinner speech, when there
were only two really gifted speakers of this
kind in the United States.
The State secretary, Captain Ed J.
Sheehan, was called out by the toastmas
| ter. He spoke to the sentiment of "Our
Country." He said the country of an
Irishman wns where his home was. Irish
men had a right to call this country their
country, for they had settled in Virginia
before the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth
Rock.
The money which carried on the Revo
lutionary War was put up by Irishmen —
merchants of Philadelphia. [Great ap
plause.] Mention of General Shield's gal
lant record in the Mexican War called out
great applause. The Civil War, the
speaker said, produced a whole galaxy of
brilliant fighters to attest the truth that
this was Ireland's country.
WOODLA ND CONTENTION.
Yolo County Democrats Declare for
"-.Sound" Money.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 2.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met in this city
this afternoon, with eighty-six delegates
present. E. C. Rust of Winters was unan
! imously chosen chairman and P. T. Lauge
nour of Dunnigan secretary.
The platform reaffirms the confidence of
the Yolo County Democracy in the prin
ciples of the party. It recognizes the
public school system as the only reliance
for popular education and declares against
any movement to inject sectarianism in
the course of study. One plank in the
platform declares against any laws respect
ing religion or prohibiting the free exer
cise thereof, and proclaims that whenever
any man or class of men attempt to de
prive a citizen of the United States of tne
1 right to worship God according to the die-
I tates of his own conscience they stand in
j hostility to the constitution. The admin
i istration of Governor Budd is heartily in
j dorsed and also that of President Cleve
| land, with the exception that his financial
policy is neither commended nor con
demned.
On the financial question the platform
\ practically declares for "sound" money
1 and insists tluit the purchasing power of
silver be maintained.
Ed E. Leake, Byron Ball, C. E. Devilbiss
and Charles Laugenour were elected dele
gate3-at-large. C. A Newton, S. T. Mont
gomery, D. F. Houx, L. Charmak nnd M.
A. Nurse were elected by the various dis
tricts. The sentiment of the delegates
seems to be a atnst the admission of
Buckley's candidates to the State Conven
| tion.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
j Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature —
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mr. McKenzie's
• nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65c
Paine s Compound 60c
Munyon's ...... 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
,
j Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To,
FOR ;";■-,.■■
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4. 0S
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busa
724 Market SL 1110 & 1112 Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington .......$lO 00
I Southlield ; 9 60 • """
| Genuine Coos Bay \ 6 50-Half ton. 350
Seattle..... 800-Halfton. 401)
Bryant...... 7 00— Half ton. 400
: Telephone— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
' 6»3 Howard Street, Near First.
«ia£B&iSski^ : FIFTY-DOLLAR
IPiiiIIELECTRIC BELTS
■^-~ fc - L > iL'--__-^l ITOH $'.'5; $40 BELTS
" for s -°- BJld ? H0 Bel:s
.Tgrfflf ' Mil ijKsy for*ls; also good bells for
1 "-J*K aVnilwAs .$ 5. latest patent and ■ all
'■"■'. {■ <Cff improvements. #S~ Call
• • -r ■ <<isi? or write for new pamphlet
W - No. a. Address 'DR.
PIKBCK A SON, 704 Sacramento it., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. •
FUEL Of LIFE,
Fi When the fire of
llpl life is burning low,
1 UDII when man sees his
strength and vim
I f* lß^| and energy ebbing
I s II PS slowly, but surely,
* U"" he must needs turn
his thoughts and
aLHStf^l attention to some
II O ln one cure tnat is
■ positive and last-
ins?,
1"BSO§ No need to say
I SJCIB that- such a cure
exists, for it is a
Til**! fact that the great
&"£JPj remedio-treatment
I Uvil cures men.
HUDYAN
Is certain to build up your
nervous force. It begins by
stopping prematureness in 20
days. Hudyan cures Falling
Manhood, Loss of Sleep, Tired,
Worn-out Feelings, and makes
! man complete. If you wish to
j learn more about this great
"fuel of life" call or write for
information.
: — circulars — :
: — FREE. — :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
BAD BLOOD
MEANS
Pimples. •
Copper-colored spots.— —^-^
Sore mouth.
Sore throat.
Falling hair.
Enlarged lumps.
Skin eruptions.
Partial loss of eyebrows. —
Sore eyes. • V : ."— — ;
When in this condition you should try
the guaranteed cure. Sometimes the cure
is effected in 30 days.
WRITE OR CALL FOR
: — BLOOD — •
: CIRCULARS. :
j
; Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Ira empire,
Hu IJyJj liifiriiUjf
FIRE-PROOF, ... '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. '
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths.
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with prirate baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and -the Hudson River-
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANB.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhtrt in
America. . -.■■-.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or Oth aye. " V' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Host com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New tor 1 !; W. JOHNSON QUISfN, M«r.
WM. NOBLB;, Propr.
LI PO TAI JR., S~\.
Chinese Tea and Herb L*- \
1 No. 727 Washington St., \*L' 3
San Francisco, Cal. • VSt- 9
Cor. BrenhAm Plat*, a-x>v* ngjr A
r laza. /Jh*^
Office Hours: 9to 13, >—^ W (j£t^s
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, 9 A. At. to 12 M. "
1.1 To Tal Jr., son of the famous LI Pi
Tal, has taken his father's business,'
and is, after eleven years' study i a
Chi fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases. ■ "IV/
UIV Mi I r! 1 luff
#£AM&
IS THE VERY HKsi' u.NK TO EXAMISB
-L your eyes and tit tuem to spectacles and Kye-
i glasses with iustmnients of hit own invention.
- whose superiority has not been equaled. My »uo-
cess has been due to the merits 0/ my work.
v Office Hours— l 2 io4f.it.
§J $0 $ PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISI-JASES OP HUT, IXCLUD-
►Jinsf all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over CO years' experience.
Hook sent free. I'atlents cured at Home. Terms
reasonable, Office Hours. 9 to 3 daily; G::,0 to 8:30
*"venir>srs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential, Call or address
P. KOKCOE JIcXULTY, M. D.,
| 2G'<( Kearny Street, San Francltco, Cal.
PCLtehritcr'e English l>lu.on I »<rnnd.
EKNYROYAL PILLS
-<K~v Original anil O»ly Genuine. A
///fft\ »«'e. »lw»j« rrlUble. ladies »i* jfITV
j\ V^Jlitt Urugsl't for'Chickfter'f English Diu-Jm\ '
! sM&!r<&3Qs,mond Brand in Hed and Oold mrt«i:i.:Yvßr
i T^ —^J^P 0 "*- M * led with "* ribbon. Take vr
! J?i *^ vVyOootker. Jtefiue danjtrout tvtitifri- v
\~ / ~ fw Worn and imitation*. At Dm;;i<ti,or •end 4«.
I w Jf in ataapt for partkivlan, teuiaauitb and
\ *©• D " Relief for l.udl t>«." in Ittte*, by rrtom
-A If MulL 1(1,000 T««imonl»li. Samr Paver.
. ,' > --^rChtoh«i.t«r€fc«iiilc«lCo.,MadUon Sonars
Idfi to Ml Low! DniKiiU. * PbJl*4^f2
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tomb for th«
•exnal and nrinarv organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of tho kidneys antt blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervlna.
Bells on Its own Merits— no lons-wlnded umii»
monlals necessary. ■■ ' ■ ■ .
ZSt'i Market St.. S. BRINK, AgenU.
833 Market St., S. *\-t*end for turcuUr.lELLERT PROVED
TOO POLITICAL.
No More Manager of the
California Title and
Trust Co.
TWO TALES OF A TIFF.
The Ex-Mayor Says Lit le, but
the Directors Are Not So
Reticent.
GIRLS WHO MAY BE RETAINED.
Attorney Harding Says That the
Manager Was Too Fend of
Personal Friends.
Ex-Mayor Ellert is out of a job. He and
the directors of the California Title and
Trust Company have clashed, and from
the stormy couucil chamber has come an
ex-Mayor with the additional title of
ex-ma;
Trouble had been brewing for months.
The i I ime last Friday when ex-
Mayor, rx-Manaeer Eilert discharged ten
girls employed by the company to
compile records of City lots. The catastro
phe could not long be averted after that,
and on Monday the directors followed Mr.
Kilert'y example with a t>it of retaliation
that may be as pleasing to the ten girls as
■ many other employes who were re
moved from their positions in the com
pany during the last year and a half.
Mr. Ellert commented very briefly upon
the situation when seen yesterday, but
some of the directors went into interesting
detail.
"I tendered my resignation as general
manager and it was accepted vest°rday,"
he said, "but I still retain the position of
vice-president of the company and my
rights ;<s a stockholder.
•'The business bas been run on certain
lines for the year and a half I have man
aged it, and" there have been gome differ
euceb of opinion. Financially everything
is all right, for the business is in a pros
perous condition. The discharge of those
trirls was simply in accordance with a
policy of midsummer retrenchment when
things are generally dull. For that mat
ter there were fifteen others let out the
month before. That is what caused the
misunderstanding."
Director R. T. Harding, who is aiso at
torney for the company, tells the story
thi-- way :
"Eliert couldn't realize that he wasn't
in a poiiiica! position. He wanted to run
the whole concern and employ his partic
ular friends. He removed every one of
the employes be could, some thirty in all,
and replaced them by persons of his indi
vidual iiking. -*
"He tried to have the secretary ousted
and appealed to the board for assistance,
Baying that he couldn't assume tne re
sponsibiiity. But the secretary and the
attorney are appointees of the board and
lie could not discharge tuem. Failing to
the secretary removed be tried to
have me removed. Then the directors lost
patience. He had made an entire change
in the personnel of the office except the
secretary, whom he asked us to remove,
but we wouldn't do it.
"He's the hardest man I ever knew to
get along with, and even the ottice boy
knows all his business. He wanted to be
popular by giving employment to his po
litical fnends.
"These girls were engaged at the City
Hall in some very important work, which,
when completed, wiil be worth thousands
of dollars. They were collecting data
about every lot in the City and recording
its improvements.
■We wanted to build up a force of girls
for that work out there by training in five
at a time, but Eilert put in about forty all
at once, in liusi months he wanted io
employ a big lorce, and then when tilings
became dull he could discharge a lot of the
girls and still have a nice balance-sheet to
show to the directors.
"We insisted recently upon keeping the
girls to do tne 'plant' work because they
were experienced and during the dull sea
son could accomplish n great deal more.
There were but ritteen left, and we thought
it prpferable to keep them employed and
avoid the necessity of training in new girls
later.
"At chairman of the employment com
mittee, I called a meeting 01 tne board
for \.mt Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Ellert was invited to be present as an ex
oHido member. He aid not come, but all
the directors were there. It wad unani
■'.y agreed that all the girls shouid be
ret lined. Just after the meeting adjourned
one of Hie directors met Ellert downstairs,
and he made the announcement that be
had «eu out to the hall already and dis
cD.'rge 1 ten oi the giris.
"Yesteruay the board met again. Every
member was present and bo was Eilert.
Resolutions were ail prepared declaring
hi- oirice vacant. He saw how the di
rectors felt and he made a speech trying
to smooth matters over, but as be talked
on he was interrupted by questions, askeci
for the purpose uf stopping bis remarks.
Then he offered his resignation and it was
immediately accepted.
• Fur the" present the business will go
along very nicely without a manager as
everything is in good shape. I shall super
vise tilings, a 6 1 was formerly manager. In
a snort time another manager will be ap
pointed.
'•Next week I propose to re-employ the
girls that have been discharged."
SAy P^JiUO SOUyDIXGS.
Permanent Ranges to Be Established on
the Jiarhvr Unrder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 2.— William
Bass, resident Government engineer at
San Pedro, received instructions from F.
C. Turner, an engineer working under
Major Davis of tne United States Engi
neer's office at San Francisco, to the effect
that prior to taking soundings of the inner
harbor, which will be done in the near
future, a line of permanent ranges must be
established on the western breakwater.
In past years temporary ranges have
been used, but they are hereafter to be
located by drillings in the rock. The
ranges are* wood posts located where they
may be readily seen from a boat. When
foundings are taken the boat crosses and
-«<?« the field with a given range con
stantly in line with a distant object. As
the l>oat moves along the line of two
objects soundings are taken about every
ten feet. '1 lie held of water is next crossed
in line with another range and tbe same
distant object. Tne line of soundings
thus made are not parallel, but other lines
with other distant objects are sounded
until the field of operations is crossed and
recrossed very thoroughly, and there is no
extended area where soundings have not ,
been taken.
Sudden Death at Fresno.
FRESNO, C*l>, J UI) e 2.— E. A. Harley
wa' lound dead in his room in the Edgerly
building to-night. He has been em
ployed as a draughtsman in the County
Surveyor's office and was one of tiie best
men in this work in the State. Death was
due to drink. Harley came of good family,
but liquor sot the "best of him. He was
about '<S years of ace.
SANTA CRUZ'S I'JiEPARATIOy.S.
Liberal Proritioni for the Accommoda
tion nf State Guards.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 2.— When
Director-General Bowman reached the
Carnival headquarters iast night he found a
small high-chair occupying his place at
the board of trustees' table.
A placard resting on the chair read,
"For the Real Director-General." Five
minutes later the company was toastine
the arrival of a son at the home of Mr.
Bowman. Then the business of the meet
ing proceeded.
A letter was received by John R. Chace,
chairman of the promotion committee,
from Lieutenant A. A. Friedlander of
Company E, First Regiment, N. G. <"., of
San Francisco regarding the attendance of
the company in camp at the carnival.
Mr. Chace" replied that Santa Cruz would
provide grounds, fuel, lieht. water, straw
and various other things necessary to the
comfort of militiamen, making everything
ready for them to go into camp on arrival
here.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter was directed
to communicate by wire with Admiral
Beardslee w ; th reference to his meeting a
special committee to arrange for the com
ing of the three vessels of the Pacific
squairon to the carnival, as has been
promised.
Work is progressing on the Queen's pal
ace and floats, and everything will be com
pleted before the opening day, June 17.
FOTO DOUNTI SUFFRAGISTS.
Miss Shaw Delivers a Masterly Address
at the Contention.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 2.— The second
afternoon session of the Woman's Suffrage
Convention was opened 'with prayer by
Rev. J. R. Grinstead of Winters. After
tie opening speech of Miss Hay, Attorney
M. de Hearst of Woodland read a paper on
"Does Taxpaying Woman Need the Bal
lot?" which was followed by Dr. J. T.
Grant on "Does the State Need the
Woman's Ballot?" Both papers were well
written and were creeted with applause.
The question-box, presided over by Mi-s
Shaw, r.as the feature of the session. Her
pertinent and humorous answers Kept the
audience in a delighted m jod for an hour.
A plea was made for funds to carry on the
campaign, which met with a liberal re
sponse.
The big armory hall was crowded at the
evenn.' meeting wh n Miss Shaw spoke.
Her effort was a masterly one, and the
outbursts of applause were frequent. Miss
Bbaw said that the women of California
* ere better fitted for the intelligent exer
cise of the franchise than any other cla.«s
which had been accorded the privilege.
After alluding to the changes that have
occurred during the life of the Govern
ment, the lecturer stated that during these
changes franchise had gradully extended.
SANTA BARDARA COUNCENT.
Festival of Muxic in Which the State's
Best Musician* Will Jake Part.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 2.— A
grand musical festival is being arranged by
Mrs. Richard J. Hall and Herr Hans
Schuy, to takepiace in Santa Barbara next
fall. An orchestra, composed of some of
the best musicians on the coast, and in
cluding ladies as well as gentlemen,
together with a number of professional and
amateur players from San Francisco, Los
Angeles and other points in the State, will
be called together.
The festival will continue two days. The
elaborate programme includes the pre
sentation ol an oratorio and a number of
solos. The Philharmonic Society of this
place, an association of the best musicians,
and organized upon a broad basis of merit,
which receives some of the hardest work
ers in the profession as well as dilettantes
of hign social standing, is the motive
power which is to carry this brilliant un
dertaking to a successful conclusion.
THE FOODELAND CONFERENCE.
Petalutna to Entertain the German
Evangelical Synod in 1899.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 2.— The con
ference of the German Evangelical Synod
opened ye K terday with a prayer by the
Rev. J. A. Schilling.
It wa- unanimously decided that next
year's conference be held in Petaluma
immediately after Easter, and that a
union of evangelical ministers be formed
in the district of San Francisco and
vicinity, Woodland to be included.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: J. E. Hosto of Wetmore, president;
J. G. Maneold of San Francisco, vice-pres
idt-nt; P. Pranke, of San Francisco, secre
tary.
The following committee on missions
was appointed: Key. J. G. Mancold of
San Francisco and Rev. J. A. Schilling of
Woodland.
Aiter a vote of thanks to the German
residents of Woodland for their hospital
ity, the conference adjourned.
FATHER TORKE AT AUBURN.
Seven Hundred People Listen to a Talk
on "Church and State."
AUBURN, Cal., June 2.— Seven hun
dred people attended Father Yorke's lec
ture on "Church and State" to-night at
the opera-house. The lecture was for the
benefit of the Catholic church here. Ex-
Attorney Genera' Joe Hamilton, one of
California's old Democrat warhorse«, in
troduced the speaker and Mayor J. W.
Morgan also occupied a seat on the plat
form. The stape was simply draped with
tbn stars and stripes.
Father Yorke's address was eloquent and
patriotic, and bis references to American
ism and loyalty to the American flag were
received with wild enthusiasm, his criti
cism? of the American Protective Associa
tion were severe, while his defense of the
Catholic church was strong.
CATALINA TELAND SPORT.
Monster Tunny Captured by Two Lot
gelt* Fishermen.
AVALON, Catalina Island, June L —
Fishing in the harbor here this year has
been excellent. Some heavy catches have
been reported, wherein the size of the fish
has been the remarkable feature. Last
evening 0. C. Carpenter and F. W. Burnett
of Los Angeles caught a 200-pound tunny,
the largest fish of this kind ever taken at
Catalina. The tunnies are the most power
ful tish that swim these waters, and are
never taken without giving their cantors a
hard battle. On this occasion the skiff in
which the two men and their boatman
rode was towed a mile out to sea before the
fish was conquered and brought to shore.
("hooting Juror* at Flsalia.
ViSALIA, Cal., June 2.— The fourth,
fifth and sixth members of the jury that
will try 81 Lovren for complicity in an at
tempted train robbery near Tagus are
Charles Myers, citrus grower, of Lemon
Cove; G. M. Huffman, a farmer near Vi
salia, and F. U. Purcell, a farmer at Wau
kena. Because of the death of Hon.
Woeaton A. Gray. tbe presiding Judge in
the Lovren ca.se, the case was continued
to Thursday, June 4.
Will Camp at Ventura.
VENTURA, Cal., June 2.—Arrange
ments have been completed to bring
Troop D of the National Guard of Cali
fornia, of Los Angeles, to this city to camp
from July 1 to July 10. They will
march from Los Angeles and combine
with the Grand Army of the Republic
Encampment Association in a Fourth of
July demonstration.
San l.vis Oblnpo's Contribution.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. June 2.— The
Supervisors to-day adopted a resolution
apDropriatiug $80 for a piece of granite to
be placed in the Sloat monument at Mon
terey. Tbe granite will be taken from the
Nichols quarry near this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WJSjjJNUSJDAr, JUKE 3, 1896.
BUCKLEYITES TO
HAVE A TURN.
The Convention Delegation
Will Make Stanton
Chairman.
TWO MEETINGS CALLED.
The General Committee Will Do
a Lot of Things To-
Morrow Night.
WORKING COUNTRY DELEGATES
Congressman Maguire Thanks the
Junta for the Confidence Displayed
in McNab's Trick.
The Buckleyites will take the floor to
morrow evening and the night following.
They will whoop things up, make fun of
McNab's Fourth District Congressional
Convention, declare themselves winners,
pass a variety of resolutions and do an un
certain variety of things in view of the
State Convention.
The executive committee arranged this
programme last night at the party head
quarters, 935 Marset street. The room
was packed aud the wheel horses of the
factions were there. Chairman Donovan
was sick and Jamet H. O'Brien and Sec
retary D. M. Gavigan directed the eeneral
course of the meeting. "When press rep
resentatives were excluded because they
came only to mocic there was a long and
undoubtedly interesting discussion which
resulted in an order that tbe 161 delegates
to the State Convention should meet in
Pythian Castle Friday evening to discuss
policies, ways of winning further friends
among country delegates, the election of
Railroad Commissioner James I. Stanton
as chairman of the delegation to Sacra
mento and the good of the cause generally.
Another discussion resulted in an order
that Chairman O'Brien appoint a com
mittee on transportation, out, later, the
resolution was reconsidered and tbe
matter left to the delegation and the
Friday nignt meeting.
The executive committee will report its
recent doings to the General Committee,
which will meet in B'nai B'rith Hall to
morrow evening, when there will be a big
meeting and probably proceedings of
interest.
During the meeting last nieht speeches
were made on various topics by J. C.
Nealon, A. J. Clunie, Thomas Ford, James
H. O'Brien, T. E. Treacy and others. The
convention of the night before was "pooh
poohed" and Gavin McNab received a
good deal of uncomplimentary attention.
A. J. Clunie said that tne A. P. A. had
given McNab permission to denounce it.
The Buckleyites and the McNabors are
talking with greater confidence daily as
tbe selection of State Convention delegates
goes on throughout the State. The McNab
ors say that so far one delegate favorable
to the Buckley cause has been elected.
The Buckleyites, on the other hand, have
stacks of letters promising either support
or iair consideration, and their list of dele
gates whom they surely count on is a
long one. The truth is that many dele
gates and many men of party influence
throughout the State have promised any
body that has appealed to them from
either side, as the easiest way to escape
pulling and hauling.
The Buckleyites have been and are con
ducting an effective and most industrious
still-aunt throughout the State, and they
worK without talking much. There are
many men of wide acquaintance and in
fluence on the side of the Buckleyites, and
every last Buckleylte, great or small, who
has a relative, old schoolmate or friend
among the delegates anywhere or in influ
ential party positions, have been writing
personal letters of assurance and appeal.
Man}- quiet and long trips have been
made. Circular letters have been sent
out and every clever play that can
be made on ambitions, hostilities or any
thing else has been made. Sub rosa com
binations which may or may not be made
to work have been planned. The coming
convention promises to be one of surprises,
and some of them are apt to concern the
local contest.
Congressman Maguire has thanked the
Junta for its kind attention and amiabil
ity, without expressing any acceptance of
the nomination for Congress made by Mc-
Nab's surreptitious convention of night
before la.-v.
Yesterday Alexander T. Vogelsang, who
presided over the convention, and .Secre
tary John T. McGovern sent Maguire a
telegraphic notification of his nomination
by the Junta end of the Democracy in his
district. The following reply was re
ceived from Was ington:
A. T. VngfUang, San Francisco: Your tele
gram announcing my renomination received.
Extend my thanks to the delegates for the
confidence manifested. James G. Maguire.
Mr. McNab and his friends contemplate
the work of the fly-by-nitjht convention
with satisfaction. They think that they
have taken Maguire away from the cham
pionship of th<» cause of the Buckleyites as
well as "squaring" themselves for turning
him down as delezate-at-large. What Mr.
Maguire will do if he attends the conven
tion and whether or not he will attend
is yet unjenown.
CALVARY CHURCH.
Its Pulpit to Be Filled by a Baptist
Pastor.
Pastor W. L. Birch, a Baptist Unionist
of Manchester, England, will preach to
morrow evening at Calvary Presbyterian
Church.
After next Sunday the Rev. Dr. Hemp
hill will depart for Europe and during his
absence his pulpit will be filled by I'astor !
Birch, who is the possessor of many com- !
plimentary letters from divines in all sec- j
tions of the country whose pulpits he has
successfully supplied since his departure
from home.
He is a liberal, broad-minded igentleman,
and is especially interested in the patriotic
observances practiced in the public schools ;
of San Francisco. Nothing lite it, he says, ;
is to be seen in England.
The Bowdoin College Cane.
Judge Hawley of the Nevada Circuit Court |
will render a decision on Friday in the case of I
the president and trustees of Bowdoin College
vh. James P. Merritt. This is one of the most
interesting Ruitsever; heard on the Pacific
Coast, and .Judge- Ilawiey's opinion will be
awaited with great interest.
F r .Buckley's Death.
The trial oi ' *r\t» Gercken for the killing
of John Buckley upeaed before Judge Bahrs
yesterday. Gercken struck Buckley end
knocked him down. Buckley's head struck
the curbstone and from that injury he died.
The charge against Gercken is manslaughter.
Resign Their Positions.
Miss Eugene D. Hunt, timekeeper at the Post
oflice, and E. R. Bromley, employed in the
mailing department, have tenderedtheir resig
nation to Postmaster McCoppin.
A Fraud Found Out.
W. S. Robinson, an able-bodied man, was
convicted of vagraucy in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and will be sentenced to-day. On
Friday h*e called at the Mayor's office forrelief.
He said his wife was sick with typhoid fever
and his three children were starving. He pave
his address as 331 Jeckson street, and an officer
was sent with him to investigate. The officer
fouud that Robinson was a fraud and arrested
him lor vagrancy.
Commerce Commission Suit Dismissed.
The suit of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission against the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Jr"e road was dismissed by tne United
States Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday. The
records covered over 5000 pages, the priming
of which would have cost $2000/
FIN ALIA CRUSADERS.
Petition for an Ordinance Regulating
the Liquor Traffic.
VISALIA, Cal., June 2.— A committee
from the Tulare grange, consisting of
Major and Mrs. C. J. .Berry and Mrs. E.
F. Zumwalt, and a committee from the
Visalia lodge of Good Templars, consist
ing of B. IT. Heberling, A. E. Saunders
and D. K. Zumwalt, appeared before the
County Board of Supervisors this after
noon and presented the following resolu
tions, urging their adoption:
Whereas. We recogiize that the material
prosperity of our county is being continually
injured by the extreme freedom allowed to
the saloon business in conducting their busi
ness every day and night of the entire year,
Resolved, That we are in favor of the adop
tion and enforcement of such an ordinance
as will control the saloon trade by causing
them to be ciosed at 10 o'clock every night,
and to remain closed until t> o'clock the next
morning, excepting that when closed on Sat
urday night they shall not again be opened
until 6 o'clock the next Monday morning.
TAKEN FROM JAIL TO VOTE.
A Wife Murderer Escorted to the Polls at
Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., June 2.— Deputy
Sheriff Samuel Goodman was arrested on
a felony charge yesterday for having
taken out of the county jail George W.
Baiter, who three months aeo cut his
wife's throat, and attempted to vote him
at a polling-place three blocks from the
prison.
The murd erer, who is to be tried for his
life on the 15th inst., was identified at the
polling-booth, and bis vote was rejected.
The indignation aroused by Goodman's
conduct came near culminating in a riot.
The affair gamed rapid notoriety
throughout the city, and the Sheriff, who
appointed Goodman, was denounced on
every street corner. Goodman was ar
rested by Detective Welsh, but corrupt
politicians who approved of the fellow's
methods obtained his release on bonds.
Goodman was arrested in San Francisco
several months ago on a warrant from
Portiand for forgery and larceny. A
grand jury, however, "failed to indict him.
He has been in other trouble, and his ap-
C ointment to a deputy sheriff is deprecated
y the respectable classes here.
POR-WON NEAR POCATELLO.
Three Hundred Bannock and Shoshone
Indians in a Grass Dance.
POCATELLO, Ipaho, June 2. — The
Bannock and Shoshone Indians are hold
ing their annual conference, or what is
known as grass dance, about two miles
below this city, on Port Neuf River. About
300 Indians are there, and their camp pre
sents the appearance oi a large Indian vil
lage. They have a regular programme for
eacli day, and the pow-wow will probably
last for a week. The dance began Sunday
night at 9 o'clock, an ! was in charge of ar.
old, white-haired buck. A weird chant is
the accompaniment.
Married Ten Years.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.-This
was the tenth anniversary of the marriage
}of President and Mrs. Cleveland. They
I did not celebrate the occasion, and spent
! the day quietly, the 'President at the
j Whito House and Mrs. Cleveh r.r 1 at Wood
i ley. In the afternoon Mrs. Cleveland
came into town a.d drove back to tho
, country with the President. Rev. Bryon
I Sunderland, who performed the marriage
'; ceremony for the President and his wife,
i remembered the occasion to-day and called
j at the White House to pay his respects.
yapa Prepares a Welcome.
NAPA, Cal., June 2. — Very elaborate
preparations are being made for the com
ing next week of the Grand Parlor of
I Native Daughters. The members will ar-
I rive on Monday evening. On Tuesday
i evening a reception will be tendered.
Frrnk L. Coombs will welcome the Grand
Parlor, and Mayor Fuller will extend the
! formal freedom of the city. The week
j will be given over to festivities. .'/>"..
■ • ■
Another Stanford 'irtduate.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., June
2. — In the lists ot this year's graduates at
the university, published in some of the
daily papers, the name of G. W. Cuthbert
son was omitted through an error. Mr.
Cuthbertson won a diploma and is now
J numbered among the Stanford alumni.
From Chnlera and Bullet*.
CAIRO, Egypt, June 2.— There were on
Monday thirty-five deaths from cholera
1 here and five at Alexandria. The chief
I leaders of the riot here yesterday growing
out of the scare occasioned by the cholera
were killed when the police fired on the
i mob.
Protests Against Cuba's Flag.
MADRID, Spaix., June 2.— Senor de
Lome, the Spanish Minister, has protested
to the American Government against the
parading of the Cuban flag in a procession
in Now York on May 30.
no substitute for Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla.
This herb remedy is home product, and
it is at the same time the best produced
in the world's market.
Joy's Sarsaparilla has been indorsed by
the leading ladies in the country.
Brings no pimples.
Cures habitual constipation.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Co.— Gentlemen: I
have been subject to bilious headaches and
constipation for several years past— in fact,
for a year or so back have been so bad that
I would have to take physics every other
night or else I would have a headache or
dull, mean feeling. I have taken one bot-
tle of your Sarsaparilla and I have derived
great benefit from it, and believe it to be
a permanent cure for sick headache.
CHAS. ELKINGTON,
25 Locuat avenue.
1
NEW TO-DAY.
Another Grand Concert To-Morrow Night at 8 o'Clock.
The world's grandest retail store — a California enterprise — established entirely with Californian capital and
conducted by Californians. Goods direct to consumer without tbe profits of
jobbers, brokers or middlemen added.
GREAT WASH FABRIC FRANCISCO, June 3, iBq6.
GREAT WASH FABRIC SALE TO-DAY.
Our first selling of Wash Fabrics has been a revelation to
the most experienced shoppers who have yet visited the coun-
« ters. There's every good reason for our deep price-cutting—
_ we bought quantities to last through a season— our opening was
: - y^\T^ "^"V. deferred because store could not be finished in time — therefore
/mli i'J^At>??*)- only half , a season to sell in and twice too many high-grade
/*&/■ / J^^^tY^>j wash goods on the shelves— the choicest imported and domestic
ST-^ ' (j^^A^J^ fabrics included in to-day's special offerings — your vacation
% "4 '^R' *"s • ■>'& wash dresses to-day.
At 20c a yard — White Dotted
Swiss— raised dots of various sizes—
a good, fine quality — extra wide.
Other grades 25c, 35c, 50c.
At 35c a yard— Natural Linen Color
Dotted Swiss — one of the popular
novelties of the season — dealers here
sold this grade at 50c a yard at the
beginning of the season.
Other grades at 45c, 55c and 60c.
Shoe Your every summer shoe
*■>, want is met in the new
LiianceS.stocks we've had pro-
duced for the EMPORIUM— Shoes
for Men,. Women, Boys, Girls, Ba-
bies—Black Shoes and Shoes in all
the fashionable colors — high shoes
and low shoes— to price, probably
1-4 to 1-3 less than you expect to pay.
At $3 50 a pair— Men's Russet
Shoes— some very pretty shapes—
be worn with light-colored trousers-
dark and light shades— razor toe —
shoes such as you have been charged
elsewhere S5 for.
At $5 a. pair— Extra Fine Russet
Bals for men— in all the leading
styles, toes and shades— the famous
Burt & Packard make — the best, you
know. ?//'?.
At $3 50 a pair— Ladies' Russet
Oxford hand-turned— cloth top
—Louis XV heel — worth 1-3 more.
At $2 50 a pair— Ladies' Russet
Kid Oxford Tie — needle toe — also
same style in cloth top— especially
good bargain.
Men's Dress-
Furnishing M M
Dep't. *
We select" from Dep't.
the many special r
offerings 3 great |
leaders for to- j Already doing a
day's advertising, ! phenomenal busi-
These values — presided
have never been over by one of the
duplicated in this leading French
city. Modistes in the
West — perfect fit
-7. — -v and workmanship
• /vS-sJ^) combined with the
vt ~*"S[~"^ best materials—
' /«k*YW $20 to $50 less for
yw'**.*&*Vv costumes than
/. »»^pS\ similar gowns can
/7iT v »*-»«V>.\ be ■ obtained for
<L'-^'*tl7*.^H elsewhere.
At 45c— Men s AH-
silk NECKWEAR,
silk and satin i lined. : TAILOR-MADE
the regular 75c and ; pipcccpc r~\U
$1 grades, consist- ; FINEsfsERGE
fuc of -Kour-m- ■ FINEST SERGE
k^w^w ! 535 silk-lined
•Club Ties" and j throughout $50 OO
"Bows," new pat- . . v
terns, light- and ■
dark colors. - : _______ ■
At fl the suit— (ienn-
tne WAY' B IX- ;
W;RWE.\R, shirt 1 -> ■■'.■-. .
and drawers in all [ (.UfTclin
sizes, colors brown > - -—>«..
■' and . blue, faficy 1•' ,
ribbed; this jus: , Hpn't
half the ordinary t/c 'l f L#
price.
At 4c each— loo doz.
MEN'S HEM- a cnpriaMnt fif
stitched _ -** special 101 or
hanuker- Portieres and
( h iki's, fancy ! Couch Covers
borders. You would Iyf v h5« over; »
considf r them a I IeSS than COSt —
•.■■■bargain at 10c; no \ agents' samples.
more at this price \ Nottingham Cur-
when these are Nottingham Cur-
gone. tains, 3 i-2 yards
. ; ' long, Si a pair.
■ Japanese J Cotton Tapestry,
Goat : i for upholstering,
„ " ' 50 inches wide,
KligS, - •' I 37c the yard.
$1.95.
Size 34x66 inches, I
regular price $2 50 ■
Fur Dep't, second ■
floor front.
White v ' I
Angora
Rugs, ■
$2.25. '
Size 36x70 inches, I
regular price $4 00 I
Fur Dep't, second 11
floor front. ; , i . 1H
ft — tSP IIII^ Uj* tMi it
\^o^ tyH Francisco, (aof
At 35c a yard— lmported French
Lawns, a magnificent line in large
floral patterns, strong color effects —
the most beautiful goods of the
kind yet shown in San Francisco.
Lawns of similar quality sell else-
where at 50c the yard.
At 22c a yard — Genuine Scotch
Dimities, Dresden patterns and
pretty striped floral effects ; an ex-
ceptionally choice line, including
about 30 patterns. The actual
value is 30c the yard.
At 2gc a vard — Russian Crash
Suiting, 38 inches wide— the newest
material for outing suits— in great
demand by the swagger set in New
York at the present time.
A better grade at 35c.
At 50c a yard — Natural Color
Linen Batiste, with silk spots— in
pink, blue, yellow, white, etc., 32
inches wide. Price actually cut in
half. Nowhere else at less 'than fi
the yard.
Plain Batiste to match 25c a yard.
Chairs A few of the Chlirs
. v -r and Rockers offered to
At flail. Tuesday bargain-seekers
are still left for to-day. There were
only 60 of the Rockers and twice
that many Chairs. Early comers to-
day will get the benefit. No more at
this price when these are gone.
JEKM©
At $2.95 each — Large Arm Solid
Oak Rocker, as shown in above cut
—seat and back upholstered in richly
colored velours. Regular price $4-75-
At $ 1.45 each— Solid Oak Chairs
— fancy backs— seat upholstered in
velours— wide assortment of colors
and patterns. Regular price $2 10.
Black Tne ri s nt kind of Black
n Dress Goods from the
UreSS leading makers of Europe
Goods. anc^ A mrr ' ca — have never
in San Francisco touched
prices as low as those which rule at
the EMPORIUM. The lasting qual-
ities of the dye and correct style of
the weave and pattern are assured
you here in the largest Black Dress
Goods Department in the West If
you need a Black Dress don't over-
look this one item, which gives a
fair idea of our bargain-giving power
in Black Dress Goods.
At 44c a yard — 36-inch Black Fig-
ured SoJiels — strictly all wool — 10
different designs — brilliantly finished
— would be an exceptional value at
50c a yard.
Sale of Silk-selling extraordinary
•  at the Great Store— thou-
Ifiusa sands of delighted cus-
Siiks tomers testify to the
beauty and exceedingly
cheap prices of our grand collection
of Silks. There are midd!e-of-season
prices at every section of the Silk
counter. These three items are se-
lected at random to show you what
we are doing here :
At 59c a yard — Choice India Silk,
24 inches wide, small conventional
designs, pretty floral patterns, light or
dark colors — perhaps 20 color effects.
Rrgular price 85c.
At 68c a yard — Handsome Printed
India Silk, full 24 inches wide, Per-
sian patterns, such as have never
been shown here before ; eight bril-
liant color combinations, light and
dark, an ideal material for evening
waists or party dresses.
At 89c a yard—Superbly printed
India Silk, 28 inches wide, a heavy
quality. Dresden or Persian pat-
terns, light or dark colors. Selling
in New York to-day at $1 a yard.
At 25c a Yard, Open Work Lace
Effect Stripped Batiste— The Honi-
ton designs that are now in such
great demand, bought to sell at 50c a
yard.
At 12 1-2 C a Yard, Glasgow Dimi-
ties — Very sheer, beautiful strjpped
Lace Effect, colored grounds, 25 pat-
terns to choose from: the width is 30
inches; the actual worth 20c.
At 7c a Yard, Toile De Laine — In
choice, large floral patterns; a wide
assortment of colorings; 30 inches,
good value, at 10c the yard.
At 7c a Yard, Changeable Otto-
man Stripped Pique Suiting — One of
the season's highest novelties in me-
dium priced Wash Fabrics; would
be an excellent value at 10c the yard.
At 5c a Yard, Bookfold Gingham —
A hundred patterns and color effects
to choose from; Plaids and Checks,
suitable for children's dresses and
aprons: would be a good bargain at
8 1-3 C the yard.
Men's AH-WOOI Jo -day we
c •£. <r«o Am place on sale
SuitS, $8.45. 27 fine all-
wool suits, tailored to perfection,
suits that will fit well and look well
for any occasion, suits that we
marked at a low price to gain a repu-
tation with during our inaugural
sales, marked them at $10 and
Si 1, we make the additional cut to
show our ability to give the public
the real bargains of San Francisco.
At $8 45— Men's All-Wool Cheviot
1 Suits, blue, black, gray and brown
; mixtures, single and double breasted
; sacks, as shown in picture, real
value $15.
Matting. j Picture and
pl. <&. i Frame
* £ffi|- Dep't.
>*, '" >Jkv^- Choice selec-
'■■' : > \\ tions of Moid-
~o I m ? S °f our own
- *;" ! and Eastern man-
... . . ufacture for fram-
We are head- ing . prices lower
quarters for City than the lowest
and County you have vet
Home Furnishers. known . Latest
We have just Novelties in Nat-
opened a direct lm- ural Wood Mats,
; portation of 4000
rolls of as choice
Mattings as have f) »
i been produced in |'
\ the Orient. . igg&g \
300 Rolls Fancy! p|j ra^—^Tft,^
Matting, 10c. j M '(%%?% i
550 Rolls Fancy Mg^fig^y^
Matting, 12 i-2c. If JT
. ■ ■■ . &* ..VTWEWjt
450 Rolls Fancy | \
Matting, 15c. . ■ J J
_ A t $3. 2 o, a
600 Rolls • Cotton ■■ Cream and Gold
■ Warp Matting, I Easel and Frame
20c. j Etching or En-
j graving, complete
600 Rolls Finest ! a shown in pic-
Cotton Warp ! ture; as a leader
Matting, 25c. $3.20, good value
at $6.
300 Rolls Damask Art Dep't.
Cotton Warp ' v.X,.
Matting, 30c. Amliko Photos,
- size 8 3-4 by 12 1-2
inches, in sets of
200 Pieces of 10 views of noted
Japanese Gov- places and objects
eminent Mat- of interest
ting, Finest ! throughout . Eur-
Grade Import- ; ope and America;
ed, Plain and j equal to those
Embroidered, i usually' sold for
value 75c; our j 50c each, the Em-
price, 50c. porium price 50c
|f°. r the entire set
Hot 10.
I Photographs of
BCelebrities, after
HSarony, size 12 by
Hl7 inches, beveled
Hand gilded on
HOlive Green
I Mounts, equal to
Hthe mammoth
I photographs sold
Hat Si. 50; the Em-
Hporiurn , price, 50c
Heach. Unmount-
Hed 20c each, Cabi-
I net size 5c each.
56
CHARLES M. SHOHTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Calx, one week, by carrier. .SO.IR
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. S.OO
Daily nnd Sunday Calx, throe months by mail 1.50
. Dally «nd Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail ..:.....'...•• 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall >• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
so, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
BuMness Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone.. .;.;...:; Haln-18«>
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
' . 61 T Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay, open until
8:S0 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 L»rkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
115 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jtcoms 81 and 33, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
WDDNESDAY , JO 3, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Oregon leads the way.
The campaign opens with victory.
As to Oregon, Democracy isn't in it.
The Grand Old Party wins the first fight.
There stands Cleveland like a stone wall,
but he feels rocky.
While Oregon is not all right all the
way through, she has done well.
The fact that Wail street is trying to rob
the country is very plainly disclosed by
Clews.
Spain had better give her soldiers in
Cuba a furlough to go home for health
this Eummer.
On the principle that silence is golden,
"sound money" can hardly refer to any
thing but silver.
Carlisle's goldbug speech was printed at
public expense as a Government document,
and ail for what?
If Grover sees any opening to get back
into a law practice after next March he
nad better take it.
It will be a eood thing for the Oregon
Democrat if he is web-footed, for he has to
take water this year.
Against the campaign cry §1 "work and
waaes' Democracy cannot make even a
tin-pail racket this year.
Local Democrats make more fuss in
changing bosses than the whole City does
over the transfer nuisance.
The country does not know who will be
the St. Louis nominee, but it does Know he
will be the next President.
It begins to look as if it were about time
for the country to formally declare its in
dependence of Wall street.
The average Democrat is as great a rain
bow-chaser as ever, but just at present he
can see no rainbows to chase.
Republican unity this year is necessary,
not only for the welfare of the party, but
for the prosperity of the country.
The Populist whale in Oregon seems to
have swallowed the Democratic Jonah
during the flood of the tidal wave.
Gold is usually supposed to be a smiling
and pleasant thing, but just now it has a
wrinkled front like grim-visaged war.
The weather will never get so hot this
summer at St. Louis but that the sight of
a thunder cloud will make the people
shiver.
We are aware that the Junta and the
Buckleyites are both trying to get there
first, but where they are trying to get we
don't know.
Carlisle and Blackburn will continue to
t>ose as Kentucky's favorite sons, John
having his opinion of Joe and Joe having
his opinion of John.
The general run of crops in Europe is not
up to the standard, but the crop of Amer
ican tourists is about as fresh and green as
usual at this season.
The little bubble booms of Russell and
Pattison will be caught on the rising sil
ver tide at Chicago and then the cry will
come, Where are they?
Chicaeo has about arrived at the conclu
sion that her convention is going to be
two circuses under one tent and is begin
ning to take an interest in it.
Cleveland once spoke of the tariff as
"the vicious, inequitable and unconstitu
tional source of revenue," but his party
don't want that as a plank this year.
There will be, of course, a Democratic
party, but after the smash-up this year
the survivers may decide to try to get rid
of the hoodoo by reorganizing and adopt
ing another name.
The movement among Democrats to get
Senator Telier to accept their nomination
for the Presidency looks as if the Greeley
f pisode were troinj? to repeat iiseif for the
amusement of mankind.
The results of the election in November
will show that Tvs Call is not only
speaking for all, but speaking with the
. approval of all when it advocates the cause
of patriotism, protection and prosperity.
Tiie Illinois Humane Society is reported
to have declared war against the practice
of strapping babies to bicycles in order to
give them a ride, and the next report will
be in all probability that the Humane So
ciety has been run over.
Where the Republicans were r.ot divided
in Oregon they won sweeping victories,
but where they were not united there was
either defeat or but narrow pluralities;
and in these facts there is a great moral for
the Republicans of California.
The property at Elizabeth, g. J., of
the United States Cordage Company, val
ued at $1,000,000, was recently sold for $ciO,
-000, being one of the examples of the
shrinkage caused dv the Democratic tariff
and the search for foreign trade.
A WALL-STREET THREAT.
For some time past there have been re
ports of a plot devised by the gold-stand
ard men of New York for the purpose of
preventing either of the two great parties
from declaring in favor of bimetallism.
The plot was the simple one of organizing
a panic in Wall street during the meeting
of either National convention whose com
mittee on platform should fail to report a
plank pledging the party to the single
standard. The object of the bogus panic
would be of course to frighten the mem
bers of the convention and under the stress
of the excitement force them to declare for
gold to save the country from financial
ruin.
When the report of this plot was first
sent abroad very little attention was paid
to it. The people thought it not worthy of
credit. The Call dismissed it for the time
with the comment of a derisive paragraph
and let it pass with the rumors that come
to-day and go to-morrow. It happens, how
ever, that it did not go. It has remained
among the political issues of the time, and
if it is but little noted in the West it has
been carefully and earnestly debated in
the East. This fact in itself implies that
there is some truth in the report of the
plot, and confirmation is given to it in the
circular of Henry Clews of May 23 on the
condition of the btock market.
Mr. Clews, after declaring "the sole ob
stacle in the way of a rising market is the
condition of politics," and after attributing
our financial evils to the silver agitation,
goes on to say:
Wall street is not gravely dismayed at this
outlook. It has learned to believe that there
are greater potencies than party plutforms,
than legislative subserviency to popular ignor
ance, than the madness of partisan Infatuation.
They know that there are situations and
events which cau instantly coerce and convert
the most reckless legislators into the willing
fcervanrs of a conservative tentiment that rep
resents the real interests and safety of the
Nation. It will not be necessary to wait for
any alter effects of silver legislation to remedy
its mischief, although that would be a per
fectly safe course. The near prospect of the
authorization of free coinage— a counting of
heads showing a certainty of a two-thirds vote
in the House and Senate for 10 to l-^would
evoke in Wall street the kind oi conditions
that no Congress has cv r iyet dared to disre
gard, and the cause of free coinage would be
overthrown at tha moment when its success
seemed most certain.
What do those words mean? They do
not come to us as a rumor nor from an in
significant source. Henry Clews is at the
head of one of the great broking-houses
of the country. The circulars which he
issues have been for years accepted as the
accredited voice of Wall street. What he
has written cannot be set aside as of no
importance. He speaks boldly of a power
by which Wall street can compel even a
two-thirds majority in both houses of
Congress to violate their pledges to the
people and do the will of Wall street.
SVhat is that power?
There is a threat in the letter which the
American people neither can nor will
ignore. The issue is rapidly shaping itself
to a fight between Wall street and the
country. If Wall street is ready to engage
in such a conflict the Republican party is
ready to take it up. The threat has been
boldly made and we shall see if the gold
manipulators dare to enforce it.
THE SUB-COMMITTEES.
Chairman McLaughlin of the State Re
publican Executive Committee has ap
pointed his sub-committees for the con
duct of the campaign, and the full list will
be found in another column. A careful
reading will show that the chairman and
the members of each committee have been
wisely chosen lor the work intrusted to
their special care. No mistake has been
made in a single instance, and there is
sure to be a general approval by the party
of the fairness and sagacity shown by
Chairman JlcLaughlin in the selections he
has made.
It needs only to run over the list of
chairmen to see the strength of the organ
ization. John D. Spreckela is chairman
of the campaign committee; Paris Kii
burn of the purity law; Con O'Connor,
finance; tl. F. Preston, San Mateo, legal
committee; A. Ruef, registration ; A. B.
Lemon of Santa Rosa, literature; W. F.
George of Sacramento, by-laws, and H. M.
Gray, headquarters committee.
These are strong men. Kach is well
fitted for his work. They represent the
Republican party as a whole and will
work in harmony for its welfare. There
will be no little gratification among loyal
members of the party in reading the
names over. There is harmony. Th^re is
unity. There is energy. There is execu
tive ability. The campaign is in gate
hands. We may count upon a full vote
and a sure victory.
THE OREGON ELECTION.
A State election was held in Oregon on
Monday, and the returns from some of the
districts furnish an object lesson in polit
ical stupidity. The State went Repub
lican, of course, but there came very near
being enough so-called "Independent Re
publicans" to turn the fetate over to the
Populists and Democrats. Pennoyer was
elected Mayor of Portland, although the
votes cast for the regular and independent
Republican candidates far outnumber the
vote of Jt*ennoyer.
>orthuD, an independent Republican
and so-called sound-money man, persisted
in running against Ellis, the party's regu
lar nominee, ana when the full returns are
in they may show that Ellis ha 3no votes
to spare. The Democratic party showed
demoralization everywhere, and the Popu
lists profited by it. The final count may
show that Tongue is defeated by a Popu
list because Republicans did not do their
duty.
Judge Bean was elected Supreme Judge
and both branches of the Legislature will
have a Republican majority, thus insuring
a Republican United States Senator; but
trie fact remains that but for running off
after etrange gods and other acts of
disloyalty practically every Republican
candidate would have been elected. To
be sure, not enough Populists and Demo
crats have been elected to hurt much, but
there should have been none at ail.
THE VICE-PRESIDENCY..
The rank and file of the Republican party
are taking very much more interest than
usual in the Vice-Presidential question,
and so far as surface indications go,
Speaker Reed is the favorite. A little
while ago when the subject was brought
to his notice, Mr. Reed appeared to feel
highly insulted, but reports from Wash
ington, as well as from his home in Maine,
would seem to indicate that he is thinking
better of it. It is by no means a small
thing to be Vice- President of the United
States, and were it not for the ambition of
Presidents in recent years to serve two
terms, the Vice-Fresidency would be the
stepping stone to the first place by the
next convention.
Had McKiniey instead of Reed been
elected Speaker when they were competit
ors for the honor, Keed would have been
chairman of the committee on Ways and
Means, and it would have been the "R ed
tariff," and not the "McKiniey tariff." If
it be true that Heed is the second choice of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
his party for the St. Louis nomination, he
is logically the party's choice for the second
place on the ticket if he cannot get the
first. As to it being humiliating to accept
the position of Vice-President, the man
who thinks so should move to some other
country : besides, no good soldier resigns
and goes home when facing the enemy,
simply because he is assigned to a com
mand that does not quite satisfy his am
bition.
It is conceded on all sides that a Middle
or Western State will furnish the candi
date who shall lead the party. That beine
true, it follows that th«? East should have
the second place, and who is better fitted
for that duty than Mr. Reed? It is no in
sult to any man to elect him Vice-Presi
dent of the United States, and just at this
time, when there are differences more or
less troublesome between Western and
Eastern Republicans, Mr. Reed would find
himself very close in the affections of the
party were he to accept the nomination
for Vice- President to help bring the sev
eral factions into harmonious relations.
We do not wish to be understood as mean
ing that Mr. Reed is out of the race for
first piace, but it is very evident that he
has not the folldwing for the head of the
ticket that himseif and friends counted
upon a while ago, but he is still one of the
truest, ablest and most capable men in
the Republican party.
BUILD THE CANAL.
Although nothing can be done with the
Nicaragua canal bill at this session of
Congress it was rurht and proper that the
Commerce Committee should make its re
port, which it did on Monday last. The
question of constructing the canal is of so
much importance that it could not have
too much prominence. The sentiment of
the country is certainly favorable to the
enterprise, and tnat, too, without splitting
hairs over the cost. In fact the necessity
for a ship waterway between the Pacific
and. Atlantic oceans is so great that the
expense of doing the work should be a
matter of second consideration.
The Ludlow board, which was appointed
by the Government, estimates that the
cost would be fully $133,000,000, and the
estimate of the House Commerce Com
mittee is $82,000,000, but it must be remem
bered that the Lndlow board is not favor
able to the enterprise in any event — nor
are the transcontinental railways, for that
matter, and they are ooing all they can to
discourage the purpose of Congress.
It is not, however, the likes or dislikes
of opposition interests that are to be con
stilted, but the best good of the people of
the United States. Reliable estimates of
the annual revenue that would be derived
from the canal place it at a figure that
would make 7 per cent pretty certain on a
capital of $150,000,CC0. So, as a business
venture, independent of the advantage to
our commerce, the work could be under
taken without much risk. But if the Gov
ernment got no returns at all, at least for
many years, the increase in the volume
of commerce and ttie decrease in cost of
transportation, together with shortening
the time of transit, would be ample re
turn. The construotiun of the canal is
a National matter, and whatever t;ood
might come of it would be participated in
by every one, directly or indirectly. All
estimates of the cost show tl;at to be true.
DEMOCRATIC DEGENERACY.
For a lone time there had appeared to
be a race between the world, the flesh and
the devil for the honor of inventing the
most cruel device wherewith to slav the
Democratic party. There was malicious
ingenuity in the thought that suggested
the dragging of Grover Cleveland from
obscurity ana playing upon his boundless
egotism until he should walk roughshod
over the necks of the old and faijjiml lead
ers of the party, and the woild looked on
and the flesh crawled as the design of the
devil unfolded. Then a copartnership wag
formed between the three for the utter de
structiou of the Democracy.
The eve that looked through the Knot
hole in the fence of the inclosure which
held the possibilities of the very ngency
that was needed to lead the Democratic
party over the precipice of public con
tempt was quick and keen, and made no
mistake when it winked, "I have found
it." But the fondest hope of the copart
ners is more than realized in the position
of that party to-day, as exhibited in the
proposal to offer the Presidential nomina
tion of the party to Senator Teller.
To be annihilated is bad enough, and to
ro out of existence bearing marks of the
kicks of an outraged people is humility
enough, but to appeal to a man to save
who all his life has been stickinij the knife
into one's vitals is the essence of that cow
ardice and dishonesty which mows one to
pell his soul for one more breathing spell.
To be willing to stand before the world
and proclaim that he is willing to eschew
his doctrine and embrace any kind of a
faith for the privilege of living on, even in
the degradation of the exposure of his own
deceitfulness, is an exhibition of depravity
the world seldom sees in anything that
can think.
But the Democratic party, not the Dem
ocratic party that was founded by Thomas
Jefferson and stimulated to renewed
life by Andrew Jack^n, but the mod
ern Democratic party of which Grover
Cleveland is the life and soul, is willing to
renounce its every principle, throw its
Blands, its Bryans, its Tillmans and its
Altpelds into the gutter and swear fealty
to principles that it has delighted in cull
ing political lies, if only a reputable f entle
nian of the Republican party will lead it
to victor}-, that it may continue to feed
upon the spoils of office.
Senator Teller is a good man, and
hence necessarily a good Republican,
but, for ail that, he could no more give
the Democratic party tone and char
acter by becoming its leader than he could
make a silk purse out of a sow's ear; be
sides, the world would look upon him and
say, with Hamlet: "To what base uses
may we return. Horatio!"
An agitation has been started in Massa
chusetts to have a public school denti-t
appointed to see that the teeth of the
children are kept in good condition, the
School Board, of course, to pay the bills.
The children would thus get not only
their heads but tiieir teeth tilled at public
expense, and the next thin* would be to
have their stomachs filled in the same
way.
The ease with which the Italians and
the Abyssinians have managed to quit
nphting without resorting to diplomacy to
establish peace shows how simple a thine
it is for men to reach an agreement when
both sides are satisfied tney have had
enough. _________^, _____
It is reported that during the last two
years large quantities of capital have been
sent from Western Europe to Russia for
employraentin manufacturing enterprises,
which only shows that European capital
ists are looking the wrong way to see the
sun of prosperity rise.
If the Cleveland adrninistation really re
flected the sentiment of the American
people it would let the light of recogni
tion shine on Cuba.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Mrs. Edison Mills Mitchell, the woman miner
of Calaveras County, who lias acquired a good
general knowledge of gold mining in all its
stages, is at the Lick.
Mrs. Mitchell is the owner of the Delta and
Enterprise gravel mines,- five miles east of
Angels. She formerly owned the Vallecito
hydraulic mine at Vallecito, where she resides.
This mine consists of about 500 acres. Some
time since the lady sold this Urge property.
Atone time it was very flourishing and at
tracted a great deal of attention on account of
the gold It produced. t"p to the time of Mr.
Mitchell's death, some years ago, he nad
taken out $75,000 from one of the three prop
erties included in the Vallecitos combination.
This was from the Bonuey mine.
Attorney Thomas B. Bishop of this City and
Barney Murphy of San Jose, who ran against
.Mrs. Edison Mills Mitchell, the Woman Miner of Caiaveras County.
[ Sketched from, life by a "Call" artist.}
James Budd for the Democratic nomination
for Governor, finally became owners of the
Vallecitos properties, but this was not till
there had been a good deal of litigation.
"I found mining to be very interesting busi
ness," said Mrs. Mitt-hell yesterday, "but it is
rather an odd calling, I a'lmit, for a woman.
But I am a native of Calavera*, and ever since
I whs a child have been accustomed to hear
about the finding of gold, and I had also dur
ing my long residence in the mines seen and
Learned much in regard to the working of the
different kinds of properties.
"Caiaveras County is very rich in gold, and
I know no part iif it that is richer than about
the towns of Vallecitos *nd Angels. Mr. liny
ward's enormous wealth acquired in the Utica
ami tiie product of the mini's there tell in a
convincing way how rich the Country is.
"The Delta and Enterprise mines, which I
hold, consist of lib nit eighty acres each. I
tiiink them very live properties. There is one
thin^ abf'tit minla« la Mich a place us this
part Ol Culiiveras County, and that is the abil
ity to go on developing property at all seasons
of the year. It ia an equable climate. There
is nothing to impede one's progrt-Ks."
Mrs. Mitchell has lived a good deal in this
City for several yenrs tmst. She expects to re
turn to Caiaveras in a few days.
CONTENT.
I spen It In de paper an* I yeard It In ac hall
'Pout de eoin's-on a-crowin' oh de Cebt,
Whan de di'mon'H is aiUnhiu", whan de splendor
ob it all
Beats de tinea' circuses dat ebber war.
But. goodness-Roily, chile,
I doesn't ax fob style!
Koli ter see dat iußs an' fixin's I would sca'cely
walk it mile!
I's sure dah isn' i:iiffln' else ez splendid anywhere
tor ac-e M its .Summer comin' wit de roses in
her nair. #
Dey says dat coronation am de grandes' thine
yoh'li flnd
When a" monarch an* 'is people mattes er
pledge,
Yet 1 flu's sign ob promise mo' impressive ter
my mind
In de simple wreath of blossoms on de hedge
Perhaps It's case T'.n old
An 1 user 'maL-lnaiion's cold,
But mer i.'.i..t keeps 00 a whlsperin'. in spite ob
what I's tola, ■ - ■ ■
Dat nuffla' on aig gret big corf could be n'o'h
richly fair
Dan ter see Miss Summer comin' wlf de blossoms
in tier hair.
— Washington Star.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
RAISED THE FLAG AT MONTEREY.
Two Californians Living Who Were
Present on That Memorable
Occasion
Mr. Editor: In connection with the ap
proaching celebration of the fiftieth anni
versary of raising the stars and stripes at
Monterev on Tuesday, July 7, 1846, It may be
interesting to the general public to know the
fact that there are two persons now living
who were historically present and semi-offi
clal'.y participated in thnt momentous event.
Their lack of wealthy prominence may pos
sibly Ignore or obscure this fact, but that
cannot change or alter the truth of history.
They are the only two survivors who semi
officially represented the United States Gov
erument upon that occasion. The writer can
assert that neither of them desires to pose
conspicuously in the coming celebration on
account of that fact. They may well feel that
the honor and eclat attending that occasion
cannot be added to, detracted from, changed
or belittled by the action or non-nctlon of any
society of the present time. Their after
careers have been entirely honorable. They
are both members of the Society of California
Pioneers.
The gentlemen referred to are William P.
To'.er 01 Oakland, who was a midshipman on
the United States frigate Savannah, and at
the time flag officer, and who actually hoisted
the flag with his own hands; and Capiuiu \V.
F. Swasev, the well-known pioneer, who was
United States Consular Secretary with Thomas
O. I-arkin, United States Consul; and the cor
respondence relating to that event between
Mr. Lirkin and J rimes Buchanan, Secretary
of State, now in the archives at Washington"
is in the handwriting of Capfain Swascy, and
there are none now liviriK so well informed
as to the facts preceding and attending that
memorable auspicious event, ttesppctfully,
A. ANtiRKWS,
Late Captain Company A, Second Ohio Regi
ment During Mexican War, and ex-I'resi
duutof the Veterans of the Mexican War.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Bishop of Durham wears on his breast a
cross which is an exact copy of one found in
the tomb of his great predecessor, St. Cuthbert.
The Dowager Empress of Germany, the Em
press Frederick, draws from the English Treas
ury as a British Princess the gum of £8000
every year.
A book of critical essays on^ola, Dumas fils,
and Maupassant, by Count Tolstoi, has just
Deen translated, under Tolstoi's supervision,
from Russian into French.
The oldest king in Europe is Christian IX of
Denmark, who last month entered upon the
seventy-ninth year of his age. He has worn
the crown for thirty-three years.
M. Moieson, the renowned French metal
lurgist, specially famous for having produced
I artificial diamonds in the electric furnace, has
been appointed by the Paris Sorbonne, or uni
versity, io reprosent it at the centennial at
Princeton University this summer.
Leopold Strouse of Baltimore has presented
to Johns Hopkins University a sum of money
as the beginning of a fund for the purchase of
rabbinical boons for the university library.
Although the greatest of French philoso
phers, Descartes, was born 300 years ago, there
is no complete, satisfactory edition of his
works. To remedy this defect a subscription
has been started in France and Germany by
eminent metaphysicians and psychologists.
Young Rockefeller, the son of the Standard
Oil king, celebrated his twenty-second birth
day lately. He is being fitted so that he can
step into his father's business at any time—
a position which means the management of
one of the wealthiest corporations in the
■ world. He works harder than the average $15
a week clerk, and has already displayed ran.'
business tact.
George Mence Smith, a self-made Scotchman,
who died recently worth over £3,000,000, pos
sessed over seventy store* in London lor t!ie
sale of lamp oil, kitchen brushes and other
necessities of housekeeping. He leaves no less
a sum tnun $1,300,000 to be divided among
the employes of his different businew.-s.
A Glasgow paper says that when Mrae.
Beniharilt lust visited Glasgow she bought n
tine collie from a local celebrity who kept an
underground for the disposal of reptiles,
parrots and dogs. Madame was intensely in
terested in both the establishment and the
proprietor. The other day he died, and word
Of this reaching ni*dume, a kind letter of con
dolence was dispatched to the widow.
A. PRINCESS SHAPE FOR GOWN
OR WRAPPER.
The Princess dress is always popular, and
with the flaring skirt, the full sleeves and the
large collars of the present mode have an
added charm.
Fabrics of wool are used with a finish of
machine stitching. Others aN elaborately
braided. One of brown cloth had the darts
covered by a fancy design which tapered at
the waist and then spread gradually to the foot
of the skirt, where it was eight inches wide.
This wax done in dl&ck braid with a gilt edge,
the braid being sewed on endwise so the gilt
edge was uppermost. The collar was braided
to match.
Many women prefer to have such handsome
materials as satin and silk brocades made up
in this shape. The collar may be of black
chiffon wiih a design in white applique lace.
A dull green warp-printed silk with lines of
black and flounces tn matched colors had such
a collar, with a folded collar of silk cut bias.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Mrs. Fachons— ls your family an old one, Mr.
Millions?
Chol'.y Millions— Naw. I'm the first of me
line; me fawthaw's In twade, ye know.— Puck.
Hoax— l've got a great scheme for the warm
weather.
Joax— Let's have it.
Hoax— l'm going to keep v small boy near
me sharpening slate pencils. It always makes
my blood run cold.— Philadelphia Record.
The negro sexton of St. Peter's Church has a
very stylish mulatto wife. Asking for a bigger
salary, he gave as a reason: "It's mighty hard
to keep a sealskin wile on a muskrat salary."—
Judge.
Clara— Does your intended know that you
wear false teeth?
Ella— l intend breaking it gently to him; I
have already owned to one.— Lose Blatter.
Mendicant— Kind lady, won't you help a
poor man with only one leg?
Lady (interested)— How came you to have
lost one leg ?
Mendicant— My father had but one, and so
did my grandfather. Guess it runs in the fam
ily.—Washington Times.
The governess wag giving little Tommy a
grammar lesson the other day. "An abstract
noun," she said, "is the name of something
which you can think of, but not touch. Can
you give me an example ?"
"A red-hot noker!"— London Tit-Bits.
"I don't think it's wrong to fish on Sunday if
you set about it religiously. I always prays
for a nibble and gives thanks when I lands a
fish." — New York Truth.
Some student* think it necessary to bj be
hind in their lessons in order to pursue their
studies.— Boston Transcript.
Sandford— What did she say when you told
her you were a tutor in Yale ?
Merton— Asked me if I'd toot for the coach
ing party her friends were getting up. — New
York Truth.
PERSONAL.
W. F. Price of Cottonwood is in town.
B. 8. Hirsch, a hotel-owner of Ukiah, is here.
J. R. Barnett, a liveryman of Ukiah, is here.
The Rev. C. Ben-Ham of Napa is at the Occi
dental.
Irving Keck of Bowling Green, Fla., is at the
Grand.
E. 8. Churchill, the banner, of Napa, has ar
rived here.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan are
in the City.
J. W. Garun, a business man of Paso Robles,
is at the Russ,
A. McArthur, a business man of Los Angeles,
is at the Russ.
E. Ivinson, a wealthy resident of Wyoming,
is at the Palace.
John A. Mclntyre, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is in town.
S. W. Lozierof Victoria, B. C, is among the
recent arrivals bare.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yesterday
wan R. B. Wilson of Tacoma.
Andrew Rocca, Bup«rintendent of the Great
Western mine, is at the Lick.
G. R. Wood, a wealthy resident of Toronto,
Canada, is at the Occidental.
S. S. Bradford, a mill-owner and lumber
manufacturer of Sonora, is at the Russ.
Mrs. T. S. Polhemus of Alaska is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by her two children.
Charles Munroe and Charles Marriner, busi
ness men of Los Angeles, are at the Palace.
Superior Judge J. E. Prewett of Auburn has
been visiting the City for the last few days.
Robert D. Grant and George A. Clark, lead
ing men of Butte. Mont., are at the Palace.
I. R. Roney, a prominent resident of Port
land, Or., is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. J. Trabucco, a mining and business man
of Mariposa County, is among the arrivals
here.
William Bachman, the ex-State Railway
Commissioner and banker of Sacramento, is at
the Grand.
Dr. H. H. Molntyre of Vermont, once con
nected with the Alaska Commercial Company,
is at the Grand.
Victor M. Reiter, steward of the Palace
Hotel, left yesterday for a two weeks' vacation
at Bar tlett Springs.
R. P. Jacobi, a well-to-do business man of
Danville, Ky., is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife. They are here on a pleasure trip.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are Porter F. Page and Frank H.
Page, prominent merchants of Fitchburg. Mass.
R. Charlton, a well-known mining man of
Mojave, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Ho
tel.
Dr. J. L. Ord, the pioneer, of Monterey, who
arrived on the coast with Commodore Stock
ton, and was present at all the stirring scenes
incident to the conquest of California by the
United States, is in tne City on a visit. The
doctor owns a large ranch near Santa Barbara.
He formerly represented the United States
officially at the City of Mexico.
J, J. Hresliii, who has for some time past had
a responsib.e position with Newman & Lev
inson, and who was formerly for a long time
with the Grand Hotel, will leave to-night for
Camdan, N. J. He is a brother of T. J. Breslin
of Frees, Bresliu & Co., rug and carpet manu
facturers of Camden, and he goes to be here
ufter Identified with that firm.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— At the Broad
way Central— U. Calombat; Grand Union— Dr.
G. Roese; St. Denis— C. 3. Green; Metropoli
tan—A. Carpenter, O. Honsau, S. Malone;
Gilsey— A. W. Jones; Marlborough— E. J. N.
Ott; Barrett— W. H. Wright.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
It appears that on the occasion of his visit to
Canton Mr. Quay was thoroughly inoculated
with the McKiuley silence virus.— New York
Journal.
This is the last year of Cleveland's adminis
tration, and even the elements have joined
with him to make it as bad as possible. —
Wichita Eagle.
Why all this objection to McKiniey and free
silver? There was no such fuss when the
Southern States were declaring for Cleveland
and free silver in 1692.
Ii is a little strange that nene of those able
Democratic and mugwump editors of New York
asked Major McKinlev questions about his
views on protection.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
What nonsense totilkof a McKiniey band
waßpn. In band wagons each generally blows
his own horn, but here even the leader is not
giving forth a sound.— Philadelphia Times.
Dr. Mark Hanna continues to prescribe large
closes of silence for his patient and to insist
that all conversation of a nature to accelerate
the pulse must bo rigidly avoided.— New York
Bun.
David B. Hill says he uoesn't want the nomi
nation for President. As the National Democ
racy always gives David B. what he doesn't
want t hit. may be nis year. — Kansas City
Journal.
A poll of the New York Democratic State
Committee on Presidential preferences is said
to show 4 for Cleveland, 3 for Hill, 3 for Rus
iieli and 40 for anybody who will take it The
New York committee seems to represent the
party at large with tolerable accuracy.— St.
Paul Pioneer Press.
Enraged McKinleyites should not scorn Ed
munds' observations about the fitness of their
idol for the Presidential chair. He proved to
be a good prophet during the Blame and Logan
campaign. He was the one man In the inside
coterie of Republicans ut that time who had
the courage to point out to his fellows that
Blame had many disqualifications for the party
nomination.— Providence Journal.
JACOB DAVIDS N'S BURIAL.
He was a Pioneer Merchant of Oregon
and of This City.
Jacob Davidson, a business man of the
days of old, a member of the firm of
Davidson <fe Poppe, was buried yesterday
from his late residence on Golden Gate
avenue. The deceased was a prominent
member of the Masonic fraternity, and his
interment was under tho auspices of that
organization.
Mr. Davidson was born in Techlenburg,
Germany, in 1824. When 19 years
of age he came to America, and in 1852
arrived in Ban Francisco. Shortly after
he removed to Oregon, and for several
years was in business in Salem and Port
land, returning to this City in 1861. His
firm was one of the earliest of local cigar
importcrs|and was continued until about
twenty years ago, when Mr. Davidson
retired. He has since devoted Ins time to
watering over his various investments.
He was a capable business man, a member
of Masonic Ix>djje No. 3, of Philadelphia,
and founder of the second pioneer lodge
of Oregon.
Civil Service Election.
The annual election of officers of the Civil
Service Association was held yesterday, result
ing as follows: President, George W. Cope;
vice-president, D. J. O'Leary; financial secre
retary, T. J. Foley; recording secretary, C. S.
Fitzsimmons; treasurer. R J. Bush; serjeant
at-arms, John Chriohteu, The association was
organized last fall, with a membership of 178.
At the meeting yesterday forty-six new appli
cations were received. The object of the or
ganization is to protect Government employes
who are discharged without cause.
Moiuitrtln Mines Company Sued.
S. A. and J. A. McLean instituted suit in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday against
the Mountain Mines, Limited, to recover
$51,476 50. The plalntlrffs al.ege thut they
agreed to construot a road in Shusta County
for the defendants within a specified litne,
and further that they were to receive a given
sum for th« work so completed. The tota; bill
amounted to $73,476 50, of which $22,000
was paid. The plaintiffs now seek to recover
the balance.
GOOD FOR MAIL-BEARERS
Prospect That Local Letter-Car
riers Win Receive $100,000
Back Pay.
The Claims Average Over $500 Each.
National Carriers' Association
Convention.
Local postal-carriers are much elated
over the fact that the Secretary of the
Treasury has sent to the Senate a list of
judgments awarded by the Court of Claims
to letter-carriera on account of "over
time."
The amount involved is something over
$100,000, and will be divided between 206
carriers. A departmental examiner is ex
pected within the next ten days, when the
absolute merits of the several claims will
be carefully looked after. If they are
found to be correct there is little doubt
but that the Senate will authorize the
payment of the same at once.
Prom 1888 to X 894 there was no provision
for "overtime." A bill was introduced in
the Senate providing for back pay, and the
carriers here at once set about filing their
claims. The overtime as now audited,
ranges from $200 to $1500, averaging about
$500.
The carriers are much elated over the
prospect of this additional pay. What is
now of general interest, ..however, is the
fact that they are willing to spend it all to
secure the annual convention of the
National Association of Letter-carriers for
1897. The association meets this year at
Grand Rapids, Mich. The local organiza
tion, branch 214, will be strongly repre
resented at the meeting, and a great effort
will be made to bring the next convention
here. &&£&*&
PASSING OF A PIONEER,
Captain John Martin of AlvUo Finish*!
Hia Life's Work.
Captain John Martin, an old pioneer,
passed peacefully away at his home in
Alviso last Saturday morning.
He was born in Hamburg, Germany,
September 25, 1825, and came to California
in 1849. He has long been identified with
the interests and growth of Santa Clan
County, and was admired for his honesty
and uprightness of character. He resided
in this State for forty-eight years, and was
well known in shipping circles in this
City.
In 1862 Captain Martin was married to
Miss Theresa B. Borden, who survives him.
He was the father of eleven children, tea
of whom are living. They are: John T.,
Peter 8., Terry P., James C, Theodore E.,
Marguerite E-, Florence M., Esther J.
Martin, Mrs. Neal Pitman and Mrs. C. V.
Kavanagh.
The interment took place at Oak Hill
Cemetery, San Jose, and was conducted
by the I.*O. O. F., of which deceased was
a member. The remains were followed to
the grave by a large concourse.
The Ryan Minors Sue.
Mrs. Mary Agnes Ryan, as guardian of
Charles Ryan Jr. and Mary Ryan, minors, in
stituted suit in the United States Circuit Court
against C. J. Smith, receiver of the Oregon Im
provement Company, to recover $30,000. The
complaint alleges that on March 13, 1896,
Charles Ryan, the father of the two children
mentioned, was acting as "dumper" on the
vessel Empire when he fell down an open
hatchway, receiving fatal injuries. Tne Ore
gon Improvement Company is held responsi
ble for this by reason of the imperfect me
chanical appliances furnished the deceased.
»—» — ♦ — •
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'sV*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by ths Pross
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Tom Reed and Levi Morton think that If
only these cyclones will keep on monopolizing
public attention and hiding Mr. McKiniey and
his boom from the public eye they may possi
bly be able to put a little color in the sallow
cheeks of their own wee booms. — Chicago
News.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via I'nlon Pacific.
nIBTV 3Va DAYS TO CHICAGO-3J*
OHI<Y 4s, DAYS TO NEW YOKK-4.\4
Pollman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, ban Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding oar
great excursion to the Yellowstone. ¥ arty leaves
here tha 12th of July. Weekly excursions in up
holstered tourist cars No change. Lowest rates
to all points Kasu t. K. Stateler, agent Northern
Pacific Kailroad, 638 Market street, Sao Francisco.
"Mrs. "Winslow's soothing Syrup"
Has been ased over 50 years by millions of mother*
for ibs-ir children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sate by Drag
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and ask
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2ia a bottu.
CokoxaDo.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
find mild, being entirely free from the mist* com
mon further north. Kound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at taa Hotel dal
Corouado, $60; longer stay S3 50 per day. Apply
4 JNew Montgomery st., Sao Fraiciico.
Captain Anson Is too much of a scientist to
endeavor to oppose his own feeble energies to
tne inevitable law of gravitation. That is prob
ably the way in which the McKiniey boom ex
pects to arrive in the Missouri metropolis. —
Chicago Record.
NEW TO-DAY.
eUs ullllla nuF6
AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, (Saucers and Plates, decorated, . 7}£o
each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c. ' ■
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces.
$4 65 and $5 25. V *
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge #85.
1 ' AT— —
Great American Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market •*' 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 2 , 8 Ihird st.
140 Sixth st. ao oB Fillmore at.
7 o a . l ? y / t ' 965 Market st.
4 9 »f °'£ **' 3006 Sixteenth st.
sai Montgomery «ye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3230 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
i ■ i3ss Park st., Aiamcda.JSiiiiiS
WEDNESDAY ..JUNE 3, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Faldwix Tbkateb — "Twelfth Night."
( pi.r»ißTA I'BKATKR— "The Two Escutcheons."
Mohosco's OrKHA-HousK— "The Soudan."
'< :voli OPKRA-Horsic— ■•Olivette.'
OnrHF.ru— High-Class Vaudeville.
The Emporium.— Concert to-morrow night by
the Emporium Orchestra.
M'tko Coxkt Island— Bathing and Perform
• nc»-s.
Shoot thk Chutes- Dally at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
1 acij-jcCoabtJockkyCxcb.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EXCDBBION— To Sonoma Valley, Sunday, June 7
Excursion and Picnic— Sunset Park, Santa
ru7, mountains, Saturday, June 6.
Excursion to thk Santa (.'buz Mountains—
Thursday. June 4. ■■Xfexm :
.
AUCTION &ALL : S.
By E. S. spur a Co.— This day (Wednesday)
Furniture, at 31 Sutler street, at 10 o'clock.
By L. Vincknt— This day (Wednesday), Furni
ture, at 502 Tayior street, at 11 o'clock.
■ By J. C. Mctheb- Thursday, June 4, Furni
■ ture, at 383 Golden Gate avenue, at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Vvbsen «fc Monday, June 8,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The weather forecast for to-day says fair with
high westerly winds.
The trustees and officers of the Mechanics'
' Institute met last night.
Captain John Martin of Alviso. a pioneer of
'49, died at nis home last Saturday.
Hymen had a busy day yesterday, there being
no less than four fashionable weddings.
It Is expected to have the tracks of the Val
ley road laid into the town of Merced to-mor
row.
The will of Peter Clees, leaving a $10,000
estate to his relatives, has been filed for pro
bate.
Sharkey and Needham were the favorites
last night in the betting on this evening's
mills.
'ay. Brunt Grimaldi, the Italian Consul-Gen
eral, has been appointed Minister to Gua
temala.
Henry Wheeler, a convict servinga five years'
noe for burglary, is missing at San
: Q'lentin.
The Free Public Library Board met yester
day »nd adopted the estimates for the next
ftsi-al year.
Philip Oppenheim, who held property worth
abou i $100,000 as trustee for his mother, has
fled to Canada.
Jacob Davidson, a pioneer merchant of
Oregon and of this City, was buried yesterday
moraine at 10:30.
The wife of Jacob Wehrle. carpenter, 379
Satoma street, shot herself in the chest last
night and will probably die.
The preliminary examination of Assessor
Siebe on the charge of perjury was resumed be
fore Judge Campbell yesterday.
M<yer Jacobs may be nominated tor School
Director to till the place left vacant by the
resignation of Henry L. Dodge.
Wesley T. Lewis was arraigned in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday, and his preliminary ex
funination was continued for a week.
A bogus book agent is said to be exploiting
:;ts and charitable institutions in the
; vicinity of Watsonville and Monterey.
I'oice, Gracie J, Red Glen, Mirambc, Two
-- i_a Flecha and Road Warmer were the
winning horses at Ingleside yesterday.
A Festival of Nations will probably be given
'.-'during the coming fall by the ladies of
The Women's Educational and Industrial
Union.
Ihe Republicans ol the Thirty-ninth Asssm
;■ biy DiFtnct have decided to turn out with
similar bodies to ratify the nomination of the
•' president,
Head Cook Kearney of the Almshouse has
■ been discharged to avoid the scandal that an
■ investigation of his conduct would have
• brought about.
The Republican Executive Council will hold
its annual election for officers on next Friday
evening in Judge Belcher's courtroom, City
Hall, at 8 o'clock.
The people of Alameda are preparing to
make a strong resistance if the Southern Pa
•empfs to charge local fare within the
Hmits of their city.
Target practice with the big cannon at Black
Point yesterday kept the air humming, win
dows clattering and craft passing in and out of
the Heads dodging.
The local Cigar-makers' Union has declared
a boycott upon the product of Jacob Brandt's
cisar factory because he employs Chinese in
•-•■ a J of white men.
Eleanor H. More has applied for special let
ters of administration over the estate of A. P.
More deceased, in place of John F. More whom
Judge tofley suspended.
. All the retail grocery stores In the City are to
be closed next Wednesday, when tne Retail
Grocers' Association will hold its annual picnic
at Scheutzen Park, San Rafael.
Two schoolboys of the Edison Primary Bchool
last Saturday broke Into the BChool and
smashed things generally because they had
been suspended by the principal.
■ Judge Seaweli has dissolved the injunction
. restraining the Superintendent of Streets from
• removing the poles of the Mutual Electric
: Light Company erected on Market street.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry spoke last night at Metro-
Ti<.,itan Hall in answer to the quection, "Is
there agreement or is there antagonism be
tween true Americanism and Romanism?"
■ Jack Davis, known as the champion of the
Northwest, is a guest of MajorTahey of the
'ipoiltan Hotel, and wishes to challenge
• the winner of the Sharkey-WUlia ms contest-
The Commissioners have decided to do with
out the high roof originally contemplated
•'■ upon the City Hall. Contracts for improve
ments of the building will be awarded to-day.
. During the absence in Europe of the Rev. Dr.
Hemphill of Calvary Presbyterian Church the
;.. pulpit will De supplied by Rev. W. L. Birch, a
j Baptist-Union preacher of Manchester, Eng
land.
. Superintendent of Scnools Babcock has is
sued an interestingcircular letter to principals
ye to the sanitary condition of the school- I
houses and the health of the teachers and chil
dren.
Mrs. Duncan Campbell, 40 Minna street,
who was deserted by her husband about three
months ago and was left destitute with three
lirtle children, swore out a warrant yesterday
for his arrest.
The California Academy of Sciences may be
compelled to close its doorg for want of money
to pay running expenses. Professor David
Starr Jordan made a personal appeal to mem-
Ders but it was unavailing.
Judge Hibbard will probably sign an order
this morning committing Cattle-king Whit* to
OOntV Jail for refusing to comply witn
the .court's instruction to transfer certain as
signed notes to tne receiver.
Hanker Thomas Brown swore yesterday in
:he Siebe perjury case that if ho had twelve
million dollars caah be would pay it on the
nail for the Market-street Railway syste m. W.
J. Adams, a director of the road, s wore that the
. road was worth from (en to eleven millions.
■j' There U a hitch in the negotiations pending
en Frank J. Still iv in und D. Samuels for
h>- leaae of the building now occupied by the
Harket on Sutler street. The lease
-be signed, but the tenants oi the old
: :ik'ly, in any event, to remove to
UD et . .
NEW TO-DAT. _^
CENT ;
• Bottle of CUTICURA RESOL-
; VENT, greatest of humor cures,
... is often sufficient to complete
: a permanent cure of the most
.. torturing and disfiguring of
..-•■■■--
skin, scalp, and blood humors.
:: Spefdt Curb Treatment for all Skin and
; • BLOOD Humous. - Warm baths with CimcußA
'. Soap, gentle applications of CUTICURA (oint-
■ ' meot), the great ekln cilre, and mild dosen of
Cuticuea Uesolvent, greatest of humor cares.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Ceticuba, Mci
Soap, Sic ; lUsolvevt. We and »1. Potteb Dbdo
imi C'iieji. Coup., Sole Props . Boston.
IKT " How to Cure Every Humor," milled fit*.
McLAUGHLIN HAS
ANNOUNCED THEM
His Republican Committee
Appointments Are Out
and They Suit.
SORE SPOTS ARE LITTLE
The Party's State Campaign
Machinery Is N^w Per
fected and Ready.
HARMONY AND EFFECTIVENESS
Southern California Will Have an
Auxiliary Campaign Commit
tee of Its Own.
CAMPAIGN COMIWITTEK — John D.
Spreckels, San Francisco, Chairman ;
Paris Kilhurti, M. R. Higgins, W. W.
Shannon, San Francisco ; Irving I".
Dudley, San Diego; XV. F. George,
Sacramento; K. K. Taylor, Alameda:
J. W. Rea, San Jose.
PURITY LAW COMMITTEE — Pariß
Kilburn, San Francisco, Chairman ;
C. W. Man waring, H. N. Gray, Con
O'Connor, San Francisco ; F. A. Miller,
Riverside.
FINANCE COMMITTEE— Con O'Con
nor, San Francisco, Chairman; J. D.
Spreckels, H. N. Gray, C. W. Man
waring, Paris Kilbnrn, San Francigco;
J. W. Rea, San Jose: E. K. Taylor,
Alameda; F. P.Flint, W. F. Parker, Los
Angeles; E.F.Preston, San Mateo; I. B.
Dudley, San Diego.
LEGAL COMMITTEE— E. F. Preston,
San Mateo, Chairman ; F. P. Flint, Los
Angeles; W. F. George, Sacramento; A.
Ruef, W. A. S. Nicholson, San Francisco.
REGISTRATION COMMITTEE — A.
Ruef, San Francisco, Chairman: W. W.
Shannon, C. W. Maiiwaring, W. A. S.
Nicholson, San Francisco; W. F. Parker,
Los Angeles; M. H. Weight, Pasadena;
F. A. Miller, Riverside.
LITERATUB£ COMMITTEE —A. B.
Lemmon, Santa Rosa, Chairman; M. 11.
Weight, Pasadena; M R. Higpin*. TV.
A. S. Nicholson, San Franciscu; II Z. Og
boroe.W. F. Parker, L,os Angeles; E. F.
Preston, San Mat eo.
COMMITTEE ON BY-LAWS- W. F.
George, Sacramento, Chairman; A. Ruef,
San Francisco; H. Z. Oshorne, l><- An
geles; E. K. Taylor, Alameda; A. B.
Lemmon, Santa Rosa.
HEADQtAKTEKS COMMITTKK —H.
X. Gray, Sau Francisoo, Chairman; C.
O'Connor. 31. R. Higgins, San Francisco.
Major Frank Mclaughlin, chairman of!
the Republican State Executive Com- ■
mittee, yesterday evening announced his
appointments of committees as given
above. This perfects the State campaign
machinery, which will start into vigorous
activity immediately after the National
Convention.
The announcement had been awaited
with great interest by a great many party
men throughout the State, and the' list of
names, as the head of the State campaign
operations had placed them, was scanned
with close analytical attention about the
hotel lobbies during the evening.
It turned out that McLaughlin had
achieved the result of satisfying nearly
everybody. Sore spots could be seen red
dening of course, but they were little ones.
The major's job had not been one that
men would be apt to yearn for, bu t he ac
complished it will skill and wisdom.
The chairman had used extreme care
and had repeatedly changed the make-up
of the committees during the ten days
which he had given for their considera
tion. He considered nrst the fitness and
availability of the men for the work and
then the probabilities of the members of
each committee working together in har
mony.
He also considered, of course, as far as
the best discretion permitted, the indi
vidual wishes of the respective members.
The consent of each man to serve on the
respective committees to which he was
appointed was secured, and it was not
until yesterday afternoon that the list was
j finally decided npon.
The most noticeable thing about the list
as it stands is the fact that no chairman
ships and comparatively few committee
places have been given to the representa
tives of Southern California. This is
wholly due to the fact that it has been ar
ranged that an auxiliary committee, to
manage campaign details south of Te
hachipi, has been arranged for.
The southern members will create their
own corresponding committees with their
chairmen, all of which, however, will be
subject to the general control of the
whole executive committee. This ar
rangement suits well the southern mem
bers and will result in a more eae-iive,
more intelligently managed and more
satisfactory State campaign.
The committees, as they stand, are re
garded by leading Republicans as strong
and able ones, with the right men in the
right places, and as further assurances
that the coming campaign will be in the
hands of clean, able and competent men
who will put life and vigor into the cam
paign, and win a victory that will be
worthy of the party.
"Some people have been anxious for me
to produce the committees before this,"
said the major last evening, "but it was
impossible for me to do so. I had to con
sult with nearly every member of the
committee to see if my contemplated plac
ing of his name would be satisfactory to
him, and to see if he would be satisfied to
work with his committee associates. I
made some changes on telegraphic infor
mation as late as this afternoon.
"The reason tbat no chairmanships have
been given to Southern California is that
an auxiliary committee will be created for
that territory and those members will dis
pose of the chairmanships as they please."
The committees will not be apt to do
anything until after the State Convention,
when the campaign will break.
Young Republicans.
The Young Men's Republican .League
will hold a special meetinsr in Judge Ker
rigan's courtroom to-morrow evening to
take steps in arrangements of a big ratifica
tion meeting following the nomination of
candidates for President and Vice-Presi-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
dent by the Republican convention. A
drill corps, which is to be handsomely uni
formed, will be organized, and the execu
tive committee will make its report on
permanent headquarters. It is expected
that addresses will be made by W. S.
Barnes, C. W: Kyle, E. I. Wolf, Robert E.
Frederick and Colonel T. V. Eddy.
THIRTY-NINTH CLUB.
Republicans Preparing to Hold a Big
Ratification Meeting.
The Republicans of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District held their usual monthly
meeting at Saratoga Hall last night.
After the routine business had been dis
posed of, the question of holding a rousing
ratification meeting on the nomination of
the next President was discussed by sev
eral members.
It was finally decided that the club
would turn out and join with other Re
publican bodies in the proposed ratifica
tion as soon as the name of the nominee
of the party is received here.
To make further arrangements on this
matter President Gibson was authorized
to appoint such members of the club as he
might deem necessary to assist in the car
.rying out of the wishes of the Republicans
of the district.
DEL MONTE FLYER.
Another Half-Hour to Be Cat From the
Time to That Resort.
Commencing Monday next the Coast
Division road will inaugurate a Pullman
palace and buffet car service between San
Francisco and Del Monte.
The car for this train is called the Wini
fred, and is now in the yards of the com
pany near the foot of Fourth street, and
will be on exhibition to the public on Fri
day and Saturday.
On the same day a new time-card will
go intu effect between this City and Del
The Schooner Dora Bluhm and Pilot-Boat Gracie S Both Made Port Yesterday Morning While Target
Practice Was Going on at Black Point. After the Blunm Passed Up the Bay a Shot Was Fired
and Captain Larsen at Once Made for the Fort to Give an Account of Himself The Gracie S
Stood On and Off and Came In Between Shots.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
Monte, which will cut thirty minutes from |
the time now being maiie by the flyer. It i
will ieave under the new schedule at 2:30 j
p. M., and arrive at Del Monte at 5 p. M. in- j
stead of 6:15 p. m. as heretofore. This |
train, with the parlor-buffet car, will run
daily, except Sunday, and will be knowu i
a? the Del Monte limited.
A. change will also be made on that day i
I in the train which now leaves here at 3:80 j
: p. m. and runs to San Jose. This will run
' through to Pacinc Grove.
The funeral train, which at present
j leaves here at 11 :45 a. m. for the cemeter
] ies, will on and after Monday next leave
at 11:30 a. M.
On Sunday next the operation of the
! Coast Division road of the Southern Pa
! cine Company will be extended two and a
I half miles beyond Viaduct, the present
terminus of the line, to a station to be
: known as Taagair. Close connection will
be made at the;new station with the stage
service from Lompoc, Santa Barbara and
j points south.
NEUTRAL ON THE CHARTER
I The Mechanics' Institute Prefers
to Take No Definite
Stand.
j Preparing for Saturday's Reception to I
the Attaches of the Union
Iron Works.
At last night's meeting of the board of j
trustees and officers of the Mechanics' j
Institute, the report of the committee on
I lectures and classes announced the closing ■
of the classes at the same time that the
| City public schools clo.~e. It was also an
nounced that Professor E. E. Farmer j
would take charge of the class in elec- ''
j tricily at the opening of the next session. !
Mr. Doolan, chairman of the special !
! committee appointed to arrange for the !
I reception to the proprietors and attaches
lof the Union Iron Works to take !
! place on Saturday night at the |
Pavilion, reported that 5000 invitations j
had been issued. Messrs. Lewis and ,
Cummings, who also si.rn.ed the report, i
wished publicity to be given to the fact
i that no admission fee will be charged at
j the reception or at the ball which is to
i follow it. The programme as at present '
I arranged is as follows:
"he. Fiesta" (Roncovleri) ; "American Over- '
'■ ture" (Cntliu), introducing "Our Nations,"
"Red, White and Blue," "Hail Columbia," ;
j "'Washington's March," "America," "Ameri- I
can Hymn," "The Land of Washington," '•
"Star "Spangled Manner," "Yankee Doo- i
die," grand finale; address, E. A. i
Denlcke, president of the Mechanics'
Institute; Grand Nautical Modley, "Songs
! of the Sea" (Walston), introducing -'The Tar's
j J'arcweU Waltz," "Dublin Bay," "By the Sad !
I Sea Waves," "Life on the Ocean Wave," i
i "Barcarolle," "Our Jack's Come Home To- |
! d ■>-," "Sailing," "On Board the Oregon," I
j "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," I
"Nancy Lee," finale; Knickerbocker Quar- |
trt, "Tar's Song" (Hatton); address, I
Oscar Lewis, trustee Mechanics' Institute; '
response, Irving M. Scott; music, patrol, |
"Blue and the Gray" (Dalby); Knickerbocker;
Ouartet, "A Sailor's Life, Hurrah!" (Coe); i
address. Joseph Leggett, trustee of the Me- I
chanics' Institute; address, George W. Dickie; |
music, "March of the Roses ' (Schleicher); j
dancing.
The president announced that he had i
been invited to attend a series of meet- !
ings having for their object the furthering
of the proposed new charter. He had not
accepted the invitation, as he was unwill- !
ing to appear as though acting for the !
institute.
This called for a vigorous anti-charter
speech from Mr. Lengett, and it was de
cided that the institute as such had best
preserve a neutral attitude towara the I
proposed public document.
The number of suicides among the deaf
and dumb is said to be greater than amove
any other class of unfortunates.
CANNON BOOMED
AT BLACK POINT,
A Shot That Brought the
Dora Bluhm Up With
a Round Turn.
GOOD SCORES MADE.
Manuel Drobaz Could Not Secure
a Rebate From the Harbor
Commissioners.
WILL USE PACIFIC WHARF.
The Oceanic Steamship Company Will
Dock Its Vessels There in
Future.
Target practice began at Fort Mason
yesterday and for several weeks to come
the puns on that Doint and the Presidio
and Alcatraz will boom. In consequence
I the Government steamer McDowell will be I
I kept busy in moving the targets and
i making ready for the morning drill.
Yesterday the gunners at Fort Mason
(Black Point) made an excellent showing.
j Their shot and shell went within a few
! hundred feet of the target on e7ery occa
j sion and once or twice the spray from a
bursting shell broke clean over the buoy.
The target was clear across the channel
and in consequence the shots had to be
timed in order to allow vessels passing in
or out to clear the line of fire. The
j schooner Dora Bluhm from Eureka and
! the pilot-boat Gracie S both passed in
about the same time. The Gracie S went
into irons but the Bluhm held on her way
The men at the fort held their lire, but
| as soon as the schooner was out of danger
the cannon was discharged. Captain Ijar
' sen thought the shot was intended for
| him and he at once lowered his main3ail
' and stood in for Meiggs wharf. It was
1 only when the Mercnants' Exchange re
: porter explained the situation to him that
be consented to stand on his way for the
; Mission mud flats. Between the next two
i shots the Giacie S passed in and came to
! an anchorage ofl Powell-street wharf.
President Colnon of the Harbor Com
mission was in attendance at yesterday's
meeting of the board. He was not "doing
I politics in Stockton," but came to San
Francisco last Sunday and has been at
tending strictly to State business ever
since. A report submitted by Architect
E. R. Swain showed that $6500 worth of
columns for the new ferry depot had been
i delivered and found up to the standard re
i quired by the specifications.
" Superintendent of Construction Robert
son will in future have to report to Archi
j tect Swain once a weelc. Commissioner
| Chadbourne thought that he should make
j a showing in regard to his work. Presi
j dent Colnon thought no report was neces
sary »s Robertson was really employed as
a private detective. Cbadbourne insisted,
however, tnat a record of the work dona by I
him should appear among the records of
! the commission, and he gained his point.
i In future his weekly report of work done
; and material accepted will be incorporated
; in the architect's statement.
H. Taylor asked for permission to ad- .
yertise his navigation school on the buiid
! ing of one of the tugboat companies. His
j request was denied.
Manuel Drobaz bad to pay a bill of $22 j
i over which he and the collector at fisher- j
men's wharf had several squabbles. Dro- !
baz owns a fishirm-boat and tlie captain
failed to pay the State tolls. When they j
amounted to $0 a demand was made up in \
Drobaz for the amount. He refused to
! pay and pointed to the Tact that he had
toFd the collector to get his money every
Saturday night. In the menntime the
; boat disappeared and the State was out $0.
A few days ago the lugeer turned up again I
: and Chief Wharfinger Root at once seized '
j her. Double wharfage and a fine of $10 !
was charged, and before Drobaz could get i
his boat he had to pay it. Yesterday he J
made an impassioned appeal to the Com
missioners, but it availed him nothing, so
- the double wharfage and tine still stands. >
The work of rebuilding the outer half
'of Bryant street was let yesterday. Sev- j
| eral of the bids were rejected, but finally
j on the advice of Attorney Ford all were
; considered. Chief. Engineer Holmes
! made it one of his conditions that the
', bids on the three different demands should
i contain an aggregate for all. This was
I not followed, but it made no difference in
the general result. Galloway, Townley &
i Co. secured the contract for $3«27 50. Their
i offer to relay the wharf with old timber
', was only 50 cents afoot, while the next
lowest bid was that of Healy, Tibbetts & !
Co. , $2.
John D. Spreckels Bro~. Company want
! Pacific-street wharf for their steamers and
i tug*. Folsom-street wharf is to be re
built, and in consequence a change has to
be made. Commissioners Colnon and
Cole were willing to grant space for the
I ocean-coin g steamers, but they did not
want the tugs on the south end of the
front. Chief Wharfinger Root pointed
out that with two big steamers at fie
wharf there would not be room for any
other deep-water ship, and that the tugs
would fill in and thus add to the revenue
of the board. In order to accommodate
the Oceanic Steamship Company's steam
ers the shed over Pacific-street wharf will
have to be altered. Chief Engineer
Holmes will make the necessary altera
tions in the plans and the matter will
come up for discussion again to-morrow.
The wharfingers and collectors are look
ing forward with pleasure to the Ist of
July. New uniforms are the order of the
day, and as they are neat and natty every
body is pleased with them. Chief Wharf
inger Root has one that he wears now,
and it gives him a soldierly appearance
that sits well on the shoulders of the rep
resentative of the Commissioners. The
wharfinsers and collectors are a splendid
body of men, aud when arrayed in their
new suits there will not be a finer looking
set on the water front of the United States
than they. Commissioner Chadbourne is
very much interested in the new move,
and he intends making the service on the
water front an ideal one. The colonel be
lieves in military discipline and his firm
yet gentle rule has already worked won
ders in the service.
The Stockton steamer Captain Weber
has started opposition, in a musical line,
to the T. C. Walker. The latter has em
ployed a band for over a month to draw
the crowds. Yesterday tha Weber had
two pipers on her deck, and when the
band on the Walker began to play the
wild skirl of the pipes drowned the
sound. It was a terrible medley and
drove everybody from the Clay-street
wharf.
AFTER BRANDT'S SCALP.
Union Cigar- .Maker* Will Actively
Boycott His Goods.
The local Cigar-makers' Union is de
termined to push its right againsi Jacob
Brandt, the ci^ar manufacturer at 411
Battery street, for employing Chinese in
stead of white men in his factory.
Shortly after Mr. Culp of San Felipe
introduced his California-grown tobacco
Brandt began the manufacture of the leaf
into cigars, and the union discovered in a
very short time tbat be was employing
Chinese in their manufacture.
All efforts to have him change to white
labor seem to have been of no avail and
at last the union declared a boycott upon
the product Gf Bramlt's factory. Last even
ing at the meeting of the union it was de
cided to appeal to the San Francisco La
bor Council for support in the boycott
npon Brandt's cigars.
The committee of ten, to whom the mat
ter was originally referred, was instructed
to call upon the Building Trades Council
and the labor organizations in th c City to
support the boycott. The committee will
also visit all retail dealers who carry
Brandt's stock and ask them to reuse deal
ing with the manufacturer until such time
as he discharges his Chinese cigar-makers
and employs white cigar-makers in their
stead.
Nominations were made last evening of
the officers for the ensuing term. The
election will be held at the next regular
meeting.
OPPENHEIM IN CANADA.
With Him There Is Also Sup
posed to Be One Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
Persuaded His Mother to Turn Her
Property Over to Him by a
Trust Deed.
Philip Oppenheim, who had been or
dered by Judge Prewett of the Sacramento
Superior Court to turn over yesterday to
T. M. Yates as receiver some $100,000,
which he held aa trustee for his mother,
has disappeared and is supposed now to
be in Toronto, Canada.
The defaulting trustee is the son of
Raphael O. Oppenheim, a Sacramento
capitalist who died in 1890, leaving an es
tate valued at $130,000. By his will he left
everything to his widow, with whom he
had not got along well for years, on
condition that in whatever she did for the
three children — Philip, Maiiuel and Cali
fornia — she should treat all alike.
Philip, however, persuaded his mother
to turn over everything to him by n trust
deed, oy the terms of which Phi'ip was to
tiave control of all the property during his
mother's lifetime.
Mrs. Oppenheim says she signed the
deed while ignorant of its true Signifi
cance. When she realized, however, what
unlimited power she had given Philip, she
endeavored in vain to retrain possession of
the property. Finally she instituted a
suit, in which she was joined by her son
Manuel, and when the case came to trial
Judge Prewett made an order directing
Philip to turn over all the property in his
possession to Receiver .Yates.
This morning, at an appointed hour, the
Judge, receiver and all others interested
met at the Safe Deposit Building and
waited for Oppenheim, but, as stated, they
waited in vain.
NEW TO-DAY.
L Cheapest* Because the Best
\ GAILBORDEN \
3 EAGLE BRAND I
2 CONDENSED MILK 5
X Rend for thai little book, "Infant A
W Health;" great value to mothers. Sent W
A t: •.■•-.-. A
V N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. •
h n Hudson Street, lfew Yorik t
NEW TO-DAY. H'\z
For the Postage—A Sample of Famous
£*p^ Teeth^Breath*
i
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mall, provided you mention this publication and send three cents
for postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall <& Rdckel, Wholesale Drurzlsts New
York City. '
NEW TO-DAT.
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES ON
TAN SHOES
AT THE MONARCH.
EXTRA SPECIAL OFFERING
THIS WEEK.
Ladies' Tan Oxford Ties, Pointed
Toes, and Tips, Turn Soles, all
sizes, at 95c.
BcSi Values in the city
111 Misses' and Children's Tan Shoes.
/•
Children's and Misses' Kusset Button Spring J
Heels, narrow square toe, V-shape tip, straight ;
foxed.
Sizes 5 to 8 75c
Sizes Hi/2 to 1 1 $1
Sizes liy 2 to -' $1 25
'The secret or these low prices lies In the fact
that we own our building, and are satisfied to |
give the public in bargains the enormous rent
other shoe nouses are paying.
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
FREUD'S CORSET BOUSE. I
JUST RECEIVED— A LARGE INVOICE OF
Long- Waist «•<! P. I), sans Kival Corsets,
C. P. a la Sirene Corsets,'
Celebrated Royal C. T. Corsets,
Elecant >*. T. French Corsets,
Unrivaled Werly Corsets,
Bicycle Corsets.
The Relffnlnij Fashionable LOUIS XV
PARISIAN CORSET and THE
OL(iA CORSET.
a . g
% . r
CAUTION — Having no agencies or branch
stores, our corsets can be purchased only at oar
establishment.
Mail orders receive prompt attention. s
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. PREUD cfc SON,
742-744 Harket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
fill YOU
ALL NEED
IS TO COMPARE OUR PRICES ON
BABY CARRIAGES.
Hood top, reed bo ly, upholstered, steel
springs and whee15......... — 64.75 |
Hood top, reed body, good upholstering, A « >
steel springs and wheels 5G.35
Hood top, reed body, upholstered in tapes-
try, plush roll, steel springs and
wheels $8.85
Hood top, reed body, fancy shape, up-
holstered in tapestry, plush roll, steel
springs and wheels ......... $lO.OO
jEMIAGJ ROBES
LESS THAN COST.
j(TJ- SEND FOR our catalogue.
razors AND SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics.
A specialty.
btS-eZO MARKET 51
REGISTRATION
FOR THE-
GENERAL ELECTION.
ALL ELKCTORH DESIRING TO VOTE AT
the coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
- Registration for the General Election to be held
November 8, 1896, is now open at the Office of the
Registrar of Vote*, In the basement of the north-
east wing of the City Hall, and will continue until
MONDAY, August 3d. inclusive, when Registra-
tion in the Precincts will commence.
W.M HI.NTON, Ucelstrarof Votes.
NEW TO-LAY-AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
S»VI3IMING SEASON NOW OPEN!
RAIN OR SH'.NE— CALM Oil STORM,
Atmosphere Always 72 Degrees-
PURE OCEAN WATEK-80 DEGREES.
SPECIAL TANK FOR LADIES.
GENEKAL ADMISSION —
Adults. 10 Cents. ■ Children, S Cents.
THE CHUTES!
OPEN SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS
AND EVERY PL K AS ANT EVENING
Until A Completion of Improvement!.
h~fi"-n J Tir*i l^ J -T' l ffif>rr ■■ ■lrtt.-TTiiTIHiiT-'* ; . ?3e£3i&KttL
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
Ai. Haym an & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors'
LAST 4 3MIOIITS I
Last 2 Mats— To-day and Saturday.
— FARE WELL' WEEK —
MISS ADA REHAN,
. Under the Management of Mr. Auiruslin Daly.
A GREAT REPERTOIRE:
Matinee To-day,
"SCHOOL FOE SCANDAL."
To-night— "TWELFTH NIGHT."
Thursday Evening— Great Double Bill—
"THE HONEYMOON" and " BELLE'S
STRATAGEM"— Miss Rehan in 2 Roles.
Friday evg., Saturday matinee and Saturday evg.,
Miss Rehan's farewell— Shakespeare's
1 Merriest Comedy,
"TAMING OF THE SHREW."
NEXT WEEK, MONDAY, JUNE 8,
Appearance for a limited engagement only, of the
distinguished comedian,
IKT^T O. GOODWIW
And his company, presenting
"IN 3HZZOUR.V."
By Augustus Thomas, Esq. (Author of "Alabama.)
A Genuine Comedy-mama— Bricht, breezy,
brilliant.
Seats Ready To-Morrow (Thursday).
rniCOLAtiQLR.OOTTLOD ft o>- u»C3A.nDnArtA6tRi-"
A♦j A .
TREAT. I DELIGHT.
THE NEW, GREAT
FRAWLEY iv COMPANY
IX
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS."
j Play — Company— Performance — Perfect.
3londay Next, Brother' John.".
Another Great Comedy Success..
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
11 us. i^K.\Kh.TiN-K Krkl:.vo, Proprietor vt .\lan*£«
EVERY EVENING.
THE SUCCESS. OF -TWO CONTINENTS!
Audr.in's Favorite Opera Comique,
I OLIVETTE!
EVERY NUnBER DOUBLY ENCORED.
: —NEXT OPERA
Delllnger's Romantic Work,
"TJOH.R.AIKTE !"
First Appearances of
MissMarib Millakd and Miss Louise Royck,
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON I"
Popular Prices— and sOc. .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America. '
WAJLTKIt MOROCCO, Sola .Lessee and Manaja;
THIS EVENING M ETQHT,
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of the (Jreat Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!" ,
Reappearance, After an Absence of Six Months,
of the Popular Favorite,
lkslie Monosco:
KvKNiso Pbiihj— 2so and V)a
Family Circle and Gall err. 10c.
I7«ual Sla'cinoe* Saturday ami Suactar*
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, June Ist,
CZARS OF THE VAUDEVILLE!
3IEEKS BROS., HAVES and POST,
FAFITJTA !
New York sun says: "Papinta is La Loie Fuller
multiplied by five."'
DIXON, BOWK :s and OIXON
A nd a Strong Vaudeville Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
an ! Box seats. 50c.
Coming— Edison's Wonder, "The Vitascope."
EXCURSION
NEXT SUNDAY, June 7, to Sonoma Valley.
Leave via 7:30 a. m. Tiburon ferry. Special
train stops one hour at SONOMA, two hours at
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS and nearly four
hours at GLEN ELLEN. Go and take the fam-
ily. A GRAND BASKET LUNCH OUTING.
Tickets for round trip, only $1. Children, sto
12, only 50c. Get reserved seats without extra
charge daily from 1 to 9 P. M. at 333 O'Farrell
street. Unreserved seat tickets for sale at
ferry. J. E. LOCKE, Excursion Manager.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Inglegide Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Pacinc trains at Third and Town-
Bend streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric Una dlreot
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKEIA W. & LEAKS,
President. ■ Secretary-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
sim CRUZ Jioimii.
Personally conducted by \VM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Passenger Agent 3. P. Co.
THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
round trip gty^ £"3* c=3j
TICKETS, mt3 JL ■ «S=£a «_J>
From San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda. For
1 full information see poster advertisements or ap-
ply at Grand Hotel Ticket Office,
613 Market street, S. F.
, FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
Sunset Park,. Santa Cruz Mountains,
SATURDAY, JUNE 6.
Round-Trip Tickets, $1; Children, 5 to
12, 50 Cents.
DANCING, RACES AND GAMES.
• Music by the Fifth Regiment Band.-
Trains leave foot of Market street, San Francisco,
8:45 a.m. ''.-■,
I Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oakland, at
8:45 a. m. :.
Par street, Alameda, 9:15 a.' m.
Returning, leave the park at 6 p. m. __ IB
78
PUBLIC SCHOOL
HEALTH GUARDS,
Recent Measures Taken for
the Prevention of
Disease.
LETTER TO PRINCIPALS.
The Sanitary State of School
houses "— Contagious
Disorders.
SOME REMEDIES SUGGESTED.
Reasons for Condemning Schools — The
Superintendent and the
Health Officer.
The cood health of the thousand
teachers and the forty thousand pupils of
tae public schools of San Francisco is a
matter of vital importance to this com
munity.
Some six months &go the sanitary or
rather the unsanitary condition, of many of
the primary grammar schools caused a
lively little tiff between the Board of Edu
cation and the Board ot Health. Dr. A.
y. Lovelace, the Health Officer, personally
inspected the numerous schoolhouscs of
the department and under his advice sev
eral of them were condemned and tempor
arily closed. The only excuse urged by
the educators for the notoriously bad
sewerage, etc., existing in many of the
school buildings was that they lacked
money suihdent to make needed repairs.
Tl:e Board of Health, however, was not
entirely satisfied with this plea. In con
sequence the Richmond Primary was con
demned as a nuisance to the public health
and temporarily closed until the vaults
had been repaired as recommended b.y the
Health Officer. In the Longfellow Pri
mary there was found to be an epidemic
of scarlet fever raging among the pupils,
and it was also closed for a week or two
until it was put into a good sanitary con
dition. Since tnen the epidemic has
abated and all trouble between the Board
of Health and Board of Education has
seemingly ceased.
The sanitary condition of the school
buildings, though, is far from satisfactory,
and every possible effort is now being
made for their improvement. Super
intendent Babcock has just issued a circu- !
lar letter to school principals for the pur- j
pose of getting all information, which ;
may be useful to the authorities in taking j
precautionary measures for the protection j
of the health of the pupils and teachers. !
Among the many questions contained in
the letter are the following:
Is the Echoolhouse built on land which Is
high or low in comparison with, the adjoining ]
land?
Is it away from marshes and stagnant pools
and from noisy or objectionable industries,
etables and railroads ?
Is it near the center ot the district and ac-
Le from the streetcars?
lloiv many cesspools are there In the yard?
Iluiv many pupils was the building designed
to accommodate?
How many now occupy It?
How old is the buildine ?
What is the material of which it is built?
What provisions are made for fire-escapes?
Is there any tire drill?
How often is it practiced?
What is the method of producing ventilation?
What is the system of heating?
What are the duties of the janitor, relative
to cleaning?
What contagious diseases have prevailed
among the pupils during the past year?
Was the illuess probably caused by condi
tions at home or by conditions at school?
Hoy many deaths of registered puDilß have
occurred during the years 1894- 95?
These questions are full of suggestions,
and need no explanation.
Following are the two rules of the de
partment concerning contagious diseases:
Section 103. Any teacher in whose residence
there Is a contagious disease shall remain away
from school, and shall immediately report the
facts to the committee on rules, which com
mittee shall determine when the teacher may
return.
- .122. Pupils shall give dne attention to
personal neatness and cleanliness, and any
who fail in this respect must be sent home to
be properly prepared for school. Those who
are affected with or in whose families there may
be any contapious disease, all shnot be allowed !
to remain in or to return to school; except I
that the certificate of the physician that there
is no danger of contagion, or that the danger
Jias past, may authorize the principals of j
nhools to receive such pupils.
Unluckily, i hough, teachers are not phy- j
Eicians and diseases often creep into the !
schools despite all precautions to the con- \
trary. ■
"It is a mistake," said Dr. Lovelace, "to
suppose that the Board of Health bpars
any hostility to the public schools, for it
is quite the contrary. We are at all times
willinc and anxious to co-operate with the
Board of Education or any other depart
ment of tho City government, but. of
course, the public health is paramount to
all other considerations and must, at any
cost, be protected."
TROUBLE IN THE TEMPLE
The Labor Bureau Association Lock
Horns With the Socialists
Over a Lease.
There is an interesting conflict in prog
ress between the Labor Bureau Associa
tion, at 115 Turk street, and the other les
lees of the building. About two years ago
the association leased t!ie lower partof the
Turk-street temple from H. Warnicke,
representing the German socialists, and
since then the place has been the head
quarters of nearly all members of the
building trades and other organizations.
A short time ago the socialists gave the
directors of the association notice to va
cate the premises on June 1, but the latter
failed to do so for several reasons. To be
gin with, the place suited them, and again,
their lease was taken upon the under
standing that it could be renewed so long
as the association paid 35-100 of the
airount of the rent of the entire building.
When Warnicke found that the associa
tion would not moye he went to the man
ager of the Fair estate, of which the Tem
ple is a part, and gave up the lease or what
was equivalent, and had it transferred to
J. Bromistch Jr., a saloon-keeper.
The latter lost no time in ordering the
association to leave at once, and to em
phasize bis demand he sent a big load of
lumber to the temple yesterday morning,
which was dumped into the main en
trance to the reading-room. It was said
that he was going to convert the place into
a cheap lodgins-house. However, lie ex
pects the association to vacate the prem
ises to-day, and that body does not pro
pose to (Xo so.
The directors have reasons to believe
that the new lessee is simply another rep
resentative of the German socialists, and
that the transfer of the lease was simply a
trick to oust them from their headquar
ters. They do not propose to submit
tamely to this treatment, and will no
doubt co to law to maintain what they be
lieve to be their rights under the terms of
the lease.
SOME WANT JACOBS.
A New Candidate for the Vacant School
Director's Seat Has Put in an
Appearance.
The complexion of the battle that is
being quietiy waged in the Board of Edu
cation over the appointment of a new
director to take the place made vacant by
the resignation of Henry L. Dodge has
taken a new turn, and the programme
that was previously mapped out bids fair
to be materially changed.
The position was originally offered to
Samuel M. Shortridge, who declined be
cause the duties of his profession would
prevent him from devoting the necessary
time to the office. Then the name of Dr.
Joseph H. Soper was put forward as an
available candidate. He was apparently
acceptable to the superintendent and most
of the members of the board, but a few
were opposed to him, and they propose to
have a say in the matter. Meyer Jacobs,
who was Assistant City and County At
torney under John U. Durst, has been
mentioned as a candidate, and it is ex
pected that he may be pushed forward
with sufficient influence to gain him the
nomination.
PRINCESS OF THE MOON,
A San Francisco Girl to Appear
in That Role at the
Tivoli.
Miss Helen Smith Prefers to Make
Her Debut in Her Native.
Golden State.
The numerous friends and acquaint
ances of Miss Helen Smith will be pleased
to learn that she is soon to appear at the
Tivoli in a "Trip to the Moon."
This will be the young lady's profes
sional debut. She has long, however, been
favorably known in local dramatic circlse
as a performer of unusual merit. About a
year apo she appeared as Lady Clara St.
j John in "A Fair Encounter," given by the
I Columbia Amateur School of Acting. She
! has, also, several times sang to large gath
! erings.
In person the young lady is very pleas
: ihg, a handsome demi-blonde, and is said
to be fired with ambition for histrionic
, attainments.
Miss Smith is a gradnate of the Girls'
High School and the City Normal School,
i and since graduating has pursued her
■ studies in music and vocal training under
: Professor Kelleher. Her piano instruc
tion has been imparted by Arrillaga.
While studying for the stage the young
MISS HELEN SMITH.
! lady has put in : her spare time teaching
j music- • ':. . .; .
I It is stated that Miss Smith has already
received several fairly good offers from
Eastern companies, but prefers making
her debut in the land of which she is a
native daughter. Her stage name will be
Helen Merrill.
m + +
i Between 1782 and 1815 Napoleon lost
2,250,000 French soldiers in his attempts to
conquer Europe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
FLED FROM JAIL
OR HID WITH
Convict Frank Wheeler Is
Wanted at San
Quentin.
RIGID SEARCH FOR HIM
Several Squads Are Endeavoring
to Locate the Missing
Man.
HE HAS ESCAPED BEFORE.
Some of the Prison Officials Imagine
He Is Concealed in the Jute
Mill.
Within the grim precincts of the State
prison at San Quentin, and beyond its
limits for a radius of fifteen or twenty
miles, squads of searchers are busily at
FRANK AVHF.ILER, ALIAS "OHIO FATTY."
work hunting for Henry Wheeler, a con
', vict, who disappeared about i o'clock Mon
i day evening.
Among the prison officials the prevailing
i opinion seems to be that Wheeler is con
cealed within the inclosure, and with this
view in mind a thorough search of every
nook and cranny in each of the buildings
! is being made.
: Wheeler was employed in the jute mill,
| where he bad passed about a year and a
half hemming ba^s. His behavior is said
to have been exemplary; but while his
hands were busy with the needle his
thoughts were evidently bent on the re
i gaining of his libeity.
During Sunday and Monday he seemed
I somewhat more reticent than usual,
though he had never been very communi
! cative, and on Monday wtiile busy at his
! appointed tasK seemed to be nervous and
! restless. His work, however, was well !
done, and as be made no complaint little
notice was given to the slight alteration in
his manner.
At 4 o'clock Wheeler ceased to be visible, i
As though the earth bad opened and
swallowed him, he left no trace of bi3 ,
having been in his accustomed place an
instant before.
Immediately the juto mill was in an I
i uproar. By means of communication best '
: known to themselves, the news of an dis
appearance spread among the convicts, :
; and eyes which bad boea dull and hope- j
' less gleamed with mingled envy and satis- J
faction.
"Wneeler's gone!" the intelligence trav
eled rapidly from man to man, and the
restlessness, usual when news of the es
cape gets abroad among the convict?, was
becoming plainly evident to the practiced
gaze of the «uard3 and warders.
The jute mill was cleared fortiiwith, and j
the convicts there employed were placed ;
in their cells, in order to prevent them j
from spreading the news of the supposed
escape.
Then a most minute and careful search '
of the mill buildings was instituted. The i
walls were tapped with hammers, the !
floors sounded, and wherever a loose j
plank was noticed it was straightway torn ]
up, in the expectation that perhaps the I
fugitive might be found hiding in some j
burrow or crevice. Upstairs and down ihe j
bands of searchers labored, but without |
success.
Darkness at length came on and all the
lights in the mill were ordered turned on
in their full strength. Each searcher was
provided with .a lantern and the jute mill j
was soon ablaze with light. The search
went on during the entire night, the man
hunters working b3 r turns.
The lights paled in lha radiance of the j
rising sun, dnd yet no Wheeler came to I
view. But the search was not given over, j
The mill was strongly guarded within and :
without, and then the outer premises, par- j
celed out into districts, were gone over i
literally inch t>y inch. Bit by bit the '
radius of exploration was widened, until
the outer limits of the prison domain were
reached, when the entire ground wad cov
ered over again, the second search within
the iute mill being almost finical in its
minuteness.
Meanwhile telegrams had been sent in
every direction ami several squads of
guards were scouring the country back of
the prison. While most of the officers be
lieved the missing man to be in ( biding, |
there were others who thought it possible
that he nad in some manner evaded the
vigilance of the wardens and escaped
iroro the prison precincts. All day yes
terday the search went on, but the one
bunted fugitive who had stirred up all the
ado declined to answer to bis name.
"Vt'heeler is a professional escaper," re
marked Ca;tain Birlen yesterday. The
captain Beams sorely perplexed at the con
vict's Qi^jppearancß and has shown much !
Interest in the search now under way.
"Yen," he resumed, "what this man
Wheeler doesn't know about escaping
isn't worth knowing. He. is a thorough
! goins criminal and has a record as a bur
: trlar which many a more pretentious crook
1 might envy. And yet he is young, i
don't believe he is over 35 years of age. .
"He first escaped from this prison in
1888. He was serving his time for a bur
glary committed, 1 don't know where, and J
I one tine day he vanished like a spirit. A
I great search was immediately instituted,
; but while the searchers were still at work
Wheeler was flying eastward over the
j rails.
"He fetched up in Chicago, where he re
j mained some time in hiding. Then he
recommenced his interrupted career of
crookedness, and wound up in the peni-
I tedtiary at Joliet. He remained there
! ?nly a short time, disappearing from the
; institution one dark night. All efforts to
| trace him proved vain, and for some time
I his movements were unknown to the ofli
i cers of the law.
"A little over a year ago he was seen
and recognized iri Los Angeles by a man
| who had known him here in £an Quentin.
, He was straightway brought hither, and
i when he escaped had still about four years
jto serve. His sentencejwas for five years,
the crime of which he was convicted being
a burglary in the San Joaquin Valley,
j which attracted considerable attention at
the time.
"Wheeler's behavior in pirson bas al
i ways been exemplary. In fact, his only
j infraction of prison rules has been in the
| way of escapes. Every effort is being put
forth for his discovery and recapture. It
is too early at present to compare the
probabilities for and against his recovery ;
but if ever a man knew how to escape in
I style, Wheeler is that man."
Sergeant Mahoney of the Harbor Police
was ordered to have the City water front
carefully watched. Accordingly, officers
were detailed to keep a sharp lookout for
Wheeler, whose photograph was sent to
the sergeant to facilitate the man's identi
fication.
Wheeler is known in criminal circles as
"Chicago Fatty," and escaped from Sing
Sing before his Joliet experience. His
last committal to S;m Quentin was due to
his own act in acknowledging his former
escape from that place in order to keep
j out of the hands of the Sing Sing authori
ties, who, learning of his presence in Los
Angeles, had issued a requisition for bim.
Meanwhile Wheeler keeps his where
abouts strictly to himself and, needless to j
' say, declines to be interviewed.
A CARNIVAL OF QUEENS.
Fair Daughters of the State
Will Reign at the Local
Fiesta.
"California" and "San Francisco"
Days Have Been Programmed.
Children to Be Enlisted.
Considerable interest is being manifested
in the selection of queens for the carnival
of the Golden Gate. While it has not yet
been definitely settled what the proposed
' week of festivities will comprise, two events
have been tacitly agreed upon. One is
California day, which the projectors in
tend to make an exposition of California
] resources, in which they invite the entire
j State to participate. San Francisco day
will be another feature of no mean im
i portaoce. This will, as at present under
! .stood, be divided into two parts. The
first will comprise a historical pageant,
illustrative of the growth of the City from
; the time Sir Francis Drake landed upon
I the Marin County shore until October,
189G, when Queen Francesca enters and
rules its people with a wand of pleasure.
For one feature of the day it is decided
; to utilize the school children, provided the
\ possible wealth of attractions for the pa
i geant does not iiil in all the time. If,
when the details are arranged, it is found
impracticable to hold the two events in
; one day, the school children will bo given
j a day "entirely to themselves. With- the
I public and private schools each furnishing
I a quota, it is expected that at least 50,000
j children will participate.
For each of these events s queen, god
| dess or some other feminine dignitary will
I be selected. An Empress of California
: has been sutr^ested, to be selected from
j among the many young ladies who have
j officiated as queens in the interior.
Tno announcement of an athletic day
j has call- d forth many inquiries regarding
its scope. No definite plan has been agreed
upon, the matter having been under con
sideration only since lftst Monday. Gen
| eral Warlield is selecting a committee to
i arrange the affair and will announce it
before the end of the week in order that a J
report may be ready for the meeting of
| the executive committee on Monday.
Chief Consul Kerrigan of the League bf
American AVneelmen reports much en
j tbiiEiasm among the bicycle clubs over the
I proposition to illuminate Golden Gate
I Park. For years they and the residents of
| the Panhandle and owners of tine horses
have been hoping for this, and they look
forward to the installation of a system of
electric lighting as the prelude to a per
manent night illumination of the drives.
It. has been considered possible to utilize
the waterfall on Strawberry Hill for the
generation of power to run the dynamos.
The electrical experts in the committee,
under the direction of W. 11. Mills, the
chairman, will make a report in a few days
on the feasibility of the plan.
General Wartield yesterday appointed
the following committee to prepare the
programme for the carnival week in Octo
ber: R. P. Doolan. M. H. de Young, Wil
liam 11. Mills, William Greer Harrison,
Tnomas A. Bannerman, Alfred Bouvier
and F. A. Haber.
Ti'.iiluinnn in litick.
George Hclmore, the new editor of the
Tuolumne Independent, is in town on a brief
visit. Under Mr. Helmore's direction the al
ready popular organ of Tuolnmne County
residents has received an Impetus of new life
and is daily gaining new friends. In an
editorial the editor speaks a vigorous word for
progress and modern methods. "
Date Set for the Utah Kates.
It was announced yesterday by the Southern
Pacific Company that both the new class and
commodity rates to Utah recently agreed upon
would be put iv ou the 20th inst.
PUGILIST DAVIS
IN ANGRY MOOD,
Brands Williams' Tale of
Defeating Him As
a Canard.
THINKS FITZ A WONDER
Says the Only Two Defeats of
His Own Life Were in
San Francisco.
FOUGHT WOODS AND CHOYNSKI
Champion of the Northwest a Guest
of Major Fahey of the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Not long ago one of the brighter lights
in pugilism. Jack Davis, "champion of the
Northwest," folded up his tent in Colo
j rado, and, like the Arabs, silently stole
away. No one knew whither he had gone,
and lew know that he has reached the end
of his journey.
But it is even so. Jack Davis is at pres
ent in San Francisco, and a guest of
Major William Fahey at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. His purpose in coming here is for
the benefit of tiis family's health, but that
he has other objects in view will be seen
further on.
"I have fought many hard battles," said
Davis last night. "The San Francisco
sporting public knows me well, and I have
friends here. In fact, the only two fights
I ever lost in my life were lost here in San
Francisco, and the circumstances under
which they were lost do me no discredit
as regards fighting ability.
"In May, 1891, 1 met'choynski at the
Occidental Club. I was knocked to my
knees in the ninth round and the fight
was given to Joe without counting. How
ever, Joe Choynski is a good boy and a
fair tighter, and I wish to cast no reflec
tions either on him or on the Occidental
Club.
"In 1891 I fought "Denver" Woods at
the old Wigwam. Fitzsiramons was my
trainer and backer. I had Wood 3 under
my control, and would soon have had him
out, but in the thirteenth round Fitz got
into a squabble with Woods and his back
ers, jumped into the center of tlfe ring
and struck Woods. Of course, he was
awarded the contest on afoul.
"About five weeks ago I fought Woods j
six rounds for points at Cripple Creek, the !
authorities refusing to consent to a finish
contest. No referee was permitted, but I
bad the best of him all the way througn,
and got the larger portion of the purse.
"Corbett, Fitzsimmons and the cham
pionship? Weli, as to that, 1 believe they
can hold each other down pretty even. I
have never seen Corbett do anything but
spar, and gained the impression that he is
an extraordinarily clever ringsman. With
Fitz, however, it is different. For some
time he was my trainer, and I had an ex
cellent opportunity of studying nis fine
points.
"Fitz is one of the wickedest fighters
that ever stripped for a light, lie is
twenty-four carats fine in his line. The
man that bests him will know he has been
standing up before a human cyclone. For
a man of his build he is far and away the
heaviest hitter that I have ever seen in all
my experience. The only man I ever saw
that 1 believe could hit harder in his
prime than Hob is John L, Sullivan.
"Now, although I am here for my
health, I understand that Jim Williams,
who is to fight Tom Sharkey to-morrow
night, has had some articles in the papers
to the effect that he has lately defeated
me in the ring.
"I never saw this man bnt once in my
life, and that was in the streets of Salt
Lake City. What I want tosayistliis: I
am going to await the outcome of this bat
tle and as Boon as it is over I intend to
challenge the winner. It makes no differ
ence which one conquers, I am going to
have a go at him if I am given the chance.
If W lliams is victorious he shall have a
chance to crow over my defeat, but it is
unwise and strange of him to do so before
hand."
LEWIS ARRAIGNED.
His Preliminary TJxaiiiiuatlon Continued
for a Woek.
Wesley T. Lewis, charged with assault
ing Florence Keady, appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning for ar
raignment. After the complaint had been
read to the defendant be pleaded not
guilty, and his attorney, J. N. E. Wilson,
asked for a continuance for a week. Prose
cuting Attorney Mogan said he was ready
to proceed, but the Judge granted the con
tinuance.
The young girl was in court accom
panied by her mother and brother. She
seemed to feel keenly the position she had
been placed in, and modestly held down
her head during the brief time she was in
court.
C. B. Perkins, superintendent of the
Sunday-school of the Simpson Memorial
Church, told the eirl'a brother yesterday
NEW TO-PAT.
| |
. J^T-4T-»T»-jr-4i- i; . ■ ! j
The Adams & "Westlako
enamel bed we sell for $15
is as good as the $30 one
— not so pretty.
California Furniture Company
! (N. P. cole A Co.)
li 7 Geary Street.
COSMOFOXjITAN,
Opposite U. a Mine, 100 and 102 Fifth st., S»a
i ranclsco, Cat The most select family hotel in
the city. Board ana room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pee
day, according to room. MeaU 25c. Hconn, 50]
and 7 60 a day. .Free coach to and from the not.au
look for the coach bcari rig the name of the Cot*
mopollun Hotel. . WM. FA UK V. Proprietor
Wnen ordering plea 4« uu-ui iou Call
that the church would assist in engaging
special counsel to assist in prosecuting
Lewis.
The police have discovered an Italian
vegetable eardener with whom Lewis rode
into the City from near the Ingleside
shortly after the assault was committed.
NEVADA BANK FORGERS.
Becker and Cregan Decline to Make Any
Statement at Present.
Charles Becker, the prince of forgers,
and James Cregan, the "middleman," who
were brought back from New Jersey Sun
day night by Detectives Seymour a*nd
Whittaker, occupy different cells in the
City Prison.
Crecan occupies the cell opposite Cap
tain Robinson's quarters in which Durrant
received so many visitors, and he has the
benefit of seeing all who enter and leave
the prison, which will keep him from
growing weary. Becker is at the extreme
end of the prison in a cell by himself,
where he can be seen by no one, as it is off
the main corridor.
Yesterday morning they engaged Attor
neys Dunne & McPike to defend them.
They had a brief c >nsultation with their
attorneys, who advised them to say noth
ing for publication, and they stick well to
the advice.
FOUR GOOD BOXING BOUTS
Pugilists Who Will Don the
Mittens This Even
ing.
Sharkey and Needham Are Selling
Favorites in the Pool
rooms.
Betting on the boxing bouts which will
take place this evening at the Mechanics'
Pavilion is very lively. Sharkey is selling
a 6trong favorite over Jim W r illiams, the
champion heavy-weight of Sail Lake. The
pugilists are in first-class condition and if
Jim Williams is as game as his friends
contend he should certainly give Sharkey
a good run for the long end of the purse.
The result will depend altogether on Wil
liams' courage and ability to stand pun
ishment.
If Williams can use bis left fist to good
advantage and aend it home good and
hard when Sharkey rushes him he will
puzzle the sailor, as the latter does not
relish too many nose-stoppers. The bet
ting last evening was 10 to 7 with Sharkey
on the long end.
The bout between Needham and Galla
gher should prove the most interesting
feature of t.'ie fistic programme. Need
ham is a slight favorite, but Gallagher's
friends state that even money will be
wagered on tnis contest this evening,
when the Oakland sports will open their
purse-strings.
Walker and Allen will be the first brace
to appear before tho spectators. There is
but little betting on the result of this mill,
as the pugilists are not very well known
to the betting fraternity. Allen stands a
good chance of winning.
Billy Sniitu should certainly best Patsy
Oorrigan ; but as Smith has been on the
retrograde for some years, Corrigan, who
has the advantage ot youth and avoirdu
pois, may give theonce hard-hitting Smith
a surprise. It should be a good bout for
four rounds.
Betting men must not forget that the
poolsellers have the best of the game when
contests end in a draw. The bettor must
pay a percentage to the poolseller whether
the contest ends in a draw or a victory.
As there have been so many draws of late
gamblers are growing tired of betting on
boxing bouts.
A referee who will decide the bouts this
evening will be selected at the ringside.
Billy Jordan will, as usual, act as master
of ceremonies.
NEW TO-DAY.
ifiTii
HOUSEKEEPING
GOODS.
20x42 BLEACHED LINEN HUCK
FRINGED TOWELS, regular price
25c,
tyour 20c each.
22x42 BLEACHED HUCK
TOWELS, hemmed, regular price
30c,
7/oiv 25c each,
72-inch HEAVY BLEACHED GER-
MAN DAMASK, formerly 90c,
9/ow 75c per yard,
60-inch BLEACHED IRISH DAM-
ASK, formerly 65c,
Tfow 50c per yard.
72-incb. HEAVY HALF-BLEACHED
DAMASK, formerly 75 C ,
9/ow 60c per yard.
54-inch HALF -BLEACHED DAM-
ASK, formerly 50c,
9/ow 4Oc per yard.
24-inch BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, formeily $3.00,
9/ow $2. 25 per dozen.
22-inoh BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, formerly 52.00,
9/ow SI. 50 per dozen.
BJE HA HI. A ESPANOO.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary an J Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.'
■* ' -V"- NEW TO-PAT.
Vrno-KolafraT
Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
i Builds up Invalids
The strengthening- and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by-
such tests .as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
of the New York Postoffice, ;
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and !
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
92 William St, New York. !
"BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STH3PH-.135T0
BIOYOIjES.
■nrHEELS AND PALMEH tires GUARAN-
TY teed for one year. Price $100. If you want
to know more about The Sterling send for our 'Arc
Catalogue. Mailed free. •
STERLINQ CYCLE WORKS,
314 POST STREET. San >'ranctBco.
nil re itching piles
r SLtL^SWAYNE'S
■ ■■■I™^^ niNTMETNT
ABSOLUTBLT OURE& *"" ■I™ til I
SYMPTOMS— HoUtnre; In feme itching and
Hinging: moat at night; wont by nf-atehTng. If
allowed to continue tumor* form and protrude,
which often hired and ulcerate, beeonlnff very
•ore. rUVAY.NK'S OINTMENT »top« the itching
end bleeding, heals alceratton, and in mmtlutl
ffi»«i c« the toman- *** jour Druggiit tor it.
A marvelous line of
Shoulder Watches!
Exquisite dainty enameled designs, match
Jig any gowns. Nothing so attractive in
watches ever made before. Richer and
brighter than foreign work selling at ten
times the price.
Great Sale all this week !
The Waterbury Watch Co
New Office in th« mils Building,
San Francisco.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:- "Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
PIiCBDix "Stands the Racket"
% $100.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1610 Market St., San Francisco. Cal. ■
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
TUESUCCESS OF TDE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE :
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UMII. MIDNIGHT.THE ROAD IS WORTH TWELVE MILLIONS,
So Swore Banker Thomas
Brown in the Siebe
Case.
WOULD PAY THAT SUM
W. J. Adams Fixed the Value of
the Road at Eleven
Millions.
FREIDENRICH'S CLUB GONE.
Yesterday's Testimony Did Not Help
the Case of the Railroad,
but Hurt It.
The Market-street Railway Company's
stock bears received a setback in Judge
Wallace's court yesterday, when Banker
Brown, one of the highest authorities in
the State on tfce values of securities, testi- I
f.ed that if he had tbe money he would
then and there pay $12,000,000 cash for the |
Market-street Railway •■ystem. ,
This was supplemented by tne ntate
ment of W. J. Adams, a director of the j
road, who swore that its value was from
$10,080,060 to $11,000,000.
Daniel Meyer, the first witness, said that ;
in determining the value of the bonds he]
did not look as far ahtad as 1918 or inves- \
tigate sinkinc funds. He looked into the |
business of the road, and so loug as the
number of passengers did not decrease,
and so long as there was no competing
road, the bonds would be good. But tbe J
reverse of these things would render the |
bonds valueless.
•In fact," added Mr. Meyer, "there is no
intrinsic value in anything."
Then Mr. Freidenrich asked what would
Mr. Meyer give for the bonds or what j
would they be worth if they should be j
tnrown upon tho market all at once, and j
Mr. Meyer gave it as his opinion that they j
would not sell for five dollars a share if ;
half of the bonds were thrown upon the
market. If the whole of the bonds were
offered for sale at once there would be a
panic, and none could be sold. He took i
into consideration also the f,act that the j
management was able, and had the conii
dencs of business men.
In reply to Mr. Clunie as to what he
would think of tbe value of the bonds in
case a new management should take con
trol which would be more obliging and
accommodating to the public and which
would be more popular, the witness said |
that he never knew the management of a j
strong corporation to be popular. It was
not in human nature.
Mr. Vining may have driven a good |
many people away from the road, but, on j
the other hand, Mr. Meyer did not think
that Vining had been treated fairly.
People would not walk two blocks out of
their way to spite some officials. They
ride in the cars simply because the cars
are a convenience to them.
If the road should pass out of the hands |
of the present management and into tht
hands of entirely new people he would sell
out as fast as he could, because the new
managers might not be able to make so
much money out of the road as the old
management did. He never looked so far
ahead, but took present values and pres
ent conditions into consideration. The
fact that the road was making money was
the chief consideration.
A. liorel, banker, told howa syndicateof
which he and Mr. Hellman were members
had bought about $3,500,000 of Market
street Railway bonds. He had not ex
—nined into the value of. he property
I Mr. Hellman had made the investigations j
j on behalf of the syndicate, and his word
j was taken as to the value of the bonds.
Mr. Freidenrich asked if the net earn
ings of the company were $1,000,000 per !
annum, the interest account $615,000 and j
the sinking fund $300,000 would the net |
earnings of $1,000,000 be sufficL>nt to j
j operate the road. The witness replied \
that it would.
"But," asked Mr. Freidenrich with a j
triumphant leer at Mr. Clunie, "if, in ad- I
dition, the road was obliged to pay
j $240,000 taxes, then there would be a defi
i ciency, wouldn't there?"
"Not at all," replied the witness. "You j
have $1,000,000 net earnings, and that is !
the excess overtaxes and other expenses."
Mr. Freidenrich was equal to the occa
; sion and asked what would be the case if i
the taxes were added to the interest and |
sinking fund account and taken out of the j
j $1,000,000, and the witness replied that of j
\ course the sum would be $240,000 less, j
This mathematical revelation greatly
instructed the audience.
Thomas Brown of the Bank of California
! said that the Market-street Railway Com- !
i pany was paying its stockholders a divi- j
I dend of 2% per cent, with the stock sell- j
I ing at present at from $44 to $45 per share.
j Assuming that the property were assessed
j at $12,000,000 this rate of dividends would
SCENES IN JUDGE WALLACE'S COURT.
I be so much reduced that the stock would
cea.-e to be of any value to the holder.
'The proneriy, in my judgment, is
! worth from 112,500,000 to $15,000,000. If I
i had $12,000,000 and the property was
I offered to me free of debt I should take it
'at that price," replied Mr. Brown in
; answer to a question by Mr. Clunie. "I
J could duplicate it for $12,000,000."
He added that the franchise of the road
j was very valuable, but he could not ex-
I press it in figures.
Mr. Freidenrich made a desperate effort
to break down the force of Mr. Brown's
testimony by asking whetier Mr. Brown
I would hold the same valuation at the end
; of the thirty-five years, which is the re
maining life of tne franchise. The wit
ness replied that by the end of that time
the City would have largely increased in
population and property values would be
augmented accordingly. But he did not
j look thirty-five years ahead. He took the
| present value under the present condi
i tions. The management was able, and
I that was one of the favorable conditions.
But the ■details of the management were
left to the manager of the road. It is a
high ordsr of business talent. Chauncey
| Depew received a salary of $50,000 because
| his services were of that much value to the
road. C. F. Crocker was a very clever
gentleman in the opinion of the witness,
but be did not think that Mr. Crocker took
much interest in the general manage
ment.
Then Mr. Freidenrich drew forth his
patent warclub.
"Suppose," he asked, "that all the stock
j of the company were thrown on the mar
ket at the enme time; would not its value
be de— "
"Excuse me," interrupted Judge Wal
j lace with outstretched hand, as if warding
off a blow, "that is Kimply a matter of
common-sense. We know that if all the
real estate in the City were offered for
sale at the same time the value would de
i crease materially. The same would be
true of every other kind of property. It is
not a question for an expert; it is simply
a question of common-sense, and there is
I no use in asking the witness that ques
;on "
A glad smile ran around the courtroom
and Mr. Freidenrich dropped his warclub
into the waste-basket.
Georse D. Willcutt, a son of Secretary J.
L. Willcutt, was asked as to his knowl
edge of the property of the company as
shown on the books of the company. He
displayed tne same railroad diplomacy as
did his father. He knew nothing as to
any Btockbook, and as to the vital issue
before the court— the extent and value of
the property— he was as ignorant as Ac
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
countant Folsoni and Secretary Willcutt
ever could have been In their most diplo
matic moods.
After the noon recess Matbias Meyer
of the Stock and Bond Exchange de
scribed how a committee of three had
been appointed to examine into the ap
plication of the Market-street Kailway
Company to list its bonds. All that was
required in order that the bonds of any
corporation might be listed on the ex
change was that the management should
be honest and capable, and that the road
should have sufficient earning capacity to
pay the interest on the bonds.
"Then," asked Mr. Clunie, "if seven or
eight honest and capable men should
organize a corporation and should issue
$17,500,000 of bonds, you would list the
bonds, whether there was any property
behind them or not?"
"Yes," replied Mr. Meyer.
"That's the way you do business on the
exchange?"
"Yes."
"You didn't inquire into the value of
the property of the company?"
"No, sir; I did not. It cut no figure at
all in the matter."
W. J. Adams, one of the directors of
the Market-street road, explained that he
voted for the $17,500,000 issue of bonds
with the understanding that all over
$9,000,000 should be issued only for value
received — in other words, for the con
struction of new roads and improve
ments. At. that time the road was worth
$3,000,000 or $4,000,000 after deducting the
bonded indebtedness of $7,500,000. That
would leave the value of the property, iv-
cludincr the bonded indebtedness, at
about $10,000,000 or $11,000,000.
The witness was presidont of the Fer
ries and Cliff House road before the con
solidation. At that time the road was
running behind about $2000 per month.
It never paid a dividend to its stock
holders, and its entire bonded indebted
ness was $1,700,000. The cost to build the
road ten years ago was $1,900,000.
Mr. Adams' stock of knowledge as to
railroad matters was very limited. For
instance, tie was not aware that such a
road as the Ocean Beach road existed.
Most of the roads that he knew were in a
dilapidated condition. The witness did
not think he had figured on the franchise
as a part of the value.
Mr. Freidenrich tried to break down the
evidence of the witness by asking him to
give in detail his estimate of the value of
the particular roads which were taken
into the combine. The witness could not
do this, but he was positive that the
Market-street system at the time of the
consolidation was worth $10,000,000 or
$11,000,000.
The witness thought that the entire
Market-street system could be duplicated
for less than $7,000,000, but he was not a
railroad builder and not an expert.
In reply to Mr. Freidenrich as to why he
had placed the value at $10,000,000 or $11,
-000,000 when it could be duplicated for
$7,000,000, Mr. Adams replied that he must
have made a miscalculation.
When the witness was turned over to
Mr. Clunie be admitted that ha was not
sure whether it would cost $7,000,000 or
$10,000,000 to reconstruct the road.
In the next breath the witness said that
he thought the road could be replaced for
less than $7,000,000.
•'How much less?" was asked.
"I don't know."
Mr. Adams yielded to the corkscrew
again and said that $3,500,000 of the bonda
had been expended on the system since
the Ist of March, 1895, and that the road
was that much more valuable.
Richard O'Brien, clerk in the Tax Col
lector's office, read a list of the personal
property assessment of tbe Market-street
Cable Railway Company. The total was
$1,027,572 and for the franchise $1,054,250.
Tne case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
this morning.
MONEY NOT ASSESSED.
Judare Wallace's Agrent Omitted It
From the List for the Past
Five Years.
The preliminary examination of As
sessor giebe on the charge of perjury was
resumed in Judge Campbell's court yester
day afternoon for a few minutes.
William Geiselman, Judge Wallace's
agent, again took the stand. He produced
policies of insurance on Judge Wallace's
personal property aggregating in amount
$8999, although it was assessed at $1500.
Hugo Herzer, chief deputy in the As
sessor's office, produced tbe assessment
books showing the amounts for which the
Judge's real and personal property was as
sessed during tbe years 1891 to 1895.
Attorney Baggett put in evidence the
assessment lists of the Judge's personality
prepared by Geiselman and sworn and sub
scribed to by Judge Wallace before Judge
Troutt for the years 1891 to 1894. He
pointed out that nothing was said in the
lists as to the cash in bank or on hand,
although Geiselmau's books showed dif
ferent amounts each year, one year's en
tries being over $3000.
By consent a continuance was granted
till this afternoon, when Attorney Bag
gett will produce other evidence, and prob
ably close his case.
CRUEL DESERTION.
Mrg. Duncan Campbell and Her Three
Little Children Left Des
titute.
Mrs. Duncan Campbell, 40 Minna street,
told a pitiful tale of desertion and want
at the Central police station yesterday.
She had three children with her, the old
est four years of age.
She said her husband, who worked on
the water front, deserted her three months
ago. Since then she had been doing ncr
best to support herself and children, but
it was an uphill struggle and they were
famished.
"He treated me am! our children shame
fully," she said. "Every cent he made
went for liquor and for many days we had
scarcely anything to eat. lie would often
come home nigtits and want a lunch be
fore going to bed and because I had noth
ing for him he would beat me. Since he
left me I have cone among the German so
cieties, but they refused me aid. My
father and mother live on William street.
His name is Antone Kiein, but he is poor
and an invalid and my mother is sick in
bed."
The children were turned over to Officer
Holbrook of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, who wili also look
into the condition of Mrs. Campbell's aged
parents. She will be cared for by one of
the charity institutions and the police will
look up Campbell and arrest him for fail
ure to provide.
SIX ON THE FIRST DAY.
Many Decisions Handed Down
by the United States Court
of Appeals.
Liability of National Bank Stock
holders Fully Definei!—Hunting
ton Wants More Land.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peal.'?, with Judges McKenna, Ross and
Gilbert presiding, was in session Mon
day. No less than six opinions were ren
dered, principally by Judge Ross, the full
bench, however, concurring.
The most important case considered was
that of Robert Wingate, receiver ot tbe
Bank of Commerce of Tacoma, vb. George
F. Orchard, a stockholder in the defunct
institution.
The point involved was the right of a
etocKholder of an insolvent National bank
to offset an assessment by tbe Comptrol
ler of the Currency with the amount of
his deposit in the ban* at the time it be
came insolvent. The District Court of
Washington held that such a course was
eminently proper, but the Court of Ap
peals, through Judge Ross, reversed the
decision.
After reviewing the National banking
laws, the Appellute Court held that to ai
low an assessment against a stockholder
to be offset by the amount of such stock
holder's deposit in bank, would be to make
him a preferred creditor.
The court further hold thnt "if the
amount of his deposits should equal the
par value of his stock, the allowance of
such an offset would be, in effect, to pay
him in full the amount of his deposits;
and if his iteposits are less than the par
value of his stock, the effect would be to
pay him in full to that extent, whereas the
other depositors would receive little or
nothing."
Three years ago the Government insti
tuted suit in the District Court of Oregon
to recover 218,000 acres of land in Mult
nomah County, Or., claimed by the Oregon
and California Railway under a land grant
issued in 1870. The case was heard before
Judge Gilbert, and a decision rendered in
favor of tne Federal authorities.
Mr. Huntington it seems .was not satis
fied with the verdict, and now the case is
before the Court of Appeals for final de
cision. Tne suit involves an old land grant
of twenty miles on each side of tho road
on any site the company might select for
a road to Portland. Ti;e additional con
ditions, However, were never complied
with, hence the suit.
The judgment of the lower court in the
case oi Lon Engler vs. Western Union
Telegraph Company was sustained. Tne
plaintiff, it appears, was driving along
what is known as the old Grand Prize road
In Elko County, Nevada, when his horse
struck a live wire belonging to the defend
ants. As a result Engler was thrown to
the ground, sustaining a compound frac
ture of the nnkle bones of the left foot.
The testimony was to the effect that he
would be permanently lame.
The case was appealed on the ground
that the lower court was in error in in
structing the jury in the matter of the
line being out of repair. The telegraph
company also held that the amount
claimed was excessive.
The Court of Appeals, in a decision ren
dered by Ross, held that that body had no
way o! determining the extent of the in
jury further than what was found in the
evidence, and would therefore sustain the
lower court.
Three other decisions of minor impor
tance were also rendered. The Court of
Appeals will be in session tho balance of
this week and probably a portion of the
next.
AUCTION OF REALTY.
Sale of a Miscellaneous Lot of Property
by Kaaton, Eldrldge & Co.
There was a gooa attendance yesterday
at the auction sale of miscellaneous prop
erties by Easton Eld ridge & Co.
A lot 50x100 on Ellis street, next to the
LangUam Hotel, was sold for $41,000; a lot
25x91 :2 at the southeast corner of Oak and»
Lyon streets was disposed of for $8950; tbe
four French flats on Noe street, near Sev
enteenth, with lot 50x95 sold for $8900 ; a
lot 25x100 on the west line of Florida
street, 234 feet south of Twentieth,
brought $775; the residence at 2002
Golden Gate avenue, near Lyon
street, on the lot 30x100, was sold for
$4100; a lot 25x95 en the southeast line of
Folsoni street, 125 feet southwest of Ninth
street, was sold for (3325; two fiats on tne
west line of Sanchez street, 53 feet north of
Eighteenth, with lot 25x100, sold fur $,'5100;
a cottage on the west line of Sanchez
street, near Eighteenth, lot 25x100, sold
for $2000; sixteen lots on San Jose avenue,
Twenty-ninth and Tiffany streets, sold for
different prices. The corner of San Jose
avenue and Twenty-ninth street, 26:8^x
113, brought $2000; the corner of Tiffany
and Twenty-ninth streets, 38:10>^x4vS, was
sold for $21. r )0. The remaining lota sold
for from $r>oo .to $1000.
VALLEY ROAD TO
LINK TWO CITIES,
Arranging for Through
Business to San
Francisco.
BOATS FROM STOCKTON.
Fast Steamers to Handle the
Freight and Passengers
to This City.
NEARLY INTO MERCED TOWN.
Right of Way Complications Continue
to Retard the Progress of
the Road.
Negotiations are in progress between the
Valley road and the California Naviga
tion and Improvement Company with a
view toward making a tralric arrangement
wher#toy the Valley road would virtually
have a tu rough line from San Francisco to
Merced as soon as the road between Stock
ton and Merced is regularly opened for
business.
The steamship company giamed now
handles all the construction material of
the competing railroad and has a number
of boats lying idle which could be made
immediately available. There will be am
ple facilities provided, not only for all the
freight business that may be offered, but
passengers will also find sepcial induce
ments to use this route between here and
Merced and intermediate points.
It is expected that when the railroad is
completed and operated to Bakersfield ad
ditional boats will be required. These will
have to be built and they will be fa st and
commodious. Speaking of the matter re
cently a represent ative of the .steamship
company said that in the eventof his com
pany securing the Valley road's traffic it
would put on a line of exceptionally fast
boats.
While the negotiations have not yet
come to a conclusion the details have so
far been discussed as to leave no doubt
but ;he contract will ultimately be made.
It is estimated that three boats a day,
each way, will be required as soon as the
Valley nnd Corral Hollow roads are in full
operation. The latter railway has not
entered into a contract yet, and it may
conclude to handle its coal in its own
barges. But it will also bring a lot of
miscellaneous freight to Stockton, which
will seek the company offering the beat
rates and the best accommodations.
But three miles of track now remain to
be laid to bring the Valley road into the
town of Merced, and it is expected to have
this work completed to-morrow.
Progress in track-laying has been greatly
retarded of late by a lew obstructionists
who are giving the road considerable
trouble in securing right of way. All the
complications relative to this have been
-ettled into Merced, nnd tbe most impor
tant condemnation cases in Merced
County, south of the town of MerCed, will
come up for hearing on Monday »ext, and
will probably be finally disposed of. There
is also one"cas« in Madera County and
another in Fresno County which are
likely to hamper progress.
Were it not for these condemnation pro
ceedings the road would at this time have
been much nearer completion.
A flywheel in Germany is made of steel
wire. " The wheel is 2.3 feet in diameter
and 250 miles of wire were used in its con
struction.
NEW TO-DAY.
i» - - -
-
Forty
Million
Dollars
of surplus is behind
the guarantees in
the new policy of
The Equitable life
Assurance Society—
and there are a
great many
guarantees.
THE EtyTJITABLB
UFB ASSURANCE SOCIETY,
ISO Broadway,'
».T.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building. Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets.
MONARCH 1
S's HouEd CYCLE iiiDrimuis »., v
X 8 and 5 Front St., San .Francisco.- &
I (if AS. BROWN &SO.V, 807 Market, Ag"t. ! 7<
.*< C F. 1- 'M-OMONSOS & CO., Twelfth and •*<
\o]_ Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. . fell
E^xrafco :♦:• •:♦>»:♦:• t^EJ
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES. .
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
IS THE ONLY REMEDY YET Dis-
covered that purifies the blood by
killing the microbes in the ; human
body without injury to the system,
hence It cures ALL DISEASES. This
has been proven in ; the District Court
of Travis County, Texas ; ■"■ Supreme
Court of New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets. Microscopical Examina-
tions and all Information at main
office ?-';-VT '■'• : -' '
RAD.IIS MICROBE KILLER COMPANY,
1340 Market St., San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
%P IT b !*! 1 !H W isa lea Bf\
o»" OUR-
Great Sacrifice
. ' : '.
Intending buyers of Dry Goods or Cloaks will find It a DECIDEDLY
PAYING INVcS; MENT to take advantage of the PRODIGIOUS REDUC-
TION with which we inaugurate our Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale, the un-
usual earliness of which enables those who are away on their vacations
when it generally occurs to share with our regular patrons in the EXTRA-
ORDINARY AIONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY presented, and we say "Ex-
traordinary Money-saving Opportunity" advisedly, because it is noc a sale
of old, out-of-date merchandise, but is a genuine clearance of NEW AND
STYLISH GOODS OF THIS SEASON'S PRODUCTION
AT CDTS TOFOBGE THEM OUT SPEEDILY!
LADIES' CAPES!
.A-t 75 Cents.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of tan, navy and black cheviot, and Single Capes of tan,
navy and black ladies' cloth, neatly braided, no contrasting colors, worth ?2, will
bo closed out at 75c each.
jA.t d 1.45.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES of tan, black and navy ladies' cloth, neatly
braided, neck finished with ruching of ribbon and lace, worth $3 50, will be closed
out at $1 45 each.
At 61.75.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES of ladies' cloth, in shades of tan, navy and
black, neatly braided, worth $4 50, will be closed out at ?1 75 each.
j?L.t 82.95.
LADIES' FULL RIPPLE SINGLE CAPES of twilled cheviot, in black, tan and navy,
embroidered in contrasting colors, ruching of ribbon and lace, worth $5, will be
closed out at $2 95 each.
At 83. 50.
LADIES' SHORT RIPPLE CAPES of black velvet, lined with twilled silt, neatly
braided, neck finished with ruching and bow of satin ribbon, worth $6 50, will be
closed out at $3 50 each.
LADIES' JACKETS!
At 81. 00.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of plain and mixed cloaking; also small sizes in sealette;
worth $4 and $5, will be closed out at $1 each.
At &5.50.
LADIES' JACKETS of black, tan and navy broadcloth and serge cloaking, plain or
trimmed, worth $7 50 and $8 50, will be closed out at $2 50 each.
At &3.50.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of tan, brown, checked and mixed cloaking, pleated or
rippled back,, latest cut sleeves, worth $6, will be closed out at $3 50 each.
At 53. 00.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of fine cloaking, brown covert cloth, tan and gray mixed,
latest designs, worth ?7 50 and $3, will be closed out at $5 each.
LADIES' SUITS!
j£^.t ai.oo.
A great variety of ODD SUITS, including Bloomer and Outing Suits, in double-
breasted and blazer style, worth $3 and $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
jA.t $1.50.
LADIES' BLAZER SUITS of summer-weight materials, in medium and dark shades,
worth $4 and $5, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
./fc-t 52.30.
LADIES' SUITS, in blazer and Chesterfield styles, made of cheviot and mottled
materials, in dark and medium shades, worth "$5 and $6, will be closed out at $2 50
each.
LADIES' SKIRTS!
_A.t $1.50.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias vel-
veteen, worth $3, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
At 52.50.
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
velveteen, worth $1 50, will be offered at $2 50 each.
iVt d 3.95.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED WOOL SERGE SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
or velveteen, with $6, will be closed out at $3 95.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
j£&.± $1.00.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, made of blue, tan and red checked cloaking, from 4 to 12
years, worth $2 75, will be closed out at $1 each.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE!
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 58 inches wide, good grade, was 35c I 9f)p
a yard, reduced to | £UO
CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches wide, heavy solid weave, that was 10c f*ln
a yard, reduced to U4L/
% DINNER NAPKINS, 21 inches square, bleached solid Irish linen, that Q\(*
were $1 50 a dozen, reduced to tJOKj
PURE IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, extra large nnd heavy, size 21x | 1 ~ ft
44 inches, that were 2"J^c each, reduced to | xOKj
TWILLED BLEACHED HOLLERING CRASH. 18 inches wide, Irish | /»1.»
linen, well made, that was ii)z a yard, reduced to ! \}\\j
BELFAST DOUBLE WARPED BLEACHED TOWELS, large size, well I Olp
made, that were I2»^c each, reduced to | O3C
CHECKED AND PLAIN CENTER RESTAURANT FRINGED NAP- A(\ n
KINS, the large size, 16x16 inches, that were 60c a dozen, reduced t0. . . TrUlj
REAL INDIGO PRINTS, the best cloth, and all new and desirable, that; A n
were B)^c a yard, reduced to |
BEST GRADE PEBBLE DUCK TAILOR SUITING, broken cases, all de- j Q\ n
sirable, that were 15c a yard, reduced to : | 030
NOVELTY TAFFETA LISSE. in rich Dresden colorings, new nnd stylish, ] 'Tip
that was 15c a yard, reduced to | • 4\J
CRINKLED CREPON SEERSUCKERS, the real woven fabrics, full line n\
of styles, that were 12}£c a yard, reduced to *I^->
BLEACHED PILLOW CASING, 46 inches wide, that was 12>^c a yard, H\
reduced to '4^
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, nice styles, 3 yards long, fully fin- I tfr p
ished et'-^es, that were $1 a pair, reduced 16 | OOij
FINE LAMB'S WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, the good-grade family |CM QA
blankets, extra size, that were $7 a pair, reduced to j tjjVi»»7V/
NOTICE— No samples of above given. Country orddrs filled in the most satisfac-
tory manner, considering the probability of quick closing out of some lines. A second
choice in selection should be given.
LADIES SUMMJiirt WAISiS. CHASlEoTudies* Summer Waists^
comprising all the latest fashionable shapes iv SILK AND WASHABLE FABRICB,
will be closed out at about half price.
m jßfWp&G** MURPHY BUZLDIZ7GK /
(/(/IM Street «f ■«(: iw&, /
910
HENRY DRAWS A
FEW COMPARISONS.
Speaks of Romanism and
Americanism and Their
Principles.
POINTS OF DIVERGENCE
A Number of High Authorities
Quoted to Back His Con- .
tentions.
MAKES A FIERY PERORATION
Declares That the Constitution and
Canonical Law Canaot Be
Reconciled.
There was little perceptible diminution
in the audience that greeted Rev. J. Q. A.
Henry at Metropolitan Hall last night, |
despite the fact that it was his fourth |
appearance upon the rostrum within I
three days and that, he is to speak at least ,
four times more within the week.
As ne entered the hall the strains of J
"Yankee Doodle" were going up from the '
orchestra on the stage, and these were
completely drowned by the tremendous
applause that greeted the cbamnion of the
A. P. A. as he marched up the center
aisle to the stage and tuokhis seal.
He was the guest of Council No. 44,
A. P. A., which fact was indicated by the .
golden letters strung across tlie rear of the |
reading "Council No. 44 welcomes ]
J. Q. A. Henry."
Baby Mearns, a tot of about 6 years, en
;.'rt;iined the audience with the patriotic
songs that have been composed for her for
similar occasions, and then came a pleas
ant little surpri.-e, both to the speaker of
tlie evening and to the audience. The
president of the council in a few weil
cnosen words presented the Rev. Mr.
Henry with a handsome cavel and ped
e-tal, the former of California manzanita
and mahogany and the latter of laurel and
manzamta.
After returning thanks for the gift and I
the appreciation it indicated, Mr. Henry
iw-ciart-d that the work of educating the
people in true putnotism could oniy go on
under the auspices ot' tlie church, which i
h;\9 done so much already, he claimed, for
; ise. He then continued:
"I am to speak to you to-night in answer
to the question. Is there agreement or is
there antagonism between true American
ism anit Romanism? There is nothing
but the deepest antagonism between them.
'It is a misnomer to say that every n,:m
born in this country is a true American
citizen. He is not unie^s he lives true to
the principles of his ancestry and of the
t it v tion.
"Rome's antagonism to the very name
1 American' is such, and her boycotting of
everything that bears ihe title oi 'Ameri
can 1 is so thoroughly a part ot the
methods of the Catholic heirarchy that
true Americani>m can never be expected
from Romanism.
••There is no country in the world which
depends so much for its future prosperity
as does this upon the quality of its citi
"Like Sparta, we do not need a wall of
stone to perpetuate our liberties. What
we need is what Lycurgus told ttie Spar
tans Sparta required— a wall of true man
hood.
"The truest test of the real man outside
of heaven is the respect he has for the
gentler sex. Protestantism hasevershown
this respect for woman, which is more than
can be said of Romanism. While Protest
anta do not look up to the mother 3ut>e- I
rior, their homes are Jullof superior moth- ]
ers.
"True Americanism is not only inde- I
pendence, but it has reverence for Al
mighty God. The difference between Co
lumbus and the pilgrims who landed on
Plymouth Rock is that Columbus took
possession of San Salvador in the name of '
tne crucifix, while the Pilirrim Fathers '
took possession of Plymouth Rock in the
name of the Christ."
Liberty of conscience, of speech and of j
the press he declared to be one of the !
great fundamental principles of true i
Americanism. He proceeded as follows:)
"When the Romanists accuse the A. P. !
A. of making war on t::e Catholics to-day
because of their religion they lie, and
when any one else says so he lies.
"These same people that have lied in
this matter have lied in another direction.
They have said to the Jews that when we
got through with the Romanists we in- ;
tended to go for the Jews. That is simply j
a lie of the Romanists. I want to say we ;
have nothing against the Jews. They do
nut attempt to wipe out Protestantism :
they do not attempt to control our schools
or pervert our Government. I take pleas
ure in saying that the Jew makes ooe of
the best citizens that we have to-day.
"We are against Romanism, because it
is the only organization which has at
tempted to defy the law and debauch the
constitution of the land.
"We must preserve the American home
to preserve the American citizen, and
Romanism makes an assault on the pure
American home through the confessional
box.
"We are not only going to save the
home but the lfttle red school house and
the ballot-box; but we can't protect the
An Evergr » Tree on the Corner of Union» and UroJcrick S reels Which W. s
• ri>: y ;:htning Thursday Night. The Trunk Was Split Jis *-nt.re . ength
• .* the nark Peeled Off.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. I
ballot-box as long as we have the union of
State and church, and we are determined
to kick the last vestige of religion away
from the ballot-box.
rt We must also save the cities, and we
will light until the power of the boss,
Rome rule and rum rule, and every other
kind of vicious rule is completely broken.
"We propose to protect the flag— the flag
i tnat has. been so often insulted of late by
the adherents of Romanism/
He denounced Father Sherman for de
claring that every ex-priest is an anarchist
and that whoever killed an anarchist was
a public benefactor. He also quoted Father
Sherman as having said that free bullets
are to De preferred to free speech. He then
continuea:
"If Home chooses free bullets, we wiil
choose free speech, and we will find some
means of getting it, too."
"So we will," remarked one of the gen
tlemen on the platform.
"You bet 3"our boots we'll get it," re
sponded the speaker.
He then quoted from various writers,
! Catholic and Protestant, to show that
Catholicism is antagonistic to true Amer
icanism, and to contradict the assertions
! of Father Sherman that Catholicism and
Republicanism are one in principle.
He concuded with fiery vehemence, as
follows:
"Romanism is utterly incompatible to
the constitution of the United States and
| to our laws. She holds that all human
j power, as well as temporal power, must be
subordinate to the spiritual.
"That the church has power to grant or
take away temporal possessions. \Vhat is
that? Robbery !
"The church has the right to give nations
j non-Catholic to Catholic regents, who can
I reduce them to subjection. What is that?
! Bondage! Slavery*! Oppression!
"The church has the right to practice
the unconditioned censure of books. What
is that? The suppression of free books,
free press and free speech.
"The Pope has the right to annul State
laws, constitutions, treaties and alliances.
; What is that? Revolution!
"He has the right to absolve from
: obedience thereto as soon as they seem
detrimental to the rights of the church and
i clergy. What is that? Treason!
"And without his consent no taxes of
any kind can be levied upon a clergyman
or UDon a church. What is that? Civil
anarchy !
"He has the risrht to absolve from oaths.
What is that? Both treason and perjury!
"He can release from every obligation,
oath or vow, either before or after it is
taken. What is that? It is social nihil
ism !
"The execution of papal commands, of
j the persecution of heretics carries with it
the remission of sin. What is that? Sac
rilene and blasphemy!
"He that kills one that is excommuni
cated is no murderer in a legal sense, de
clares the Pope. What is that? Murder!
"I defy any sane being on earth, in
heaven or in fiell to take that summary of
canonical law and put it side by side with
the constitution of the United States and
harmonize them.
"The constitution of the United States
and the Declaration of Independence
have the precise opposite of every one of
these thinzs I have mentioned."
Before the assemblage dispersed it was
announced that there would be no ban
quet to Uev. Mr. Henry to-night, as had
been thought of, and that the meeting to
morrow night, when Rev. Mr. Henry
would speak about "Truth Putting Her
New Boots On," would be open and free
to all.
AWAY OFF ITS TROLLEY.
The Lightning of Last Thursday
Night Gets Out on a
"Tear."
Two Trees at the Corner of Union and
Broderick Streets Were
Destroyed.
While tornadoes, hurricanes and cy
clones sweep the East, dealing death and
destruction in their path, lifting every
thing they meet off the face of creation,
and even tearing the graveyards they
make out of the ground, the Pacific Coast
is outside of the dreaded belt of elemental
peril.
However, occasionally a breath of the
Eastern storms gets over the mountains
and reminds the California barometers of
its presence. The thunder that howled
through the low gafe-tlriven clouds all
throXigh last Thursday night is i*n indica
tion of what this climate can do when it
takes a change upon itself. About 1
o'clock that morning the family of W. W.
Culver, living on Union street, were sud
denly awakened by a blaze of lightning
that tilled t^eir sleeping apartments with
white dame. This was followed by a crash
of thunder that seemed to rock the house
on Us foundations. The family had for
merly lived in a lightning-striking local
ity and knew that something bad dropped
out of the clouds.
Next morning they saw where a large
tree in a Mr grove across the street had
been shivered by the bolt. The lightning
nad entered the trunk near the top and
had passed directly down the heart of the
tree to the ground, bursting the great stem
outward in all directions. One limb had
been blown clear off by the force of the
electric fluid, and the bark on the tree had
been peeled cleanly away from the trunk.
The tree is completely destroyed, though
yet-Standing in a tottering condition on
the stump. When the wind blows it
writhes and squirms woundedly, appa
rently on the point of falling. A few feet
away a companion tree was also struck by
probably the same bolt, splitting the stem
and shattering off a large limb.
The work of electricity on this coast, ex
cept through a light or trolley wire, is
something unusual, and a large number of
people have visited the scene and noted
the wonderful effect of the michty, mystic
fluid. The Culvers are thankful that the
lightning passed over their tall house and
spent itself harmlessly among the trees.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
RETAIL GROCERS
TO SHUT UP SHOP
Will All Unite Upon One
Day for an Outing
and Picnic.
SAN RAFAEL, JUNE 10.
Four Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Edible Prizes to Be
Offered.
AWARDS AT GATE AND GAMES.
Fun and Frolic and R ces for Those
That Walk and Cannot See
Their Feet.
All the retail grocery-stores in San Fran
cisco are' to be closed on Wednesday, June
10, the occasion of the twenty-fifth annual
excursion and picnic of the Retail Grocers'
Association.
The festivities will bb held at Schuetzen
Park, San Rafae!. Last year 2500 persons
Officers of the San Francisco Retail Grocers' .Association That Will Hold a Gen
eral Picnic Next Wednesday.
took part in the outing, but a larger nnm
ber is expected this year on account of the
increased membership in the association
and the willingness of non-members to
unite with their fellow-grocers in devoting
one day in the year to fun and frolic, with
business competition temporarily forgot
ten ir. the general friendly rivalry for a
good time.
Prizes to the value of between $4000 and
$5000 will be distributed. Each excursion
ticket is to have a coupon attached and
that coupon will draw some kind of a prize
at the gate. The wholesale dealers have
contributed cases of champagne, whisky
and wine, boxes of cigars, barrels of flour
and other drinkables and edibles in gen
erous packages. The association has put
up ttip hulk of the prizes, all sorts of staple
and v groceries in addition to some
cutler .mil dinner service sets.
The person that does not win something,
be it only a side of bacon or a box of
clothespins, must he handicapped by a
combination of hoodoos. There are to be
footraces for boys, for girls, for young
women, for grocers' clerks, for commer
cial travelers, for married women, for fat
women, for fat men and for members of
the association, a tug of war, target shoot
ing for women, for wholesale dealers and
for members, bowline contests and many
special events with special prizes.
The outing has been arranged for a
weekday in order to avoid the element
that often forms the disagreeable feature
of Sunday picnics, for the grocers purpose
to enjoy the day with their wives and
families.
Following are the officers for the present
year of the Retail Grocers' Association,
which has a membership of 200 firms:
President, John C. Nabman, corner of
California and Fillmore streets; vice-presi
dent, Joseph H. Stultz, 583 Montgomery
avenue; secretary, E. I. Fliesjer, corner Six
teenth and Guerrero streets; directors-
Alfred F. Bear, John Lachman, J. H.
Harrje; T. Salomon, A. W. Lehrke. John
E. I. Helms, John Schulken, E. H.
Hanjes.
On the day of the picnic the following
members will officially extend the glad
hand and perform the duties of a recep- \
tion committee: John E. A. Helms, Wil
liam Ring, Joseph A. Btultz, N. Salomon,
John Laciiman, John Schulken, T. Salo
mon. A. W. Lehrke, A. *'. Bear, E. A.
Haujes, J. H. Harrje, Charles Meier.
AX 1M VEKTOH'S HEATH,
Killed While Itiaing His Own Steam Bi
cycle.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 2.— H. S.
Roper, a mechanical engineer living in the
Roxbury district, was almost instantly
killed at the Charles River bicycle park yes
terday while experimenting with a steam
bicycle. He was pacing Tom Butler, the
well-known professional rider. At the be
ginning of the last quarter he lost control
of the wheel and fell, striking on his head.
He died almost instantly. The machine
which be was riding was one of his own
invention.
With Military Honor:
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2. — Colonel
George A. Purington, a former com
mander of Jefferson Barracks, who died
Saturday at Metropolis, 111., was buried in
the National Cemetery at the barracks yes
terday with military honors. The deceased
won his rank in the United States army
by gallant services during the civil war,
and later became noted as an Indian
fighter. In July, 1895, having reached the
retiring age, he was retired with the rank
of lieutenant- colonel.
THIS IS AN EAGLE STORY.
Children Carried Away and Men Boldly
Attached.
CHICAGO, 111., June 2,— A Potoskey
(Mich.) special says: An insurance agent
named Oscar Talcott, who is canvassing
among the farmers of this and Cheboygan
counties, while passing through the woods
of Allis Township, was struck on the neck
and head by a huge American eagle.whicb
tastened his claws in his neck and face.
After a fierce right the bird was driven off
and Talcott returned to this city. His
cheeks and neck were deeply cut by the
eagle's talons and his derby hat was cut. to
pieces. A party proposes to capture the
bird.
Ten days ago Lorenzo Wakeford, a
farmer, was attacked iv somewhat the
same way and had a ringer badly crippled.
Two years ago in the same vicinity the
child of Freeland Ro=e was carried three
or four miles and was rescued by the
father, who pursued on horseback and
shot the eagle as he stooped to rest.
Devoured by a Beat l .
DETROIT, Mich., June 2.— A special to
the Journal from Hudson, Mich., says: A
gang of eypsies with three bears camped
near Hudson Saturday night. A ferocious
male bear broke loose during the night
and attacked the camp. A terrible con
flict ensued before the animal was sub
dued and the man was literally torn to
pieces. Farmers in the neighborhood
were horrified this morning to find evi
dences of a child having been eaten by the
bear. A little bloodstained dress and other
evidences were found.
Again Talk of a Strike.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— The lack
of system existing in the management of
the Brooklyn ttolley lines, making it diffi-
cult for motormen and conductors to earn
a full day's nay, is having its effect upon
the employes, who are again talking of a
strike. There is a possibility of a tieup
on the Nassau Heights system.
One Hutidn <t Years a >tate.
NASHVILLE, Term., June 2.— The cele
bration was held yesterday of the one hun
dredth anniversary of the approval by
George Wa^hinirton, June 1, 17fM3, ot the
act which made Tennessee the sixteenth
State in the Union. The opening spec
tacular features were marred by a rain,
which set in this niorninK, with every in
dication that it would continue all day.
The city is elaborately decorated. It was
intended to make the military and civic
parade the chief feature of the early pro
ceedings. The "Hermitape" cavalry was
escorted by sixteen young ladies, repre
senting the sixteen Stales at the date of
Tenessee's admission. The orator of the
day was the Hon. John M. Dickson, who
read an elabora;e historical address.
Mrs. Hammond Is Dying,
PRETORIA, South Africa, Jane 2.—
The condition of Mrs. John Hays Ham
mond has become so serious that her hus
band bns been released on parole that he
may visit her bedside. She is at Johan
nesburg, and is reported to be dying. At
the time Hammond was arrested and
while he was under sentence of death his
wife bore up nobly, and did everything in
her power in his behalf. But when his
sentence was commuted the reaction
proved too great for her to stand, and she
has since oeen very ill.
Examinina Coast Defenses.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 2.— The com
mittee appointed by resolution of the
United States Senate to examine the coast
defenses have been in this city since last
Friday night and have examined the har
bor and other defenses, concluding their
labors to-day. According to Chairman
Squires, the United States Senator from
Washington the report which he will
make to the Senate will conclusively
show that the condition of the defenses is
snameful and unworthy of such a Nation
aa this.
Reformers to Be Released.
LONDON, Eng., June 2. — Cable dis
patches to the Globe from Pretoria say it
is expected that the release of Colonel
Francis Rhodes, George Farrar, Lionel
Phillips and John Heys Hammond, the
leaders of the Johannesburg Reform ' Co
mmittee who were sentenced to death, will
De announced to-morrow.
"" Fortifications Bill.
WASHINGTON. D. 0., June 2.-A full
and final conference on the fortifications
Mil was agreed to in the Senate to-day and
will probably bf> disposed of in the House
to-morrow. The $5,000,000 appropriated
by tlie Senate for gun and mortar batter
ies remains, but half of the work is placed
under the contract system.
.* Matonie Conffregt.
ROME, Italy, June 2.— A Masonic con
gress comprising delegates from all the
lodges in Italy was held here to-day. The
principal business of the congress was the
election of a grand master in place of
Signor Lemmi, who recently resigned.
Ernest Mathan, an ox-disciple of Mazzini,
was elected.
WRECKING PART
OF ITS ROADWAY.
Charges Made Against the
Southern California
Railway.
HAILS BEING TORN UP.
The Railroad Commission Asked
to Take Action in the
Matter.
WILL BE CONSIDERED TO-DAY.
San Dipgo County Residents May
Demand the Forfeiture of the
Company's Charter.
For more than five years the people of
San Diego County residing between Ocean
side and Temecuia, including those of the
city of San Diego, have been eudeavoring
to induce the Southern California Railway
to restore the portion of its road washed
out and wrecked between Oceanside and
Temecuia during a storm in February
1891.
After these people had argued, pleaded
and threatened nearly five years the com
pany was induced to put into repair
and operation that portion of the road
lying between Oceanside and Fallbrook,
and while it has never refused outright to
do anything on the Fallbrook-Temecula
j washout, it has persistently ignored the
i appeals made to it to do so.
It is claimed by the San Diego Property
owners' Union, which has had the matter
in hand, that a subsidy valued at so,ooo,ooo
I had bt-en granted the company for the
purpose of constructing a road from San
Diego to Barstow, and that its charter was
granted with the understandin;: that the
road would b? built and operated. It wa*
built, but since the storm of 1891,
j when it was partially destroyed, all
through traffic has gone by what is known
as the surf route, and it is charged by the
people of San Diego, by those on the line
of the wrecked portion of the road and by
those who depended on tne disabled line
for transportation that all this section of
country has been materially injured by
tne neglect of the company to restore the
road.
An appeal was made to the Railroad
Commission last year and it was as the re
suit of the action of the commission that
the Oceanside-Fallbrook section was put
in repair.
At that time the railroad company
! claimed that it would take abjut $90,000
j to put the break between Fallbrook and
Temecuia into condition and negotiations
were begun bet ween the company and re
presentatives of the people which prom
ised to lead to an amicable settlement.
That the matter has not been satisfac
torily adjusted is unmistakably shown by
the following correspondence received by
the Railroad Commission, and which will
come up for consideration at the meeting
of the board to-day.
The first is a letter sent to the San Diego
Property-owners' Union by Montgomery
j Ai. Moulton of Fallbrook, and the second
is the communication of the San Diego
Property-owners' Union to the Commis
sion.
1 have just discovered! that a forco of men Is
engaged in removing steel and ties from the
right of way between this plßce and Temecuia.
The material is, I think, being taken to Elsi
nore. Is it possible to drive the railway into
action?
I herewith enclose letter from our corre
| spondent at Fallbrook, San Diejjo Counly, stat-
I ing tlmt the Southern California Railway Com
! pany is removing the ties and rails from the
I abandoned portion of their road between that
: point and Temecuia.
Please brin? this matter before the Commis-
I sioners at the earliest opportunity, that some
thing may be done to prevent the railroad
! company from wrecking tbe road, which the
I citizens of this city more than built by the
j subsidy given to said company.
If the road persists in its present course
NEW TO-PAT.
In Spring Time
take that which will
build up the tissues and
supply force to the
muscular, digestive and
nervous systems* If
you are thin, without
appetite, pale because
of thin blood, or easily
exhausted, why further
weaken the body by
using tonics Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
j phites is what you need*
Cod-liver Oil is a food*
It produces force and
| builds up the system in
a substantial way*
The Hypophosphites
give strength to the
nerves* Better appe-
tite, richer blood and
healthy flesh come to
stay*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAHNY. AND WASHINGTON ' STS.-RE-'
modeled ana renovated. ■ KINO, WARD A CO.
European plan. Rooms 50c to ;*1 60 per day, $1
to f 8 per week, $8 to *30 per month: tree baths:
hoi and cold water every. room; tire grated iv J
I every room; elevator ruua ttUiiight. \
the forfeiture of its charter will be de
manded by the people who feel themselves
aggrieved.
Another matter of a less serious charac
ter is also to come before the commission.
It is the plaintive appeal of O. W« Krause,
a stockholder of a Los Angeles railway,
who has been deprived of free transporta
tion by the president of the company.
This is how he pleads for the sympathy of
the Commissioners:
Being a stockholder in a Los Angeles rail
road company, whose president is acting
rather too arbitrarily (similar to Mr. Vining).
in view of his granting passes, complimentary
and employes' tickets, or whatever such may
be called, of late, to non-stockholders, while
stockholders are being deprived of such a
privilege, for reasons best known to the
president and directors of the concern iv
question, I respectfully beg to ask you the
question whether according to your idea a
stockholder should not enjoy equal, if not
more privilege than any other individual, and
whether a great injustice is not being done by
granting such privileges to outsiders and not
to stockholders, who are surely more entitled
to same beyond any question.
I trust you will not hesitate in expressing
your views as to who should benefit by a free
ride— the stockholders, whose money is in
vested, or people who have no interest in such
a concern.
The directors have no claim for a pass, for
they receive $5 for attending each meeting.
But if they are given free transportation,
stockholders should benefit likewise.
The first steamship company to comply
with the request of the Railroad Commis
sion fora report of its affairs and to thus
acknowledge ihe jurisdiction of the Com
mission over such transportation compa
nies, is the Wilmington Transportation
Company of Los An eles. This report
will be submitted to the board to-day.
Marylnnd Lour Graduates.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 2.— Annual
commencement of the Maryland Univer
sity school of law at Ford's Opera-house
to-night was notable because of the pres
ence of Vice-President. Stevenson, who de
livered the address, and the fact that tbe
graduating class was the largest in the
history of the institution. The boxes at
Ford's were occupied by the leading jurists
of the city, while the remainder of the
theater wis comfortably fiiled with law
yers, relatives and friends of the graduates.
Rev. Dr. Maltbie, D. Babcock'3 invocation
was impressive. Hon. Bernard Carter
conferred the degree.
• — ♦— * -
Passes to the Rothschilds.
BUTTE, Mont., June 2.— lt is announced
to-day that negotiations between the Eng
lish syndicate and the Anaconda Minine
Company have reached such a state that
the purchase of a controlling interest in
the property by the syndicate is as good
as settled, and that within a day or two
the deal will be cloned, whereby another
quarter interest will pass to th" Roths
childs on a basis of $45,000,000 for the
whole.
Hnkes an Assignment.
JOLIET, 111., June 2.— The JolietStrow
bridge Company, a leading manufactur
ing concern here, made an assignment to
day and a receiver was appointed. The
liabilities exceed $00,000. It manufactured
vehicles and farm machinery.
m ARGONAUT
v AM niluUlinU I
•f™ ■ Li i\
>j ii I ill ' ' Itt
mXm WHISKEY
pc^i^^ Bottling.
l«*SS^s^£s^i 9 i- HJIinTIII
HjjjpßOPwitTows iiijjj Li Illnlll 111
411 Market St.
San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
FR4SCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.- 12-35
5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. K. i
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. if.; 1:30,, 3:3«
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I*, 7:50. 9:10, 11-10 a it-
%i%¥V^J;3tr*r iiay^ Extn ' trlpi
ToO^5 7 p 3 i. 9:^ U:l ° A - "*• I: *°- 8:40,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part umi'
schedule as above. •«"»•
San Francisco. In effect Ban Arrive
Pan Francisco. " ™ e « gjln Franc , BCa
Da?* n2£ I*st?nauon. SJj^
■UAYS. | DA\g. DAYS. | DaYB.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10 :40 Ajfi 840 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, . 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 m 5:00 pm ; Santa Uosa. I 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_ . Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
nealdsbur?, •
■ . ■ . Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Clovfiittale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~ I " l*ieta, " i
7:30 am Hopland A 10-10 am
8:30 1 7:30 am[ T^klah. . 7:30 pm 6 :15 pm
7:30 am ! ~~\ | ~ 10-10 ay
!7:3oAMjGnernevUle. 7:30 "- 1 "*"
3:30 pm L - 1 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am ! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6: 10 i-M 5:00 I'M and 6:05 pm 6-15 pm
! \ Glen Ellen.
gifSSlg;BB;s|
c !*t >efs connect at Santa Rosa ior~Mßrk We«
Spriiißs; at Gejaervllie for Ska«s springs: at
Cloyerclale for the Geysers; at Pletafor Hlichland
Springs. k.-ls.'.vville. Soda Bay and ..akeporc- at
i^nh n l f °v, L K kcpo^ t and Bartiett Spring at
Uklah for Vichy springs, Snrntrg* Pprinirs Blu^
yallej', John Day's, I.lerley's, Bucknell's fan
hedrin ll eights, Hullville. Boonev lie. Green
wood, Orr-s Hot Sprln s.Mendocino City. Fon
Bragg, \\ en. port, foal, Willets, ■ Canto Co ve'o
Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka. M)ve ' 0 '
rat( a Ur(lSiy t0 Mollrta >' round-trip tickets atreduoed
yo^t»a^ffi^f tS to > " oln f «-.
V C^ t nr\ t l\Z' 1 - 6MI Marlte '«-. Chronicle building.,
H.C. WHITI.NO. , . R.XBTAN,
■ Gen. Manager. Geu. Pass. Agent.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sfiusalito Ferry),
■Tom Baa Francisco, < ormiK n ing .March 2% 189&
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San 1 Rafael — 7:00, »8;00
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. m.: *1:45, 3:10, 4:18,
5:15. *K:od. j:35 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, WtdM»
aay§ and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
_l^ J SUNDAYS.
«r , Mill Valley and San Rafaet-*8:00, •9:00,
♦10:00, 11:3Ja. m.; **la:8J. *1 :30, *2:16, *4:ott I
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 m. Extra trip to Sautaiitoat
11 .00 A. M. ■ '
Trains marked • run to son Qnentln. ••12.
T. U. does not run to Mill Valley 1
■■ ■ THROUGH TBAINB. !
{•»'•«■ weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
!i°° A - M - s »»days-ru/a le:o and wav stations. i
9m*.. M. Sundftyn-Polnt Reyes mm w*y«t»Uon» i
OTEW TO-DAY.
MUNYON'S
DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cnni
cures all forms of indigestion and stomaoh
troubles, such as rising of food, distress after
eating, shortness of breath, palpitation and
all affections of the neart caused Dy indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, bad taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness of the stomach, headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting paina
of the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, foins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate specific for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 25 cents a bottle.
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1503
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Take this advice and you will indeed be
safe! Hive you been foolish and nursed
a private disease, hoping that nature
would cure it, instead of seaking good
treatment? Have you committed follies
that you are ashamed to own to, and
which are draining your vital forces
hourly? If so, why not go to the one per-
son on earth that
YOU KNOW
will give you help? Your secret is safe in
his keeping; your health will certainly be
restored, and you can go buck to your
work with a good heart and a clear con-
science. Every private disease of both
sexes is promptly and satisfactorily cured,
for Dr. Sweany has spent a lifetime in the
study of these peculiar ailments. Lost
Manhood unfailingly restored. Treatment
by mail isalwavs successful. Write if you
can't call. OHice hours — 9 to VI a. m. and
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 10 to 12
a. M. only. Address
F. L. OnLHill, m. U., san rrandaeo, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TSIK.kn PACIFIC COM PANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave mid m'<* dM lo arrive at
SAX FRAM'IMI'U.
leave — From Mat 3. 1896. — arrive
•<J:OOa Niks, Ban Jose and"Way Stations. . . N:3sa ' :
7:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogilcn and East.. 8:13p
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Ilumsey, Sacra- -■ - -.
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:4Sp
7:0»a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa . 6:lSp
8:8WA Niles, San .lose, nek ton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... 4:15r
•S:3Aa Peters and Milton "7:15p
9:0»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Ccrbara and Ins Angeles 4:4»p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton ;.... lii:i:.v
O:OO A Vallejo , 6:l.>p
1:00 NHes, San Jose and Livermore.i.... 8:13 a
•1:00p Sacramento River Steamers M»:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:43p
4:001- Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Sautaßosa 9:13 a,
4:»«p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville,
Oroville and •Sacramento I*:4s*
4:3«p Niles. San Jose, Livermor9 . and
Stockton 7:lSr>
4:8 Op Merced, Bereada, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 1 I*4o*
o\99t Now Orleans li«pross,l''resno.Balters-
,_ • Held, Santa i;.nbaia,Los Angeles,
•.. "Oeming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East l«lla».V
SiOOp Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:15 a
5:80p Valkj i 11:43 a
•:oOr European Mail, Ogden and Hast.... 9:434.
6:OOi- Ilaywnrils, Niks aud San Jose 7:43 a
J7:oop Vallejo f7«43p
7ioop Oregon Express, .Sacramento, Mar-s-
->ille, Redding, Portland, Pnget
Sound ;'..id East 18:43 a,
SASTA <;KIIZ SIMMON tXarrowtiange). "
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, fan t*T Cruz .'
and Princip i 1 Way Stations t*»**»~
• :13a Newark.Centcrville.Kan Jose.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ■ I
Stations SiMp-'
•t:lsp Newark. Ccnterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .
Stations...... Ml a
4:1.1p Nenir';. San Jose and Los 0at05.... 9:5 « a
COAST IHVISIO.N (Tlilnl A Townse.,.. Sth.)
•«:43a San .10.0 ami V. Y.y Stations (New
Almaden Wcclnesilaya only) *1:43p
i?:i(OaV Sunday Excursion lor Sin Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations 18:33p :
■ ■iISAHan Joso, Tres Pinos, Banta Cruz,
Pacilio Grove, Paso Rubles, ,San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03
,9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations \\ i4sp
1O:IOa San Jo3enud Way Stations 3:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto and Way Stations .' 8:30p
•a:3Op.S»n Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pine*. Santa ■
\.-V , •:. .'.: Cruz, Monterey and PBcilic
Grove *10:40 a
•a-.:iOp San Josoand Principal Way Stations - »:I7a,
*4:3orSan Jofeaoil Way Stations *N:O6a
3:30p San .lose and Way Stations *S:1!»a
6::»0p San Jose and Way Stations 6:.'15 a
|ll:-15p .San Joronnd Way Stations. t":lsp
SAX liHAMmp AM) HAIWAKU-. LOCAL.
<*6:OOa 1 ( 7.-13 A
8:0.: a . (9:23 A
9:00 a 'Me]rwe,Sml M ryP.rk, 10:43 a
lO.ooa Melr«M, Seminary Pwk,
"2.00P Fitehbnrg, Leandro WAU
3:00p d 4:13p
4:00p ' a ° " O:l5p
3:OOr HuTwariU. flilSp
O:SOp HaytTtrtU. 7:13r
7:<»Op • , . • . R:s3p
9:00p • Rims through to Ni>«. io!.^bp
\jll:lspj < From Niles. !, tt!2:oop
CREEK ROUTE ferry.
Prom SAX FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. ;l:00 *2:00 t3:CO
♦i:00. . t3:CO •6:00 p.m.
fromOAKUND— Fo.it of Broadway.— '6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *1:00 J2:00 •3:00 11:08
*5:00r.M. ' . r
A for Morning.' P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. . t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday merits only.
Atlantic
r clCltlC m^^^^^a
RAILROAD
i Trains leave from and arrive &&•£&s. ' ■
;»t Market-Street Ferry. Jp^p^.ijiS***^ '
SANTA FE EXPK
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
1 alace Sleepers and Tourist Steepen to Chicago
iinveTaTd^^uL 01110^"^ AaaeX Ca " tOt
1 stnvs ,'" ™ 11 - vl 'A. FE ROUTE EXCUB- '
u-uh th leav « every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
rtJeniS. ?»'JL latest ."'' t0 " <lal " upholstered tourist
j «X^«o n de 3 -^aUon eiPerienCed . aSeQt9 ' ™ l "-«
i No\i- e 9t n rallw * from California to the East.
• »iid B o\ii nCI \' es , : n O dust . Interesting scenery;
Hid o.kl meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
licket Office-« 44 Market Street,
ChrotiicU Building.SHE IS A GALLANT
OFFICER'S BRIDE,
Nuptials oi Lieutenant Shoe
maker and Miss
Cheesman.
A HIGH NOON WEDDING
Grayson Dutton and Miss Hunts
man United at Grace
Church.
LOWENGART-GERST NUPTIALS.
A Reception Follows the Wedding of
Livirgston Jenks and Miss
May Harley.
1? In the realms above Hymen has an
othee, as all -well regulated mythological
godS presumably should have, and further
napposiog ue not only approves but adopts
MR. AM) MRS. I. LOWE^G RT (FOIiMEKLY MISS LEAH GEEST).
mundane customs there, it is more than
probable that yesterday he displayed the
sign, "This is my busy day."
There were four weddings yesterday.
Two noon ceremonies, an afternoon wed
ding and an evening weddine.
Lieutenant Shoemaker of the Philadel
phia and Miss Jennie Cheesman, a daugh
ter of Mrs. Norton Cheesman, joined
hands and hearts at the residence of the
bride's mother, 1907 Pacific avenue. Rev.
Dr. Foute of Grace Church performed the
ceremony.
It was a very quiet wedding. There was
a lack of formality and ostentatious dis
play that made it more than usually im
pressive.
. Promptly at noon the couple, surrounded
■ by their relatives, and a limited number
of intimate friends, faced their pastor in
the simply but prettily decorated little
drawing-room, and, according to the rites
. of their church, were pronounced man and
" : wife.
"'. After congratulations were offered the
newly wedded pair led the way to the
dining-room, where an elaborate bridal
■'. breakfast was served.
•.;. Mrs. Shoemaker has for the past few
.'.-Reasons been prominently identified with
the best set in local society. A charming
girl, talented and accomplished, no enter
tainment was considered complete with
out her. Her engagement to Lieutenant
Shoemaker was announced some six
mouths ago, on which occasion Mrs.
Jewett gave an elaborate tea in her honor.
It was with regret that the lady's many
friends heard that her wedding to tnc- gal
lant young officer was to be extremely
quiet.
But if they were not present their
thoughts were with the happy couple,
and many were the wishes for their future
happiness and welfare.
White roses bloomed on the altar and
in the chancel of Grace Church yesterday,
and wealth of greenery lent the touch, of
spring typical for a June wedding. A
well-dressed and fashionable audience
nited the church, assembled to witness the
nuptials of Miss Emma Huntsman,
daughter of Mrs. George Huntsman, and
W. Grayson Dutton, son of W. J. Dutton,
Though the wedding was a simple one,
there were features of unusual interest.
Of the friendly gathering that watched
the pretty ceremony of "'giving the bride
away," which Mrs. Huntsman gracefully
performed, not many knew the memories
which must have stirred that mother's
heart.
• ' At the same altar Mrs. Huntsman her
. self was united in marriage to the father
of the girl who plignted her troth there
, yesterday. ■
The Huntsmans are members of Trinity
Church, but naturally the bride wished to
I be married at Grace Church, as her parents
were before her. Dr. Foule «*•(».* himself
engaged elsewhere, so it was arranged that
the Rev. Dr. Walk ■of Trinity Church
should go to the chancel of Grace Church
. • to perform the ceremony.
'' . Almost on the appointed minute the
• ■deep-toned organ ecnoed through the
church, and the ushers— Henry F. Dut
ton, Donald Smith, George' Gardner and
••George H. Mendell began their dig
• nified walk up the aisle. Following them
• came the Misses Mollie and Gertrude Dnt
•' ton. sisters of the groom, in dainty white
. 'orcandie dresses, with stocks an.i girdles
-of leaf-green silk, and big white fancy
.'straw hats, trimmed with white illusion
and Cherokee roses and green leaves.
■ Miss Lucy Huntsman and Miss Louise
Young, sister and cousin of the bride,
. walked side by side, and then came Miss
Genevieve Huntsman, the third of the
strikingly elegant and stylish trio of sisters,
as maid of honor. They, like the little
bridesmaids, wore gowns of white organdie
with stock and girdle of leaf-green silk.
The Dig white hats were massed with
' • Cherokee rosesand entwined with illusion
. veils, the latter carelessly but gracefully
caught on the left shoulder with beautiful
pearl and green enameled pins, the bride's
gift to her attendants.
Following the maids came the bride,
leaning on the arm of her mother.
. The bride's dress was simple almost to
severity but for the soft tulle which
floated over it. The gown was of heavy
. white silk, the skirt falling in the deep
folds of the new fan like train. The
sleeves were of graceful shape, long and
quite plain.
There was a high crush collar with the
'jauntiest of bows, and a belt similarly ar
ranged.
Tie veil was caught with a diamond
sunburst, the gift of Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Dntton, parents of the groom.
' At the altar the groom and his best
man, his brother Harry S. Dutton, met
the bride and in a few moments Mr. and
Mrs. Grayson Dutton walked down the
aisle and but into life together. A pretty
- ...
wedding breakfast to the families and rela
uves followed at the residence of Mrs.
Huntsman. Late in the afternoon Mr.
and Mrs. Dutton left the city on a wed
ding trip of several weeks. ;
Many of the gowns at the wedding were
noticeably handsome. Mrs. Huntsman
was in amethyst satin, richly trimmed
with lace, and her bonnet was of violets.
I*l, •J * Dluto dress of white and
gold brocade with point lace bertha and
ripple cape of the brocade was much ad
mired, and the green chiffon hat with its
nodding black poppies gave a decidedly
Frenchy air to the toilet.
Mr. and Mrs. Dutton were the recipients
of some rare and beautiful gifts. Among
those most highly prized is the case of
silver from the fellow-accountants of Mr.
Mutton in the Fiieman's Fund insurance
office. Raphael Weal, a close friend of
many years, sent the bride a superb cut
glass outfit of numberless pieces and a set
of exquisite china, and a magnificent lamp,
and a dozen priceless cups and taucera
bore Mr. and Mrs. Sylyain \Veiii : s card.
A valuable bronze, pictures, a costly
Turkish rug, many pieces of silver, a rich
point-lace handkerchief and dozens of
dainty trifles testified to the affection and
interest of the many friends of two old
San Francisco families.
The wedding of Miss Leah Gerst, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Garrison Gerst, and
Ignatz Lowengart was quietly solemnized
yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, corner of Mc-
Allister and Pierce streets.
Miss Gerst is one of the belles in local
Jewish circles, ai.d is reported as talented
and accomplished as she is certainly hand
some and fascinating.
Reared in a home noted for its culture
and refinement, it is but natural that the
fair bride of yesterday found time, even in
the midst of her numerous social duties,
for study. Literature, the languages and
music occupied hex attention principally.
Mrs. Gerst is one of the best-known of
charitable workers, and her daughter ac
companied her in many of her visits of
mercy.
Mr Loweneart i? a prominent merchant
! of Portland, Or., a member of the tirm of
I Teller & Co., and is also interested in the
; tirm of Whittier & Fuller of this City. He
: ha 9 traveled extensively and is as popular
socially as he is commercially.
It was originally intended that the wed
ding ot this fortunate young couple was to
be an elaborate affair, but uniortunaiely
almost at the last moment theyoun^ bride
was tnke'n iii and it for a time looked as if
the marriage woul'l have to be postponed.
Fortunately the young lady rallied faffi
ciently to be married yesterday afternoon,
only the relatives and' a Jimited number of
friends attending the ceremony. As soon
i as Mrs. I-iOtvengart is eiuirtjy* recovered,
cards -Aiil be sent out for a laree reception.
The most elaborate of the many wed
dings oelebrated yesterday was that of
Miss May Hurley and Livingston Jenks,
solemnized last evening at 8:ik) o'clock at
i the retidance of the bride's mother on
| Scott street.
Rev. Dr. Hemphill performed the cere
mony, which was witnessed by relatives
only.
The bride wore an elegant gown of white
I duchesse satin. The corsage was veiled
j with mousseline de soie inserted with nar
] row banda of Valenciennes. At the bot
tom of the modisti skirt were three full
puffs, outlined with a ruffle of lace.
The veil was fastened to the coiffure by
a wreath of lilies of the valley, and a
pearl necklace with diamond clasp, the
gift of tne groom, was fastened round the
necK.
Tnere were no bridnl attendants. The
home was beautifully decorated with
choice flowers, sweet peas in all their
variety of coloring bein« used principally
with most artistic effect.
After the ceremony the newly married
couple held a reception, for which SOO in
vitations were issued.
The hours were from 9 till 12, during
which there was music, dancing and an
elaborate service of refreshments.
Mr. and Mrs. Jenk- will leave to-day for
New York en route to Europe, where their
honeymoon will be spent. Mrs. Harley
will f.-ave on the Ist of October for Europe,
where she will meet the young couple, and
they will all return together.
BENTON TRANSFERRED.
The AaeUtant Special Agent of the
Treasury Will Trobably Be Sent
to Alaska.
The sensational story published in an
afternoon paper yesterday relative to the
removal of J. C. Benton, assistant special
agent of the treasury of the Northern Dis
trict of California, to another station, is
without foundation.
Some months a-zo, in fact, before the so
called Custom-house bcaiuial was thought
of, Benton asked the authorities at Wash
ington to place him In another field. It
was not convenient at that time to do so,
and in consequence Benton was forced to
continue under Special Agent Moore.
Special Agent Benton asked to .be sent
to Alaska, and it is probable that his re
quest wiil be granted. It is generally
understood that Benton and Moore have
not got along well together, but that has
nothing to do with the transferring of the
former to another district.
MADE A MINISTER.
Cay, I'.runi Grimaldi Promoted and Sent
to Guatemala.
It is announced that Cay. Bruni Gri
maldi, ti.e Italian Consul-General, who
has received a long leave of absence from
his Government, will return no more to
San Francisco. He has just been ap
pointed Minibter to Guaterrala, where he
will succeed Count Greppi, and in hi 3 new
position he will have the Italian interests
of all the Central American republics
under his jurisdiction.
Cay. Bruni Grimaldi's friends are con
gratulating him on his new appointment,
which is a step forward in his career, but
it is believed thai before rejoining his fam
ily in Turkey in Asia, he will have to pro
ceed to Guatemala and remain there sotue
months before enjoying the leave of ab-
s ence for which he has been petitioning
the Italian Government for so long. This
would take a good deal of gilt off the gin
gt-r-breadg t -r-bread so far as the Consul-General is
concerned, for ne was above all things
! anxious to rejoin his family in Asia.
The last dispatches from his Ministry
have been sent to Denver, so that Cay.
Bruni Grimaldi will proceed there prob
ably to-morrow or Friday. This evening
a grand banquet of adieu to the Consul
and of welcome to the new pro-Consul, Dr.
0 Pescia, will be given at the Commercial
Hotel. The committee in charge is com-.
! posed of Dr. G. Caglieri und G. Cale^aris.
THE SAX FRAX^ISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUKE 3, 1896.
GERALDINE BEATEN OUT.
Road Warmer, an 80 to 1 Shot,
Gained the Verdict by
a Head.
PIGGOTT HE RODE CARELESSLY
Two Favorites Succeeding in Winning.
Dolce Out of the Maiden
Class.
The grand old sprinter Geraldine started
in the last race at Inuleside yesterday, a
six-furlong dash, and, it is needless to re
mark, every man, woman, tout and stable
boy on the grounds held a ticket bearing
her name thereon. Through overconfi
dence on the part of her rider, Piggott, she
was beaten out a head by Road Warmer,
at one time an 80 to 1 shot in the ring.
Geraldine carried George Rose's colors,
and after opening up in the betting at
2 to 1 was played down to 6to 5. The
brown mare Thelma was a strong 3 to 2
second choice. The favorite was on her
bad behavior at the post, and, together
with Thelma, made matters exceedingly
warm for the assistant starter. The field
was finally sent away to a good start.
Road Warmer was shoved in the lead, with
Geraldine within easy hailing distance.
Nearing the bend for the wire Piggott
let out a wrap or. tne favorite and she
rapidly closed on the long-shot leader.
This evidently satisfied Piggott that he
had tne race up nis sleeve, for he eased up
his mount, preparatory to a grand-stand
finish. It came, and just a trifle too lute;
for when he started in to ride in earnest
opposite the paddock, he found thai
Tommy Butler, on Road Warmer, also
ha>l a pound or so in reserve, and in an
exciting drive the old mare was compelled
to acknowledge defeat by a head, in the
last time, considering the strong wind that
was blowing, of 1:15. Thelma, the second
choice, was third.
In the ot.^er six events decided the fields
with one exception were large, and to t lie
fortunate speculator large returns were
assured as but two first choices headed
the "fields in." Tne attendance was quite
up to the average and the betting heavier
than usual.
The Spreckels' entry Bayard was the
heavie.-t backed of the thirteen starters in
the four-furlong scramble for maiden two
year-olds, but through a sort of tiiat's-my
name ride on the part of Piggott was beat
en out a bead by the 3>£ to 1 second choice
Dolce. Glendezer ran an improving race,
finishing in the ttiow.
Sixteen selling platers contested for the
purse in the second event at five furlongs.
Venus was a 2 to 1 choice and managed to
finish just outside ttie money. Gracie S,
the next in demand, made all of the run
ning and passed ttie judges two lengths be
fore Durango. Flute was a good third.
The distance event over a mile and a
sixteenth under celling conditions called
out four starters. Red Gien was a7to 5
choice in the bettini;, and after lying sec
ond to Don Caesar until straightened away
for the wire, tuuk the ieud and won han
dily by a coup>e of lengths, with Paros,
who made his usual streich run, finishing
in the place. Little Cripple was left at
the post.
The race following, a s«r furlong spin
with a field of thirteen lining up, ended a
disastrous rout for the ta.ent. Charles A,
the black horse, was sent out a heavily
played 2 to 1 choice, but was cut off soon
after the start and finished back in the
rucK. Mirambo, alO to 1 shot, ridden by
11. Brown, managed to wend bis way
through the bunch, taKing the purse at
the end by a head from George Rose, the
second choice.
Nick Hall's color? were carried to the
front in the fifth event over a mile by Two
Cheers, who started equal choice in the
betting with Flirtiila, both being held at
3to 1. Bozeman sent Two Cheers out in
the lead at the first turn, and, maintaining
his advantage, passed the stand two
lengths in advance oi Warrago in I:44}*.
The sixth race at six iurlongs again saw
Owner Hall's colors victorious, this time
carried by La Flecba. There were four
teen starters, with the filly a 3 to 1 second
choice, the Spreckels entry Fla.nmifer rul
ing favorite at ft to 5, backed from threes.
La Flecha took the lead entering the
stretch and in a drive beat Masoero out a
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have ng record bi thu d;stance to be ruu the records at tho next nearest
distance are Riven.
Aobreviatious — F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; 1., furlong; •, about.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Eighty-ninth day. Tuesday, June 2, i 896. Weather fine.
'Track good.
St&rUna *ate used. Won driving. Winner, B. Edsall'B b. g. , by Frank Kiioadi a-Belle. Time, 1:15.
head, with the favorite finishing in the
show.
Ladies' Day at In?leslde.
This will be "ladies' day, as usual, at
Ingleside track. The generous offer of the
Pacific Coast JocKey Club to devote the
entire receipts of a day's racing toward the
fund for the sufferers by the cyclone at St.
Louis has been declined, at least for the
present. Secretary 1-eake received the fol
lowing telegram from Robert Aull, secre
tary of the Fair Grounds Racing Associa
tion of St. Louis, that is self-explanatory:
St. Louis, Mo.. June 2, 1896.
W. S. Leake, Secretary Ing'aide Track, San
Francisco, Cal.: We an! deeply impressed with
the kind offer of the pacific Jockey Club and
sincerely tliank you. Have seen the Mayor
and It is possible that it may not be necessary
to trouble you, at least for Wednesday. After
the rnaii-ineeting of to-day will wire you
further. ■ . - ■ . ■■
No pernon or animal was injured in the least
degree at our iraek. The root of the grand
stand was our only lons. Racing haa not been
discontinued. Robert At'ix, Secretary.
The card for to-day is an excellent one.
Special cars will be run for the accommo
dation of the fair sport lovers, and no
doubt for this special occasion the horses
will run strictly up to form.
SPRECKELS RE-ELECTED,
Annual Meeting of the Directors
of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club.
Flattering Financial Condition of the
New Racing Association — M. F.
Tarpey Chosen a Director.
The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the f acific Coast Jockey Club was held
yesterday at their offices in the Palace Ho
tel.
Of the 2410 shares of stock outstanding
2170 were represented at the meeting.
The annual reports of President A. B.
Spreckels and Secretary W. S. Leake, both
showing the new racing association to be
in a flourishing and prosperous financial
condition, were read and accepted and a
resolution was adopted by unanimous vote
ratifying and indorsing eacu and every act
of the outgoing board of directors.
An election Tor members of the board, to
serve during the ensuing year was then
held, and with one exception there was no
change in the personnel of the old board,
The fotlowing gentlemen were chosen : A
B. Spreckels, Henry J. Crocker, Edward
Corrigan, Walter S. Hobart, M. F. Tarpey,
W. 8. Leake, S. N. Androus.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the stockholders' meeting the directors
convened and elected all the former of
ficers as follows: President, A. B. Spreck
els; vice-president, Henry J. Crocker; s c
retary, W. S. Leake; treasurer, the
Crocker- Woolworth Bank.
Mr. Tarpey, the new member of the
board of directors, succeeds Barney
bchreiber, the popular St. Louis turfman,
whose contemplated trip to Germany in
the near luture will prevent him from
again serving. Mr. Schneber will visit
California next winter, and after seeing
his bookmaking ventures well underway
will start on his pleasure tour.
The splendid financial standing the new
racing association finds itself in was highly
gratifying to all of ihe interested turfmen
present, and epeaks volumes for the execu
tive ability of its officers. The eyes of
Secretary Sam Leake sparkled with pride
as he pointed to the fact that at not a single
meeting at lugleside bad the club failed to
make money. Californians are ever pron<
to patronize honest sport, properly con
ducted, and the present venture uas provei
no exception.
FESTIVAL OF NATIONS.
To Be Held in Aid of the Women's In
dustrial Union This Fall.
The Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union last evening held its regular
weekly social at their rooms on Van Ness
avenue. Quite a number took advantage
of the general invitation offered to all
women to attend these weekly gatherings,
where, besides listening to an excellent
programme, they have an opportunity for
mutual acquaintance and social inter
course.
The president of the union, Mme.
Louise A. Sorbier, announced that some
time during the comine fall a Festival of
Nations will be given, probably at the Me
chanics' Pavilion, for the benefit of the
union.
The laudable aims and accomplishments
of this organization are not as generally
appreciated as they deserve to be. The
union aims to secure the educational, in
dustrial and social advancement of all
women without regard to class, national
ity or creed. Besides the weekly public
socials a number of educational classes
are maintained, and an employment com
mittee endeavors to find work for the
members free of charge.
Last evening's entertainment was a,
musicale under the direction of Mme.
Ellen Coursenßoeckel. Among the selec
tions rendered were the following:
Duet, "Magic Flute" (Mozart), Miss Jennie
Johannse:i and Mrs. H. Lewis; solo, "In«iian
Serenade" and "The Clover Blossoms" (Mei
calf), Mmc, Ellen Coiirsen-Roeckel ; ballad, -'The
Double Lobs" (Helmumi), Miss Eva Bolger;
Scotch sonp, "My Laddie" (Neidlinuer), Mi^s
Dora i ohen ; pinno solo, "Noctnrno" (Roeckei).
Jo«e;>h Uoeokel; son;?, "One Spring 3dormiig"
(Neviu), Miss Nellie t'oucb.
ALL READY FOR OFFICE,
The Republican Executive Coun
cil Will Hold an Election
on Friday Night.
S-veral Candidates in the Field for
the Olfice of Chair
in in.
The annual election for officers for the
Republican executive council will be held
on next Friday evening in the courtroom
of Superior Judge Belcher, Deoartrnent 11.
There are a number of candidates for the
presidency, among them Judge Cooney,
the incumbent; General Robert A. Fried
rich, First Vice-President Edgar Briggs,
H. C. Firebaugh. chairman of the execu
tive committee, and Major John A. White
sides, secretary of the executive commit
tee.
For the office of secretary Oscar Tolle,
so far, has no rival. His capacity as a
secretary poes unquestioned, and he has
given general satisfaction during the two
years of his administration.
There is also no dearth of material for
the positions of vice-presidents, and, all
put together, the meeting to be held will
De full of interest not only to the mem
bers and the clubs represented by dele
gates but to the entire Republican party
in the City and throughout the Stale.
■ ■ ■■ »—» — • — •
THE PUBLIC LIBRARY.
Kgtirnates for the Next Fiscal Tear
Adopted.
The Free Public Library Board met yes
terday alternoon and considered the esti
mates for the next fiscal year. The total
amount i» $;>B,OOO, being |sCott more than
was appropriated last year.
The increase is due to the fact that the
elevator will be in operation next year;
that h new branch library was started
Monday at 720 Harrison street, and an en
tire new catalogue of the books in the li
brary will hilve to be got up. No other
business of any importance WM transacted.
Cook Kearney LHsmigsed.
The Board of Health has headed off another
scandal that threatened to be one of the most
sensational yet brought to light, by ordering
the summary dismissal of Head Cook Kearney
of the Almshouse without the investigation
that would have made public property of the
details of the affair and thus exposed the char
acter of one oi the board's appointees.
NEW TO-DAY.
RHEUMATISM,
Sciatica, Lumbago, Lame Back and all pains
and aches are traced to their source and
driven from the body by
There may be os^^ r When you buy
cheaper Belts, but %*fc%~, an appliance to Re-
there are none as J^l- I;1K; store Health you
X° od - ijtStf don ' t want a toy -
■• ... - •%)#'..
Whatever the cause, or wherever it lies, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will follow the i
course of rheum atio pains and find the seat of the trouble. Tnen it will drive it out of
the body for good. Electricity, in its subtle way, strengthens the circulation, adds to v
the vital force and removes the cause of all pains . and aches from the body. Dr.
Banden's Belt is the most perfect means of applying it.
A LATE CURE.
Keswiek (Cal.), May 28, 1896.
. DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Having suffered fora period of three years from 'muscular
rheumatism and having tried all kinds of known remedies to no avail, a friend of mine advised
me to get one of your Belts, so I got one of your No. 6 Belts, ami alter wearing it for about
three months the rheumatism has Jeft me entirely. .1 will cheerfully recommend y<vur belt to
all sufferers from rheumatism.' Yours, truly, ■ MICHAEL, MALONEY,
• Keswick, Sbasta Co., Cal.
. . Such letters mean a great deal to a sufferer und*«ided as to where 10 look for aid
They mean that others have been cured. Why not you? Get the book, ''Three Classes
Of Men." It has hundreds of them arid full information. ■ ■- .' -
S^k.3»'l3DsSr^r ELiBCTRIO. CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. DI.; Sundays, 13 to 1.
OFFICES .A.T— —
IOS ANGELES, CAU • I PORTLAND, OR.
i.04 fcoutlr Broadway. I ' 253 WasWnston itrest
MARKET MEN IN
A NEW QUANDARY.
No Notice to Vacate Their
Sutter-Street Quar
ters.
MAY GO IN ANY EVENT.
Advantages Offered Them on
Powell Street by George
D. Toy.
»
TROUBLE ABOUT THE LEASE.
Complications Have Arisen Between
Messrs. Frank J Sullivan and
D. Samuels.
Trouble is brewing in connection with,
the contemplated abandonment of the old
Central Market, on the corner of Sutter
street and Grant avenue and the estab
lishment of the new Union-squure Mar
ket, on Powell street.
As already related in The Call, it had
been virtually aereed among the interested
parties that the old market was to be re
modeled and improved and leased by
Frank J. Sullivan to D. Samuels of the
Post-street Lace Hoase. It was also
understood that the present tenants, who
were to b« given four months' notice,
were then to remove into the commodious
modern establishment to be erected for
them on Powell street by George D. Toy,
the real-estate man.
According to the programme, the lease
between D. Samuels mid Frank J. Sullivan
was to have been signed yesterday, and
Mr. Toy was then to ahead and put up
his new building as speedily as possible for
the accommodation of the market men,
with whom he had already come to an
oral agreement which was satisfactory to
both sides.
Complications have since arisen. The
lease has not yet been signed by Mr. Sam
uels and probabiy never will be. Mr.
Taylor temporarily suspended his pro
posed building operations and the market
men are in a quandary.
They met last night and discussed the
situation. Without coming to any for
mal agreement the almost unanimous
sentiment was in favor of removal to
Powell street, whether or not the nego
tiations pending between Messrs. Samuels
and Sullivan were consummated. A spe
cial committee, consisting of Messrs. Cut
ten, Miller, Vermeil and Stephens, was
appointed to watch the course of events
und to take such action as should be
deemed desirable in the interest of the
market men.
The precise reason, why the lease be
tween Messrs. Samuels and Sullivan has
not been signed as was onpinaily ex
pected can not be ascertained, since the
principals upon this point maintain a dis
creet silence. It has been suggested, how
eve r , that the proprietor of the Lace House
insisted upon the expenditure of a sum In
the improvement of the building greater
than the owners would assent to. Be this
I as it may, the market men, who have been
] disturbed in their tenuntcy upon several
previous occasions, are begin nine to grow
I tired uf their old location and have now
virtually made up their minds to so, in
any event, to Powell street. Mr. Toy is
willing to give them a ten-year lease, and
as they now hole 1 only from month to
month, the opinion prevails that their
business interests would be best subserved
by removal to the new and more desirable
location on Powell street.
Mr. and Mrs. frank kbade of Kendall
ville, Ind., are the smallest people in the
State. They are both under '6 feet in
height.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
!>UMMABI OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Wheat Freights firm.
Oats continue to improve.
Rye and Buckwheat dull.
Beans lower and neglected.
■ some change in -Bran.
Hay rather weak.
Potatoes steady. Onions firm.
Butter and Eggs unchanged. ■
Cheese still weaker
Two curs Eastern Poultry In.
\ tgetab ea weak.
Cherries firm. Other fruits steady.
Oranges weak. Limes higher.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides. Hops nna Wool as before.
Grain Bags steady.
Canned Fruit unchanged.
CoiTee quiet.
Beef firm. Mutton higher.
PUBLIC MONET IX SAX FRANCISCO.
C. i*. Berry, Assistant Treasurer United States a:
San Francisco, reports . cash on band May 31.
896, as follows:
United States notes $1,248,129 00
Treasury notes 1890 691. -us no
National notes., .0.8.™ 00
Gold certificates _ 5.'. 1 ,*? 00 ' 1
Stiver certificates 2,b54,29S 00
Gold COUI 1i>.414.43«0.)
standard silver dollars 26 *2 S £'£5i 00
Subsidiary silver coin 50n., .« 10
Mi nor coin 8,120 7
• lotlll $42,835,450 83
Shipments Of silver coin from the same office in
the moot of Ma-, 1896, were as follows: Stan
dard sliver dollars, SI 01, 000; subsidiary silver,
851.250; total, «16V, -'.'.<•.
rrxplanatlon.
Tn« arrow flits with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temppratur- far the
Jays: tlio-e underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted slow in inches and hundredth*,
• urine the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soMd
lines, ronneoi points of equal air pressure; is ■>
therm«. or dotted lines, equal ,o;.- p-riiture. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by lair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is tmnally preceded
and accomp tied by cloudy weather and rams.
"Lows" usually first aupcr.r on the Washington
coast. \\h n the pressure is high in the interim
and low along the coas , and the b-oban extend
north and south alone :h- coa-t. rain is probable;
but wben 'h^ "l^.w" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south 01 <Jregon Is Improb
able. With a "his;h" in n». :■.. :y of id. mo, anJ
the pressure falling to the* a'.t'urnia coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
Will produce an opposite result.
WKATHKK BIRE.U KEPOKT.
I'SITKIi STATKS I'EI'ARTMENT OF AGKirrL
ti■re. Wkathkr BtrBKAO, san Francisco Juu
2, 1-PB. 5 P. m. — Weather conditions and general
'I he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.70. last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43
last season 29.71 : San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16 las. season 14.67; san Luis
Oblspo 17.70, last season 26.04: Los Angeles
9.. 5, last season 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20; unia .88. last season 3.01.
1 lie following maximum temperatures are re
ported irom stations in California to-day:
l-.ureka 58, Red !'.'.nff 5 ; , Sin Francisco 56,
Fresno 76, San I.vis ()bisi>o 66, Los Angeles 70,
,-iiTi i>iei;o 62, Yum» 102.
'an Francisco data— temperature 56,
mitiimUiii 49. mean .V.'.
The pressure is highest this evening along the
i i:<>rnia coast, and lowest from Arizona north
eastward to Montana. Unusually cool weather
prevails in the interior of California and Ne
vada, where ill te- perature Is Irom 15 to .0
decrees teluw the normal. Ii will probab'.y grow
warmer In California Wednesday, whicn will be
accompanied by clearing skies.
Forcast made at Ban Francisco for thirty hours,
ending midnight. Tuesday, June 3, 1896.
Nor bern California— Fair; warmer In the in
terior of the northern portion Wednesday: high
nor. hwest winds along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; brisk
westerly shlulnir to northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednes lay.
Utah — Fair in the south portion; showers and
thunder-storms in north portion; much cooler
Wednesday.
Arlzoua— Fair Wednesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— High westerly winds.
W. li. Hammon, Forecast OfliciaL
XKW YOKK MAKKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., June 2.— Stocks were dull
again to-day, but th» tendency was downward.
'. London, which gave the local market quite a little
support yesterday, turned up as a seller of St.
Paul and Louisville and other specialties. The
strength of the radical sllverUes and the chances
of an cany passage Of the But er ami-bond bill by
. tbe senate disturbed the foreigners, and for
these reasons they were disposed to reduce
their holdings of American securities. Inci
oentallv the further reduction of 1/8 C P er pound in
refined sugar and the veto of the so-called Whit
jiey bill by tbe Governor of Massachusetts cod
■ tributed to me depression.
.• reduction in the posted rate for demand bills
to $4 89, am! liberal offerings of acceptances down
against securities recently sold abroad, which
ought to stop gold shipments for a time at least,
were ignored. German bankers, who evidently
have unfilled orders for Russian account, advanced
.their price 1-32 of 1 per cent, but local bankers
are of the opinion that the shipments in the near
future will be light. Some 01 them assert that
gold cannot be shipped at a profit even at the ad
. vance offered by the Berlin financiers. The sell
ing of stocks for London was taken advantage of
by the room traders and the bears generally and
the active list recorded declines of V4@lVi per
cent.
Sugar, the industrials grangers and Tennes
see coal all were prominent. Leather preferred
first dropped to 63 on reports that the dividends
would be passed, but later oa when v was an
nounced that tlie' management had decided 10
distribute 1 per cent on July 1, the stock jumped
to 643/». Buy State i.a» broke from 29Vi» to 231/4.
■ he market closed weak at about the lowest point
of tbe day. Net changes show losses of Vi@iy 2
percent. Bay State- Gas, however, lost 114. Local
anj( s were 107,000 shares.
• Bonns were quiet and weak; sales were s793,ooo.
Atchisoii adjustment lours fell 1 to 41; Louisville,
Evansville and St. Louis, consolidated fives, cer
tificates, •£ to 31: Oregon Improvement, first s'xes,
1% to ><8; Wabash, seconds, 1 to 73y 2 ; Western
•.New York and Pennsylvania, income rives, 1 to
16. and Wisconsin central, rives certifl:ates, IVi
to3sVi.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, weak: Winter wheat, low grades,.
$1 70: flo fair to fancy, $2 40; do patents, $3 70:
Minnesota clear, $2 45: do siraits, $2 95; no
patents, $3 45; low extras, $1 70: city mills,
OH 05: do 'patents, $4 JO: rye mixture, $2 50;
erriiie, $1 95: fine, $1 70. southern flour, dull.
easy: common to fair extra, $2 20; good do, $2 80
-l!ye flour dull: easy; $2 40.
CORNMEAL-Qulet, steady: yellow Western,
5-2 05: Brandywine, *2 15.
RYE— Nominal; suite, 44 1 -oc. .V -'-■■■;
BARLEY— Ungraded Western. 38@41c. "
BAULKY MALI -Quiet: Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT — Dull, firmer: f. o. b., 72c to arrive:
'•ungru'ted red, j>73c; No. 1 Nortnern. 66Vic to
arrive.
. Options opened weak and declined %@IVsC on
lower cables, fine crop weather: good selling, weak
West and free liquidation; rallied %@li/ 8 c on
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wnfcELocK & co.i
•4 Leidesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICK
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
J. S. PURDV, Maiiagt-r.
Orders instantly executed on late*: market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
lo -al covering: closed steady, lc decline, with
peculation more active. June, 633/ e; July.
,;:<■ 4 ,- : August, 62% c; September, 62% c; Decem
ber, t>43,ic , * •
CORN— DuII, firm; No. 2, 3314 c, elevator; 34V4C
;il!'^at.
lons opened weak and closed firm at i^@i/ic
advance. following the West and on local covering
with trading fair; September and July most ac-
IveJnne, 331,4 c: July, 34c; August, 36V^c; ,-ep
lemter, 35c; Ocl >ber, 35% c.
OATS— Fairly active: steady.
Options dull, unchanged. June and July, 22' jc
Si.ot prices: No. 2, 22% c: No. 2 white, V4i.4@
24 Vic: No. 2 Chicago. 23Y2@235/ 8 c; No. 3. 21V»c;
No. 3 white, 23Vic: mixed Westurn, 23(^24c.
i i. I.I) BRAN 55@60c
M IDDLIN US— 6o@6sc.
i:YE-ieed,6oc.
Frovisionn.
BEEF— Quiet, easy; extra mess. $6@7: beef
hams, dull, $14 60: tierced oeef, firm, mod
erate demand: city extra India mess. $11@:2;
rut meats, slow, easy: pickled bellies, 18 pounds,
4J/3C: rto .shoulders, 414 c: do hams, B9B>
i.Aßl>— Dull, firmer. Western steam, $4 37%;
city. $4; July. $4 45; Heiin-il, dull steady; conti
nent. $4 65; South American, $5 15:, compound,
■ ■"»•■■
i;VTTER— Fair demand, steady; State dalrv,
I .ti.'n-; do creamery. 3i@il.W2C; Western dairy,
► Otlllc; do creamery", tl@lb^: do factory, 8(0!
!(»i..,c; Kleins, 16i^C: imitation creamery; 10®
: -c.
CHEESE— Quiet: State large, new, sV2©B%c;
ilo small, new, 4@7yic: part skims, 2((ii».-r:
IHI 1 skims, iy>@2c.
EGOS -Firm, fair demand: State and Pennsyl
vania, 12y e @i3c; Western fresh, Iiy 3 @12y 3 c;do,
per case, $2@3.
TAbLOW- Dull, nominal.
COTTONSEED Quiet, easy; crude, 19c:
yellow prime, 24c; do off grades, 24c.
RESlN— Quiet, weak; strained, common to
good, $1 80.
TUKPEXTIXE— DuII, weak: 253 / 4,&2614 c.
POTATOES— New. firm, good demand.
RlCE— Domestic fair to extra, 3igls»ic; Japan,
4@4y 4 c
MOLABSES— Steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, pood to choice," 27@37c.
COFFEE— steady. o@iO points up; Septem
ber, $10 6C@lO 70: October, $10 30: DecemDer,
$10 16310 M): January, $10 10; March, $10 05.
spot Rio, dull, : No. 7, 1314 c
SUGAR— Raw. dull, steady; fair refining, 36/sc;
centrifugals. 96 test, 3"/ 8 c: mold A. 5 1.41 ■; stand
ard A, 6c: confectioners' a, 4%c; cut loaf
ana crushed. 55 ;*■-■: powdered, 6 1-16 C; granu
lated, 6c; cubes, '6Vic.
Fruit and Produce.
ALMOND?— Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags, 5i., (0.10c.
PEACHES— Peeled, %* to, 12@13c: do unpesled.
s%®Bc.
PRUNES— 4c.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose Muscatel. 3@3Vic;
do threp-erowu, 4@4VgC: do four-crown, 4' a 4tsc;
do London layers, 90c(<£$i.
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 2y 3 rd>
8c: Pacific Coast. 2io,'<S2%c
WOOL— Quie:, steady; uomestic fleece, 15@21c;
pulled, 16(&3iJc; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
810 75®13.
COPPER— firm: lake. $11 45@11 75.
LEAL)— lnactive; domestic. S3@3 OL'y 2 .
1 IN -Dull, easy: straits. »13 45(^13 55.
Pl.ATES— Quiet
BPKLTEK— Firm: domestic, $4 05.
Chicago Markt'ts.
CHICAGO, lix., June — The weakness of yes
t- rday was continued into the market for wheat
this morning and shortly after fhe opening another
cent loss was record.-d. After that he snorts,
growing tired of selling, concluded to cover; their
buying- caused a rally to about yesterday's closing
figures. The action of the market was largely a
matter of sentiment, without regard to questions
of n«w.« or statistics. The bulls contemplate the
situation with discouragement, while the bears in
the exhilaration of success predict yellower prices.
The weather through the West was good. Liver
! pool cames were Id lower. Receipts In the North
west were 666 cars, against 514 last Tuesday and
384 a year ago. Chicago received 48 cars and in
spected out 30,427 bushels. A firmer tone devel
oped later in the session, Bradstreet's report of
3.704.000 bushels decrease in the world's available
supply aiding in preserving the better feeling.
Export clearances at Atlantic ports aggregated
494,915 bushels. Closing Continental cables were
generally lower. July wheat opened from 56VgC
to 55 %c. sold between 553. B and .')6 :! 4 c-, closing at
56% c, Vfe@>Vs c higher than yesterday, .ustimated
receipts for to-morrow, 10 cars.
CO..N — The corn market (depended mostly on
wheat for direction, but at the same lime was not
assisted by the ■ ills, which were 1115 cars.
The opinion that farmers are being forced into
shijipitg their corn by importunate creditors has
many udberenta, ho express the belief that from
row on he movement will be something unprece
dented. Withdrawals fro 11 store were 162,000
bushels. Liverpool cables were steady. Bra»i
-s net's gave an increase in stocks of 815,000
bushels. Export clearances were 460,625 bushels.
July com opened at 27^sc sold between 27c and
27% C, closing, at thy outside, Vie higher than
y — ; .-play. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 325
cars.
OATS— Were in much the same position as corn,
both as regards sympathy with wheat and on their
Independent merit. The reci ipts were 972 cars
and 30.600 bushels were taken from store. Ex
port clearances amounted to 315,138 bushels.
Bradstreet's save an increase in stocks of 159.000
bushels. July oats closed ystgtV^c higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 276
cars. •
II. AX- Was weak and lower. Cash, 79Vi©80c;
July,. 78c, nominal; September, 80@,82c Re
ceipts, 80 cars.
l KuVISIOXs— The receipts of hogs to-day fell
50 per cent short of the estimate. The yards
market was h gher in recognition of the shortage
and product was influenced for good by the fact.
1 li- strength was not permanent, however, prices
soon receding on moderate offerings.. When
wheat elected to advance product sympathized to
sume ex eat. The close was 17 V^c hieher than
yesterday for July pork, 6c higher for July lard
and 7 l /2 higher for July ribs.
JICI lER— The butter market was steady to
day. A cood business was transacted with condi
tions practically the same as heretofore reported,
Prices unchanged. Creameries— Extras, 16c; firsts,
14(314i,4c; seconds. 10@13c: imitations, fancy,
ll@l3c. Dairies— Extras, 12%@13c: firsts. 10rg»
lie: seconds. Be. Ladles— Extras, t<tg,lUc; firsts.
Mft-> Vac; packing stock, 7c.
JiUiis— Receipts were moderate. Fresh stock,
iti(g.ioi gc ft dozen.t&tSiMPKp
MONEY— Was b% on call and 6<57% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at Bt)c premium.
(lotting Prices.
WHKAT— 66% c ;. July. 865/ g c; Bep
ember, 57 Vie
CORN— Juue. 27c; July, 2734 c; September,
28% c.
L.ATS— JuIy. 17% c: September, 18VB@18Vic.
PORK— July. S7o-'V,; September,. $7 rift.
.LARJU— JuIy, »4 17%; September, R4 30.
lUUS— JuIy, $3 72y 2 ; September, $3 8ay 3 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lix., June 2.-The
offerings of cattle to-day were moderate. The de
mand was slow and the feeling easy. The receipts
of hogs were light, and for that reason a firmer
feeling prevailed. Prices were from a shade to 10c
belter, Sheep were firm. The run was fair, but a
strong demand a as need.
CATTLE — Receipts. 4000. Fancy beeves.
if 4 'M is. 4 35; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. ?4'a.i 20-. good to choice steers. 1200
10 1600 pounds. S3 75'a.4 00: medium steers, 1000
to i 6 JO pounds. $.-; 60&3 70: common to fair steers.
950 10 1400 pounds. S3 BMt3 55: choice feeders. I
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 90; common to choice j
mockers. $2 80@3 50; bulls. cnuice to .
extra. *2 90@3 25: bulls, poor to cnolce. 92 00@
'i 75; cows and heifers, extra. $3 60@3 95: cows.
fair to choice, (2 4U(ct,H 50: cows, common to fair,
$1 60(0,2 35: calves, good to choice. 94 60(<4
5 20: calves, common to good. $3 25®4 6'i; Texas
grass steers, $2 65(53 30: Texas fed steers. 83 10
($3 95: Texas cows and bulls. $2 30(<u3 25: milkers
ana springers, per head, $20(a3G.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 Pi>(<s3 20: common to choice
n;i.v.-d, S3 00(a-3 30; choice assorted. *3 30®
8 .0: light, $3 10&3 40; nins. $2 50&3 40.
■SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000. Interior u> cnolca,
53 40*3 £.0; Units, *3 50u.t> 16.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, liv, June 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day,
realizing prices as follows: Cherried— Black Tar
tarian, $1 -5(g,l 60; Bi«arreau,sl 20fd*l 50; Cleve
land. $1 40.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
'lay California fruit at the following, prices:
Cherries— Napoleons, $2 30: Clevelands $2 10;
Rockports, $2 10: Governor Woods, $170; Tar
tarians, $1 25(&1 60.
NEW Vor.k,.N.V., June 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day,
at the following prices: Cn' rries— Black Tartarian,
*i'<s: 65; Bigarreau, $I@l 65 ; Centennial, sl 05f<$
140; May Duke, Hoc. Apricots— Seedling, $1 10
(ai- 25: Frlngle, 65c(a,95 per single crate.
j'orit-r Brothers Company sold at open auction
to-day .California fruit at the following prices:
Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 BBA2 15; KockpOltS,
$1 liO&l 50: Tartarians, 50c(d$l 50; Black. Ssc
@1 25; Republicans, $1 05@l 10; Oxlit-arts. $1 20;
I'nriy, .$1 05; Bigarreaus, 96c@$l 05; mixed,
SI 50. Apricots— Seedlings, $1 3u@2 35; Royals,
$1 45@2 20; l'rincles. $1 15; 3 ewcastlcs. 55c.
Plums— Clyman; 60c<a>$2; ( b-rrys, 90c@$l 30.
• BOSTON', Mass., June 2.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California I fruits
as follows: Cherries— Oxbearts, $1 55: Tartarian s.
(1 12V a @i 50: Rockports. $1 30: Assorted, $1 25;
Bigarreaus, $1 18. Plums— Purple Duanes, $1 25;
gross sale of 987 packages $1292 76.
The Karl bruit Company sold California fruit at
open auction to-day at the following prices: Cher
ries-Black Tartarian, $) •-.{):■! 1 50; Bigarreau,
$1 20fd;l 50; assorted, .*. .so por box; Governor
Wood, $1 25; Elton, $1 10.
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bond*, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1 %@S^; last loan at '£%
and closing offered at 2%.' Prime mercantile paper.
4Vs@s%. Bar sliver, 681/ic. Mexican dollars, 53 Vi
fc6t'.4C Sterling Exchange easy and quiet, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S7l 4 rdjl 871/2
for sixty days and; $4 Bs*,«<fo'4 88V2 tor demand!
Posted r»it«-n. $4 %Wq>i 89 - Commercial bills,
$4 86Vi(Si4 8l>»/i. Government bonds steady; State
bonds lower: railroad bonds steady. Silver at the
board was active.
■ CLOSING stocks.
Am Tel <fc Cable.... 92 Norfolk A Westrn. 13, i
Atcbison .. 14Va; Preferred loy 2
Preferred...'...... 21!% Northern Pacific. 4i£
Adams Express... .lso |" Preferred. ...,15V«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
Alton, Terre Haute 58 Northwestern. .....lol
American Expressll4 Preferred. ...... ..148V,
American Tobacco. 651 /B X.Y. Central 9« "■•■ ■
Preferred ....... 95 N.Y.,ChicaEO»fe-.L. , 12Vs
Bay State Ga5....".. 24^ ' Ist preferred '76
Baltimore* Ohio.. 175/ 8■"8 ■" '.'d preferred. .....' 30
Brunswick Lands.. yy 2 N. Y.&N.U.. 1751/2
huffato, Koch P. 1M/ 2 :N. Y. & New Eng. 45
Canada Pacific... 61iy4iN. V.. Susq <fc W... >-y2y 2
Canada southern.. 50 : Preferred .. 23Va
Canton Land........ 60% Ontario 13
Central. Pacific '. 14 Ontario & Western 14
dies. A Ohio Oregon Improvmnt 1'
Chicago Alton 167% j Preferred — —
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. it Q.... 77 Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicago* E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail ........ 25i/ 4
Preferred.... .... 97 Peoria,D.«fe Evans 'i ~
ChlcagoCias '6794 Pittshur,- * W. pfd 15
Cleve.t Pittsbnrg.,l63 [Pull man Palace 158
Consolidation C0a1. . 32 Quicksilver....'..... 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .155 '■ Preferred . ..... 14
C. c. c. <v st. Louis 33 Vi Reading 9%
_ Preferred..... 80 KioGrande&Westn 15 .
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 27 1 Preferred 40 :
Preferred 100 Kock 151 and........ 6914
Cotton Oil Cert . . . . 1 1% Rome Wat&Ogden. 44V->
Commercial Cable. 150 '.St. L. AS. W 41/3
Del. Hudson... 124% Preferred.... . 10
Del.Lack&\Vestrn.l6l St. Paul :. 763/
Denver* R. G 12*4] Preferred.. .......127V4
Preferred.. - 473/, St. Paul A Duluth. 23
Eistlllers 171/4, Prelerred 85
General Electric... 33i st. Paul & Omaha. 42%
Erie I^. Preferred 123
Preferred : 6i*st. P. M. & M.. :... ll a
lon Wayne It 3 vjjf>llver Certificates. CS'-y t
(, rent Northern pfd 118 Southern Pacific... 19
Green Bay . % Southern R.R.:... H3^
Harlem. 296 Preferred......... 2»y±
Hocklns Coal 2ViSu«ar Refinery ....122y 2
Hocking Valley — 16 Preferred 10;<3, 4
Homestake. 32 Term. Coal A Iron. 26y a
11. & Texas Cent... . Preferred... 100
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific 8
lowa Central 8 Tol.A.A.<fc N.Mich.
Preferred. ........ 32 Vi> To!. & Ohio Cent. . . 32
Kansas* Texas... 11*4 Preferred 70
Preferred 246/ B Tol.SuLouis* K.C. 5
Kingston* Pern... 3 i Preferred . 5
Lake Erie * Westn 173^ Union Pacific 7y 8
Preferred 70V* U. P. Deu * Gulf.. 3
Lake snore 149% '(.'. S. Cordage. 5
National Lead 243,, Preferred 10
Preferred SSfyg Guaranteed 20
Long 151 and....... 79 U. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nosh. 491/4 C. S. Leather 8%
Louisville. Na&Ch 9 Preferred 636/g
Preferred 20 U. S. Rubber. . . 'JIV2
M anna; tan Consol.lo2Vi Preferred SO 1 /*
Memphis & Charls. 16 Utica*B. River. .lso
Mexican Central... 93/ 4 Wab. te. L. & Pac. 634
Michigan Central.. 9B i Preferred IC%
Minn AS. L. Wells- Fargo... 97
Preferred | Western Union .. 845/ 8
Minn & St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling AL. E.. 9y a
preferred 46 < Preferred 34
Missouri Pacific.. 24 Am Co. ton Oil pfd. 543,4
Mobile* 0hi0..... 19l/ 2 W. V. Beef ........ 7%
Nashville* Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 9
National linseed.. 15 I Preferred 24
N. J. Central 104 Brooklyn Traction. 23%
North American... 6 Erie 2d pfd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 4s, registered. lo734 M X T 2ds 68
Do coupon 1091/1 Do 4s - 83Vi
C S4s new, regstrdll63/s'Mutual Union 65... 4
Do 4s. coupon lltU/i N J Cent Gen 55...119 Vi
Do 'Js 94Va Northern Pac lsts.H73/ 8
Do 5 s 112% Do 2 d s 1 1 4 V 3V 3
coupon. . 112% DoSds 72
Cherokee 4s, 3896.100 Northwest Consols.l3BiA
Do 1897 10J Do deb 6s 105
Do 1898 10J OR & N 15t5.......H0
Do 1839 100 StL&lronMtOen 78
Pacific -is of '95 Jst Li 8 F Gen 112%
DC 3-65s 109V 4 St Paul Consols. .131 V 2
Ala Class A4s 107 St PC& Pa lsts...Hß
Do Class B 4, 55.. 106 Do Pac Cal lsta..lll
La Cdusol 4s 98 Southern R R 55. .. 93
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsis; 88
N Carolina con 83..121 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 21%
Do 45.. 105 Union Pac lsts '86-103V 3
So Carolina 41^8... 106 West Shore 4s 106%
Term new 3s 84 Mobile* Ohio 45... 65V-j
Va funding debt... 60 Va R Grande West lsis 76
Do registered Che.s A O.iio 5s 107 Vi
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchlsou 4s 7Hi/ 2
Do trust rcpts st. « -Do 2ds A 41
Canada South 2ds.. 104% G II A S A Cs .. ..105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.102 1 I>o2d7s 98
Den&P.G Ist, 1 10i/ 8118 II A Tex Cent 65. .109
Do 4s 91v4| Do con 6-1 100
Erie 66 .Reading 4s 79Vi
Kansas Pa Consols 72 Missouri 6s 90
K.s Pa lsts Den dlvll 11,4!
FOKEIGX MARKETS.
•WHSAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eso, June The spot market
is quiet et6s 3i/ 2 @:s 4y 2 d. Cargoes dull and
weak at '_'6s Od sellers, on passage.
FUTURKS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s llVid; July, 4s liyid: August. 4s llVid; Sep
tember, 4s Ili4d: October, 4s Hi id.
SECCRITIEB.
LONDON, Eno.. Julie 2.— Consols, 113 3-16;
silver, 31 3-16 d; French Rentes, lOlf 50c.
KXCEANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • $4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — lUi'ii
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight.. : — rjij>
New 'i ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, "# ounce — 68Vi
Mexican Dollars 54V& 643/*
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm, a ship having
been chartered for August loading at 27s Bd.
Charter, 11,-, however, is slow. l'be chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 19,700,
against 60,200 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 72.700 tons, against 10,000; on the
way to 1 his port. 223,300 tons, against 306,300.
WHEAT— The market continues lifeless as far
as shipping wheat is concerned, there being no de
mand for it. Choice milling still sells well. Futures
are rather steady a^ain. No. 1, $1 02y 2 (3>l O.^ 4 ;
choice, $1 05^ ell; lower grades, $1; extra choico
for milllnK. «1 10@l 17y 2 3 ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock— December— loo
tons, 98c; iOO, 98y 8 c: 1100, 98 V*'.'.
KEHitiiAß MoßNisn -»siiin- December— loo
tons, 98«/ 8 c; 500, 9h3 /4 c: 1000, 98% c, 300, 99c
Seller '90, Dew, storage uald— loo, 96c: 100. 9b'y c.
Aitkrsoox .^esssion— Ifecemuer— l7oo tons,
99-; 800, 98% c.
BARLEY— The market continues very dull.
Feed. 70@>71Vic "$ cU; choice, 72y 2 c; Brewing,
77V*@85c:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
F.eoulab Mokninq SESSlON— Uecember— loo
ton«, 71134 c, 100, 70% c; 200. 71V4C.
Afteknoon Session — December— loo tons,
71% c: 400, 713/ c; 1400, 711,4 c.
OATS — Quotations continue to advance slowly
and the market is very firm. Milline are quotable
at bs@B7y2C V ctl: fancy Feed, 87V2@- l --ii 1 /2 CU;
good to choice, SiiVaf&STi/feo; common to lair, 75®
80c; Gray, 8O@85c; surprise, 9l'i^c(§»sl "«* ell.
I iCORN— DuI. with large stock*. Large Yellow,
87y 2 (<t9oc %»ctl; Small Round do, 97y 2 c; White,
80@M5c ■§ ctl.
RYE— Quiet, as usual, at 75@77ViC V ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9OCS ctL,
FLOUR A.M) MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 ¥ bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3.
, CORNMEAL, ETC. - Feed Corn, 19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 %* ton.
MILL-STUFFS— Prices in 10-ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c: Rye Flour, 3yic; Rice Flour, 7y 2 c; Corn
meal, 234@3c; extra cream do, 3!/2c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats, 4^ac; Hominy, 4fr4i/ic: Buck
niieat Flour, 4c; Cracked heat, 3V^c; Farina,
4y 2 c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Holled oats, 4iAc;
Pearl Barley, 4Vjc; Split Peas, 43,ic; Green do,
5y A c^lb. • •
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN— Is now quoted at 515@16 ~$ ton.
MIDi)LIN<»S-*l6 50®17 5o 1> ton for lower
grH'l. s and $18@>19 > tou for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; jobbing, $21 :
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 ft ton.
HAY— The market is rather weak than other
wise. New Alfalfa brought $4; New Wheat and
Oat $7@B 50; Old Wheat, $B@ll ft ton: Oat, l{7(a
9: -Wheat and oat, $*;@11: Barley, $7(<dß 50: Al
falfa, $7@9; Clover, .tu(n7 50; Compressed Oat,
$6 6o@B-, Compressed heat, $7@lo 50; Slock,
$b@<7 |<e.r ton. -
sTRAW-30@50c ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Lower prices are quoted and the
market Is distress- d and neglected. Kayos
auotable at 90c@$l V ctl; small Whites,
$1 25@135 ctl: Pea, $1 20@l 30 V ctl:
Large Whites, 90c@fl ? ctl; Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
$1 25; Black eye, ?1 75; Red Kidney,, nominal:
Limns, $2 "idfa'J 70: Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small
and $1 26@1 60 for large.
M-.Klis^ Mustard is quotable at $1 s(!@
225 't* ctl: Trieste, $2@2 (i "t ctl: Yellow Mti.v
tard, #1 40@l 60: Flax, *1 70@l 80; Canary. 23 /4 c
f tt,; Alia.fa, 7y 2 @9y 2 * Ib; Ripe, 2Vjbfilti:
Hemp, 31/JjC "$ lb.
DIUED PEAS-f 1 25@1 40 V Ctl for Niles and
$1 2.V0,l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes in sacks, 76c@.?1;
new Early Rose in boxes from the River, * I@l --'6:
new Garnet Chiles, $1 15(^.1 20; N<w Bnrbank
Seedlings, $1 50: Oregon ,'iurbanks, 60@80c ,-• ctl:
Early hose, iiO(a/7hc: Petaluma and Tomalea, 00@
70c t 1 Ctl! iituubolot rbank.s. 65(g170c %* ctl.
UN lONS— steady at ;<o(a.37'/2C %l ctl. ■ - -,
l.Ci; I AHl.i S— Arri\;^!s : were 741 boxes As
paraKtis, 74 boxes Rhubarb and 390 sacks Peas.
Tomatoes are lower and the other descriptions
are generally weak; . -:
; Alameda .Summer Squash. 7c; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash. 7.V(jj?l V box; Hue Plant, 12 Vic 3* tb;
Los A iiß.'les Tomatoes, *1 £o@2 "$ box: (.ucurn
bere, 50c@l dozen: Asparagus, 40c@$l %* box
for ordinary and 81 25<&1 76 ;or extra; Rhubarb,
75((ai$l 25: : Dried I'eppers, 7@!ic; Green Peppers,
lUf&l-iVic V tb. I Green Peas, 50@75c "ft sack for
i-oiiiiiK ii mid $1 for Garden; Miring : Reana, 4<&sc
"£* It, lor Los Angeles and t>fafßc f* fb for Winters;
worse Beans, 4()Ca;soc "jS sack; Dried ukra, 12y 2 c;
Cabbage, 4b@500 %i Ml ; Garlic, 4@sc V Ib.
BUTTKK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Cheap grades are easy, but fancy
Buuer Is linn.
Cbeamkry— 14@14y a c. seconds, 13@
18%0 V tb.
DAiRY-Fancy, 13c; good to choice. 12@12y 2 c;
lower grades, lifoUiy 2 c.
' CHEESE— Prices continue to shad" off. Fancy
mild new, 6y 2 (a70; common to good, 6@6c tt>:
Cream Cheddar. 9c- • You 11a; : America, -7@Bc %4 Ib;
Western, 10@llc; Eastern, 12@12y 2 c.'
. eggs— Tlie situation is nnc'.iaiued.- Eastern
Eggs, ll@12c: store r ggs, 1 1 ©lli/ic: ranch Eggs,
12y 2 @l4c; Duck EKgs,"l4@lJ)C $ UO2. --■-. ■:. .
rOI'LTKV AND GAME.
POULTRY"— Two cars Eastern came in and sales
were made at $5 50@6forHeus aud $4 50@5 for
old Roosters.
• Local stock was dull and weak. Live Turkeys
are quotable at 12i'..@. 4c tb for Gobblers, 11®
c for Iff ns: Geese, "f, pair, $I@l 2.V. Duck-,
$:->((! 4 for ola and .f-Kaifi for vonng; Hens, $3 50®
$4 50: Boosters, young, $7@3: do, o.d, ?4@t 50;
Fryers. $5 5006: Broilers, $4(55 for l«rg- and *2
@3 for small Pigeons, $1 25(a.l 50 ?. doz for
young use old.
GAME— Is not quotable. '»,",'.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
2670 boxes, selling at 60(g>76c-for White; 40@75c
IS box for Black, and , 85i^$1 for Royal Anne.
Cherries 111 hulk, s<gi7c t for White, s@7c for
Black ami B@9c. lor Koval Amies.
. Peaches. .$. 25 $ box": Wrapped Peaches, $1 75.
Cherry P.uins, 5t @75c r box.
Cl> mer Plijii lS • se.l slowly at . 51 25 ? crate.
They have been hurt by halls. orms. and lueir ap
pearance is accordingly against, them.
Green Apples,
Green Pears. 40(d150c ¥* box.
rigs from Yuma. neglected and nominal.
Pringle Apricots sold at 50(g)75c %» box. 400
boxes coming in; Royals were hard to sell at $1@
1£ 5 f box, being green ami had. . • "
BERRIKS— Receipts of Strawberries were 290
chests, selling at $8(all 14 chest for Longworths
and $5@7 for large berries. : •
Gooseberries, 303360 V drawer and H/2@2c V Ib
In bulk for small, and 25@30c fi drawer, and i!@
2y 2 c^lbinbulkforlart ;
Raspberries, 50@75c $ drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $1,25 | crate.
No Blackberries from .-outheru California.
Cnrrauts. $3®5 %i chest for good to choice. ■•,;? -.•
CITRUS Flu I■] s— Oranges are quiet. Lemons
are. not as firm. Limes are higher an ' scarce.
Orances, 75c@.$l 60 for Seedlings, $3@4 lor
Navels, $1 50@2 50 for Malta Bloods and *1 25fd)
15 , * or Meaiterraneaa sweets; Lemons, 75c@
$150 for common and $2&3 tor good to choice.;
Mexican Limes, $6@7; California Limes, $1 %\ bx;
Bananas, $l@ii '$ bunch: Pineapples, $3@6 '■p
dozen.
I>KIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, KTC.
DRIED FRUITS— Peaches and Raisins continue
in demand. Prunes and Apricots are dull. Nuts
and honey are nominal. The following prices rule
on the Fruit Exchange:
Cabload Lots— Apples, l%@2c f, lb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4y 2 c for evaparated ;
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, by ©
8c for prime, to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@.llc "£
It) for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2V c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c f, lb
for evaporated halve*, 3y 2 @6c %< ib for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3i/ic; Plums, 3y 2 cf* Ib for pitted 'and
lV2©2c for unfitted; Nectarines, 3ya(Ssc %* lb for
prim.- to choice, and 5%c for fancy.
JOBBING Pbicts— Evaporated Apples. 4@4VaC
f* tb: sun-dried, lAfe&Sc: Peaches, 3y 2 @sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes, 121/bc $ Ib; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5@5V 2 c for 40@50's aud 4i/2@sc for
50@60's; Apricots, 6%'a9c (or prime to choice,
lOigjll for fancy Moorpark: Fißs. black, 3yjc;
White tigs, B®6c: Pears, 8c iB tb for evaporated
halves nnd 4@7y 2 c forquaiters; Plums, SV>@4c
lor pitted and lfgili/jc foruupitteU: Nectarines,
4(g,5c '? Ib for prime to choice.
RA ISiNS AND DRIKD GRAPES-Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3%c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2y 2 c %4 lb; . seedless Sultanas, 3y..@33/ic; seedlefs
Muscatels, 2Vo@-j%c; 3-crown Loutlon layers. 70(
%i box; clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters,
»2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
Grapes, %< Ib. , ■ .
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, ;-;i^@4c; 3
crown, 3i/ 4 Ib; 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seeu.«ss ~ul
tanas, 4c %* It.; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@900; clusters, $1 60(gil 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 bo; Imperial clusters, $2 76;
Dried Grapes, .
NL' Is— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc 'p tb
for No. 1 hard and 13@13c * Ibfor paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, f@7 1,2 cl ,2 c 9tb for Langne
doc and BJ,' 2 @loc lor paptT-'slii 11. jobbing; Pea
nuts, 5 y 2 ®(C lor Eastern and 4y 2 (s6Vfec for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nu;s. s@6c; Fte«tis, 6c for rough
and 80 for pollsned; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
S@lot:'s tb: Cocoanuts, $4 50@6 "f 100.
llONE\— ComblsquotatileuilO@l2c %i tb for
bright ana B@9c ft Ib lor lower grades; water
white extracted, 5(<J5 1 /^c 1$ tb: lighl limber ex
tracted. 4V4@4 ;i <l : dark amber, 4i-; dark,,l@3c
BEESWAX— aa(fl).7J/ic * Ib. '
l'KO\ ISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Dull and unchanged. Bacon,
6c t 1 Ib for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c 'ft Ib for
light, 10c for extra liebt and 12c %* &> for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Ham-, ll\%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c ft tb. Mess Beef, $7 5O«58:
extra mess do, f 8 506b9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50@9: extra clear, $14 $ bbi;
me»s, .*1- >. bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c '?. tb.
LaßU— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V4C V Ib
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails. 7 1 , 21-;2 1 -;
California tierces, sVi<: tor compound 1 nd 6i/4' ; ' or
pure; half-bbls, 6V&s6&c; 10-lb tins, 7\i>:: do
5-tb, 7«i t* lb. ~ ...
CoT 'i"i.K.\ E— 6Vi@6y a c in tierces aud 7(573/ 8 c
* It. in 10-lbtius.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7< ft It; culls Hint brands, 6' V It. :
medium, 6c ft Ib ; culls and - brands, sc; light, 6c:
culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, s(ttsV 2 c ft lb: culls
and brands, -1..3 1 1 ._.!•; salted Kip, .'><■ ft lb; salted
Calf. 7c; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10c: culls
and brands, He ft Ib: dry Kip and Veal, S@»c:
culls. 7c; dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20<£/35c each; Kid, 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; me.iluni. 15(g.2ric; winter, 10(g-i5c; sheep
skins, shearlings. iOiai.V each: short wool, -\.(cj
3. each; medium. 40ig>50c each; long wools, 60c
each. Cmls of ail kind, about Vac torn
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3i4@>3Vac: No. 2.
3c; rt-fineJ, 5 1 /2<?-"> : !4' 1 : Ureas* , 21^' %* l£>- -
WOOJL No ln.provement to re- ort. Business is
still stagnant. \ ley > it-gon, 9(<sioy 2 c t lb do
lower grades. 8(0-9' -jc Ib; eSprlnif Nevada, 6(s9c;
Bun Joaquiu and *routhern Coast, six ii.u'nins, 4(o)6c;
Shu JiHKinin, loothlll, good to choice, 7(aßc, .->iui
.louqti.n. year's iipi 1. iVjf^Vic; northern free,
7(3i9c;do defective, 6®oi/^c ft lb.
'p. — Neglected ut the nominal quotations of
iy 2 @3c ftTb.
GtXKKAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain itaes, spot, -f 4 25; June-
July delivery, $4 87%; San Quentin, ft 20; Wool
Bags, 24Va@26y c.
■ COaL— Wellington,' f 8 fi ton; New Wellington,
$8 f. ton; South Held Wellington, $7 50 fi ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 60:
Wallsenu, *7 : Scotch, ■$7 50; Brymbo. $7 50;
Cumberland, *l]@ri In bulk and ,f 13.*14 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg;, $11 50: Welsh
Anthracite, $8; runnel, $7 50: Rock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
Can D FRUITS— New pac* of Cherries, black
or red— 3-Ib extra. $2 60 "$ dozen; 2i/ 2 -tt» stand
ards, $1 65@2: seconds, $1 55(4»1 85. \\ bite Cher
ries— 3- lb extra, .f :^@3 50; 2i,<»-tb standards, $1 QiX<s
2 25. Pearlies— Y.i low, free, gallO 1 pic. ,f'2(g)'l 50;
yellow clinic. 2-lt)2 -lt) standards, $1 2S@l 4«» sec
onds, $1 10@l 30; ' gallon pie, «.'f<B-_- 50: white
cling, 2','2-lt' slatularJ.H, $1 2.Val 45. Apricots—
2y 2 -Jb pie, 76083 c: gallon pie, *2(g2 25. . lirapes—
Gallon pie, f2ia» 2 25. Haspbrrnes— 2V«|-Ib stand
ards. $1 Hs(al 80; seconds, $1-3031 55. straw
berries—2',2-lb standards, $1 85@1 76; seconds,
$1 : <l(g,l So!
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c $
dozen. 2V2-tli tins. Peas, $I@l 26 c dozen.* '-.,' •".-•
coffee-
Costarica— l9@2oy 2 c for good to prime; 18®
19c. ior good mixed with black beans; 16%@
17 3 /ic for fair; 13Va@16VaC for common to 0.0.
-nary. " .
Salvador— lß<ai9Vic for good t 1 prime washed;
l?Vi@l 7 3 /ic fs for lair waslied : liJ^ t.Oc mr
good wiiEht-d mabtrry ; 17',h'a>l ~^s' »or superior
unwashed: 16%@16%c forwood green unwashed;
19@19VjiC for good to prime unwashed peab»Try.
(tUATKMALA and ii KXICAN— 20i 2 rg,2l V»c for
prime to . strict. y prime -washed; 1!)^4^...c for
good to strictly good washed: 17%@18%c for fair
washed; Itj@i7'4c for metlii<m; i4Vi(jy.l6%c f..r
ordinary; l'_(j»l4c for Inferior 10 ■ common; in \4@
21c for good to prime washeu peaberry ; liHg>l9V2^
for «;ood to prime unwashed peaberry.
FISH-I'iuinr Cod, caich ot 1a96: 1 00- Ib cases
quotable at 6c ft tb; 50-tb bundles, 5c "f. lb; Silver
King Strips, 8c f( tti: Narrow- 00, 7c %4 lb:
Tablets, 8c fl Ib; >«-ahriffui blocks, 7i/<jc; Pacific
Herring. 18c V box: Dutch do. *l(qtl 25 fi keg:
White Fi.sii. *1 M) mi hHlf-bbU and $175 Id kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bb'.s— Na 1, j
$80; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: haif-bbls— No. 1,
$12 50; No. I', $11: No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1.52:
No. V, $1 60: No. 3. $1 50.
" QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $3 @36
* flask. : .
OI L— < nlifornia Castor Oil, cases. 'No.' 1, 95c;
bbls, £0c % gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbis, boiled,. 4Bc: d" row, 46c; cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 65c:
No. 1, ir>.; cases, fie higher: China Nut, $4 60
$4 80 t c as.-. •
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— The Stan
dard Oil Company quotes as tollows: Water-white
Coal oil. in balk, l 2y 2 c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c;
Astral, d.>, 19c; star, do, 19c; Extra star oil, in
cases, 23c; Elaine, do, 24c: Eocene, do, 21c; '
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14c; do, In
Cases, "lvi/oc; 03" Deodorizci Naphtha, in bulk,
13c: 03° :lo" 111 cases. IS I /«'■; 86 Gasoline, in bulk,
20c; 86° do, in case*. 26c # sal.
WHITE \A:.:Y> Q.ioiutlat 6y 2 c % tb.
HE I) LEAD-Quoiable at 6y a c ~# tb.
TURPE.\TI.NE-Iu - cases, 42c; iron barrels,
37c; wooden barrels, 39c %* gnlion.
CANDLES Granite Candles, 6s, 16 cz, are I
quotable .it {"Vie: do, 14 oz, BV4c: do, 12 oz, 7%c:
d >. 10 oz, ..7c;. -Electric' Li«nt Candles, 6s, 1« or,,
8c: do. 14 oz, 7V4c; do, 12 oz, 6ygc;,. do, 10 oz,
6y 2 c; Paraillne Wax Canules, white, Is, 2a, 4s, 63
aii'i 12s. 14 oz, 9c ; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c.
LEA 1 HER— extra heavy Sole is quotable at
2Wg/-8c *$ Ib; heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2; medium Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c
ti tl> for No. 2. Light sole, 23@24c for No. 1 and
20<g,22c It. for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30(&35c:
do, medium, 28c: ■ do, light, 24(a»26c; Rough
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, *40@45 ft doz: Calf, 70®
90c; Rough splits, 4©r>c
;: SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quote*, terms net caib: a 1 übe, i'-rushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed; all 14c; Dry Granulated, o5/ 8 •;
Confectioners' A, 5y 22 1 -': Magnolia A. oc; Extra C,
■1 7 h'-: Goldbu c, 4%i_; half- els, i/4c more than
barrel*, and boxes J^c more. - .-■:.•
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
*gal._.- ' ■ , .-,'- .. ■:■.-.. ■ .
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES,' ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, $5 V cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties, 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 46@50c
for 7x9.
TANBARK— SI4 & COM. ■'<"■- ■• '■;;
; Retell prices for pine are: No. 1 rough, $13@
17 50 for the differe.it lengths; No. 2. 911; No. 1
Flooring, $21@26; Lab, $2: Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 and $1 3 ror No. 2; Rustic, $18@23; Shingles,
common, $1 do; Shakes, $9 %i M. *
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is scarce : and higher and Beef Is firm.
AH other kinds reniain : unchanged. Wholesale
rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are as
follows: ......
LEEF— First quality, ?@s%c;' second do, 4i/ 2 @
4%c: third do, 3y ? @4c^ Ib. .  . , .
V EAL— Large. s<a)6c; small. 6©7 c tb.
M UTI ON— Wethers, s'm(o:6c: Ewes, 5y 2 c ~j> tb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6® yy 2 c 9 Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3y 8 © 14^ «* tb for large and
.■Ji,4@3s/sC for small and medium; dressed do, 4V2
&51/iC%ilb. .. ;, .; . .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
:for 24 nouns.
Flour, qr. sirs.... 6.l4o'Hay. tons 331
Wheat, ctls. 121.082'Bn:ter, ctls. 543
Oregon 1.060:< hcese, ctls 142
B:triej,ctls 13.355 Egzs. doz 18,420
<>ats. Or 1.025 Hides, no 938
torn, ctls 605 fell s, bd Is 670
Beans, sks 194 Wool, bis 19">
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,680 Wine, gals 59.100
Oregon, sks 035 Leather, rolls 113
Onions, sks 61 3'Tallow, c Is 21
Bran, sks 250 Lime, bbls.. 240
Middlings, sks... l,36oßaisins, boxes. .. 1.220
THE STOCK MARKET.
stocks were steady enough early In the day, but
on the afternoon board they weakened off. as will
be seen by the list of sales. The close was dull.
On ihe Bond Exchange Hutehlnsou Plantation
sold up to $26 60 and for Hawaiian $19 50 was
bid.
Mono is assessed 10c and Occidental 15c.
The' savage assessment of 20c per share will be
delinquent in office to-day.
Dccibkntal C-OX.-650 level— The east crosscut
from the lower tunnel, which is being run to con
nect with the Edwards shaft, ts now in 1 12 feet.
Formation, hard porphyry. 650 level— West
crosscut 2, 25 feet south of the main winze, is in
337 ft ci. Face is in hari porphyry. 750 level-
In the north ririft from the west crosscut they
have been cutting out and preparing o raise for a
connection with the 660 level. The east crosM-ut
from the south dritt is in 43 ft-et and c ntinnes in
low-era(!e ore. They have started a winze in the
west crosscut in the ore found on the hanging
wall.
The first of a course of free lectures upon Cali
fornia mining, under the auspices of the Gold
Mining Exchange of Sau Francisco, will be given
at I'nion-square Hall, Post street, this evening.
Professor HnroUl W. Fairbanks will be the
lecturer and his subject will oe "The Mother
Lode." He will be assisted by stereopticon views.
AfiHesiainents . Tending.
Following Is a list of assessments now pending:
BOAKU SALtS.
Following were UN »*"** "> r in* > Haa Fraaetaoe
KJoocßoard yesterday:- >';'' *;.;(■
BF.OULAR MOBNrVO SESSION rOKUWSTCIWB 9:30.
200 Aloha 24 450 CC<tV...2.90,200 0phir...1.75
2GO Andes. 44 300 C Point.. •.•B 800 P0t05i..1.55
300 Belcner. ..7X3oo G & C. .1.55 Savag..l.7o
200 B .V Ji.. 1.45800 HAN... 100 Scorpion..lO
50 Bodie 6*l oo Kentuck..o7 100 8 Ny ...1 05
800 ...........67 100 Mxcan.l.os !'..oi! '..0i Uni0n. ...98
100 Bullion... 31 50 ..........1.00 '200 Utah 18
100 Cha11ge.. .46 720 Occidtl..l.so 100 V Jac*l..6B
300 Ch011r..3.30 1000vrmn....28100 57
1050 3.35 200 ... .......29
AFTKKSOOM SESSION— 3: 30. .
1200 Alta.. 08650 Ch011ar..3.15 300 Occidtl..l.so
100 Andes.'... 43500 3.10500 ..........1.55
200 44|.;00 CCA V._2.9012W» Overman. 2B
4iO 8e1cher.. .75 100 C P0int.. .67 150 P0t051...1.45
200 B & a.. 1.40 -'00 601350 1.40
100 8u11i0n... 29 £00 G & C..1.4t.|«» S»vage..l.ds
200 301750 H&M...2.8&U00 Hep. Bel. .20
600 8u1wer... .32 100 Mono 09 M Uu:0n...1.40
100 Ch11nge.. .451100 0phir....1.80i20U V Jcki....59
following were t&* nai«* in mi Pacltlo 3t»a*
l»cera j trtterday : ....
' BKirUII SKSSION-— 10:3«.
200 A1nha.....24| 50 CCV. 2.92 1/2 5 00 0phir...1.75
1000 Alta. ... 10300 2.951200 ........1.70
100 Ande5. ...431100 ......3.ti7V 2 ]500 17 /8
300 .......45 100 .3.06 300 ..'..'..'. ..1.90
100 47|'iOU Conn.... 1.40 200 1.85
550 506500 Con Im.-03 400 Ovrmn.. ..26
100 8e1cher... 79 150 Crwu Pt...70 100 30
200 801400 .. 01- 500 P0t051...1.60
100 7«>>0OO 4C.1.651100 ...... .1.471*
150 B&B... 1.60300 1. 57^250 .1.60
100 1.471,3 100 1.60.200 Sava«e..L76
450 .........1.46 100 H4N... 3.05,950 ...;... l."2Vi
850 .........1.65 100 ...'.3.00650 1.70
400 ....... 1.62 V..1950 2.95|H00 .......1.67U.
300 80d1e... .87 100 ......... 2.90500 Scorpion.. lo
20D Ku11i0«j...31 300 Julia 20200 t-8.fcM....1»
100 Bulwer...3^ 500 Justice. ...10;700 B NT....1.06
500 Caleda, 11 MO Kentnck..O7 100 "...;...:. 1.10
100 Cha11n«...4b550 ilexn.V.l.os 100 .1.12y 3
100 Ch011.3.27Vs -00 .........1.10500 811 Hi 11 ....07
650 3.21.1H00 1.15-300 Union C..PB
450 3.25 100 1.12 Vs 200 1.00
650 3.15 500 Mono ;...U>J2OO 1.02y 2
400 3.12V2 3500cc1d.:..1.65 200 1.06
700 3.:;«i'200 1.52y 2 600 Ulaa 20
150 3.35,400 .....1.60 30U YJMK«I..St»
100 ...... .3.2ay a l . - • . • i -.-■••
AfTKRNOOSr i1»«IOS- 2:30.
200 Alpha.... 22 50 CCV 2.95 200 Occdt . .1.58
400 A!ta 08 100 2y g 3OO 1.67Vj
200 Amies 44 JOO C Point... o.i lUJ 0phir...1.80
300 UA 8..1.45J200 69 100 1.77 V*
200 1.421,-a 200 Exchqr. .(9 50J Potosi.. 1.46
100 Bodte 67 bOO GAC .15. 600 5avag ...1.65
40J Bullion... 30 .50 1.47 V» 150 16«
300 8u1wer... 32 600 U*N ...2.85 500 Scorpion.. lv
200 Caleda lliJlK) 2.90 200 S Nv. 1.02Va
4..0Ch0ur... 3.10)150 2.82V2'6(10 Sll Hill. ..OS
300 3.1: -'(X) Julia. lojiOO Union. .l.oo
100 3.121^500 Justice. ...lt 100 1 05
400 3.0. «)0 Keutuck..Oti JOO Utah... ..18
200 3.07i 2 j(X) Mex....1.07 30J V Ja0K«:..66
200 Conn..,. I. it 20) Occd. 1.52 V» 200 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 2—4 p. m.
Bid. A»fced.\ Bid. Asked.
AlpliaCon. ... 22 23 Jackson 40 —
Ana. 07 OBUolia 14 15
Andes. 44 46Juslice 10 1 -'
beicher 74 75>Kemuck 05 08
Best A IWIch.TI.4O I.46|L*dy Wash. . . . 04 05
Benton Con 20 — (Mexican 1.06 1.10
Bodie 65 68 Mono — 08
Bullion 28 29 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bulwer 32 — Occl ienti«l. ...1.50 1.55
Caledonia. 11 13Ophir 1.75 1.80
Chollar.., 3.06 3.loOverman 27 29
C0n.Ca1.AVa.. 2.86 2.90 i'oto-tl 1.40 1.48
Challenge Con. 46 47 savage 1.6*« 1.65
Con. Imperial. 02 03Seg. uelcner... 18 20
Confidence 1.40 — S.ndlcate. 04 05
Con New York — 10. silver Hill 05 07
Crown P01m... 68 6t» sierra Nevada. 1.00 1.05
EastSiorraNev — Otf'CmonCon 98 98
Exchequer .... 09 10 Utah 18 19
Gould & furry. 1.45 1.50 Yellow Jacket. 67 68
Hate Jt Norcis 2.80 2.86!
GOLD MINIM, I \CIIANIiK.
160 A mail* 2 50:700 Lock wood Con.. 35
•on a 66 -Providence >
Champion 8id.... 60 00
Bid.. ...25 00 200 Savannah....... 41
200 Edna.. 45400 „ 43
200.; 4&500 44
200Uranu 12 100 .....V.... „ 45
Kennedy 1100 Sevastopol 48
8id.... 1000300 .................. 60
Asked .' 12 50100 49
Keystone. •Thorpe.
Bid ...65 00 Asked 70
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt 8ank.....!;... .'..::."... 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Irou Works.... 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water:.'...:....*;:.... ' 7 00
STOCK AND BOND KXCHAXGK.
TUESDAY. June 2-8 p. v.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Askrti.\ ;■: Bid. Asked.
UB 4s c0up.. 107% — US 4s reg. ..109 ■"'«—;
Do .>■ A 1 .~>J. ! ltJVs — j ■-.•■..
' MIBCKLI.AKKOUB BONDS.
Ca'.-stCbless. — 113 PrcKoll M6s. .- ■ —
CM Elec L6s - 122V*;Do 2d la 6». .. — — -
Cntra C 95 97V 2 P * <» R» 65. 105 | .120
Dn:>t-si."x-cp 77 f6 '- |P&«- li Ry 6s. — 107 !
KdsnL*Pfti — 1241/., Pwl-4l RRB». — 116 V,
K*CII K..6«.104i,a - Heiio, WI&L - - 105
Cieary-s; US*. 102&4 — ISactoP <fc L. '..-'— • idvi 2
LosAligLSs. — 103 's|-4.\rlUs,loUAlul3/i
Do-G D Lt'ed64 - 103 Sl'RltArlz^s - -9»
Mkt-stCble6al2» - k'RK! al 6«. lOe^ll 1
I)oKyi;onss.. — 105 SPRJtCa'5s: — —
NevCNstß"s '.'b 105 sPHrltcalßs. 1 9Vzl«oiA
NPCKK6i.IUi 108 sVWnte 65..U9 "il :
NRyCal6slO2 105 SV\Vniti4 V.tiss^ 991T
N Cal 6». — 100 StktnG.kKOs - 100
Oak Gas 65..101 104Vilsuns.T < ST6s 100 -
Uo2di»ss.. - 106 |Su,ier-slKss.lO/Va —
Omnibus 119 I^oyi!Vl.sallaWC6s - »_•
WATKK STOCKS; ""
Contra Costa 38y a 39 San Jose 75 100 :
Marln C 0.... 50 — ISprng Valley 98% 99
6 AS rooks, '■"■■'■
Capital...'..;. 20 2T 1 ;. Pacific Lhrbt 47 —
Central.. 1 .. 95 !— ■ Skit Francsco 93Vi 93 Va
Oak G L it: 11 - .53 .Stockton — ■ '^lya
PacGaslmp. 86 863^l .'•.' ' 
, INSURANCE STOCKS.'
Fireman'sFdl«s — ,'Sun .......... 25 ; 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. ' ;
Amerß&TC. - — LondonP«fcA.l2BVil3o
Anglo-Cat.... 61%"— London&SF. — 27y 3
Bank Of Cal.. 238 242y 2 Merch Ex... 18 —
Cal 8 D&TCo 54 V4 57 i' 2 l Nevada...;.. — —' '
First 10n1.178 sather BCo. —• ' —J,
Grangers..., —.; — I v
'T ! .- ' SAVINOB BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I4IO 1500 Sav.ftl.oan.. — • 100 •
li .iinii.-.t. I. 11(101 1(10 1460 'Security .;;.:.■»—, 200
Mutua1....... — 40 Union trust. 7so • 800
BF*;avUnlon — 48 j I . ;■
' : ' STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. |
California.;.. 108 - jOakSL&Uay — ■ 100
Geary-5t...... — 56 Presidio ;:...." 6V2 20"
Market : 43V* 43 Sutter-st — • —
:. ; S IrowDER stocks. ■ ;
Atlantic D... lt*Vj — jGlantCon.:.. 85 26
Dastern D... BO 82y 3 Judson D.... •; — I -
California.... 75; — Jvigorit........ — - 95c
*** ■■.'i '.-: |MrSCKLI.ANEOr;SBTOCKB.
Alaska 98^100 » Nat Yin Co.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. . — .10 Oceanic SSCo S3 24
Cal Cot Mills - — Pre aux F A 1 —
Col Dry Dock — ' — PacPoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtll9S/»119:»i!Pac Roll Mill - —
GasConAssn. — •■-.— IParf PuintCo 6Ya "Va
Ger Lead Co.: 85 — IPacTr usCo. — 24
HawCtSCo.. 19i/a 20 |PacT<feTCo. 55 70
Hutch SPCo > .!5i,4 3 Siinsi-t T&T. 41 —
Assn. 100 110 lUnlted C Co. — 25
' 6At.ES-UCIP.MXJ HBU!O(
.' Board—
25 OceanicS 5C0....: 24 00
110 S V Water......... 98 75
.30 do do Pi* 621/j"
$11,000 V S 4% (new) Bonds 116 50
Street- •
HutchinsonS Co 25 00
. SALES— AFTERNOON" SESSION.
Board— . .■,■■".•,•.'
25 Edison Light & Power Co 119 50
30 Hutchlnson S P CO. 26 50
210 Market-st Railway 43 25
50 Pacific Lighting 47 00
100 Vieorit Powder.. 80
1- - Street— : ' •
50 Giant Powder Con 25 25
60S V Water..... "8 62y s
$4000 VSi% (new) 80nd5........ US 60
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
R P.lacobs <fe w, DanvlUMrs P Cook. Danville
E S Churchill, Napa A C Hmdskanip <fe w. Pa
G B Oilman. Los (iatos B H Walker <fe w, Wia
C Monroe, Los Angc'es C A Marnncr. Los ang
C H Uillett, Los Angeles Mrs C H Oiilett. Los Ang
E Ivlnson, Wyo MisC W Klodgett, N V
J R Toherman, Los Ang J R Bak^r. Chicago
J N Burk <fe w. San Jose J E Ransom. Cuicago
H J Wylie, Washington V H Hopkins <fe w, Or
F Clayton, Guatemala Mrs Jones «fe d, Han Joee
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S B Gardner, Loom is C E Kother, Loomis
Q Washington. MendocnoG J Bauer. Alca'raz
C Morton, Los Angeles X E Root. Los Anceles
J D Hamilton, Portland H O'Donnell, Portland
J 6 Wilber, N V E Lucker, Buffalo
R E Vaughin, Buffalo Mrs E Keeley, Los Ang
J Howard, N V Miss E Keeley, Los Ang
J M Monroe., Atlanta M Alton, Sacto
H Peterson, Los Aneeles D Reiner*en, Oakland
P King. Galway Miss R Riegal, Alvlso
Miss C Curcuer, Ir\ingtn A J Morns, st Louis
E ( naugst. s»n Diego M Welch <t wf, St Louis
J E Buckner, Santa Rosa
Baldwin hotel.
G Campbell, Grass Valley J O Sciarvin, St Helena
M Cuthbert & wf, Oukld Miss P Graham, N V
J Madison, Alameda Miss L Larkln, N V
W M Leonard, New York J scott <fe wf. Seattle
H E Cleveland, N V W B Ma<annald, Napa
E H Cowles, New Yorfr H W Aldis, New York
Miss Timmons, Colo E R Grifford. Auburn
J poyle, MarysvUle T Fltagerald, Ban .lose
H Sacramento Miss Muller, Portland
H A Clark, St Paul B T Williams. Fla
F A Brannan. Denver H O Lyon, salt Lake
R J Morgan, Selma Miss Watts. Monterey
E J Burton, New Jersey
GRAND HOTEL.
T V Hartley, Vacaville J C Ruddock. S Cruz
F. B McVear A w, Cal W A Marshall, Piedmt
J E Pruvett, Auburn H H Mclntyre, Vermont
A C Murdock, Arbuckle W J Bogie, Mendocino
T Kennedy, Napa fc S Nathan, Sac
J Smith, Los Angeles J A Haskell, Cal
C W Ferguson, Seattle Dr E Shuids. Cal
W Murray, Pleasanton H A Gray, Pleasanton
W Mueruch, Nev B A Bartlett, New York
R B Wilson. T aroma Dr T Flint <fe w. S Juan
W Beckman, Sac Mrs L O Reinig, lowa
F W Reinig, lowa Jl E Martinelli. Cal
C E Martinelli, Cal Mrs H A R Adams, Cal
Miss Ella Adams. Cal F A Taylor. Portland
Mrs Harris, Santa Rosa F Kramer. N V
J A Mclntyre, Sac B 8 Hirsch & w, Ukiah
B J Devlin, Benicia L B Johnson & w, H Jose
Miss Q Krummer, Wash Miss Beckingham, Wash
Mrs Hattrass, San Jose Miss Hattrass, San Jose
Mrs T Allen. Angels E A S Whittard. Angels
J E Holland & w, Sac Mrs J M Kile, Los Ang
B J Bacon <fe w, 8 Cruz J 8 Topl.y iw, Vallejo
J F Conlon, Nev J H Batcher, Sac
C Wetmore, suisun C F Burns, Cazadero
Rev J Reynolds, Cal
BUSS HOUSE.
G T Home, Nashua, N H W P Lanpnor, La
Mrs Pogue, Tulare M Stewart, Kio Via;a
Mrs D B Kimball, Wash J Mead. Heo'd«burß
H McCormick, Cal II H Jarvis, Meudocino
J A very. Oakland A T Stream, >ea tl"
J J Sullivan, Los Gatos \V Murpliy, Ft Wrangle
Miss C Neilson, Chicago Miss M Ferris, lowa
L F Jones, San Miguel W'l Taylor, Bakersfield
J Blenhiim, Modesto G S Hewitt, Hauford
H D Long, i-urekai -ureka A B Bulnnd, Eureka
R Cole, Cbico 6 W Hursh, Watsonvllle
S 8 Curt, Auburn W T Hughes, Denver
C S Amidor, Stockton T M Yates. Santu Kosa
R C argent, St<<ckton J A Hoslier. Tacnma
M Sinwiirt, Rio \'ist • J Moody, Willows
W 1' Price, Cottonwood 8 S Bradford, Sonoma
M Brown, Sonoma R Barnptt, I kiah
L F Jones, San Maguel C MacLafferty. Tacoma
W Aldricu, New York Mrs W T Taylor, Cal
H <; >quire, San Jose C Fnrgeson, S«n Jose
P H Mack, Inyo A M McCarthy, Sacto
J A Whitney, Lowell J Gavin, Paso' Robles
Mrs T A Rudesill, Paso R
LICK HOUSE.
C H Castle, Merced Miss Annie Smith. Cal
Mrs M E Carothers, Cal Mrs J T Taylor, s Rosa
H M Barstow. Napa J Hughes. Portland
Miriam Jones, Stockton Frank Devlin, cal
L M Lodovict, Cai D B > rancis. Cal
X Casper, Nevada City H Hirschfeld.Kakersfield
D S Roberts, Bakers Held Mrs J W Mears. Jerome
R T Price & fm, Lundy W W Hurt, cal
I! s Barber* w, Cal Miss Harbor. Milpitas
D F.vans. Eureka Mrs (i F Robinson, Dtroi;
Mrs(i S Robinson, Dtroit Mrs B Spalusburv.s Cruz
Mrs WB C Brown, S Jose 3 > Dorc, Fresno
I X Stewart, Keno Mrs tt Green, -tockton
J E Ward, Modesto R C Miner. Stockton
F R Stokes, Atttorln O B QHswald. Cal
E W Ellen. San Jose Mrs 1" Wnite, Alameda
Mrs Gottschalk, s Andrs J B Welty A w, Pa
Andrew Rocia, I'al J T Burch. Tulare
S Holland. San Jose KP( olgan. Sacto
\V 0 Roberts. Cal C Cadwaloder <fe w, Cal
C P McLafferty. Tacoma II Wallace. Stockton
\V U Merritt &. w. Oakld P W Dawzon, Oakland
George P Mott. Sacto C H Wartield, Merced
J H rtowell, Merced J J Trabucco * w. Phila
J H Lane, Oakland Horace Hanes, Iresno
A ('Mi Meaus. s l;o.sa Miss E L Dickman. Cal
Miss H li Wins-iow. Cal E D Goodrich, St V
Mrs A L Boyan, Napa R C StarkweHther, Cal
J D Lynch, Los a ngeles J H Mulliolland. t al
A Clark, Forest Hill Mrs P wqueth, Forest HI
Making Coffina of Glagg.
The revival of the idea of making coffins
from plate glass is attracting a good deal
of attention from local dealers in the two
articles which it is intended to brinp to
gether, namely, glass and coffins. Coffin
dealers while they take the matter seriously
enough to refrain from ridiculing it, un
dertake to point out its impracticability.
The chief objection urged against coffins
! made of glass 's that they would retain for
! an indefinite period the decompose! ele
| merits of the body. This is an objection
! which applies as well to metallic coffins,
! the use of which is require! by law in
! many cases of contagious diseases.
The chief advantages of coffins made of
I slass, according to a prominent glass job
ber on Wabash avenue, is their cheapness.
A pood coffin could be made of glass, he
said, at one-fourth the cost of the low
j grade wood coffins. The attempt madeby
the Ohio concern about fifteen years ago
to manufacture glass coffins failed mainly
because of the relatively higher cost of
plasbmaking as compared with the coat
to-day. Glass is now put to a large variety
of uses. Among other t'inps, it is made
so as to imitate wood very close] j", so that
burial caskets constructed in this way
could be made to have the general appear
ance of caskets nuideof very costly woods.
— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Dumbbells used twice or thrice a day is
the best remedy for round shoulders.
Such exercise is well calculated to restore
a naturally tall figure, bent by followine a
stooping occupation, to its original erect
ness.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
BKANCH HVDROORAI-HIC OFFICE, U. S. X. >
Mkrchants' Exchavok. ■ . : V
, : . ; -" Ban Fbancisco. June 2. . 189*. • )
- The time ball on Teiegrapa Hilt was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon .of the 12Uth
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. v.. Greenwich time.
. . /. . - . A. F. Fkohtklkr,
• Lieutenant U. S. N.. la cliaigs.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From Shu Francisco.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. p. Coast a!*i> Gkodktio Stmv«T Tidb')
BtTLMtTIN PUBLISHED BY OFFICIAL F
AUTHORITY OF THB SBPKBISTIiSDEST. )
JSOTJC— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second .time
column gives the second tide or the day. the third
time column the third title, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights Riven are additions to th«
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts. except when a minus sign {— ) precedes the
height, and then the number yon Is subtract!
from ih»<l«»r>t v i -'yon h«- he chars
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, June 2.
Strnr North Fork, Hansen. 24 hours from Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
* Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, 16 hours from Al
bion: lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
Stmr Arago, Reed. 37 hours from Coos Bay. via
Port Orford 32 hours; pats and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
SchrGW Watson. Frledberz. 9 days from Port
Blakeley; 650 At ft lumber, to Puget Sound Lum
ber Co.
Schr Excelsior, Burmeister. 10 days from Port
Blakeley; lumber, to Renton, Holmes A Co. Up
river direct.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Larseo, 5 days from Grays
Harbor: 400 M ft lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co.
Schr Rio Rey, IsiKkelt, 75 hours from Coquille
River; 110 M ft lumber, to Kronberg <fe Carpen
ter. Oakland direct.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, June 2.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins A Co. ■ ■• <
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
\ Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
i &Co.
Ger bark Pool Isenberg, Wuhrmana, Liverpool ;
Girvin A Eyre.
Br bark Bass Rock, Kaln, Cape Town; Balfour,
Uulhrifc A Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, June 2.
Btmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Suite of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Tillamook, Hanson.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. snn:a Cruz.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Uuaymas.
I Stmr National City, Anarespn, San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
• Stmr Cleone, Miller Crescent City,
Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria. ■■"(... ---:,■■
Br ship Walden Abbey, ms, Queenstown.
tschr Mary Etta, Wetzel. Collins Landing.
Schr Emma Clfcudlna, Nielsen, Eureka.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielson. Grays Harbor.
benr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Charters.
The IBr ship Celtic Monarch is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 27s 6d —Is 3d less direct—Aug
ust loading.
The ship Alexander Gibson loads lumber on the
Sound for Cork.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 2—lo r. M.-Weather.
foggy, wind N \V : velocity. 20 miles.
. Spoken. .
- April 24— Lnt 24 S. long 42 W, Br ship Errol, f m
Cardiff for Esquimau.
liomestic Port*.
SAN PEDRO— bailed June 2— Schr Monterey,
for Bowens Landing: stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
PORT GAMBLiC— Arrived June 2— Schr Okano
gan, hence May 16.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 2— *«chr Nep
tune, hence May 19.
NAVARRO— Arrived June 2— Stmr Point Arena
hence June 1.
IVERSK.Ns LANOINO-Salled June 2— Scrjr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
TACOMA*— Arrived June 2— Ship Yosemlte, nnc
May 15. • ' "
POINT ARENA— Arrived June 2-Stmr Green*
wood, hence June 1. .
SOU Til BEND— Arrived June 2— Bktn Tarn o*
Shanter hence May 22.
- EUREKA— Arrived Jane 2— Bktn Amelia, frm
Honolulu.
Saile<i June 2— Schr Eclipse, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June 2— Stmr Geo Loomis
hence June 1.
PORTHARFORD— Arrived June 2— Btmr Scotia
hence Juue 1.
REDONDO— Arrived June 2— Schrs Maweena
and Jennie Stella, from Seattle.
• sailed June 2— -itrnr.Souih coast, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Protection, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 2— stmr Signal, from
Puget Sound.
Sailed June 2— simr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco: Br simr Altmore, for Hongkong and Yoko
hama.
FORT ROSS— Balled jane 2— Schr Reliance, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
ANTWERP— SaiIed May 30— Br ship Manches
ter, (or San Francisco, and passed Dungeness
June 1.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed Ma*y 30— Ger ship Vasco
de Gania, for Hamburg.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May SO— Br ship Lancing,
for San Francisco,
YOKOHAMA- Sailed May 30— Br stmr Em
press of Ctiina, for Vancouver: stmr City of Rio de
Janeiro, for San Francisco via Honolulu.
PANAMA— SaiIed May SO— Btmr ban Jose, for
San Francisco.
DUBLlN— Arrived May 30— Br bark Routen
burn, hence Jan 8.
HULL— Arrived May 30— Ger ship Marie Hack
feld. hence Jan 23.' 3*«Bi»KSs£gs!
HONGKONG— Arrived May 31— Stmr City of
IV kin.;, hence May 6.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
. NEW YORK— June 2— Stmr Spree, for
Bremen.
Arrived June 2— Stmr Ems, from Genoa, Naples
and Gibraltar.
- LlZAßD— Passed June 2— Stmr Venetia, from
New York, for Stettin.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out June 2— Stmr Werra.
, ' Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka-8 pkgs mdse, 48 bis
oranges, 'M bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via s p Co and San Pedro— 3 cs
glassware, 95 pkgs mdse.
East San Pedro— loo bates wool. 3 sks mohair.
' Los Angeles v:» East San Pedro— lß pkgs mdse.
Huenerae— l cs glassware, lpkgm se.
Ventura— 3 en estcs, 11 pkgs mdse, A 6 cs honey,
124 bxs lemons, 186 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara.— 2 bbts mineral water, 1 cs but
ter. 191 bxs lemons, 16 bxs oranges.
Gaviota— 3 bxs butler.
P C Ry stations— 4iy 3 bxs butter, 2 slcs wool, 2
pkes castings, »> cs honey. 17 bdls salt hides, 14
cans tallow, 1 bdl pelts, 1 sk tails, 1 bdl dry hides,
7c» eggs. : -; ■ :
• Santa Maria— 9oo sks beans.
Anovo Grande— B4 sks leans.
Port Harford2 bx* fish.
cayucos— 1 tub 68 bxs butter, 7 cseggs, 1 coon
chickens, 11 dressed calves, 1 pkg mdse.
San Simeon— 9 tubs 7OVs bxs butter, Ics eggs, 4
dressed calves.
Monterey— 2 sks bones, » sks shark fins, 4 bxs
butter. — . . •
EUREKA — Per North Fork— l cs Ibx mdse, 14
sks wool. rt kegs butter. 2 pigs dry goods, 60 slcs
peas, 1 desK, si cs saws, 1 bbl win*. 1 cs crockery,
I bbl crockery, I'M M ft lumber, 50 M shakes, 53
eds stuvebolts, 1983 M shineles.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— B tubs 1 bbl 19 bxs but
ter, 4 bdls pelts. 1 Ml hides, 1 bale Hannels, 1 pk?
chevlo.s, 3cs blankets, 1 cs cigars, 1 piano, 24
pkKS household goods, 4 pities md»«. 2 ska coin, 22
pile*, 1 deg, 1 locomotive, 750 tons coal.
Port Oriord— 7 bxs butter, 1 sk coin, 1 pkg ex
press. ■ ■
. - Consifrneff*.
Per Arago— Hilmer. Breahoff A Schnlz; C S Mil
ler: Marshall, Teggarti Co; ThomasLoughran;
\V It Sumner & Co; Hills Bros: Dairymen's Union;
Wellman, Peck & L«. : Bandon Woolen mills; E
Rowlands; Wells, Fargo A Co: O C «fc N Co. ■-. •
Per .Nu.ili Fork— Baker & Hamilton; California
Gjue Works: Levl Strauss A Co; Standard Oil Co;
Henderson Woolen-mills: Marshall, Teggart «£ Co;
Revere Rubber Co; ' ti W Sureve it Co; California
Saw Works: >' Solomon Jr: Carroll & Carroll: son
Bros <fc Co; Miller, Sloas & Scott; Chas Nelson.
Per -Eureka— Eveleth* Nash: Standard Oil Co-
Minnaker, Wei banks A Co; Wood, Curtis A Co; W
Cline: Marsh * jiidd; Brighara, Hoppe A Co; S H
Emerson; • McDonough & Runyon; ISender Bros-
B P Flint;Wheaton, Breon&Co; Schweitzer <* Ooj
Amer Caro Acid & Gas Co: ■ Enterprise Brewt- •
Erlanger A Galinger; Gelz Bros A Co; J I» Martin :
Garcia <fe Magginl: L Scatena <& Co: . FBHaluht'
Uicks-Judd Mi? Co; Dairymen's Union; H Clifton:
Wheaton, Breon A Co; J lvancovtcb A Co;' Charles
Jacob-^on. W C Price Co: CE Whitney <fc Co- A
Levy Co; Baker & Hamilton: Daltou> Bros- M
Wendt: Marshall, Teggart A Co: M T Freltas &'co-
American Union Fish Co; Western Meat Co- Chas
Jetzen ; Dodge. Sweeney A Co; De Bernard* & Co
ii lr £ , mann A Co: Hilmer, Bredhort A Schuiz :
Main A Winchester: Kowalsky A Co; H Dutard- F
Un A Co: WO Price A Co; Uilmer Bros: William
II uff A Co: • H N Tilden A Co; V O B Smith AC™
Moore, : Ferguson • Co ; Wilson Bros ; DengaiiHAS GONE TO A
PLACE OF SAFETY.
Sequel to a Fight Between
Doctors on a Ferry-
Boat.
CAHUSAC LEAVES TOWN.
[ineertain as to How Dr. Cranz
Might Resent Insult to
His Child.
BENDS IN HIS RESIGNATION.
ttii Fellow-Clerks in the Railroad
Office Have Much Food for
•.'•■;.•. Speculation.
/: •': Oakland Office Sax Frahgboo Call,)
: •:.: &03 Broadway, June 2. J
Dr. Cahueac has left Alameda, as he was
.".:not at all anxious to again feel the weight
: . pi:. Dr. Cranz's brawny fists.
About a week ago the two doctors met
:i Oakland ferry-boat. They met very
'.I:: forcibly. Dr. Cranz's knuckles connected
: . tv::h Dr. Cahusac's nose and the thousand
;.; passengers on the boat were treated to a
f free boxing exhibition for glory only. The
::. story of the encounter was told in The
: .Call next morning.
■: ; Cahusac wa3 an accountant in A. D.
■ i'Wilder's office and after Dr. Cranz had
. trpunced him publicly for insulting his
:: Ti-ife and daughter he threatened to repeat
i the dose unless an apology was tendered
.that evening. The same evening Cahusac,
ix is now learned, did iwo things. He
Went to Dr. Cranz and ajologized and he
'■ Biso wrote out his resignation to Mr.
"Wilder. Next morning he did not show
up at Ids desk and a few days later he left
town, supposedly for Denver, and his wife
and children ate also gone, and his friends
would like to hear from him.
"Cahusac, whose card reads "Dr.," has
'•always been regarded as a man of mystery.
He is an Englishman and was well pro
,.' yided with credentials testifying to his
.various abilities as a scientist and pro
,. lessor of languages. He first appeared on
i; this coast about five years ago, at that
. time as a very devout religionist. It was
always a matter of wonderment among
■•.: : : bis acquaintances why a man of such
. marked ability should be adrift on this
v toast with no settled plan. He referred
. very little to his past, and it was nlways
: thought that if he would he could tell a
; pood story. He was engaged in Wilder' s
•office about a year ago and his resignation
coming so suddenly was a great surprise.
■ -His brother clerks say that it was not en
tirely because of his trouble with Dr.
: that he resigned, although they can
: only guess ai any other possible reason, as
Cahusac was very close-mouthed and was
:riot very popular.
■ ■ Inquiry et his late residence proved that ,
Ihe family had left, and that no one knew j
: where they had gone. The neighbors say
. that Cahusac was not seen on the ferry
boat, and that his wife left about a week
■ later. Dr. Cranz stated at the time that
: Cahusac had attempted liberties with his
; wife and young daughter, and that it was
. done while Cahusac was regarded as a
; : friend of the family. The latter's diploma,
: entitling him to pose as a "doctor has
never been seen, and it is believed that he
cleared out, not knowing but that Dr.
Cranz might leain sufficient to warrant
him in pressing the matter further.
METHODISTS' TROUBLES.
Talk of Dissatisfaction on Ac
count of E. A. Girvin's
Doctrines.
Opinions of the President of the Board
of Education on Male
Teachers.
• BERKELEY, Cal., June The report
' was spread abroad in Berkeley yesterday
that a split wes about to take place in the
Trinity Methodist Church as a result of
- the teachings of E. A. Girvin to his Bible
class as to the near approach of the mil
.: lennium.
.; A canvass among some of the prominent
and active members to-day failed to
: reveal anything but harmony in the circles
• ■ of the church. A new Bible class has been
■ formed besides the one conducted by Air.
'■ ■ Girvin, but its members say that the pur
pose in view when the class was formed
• . was the training of teachers, and not to
'. offset the views with regard to the second
: . coming of Christ as held by Mr. Girvin.
. Mr. Girvin is a San Francisco business
! man and a deacon of the church, who has
teen conducting some of the pastoral
. work during the absence in Europe of
: Rev. Dr. Bentley.
Favors Mala Teachers. •
■■■■ BERKELEY, Cal.. June 2.— ln a
: lengthy and exhaustive report to the
Board of Education last night President
Boone recommended that a four-year
high school course be instituted instead of
: the present three-year course. He argued
: that an additional year is necessa/y in
■order that pupils may be fully prepared j
for the university. He advised the chang- i
■ ing of the regular ninth grade course so
as to make it a first year of a four-year
■ high school course.
President Boone also declared in favor
of appointing a City Superintendent of
Schools, his duties to be that of oversee
ing the various schools of the town.
He believed this to be a necessity on
account of the lack of uniformity between
the schools which at present exists be
cause of the differences in teachers and
the lack of a complete, harmonious
system. •
Mr. Boone also placed himself on record
as being in favor of the employment of a
iargor proportion of male teachers, not '
because of the inability of the women bo
far as teaching was concerned, but on ac
count of the demand for masculinity in
the presence of a body of self-assertive
youths.
He said: "There should b3 the pos-
s ible look of thunder in the man, as well
. as the soft octave voice of the woman."
The Congregational Church.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 2.— The trus
tees of the First Congregational Church
are about to begin the erection of a chapel
and Sunday-school room adjoining the
main edifice, to cost in the neighborhood
of $4000.
The proposed Sunday-school room will
have a seating ca pacify of 250, while the
prayer-meeting and infant-class rooms
will accommodate over 100.
A kitchen and storeroom for entertain
ment purposes will also be among the
new improvements. The addition will
conform in genernl appearance to the
mam edihee. J. L. Barker, one ol the
, trustees, stated to-day that work on the
j improvements will be becun next week.
Republicans Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 2.-A Republi
can club waa formed at the East End last
night, with the following officers: Presi
dent, WUlinm Lair Hill; vice-president,
, Robert Ed-ar; secretary, Clarence S. Mer
j rill; treasurer, J. R. Avers; sergeant-at
; arms, A. Johnston. Speeches were made
; by Messrs. Ayers, Lord, Forgie, Jessup,
; Lngar and others. It is expected that at
lea^t 200 names will be on the club roll by
the next meeting. A uniform club will
probably be annexed for parade purposes.
A resolution was passed unanimously
indorsing the action taken by RoDert
Edgar, Congressional committeeman from
this dism t, in the Congressional meeting
recently held in Oakland.
j The club roll is in the hands of C. S.
Merrill and all Republicans residing in
Berkeley are required to sign it.
New School Buildings.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 2.— The Board
I of Education took the first steps last night
i toward the secui\nt; of the new school
j building to be erected in Uerkelev accord
ing to the provisions of the special elec
i tion held on May 16, at whicli $22,500 was
voted for building purposes. A resolu
tion was passed authorizing the presid«nt
of the board to issue a certificate of the
County Supervisors setting forth the facts
of the election and requesting that board
to declare the tax levy.
P. R. Boone was re-elected president of
the board for the coming year.
Succesa of Miss Gilinore.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 2.— MissM^rcia
Hawes Gilmore, U. C. '94, a graduate
student in English at the State University,
has been appointed to a fellowship in
English at Radoliffo College, the woman's
annex to Harvard University. She will go
on to Cambridge within a short time to be
in readiness for work at the opening of the
fall term. It will be remembered that
Miss Gilmore stood second in her gradu
ating class, Harry Wright '94 having re
ceived the scholarship medal that year.
Oriole Club Field Day.
LORIN, Cal., June 2.— The Oriole Ath
| letic Club of Lorin met last night and
i decided to hold a field day next Saturday,
I the field events to take place at Lorin in
the morning and the track events to be
; run off at U. C. cinder track in the after
noon. A large number of entries have
, already been filed.
ACUTE ALCOHOLISM
"Was the Cause of Lambert Connors'
Death and Not Star
vation,
OAKLAND. Cal., June 2.— Dr. C. M.
Fisher held an autopsy on Lambert
Connors' remains, and reports that Con
nors died from acute alcoholism instead of
starvation, as was reported by some. He
found about three pints of matter in" the
stomach, the greater part being beer. He
says the stomach showed plainly that the
man had partaken too freely of intoxi
cants'for the amount of solid food taken.
Connors was one of the victims of ihe
bullets of Billy Butts, the man who killud
Green and Beeney on Broadway nearJy
three years ago. * Connors happened to
pass just when the fusillade occurred and
received a bullet in the leg, but he soon
recovered from the effects.
Hough Goes East.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2. — Eugene
Hough, a well-known local labor leader
and socialist, will leave for Boston to-mor
row, and will in all probability remain
there. He has been in California nine
years, and has been very active in the
Federated Trades and federuted Labor
Union, having served as president of both.
Ho organized the Populist party here and
handled Mayor Davie's campaign. He
has always refused to run for office.
The Railroad Wing.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— Judge Ogden
to-day rendered a decision •in the case of
"William Paxson against the Southern Pa
cific Company for $200, in which he denied
the right of stop-over privileges on the
5-cent tickets which entitle one to a con
tinuous passage on the Seventh-street
local from this city to Alameda. He held
that as the company sold another ticket at
a greater price granting such privilege
there was no cause for the action.
Many .Saloons.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— Residents of
Lockwood School District are worked up
over the approaching school elections and
charge that the twenty-three saloons are
combining to secure certain men for Trus
tees. Tney threaten to retaliate by hav
ing the method of securing licenses looked
into, with a view of thinning out a few of
these resorts.
Took His Own Property.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— The police
i arrested Joseph Sholrfa, a bootblack, this
morning for going into the room of D.
. Campa and removing his (Sholeta) blan
ket and charged him with felony. Sholeta
had loaned Campa the blanket and after
ward gone into Campa's room and taken
it back. it is not probable that a warrant
will be issued.
l'orgotten Deposit.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— Mrs. Dora
Bode of 1457 Fifth street has applied for
letters upon the estate of her mother, Mrs.
Anna Diercks, who died October 4, 1894.
; By an advertisement it has been ascer
| tamed that deceased had $2107 on deposit
j in the German Savings and Loan Society
at the time of her death.
Boulevard Bonds.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 1. — A plan is to
| be submitted to the Council soon to make
an assessment district of the property
which would be benefited by a boulevard
about Lake Merritt and require it to pay
half of the total cost, estimated at $400,000
for such a work. The other half would be
paid by the city, and to raise the funds It
is proposed to issue bonds.
. Must Register.
OAKLAND, Cal., June —The electors
of Alameda County who desire to vote for
a Presidential candidate this year must be
registered 'between April 17 and August 8,
as the gr- at register was canceled at the
former date, and by law all persons en
titled to vote must have been registered
eighty-five days before a general election.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Ban- Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Juno 2. j
The jewelry firm of houkofsky on Washing
ton street was attached this " morning by
Sheriff White on a judgment in favor of D. A
i Curtln of San Francisco in the sum of $2000.
The alarm of fire at 10 o'clock this morning
was lor a .small blaze in the rear of Mrs. J. W.
Hart's residence, 1837 Seventh street, caused
by hot ashes in a barrel. The damage was
nominal.
The f unera of the late Rev. S. T. Wells, who
was the first superintendent of the Mountain
View Cemetery, was held from Brown's parlors
at 2 o'clock thin afternoon and was very largely
attended.
City Wharfinger Rutherford is preparing a
statement of the amount of money received at
the city wharf from June 1, 1872, up to June
1, 1896. He roughly estimates the sum at
$150,000.
The Grand Jury was In session again to-day
aud continued the investigation of the affairs
in the Tax Collector's office, in connection
with which M. A. Whldden was indicted by a
former Grand Jury.
Frank Wocils and Frank Brown, the two
young fellows charged with the burglary of
Mrs. 8. F. Allen's residence, at 1234 Telegraph
avenue, were he d to answer in $2000 ball by
Judge Wood o-day.
The new electric line to Laundry, Farm will
be put In operation next Saturday. The direc
tors will probably take out a (small excursion
party Friday, but the cars will not run regu
larly until Saturday. . ..
In the matter of the application of Joseph
Harris for a writ ot mandate to compel Auditor
R. W. Snow to allow a claim for $22 CO, a de
murrer was sustained to-day and the petitioner
allowed to amend forthwith.
The- suit of the city of Oakland to recover
from- the Pacific Postal Telegraph Company
$270, lor ground rent of the poles of the com
pany on the streets of this cny, which was be
gun in the Police Court, has been transferred
to the Superior Court,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
WILL NOT STAND
UPON HIS HEAD
Rev. Mr. Small Cannot
Make an Acrobat of
Himself.
EVEN FOR THE LORD.
Rev. Edwards Davis Is Willing
to Become a Fool "for
Christ's Sake."
RIVALRY AND REVIVALRY.
An Interesting Difference Between
Two Pastors of the Same
Denomination.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 2. f
The respective pastors of tbe churches
of the Christian dsnomination are both
DIFFER ABOUT STANDING ON THEIR HEADS.
R«v. James Small of tbe First Chris
tian Church, who says he will not stand
on his head and try to spit In his Test
pocket to amuse anybody. He is at pres
ent conducting an ordinary revival In
his Oakland church.
conducting special revivals, and the feel
ing between them is not of that perfectly
harmonious natnre that is expected to
exist between pastors of the same faith
doing the same work.
Rev. James Small of the Fir«t Christian
Church feels that he is the aggrieved
party. He says that Key. Edwards Davis
of the Central Christian Church opened
his "rational revival" for ten days only,
with the understanding that at the end of
that time Rev. Mr. Small should have a
clear right of way In the evangelical field.
When the ten days expired Mr. Davis
was having such success that his trustees
prevailed on him to continue, and not
construing his verbal agreement with
Mr. Small as having been a final one he
agreed.
A few days ago the placards announcing
the "rational revival of Mr. Davis were
covered or duplicated by the placards of a
"special revival" by Mr. Small.
Whether Key. James Small meant any
thing or not is not known, but to-day he
sent oat a notice in his own handwriting
that reads as follows:
The revival at the First Christian Church
continues with interest and additions. Mr.
.Small, the pastor, is holding forth to good au
diences, aud the social element is coming to
ihe front in tbe meeting. Nothing of a sensa
tional nature characterizes the services. The
preacher says he will not stand on his head
and try and spit into his vest pocket to amuse
anybody.
When Rev. Edwards Davis saw his
Drother minister's announcement he said :
Rev. Mr. Small agreed that my meetings
should begin first and continue two weeks,
aii'l, if the success warranted, theyshovild con
tinue Indefinitely. When the two weeks were
up we again met, and it was decided that it
would be advisable for the First Church to
begi: its postponed meetings, as the audiences
would be d.Serent and cause no conflict what
ever.
There can never be discord with me, as it
always takes two to disagree. My opinion of
my co-laborer, Rev Mr. Small, is the highest,
and lam coniident of his success. As lor the
reference to vest pocket, 1 do not believe he
ever laid such a thing, and even if ho did he
did not refer to me or anything 1 have done.
Rev. Edwards Davis is known as the
boy actor-preacher, and believes in any
method that will carry conviction to the
hearts of his audience. If he can teach a
better lesson from the death scene in
"Richard III" than he can from a text
from the Bible Shakespeare will supply
the inspiration. A negro story will be
illustrated by a delicate shuffling of feet
in the pulpit; and other things of a like
character have helped to build up a large
congregation. His church members re
gard the reference o! Rev. James Small to
not "standing on his head" to "amuse"
anybody a 1 * a reflection on their pastor,
and do not appreciate it. Judging by the
size of their audiences there is a demand
for both kinds of revivalism, as both
churches are filled every night.
SWAMP LAND FUNDS.
Supervisors Requested to Assist in Bear
ing the Expense of Investigating
the Treasurer's Books.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— The finance
committee of the Board of Supervisors is
to decide whether Alameda County shall
take a hand in having the State Treasurer's
office investigated. A letter was received
to-duy from Messrs. P. C. Jur^ens and
S. L. Hogue, acting as a committee from
the Fresno County Board of Supervisors,
asking that the board of this county assist
in bearing the expense of experting the
books of that ofh'ce in relation to the
swamp land funds. The letter says:
Gentlemen: Having been appointed by the
80, rd ol Hupervisors of Fresno County on
April '22, 181)6, as :i committee to confer with
the counties of this State interested in swamp
land matters, we take the liberty to address
you with reference thereto. A partial Investi
gation of the books and records of the State so
far as iliu same relates to this county shows an
apparent discrepancy of übout 41 per cent of
the money paid by the treasurer of this county
to the state.
Our county would like to know what became
of the money, and it wa* suggested to the
board of Supervisors that perhaps a number
of the counties interested (and your county is
one) would jo;n together and thus mase the
expense o! eiu'h small. The State records show
that Fre-no County paid to th* Rtate up to
July 27, 1868, the sum of $41,309 17. After
this date the State received no swamp land
moneys.
On June 5, 1869, according to the State rec
ords, there was iv the Stale swamp laud lund
the sum of $132,862 67, which was appropri
ated to the various counties, Fresno receiving
I $'24 478 87, leaving an apparent discrepancy
of $15,964; 26, or about 60 per cent of the
amount paid.
We believe that an experting of the State
books would save to this county the greater
portion of this amount and the proportion on
I all demands now being or heretofore made
against the county for moneys paid in prior to
July, 1868, if not already refunded, and that
where refunded the same be recovered by
the counties, if the statute of limitations does
not run.
Your county received or should have re
ceived !f7374 80 from the State, and we be
lieve that the result of the examination would
save your county in the same proportion as
We believe that a thorough 'investigation of
swamp-land matters, as above, and also subse
quent to the time payments were made to the
State, would result in a large saving to the
counties interested, and we believe that it
would be to the financial bflnefit of your county
that you appoint a committee to confer with
us aud otners on this matter.
The Murphy Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— Judge Ogden
to-day made an order of final distribution
of Eugene Murphy's estate, valued at
$300,000. The widow gets one-third and
each of the two minor children get a third.
The clause declaring they should not have
their share until 25 was set aside by the
courts and they come into immediate pos-
I session.
Garber, Boalt <fc Bishop of San Fran
cisco were awarded $7500 counsel fees as
the administrator's* legal advisers. S. P.
Hall, who appeared for the heirs, was al
lowed $750. _
MUST STAND TRIAL.
Stockholders' Liability Will Be Tested
In the Piedmont Reorgani
ration Scheme.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— ln the suit of
James T. Boyd, William T. Welcher and
A. D. Grimwooa against E. A. Heron,
Phoebe A. Blair and the other stockholders
of the Piedmont Cable Company Judge
Key. Edwards Davln of the Central
Christian Church, who says that he is
willing to do anything, even to stand
on his head, if he can thereby build up
th« kingdom of God. Ho is now con
ducting a rational revival in Oakland.
j Frick has overruled the demurrer of the
defendants and now the case must go to
trial as to the individual liability upon ten
bonds in the sum of $1000 each, held by
plaintiffs, which with interest now amounts
to $11,300 and upward.
The amounts claimed to be due from the
individual stockholders are as follows:
E. A. Heron, $583 61; Phoebe H. Blair,
12845 11; Charles R. Bishop, $1908 40; J. R.
Spring, $827 23; F. A. Huntincton, $394 84;
Mabel B Blair-Squire, $461 86; J. L. Brad
bury, $752 07; J. U. T. Watkinson, $383 90;
Ely man Abraham, $376 03; W. H. Liemert,
$«18 96; W. J. Dine^e, $37fi 03.
There was $2,000,000 capital stock, but
only $1,502,500 waa issued. There were
1902,000 bonds issued, and all but the
holders of the ten bonds involved in the
suit entered into a plan to sell under fore
closure, and, bidding it in at a nominal
price, to reorganize under a new name.
This left the bondholders in the cold, and
the} 7 are now enforcing their claim against
the individual stockholders.
KILLED A BOY.
The Berkeley Local Adds Another
Victim to lt« West Oakland
Record.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— Larry Moore,
the nine-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Lawrence Moore of 883 Cedar street, while
out playing with his seven-year-old
Drother at the foot of Goss street this
morninc, was struck and almost instantly
killed by the Berkeley local as it was com
ing from the pier.
The boys were watching the overland
coming from the Sixteenth-street station,
and did not hear the local, owing to the
noise. The younger boy was off the track
and escaped injury.
This is the same point at which a woman
was killed recently. There have been a
number of deaths at this place. The com
pany keeps two flagmen stationed there,
but they could not warn the boy in time to
save him.
SILVER CUP PRESENTED.
Lather Flllmore Rememberod With a
Token of Ksteem by Hli
Employe*.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2.— Luther Fill
more, the retiring superintendent of the
Santa Cruz division of the South Pacific
Coast Railroad, has been presented with a
beautifully engraved silver cup by the
sixty employes under hi 3 charge. On one
side is an engraving of the steamer New -
ark while on the other is a view of the
Santa Cruz Mountains and a train round
ing the curve. The inscription on it
reads :
Presented to Mr. Luther Flllmore on his re
tirement from the superintendency of the
Santa Cruz division of the Southern Pacific
Company by the employes as a token of their
respect, esteem and best wishes. June 1, 1890.
MADE SHORT WORK.
Jailer Lane Scales the Wall and Es-
cape* in Just Three Minutes.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— Chief Jailer
Lane has proved to his associates and
Sheriff White that were he a prisoner in
the County Jail, he would escape in very
short order. Some time ago a prisoner
left without asking leave by scaling the
wall where it joined the building, just
under the jailer's window, at noontime.
While discussing the matter Jailer Lane
declared he could do the same trick. As a
result ol the banter he went out and made
a trial. Chief Deputy Sheriff Charles
White held the watch while the others
stood about to i:uy the tall jailer when he
failed in his attempt. But they were con
siderably amazed to fee him disappear
over the wall In less than three minutes.
As a result of the experiment the Super
visors will be requested to make some
changes in the present arrangement of the
walls.
Books and paper were formerly sold only
at stalls, hence tbe dealers were called
stationers. The Company of Stat oners
of London is of great antiquity, and existed
long before printing was invented; yet it
was not incorporated until William 111 and
Mary, 1655. Their old dwelling was in
Fateruoster row.
MUST RESPECT
ENDEAVORED
Shake-Up Among Railroad
Employes for Recent
Incivility.
FILLMORE ACTS AT ONCE
Impudence to a Minister's
Daughter Is Followed by
Discharge.
A STATION AGENT ADMONISHED
Effect of Complaints Made by Dele
gates to the San Jose
Convention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
<JOB Broadway, June 2. {
There is a young man in this city who
learned to his sorrow a few days ago that
the Christian Endeavorers have become a
power that brooks no insult to its mem
bers. It is also proved that they have a
pull with the railroad that is even greater
than that of Eli Denison.
The young fellow in question was up to i
within a couple of weeks ago a "peanut
butcher" on one of the trains running :
from this city to San Jo9e, but since his j
"experience" with the Endeavorer hosts j
he has been hunting for a position. It all
came about by a display of his freshness j
to two younger members of the local En
deavorers, who had been in attendance on
the State convention in San Jose.
The train was weli loaded with the en
thusiastic young Deople, and all was going
as merry as a marriage bell until the
smart young man set his eyes on two of
the prettiest ana most attractive juniors —
misses about 15 — one a child of an Oakland
Presbyterian minister, who were seated to
gether. He attempted a flirtation, but
failing to attract any responses he began
to make himself a nuisance. At first he
contented himself with making it a point i
to offer them all of his wares, and then,
growing bolder, he attempted to engage
them in conversation. All of his efforts
were in vain, however, and then he be
came insulting.
The young misses were inexperienced
and hardly knew what to do, but finally
decided to appeal to the passengers about
them for protection. A gentleman and
his wife nat across the aisle and they
asked him to drive the younjj man away.
This ba did in a few words and few if any I
knew of the incident, but the passenger j
was so enraged that he did not forget it.
He was one who stood close to Superin
tendent Fillmore and during the week
told him of the occurrance and requested
that the young fellow be discharged, so as
to avoid any repetition of the offense in the
future. Fillmore readily consented and a
day or two ago handed the passenger a
letter showing that the "peanut butcher"
had been dismissed.
The young ladies had no idea the matter
would go any further than the car and will
be greatly surprised to learn that the boy
who bothered them has been discharged
for his smartness.
In the same connection the station agent
at San Jose has received some pertinent
letters from the officials nt Market and
Montgomery streets regarding his conduct
toward theEncieavorerson the Monday they
left that city for their homes. Owing to
his slow movements aud careless "I-don't
care-if-you-do- miss - the - train" manner
there were a number who either missed
their train or had to pay full fare home j
when they were entitled to a one-third !
rate. Complaints were made and he was j
even charged with partiality in waiting on
the crowd. Several sharp letters were sent
him, one being from Mr. Fillmore himself.
The Endeavorers now feel assure I that
when they again take a trip on tne South
ern Pacific tney will be accorded the fair
est of treatment by the officials evendown
to the peanut boys.
THAT TROPHY IS WANTED.
The San Francisco Club Has Its
Eye on the Challenge
Cup.
The Alameda Bed in the "Little Jim
Ward " Will Be Declared Open
Next Friday.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— The mem
bers of the Encinal Yacht Club were
thrown into a state of excitement last
night by the receipt of a challenge from
the San Francisco Yacht Club for
possession of the challenge cud at present
under the care of the Alameda yachtsmen.
Last year the Encinals were the winners,
and Commodore Leonard's energy in
building the El Sueno, and then showing
such a clean pair of heels to the Queen,
was muoh talked of in yachting circles as
redounding to the credit of Alameda.
The challenger thia time is Captain
Sutherland, with his sloop Catherine.
She measures only 25 feet over all, thus
disqualifying the El Sueno from compet
ing, as her length is 51 feet. The Encinals
are not strong in the 25-foot class, their
best boais being the Florence and the
Fawn, yet they say positively that the
challengers will know they have been in
a race when it is ail over. What surprises
them is that the challenge is made out of
the El Sueno's class, seeing that it is a
well-known fact that Captain Billings of
the Corinthians is building a yacht fash
ioned on the El Sueno's lines, and which
when completed is to try conclusions
with the local crackajack.
Several yachtsmen of the other c übs
have yachts that are said to be able todi s
tance the Catherine in any kind of
weather, such as the Truant, owned by
Captain Pew of the Corinthians. The
Encinals say he would not, as a true sport
man, try for the cup because his boat was
not in the same class as the champion.
So far no date nor for the
contest have been decided on.
The Board ot Education.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— At the regu
lar meeting of the Board of Education
this evening accounts to the amount of
$6238.28 were passed for payment.
T' c chairman read the list of graduates
in the High School and it was decided to
procure graduating certificates for the
seventeen pupils. The aemi-annual ex
aminations for promotion were ordered to
commence next Monday.
The auperintendent poiDted out the
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street;.
'TELEPHONE, MAIN, 518 L
< THIS DAY.
Wednesday June 3, 1596,
'■;-:- At 10 o'clock a. m. at salesroom,
WEWIIL BEIX
THE VERY ELEGANT FURNITURE,
COMPRISING : '
1 Elegant Upright riano, Schomacker * Co.
makers; 1 Billiard Table, Balls and Cues; 1 Mag-
nificent Cold I'ilt Frame trench-plate Mantel
Mirror; Oak and Walnut Chamber .suits: Spring
and Cnrled-baiT Mattresses; Bedding; Walnut
Wardrobes; Parlor and Dining-room .Furniture;
Lice Curtains ami Por.iere-r. Oil Paintings and En-
gravings; 2000 yards .Brussels and Moquet Car-
pets; Linoleums ana Oil Clohs; Glassware. Crock-
ery; Ranges, etc.; 1 Horse and UoubleSet Harness.
' EDWARD S. bPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
J. C. lUD 1 Ucjli, II'CTINEEK.
Office— 6ol California street, corner Kearny.
WILL, SELL. TO-MORROW,
Thursday June 4, 1896
at 11 o'clock a. m. sharp,
AT 338 GOLD£N GATt AVENUE,
All the fine furnishings of an 8-Room
House,
Including fine Parlor, Chamber, Dining-room and
Kitchen Furniture, Brussels Carpets, etc.
■ J. C. MUTHER, Auctioneer.
necessity for increased accommodation at
the High School and outlined a plan for
increasing the same a^ moderate cost. Ti:e
matter was referred to the building com
mittee.
R. H. Swayne, as spokesman for some
twenty gentlemen who were present, laid
before the board a grievance which he
and others had against the board. He
complimented the Superintendent of
Schools for the admirable course of study
laid out last year for instruction in the
schools, but he complained that it was not
carried out, or where carried out was only
done in a half-hearted way. He consid
ered the teachers were at fault and asked
the board to see that the teachers did
their duty or to get teachers who would.
J. K. Lynch, cashier First National Bank,
San Francisco, spoke in the same strain
and canvassed the methods used by the
teachers in instructing their classes. He
considered the work done by the schools
fell short of the work done by schools in
Berkeley, Oakland and San Francisco.
H. A. Holt, C. E. Naylor aud others all
spoke in the same manner.
"The Alameda Bed."
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— Mrs. Har
rington, president of the Children's Hos
pital, San Francisco, has notified Mrs.
Charles L. Tilden that the "Little Jim
Ward," in which "The Alameda Bed" has
been placed, will be opened next Friday
afternoon. There is to be a grand recep
tion, open to the public, and it is expected
many from Alameda will be present to
inspect the new building.
The "Alameda Bed" is the result of the
exertions of Mrs. Tilden and her friends,
who produced the operetta "Rival Queens"
and netted $364 for the purpose.
Democratic Politics.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— The Demo
cratic Central Club met this evening and
elected oincers as follows: Jesse F. Ives,
president; J. E. Barber, vice-president; F.
S. Crandall, secretary; Michael Hane,
treasurer.
The following delegates wero nominated
for State convention: Alex S. Baum,
George W. Dennis Jr., Fred Wild, J. H.
Rossiter, H. W. Bradiey, A. T. Huff, W.
J. White, C. B. Russell, D. S. Stanley.
Alameda Parlor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— Alameda
Parlor No. 47, N. S. G. W., elected tbe fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term : J. J.
Flynn, past president; C. M. Day, vice
president; Max Glas, second vice-presi
dent; C. N. Bolte, third vice-president;
R. H. Fallmar, marshal; Max Gundlach,
financial secretary ; T. R. Hanson, record
ing secretary; O. A. Bremer, treasurer;
Dr. M. Fond, surgeon; J. E. Barber, trus
tee.
Injunction Salt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 2.— Late this
afternoon Judge Ogden issued an injunc
tion on the petition of Attorney Bruncr
against the city authorities, forbidding
them to interfere with the putting up of
any more poles of the Delanoy plant.
AFTER THE TOOL THIEVES.
Union Carpenter* Displeased With
Police Judge Campbell.
For years past the carpenters and other
workmen of this City have been frequently
made the victims of sneaK-tbieves who
stole their tools, which were sold for very
small sums in the second-hand stores.
The carpenters have at last taken hold of
this matter and will do all in their power
to put a stop to this line of thieving.
Union 483 last evening, in passing a reso
lution on this matter, gave Police Judge
Campbell a Blap for the stand he took iv
the case of a self-confessed thief recently.
The resolution reads as foliows:
Whereas, It has for some years been the mis
fortune oi enrpeaters working on buildings
in this City to hav.e their tools stolen, thereby
suffering loss of money and work, preventing
them from earning a living for themselves and
families, we, th-e carpenters of Union 453, are
hereby determined to prosecute all who are
caught stealing tools to the fullest extent.
On May 22 last, a sneak-thief named Mohler,
who hud at last been caught stealing tools,
was arraigned before Judge Campbell, and on
the plea of his mother that the tools had been
stolen to get money for her. as she needed
food, the kind-hearted Judpe let this convicted
tool thief go for thirty days, and if he ap
peared then, end no other charges were
brought against him, his case would be dis
missed.
What about the carpenter, his wife and chil
dren who had to go hungry, not because some
one had stolen his spare cash, but lied lobbed
him of his tools and his ability to earn bread
vMt
wIMI
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling. '
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
6uch a motto as that
V^X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«Lk«fc|«« ti'JK k KAR\ V ST. Established
' n JSS4 for the treatment of Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KF.AR.\rKT. Established
In 1554 fortlietrentmentof Private
piseiis»-s, LostManh'MKl. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmtnd and
JffjgPtlKa Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhcii
wiraaß^ othersfall. Try lit in. Charges low.
r^g&Uffg^/,^) riirtf«»nar:iiilffil. Cullorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. UIIIBVX. Box 1957. San .Francisco.
MPORTMT AUCTION SALE
or Elegant Furniture, Mantle Mirrors,
Grand Oil Paintings, Etc..
LAURENCE VINCENT,
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant,
Office, room 610, Spreckels Building, 927 Market at.
THIS DAY,
Wednesday June 3, 1896
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
502 TAYLOR ST., NEAR GEARY,
I WILL SELL
The Elegant Parlor Upholstery, Magnificent
Mantel flirrors. Upright Folding-Beds,
■ Cherry, Walnut and Oak Chamber Suits, Chiffon-
iers, Wardrobes, Parlor. DesSs; fine Oil Paintings;
Body Brussels Carpets; elegant Bedding and Hair
Mattresses; Bed Linen; Sideboards, and an im-
mense quantity of Household Furniture too nu-
| merous to mention.
NOTE— This residence is furnished completely
I from top to bottom. Not a single piece of furni-
I ture reserved from lie sale."
BPJKCIAL NOTK-The sale Is made by order of
DR. W. P. SPRAOUK, on account of his departure
for the East. Parties desirous of furnishing will do
well to attend this sale. Terms cash.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
for his babies? Why did not Judge Campbell
In this case do his duty to himself and the
I community and sentence this convicted tool
j thief and his mother, the receiver, to the full
est extent the law allows and assist to prevent
workinginen from being robbed of their ability
I to earn a living? The sooner the workingnieu
I elect Judges who will be honest to them and
punish those who steal tools from workingmen
the same as though they had stolen from mil
lionaire corporations, the better.
We ask all workingmen to closely watch the
case when the thirty days expire and act ac
cordingly next November.
A. E. Carlisle, President.
W. T. Bartrtjm, Secretary.
•—»• — » »
If and ley's Death Benefit.
The jury in Judge Daingcrfield's court ha«
ordered the distribution o£ the death benefit
of the late Detective Handley lo his mother.
His daughter by a divorced wife was suing
for the money. She alleged that undue in
j fluenee was used to make Handley assign to
i his mother his death benefit from the Widows'
| uud Orphans' Association, but the jury gave a
I verdict for the defendant. The amount is
t $ 1000.
OCTTAT* STEAMSHIPS:
ASTORIA ANiPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Biateof California sails.. Jnne 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and '-'7
From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier '24) at 10 a. sc
bUODAIiU PEKKINa"* CO.. Genl. Sojit*
M. if. CONK OK, General Agent,
630 -Market stream
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP compact
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
| PUGET SOUND.
First Class. $8.00
Seooud Class ... .£S. GO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PEBKINH <fc CO.,
' . General Amenta.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPIW
STEAMERS WILL. SAIL FROM J&£&-
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as ■*mMBT
follows:
For Mary Island. Lorln«, Wrangel. Jnneau, £11-
-lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., June 3,
la, 18. «8. July 3, in. la, 'JB.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and New
Whatcom (Bellineham Say, Wash.). 9 a. it.
Jane 3. •. 13, 18, 23. M, ana every fifth,
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. B. X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Por; Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, '2 p. m.. Jane 2, ti. 10,
14 IS. 22, 98 3 > an.l every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, Bast Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 0 a. m., June
4. H. 12, 16, 20, "24. 28 and every iourta day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban I.vis Oblapo), - Santa Barbaca, Port Lot
Angeles, Bedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. k.. -hi .• -2. 6. iw, 14; iR 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
or Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, L«
raz. Altata and Guaymaj (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. v., June 2, 27, ana 25th of each inoiuli there-
aft- r.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PJSRKIN3 * CO., Genl Agent*.
10 Mar ice st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ da™ jo
HAWAII, SAMOA, SU HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, )T1 by
AUSTRALIA. AUSTRALIA.
13. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra ts.
S. P. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU ami
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June '25,
at 2 p. K.
Line 10 COOLGARDIK, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
COiPAGIIE CEIERIL TBASSITLI3TIi|DB
French Lin<» to ETavrr*.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW),43NORTH y»**l
\J River, foot of Morton St.- Travelers by fiivUi^g
this line avoid both transit oy English rallway~ajj
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, 1 via l\»ri*
lirat-ciass $160: second-class, $116.
I.A TOURAINE. CapU Santelll.. May 2$ Ba. Sf.
LA NOBMANDIE...... May -'3. 8 a. Jf.
LA GASCOONE ....;■ Jn c '20, 7 am.
LA MIX »l.\Ni>lr..... M Inly 4. 6 a. m.
I.A GASrOOGNE. July 23. 11a.m.
LA NORWAVDIK .Aunustl, 6 a. m.
LA BOURGOONE, Capt. L«b'>euf. .June 6, 7 A. k,
JSP* For fartner particulars apply to '■
- - '■>'.« -A. FOROEr. Agent,
. - «.rr« No. 380 i j nu . Green, New York.
J. F. TVQA7A <fe CO., Ageni* 5 Montgomert
•venue. Han I ranciac. • _^
WHITE mR HUB.
United States and Royal Hail Steamen
. ■ BETWEIX
New York, QueeVistown & Liverpool,
. ; SAILING JSVKKk' WEEK. .
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «-.
ing to steamer end arrornmoiln.tio.-is £fiS|
•elect*'!; second cabin, $35 and *-10: Majf and
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from .England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway »nd Dtnraaric
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Doclf. or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
02<l«l Umod Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM JACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /s^fU
► fortnightly for the West Indies and <£&■
Southampton, calliiu en route it C'-rbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $105: third
Class, ¥97 60. For further particulars apply to
1-AItROTT & CO., Agents,
' 306 California «tc
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At .> I. :>i, l>aily.
Sunday at 7 P. M.
J9fs" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
.:,;;;;;■■/.. ..,,:■ SIfcAMKKr -.- .■ .■ 
T.C.Walker, :;■ J. D. Peter*,
Mary Oarratt, . . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cay K av. and Impt. Co
fallejo, MARE isl d, *BE*IfIA, post
: COSTA Asd:cr«ckrtt.
STK. MONTICKIXO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. »
' and. 1 p. it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m. 3:30 r. MI
Sunday— B p. m. ' '. -
•i r. h. only.
Landing, aiiaaioa I, ?i«r «.
1314
ALAMEDANS MAY
PAY LOCAL FARE.
If They Do, It Will Not Be
Without a Hard
Struggle.
PREPARING FOR A FIGHT
The Southern Pacific Soon to Put
Gates on Broadgauge
Cars.
FACTS QUOTED BY A LAWYEK.
Sliglit Dependence on the Statement
That the Barriers Are but
Safeguards.
The announcement that the Southern
Pacific Company will within the next two
months equip the cars of the Alameda
broad-gauge local trains with gates has
caused a furore in the little city across the
bay.
Having in mind past illustrations of
railroad methods, the citizens are aus
picious of the statement that the gates are
only intended for safeguards, and the ma
jority believe that the company will at
tempt to collect local fares as soon as tne
barriers are introduced. In fact, so sure
are they that such is the intention that
the only points raised are whetner it will
be better to oppose the introduction of the
gates or the collection of the fares.
City Attorney Taylor and the members
of the Alameda Board of Trustees are of
the opinion that it will be better to await
developments. Mr. Taylor yesterday out
lined the status of the broad-gauge line in
Alameda. He said: "It seems that the
:.'rn Pacific holds no franchise for this
branch, and to that fact a number of Ala
medan* pin their faith. It is claimed that,
such being xhe case, no local fare can be
charged.
"The right of way now owned by the
railroad was originally obtained by A. A.
Cohen in the early sixties. At that time
Alameda was not incorporated. Ttie road
ran Dart of the way along an open street,
known as Central avenue, and they simply
used that street, and for the rest of the
route purchased the land they needed.
About 1865 Cohen sold out to the Southern
Pacific Company. In 1872 Aiameda was
incorporated, but the railroad never at
tempted to secure a franchise, seeming to
rely upon Cohen's right of way. Nobody
has ever questioned these rights because
fare has never been charged. If now, how
ever, it is attempted, the question of their
ri_ht to do so will be raised. I have not
looked into the matter very closely, but
will at once co into it.
'As far as the narrow-gauge is con
cerned, there are three franchises for that.
The principal one, dated in 1377, provides
that the company shall conduct the road
according to the laws of the State. At that
lime there was a State iaw which pro
viued that no local fare should be charged
by a railroad from point to point within
the corporate limits 01 a town. This law
has since been repealed, but it is a question
if under the terms of the franchise it does
not still hold good."
The members of the Board of Trustees
have none of them gone thoroughly into
the matter, and most of them seem
satisfied to wait until the railroad indicates
that local fares will be charged. In that
case they promise to make things warm
for the Southern Pacific.
FINDS SOME FAVOR.
Berkeleyans Think There May Be
Good In Gates, but Not
In Fares.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jane 2.— The pros
pect of local trains with gates on them
appears to be viewed by Berkeieyans with
general satisfaction, though many citizens
are strongly opposed to any innovation
that will do away with the system of free
locals. The announcement that when the
new gates are brought into requisition
they will not be guarded by ticket-collec
tors, as in Oakland, makes the railroad
company's contemplated move a popular
one.
The principal objections to a withdrawal
of the free-ride system would come from
school children and their parents. A large
number of attendants at tne public schools
use the local trains four times a day in go
ing to and from school, many of them be
ing compelled to go as far as from Dwight
way to North Berkeley, over more than
balf of which distance there is no street
car line.
"As long as the free ride system between
Dwigbt way and Berryman is maintained
I tnink the introduction of gates will be a
vast improvement over the present sys
tem," said S. D. Waterman, principal of
the public schools.
Warren Cheney was decidedly opposed
to the new scheme until informed that
free rides would still be allowed, when he
declared that gates would be an improve
ment. ''To charge fares wouid be a great
injustice to North Berkeley." he said. "In
fact I doubt whether under the law the
railroad could collect fares, though tnat
in if nt not bother the corporation much."
Other prominent citizens are equally dis
posed to favor the new plan of the rail
road.
"I was one of the jury in the Quill case,
which recommended that the railroad be
compelled to put gates on the trains," said
Joseph J. Mason. "I think the practice of
boarding moving trains should be ended at
all costs."
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
■"John A. and Alice N. Ulnch (Dee Hutaff) to
I.RUra M. Colemann. lot on 8 line of Post street,
77:1 W of Octavia W 25:10 by S 1^0; $10.
Solomon Reiss to Jachiel Meyer, lot on \V line of
hroderick sireet. 125 N of Grove, N2sby W 100
-$lO.
liny M. and Sarah J. Wood to K. P. E. Troy, lot
on N line of Point Lobos avenue, 106:8 W of Cook
street, W 80 by N 100. subject to mortgage; $.0.
M. Morgenthau Company, a corporation, to John
(iunn. lot on S line of Tuentv-flrst street. 50 W of
Potrero avenne, W 38 by 8 7i); $10.
K. H. and Christirm il. Dettner to Anna Dreyer.
lot on Comnvcrciai street, 110 S of Twenty-fourth
and 100 \V of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W 25 by S
•25: $10.
Lucius L. Solomons to K'la M. Ball, lot on 8 line
of Sacramento street, 92:6 E of Leavenworth, E
•_"2 by sß7;ti: $10.
George F., Chbrle? H. and as attorney of Edward
E-, John W. by attorney, and Belle Shiels and
Jean E. L. Allan to Shiels Estate Company, undi
■ix-ee~e ths of the following: XX corner
ol >'i)ikton and • 'Farrell streeis, N 137:6 by E
i:-! 7:6; also lot on S line of Bush street, 137:6 W
'" Montgomery, W 68:9 by N 137:6: also lot on S
line of I'.ush street, l:-> 7:6 W of Montgomery, W
»>*:» r,y H 137:6: also W corner of viOtH and
Brmno-D stnets, NW 2UO, SW 1011, sk 40, s\V 86,
sfc 160. XE 185: aIBO lo on \\V line of .Minna
street, 375 sW of Third. SW 20 by NW 70; also
01 mi NW line of Minna street. 45;> >W of Third,
SW '25 by NW 70; also leasehold.of lot on SK line
of Mission street, 275 SW of Third, SW 275 by sE
100; also property in Sonoma arid Kern counties;
aiso any and all property; $5.
AI.AMKH* COI'NTY.
< harles Redecker to Rudolph Redecker. lot 15,
block B, lands Of Oakland View Homestead A«mo
ciaLlon, Oakland; $10.
John and -Mary Ferguson to A. K. ana Maggie
McDonald, lot o:i E line of Poplnr
108:7.60 s of Seventh, S 25 by E 115. being lot
16. block 490, Briggs Tract. mat> 2, Oakland: f 10.
-. I', and KUeu Sine idr to An«on S.Blake
(trustee), lots 24 to 27, quitclaim deed, < )aklaud;
mo.
I-ouis L. and Mattle E, Alexander to Arthur P.
Alexander, lot commencing at a point on the di
viding lots 24 and 26 property Oakland Homestead
As-oclation, 125 N from H Prospect avenue. X
150 by W 153, beinx portion of lots 20. 'ii and '24
on Map of Property Oakland Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland: $10.
1 rink __ ami Kose H. Wilson to Charles L.
I Hu-kids. lot 14, block 6, Daley's Scenic Park.
; Berk.'l v: $10.
Robert and Mary H. Kinpon to William C. Pond.
: subdivisions A and B in lot 8. block 795, Watts
j Traci. Map 2, Oakland: $5.
1 . Pelger to J. .1. Lamping, lot on NW corner of
Teleerabo avenue and Kirn (or Twenty-fourth)
street, S 100 by W 99, block O, Kelsey Tract,
UHkiand; $10.
V. . . ami Mary Moody to Celine nreenbood. lot
od Eiinf.it Kifteenth avenue, 47 NE of Seven
teenth street. N 30 by X 100. block 42, San An
tonio, EaW Oakland: $5
George L. Wilson to Clara M. Wilson, undivided
third interest in lot on E line of Kverett street,
250:3 from us intersection with center of Lincoln
avenue, extended thence E"to dividing line be
tween the Foley Tract and Hays and Caperton
Tract, thence N to S line o Buena Vlaui avenue,
W [O a point, thence S 25, S to beginning, Ala
i n;<Mn; $10.
! Same o same, undivided third interest in lot on 8
: line of Blanding avenue. 263:0% W of I'ark street,
\V 150 by IS 145, being lots 5, 6 and 7, bloc «l 43,
j Minturn Tract. Alameda: $10.
! Same to same, undivided third interest in lot on
! E line of Park street, 100 >> of Eagle avenue, S
! 100, E 148:0^_, N 100, W 147 :4i<2 to beginning,
i being lots 1 and 2. block F, Alameda Station
: Homestead Tract, Alameda: $10.
! Same to same, undivided on, -third i. lot on N
; line of Pacific avenue. 18 ro.is E from the dividing
line between the Aunhinhaneli 'J23 acre tract and
(hipman street. W of 111-acre tract, E 11 rods
Hn.t 14 feeu NE 1038 feet, W 18 rods, S to begin
ning, Alameda: $10.
Angelique R. (ioodall to Kred L. Button, lot on N
line of Spruce street. 100 E of Davenport. E 50 by
i N 100, block 32, map of town of Woodstock, Ala
mtda: $10.
Catherine Abjohn to Innocent! Lacorio, lot on
NX line of Calhoun and Regent streets, E 106:10
by N 50:10, being the west 106:10 of lot 3, Boule
vard Tract, Alameda: $800.
I Thomas ana Modena I. Scott to same, lot on N
i line of First street, 50 Eof L, B 50 by JS 100, blocK
j Q, Livermor*, Murray Township; $10.
! S. B. Boyce. T. G. and Delia Harrison and Cen-
I tral Bank'to Delia A. Smith (wife of John B.)i lot
on X line of Edwards s:reet, 300 Eof Telegraph
avenue. E 50 by N 125, being lot 7, map Pacific
Theological Seminary Trac . Oakland: $10.
G. W. Westlake to Anna M. Jones, lot 21, block
H. Broadway Terrace Tract, Oakland Township;
$10.
Mountain View Ceme'ery Association to Annie
A. Catton, lot l<-0 in plot 36, Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township: $112.
Builders' Contracts.
John Sullivan with Joseph Sullivan, to erect a
three-story building on S corner of Harrison and
Dore streets $ '■ 0.
Jane Ten body uiih E. P. stone, to erect a three
story frame building on XX corner of Jackson and
Jones streets; $4916.
Koh: berg. Strauss A Fronman with Wiliiam T.
Field, alterations and additions at Nos. 103, 105,
107 ami iO9 i'o~t Street; $MOU.
James Hallihun wi:h Neil Molloy, alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building On a
line of Seventeenth street. 185 E of Noe; $1275.
Julius Kosensilrn with 8. (iiletti, to erect a six
story and basement building on NW comer of Slit
ter and Hyde streets; $17,975.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai._
'lO Market street, open until 12 o clock ererj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery itreat
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, op«t
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
IPS* CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. »
&-* ' and A. — Semi-annual meeting __%_
and third degree, THIS WEDNESDAY, at «_/f
7 o'clock sharp. By order of the W. M. /^^\
11. FORTRIEDE, Sec.
gr~s= EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. m
&-*' and A. M— Stated meeting THIS Ik
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, June 3, at IT Tf
7:30 o'clock. THEO. B. SMITH. Sec, r^p\
St~S= MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. ■ '
56-—^ and A. M.— Stated meeting THI>_A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 "Xjf
o'clock. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. 'V^
ffCS- CALIFORNIA COUNCIL NO- 2, •
B— ? R. and S M.. will meet THIS A_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, .Inn*' 3, atVY
7 :30 o:clock for business and degrees. By/V>
order of the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder.
p-_S» MORSE LODGE NO. 257. I. <s_*r^_ss>~
sV— B' O. O. F.— Election of officers £• - "»«5
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. •^*JBE§r
June 3. All members are requested to x wyi\\v^'
be present: visitors cordially invited.
CHAS. H. FRICKE, N. G.
C. Brind, Rec Secty. -I ;.-'-_
ot^S= FRA NCO- AMERICAN <smMMic
£>-^ Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. The^^^^.
officers and members are requested to -J^gJS^^S'
meet at their hail, WEDNESDAY, "••" .
June 3, 1896, at 1:30 p. it., to attend the funeral
of our late brother, FRANK LACUA.
TH. .SCHABIAGUE, N. O.
R. I avisse, Sec.
|trs= R~A N CO- AM E I CAN ■_«■■_»_. "
» ; - ? Lodge No. 207. I- O. O. F,, will Jh___|k
meet THURSDAY, June 4, at 8 P. M.
Election of officers for the ensuing "*»W«B»**
term. Initiation of candidates. Officers and
members are earnestly requested to be present
T. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavione, Secretary.
aF^p^A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 1— %-^i
so-~^ Regular monthly meeting will be VOwjf
held at Hibernia Hall. "120 Ninth str»ei, S&v"||
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Jutier^_K*i»
3,1896. Candidates for admission anu'J^Ct
visiting members are invited to attend. Election
of officers and other important business. This will
be the last chance to settle lor tickets of la.c pic-
nic: those failing to settle same will be charged on
the books. P. LYONS, President.
J. J. Lane, Secretary.
Bf_s=» A. O. H. DIVISION. NO. 6. AN'-%xS^ '
■f-* 7 cient Order of Hibernians of the B. \_w'Jf
and E.— You are culled to attend your regu- 'tt,wjf
lar monthly meeting THIS (Wednesday
EVENING, June 3, in Irish-American*_r^gr
Hall, at 8 o'clock sharp.
THOB. LOGAN, President.
P. McHugh:, Secretary.
K-aS 3 TO THE OFFICERS AND A
t*— members of the Austrian Bpnevo-K_»°sl
lent Society. — You are hereby notified >o»yj_£?
attend your quarterly meeting, WKDNEs-
DAY EVENING, June 3, at 8 o'clock, at *W*^
your hall, 413 Sutter St. Each and every mem-
ber is requested to be present for important busi-
ness. Fines for non-attendance will be strictly
enforced. By order. M. SCANATICH, Pres.
A. Connich, Secretary.
P. s.— Members having picnic tickets must make
return* for same at this meeting.
XS 5 THE regular meeting OF THE
»— ' Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'rith Hall, 321 Eddy St.. THIS (WEDNES-
I DAY) EVENING, June 3, at 8 o cock. Nomina-
tion for officers. JOHN B. CAMPBELL, Pres.
qp-:_s= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
■*& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50
postage free.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
j^Sp^N^TlclT^r_^A^rmjN^D^^HTLDßEN
»—^ In the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1895— Martha Frost, age 7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Dee_ey, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary Hig-
gins. age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
jjtTS 3 R. HARRISON HAS REMOVED FROM 7
B»—^ 1118 Market st. to 11 Taylor, room 1.
i jrr_S= ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW R. W. KING, RE-
flk-*^ moved to Chronicle bldg., room 91; advice
free; debts, insolvency, legil papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9.
j_^g=> N TICK— PART OF THE PRIZE TICK-
™~— ? ets has been missing of the Retail Fruit and
Poultry Dealers' Association, at their picnic held
In San Jose yesterday, therefore all dona ors are
kindly requested to keep their donations until du-
pllca.e prize tickets are issued by the association.
By order of the COMMITTEE.
Jf-^gr" COFFlfiY'a COLLECTION CO.. 235
Ifc^-S" Kearny St., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
Bt_2S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
w—^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montiry st., room 6. Tel. 6580.
»-_¥• A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THR
ttsr WEEKI V CALL. id wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS VVANTEU-EEMA-E.
TTIRENCH GIRL WISHKS PLACE AS MAID
X orgoverness: no objection to traveling. FEW-
TON .V CO.. 122 Geary st. ,
UMBER OF RESPECTABLE SWEDISH
-' girls waiting for situations; cooking, general
housework, second work and first-class waitresses-
city or country; good reference. 1120 Mission st.
"I ADY OF EXPERIENCE WISHES POsT-
; Xi tion as housekeeper, companion to invalid or
any position of tnut: thoroughly reliable- refer-
ences if required. Address MRS. L. S., Oakland
office Call.
WASHING. IRONING OR HOUSECLKaN-
'» ing wanted by competent woman. Call or
send postals to 36 Alabama St., bet. Twenty-sev-
enth ana Twenty-eighth.
A NT ED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
»' lompanion or nurse to a lady: domesticated
and fond of children. Address E. 8., box 73, Call.
vi iiTdle-aged GERMAN LADY WISHES
I*l position as housekeeper; best of reference*.
Address 1019 Noe st.
ENGLISH GIRL WISHES TO DO IK) I si -
worK and pUin cooking in small family • no
washing; no young children preferred: $12. Ad-
dress W. P., box 61, this office. *
RESPECTABLE woman WISHES situa-
Xt tion to do general housework; plain cook and
laundress; good reference. Call 364 Jessie.
C I ATIO N WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
O cook; city or country. Apply at 819 Lombard
si. at present employer's.
, ( IHi II WOMAN NTS SITUATION -CITY'
O or country; good cook, baker and laundress -
references; also experienced infant's nurse wants
position; Protestant. Call 637 Minna st.
GIRLS WANT SIT CATIONS TO ASSIST IN
general housework. Call or address 45 Sacra-
mento sL "f"^'i ."•-.'■■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896,
' SITUATIONS" WANTED— Continued.
-Tf^ruITG^GERMAN i WOMAiT~ .WISHES
X position as housekeeper in refined widow-
er's family: country preferred. Address V., box
64. Call Office. »
TJESPKCTAMLE GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
JX eral housework or chamber— ork; reference
given; wages $15. Address 33 Crocker st., off
market. ■ -. : --"- - - - - ■ '
p IRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO LIGHT
\X liousetvork." 337 Dore St., off Bryant, bet. j
Ninth an 1 Tenth. . ■ •
I WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY. TO
I ** do housecleaning or washing. Apply 411 Polk
1) ELI ABLE WOMAN WISHKS SITUATION !
l\i as cook or laundress. Apply 611 Ivy aye.
GOOD COOK WISHES A PLACE; CITY OR
countr.-: best of reference. Apply to 419
Franklin st. ' ■
DRESSMAKER: PERFECT FITTER; FINE
work: will go out by the day or work home:
reasonable. 41 Eddy St.
A M ERICAN CATHOLIC LADY WISHES
_:*. position as working housekeeper: competent
I to lake full charge; best city reiereuces. A. C,
box 39, Call OUi.e. : ' ' '..--■-
-ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
I\> the day, cleaning, washing or ironing; is capa-
ble to do up fine linens. Call or address Laundress,
746 Mission 5..; 1! days.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL, 16 YEARS, WOULD
like place for light housework. 318 Bratinan.
"yOUNG SWEDISH GIRLS WISH SITUA-
j 1 tions to do general housework. Apply 1135
Florida St., ne;.r Twenty-fourth.
T~~WO YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS
X to do lUht housework and mind baby. Call or
! address 101 Precita aye., off Mission st., near
Twenty-eighth.
IRL WISHES SITUATION FOR GENERAL
housework: city or country; best references.
I Address 1703 Howard st.
■yOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUAf
! X tion to do general housework or take care of
' children; sleep home. Call or address 742 Folsom
1 st., near Third.
I 1" French girl wants situation TO
' X take care of children or do upstairs work. In-
i quire at 820 Frauklin St., Oakland.
I I \RESSMAKER AND SKA»iSTRESS; GOOD
I X' finer and draper; sews 50 cents a day. M. N.,
box 92, Call Office:
QTYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHES MORE
0 engagements by the day in families; good cut-
and fitter. 1 16 Welsh st., near Fourth, between
Bryant and Brannan.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
VJ for general housework: no postals. Apply at
j 16 3 Silver st.
ADY, EXPERIENCED TRAVELER.
1 XJ wishes to go East as nurse or in any capacity
1 for expenses. Address W. 8., box 62, this office.
I pKRMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
I VI do light housework: good home more an object
than wiiiies; city or country. 416 Sixth st.
"OU.NG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
j X tion to do gtßernl housework. Inquire 559
\ Bryant st.
Strong young girl wishes situation
to do general housework and plain cooking.
I Call 2417 Clay St., near Fillmore.
EDUCATE D, REFINED GERMAN • LADY
X- desires position as companion, assistant to the
' lady 01" the house and teach German to the chil-
-1 dren: no objection to the country. Call 1585 Folsom.
RESSMAKER, LATELY FROM THE EAST,
would like a few more engagements by the |
1 day: terms reasonable. 915J^ Howard st.
I WEDISH-AMERICAN GIRL WISHES A
: £5 situation in a respectable family to do upstairs
worn and care or children; wages $10. Apply at
i 940 Bryant st., bet. seventh and Eighth, in store. ,
; COMPETENT, .RELIABLE WOMAN WITH
I V c. ild 8 months old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and housework. Address L. C, box
34, Call Office.
TRONG, INDUSTRIOUS. HONEST WOMAN
wants situation in hotel or boarding-house or
! in the count is willing to work. Address A. D.,
. box 37, Call Office. ___^
""OUNG LADY, A STANFORD STUDENT,
X would like position as governess for the sum-
I mer: best of references. For particulars address
lA. L. BRvJWN. 413 Eddy st. ,
yuU.NG 1 DOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
I X with a child wishes a housekeeper's pos : tion or
I some light work to do. Please call 917 Market St.,
j room 18.
\\r INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
' " Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
i $1 60 to*6 per week; convenient and respectable;
j free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
V.J day: washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
I Eleventh st.
' a rt-EtK'B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-TB.K I
-rV. WEEKLY CALL, in wrauper. for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— 31 ALE.
WuI.KIMiMAN WANT^TsTf i ION
' on ranch. FENTON A CO., 122 Geary st.
UNTtCR A CO., CiiINKSK AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb St., ■ below Kear-
ny. bet. California, and Sacramento, tel. 231. .
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE' EMPLOYMENT
V, office; best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 42&
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
i \J l'.b.tuu_'a SWJ. . -<L 'i-PLii'.si COOKS; ALL
I X .branches :shorl r.otloe. i4Gearr, tel. Grant 4^.
W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
• ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
1 • RIGHT YOUNG MAN DESIRES POSITION
I > as private detective; understands his busi-
ness; strictly confidential. Address S. C, box 65,
J Call Office.
! YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK; HANDY AT
1 X painting, whitewashing, paper-hanging: will
1 work reasonable by the day; city or country;
I good references. HARRY, box 82, Call Office.
pLERK WISHES STEADY PLACE IN
VJ grocery-store; experience had; can furnish
reference. Address Clerk, box 62, « 'all.
OOD EXPERIENCED ~ GERMAN BAR-
keeper wishes situation; speaks Scandinavian;
city or country. Address B. T., box 25, Call.
! ITUATION WANTED BY A STRONG
O young man, to drive delivery wagon or truck;
experienced. Address E. T., box 69, Call Office.
yduNGMAN, WHO HAS JUST COMPLETED
X a sbor hand and business course, wants a sit-
uation in an office. Address J. M. X.. 322 Turk.
TjRIGHT BOY OF 14 WANTS A PLACE: NOT
I I ' afraid of work; prefers a place in machine-
-1 shop or butcher business: wages $3: lives home.
! Address Industrious, box 80, Call Office.
OY, 16 YEARS OF AGE, WOULD LIKE TO
I-> get work in the country. Call or address 1627
Howard st.
T HAVE TOOLS AND WANT EMPLOYMENT
X as carpenter or painter. Address C. P., box
67 Call Office.
T3 ELI ABLE YOUNG MAN OK family DE-
XV sires position as janitor, watchman, driver or
nor er; references if required. Address L _". C,
615y 3 Birch aye.
PAPER-HANGER WITH TOOLS WANTS
X piecework; paper hung 9c per roll. 620 Lar-
kin st. -
\\- AN 1 KD-PLACK IN CITY OR • OUNTRY:
''expert on cattle or horse ranch to condition
for market or work. J. T. HINES, box 108 Call
Office, or General Postoffice.
SITUATION WANTED A3 ENGINEER;
k~ good machinist. Address B. S., box 14, Call
Office.
L IRST-CLASS COOK WANTS SITUATION;
P good references. HARRY ROBINSON, 1426
Mason st- .
r ANTED— SITUATION AS COACHMAN OR
'» groom: 4 years with last employer. Address
C. P. A., 312 Sixth st. •
CAPABLE AND. INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN
man and wife want situations to take care or
take full charge of a private place or small ranch:
man Is gardener and handy man, wife good,
strong . houseworker. Address Gardener, 403
Ninth st., Oakland.
\'OUNO MAN DESIRES CLERICAL POSI-
• tion: thorough knowledge of bookkeeping; Al
penman; first-class references. Address 142 Sev-
enth St.. room 31.
OUNG man WANTS work of ANY KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced clerk; will
drive wagon; best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office. .
yOUNG MAN OF 18 WISHES A POSITION
X in wholesale house; understands bookkeeping
and shorthand. Address G. HAMILTON, 25 Perry.
\V ANTED— POSITION AS MECHANICAL
'•engineer; twenty years' experience: very best
of reference. W. W. FEI.TKR, 566 Howard st.
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
ORCHARDIST WANTS POSITION 1 0 TAKE
charge orchard; vine-*, stock and general farm-
ing; fifteen years' California experience; Al ref-
erences. Address Ranch. 312 14 Fulton st. .
yOUNG MAN. WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
X stands designing and cutting ladles' cloaks, de-
sires a position; first-class tailor; good references.
441 Natoma st.
THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AND INDUS-
X trious man desires garden-work; is handy with
carpenter tools. 629 California st. -:. _^_
LEMAN OF 13 "years' EXPERIENCE
vJT wishes position as steward or manager in good
Lotel; city or country; the right man for the right
place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office.
OMPETENT HOUSE PAINTER, WITH
\J tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
city or country; will work cheap. Address Painter,
23 Pleasant st.
SITUATIONS WANTED "BY GERMAN COU-
O pie without children; wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambermaid: man to take care of horses,
cattle and garden, or as porter; references. Call
or address E., 319 Ellis st.
IS CHEST KR TTIoUsE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
V | AN AND rVIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
l'l man understands general work on private
•lace, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second ■ work ; references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
ExperTkncep WINEMAKER AND ceT-
JCj larman (German), for the past 10 years lore- '■
man in large California wineries, with -class
references, seeks employment: country preferred..
Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles. . -
\\T INCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
' * Market— Electric lights in every room ; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. -
FEMALE HELP w^_Ussi^_,
HiRT^MSH^R^FOR^TROY MACHINE,
O country, $35 and board; 2 manglers, city laun-
dry, $18; waitress for city restaurant, $20 and
room; chambermaid, wait 1 meal, city, $20. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
p ERMAN COOK, CITY, $25: COOK, CITY,
VT $22 50; girl for ranch, Suisun, fare paid. $20;
girls for San Mateo, Haywards and other country
and city places, $20. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st. . • •
pOOK; SMALL MOUNTAIN RESORT: FARE
VJ paid; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
\V ACTRESS, ■ PLAIN HOTEL NEAR CITY,
»» $20; waitress, hotel, Amador County, $20;
chambermaids and waitresses, $15 each. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 Clay st. .
MEAT WOMAN TO COOK FOR MEN, $20,
-Li see party here; girls for housework and cook-
ing. MURRAY A KEA DV , 634 Clay st.
W ANTED —PROTESTANT COOK AND
'» laundress, a short distance, $25; second girl
across the bay, $20; seamstress and second girl,
$20: 3 cooks. German style, $25; German or
Scandinavian nurse. $20: 3 cooks, institution and
restaurants, $25 and $30; 2 waitresses, $20. and a
large number of German, Scandinavian and girls
of all nationalities for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSKTT <fe CO., 312 Sutter St.
W' ANTED— WAITRESS, SUMMER RESORT,
" $15; chambermaid and waitress, hotel. i*2o;
German girl for housework, HSU; young girls to
assist, »12 and $15; cook, country ,$26; French
second, same place, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton. .
("CHAMBERMAID, PLAIN HOUSE, CITY, $20;
V waitress, country, $20: shirt-ironer, country
hotel, $30 and girls for housework. R. T. WARD
«fc Co., 610 Clay st.
W ANTED — A PROTESTANT CHAMBER-
'» maid for private family in country, $20; a
chambermaid to assist waiting in country resort,
$25; also a waitress and Chambermaid for first-
class hotel in city, $20 each; cook, small family,
in San Jose, $30; second girl, small family, in
city, $20: 20 good housework girls. $25 and $20.
Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 !-utter St.
YY ANTED- WAI TRESS FOR PLAIN HOTEL
'» in Nevada; $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK, COUNTRY,
" $30: waitress and chambermaid, $20; three
waitresses for summer resort, $20: first-class
nurse for two children, $26. Apply to MISS K.
PLUNKETT, 424 Sntterlt.
pHAMBERMAID, $20; COOK, $25; WAIT-
\J ress, $25; nurse, $20: cook, $30; cook, 2in
family, $20; nurse, $25: 25 bousegirls, country,
$20. Apply 315 sutter St. ■
VOUNGLADY FOR OFFICE WORK AND TO
X keep glassware samples clean; wages $15 a
month. Address, in own handwriting, Glassware,
box 120, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— A LARGE FIRM DOING AN EX-
'' tensive business both wholesale and retail
would like to hear from a bright, active woman.
Address Wholesale, box 36, Call Office,
\\' ANTED-GKNEKAL- TAILORESS; ALSO
" young man not over 20: must have some ex-
penence in tailoring. 307 Fifth st.
y XPERIENCED HANDS ON DUCK SUITS,
XJ waists and wrappers. SIG STEUER, 126
Eishth sU
\f IDDLK-AGKD GERMAN LADY, WITHOUT
Ii- children, for a widower's family with grown
children. Address F. 8.. West Berkeley.
ANTED — APPRENTICES TO LEARN
'» dressmaking and millinery. 1234 Golden
Gate aye. . . v---
P ERM A N GIRL FOR COOK AND GENERAL
VJ housework. Call, 2to 6, 604 McAllister st.
"YOUNG GIRL FOR~~G"KN_RA_ HOUSE*
X work: assist with cnild. 2215 Bush St., 9 to 12.
HEAD WAITRESS CITS', $25] HOTEL
Gazette, 420 Kearny st.
Ur A N e~d"-g IRLTO HELP ON TAILORING.
483 Tehama st.. cor. Sixth, store.
GIRLS WANTED TO WORK ON VESTS AND
r apprentices of experience. 641 Stevenson st.,
\ V OMAN TO HELP COOK. 136 SECOND ST.
IDOLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO LIGHT
housework. 844 Foisom st. _^____:
p OOD OPERATOR ON PANTS; ALSO SMaRT
V-* young girls. 1018 Howard st.
GIRL TO WORK IN RESTAURANT, 131
Third st.
\T 6~UNG NURSEGIRL, $5 PER MONTH. 837
Twenty-fourth St., near Dolores; old number.
R ESSM AX ER WANTKD. CALL WEDNEB-
-day morning, 2CBB Market st.
APPRENTICE TO" LEARN ON CUSTOM
XV coats: paid while learning. 508 Pacific.
PINISHER~ON GENTS' WHIT- SIURTB TO
X 1 work steady In factory. 521 Valencia st.
IV' ANTED"— A GIRL BETWEEN THE AGE OF
"20 and 35, for Santa Clara, to assist in the
care of two small children and light housework:
wages $15; references required. Call at 1300 Tay-
lor st., cor. Washington.
COM PKTKNT GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
-1 eral housework: must understand cooking.
317 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED school - TEACH er in
X_ another line of work; references. W., box 9,
Call Office.
LMRST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. 604 BUT-
-T ter st. ■ ■ ■ ' ■•■ ■ "■ ■ -
IjMRST-CLASS TAILORKSS ON COATS. 604
' Sutter st.
U AIR DRESSING, 26c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes; 101cssons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRKSSING,
XJ manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post, r. 20.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
VJ street.
A PPRENTICKS--PPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
"V. Tues. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
I VRKSSMAKING, "CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
'25c uo. McDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP AY ANTED. '
H~~eXd "COOK.' SECOND
a resort; head and second cooks for a spring
hotel, $eoauds4o; second cook, hotel, $35; cook,
hotel, city, $45: bellboy, hotel, $15; lroner on
Troy machine, country laundry, $36; porter and
play piano for a resort, country, $30 and found.
C. R. I.ANSEN „ CO., 110 Geary St. S
I* TEAMSTKRS FOR FRU IT RANCH; $20 AND
vJ found, see boss here: 4 farmers for fruit ranch,
$20, see boss here; 3 farmers for orchard, 7.'c day
and found: 10 farmers, $'-'0. $26 and $30; Danish
farmer, $30. see boss here: 3 Swiss milkers, 9-0: 4
milkers, south, $25: redwood-tie makers. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO.. 110 Geary st.
MAN HANDY WITH CARPENTER'S TOOLS
for a country hotel, steady place the year
around, $25 and found, see party here; 6 scraper
teamsters and loaders, near city, $1 a day and
found. C. R. II AN SEN & C 0.., Ill) Geary st.
O(i LAB fREItS FOX SAWMILL AND WOODS,
_ \J no experience required, half fare paid by
company; 20 tiemakers. MURRAY READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
1 A LABORERS. CITY WORK, $1 60 A DAY;
X\J Danish teamster, $30 and found. MURRAY'
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
] A LABORERS TO DIG IRRIGATION
1" ditches for a large company's ranch: $20 and
found. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
tiARMER AND WIFE, $35; SEE BOSS HERE".
MURRAY & READY, 6.4 and 636 Clay st.
1 LACKSMITH FOR A SAWMILL, $30 AND
• ' found; cnorcoal burner, 10c a sack; 3 stable-
men, city, $25 end $3') ; working foreman ;stable-
man who can drive team, $32 50 and found. MUR-
RAY _ REA D V, 634 and 636 Clay St.
Of\ FARMERS FORORCHARDS, RANCHES
OVJ and vineyards; $20 to $26. MURRAY' A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
1 A COOKS, $30, $45, $50 AND $60 ;.5 WAITERS,
X\J $30; 3 dishwashers, $20; hotel porter, $20;
ranch cook, $25; old man to cook for 3 men on a
ranch, $12: slop bawer, $6 a week. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st,
"I MILKERS, $25 A MONTH AND FOUND;
XU 10 haymakers. MURRAY _ READY, 634
an 636 Clay st.
ID MEN FOR sawmill AND woods, LONG
AVf job, $20 and found, half fare advanced; hay;
makers, farm hands and teamsters, $20 and $26.
teamster and wife, $35: kitchen bands, $16. • R
T. WARD <fe CO M 608 and 610 Clay St.
1 p. MEN FOR sawmill AND WOODS. $20
XO and board and increase; steady job: half-fare
advanced. R. T. WARD <t CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
ANTED— G LAZ KR, $2 A DA ; CHORE-
man, $15; shepherd, $15: farmer and wife,
$30;. Swiss milker, $25; man to repair harness:
Ctaoreboy ; farmer. $200 a year: German or Scundl.
navlan night clerk, $35; wallers, cooks and others-
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
ANTE.. --COOK AND WIFE AS WAITRESS,
" country resort, $40; hotel cook, $45 oyster
cook, $35; 3 laborers, city, $1 a day and board: 2
teamsters for grading work, $1 a day ; waiter, $15,
etc LX N ANDRE. 315 Stockton Si. :
Vy ANTE& — BUTTER MAKER AND SALES-
'» man for a milk, butter and egg depot In San
Francisco, must be an American and single, first-
class place; $30 per month and found: American
milker, short distance in country. $20; butter-
maker, Sonoma country, $25:2 milkers, Marin
County, $20, fare 75 cents: 2 farmers for first-
class ranch, $25 each and going wages In harvest;
milkers for Oregon, $20; Scandinavian : teamster
for city, $30 and board: 20 ; Scandinavian 10 peel
taubiirk, K26 and . board milker, Napa County,
$20; cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc. W. D.
hWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTKD- 20 SWEDES, DANES, NORWE-
Kians and Russian Finns to peel tanbark:good
long job: $26 per month and board; steamer sails
Friday; fan- $6. Apply to W. D. KWER _ CO.,
626 Clay st. r ■ : -
.. ANTED-2 MEN FOR LABORING WORK,
■' * $1 a day and board. Apply to MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 424 Butter st. . . , .- .
BA RB _ RS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROEBELL, 657
Clay st. '.---• • ■ '■■: ' ■
YY^ ANTED— AN ENGINEER FOR STATION-
" ary engine; must thoroughly understand his
business and care of dynamo. - Address this office,
Riving* age,' nationality, references, time at last
place and wages .'required; only a man who can
give convincing proofs of competency will be em-
ployed. -" -..-;•■ :-■•'■- ;.•:, '■ :"'■.; -'■
\V ANTED— YOUNG MAN RESIDING WITH
.'» his parents: mußt be good and rapid penman
and correct in figures: with some knowledge of
bookkeeping. Address Penman, box 7, Call Office.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
T\fAT?TEr^ivrAN TO~~A(?r AS^ TICKET^
TV seller and treasurer for a first-class enterprise;
must have $100 as security. • Call at 846 Mission
St., second floor, room C, from 11 a. m. to 2 P. if.
and from 4toB P. Jr. Manager.
\AT ANTED— YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR-
» 1 her trade. Inquire at JOE'S, lo7y Hfth st.
AKBER— YOUNG MAN WITH SOME EX-
perience. 1089 Howard St., barber-shop.
ARBER WANTED— YOUNG MAN; STEADY
job. 609 Howard st.
Y OUN G MAN TO TRAVEL AND ASSIST
X piano-tuner. M. T., box 3, Call.
1 BLOCK _R AND FINISHER. BOLTON <_
STRONG, photo engravers,' slo Montgomery.
IRST-CLASS MERCHANT TAILOR CUT-
-1 ter. Chicago Woolen Mills. 667 Market st.
\\J ANiED — FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER;
»» steady work fora good man. 109 Fourth st.
ANTKD — COACHMAN, GARDENER,
German waiter at once. Columbia, 128 fourth.
OLICITOR WANTED "AT I GOLDEN GATE
Dye Works, 342 McAllister St.-
ARBER WANTED WEDNESDAY, SATUR-
day and Sunday. 21 Vi Ninth st.
\\rANTED-fiRsT-CLASS BARBER AT 1219
" Steiner st., n ar Eddy.
ANTED-A GOOD BARBER. 858 BROAD-
way, Oakland.
TRONG BOY TO LEARN THE HATTER'S
trade. 755 Mission st. .. ■
TTrst-class waiter. 16 STOCKTON st.
QHOEMAKER WANTED on REPAIRING
0 and new work. 202 Fifth st.
BARBER-SHOP AND TWO SUNNY LIVING-
It rooms, all well furnished; large yard; cheap
rent; no opposition: trial given; clears about $100
a month: price $150. Address M., box 142, Call.
ARBERS-3 GOOD BARBER CHAIRS AND
fixtures for sale cheap; to be removed imme-
diately. Apply 222 Stockton st.
TOE— PLEASE WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
O tant news for you. MAX, 476 Jersey.
\\r ANTED— FIR^T-CLASS MEN'S CLOTH-
»' ing salesman; must be good stock-keeper.
RAPHAELS.
HEAD BUSHELMAN, ONE WHO UNDER-
stands making alterations and examining
I work. 541 Market st.
ANTED— STEAD. MAN TO LOOK AFTER
" office, handle cash, etc.: duties easily learned;
j clears $65 to $75 to each : capital required, $175.
j GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market st.
BARBERS— NEAT. WELL-PAYING SHOP
for tale: runniDg 2 chairs; rent $5; price
; $150. Apply to STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
: L> A RBE R>— Jr'UK EMPLOYMENT «.ALL SKC-
! XJ re'.arv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. 9, FTJCHBb
oAKJJKRt,' ASSOCIATION Ox' 1 Ai. EMPLOY-
J> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2: 9Va O'Farrell.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET\
Xi 3d and 4th— Singleiurnished rooms, night 15c to
; 60u;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest ntten-
| tion 10 morning calls: clean; quiet; open all night.
AKBF.K SHOP FOR SALE; 15-CKNT SHOP;
Western Addition; clears $20; cheap. Apply
I Call Office. ■
i. AKBKhS, ATTENTION— 3-CHAIR OUTFIT,
I' complete, for sale at a sacrifice; must be sold
on account of removal. Apply, to STOLTZ, 630
I Market st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth St.,
I Oakland, Cal.
Bew. PLACE IN THE city for second^
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% -MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $2 week.
TUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE,*S2I
0 Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
lQc, 1 6c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
U' ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
! married men between ie ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become- citizens will be
; accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
I portunities 10 visit all parts of the world on board
1 our new cruisers. For further information apply at
1 the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. t '
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
balf-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
INC~HESTER"HOUSb;. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
M Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; BOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
j ANTED— MEN TO \ ARN BARBER
j " trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
I catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA : who CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKRBURN A <^6., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oner
and list of 200 inventions wanted. :V .>S
(KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, teL m. 353.
EST IN CITY— SING 1 E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50
XL per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
Air hat" cheer house, 629 sacramento
»' St.. 200 rooms; best in the city slng.'e room*
20 and 25c a night, 91a week: meals 10a
\\T ANTF.D-uABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms: 250 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
1 IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
• ' sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 15c night.
li.jvME.n TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
XV'U and 20c a night. including cotleo and roll.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
Wfc ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
» » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\ 1 EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
l'J all grocers keep It.
"VI EN'S - SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
SIX nearly new, 26c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
IriREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
' also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
IU4Y ACM*; HOUSJi..Vio7..\IAKKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a. night:' $1 a week.
\\r ANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»» v«-ek; rooms for two, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
rradlne-room: daiiv papers. 36 Ciav st.
AGENTS WANTED.
"_^MfT^T~\V^\*?Tl?D^ ; Ofr^rH^^o7vST; " A
-A. good selling novelty. 146 a Fifth St., rear.
I ■
HOUSES WANTED.
ANTEIJ^AN U^TJrnTsHE JO HOUSE;
about 30 rooms; good location. Address
A. I ■■ 711 Bush st.
ROOMS WANTED.
IA D PIANO TEACHER WANTS~IrOOM
J and board In respectable family: will pay
$12 50; country preferred. E., box 4, Call.
Thorough TE"aCHER.OF VOICE CUL-
- X ture, elocution and piano will exchange lessons
for unfurnished rooms. Professional, box 58,339
Hayes St. ' • - - . .■-.--■
FURNITURE WANTED.
Jn^ONrMlAlTD^uTiNTruTtE^^ TO
O fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere lor furniture to nil country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st. '
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR -FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
SBASCU, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
VJ. Hire, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 113S Market; tel. Jessie 701.
■ WANTKD-MISOKLLANKOUS.
l^s'i^XsS^ET?TI^lT^'iLTEXCirA^GE
X dentistry for furniture. D., box 15, this office.
HIG H ST PRICES PAID LADIES'. GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
SELL YOU BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
plrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth we: send postal.
L.OST. "
t ostlmonday, on oakland~b6at or
XJ cars or Sutter-st. cars, white enameled 4-leaf
clover lace pin > with diamond center: valued as
keepsake. Leave with DAVID BUSH, O'FAR.
— JELL &. CO.'S, 11 Montgomery, and be rewarded.
ost— Last sunday, diamond . scarf-
pin, Castro st. bet. Twentieth and Eighteenth:
electric cars to Park; suitable reward. 706 Castro.
J pOX - TERRIER SLUT, WHITE BODY,
-T black head: name Nellie. Return to 3 Lincoln
place; $6 reward.
T ADIE^' PURSE LOST THIS A. M. CORNER
Xj i niton and Flllmorc sts.: $10 reward. BUO
Fulton st. ' : s .
T OST-BUNCH OF KEYS. FINDKR RETURN
XJ to 738 Market st. and receive reward.
OST— A BIRD DOG; WHITE. WITH BROWN
spots; $10"reward. 961 Howard st. . ■ ' ■ ■ -,
T OST— $25 WARD— SMALL DOG; TAN
Xj color: black stripe : down back; white ring
around neck; white feet ' and - tail. The above re-
ward will be paid ' by returning same to W. T.
CLARK. Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market sts.
FOlT>il>.
I~jK)Un7^w"aTeT£Tpa^^
J 534 Hermann si. ■■•■--■■.:■ .. - . : ;
TYPEWRITERS.
I XT OST. $^OT^LKfRTPH~S2^T^ENTrFOR
[ X sample work. SCOTT A BANNAN, 333 Monty
BUSINESS^CHAJfrCES^
TVTOTICE! HAVING BUYERS- WILLING TO
Xi invest In some legitimate business, those hav-
ing same see HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st
ESTAURANT AND COFFEE SALOON; VI-
XV cinity of City Hall; business $25 per day; trial
given. HEALY, 23.Kearny st.
<B»9;:n partner WANTED— Al CASH
«Ip_iUU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
fl_--A SALOON, WITH LIVING-ROOMS,
t]J)OO\J. doing average $20 trade per day; near
Oceanic Wharf; low rent: lease: a sacrifice.
WILKK & WOLF. 531 California at. -
$7£»fl CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
<D> I O\J. witn living-rooms, on Larkin st. ; low
rent; good place: kept by owner for years: rare
chance. WILKE A WOLF. 631 California st.
dfcCAA, CORNER BAR; WESTERN ADDI-
•JpOVJyj. tion; club and living rooms; lease;
money-making place. , WILKE, 531 California st.
01»_ljrii CIGAR-STAND WITH LARGE PAT-
«3P *x«JI'. ronase on Kearny st. : establis»ed
years; rare chance. WIIKE A WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. ■
I f\C\ CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
•»UU. ly furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location- lease; rent $65; sacrificed account
sickness. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
<t-9^fl PARTNER WANTED IN CHOP-
t]p_jUl/. house; excellent paying place: owner
first-class cook. WILKE & WO F. 631 California.
<J_7T^A CANDY FACTORY AND STORE;
«lpO_»U. corner, in the Mission; value of stock,
$1000: receipts $16 to $2 1 daily; living rooms. M.
LES-. CO., 7831/2 Market St. _____
<j_l -t\ FRUIT AND TAMALE business
TjpXtJW. north of and near Market; clears $10
weekly. M. LESS CO., 783 V Market St.
OL'Q^nn FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
<3pZOUU. bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade: best class of custom; big bar trade; good
outside route; cheap rent; owner's: time occupied
in another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LESS «fc CO.. 783 y g Market st. .
d_l &f\f\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
«jp± »)UU. house in extra good location, north
of Market st.; elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost
capacity; highest class of custom; best prices;
Owner going out of the State. M. LEsS <_ CO.-
-783y 3 Market st. - .
OS* i(\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
<ipT:UU. north of Market, selling on account of
death in family. M. LESS <fc CO., 783y 3 Market
<J_Q.^n RESTAURANT LOCATED TWO I
<JpO«JU. blocks irom Crocker building: excel- |
lent business; receipts over $30 daily; old estab- <
lished; rent only $35. M. LESS A CO., 7833?. I
Market St. .
(2* I ) FLA BRANCH BAKERY ON * BUoY j
*&i>O\J. street; central: good stock; nice fix- i
tures: living-rooms; choice place. M. LESS A
CO., 783% Market st.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF HER-
chandise. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<l_^nn GROCERY AND BAR; FtNKKSI'AB-
lished place doing good business; the
stock is fresh: rent cheap and the locality fine:
see this at o ice; a rare chance; good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
U-UHO RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
«©«JU\J. lor clearing $35 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain ; see
this at once: object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl./(Arv FINE MILLINER STORE: PRIN-
tJT'iUU. cipal street of the city: reason for sell-
ing is going to Europe. T. LUBKLsKI, 7 City
Hall aye. - .
'Si 1 E\f\f\ beer BOTTLING WORKS; 3
«IP -* «JUU. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye..
ffljO- A PARTNER FINE RESTAURANT,
fJj—.c'U. doin? $25 a day business; paying well;
see this. T. LUBELSKI,"7 City Hall aye.
©OX 7- ROOM HOUSE;. ALL FURNISHED;
«TPO»'. the roomers pay more than the rent for
one-half the use of the bouse; it is a snap and see
it quick; everything furnished complete. T.
( LUbELsKI, 7 City all are.
flgvf X FINE BUTCHER SHOP WITH
UP»> I O. three horses and one wagon and all the
tools: fine location in an interior town; good
trade; Investigate this tine country place and you
will buy it. S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
O;9^||n GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
•? ._jU"V/. corner stand; doing fine; rare chance
for fine grocery investment: see this place at once:
the fullest investigation; located north of Market
st. T. LUBELSK I, 7 City Hall aye.
LLKGANT GROCERY WITH 2 TEAMS:
jj well-established business; fine location; in-
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
EST BARGAIN ON EARTH, HALF IN-
S.J trrest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day;
old established; profits, $10 to $15 per day; full
investigation before buying: will ta'<e good secur-
ity or trade; a snap: cheap. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st.
■\V ANTED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU-
*' ran 1 , furniture; also lodging-houses; we have
' plenty of money to speculate on bargains. { Co-
lumbia, l'.!8 Fourth st. • . ' ' •
TFYOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
X trade or exchange, see us at once: will sell your
business in 3da or treat; we have snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
Q* AZ.f\ RESTAURANT, NEWLY FITTED,
near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st.
©(•;; A CORN GROCERY. BAR: WEST-
?ipU«JU. em Addition: well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STKNBERG CO., 632 Market st.
(BjOAA SALOON IN~B~USY part OF town;
fJpK>\J\J. cheap rent: don't miss this bargain.
STENBERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
CjQAA/i PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
tiPOUU''. established steam-laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses ana restaurants: valuable outside
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if properly attended ; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
fl_ OAA CORNER SALOON; NICELY FITTED
«lpOv/U. up; good location; wholesale district;
offered at a sacrifice: owner has 2 places. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market St.
(JJOAA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE,
tJiGUU. Al location; horse and wa;on: re-
ceipts $15 day. BARRETT SKIPP, 921 Market.
S*>".n BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
is£O\J. city. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market
(JJ7CA, WILL BUY CIGAR, STATION KRY
<[p I O\l and notion business; clearing over $100
month: building included: ground rent small;
rre:it bargain: I'.ARKETT „ SKIFF. 921 Market.
0.i.^.-mj.N _ Co 'S BARGAINS. . ~~
J..,i .. - iw.v <_e«'S BARGAINS.
Clear store, one of the best, on principal street;
low rent; cheap. ' •
Restaurant on Kearny st.; receipts $25 to $30
daily: price $650.
Bakery, old-established; price $300.
Butcher-shop: 2 horses, wagons; large trade and
route; price $350.
Corner grocery and • bar; established 9 years;
extra large stock.
See JOHNSTON A CO., 26y a Kearny st.
*fI?QXA CIGAR-STORE. FINELY FITTED
«iP«j«Jv/. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
ner, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; slock will invoice price asked. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st.
fflji t{{\(\ $850 CASH, COFFEE SALOON
<jP-LU\/\7. and restaurant: one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market st. ; elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from $50 to $60 per
day; best of reasons for selling. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. .
■ft!_{.Kl|- >ALOON AND 18- ROOM LODGING-
«ffJT:«Jw. house; must sell; worth $1500; will
trade for lot. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
ft-Lflfl RELIABLE PARTNER; COMMIS-
tiT -tv'v.sion business ;clears ss day. HEGARTY.
1004 Market st.
OMrTin^FOR HALF INTEREST IN GOOD
<lP'JvVr. paying roadside house, or $1100 for all:
fine gardens for private picnics. HICKOK <_ CO..
8731/2 Market st. *
ftMfiO -, FINE BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
*!T>O\J\J. cry store, situated on Noe street, near
17th; good Btock|on hand; doing good cash busi-
ness; this Is a buy. HICKOK „ CO., 873y 3 Mkt.
GROCERY-STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ stock, doing large family trade. This Isa fine
opportunity to et good paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. Mill AN, 509 Kearny st.
dl* (■ A FINE FRUIT AND PRODUCE STORE;
<.'\J* receipts $14 per day; abargain. Business
Exchange, 777 Market st.
ftl 7^ SUITABLE YOUNG MAN TOTAKE
»JJ)X I U. equal interest in stereopticon outfit «nd
join one of experience now aboui to start on an
exhibition ami lecture tour, taxing in Seattle, Yel-
lowstone Park, Salt Lake, Yosemite, etc. Address
.stereopticon, box 109, Call Office.
LURST -CLASS COMMISSION BUSINESS,
a handling extensive, consignments of produce,
poultry and eggs: good will and fixtures; excellent
location: investigate to convince yourself. Ad-
dress E. C, bo_ 87, Call Office.
ONG- ESTABLISHED, CENTRALLY LO-
cated tailor-shop) account of sickness. L. 8.,
box 2. Call Office.
<Bil ~(\ EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
t$)X-O\J. stand: clears $80 per month; sold on
account or sickness. Apply cigar-store. 205 Larkin.
pozY saloon; central and north of
V' Market. Address Cozy, box 36, Call: 110 agents.
XT" OR SALE — CITY DRUGSTORE; GOOD
X stock and location; low price. Address A. L.
P., box 62, Call Office.
I^OR SALE — CIGAR, AND STATIONERY
X store; good living rooms in rear; good opportu-
nity for man ami wife. Apply 29 Ninth st.
BAR BE SHOP: 2 CHAIRS, 3 BATH-
tubs: in country town; no other baths In town;
part security ; a bargain. . Columbia. 128 Fourth.
COALYARD; BEST BARGAIN' IN CITY;
VJ horses, wagons, etc; honserent free; long
lease: no agents. Apply Call Office.
RE -T A U RANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOX
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and . climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3'Jlsi Mission.
■ Jj» '/!\(\i I■ ' EXPRESS AND TRANSFER BUSl-
t]p^<J\J\.) . ness; owner here 12 years; $200
month clear; will remain 2 months with buyer;
part cash, Owner, box 23, Call.
' BUSINESS CHAJ» CES— Continned. '_
(_»l-r PLEASANT, PROFITABLE . BUSI-
wp X f O. ness suitable for lady or gentleman: es-
tablished and extending to all the coast and inte-
rior; this Is good. KENNY A CO., 766 Market St.
_• if\fi LODGING-HOUSE; 10 ROOMS AND
rh _;IJU-. ba;h; most desirable bl< ck on Post st.:
only six minutes' walk from Kearny St.: house full
of desirable roomers; is a bargain. KENNY
CO., 765 Market ' _____
_n-nn PAPER ROUTE CLEARING $200
,lt)_iOUU. per month, which will be guaranteed
by owner of paper: trial before buying. KENN V _
CO., 765 Market st. ■' .
(n.O"X LODGING-HOUSE: 11 WELL-FUR-
(fcZ i 0. nished rooms; No. 1 location: low rent;
house full. KKNNY A CO., 765 Market.
WJZCi RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
ODV. house in Immediate vicinity of Baldwin
Hotel: fine business. KKNNY A CO.. 765 -Market.
ARTINEZ HOTEL -TO RENT. UNFUR-
nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; in good
order. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
1/OK SALE— SO 9 POST; SUNNY DINING
X* parlors ; rent paid in board. '
pROCr.RY' ANDSALO'IN FOR SALE; GOOD
VJT location; best of reasons for selling. ■ Inquire
room 40, Chronicle building. -
_•! OAA GROCERY; _ ROOMS; HORSE
tjpl _.UU. and wagon. 918 Central aye.. Ala-
• meda. . ,_
/GROCERY AND BAR; GOOD LOCATION
VJT and business. Apply Call Office.
ALOON AND FIXTURES; PRICE $100; A
bargain. 424 Ninth st.
m.OAA WANTED -PARTNER IN Light
V/V/. manufacturing business; remaining
partner thoroughly posted. Address Partner, box
46, Call Office.
X\T ANTED-PARTNER WITH $600 IN WELL-
* established, light manufacturing business;
large profits. Address A, box 82, Call Office.
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63- Market, room 2.
\\T ELL-ESTABLISHED CANDY, TOBACCO
"» and stationery store, with ice cream and ta-
male parlor attached; for sale cheap. Apply 1314
Howard st. . ■ --Q:-V- -. - '
HOTEL 26 ROOMS, CHEAP: SELL ON AC-
count of sickness; rent $35. Apply this office.
O LEASE IN MA YFIELD, SANTA CLARA
county, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
THIRST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY'
X I for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of groun 1 and building as de-
sired. Address J.. box 164, this office^
! _ STATH »N_RY STORE; GOOD
-rY corner location; cheap rent. Address H. 8.,
box 101, Call Office^
ROCETv AND BAR; 3 LIVING ROOMS;
" X good location. Call at 28 Ratisch St., bet. Sev-
enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom. ■
\\J ANTFD-RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
» ' cash. Address S., box 2, this office.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
PROCERY~AND~bXR; WELL STOCKED;
vJ" cheap; make offer. 2201 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
OARDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
account of sickness, Apply Call Office.
q_k>7C BUTCH ER-SH UP, FIXTURES, 2
f]T_- • O. horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars sea
LUHRS BROS., 144 First St.
/ 'ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
\J lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. 2
]7OR SALE CHEAP— BAKERY AND COFFEE
X/ saloon, with living-rooms: rent low. 306 Fourth.
If OR RENT, UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
' ite Mouse," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 23 bedrooms: In good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra Inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLI'MI'P, Folsom. CaL
ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
" with us: will sell It in 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. .
"COLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN.
-T and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st.. basement.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QjOfi SACRIFICE: 7 ROOM HOUSE: FULL.
_>OU. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market St.
Qi , kHA 50-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
tTp I i)UU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
<J_ -AA LODGING-HOUSE: 36 WELL-FUR-
»jp t \J\J . nished rooms; rent $75: long lease;
fine location: north of and near .Market St.; house
rilled; paving $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY & Co.. 765 Market st.
,> 1 fill LODGING - HOUSE. 13 ROOMS.
e_>XU"; nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house T. TO BUY OR 7 City Hall aye.
ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
1 C ROOMS: FINE CORNER $150
1 «JlO-room house, worth $1000; price 40li
40 rooms; fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
46 rooms on Market 5t.... 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opposite Fiftn.'
O^-ROOM CORNER HOUSE. $1000: WORTH
-i $2500: must be sold. DE- KER, 1020 Market.
OG ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ONLY $1 200,
00 worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 A R OMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
-1 U nished: $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FUKNIXL'KK tOR SALE.
LEGXivr TATTvVXiOrJ^E^R^O-I^SET^AT
a sacrifice. 843 Castro.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
In Ire sale : ~ '
1 Prices stand till goods are completely div
posed of.
Oak bed .......,, M . ........... ...... ,...«m 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves _, . 7 5(1
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard .....% >... 55
Matting, peryard la
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
ana. Till such time we are conducting busiDa-n
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission BU. J.
NOONAN.
_|Wl CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
T:I7V/ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds.
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
CAKI'KT CLEANING.
p RKAT EASTERN STEAM C A FiPErFcLE AN^
VX Ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Übant.
ONES t'U CARPi.I' - CLEANING AND
v renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
PARPETS CLEANED, 30 A YARD; LAID So.
VJ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth St.
WHKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor * or_ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
pONKI IN 'SCARPKTEKATING WORKS. 33_
VJ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STIiAItCARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
Ing works; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. OEORGE.otnce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FERGUSON <fe CO., 23 Tenth; teU
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH «6 C0., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
. 14th si. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RKN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: lei. south 228.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
n EMERSON? $200; STERLING^ $100;
Bluthner, $100. BRUENN'S Piano House,
228 Post st. -■
LOU SALE OR KENT, CHEAP— A HAND-
X; some upright piano in perfect order. The Pied-
mont House, 115 Sixth. »
FINE DECKER BROS. FOR $125 AND A
square for $60. 1019 Van Ness aye. ■
GREAT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINE . UP-
rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. VAIS, 769 Market st.
VI AGNIFICENT HA RDM AN FRIGHT IN
i-'X first-class order, must be sold at once; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of its value. Room 21, 809 Market st.
L»EAUrIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT. SAC-
X> rificed: mustbe sold at once. Room 10, Flood
Building, Fourth ami Marke sts.
LEGANTUPI.I 'l-lA.So; Lil'iL_ . ».-. .;
bargain. Sheriit's warehouse, 211 Larkin st.
<J_ztn ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT for SALE
»]p'±L». on $5 installments. 221 Leaven worth st.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post st. .
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious wareroorus at 933 Market 1., opposite
Mason; bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A Gerts and Kn:ibe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. l. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post St.
p LOS INO OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\.> small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT. 929
Market St.. Spreckels building.
** I V'S £ iS IV 1 WHICKERING; SCHMITZ, 16
<$>i~jv. McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER. ST C kT" ST fc. 1 N WA Y . sT ATH A M
second-hand uprights cheap. lots McAllister.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the : West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed aa represented. Kearny and Sntter. .
A XK _ V I> LoT OP CELEBRATED HIGH-'
x_ grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUBBERS, 82 Ninth sl
C!^ iCK . EUIXO ' KSABK. STKCK.VOSE, STER-
v^ ling pianos: see our new piano lor $187; piaaoi
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ 16oFarrelT
L>YRON MAUZY,: 308 POST ST.— SOHMEK,
XJ Newby. & Evans, -Brlggs »nd other planps.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MOLLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.nnrsKs TO LET.
HOUBI a KICK HOUBIB AND OTHERS
.to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND 10
Momeonifri- st. ;..
. .1 .\i.v,.\, NK,\R FIFTH AND MIBSION-4
—\J nice sunny rooms: rent cheap. - - -
I-! /••""HYDE- HOUSE OF 7" rooms and
IX\J bath. Inquire a: 418.
WHY) LX AVENW O R T H — HOUSE 10
*-— ''— rooms; beautifully sildated; lare
ernunds: rent very moderate.
FUKMSHED H O USKS.
VT I • W HOUSE ; N E. COR^ErT~WESTEIIN
-> Addition; elegantly furnished; 2 lines of cars
pass house; only adults; responsible parties. Ad
iir. «s.F. N., box 67, Call Office.
7'->i7 ELLIS — FURNisHED HOUSE OF 9
I ' » ; l rooms and bath. Apply on the premises.
.'"'•: . COTTAGES TO LET.
fpOTTAO £rNE A*RLY~NE w7T~ROOMs'_ND
\y bath: latest improvements: fine stable and
■War-n. 828 Hampshire st., near Twenty-first.
P OTTAGE: $11: -1 ROOMS AND BASE-
VJjn^nu -;•--' Kingold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
■QIA AND UP; FINE, CLEAN COTTAGES
■ QJ-V/. and flats. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
UNN Y COTTAGE; 4 AND ROOMS, BATH,
0 bftgement and large yard. Dolores and 16th. ■
FUKKISHJKD FLATS.
"U" I N E F SISHKDFLAT^ SCHWT
I Brooms: reasonable: afternoons. 800 a Webster.
FLATS TO LET. ~
FLAT— A NIC Hr^Fl, A T "a ND^OTIIERS^TO
T rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
7OQ- <'ROVE- LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
I -iO bath: light, sunny yard.
1 OAT STEINKR. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
I. " F I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
rTUVO NICK FLATS: RENT CHEAP. 39 MER-
X rilt St., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
pONVENIENT SUNNY FIVE-ROOM FLAT;
* rent $13. Corner Nineteenth and Hartford,
Castra
'ft I• J • 3 LARGE rooms; yard. 409 thir.
«£ 1 tJ. teenih st. above Valencia. .";■■..■-
:<Jlf| 417 GRi EN; FIVE ROOMS; NEWLY
<p_ .W. cleaned ; garaen and yard.
T-. SUNNY ROOMS; BATH; 2219 FIFTEENTH
_V.'Bt.: rent $14: water free; cars 1 block.
fTPPER SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS. 29% ZOK,
, *-> bei. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Bran nan.
flj I 1 FOUR NICE ROOMS; 515 THIR-
-0 1 X . teenth at., bet. Guerrero and Market.
,A AND BROOMS; BATH; $11. $i 2,513; ELEC-
' -~t tic lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
LOWKK FLAT~4O77~TW_NTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
.yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
"fij-l .} 6 ROOMS IN GOOD ORDER; YAKD;
. .<£)_.._.. cheap. 3121/ a Eighth st.
UNNY FLATS; 3 ROOMS; YARD; EASE-
ment; $20. 810 and 812 Ellis st.
•iI YY7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
jv I V Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
i •water free,
.' "L" 1 LEG ANT NEW FLAT*. SEVENTH ST., BE-
XZj, low .Brvant. 6 and 0 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
• ': ■ _\ HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.'
California Street. "
. »r.qi CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
—• '• ) J. ntshed rooms and bath for housekeeping;
;cheap. Call before Ip. _:.
. "'. Kills Street.
qi Z. ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED rooms
OXO complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
• ■; . ' Fifth Street.
: O1 A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
' '.'I 1 keeping rooms; cluset. bath; no children;
private.
Fourth Street.
*; FOURTH— 2 CONNECTING FRONT ROOMS
y for housekeeping; reasonable; also single.
: : '»'_>«/« FOURTH — SUNN V ROOMS; SINGLE
. ■■-. "7 and housekeeping; faniiies; newly fur-
. fished; day, week or month.
■ "•Hi! FOURTH— BURNISHED HOISEKEKP
■ a.yyj I ing rooms; bedroom and kitchen; $8 and
: *c. ■ ■
; ".; Harrison Street.
' ill 7 HARRISON— BEDROOM AND KITCHEN
.■^t A • furnished for hous«-keetilng: $8.
\ ;*-^<k HAHRISON — DOUBLE FURNISHED
■■' I <J\J rooms, $4 up; housekpngand single, cheap.
.■.•;':• .. ' Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
■•*u rooms: nicely iurnished with or without
.'. : &Hchen; gas and bath.
: Howard Street.
••■fenc HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
'%J^,<J pete for housekeeping; reasonable.
"••7fi_L HOWARD — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
.; • V/"i for housekeeping; other rooms; cheap.
'"•1 IJ9 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
" J-i"J— ing rooms; range: rent $10.
Hyde street.
: -O' HYDE, COR. GOLDEN GATE: SUNN'S
■■ *-«J corner room; light housekeeping; $8.
'91 C\ H YDE ST.— 2 SUNNY FUB NIsHED
r IU rooms, complete for housekeeping; no chil-
d ren. >
Ivy Avenue.
• mIVY AYE.-2 NICE FRONT BOOMS
• -I -. — for light housekeeping ; $8-
'.■'■•'■ Kcurny Street.
': C OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
' •■) ke»piog. Kearnv St., near Suiter. Gas or
•;• sv ale r free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Leavenworth Street. -
•tj] A LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY ROOMS;
I 'llv running water; marine view.
.. •. Lewis Street.
;■ A (* LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— LARGE
/..iU furnished room and kitchen; complete: $12.
'■':. . 31i__ion >ir«B..
I'qqq MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
■■000 rooms: $10, $8 and $7 respectively; single
'.: -front sunny, $5. -
•;.'•' . Vitfimn Street.
:.V*Ar NATOMa— _ FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
' UV/c) housekeeping, also single.
:.-"' >inth Street.
Vl)n NINTH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
i ,-V'and kitchen, $16: single rooms; gas and water.
- — — ■
Octavia Street.
1 <IO,Q OCTAVIA ST.. COR. GEARY— FRE9H-
X-j.\JO ly furnished bay-windows and others; $7
-: up; kitchens.
Point Lobos Avenue.
'>1 9A PT - LOBOS-3~SUNNY FURNISHED
£*x£*\j housekpg rms; bath: $12; no children.
folk Street.
"Ql O POLK-SUNNY7~HANDSOMELY fur-
■*3xiJ nlshesl alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
. . water, gas, etc : new carpets and furniture, com-
; j>Jete for housekeeping; also sunny, flat, 4 rooms;
•_, reasonable,
• '"' ' Post Street.
; n99POST — 2 PLEASANT REAR ROOMS
iQ£i£t furnished; housekeeping; large yard; $10.
:': ■' '■ I*o well Street.
OVA POWELL— NY FURNISHED RMS.
- Q.I V complete for house seeping: reasonable.
\' • ' sixth Street.
A.90 SIXTH -4. GOOD UNFURNISHED
.-. O£'J rooms and cellar; also 2 sunny unfurnished
■ 'rooms. \ " ' ■
(seventh Street.
' 1 QQ SEVENTH— FURNISHED FRONT SUN-
% 1 OO ny corner rooms; housekeeping; cheap.
!•)/; 7TH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
J.«jO housekpg rooms; verauaa; yard: reasonable
south Park.
" fl A SOUTH PABK; FURNISHED AND UN-
-I\J furnished rooms for housekeeping; reasoua-
' We/ I "
:• .Stockton street.
'■11l Ol STOCKTON — TWO NICE ROOMS.
X)xO-4 partly furnished; large yard ; water free.
.; ' ' in Imi .*-. tree.
'l 'AQ THIRD - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
i.T:_» complete front, first floor: bath, gas.
•O.QA THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OOt housekeeping: water tree; $6.
Van >e»s Avenue.
■1 A9l VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY— I OB
.'.XXJZiL 2 rooms with kitchen complete.
: ~7~- Washington street.
r AQ WASHINGTON— UNFURNISH-
-.t)\J_j ed housekeeping rooms: running water.
Webster Street.
-1 1 WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE HAND-
i 1. X some rooms furnished for housekeeping;
gas. bath, etc. _^ ■ ■
___________ > __
Welsh Street.
-1 I 1 WELSH ST., OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
1 I. ~l nicely furnished Housekeeping rooms;
•heap. " '
K0031.S TO LET.
Bourbon Place.
8 BOURBON PLACE, OFF EDDY, NR. STElN-
cr— Single and double sunny front rooms: bath;
$5, $8: board if desired.
i.ii;lith street.
SnERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 2fl BTH
' J at., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
.■•■■•"..' '
nOCSJEKKEPINOJROOMS - Continued.
V ' — »^i.s street.
TS?JS. AMONA ' 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
x m Ait 1. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot _ cold w'a'.er.
DOSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IO« ROOMS
■It at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
tolsom Street..
URNISHED FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
X for doctor; also single rooms. 1583 Folsom st.
Fulton Street.
OX FULTON— SUNNY LARGE ROOM WITH
r ll ' bath; furnished or unfurnished; near new City
Hall. 1
Oeary street.
490 GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
MOO. sunny corner suite; also sunny single front
rooms.
XT Q GEARY— SUITE OF PARLORS: OTHER
kJXU rooms: light housekeeping if desired.
Golden Place. ; 7\-
-2 GOLDEN PLACE-NICELY FURNISHED
w sunny room; reasonable.
drove Street.
1 AX GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
X\JU front room. $7 : single room, $4.
AnO GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED bay-
""» window front room, $6.
Harrison street.
LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
-Li kitchen. 954 Harrison st.
Hermann Street.
OK HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
.— «J rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen ; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 0X.4 HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
xZ.O'-i window room for 1 or 2; cheap; every
convenience.
O/JOA HOWARD— S NEATLY FURNISHED,
£*x£d\j sunny bay-window rooms; line location;
garden; $23.
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
single rm. ; also sunny alcove rm. : private.
Of »7 .'ONES — THE VAN WINKLK: NKW
-•v/ I management: elegant nunny xuites and
tingle; newly iurnished; bath, etc.: *10 10 *311.
Laguna Street.
"I OAK LAGUNA-2 NICK SUNNY FRONT
X~AJO rooms; furnished or uniurnished.
Laskie Street.
91 LASKIi"., OFF MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
3 Furnished room, $3 a month.
— uitrny Mreo..
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
nt sunny rooms, en suite and single; — rscclaM
:i; every respect: terms reasonable. •
Larkin Street.
"I AAT LARKIN ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
IUU I suite; also single rooms; every con-
venlance.
Starker. Slice:.
"I AOO MARKET — FURNISHkD SUNNY
luO- rooms to let: $1 week and up.
A r O«KMJTB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
-1 night, 35c to $1: week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Mason street.
XI 1 MASON— LA RG sUNNY FURNISHED
OLI room; bath; also single room; private
family.
Alinnn street.
G.a-7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\J\J 1 nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
- Mission Street.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth — New fireproof building: 90 elesantly
furnished rooms; all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25c tosl 50 a day.
Si 1 1 MISSION— NICKLY FURNISHED SUN-
Oiv) ny suites, or single; reasonable; board op-
tional.
1 n^w MISSION -CHEAPEST ROOMS IN
iviltl the city; housekeeping and others; week
or month.
Octavia Street.
A-[ f* OCTAVIA, NEAR HAVES— 2 NICELY
TIU furnished sunny front rooms: reasonable.
O'l- ami! street.
A-\ Q O'FARRELL— UNFURNISHED FRONT
T:lOroom: $4. ,
I'ost Street.
Ql A POST— ROOM FOR CNE OR TWO
OX gents., closet, running water, ret. : $Borslo.
Seventh street.
1 Q<l sKvE x T H — NICELY FURNISHED
X O\J front single rooms, $1 to $1 25 a week.
mxi >>. s- rf>et.
997 SIXTH — FRONT SUITE, SUITABLE
--— i for doctor or dentist. .
Sbotwell Street.
901 SHOTWELL— UNFURNISHED LARGE
_>)1 bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family.
Stevenson Street.
X^X, STEVENSON — 2 UNFURNISHED
O\J*J rooms; cheap.
butter street.
7AO SUTTER. COR! TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I UO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
I "I 1 1 1 8 _ R— NICELY "FURNISHED
— 111 rooms, single, suits, also housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR- NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
x^tO ny front rooms: single or en suite.
A WEEK NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
-cV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
IIOAKLUNtr AND ItOOMS.
((^XNT^^S^TMijlE^nßO^R^EirsT^lb^^
'» cooking: convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 1142 Seventeenth st., East Oakland.
I ARGE SUNNY FRONT SUITE, WITH
XJ board; also a single room; all strictly first-class:
in private family: Western Addition; references
exchanged. Address M. X., box 43, Call Office.
1 7 1 X POLK (NORMANDIE)— ELEGANT
X. I XO rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-clans family hotel;
references.
OTKL BEHTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
»r~ convenience*. •
CHIU>BSH iiOAKI>_I>.
: L^XPE R I ENCE iTyO OKO M ARR LED WOM A~N
Xv wishes infant or older children to boar.l: good
home. 127 Wildey st., near Steiuer and Bush.
IDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN To BOARD;
" furnished room for parent. 916 Jackson at.
V V ANTED— INFANT OR CHILU TO BOARD;
»» good care; reasonable. 1413 Sacramento st. :
T\fOULD~LIKE TWO OR THREE CHILDREN
'I to board; nice home; mother's care; best of
references. 1205 Lagnna st. '
WIDOW WISHES INFANT OR TWO CHIL-
II dren to board; healthy locality. Address C. F.,
box 78, Call Office.
EXPECTABLE GERMAN FAMILY WANTS
1 or 2 children to board and care for; targe
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking;
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
girls: reasonable. Address W. X.. box HI. Call.
mm M 1.1; KBSOSTB.
ONTE VISTA— DKLIGHTFUL HE-
sort In the Sierra pines Is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. Send for Illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table ana the new attractions of
1896, to C. E. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZARD, manager, Dutch Flat, Cal.
G~ OOD BOARD ON RANCH, SUBURBS OF
Calistoza: plenty fresh eggs, butter, chickens
arid milk, $« per week. Write for particulars to
MUS. J.AIONTGOMERY.CaIIstoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
STOKES to LKT.
72P}^~83O~howXrd7^nr7^
<$~D. large store. ASHTON <_ GARDINER,
411 Montgomery.
1 ARGE STORK AND LOFT; USE OFKLEVA-
Xj tor; Mission st.. bet. Third and Fourth; rent
reasonable. Inquire K. PETKKMQN, 324 Bush st.
OFFICKS TO LKT.
T7T9~rXYl]oTC^o^r'TTirir^K^^
x'"-d doctor's ollice; corner;' sunny; rent rea-
sononab c.
*JA O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
ZAJ electric lights, elevator and janitor services.
()i) MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
JOO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. ■
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H..UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
»TOKA<iK.
TOrXSe^CHEa'pE»TIN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
1 FURNITURE, PIANOS; TRUNKS; XT>
JT vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0R.204 Post.
m H. RODNEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
I .rod reed rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
T OWKST RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS.
JLJ household goods, etc. J. M. i'terce. 735 Market.
~T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
A.. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern-' plan.
A PPLYFOR RATES STORING FURNI-
A Hire, etc. SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market.
"" SOWING biacuixks.
* LI. KINDS HOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
ii. rented, repaired; lowest rates. iiOa Fourths*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 189(5.
PEKSONALS.
pLI FFORD— ciTI7AT~NcTi^^[INTin^NG
V.' letter. E.
WILL LADY WITH BABY, ALSO YOUNG
'» lady, that were on Powell-at. car ou the after-
noon of May 25 at tim- of accident, please send
address to D., box 59, Call Office.
T3ARTIES WANTING A FIRST-CLASS LOCA-
JL tlon for sanitarium or hospital for less than
half Its value ran hear of such by addressing S. 11.,
bo.\ 99. Call Office, S. F. :.
VI V PARTNER (WILLIAM ARCH ARD) HAV-
-»1 ing left the restaurant business at GUI Third
st. I will no longer be responsible for any debts
contracted by him. JOHN LOPXZ.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
'» low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
W'EGO EAST JUNK 6: CALL FORENOON
' « of to-day, Tuesday, Thursday or Friday. j J.G.
ALLORY & SWANSON, CONTRACTORS
and builders; store, bank and office fixtures.
411 Taylor st. . ■
AM P KR8 1 COTTAGE; STOVE; WOOD;
"J shooting: ranch; Napa mountains. Apply
1 1 -_*m 1 2 Alabama st.
ADVIUK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
dally; private: no charge unless successful ; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deads, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
A GNES— GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
-rt- nigbtat G. LED_REh'S, 111 Stockton St.;
don't gel him mixed up with the others; he Is
nearest Geary st. : he Is undoubtedly the best and
his price Is only 25 cents. BESS.
\\' ANTED— TO KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
'» of Australian Jack Dock, the teamster, and
George, the engineer, John Decorsey and Hunter
Smith, and any other friends of George M. Drum.
Kindly communicate or call at 110 Fourth, room 6.
AIR DRESSED. 26c: SHAMPOO, 25c; MAN-
icure, 26c. Bi TLKR'S. 131 Pos', r. 2). cl vir.
___________________________
/Consumption treated BY a NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36V a Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:3 a -' ■-
GEO. W. I'll Xl IN, ATTORN EY-AT- LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4.
PARISIAN ' MILLINERY SCHOOL; a FULL
I course taught in six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed poHitions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
QUITS TO OHDEB ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talor lng Company, 11 17 ALarket st.,bet 7th and Bth.
rriHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
x 40, 46 >ixth st; children's school hats sc ; dyed,
pressed 25c ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
1 IBKIIAL AO\ A.M:i-..-> u.\ J.'JA.MON U-S jii W-
AJ dry, etc. : lowes: rate:, l-is Ji»ri;et St.
PECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER CO., MERCHANT \
Tailors. Spr< ckeis building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimming* guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trada solicited.
TITUNKS MOV ED, C -NTS. COM M ERCIA L
Transfer Company, 43 Butter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks tor us.
1 IAA CARDS, $150: SHOW CARD* 15c:
1" 'UU tel. Black 141. HILT* 22 Geary St., r. 39.
A SK YOUR DRUG(iIST FOR VERMONT
_"»- Hair Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGK. 630 MARKET ST.;
line edge put on razor for 25 cents.
ATT H1 ; VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
iV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings. |
LEGTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
J Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, '.'\>o to $1 50 per night: if 1 50 10 $6 per
week; free bus and bagxage to and from the ferry.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HaIR-
O. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
FAR! 1 > iTOK'S SCHOOL OK MAUA-INil
and Newspaper Illustration: day and eveniu?
classes: instructors, .1. 11. E. Partingion. Gertrud*
Partlngton.R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pino v,
CtTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY' 1 Si
Geary, reiEC7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; nrsi-class laundry. MRS. JAUsSAUD. __
tO OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW i'.VK-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth st». ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoter} of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market si.
GOLD, SILVER, CENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bouch:. . COLMAN. 41 Sa. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS. CAPKS AND >LIl-> KKTAILKD AT
y.J rr)fr»' cost. Factor?. "I) Suniom" <••. «rina!r<.
DKESS3IAKEKS.
DRESSES S2"up7^VliXp7i£ RslJFc K NTS U P :
lawn 91 pp. 50534 Natoma St.. above Sixth.
CLAIItVOYANTS.
"T A^~
XV 50 and $I— socts and $I—so cts and 91.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWISR."
Therefore consult the threat clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN I)E VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. AH
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers' •
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, Uud lost
or stolen- property, ißMrpret dreams, cure oa'l
habits and destroy evil influences in half tti >
time required by the best of the otber mediums.
Remember, there are but few medium* in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco. .
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hour* 10 a. x, to 8 9. if. Sundays 2 to 6p. _
Letters containing stamps answer* '.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
17_S Market st.
MRS. DR. iB. REYNOLDS, ; CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis of mental and physical tiilllculiirs give i
witbeut asking questions. 8 Mason St., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGII-
ter. is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the publics for 50c and 91 ; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms » and 4. 917 Market st.
ETHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT, CAUD-
reader and palmist; mental magnetic healiug.
13U2a Market st.
ME. TRUE, celebrated GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator. '
PROP. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
x wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential : letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
o not FAIL TO CONSULT pro~fT~m. C
Camel I the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium; he Rives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages. Journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affair*; tell
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites t*ie separated and causes a speedy mar-
riage with the one of your choice;, letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st. ; hours 9to 9.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born wi;h a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents 91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 91 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard St.
ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names riven; '25.' up. 5 Fourth.
/ ' VPSY LltE-READEIt; LADIES. £5c7
vi gents, 50c; readings dally except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. SYBILLE FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell *t.
Mb.. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the ulctureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
pETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWN 31 ME.
It SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
prfgent and future: pric<»n moderate. Sfi6 Mission.
aFIItITUALISM. ;
ADDIE SWAIN'S LECTURE IN I. O. O. F.
uY Hail, Berkeley, Is postponed until Friday,
June 12. .
T 111 LARKIN TO-NIGHT; SPEAKING
tests by Mrs. Grlffln, Reynolds and others.
ITIEBT CIRCLE, SOCI.^ AND DANCE " TO-
-1 night: 10c. Mme. Young, 60b McAllister st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 26
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee 91; letter 92.
its] J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
. :r.»nce medium : sittings 81. 21K Stockton si.
ASTROLOGY.
STlSE^D^N^vTiß^^iriri^ESTio^VßV
planets: dally or by mall, $2. 30 Va Geary st.
.'.-■-■- -^**"^j^^ J^^^_,^' ..
\\,' ANTED— TO BUY 100 WORKHORSES,
'» weighing not less than 1300 each. Inquire of
WAR & M ALLEY, 232 Montgomery St.
I en SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission jn
OOD HORSE AND WAGON, NKARLY
new, also large nand truck cheap. 869 Mis-
sion st. .
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables. 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.ev*-ry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. It. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
~E(\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HaS
c)UU ness; all kinds: bnggy.wason, carts, surrey
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FUtl SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
11/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth sU ; anctlon sales every SVednes-
day. : SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SKND FOR CIRCU-
Inr. The Hyde Ranch. 1530 'ommerclal at. I
WAGONS A>_ CAKKIAOKS. :.
ORRKNT— FIRST-LASS "caS-P^WAGON;
suitable for ' 4 persons: with baggage, etc.;
with or without stove and lent. L. F. SALBAUH,
310 East Channel St., Stockton.
OTANDING-TOP DOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
Das new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING .■ GLOVKM;
samples, n. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
VTiSW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
x\ dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. "■ ' ■'■ '■
„„_— ________________
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY^NEW""WH^E~La TO IET;
best accommodations. Terminus ■ Ueaxy, : Mo-
Allisier and Powell t>u car lines. .
CITY KEAL KSTATE. , ' '
JN~BC'iL~DINO~LOTS "~~"'-'-. ' ■ ■"-''■'.'■
X. we offer In payments of $10 cash and 10 per
6 lots "sxloo each, worth $375, at $175 each.
8 lots 25x100 each, worth 60, at $200 each.
■• 4 lot* 25x100 each, worth $600, at $225 each.
6 lots 25x100 each, worth $600, at $425 each.
6 lots 25x100 each, worth $ 650. at $460 each.
These io a are level ; and ready to .build on;
are but 28 minutes' ride from the City Hall, and
an- al adjacent to the Mision-st. electric-cars.
To visit this property take Mission-si electric-
cars, ask the conductor to stop at Francis St.; you
will there find our branch olnce and representa-
tive, GEORGE A. .TURNER, who will show you
over the property and furnish any further Infor-
mal ou. O'FARRELL & CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
£fr Aft PAYS OWNER 11 PER CENT
©UOUU. per annum; Fillmore st., nr. Haight :
4 modern flats; in tine condition; if you are look-
ing for a good Investment at a bargain here is a
chance; investigate.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st. ,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
Webster st.. one block from cable and electric
cars; contains 8 rooms and bath; in fine condition:
masnlncent marine view; worth $8000, will sell
for $5000 and maybe leas.
o'FARRKLL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
DEVISADEROST.: BUSINESS PROPERTY:
XJ best part of the street; well- improved and
rented: extra large frontage; always occupied; a
first-class and staple investment.
O'FaRRELL _ CO., 11 Montgomery st.
PAGE ■ ST.. 3 BLOCKS FROM MARKET:
J. elegant building lot: 2 frontages: very sunny;
$3600, and worth $4500; street accepted: line
view.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
. * —^-~
If you are looking for a cheap home of 7 rooms
and bath, near Golden Gate Park, we have a big
bargain on Fulton st., near Devlsadpro. Do not
fail to see: street bituminized; close 10 3 different
car Hues; only ?3900.
O'FARRELL <£ CO., 11 Montgomery st.
_r«A, 83x142:6, EAST 811) COUBETT
«J> I O\J . road, near 25th St.; also fronts on 1.i.-h
St.: level. - •
$3000— Will buy 73 lots 33x100 each near High-
st. station, Alameda County.
$10£0— 203x114 corner Hoffman aye. and Dun-
can st., bet. 28tn and 2<ih.
$25—25x100 in block 10: $75 lot Homestead As-
sociation, Colma, Ban Mateo County.
91300—25x110, 20th St.. near astro.
.$1000—25x105, east side Castro st., 26:6 feet
north 23d.
CHARLES C. FISHER. 507 California st.
A< FEW "SPECIAL DRIVEV IN HOME AND
_A. investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 646 Market st.
vrKW STYLE RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS :
i.N fni3lid.;part cash; bil. same rent. 5.,b.62,1_1.
■DUILDING LOT ~~~ ~~"
Xj • With the street-work done,
On the line of an electric road.
$350 to $400.
$5 cash and $5 monthly.
BETTER GO AND SEE THEM
13 Best lots in the city at the prices.
. Take the Guerrero-street cars
(Mission or Valencia transfer at 14lh)
Ride to Chenery and Castro sis.
4 GENT ON THE GROUND TO SHOW PROP-
A. my. ..
130 lots have been sold in the past 5 months,
and quite a number of houses have been erected.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
r>ACIFICHKIOMTS-THRK_ NEW )•_'■ ROOM
X oases, 2847,2849 and 2»51 Fill more St., 8. of
Green; all modern improvements; reception-hall, ;
parlors, dlolng, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted i
and decorated: furnace heat; all rooms and closets i
light! d by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good investment. ..: *
A limn NEW RESIDENCE OF 7 ROOMS.
. i■i\ M >. bath and modern improvements; lot
"'8x125; ha, cash, balance at 6' 2 percent interest, i
Apply BALDWIN it HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery St.,
Or 16 Chattanooga St., nr. 2 1st.
_________ ____ _„„„_ _____
C. BEMIM.
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONI GOMER Y ST.
FOX SALIC. .
$2600— E. sld" of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$460— san Carlos Villa tot: 100x150 font. _
$0700—50x127:6 feel ou Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
1-6000—2 modern houses Of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :U feel: electric road paeites houses;
make oiler. ' ..-•-■. "
$2500— '.--story S-roomed house on Harrison at..
bet. First and Fremont.
f 8000— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$:-(Uo— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so. s\V. cor. 19th aye. and
2.' Hi st.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, ilowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and'ear-
riage-bouB3; all in good condition; must br s.)!d;
make offer,
<*£. '-* Tfin ~FINE PLACE FOR A I r.A.Vl>l r- It,
wOIUui near Bry.«nt and Sixth sts.: 2-story
house of 7. rooms: stable for 4 hone* and 3 a^ons :
street accepted; size 37:6x80. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st.
OTS $l&0 —FR U I T VALti TEKMIXAL
tract: $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
"Oil -SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRO NT A < ; K
JT of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St.. from Precita are. to Serpentine nve., and also
having a frontage of 188 feet on Precita uve. Also
lot on south line of Washington St.: 25 feet 10
inches east of Dupont; 26x40 reel: with 3-story
brick building thereot:: renting for »83 per month;
good tenant. ■
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
WALTER lIOCtK at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GKADY.
Mission street accepted and sidewalk in front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to .$275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONaHEY, 1149 Mission st.
JACOB HEYMAN, REAL ESsTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st. \^^
AKKAIN; SACRIFICE: -.NO reasonable
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc. : would exchange.
SHADBURNE. 415 Montgomery st.
CTj-rjrk CASH: BALANCE LIKE RENT:
«IPmUV7 fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, bath and modern conveniences: lot 25x
100: -McAllister St., bet. Brodenck and Baker:
cable-cars pass.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery st.
L OK SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
JC lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
\)f\(\ SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, WILL
«J)OoUU. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro St., near 23d; lot 25xJ05: fine-
ly decorated spacious rooms: stairs in front hall 10
attic: porcelain tub: everything modern through-
out; $30 per mouth ; don't fail to call and examine
it. S. a. BORN, owntr and builder. 4075 24, h st.
pHKAPs HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135; $50 down. $5 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
' $550— Lot 60x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
« CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
"L>OR SALE - ELEGANT 12- ROOM HOUSE,
T lust completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
C_Unn NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; FIVE
<Jpt7vU. rooms: hard finished. Inquire LEIS-
ER'S grocery-siore, 3480 Mission st., near Thirty-
first. • .-■-■-- :■■■ - • ■ ••' '
MOMiV TO LOAN.
' \ bVANCKSOX DIAMONDS.JKWELRY, ETC
±\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Ollioe. 9 Gram aye.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
1 to $9000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
1 OANS ON KEAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J JmortKaKes, furniture or pianos: no removal ; any
amount; low rales. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
-TV jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, t»4B Market st. : open evenings. ■■ ■
NY AMOUNT: IST, «D or 3D MUKTiMUIM: I
estates, undivided interests, real estate In uro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montuoinnry, room 3. '
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. . :■. . : ;.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each S10U0; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite Insurance. Coin, box 2, Cull.
ONKY LOANED *ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the . Security Loan Office.
130BMark<>t«t..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
I \IKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
xJ no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 08, Donohue bide, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN- ON
life insurance policies, 33U Pine st.
T OA~NS ON , FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
J— diamonds: confidontUl. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST A 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
UtP»:lowi>nt. rnt'-?i:fio <1.-l ■• ,M I itl'HV Mrk'.
fAWXBKOKKRS.
A"^F^26~KEARN r Y ST.. Ro6^l^9-M(sn_Y
loaned, watchvs, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri*
vate roomy elevator: pledgos for gal j cheap. -.- ,
s-y- ;-■-- •' " MONEY WANTED. ' -• : } \
ONEY WANTED IMMEDIATELY ON~crTy
real estate. Apply at 17 Hickory aye.
CITY KKAL KSTATE. j
AM. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.:
• choice '■ Investments; choice investments.
Lots on Pt. Lobos avenue: any offer wanted. Lots
suitable for factory purposes at your own price. .
160 lots :or buildlnsr sites at convincing prices. ■' ;. :
©OCA , LOT 25x114 FT.. ON 27TH ST.; .
tip ZiOv. worth $500.
DJ.IAA LOT 25x120 FT., RICHMOND; ON
<UstlUl/. terms. . . • ,
Oil d& A NEAT MODERN COTTAGE: ,
tip IUOU. near Market. ,
G_9nnfl FLATS AND RKAR COTTAGE;
«35_jUUU. near Leavenworth st.
©9AAA LOT 25x100 FT., ON OAK; PAN-
C^vUU. handle.
© 9 A f\(\' 2 GOOD FLATS, NEAR 7TH AND 1
Zitjy) U. Folßom.
<3*O(\nf\ " * NICE FLATS: RENTS $33: 1
<TnoUUU. near 12th and Market. ~ >
J.QQ/IA FINE 11 ME: VICINITY HAIGHT
<pOOUU. and Fill more (foreclosure).
<UMAAA 14-ROOM GOOD HOUSE AND LOT;' !
(3uUUU. ne:<r 4th and Mission sts.; rents 940.
(iUXXAA CORNER; 2 Hi USES ON LE.VV- ,
tiDOOUU. en worth; lot 50x90 it.
oL'7Xnr» 6 FLATS; RENTS $72; WITHIN
«b < OUU. sight of lilberuia Bank.
<L»1 AAA COR. STOKE- AND FLATS;
-U.UUU. lot 40x80; rents $76; a grand buy. i
0* I*> AAA CORNER (NEW), 6 FLATS; '
<hI_i.UUU. rents $116; all rent ,
<3*l k > AAA FLATS: LO1" 4Ux6O; WITHIN
tjpl_j. V/UU. block of Orpheum.
01* 1 I Hfin BUSINESS PROPERTY; LOT
tjpltt. UUU. 60x80 ft.: good improvements:
within a block of Taylor and Market: rents $100.
JtiO Ann BUSINESS PROPERTY ON '
t_) lO. \J\J\J. Fo:somst.; lot 50x80 feet; rents
$125.
41. A 9 AAA CORNER LOT, 68x137:6 FEET;
»3P_:_..UUU. all well Improved (modern) ; rents
$350; offer wanted.
Call and make Known your wants.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St. ,
ODE It N 2-STOIIY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
fin: and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
tOIXTUY KEAL estate.
RANOK LANDS.
range lands.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLON
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice homo and
at the same time a jrood Investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, plumed and cultivated 1
$1750; about $300 cast), balance in five annual
payments; no Interest; the trees olaiuedon this •
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re- j
turns. ..
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge j
of the rolony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco, •
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. __
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY, 67 CHRONI-
xV. cle bide., art* selling choice fruit lands, lifchrs
from san Francisco, at $35 per acre; title perfect.
WANTED — SCHOOL OR ' GOVERNMENT
II laud: Lake or north co'». Ad. J.N., box 35. Call. .
Q. 1 1 OAA 1 HAVE 5 IMPROVED .STOCK
tJp-L-L ._.UV/. ranches, near each other, all clear,
aggregating 1120 acres; will exchange: tine resi- :
dence in Gllroy, $400U, and San Jos*. $3500: 20-
-acre ranch, Sonoma County, $1000; 30 acres fruit
land near Naira. $2200; 2 acres in Nnpa, $1500:
16V2 acres vineyard at St. Helena, $1600; all j
clear; elegantly furnishe.l summer villa in Santa
Cruz Mountains. CIIAS. COLT ON, 906 Market^t. |
MARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta- \
ble land; rait or water transit; $10 to #75 per :
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
T?OR HOMES i.\ LOS G VI'OS ORORCHAKDB ,
J in the vicinity or iv Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. U.
Nobie «V Co.
CIONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
/ send for list. D. .1. WEST, Martinez, Cal. .
END FOR OUR l.isr OF ORCHARD HOMES
ior gal WOOSTEB A WHITTON. se..i Jose.
]ITTL_ homes clo.sk to TOWN : Tm7
-i proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
! pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
■ with brat)!) house, etc. . D. 11. TWI.IW, cjonoiu*
1 Cltv. Iti.uii.-.- ti :-:-.' Market st.. S. F.
I'ItOI'ERTY WANTED.
■TX>n u.\mi:]iini.u;i.k bodies From j
Xj 1000 acres up; Improved or unimproved: will
deal with owners on! . Address I arm. field and '
i Fireside, Homeseekers' Depar.ment, Chicago, 111.
WANTED-RESIDKNCK, FOR STOCK AND
1 1 bog ranch. Owner. 'JO 1 1'l-'arn-ll *■,•.. room 4.
educational:
A Rp7~p! AN O, GUITAR. MANDOLIN,
sinking, French. MIaS TIFFANY, 1623 8ai1. |
A TTEN D~sTTEIIL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
/v st. The very b#>t individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in shorthand, Book keeping. Pen-
manship, Typewriting:, etc., .fl; books free.
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING: CLASS*. I
1 es'i'ucj. ana Fri. Misses IIUDDY, 6Allyde --.
"VMW PROPOSITION IN«i SHORTHAND j
Xl writing; common wrl Ing requires an averace
of 5 up or down strokes per sound, arid writes 25
words per minute; therefore, if yon write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may v. rite
125 words without abbreviations. HBCHT'9 j
school of ten-letter r;ha:nl and - typewriting ]
(two months' course $25), room 708, Spreckels '
building, 927 Market si., .-an Francisco. ' j
B'oUkKEEPING BY' TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; Vb time and far more practical !
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
professor a. MANSFIi?LD, TKACHKB IOF ;
J- violin, guiiar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
Joseph GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. ■ .
BOOKKPNG, WIIITNG, aritTTmtc. gram R
day nl.'ht: nocl»«scs : 95 monlh. 845 Mission
UTAH MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MA RY WEST HA US. 3!> Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CA ST I L I A
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.a7.
V>P«Nlnll. FKENCH, i . 1 . MAN -. MODERATE. I
OMflKter.tchaft School l^tnsu.ises, 189 O'Farreils:
YRKS'. LEADING SHORTHAND COLT
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual instruc- !
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life ■
scholarship $50; low rates per weeK and month.
pELA&CO'S LY'CKUM SCHOOL Of AUTINU—
X> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, /th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINiNG, MX-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; tstab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 723 Mk-
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST STT
Bookkeeping, bnsineu practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, Write for catalogue.
\! I til I I bUUUOJajtLJSALI. 1 liUri. « ' 'I..LKi-K
J.l Post ■  ..r--.' .i , ,r- ' ... ■'. 1-1 ii ■■ :•■■'' ;o\v — \»»
FOB SALK-aiISC_LLA>'iSOU9.
Ann Tkw oak whjbxlbb & WILSON no.
«I)«_U. 9 high-arm sewing-machine; 4 drawers;
cost $65; cause, departure. 205 a Chtstnut st.
IpOR SALE-2 GOOD MINING PROPERTIES;
'one almost ready for opera, ion. having devel-
opment work and mill: the other a regular bullion I
producer, netting $2000 per month. Address Gold I
Mines, box 60, I J Hcerville, Cal.
ICYCLE BARGAINS— TANDEMS, LADIES'
X) and cents' wheels: don't fall to call and inspect
before buying. F. R. GRA^NIS & CO., 609
Market st.
STTTTi ELEGANT SET OF BAR FIXTURES.
tjls_.v/U. 228 East St.. bet. Folsom and Howard.
ERE IS A POINTER FOX YOU: CHEAP;
lemon and white dog: fine retriever: stanch
on a point;- winner of second premium in Oakland
dog show: 3 years od. Apply to PAYNE JEW-
KTT, North Temescal P. 0., or 1010 Broadway,
Oakland.
t7or SALE CHKAP-85-HORSEPOWER EN-
X glue, boiler, shafting, palley^ etc. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth »t. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
FINE FRESH CO.VS, CHEAP. 912 FRAN-
Cisco st, near La: kin.
I/IOR SALE-A '96 BELVEDERE BICYCLE,
r almost new, with lantern, bell, etc., complete
for $55. Apply 2213 Filimores'..
N ELEGANT TAOWOOD BEDROOM. SET
for sale cheap. 843 Castro st.
ARGAIN — COUNTER, RAILING, PLAT-
form, scale, truck, etc 105 Sacramento st.
OW AND CALF FoB SALE. 4237 TWEN-
ty-third st. . .
ANDSOME GREAT DANK PUP; 10 MOS.
old: large pedigree. . 82 Pearl st. _^_
XT EW _ 2NP-HAND " '95" BICYCLKS. $25 TO
1\ 965. Hamilton clery, Baker and Hayes st&
C 1 OUNTE R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
; bought and sold. 112 iy 3 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
IX-Hd*ISEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. ' \
1' r<IHST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASH ING-
J 1 ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office^ ■
ECOND-HAND. GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
ginej; various sizes : guaranteed perfect Order ;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. ■
t> ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: AIL MAKES;
13 write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS, KNGINKS.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipt-s Mclntosh A WolpmaD, 137 Beale. :
ili'Y CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI. ■
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
lit. California Rattan Co., 61 First at., nr. Mission
1. UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHEd :
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof Safe. 109. 111 Market st.
I/ IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTEbt-
X press, platform scales and degk;cheap. 10- Clay.
ATEVV RANGE 3 CHEAPER THAN BECON--
IN hand. *V. S. RAY Mfa Co., 12 California ■_■ '
PAKTMuIISUII* NOTICES.
D~ 18801 -IT I O N r OF COPABTN KRSH I P-THK
flrm doing busiuess at the Park Hotel known
as A. H. and W. i . M l-.N N X is this divy dissolved
by mutual consent. ALBERT H. MKNNE con-
tinuing the bus. ness will assume all liabilities and
collect all outstanding accoun s.
ALBERT H. MKNNE.
June 1, 1896. WILLIAM F. MENNfc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS I
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL KSTATK.
99 ?T/v for sa le : 3 acres OF LAND;
t]p_._.«J.l/. new 4- room house; new barn; pood
well water; chicken-houses: vrry complete coun-
try home: 1 mile from liny wards: 1 mile from
electric line; some 01, c will get a snap here. 1. K.
ANDERSON. 4ti3 Ninth st. ; Oakland. '.
FOR RENT-SEVERAL HoU~ES: $4 TO $10.
Inquire M Its. M. P. McCOTJ TNEV, cor. For-
tietli st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
OAKLAND HKMTIIIK FOB SALE.
STJH^TuTTNTTuTiE^TioTrM^^TL^srTiEXiZ
tjPOO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh h: . Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
LOR RENT-$l7 50 6 5~1.Y~ ~ 7-ROOM FLAT;
X no dark or inside rooms: closets; stoves all set;
water: 'dumb-waiter: 956 Union st., Oakland.
A. II. BRKKI) A ('■'.. 460 Ninth v.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALATUKDA KKAL ESTATE.
T/'OR SALE—
J; House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye.: house 4
rooms, Grand st.; eotinge. 6 rooms, Everett scl;
on Ion.; time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco or country property. Apply
-' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 -Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
ARCUSE & R EMM EL, CONTRACTORS
11 nd builders, Bay-street station, • Alameda,
Cat., telephone 2.
$^'200— 825 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms an 1 ba;h.
$2450— 525 cash, $22 50 monthly: 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and hath.
$2800— No cash. $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms a id bath.
■3000— Mo cash; $25 monthly; 37:8x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
if 3250— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location. ■
Several special bargains In lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
"L^P.Ult ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
X I net 30 per cent: 30 acres peach, .apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially tar canning and do-
tug; can aery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition In the State. JOHN T. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
C' 1 I •' : . 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
lot. $1»UO, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms. large lot, $1000 cash. TUOS.
F. BAIRD, 1303 Park st. .
HoM _S~_mTLT~ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of ail ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages an 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up; $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st-, Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WAN I' TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure If you wished to boy it will suit you, as it
la for sale: 7 lar_e rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. i:|!AV. 45H Ninth st- Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSiJS TO LET.
rpo KENT— NKW CUTTAUK) 5 ROOMS; ALL
I modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mastick and
Knclnal station. Alarncda. * ■
jjekkklk- BKAL KSTATK.
"tosjepii" jTmason, real estate and
•J insurance agent, .Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. . ■ '
/ 1 OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VJT on easy terms. O. <;. MAY* A CO., real estate
and htilldlt-g. 2123 iVntPfßt.. Berkeley.'
BEKkhilA HOUSES.
i~nOR~ BENT — CHOICEST LOCATION IN
'Berkeley: lot 100x270: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
famished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
'I." 1 OR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE : 5 ROOMS
I and batn; piano; $30. .014 Virginia at., near
Shaituck aye.. Berry man station. -
l'i:OF_UT_ TO _XC_A>'«_.
(S^lrK iTar^ge~l:6rne"r~lot~in" Gutter
ijipj. City worth $200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
C/JA BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
OUU 20 houses and lo:* from $1250 t0... 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 80.000
100 Ii tallies* plates, all kinds, from $50 to. 4.000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $-'00 to. 3,000
11. C. DECKER, H)-(i Market st., opposite Fifth.
TIT ANTED— TO EXCHANGE LOT IN KICH-
'» I, oiml district for small place in country;
cail at 207 Point i.obosave. J. J. MILL Kit.
1 OLIO ACRES .TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J _IOU v. us, r: line for cattle-raisins. N..bx.16.Ca11
attoi:nkys-at-law.
AiTvichTFTtEK— mX^oTIC^LAWS^TVpECI"
1 V alfy; private: no chares unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. IS. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 85UMarkec
18. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
J. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
J. NOLEN, ATTOKNEY-AT-LaW. 719
.Market St.; advice free. ■ ■
m J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
1 .law: advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14. 15.
\\r W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A l'-LAW, 420
V> . California- St.. rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
MEDICAL.
D"^s7~GOOmVIN ~M 'a^KfTX~^PE^IXLTY~qP
disease-; of women and restore all cases Of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients: best skill; medical attendance;
low fee*; regulator, $2. 818 Kearny st. __
A Ll7 CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE- ,
_■». stored In * few hours; safe and sure relief
pnnrantped; travelers helped, without delay pri-
vate home :in confinement: regolar jiraduata
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult tha
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tima
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
M l;s. DR. WYiSTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin. .
pHEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND
X\i electric treatment. WALLACE, 201/2 Stockton.
""I ADIES, CONSULT FREE MHB. DR. SCOTT^
Xj 216 Powell at. l only qualified Bpecialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of he eyes treated.
ECARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. ■■:■-.-*
MRS. DR. WEGENhR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKiMALE DIS-
-1 ease seeMßs. DR. PUETZ. 26-11/2 Fourth st.
NICK PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
—.1 all female diseases treated : expert physicians;
terms moderate. Ollice, 23.'i Kearoy St., room i).~
Ail P.*. DR. WEGEiNER, PRIVATE HOME
. for ail female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles before and during confinement; all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
lives, $1. 419 Eddy st. - ■ - :. •
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles.no matter
i from what cause: . restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st
T>RIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENTr~MRS.
I DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
rTTosSeLYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth..
BLESSING" TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
nerer fails: perfectly harmless; free irom any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. •_ MRS,
I 'A V IKS. 14 McAllister st; next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. , French regulating pink pills, $2.
URE CUKE FOR ALL Fh.MALK DISEASES,
from whatever, cause; a home in confinement
with ■ every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MHS. Pit. GWYEIi, 226 Turk 8U .. \ ■■■■■■
T\K. HALL, 14 McALLISI hI'BKET, NEAR
xJ^Jono*. Diseases of women and .children.
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
JtY ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
cafe and sure; $2 50 «>„ press C. O. I).; don't delay
until too lale. OsuoOD BltOS.. Oakland. Cal.
:, .PHYSICIANS.
It Market at. : diseases of woman a specialty. -
I ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
J-' his museum, 1051 Market st.; his 30 years',
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. > :
LEGAL NOTICES. .
Tfr?TT_!rsTA^rEirciitcu^^
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia. *.- . \ ■ ■•- ' .
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
i Court. ■ .. ■ . . > . -
' Pursuant to section 63 4of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It is
Ordered that . a special session of the Circuit'
Court of the United states Of America of the
i Ninth Judicial circuit, in and for ■ the Northern 1
i District of California, be and hereby . Is appointed
Ito pth eld at the courtroom of said court in the!
, lied States Appraisers' building, ■■ in the City
i and County of San Francisco, in said district, on
I Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
1 Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
! at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. <•
Witness - : my hand and seal at . the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May. A.D. 1896.
Seal. .-:: [ Signed]' JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
"■- trict. y-_agwffjii»awTfy~Wl_3M
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California,
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk frilled States
J Circuit Court, Northern District of California.
DENTISTS.
V-IK^T-CLASS~I>; .> :■.-. 1. 1 : FIRST-CLASS
x ■ prices: llrst-cliis* results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D , 500 Sutler «•.. • r -,■■• VwM.
i\R.,UUCK_.Ti, liv.. 1. . .... .... _._-'
XJ . chamtn; gas Riven; crown aad bridge wont
R. T. i KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
places a spec.alty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
/ 'IBUOSIK DEM T Aii ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J kef, bet. 3d and 4th, gas socialists: only rell-
eble agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth,
i.rrn $5; fiilin:;s tnn SI; extracting 50c, with gas $L,
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
UK. HARDC 623 Montgomery, MB, 1.
Qt~ A SET FOR Ti I-;!' ; WARRANTED A3
tj) I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
■|"VK. H Di.fM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no chars*- tor extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
leeia from $8 per set; extracting .*>oc; gas given. |
t7TJIi7 - i7r~*7*~ iUiu, $7; warranted
P live years. PH. V. CA Va J.SKY. 24 sixth at.
IJETOK'li'iKTH'vi'lTHULl'Ari.AllS. DX. H.
00. VuUNG. 1841 J-oikst.
I.X GEORGE W. leek. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plata, moved from 6 to 2!) o' Farrell st.
I>A I N LE 88 EXTRACTION. 6(K?i CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up: 13 vearaf
experience. R. I- WALSH. D.D.S.. 815^ Geary.
I \H. H. If. SHAW, 224 KEARNY -BRIDGE-
XJ work a specittlty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ aOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. feOd MAR-
V. ket st. DR. CHARLE3 W. DECKER. ;■-■.■-;?:
R. J. LEEK,' 1206 MARKET; COR. GOLDKN
Gata _vp.— Open evenings: sunJav-« till noon.
"7" WORK REASONABLE AND~W A*"
A. ranted. Dlt. J, W. KKY. 112- Market g_
~\ WEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-fV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
JiAltivlA*. I. LiUKNSi^*.
The following m.irr.ai-- liceosei were isiaal by
the County Clerk's olHce yesterday:
Corntlius Hurley an I Annie McCann. 26—21.
John Campbell and Cat ■ <-rl j <■ r>i<!d, 63—43.
LI vlngstone Jenks and May Harley, 27—21.
Die lla:;sen and Martha Larsen, 31—32.
Wiiliam T. Davles and Dannie Malonev. 25—
Jacob J. Mahrand Ana H. Muhr, 24—28.
Weale H. Brvan and Kdith B. Swope, 39—22.
William B. Mack and Jessie A. Morrison, 31—20.
W. E. Sperry and Annie F. HenniDg, 25 — 16.
Anton V. Stoehr and Caiolina Bothe, 38—34.
Julias Reren'tsen and Anna Bannick. 24—20.
Otto I. Peters and Annie Klckhorn. 31—32.
ben Strlvft and Helen Llevre. »6—
Richard Tinim and Kalherlne Woldt, 30—35.
R. «*. 1.. gM Jr and Kose T. Schneider, 30— 26.
jj>i\o±iij_; i'it«>c_:__»i.^i--j.
Complaints filed:
Anni'» A. Richter against Ernest J. Rlchter.
Blanche J.Whitney against Samuel 11. Whit-
ney.
Divorces grantPd:
Clvirles A. Krslsi from Mary M. Kreiss, for de-
sertion: by Judge Hcbbard.
Veuetlu E. Brown from Vincent Brown, for de-
sertion and failure to provide: by Judge Seawell.
Alice i.ayner from Benjamin Rayner, for deser-
tion: by Judge Trout. Custody or children
awnrned' to nlnintiff. ■
BIttTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATIIi
[Birth, marrtairß and defttu notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication oHlchs and be Indorse
with the name aud residence of persona auiuori*o4
10 have the suoia published. j
BORN.
CRANDACE— In this city, May 28, 1898, to the
wife of Charles A. Crandace, a son.
CUSHING— May 28, 1896, to the wife of F. A.
Cusiiin^. a daughter.
FERRIS— In this city/April 15, 1896, to the wife
of G. Ferris, a daughter.
GIGOX— In this city. May 25, 1895, to the wife Of
Polvcar;>e Gigon. a son.
~ MAKIIIKL*.
HOFFMAN— HAG AN— ln Oakland, May 20,1896,
by Ihe Rev. Father Kin;, Chreton C. Horfmaa
and Agnes M. Hasan, both of San Francisco
MAGOETTI-BLOOM— In this city. June 1. 1896,
by the Rev. Father de C3rolis. Silvio J. Ma^gettl
of Marshall andClorluda T. Bloom of Petaluma.
XiLKii.
Clonk, Mrs. Ann Jewell, Barnard
Conroy, Peter Kind. Charles
Donovan, Katie MacMonairle, B. Jr.
Farrington, Joseph W. Martin, C:ipt. John
Ileriot. Margaret Nichol. James
Hofmann, Conrad Peterson. Mathilda
Jones, G. H. J. Shea. Patrick
Jackson, Matilda A. Simson, Colin
CLOCK— Los Angeles, May 27. 18=»8, Mrs. Ann
Clock, mother of Mrs. A Stemhridse and Mrs. .
J. Hampshire, a native of North ales, aged 76
years. [Liverpool (England) papers i>le»se
copy.]
CONROY— In this City, June 2, 1896. Peter, be-
loved husband of Bridget Conroy. and father of
Mrs. Joseph P. Robinson, Mrs. James shields,
Hugh, Peter, Magcie and the late Julia Conroy,
a native of the Darish of Spiddle, County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 66 years.
A*-Noticeof funeral hereafter.
DONOVAN— In this city, June 1, IS9B. Katie, be.
loved wife of John Donovan, sister of Hannah,
Nano and Con Mahoney.a native of the parish of
Kilmeon. County Cork, Ireland, aged 29 years.
o_r*Frlend9 and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her lat«
residence, 148 Harriet street, between Sixth and
Seventh, Howard and Folsom, thence to Si.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mas* will ba celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. K. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARRINGTON— In this city, June 2, 1896, Jo-
seph W. Farrington, a native of Maine, aged 72
years 2 months and 14 days.
HERIOT— In Sierra Valley, May 25, 1896. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John Herlot, a native of
Scotland, aged 67 years 10 months and 17 days.
HOFMANN— In this city, June 2, 1896, Conrad,
beloved husband of Lena Hofmann, father of
. Emiiie. Conrad and Theresa Hofmann, and
brother of Mrs. Hermann B. Goecken and Mrs.
Theresa Lausrrell of Bodle, a native of Fulda,
Hessen, Germany, aged 43 years 1 month and 14
days.
Friends and acquaintance* are renneco
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
lience, 209 Va Bartlett street between Twenty- .
third and Twenty-fourth, Interment LO.O. F.
Cemetery.
JEWELL— In this city, June 1, 1896, Barnard,
beloved husband of Elsie Jewell, and son of God-
frey and Melanie Jewell, and brother of Char-
lotte G. Jewell, a native of san Francisco, aged
22 years and 7 months, •
jjyFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY"
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from th«
residence of his parents. 601 Broderick street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:45
o'clock a. M. Please omit flowers.
JACKSON— In this city, June 1, 1896, Matilda A.
Jackson, beloved sister of Robert Jackson, a na*
tlve of the island of Saint Crolx, W. L, aged 62
years 2 months and 13 days.
JONES— In this city. June 1. 1898, O. H. J. Jones,
a native of England, aged 65 years.
jS»-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Ttreodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
■ between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KIND— In this city, Jnne 2. 1896, Richard Charles
Theodore, beloved husband of the late Adelheid
Kind, father of Minnie and Julia Kind, Mrs. I.
j Clod», Mrs. A. Hirsch, Mrs. Ed Lanlgan, Mrs.
W. Nixon and the late Harry Kind, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years 1 month and 9 days.
aSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. «c.. from his lata
residence. 916 Broadway, between -Mason and,
Taylor streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MacMON AGLE— In this city. June 2, 1896, Bey«
er.y MacMonagle Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 25 days. .
MARTIN— In Alviso, May 30, 1896, Captain John
Martin, beloved husband of Theresa B. Martin,
and father of John. Peter 8.. Terry R.. James C,
Theodore E., Marguerite E., Florence M. and
Esther J. Martin and Mrs. Neal Pitman and Mm.
C. V. Kavanagh, a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged 70 years 8 months and 6 days. -;
NICHOL— In Hayw-Hrds, at the residence of Dr.
W. T. Garwood. James Nichol. a native of Sierra
County, Oal., aged 42 years 9 months and 9 days.
jtarThe funeral will take place THUS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the
Catholic Church. Interment Catholic Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, June 1, 1896. Mathilda
Peterson, beloved sister of Mrs. Elsie Jacobsou,
Mrs. Elle Ahlgren. Mrs. Ben?; a Mattson. Mrs.
Nellie l.undberg and Mrs. liannah Winkel, a na.
tive of Hosoby. Blekinge, Sweden, aged 26 years
J_T Friends and acquaintances are mom-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. U., from her late
residence, 1108 Trent avenue, between Twensy-
fourth and Twenty- firth street*, thence to Swed-
ish Lmberan <- hurch Mission street, between
1-ighth and Ninth, where services: will be held
at 2 o'clock p. K. Interment I. O. O. F. ; Ceme-
tery. ' '. '■'••'
I SHEA— In this city, June 1, 1898, Patrick, beloved
husbnnd of Brid'zet Shea, and father of Chris-
topher C. and the late Nellie Shea; and uncle
of Christopher A. snea, a native of Carrlck-on-
Suir. County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 49 years.
4#-Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
" fully Invited to attend th(> funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from nfslato
residence.- 1446 Fo'.som street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn i requiem mass '
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. ; Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .'■■■ t
SlMSON— in this city. May 31, 1893. Colin Sim-
son. a native of Nova Scotia, as"A 72 years. -
US" Friends ana acquaintances are rßsnest-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of vis sister of, Mrs. Sarah Callaghan, 305
san Jose \ avenue. Interment ' Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by 11:37 O'clock a.m. train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. .
WcAVOY & CALL.ACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBAI-MKRS,
••fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
1516
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES MAY CLOSE ITS DOORS
Because There Is No Money
to Pay Running
Expenses.
W. S. KEYES' OPINION.
He Has a Plan That May
Save the Institu
tion.
OCCUPY ANOTHER BUILDING
He Says TI at This Must Be Done
Before the Academy Can Be
Prosperous.
The California Academy of beienres may
be compelled to close its doors for want of
money to carry on its work.
A few weeks ago President David Starr
The Academy of Sciences Huilding That May Have to Be Sold to Fnable the In
stitution to Carry on Its Work.
Jordan In open meetirff made an appeal to j
the members to raise money so the injti- !
tution might, continue on its career of use
fulness. He pointed to the fact that it was
about time to send out some expeditions,
and that there were also several manu- '
scripts awaiting publication, iie further ,
stated that the finances of the academy I
were about down to bedrock. A number
of bills were due and there was no money
to par them. In fact, there did not seem
to be enough money to enable the different
curators to buy such material as they
needed. President Jordan made a per
sonal appeal to the wealthy members
present to donate enough to tide over the
hard times. He also asked the others to
do what they could to help tbe institution
along.
It was thought, of course, that President
Jordan's remarks would have some weight
and that there would be a little money in
by the first of this month. Some of the
curators went ahead with their prepara
tions for expeditions, expecting to be in
the field by this time, but the first of the
month has come and there is not a dollar
in sip lit.
Tlie outlook at present is most dubious.
Tbe different curators have nothing to do
and are seemingly trying to kill time.
It is too late now to consider the mis
takes or mismanagement that has led to
such a disastrous state of affairs. The
simple fact remains that the academy
needs money, and there ought to be
enough wealthy men in this City to come
to its rescue in the hour of need. There is
NEW TO-DAY
A
Jamaica
tilNtiEß
has been curing the ills
of human kind. A spe-
cific for all stomach trou-
bles. Sold everywhere.
Ask for
FRED BROWN CO.,
PHILADELPHIA.
' an urgent need that some of the manu
scripts un ha*id be published at once, and
unless the money is forthcoming the au-
I thors will have to send them elsewhere,
; which would be an everlasting disgrace to
the State of California. Nearly all of the
manuscripts on hand are of the greatest
importance and should be published in the
! "Proceedings" of the academy, as they
| bear directly on California, although being
of the greatest interest to the scientific
world.
It is two years since any veiy important
Held -work has been done by the academy.
In the meantime numerous important
facts have been called to the attention of
the faculty and the curators are only wait
in, for the money so that they can go out
and investigate them. This work is just
that much behind the same branch being
done in other parts of the world, so that
there is a ereat deal to be done before the
academy can catch up. If money is not
provided for this work very soon it can
never be done at all, because it will be
hard for the workers to keep up their in
terest, and the accounts of the expedition
will be such back number works that the
academy would get no credit after they
were sent out.
As things stand, it looks as if the cura
tors will have to continue their labors at
the academy without pay until something
turns up or somebody makes a donation.
If the curators should agree to this, things I
will be all right, but if not, the academy
might as well close its doors. There are,
of course, several "funds" in the academy,
but they can only be used for certain pur
poses, like the Pierce fund of $iOOO, which
was given for the exclusive purchase of
books and cannot be made use of in tne
present stringency.
W. B. Keyes, the financial trustee of
the Academy of Sciences, was seen by a
Call representative at the Union Club
yesterday afternoon. Mr. Keyes was at
first reluctant to talk about ths subject,
declaring that any mention of It at the pres
ent time was premature and that, perhaps,
tbines could be arranged satisfactorily
without any great trouble; but he made
no effort to deny that the academy's af
fairs were in a very serious condition.
"The trouble is," said Mr. Keyes, "that
the academy has been spending its money
in taxfc. The Lick Trust paid them hereto
fore and when the directors had to 'dig up'
this year it left them short. That's all
there ia about it. The affairs of the acad
emy are straight and no doubt we can
manage to fix things up.
"My plan is, I think, the only one out
of the trouble. That is to sell that big
building on Market street, if we can, or
rent it, so that it will bring in an income.
The academy can then procure a building
in some part of town where land is worth
less than $3000 a front foot that would
answer the purpose much better, and at
such a price as would leave a large sum
for expeditions, publications and experi
ments. Whether this can be done or not
depends altogether on the action of the
board. I intend to lay my plan before it
at the next meeting, in about four weeks,
and I think it will be adopted.
"I ha-e studied out the matter care
fully, and have arrived at the conclusion
that the academy is really paying $1000 a
month rent, for it could get that much for
the building it now occupies, and then
buy or rent one within its income.
"What will be done if the board rejects
my plan is more than 1 can say. We will
have to devise some other plan, I guess.
There is only about $14,000 In sight that
we may get before the end of the year.
That is really not any more than is needed
for the business end of the institution, if
indeed it is enough. In the meantime the
creditors will have to get along on mighty
short rations, if they get any rations at
all, until we can get things fixed up.
"No, I don't think there will be any
money for publications or expeditions.
The expeditions must wait, and Eisen,
Loomis and the rest of them will have to
sena their manuscripts East if they won't
keep until we are prepared to handle
them."
CATTLE KING IN PERIL.
George White May Likely Be Sent to
.l;iil Tliix Morning.
Judge Hebbard will be asked to sign an
order committing Cattle-king White of
Mendocino County to jail this morning.
The proceeding is an outgrowth and a
part of the celebrated divorce suit of his
wife in which she won her case and $100,
-000, the latter not yet being paid.
"In 1*94, just about tne time the receiver
was appointed," said Mrs. White's attor
ney, Walter Linforth, last night, "White'
assigned three notes secured by mortgages
one for $2000, another for $900 and a third
U r $:JOOU. It was a part of his plan, as has
been shown in the trials of the case, to
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896.
keep his wife from getting the alimony
awarded to her by the court.
"The order and application to show cause
why he should not be committed to the
County Jail until he transferred the as
signed notes to the receiver was argued on
the sth of May. On the 13th an order was
made for White to turn over the notes and
mortgages to the receiver. We have given
him eighteen days in which to comply
with the order of the court, and uniess he
takes the fleeting moments by the forelock
he will be delivered to the Sheriff to-nior
mow morning at about 10 o'clock."
SHE SHOT HERSELF.
Bin. Jacob Wehrle Says She Was Tired
of Working for Her
Husband.
Elsie Wehrle, wife of Jacob Wehrle, car
penter and house agent, 379 Natoma street,
shot herself in the chest last night and the
wound will probably prove fatal.
Wehrle left home at 7 o'clock last night
and returned about 10. He found the
front and rear doors locked, so he got a
stepladder and climbed through one of
the windows. He found his wife on the
floor of one of the rooms with blood
oozing from a wound in her chest. The
revolver was on a table close to where she
lay.
At the Receiving Hospital Dr. Bunnell
probed for the bullet, but was unable to
locate it. He expressed the opinion that
the wound would in all probability prove
fatal.
Mrs. Wehrle was not unconscious. She
said she had been married fifteen years
and had lived seven years in this City. "I
am tired of working for my husband," she
said. "It has besn nothing but work,
work all these years helping him in his
business, and I have got nothing but
al hi se from him. No, we have no children.
1 hope I will die. 1 am 36 years of age."
PLANS WILL BE CHANGED.
The City Hall Roof Will Be Built on
More Economical Lines.
The City Hall Commissioners at their
meeting yesterday decided to reject all
bids for the construction of the permanent
roof to the hall because of the scarcity of
the funds available for the work.
It was originally supposed that there
would be plenty of money for the purpose,
but when the bids were opened it was
found that tlie lowest were in the aggre
gate much higher than had been an
ticipated. Architect Snea showed the
commissioners yesterday that by using
artificial stone instead of slate in the roof,
the structure would be much less expen
sive as well as much lighter, and he was
instructed to change the plans and SDeci
lications so as to bring the cost within the
means at the command of the commission
ers. The contracts for the dome work,
with the exception of the art class and the
marble work for the top gallery, will be
let to-day.
LOVE WINS NONE THE LESS
Romantic Elopement of a Hand
some South Side
Belle.
Difference of Creed Counted as Noth
ing by the Two Devoted
Lovers.
The simultaneous disappearance of two j
young folks living in the vicinity of i
Fourth and Bryant streets has set the '
gossiping tongues of the neighborhood ;
busy relating the particulars of a sup- ■
posed elopement.
On Friday last Stoker McAuliffe of fire
engine 10, on Bryant street, near Third — [
a brother of Joe McAuliffe, the pugilist —
mysteriously disappeared, leaving behind
j him a wife and two young children. He
had evidently been contemplating his de
parture beforehand, for he had sent in his
resignation to the Fire Department a few
days before. It is also said that he has
kept his salary for the last two months, j
not giving anything to his wife. It is
further rumored that before leaving he
laid in an extensive supply of wearing
apparel, as if he intended to leave for
good.
Nobody i;i the neighborhood yesterday
knew anything about the ez-Hreman a
present whereabouts. His wife was bosy
superintending the removal of her furni
ture from her former residence, ana in
response to a query as to her husband's
whereabouts curtly answered that she
knew nothing more than that he had gone
away last Friday.
Miss Lizzie Thomson, who lived with
her parents on Freelon street, near Foui 1 h,
and whose name the south-Hide gossips
liave coistieotea with the disappearance of
McAuliffe, also left her home last Friday.
Miss Thomson, who ia a handsome blonde j
about 20 years of age, was the youngest of j
j the family and a general favorite. Her
mother and married sister, when seen yes
terday, indignantly denied that she had
gone off with McAuliffe.
"It is true that Lizzie has trone off and
been married," said Mrs. Thomson.
"She has been keeping company with a
young man from Denver, but we didn't
think anything of it beause she had so j
many gentlemen friends.
"Evidently her attachment for this
young man from Denver was stronger
than we thought. She had known him for
lour or five years, having become ac
quainted with him while she was working
as saleswoman in one of the uptown stores
where he was bookkeeper. He was a very
quiet, gentlemanly fellow, but I suppose
Lizzie thought I would oppose her marry
ing him because they were of different re
| ligions. At any rate' she went off with
j him, leaving the following note, dated
Friday evening: 'I know this is a terrible
blow, but don't think of it — it will all pass
over. I have eloped with a young man I
am in love with. I will write in a day or
two.'
"From a bosom friend of Lizzie's we
have learned that she is now spending her
honeymoon at Fresno. She will be back
at the end of the week and her husband
then intends to go into business at Los
Angeles.
"It is outrageous to suppose that my
daughter has gone off with McAuliffe.
Why would a pretty, accomplished young
girl want to run off with a man who has a
wife and children? No. my girl isn't that
kind. She and her husband — tiis first
name is Ray, but I can't recall his last
nam" — will be back by the end of the week,
and we will be glad to have her back with
us again."
A NOVEL EXCURSION.
Will Stop at Point* of Interest in So-
noma Valley.
There will be a grand family excursion
and outing in Sonoma Valley next Sun
day, which will be novel in several re
spects. The train will be chartered by J.
E. Locke and will be run to eive its pa
trons a fine trip. There will be a stop of
an hour at the old town of Sonoma to in
spect the historical adobe buildings, a
wait of two hours will be made at Aqua
Caliente Springs, where the baths may
be enjoyed, and then Glen Ellen will be
visited and nearly four hours' stay will be
given. All those who obtain their tickets
on or before Saturday evening may secure
reserved seats in special cars without extra
charge. The party will leave on the 7:30
a. M. Tiburon ferry, where unreserved
sent tickets will be provided. Mr. Locke
will be assisted by a number of gentlemen
in conducting the excursion, which is ar
ranged for people who enjoy a quiet, re
spectable,-genteel outing. A popular rate
is offered for the event.
Starch and glucose are considerable
products of the Indian rice crop.
OLD LADIES WHO
LAUGH AT TIME,
Aged Spiritualists Will
Hold a Unique
Gathering.
OLDEST AGED 89 YEARS.
Guests to Drink From Teacups
Two Hundred and Filty
Years Old.
PARTY GIVEN BY MES. PARRISH
She Wrote for "The Call" in 1873
aud Is Now Preparing a Treatise
on Heredity.
Something unusual is going to occur
this afternoon. Perhaps something un
usual occurs every afternoon, but for ab
solute oddness this something will take
the cake.
The ladies who are to participate
are dear old grandmothers and great-
Mrs. Kath erinc Parrish, a Spiritualist. Aped 82 Years, Who Will Give a Birthday
Party To-day to Two Old Ladies of the Cult. Aged 89 and 85 Respectively,
Whose Birthdays Coincide With Hers.
grandmothers, and one of them en
joys the proud distinction of being
• great - great - grandmother. Besides, i
they are all spiritualists, which adds to i
the novelty. And strange to tell, the
birthdays of three of these frosty-haired
old ladies agree chronologically.
The affair is to be a birthday party, ;
given by Mrs. Katherine Parrish at her j
residence, 28 Eighth street, it being the 1
anniversary of the day when she and two ;
of her aged friends. Mrs. H. H. Post and
Mrs. Elizabeth Stone, first started across
the stormy sea of life.
Mrs. Post is the oldest of the trio, hav
ing passed the eighty-ninth milestone of j
her existence in the flesh. Mrs. Stone j
has attained the ripe old age of 85. The !
youngest of the three, Mrs. Parrish, who |
gives the party, has had her hair whitened \
by the snows of eighty-two winters and j
her features softened and lighted up by as '
many summers.
But this is not all— there are going to be
some others of the old ladies' female friends
present to reioice with them at tne happy
state in which they find themselves after j
so many years of usefulness. These friends '
are themselves years past the allotted age
of man.
For instance there will b*» present Mrs.
Herring, aged 83; Mrs. Vero, aged 76;
Mrs. Susanna Cowden, aged 76, and Mrs.
E. L. York, Mrs. M. L. Churchill, Mrs.
Kenney and Mrs. Nash, all over 70 years
of a<:e.
Nor does this end the list of wonderful
things. Some articles are to brought forth
for this particular occasion that Mrs. Par
rish has treasured up for many years lor
just such an occasion. Rare and costly
are they and one, ia which the motherly
old lady takes a particular pride,
is the tabfe cover. If it could only
speak it could tell of affairs that hap
pened many years ago itself. That table
cover is just fifty years old, is of rare
and costly design and has never been
brought forth before except as an exhibit
to a lew particular friends.
Ihe teacups from which the old ladies
will drink their tea are hand-painted and
are over 2.30 years old. They were brougnt
over from England many, many years ago
and are highly valued he.rlooms.
And then there is the cake basket, also
the property of Mrs. Parrish. It was
brought over from Amsterdam in KJ4O by
Peter Claussen, her great-grandfather.
Mrs. Parrish was born In Alleghany,
Pa., in 1«14, just when the War of 1812 was
drawing to a close. Though 82 years of
age she is to-day in perfect health, and her
mental faculties are as keen as ever. Not
only does she keep herself informed on
current events, but she keeps herself in
formed on so many that she might almost
be termed a walking encyclopedia.
Her life has also been filled with excit
ing experiences. Once she was ship
wrecked off tbe Oregon coast, and after
floating four days and nights on a mat
tress was picked up by a passing schooner.
Her progeny are numerous. To-day she
has twenty-three great-grandchildren and
two great- great-grandchildren.
In 1873 she wrote numerous articles, all
of which were published in The Call. In
belief she is a fret-thinker, and accepts the
spiritualistic cult. Her written produc
tions have dealt with her beliefs in a
limited way. At present she is engaged in
compiling two books, one on autobio
graphy and the other dealing with the
laws of heredity.
On the walls "of her apartments are to be
seen many quaint and valuable pictures.
The counterpane on her bed is silken, and
came into her possession sixty-five years I
ago, one year after Bhe donned tne bridal j
costume.
The festivities will begin this afternoon
at 3. o'clock, and will consist of banquet
ing, tea-drinking and recounting the
reminiscences of bygone days. Among
the invited guests are:
Mrs M. E. Fair, Mrs. A. E. Kldd. Mrs. F. M.
Sulley, Mrs. Lucy Mellor, Mrs. Laura de Force
Gordon, Mrs. Wenzell, Mrs. Frances Treadwell,
Miss Louise 3ebey, Mrs. \V. L. Owen, Mrs. Jud
son Wheeler, Mrs. L. D. Pickford, Mrs. MeCoxd,
Mrs. Lucy Brickoff, Mrs. S. W. Butler, Mrs. Har
riet llendrieks, Mrs. Eloiso Manning, Mrs.
Annie Uarrick, Mrs. J. M. Sloper, Mrs. Ida Jen
kins.
Itobbert l>y a Fraud.
J. 6. O'Rourke, blacksmith, 169 Harrison
street, swore to a complaint yesterday charg
ing Kosie Batwell with grand larceny. Rosie
was arrested by Policeman J. L. Byan and
booked at the City Prison. On Monday she
cilled at O'Kourke'a house and told Mrs.
O'Rourke a pitiful story of a suffering mother
and sick sister who were starving. Mrs.
O'Rourke went among her neighbors to get
help for Rosie, and while she was away Rosie
stole a goid watch, chain and locket, valued at
$75, and left.
MAY REMOVE POLES.
Judge Sea-well's Ruling Regarding
Sidewalk >~uisKnce<>.
The Superintendent of Streets can re
move lightpoles erected along Market
street by the Mutual Electric Light Com
pany, for Judge Sea well has refused to
grant an injunction restraining him from
doing so.
The company was granted permission to
lay conduits on Market street, between
Kearny and Grant avenue. The permis
sion carried with it the right to connect
the conduits with business block* on either
side of the street, but the company went
further and put up lampposts. Superin
tendent Ashworth ordered the removal of
the post-, and the company obtained a
temporary restraining order. The order
was dissolved yesterday, Judge Seawell
ruling that anything which unlawfully
obstructs the free passage of pedestrians
is a nuisance and the Superintendent of
Streets may remove it. The Board of Su
pervisors may allow poles to be erected for
the purpose of lighting the streets, but it
must be shown that a satisfactory permit
had been issued before the obstruction
can be allowed. He found no such right
had been granted in the case at bar, and
so refused to enjointhe Superintendent of
Streets.
» » «
THE BUILDING TRADES.
The Position of the ShinglerM' Union a
Troublesome Question.
The unions of the Building Trades Coun
cil are having considerable trouble over
the question whether or not the Shinglers'
Union shall be recognized as a union. As
a fart, this union was formed by the or
ganizing committee of the council, which
invited the new organization to send dele-
gates to the council. The carpenters'
1 unions, however, opposed their admission
i and refused to recognize the shinglers as
I a union or otherwise, claiming that shing
ling interfered with the carpentering
trade. The business agents were directed
to strike jobs where shinglers were em-
I ployed.
This caused much annoyance, as other
1 union men declined to be called out, on
i the ground that the shinglers had formed
a regularly organized union.
Monday evening the Plasterers' Union
expressed a disposition to recognize the
shii'giers as a union. The Painters' Union
decided last night to recommend that the
council admit the Shinglers' delegates.
A mass meeting of all the members of
i the carpenters' unions will be held
; this evening at 115 Turk street to dis
i cuss the troublesome question as to the
I standing of the Shin^lers' Union in labor
I circles. The District Council proposes to
fine all carpenters $5 who do not attend
the meeting.
Monday evening at the painters meeting it
was decided to withdraw the union's dele
j gates from the Trades and Labor Alliance.
When the Building Trades Council
meets on Thursday night R. T. Mclvor
will present his resignation as business
agent. 111-health prevents him from per
forming the duties of the position.
THE UBIQUITOUS AGENT.
Enterprising Business Methods of
a Most Engaging Young
Man.
Convents and Charitable Institutions
S?em to Be His Chosen Har
vest-Fie d.
Charitable institutions and convents are
said to be in dancer at the hands of a
swindler who describes himself as agent
for a forthcoming publication to be called
"The Illustrated institutions of Califor
nia."
His latest victim is a Franciscan father
at the Watsonville Orphan Asylum, where
the Catholic male orphans of the diocese
of Monterey and Los Angeles are usually
sent. The silver-tongued operator so im
pressed the good father with the coming
glories of the book that he gave the agent
several photographs to be reproduced in
half-tone cuts, and also $15 in gold and a
note of hand for $10. The young man
gave the friar a receipt for "the money,
signing it, "Taylor & Watson, Merchants'
Publishing Company, per Taylor."
This transaction took place on May 15.
A few days ago the friar had occasion to
come to the City, and proceeded to 63"2
Market street, where the Merchants' Pub
lishing Company has its offices. On mak
ing himself known h" was much surprised
to learn that the company was not getting
out any book on California!) religious in
stitutions, and that the names Taylor and
Watson were not found on the roll of
agents. A peculiar feature of the affair is
that the fraudulent agent gave the correct
address of the company's office to the
Franciscan, who last weeK sent to "Taylor
& Watson" a letter directed to that num
ber. Tiiis letter has not reached the com
pany though it was addressed in their care.
The father describes his victimizer as a
man perhaps 38 years, of handsome ap
pearance and engaging manners. His
face was clean-shaven with the exception
of a light, silky mustache. When he
dawned upon the orphan asylum he was
riding a tine, new bicycle, and was dressed
in a fashionably niade knickerbocker suit
of light tweed. He told his victim that
he intended visiting Santa Cruz, Monterey
and Southern California.
California Mining.
A free lecture on California mining, with
stcreopticon views, will be given this evening
at Union Square Hall, Post street, near Mason,
by Professor HarolJ W. Fairbanks of the Uui
ver.sity of California, assisted by George K.
1 1 ••:--!_'. M. E., under the auspices of the Gold
Mining Exchange.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. «^_-w~>
FRENCH
WOOLEN
DRESS
FABRICS.
SPECIAITSALE !
Our customers are informed
that commencing Wednesday,
June 3, we will offer 3 CASES
GENUINE FRENCH COVERT
CLOTH in 15 different colorings
at
OUC per Yard.
The above goods are our own impor-
tation. They are from one of the best
manufacturers in ROUBAIX, are full 42
inches in width, and at the price quoted
are EXCEPTIONAL VALUES.
To our patrons residing out of the city we suggest the Import-
ance of writing for samples hi once while the assortment is complete.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THEIR DIABOLIC REVENGE:
Suspended Schoolboys Create
Havoc at the Edison
School.
Ink-Smeared Flags and Emptied Chalk-
Boxes Remain to Tell the
Tnle.
A lurid tale of revenge perpetrated by
schoolboys because they had been sus
pended by their teacher comes from the
Edison Primary School on Church street,
near Twenty-second. Last week Eddie
O'Brien, aged 11 years, and Perry Harvey,
aged 13, were suspended by the principal,
Miss Chalmers, for insubordination. As
they brooded over their fancied wrongs
the youthful offenders becamo seized with
a wild, uncontrollable longing for revenge
— revenge so diabolical that it should
strike eternal terror to the hearts of peda
gogical oppressors.
By Saturday night the details of the fell
plot had been evolved in the brains of the
conspirators. Between 5 and 6 o'clock in
the evening a group of children playing in
the neighborhood watched, in awe-struce
silence, the two youthful house-breakers
kick a pane of glass from a window on the
cround floor of the school and crawl
through into the building.
Once within the school the youthful
avengers began their career of destruction.
The glass door of the principal's office was
shattered, red and black ink was
poured over the costly silk flags and
on the boons lying on the teachers'
desks.- The hands of all the clocks were
bent or broken and the pendulums torn
off. Every room was strewn with the con
tents of emptied chalk-boxes, pen boxes
and pencil boxes, and all the blackboards
were adorned with miscellaneous artistic
sketches and mottoes heroic and other
-7* i»e. ■
At length they satiated their thirst for
revenge. Booty they scorned, for scat
tered dimes and nickels in tne drawers of
the various desks had been left untouched.
When they had gone, iittle Jimmy
Burns, who had witnessed the burglary
with mouth open with astonishment,
climbed into the school to see that his class
room was all right. Seeing a curtain ly
ing on the lloor Jimmy dutifully picked it
up and carried it home for safekeeping.
"Take that right back," shouted Mrs.
Burns as her young hopeful came in lug
gmir the curtain. "First thing you know
they'll be having you up before the
Judge." The prophetic warning came
true, and Jimmy has been subpenaed as a
witness.
Eddie O'Bripn was arrested Monday
morning by Officer Thomson and is now
behind the bars, rejoicing in the ven
geance he has inflicted upon his oppress
ors. Perry Harvey is believed to have
"nipped" a Southern Pacific train and to
be now rusticating in the vicinity of San
Jose. At last report Sheriff Lyndon and
his Dunham posse had not yet been put
on the youthful desperado's track, but it
is probable that he will soon join his
coadjutor O'Brien.
The case of the two young burglars came
up yesterday morning in the Police Court,
but was continued until next Thursday.
A period of contemplation in the City
Prison and possibly a visit to Whittier, it
is thought, will take from the youthful
reprobates any further desire for ven
geance.
When Baby was sick, wo gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
3S-lnch FRENCH SERGE, all wool
' 280 Yard
38-inch FRENCH SEROB, fine wool
i 880 Yard
46-inch FRENCH SEROB tine wool
SOo Yard
46-inch FRENCH CO ATINQSERQE,
SOo Yard
52-inch DIAGONAL 5ERGE........
% » 750 Yard
54-inch DIAGONAL SERGE
81.00 Yard
54-inch DIAGONAL SERGE
61.25 Yard
50-Inch ETAMINE, all wool
SI. OO Yard
50-inch CANVAS ETAMINE
51.25 Yard
The above goods are all unusual
a values and should be compared with
| any shown in this city.
1 |3T SEE OUR OFFERING
I IN SUMMER UNDER-
| WEAR.
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-}
ing room, Bedroom and> C7^i Oft
Kitchen.. J.S#D.VU
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, 6) QIC* KA
pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28) $IU.tIV
Large Assortment Fancy Oaki tf»l JTA
and Mahogany Rockers....) »ij7J.«t»l/.
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,) © A A A
highly p01i5hed.............) tjJVx.UU
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) ©OK A A
in brocatelle ) WZ'J.VV
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) tA p4. Q
. Brussels and Ingrains, >■ *J\J V. t»>
sewed, laid and lined ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast On easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed" and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 231) and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Evening*
s: opium
The pur« essential extract from the native dratr Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal . properties of Onium
without !U noxious elements. No sickness cf Konwch.
no vointtJigj no costlveneas , no headache. All DrasjtUu!
NOTARY PUBLIC~
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-AT
V> law and Notary Public, 638 Market at onnal
wie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. R«gldeno« Mao
I'eUau Telephone; "PJa«" aS«L w " iUBQaw *•«•