VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 8.
LURED FROM SLEEP TO DEATH
The Shahamarian Family
Arose From Couches to
Be Slain.
HASTENED TO AID
A DROWNING MAN.
Enticed to a Vineyard Ditch
Where the Assassin Awaited
Their Coming.
RUSBIAN VENGEANCE
FOX INSULTED HONOR.
Fresno Officers Confident That Out
raged Colonists Committed the
Murders.
FRESNO, Cal., June 7.— The excitement
over the triple murder of the Shahamarian
family has not abated. The mystery has
only deepened, and interest in the case
has been increased. The authorities are
still unable to find any tangible clew to
assist in the search for the assassin. They
are only more convinced as they continue
to investigate that the murder was a cold
blooded and deliberate affair. Suspicion
is no longer directed toward young Daniel
Schermerian, the nephew of tiie murdered
father and cousin of the murdered son
and daughter. The Sheriff is convinced
that Schermerian was in no way connected
with the deed.
The only plausibly theory now is that
the family was assassinated by one or two
Russians. It has been learned definitely
that the Russians held a number of meet
ings to decide upon the punishment to be
meted to Benjamin Shahamarian, the mur
dered youth, for his insults to women and
indignities upon 'three and four year old
children.
Russian children tell some revolting
tales regarding the Shahamarian youth's
actions and the women substantiate their
stories. Pastor Legler of the Russian
church was the one who went to a jus
tice court in this city to have the young
man arrested. The name of the husband
of the woman whom Benjamin Shahama
rian insulted the day before he was killed
was William Branderberg. Conceding
that the Russian theory is the correct one.
the officers have no clew as to who com
niitted the murder.
It i» now known that the Russian coion
The Humble Cottage From Which the Shahamirlan Family Was Decoyed to Death.
The Bodies of Stephen Shahamarian and His Daughter, Queen, Were. Found Side ; . by Side, While Iw-Mity •Paces* Distant Was r the
. ■ Corpse of the Son, Benjamin. • p
[Photographed for " The Call."] .
The San Francisco Call.
ists had often agreed among themselves
that young Shahamarian ought to be
killed. Threats have been made against
his life. Havii.g become convinced in their
ignorance that there was no redress in the
courts the. Russians might have become
convinced that for the protection of their
wives and daughters they must themselves
mete out the penalty to the young man.
There are large number of Russians in
Fresno and they all live in the south
eastern past of the city. Their district is
called Russian Town and they rarely
mingle with people of other nationalities,
living in a little district of their own-
District Attorney Snow to-day visited
the Chinese camp located in a pear
orchard, across a canal, which sep
arates the trees from the vineyard
on the Meux place, where the tragedy
occurred. Several of the Chinamen stated
that at a late hour on the night of the
murder they were awakened by pistol
shots. None of the Mongols had counted
the number, however. They stated that
the shots were followed by screaming,
which suddenly ceased. They were afraid
to get up and investigate. They could not
tell what the hour was, except that it was
late.
It has been established that the family
was called from bed before being lured to
death. Upon careful investigation of the
attire on the three bodies, especially that
of the daughter, it was ascertained that
they had dressed hastily. The woman's
shoes were unbuttoned and she had evi
dently hastily slipped her feet into them.
An entrance into the murdered family's
home was effected to-day. Yesterday
only the front door was tried and it was
found locked. There was no key in the
door, nor could one be found on the bodies.
The rear door was to-day found un
fastened. An investigation of the house
revealed that the beds were not re
arranged after occupancy. This proved to
the officers that the victims had been
aroused from their slumbers and hastily
donned their clothes.
The question which is being asked on
every hand is, How were the victims lured
from home to a lonely place nearly two
miles distant at such a late hour of the
night? One — and only one— theory has
any one thus far ventured to make. It is
that the murderer called the Shahamari
ans from the house by telling them that a
man was drowning in the vineyard ditch.
It is pointed out that the young man's
body was found nearest the bank of the
ditch, he being the most fleet of foot. The
ditch at this point forms an angle and the
tracks show that the victims left their
home directly for the point of the angle.
The canal was full of water, and they must
have known that they could not cross it.
This is the only theory which accounts for
their presence at this point.
I f is believed that at least two men were
implicated in the tragedy— one to lure the
Armenians to an advantageous place,
SCENE OF THE TRIPLE TRAGEDY IN A FRESNO VINEYARD
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 8, 1896.
He Never'll Know What Hit Him When the Bomb Goes Off.
where- the assassin was waiting to kill
them. The theorists believe that the blind
wrath of the Russians against young Sha
hamarinn was directed also against his
father and sister, because they had placed
no restraint upon the young man, and it
was therefore deemed best to exterminate
all. Another idea is that it was the inten
tion to call only the boy from the house,
but the father and daughter were also
awakened and accompanied Benjamin.
The funerai of the three Armenians was
held this afternoon. The entire Armenian
colony attended in large numbers, and
Rev. D. H. Gillan of the North Methodist
Church conducted the services. Daniel
Schermerian, who was arrested on suspi
cion, and his father attended as the only
mourners.
JUDGE HARRIN ENGAGED
Will Defend Corleui When He It Tried
for Shooting Slatingnrne.
FRESNO, Cal., June 7.— Ex-Superior
• Judge M K. Harris is to be one of the at
| torneyswho will defend W. C. Corlew, who
i phot and wounded Lee Blasingame in Big
Sandy Valley a few days ago. Biasincame
j was a brother-in-law* of Louis B. Mc-
Whirter, who was assassinated in ihiscity
j over three years ago, and was prominent
I in the prosecution of Richard Heath, ac-
I cused of the crime. Judge Harris' name
i was unpleasantly connected with that
trial, and Blasingame waa very energetic
In the prosecution of the case on lines
which pointed to McWhirter's death as
the result of his opposition to a ring of
politicians.
Arthur radelford Datri.
LONDON, Eno., June 7.— Arthur Padel
ford of Baltimore died in Paris to-day of
spinal menineitis. He was the husband
of Bettina Girard.
ANARCHISTS HURL A BOMB
Several Persons Killed by an
Explosion on a Barcelona
Street
Reign of Terror Inaugurated by Fol
lowers of the Red Flag in
Spdn.
BARCELONA, Spain. June 7.— The an
archists have resumed their activity in
this city, and much fear is entertained
that they will inaugurate another reign of
terror similar to that which prevailed in
1892 and 18D3, when there were many ex
plosions here, in Madriit and other Spanish
cities. At 9 o'clock to-night a bomb was
exploded while a religious procession was
taking place and several persons were
killed. The outrage has caused the great
est excitement.
The authorities held a meeting subse
quent to the explosion, and resolved to
take energetic measures to discover the
authors of the crime and to prevent fur
ther outrages. This is the second outrage,
or attempted outrage, within a few days.
Durinj a religious procession on the feast
of Corpus Christi a bomb was found in a
dust Leap near the cathedral. It was evi
dently the intention of those who placed
the bomb where it was found to kill or
ma ; m some of those taking pait in the
procession.
A number of anarchists have been ar
rested, but as yet there is no positive proof
that any of them caused the explosion.
Six persons we "c killed by the explosion
to-day and twenty-four wounded. It is
not known what explosive the bomb con
tained, but judging from its effects it must
have been very powerful. The Captain-
General of the province of Barcelona acted
as standard-bearer in the procession, while
the Civil Governor and City. Alcalde held
the streamers of the banner. It is believed
that the designers of the outrage contem
plated killing these officials.
At a late hour to-night the police had
not discovered any clew to the actual
authors of the crime, but the number of
suspects who have been lodged in jail is
quite large. The police believe that they
perhaps will be able to catch those re
sponsible for the crime through the con
fession of some of the anarchists who have
been arrested. This, however, appears to
j be a very slight hope.
The procession was in connection with
j the Corpus Christi festival. The bomb was
j thrown when the processionists were en
tering the church of Santa Maria, and the
people were panic-stricken by the explo-
I aion and its effects. Those already in the
church made a wild rush to get outside,
while many of those on the outside scat
tered and fled in every direction. While
some of the priests present did everything
in their power to allay the excitement,
others administered the last rites of the
church to those oi the injured who seemed
j likely to die. Quite a large crowd was wit
nessing the precession, and the man who
threw the deadly missile effected his es
cape in the excitement. It is reported
that some people who were standing close
to him have furnished the police with a
description of him, and hopes are enter
tained that he will soon be in custody.
MADRID, Spain, June 7.— Two dyna
mite cartridges exploded to-night outside
of a bouse occupied by a priest at Oren
dain, near St. Sebastian, province of Gui
pnzcoa. The house and other buildings in
the vicinity were badly damaged, but no
body was hurt.
CUBA'S FIERCE AMAZONS
Four Companies Under Maceo
Wield the Machete With
Deadly Effect.
Prefer Death on the Battlefield to the
Horrors of Capture by the
Spanish.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jane 7.— lt has been
learned here on indisputable authority
that Maceo has an army of 20,000 men
and they are strongly fortified in the
mountains of Pinar del Kio, the Spaniards
having uttt-rly failed to drive them from
their strongholds. Maceo has eight can
non, two of which were captured Irom the
trocha on his recent attack, when it was
reported that he was repulsed.
The report that Maceo has four com
panies of women soldiers has been con
firmed. The Cuban women have such a
dread of Spanish brutality that many of
them prefer fighting on the battlefield be
cide their husbands and brothers to being
thrown into the forts at the Spaniards'
mercy. In Maceo's recent attack on the
trocha these Amazons took part and
fought fiercely, usinz machetes on the
Soaniards. The attack was made north
of San Marcos, and General Bermudez
crossed into Havana province with 1500
men.
IN FILTDY QUARTENS
How Consul' Oertxral Zee found the
Competitor Prinonera.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 7.— Consul-Ge
neral Fitzhngh Lee to-day visited the men
who were captured on the filibustering
American schooner Competitor, and who
are now confined in the Cabanas fortress
under sentence of death. General Lee
found the prisoners lodged in unhealthy
quarters and will request Captain-General
Weyler to order that they be given better
accommodations. The Consul-General
also saw Julio Sanguilly, an American cit
izen, who is under sentence of life im
prisonment for conspiring against the
pleace of Spain aud whose case on appeal
is now before the court of Cassation in
Madrid.
It is said that General Lee, as a special
favor, requested Captain-General Weyler
to release Mr. Dawley, the correspondent
of Harper's Weekly, who was arrested a
few days ago. The request was granted
and it is expected that Dawley will be re
leased from Moro Castle to-morrow.
DOCUMENTS ARRIVE
The Competitor Cnte to Be Reviewed in
.Vadrid.
MADRID, Spain, June 7.— The docu
me nts relative to the seizure of the Ameri
can schooner Competitor and the senten
cing to death of Alfredo Laborde, Owen
Milton, William Kinlea, Elias Bedia and
Teodore Maza, who were ou board her,
have arrived here. They will be immedi
ately submitted to the military and naval
council which will review all the proceed
ings in the case.
REVIEWED BY THE CZAR.
Fifty Thousand Troops Parade on the
Plain Where the Recent Calamity
Occurred.
MOSCOW, Russia, June 7.— The Czar to
day reviewed 50,000 troops on the Hodynsky
Plain, the scene of the great calamity re
sulting in the enormous loss of life which
attended the free distribution of ford, etc.,
in connection with the coronation cere
monies.
His Majesty wore the uniform of the
Preobajensky Regiment, in which he was
attired when he crowned himself. In go
ing to the plain he rode a brown horse
alongside of an open carriage in which
were the Czarina and Grand Duchess
Maria Paulowna. The carriage was drawn
by four cream colored ponies. A great
crowd assembled to witness the review and
their Majesties were enthusiastically
greeted when they appeared.
The Czar first rode slowly around the
troops, who were drawn up in lines, and
then went around them in a canter. The
Czar and Czarina, accompanied by a bril
liant suite and the visiting foreign Princes,
then went to the imperial pavilion, where
the Czarina took a position in the top bal
cony. The Czar, still on horseback, stood a
little in advance of his suite, and wit
nessed the march past of the troops. The
interest of his Majesty did not flag
throughout the ceremony, which ended at
1:15 p. m. The weather was extremely
warm.
The Czar and Czarina this afternoon
bade farewell to the foreign Princes and
the Ministers that came to Moscow to at
tend the coronation, and started to-night
for the imperial estate of Ilir.sky, which is
situated a short distance from this city.
Here their Majesties will remain for a
week to recover from the fatigue occa
sioned by the long round of ceremonies
and fetes, after which they will return to
St. Petersburg, into whicll city they will
make a state entry.
DERVISHES PUT TO ROUT
Decisive Victory Won by the
Anglo-Egyptian Army in
the Soudan.
Emir Hammuda and One Thousand of
His Warriors Fall in
Battle.
LONDON, Eire., June 7.— The Marquis
of Lansdown, Secretary of State for War,
has received a telegram dated Akasheh,
June 7, evening, from Sir Henry Kitch
ener, sirdar of the Egyptian army, saying:
"We surprised the enemy at dawn at
Firket. They resisted gallantly, holding
the hills and village, but were completely
defeated ana their retreat cut off. We cap
tured their camp and all their camels,
horses and provisions. Our casualties were
slight. The troops behaved excellently."
CAIRO, Egypt, June 7. — A dispatch
from Akesheh, the advance post occupied
by the Egyptian troops in the Soudan,
states that 1000 Dervishes were killed in
the fighting %t and around Firket, includ
ing their commander, Emir Hammuda.
The Egyptian loss waa 70 killed and 82
wounded.
BUDA-PESTH'S FESTIVITIES.
The Crowrilfiegalia Displayed in the Pres
ence of Multitudes— Progamme
for To-Day.
BUDA-PESTH, Hungary, June 7.— The
crown regalia was displayed to-day in
connection with the celebrations in honor
of the one thousandth anniversary of the
founding of the Hungarian kingdom!
The regalia was viewed by 600,000 per
sons, while 300,000 others were unable to
gain admission to the building in which
the emblems of royalty were displayed.
The crowds in the city to-day were enor
mous. The street? were impassable to
vehicles, and pedestrians found the
greatest difficulty in getting from one
part of the city to another.
The hotels and hoardinp-houses were
filled to their utmost capacity. It was
impossible to hire a cab for the reason that
they have all been engaged by visitors
who occupy them day arid night as lodg
ings. The railways are unceasingly brine
ing in hundreds of visitors from all the
country districts.
Among those who have recently arrived
are many distinguished foreigners, who
came from Moscow, where they attended
the ceremonies attendant upon the cor
onation of the Czar.
To-morrow there will be inaugurated on
the plain of Puzztaszer a monument to
Prince Arpad. The site of the monument
is where the first constitutional compact
was made by Prince Arpad and the chiefs
of the nation.
MASSACRED BY KURDS.
Rumored Slaughter of French, British and
German Engineers Working on a
New Railway.
ATHENS, Greece, June 7. — It is report
ed here that Kurds hav.e massacred several
French, British and German engineers
who were employed on the railway be
tween Smyrna and Kassaba.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FILLETS ADVICE
TO THE DELEGATES.
Not Good Politics to Nomi
nate McKinley on the
First Ballot
NO FORCING IS NEEDED.
He Wants a Free and Fair Fight
With No Bad Blood
Left. .
LEADERS CALLED TO CANTON.
A Gavel With a History— Quarters for
Colored Delegates Causing Some
Anxiety.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 7.— By common
consent the advance guards of the several
Presidential booms made this a day of
rest from the arduous tasks imposed by
politics. At the hotels these gentlemen
were "out" to all callers. Hon. Chauncey
I. Filley took a party through the show
part of the city and eventually brought
them up at the "Mosque." as his Beau
mont-street residence is known.
If there have been doubts as to the leader
de facto of Missouri Repub licans, it has
been dispelled by the demands for counsel
and advice made upon Mr. Filley by the
prominent Republicans already here.
When the claims were made yesterday by
Major McKinley's friends that their can
didate would be nominated by accla
mation on the first ballot Mr. Filley
promptly objected.
"It is not good politics," said he, "for
McKinley to be nominated on the first
ballot. There is no occasion for it. No
club should be used. No forcing is needed.
A free, fair fight is the thing. We don't
want any bad blood left. To rule out
every other candidate would be a dis
courteous act, which no friend of McKin
ley should countenance. Perhaps an in
formal ballot should be provided for first,
to be followed by a formal ballot later.
But certainly the roll must be called
through to the end. There will be dele
gates here to discharge their instructions
for other candidates. It would be neither
courteous nor ri^ht to do anythine which
would prevent every delegate having his
vote recorded and announced by the chair
man before M< Kialey'a nomination is
made unanimous."
Mr. Filiey also took occasion to talk
about Mr. Platt, and insisted that the
New York leader would only make an
honorable tight in opposition to McKinley.
Apropos of Mr. Filley's leadership, it will
be recalled that h«» defeated the aspirations
of Hon. R. C. Kerens, Missouri's National
committeeman, and ex-Congressman Na
than Frank to control the State conven
tion. Last evening these two gentlemen •
left this city together for Canton, Ohio. A
telegram from McKinley yesterday was
the cause of this trip — a telegram asking
Mr. Kerens to come for a conference.
Messrs. Kerens and Frank arrived in Can
ton at 2 o'clock this afternoon. They will
remain until 9 p. m., returning to St. Louis
via Chicago.
The brief telegraphic message gave no
bint of the object of the conference, just at
this stage of the campaign, but it prompt
ed much speculation among those who un
derstand the bitterness of the local strug
gle. Among the arrivals this evening was
W. B. Gaitree of Columbus, Ohio, who will
decorate the McKinley headquarters at
the Southern Hotel and superintend the
distribution of badges, lithographs and
literature. To-morrow there will be dis
tributed in this city 10,000 lithographs of
McKinley, and a badge will be given out,
being a red ribbon bearing McKinley's
picture and the words, "Patriotism, Pro
tection and Progress, Our Nation's
Choice."
The uavel which will be used in calling
the convention to order was made from a
piece of timber in the building in which
Missouri's ordinance of secession was
passed. The gavel is now in the hands of
Lee D. Bell of Neosho, Mo. On May '26
he wrote to Chairman Carter, tendering
him the use of the gavel on opening the
convention. Mr. Carter answered prompt*
ly, accepting the offer. The gavel is the
handiwork of James Moore, an ex-Confed
erate soldier and a Republican.
The matter of accommodating the negro
delegates at the hotels has begun to as
sume troublesome importance. There are
sixty-six of these, including contestants.
The Business Men's League, desiring to
carry out every promise made in securing
the convention, felt called upon last night
to issue a general circular from which the
following is taken:
"We ask that all public places of enter
tainment, hotels, boarding-houses and bar
rooms, at least for convention week,
accord to the reputable colored men who
will come here representing their section
and their people in the Republican party
such treatment as any reputable and re
spectable person would receive. It is not
believed that a great many would want to
accept the privilege, but it will be very
humiliating if one of them, with their col
leagues and friends or alone, should pre
sent himself in any public place and be re
fused admittance or service. It is hoped
that all will endeavor to meet the situa
tion as justice and propriety require."
A number of enterprising local negroes
have rented the old Calumet Club on Lo
cust and Thirteenth streets and fitted it
up to entertain the colored delegates.
KANALS REPUBLICANS
,lhe State Convention Adopts A'o Resol%*~
tion on the Monry tjite/itinrii
TOPEKA, Kanb., June 7.— The Republi
can State Convention to elect delegates to
St. Louis adopted no resolution on the
money question.
To show how the Kansas delegation
stands on the silver question letters from
nineteen of the twenty delegates were
published here to-day. Seventeen of the
delegates declare themselves emphatically
against the free coinage of silver and in
iavor of the preservation of the preaent2
monetary standard, while one la n> faf>
a bimetallic standard, ami ( -\i
himself in favor of the ;:v.:»t<
us,e of silver but "with 1 M ««
good as every other dollar."
The delepates were u'.-
Kinley by unanimous voto
district convention!*.
PARLINO THE SUFFER CHILD
Boies Leads for l're.i%He>*t mhii /Si*** Is
Second ('Jkatfo*.
NEW YORK. N. V., JOM T IV- New
York Times will print to»niomm morning
telegraphic answers from tt* .correspond*
ents in all States wh*ro mlvpi >Mi>-..-i ■.<•■«
have been fleeted to the follow -lug ques
tion :
If the silver Democrats control tho Chicago
Convention what candidates (or th« Demo
cratic nomination for Trillion t and Vice-
President would be favored lv tin- silver Demo
crats and delegates of your State ?
In commenting upon its replies the
Times will say:
"The replies from tho correspondents of
the Times show but little of a spirit of
compromise among the silver m«n of the
West and South. They apparently care
more for Populist support than for the
support of Eastern gold Democrats. The
general sentiment among them is favorable
to some man who has shown by his past
record that he is for free silver. There
fore Campbell, Stevenson, Matthews and
Morrison have very little following, and
sentiment is centering upon the ex
tremists.
"Governor Boies of lowa seems to be the
favorite silver candidate in the States
where opinion has been formed. He ap
parently lea-is all the rest in strength.
Next to Roies, Bland seems to have the
greatest strength.
"Sentiment for a Vice- Presidential can
didate has not been • aroused. Senator
Daniel of Virginia is the first candidate in
the field, but speculation takes in all Pres
idential possibilities."
TO WORK FOR HARRISON
Indianapolis Hill Send a Large Delega-
t inn ta At. Louis.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixu., June 7.— Th«
Columbia Club of this city is preparing to
move on to St. Louis in forwe thie week,
and it is said that o-ver 150 members will
leave for tbe convention city to work for
the nomination of Harrison. It is com
mon talk among the members that there
will be an effort to organize the committee
en contested seats against McKinley, and
that if this is accomplished, Harrison will
be the beneficiary. The letters which they
have received from Republicans in the
East, they say, convinoe them that the
opposition cannot unite upon any other
man, and thai Harrison is not only the
most available Republican in the country,
but that delegate, who oppose McKinley
are looking to Harrison as the man who
is ultimately to be selected and upon
whom ail the opposing forces can unite.
A member of the club -aid to-day that
he had received assurances from New
York that Morton's name would be with
drawn before a ballot was taken, and that
lifcpd would accept second place with Har
rison, while he would not do 90 witu Me-»
Kiniey, owing to the campaign that the
latter's managers have made.
WAITING IN THE GOLD CAMP
White. Metal Democrats Will Control
Minnesota's Convention.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 7.— The "sound"
money Democrats are in a cave of gloom
to-night over the prospect that they will
not have* a majority in the State Conven
tion on Thursday to name eighteen dele -
gates to the Chicago National Convention.
Up to yesterday the gold men seemed to
have a clear majority assured. The thir
teen counties which held conventions on
Saturday, however, changed the face of
things. A count of noses to-day shows that
of tbe delegates chosen 358 are for silver
and 352 are for gold. Of the 122 yet to be
chosen it is claimed sixty-five will be for
silver. This will give the silverites the
lour delegates-at-large. They will also
■ have at least six of the Congressional dele
gates, leaving the "sound" money men
only eight delegates from Minnesota.
"Free Silver!" Their Slogan.
INDIANAPOLIS, md., June 7.—Con
ventions to nominate county officers and
select delegates to the State Convention
were held in eleven counties by the Demo
crats yesterday, and in every instance the
free-silver men were in control and in
structed the delegates to vote for a free
silver platform. . In several places the
goid-standard men made a fight, but were
outnumbered. In Howard County the
contest was made on the selection of chair
man, and the free-siiveriteg won by s vote
of 116 to 22.
Orertcheimingly for Silver.
CHICAGO, 111., June 7. — A special from
Cincinnati says: The. elections of delegates
bhow the Democratic State Convention will
be overwhelmingly for silver.
THERE TO END HER LIFE.
Despondency of a Homnn Who Deserted
Dark Surroundings.
CHICAGO, 111., June 7. — Jennie Evert,
i.'4 years old, who claims to be th* wife of
Frank Evert, an overseer of a negro col
ony at Seatonville, Fla., was found on the
lake front at the foot of Twenty-fifth
btreet yesterday just at she was about to
commit suicide. Bhe told the polic« that
she was married at the age of IS to a man
named Lumbeck, a trapeze performer with
Barnum's circus. After her marriage she
became a bareback-rider with the circus.
Her husband died and their two children
were put to school in New York City.
Mrs. Lumbeck went lo Stockton, Cal.,
where she was married to her present hus
kand. Evert subsequently secured the
bverseership of a negro colony, and with
his wife went lo Featonvilie to live. Mm.
Evert objected to a life among the colored
people, and failing to induce her hu&band
to give up his position she says she ran
away, walking 500 miles of the distance to
Chicago. In trying to locate a friend Mrs.
Evert got lost yesterday and became de-
SD<>ndent, her despondency resulting in
the determination to commit suicide.
THE "TERRIBLE SWEDE."
hngnge* in a Fraca* in Which 2114
Antnoouitit Is Fatally Shot.
ST. LOUIH, Mo., June 7.— Peter Peter
son, a priae-fiehter, known as the "Terri
ble Swede," attacked Andrew Smith, an
iron-moider, in a saloon at the foot of
Barton slreet, this evening. John Hickey,
also a niolder, interfered, and dyrine the
melee a shot was fired that nierced
ilii key's heart. Peterson and Smith were
arrpsted. Both deny the shontin,'.
H.ckey's home is in Terre Haute, Ind. It
in believed Peterson iired the shot.
DEATH OF A SOTED SINGER
A dellna Sophia *l*tte Succumbs to Heart
IHtease.
. NEW YORK, N. V., June 7.— Adelina
Sophia Motte. 55 years old, died at her
home here to-day of heart failure. Mrs.
Motte was, in her day, a famous singer in
the D'Oyley Carte Comic Opera Company,
which came to this country about fifteen
years ago. Her voice was a mezzo-so
prano and sue sang the parts of Little
Buttercup in "Pinafore," and Ruth in the
~ '•Pirates of Penzanee,"
NIGHT OF TERROR
IN FLOODED TOWNS
Cloudbursts in Nebraska
Followed by Heavy
Rains.
LOUP VALLEY A LAKE.
Passenger Trains Tied Up in
Five Feet of Water at
Fullerton.
MUCH LIVE STOCK DROWNED.
The Platle River Is Badly Swollen
and Threatens Farmers in tbe
Bottoms.
COLUMPUS, Nniu, June 7.— Last night
was one of terror to residents of the low
lands in this city. Th« cloudburst in the
Loop Valley the nljrbt previous made of
the usually llvfiltfe Loup River raging
torrent, ami to this volume of water was
added the heavy rain of last ni«ht. All
the low-lying part of town was flooded to
a depth of from 3 to 0 feet. The danger
point was not reached until nearly mid
night, when occupants of ■ houses were
forced to flee to higher round. The situ
ation ia but little improved to-day, but
with no more rain it is thought the water
will soon recede.
Other towns in the Loup Valley are in
even worse condition. At Fullerton, north
west of here, the depot is surrounded by
water nearly to the depth of 5 feet and the
water runs through the building while the
operator works his key. The Union Pa
citic is under water and trains are lai.i up
here. Much of the track has been washed
out further west. The Platte River is be
ginning to rise, and there are fears of
floods in the Platte bottoms further east,
one of the richest farming districts in the
State. Since 7 o'clock last night the Loup
Kiver rose 5 feet. Much livestock was
drowned south and west of here, but there
are but two fatalities to human life thus
far.
The rainfall over the district was un
precedented, extending as far northwest
as Chadron.
THE STORM IN MINNESOTA
Great Devastation an<t Three Lives Are
Known ta Hare Been Lost.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 7.— Reports re
ceived in St. Paul up to 11 o'clock to-night
indicate that the damage done by the
great storm will reach fuily $bOu,OOO. The
loss of human life is not yet known, but
three people are Known to have perished.
These are C. W. Castle ton of Ash Lake, E.
W. Hunter of Adrian and Moses Chad
wick of Noblea County. There were at
least 1000 cattle, sheep, hogs ami hordes
drowned in Southwestern Minnesota. The
greatest casualties were at Luverne and on
the Rock River. Two cloudbursts struck
the latter in three hours and the river
overflowed the country for miies. Many
people were forced to take to trees or the
roofs of their bouses, and a rescuing party
was sent out for them from Luverne. The
current was so swift that the rescuers were
overturned and themselves rescued with
great difficulty. A second party saved
twenty or thirty people who were in grave
peril. Many business houses were flooded
in Luverne. Across the border in South
Dakota at least 10,000 acres of grain was
ruined by flooding. Several houses and
elevators were blown down at the town of
Chapel, 8. Dak.
IN SOUTH DAKOTA.
The Southern Black Hills Country Inun
dated by the JMltiae.
HOT SPRINGB, 8. D., June 7.— The
Southern Black Hills country was visited
with a flood yesterday, the like of w<hich
has never been known. The Eik Horn
track, between Smith and Fairburn,
was so badly damaged that it is thought
it will take a week to repair It. In some
places the track has been swept off the
roadbed and twisted up into fragments.
The telegraph poles and wires are swept
away for half a mile at a stretch in places
and general havoc and ruin have been
wrought along the line of the road. The
Cheyenne River is running over the
top of the bridge at the railroad crossing
and unless a transfer is made via Craw
ford 10 tbe Burlington and Missouri River
it will be several days before traffic is re
sumed. Superintendent Harris and men
are working like Trojans to get things
straightened out, but little can be done
until the waters recede.
CHICAGO VISITED.
liatement* loaded and JUueh Damage
Done by Wind, and 1( oil.
CHICAGO, 111., June 7.— There was a
heavy hail-storm in Chicago this after
noon, and in the southeastern district
much damage was done by wind and rain.
In Hyde Park and Woodlavyn a.ll base
ments were flooded with water and many
windows were broken by the hail. Many
trees were blown down, signs were carried
away and the roof of the Waukesha Flats
at Sixty- fourth and Grace streets was
partially destroyed by the wind. Two
boats were capsized by a squall on the lake,
one at Thirty-ninth street and the other
at South Chicago. Eight people in all
were thrown into the lake, but all were
rescued alive except Gus, Schitour, who
was in the boat turned over at South
Chicago, SchitQur was drowned and bis
body has not been recovered.
AN ISOLATED VILLAGE.
Oil Creek Hursts lt» Banks and Sub-
merges Dan*i«brog.
ST. PAUL, Nkbe., June 7.— As a sequel
to Friday night's cloudburst, the village
of Dannebrog. nii»« miles west oi here, was
Hooded last night. The town isj on low
lvinc ground and is intersected by a
stream called Oak Creek. This began to
rise in the early evening and by 9 o'clock
seven feet of water was flowing through
the streets. Many people were obliged to
jeave their homes, being warned 'in time
to prevent loss of life. Sidewalks, fences
and small outbuildings were set adrift by
the torrent. No mail has reached St. Paul
since Friday.
ARGUED BY BOATS
I'triluiiM Situation of a .Vice of Jieatrice
Dwellers.
BEATRICE, Njcbk., June 7.— A repeti
tion of the disastrous flood of four years
ago wag witnessed here to-day. Indian
Creek rose six feet in less than an hour,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
when a score of dwellers on the bottoms
found themselves surrounded by the flood.
They were rescued by boats. A bad wash
out occurred on the Union Pacific tracks
and trains have been run on the Burling
ton and Missouri River. Two men and
two women, whose names could not be
learned, attempted to cross Bear Creek
and had a narrow escape. Their horses
were drowned, the. carriage swept away,
and the occupants wero only saved by
clinging to trees along the bank. If more
rain falls to-night, as seems probable,
serious results will follow.
FOUR BOYS DROWNED.
Carried t>own a Creek by a Cloudburst
at l.etivcntrorth, Kan*.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., June7.— Mike
and Dennis Desmond and Eugene and
Danny Cummings were drowned here to
day by a cloudburst. Upon the approach
of the storm six small boys, the four
named and two ot ers, Mike Cummings
and George Newsome, rushed to a culvert
for ishelter. In an incredibly short space
of time the creek overflowed and four of
the boys were carried off by the rnsn of
water. The body of Mike Desmond was
recovered. The two other boys escaped.
The alarm was given and the creek
dragged, but nothing could be found of
the three boys.
SHEPT OF A TORNADO
The Village of Lynch Obliterated Frotn
Xebranka's Map.
O'NEILL, Nkbr., June 7.— Word has
reached here that Lynch, Boyd County,
was destroyed by a tornado last night. No
lives were lost. Lynch is a small village
twenty miles north of here, off the rail
road and w iihuut telegraph communica
tion. The condition of wagon roads
makes it impossible to secure particulars.
Stricken by Heart Disease.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 7.— A- J.
Bowne, president of the Consolidated
Street Railway Company and vice-presi
dent of tbe Fourth National Bank,
dropped dead in hi» library at 7 o'clock
this evening. Heart disease was the
cause of death, tie bad just returned
from an afternoon outing at Reed's Lake
and was to all appearance in perfect
health. He leaves an estate valued at
$300,000, a widow and five children. His
age was 55.
AN ARMY OF VOCALISTS.
Opening of the Saengerfest of
The North American
Saengerbund.
President Cleveland Will Press the
Button at the White House
This Evening.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 7.— At 8 o'clock
to-morrow evening, in Exposition Music
Hall in this city, the twenty-eighth
saengerfest of the North American Baen
gerbund will be officially opened by Presi
dent Cleveland pressing a button in the
White House which will illuminate an im
mense lyre at tbe rear of the stage in the
hall. The current will travel through a
ooil of wire 16,000 feet in length attached
to the lyre in the hall, and this ia to be
clipped into small pieces, mounted on
dainty cards with appropriate inscriptions
and presented to visitors.
The exercises will consist of a reception
to the visitors given by the societies of the
two cities, nearly 1000 voices in a male and
mixed- chorus, with soloists and the fest
orchestra. Mme. Katharine Lohse-Klaf
sky, fest prima donna, and her husband
will occupy one of the boxes as guests of
honor. At the close of the concert a
"kommers" will be held in the old City
Hall.
The first of the army of singers who will
take possession of Pittahure this week
reached the city this evening' on a special
train from Indianapolisand Dayton, Ohio.
Nearly luO members of the Indianapolis
Mannerchor and the Dayton Gesaugvereiu
Harmonic were metal Union station dv a
large reception committee, and after befng
served with refreshments were escorted to
the headquarters assigned them.
A telegram was received this afternoon
from St. L juis that 150 singers had started
for Pittsourg. The Cincinnati societies
wiil airive early to-morrow, 300 strong.
By to-morrow evening it is expected
that large delegations from 113 German
singing societies from all over the country
! will be 011 the irround. making a total of
I over 2000 foreign singers, which with the
societies of the two cities will make the
number of vocalists to taie part in the
: fest between 2700 and 3000.
1 One of the events to-day wns the arrival
• on a special train from New Yort of Fest
I Director Heinrich Zoellner and the fest
orchestra of seventy-five pieces composed
of the best musicians from the Damrosch,
1 Seidl and New York Philharmonic
orchestras,
i It was announced to-day that Frau
1 Lohse-Klafsky, the Wagner'lan dramatic
. soprano, who is the principal soloist at the
' I Saengerfa-t, has consented to sing at the
Wednesday afternoon concert. She will
give the prayer and aria from "Der Frei
■ schutz" and "O Abscheulicher," from
, "FideJio."
DOUBLE MURDER AND ARSON
Circumataneei Indicate a Terrible Crime
• on an Indiana Farm. -
CORYDON, ljro.", June 7.— The house of
George Craydens, a farmer living near
Ramsey, Harrison County, Ind., seven
miles from here, was totally destroyed by
fire Friday nleht, and Craydens' wife and
son, 13 years old, were burned to death.
Craydens was absent from home at the
time. Upon returning home at midnight
he discovered the bodies of his wife and
child in the ruins. Everything indicates
that a double murder had been committed
by tramps and the house set on fire to
cover up all traces of tne murder.
SIR HARRISON IN ENGLAND
Cap* Colony' it Governor Reepond* to
Chamberlain' m Summon*.
LONDON, Eng., June 7.— The British
steamer Tartar, from Table Bay, etc., ar
rived at Plymouth to-day. Amone her
passengers were Sir Hercules Robinson,
Governor of Cape Colony and British High
Commissioner in South Africa, who was
recently summoned to London by Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, and Sir Graham John Bower,
Imperial Secretary at Cape Town, who re
turns for further instructions from the
Government anent the South African diffi
culties. There were also ,on board the
Tartar many officials of the Transvaal, in
cluding President Krnger's grandson, Lieu
tenant Eloff, who will appear as witnesses
against Dr. Jameeon and me-other officers
who took part in tbe raid into the Trans
vaal. V . '.
JULES NIMON DYING
Ihe Ex-Prime Mi*i*t»r> of France on
ill's itenthbett.
PARIS, France, June 7.— M. Jules Si
mon, the celebrated statesman, formerly
Prime Minister of France, who ip suffering
from neurosis of the stomach, is in a coma
tose condition. To-night the la9t sacra
ment of the church was administered to
him. __________ ______
The earth whirls through space at tbe
rate of about nineteen miles per second.
NEARING THE END
OF THE SESSION
Congress Is Expected to
Complete Its Labors
This Week.
THE RECORD REVIEWED.
An Immense Amount of Work,
but Little Practical Good
Accomplished.
"UNSAFE" MEASURES SLEEP.
The Bill to Liquidate tbe Pacific Rail
roal Indebtedness Among the
Number,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jane 7.— Unless
all signs fail Congress will adjourn this
week and those in touch with the busi
ness of both houses appear to Agree that
th*t result may be secured by Wednesday.
Still, conditions are such that a hitch
might occur at any moment which would
protract the session for another week.
This, however, while a possible contin
gency, is not expected.
The business of the Senate depends en
tirely upon the headway made with con
ference reports. Several of the approoria
tion bills are to be disposed of, as follows:
Indian bill, on which the House refused
to act favorably on the conference agreed
to in the Senate; the postottice bill, the re
port on which was agreed to in .the House
Saturday and will be accepted by the Sen
ate to-morrow; the naval bill, which will
doubtless be disposed of speedily to-mor
row morning, as the conferees have al
ready formulated a compromise which
they believe will be acceptable to both
houses; the sundry civil bill, upon which
the House and Senate seem to be dead
locked over the appropriations for public
buildings inserted by the Senate, and the
district bill, numerous items of which are
still in dispute. It is confidently expected,
however, that all of these will be out of
the way within the next forty-eight hours.
The new deficiency bill, which passed
tho House Saturday, wiJl be rushed
through the Senate to-morrow with all
possible speed, it being the intention of
the committee to move to lay on the table
any amendments that may be offered, so
that the bill will nass as it comes from the
House. The motion to lay on the table is
the only motion the Senate has, under the
ruled, to cut all debate, and it wiii be ap
pealed to liberally when this measure
comes up.
The immigration bill is the unfinished
btibiness, and Ixjdge will call it up to
morrow for consideration should an open
ing present itself.
Hill, who has charge of the contempt of
court bill, a pitce of legislation growing
out of the Debs case, is also anxious for
consideration, and may lock horns with
Lodge for the right of way.
Gear will seek to fix a day during the
next session when the Pacific Railroad re
funding acts shall be taken up. in tt.ia he
may succeed, as both friends and oppo
nents believe that this subject suouid be
settled one way or the other.
Alt of these <tnd other matters that may
[ come before the iSenate will ter.d to make
the next few days exceedingly busy ones,
I and if Allen, chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, carries out his viciously
expressed intention of not reporting the
adjournment resolution until all the an-.
propriation bills have pone to the Presi
dent, there may be ample time to discuss
several things unon which Senators desire
to speaK. The course of business is, there
fore, uncertain and the forecast is largely
conjectural.
The first sesßion of the Fifly-fourth Con
gress, now in its closing hours, enjoys the
distinction of being the shortest "long"
session for a period of thirty years.
A Senate passively indifferent in some
instances and in others actively hostile,
and an executive not in sympathy with
the Republican party policies, are the
reasons assigned by the House leaders for
the paucity of National legislation. Of
the measures which become laws, the most
important from an international stand
point was the bill creating the commis
sion "to determine the true divisional line
between Venezuela and British Guiana."
Of scarcely less general iuterest were the
bills prohibiting prize-fighting in the Ter
ritories, permitting appointments in the
army and navy of former United States
officers who served in the Rebellion, and
making one year's residence in a Territory
a prerequisite to obtaining a divoroe there.
Exceptinc these, however, the remain
der of ihe 225 bills and resolutions which
received the President's approval were, not
of a character to deserve extended men
tien. The more important were the bills
incorporating the National Society of the
Daughters of the Revolution, opening the
forest reservations in Colorado for the
location of mining claims, regulating proof
of death in pension cases, providing for a
naval training school in San Francisco
harbor, making it unlawful to shoot at any
railway train or any person thereon or to
throw missiles into such train, and repeal
ing clause 61 ot the tariff law, providing
for a rebate on alcohol used in the arts.
If the session, however, be conspicuous
by reason of its brevity and the limited
n umber of important laws enacted it re
sulted in the introduction of a larger num
ber of bills in the House than during any
similar period for a quarter of a century.
The total number of bills introduced dur
ing the entire Jast Congress was 8887, of
which 4405 were introduced tne first session,
which corresponds to the session now
drawing to a close, and in which latter the
aggregate readies 9500. Ot these 2300 were
favorably reported by the committees to
whom they were referred and scores of
them are likely to be brougnt to the atten
iion of the House next winter.
Many members will enjoy a degree of in
dependence after the autumn elections
which they have been denied during the
present year anH their influence w:TI be
exerted to cail up and pass measures that
are now regarded as personally and politi
cally "unsafe."
The Nicaragua canal bill is one of these
measures. After mar.y months of consid
eration in committee it received a favor
able report in the face of an absolute cer
tainty that it would not be taken up
during the present session.
The bill to liquidate the indebtedness ol
the Pacific railways to the Government ia
another far-reaching measure which is
also upon the calendar with a favorable re
port, but which, for prudential reasons,
wijl continue to slumber there.
Others are the service pension bill, re
ported by the Invalid Pensions Commit
tee; the Arizona, New Mexico and OKia
homa Statehood bills; the Pacific cable
bill and the joint resolution conferring the
rank of LieutenanUGeneral upon Major-
General Miles.
The popular interest in the Cuban revo
lution was shown in the largo number of
resolutions, more tban fifty in ail, that
were introduced and referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs. After careful
consideration a concurrent resolution was
reported, for whioh was subsequently sub
stituted in conference the Senate resolu
tion expressing the sympathy oi the
United States with the insurgents, recog
nizing their belligerency, and calling upon
the President to use his good offices to se
cure the independence of the island.
Measures for which there has been a
widespread demand that have passed the
House and will probably receive consider
ation from the Senate next session in
clude the bankruptcy bill, the McCall bill,
providing an educational test for immi
grants; the labor commission and labor
arbitration bills, and the bill simplifying
the rules of the Pension Office so as to fa
cilitate the adjustment of private pension
case*.
The early weeks, of the session was a
busy period for the Ways ana Means Com
mittee. Of the 187 measures referred to it
thirty were acted upon. Two of the
greatest importance were the bond and
revenue bills. The bond bill passed the
House, was sent to the Senata and re
turned with the addition of an amendment
providing for the free coinage cf silver.
The revenue bill died in the senate Com
mittee on Finance. Among other meas
ures of interest reported by the Ways and
Means Committee were the bills permit
ting the killing of all the fur seals in
Alaskan waters, the "filled cheese" bill
and the bill amending the law permitting
a rebate on alcohol used in the arts.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions
broke all previous records for work. Up
ward of 2800 bills were referred to it, of
which 700 private bills were reported to
the House. Among th • measures reported
in addition to those which passed the
House were bills giving members of State
militia a pensionable status, granting pan
eions to remarried war widows, broaden
ing the scope of the law pensioning army
nurses, increasing the pensions of those
who lost limbs in the service and provid
ing for the payment of pensions by check.
The Pensions Comit tee, which deals with
a different class of measures irorn those
which are referred to the Invalid Pensions
Committee, disposed of 240 of the 600 bills
referred to them.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds was notified early in the session
that the public revenues were too inade
quate" to justify the passage of any
measures looking to the erection of Fed
eral buildines and for this reason the com
mittee, notwithstanding their approval of
some of tlie measures providing for public
buildings, pigeonholed them.
The committees on Postoffices and Post
Roads, Railways and Canals, Coinage,
Weights and Measures, Agriculture, Mili
tary, Public Lands, Patents, Judiciary and
Commerce reported the ordinary number
of measures, but with few exceptions they
were not of unusual importance.
The results accomplished by the Senate
during the session just closing are entirely
out of proportion with, the legislation that
was introduced. Up to Saturday there
had been introduced a total of 3261 bills,
more than were introduced during the
whole of the lust Congress. The same
ratio of increase is found in the Hood of
memorials and petitions that have been
lai i before the Senate. Out of this array
of proposed legislation but little has been
done.
The Finance Committee, to which was
referred luj different measures, has sue*
ceeded in getting through the Senate but
three of any importance that have become
liiws — tha filled cheese bill, the amend
ment to the administrative feature ot the
tariff act permitting express companies to
pay the duty ou packages valued at not
mor? than $500 and deliver it to the resi
dence of the importer direct, and the bill
to repeal the free alcohol clause of the
tariff law. The Dingley brll came out of
committee with a free coinage amendment
which prevailed in the Senate, and this
proposition to increase the revenues
through tariff duties has ever since been
hung in the air between the two houses.
The bankruptcy and contempt of court
bills, the two most important measures
emanating from the Committee on Judi- j
ciary, were not even considered by the
Senate. The favorable report from the
Committee ou Privileges and Elections for
an amendment for the election of Sena
tors by popular vote became the text for
many speeches that never got beyond that
indefinite stage.
From the Committee on Military came
two great measures for the reorganisation
of the army and a similar bill for the reor
ganization of the militia, neither of which
have been considered.
The Committee op Territories reported
favorably on the admission of the Terri
tories of New Mexico and Arizona, but be
yond the reporting of the bills no action
has been taken. One important measure
was, however, got througn by this com
mittee — that relating iq divorces in the
Territories — thus removing an evil that
had for years cried aloud for radical legis
lation.
Of the many matters befora the Naval
Committee none was acted upon, the time
of the committee during the greater part
of the session being uenttumed in an inves
tigation of the subject of the cost of armor
plate and the advisability qf the construc
tion of a plant for its manulacture by the
Government.
The benate Committee on Pensions
shows a better record for accomplished re
sults. Senate pension bills aggregating
1020 were referred to this committee. Sim
ilar bills, aggregating 220, came over from
the House. Two hundred and seventy
Senate pension bills were passed by the
Senate, of which the House nassed but
fifty. On the other hand, the Senate
passed 110 of the House pension bills out
of a total of 2_o passed by the House. Out
of ail this proposed legislation but 83 bills
became laws, as follows: Senate bills with
out the approval of the President, 11; Sen
ate bills approved, 27; House bills become
a law without approval, 8; House bills ap
proved, 37. Total, 83.
The House will devote itself for the re
mainder of the session to disposing of
conference reports, contested election
cases and of other business under suspen
sion of the rules. It will meet for an
hour to-morrow morning in continuation
of Saturday's session in order to enable
members to move the passage of bills
under suspension in accordance with the
terms olthe order of Friday last.
There are two election cases on the
calendar, both of which will be vigorously
contested on the tioor— T. W. Aldrich (R.)
vs. Oscar VV. Underwood (D. ) from the
Ninth Alabama District, where the com
mittee recommended tiie seating of
Aidrich, and Jacob Yost (R.) vs. George
Tucker (D.) from the Tenth Virginia Drs
trict, where the committee recommended
that Tucker retain his seat.
Another case— that of U. T. Hopkins
(R.) vs. Joseph M. Kendall (D.) from the
Tenth Kentucky District — ha> not yet been
reported from the committee. These are
all that remain of the thirty-three contests
filed with the clerk of the House.
Speaker Reed is exceedingly anxious
that the docket should be entirely cleared
before the House adjourns, and hopes to
be abte to accomplish it.
It has not been definitely decided what
to do with the Sonate bond bill reported
adversely by the Committ c on Ways and
Means. The leaders of the House think it
should be disposed of and a vote is proba
ble, although there is much oppoaitipn to
action at this session.
FROM PRISON TO PARLIAMENT
Vpa and JJotvna of nn Italian Socialist
ROME, Italy, June 7.— Signor Giu
seppe de Felice-Giuffrida, the well-known
socialist leader, who was recently released
from prison, was to-day elected to the
Ciamber of Deputies from the Fourth
District of Rome. He formerly repre
sented this district, but was unseated be
cause of his imprisonment for his connec
tion with the socialist riots in Sicdy in
1893 and 1894. He was sentenced for
eighteen years, but wad given his liberty
under a decree of amnesty. His opponent
to-day was Prince Odesoalchi.
GOSSIP FROM THE
GERMAN CAPITAL
The Dreibund Is Not in
Accord on the Cretan
Question.
WHAT WILL RUSSIA DO?
Greece Mobilizes Her Warships
in Anticipation of a Turk
ish Massacre.
AUSTBIA'3 BIG SUGAR BOUNTY.
Minister Uhi's Wife Graciously Re
ceived by the Empress — Violent
Wind and Rainstorms.
BERLIN, Germany, June 7.— The eon
eert of the powers relative to the situation
in the island of Crete is of much the
same character as was the now exploded
entente of the powers in r«gard to Ar
menia, and all semblance of unity of pur
pose ia certain to disappear upon the
slightest approach to a collision of in
terests.
The Cologne Gazette, in an exhaustive
article on tha subject, thoroughly lights
up the situation.
Tbe Vieqn* Freie Presse, taking tbe taxt
of Emperor Francis Joseph's recent speech
to th» Austro-Hungariau delegations, ar
gued that the Emperor's declarations gave
proof that the Dreibund powers w«re
agreed upon a common policy toward
Turkey, that tbe interests of Austria were
also the interests of Germany, arid that
the Dreibund was destined to jiuterv«ne in
Turkey almost immediately.
These arguments are boldly and un
equivocally attacked by the Berlin repre
sentative of tbe Cologne Gazette in a com
-111 unrcation wherein the writer pointedly
declares that Germany will take bo direct
part in the events in tbe East and merely
desires that order shall be maintained and
the status quo continued. The policy of
Germany upon this question, the writer
adds, is identical with that of the other
powers, and above all that of Russia. The
Gazette, in its article which accompanies
this communication, gives no hint, how
ever, as to the drift of the Czar's policy to
which Germany ia alleged to be attached.
The Voseiscbe Zeitung, in an article on
the same subject, asserts that Russia is
exerting a practical protectorate over the
Turkish empire and will not under any
circumstances allow any power to inter
fere, nor will she accede to anything tend
ing toward a separation or dismember
mentof the Sultan's dominions. Pursuing
the subject the Vossi«che Zeitung asks:
Will Russia so Influence the negotiations
of the powers as to cause delay which wijl
enable the Turkish troops in the island of
Crete, which have now been increased to
18,000 men, to overpower the Cretans and
repeat the Armenian massacres?
The King of Greece and the Grecian
Ministry seem to rely upon the warship,
which the powers have sent to Canea and
Retimo to intervene in the event of a
massacre of Cretans by the Turks, but at
the same time the Grecian fleet is being
mobilized, and the ironclads Hydra, Spet
zia, Psara and Georgios, the cruiser Ad
miral Miauliu* and fifteen torpedo-boats
are ready to make their appearance in
Cretan waters without the sanction of
Russia, if the unanimous voice of the
Greek people shall compel the Govern
ment to act.
The Cretan delegates, who are now at
Athens, have presented an appeal to the
Greek Government for a union of Crete
with Greece, which was drawn by an as
sembly of Cretan deputies whioh was held
at Vamos on May 21.
Official information has been received
here that the Czar and Czarina will come
to Berlin about the middle of August, and
after completing their visit here proceed
to Vienna,
NEW TO-DAT.
■■•■•■•■• ■•■•■•■• ■•■••■•■•
■ {!% . v A BIG S
I J^K SMASH-UP ■
■ -£?srJl/-\ • 'ln Price of Bicycles. ■
KS cc-^/Ti,' /{ " srSS_B___||fc^~v Regular 12 months' «!u»ratitee on "98 E3
H^^-^/V-il/ / \'— *C r^^^^) models Li.l. Our price, £t\
S k~" t»^ ♦T~~Ti 1596 Lovell Diamond. ...sloo $7ft . BSi
®-s-» -, \ V'V "*» JL "*^7 1896 Novell Superior...,. 85 65
\ -I V , \' 1898 Lovell Expel, ; «Mn, 75 '60 [*«
— _ — =»i \ .1 **\ X /] 1896 I.ovell Excel, 2tf-in. 65 : 4121 ™
-—^ VJ \ — V.'/ 1886 Lovpll Excel, 51-in. 45 38 71 (£%
2?' ''-•''• A \ "^ fs N/~X/ 1885 Lovell diamond,.. , 105 6500 w
A \ A v 3895 Loveil Kxcrl, 26-iu. 56 IS 00 ®
w \| \ 1896 Lovell Excel. 'U in. 45 .5 00 "
■ \ ' 1895 spiers Speelal La-
V «iei , 10S 4500 mU
®V 1895 New California s A
B "He Doesn't Ride « Lovell Ye!/' * Ladies .,.,..,...„. 8t 2500 W
■ Our *50 High-Rraxle Lovell fqlly guaranteed, 1895 T-ncl*nis, 2d-h»nd, 140 60 00 —m
||j and better (ban moat $100 wheeU, would have 18$5 Oendron Juvenile, EH
2? carried -him safely. ( n«w, ...... ....,...,.....,$3, 10, 14 a
® Now glance through this magnificent list of bargains— bargains
A of quality, not bargain* of priQe and see If you can do any- A
™ where near ;i well at other stores— AT ANY OTHER store in -«
g ALL SAN FRANCISCO. ™
S Cocoa nut. Tapioca, ®
■™ Freshest No. 1 grade for Raiting Pearl Flake, or sago, new and OC 881
*3k cakes, etc. There nothing bet- 1 AC <resh, In, any tuantitor. »>••••*• *-* _^
W ter. In bulk ;..-...., 1U ■■ _ • T\Z .. . - fa
m . TW»weeko4ly. Rolled OatS, rSi
@ masons Jars, *» » nd good, in m* »>• ; ■■••• 2l<* S
PClPar Eastern white flint glass, _ ..>............•••• t~:f. ,
|gg 1896 jars, new, with perfect fitting: I nniM /VlOW£rs HS-
-5T tops, 1 doz. in a ewe; 'ibis week CCO lr*<lWl| IUU.WCI^j.- HB
fga only, d0t....... ;,... ........,, OO The F& N hißh-srade, 12-inch, $205;
M Jelly Glasses, Lunch Baskets ■
• Plain or floted witj» tops. This QAO J-ttlllW-ll UCI-3l\.t Rl
week only, d0z....,,.., Ov our imported German willow, 15 _^
■ D 1 4.4. r. ■ Resigns, reduced from 20c, We,] 'O Mm
Bartlett Pears, aoc^dascuto .-. 10 g
■ National City brand, fine gaodi. PIlltTI Blltter. '""
®»**a very much in demand. A This lAC■* ** M 1 «-'« «-••*'««
g^ week ouly, tin... .... 1U Anderson's, fine for picnics, tins.. CC
B Beans, , Pice ' ' ' m
• Bayo or pink. ne^ No. 1. This OCC »X» VVI • ■
week only, 20 lbs for £O Beat table, in any quantity, from AC __■
_ rp llbto lb 1 g±
• lea, Rnrnn' S
f^ Cevlon, pur 70c grade, fragrant, ■-#«*»'«-'»*• g|
W- mild; srteet, blossom tipped.' AEC Clear, boneless, sugar-cured, me- re ■»■
MM This week only, 1b. ................ ttp - djupl, streaked fat and lean, lb... I A
In oar complete June list do'lars ttNtcq in buying power, and price nudges qnality. A
A big fall in every thine an. l a savins of 20 per cent average assured. Comparison* are the mm
»F ksymhat unlock facts, so get the list and sea, Yours (to serve, % w
1 SMITHS' CASH STORE, •
. 414, 416, 418 FRQNT STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ™
g WE HELP PAY THE FRgIQHT EVERYWHERE, g
®isies*ie ■«■• ■•■••■•■•■•■•
The* contention of the Government,
which has often been heard in the Reich
stag in the course of the debate on the
sugar bounty bill, that a large increase of
the premiums upon sugar wai the first
step toward an international agreement to
abolish su^ar bounties altogether, has re
ceived a flat contradiction in the action of
the Austro-Hunitarian Government in
promoting bills in the Austrian Reichs
rath increasing the amount granted for
the payment of sugar bounties from 5,000 -
000 to 9,000,000 florins per annum. Th'«
measure introduced by the Government is
provisional and purports to be enduring
for one year only, but is certain to become
a permanent law, as there is a strong
sugar interest in Austria. By the terms
of these bills the internal sugar tax is in
creased from 11 to 13 florins per 100 kilo
grammes, so that tbt consumers are thus
squeezed all around, paying more for their
own sugar and supporting, manufacturers
in supplying cheaper sugar, the United.
States and England being the principal
importers.
The Emperor held in the Royal Opera
house on Wednesday a full-dress rehearsal
of the court artists who are to appear at
tbe German embassy at Moscow on Mon
day, Juue 8. The Emperor was received
at the entrance of the opera-house by
Count yon Hochberg, the director of the
institution. The Royal Philharmonic or
chestra, under the direction of Dr. Muck,
conducted the concert part of the per
formance, and Stage Manager Grube and
Herr Ludwig Barnay, the great German
actor, directed the dramatic part. The
Emperor expressed bu entire satisfaction
and pronounced the performance excel
lent.
Crown Prince William and his next
younger brother, Prince Eitel Frederick,
who have been home during the Whitsun
tide holidays, returned to Ploen on Tues
day, where they wiil re-ume tneir studies
in the college at that place. The princes
bade farewell to their mother and their
younger brothers and siater at the Wild
park station, impetuously kissing and em
bcing their mother and affectionately tak
ing leave of the younger members of the
imperial family.
The Empress was exceedingly gracious
and friendly toward Mrs. Uhl, wife of the
United States Eroba»sador, upon the occa
sion of that lwdy'a first audience with her
Majesty on May 3a The Kaiserin con
ducted her conversation in English and in
every way made Mrs. Uhl feel at ease.
The Empress wore a pale, rose and pinlt
silk morning demi-train dress, with bon
net to match. Mrs. Uhl wore a dark helio
trope silk demi-train dress, trimmed with
cream lace, a heliotropa chiffon and a bon
net of heliotrope. On Friday Mr. and
Mrs, Uhl gave their fust reception to tue
diplomatic corps at their residence in
Thiergartenstrusse.
The Foreign Office has issued a commu
nication to the press in re ard to the mal
practices indulged in by American tinned
meat importers. Belgium and Holland
are alleged to be tampering with the cans
and sending to Germany under forged
declarations meats whicn have not been
certified to by the American inspector*.
As a consequence of thU practice restric
tions have been ordered which affect all
American exporters of meats.
The Deutsche Fleiscb.tr Zeitung makes a
vicious attack upon tho American lard
product, which, tbe paper asserts, ia re
fined chiefly with cotton-seed oil.
The series of trotting races on the Berlin
West End course has ended in discord,
which was wholly due to the jealousy of
the Berlin horsemen of the American
trainers and their horses. Through the
intrigues of a German trainer named
Treubera tbe American driver, Tappan,
was ruled off the course for a year, it be
ing alleged that he had pulled his horse.
The injustice of tbis action on the cart of
the management was so flagrant that sev
eral Berlin newspapers have taken up Tap
pan's case and violently denounce the
racing authorities for the manner in which
he has been treated.
F^aron yon Heyking, the German Em
bassador to China, and bis wife sailed from
Hamburg for New York on June 4, on
board the steamer Augusta Victoria, en
route for China.
The King of Saxony is seriously ill with
renal calculus.
Violent hurricanes, accompanied by rain,
have prevailed throughout Germany within
the last two days, causing great damage to
property. The telegraph and telephone
wires have been prostrated, andeou'muni
cation by wire, partipularly through the
telephone, is suspended.
The word "bosh" is simply Turkish for
"nothing," and came into England about
the time of the Crimean War.USING GOLD TO
DEFEAT SILVER
Corruption Fund Collected
for Distribution at
Chicago.
AGENTS LEVY TRIBUTE.
Tithe Demands From Democratic
Bankers and Civil Service
Employes.
LAST RESORT OF GOLDITES.
A Seattle Leader Indignantly Rejects
an OL'er to Aid in the
Bribery.
SPOKANE, Wash.. June 7.— Through
papers left in a private box in a restaurant
of tbis city by a prominent administra
tion Democrat it has been discovered that
an attempt will be made to corrupt silver
delegates at Chicago, and that a Demo
cratic Congressional Committee is now
at work raising a fund for this purpose.
Many promineut men of this and other
coast States are interested in the work,
and it is believed they have compelled a
large number of administration and gold
men to pay sums into the fund.
Not long ago the order was issued ex
tending the list of those who would come
under the civil service rule. This, it is
claimed, was a move to perpetuate in
office a large numoerof the followers of
Cleveland, it being secretly understood
tbat they were to contribute to a Demo
cratic Congressional fund liberally.
Previous to tbe recent Democratic Con
vention in this State money was sent in
and its force brought to bear to cause the
rejection of a silver plank in the platform.
It was but partially successful. Among
those elected to go to Chicago was Hugh
Wallace, Democratic National committee
man and an aspirant for re-election to
that position and a very close friend of
the administration. Mr. Wallace had
been at Washington, D. C, for. some time
previous to the convention and came back
to this State with the edict to administra
tion Democrats that they must down the
"iree-silver craze."
Within two weeks after the State Con-
Tention Wallace went East again, and he
is now in consultation with leading gold
men. State after State in the Democratic
ranks declared in no uncertain terms for
free silver, it was not long before the
managers at Washington saw that unless
some great influence was brought to bear
they would be overwhelmingly defeated at
Chicago.
It was idle to make promises, and other
means were resorted to. Gold members of
the party did not wish to put up all the
money, and therefore the Democratic Na
tional Congressional Committee sent some
of its best men through the country to se
cure the services of men in different sec
tions to do the levying and collecting.
The State of Washington was not
neglected. It was about the time of the
Democratic State Convention that one of
these men visited Spokane and a former
banker of this city was chosen as an agent.
Leading gold men were called into con
ference and the plan approved. The
Spokane agent, so it is said, then received
his commission. He is now supposed to
be in Utah carrying on this levying.
In Seattle there is a well-known Demo
crat, Dr. Marion. He has always stood
hiuh with his party, and for that reason
wielded a great deal of power on the
Sound. He is a strong silver man. When
the agent of the Democratic Congressional
Committee was in the State, he visited
Seattle and found thai Dr. Marion was a
desirable man to have in the ranks. He
was accordingly approached, but the
matter of the use of money to be collected
was not considered. He was offered a
good price if he would become one of the
soliciting committee.
The offer was accepted, but about a
month ago he received a letter of instruc
tion from the committee, inclosing drafts
for expenses. Dr. Marion did not accept
tbe drafts, but sent them back, together
with the letter of instruction, for this let
ter had instructed him to secure subscrip
tions from bankers, ana while it did not
in so many words say tbat the money so
secured was to be used to maintain a lobby
at Chicago, the intimation was so strong
that Dr. Marion would not engage in the
work, and so informed them.
OREGON`S CLOSE ELECTION
Official Count Necessary to
Decide Congressional
Contests.
Republican Candidates Leal in Each
District by Very Small
Pluralities.
PORTLAND, Or., June 7-— The result
of last Monday's State election is yet
in doubt. Ali the returns are not in and
it may require an entire recount to deter
mine the Congressional 'result* in the two
districts of this State. In the First Dis
trict all the returns have been made ex
cept from two precincts in Coos County.
For Congress, Tongue (R.) lias 19,328 votes,
Vanderburg (Pop.) 19,284, Myers (D) 7820,
Cbristensen (Middle-of - the-Road-Pop.)
1150. Tbe Republican and Populist can
didates are running so closely that only
tbe official canvass can decide the race.
In the Second D. strict, Northup, inde
pendent sound-money candidate, is so far
behind that he counts for nothing in the
contest. The fight is between Ellis, free
silver Republican, and Quinn, Popuiist. In
this district, with returns incomplete, Ellis
comes in with 15,125 votes and Quinn
follows closely with 14,824. The Populist
itel confident tbat tbe official canvass will
seat their man. Should a different show
ing be made they will demand a recount
of the entire district on the alleged ground
of fraud.
With respect to the Supreme Judceship
it is surprising that no reliable figures can
be obtained, but the election of Bean (R.)
by a handsome plurality is conceded. The
real complexion of the Legislature also
remains in doubt, but from returns so far
received it stands fifty-five Republicans,
five Mitchell Republicans, sixteen Popu
lists, six Democrats, three Union-Bimetal
lists. •
The unofficial Mayoralty vote of the
city stands: Pennoyer (fusion), 6853;
Beebe (Mitchell R.), 4469; Cohen (R,),
87G0. These figures will not materially be
changed by the official count to-morrow.
Cohen's small vote in an overwhelmingly
Republican city is attributed to his "al
leged slaughter by the managers, who are
accused of having traded everything for
the legislative ticket.
SANTA CRUZ MONGOLS IN LINE
Two Chinatowns Combine for a Typical
Exhibition at the Venetian
Carnival.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 7.— The two
Chinatowns of this city have combined for
carnival purposes and are going to have a
float on the river. It will be a boat typi
cal not of tbe Americanized Chinese, but
of the full-blown Celestial who has never
yet seen a Custom-house inspector.
There will be twenty-five Mongols on
the barge, and they will sing their songs
and dance their dances, and give an exhi
bition characteristic of the land of
flowers.
Sixteen musicians, imported from San
Francisco for tbe occasion, will hammer
their tomtoms, beat their drums and do
everything else that they can in that line
to delight themselves and fracture the
tympanums of the listeners. John Chace
of the Sea Beach Hotel is engineering the
scheme, and that is' proof that it wiil be a
success.
Handsomely decorated boats have been
entered for the water pageant by Mrs.
John R. Chace, Mrs. William T. 'Jeter,
Mrs. C. E. Lilly and Mrs. James Lewis.
On Tuesday evening, June 16, John
Cbace will give a reception at the Soa
Beach to Admiral Beardslee and his
officers.
Carl E. Lindsay, ensign of the Naval
Reserve, has received a dispatch from
Congressman Ma^iiire saying that the
Philadelphia and Monadnock had been
ordered to Santa Cruz on the 16th of June.
Santa Cruz Primaries.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 7.-- About
fifty Democrats walked up to the primaries
yesterday in this city and cast their votes
for Senator Bart Burke and ex-City At
torney Charles M. Cassin for delegates to
the Democratic State Convention. Charles
Steinmet was elected from the East Santa
Cruz precinct. George Hartman will be
sent from Boulder Creek. Over at Watson
ville they could not find a Democrat who
would accept the honor, and they are
going to try it again on Tuesday.
RULES AT MARE ISLAND
Rear-Admiral Kirkland Now in
Command of the Naval
Station.
Captain Howison Leaves to Take
Charge of the Ocean Queen
Oregon.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 7.—R*ar-Ad
miral Kirkland has assumed charge of the
navy-yard, and like his predecessor, Cap
tain Howison, there seems to be no "fuss
or feathers" about him. Neither of the
officers is much given to social functions.
They are naval men of the old school, liv
ing up to the regulations and holding up
the dignity of the service. They com
mand and subordinates obey.
Admiral Kirkland loves the climate of
California, admires the people and gives
the yard the credit of having turned out
some excellent mechanical work.
When Admiral Kirkland assumed com
mand of the yard on Monday last bat few
were aware of the change in commandants
until the first of a thirteen-gun salute was
fired and the broad, blue pennant of a rear
admiral's command was flying at tbe
truck of one of the Independence's sticks.
in the office the two officers spoke a few
complimentary words after reading the
orders of the Secretary of the Navy detail
ing the admiral to the command of the
yard. Congratulations were extended to
Captain Howison upon his successful ad
ministration of the affairs of the yard, and
upon his detail to so fine a ship as the Ore
gon. The transfer of commands waspver;
the officers of the yard and ships were
called to be introduced and pay their re
spects to the new commandant. He then
commenced to attach his name to official
documents, and lor the next two years will
sign his name on an average of 200 times a
day to documents coming from the various
departments and passing through his
bands.
Admiral Kirkland is welcomed to the
station, as is his family, which arrived
with him. Captain and Mrs. Howison de
parted for San Francisco the same day on
the steel tug Unadilla, bearing with them
the best wishes of all.
The officers of the survey steamer
Gedney have been encaged during the past
week making soundings about Commission
Rock, nearly opposite the hospital. There
appears to be plenty of water for the Oregon
to come to the yard. •
The Bennington will probably send a
detachment to Vallejo to participate in the
Fourth of July celebration. Admiral
Beardslee says the gunboat will be here at
that time. This implies that the officers
may accept the invitation to attend.
The result of the inquiry concerning pur
ported irregularities of Paymaster Webster
has been sent to Washington for review.
Almost the entire week was taken up with
sessions of the board in taking testimony
of witnesses pro and con.
A ' number of men for the Oregon are
quartered on the Independence. Chief
Engineer Milligan of the Monterey is ex
pected to be chief engineer on the battle
ship, which will probably be in commis
sion by July.
A draft of marines will leave the yard on
Monday for New York. The yard tug will
convey them to San Francisco.
Lieutenant A. G. Rogers has been , de
tached from the survey steamer Patterson
and on July 1 will report to the command
ing officer of the Monadnock for duty.
A number of naval cadets have been de
tached from the flagship Philadelphia and
ordered to the receiving ship Independ
dence, where they will remain until trans
ferred to other ships.
•
FENICIA OLD FELLOWS
Encampment No. 98 Instituted by Grand
Patriarch Reid.
VALLEJO, CaI., June 7.— Benicia En
campment No. 98, I. O. O. P., was insti
tuted at Benicia last evening by George
W. Reid, grand patriarch of the Grand
Encampment of California, assisted by
Charles Rand, acting grand high priest;
H. D. Richardson, grand senior warden,
and Frank Starr, grand junior warden.
The dispensation was granted to five
patriarchs who were instrumental lir se
. urin_' as a starter twenty-five candidates
for the encampment degrees' which were
conferred by officers and members of
Mount Moriah Encampment No. 38. of
Vallejo. The officers of the emcampment
were installed by John 8. Souther, district
deputy grand patriarch of district No. 29,
in which 1 district Benicia Encampment
was placed. The encampment starts with
flattering prospects, and the grand f patri
arch predicted for it a bright future.
«
Snn Jo»e Jtoad Race,.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 7.— The five-mile
handicap road race of the High School
Wheelmen over the East San Jose course
yesterday was won by Roy Walter, with
30 seconds handicap, in 14:48; D. Watson
second. Irving Ryder (scratch) won the
time prize in 14:18. The entries and hand
icaps were: Irving Ryder, scratch; Fay
Susick, scratch; Roy Walter, :30; Delbert
Wells. :30; D. Wateon, 1:00; Lloyd Tan
;ray, 1:15.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
DUNHAM'S TRAIL
HAS VANISHED
Sheriff Lyndon Returns to
San Jose From the
Mountains.
HIS SEARCH IN VAIN.
Man-Hunters Find No Tangible
Clew to Guide Them in
the Pursuit.
MANT FALSE LEADS TRACED.
Members of One Posse Still Confident
That They Were Close Upon
the Fugitive.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 7.— Sheriff Lyn
don returned to this city this evening,
tired, sore and discouraged, but uill de
termined to leave nothing undone to ap
prehend Dunham, the murderer of the
McGlincy family. Sheriff Lyndon left San
Jose last Tuesday morning, which was the
day after the ending of the search at
Smiths Creek, for the mountains east of
Hollister, to endeavor to cut off the fugi
tive in his supposed flight southward.
Although the Sheriff and his party were
unable to strike the trail, they Btayed with
the search until they were fully satisfied
that if Dunham should be in biding, wait
ing for a lessening of the vigilance of the
officers as a time for escape, they had the
people so thoroughly posted that word
would be sent to the Sheriff's office as soon
as the criminal showed himself in the lo
calities they have visited.
"We have gained but little information
of service to us," said Sheriff Lyndon to
day, soon after his arrival on the 5 o'clock
afternoon train from Monterey. "We did
not strike his trail at any place, and from
all we could learn it seems that he could
not have passed through the mountains
there without being seen and identified.
"Sheriff Ballon and I left on Tuesday
morning and went to Hollister, where we
were joined by Sheriff Holbrook. That
afternoon we started into the mountains
and arrived at Quien Sabe ranch, about
sixteen miles from Hollister. We found
nothing there to encourage us, bo we
procured saddle-horses and started in the
direction of the Staten mines. We arrived
there at 9 o'clock Tuesday evening.
"At daylight the next morning we
struck out again. Sheriff Ballou, with two
men named Miller and Triplet, went
around to the left, and Holbrook and I
went to the right through several canyons,
taking a circuitous route. We met near
the Mountain House. Neither party
gained any clew. Ballou and Triplet then
went to Bell's Station and Holbrook and I
have been together since then, traveling
all the time.
"We went to the San Luis ranch and
from there south through the mountains
to the South Fork of the Los Banos. We
then struck into what is called the Cleve
land country. This is sparsely settled by
cattle and sheep men- Then we went to
the San Miguel grant, which includes
about 20,000 acres. From there we trav
eled south tbrouch canyons, along ridges
and in every place where we thought
there was any prospect of striking tracks
or information.
"We got into Little Panoche Valley, and
went south about four miles to Mercers.
We learned that the Madera Sheriff and
other officers had been through there, and
that Etisoii, Blummer and Sweigart had
also worked in that locality, so we turned
and went up Frenchman's Gulch about six
or seven miles.
"This is as rough a country as any one
would care to travel in, and in many
places it seemed almost impossible to get
our horses up or down. We then came
over the ridge and camped at Ed George's
last night. This morning we rode our
horses to Quien Sabe, and from there drove
in a cart to Tres Pinos and Doarded the
train for home.
"We did find at the Mountain House
that a stranger slept in a manger there,
but there was nothing further to assure us
that it was Dunham. Old inhabitants in
all this country visited told us that it
would be almost impossible for a person
without food with him to go through this
country without being seen, for he would
have to get food from some of the cabins.
I think we visited nearly every cabin in
the hills in that direction, or have heard
from them, ana no food has been taken or
given."
"Do you think Dunham has gone that
way?" was asked.
"No, 1 do not; but I know it is possible.
If we could have struck a trace of him and
held it I would nave followed it as long as
it lasted— to Mexico if necessary. But we
didn't find a thing."
"What do you propose to do now?"
"i had not heard a word from the other
posses, until to-day, for three days, co I
shall wait developments to-night and in
the morning take up some other course,
but I do not know just now what it will
be."
Sheriff Lyndon in speaking of the ser
vices rendered by Sheriff Holbrook of Hol
lister said he was a "trump" and a
"stayer." Holbrook knew every trail in
the hills, wa3 acquainted with many of
the people and was strong and enthusias
tic in his work.
Jnan Edson, Harry Plummer and George
Sweigert, who left here last Tuesday on a
search for the murderer in the Panoche
country, also returned this evening.
In the Big Panoche Valley, about six
miles froni Hays station, they found what
they considered to be "good signs." An
old man named Schurmann resided at
this place and he told them that a man
came to his house the day before (Tues
day) about noon and asked for a drink of
water. The stranger was sent to a rain
barrel at the rear of the house and there
procured water. Schurmann was unload
ing hay at tbe time and saw nothing more
of ttie visitor. His description of the man
was almost identical with that of Dunham.
tfdson, Plainer and Sweigart found the
fellow's footprints about the barrel and
took measurements of them. They tallied
with the footprints found near Smiths
Creek. They were almost certain that
they were on Dunham's trail, and they
proceeded at once to Hays Station and
telephoned the news to Under Sheriff
Benson.
They went down Cantua Canyon with a
team, and the next day traversed the can
yon to its head. They could find no fur
ther tracks. As their horses were ex
hausted and as they could not procure
others, they were forced to make their
way homeward. They left the canyon on
Saturday morning.
They believe that Dunham, on leaving
the Schurmann. place, went over the ridge
into Spring Valley and then went soutn
ward. He could get through that way to
Los Angeles, or he could have taken the
Ca.uua Canyon pass.
Erwin Frost returned by train this after
noon from the southern country, and
brought with him no encouraging news.
He left San Jose one week ago last Fri
day with Sara Bane, and from Smiths
Creek they went down into the San Ysabel,
then to San Antonio Valley, down Red
Creek to Ben Robinson's camp, then back
through Grizzly Canyon to the San Ysabel,
and thence to Madrone. At Madrone
Bane left him, and Thomas O'Toole took
up the search. Then went into the Llagas
and Uvas territory, to Black Mountain,
Loma Prieta, Shell ranch and then to
Watsonville.
NOT SEEN NEAR MERCED.
A Pseudo Dunham Causes Excitement at
a Jtinnrn,
MERCED, Cal., June 7.— The report
that Dunham, the murderer of the Mc-
Glincy family, was seen ten miles south
east of Merced on Thursday afternoon was
but partially founded on fact. A stranger
called at the Brandon farm that afternoon
and asked for something to eat. He was
given a meal and left the place, going to
ward the mountains of Mariposa. The
visitor was dusty and footsore, having
come in from the direction of Minturn,
south of the Brandon place. He was in
ordinary dress and carried a chinchilla over
coat of "very fine quality. The men who
saw him jumped at the conclusion that he
was tbe Sau Jose fugitive, and on the next
day reported the matter to Constable
Mack. The story was so improbable that
no official attention was paid to it.
Sheriff Warfield has been in the vicin
ity of the place where Dunham is reported
to have been seen for nearly a week, sub
penting jurors and witnesses, and no
person answering to the description of
Dunham has been seen. The Sheriff had
a photograph and description of the fugi
ti\e and was particular to exhibit them at
all viayside inns and farmhouses he
came to.
NAPA IN HOLIDAY GARB
Gay Colors Donned in Readiness
for the Native Daughters'
Convention.
Varied Entertainment Prepared for
the Guests by Hospitable
Residents.
NAP A, Cal., June 7.— The delegates to
the Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West, which convenes here
on Tuesday and will remain in session un
til Friday evening, will arrive to-morrow
evening. The local parlor has arranged to
meet them at the depot and escort them
to their hotels and give them a band con
cert. The decorating of the business por
tion of the town is progressing rapidly and
will be completed by to-morrow afternoon.
Main street will be a maze of rea and yel
low bunting, the grand parlor colors. The
store fronts and windows, the City Hall,
the Courthouse and square and private
residences are being decorated.
On Tuesday evening a public reception
v. ill be tendered at the opera-house, at
whicn Mayor Fuller and Hon. Frank L.
Coombs will make the addresses of wel
come and prominent local musicians will
contribute to the programme. There will
be a ball at the Napa Insane Asylum, giv
en by the asylum authorities on Wednes
day evening" and on Thursday afternoon
the delegates will be treated, to a
carriage ride about the country adjacent
to town. A grand ball on Friday evening
by Napa Parlor, N. S. G. W., will" conclude
the weeks programme. A .great number
of visitors are expected on Friday evening
from tbe cities and towns of this and ad
joining counties as well as from San Fran
cisco.
SANTA CLARA VALLEY CROPS.
Orchards Will Yield Fair Returns for the
Season — Dried Fruit Not in
Demand.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 7.— Fruit in the
Santa Clara Valley is developing finely,
and it is now estimated that the crop will
be about as heavy as last year. That on
the old trees equals last year's crop, but
the young trees will have a light yield.
There may yet be a slight dropping of
French prunes.
Cherries are being picked and shipped,
and both black and white varieties are
very short. Prices are fair. At an auc
tion sale in Chioago last week $1053 gross
was obtained for 700 ten-pound boxes from
San Jose. The prices realized for ten
pound boxes were as follows: Black Tar
tarian $1 40 to $1 60, Bigarreau $1 60, Black
Eagl: $150. Royal Anne $1 40 to $145,
Governor Wood $1 45.
The crop of Royal, Hemskirk and Blen
heim apricots will be good. As predicted
earlier in the season, Moorparks will be
light. The peach crop promises well, and
on account of the late rains and thinning
the fruit will be large. Bartlett pears and
other varieties will be fair. Winter Nellis
pears will be light.
There is no demand for dried fruit. The
stock on hand in the East is very light,
and will be in the channels of trade before
the new crops come in. Consequently
there will be no old stock on hand, and
the market will be in better shape at the
opening of tbe season than for some time
past.
ELECTION OF TEACHERS
New Instructors jor the University of
the Pacific. >*;•;--
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 7.— meeting of
the local trustees and executive commit
tee of the University of the Pacific was
held yesterday and teachers were elected
as follows: Professor D. A. Loamy n, to
the chair of mathematics and the princi
palship of the academy to fill the vacancy
caused by ' the resignation of ■'. Professor
Rernick. "The place now . occupied by
Professor •M. Leon Driver, . dean <of the
conservatory of music, was declared
vacant, and Professor William Piutti of
Los Angeles was elected dean. There was
no election to fill the vacancy caused by
the resignation of x Professor Campbell as
principal of the commercial department.
Forty applicants for this position have
been considered and the choice now lies
between four of them.
Allegtd Burglar Arrested.
SAN JOBE, Cal., June 7.— Gus Miller
has been arrested and charged with loot
ing the Olympic saloon early yesterday
morning. Home stamps and three boxes
of cigars that weie taken were found in
Miller's possession. He will be arraigned
on the charge to-morrow.
OREGON HUMAN`S CONGRESS.
Xoted Leaders in the Equal Suffrage
Movement Will Gather.
PORTLAND, Or, June 7.— The Oregon
Women's Suffrage Congress, which con
venes in this city to-morrow, is expected
to bring together one of the most notable
gatherings of leading women ever held on
this coast. Susan B. Anthony arrived
here to-day from the Sound and will pre
side over the convention, wnich will be in
session three days. An extensive pro
gramme has been prepared and a number
of well-known leaders in the reform move
ment will deliver addresses. Ada Cornish-
Hertsche of Omaha is among the Eastern
visitors who will take part in the meeting,
and President Abigail Scott Dun way has
invited a number oi well-known suffragist
leaders of California to attend.
Epperton Flat Jiancher hille I.
PORTERVILLE, Cal., June 7.— George
Starns, a farmer and stocferaiser, was
killed last night at Epperson Flat, four
teen miles northeast of this place, by b ing
kicked by a young horse.
RICH PORTLAND
WOMEN DUPED
Contribute Their Gold to a
Glib and Fascinating
Adventuress.
CHARITY GOES ASTRAY.
Large Sums Donated to Aid in
Procuring the Release of
Mrs. Mayhrick.
CONVERTED TO OTHER USES.
Swelldom in Many Western Cities
Robbed by a Clever Female
Impostor.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 7.— About a
fortnight ago Mrs. Alma Sturveysant of
New York came to Portland, bringing a
letter of introduction to a prominent so
ciety lady. This letter represented Mrs.
Sturveysant as one of the accredited col
lectors of the "National Maybrick Fund
Association," with headquarters in New
York City. Mrs. Sturveysant was about
twenty-eight years of ace, decidedly pre
possessing in appearance and "talked like
a book" upon all subjects. Her pet topic,
however, was the philanthropic mission
upon which she was bent. Tbe object of
the association represented by her, she al
leged, was to raise a colossal sum oi money
from American women to secure the re
lease from prison of Mrs. Maybrick, now
serving a life sentence in an English
prison for supposedly having poisoned her
husband.
Mrs. Sturveysant proved so charming and
pleasant that the Jady to whom she
brought the letter, without considering
the absurdity of the proposition, con
tributed $50 to the Maybrick
fund." She introduced Mis. Sturveysant
to a number of other ladies belonging to
her set, all of whom were similarly capti
vated by Mrs. Sturveysant's fascinating
manner and they also contributed to the
fund without seriously reasoning that no
sum of money could accomplish the pur
pose of this aesociation. In three days'
time the "charming collector" succeeded
in gathering in almost $400 from Port
land's swelldom, and on the fourth day
she left for San Francisco, armed with two
letters strongly recommending her mis
sion to a moneyed set there. And now
there is mourning in Portland, for those
who contributed learn that they were
duped.
The letter Mrs. Sturveysant brought was
from Mrs. C. F. Milton, a Salt Lake friend
of the Portland lady. There also the col
lector was quite successful in enlisting
metallic sympathy for innocent, impris
oned Mrs. Maybrick. On Wednesday last
the Portland heroine of this episode was
startled by the receipt of another letter
from Mrs. Milton, in which Mrs. Sturvey
sant was denounced as an unmitigated
ini poster. Mrs. Milton declared that this
fascinating female philanthropist came to
her with a letter from an Omaha friend.
The latter's suspicion became aroused
some time aiter Mrs. Sturveysant left
Omaha, and upon communicating with
prominent New York friends she was ap
prised that the "Maybrick Association"
was a myth.
Judging from the tenor of Mrs. Milton's
letter Mrs. Sturveysant was quietly ex
posed as a fraud more than six weeks ago,
but the people among whom she has been
working are so exclusive and can so easily
afford to lose the money out of wnich they
were duped that they are indisposed to
publish their gullibility to the world.
This accomplished and intrepid impos
tor has for some time been working west
ward irom New York City. Mrs. Milton
has begun tracing the impostor's letters of
introduction to their fountain head, and
in such a way, if possible, hopes to estab
lish the woman's identity. Mrs. Sturvey
sant's principal Portland dupe lost no
time in warning her San Francisco friends
by wire immediately after the receipt of
Mrs. Milton's letter, and if the impostor
has not left that City she may be appre
hended there by the police.
SONOMA COUNTY'S LOSS
Cannot Recover Money Stolen
by Bandits From Former
Treasurers.
Two Suits Affected ty a Supreme Court
Ruling in the Mulligan
Case.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 7.— The ac
tion of the Supreme Court in reversing
the decision of Judge Dougherty in the
case of the city of Healdsburg vs. George
V. Mulligan and his bondsmen is of great
interest to this county and has a direct
bearing upon another Sonoma County case
of greater importance. Twice within the
past few years public funds have been
stolen in this county and no clew to the
thieves or their booty has ever been dis
covered.
In the fall of 1893 the city treasury of
Healdsburg was roobed of over $3000.
George V. Mulligan, the Treasurer, was
found tied to a tree in the suburbs of the
city, nearly dead from a night's exposure.
He claimed to have been inveigled from
his home by two men, who, after forcing
him to deliver the contents of the city's
strong box, tied him securely to the tree.
The unfortunate man never fully recov
ered from the shock, which, together witn
the unjust suspicions of some of his towns
people, seemed to take away all desire for
longer life from the sensitive Treasurer,
and after lingering a few months he died
a broken-hearted roan.
The case of Captain P. N. Stofen, ex
treasurer of Sonoma County, was some
what similar. He was found locked in the
vault of the Treasurer's office, and a tray
containing $8000 in gold cain was missing.
He claimed to have been robbed by a
masked man, who bad been concealed' in
the office over-night for tbat purpose.
In- each case the bondsmen of the Treas
urer were sued, and it is believed by lead
ing attorneys hero that ths decision of the
Supreme Court will effectually prevent any
recovery of the missing amounts.
The cases will probably be pushed, how
ever, which will compel the defendants to
prove a robbery, the decision being that
the burden of proof is on them.
PIONEERS AT PORTLAND.
first Settlers of Oregon Preparing for a
Celebration.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 7.— Extensive
preparations are being made for tbe twen
ty-fourth annual reunion of the Oregon
Pioneer Association, which takes place in
this city on Tuesday, June 16. There is
promise of a larger attendance than ever
before, especially of those who have been
residents of the State for fifty years, or
more. All these will be given places of
honor. This being the semi-centennial or
jubilee anniversary of the deliverance of
Oregon from the dominion of Great Britain
the exercises will be of a patriotic, charac
ter, and the celebration is expected to
draw a large number of visitors from
Washington, Idr.ho, Montana and British
Columbia.
ANGELENOS BUNKOED.
Business Men Pay for a Course in Elec
trical Engineering Which They
Fail to Receive.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 7.— Some
time ago a nicely d rested, gJib-tongued
young man came to this city. He gave as
his name T. P. Hornsby, and claimed to
be representing the National Electric
School of Chicago. Soon afterward he be
gan organizing a cJass in electrical engi
neering. He met with great success and
soon had a class of sixty, nearly all the
pupils being business men who, before
joining, inquired particularly if the course
would be a practical one. Hornsby as
sured them that it wouid be, and said that
the lessons would be illustrated by ap
paratus which he would furnish. The
course was to cost each member of the
class $20. and nearly all deposited notes in
the bank, wbich have since been paid,
amounting to about $1200 in all.
Chief Engineer Nissley of the Los An
geles Railway Company was engaged as
teacaer of the class. Among the members
was E. M. Wade of the firm of Wade &
Wade, analytical chemists and assayers.
Yesterday Wade said:
"Hornsby, who organized the class, is
gone and all his promises have been bro
ken. The oniy apparatus we have re
ceived is a little box of gewgaws. Nissley
has been lecturing to the class, which has !
been meeting in the Currier block, and he
has not been paid for his work. We have j
had a good deal of spicy correspondence j
with the National Electrical School in j
Chicago, but are unable to get it to .send i
us apparatus or to carry out the promises ■
of the agent. We understand that he is |
working the bames^heme in other places." j
LOS ANGELES' GREETING.
Senator White to Be Tendered a Mag-
nificent Reception.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 7.— A pre
liminary meeting was held in the Chamber i
of Commerce building yesterday, under ;
the auspices of the Free Harbor League, 1
to devise ways and means for a magnifi- \
cent reception to United States Senator j
Stephen M. White, wno will return from
Washington in time for next Saturday's;
county convention of his party. The ■
meeting was strictly non-partisan, there i
being abont the same number of Republi
cans as Democrats present.
Ex-Mayor W. H. Workman was called
upon to preside. On taking the chair he
paid a glowing tribute to Senator White
for his courage, his unflagging industry on
behalf ot the people and, above all, his
sterling honesty. These sentiments were
applauded to the echo. A general com
mittee of twenty was appointed to carry
forward the wok.
Pending a motion to invite Senator
George C. Perkins to attend the reception,
President Patterson of the Chamber of
Commerce, who has just returned from tbe
National capital, paid a flattering compli
ment to the junior Senator, saying that
he, with singular fidelity, had aided every
effort of White's in behalf of tbe people.
The motion prevailed unanimously.
The sensation of the meeting was caused
by the motion of W. M. Garland to invite
Representative McLachlan of this district.
The motion came at an awkward time, and
during the pendency of a prior motion,
and for that reason was promptly called
down. Afterward, and at another very
inopportune time, Mr. Garland renewed
his motion, but the point was made that
a motion to adjourn had intervened.
"FLOATERS" ARE CONDEMNED.
Judicial Rebuke to Police Court Officials
Who Release Offenders.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 7.— After
disposing of a case against one, Payne,
who had been granted what is known as a
"floater," wherein it was understood that
if a petty criminal would leave for greener
fields the penalty for his crimes should not
be enforced, Judge York of the Superior
Court said yesterday :
"This is manifestly unjust to other com
munities, not alone of other States, but of
this State. If one of these men is thus
driven out of Los Angeles tbe chances are
that be will remove to Pasadena, Santa
Monica or San Francisco, and in like man
ner subject himself to arrest there and be
come a burden to the people of such place.
It is the duty of every community to take
care of its own criminals, so far as ex
tends to their serving their sentences or
inflicting upon them punishments for
their crimes, l cannot too strongly con
demn the conduct of officials who induce
accused persons to plead guilty upon
promise that they will be eiven 'floaters' ;
then if they are subsequently caught
thrust them into jail to serve out their
sentences thus imposed. Such action
seems to me the essence of injustice. Laws
of banishment have never found passage
in the legislation of the United St ates and
I cannot see why police courts s hould as
sume to institute them and put them into
practice, and tbat is just what this
'floater' business does."
ASTORIA'S CHAPTER OF CRIME.
The Body of Sam Mielandt Found in the
Columbia— Evidence of Four
Killings.
ABTORIA, Ob., June 7.— The third
chapter in the story of the murder of
Esther Loire and her three companions
was developed to-day by the finding of
the body of Sam Mielandt, the woman's
lover, in the Columbia River, opposite
this city. The body was so badly decom
posed as to be scarcely recognizable, but it
is unques tionably that of Mielandt. A
number of contused wounds on the head
and several cuts on the face told too plainly
that Mielandt had met the same fate as
tjje Loire woman and "Jack" Lambert.
Lambert had been involved in some
trouble with the fisherman near Clifton
over the loss of his boat and net. In com
pany with Esther Loire, Adolph Gon
younge and Sam Mielandt he left a scow,
in which the lour had been carousing on
the night of May 28, and started down the
river. The latter three were in a fishing
boat, which was subsequently found a few
miles up the river bespattered with blood
and with holes in the bottom. Lambert
had started in the direction of his home in
a skiff.
The finding of the mutilated body of the
woman on the beach, at the eastern ex
tremity of this city, a few days later, led
to the belief tbat she had been murdered
by her lover, but that theory has since
been exploded. The position of the
woman's body was such as to show con
clusively that she bad been murdered at
or near where the remains lay when dis
covered. A number of large rocks had
been placed on the clothing, evidently to
prevent the body being carried by the
tide.
Lambert's body was picked up twenty
miles farther up the river, and now that
Mielandt's death has been established the
recovery of the body of Gonyounge, Ihe
fourth member of the party, is expected
daily.
Not the slightest clew to the identity of
the murderers has been obtained by the
authorities. Most of the fishermen in the
vicinity of Clifton are Greeks and Italians,
and all of them when questioned by the
officers professed ignorance of any knowl
edge of the manner in which the victims
met their death.
SANTA BARBARA'S
SOLEMN FESTIVAL
Feast of Corpus Christi
Celebrated at the Old
Mission.
MONKS IN PROCESSION.
Impressive Ceremonies Beneath
the Dome of the Historic
Church.
PRIESTS CONDUCT A MASS.
A Throng of the Devout and the
Curious Visits the Little
Cemetery.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 7.— The
festival of Corpus Christi was celebrated
with great solemnity at the Old Mission
Church to-day, after the ancient custom.
Father Superior Servatius, Father Reyna
rius and Father Matthias conducted the
mass, assisted by two subdeacons. A
large congregation gathered in the historic
church, and while th-# Spanish-American
element was in the ascendant many Amer
icans of culture joined the band of wor
shipers.
All day long on Saturday the brown
gowned Franciscan monks had toiled in
the warm sunshine cutting down slim
young sycamore saplings and dragging
them along the dusty road to form an arch
over the entrance to ths stately pile and
convert the interior to a bower of green.
The burning incense filled the nave with a
faint blue haze during the ceremonies,
through which the old paintings on the
walls and the golden candlesticks and
gilded statuary about the altar were dimly
seen.
At 11 o'clock the procession formed,
headed by a young monk carrying a
golden cross and preceded by little girls
clad in white and strewing flowers. Little
boys followed two by two in orderly pro
cession. Then came the priests who bad
conducted the mass, clad in richly em
broidered robes of white satin and up
holding the sacred host, an embroidered
canopy of dark green silk sustained by
four poles being held above them by their
attendants.
Following the priests came the proces
sion of the devout, the curious and the
reverent. In it walked an old, sorrow
stricken woman whose son had lately
committed a horrible crime and who lives
in daily dread of seeing him dragged to
the scaffold. A pair of gay young society
giris of Santa Barbara wore sailor hats
with "U. S. • Philadelphia" on their Lut
bands. In the throng were many Catholic
husbands with Protestant wives and
Protestant husbands with Catholic wives,
hoth for the time humbly reverential to
the ceremonial whose deep significance
impressed even the gay and shallow. Old,
old women were there, called from their
firesides by the holy celebration and re
calling memories of their childhood as
they told their rosaries in whispers. One
ardent young photographer was there,
but he did not have the courage to
pull out the little camera he had intended
to use.
Slowly the long procession swept around
the graveled walks of the old cemetery,
past tombs mossy with age, past the great
vault surmounted by a cross, where the
murdered superior Father Fernando was
so lately laid, past the tall crucifix where
a life-size image of the Nazarene, a beau
tiful carving, meekly bow 3 its thorn
crowned head; past the low grave where
Ramona's mother is supposed to lie; past
the roses and blooming annuals, so care
fully tended by the devoted hands of old
Father Reynarius, and back beneath the
gray portal of the church where a burst of
music, chanted sentences and a prayer
hailed its return and proclaimed the close
of the ceremonies.
At the parochial church of Our Lady of
Sorrow an even more imposing mass and
ceremonial celebrated the day. Many
townspeople were in attendance, but the
poetry and time-honored reminiscences of
the day clustered around the ancient mis
sion.
Mourning at Menlo Park.
MENLO PARK, Cal., June 7.— James
i Alcorn, a pioneer resident of this cora-
I munity, died early this morning from the
j effects of iu juries received over a year ago.
I He was a well-to-do farmer and held sev
! eral political positions during his long res
! idence in this county.
NEW TO-DAT.'
"Much ado about nothing.''
Don't know whether our esteemed
friends, the cheap clothiers and the saw-
mill tailors, ever heard of Shakespeare —
but they're putting up Shakespearean
comedy.
With much tooting and tom-tomming
they announce fat bargains in the papers
— which grow awfully thin or take to their
heeis when you get there.
Don't you prefer "reliable goods at fair
prices and your money back if you want
it"?
We are still selling Men's Suits and
Overcoats at $ 0 that were never before
offered at the price.
And we lit tbe 2 to 500 pounder without
extra charge.
How's that ?
Send -for Catalogue and Samples.
34
BRILLIANT WOMEN
OF LOS ANGELES
How the Famous Friday
Morning Club Was
Organized.
ITS AIMS AND METHODS.
Development of Literary, Social
and Educational Inter
ests Is Sought.
A FEW OF THE BUSY MEMBERS.
Their Charity Manifests Itself Among
the Needy, the Orphans and
the Kindergartens.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., June s.— The Fri
day Morning Club is the largest and most
influential woman's club in the Anpel City.
It is the lineal descendant of the Los An
geles Woman's Club founded in 1887.
The moving spirit- in tbe formation of
both clubs was Mrs. Caroline M. Severence,
Margaret Collier Graham, President of the Friday Morning Club.
who, with her late husband, Dr. Sever
ence, came to Los Angeles from Boston,
Mass., in 1875. Mis. Severence had been a
coworker with Lucy Stone, Frances Dana
Gage and others in the woman suffrage
movement. She was also one of the found
ers and first president of the noted New
England Woman's Club, the pioneer or
ganization of women in the city of Boston.
With her knowledge of clul* methods, their
possibilities for tbe advancement of women
for which she had always been an earneat
worker, it followed naturally that sbe
should endeavor in her new home to unify
her sex in a common interest. She filled
the office of president and was the inspira
tion of the Woman's Club while it con
tinued in existence
Through the efforts of Mrs. Severence a
Mrs. Caroline M. Severance. President Emeritus and Founder of the Friday
Morning I lub.
small number of women met in the read
ing-room of the Hollenbeck Hotel April
16, 1891, and orsanized the Friday Morn-
ing Club, adopting for their motto, "In
essentials, unity; in non-essentials, lib
erty; in all things, charity."
All women of Los Angeles and vicinity
were eligible to membership, and tbe pur
pose of the organization was declared to
be "the advancement and promotion of
literary, social and educational interests."
Mrs. Severance was elected president and
was continued in office three years. At
tbe annual election, June, 1884, she was
made president emesitus.
In March. 1892, tho club joined the Gen
eral Federation of Woman's Clubs, and in
August of the same year became an incor
porated body. From its organization it
has made a steady and rapid growth until
it now numbers 350 members, probably the
largest literary club in the State. This
does not adequately gauge the attendance,
since visitors in Los Aneeles may be ad
mitted to its privileges for three months
on payment of $1 per month. During the
tourists' season there is a large temporary
membership, every section of country and
almost every Btate being represented.
The admission fee for resident members
is $5, with $4 annual dues, payable quar
terly or annually in advance. Applica
tions for membership must contain the
signatures of at least two members and be
passed upon by the board of managers.
Upon payment of dues each lady is en
titled to one complimentary admission
card an<l the privilege of purchasing two,
at 25 cents, for each quarter. Out-of-town
guests are admitted on the presentation of
the visiting card of the member extending
such courtesy. Gentlemen are frequent
guests, aud are always welcome.
During the first two years the club was
divided into committees— art, literature,
home and education, science, reform and
philanthropy and current literature. Since
then the machinery has been simplified.
The board of managers now arranges the
programmes and transacts all business.
While the papers «re furnished largely
by the members, they are not restricted to
the club. Lectures, essays and addresses
on a variety of subjects are given by men
and women prominent in their special
lines. It is the aim of the management to
provide a varied programme, which the
following list of subjects, selected at
random, will show: "The Gentile's Mis
understanding of the Jew," by Rabbi
Edelman; "Property Rights of Married
Women in California," by Charles C.
Davis; "Hypnotism," by Judge Cheney;
"The Monroe Doctrine," by Judge Knight ;
"Some Aspects of Indian Education," by
Charles F. Lummis; "Heredity vs. Train
ing," by Dr. Norman Bridges and Profes
sor Search; "Browning's Soul," by Rev.
MilaTupper Maynard; "The Technique
of the Short Story," by Charles D. Willard.
Then there are mornings devoted ex
clusively to art, to music and to the latest
and best things in literature.
Though no one is expected to make the
club meetings a parade-ground for airing
hobbies, yet the broadest tolerance is ac
corded each one's views.
It has been the policy of the manage
ment to adhere strictly to the subject out
lined in its by-laws, the discussion of topics
of general interest rather than to espouse
any cause or to identify itself with any
special movements. The reason for its
negative course is obvious when it is con
sidered that every church and shade of
religious belief, every organization of
women, radicals and conservatives, on
every question, is represented. These
find here a common ground upon which
all can meet and receive a respectful hear
ing; but it is plain that none can ask spe
cial support when each has an equal claim,
and herein lies one of its chief elements of
strength. It is an organization of bu?y
women, most of whom are working earn
estly in lines of reform philanthropy, who
find rest and relaxation from more earnest
and pressing duties in the intellectual
uplift of tbe papers presented and the gen
eral discussion that follows the reading.
Among those prominent in other soci
eties may be mentioned Mrs. Elmira jl.
Stephens," one of the founders and for
seventeen years president of the board of
managers of the Orphans' Home. Mrs.
Stephens' iife has been largely devoted to
the broader motherhood that takes in,
feeds, clothes and shelters the poor little
waifs and strays deprived of one or both
parents. Many scores.of children provided
with good homes will one day rise up and
call her blessed. She is a woman of un
usual executive ability, one of tbe finest
parliamentarians in Southern California.
Si c was president for three years of the
Woman's Parliament.
. Mrs. E. L. Threkeld Is the efficient pres
ident and one of the most earnest work
era of the News and Working Boys'
Home of this City. It was largely throngh
her efforts and persevering energy that the
sum of $4000 was raised recently to pro
vide a permanent home at a nominal
price for the homeless boy who must work
for his daily bread.
Mrs. Lucy Blanchard is another earnest
woman who devotes her life to children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
She has been for years the leader of the
Loyal Temperance Legion — that branch of
the Woman's Temperance Union tuat
aims to instill temperance principles into
the child to fortify it against temptation
to strong drink in later life; to so form it
by beginning early that reform will never
be necessary.
Mrs. Kate Tuppar Galpin finds time in
her busy life of teaching, in which she
stands at the head of her profession, to
preside over the quarterly session of the
Woman's Parliament of Southern Califor
nia. She is one of the brainy women of
the State, and one of its finest presiding
officers.
Dr. Louise Harvey of this club is deeply
interested ,in the Social Settlement worn in
Sonoratown, and gives her spare time out
side of the duties of her profession to this
branch of philanthropy.
•In connection with the Settlement there
is a fine kindergarten, which bears tbe
name of the president emeritus — the
Caroline M. Severence Free Kindergarten.
In this many members of the club are
actively interested.
Mrs. Charlotte L. Willis, one of the char
ter members, is an earnest advocate of in
dustrial training. She ba3 given many
thousands of dollars, devoted much time
and effort in establishing cooking and
sewing classes in connection with the
public schools of the city.
Mrs. T. D. Stimson has also given largely
of her means and time to manual training.
A large building is now being erected for
the Stimson- La Fayette Industrial School.
This list could be extended beyond the
limit of space, including tbe names of
many who are interested in various
branches of cnarity and benevolence,
exclusive of church work, in which many
members sre conspicuous.
One of the most enjoyable features of
the club is the frequent presence of
notable people. During tho past year
about one thousand cards of invitation
have been issued.
Among the guests have been |Mlss Beat
rice Harraden, author of "Ships That Pass
in the Night"; Miss Gertrude Smith,
author of "The Rousing of Miss Potter"
and other well-known stories; Rev. Clif
ford Barnes, a prominent worker with
Miss Jane Addams in Hull House, Chicago ;
Miss Susan B. Anthony and Robert
Burdette.
The club includes in its membership
names of woman wbo are rising into
prominence in the literature of the day.
Mrs. Margaret Collier Graham, the
newly electee* president, is the author of
several stories published in the Atlantic
Monthly, The Century and other leading
magazines. These have recently been
collected ,in book form under the title
"Stories Prom the Foothills," and 1 aye
received favorable criticism from some of
the best known writers.
Mrs. E. R. Foster, who for several years
was the secretary, is the author of one of
the most exquisite baliads ever set to
music, "If I But Knew." She has also
been a contributor to some of the best cur
rent publications.
Mrs. M. Burton Williamson is an au
thority on conchology and has written
a pamphlet for the Smithsonian Insti
tution on "Pacific Coast Shells."
Mrs. Ella H. Enderlein of this club has
been for several years on the staff of the
Evening Express, a leading feature of
which are her special articles written for
the Saturday editions.
Mrs. J. F. Waterman and many others
are occasional contributors to current lit
erature.
Mrs. J. A. Osgood is the wife of Captain
Osgood, prominent in G. A. R. circles.
She has just retired from the office of presi
dent, which she held for two years, and it
is to her rare tact, unfailing courtesy to all
and cordial and gracious manners that the
rapid growth of the club is largely due.
Mrs. Mary E. Spald ing may be said to
be a typical new woman if the new
woman exists. She is a "Vassar girl,"
and, though she is tile mother of seven
bright children, she finds leisure to attend
clubs and keep in touch with all pro
gressive movements in which women are
interested. Her husband, William A.
Spaidine, who was for a number of years
on the editorial staff of the Los Angeles
Times, is a well-known writer and a prom
inent business man of the State.
Mrs. C. B. Whiting disclaims the title of
"old settler," but confesses to being one
of the early settle; s of California. Her
late husband was one of the Argonauts,
and her papers on "The Days of Old"
have been read with keen interest by the
club.
Mrs. Harriet Wadleigh was a charter
member and has been one of the most
earnest workers for the club's permanent
success. Mrs. Wadleigh was for some time
one of the teachers in the girls'depart
ment of the Whittier Reform School, and
the unfortunate Whittier girls have no
better friend than she to plead their cause
and lend them a helping hand.
Among the prominent members are the
following: Mrs. S. 8. Salisbury, first vice
president-elect; Mrs. Frank Wiggins,
second vice-president: Mrs. John A. Walls,
secretary; Mrs. W. L. Graves, treasurer;
Mrs. Sarah L. Longstreth, Mrs. J. A. Os
good, Louise M. Harvey, M.D., Mrs,
Franklin H. Agnew, Mrs. S. O. Houghton,
Mrs. R. W. Pridham, Mrs. J. F. Sartori,
Mrs. Kate F. Thrope, Mrs. J. F. Water
man, Mrs. C. D. Willard and Mrs. G. H.
Wadleigh.
The following compose the new board of
directors: Miss Jennie E. Collier, Mes
dames G. Streckewald, Ella P. Hubbard,
Frank A. Gibson, George H. Wadleigh, C.
D. Willard, Sarah F. Judson, R. C.
Whiting.
BEEDDET FARS THE WAY
May Prevent the Extension of the San
Jnaquin Valley Railway.
FRESNO, Cal., June 7.— The committee
of Valley road directors and citizens of
Fresno returned at 10 o'clock last night
from its visit to Reedley. The result of
the visit was discouraging. There was no
disposition on the part of the Reedleyites
to give ri hts of way. To sum up the situ
ation, unless there is speedily some better
guarantee of free rights of way from
Fresno to Bakersfield than has yet been
offered, the road will stop at Fresno and
the material now on band will be used to
build the line from Stockton to San Fran
cisco.
Ontario's Fruit Shipment*.
ONTARIO, Cal., June 7.— The orange
shipping season closed here this week.
The total output has fallen below esti
mates made early in the beason by about
15 per cent. The returns have been very
satisfactory, however, and the growers are
not complaining. There were shipped for
the seas n 117,184 boxes of oranges and
17,757 boxes of lemons. The lemon season
has just opened and a brisk demand is
anticipated. Ontario shins annually more
lemons than any other point in the United
States. The output was 35,029 boxes last
year and these figures will be materially
increased this season. Dried-fruit ship
ments will reach nearly 2,000,000 pounds
and tbe green-frnit shipments will be
about a fifth of that amount.
Many people acquire wealth by taking
advantage of other people's misfortune.
The Columbus Buggy Company is over
stocked for a backward spring and Presi
dential year, and is selling without profit
rather than to carry goods over, which we
never do. 213-215 Market street, 8. F. *
SANTA ROSA'S NEW
PLACE OF WORKSHIP
The Christian Church Dedi
cated With Impressive
Exercises.
A HANDSOME STRUCTURE
Of Modern Architectural Design
and Capable of Seating
iooo Persons.
ITS SCHOOIEOOM AND LIBRARY
An Organization Dating From 1854
Untiring Efforts of the Pastor,
Rev. E. B. Ware.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 7.— Tbe new
place of worship of the Christian church
was completed last week and the dedica
tion exercises were held to-day.
The cornerstone of the new church was
laid Sunday, November 24, of last year
The Christian Church, Which Has Just Been Dedicated at Santa Rosa.
[From a photograph by Shaw.]
with an impressive ceremony and in the
presence of a large crowd of well-wishers.
L?ss than seven months' time has elapsed
ana the new church stands ready for use
and is one of the handsomest and most
substantial structures in Santa Rosa. It
is built in the modern style of church
architecture and will comfortably accom
modate 1000 people.
On the ground floor is a schoolroom,
library, kitchen and the Endeavor and
prayer-meeting rooms. The auditorium,
baptistry, robing-rooras, ladies' parlor,
pastor's study and choir loft are on the
second floor. A broad flight of stairs
through the towers leads to the gallery,
which is of horseshoe form and one of the
prettiest features of the interior.
The location of the pulpit is somewhat
Rev. E. B. Ware.
novel, being in the northeast corner of
tbe auditorium, and the baptistry is in
full sight of the audience, back of the
pulpit. The windows of the cathedral are
all memorials, with uniform borders of
amber and gold, and the separate theme
and name of each does not destroy the
color harmony of the whole.
The furnishings are in keeping with the
handsome building, and the interior
presents a beautiful picture of subdued
color and exquisite harmony.
The lotal cost of the new house of wor
ship will be about $15,000.
The Santa Rosa Christian Church was
organized in 1854, in "Old Franklyh
Town," about one mile east of this city.
The congregation worshiped in a little
union church built by pioneer citizens,
free for all denominations. The first
church built by the congregation of
Christians occupied the present site of the
Occidental Hotel.
It was a plain, old-fashioned building of
wood, bu: comfortable and commodious.
This was moved to its present site on
fifth street in 1872, and has been in con
stant use ever since. In this unpreten
tious and unornamented church twenty
five different pastors have presided and
more than 10u0 souls have professed the
faith and been baptized.
The congregation has steadily increased
in numbers during past years, and under
tbe pastorate of tbe Rev. E. B. Ware, 125
members have been added. The need of a
new place of worship has long been felt
and often agitated by previous pastors,
but it remained for Mr. Ware to start the
movement in a businesslike way and carry
it to a successful conclusion.
The dedicatory exercises held this morn
ing were grand and impressive and were
listened to by an immense gathering.
There was an invocation by the Rev. J. A.
Brown, scripture reading by Rev. Law
rence McCrae, prayer by Rev. R. L. Mc-
Hatton, communion by J. H. McCuliough
and fine dedicatory address from Rev. S.
11. Martin.
The programme was mingled with
hymns and anthems by a select choir and
a beautiful solo by Mrs. D. R. Gale.
Tho afternoon services consisted of
scriptural readings by Rev. T. A. Atkin
son, prayer by Rev. "E. H. Hayden, five
minute speeches from Rev. L. E. Schnider,
Hon. E. F. Woodward, D. P. Anderson,
A. G. Burnett and Dr. Martin.
Rev. E. B. Ware pronounced the dedica
tory prayer, and the venerable Dr. Shep
ard delivered the benediction. There was
a collation from 1 to 2:30 p. m., and con
gratulations and son.s at 3 p. m.
In the evening a twenty-minute song
service wa3 held, and an address from Dr.
Martin was listened to by a large congre
gation, thus winding up a pleasant and
profitable Sabbath for Santa Rosa's
church-loving people. .
FATHER YORKE AT COLUSA
Enthusiastic Greeting Given the Cham
pion of Catholicism.
COLUS A, Cal., June 7.— When the train
arrived yesterday afternoon having Father
Yorke on board a large crowd was at the
depot to greet him. Rev. Mr. Wallrath
met him with a carriage, and he was
driven at once to the priest's home.
Tbe theater was handsomely decorated
at night with American flags, roses, mag
nolias and vines, among which thousands
of lilies were intervowen. When Father
Yorke entered the house was crowded to
the doors, ana a burst of applause greeted
him as he walked up the aisle. On the
stage were a number of citizens, aincng
them Colonel John T. Harrington of Gov
ernor Build's staff, Rev. Jnmes Cone of
the Episcopal Church, Rev. Guy W. Smith
of the Christian Church and Rev. M. Wall
rath. United States Surveyor - General
W. S. Green introduced the speaker.
Father Yorke held the close attention of
his audience for over two hours. He spoke
of the infallibility of the Pope and the loy
alty of Catholics to American institutions.
In the church, he said, there was not one
Benedict Arnold.
. ♦ — .
MISS ANTHONY AT SEATTLE
Pleads for the Right of Woman to Wield
tins /; allot.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 7.— Susan B.
Anthony lectured on woman suffrage last
night in the Seattle Theater under the
auspices of the Woman's Century Club.
Early, beneficent results as regards woman
suffrage, the distinguished lecturer de
clared, were to be found in Western States.
in the staid and ultra-conservative East
the great cuuse could win only through the
medium of a Federal amendment — the
sixteenth — to the National constitution.
Miss Anthony said the Republican party
had lc ng remained in power by bestowing
the right of franchise upon negroes. If
that party had treated the black man de
cently it could have remained continu
ously in power to this day. The party
giving woman the right of suffrage would
secure similar benefits and advantages
even mor^ lasting. Miss Anthony thanked
the San Francisco Call, which she de
clared to be the ablest newspaper in Cali
fornia, a State at the hands of which she
expected much in the line of equal rights
for women.
BACK FROM COOKS INLAND
Perilous Voyage of the Crew of a Leah'
ing Schooner.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 7.— The schooner
W. J. Bryant, Captain Whitney, which
sailed from Seattle on April 2 with forty
passengers for Six-mile Creek, Alaska, re
turned to this port this morning, twenty
four days out from Cooks Inlet. The
reports as to vessels having been disabled
while on the sands at Six-Mile, which
reached here in advance via the Utopia,
were confirmed.
The Bryant, throughout its twenty-four
days at sea, leaked at the rats of 200 gallons
of water an hour, and the crew of five, in
cluding the master, was kept busy at the
pumps. Had the weather been other than
it wat— exceDtionably favorable — the Bry
ant might not have made its way back to
port. The damage to the Bryant consists,
as reported by the Utopia, of the breaking
away of the boot of its' keel, besides other
injuries. The crew confirms the report of
the sinking of a schooner in the inlet.
Messages Jhlathnd by the Sun-.
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, June 7.— The
signal corps of the Third Brigade to-day
exchanged about twenty messages be
tween this city and Auburn by heliograph.
The distance is thirty-two miles, ftoxt
Sunday signals will be sent to and
from Nigger Hill, near Placerville, a dis
tance of nearly sixty miles.
Won by tianta Crux.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 7.— The Im
perials of San Francisco came down to
play ball with the Santa Cruz Electrics,
but the Santa Cruz boys played horse with
them, beating the visitors by a score of 14
to 5. The Santa Cruz boys have had won
derful success during the present season,
having lost but three games.
•—• — ♦ — •
Julia Henry, a 9-year-old child of Brook
lyn, N. V., jumped with a skipping rope
for two hours and died the next night.
SHOOTING ON
THE RANGES.
Many First-Class Riflemen
at the Schuetzen Park
Events.
CONTESTS FOR MEDALS.
Grutli Vereiners Hold Their
Most Interesting Event of
the Season.
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOUND.
Columbia Marksmen Experiment With
a Short-Range Target With a
White Center.
The riflemen who attended the events at
Schuetzen Park yesterday could not have
had a better day for their sport if they had
one made to order. The early trains to
San Rafael took over a large number to
the park, and from the time of the shoot
ers' arrival until nearly sundown, with the
exception of dinner hour, they kept the
leaden pellets whistling over the range.
Many excellent scores were, made.
The regular medal shoot of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Verein brought out nearly
the full force of the organization. As the
marksmen did not come up to the require
ments in scores for the first of the cham
pion class, no one was able to secure this
much-coveted trophy. All of the others
came up to the standard, as seen by the
annexed scores:
Second of the champion, Charles Thierbach,
408 rings; first of the first class, Phillip Bohr,
4 - 20; f-econd of the first class, T. F. Robinson,
417; firstof the second class, O. Bremer, 400;
second of the second class, H. Schroeder, 399;
first of the third class, A. Junblut, 391 ; second
of the third class, J. C. Waller, 376; lirst of trie
fourth class, A. N. Boyen, 376; second of the
fourth class, T. B. Turner, 330. First best shot,
William Ehrenpfort, 25; last best shot, A.
Hanipel, 25.
The medal for the cadet class was won
by A. Reubold on 368 rings. The second
class did not fill.
The second piize shoot of the Verein
Eintrachtwas productive of many sharp
contests, the conditions being three shots
on the 25-ring target. The scores were as
follows:
F. A. Kuhls 61, C. Gumbel 59, A. Wertner 58,
C. Schroder 58, K. Stettin 56, John Young 56.
T. Stroh 49, T. Beuuer 47, Rohrer 46, J. C.
Hagerup4s, J. Zalin 45, Henry Scbweiger 43,
C. Reissing 42, E. Jessen 40, Over 37, Rickert
35, C. Muller32, B. Overrnohle 32, C. Auer3l,
Louis Schmidt 26, Buhrstedt 23, Yon Hart
wig 16.
The regular medal shoot of the same
club resulted in the following class win
ners and their scores:
Champion class, F. A. Kuhls 447 rings; first
class, Beuner 422; second class, Rohrer 431 ;
third clais, Shroli 438; fourth class, Schwei^er
295; first best shot, John Young 24; last best
shot. John Young 25.
The medal shoot of the season of tbe
Grutli Verein resulted in the annexed
scores :
Champion class, Alfred Gehret 1254; first
class, K. Baumeartner 1232; second class, John
Frie 1230; third clasß, EJward Kunx 1143;
first best shot, John Frie 25: last best shot.
Edward Kunz 24.
A BIG WHITE CENTER.
Another Target for Fine Shooting
Tried Yesterday at Shell
Mound.
The riflemen missed a rare oppor'unity
for fine scores by staying a* ay from the
Shell Mound shooting range yesterday, for
the light was excellent and there was only
enough wind to carry off the smoke.
There was considerable practice, but only
a few regular club shoots. Dr. L. O.
Rodgers, F . O. )foung and A. B. Dorrell of
the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club made
some successful experiments on the fifty
yard range with a new target, in which all
of the principles of tbe Columbia target
are preserved.
The target shot on was a six-inch center
in the regular twelve-inch black, the half
inch lines being preserved in both. Many
of the marksmen have been sighting their
firearms so as to hold just under tha black/
but with the white centers they had the
opportunity of holding on the dead cen
ter. The experiments showed that the
pinhead on the 22-caliber rifle and pistol
show up to splendid advantage. To have
made the white centers smaller, say four
inches, it was feared would be straining to
tbe eyes. Several excellent scores were
made, and it is possible that the new ar
rangement will be adopted for 22-caliber
rifles by the club.
Chri9 Meyer ana C. F. Waltham of the
Nationals were out practicing with their
Springfield muskets. Meyer has obtained
such excellent results with nitro powder
and nickel-plated bullets trat now he uses
nothing else. The scores of the two were
as follows:
C. Meyer. I 54455454 B-45
445545556 4—46
5 5 4465555 6—48
446545458 4—45
444664454 4-43
555.4 5 4555 5-48
C F. Waltham... 6 43545465 5—45
64555654 6.4—47
454444545 6-44
455454 445 6-49
46544 5 664 6—46
The regular monthly shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles resulted in the annexed
score :
Corporal F. Hau 43, Corporal J. Mindemann
15, Corporal C. Lindecker 38, Sergeant H.
SchUchtmann 35, J.Stangr 8, H. Geatgen 35,
William Tinken 22, Sergeant tr. M. Zeislng 42,
Sergeant C. H. Kornbeck 42.
The first division of the Naval Bat
talion was out tor its regular monthly
record medals and the following scores
were made :
P. Murray 15, Toussalnt 26, J. Murray 24,
Lndiman 28, McMullen 19, Uabmachei 16, a
Krider 28. O. Smith 40, J. Beattie 28, J. Cap
pieman 27, Ed Allen 33.
Eleven members of Troop A Cavalry
were on the fifty-yard pistol range shoot
ing for their monthly records. These
marksmen use the old army Colts six
shooter, their Smith & Wesson arms hav
ing been taken from them by the powers
that be. Why they have not been pro
vided with the new army Colts is not
known. The boys have not yet become
tamihar with their arms, and do not lite
the way they "kick" a little bit. Their
scores were not up to their expectations or
desires, nor are they likely to be until they
learn that it is necessary to clean these
big belt-revolvers more frequently than
they did yesterday. This class of revolver
should be cleaned at least once in five
shots to get anything like good results*
The scores made yesterday, possible 50,
were as follows:
Lieutenant Jents 38, Robertson 36. Phillips
33, Armstrong 25, Penpiman 30, McDermott
33, Enfeldahl 34, Hahn 4, Hagerty 30, Kaiser
30, De Graff 20.
A Death at Woodland,
WOODLAND, Cal., June 7.— Benjamin
F. Harlan died last night after an illness
of several weeks, resulting from a stroke
of paralysis received while serving on a
Jury. Mr. Harlan was one of tbe early
pioneers of Yolo County, and was a brother
of ex- Senator J. H. Harlan and father of
City Treasurer Harlan.
FIRE AT LOS ANGELES
£"lames Siceep Throuffh a Section of the
Oil Jtlstriet.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 7.— A dis
astrous fire raged in the oil district last
night, entailing a lo?3 of 3500 barrels of
oil and other property, which will bring
the total to $10,000.
Four residences were destroyed, together
with a dozen derricks and probably ten
oil tanks.
The fire originated through the careless
ness of A. P. Miller, who resides on Mrt
calf street, near Temple and Court streets.
He started a bonfire in his hack yard,
in which to burn some rubbish. Miller
poured oil over the blazing debris.
In a short time the blazing liquid got
beyond his control, and running into a
slump hole containing a large quantity of
oil, set this on fire.
The fire soon attacked tha neighboring
derricks and oil tanks.
Two tanks belonging to Ben Btrauss ex
ploded. The content-* were ignited, one
flaming stream running down Metcalf
street, while another started down Court
street. , , .
Soon the house of Millar was destroyed,
as was the adjoining one of J. S. Pinney.
The stream of blazing oil rushed across
the street and set fire to the house of M.
J. Bowler, a Southern Pacific detective,
and also destroyed a boarding-house kept
by J. Bowen. .
"The other stream set fire to at least ten
derricks and nine oil tanks.
The Monterey at Taeoma.
TACOMA, Wash., June 7.— The big
coast-defense monitor Monterey steamed
into tbe harbor yesterday afternoon. It
will remain here for some time. A recep
tion was accorded its officers last evening.
TAKE PENNIES AND MAIL
Burglars Make a Raid on tbe
Temporary Cripple Creek
Postoffice.
Suspicion Directed Against an Incom
petent Official Who Caused a
Peck of Trouble.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 7.— The
postoffice was robbed at an early hour yes
yesterday. Two sacks of pennies and some
registered letters were taken. The extent
of the loss cannot be ascertained until the
office i 8 checked up. At 2:30 o'clock in the
morning Frank Urateland, who sleeps in
the frame building which is the temporary
quarters of the Postofflce, went home for a
short time, and upon bis return he was
held up by two men who were just leaving
the Postoffice. They held a gun on him
until they had backed off into the dare
ness and disappeared. BrateJand found
tbe registered mail spread out on the desk
and two letters which had been rifled.
The cierk says he cannot poiitively de-
Bcribe the men. This inorninu tbe sacks
containing the pennies were found a block
away troin the Postoffice.
DENVER, Colo., June 7.— lnspector-in-
Chief G. McMechan received notice of the
robbery at Cripple Creek yesterday,
but nothing was stated as to the amount
of the lose. It was given out, however,
that the Joss will amount to $1400 in cash
and an unknown quantity of registered
mail. The gravest of suspicions have been
aroused over this latest reported trouble
from Cripple Creek, and a most searching
inquiry is to be promptly instituted.
Under the administration of J. C. Rose
the Cripple Creek postoffice has been a
continual source of trouble, both before
and since the fire. Complaints innumer
able have been made against Rose, and
the inspectors have reported his case to
the department a score of times.
Not lons ago he burned several tons of
mail, alleging his inability to handle it,
and the citizens were very indignant over
this, asserting that first-class matter had
been burned, as some evidences remained
of this on the dump where the stuff was
consumed.
This week Rose was reported "in
efficient" by the department, and his dis
missal was but a matter of a few days.
He was required to keep one or two men
in the office at night for fear of burglary
or fire, as the structure is of the most
flimsy construction. The circumstances
justify tbe suspicions which are afloat re
garding the truth of tbe story of the rob
bery.
Hirhnrd M ant field' s JVetr Manager.
BUTTE, Mont., Jone 7.— John Maguire,
the famous theatrical manager of the
West, has signed a contract to manage
Richard Manstield for five years. Tony
Ward, treasurer of Magnire's Opera-house,
has also been offered the position of treas
ure r of Mansfield's Oarrick Theater, in.
New York.
NEW TO-DAY
m THE OWL
H| DRUG CO.,
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
firrnn n ir™
ILI-nllL
S. JMGGISTS.
THE OWL'S
BIRTHDAY,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
On That Day Every Customer
Will Receive
10% DISCOUNT
'On AH Purchases made .
in our San Francisco or
Oakland establishments.
Only One 10 Per Cent Benefit Day
At The Owl,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
1128 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Broadway and 10th Street, Oakland
RadwatjT
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of (be food, cauM
a healthy act ion of the JLiver and render the Bowel*
natural in thelr\>perac on without gripingDR. KUHLMAN
WON'T GO TO JAIL
He Defeats Coroner Haw
kins in the Imprison
ment Case
MAKES GRAVE CHARGES
Will Begin Suit Against the
Coroner for $75,000 Damages
for Indignities.
ACCUSES SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Says It Has tb£ Coroner's Office in Its
Grip in Order to Defeat Claims
of Widows and Orphans.
The docket of the Snperior Court for the
City and County of San Francisco will
record in a few days another big suit for
heavy damages.
Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman, having been
victorious last Saturday in his protracted
legal battle with Coroner William J.
Hawkins over a commitment to prison by
the Coroner, now intends to sue the Coro
ner for $75,000 damages for indignities
which he claims the Coroner has heaped
upon him. The doctor charges the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company with having
its tentacles entwined around the Coro
ner's office for the purpose of defeating
what he calls the just claims of widows
and orphans. The railroad company is
additionally interested in this same story
to the extent that it has been sued by the
widow in this particular case for $10,000
damages for causing the death of Jens W.
Sonderup.
The story begins October 15 last. On
that day Sonderup was knocked from his
wagon by a Kearny- street electric car.
A fter a lingering illness of six months
Mr. Sonderup died, Dr. Kuhlman says,
from the result of injuries received in the
accident. In professional language the
cause of deatn was progressive traumatic
cerebro-spinal paralysis and ataxia. The
(iate of Sonderup's death was April 23 last.
The Southern Pacific Company has al
ready settled with the widow Sonderup
for damages to the horses and wagon, pay
ing her $500.
Sonderup was a Dane. The Danes are
said to have a peculiar horror of autopsies,
post-mortems and any mutilation of dead
bodies. The remains of Sonderup were
taken to the undertaking establishment of
Gantner & Guntz, near the City, and Mrs.
tsonderup requested tlie undertakers not
to mutilate tlie body or permit anybody
else to do so. Dr. Kuhlman says that the
Southern Pacific Company, anticipating
that it might have a suit for damages to
meet, had spies bivouacked around the
undertaking establishment, watching the
corpse.
As soon as the death certificate was
filed in the Health Office it was stopped.
Dr. XuhJman says that this shows the
yarly watchfulness of the Southern Pacific
in the case. There being no other reason,
he say 3, why the death certificate should
not issue, the doctor went to the Health
Office and made a le^al demand for one.
The reason given why the burial permit
was not granted was that it was a case for
the Coroner. But, Dr. Kuhlman in
quired, there beine no evidence at
at the time before the Health Officer that
Sonderup died in an accident, now could
the case be one for the 'Coroner? The re
sult of the doctor's visit to the Health Of
fice was that, divested of all the verbal
compliments that were passed by each
side, it was finally refused point Dlanir. to
issue the death certificate.
Widow Sonderup then, by advice of her
attorney, notified the undertakers not to
Eermit the Coroner to take the body except
y due process of law. Subsequently tne
Coroner telephoned to the undertakers for
the body and they refused to let him have
it except ;by legal process. Shortly after
that several of the Coroner's deputies ap
peared at the undertakine establishment
and took the body away practically by
force. Dr. Kuhlman says that previous to
sending the deputies the Coroner threat
ened to make it warm for the undertakers.
On the day that the body tras re
moved from the undertakers' Dr. Kuiil
man and others were notified by telephone
by Coroner Hawkins that an inquest
would be held at the Moreue at 6:30
o'clock in the evening. Taking several
friends and physicians with him Dr. Kuhl
man went to tne Morgue to protest against
an autopsy on tee ground that the death
certificate had been regularly made out
and that there was no evidence of an acci
dent. They waited an hour, and there be
mn no indication that an inquest was to
be held they departed.
Dr. Kuhlman says that Coroner Haw
kins is a sly man and practiced a trick
upon him, ior after they had gone an
autopsy was held some time during the
dead, still watches of the night on the
body of Sonderup, and next morning,
with the marks of the autopsy plainly
visible, the body was delivered to the
undertakers.
Then Coroner Hawkins filed a death cer
tificate in the Health Office that Sonderup
had died from consumption and that an
inquest was pending. Dr. Kuhlman says
that an inquest was not pending, because
no jury had been sworn. A burial permit
was then issued, and poor Sonderup was
lowered into a grave in the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, April 25 last. Besides hi«
horses and wagon he had a little stock in
a beer-bottling concern, but the widow
could not realize on it. She had to sacri
fice their household effects to procure the
necessaries «1 life for herself and lamily.
She has been assisted by friendly and
sympathetic Danes*, who have given sev
eral bails and parties for her benefit. She
is now out of the City on the advice of her
attorney, in order that she might escape
tne mesh'.'s of any bull-dozing tactics that
jni^ht be attempted.
A few days after the funeral of her hus
band Mrs. Sonderup filed a suit againat
Coroner Hawkins for $25,000 damages for
"willfully and maliciously" mutilating
the body* of her husband.
After this suit was brought against him
Coroner Hawtins impaneled a jury, called
witnesses and proceeded to hold an in
quest. This was on May 23 last. Dr.
Kuhlman was summoned to appear, and
did appear, as the public will remember,
fortbe occasion was productive of sensa
tional results and a narrow escape of the
doctor from confinement in jail for con
tempt.
The doctor asked Coroner Hawkins if he
was holding the inquest as Coroner or as a
private citizen. Tt.e-Coroner replied that
he w»s holding it officially. At the open
ing of tbe inquest Coroner Hawkins stated
that he had been sued for $25,000 damages,
and Dr. Kuhlman says that the Coroner
also announced that he was holding the
inquest to square himself as against the
suit.
Dr. Kuhlman was called to tbe stand.
He refused to testify on the grounds of
professional secrecy in his relation to his
patient and on the ground that the inquest
was illegal.
Coroner Hawkins demanded an answer
to his questions or he would send Dr.
Kuhlman to jail for contempt, as the
Coroner sits as a magistrate.
The doctor told the Coroner that he was
THE REVIVAL OF BASEBALL.
Scenes at the Opening of the New Athletic Grounds Near the Presidio, at the Terminus of the Union-Street Line.
ready to go to jail whenever the Coroner
got ready.
Not being accustomed to having his
authority defied the Coroner made out a
commitment for imprisonment and Dr.
Kuhlman was placed in cbarg- of an offi
cer. The captain of the California-street
police station, Sergeant Houphtaling at the
City Hall and Captain Healy at the City
Hall all refused to tane the prisoner on the
commitment. The doctor was finally
taken before Judge Conlan in the Police
Court, and he was released on his own
recognizance to appear the following Mon
day for trial.
In the meantime the case was trans
ferred to Judge Campbell, who, after a
continuance, finally sentenced Dr. Kuhl
man to five days' imprisonment in the
County Jail.
John B. Clark, Dr. Kuhlman's attorney,
sued out a writ of habeas corpus before
Superior Judgn Belcher, and the hearing
on the writ was set for last Saturday before
Judge Belcher. The court decided that
the inquest held in the case of Sonderup
was illegal, and ordered Dr. Kuhlman's
discharge.
The doctor is now camt>ed on the trail
of the Coroner with a long knife in his
belt sharpened to slice off a goodly por
tion of Coroner Hawkins' fortune if he
can get a jury to authorize it- Dr. Kuhl
man said yesterday afternoon:
"The Widow Sonderup is going to push
ber suit for $25,000 damages against the
Coroner as Judge Beicher's decision
decides the illegality of the inquest.
"I am going to sue the Coroner and his
bondsmen in due course of time for
$75,000 to offset the damages and the in
dignities of being advertised on bill
boards, etc., as going to jail.
"The Morgue has been run in a body
snatcher manner," continued the doctor.
"It has been used and is being used by
the Southern Pacific Company to defeat
the just claims of widows, orphans and
other persons who may begin suit for dam
ages against the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Autopsies are held. If any diseases
of internal organs of persons are found a
certificate of death is issued that the per
son died from natural causes, in order to
defeat claims for damages in case of acci
dent, etc. Sonderup never had a symptom
of consumption, yet they say he died
from it,
"The law says," continued the doctor,
"that 'whenever a person commits suicide,
is murdered, slain or dies suddenly under
suspicious circumstances, the Coroner
shall forthwith impanel a jury and pro
ceed with the jury to the place wnere tne
body is, and if buried, exhume the same,
and with the jury view the body belore
commencing an inquest,' The jury in the
Sonderup case never viewed the body; it
had been buried three weeks before the il
legal inquest was held.
"I am satisfied," continued Dr. Kuhl
man, "that every inquest that has been
held by this administration in the Morgue
has been illegal, and it is a matter that
oucht to be investigated by the Grand
Jury. Ido not hesitate to say that it is a
nest of corruption where bodies are pur
posely mutilated. At the risk of my per
sonal liberty 1 have stopped this nefarious
practice at the Morgue, and I hope the
Grand Jury will take it up. It is a dis
grace to the city," said he.
"The CoroneVs jury in the Sonderup
case," concluded Dr. Kuhlman. "brought
in no verdict. The jury stated that I was
the only man who Knew what Sonderup
died from, and I had not testified. Haw
kins tried to bulldoze tbe jury to accept
the evidence of other witnesses, but the
jury wouldn't have it, and no verdict has
ever been rendered in that case."
In regard to the statement that the octo
pus has its tentacles on tlie Coroner's office,
Coroner Hawkins said last evening:
"As to that charge 1 refer to my record
since I have been in office in refutation ol'
it. Not agreeing with Dr. Kuhlman ap
pears to be synonymous with being under
the influence of the octopus.
"As to the Somierup case, the first 1
knew of the matter was when Dr. Kuhl
man telephoned to me and complained of
the officio'.isness of the Health Office :n re
fusing to give him a burial permit for Son- j
derun. He asked me. to do away with the |
formality of an autopsy, and said he
would appear and testify as to the cause
of death. It being a railroad case, however,
1 preferred to let a jury assume the re
spotis bility of passing on it. I then, in
compliance with the request ol the Health
Office to investigate the case, ordered Dr.
Barrrtt to bold an autopsy. His investi
gation showed that death was due to
tuberculosis and in no way could he find
Bigns of an injury.
"The Coroners' law in California and, in
fact, throughout the United States," said
Coroner Hawkins, "is vague and uncertain.
Judye Belcher made a ruling Saturday in j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
regard to the case and we shall immedi
ately proceed with the Sonderup case ac
cording to the rules laid down by the
Judge.
"As to Dr. Kuhlman's statement that he
wants the Grand Jury to investigate my
oftioe, I heartily join in the request and
hope if such an investigation takes place
Dr. Kuhlman will appear and tell all he
knows or thinks he knows about it. I
suggest in this connection that it would
not be amiss for the Grand Jury to inves
tigate Dr. Kuhlman's connection with the
Sonderup case and ascertain why he en
deavored to rush a fraudulent death certi
ficate throueh the Health Office.
"The doctor assigned the cause of death
to be progressive traumatic cerebro-spinal
ataxia and paralysis. Dr. Morse
and Mr. Godchaux were present
when the certificate was presented
and the word traumatic is what ar
rested it. Traumatism implies an injury,
and on this account they demanded an in
vestigation before they would issue the
burial permit. The jury in tne case never
completed its sitting, because Kuhlman
refused to testify. It was my duty to find
out whether the motorman of the car was
criminally negligent; and for that reason,
and no other, was the inquest ordered.
As to being sued by Dr. Kuhlman, I con
sider that preposterous, as I was only do
ing my official duty, and in regard to the
outcome of the suit I am not at all ner
vous," concluded the Coroner.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Rlordan and Nealon Again
Defeat Amateur Champion Don
nelly and Bonnet. '
One of the keenest and most closely con
tested games seen on the coast was played
n the San Francisco Handball Court yes
terday between John Riordan, the v coast
champion, and J. C. Nealon and P. T.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and T.
F. Bonnet. Riordan and Nealon had de
feated . Donnelly and Bonnet the previous
Sunday, and the two latter determined, if
possible, to get even.
Bonnet and Donnelly won the first and
third games; Riordan and Nealon the sec
ond and fourth. The final was a scorcher.
Riordan and Nealon had the advantage of
the start, and notwithstanding , the bril
liant play of their opponents they main
tained the lead to the end, the game clos
ing 21 to 12.
Another exciting game was played be
tween J. Harlow, the ex-coast champion,
and J. Kearney and P. Kelly. It was
thought that Harlow would prove an easy
victim to two such clever amateurs, but he
defeated them by three games to one. :
At the Union court the event of . the day
was a game between Thomas Barry, who
has just arrived from the South, and J. J.
Feeney and R. Lenihan , and J. ; Nelson.
Barry showed that he knew how to handle
the ball.'and he and his partner won, after
a hard struggle, by three games to two.
Following were the games played yester
day: , ; ' .- - y.- ; ■
San Francisco court— P. Ryan and G. McDon
ald defeated D. Rodger* ana W. Manning,
21—12, 14—21, 21-17. W. Manning and D.
Rodgers defeated P. Ryan and G. McDonald,'
21—14. 16—21, 21—19. J. Collins and J. Brown
defeated M. Edwards and R. Murphy, 21—11.
14—21, 21—18. R- Shields, aud R. Shay de
feated T. Sullivan and C. Ward, 21—15, 17—21, j
21— 20. D. Connelly and J. IMcEveloy deieated
P. Kelly and J. Nelson, 21— 16, 18—21, 21—19.
P. Hutchinson and J. Lawless were defeated
by G. Hutchiuson and Al Pennoyer, 21—15,
17—21, 31—19. G. Hutchinsop. and J. Law- I
less were defeated by Al Pennoyer and P.
Hutchinson. 21— 15, 17-21, 21— 19. J. Har
low defeated J. Kearney and P. Kelly, 21— 17,
21—16. 19—21, 21—20. John Riordan, coast
champion, and J. C. Nealon * defeated P. T.
Donnelly and T. F. Bonriet, 15-21, 21—16,
17-21,21-18,21— 12. . :
Union court— D. Regan and M. Kirby de
feated J. Lavelle and J. Leamy, 21—18, 11—15,
21—19. Dave Barry and William O'Brien de
feated Ed Henagban and J. O'Brien, 21— 17,
21—19, 21— William Mcuuire and T. Fay
. defeated W. Horan and George j McGuire, 21—
21—17, 21—19. T. Lenihan and Timothy
Jordan defeated William Leonard and J. I
Dooley, 21-18, 21-17, 21-16. T. Sullivan i
and P. J. O'Brien defeated J. Burns and T. I
Crane, 21— 19, 21-17, ' 21—20. Professor j
Lynch and O. Hendry defeated C. Johnson and !
C. Long,' 2l— l7, 21—10. » Terry McManus and
■R. Patterson defeated H. 11. Kenny and R.
Batzner, 21—18. 19—21, 21—17. Thomas
Barry and J. J. Feeney defeated R. Lenihan
and James Nelson, 21—16, 8—21, 18—21, 21—
21—13. ,- ■ .•■:, : ; .- - ..--
» — ■♦ «
The first results of . the census taken in
Paris on March 30 give the number of the
inhabitants^of, the capital at 2,511,455,
which 'represents an : increase yof : - 87,250
since March 12, i 1891, the date of the pre
vious census. " ?. ■ , • •
HARD HEADED
OLD MAN HANLEY.
How He Almost Butted Out
a Victory in a
Ball Game.
PRESIDIO PARK OPENED.
Revival of Professional Baseball
in and About San
Francisco.
CITY LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP
The California Baseball League Will
Open Its Season on
Jane 28th.
The new Presidio Athletic Grounds were
yesterday opened to the public for the
first time. In the morning there was a
ball came between the Calls and Exam
iners, in which the former proved vic
torious. In the afternoon the Pacifies an<l
the Californias played the initial game of
the City League championship series.
The managers of the City League, who
are making an effort to revive public inter
est in the national game in San Francisco,
state that it is with a feeling of confidence
that they enter the field. They believe
they will succeed in placing the game
where it stood some years ago, before
horse racing ousted it from the affections
of the sport-loving public. To use their
own words, '"Why not? We have the play
ers; we have the same people who loved
the game then, and we have without doubt
the finest grounds in tlie City, situated
where the climate is nearly always mild.
Why, then, shouldn't the game be enjoyed
just the same as if it had never stopped?"
The play yesterday afternoon was of the
good old-fashioned sort, in wnich hits and
errors were almost equally frequent, and
in which no inning wad allowed to go by
without one or more runs being scored.
For all that, the audience seemed to like
it. The grand stand was comfortably
filled, many of those present beine ladies.
There was a lare number of the ancient
order of "rooters" there, too, and it
sounded just like old times to hear, "Line
it out, Blockers, old boy," when prehistoric
Hanley went t<> tlie bat.
Hanley, by the way, furnished the spec
tacular play of the day. It was in the
sixth inning. Tne score stood 9to 3 in
favor of the Pacifies. The Pacifies were in
the field, ana in some way McCarty, their
pitcher, got rattled. He gave three men
their bases on balls in rapid succession.
Hanley was standing in the uoacher's
box, wildly imploring Shea, who was at
the bat, to "knock it over the fence." In
stead, Shea batted a high foul. Up, up
went the ball and several of the Pacifies
rushed to get beneath it. "Blockers" was
in their path, but he stood like a statue so
as not to interfere with their movements.
The ball descended and seemed sure to
fall into the hands of the enemy. Hanley
looked neither to the right nor left and
the sphere dropped plump on the top of
his head. "BlocKers' " eyes bulged out
and his neck sunk deep into his shoulders,
but quickly recognizing that he had saved
his side, the veteran laughed loudly while
the people in the stand applauded. Then
Shea came to the rescue and realized Han
ky's ambition. The next ball that was
pitched he "put over de fence for a
homer."
The Californias made five runs in that
inning, making the score 9to 8, but that
was as near as they came to winning.
From that time on the Pacifies batted
Mullee almost at will, and at the end of
the game it was 17 to 11 in their favor.
Both teams showed great batting ability,
but were very shy on the team work. This
no doubt resulted from lack of practice,
and a much better article of ball will
probably be put up at next Sunday's game.
The tollowing summary will tell in full
the technical story of the game:
aruMABY.
Camporvias a.h. r. Ib. s.b. r.o. a. K.
Shea, 3d b 6 2 8 0 6 11
Mnllee, p. 5 2 2 0 0 3 0
Kiopi,3db. 5 12 0 0 2 2
Hanley, l.f. h 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kuckley, c.f 4 0 10 10 0
Body, c 6 10 0 6 10
Tribon.lstb. 3 3 1 1 10 0 1
CunnoD, r.f. 3 12 10 0 0
Zela,B.B. 3 12 0 0 6 2
Totals 39 11 13 2 24 13 6
Pacific* a.b. r. Ib. b.b. P.o. a. c.
Monanai, s.s 6 3 2 3 3 2 2
Beckett. 2d b 3 2 2 2 4 3 1
Wiids, Ist b ,5 2 2 18 10
Wuldt house, r.f..... 3 2 10 10 0
Strei c.f 5 2 10 3 0 0
Holler, l.f 5 2 3 12 0 0
.McDermou, 3d b... 4 2 3 0 0 10
Hammond, c. 5 2 10 6 0 0
Mccarty, p 4 0 2 10 7 0
Totals 40 17 17 8 27 14 3
6COBE BY INNINGS.
12345678 9
Pacifies 114 2 1215 *— 17
Californias 10020502 o—lo
Ksrnpd runs— Pacifies, 2; Californlas H. Home
run— *hea- Three-base hit— McDerniott. Two
base hits— Mullee. Klopf, Buckley, Beckett, ilc-
Dermott, Hammond. Left on buses— calif ornias,
10; Pacifies. 8. Base On balls— Off licCarty, 9;
off Mullee. 9. struck out — By McC'arty, 4; by
Mullee, 3. Hit by pitcher— Cliirk. Wiles and Body.
Base on errors— californias, 3: P&clrics, 4. Passed
balls-Zeis, 3. W lid pitch— Muilee, 1. Umpire,
Gagus.
FOR THE STATE LEAGUE.
Arrangements Almost Completed
at Sixteenth and Folsom
Streets.
The managers of the California Baseball
League are rapidly completing arrange
ments at the new grounds, corner of Fol
som and Sixteenth streets, and everything
will be in re&diness for the opening on the
28th inst.
Yesterday afternoon a short game was
played to determine the permament loca
tion of the diamond and o: her features of
the field. Tbe Oakland and San Francisco
teams participated, the latter winning.
The Oakland team, however, is an excep
tionally strong combination, .fete Sweeney
looks after the home team's interest and
promises to also put a good club in tbe
field.
The services of Jack Donahue have been
secured to officiate as umpire and in all
probability Joe Stapleton, who was for
many years official scorer at the Haight
street grounds, will again assume that re
sponsibility.
Manager Blake says: "I can see no rea
son why this will not be a profitable en
terprise. You can see that baseball still
has a hold in this City by the attendance
here to-day. We intend to give the people
good clean baseball and will spare neither
time nor expense to secure the services of
the best ball-players in the State."
CRICKET ON TWO GROUNDS
Bohemians Beat the Pacifies.
California-Alameda Match
a Draw.
Hearfield Puts Up a Creditable Score
for the Caiifornians— Some
Good Play.
Two inter-club cricket matches were
played yesterday, both of which excited
considerable interest.
At Golden Gate the heretofore conquer
ing Pacifies were pitted against the formid
able Bohemians. The former going first
to bat were somewhat easily disposed of
for seventy runs. To this total John Theo
bald, their old-time leader, his brother
George, their present chief, and H. C.
Cusidy were the principal contributors.
Pocock was handicapped by indisposition
which prevented him from playing in his
usual form, but this misfortune is the sole
sop which the defeated team has for con
solation. The bowling of Robertson and
Cookson— particularly that of the former
was more' than usually deadly, as the
scores Bhow.
S. B. Martin of the Bohemians beat the
other side off his own bat with a some
what lucky 76. Reynolds, W. Robertson
and Doc Bowhill, too, put up good scores.
Cassidy got 7 of the 10 wickets, doing his
level best to keep down the runs, but be
fore the men of red and white were dis
missed they had compiled a big 188 runs.
To play out time the Pacifies went in
again and lost 7 wickets for 80, Captain
Theobald and Wise contributing 22 and 23
not out, respectively. This effort, how
ever, could not affect the result, which
was in favor of the Bohemians by 188 runs.
The score:
PACIFICS— FTSST INNINB.
X Meyers c. Martin b. Robertson 10
E. A. Mutch b. Cookson 0
.1. B. Wise b. Robertson 1
H. K. Pocock b. Kobertson 0
G. Theobald 1. b. w. b. Robertson 11
G. Wisemnn c. Robertson b. Cookson 0
H. C. Casldy b. Robertson 17
J. H. Harbour w. Martin b. Robertson 0
J. J. Theobald b. Robertson 24
T. J. A. Tiedeman-n not out 3
G. Hufferdine c, Martin b. Robertson 0
Extras 4
Total 70
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Mamens. Wickets.
Robertson. 89 27 8 8
Cookson 78 34 4 2
Pollock 6 5 0 0
BOHEMIANS.
Dr. Bowhill b.Hnfferdlne 17
R. W. West c. J. Theobald b. Casidy 6
& B. Martin b. Huffer.line IB
a. S. Reynolds c. Tied' mann b. Casldy 36
W. Robertson c. Tiedemann b. Casldy 33
L. Smith c. Harbour b. Casldy 11
G. Pollock not out 0
F. E. Holder c. Hufferdineb. Casldy 3
A. linage. Casidy b. Hufferdine 0
•W. Reeves b. Casidy 0
H. H. Cookson b. tasidy 0
Extras 7
Total 188
BOWLINO ANALYSIS.
Bails. Rung. Maidens. Wickets.
Casldy 91 65 6 7
Hufferdine.. 109 65 3 3
Pocock 48 29 0 0
Buugh 6 2 2 0
Harbour 24 26 0 0
PACIFICS— SKCOND INNING.
Tiedemann b. Reynolds 9
Meyers c. Bow h ill b. Reynolds 0
Pocock c. West b. Reynolds 0
J. Theobald c. Lugg b. Reynolds 3
Casidy run out 0
G. Theobald not out 22
Wiseman c. Cookson b. Reynolds 1
Mutch c. Martin b. Reynolds 17
Wise not out 23
Extras 8
Total for seven wickets 80
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Reynolds 73 45 2 6
Pollock 72 35 ? 0
At Alameda the Californias met the
Alamedas. The latter goinp first to the
wickets showed something of the old-time
form which has kept them, year after
year, in the first place. Hood and Randall
made 52 and 71 respectively, and three
other of their cracker jack? went into
double figures, the whole side reaching 192
runs by 3.15.
Than came a surprise. Hearfield, who
opened the fi^ht for the Californias with
GeHatly. carried his bat for a carefully
played 92. So well was he supported that
despite the excellent trundling of Griffin
and Ward Jr., only 9 wicicets had fallen at
the call of time and 150 runs were regis
tered. The draw was of course in favor of
the Alamedas. following are the scores:
ALAMKOAS.
R. B. Hoiuec. Brooks b. Thomas 15
C. Gardner b. Banner 19
E. Hood c. Gellaily b. Guild 6U
E. T. Kundull c. Tounsley b. Banner 71
H. Ward Jr. b. Guild 2
H, Cronin r. Brooks b. Banner 0
J. J. K. Peel c. Van Nuden o. Tounsley 11
C. Bragg c. Brooks b. Tounsley 9
G. l.ainb b. Banner  ... 0
G. Ireland not out 2
G. (irillin run out 0
Extras 10
Total 192
BOWLINB ANALYSIS.
Balis. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Guild 137 69 3 2
Banner lU6 42 6 4
Thomas 42 24 0 1
Sollom L' 4 19 0 0
Gellatly 24 24 0 0
Tounsley la 4 1 2
CALIFORNIA*.
D Hearfleld notom 92
P. D. Gellutly c. fronin b. Bragg 9
W. Guild b. Griffin 11
J. B. Brooks b. Griffin 0
O. J. Thomas b. Griffin 4
C. Tounslev c. and b. Ward Jr 0
R. B. Jones b. Griffin 10
O. Sollom b. l'eel g
C Banner b. Peel 0
L. Schweder b. \V;ird Jr 4
G. Van Xorden not out 0
Extras 12
Total for nine wickets. 160
BOWHSB ANALYSIS.
Buils. Kirns. Maidens. Wickets.
Ward Jr 110 48 1 2
Peel 72 M 0 2
C, Brag? 18 20 0 1
Griffin 62 23 2 4
Ho,ue 31 14 1 0
JtS!l«^Pr EFO RE yon use a Sar-
saparilla be sure you get the right kind.
There are two kinds of Sarsaparilla. One
kind contains iodide of potassium and
brings out on your face pimples', boils,
sores, ulcers; and the other kind contains
Sarsaparilla and only herbs. The last
kind is the best kind, and you want the
best. Therefore get
' If you are suffering from a bad blood
disorder, or if you just only feel spring
tired, use the best blood purifier, Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla cures affec-
tions of the Liver, Kidneys, Bowels and
Stomach. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
cures Constipation. It never gripes. You
can take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla all
the year or at any time of the year. It is
the great family medicine chest. It is the
only laxative remedy that does not show a
sting. It does not gripe or pain or irritate.
It will cure many chronic disorders if
taken as per bottle directions. Don't take
a substitute for Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
riiia. '-,.'" '■ '.'.. ''. '- '•:;■'. '/,';;"
y '08 Model Highest Grade. j ,',^
j£j M Fully guaranteed for one year. \^
3 \IJ FIRST CO PER WEEK S
C iVy PAYMENT Vfc ;« WEEKS •'.
I INDIANA BICYCLE CO. \ A
&~ 18 *20 McAllister St.. ■ X"
V* OpenHvenlngs./ .San Francisco. f~
■ ■' Wnen ordering pleiue mention Cai*u v - ■'■
REW-; TO-DAT. 1
At Auction!
At Auction!
BY
G.H.UMBSEN&CO.
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Honse Brokers, Rent . Collectors and Auctioneers,
OFFICE AND SALESROOM:
14 Montgomery St., Near Market
IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE AUCTION
OF
Miscellaneous- Proper ties
AS PKR CATALOGUE. AT SALESROOM,
THIS DAY,
MONDAY, - - - - June 8,1896,
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
Natorna-St. Houses.
Nos. 922, 922% and 924 Natoma street, between
Tenth and Eleventh— Tnree 2-story frame houses,'
6 rooms and bath each, in good condition; rents
$60.per month; lot 50x75: concrete stone side-
walk and coping: iron fencing; street bliumini7.ll;
title Insured California Title Insurance and Trust '
Company.
.Dolores-St. Lot.
Vacant lot 25x125, east side of Dolores street;
160 feet north of Twenty-fifth; ready for building;
half block froom elect -cars; tine view.
Noe- .St. Residence. Foreclosure.
No. 59 Noe street, between Fourteenth and Rid-
ley— Two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath; bay-
windows: brick foundation; lovely sunny homo;
size 30x162. .
tighteenth-st. Building Lots.
Two level lots, south line of Eighteenth street,
125 feet west of Clover alley, one block west of
Douglass street; ready to build on; .street woric
done; 25x121 feeteacn: electric-cars pass.
Choice Residence Lot.
South line of Fulton street, 137:6 feet west of
Scoit: 37:6x137:6 feet: mortgage of $2l'oo can re-
main if aeaired : street accepted by the city; this ta
a very fashionable neighborhood, being the drtvo
to the park " and only half a block from Alamo
square.
The five following pieces by order of
Referee. Estate of Daniel Mullin, de-
ceased. -
Golden Gate Aye.— Down Town.
• Nos. 315-317 Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde
and Larkln streets— Two nouses of 9 rooms, etc,
each: rents $70; lot 34 137:6 feet.
NW. Cor. Fulton and Webster Sts.
Two-story and basement bonse of 9 rooms, etc;
basement could be easily converted into a store at
little expense; rents 945; both streets accepted;
lot 27:bx80 feet.
Investment on Stevenson St.
457-459 Stevenson St., between Fifth and sixth—
Double house of 6 rooms each, etc.; rema 948; lot
26:6x70.
Oak- St. Lot.
South line of Oak si., 278:6', 3 feet west of Da
visadero; 25x137:6.
Ocean View Lot.
West line of Bright St., 150 feet south of Ran-
dolph; 25x100: near electric cars.
Administrator's Sale.
1. 410-4101/2 Page st. and Lily aye.— Two flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each, etc; lot 54 :2x120, as
per diagram.
. 2. Cottage, 415 Lily aye.: 20x60: will not be
offered at the unction sale, but can be bought at a
reasonable price at private sale.
Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Turk and Lyon its.; BOx
137:6; Turk st. is 100 feet wide.
FRENCH HOSPITAL PROPERTY
By order of Board of Directors,
5. E. Bryant St., Bet. sth and 6th.'
As an Kill i v. •
Improvements consist of 3-story brick building
and several smaller buildings;: lot 275x275 feet;
100-vara lot; will cut up Into 25 large building
lots, with 50- toot streets; 4 corners; In the heart
of manufacturing district.
For further particulars Inquire at office
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.;
Auctioneers* •
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
p.>»»»::- •■•-•'♦»»: ; O'
X '*■
•*« ■r~~IE in "
..MONARCH n;
v 1011 Bill ;C¥b'LE-JIA.\UFACTIJRIIQ CO., V
liS 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. ,\
,*. CHAS. BROWS & SOX, 807 Market, A^t. .*«
■ C. F. SALOMOXSO.V A CO., Twelfth and •*•
>_•/ Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. ■ ' '.«
§J W & PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECIAI/TY— DISK ASKS OF MEN, INCLUD-
kJ Ing all forms of Blood*,' Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over2oyears'experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hours, oto3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROM'HK ■tItETT, M. IK.
2«' : < Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
• oppression, nunrn ny •
SUFFOCATION, IJUHt DI
NEURALGIA, Etc., WMIiMi M
ESPIf'S CIGAIIKTTKS, OR POWDER,
l"»ris, J. KsriC: New York, E. FOUUEHA ..
&CO. Sold by all Druggists.
MlJftfltiiaV \> FIFTY-DOLLAR
Jplllii ELECTRIC BELTS
H^£*-^£.4L-4qfM V OR * y5 : ' 34° ' BELTS"
rKJwJS^W^r 3 £ for *'- >0 - and f3O Belts
i &pffi£=j^m?^<i'^-' for f 15; also good belts for .
•t>i/ ■(% : .y\SL u.-\f- $5.- latest patent and all
i- ■<?i£»£'' improvements, tST Call
jJZr.i or write for new pamphlet
Wi ; . - No. 2. . Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny,
second, third and- fourth floors, San Francisco.
COSMOPOIjITAN.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., sn
Iranciaco, Cal. — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pac ]
day. according to room. .Meal* -sc. Booms, jJj
and 780 a day. - .Free, coach to and from the notai. '
Look for the coach beari tig the name of tun Cor '. ■
mopoiitan Howl. Wit Jb'AllKY. Proprietor . .
v .^patents! 3
V^aV22o MARKET ST.S.fS£«£^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3IIANA BITTKKS.THiiJ
great Mexican ; Remedy; give* • lieaita : aa<4
£tren«iu to the Sexual Organ* • . , -
56
IJfjg n ©all
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Poetage Free:
Pally and Sunday Cat.i,, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail . . . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Calz., three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
Weekly Call, one year, by. mall >• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Art you going to the country on a vacation? If
no, it is no trouble (or us to forward THE CALX, to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
' BUSINESS OFFICE:
. 710 Market Street,"
San Francisco, California.
Telephone .< Maln-1B6»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .". Mala-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; «pen
until 9 o'clock.
£'518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
115 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
x 808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
£ corns 51 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
MONDAY. JUNE 8, 1896
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The rush to St. Louis begins.
This week will be warm and the next
one red hot.
Californians will be united this year as
never before.
Join a Republican club at once. This is
going to be a marching campaign.
No Republican will po to the National
Convention with his war paint on.
Democracy is clearly getting ready to
do something desperate with itself.
This year the Democrat and the mug
wump never speak as they pass by.
Abont all that Democracy lives for is
tne hope of getting even with Grover.
There is no sign, symptom or suggestion
of any converts to free trade in this cam
paign. _
Tbe Republican ratification meetings in
California should be made the most enthu
siastic in the Union.
All over the State Republicans should
be at work organizing and bringing in the
convert to the cause of prosperity.
The restoration of a protective tariff will
simplify the financial problem and go far
toward providing an easy solution of it.
If Congress does not adjourn in time to
attend the St. Louis Convention it might
as well stay on Grover's hands all sum
mer.
If ever the old Democratic wagon gets
itself hitched to the silver forces of this
country it will be a smashed wagon at the
first turn in the road.
The revival of industry waits for the
campaign to close, but it waits with the
assurance of a victory for patriotism, pro
tection and prosperity.
Jnst about this time in every election
year the world begins to deny a man the
right to have an opinion unless he has
money enough to bet on it.
Under the Democratic tariff we have had
revenue deficiencies not only every month
but every hour. The bond-producing
work never lets up an instant.
From now until after the Republican
Convention has named the next President
the political pot will be boiling, and then
it will cool off again for a month or so.
It is reported in Missouri that Bland has
declared that he is not a candidate for the
Presidency, but all tne same those Demo
crats who are candidates are not trusting
him much.
While St. Louis occupies the center of
things just now, Santa Cruz has begun to
show a veiy attractive light on the hori
zon, and a good many people have begun
to look that way.
It is said Senator Gorman is in doubt
whether to go to Europe or come to Cali
fornia this summer, from which it would
Beem his only clearly defined yearning is
to get 6ut of Maryland.
New York statistics show a decided in
crease of marriages this year over the cor
responding period of 1895, and some people
are pointing to them as a proof of better
times, but the world remembers this is
leap year.
Never was the prevailing sentiment of
the American people more unmistakable
than at this time. There are differences
of opinion on many things, but there is a
voice universal for a return to the Ameri
can protective system.
Some Eastern merchants are complain
ing that the people of their section pur
chase bicycles when they cannot pay for
iheir groceries or their summer clothes,
and thus does the whirligig of fashion
throw trade into confusion.
Honest assessments are of interest to
every taxpayer, for if one is permitted to
evade his taxes the amount must be made
up from the pockets of others. Thus, tax
shirking in one case means tax-robbery
in another and the honest citizen is plun
dered in order that the dishonest may be
enriched.
In a recent debate in Parliament on the
education bill one of the speakers quoted
a farmer as saying that if all the money
expended on public instruction in Eng
land in the last twenty years had been em
ployed in procuring artificial manure/or
tlie Jand the country would have been bet
ter off. It would be hard to find an Ameri
can farmer who would indorse such a
sentiment.
The Rev. Dr. Forbes of Duluth, in com
menting on the sensational methods of
some evangelists, says: "In some places
all you have to do is to hold up your hand
and shout. 'Come to Jesus,' and you are
saved. It will soon be that you may get
saved by sending jour cabinet photo
praph and have it baptized. Salvation
will soon be on sale by telephone and
telegraph." Had a newspaper said that
it would have been denounced as flip
pancy, but coming from a pastor it will be
accepted as the earnestness of the period.
t
THE PARTY FIRST
"When en-Congressman Forman was
asked the other day if William R. Morn
son would accept the Chicago nomination
on a free-silver platform, he said: ••Well,
I hardly think any man would be apt to
set up his opinion against that of a ma
jority of his party." Colonel Morrison is
a gold-standard man and Mr. Forman is
his confidential friend and neighbor.
It is said Mr. Forman's opinion was
asked to ascertain if it was worth while to
try to reconcile the Altgeld and Cleveland
following. Mr. Forman, no doubt, was au
thorized to say what he said, which means
that Colonel Morrison would accept the
nomination on any kind of a platform the
convention might adopt, for Mr. Forman
further said that he was opposed to the
idea of holding a convention independent
of the one to be held in a few days, in
which the Altgeld influence will dominate.
No doubt tnis is a plan to harmonize the
several factions on the basis of a free-silver
platform and a single-standard candidate.
How such a combination would work re
mains to be seen, but Morrison would
come as near if not nearer satisfying all
sides than almost any other one of tbe lead
ing lights of the party, for he is a firm be
liever in the doctrine that a candidate has
no right to have a policy other than the
one laid down and defined by the party in
convention.
But it is the lesson Mr. Forman's answer
teaches that makes it important. There
has been a growing disposition in both of
the great parties in recent years to ignore
the will aud wish of the rank and file, and
adjust the party's declarations of princi
ples to the personal views of the individual
who happens to control the majority of the
delegates. The principles of a party should
be the outcome of the best thought and
judgment of the party as a whole, but tbe
application of them must necessarily be
left to those whom the party selects to
represent it in the affairs of the public.
The principles of a party do, in its judg
ment, come nearer providing for all the
public requirements of the people than any
others. No party intends that whatever
good comes of its administration shall be
shared in by its own following only. It is
for the betterment of the condition of all
the people that parties exist, and the
judgment of no man is as valuable as the
combined judgment of all the party's
members.
The right of a candidate to urge the
adoption of his opinion on a given ques
tion is not questioned, but when he makes
its acceptance the condition of his ac
cepting the nomination, he sets up his
judgment as being superior to the judg
ment of the combined wbdoni of all the
other members of the party. That indi
vidual who thinks he is greater than his
party has reached the point where his
true worth shouid be made known to him.
Mr. Forman is right. No man has the
right to set up his owu opinion against the
majority of his party. .
A WARNING FROM WALL STREET.
The June financial circular of one of the
leading Wall-street banking institutions
says: "There is plenty of money in the
East, but it is not at the service of promo
tion" (meaning business enterprises) "as
long as there is a fear that a dollar in gold
lent will be repaid by a 'dollar' in silver,
worth 52 cents in the article borrowed."
Again it says: "There will be no revival
from business stagnation until this ques
tion is settled," meaning the final and un
alterable adoption of the gold standard.
Once more: "An unequivocal gold stand
ard is the necessity to-day as it never was
before. The lines are to be drawn this year
sharper than ever before."
The circular letter from which the above
quotations are taken is, presumably, not
for general circulation. The presumption
is that it is sent to money-borrowers,
money-lenders and stock speculators. It
is sent to money- borrowers to call their
attention to the fact that they wiil get no
bank accommodations to carry on their
business until thu gold standard is adopted
for good and all, hoping thereby to «timu
late them to work, talk fend vote against
the remonetization of silver; to money
lenders to inform them to not expect to
have paper rediscounted until the "silver
craze" is a thing of the everlasting past,
and to stock speculators to remind them
that "deals" on the New York stock ex
change will be in gold at par and in silver
at 52 cents of the face value of the coin.
This circular letter farther says that ad
vocates of free silver coinage at 16 to 1 are
•'aggTessive and vociferous" and that they
will "fipht hard" in the St. Louis and Chi
cago conventions to fasten their "delusion"
upon the two great parties. It gives free
silverites the credit of being of "average
honesty" in "ordinary business trans
actions," but on the money question "the
lines must be drawn about them tight and
secure." Eastern business men, that is
Eastern bankers and money lenders, are
"impressing" gold-standard "principles'"
on their "correspondeuts" (creditors)
"throughout the country."
The audacity of this Wall-street banking
concern, and it is a representative money
lending institution of that center, is
sublime in its frankness. A deliberate
conspiracy is formed to bankrupt the
West and South unless they acquiesce in
Wall street's purpose to reduce the volume
of the people's circulating money to a
point where they can lock it up or let it
out according to its own sweet will.
Verily the seed of Benedict Arnold has in
creased and multiplied to alarming num
bers, but it must not be forgotten that the
people have not yet started on the war
path. The circular letter of this Wall
street concern says the people are "aggress
ive and vociferous," and it will have no
reason to doubt it later on.
RUSSIAN SUPERSTITION
While it may be and doubtless is true
that Russia is destined to be the greatest
and most influential nation in tne world,
next to the United States, the fact is very
apparent that from royalty to peasant
the people are yet dwelling in the shadow
of the superstition of the middle ages.
Every forced departure from, the pre
viously arranged programme of coronation
ceremonies and festivities is held to be a
warning of dreadful things to come. The
more intelligent class felt that the festivi
ties at Moscow the other wees ought, to
be suspended for a day or - two after the
dreadful accident which cost fully 4000
people their lives, but they were afraid to
let a bitch be seen in the gayeties, lest the
populace should conclude that something
even more frightful than the trampling of
thousands of human beings to death would
swoop down upon the nation, and so the
dancing ana merrymaking went on.
It is reported that the young Emperor
is in a state of physical and mental col
capse as a consequence of the great dis
aster coming upon the heels of his corona
tion, which itself left him physically ex
hausted. . He, . too, is superstitious, and
looks into rather than Deyond'the shadows
of events. The man's weakness as well as
his ignorance was made conspicuous when
he ordered that all of $20,000,000 should be
expended in the preparations for his coro
nation, arid yet, on /: the other hand, a
present at his own expense '-. of a \ bag •of
provisions to each of the 500,000 of his
A . ' •/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
poor subjects who came to do him honor
when he was crowned shows the man has
a kind heart. The fact remains, however,
that he was too superstitious to stop the
festivities long enough to bury 4000 men,
women and children who had been killed
while celebrating his elevation to the
throne, ___^____^_
ORGANIZE CLUBS.
Every Republican knows the importance
to the party of local league clubs. For the
most part political clubs are composed of
young men, as they should be, for
the enthusiasm of the younger memberß
of the party, especially of the first
voters, does not subside when facing
extra marching and extra work, and it is
through their energy and determination
that the older members are often kept
active in strengthening the party's lines of
battle. It has been observed for a good
many years that when the young men
of the party organize themselves into
clubs a much larger percentage of the vote
is cast. Somehow they take hold with a
quality of earnestness that inspires every
one to take deep interest in the success of
the party; besides, the burden of leader
ship will soon fall upon them, and the
training they receive in the ciub organiza
tion fits them to plan and execute with far
more accuracy than otherwise would be
the case.
President Kinney of the State League of
Republican Clubs has issued a ringing ad
dress to the members of the party, in which
he clearly points out the advantages that
will accrue to the party if all who possibly
<;an will connect themselves with & club.
The party will soon be in the heat of one
of the most important campaigns in the
history of Republicanism. Failure to carry
the State and the country would be little
less than a calamity to the business enter
prise of every one. It is true the Democrats
are at war one with the other, but they are
queer folks. They are likely to bnry the
hatchet and make a united and desperate
effort to elect their candidates, and to be
prepared for such a contingency our young
men should make haste to organize them
selves into clubs so as to be ready as well
as determined to win a telling victor}' for
the Republican party. Let the victory be
in the nature of the annihilation of Cleve
landism on the one hand and Altgeldi3m
on the other. Let no young Republican
wait to be invited to join a club. Let him
seek out one, and if there be none in his
neighborhood let him organize one. But,
anyway, let every young member of the
party get himself in readiness to enter
the campaign the day after the St. Louis
Convention shall have announced, the
names of the candidates, with a rousing
ratification parade.
THE DEMOCRATIC LIE FACTORY.
It was unnecessary for Terry Heath to
deny that he had given it out that ex.
-i Senator l'Jatt of New York was engaged in
a conspiracy to have anti-McKinley dele
| gates recognized and that $1,000,000 had
been deposited in St. Louis banks to carry
out the financial end of the scheme. The
story is too preposterous for any sensible
I person to think of seriously. Mr. Heath is
j an Ohio man, editor of the Cincinnati
[ Commercial Gazette, and a personal friend
lof Mr. McKinley. He is in St. Louis as
one of the advance agents to look after the
interests of Ohio's favorite son.
All stories of that kind can be run right
back to the Democratic party's syndicate
jof liars. For some weeks the syndicate
j has been very busy manufacturing all kinds
of stories to create trouble in the St. Louis
! convention, but this story of $1,000,000
! having been raised by Mr. Piatt for a cor
j rupting fund is altogether the "thinnest"
that has as yet been circulated. Mr. Platt
and some other leading Republicans rep
resent "favorite sons," and no doubt they
are doing their level best to impress upon
I delegates-elect that Senator Allison, Gov-
I ernor Morton, Senator Quay, Speaker
J Reed or Senator Culloia would make a
j stronger candidate than Mr. McKinley,
j which they have a perfect right to do, but
: to say they have raised a million or more
I dollars to buy up McKinley delegates, or
to "pack" the convention with deleeates
whose title is not quite clear, is to repeat a
monstrous lie and play into the hands of
1 the Democratic party.
The Democracy is all torn up, and every
man is armed with a razor or gun ; never
theless the leaders believe that if they can
foment dissensions in the Republican
| party and thus divert the attention of
i their own rank and file from the war that
is raging between the Cleveland and anti-
Cleveland wings there may be a chance for
j reconciliation at Chicago. Republicans
I will not be caught, however, especially by
such a bald-headed falsehood as the cor
ruption fund story, which is, by the way,
the latest output of the syndicate's lie
factory.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Stanford University paper, the Daily
Palo Alto, has issued a beautiful sixteen-page
commencement edition, containing, among
its pictorial features, two full-page illustra
tions of the Varsity track team and tbe
Varsity baseball team. It Is a creditable pro
duction in every respect. The little daily has
exercised quite an influence at the university
during the past scholastic year.
C. B. Lillie, who for the past twelve years
has been connected with the Visalia Delta, has
severed his relations with that publication in
order that he may engage in business in the
city of Los Angeles.
Fortuna, Humboldt County, is lucky to pos
sess a newspaper so wide-awake and enterpris
ing as the Eel River Valley Advance. Last week
was issued a twelve-page illustratedspecialedi
tion of that publication, containing valuable
historical and descriptive matter relative to
Fortuna and the country around it. Such an
edition cannot fail to be of benefit to the local
ity in which it is printed, and to which it is
bound to attract th» attention of intending
settlers. We heartily coincide with the editor
of the Advance, Leon F. Stinson, that "Although
the financial outcome of this venture may no
be as monumental as could be wished, the pub
lisher has a right to feel that he hnsmadea
fairly creditable showing in behalf of the com
munity in which he lives, and whose interests
and welfare are coequal with his own."
The initial number of the Ashbury Heights
Advocate is at hand. It is a neat little paper,
full of interesting notes relating to an impor
tant and rapidly growing part of San Francis
co, and will oe issued on the 30th of every
mouth.
As one of the fruits of the recant session of
the California Grand Lodge, A. 5. U. W., the
California Workman has appeared. It is an
eight-page monthly, devoted to the interests
of the order, and is edited by John Hoesch,
who has for many years been prominent in
affairs of the fraternity. The paper is replete
with information concerning the grand and
subordinate lodges of this State.
The Williams Transcript has changed hands,
J. T. Brittan retiring from the editorial chair
and J. L. Kennon settling down in the place.
Iv assuming charge of the destinies of the
paper Mr. Kennon serves notice on certain
parties in his community that "no bluffs go,"
and that his "office hours are from 6 a. M. to 6
P. M." He thus concludes his introductory
note: "We feel proud of the fact that we have
always 'toed the mark,' and if there is any
one who has any doubts about it just let him
twist our coat tail once."
A twenty-page edition of the Fullerton
Tribune is a splendid issue. It is typographic
ally perfect, and its half-tone illustrations are
quite up to the standard of magazines. It has
carefully prepared articles descriptive of the
soil, climate and productions of the region
about Fullerton. The Tribune gives ample evi
dence that it is receiving the blessinga or a de
served prosperity.
The San Diego Union says that the residents
of Richland, near San Marcos, are becoming
quite excited over the surface indications of
oil. Some land is being leased for the work,
and according to a correspondent If the "in
side" is as valuable as has been predicted San
Marcos will become what, owing to her climate
and productions of soil, she deserves to be
come—one of the most noted and best-settled
places of all California.
That peat land exists in Southern California
in remarkable quantities is not generally
known, but the Los Angeles Journal says that
such is the case. Last week W. F. Phillips
purchased thirty acres of this land located near
Westminster, in Orange County, for $200 per
acre. At present Mr. Phillips will use the
land for raising vegetables, but if call be had
for fuel peat he will do his best to supply such
demand. There are hundreds of acres of peat
land in the vicinity of this property..
California is alive with opportunities from
one end to the other, only waiting for the hand
of enterprise and industry to take advantage
of them and convert them into money. Here
is an interesting item in illustration from the
Eel River Valley Advance : Over in the Palmer
Creek woods, about a mile from Fortuna as the
crow flies, a telling industry has been carried
on for years, with a steady and almost amaz
ing output. James W. Rowley, a crippled vet
eran of the War of t£e Rebellion and a citizen
that any community might claim with pride,
with his four brave boys, are in a great meas
ure responsible lor the splendid showing
made below. Rowley aud sons commenced
sawing shingles February 3, 1889, and up to
May 20, 1896, had sent 45,000,000 shingles to
market. The timber is taken from the land of
N. Thompson, to whom sturapage is paid. In
1893 father and sons commenced manufactur
ing boxes and up to date have turned out
37,000 apple, cherry, peach, plum and to
mato boxes, to wnlch output fish boxes will be
added. The quiet accomplishments of Mr.
Rowley and sons furnish an example worthy
of emulation by the croakers and mal con
tents with whom we too often come in con*
tact.
Rumors having been afloat recently to the
effect tbat a new railroad was to be built from
Stockton up into the mining region, and that
the work was to begin before the end of the
coming snmmer. The Stockton Mail informs us
that: "It is now said that the road will be con
structed to Jackson, Amador County, and that
the full particulars will be disclosed before
many weeks. The line will be a broad-gauge
stenm railway, and the road will be built as
an adjunct to mining operations in that region.
A general freight business will, of course, be
carried on, but one of the main objects aimed
at is the conveyance of ore to this city, where
it is to be reduced at the works to be put up
for the purpose. The cheap coal which is to
be brought here from Corral Hollow is one of
the main factors making the proposed road
a possibility."
The approximate nearness of Moraga Valley
to Mount Diablo, where manufacturing coal
has been mined for years, lends interest to the
following announcement made by the Contra
Costa (Mfirttnei) Gazette:
George King discovered a vein of coal on the
Kicketts ranch, In the Moraga Valley, about
twelve miles from Oakland, while fishing last
week. He was on the banks of a small stream
•nd found the vein cropping out along the hills for
about 500 feet, and also found it cropping out on
the other side of the hill on Antoue Noon's and
other ranches. It is about three feet thick and of
very goo l quality. Some of the coal was taken to
Oakland aud found to burn well. It Is now be
lieved that the entire country between Moraga
Valley and Corral Hollow is one vast coal field.
As though this discovery were not sufficient
our exchange announces the following in ad-
dition:
in the sama locality, Gns Williams of Oakland
discovered a deposit of excellent potter's clay. A
sample was shown to the managers of the Oakland
Pottery Works, who pronounced it the finest clay
in the country. They pay $10 per ton for the clay
they bow use, and say tbat if (he find in Moraga is
of suflicient quantity and the coal In the vicinity
abundant they will move their works to Contra
Co.ua County. Thpse discoveries will no doubt
prove of great value to this county.
Gradually a systematized condition of af
fairs is being brought out of the excitement
ana bustle attending the development of the
oil industry in Southern California. From an
exhaustive review of the situation made by
the Los Angeles Times the following extracts
are taken:
Eaca day brings evidence of continued Improve
ment iv the petroleum market. Less than ninety
cluys a?o oil w.i* being sold at the oil tanks in the
Los Angelas Held at as low price as 'ib cents per bar
rel. To-<iay Mlea are b<-lri3 made at 70 cents per bar
rel at the weiis. Uuilng the last few days producers
hßve even refused to ent'r into contracts for long
peiiods at the latter pric?. I.&Ht Kr.ilay the Oil
Kxehauge sold 500 barrels aboard caw at 87V3
cents per barrel, being 'iy% cent* per barrel in
crease over the Exchange's quotation of advanced
rates, agreed upon in executive session less than
two weeks ago.
Anuth.r advance Is imminent, but will not be
made untfl the oil bark Knoch Talbot lias taken
hi-r < a-go. the Is now lending and has already
taken in over 7000 barrels, under contract 10 the
Arctic Oil Works of San Francisco. The Exchange
Intended to pin 9000 barrels Into her this trip, but
this amount will probably be increased to 10, (WO
barrels.
Messrs. Jlartln and Burns informed a r< porter
of the Times yesterday tliat the market was show
ing very gnat improvement, the consumption at
the present time exceeding the production.
The work of developing the oil stores of
Fresno County is progressing steadily, and
now comes the San Diego Sun with the an-
nouncement of another important discovery:
After several weeks' delay in lining and gener
ally fixing up the oil prospecting well at Ocean
Beach work on boring deeper wl 1 be resumed in a
few days. A large piece of sba c taken from the
bottom of the shaft yesterday, which has now
reacbed a depth of COO feet, contains a liberal per
centage of asphaltum. The presence of this bub
stance is a positive indication that a body of oil
has exisied in that vicinity at some lime, and of
course may be accepted as encouraging the belief
thai it may yet be found. In the boiingj that
have been taken from the shaft from the 800-foot
depth the most encouraging indications of oil have
been found, and while those Interested are par
ticularly secretive as to the result of their investi
gations no far the fact that they have gone to a
great expense in putting the shaft into perfect
order after reaching a depth of 900 feet shows that
they have been encouraged by their prospects.
The presence of a large flow of water has occa
sioned considerable expense, and now that the
work of casing in the well to its entire depth has
been a! most completed the work of boring will be
resumed and if necessary ccntinued to a depth of
at least 1500 feet.
The fortunes of Arizona are closely linked
with those of California, and hence it is in
structive to find the following in the Yuma
Advertiser:
It is an erroneous idea that the land lying south
of Yuma known as the Olgodones grant is all the
available land in this section of the country.
By traveling about ten miles north of Yuma on
the Colorado Klver one can find in Northwestern
San Diego County the finest kind of a location for
a small colony of industrious people who would
make agricu lure their business.
Still further up the river, say about five miles,
near a steamboat Uncling called Mortons Landing,
there is a tract of line level land of 3000 acres.
This Is Government land and can only be taken
up Id small tracts, hence the feasibility of a colo
nization scheme. It Is desert Und, sparsely cov
ered with arrow weeds and meaquite, but being
nearly level can easily be prepared for cultivation.
The whole traci is crossed by the Ehrenbnrg stage
line, and settlers would not feel Isolated, being
thus able to get mail semi-weekly. Miners would
rejoice to see ranches In this section, as it would
obviate the necessity for coming to Yumatoget
supplies. This land is bordered on the north and
west by the Colorado River. The soil is rich, and
It is lefc for man's ingenuity alone to spread water
over these plains and make them with compara
tively little labor produce the wonderful crops of
which our neighbor state, California, lying just
across the river, is so proud.
The Del Norte (Crescent City) Record is urg
ing its people to hold an agricultural fair, In
spite of the fact that the appropriation by the
last Legislature for such exhibitions was
stricken out by the Governor. As its argu
ment is instructive and is applicable to most
ether parts of the State, it should be restated
here. Our contemporary notes the favorable
action by its Board of Supervisors on the ap
plication of leading citizens for an appropria
tion of $500 toward the fair, and then, speak
ing of the Governor's adverse action on the
legislative appropriation, says:
Who would have had to provide this additional
$90,000 appropriation, had the Governor allowed
the bill in full ? We answer; The very ones who
were advocating and anxious for this appropria
tion would have had to pay at least 85 per cent of
the amount. Had this agricultural appropriation
bill not met with the Governor's veto, Del Norte
taxpayers would have had to contribute their pro
portion of the amount, and It would have cost
them, indirectly, more than $500 direct appropria
tion, which the Supervisors have assured the Del
None Agricultural Association.
By the closest possible calculation this little ap
propriation will cost the man who pays taxes on
$100 worth of property just 2y a cents; the man
who pays taxes on $1000 worth of property, 25
cents, and the man who pays taxes on $1000
worth of property, $1.
PERSONAL.
Judge William H. King of Salt Lake City is
here.
Dr. S. B. Davis of Stockton is a guest at the
Grand.
H. S. Reed la at the California from Spring
field, iv.
F. D. Albee, a farmer at Point Arena, Is at
the Russ.
Mnx (i und lock, the Bakers field banker, is at
the Lick.
C. W. Clough of Chico Is a guest at the Cos
mopolitan.
Charles Perry Austin of San Rafael is at the
Occidental.
W. L. Fleming of Simpson, W. Va., Is staying
at the Rues.
Watson H. Wyman of Coronado la a recent
arrival at the Palace.
C. M. Heintz, editor of a German newspaper
at Los Angeles, is in town.
E. Morgan, a hotel man of Los Angeles, Is
staying at the Cosmopolitan.
G. E. Stiekl, a merchant of Angels Camp, ar
rived at the Grand yesterday.
T. Townsend, a rancher of Salem, Or., is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
T. B. Bunting, who owns a ranch near Santa
Cruz, is staying at the Occidental.
Sam Alexander, a merchant of Fresno, is in
town and has a room at the Lick.
Charles F. More, an orchardist of Niles, is
registered at the Russ with his wife.
John Gray, foreman of a mine at Hedge.,
Colo., arrived at the Rusa yesterday.
J. J. Tierney, a mining man of Cordelia, is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
State Senator John B. Allen of Washington
is at the Palace, registered from Seattle.
8. W. Young, an instructor in chemistry at
Stanford University, is at the California.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacramento, is
among last night'B arrivals at the Grand.
Nat C. Goodwin Jr., the actor and theatrical
man of New York, is a guest of the Palace.
H. E. Crook, a wealthy dry-goods man of New
York, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Astronomer W. J. Hussey is down from
Mount Hamilton and is staying at the Lick.
J. Gerraghty. a wealthy real estate owner of
Los Angeles, Is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
C. B. Badeau, a merchant of New York City,
is making the California his temporary head
quarters.
N. Wines, proprietor of a stage line between
Santa Barbara and Las Olivas, arrived at the
Grand last night
E. W. Monkhouse and W. S. Simpson of Lon
don, Eng., two wealthy tourists, arrived at the
Palace last night.
W. W. Douglas, Deputy State Controller,
came yesterday from Sacramento and took a
room at the Grand.
Dr. G. W. Woods, director-general of the
navy medical department at Mare Island, is a
guest of the California.
Elr Kenneth W. .Cumming of Sydney, Aus
tralia, has returned to the Occidental after a
few days in the country.
Mrs. J. G. Kittle, widow of the well-known
local millionaire, returned last night to the
Palace after an extended trip through the
Eastern States.
Edgar M. Sheehan, a young journalist of
Sacramento, is at the Occidental with his
bride, having returned from a wedding trip
through the southern part of the State.
Professor R. E. Allerdice, formerly of Edin
burgh University, Scotland, but latterly of the
department of mathematics at Stanford Uni
versity, is at the California for a few days pre
paratory to taking a summer outing in the
mountains. Professor Allerdice prides him
self on being one of the few remaining mem-
Ders of the once formidable faculty bachelor
club at Palo Alto.
AT WHIST.
Across the polished table there
I see her sitting now; her hair,
Her eyes, her dainty fingers, too,
Just as in years agone 1 knew
My partner.
I led a heart— l think the king-
It passed around the silent ring.
And though It was the best one out,
ohe paused a moment, half in doubt,
Then trumped It.
"Ob ! partner, tbat was the command,"
Mie said, wiii-n she had played the hand;
Then wrinkling up her pretty brow,
••You will forgive me, won't you, now,
JTor trumping?"
Another night, remembered well,
We sat wh re mooncast shadows fell.
No polished marble lay between,
Tbe tree boughs made a waving screen
Above her.
We talked of other things than whist;
1 strove her fancy to enlist
With all a lover's gentle art,
And once again 1 led my heart,
Unguarded.
I led a heart again, my last:
When round to her the trick had passed
She thought it not the best one out,
She paused a moment, half in doubt,
Then trumped it.
This time no pleading glance I caught,
No tremblinz lips forgiveness sought,
No eyes with lashi s drooping wet,
Told me my partner did regret
To trump it.
—Philadelphia Telegraph.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Mr. Cleveland will leave the White House a
rich man, but no poor man is the richer fot his
second term. — St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
"I have used the Hanna mouth-stopper one
whole week and can cheerfully recommend it
to my friends."— M. S. Quay.— Washington Post.
The Senator from Colorado wants the United
States Government to do a banking business
on a silver basis, and he be the Teller.^-Cleve
land World.
Tbe Democrats are Baying very little about
the tariff this year. In fact, if there is one
thing which needs protection more than an
other it is the Democratic party. — Manchester
Mirror and American.
It won't do to bank too much on the Ver
mont Democracy's sound money stand. Ver
mont Democracy cuts mighty little ice in a
National convention — or anywhere else, for
that matter.— Lowell Courier.
If there is any Republican in authority in
New York so injudicious as to say that McKin
ley or any one else could not carry the State if
nominated he ought to be disciplined by his
own organization.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
President McKinley ana the Congress to be
elected with him will be for the gold standard
with the largest use of silver consistent with
that standard, the silver to be maintained at
par with gold, according to the pledge of the
National honor and the parity clause of the
act of 1890.— Chicago Times-Herald.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
There are renewed rumors in London of
Embassador Bayard's retirement from the
Court of St. James.
The late John Stetson recently remarked:
"There are more men who are fools in Boston
than there are men."
It is probable that Queen Victoria will give
a garden party in the grounds of Bucking
ham Palace ia July, a day or two before the
royal wedding.
The late Baron Hirsch received an average
of 400 begging letters a day, and never read
them, though, he gave away in a single year as
much as $15,000,000.
Though Sir Michael Hicks-Beach is a non
smoker and a disbeliever ia tbe weed, the
Cabinet has a large majority of smokers. The
Chancellor's companions in abstinence are
Lord Salisbury, the Lord Chancellor, Arthur
Balfour and Mr. Chaplin, who are all innocent
of tobacco.
Marshal Frey of the Baltimore police depart
ment, has been in the service of the city for
thirty years and has had two week's vacation
in that time.
81r Arthur Sullivan's full name is Arthur
Seymour Sullivan. To avoid the unfortunate
combination of initials the second name has
been discreetly dropped.
Prince Christian of Denmark, eldest son of
the Crown Prince and ulimate heir to the
throne, is engaged to the Princess Pauline,
only child of the King of Wurtemberg.
Prince Bismarck is to have another statue.
This time it is at Leipsic. The city has com
missioned Sculptor Lehnart to execute it, and
the municipality has selected a site near the
park.
Kaiser Wilhelm stopped at Frankfort for a
few hours for the celebration of the anniver
sary of the treaty of peace, and within three
days there were forty arrests for lesemsjeste in
the town.
Theodore Mommsen, the historian, has been
spending some time in Florence. A reception
in his honor was recently given by the citi
zens, at which he received a deputation from
the University of Pisa.
The Empress Elizabeth Is responsible for the
fact that tha society women of Austria are
highly enthusiastic over the sport of steeple
chasing. They are all riding and looking ex
ceptionally well in the saddle.
"Our finest English historian in paint, as he
has been in black and white"— that is what a
London critic calls the American artist, Edwin
Abbey. Mr. Abbey's picture of Richard Crook
back and the Princess Anne has captured Lon
don.
It is not generally known that the reigning
German Empress is an ardent follower of the
Photographic art. In summer hardly a day
passes without her Majesty having added to
her collection, and she never travels without
her camera.
It has been proposed to erect a new church
at Taunton, England, as a memorial of Arch
deacon Denison. The scheme is estimated to
cost about £60,000, and already the movement
has gained the suppori of several influential
people, including Mr. Gladstone.
Andrew Lang says: "A difference in taste In
books, when it is decided and vigorous, breaks
many a possible friendship." He indicates
the passport to his favcr by telling us that "He
or she who condemns Scott and cannot read
Dickens is a person with whom I would fain
have no further converse."
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
He can't pay bis board, for bis star of success
Beneath the horizon has sunk:
He's an elephant now on his landlady's hands,
And that's why she's holding his trunk.
— Denville Chronicle.
Aunt— Why did you stare at that gentleman
so rudely, Ethel?
Little Ethel— Oh, he's adreffulman; he never
goes to church or nothing. I heard father iay
he was an acrostic— Judy.
Applicant — I understand, madame, that you
desire to employ the services of a chaperon for
your daughter.
Mrs. Croesus— Yes; I do. Can you ride a
bicycle?— Somerville Journal.
Mrs. Colonial Dame— l am proud to say that
my grandfather made his mark in the world.
Mrs. Rev. Lution — Well, I guess he wasn't
the only man in those days who couldn't write
his name.— New York Herald.
Miss Antique (coyly)— Dear me! I wonder
who that elderly gentleman is who has been
following me about all evening?
Mrs. Flatly— That is Professor Sniggins, the
celebrated antiquarian. — Puck.
Mistress of tbe House (taking her girl to
task)— Bridget, I am afraid you have broken
your word.
Bridget (absent-mindedly) — Shure, ma'am, it
must have been the cat.— Yonkers Statesman.
Be prided himself on speaking twelve tongues;
He cound trace to its roots any word you might
name:
But he read, twice through, a baseball report,
And couldn't tell what they did in the game!
— Chicago Record.
Josiah— Here's a sketch of Dr. Powderpill in
the Shady Valley Echo. It says he has a big
library, and tbat he's a regular bibliomaniac.
Maria— Well, now, that ain't sot I know he
don't go to church very much ; but he believes
in the Bible, for he tola me so himself.— Fuck.
"There is something about your style of
writing, Miss Urleigh," remarked the literary
editor, "that reminds me strongly of Joaquin
Miller."
"indeed," exclaimed the young woman,
highly pleased.
"Yes; I have to hire an expert to decipher
it."— Chicago Tribune.
"I don't see how you design all those lovely
suits for little boys," gushed tbe enthusiastic
woman."
"It is easy enough," said the ladies' and
children's tailor. "I try them on my own boy.
If the suit makes him utterly miserable I know
I have scored another success with the moth*
ers."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
She smiled at me as she swiftly passed,
Over the handle bar;
That sunny .-.mile was the maiden's lastf
Over the handle bar;
Sne carromed bard on a cobblestone.
She took a header she couldn't postpone—
Her twinkling heels in the moonlight shone
Over the handle bar.
—Cleveland Post.
A Continuous Performance.— "You remember
when I proposed to you?" said the young hus
band.
"I believe I do recollect something of the
lort," answered the young wife.
"And you told me I would have to see your
mother."
"Yes."
"I must have misunderstood yon. I never
dreamed that it was the programme that I
should see your mother every day I came
home." — Indianapolis Journal.
A HOUSE GOWN.
A house gown of crepon is shown here. It Is
fitted, having the usual back and side forms,
the under arm being cut ia two with the front,
The lining hooks in front center, the left side
being partly gored with the goods, which
hangs loose below the waist line, showing a
bit of contrasting goods which appear like an
under skirt, being sewed to the lining. The
1 ft d° nt B ° V6r aDd fastens invisibly on
Challia are much liked for such gowns, and
many in fine batiste and lawn are seen, es
pecially in Dresden figures on a flax-colored
ground, with lining of plain bright colored
Handsome gowns are of silk, in Dresden pat
terns, stripes and checks. .-^.
Mohair, in light shades, Is much liked, and
s trimmed with Ircb or chiffon.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
To the Farallones— o. T. P., City. The dis
tance from the lighthouse at Fort Point to the
one on the Farallones is twenty-five and a half
miles.
The Flood Building— P. and G., City. The
Flood Building has, since 1887, when it was
erected, always been known by that name, and
never by anotner name.
The Flag— G. W. F., City. There is no law
of the United Statea that prevents a person
from using the American flag for advertising
purposes, but public sentiment is against such
a desecration of the stars and stripes.
Medical— Veritas, City. For information
about the conditions imposed on a graduate
of an eclectic medical college who desires to
practice in Victoria, B. C, you will have to
write to the secretary of the Board of Health
of that city.
Musician's Pay— o. T. P., City. The pay of a
musician in the United States army is $13 per
month for the first year, the same the second
year, and after that an increase of $1 per
month until the maximum is reached, $16.
In the navy, musicians of the first class are
paid $32 per month and those of the second
class $30.
Vessel's Names— Napa, Ca,L Tne law prohib-.
iting the changing of the name of United States
vessels carrying passengers was passed by Con
gress May 5, 1804, aud went into effect sixty
days after. Subsequently a law was passed au
thorizing the change of the name of a vessel
under certain conditions and permission of
the authorities.
Salvation Army— S. P., city. There are sev
enteen training garrisons for soldiers of the
Salvation Army iv this country , seven for men
and ten for women. There is none in Denver,
Colo. The seventeen are located as follows : For
men— ln Oakland, Seattle, New York, Chicago
and St. Louis. For women— ln San Francisco,
New York, Newark (N. J.), Brooklyn (N. V).,
Hoboken, Chicago, St. Louis and Cincinnati.
DEPEW AND THURSTON.
Bt. Louis Globe-Democrat.
John M. Thurston of Nebraska is another ol
the new Senators sent as a delegate to the Na
tional Convention. Eight years ago Mr. Thurs
ton was a delegate to the Chicago convention.
He was temporary chairman also. He attended
a dinner wliich Chauncey M. Depew gave to
certain Western delegates. Mr. Depew was
playing a brief engagement as tbe candidate
Of New York for the Presidency. At the close
of the dinner Mr. Depew asßed Mr. Thurston;
"How many votes will I get in Nebraska?"
"Not one," replied Mr. Thurston, candidly.
"How many delegates are there from Ne
braska?" asked Mr. Depew.
"Twelve," replied Mr. Thurston.
"How many railroad lawyers are there on
the Nebraska delegation?" asked Mr. Depew.
"Twelve," said Mr. Thurston.
"Then what do you mean by laying I can't
get any votes from Nebraska?" asked Mr.
Depew.
"i mean," said Mr. Thurston, "we'll be so
busy explaining our own records to the people
this fall that we won't have any time to ex
plain yours."
Mr. Depew pursued the inquiry no further.
EXCURSION TO GLEN ELLEN.
Five Hundred People Visit the Warm
Belt of Sonoma County.
Over five hundred people went on Locke's
excursion over the San Francisco and
North Pacific road to Glen Ellen and
vicinity yesterday and had a most enjoy
able time. The train left early in the
morning, and when Sonoma was reached,
stopped for an hour, giving all an oppor
tunity to visit the quaint old town. The
next stop wa3 at Aqua Caliente, where
the train lay up for nearly two hoars.
The excursionists roamed over the bills,
and took headers in the pool of clear
warm water.
At about 1 o'clock the train reached
Glen Ellen and remained until 5 o'clock.
Ample time was thus afforded all to roam
over the hills andrish in the cool mountain
stream. The day was perfect, and nothing
happened to mar the pleasure of the ex
cursionists from the time they left in the
morning until they returned to the City at
7:30 in the evening.
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend' s. •
California glace fruits, 50a lb. Townsend's.*
• — ♦ »
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
What is a poor man to do? If he does not
laugh at a friend's jokes his friend is disgusted,
and if he does laugh his friend tells another
joke.— Atchison Globe.
867.50— Special Train— B67.so. Kepub-
llcan Convention at St. Louis.
Leaves San Francisco Thursday, June 11, at 10
a. if. via Salt Lake City-Denver, thence Burling
ton route. The entire California and Nevada dele
gations have accommodations on this trt-.in. Rate
to 8U Louis and return, $67 60. BertDs for this
train must be secured at office of Burli ngton route,
32 Montgomery st.
* — . • — •
St. Louis Convention
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets r«
tnrnißg via St. Paul and the Northern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
«—« — ♦ — •
"Mrs. Winglow'B Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tbe Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and asic
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 280 a bocclai
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from tbe mist* com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by stssra
ship, Including fifteen days' board at tha Hotel iat
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
*>ew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
A Parsee acred fire which is burning in
s temple at Leigiguil, Persia, is known to
have not been extinguished since thedaya
of Rapberetb, who lived twelve centuries
ago.
NEW TO-DAT.
Mm Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated. '.'
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish, :
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchtrs.
3 table tumblers, butter dish.
Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls, •
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Eaoh Pound.
5O C TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder.
AT
Great Americaii Imp onin£ Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market at. : M 6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission •** aiB Third Bt.
140 Sixth «t. aooS Fillmore sU
61 7 i< a , l ? St. 963 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3 006 Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3359 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington at. 616 B. Twelfth St.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Atameda.MONDAY JUft'E 8, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
J?Ai.MvrN Thkatkr.— "ln Mizzoura." to-night.
rotrMBTA Thicater— "Brother John."
Noforco's Opkba-Hou6k— '.'Brother Against
Brother. ' *
Tivoi.i Opeka-Housx.— "Lorraine."
Orphkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
>!KTRoroi.iTAX Tkmplk.—" Miss Jerry," this
evening.
llAcroNorow Thkatib (Oakland) — "The
School for Scandal. ' to-morrow evening.
Svtbo Cokky Iblakb— Bathing and Perform-
snees.
t-HooTTHK Chitfs— Daily at Haight street, one
tjock cast of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey CLrn.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Buuivas & Doylk— This day, Jane 8,
fcOTges, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Vmbskx * Co.— This day, June 8,
Fe»»l Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
«i 12 o'clock noon.
By S. Basch— This day (Monday), Furniture,
at salesroom, 319 Putter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
The Electrical Workers held their second an
nual outing at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry preached his final ser
mon in this City last" night at the First Baptist
Church.
The Iroquois Club enjoyed a picnic to San
Jose yesterday, whereat some interesting poli
tics developed.
Reliance won the coursing stake at Ocean
View and White Chief the big event at Ocean
View yesterday.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry lectured at Metropolitan
Temple yesterday, taking: as his subject, "Is
I'atriotls'm Petering Out 1 .' 1
Several marksmen at Shell Mound tried a big
white center target for fine rifle and pistol
shooting with good results.
Professional baseball was seen in this City for
the first time in a year yesterday. Tne Pacifies
beat the Californias 17 to 10.
The r°°lrooms which were driven out
Sausalito about two years ago will return to
business during the comine week.
The executive committee of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate has adopted a dazzling pro
gramme of one week's lestivities.
L. M. Sayford, the colored evangelist, ad
drc.-:M.-a a meeting at the Young Meiis' Chris
tian Association yesterday afternoon.
Mr?. I.illie Swanson of 873 Folsom street, in
a (it of jealousy, committed suicide last night
by swallowing a dose of carbolic acid.
Ihe cricket games yesterday resulted in a
■win for the Bohemians over the Pacifies and a
draw between California and Alameda.
Local Forecast Official McAdie leaves for the
San Joaquin Valley to-day to arrange for the
placing ot river-gaufie stations along the south
ern rivers.
James Crowley, 17 years of age, was arrested
yesterday for stabbing John Kane, 21 years of
age, during a fight Saturday nightat Buchanan
and Unionstreets.
Harry Morosco, the theatrical manager, had
fi runaway on Market street yesterday'after
noon, but" escaped unhurt after an exciting
dash of live blocks.
Coast Champion Riordan and J. C. Nealon
again defeated Amateur Champion Donnelly
and T.F. Bonnet ftt the San Francisco hand
call court yesterday.
Henry Llnthal , a pioneer fireman of the Old
Volunteer company, died at the French hospi
tal June 5. His funeral will be held to-day at
320 Montgomery street.
Poison has been discovered in the stomach of
Miss Moyne Worrul, who died at the Palace
Hotel on Saturday last. It is thought possible
that she committed suicide.
The res-idence of Martin Schneider, ghirt
makor, 330 Hayes street, wps entered by
burglars i-aturday night and $15 and several
articu's of jewelry were stoleu.
Fred Belasco said yesterday that his brother
David well earned the compensation for
which he has sued for the labor he expended
in making Mrs. Leslie Carter a star.
James Hunter was arrested by the Harbor
police yesterday on suspicion of being one of a
gang oi pickpockets that have been working
Sunday piciuc crowds at the ferry landings.
Rev. John Hemphill, pastor of Calvary Pres
byterian Church, has gone on a vacation. Dur
ing his absence his pulpit will be filled by
Pastor William L. Birch, late of Manchester,
England.
Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman will not have to go
to jail, as ordered by Coroner Hawkins, will
sue the Corouer for $75,000 damages, and
charges that the Coroner's office is run by
the railroad octopus in its own interest.
Children's mission day was observed in all
the Christian churches in the City yesterday.
At the West Side Church, on Bush street, ad
dresses in the costumes of foreign nationali
ties were made by persons from the mission
(schools.
The Valley road directors say that there are
fewer obstacles in the Visalia route extension
from Fresno to Bakersfield than there are on
the Hanford route. They are ready to build on
either line as soon as all the rights of way are
obtained.
The Woman's State Federation will petition
the Supervisors to provide a House of Deten
tion for Women, and they want a woman phy
sician at the Receiving Hospital, and an
amendment to the truant school law, fixing a
punishment.
Yesterday the bark Dashing Wave, the bark
entine Retriever and the schooner W. F. Jew
ett started for Puget Sound. The three ves
sels wiil race for their common destination,
and doubtless there will be some fast coast
records broken. *
The Reliance Gun Club opened its new
grounds yesterday at tbe south end of the
Webster-street bridge. Oukland. This is the
latest club to enter the fit-id of legitimate
sports in this section, and its members are
among the best trap-shooters in the country.
Its O(>ening shoot was well attended and a
larze number of prizes were distributed.
Champion James J. Corbett acceded yester
day to nearly every condition made by Sailor
Sharkcy. He will"tii<tit him four rounds, but
insisted that the referee give a decision accord
ing tv the best work, and to the man In tho
best condition after the bout. Corbett will not
allow the affair to be called a draw simply be
cuu?e .^harkey may be able to stand on tiis feet
after the fourth round.
MOROSCO HAD A RUNAWAY.
Stopped Hit Team After a Five Blocks'
Dash Down Market Street.
Harry Morosco, the theatrical business
manager, created an unintentional sensa
tion on Market street about 4:30 o'clock yes
terday afternoon in his efforts to control
his runaway team.
He was out driving in a very light little
open buggy behind a pair of large,
spirited black horses. Near the junction
of Powell and Market streets one of the
horses slipped on the cobbles and fell, but
jumped up quickly and started to run, his
mate responding to the same fright
Down Market the team tore in a wild
run, and the pedestrians, expecting a
frightful smashup as the little buggy
swung threateningly from side to side over
the rough cobbles, fell in behind the runa
way and hurried after it in a constantly
increasing procession.
At the junction of Battery and Market
Mr. Morosco succeeded m stopping the
horses aiter they had run five blocks on
WE W TO-DAY.
MySre
FOR
PIMPLES
IS
¥$OAP*
It Is so because it strikes at the caute 01
the Clogged, Irritated, Inflamed, Sluggish, 01
Ooeruioried POKE.
Bold throughout the world. Pott** Dboo ait» Ch«m- >
ioal Coßi-oiATroH, Sole Proprietor*. Boston.
or " How to Prevent Pimple*," 64 ptgei, illu»., fret. ■
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT.
Three Vessels Are Racing
From This Port to
the Sound.
VISITING TEE WARSHIPS
How the Rival Tugs Overreach
Each Other for the Sun
day Passengers.
AFTER PICNIC PICKPOCKETS.
An Italian Fishing-Boat Capsized— The
Bark Holliswood on the
Drydock.
Three vessels started on a coast race be
tween this port and Puget Sound yesterday
morning. They were the bark Dashing
Wave, barken tine Retriever and the
schooner W. F. Jewett. The Retriever is
a fast craft and the Jew«tt is known to be
a sea-scorcher. The Dashing Wave is an
old bark that has lived long enough to
have outlived her usefulness, but she can
go and will show her old rusty heels to a
younger ship on the least provocation. So
there will be considerable cracking on sail
and straining of braces to pull into the
Sound first.
Sunday visitors to the war vessels in the
harbor appear to increase in numbers, and
yesterday several hundred persons went
out to the Philadelphia.
Two rival tugs, tue Belvedere and the
Ethel and Marion, made regular trips
from the slip near Washington-street
wharf until the Stockton steamer Mary
Garratt came in and her huee hulk filled
up the tug's landing place at the side of
the float. Dominick Conn of tne Ethel
and Marion hastened to find a new place
where he could taue aboard his passengers ;
then thinking there was no other landing
space for his rival, notified the harbor
police officer that the other boat was using
, the front of the float, which tugs are not
permitted to do.
The scheme worked well and the Belve
dere was ordered away. But her captain
appealed to the mate of the Garratt and
succeeded in having the big steamer
backed sufficiently to let the Belvedere,
which is a little craft, squeeze into a land
ing. The other and larger beat could not
do so and was obliged to go out of busi
ness, leaving the small craft to scoop the
traffic.
Since the picnic season began a gang of
pickpockets have been slipping the light
fantastic finger among other people's val
uables, and the harbor police have been
putting in the Sunday mornings and even
ings camping on their trails.
Yesterday morning Officer Shaw arrested
James Hunter, who is said to be one of the
gentry. He was not caught in the act of
robbery, but not being able to satisfacto
rily explain his object for being there he
was taken in on a charge of vagrancy. The
officers intend to arrest every idle and dis
reputable character found around the pic
nic crowds.
The American bark Holliswood is on the
drydock getting recalked and repaired
for a trip to the Sound, where she will
load lumber for the western South Ameri
can coast.
The Italian fishing-boat Vedrima cap
sized yesterday on the bar at the entrance
to the harbor. The two men clung to
their overturned craft and were fortu
nately rescued by the steamer Weeott,
which was coming into port.
ONE WEEK OF CARNIVAL
The Executive Committee An
nounces the Programme
to Be Adopted.
Generous Subscriptions Have Been
Promised by Many Whole
sale Houses,
A date for the festivities of carnival week
was selected at an executive meeting of
the committee held at headquarters yester
day afternoon. Until certain contracts are
closed the exact date will not be an
nounced.
When the executive committee meets
this afternoon the following programme
will be adopted:
Monday morning— Arrival of King Carnival,
accompanied by the Queen of California and
the Queen of San Francisco, with a grand mili
tary escort of regulars, National Guard, inde
pendent companies. Grand Army of the Re
public, League of the Cross, Boys' brigade and
naval battalion.
Monday afternoon— Sham battle between
land and marine forces, winding up with
grand entree of battle-ships, steamers, tugs,
yachts, etc.
Monday evening— Grand reception of the
King and Queen at Mechanics' Pavilion:
grand promenade concert and ball; carnival
night, burlesque military parade with King
Carnival In military attire; grand illumina
tion of public and private buildings.
Tuesday morninjr, California day— Queen of
California with court, accompanied by sub
jects, military, civic ana fraternal societies;
Native Sons of the Golden West as special es
corts of the Queen, depicting characters of the
early historj' of California; grand display of
floats, for which prizes will be given; Crown
ing of the Queen of California by his Excel
lency the Governor.
Tuesday evening— Grand electrical and other
illuminations at Golden Gate Park, and a
monster vocal and instrumental concert.
Wednesday morning, San Francisco day —
Queen of San Francisco with court; parade of
floats, showing the industries 01 San Francisco.
Wednesday afternoon— Grand concert of 100
brass instruments at Golden Gate Park; pa
rade of wheelmen; Olympian games.
Wednesday evening— Grand electrical car
nival.
Thursday morning— Parade, reception and
coronation of the Queen by school children;
singing of patriotic songs and other patriotic
exercises.
Thursday afternoon — Chrysanthemum fiesta;
the Queen of San Fraucisco, accompanied by
her court, in decorated floats and carriages;
grand chorals and musical exercises.
Thursday evening — Illuminated bicycle
parade.
Friday morning— Labor day. Carnival as
the apotheosis of labor, with floats depicting
trie growth of San Francisco from a village to
the queen City oi the Pacific Coast.
Friday afternoon— Regatta, rowing and sail
ing. Grand naval pageant consisting of United
States men-of-war and other vessels.
Friday evening— Grand illumination of the
waters of tbe bay. Illumination of the ship
ping in the harbor. Grand carnival ban.
Saturday morning— Carnival of foreign
nations, depicting epochs and heroes con
nected with their history, with appropriate
costumes.
Saturday afternoon— Parade of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department, with engines and other
apparatus. Firemen's queen with retinue.
Saturday eveninjc— Grand pageant of illumi
nated allegorical floats. King Misrule de
thrones the Queen of San Francisco and takes
possession Of the City, and with his court
holds sway throughout the evening. Grand
carnival ball. . ,„ .
All parades in the daytime will be confined
to Market street and Van Ness avenue, where
seat* will be erected to view the processions.
All parades at night to be through the down
town streets.
Several members of the finance commit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
tee have interviewed some of the largest
business establishments of tbe City, and a
large amount has already been promised.
This money the donors said would be
available as soon as the programme would
be announced. Chairman Soule has noti
fied the members of the finance committee
to meet the executive committee this aft
ernoon, so as to arrange for districting the
City.
The Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association has appointed Ben Schloss, A.
F. Wheaton and B. B. Galland as a com
mittee to arrange a series of typical feat
ures in all the parades in which they will
participate. Secretary Boldemann has
been instructed to hurry up the commit
tee on carnival buttons, so the travelers
can advertise the carnival throughout the
State.
CONVALESCENT OFFICERS.
Commanders in the Police Department
Who Are on the Sick List.
Several of the men connected with the
Police Department have been "under the
weather" lately, suffering from various
causes, all of sufficient graveness to con
fine them to their beds.
The first to vacate his desk was Captain
L. H. Kobinson ot the Central station,
who has charge of the City Prison. This
official was compelled to hang up his uni
form and don a comfortable house wrap
per instead. His ailment was that of a
monster carbuncle, which took possession
of his neck and made him feel miserable.
The next to yield to home and medical
treatment was lieutenant Fred L. Esolua
of the California-street station. His mal
ady was pronounced nervous prostration,
superinduced by overwork and general
anxiety for the welfare of his men. He is
now at the springs.
The last to report off was Lieutenant
Daniel Hanna of the Southern station.
His ailment was an attack of pneumonia,
which at one time threatened to be seri
ous, but medical attendance and good
nursing have succeeded in bringing him
out of his illness.
The three popular officers are convales
cent and may be seen harnessed to duty
in the course of a week or so.
THE PARK MUSEUM ANNEX
Changes That Are to Be Made in
the Display of the Many
Exhibits.
The Attractions of Su'roville by the
Beach— An Actor Who Wants to
Soar— Fall of the Bastile.
The work on the annex to the museum
in Golden Gate Park is progressing rap
idly, and it will not be many weeks before
it is thrown open to the public. Commis
sioner Scott was in consultation with
Curator Wbilcomb yesterday several hours
on the subject of arrangements in the
annex and changes in the main building.
"Mr. Scott," »aid the curator, "has taken
away a number of plans for cases and will
cct estimates on them. There will be
fifty-six new cases, and possibly more may
be needed. The annex will be divided
into departments, the partitions not to be
more than twelve feet in height. The
aim or- room will be transferred to the
annex, and all the displays will be under
glass, and the present armor-room will be
used for the exhibition of wrought-iron
curios. There will be a picture gallery in
the southwest corner of the annex, and ad
joining that the educational room, con
taining many objects of use to students.
The upper gallery of the main building
will be cleared of all exhibits except those
appertaining to natural history. The
others will be transferred to the* annex,
ami one of these, the products of the
State, will be kept up by the State Board of
Trade. In the annex there will also be the
mineral exhibits. Then there will be an
antique room of my personal collection of
colonial antiquities."
During the week the Grant Memorial
Committee has placed in position a new
granite base on wnich will rest the
pedestal that is to bear the bust of the
hero of Appomattox Courthouse.
The workmen of the pane are at present
engaged in putting the new bicycle track
in order, and it is expected that it will be
in condition for use by the middle of July.
Superintendent McLaren has recovered
from his illness and is again on duty.
The park police have been instructed to
keep a sharp lookout for fires, as at this
time the grass is drying and there is dan
ger that careless persons might set it on
fire and destroy a great many of the trees.
The following contributions to the
museum were received during the past
week, all from residents of this City:
From V. V. Blodgett. a specimen of the
Hercules Beetle from Ecuador; from W. 8.
Sulton, neßt of the African weaver and one of
the California Oriole; from O. Huguenin, a
skin ol the Hying squirrel of Australia; from
Harry Young, a copper-colored Jacoblne
pigeon; from Miss C. Allardyce, a domesticated
California canary.
The band concert attracted a great many
people and those who remained until the
eighth number was rendered were re
warded by a musical treat. That number
was "Pagliacci," by Cavallo.
There were very many people at the
ocean beach and at Sutrovilie. The baths
wer* crowded at the various attractions
announced. Miss Pearl Woodward dem
onstrated with the assistance of profes
sional divers how those who work under
the sea's surface attire themselves to go to
the bottom. She was placed on a plat
form in the big tank and there encased in
a diver's waterproof suit and helmet. On
her feet the attendants strapped shoes
weighing thirty -five pounds each, and then
there was placed on her shoulders seventy
pounds of lead and the helmet was placed
in position after which she was let down
to the bottom of the tank. She went a
distance of eighty-three feet ia two min
utes and three quarters. She then re
turned and when she come out or her
strange dress she was very loudly ap
plauded.
After that there was a race between
Dana Thompson, swimmer, and Conuell
on his water bicycle, which was won by
the swimmer by about three lengths of
bis body.
A game of polo in the water between an
Oakland and a San Francisco club was
won by the Oaklanders.
On Saturday night Golden Gate Lodge
No. 204, I. O. O. F., had a banquet by t<e
seals. It was held in the large nail of the
Cliff House, and there were 100 present.
The attraction at the Haight - street
grounds yesterday was a display of Japa
nese day fireworks, and there were many
to witness them. There was no balloon
ascension.
Charles W. Swain, the well-known come
dian, who is out of a job, having con
cluded his engagement at the Grand
Opera-house, is endeavoring to make ar
rangements to make the next ascension
by means of a hot-air balloon from these
grounds.
The new pavilion is being rushed, and
must be ready for the Ist of July. It is
tnere that tne French colony, on the 14th
of July, will celebrate the Fall cf the Bas
tile.
ALTA GUN CLUB SHOOT.
Scores Made by the Members at the
Seven-Mile House.
A strong delegation of shooters of the
Alt* Gun Club attended the regular weekly
match yesterday at the Seven-mile House,
the main event being at twenty-five blue
rocks, unknown angles.
The following scores were made:
J. Cull 18, W. Robertson 15, F. Walkpert 20,
E. Holden 18, J. DwyerlO, Kewell 13, Konecky
8, J. J. Noonan 14. F. Dwyer 15, J. Buhs 10,
Bert Van Daalen 6, P. Sweeney 16.
• ♦ — •
The knot is a nautical mile. The Admi
ralty knot measures 6080 feet.
SAUSALITO AND
THE POOLROOMS
Prospective Conflict Be
tween Officers and
Poolmen.
ORDINANCE TO BE DEFIED
Business Will Probably Be Com
menced Within a Few
Days.
SENTIMENT OF SATJSALITANS.
Another Phase of the Ancient Con
flict Between tiie Hill and
the Flat.
The poolroom question, which was so
extensively agitated in Sausalito a year
and a half ago, has azain bobbed up in the
town of villas, and if present indications
Marshal Creed of Sausalito, Who Will Enforce the Anti-Poolroom Ordinance.
do not fail, before the end of this week
there is likely to be an interesting collision
between certain poolroom men of this
City and the authorities across the bay.
The former have been stealthily making
preparations for setting up in business at
Sausalito, and few, outside of the initiated
on Water street, are aware of the interest
ing prospects ahead.
The majority of the residents of Sausa
lito are resting quietly upon the assurance
that the anti-poolroom ordinance, passed
a year ago last September, protects them
entirely from the visits of the poolroom
men who were driven out at that time.
This ordinance, which was modeled upon
the San Francisco ordinance, provided as
follows:
ORDINANCE NO. 33.
Prohibiting All Persoks From Engaging in
Selling Pools or Bookmakino, or Making
Bets or Wagees on Horsk Races Wherein
Monet or Other articles of Value are
Stakes or Pledged.
The Board of Trustees of the town of Sausa
lito do ordain as follows:
Section 1. No person, upon any trial or con
test of skill, speed or power of endurance, be
tween horses, shall within the towu of Sausa
lito:
Sell any pool or pools, or make up any book,
list or memorandum for or on which money or
other article of value shall be received or
entered up, listed or written, or receive any
money or other article of value as a stake or
pledge upon the happening or non-happening
of any event.
Sell, issue or dispose of any ticket, certificate
or other evidence of payment, on which shall
be inscribed, written or printed any number,
name, word or mark, or anything to designate
the choice selected, received or accepted by
any other person to entitle or enable the said
person holding the said ticket, certificate or
other evidence of payment, to gain or lose on
any contingent issue.
Receive any money, or anything representing
money or any article of value, as a be tor hazard
upon the event of any contest or contingent
issue, or as a stake or pledge between two or
more parties, and disburse the said money or
any portion of the said money, or anything re
presenting money or other article of value upon
any representation or condition, or in con
formity to or with acy express or tacit under
standing or agreement.
Sec. 2. Iso person shall allow or permit any
minor to participate or be interested in any
poo Lor book, as aforesaid, or be present at any
time or place where the sale of pools or the
making up of any book is carried on or con
ducted.
Sec. 3. No person, upon any trial or contest
of sJcill, speed or power of endurance between
horses, shall purchase or acquire for money,
or anything representing money, or any arti
cle of value or any other consideration, any in
terest in or upon the event of any such trial,
or contest, or contingent issue, or place or de
posit any stake, wager, hazard or pledge be
tween two or more parties of money or any
thing representing money or any article of
value in or upon the happening or non-hap
pening of any event or contingent issue.
Sec. 4. No person shall knowingly lease or
rent or allow to be occupied or used any build
ing, structure, room. Apartment, place or any
premises whatever for the purposes as specified
and recited in section 1 of this ordinance.
Sec. 5.' Every person who shall violate any of
the provisions of this ordinance shnll be
deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and upon a
conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than $300 or by imprisonment of
not more than three months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 6. This ordinance shall take effect and
ba in force on and after its passage.
Approved September 3, 1894. Ayes—Dickin
son, Miller, Crumptou. Hughes. Noes— Sperry.
John H. Dickinson,
President of Board of Trustees.
Signed: Chas. H. Dexter, Town Clerk.
At the time of the adoption of this ordi
nance several others were suggested,
among them being an ordinance so sweep
ing in its language that it would have
prohibited even church fair grab-bags.
The present ordinance was deemed moat
satisfactory and met with but slight oppo
sition. The poolrooms at this time were
running and no attempt was made to
close them. Many who objected strenu
ously to them, when urged to prosecute
the meo, or even to go with the Marshal
as witnesses to aid in convicting them,
were unwilling to do so. Rev. Mr. Miel of
the Episcopal church led in the crusade
against the poolroom men and was gener
ally supported by the people on the hill,
who are popularly supposed to constitute
the elite of Sausalito society.
Previous to the passage of the ordinance
the poolroom men had offered to pay a
considerable amount of money to tiie
town to be allowed to conduct their busi
ness. A license might have been given
them at that time by the Trustees were it
not for the strong opposition of certain in
dividuals. The general feeling was not
very strong against the poolroom men. It
had been predicted that a noisy drunken
crowd would come over to Sausalito and
would make it unsafe for a lady to travel
upon the boat they frequented. On the
contrary, however, they actoa very quietly,
were sober, and attended strictly to their
business. Again, they spent considerable
money in tbe town, so the men doing
business down on the flat near the water
front were by no means averse to their
staying.
At the end of the season, however, the
poolroom men left and have since re
mained away. Since tne passage of the
ordinance above leferred to it would be
impossible for the Town Trustees to license
them without repealing the ordinance.
This they are*not disposed to do, for to re
peal an ordinance which they had unani
mously passed would place them in a very
queer light with the people of the town.
The ordinance then, as far as the Trustees
are concerned, must be observed. Whether
as a matter of fact it will be is a matter yet
to be determined.
According to authenticated rumors two
diffeient crowds intend to open poolrooms
in Sausalito within a few days. Messrs.
Breer, Huffmann and others have been
making preparations to open an establish
ment in the Sausalito Hotel, or the "lower
hotel." as it is called to distinguish it from
the El Monteon the hillside, both oMrhich
are kept by J. E. Siinkey. The parapher
nalia necessary for the operation of the
poolroom will" be taken over from San
Francisco to-day.
The intention is to begin business on
Wednesday next. Marshal Creed, how
ever, declares that the ordinance shall be
obeyed, and consequently an interesting
collision may take place between him
and the visitors.
If arrested the poolroom men will be
brought before Recorder Pryor. When
seen yesterday by a Call reporter as to
what tie should do with tnose who should
be arrested, Judge Pryor had nothing to
say, "Inasmuch as the case would come
up before me," he said, "I do not consider
it proper to have anything to say at pres
ent." Through Judga Pryor's courtesy a
copy of the ordinance above mentioned
was obtained, but further than this he
was entirely non-committal.
An interesting rumor in connection
with the intention of Breer & Huffmann
to open a poolroom in the Sausalito Hotel
is that Billy Harrison of this City also in
tends to start an opposition establishment
at the Buffalo Hotel, half a block down
the street. Harrison, who was engaged in
similar business in Sausalito before the
prohibitory ordinance was passed, and
who is quite popular in the town, is said
to be waiting for the crowd at Siinkey'a
Hotel to begin business and delaying the
beginingof his own enterprise until he sees
the outcome of the opposition venture.
He is hoping, it is said, that they will be
arrested and driven ont of business and
thus leave the field open to him.
Thus the matter stands at present. The
Board of Trustees, consisting of Messrs.
Dickinson, Bruce, Ambiornson, Miller and
Sperry, is supposed to De in favor of en
forcing the ordinance. They have in
structed Marshal Creed to do his duty and
he declares that the ordinance shall be en
forced. It is believed, however, that if ar
rested the poolroom men will demand a
jury trial, and in that event it is quite
probable that they will be acquitted, the
usual result in Sausalito of trials by juries,
which are necessarily composed for the
most part of "men on the flat," having been
acquittal.
A curious coincidence is that the pro
posed outbreak of poolrooms will occur
about the same time as the closing of the
City racetracks.
AMUSEMENTS THIS EVENING.
Attractions That Are Announced by the
Managers of the Theaters.
"In Mizzoura" is the attraction that is
to be presented at the Baldwin Theater
to-night. In this production of bumble
Southern life Nat C. Goodwin will appear
as the Pike County Sheriff.
At the Columbia there will be presented
by the Frawley Company "Brother John,"
a comedy-drama that has proved a great
success in New York. It is said to be a
very interesting piay.
For the first time on this coast, "Brother
Against Brother," Frank Harton's latest
melodrama, will be presented at the Grand
Opera-house. It is a thrilling piece and
will be put on with striking accessories.
"Lorraine," 'a romantic opera of the comic
order, will De offered at the Tivoli Opera
house this evening. There is good music
and dialogue in the production. Miss
Marie Millard will make her first appear
ance.
An entirely new feature is to be presented
at the Orpheum Music Hall to-night. It
is the "Vitascope," or instantaneous pho
tography. In audition there will be the
usual interesting vaudeville programme.
There is to be a novel entertainment at
Metropolitan Hall to-night. It is entitled
"Miss Jerry." It is a picture play by Alex
ander BlacK, and is said to be a very attrac
tive entertainment.
A Case of Mayhem.
William Flood, a teamster, living at 1300
Stockton street, was mixed up in a free fight
on Broadway and Stockton street yesterday
morning. Some one got Flood's right thumb
in his mouth and bit the nail and point of the
thumb off. Flood said he did not know the
man who bit him.
"When Baby was sick, we gare her Castorta.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
BOLD BURGLARY
ON HAYES STREET
Residence of Martin Schnei
der Entered by
Two Men.
THOROUGHLY LOOTED.
Two Watches, Five Rings, a
Gold Button-Hook and
Money Stolen.
BROKE OPEN THE CELLAR-DOOR
The Burglars Expected to Find Va'u
able Wedding Presents but
Were Disappointed.
The residence of Martin Schneider,
shirtmaker, 330 Hsyes street, was entered
by burglars on Saturday night and a lot of
jewelry and other articloß was stolen.
The family left the house about 6 o'clock
to visit friends and did not return till
close upon midnight. As soon as they
entered the house there was abundant
evidence of the fact that burglars had
been very busy there during their absence.
Bedroom doors that were locked as a
matter of precaution had been forced
open with a jimmy and the bedclothes
and contents of bureau drawers were scat
tered over the floors. Nothing had es
caped the vigilant search of the burglars
for plunder.
The parlor and dining-room had also
been thoroughly ransacked, and in their
haste the burglars had broken several
valuable pieces of bric-a-brac.
A hasty examination showed that
among the articles missing were two lady's
silver watches, gold ring witn sapphires
and pearls^gold ring with large emerald,
gold ring with turquoise, chased gold ring
with the initials "T. E. S." engraved on
the inside, plain gold ring, gold button
hook with three stones and $15 in money.
Entrance had been effected by forcing
open the cellar door in front with a
"iimmy." The door was fastened with a
padlock. The burglars passed through
the cellar and out of tue rear door, which
was left open, as there is no means of ac
cess to the rear of the house. They got
onto the porch and forced open a window
on the first floor and the rest was easy.
There was a wedding in tbe house about
a week ago and it is thought that the
burglars, knowing this fact.liad expected
to find a lot of valuable wedding presents,
which accounted for their wholesale
search of tte premises. Fortunately the
wedding presents were not there. They
had been removed to the home of the
bride and groom the day previous.
A lady who lives opposite saw two men
leaving the house about 9 o'clock by the
front door. Each was carrying a bundle
under his arm. She thought it strange at
the time, but the idea of burglars never
occurred to her. Owing to the darkness
she was unable to give a description of the
two men. It ia thought that they belone
to the Hayes Valley gang of thieves, and
they had been watching for an opportunity
to break into the house, expecting to find
the wedding presents.
The burglary was an exceptionally dar
ing one, as that portion of Hayes street is
much frequented with pedestrians,particu
larly on Saturday nights. They must have
forced open the cellar door when for a mo
ment the coast was clear.
The police have been notified of the
burglary, and every effort is being made
to arrest the two men.
NEW TO-DAT.
A cozy hall betokens hos-
pitality.
How welcome it makes a
stranger feel 1
Nothing cozier than an
arm rocking-chair.
Picture shows an uncom-
mon shape ; ■ especially for
hall— first-rate for sitting
room ; comfortable.
Scooped-ont wood seat. Broad arms. Solid oak
(sawed so as to show the rich grain). Polished. ,
$5.50 is the price.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & ; Co.) '
117-123 Geary Street.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR SAIiE.
rTIHE BUILDINGS, GROUNDS AND APPA-
X ratus of Napa : College* I 1 oar acres of land,
three large buildings and twp small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc., are effered at a bargain.
Buildings are suitable for school, sanitarium,
orphanage or hotel. Apply to • ■
i- 8. E. HOLDEN or L. J. NORTON, Napa.
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co.,
■ •.•■ : ."-.-r : San Francisco.
THE FIRM OF
SIMPSON & MILLAR,
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS,
IS; STILL '-.'■ COMPETENT TO CONTEND
against alt competitors and to conduct all busi-
ness Intrusted to it without ■ outside assistance
other than the well-merited confidence extended by
the public. .■; •■■'• '-•-.■"■■ -
STERLING SILVER (925 FINE)
BLOUSE SETS IK Panto
To-day and Tuesday, ;l UGH Id
] .•! >■ ":''■■  ; 25 different patterns
NAT RAPHAEL, Jeweler,
. . 128 Kearny Street.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\j law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 67a lie«ldenoB IHM
JfellM. Telephone. "Pine" 2691.
the busiest thoroughfare in the City. The
buggy was smashed up and both horses
were slightly bruised by their final fall,
but the driver was unhurt.
GERMAN PICNIC.
Ladles' Benevolent Society Knjoy* ma
Annual Outing.
The eighth annual picnic and outing of
Ihe Ladies' German Benevolent Society of
San Francisco and Order of the Red Cross
was celebrated yesterday at Shaer's San
Rafael Park.
The affair was a grand success and har
mony prevailed throughout the day. Danc
ing, singing, bowline, drawing prizes from
a grab bag, shooting, etc., were part of
the pleasures.
The officers of the day were : President,
Mrs. Anna Teply; arrangement commit
tee — Mrs. E. Hilpisch, Mrs. R. Munk and
Mrs. K. Kransch ; reception committee-
Mrs. Boerthel, Mrs. Maas, Mrs. Daniel,
Mrs. Tupkon, Mrs. Massen, Mrs. Johnson,
Mrs. M. Blair, Mrs. Schafer and Mrs.
Maikel.
All in all it was one continuous round
of happiness, and every one went home
happy and fully satisfied.
Tug-of-War Challengers.
A tug-of-war was held in Irish-American
Hall last Monday evening between the Golden
Gate Social Club's team and picked men of the
Angeline Club. The Golden Gate team won in
3 :40. Their weight was f>6o pounds against
740 of the opponents. They are now prepared
to challenge any team, and can be reached by
addressing Fred H. Wulbern, 404 Montgomery
street.
» * — • -
English popular pongs are at preeent
heard a eood deal in Paris cafes.
HEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
— — >^ — — — ~^^~^
fniCOLAfIOtR.OOTTLOO«'c" LtJiMAnoiwtAau*---
THE GREAT
SECOND EVENT
■ Of San Francisco's Home Company,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
The Most Perfect Dramatic Organization
in America. -
TO-NIGHT
FIRST PERFORMANCE HERE
Of William H. Crane's Greatest Comedy Success
BROTHER JOHN
Better than "The Senator."
Magnificent stage Mountings.
Beautiful Costumes.
r BLANCHE L. BATES.
I MARGARET CRAVEN.
Reappearance of - HOPE ROSS.
MACLYN ARBUCKLE.
• (.GEORGE W. LESLIE.
— First appearance of
MRS. F. M. BATES, MR. WM. MAITLAND.
3E*otp-ull«.i- Frioea *
: Monday, June 15, THE CHARITY BALL,
The Lyceum Theater's Greatest Success.
De Mllle & Belasco's Masterpiece.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Two Weeks Only! Matinee Saturday !
The Distinguished Comedian,
TSTj^T C C3r0033T/trilSr
And His superb Company
In an Elaborate Production of
"lIST 2UEXSBSSOTT:Ft.A"
By Augustus Thomas, Esq. (Author of "Alabama),
A. Comedy- Drama Masterpiece.
- Bright, Breezy, Brilliant.
Monday. June 16— Second Week of NAT. C.
GOODWIN. "A GILDED FOOL," etc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. jshkksiise Krei.ivq. Proprietor <fc Manage:
TSIS JEr%7-^ST^INTOr
FIKST PRESENTATION IN THIS CITY
Of Dell! tiger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
LORRAINE
"A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
STIKKING FINALES!
Beautiful Numbers! Superb Ensembles!
. First Appearances of Reappearance of
Miss Marie Miixabd, Miss Louise Rorcc,
Prima Donna Soprano. The Favorite soubrette.
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON J"
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROaCQ, Sola Lessee and Manama:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS ClTr— .
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Success,
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER!
An Interesting Story of To-day,
Foil of Action, Humor and Pathos.
•Evejtk© Pricks— 2s<j and 51*.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a.
Usual Matinee* Saturday ana Sunday.
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Slonday, June Rth,
A GKKAT BtLL OF NOVELTIES! ,
Edison's Latest Wonder, The
VITASCOFE!
Marvel of the 19th Century. .
AYES and POST, LM A HERZOG,
THh MAKOIBA PLAYERS.
? 24 ALL STAR ARTISTS 34
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Seats. 60c. ■
"MISS JERRY,"
Alexander Black's Picture Play,
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Monday, Wednesday and Thursday Evenings,
June 8, 10 and 11.
MISS DON M. CANN, VOCALIST.
PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c.
Reserved seats at Sherman, Clay <& Co.'s.
Monday > night, specially reduced prices for
pupils ol public schools.
SUTRO BATHS.
9 EVENINGS ONLY !
Commencing Saturday, June 6, 1896,
MAGNIFICi NT ELECTRIC DISPLAY!
. BEAUTIFUL PICTURES !
Marvelous Mechanical Effects!
STORM AT SEA !
Prominent Points of Interest In the United States
and Europe.
General Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, Be.
SUTRO_BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P.M.
GRAND ELECTRICAL STEREOPTI-
CON EVERY EVENING.
Beautiful Pictures, Magnificent Color*
Ings, Promiuent Sights and Scenes. .
GENERAL ADMISSION- ;
Adults. 10c— — — -. —Children, sc.
THE CHUTES!
ONLY OPEN SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS until
completion of Improvements,
Unless Otherwise Specially Stated*
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleßide Track),
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
V (RAIN OR SHINE.) .
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. PI.
ADMISSION 51. 00. ,
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow»
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. *.
Faro ' for round trip,* Including admission to graal
stand, fl. ; lake Mission-street electric Una dlraot
to track. - SS^ttPHBEBHH
A. B. SPRECKELSI W. & LEAKS,
•.\ Ptetidenti ■.-.■■; Secretary.
78
CORBETT SAYS
HE IS WILLING
He Makes a Fair Proposi
tion to the National
Cluh.
READY TO GO SHARKEY.
A Decision Must Be Given to the
Best Man After Four
THE EEFEEEE TO B£ SUPREME
The Sailor's Backer and the Club
People Inclined to Break Their
Contract.
It is a decided, thing now that "our
Jim" Corbett, champion pugilist of the
world, will give Sharkey, "the pride of
the American navy," a chance to make
himself famous if the latter's friends do
not indulge in too much jockeying at the
start. As a matter of fact, Corbett has
already done that by listening at all to
HharKey's unreasonable talk. But Corbett
has decided to do more by stepping into
the ring with him and giving him a
punching.
Yesterday afternoon, while Corbett was
preparing to take a ride through Golden
Gate Park, James J. Groom, treasurer of
the National Athletic Club, and Mr.
Lynch, manager for Sharkey, met him in
the St. Nicholas Hotel.
The trio were in perfect accord, and had
the articles been drawn up there and then
they would have been signed.
"This is the situation, 1 ' said Corbett,
"and these gentlemen representing the
other parties interested are agreeable. I
will meet Sharkey in a four-round contest
on the night of June 24. I fix that date
on account of the departure of Nat Good
win on the next day for Australia. He
wants to see the mill, and 1 asked for the
24th instead of the 23d, which was the date
heretofoie mentioned.
"I must get 50 per cent of the gross
receipts and Sharkey can look to the club
for his compensation.
"The only point on which we have dis
agreed has been wiped out. ft was the
clause which called for the meeting to be
declared a draw in the event oi Sharkey
being on his feet at the end of the fourth
round.
"We have settled now to leave the de
cision entirely to the referee, whoever he
may be, chosen by the club, and agreeable
to both Sbarkey and ma. If Sharkey has
done better than I during the four rounds,
and is still able to go on, the decision must
be given him. If I do better than Sharkey,
and am still able to go on, the decision
must be given me.
"Naturally, if the result is a standoff
the referee must declare the mill a draw.
"Should I knock tfharkey out it is agreed
he will get nothing of the receipts, but
should I only best him and he is able to
face me after the fourth round, then he
will be entitled to 25 per cent of the receipts
from the club.
"Is that right?" asked the champion.
"That's right," answered both Lynch
and Groom.
"Then, ooys," added Corbett, "get your
articles in black and white, so we can have
no misunderstanding. When 1 come back
from my drive fetch them to me and I'll
sign."
After this conversation it seemed that
everything would work along smoothly
and the fight take place. Groom and
Lynch went away to prepare the articles
ot agreement, and, having labored over
them during the whole afternoon, they
brought forth the following, which Cor
bett refused to sign, the second clause
being in direct contradiction to the agree
ment made by the trio in the presence of
The Call representative:
San Francisco, June 8, 1896.
We, the undersigned, James J. Corbett of
San Francisco and James Sharkey of tne same
place, agree to contest in a boxing bout of four
rounds before the National Athletic Club of
this City on June 24, 1896, at a place to be
selected by the said club, on the following
conditions:
First— We both agree to contest for 50 per
cent of the gross receipts, the winner to take
all.
Second— We agree with the club and referee
that if either of the contestants at the end of
four rounds is on his feet and able to continue
the coDtest. then the bout to be declared a
draw, in which event the purse to be divided
equally between the contestants.
Third— We agree that the National Athletic
Club select the referee at the ringside, and
that said refereeshail be agreeable to both con
testants.
Fourth— We agree that the contest shall be
governed by the Marquis of Quecnsberry rules
and that the gloves snail be regulation si*e,
viz: five-ounce gloves.
Fifth— We both ajrree to be in good physical
condition and ready and willing to enter tne
riijg at 9 o'clock on said evening to curry out
the above agreement.
Corbett is very much put out that even
such a meeting with Sharkey, a man who
is almost wholly unknown, should be sur
rounded with such petty maneuvering.
"You'd think I was making a match for
thousands against one of the stars in the
pugilistic firmament, the* way there is
backing and filling in this case," Corbett
stated last night.
"I don't want to allow Bharkey a draw
if Ido not knock him out. There are a
score of things that might interfere to pre
vent that result. While I believe that he
may stand up like a man and fight, .still
he may not. He is a man also who can
stand considerable punishment, and while
I may prove to everybody present that I
am his master, still I may not put him
asleep in four rounds. I do not think,
under such circumstances, that the match
should be called a draw and the purse di
vided."
According to the proposed articles of
agreement with which Corbett will have
nothing to do the division of the 50 per
cent would leave the remainder as the
earnings of the club, whereas, under the
understanding with Corbett during the
afternoon, Corbett wa« to get 50 per cent
anyhow and Sharkey 25 per cent if he was
not knocked out in four rounds.
Corbett believes that the original under
standing will be lived up to, and to-day, if
the articles are changed, he will be glad to
sign them.
The following is a note received from
the champion:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Bie:
My idea of this fistic engagement with Sharkey
is simply this: My friends in San Francisco are
anxious to see me in execution and I am like
wise anxious to please them.
Sharkey is probably the hardest and most
stubborn pugilist seen here in along time, and
is unquestionnblv the hardest man for me to
go against. He acknowledges my ability to
defeat him on cleverness or in a drawn-out
meeting, but hopes to stand four rounds before
me without being knocked out.
I am satisfied to give him a chance to knock
me out, perhaps, if he can do it, in that or any
other number of rounds, so as to show my old
friends of the Olympic Club that I am as good
as 1 ever was.
But I do not propose to claim tbat I will
knock out Sharkey within that stated time, as
I am not doing that kind of lighting. I am
satisfied to meet him, however, on almost any
proposition, and the referee may decide, if
Sharkey is on his feet at the end of four
rounds, whether tie is in as good condition as
I, and give his decision accordingly.
As I am giving Mr. sharkey all the best of it,
with a possible chance of his getting a decision
of a draw, with all the honor that might ac
crue thereby, I am doing it simply in accord
ance with the wishes of my friends, who again
want to see me in tbe ring.
There are two men, Peter Jackson and Fitz
simmons, I must eventually meet if they will
come to the front. Jamks J. Corbett.
CHRIST'S SECOND COMING.
Rev. Oliver C. Miller Sees Signs of Its
Near Approach.
"The Second Comin^of Christ" was the
subject of a sermon preached yesterday by-
Rev. Oliver C. Miller at the Church of the
Holy Spirit, 2127 Jackson street. Mr.
Miller selected for his text Joel 2:1, "Blow
ye the trumpet in Zion and sound an
alarm, for the day of the Lord cometh, for
it is nigh at hand." He said:
"Our Lord's going away was the begin
nine of his coming, as the dawn is the
promise of the coming day. He has been
coming through all the onward march of
civilization. We do not understand the
Scriptures to teach' a millennium before
the second coming, which shall be in per
son. We should not try to point out the
day of His coming, neither should we idly
await it. The church has always fallen
into impurity and inactivity when this
I doctrine has not been practiced. It was
I the very heart of apostolic preaching and
the mighty power for the conversion of
souls. It enables men to live a better and
higher life to be in constant expectation
of His coining.
"Let us see in the commotions that sur
round the stronger sign of the good time
near at hand. The present day's unrest
is a visible proof of the working of the in
visible power of the spirit. There has al
ways been conflict between light and dark
ness. Silence means death, commotion
progress. The present day distress and
commotion mean the fast coming final
victory of Christianity.
"God has told no one the time of his
coming, but left it indefinite, just as he
did not tell the disciples when the spirit
would be poured out, only saying it shall
be not many days hence. Christ's teach
ings on this subject cannot be explained
away,- neither can they be applied to the
destruction of Jerusalem, for they were
given in answer to the question, 'Tell me
the sign of thy coming and of the end of
the world?' The time of his coming is to
be learned from the signs whicn He has
given in the rigtree, whose bursting buds
indicate that summer is nigh.
"We see to-day distress of nations has
become well-nigh universal; perplexity
has fallen like a demon upon the social,
political and financial world; unrest, like
mighty waves of the sea, is dashing wildly
about all man-made institutions, men's
hearts failing them for fear of what the fu
ture shall bring forth. The powers of
heaven are being shaken in the death
dealing cyclones. In these words of our
Lord we have an accurate description of
the present times: 'Ye shall hear of wars
and rumors of wars; nation shall rise
against nation, and there shall be famine
and pestilence and earthquakes in divers
places; they shall deliver you up to be
afflicted and killed, and ye shall be hated
for my name sake; men shall betray and
hate one another; false prophets shall
arise and deceive many, and because ini
quity shall abound the love of many shall
wax cold.'
"All these do we see from America to
Armenia and all around the world."
SPECTACULAR JUSTICE.
A Frenchman's Comparison Between
English and French Courts.
M. Cruppi, the Procurator's substitute,
in a paper on French assize court trials,
used the Old Bailey as a foil to set off the
assize court of the Seine. A sensational
criminal draws to the Palais de Justice a
brilliant crowd, who come to be stirred
and amused, as at a playhouse. They ex
pect alternations of weeping, laughing and
blood-curdling horrors. At the Old Bailey
there is nothing spectacular.
The court is a dark, dingy bole, to which
narrow stairs and passages lead. Justice
is public, but the public were not thought
of by the architect. But the press is there,
and its presence constitutes publicity.
This hall of justice is not as spacious as
the least large of the correctional courts
of Paris. It is meant for business merely.
The one place where there is elbow-room
is in the dock. The prisoner can move
about there, stand up, sit down, come and
go. Soidiprs do not guard him. A warder
bits in a little corner pew and looks more
like a scribe than a jailer.
One soon sees that the prisoner is a
sacred and intangible being. He discusses
from his notes in the tone of a creditor
claiming a debt, and. he may well do so,
for the proof of his alleged crime is due to
him. A table is in the lowest part of the
dark, dingy hole. Jammed around it are
counsel for and against. They are close to
the jury. Theatrical effects would be out
of place here. Thai air is thick with the
all-pervading London fog. No one gesticu
lates. No face lights up or shows any sort
of animation. There is no rustle of ele
gant toilets.
M. Cruppi points out that the English
Judge is witness of what witnesses say,
and arbitrator, but never accuses. He re
spects every right of the accused, and, if
need be, makes others do so, too. Should
he be nervous and cross the counsel for
the Crown will be made to feel unpleas
antly his temper. English barristers
argue rather than plead. They are so
close to the jury that if a barrister in a
vehement gesture thrusts forth his arm he
might knock over a juror. The thing is to
show a proof or establish a point of law,
and not to produce an effect.
The Old Bailey jurors seem better suited
for their wort than those of the Palais de
Justice. Their questions to the accused
and to witnesses are clear and to the point.
One often wonders at their quickness, after
the Judge sums up, at agreeing on a ver
dict. Every juror seems absolutely confi
dent in the wisdom and fairness of the
Judge. He is the sheet anchor.
Witnesses may have contradicted them
selves and each other, counsel may have
puzzled them, the prisoner's counsel may
have proved black white, and the Attor
ney-General strained many points, but the
Judge is to declare what is true and fair.
He meddles with nobody, but keeps on
taking notes until he has to sum up.
A juror feels his conscience may be at
rest if he follows the Jud?e in doubting a
witness or doubting the whole case of the
accused. M. Cruppi further says that it is
well to understand England, but danger
ous to imitate her, because all her insti
tutions are of secular growth and racy of
the soil. None or her institutions is more
worthy of study than trial by jury, which
France has had for 100 years, but "without
the English Judge. — Correspondence of the
London Daily News.
Commission to a Maryland Negro.
At the monthly meeting of the board of
managers of the Industrial Home of Col
ored Girls at Melvale, Baltimore County,
Monday, the Rev. Dr. W. H. Beaver pre
sented his commission as a member of the
board, the first commission, it was an
nounced, that had been given to a colored
man by the Governor of Maryland. — Balti
more American.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
MRS. CARTER WAS
KNOCKED DOWN
David Belasco's Brother
Admits That This Took
Place.
BUT IT WAS NECESSARY
In Fact, He Maintains It to Bs
Indicative of Good
Coaching.
WEIL-MERITED COMPENSATION
The Ca'ifcrnia Playwright Labored
Night and Day to Burnish
Up a Star.
"Did my brother pull Mrs. Leslie Car
ter's hair and knock her down occasionally
while training her to be a star?" asked
Fred Belasco of Belasco's Academy of
HE TAUGHT HER TO ACT.
David Belasco and His Ex-Pupil, iMrs. Leslie Carter, Whom He Is Suing in New
York for $50,000. His Brother in This City Yesterday Related the Extraordinary
Methods Employed by Mr. Belasco in Training Girls for the Stage.
Acting yesterday, as he lit another cigar
ette.
"Well, I should rather say he did.
"That was one proof of the labor he de
voted to making Mrs. Carter what she is.
"I was in New York when he was pre
paring her, and was present at all the re
hearsals, and I know of what I speak. He
trained her in ail manner of stage falls,
and would throw her to the ground re
peatedly until she was a perfect master of
the art of falling gracefully. And falling
is not the easiest thing in the profession,
either.
"She and Fairbank both came from
Chicago. She knew absolutely nothing
about acting until my brother taught her.
When she first came to New York Dave
watched her at the Berkeley Lyceum. It
was hot, sultry New York summer
weather, and yet they would begin prac
ticing at 8:30 o'clock and continue until
11:30; begin at 1:30 in the afternoon and
work until 7:30 in the evening. At night
they would rshearse at the Madison
House, and do this after working ail day.
I was present at the time and held the
book while they rehearsed.
"This was before the 'Ugly Duckling'
was put on the boards. She made an
artistic success in this almost financial
failure. My brother is a tireless worker
when he begins on anything of this kind,
and hardly stops to sleep or eat.
"I remember on the first night of the
'Ugly Duckling,' while Mrs. Carter was
entering the theater some one handed her
a telegram. It said her baby had just
died. One of her enemies had sent the
telegram to prevent her success, and there
was no truth whatever in it. This was
about the time of her divorce proceedings.
We knew there must be something wrong,
and wrote some bogus dispatches, saying
: what afterward was lound to be the truth —
that the child was all right. That sume
night she received two curtain calls the
first act, three after the second, and, what
is without precedent, seven after the third.
||"People came to guy ncr, but they were
won over by her wonderful acting and
stood — actually stood on the peats to ap
plaud her. E. J. Henley said to Dave
that night, 'Mr. Belnsco, this lady has
done to-night what it has taken me a
whole lifetime to accomplish.'
"Why, in preparing her for this play and
for Miss Hellyet he went over the parts
with her at the theater and at home.
Even on the streets they would go
through the scenes. One day on Broad
way they were carrying on this way and
people would stare and look back, until I
became a little bit put out. I said, 'Dave,
why not wait until you reach the hotel?'
" 'If you do not like it, go on ahead,'
said he, and the scene was continued.
The same thing occurred one time in Lin
coln Park. Mrs. Dudley, Mrs. Carter's
mother, and I were walking with them.
They became wholly abstracted from prac
tical life and drew quite a crowd.
"During their rehearsals in theaters and
halls I was obliged to remind them to eat,
even. Two or three times Dave said:
'You can't fool me. I have already eaten.
I am going to finish this scene, anyway.'
"When Mrs. Carter was preparing for
the bell scene in the 'Heart of Maryland'
she visited a gymnasium in New York
daily for six months and practiced on
bars, rings and trapeze for several hours a
day.
"1 have had seventeen years' experience
in this business, and yet I have never
heard of another man and woman who
worked as they did, A person can have
no idea of the intensity and perseverance
they manifested who has not actually wit
nessed them in their work.
"In the realistic bell scene, should Mrs.
Carter slip her hold from the clapper of
the bell it would mean death to her. Only
the bare floor of the stage is underneath.
"Many a morning I have heard the
janitor ask how long they would use the
stage that day. Dave would answer : 'Oh,
two or three hours.'
" 'If they are off at 6 this evening I am
in luck,' the janitor would remark to him
self, and it would turn out as he
thought.
"One night, while the 'Ugly Duckling'
was being rehearsed, we left Mrs. Carter
shortly after midnight. On the way
home Dave stopped suddenly, saying: 'By
Jove, I have neglected to mention a cer
tain point that is important.' and, ex
hausted as he was, he insisted on return
ing, and they did not cease practicing this
idea until nearly 3 o'clock in the morn
ing. But this is only an instance of the
conscientious work they gave to the
plays.
"While he traveled with her in the
'Ugly Duckling' company he at the same
time was putting her up in 'Juliet' and
'Camille.'
"In ' Miss Hellyet' his work was but a
repetition of the work in the 'Ugly Duck
ling.'
"There is a rather dramatic incident
connected with the rehearsing of 'Miss
Hellyet.' They had been working five or
six hours. It was bitterly cold outside
and the snow was falling. * They left the
theater together, and ie was seen that
Dave had come out with no hat on and
that Mrs. Carter was without her fur
wrap. The stage director informed them
of the iact, and when they returued to the
stage they believed that another day's
work had begun and practiced nearly an
hour. This is an actual fact.
"About this same time Dave and I were
at a play together. When the curtain fell
on the last act I turned to him and asked:
'Well, Dave, what do you think of the
piay?' He looked at me vacantly for a
moment and then said, "Now, Mrs. Carter,
we commence to-morrow morning, etc'
He thought I was Mrs. Carter and I do
not believe he heard a single line of the
play.
"It was Fairbank who came to Dave
and asked him to coach Mrs. Carter and
insisted that Dave go on tbe road with
her. He asked Dave how much he made
in a year. A certain sum was named.
'Very well,' said Fairbank, 'do not neglect
her for anything. I want to see Mrs. Car
ter one of the brightest stars of the stage.'
When Dave afterward demanded his com
pensation he was accorded a glassy eye."
The first play- writing that Dave Belasco
did was when a schoolboy in this City.
He would sit up in defiance of parental
authority until the early morning writing
his juvenile dramatic ideas.
Lecture by Father Yorke.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke will lecture in St. Mary's
Church, California street, on Sunday evening,
June 14. His subject, which is apropos of the
present controversy, will be "Are the Irish
People Criminals?" Tickets, for sale at the
residence of the Psullst Fathers, 628 Califor
nia street, cost 50 cents. The proceeds will be
devoted to the improvement of old St. Mory's.
THE BEST LINGUISTS.
Why Riin*ians, Poles and Hungarians
Hold This Distinction.
In conversation with a Frenchman the
other evening a reporter asked the follow
ing question : "How comes it that among
the foreign population in Paris the Rus
sians are credited with the gift of speaking
the best French?"
"The Russians, the Poles, and, I think
I may add, the Hungarians," replied the
Frenchman, "speak French with wonder
ful facility. Their accent is perfect, and
they acquire all the finesse of the language
with marvelous rapidity. One can account
for their capture of pronunciation ant', ac
cent easily enough, but their ability to
get down into the depths of a language in
a comparatively short time is a little mys
terious.
"You have often seen a common Ger
man concertina and the other thing that
is called the English concertina. You can
only play a limited number of tunes on
the former, because it has no semi-tones or
half-notes. There is no sound that the
human tongue can utter that is not in
cluded in its repertoire. Consequently, a
Russian hears no discordant note in a for
eign language. He masters its pronuncia
tion with ease. Now, when a man ac
quires a correct pronunciation of a foreign
tongue he can get the accent with little"
difficulty, especially if he has a pood ear,
and that is something which almost every
Russian has.
"The same can be said of the Poles and
Hungarians. The Hungarian and Polish
languages have a compass probably as ex
tensive as that of the Russian language.
The theory that a man must be possessed
of good musical ear in order to be able to
get over all the difficulties of pronuncia
tion and accent is interesting, and there
may be something in it. But it must be
remembered that some of the best lin
guists the world has ever seen were men
without any ear for music. Bismarck, for
instance, who can speak half a dozen lan
guages flnently and elegantly, has no ear
for music; in fact, he can't understand
why anybody should like it. For him it is
'all noise.'
"Among the English-speaking people
Americans, especially the ladies, talk the
best French. It is not generally known
that there is a marked difference between
the accents of Americans and Englishmen
when they speak in the diplomatic lang
uage. There is what we call the American
accent, and, while there is the British ac
cent, and while we Frenchmen cannot ad
mire either, we are bound to admit that
the former is preferable. Moreover, the
average American traveler ib more observ
ing than the average Englishman. He
'catches on' quicker, as we say idiomatic
ally, if indeed that phrase is not a specimen
of what may be called the argot of New
York. But it is expressive, and every
thing that is expressive is good.
"As a rule, French-speaKing and Eng
lish-speaking people are not good "lin
guists. Of course there are conspicuous
exceptions, but the rule holds good. The
Germans, on the other hand, though in
ferior to the Russians, may be set down as
good linguists. They have great diffi
culty in putting their b's and p's in their
proper places, and Frenchmen make fun
of them on account of that weakness, but
in time they manage to get over that de
fect. Moreover, they always attack a
language boldly, without caring a fig for
the blunders they make, and doubtless
that is a good plan.
"It is, of course, well- known that the
Jews have a wonderful power of picking
up languages. That is a gift which they
received from the persecutions that com
pelled them to become a nomadic race, but
the fact that they are great traders, hard
students, and keen observers with good
ears, must also have something to do
with it.
"It has been said that the ability to grasp
many languages does not necessarily de
note a high order of intellect, but that is a
question which had better be left with the
philosophers. All we know for a certainty
is that it gives poor evidence of stupidity.
—New York Sun.
A ton of good coal is said to yield about
8000 feet of purified gas.
AN EVENTFUL
IROQUOIS PICNIC
Max Popper and Others De
clare War on Thomas
J. Clunie.
SCHELLER TROTTED OUT
Clunie's Rebuff, Ferral's Ambi
tioD, Popper's Assault, the
Buckley Issue.
A DOUBLE-BAERELLED PICNIC.
From the Social Side the, Annual
Iroquois Outing to San Jose
Was a Success.
The big double-action annual picnic
of the Iroquois Club at San Jose yes
terday had two highly interesting phases.
One phase is more interesting than the
other, but which is which depends on the
standpoint and on who is interested.
It was a Democratic picnic, and Demo
cratic picnics are common this year. This
one ..ad two contrasted natures, and from
both it yielded largely.
As a social affair it was a blessing, like
the glad and gentle Sabbath morn that
brought it. As a political affair it yielded
red war — the play of hate, the leaping forth
of armed ambitions, new sizzles of party
strife, poisoned arrows of political skir
mishes and, as well, the play of the gentler
arts of politics— kind, winning, insidious.
For Max Popper and his own declared
war on Thomas J. Ciunie, who readies for
the Democratic nomination for Congress
in the Fifth District, cried war to Clunie's
teeth where Iroquois bucks and gentle
maidens schottished in the eucalyptus
shade.
For they trotted out to the starting
post ex-District Attorney V. A. Scheller
ot San Jose, who is now all at once a
formidable candidate for the nomination.
For they tooK along in a special car a
wierd dragon, labeled "Buckleyism,"
scaring peopie from the side of Andy
Clunie's brother, and displaying it through
the Santa Clara Valley as the thing to
keep in mind at the State Convention
when the virgin Junta steps forth to take
the vows of eternal purity and receive a
white robe, for which Sam Rainey is meas
ured.
And Robert Ferrall stopped all guessing
that he might be a candidate for Congress
in the Fifth, ana announced himself out
for a Superior Judgeship, whereat he was
promptly threatened with deieat if he
didn't shake Buckley at once.
Stilettos were thrust into Daggett and
politicians without quarrels, or the hope
of any, came in peace and in tender fel
lowship.
There was no sign of all this when sev
enteen carloads of people moved out of
the depot at 9a. m,, and the majority
knew not nor cared that ruthless politi
cians had lugged their hellish wiles and
wars into the Sunday picnic. Theirs was
the social side.
The social side was the nicest one and
the picnic was the nicest one of all the an
nual picnics of the Iriquois Club. They
said— the braves at the front did — that
this was because the Buckleyites were not
there. It was in truth an anti-Buckley
crowd, the only Buckleyite that attended
being Fred Raabe, Deputy Superintendent
of Streets, who was the jolliest soul aboard.
The Buckleyite members have largely left
the Inquois Club to the enemy since their |
defeat at the annual election.
The several hundred that went down on
the train were an unusual picnic crowd
for the size, in the character and respecta
bility of its members.
The active braves of the club were all
in evidence. President Charles Gildea,
with white stove-pipe hat and badge,
looked proudly after the arrangements.
Vice-President" Thomas O'Connor, Louis
Metzger, chairman of the board of
trustees; Lawrence J. Welch, Secretary
Gordon, Harry Zemansky, L. V. Merle,
Max Popper and others, who had most
actively worked to make the affair the
success it was, were at the helm when
needed throughout the day. James
O'Connor of the School Department, J. L.
Franklin, E. P. E. Troy, ex-Senator P. J.
Murphy, John Cunningham, H. Bienfield,
August Keller and Registrar Hinton were
picnickers too.
There were other Iroquois braves along
with as deep and honorable social cravings
as any. T. J. Clunie was one and Robert
Ferrall was another. James Denman en
joyed the day; he is talked of for many
things. Auditor BroJerick brought his
hearty good nature, and said little about a
renomination. Senator Fay, who may be
nominated again, was gad he went. Rob
ert Burnett, who is after Daggett's scalp
along with others, joined the merry
makers.
Nearly all who came brought their fami
lies or lady friends along.
There was a band aboard, the morning
was bright and the Santa Clara Valley
feasted all eyes with its summer beauty.
The day, the air, the hills, the orchards,
groves and blooms were bright and kind
as the pleasant-faced crowd aboard.
The social story of the picnic is that of a
quietly delightful, uneventful outing amid
charming scenes. Arriving at San Jose
part of the crowd went to Agricultural
Park, toward Santa Clara, and there
spread bountiful lunches brought from
home. The rest sought hotels and restau
rants uptown, and after luncheon many
spent an hour or two riding about.
The crowd at the park grew large eaMy
in the afternoon. Roughs did not come
with Sunday picnic girls to trouble the
quietly pleasant hours. Nearly 100 San
Jose people, largely friends of the San
Franciscans, joined the crowd at the park.
Tuere were no speeches and no special
features to the entertainment except the
dancing on the open dancing platform.
Refreshment booths helped out the life,
and the crowd rested, moved, chatted, ate,
drank and danced in the shady grove until
train time at 5 o'clock.
Eight hundred tickets had been sola,
and that, with the pleasant time enjoyed
by everybody, made up the success that
everybody recognized.
The eucalyptus grove yielded a lot of
politics, but most of it was as unobtrusive
and inoffensive as the faint odor from
the gum trees. The party chart was
studied by experts by twos and threes, and
there was much kind fellowship that may
count.
But Popper and some others jumped
into the Fifth District Congressional fight
as soon as they struck the depot gravel.
In twenty minutej after arrival Popper
was uptown talking earnest politics to
Sam Rucker, Postmaster Ryland, Deputy
Postmaster Kelly, Tom O'Connor and
others, who were at the St. James Hotel
by appointment.
Popper made his first open anti-Clunie
move since Clunie announced his candi
dacy three days ago. Clunie's suffering is
somewhat vicarious. He has a brother,
Andrew J. by name, whose keeper he was
not at the time of the last State Conven
tion.
Clunie was Battling for Dr. Stanton's
nomination for Railroad Commissioner,
and Popper was fiercely opposing Stanton
as a Buckleyite and a railroad slave. The
impetuous Andrew blazed away with a
keen-edged story about Popper's former
partnership with Buckley. Popper has
not forgiven. He was Tom Clunie's polit
ical friend before that, and since that he
has held Thomas largely responsible for
not making Andy keep his mouth shut.
Popper is proving himself a strong polit
ical influence just now, and he has a large
part of the anti-Buckley Junta with him.
They are now all at once plastering Gen
eral Clunie with Buckleyism. They cry
that his brother is a big man in t.e
I Buckley councils. They have aug up
' a banquet by Mayor Grant to Buck
j ley in New York in 1890 at which
Clunie, who was there with other Pacific
Coast Democrats, Jsuded Buckley during
the black-coffee hour. They hurl at him
an interview with Buckley in Los Angeles
recently in which Buckley said that
Maguire and Clunie would be Conzress
men.
When Joseph P. Kelly, now apparently
i eclipsed, started out for Congress on the
Buckley side not long aeo Popper looked
around for an anti-Buckley man to beat
him with and thou.ht of Attorney V. P.
Scheller, a prominent S.in Jose Democrat
and ex-District Attorney. Bat no Schelier
boom was started.
When Popper read the other morning
that Clunie had jumped into the field, he
put on his hat and went to work. So it
was that Scheller was trotted out by Pop
per, backed by large elements in the Junta
and in the Iroquois Club and by many
friends down that way.
The San Jose Democrats said to Popper
that Scheller could get Santa Clara County
if he could get enough to win in San Ma
teo and San Francisco. Scheller told Pop
per that he would run if the way seemed
clear and that he had much strength from
that end of the district. The biggest doubt
entertained by Scheller and his friends
down there is based on the uncertainty of
the contest here.
If the Junta delegation is seated a large
majority would go for Scheller. If the
Buokleyites get half a vote it is thought
likely that the Buckley portion of the
eigty- five San Fiancisco votes, as well as
whatever Clunie men there may be among
the Juntaites, would go for Clunie. Pop
per assured the doubters that the Buckley
ites would not get half a vote. ,
Scheller came to the picnic making
friends, and announced himself only a
possible candidate.
Clunie had enme down to the picnic to
build fences. He has supporters in Santa
Clara County and claims the San Mateo
delegates. He got in his work uptown,
and came to the grove to win friends. He
I got there a sickening Mow. Not a politi
i cal friends but Robert Ferral appeared to
be among the gum trees.
Then came the meeting with Popper.
Clunie wanted to make up and explain,
| and L. V. Merle consented to say:
"Mr. Popper, I believe you know Mr.
I Clunie.'' The meeting was a sensation
jof the day. Popper turned loose
j and declared in plain terms that he had
l no political glad hand to extend, and that
he was against Clunie to the end. Clunie
and Scheller met later in the grove and
Scheller told Ciunie he was in the race.
Popper and hia friends have started a
! bitter and apparently uncompromising
! fight. Clunie rode home reflecting on the
i ways of political warfare, somewhat dis
figured but still in the middle of the ring.
Barney Murphy didn't come forth to
mingle. He is reported to be for Clunie,
but the Santa Clara party is expected to
unite on Scueller.
Popper, Merle, Troy and others talked
the local contest vigorously to the San
Jose Democrats, who are said to be in
clined to favor a division of recognition
and a new deal in San Francisco.
Robert Ferral announced his judicial
candidacy in the grove, and Mr. Ferral is
a part of the BucKleyites' machine. He
was thoughtful, too, on the trip homeward.
The Wind Palled His Tooth,
One of the queerest pranks of the wind
during the cyclone the other night hap
pened at the corner of Sixth and Jefferson
streets. John Gazzollo, the night engi
neer at the City Hall, has been suffering
from toothache for some time, and has
been telling his friends that he intended
to have theacher jerked out as soon as he
could screw his courage up to the. point.
On the night in question his tooth ached
so badly that he could hardly hear the
wind blow. •He was desperate. Borrow
ing a gum overcoat from one of the police
men about the police station, he started
out just as a funnel-shaped cloud was
scudding along. He reached the corner of
Sixth and Jefferson streets and was about
to turn the corner when a gust of wind
I struck him and lifted him off his feet. He
might have been carried over to the Court
house and drowned in the fountain, but
for his presence of mind in grabbing the
iron railing that runs around the steps
leading into the basement. He clung
there for a moment with the wind right in
his face. ' He turned his head, and as he
did so, there was a sudden jerk that dis
lodged his hat and fairly unraveled his
red necktie. Then there was a lull, and
when he crept back into the station-house
he made the startling discovery that the
aching tooth was - gone. . The wind had
pulled it. He tells the story himself, and
if it is not true Mr. Gazzollo has greatly
deceived — Louisville Commercial.
» ♦ <
Optimistic.
Customer — That meat that I bought
here last, Mr. Cleaver, was frightfully
tough.
Butcher — Do you know, inarm, that one
reason why there are so many poor teeth
nowadays is because they do not have
enough exercise ?
Customer — But that steak couldn't be
cut with a knife.
Butcher— Yes; there is some mighty
poor cutlery in the marKet. Did you say
five pounds, mann? — Boston Transcript.
NEW TO-DAY.
_^^^-,^^» \^^ // V Vy /
ALL. PLEASURE IS DESTROYED IN RIDING YOUR
wheel if you are subject to pains in the back, bearing down
in the abdomen, weak kidneys, palpitation of the heart", sciatic
rheumatism, lumbago or any /of ; those common ailments which
are brought to the surface by exertion on the wheel. Your
pleasure is doubled if you are strong in all the vital organs.
Then you need not be afraid of breaking down a long way froni
home. '#.-
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Has made cycling pleasurable to 'thousands of young men arid
women who love the wheel. Its toning, invigorating Electric
currents restore the strength to weakened organs and give to them
a healthy tenacity. It cures all the weaknesses that unfit you for
long trips, and gives you that healthy confidence in your powers
which, every rider appreciates. Try this famous Belt. Book
with full information -and price list, free. Call or address
630 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE^ALAC^HoT^^s^N^ANC.SCa.
Office Hour^ ££**»oP. M,^ ay 3, wto 4 .
iS?A££ E SSI^ I PORTION* 08.
* *o3 Washington B treat.
TO EXTEND OUR
TRADE IN FRUITS
Mutual Interests of Califor
nia and Austral
asia.
INTERESTS LOS ANGELES
The Spirit of Patriotism in
the American Public
Schools.
'TIS UNKNOWN IN ENGLAND.
Pertinent Idea of a Baptist Union
Preacher on Commerce
and Education.
Some original ideas are advanced by
Pastor W. L. Birch of Manchester, Eng
i land, who is now temporarily filling the
j pulpit of Calvary Presbyterian Church,
and intends to become a citizen of tne
United States. While in Southern Cali
fornia he interviewed the Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce with the view of
introducing a mutual trade ia fruits be
tween California and Australasia.
"The California on season is the Aus
tralasian off season," he said, "when
5,000,000 persons residing there would be
pleased to have the chance of procuring
fresh fruit."
He has communicated with Spreckels
Bros. Company, the Southern Pacific and
others, all of whom say that when officially
requested they are prepared to favorably
receive applications to carry sample ship
ments gratis. These consignments are to
be sent to the Mayors of Sydney, Mel
bourne and Auckland for exhibition, re
port and sale. In the same way Austral
asian products may come consigned to the
pastor at San Francisco, who will hand
them to well-known firms for report and
sale. The pastor also suggests that the
proceeds of trial shipments be given half
to the Mayor of Sydney and half to the
Mayor of San Francisco for distribution
among the fatherless children of these
cities.
"I am delighted," said the pastor, "with
the public school system of the United
! States. The pupils are inspired with
patriotic sentiments, unknown in the
schools of England, and are taught a self
respect which should result in a noble
manhood and a pure womanhood."
Relative to the custom of saluting the
American flag, in which the pupils say,
"I pledge allegiance to my nag and th"»
country for whith it stands — one nation
indivisible with liberty and justice for all,"
he says: "I admire a system of education
j which teaches a reverence for our fellow
creatures and a national loyalty."
The pastor deplores the long hours for
i nurses in the Children's Hospital and says
I that in the hospitals ot London and Paris
j the eight-hour system is in vogue. The
nurses also take dully outdoor exercise
and once a month are provided with a
concert or some similar congenial amuse
ment.
A Lighthouse Without a Light.
The most extraordinary of all light
houses is to be found on Arnish Rock,
Stornoway Bay— a rock which is separated
from the isiand of Lewis by a channel
over 500 feet wide. It is in the Hebrides,
Scotland. On this rock a conical beacon
is erected and on its summit a lantern ia
fixed, from which, nigut after night,
shines a light which is seen by the fisher
men far and wide. Yet there is no burn
ing lamp in the lantern and no attendant
ever goes to it. for the simple reason that
there is no lamp to attend to, no wick to
train, and no oil-well to replenish.
The way in which this peculiar light
house is illuminated is this: On the isl
and of Lewis, 500 feet or so away, is a
lighthouse, and from a window in the
tower a stream of light is projected on a
mirror in the lantern on the summit of
Arnish Rock. These rays are reflected to
an arrangement of prisms, and by their
action are converged to a focus outside the
lantern, from where they diverge in the
necessary direction.
The consequence is that to all intents
and purposes a lighthouse exists which
has neither lamp nor lighthouse-keeper,
and yet which gives as serviceable a light,
taking into account the requirement?, of
this locality, as if an elaborate and costly
lighthouse, with lamps, service-room, bed
room, living-room, storeroom, oilroom,
watertanks and all other accessories were
erected on the summit of the rock. — Tid
Bits.
An expensive watch which has a com
pensating balance is not affected by
changes of temperature."IS PATRIOTISM
PETERING OUT?"
The Subject of Rev. J. Q.
A. Henry's Address
Yesterday.
SCORED FATHER YORKE.
Quotes Many Authorities in Sup
port of the Principles Advo
cated by the A. P. A.
RELIGION VERSUS POLITICS.
Members Exhorted to Stand By Their
Colors — Preaches at the First
Baptist Church.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry addressed the Good j
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Tern- \
pie on the subject "Is Patriotism Petering
Out?" Ttie speaker did not confine him- i
self very closely to the subject, but devoted j
the major portion of his time to Father j
Yorke, Archbishop Riordan and James
Barry of the Star. He was caustic, vindic
tive and humorous by tarns.
The meeting opened with a few appro- 1
priate remarks by Chairman Quitzow, af
ter which State President Hudelson deliv
ered a brief address, in which be paid his j
respects to the two great political parties, j
He declared that the Democrats in con
vention had indorsed the main principles
advocated by the American Protective
Association and that the Republi
cans bad done practically tbe same
thing. Some of the prominent lead
ers, he said, had withdrawn from
these great bodies on account of this in
dorsement. The speaker was inclined to
believe that when the next selection oc
curred there would be very few voters in i
either party if they did not swallow all
that had been done in convention. They
could not vote because there would be no
party to vote with.
When Rev. J. Q. A. Henry came in the
vast audience rose amid cheering. The
ovation continued fully five minutes.
Mr. Henry began by saying that he had
known many people cursed under the
Pope's blessing and many people blessed
under the Pope's curse. For himself, be
had tnrived under the ban which had been
placed on him by the church of Rome.
The speaker denied having said he in
tended to come back here and give Ro
manism bullets. What he did say was
that he intended to give them "whacks."
"Nothing will contribute more to the
building up of the American Protective
Association," continued the speaker, "than
ibe articles which continualiv appear in
the Star and in the Monitor. 1 feel about
these poor creatures very much as Ben
Butler did when asked if he intended to i
reply to a violent newspaper attacic upon
him. 'Reply?' said the general. 'No;
I paid that felluw $50 to publish that ar
ticle.'
'Now I feel very much like paying these
people for all the things they" have said
and are continuing to say about us. But
let us remember, however, that it is not a
question of personality; it is a question of
principle. The arguments now advanced
by Rome might have done for 300 yeara
ago, or the dark ages, but they are no
good now. Here Is a publication recently
sent down from Chicago to Nashvilie. I
ask you, does it not bear the earmarks of
good American citizenship?
To the Mayor of Xashville, Tcnn.— Sir: I see
by the Chicago Chronicle thai, your towii is an
A. I. A. stronghold and that you are the
standard-bearer of that villainous organiza- '
tion. The communication has been forwarded j
to the Chronicle by its special correspondent '
in the South, our iellow-ciiizen and coreligion
ist, John F. Finnerty, who is now in Savannah,
Ga. You know-nothing infidels, what do you
mean by organizing tne hoards of satan
against our holy Roman Catholic church,
which discovered America and made it pus
tibie for suen dogs as you to live?
We own this country and we mean to gov- j
era It in the interest of the ci.urch, ye car*-!
How could you ieiiows live without us? We
run the Government of the United .--tates, you
rebel dog*, lv ttie uext war Mill crush out |
both your rebels -and your Yankees, horse, foot j
and dragoons. In ten years America will be ■
the greatest Catholic empire in the world, and
Grover Cleveland st ihe head of affairs, and
the Roman Irish Catholic church will wield
the power which signalized its existence in Eu
rope. Theugood-by to fidelity, which is an
other name ior American Protestantism. We
Irish Catholics are the people, and don't j'ou
forget it.
"In a lecture delivered before a Roman
ish organization at Pawtucket by one, Os
field Junior, I find such expressions as
'hellish,' 'devil,' 'vampires,' 'human scor
pions.' 'midnieht plotters. 1 'church-burn
ing bigots,' etc. These terms are applied
to Protestants who thin* they can get |
along without Pope rule. Junior thinks
otherwise, and his refined, elegant speech
is proof his failh. /
"But I am to s^eak on tbe subject 'Is
Patriotism Petering Out?' I say no, but
pat-riod-ism is. Five years ago a man
would not have dared speak as 1 am doing
now. But the Pope realizes that attacks
by means of rocks and stones must be
done away with. Tne, attack on me three
years ago has done more to put the people
on the right side of the question than any
thing else.
"It is amusing to hear Romish priests
and editors and their subordinates accuse
the A. P. A. organization of foreignism in
its make-up, asserting that there are Or
angemen, British-Americans and other
foreign-born Protestants in it. There are
foreign-born Protestants in the A. P. A.
They probably compose 10 per cent of its
membership. And what of it? Why not
find fault with our forefathers for taking
Lafayette, De Kalb, Pulaski|ana other for- J
eigners? This is a buttle for principles,
not a warfare against race and religion,
except as these" are used as weapons to j
destroy our Nation. But how consistent
to find foult with the A. P. A. for taking
in the Protestant forei/ner, and how kind
not to find fault with Romanism on the
same score. What is t. ere more foreign
in this country than Romanism?
"Now for Father Yorke. He said in a
recent lecture that the Catholics held not
over 3 per cent of the National and State
offices, and by statistics regarding convictß
endeavored to prove that the parochial
schools were not responsible for them.
The following figures were compiled by
Dexter A. Hawkins of New York, and
illustrate the comparative value and worth
of the parochial schools of the Roman
Catholic church and the public schools.
Mr. Haw Kins investigated 10,000 persons
who attended the parochial schools and
10,000 who had received their learning in
the public schools. He found that of the
10,000 from the parochial schools there
were 1400 illiterates, 410 paupers and 16L)
criminals. Froni the public schools there
were 71 illiterate^ 49 paupers ana 11 crim
inals.
"Now, about the National and State
offices. This same authority says there
Beemed not to be a large city in the land
that was not under tbe bondage oi Rome,
and where 80 and 90 per cent of the office,
especially the high salaried, are not filled
by members of thai church. Even Dr.
Washington Gladden, who has so bitterly
denounced the A. P. A. because of its an
tagonism to Romanism, and for bis ser
vices to the Romish church has recently
received the degree of LL.D. from one of
its institutions, says: 'For one I confess
that I cannot look with complacency upon
tne attitude of some of the Roman Catholic
leaders toward the public schools and their
attempts to use the municipal machinery
where they have the power, are not reas
suring.'
"All this means nothine less than that
Peter C. Yorke is an infamous liar."
The speaker then made a general attack
on convents and their inmates. He went
over the old beaten ground, quoting many
authorities in support of his contention
that gross misconduct existed behind the
walls of what he called "female, prisons."
He said there were 1405 such institutions
in the United States with an average of
sixty inmates each.
"The Catholics are leaving their own
church, however," continued Mr. Henry.
"I baptized twenty-live last year myself.
There are ten people coing out to one
going in. The Church News, a Roman
Catholic church paper published at Wash
ington, says: l i he number of deserters
cannot be estimated, but from personal
knowledge we can appreciate the fact that
it runs into the millions.' Such a state
ment is frank to say the least, and that
millions have deserted Romanism in the
United States is undoubtedly true.
"The American Protective Association
holds the balance of power in twenty-nine
States. But it is not only the A. P. A.
that Rome has to contend with, but Ma
sons, 725,000 strong, Odd Fellows, 825,000
in number, and the Knights of Pythia3,
with nearly as many more. There are
2,500,000 Christian Endeavorers and 1,250,-
Epworth Leaguers. I want you to under
stand that political Romanism in America
is petering out. Before next November the
political parties will find that it is well to
stand in with the societies and not the
Roman Catholic church. Tne A. P. A. is
here for the purpose of dragline religion
out of politics, and we will do it sooner or
later.
"Now I leave you with four thoughts.
First, suffer no divisions to come between
you; heal all your differences. Second,
be careful in regard to criticisms; keep
your ranks full; remember the battle can
not be fought in a day; it may be four
years, eight years or four times eight, but
the victory will bo ours ultimately. Third,
pay your way; don't be stingy. Fourth,
support your meetings and support your
members.
"If you do these four things I am sure
good tidings will come to me across the
Rockies. Do all you can between now
and November, but get in your work
quick."
Rev. Mr. Henry will lecture in Oakland
to night and on Tuesday leave for his
home in Chicago.
♦
HIS FAREWELL SERMON.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry Addresses His
Former Congrrearation at the
First Baptist Church.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry preached his final
sermon in this City last night at the First
Baptist Church, where he was formerly
pastor. Extra chairs had to be brought
in to accommodate the crowd who thronged
tho spacious church to hear their old pas
tor preach his farewell sermon.
The speaker suffered greatly from hoarse
ness, yet his naturally strong delivery
made him heard throughout the church.
Rev. Mr. Henry tookT as his subject last
evening '"The Illustrious Son ot God."
In bis sermon he considered the Savior as
the Illustrious One in his divine relation,
in his human relation, in his life, his
death on the cross and his resurrection.
Said the speaker: "On Calvary Jesus
Christ laid down his iife; in the resurrec
tion God raised him up and accepted bis
atonement for the transgressions of man
kind, so that now, indeed, 'whosoever will
may come.' "
Rev. Henry will preach but twice more
in this State, to-night at Oakland and
Tuesday night at Auburn. On Tuesday
evening he starts East, to be back at his
Chicago pastorate Dy Sunday next.
A WOMAN PHYSICIAN
Woman's Federation Wants One
Appointed at the Receiving
Hospital.
Beard of Supervisors to Be Petitioned
to Provide a House of
Detention. •
The Woman State Federation for the
Public Good has decided to present to the
Board of Supervisors at its next meeting a
petition for toe construction or establish
ment in San Francisco of a house of de
tention for women, and if the federation
sees that it cannot get a separate building
it is rumored that they will accept quar
ters in the new municipal building, to
j be erected on the site of the old city hall.
The president, Mrs. Eva E. Bates, says
that the petition will be formulated at the
reeular meeting of the federation, to be
held at 317 Mason street this afternoon.
The federation is making a campaign for
the entire separation of the sexes in
prisons, and they claim that a house of
detention for the temporary incarceration
of women pending a decision in their
cases, can best carry out the idea. Mrs.
Bates also suggests that a separate van.
be provided for women for carrying them
to and, from the courts and the jails. She
greatly deplores the "present practice of
I throwing one or two women into a closed
van with a dozen or more men.
The federation will begin a crusade to
secure the appointment at the Receiving
Hospital of a woman physician to ex
amine the female patients in place of the
physicians that now do that work. Mrs.
Bates thinks it wrong that young girls
should undergo such examination at any
but female hands.
Mothers have recently petitioned the
federation to agitate the resumption of
temperance and anti-cigarette lectures in
tno public schools, and something along
this line will be done.
• There is another thing which Mrs. Bates
tbinics needs attention. The truant school
law is a dead letter, for the reason that it
provides no punishment, and the boys and
girls who play "bookie" know it. The
federation will undertake to get the law
amended, so that the children will have
some respect for it.
• ♦ ♦
SAYFORD TO YOUNG MEN.
Tlia College Kvangelist Addresses a
Meeting of the Y. M. C. A.
S. M. Sayford, the evangelist, whose
special work is among the college under
graduates in America, addressed a young
men's meeting in the Y. M. C. A. audi
torium yesterday afternoon. It was his
last speech on this coast, as he will leave
herein a day or two for Lake Geneva, Wis.,
to be present at the intercollegiate Y. M.
C. A. conference to be held at j.hat place.
Mr. Sayford was one of tne leading spirits
at the initial intercollegiate conference on
this coast, recently in session at Cazadero.
Sonoma County. He says that the at
tendance at the Cazartero conference
promises well for the success of succeeding
meetings. Next year he thinks there will
be over a hundred delegates at Cazadero
or wherever else the meeting may be held,
the Southern Pacific Railroad not being
willing as yet to offer special rates for
next year, because Cazadero is not on oae
of the company's lines.
The intercollegiate Y. M. C. A. secretary
for Oregon has written to Mr. bay ford
that he believes Oregon can bold a confer
ence of its own next year, which would be
attended oy a hundred collegians.
During his address Mr. Sayford re
marked that the Y. M. C. A. building in
San Francisco is the finest. Y. M. C. A.
building in the world. He thought it
would be a lasting reproach to this Ciiy if
it wers allowed to be abandoned because
of the debt that overshadows it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
TO BE MARRIED
AT ST. LUKE'S
The Adderley - Hammond
Wedding Is Set for
Wednesday.
IS A BARON'S DAUGHTER
The Groom Is a Wealthy Land-
Owner of the Bahama
Islands.
AN OAKLAND ENGAGEMENT.
Charming Wedding of Miss Elna Hall
and Robert Auld at Oak Dell.
Kip Surprise.
The wedding of Miss Florence Ham
mond and Stanley Adderley will *c cele
brated on Wednesday at noon at St. Luke's,
on Van Ness avenue.
Miss Hammond, who is a handsome
demi-blonde, talented and accomplished,
Miss Florence Hammond and -Mr. Stanley Adderley, Whose Engagement Is
Announced.
is the daughter of the late Baron Ham
mond.
Mr. Adderley, the happy man in ques
tion, is a native of Nasau, the capital of
the Bahama Islands, where he has large
land interest. 1 :.
He first came to San Francisco on a
visit to his aunt, Mrs. Peat, and became
so enamored of this City that he not only
decided to take up his residence here, but
also induced his people to settle here.
Miss Emily Hammond and Miss Frances
Hammond, sisters of the bride, will offi
ciate as bridesmaids at the approaching
nuptials. P. H. Peat, the well-Itnown
yachtsman, will be best man.
John Peat, Harold Adderley and Fred
and Harry Hammond are to De the ushers.
The list of guests for the wedding in
clude:
Mrs. Flint, Miss Martin. Mrs. Ziel, Mr. and
Mrs. Moore (British Vice-consul), Mr. and Mrs.
Gußtav Ziel, Mrs. Baum, Mrs. and tbe Misses
Strauch.Mrs. and the Misses Wilson, Miss Rey
nolds.R.Hellmann, Mr. .Pace, Mrs. Roussy, Gas
ton Roussy, Mrs. and the Misres McAljan, Mr.
and Mrs. Everett, Mr. and Mrs. L. Osboni.E.
Osborn.Mrs. Austin, Mr. and' Mrs. George Ehr
horn, Mrs. Ehrhorn and the Misses Ehrhorn,
W. McGanley, J. McGanley, Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Ganley, Mrs. Ham, Mrs. Middleton, Mrs. and
Miss Hittell, Miss Vere, Miss Bleidorn, Mr. ana
Mrs. Blackenburg, Mr. and Mrs. Colin Ross,
Mrs. Bustameute and the Misses Escobar, Mr.
and Mrs. George Uellmunn.
An interesting engagement to announce
is that of Theodore Folkers, son of J. H.
A. Folkers, and Miss Ella Jackson, for
merly of Springfield, 111.
Miss Jackson is the niece of Joseph
Thompson, division superintendent oi the
Southern Pacific in -Oakland. She is a
charming brunette, talented and accom
plished. Both of the young people are
residents of Oakland. Although no definite
date has yet been arranged for th« wed
ding, it is announced that it will be cele
brated during August.
Wednesday, June 3, Oak Dell, the
charming dome of Mr. and Mrs. Nathan
Hall of West Bide, Santa Clara County,
was made unusually attractive in honor of
the marriage of their daughter Edna to
Bobert Auldof San Francisco. The hall was
adorned with ft prolusion of the immense
mountain ferns, roses and mignonette, making
a fit entrance to the beautiful rooms beyond.
The front parlor was a dream of beauty— all
in smilax and white swe°t peas; the bay-win
dow embrasure was entirely incised with smi
lax and sweet pesa, wiiile three large cordons
of the frii£rant flower reached from this beauty
bower to the center and either side of the
room. A dado of oak tranches made a fine
background, while depending irom the center
ot the ceiling was a hanging basket of delicate
green vines and waxy white cactus blossoms.
The back parlor was all in lavendar sweet
peas; piano, library and mantel and every
other available place being banked with
them. In the dining-room uink and white
sweet peas were used in great profusion, their
delicate colors making pretty tracery over the
white damask table-cloths and curtains. The
decorations were under the direction of Mes
dair.es Harrison, Abbott, Van Dine and Miss
Singletary.
Rev. Mr. Greely performed the marriage cere
mony in the presence of about forty friends
and relatives ot the family.
The bride looked most lovely m an elegant
white gros de londres Bilk gown, cut demi
train, trimmed with pearl passementerie and
foamy lace. She carried a Douquet ot white
rosebuds and maidenhair fern.
As the clock chimed 12 the bridal party
stepped through the hall door to tbe music o"f
Mendelssohn's wedding march, performed by
Miss May Williams on the violin and Miss
Susie Lydiard, accompanist on tbe piano. The
bride and groom were preceded by Philip New
man, who officiated as groomsman, and Miss
Bertha Hall, the bridesmaid, and they io turn
were preceded by little Frances North, the
maid of honor.
The bridesmaid was gowned most becom
ingly in blue and while silk, trimmed with
white satin ribbon and lace, und carried a bou
quet of pink sweet peas and maidenhair ferns.
The sweet little inuid of honor waa clad iv
white silk and carried a basket of sweet peas.
The bride and groom were conducted to tbe
floral bower in the bay. window, where the cer
emony took place, while Miss Singletary sang
•'Call Mo Thine Own." After roeeivintt the
congratulations of friends, Mr. and Mrs. Auld
led the wav to the dining-room to partake of a
most bountiful wedding breakfast. Over 200
invitations had been *t:nt out for the ceremony
and reception, some of the white-winged mes
sengers finding their way to the Middle, At
lantic and Southern States, and some going as
far us Scotland. The reoeption took place from
2 till 4 :30 o'clock. Nearly all receiving invita
tions were present.
One of the upper rooms was devoted to th c
bride's presents, which consisted of almost
everythinsr manufactured in silverware, also
fine damask, china, drapes, pictures and fur
niture, showing the esteem in which Miss
Edua was held in the hearts of her friends.
The groom's present to his bride »as a mag
nificent diamond brooch, to the bridesmaid a
brooch in the form of a knot of twisted gold
with a diamond In the center, to the grooms
man a scanpiu of the same pattern, while the
litile maid of honor tvns the recipient of a gold
bracelet, set with ten penrls. The bride's gift
to her husband was a beautiful watchcharm.
Among nil the attractive presents, the least
Bhowv but most valuable was a check for
$1000. the gift of the bridti's parents. At
about 5 o'clock Mr. Auld and his bride took
their departure, amid a shower of rice and old
shoes. After a short stay at the Vendome, Mr.
and Mrs. Auld will start north on »n extended
visit.
On Monday evening the Ever Ready Circle
of King's Daughters surprised Professor and
Mrs. A R. Kip at the home of Mrs. Kip's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Abbott, 311
Haight street. The parlors were filled with
the King's Daughters and their friends. After
music aud song ana a service of refreshments,
at a late hour the company parted, singing
"God Be With You Till We Meet Again." Pro
fessor and Mrs. Kip leave this week for their
future home, Hartford, Conn. While en route
they will visit Chicago, Niagara Falls, Toronto
and' Thousand Islands.
On Thursday evenine. June 4, 1890, Charles
11. Hiegins and Miss Millie A. l^kaggs, both of
this City, were united in marrage at 819 Va
lencia street. The house in which the mar
riage took place is a new one, and has been
' nicely furnished throughout for the future
home of the happy pair, and was beautifully
decorated with llowers'for the occasion. The
wedding guests, consisting of the immediate
fnenis of the contracting parties, assembled
in the double parlors, and at 9 o'clock the
bride and groom came in and took their stand
In the bay-window.
The wedding ceremony wa-< performed by
Rev. James Curry, D.D., pastor of the North
Temoscal Presbyterian Church of Oakland,
and an old friend of tne groom.
The bride aopeared very charmingly ar
rayed in a bridal dress of light blue siik and
holding a beautiful bouquet of La France roses.
After congratulation to the bride and groom
and a season of i peasant social intercourse
the party proceeded to ths dining-room and
partook of an excellent wedding supper. Soon
therenfter they departed with many good
wishes for the happiness of the newly wedded
pair. Mr. and Mrs. Hlggins will continue to
reside in the city.
The following named persons were present
at the marriage: Mr. and Mrs. William
Broad, Miss Iter Broad, Mrs. 8. A. Higging,
Mrs. Emma Higgins, Mr. and Mrs. Beuf, F.
Ogden, Miss Helen Ogden. Miss Dora Conlin,
Captain and Mrs. J. F. Higgins, Rev. James
Curry D.D., Chester W. Skaggs, Miss Etta Hig
gins, Chester Higgins, Bert Perry, Mrs. P. J.
Bush and Mr. and Mrs. W. Gillam.
The play of 'As You Like It" was admirably
rendered for the flower fete in Alameda on the
29th of May. Rosalind was charmingly por
trayed by Miss George Elliott, daughter of
Charles E. Elliott of Alameda, who has been
studying for some time with Mrs. Melville
Snyder, who directed the whole play, which
went as smoothly as if played by professionals.
The Pacific Coast Association Native Sons of
Vermont will hold a reunion jjid social at
Odd Fellows' Kail on Friday evening, June 12.
The programme will include the last act of
Donizetti's favorite opera, "La Favorita," with
Frank Valerga as Fernando, Hnd Miss Florenoe
Ftiircliild as Leonora. A one-act farce entitled
"Aunt Sophia's Summer Boarder," will also
be played by Thomas Kremer and Miss Ethel
lirahnin.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 9, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, and Pacific Parlor No. 10,
Native Sons of the Golden West, have jointly
issued invitations for a dancing party on
Thursday evening, June 25, at Native Sons'
Hall.
On Saturday evening, June 13. Mission Par
lor No. 38, Native Sons of the Golden West, will
give an up-to-date- old clothes party in their
hall, Seventeenth, abeve Valencia. This parlor
is one of the leading social parlors in the
City, and is always on tho alert for something
new and unique in the way of socially enter
taining its many friends. Features novel and
original, appertaining to a party of this kind,
will be presented, and "Weary Waggles" will
be well represented in the grand march.
Mission Parlor intends going to Stockton on
the coming 9th of September, by the river
route. They have chartered a boat tor the
occasion and propose having a continuous en
tertatnineut and dance on their moonlight
excursion, the night of September 8. The
profits oi their "old clothes" party will be de
voted to defraying the expenses of entertain
ment and refreshments on Admission day.
A party was given by Miss Emma Herrscher
at the home of her grandmother, 828 Post
street, in honor of her graduation at Mrs.
Clark's Dancing Academy. Games, music,
dancing and recitations were greatly enjoyed
by the little folks.
Among those present were: Miss Nellie
Bowlan, Emma Hahn, Leonie McColgan, Lu
cille Kelly, Mattie Brooks, Delia Van Vorst,
Lillian Van Vorst, Nancy Levy, lrene McArdle,
Clara Osborn and Gertie McArdle.
The engagement is announced of Miss Gussie
fcchlesinger and Dr. Joseph Bayer. At home
Sunday and Wednesday, the lith and 17th
inst., from 2 to 6 P. M., at 613 Ellis street.
Mrs. M. Kalmuk End Miss Kalmuk leave on
the 31st inst. for Europe, to be gone six
months.
Miss Nan Lacy has returned to her home In
this City after a two mouths' visit witu Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Edwards of Santa Barbara.
William J. Dutton and family have changed
their residence from 1001 Pine street to 952
Bush.
Miss Lucy May Jackson has returned to her
home here after an absence of three years, dur
ing which she made 'the tour of Europe and
spent a year in Boston enjoying the best
musical tuition. Before going abroad Miss
Jackson graduated irom Ogonta.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
The Summer Dullness Accel
erated by the Tax Un
certainty.
MEASURES TO PREVINT IT.
List of Sales by Various Firms, To
gether With the Week's
Record.
The general quiet that nas prevailed in
the market for the past month or more
has been added to by the uncertainty that
exists regarding the action of the Board of
Supervisors concerning next year's tax
levy. It wos the general hope, if not ex
pectation, that calculations wonld be made j
to reduce the tax rate this year, and if this
should be done it would stimulate the
market more than anything that could
happen just now. That a repetition oi last
year's levy will not occur without a big
fight is certain. A concerted movement
will be made by heavy taxpayes and others
who are interested to ward off this im
pending danger, and plans to this end are
now being quietly iormulated.
"Land is the basis of all values," says
BlacKstone; and when through the me
dium of high and excessive taxation land
values are greatly depreciated it strikes a
blow at the community that is the victim
of such a wrong that is far reaching in its
effect. It is to be hoped, the real estate
men say, that the Board of Supervisors
will be made to realize the injury that the
proposed tax levy would prove to San
Francisco and that instead a reduction
from the 2.25 rate of last year will be se
cured.
A quiet market during the summer
months is generally the rule, but this year
the dullness has commenced earlier than
usual and brokers assert that it is brought
about by this uncertainty in regard to
next year's tax levy.
REVIEW OF THE KECORDS.
There were sixty-nine mortgages re
corded last week aggregating $177,946.
The princical ones and the Becurity given
were as follows:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety ior one year at 6}4 per cent. $20,000 j
on Tots 7 to 11, 13 to 18, 24 to 47, 49, 50. 57,
58. 60 to 64, 75, 79 to 93, 97, 111 to 128, 130
to 135, 141 to 144. 149, 152, 153, 159, 161, 163,
192 and 197 to 200 of the Hc-yman Tract;
and by the same for one year at 61^ per
cent, $13,000 on property on the west line
of Franklin street, 1O3:1J^ feet south of
Fulton, south 103:lV2, west 57:6, north 17,
west 10:6, north 20::^ west 4:6. north 31:6,
west 10, north 34:4^ and east 82:6.
The number of releases recorded last
week was 53, aggregating $345,225. The
principal ones were:
By Emily Hopkins, distributee of the
estate of Moses Hopkins, to Jacob Hev
man, $114,000 on lots 1 to 17 block 24, Jots
14 to 16 block 23, subdivisions of San Mi
guel rancho, and on land bounded on the
north by Twenty-second street, on the
east by Douglass, on the south by Eliza
beth, on the west by the Ocean House
road, containing 17.59 acres; and by the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Mary A. Bailey, $95,000, on property on
ths northwest line of Market street, 52:1^8
feet northeast of Golden Gate avenue,
northeast 50. northwest 80:10, south 12:8,
west 13, south 25, west 21, southeast 70.
There was some improvement shown
last week in the number and amount of
building contracts recorded the past week.
The number filed was twenty-three, ag
gregating $87,191. The particulars of these
contracts were, as usual, given each day as
tiled in The Call.
There were just an even hundred trans
fers recorded la^t week.
During the month of May there were 402
mortgages recorded, aggregating $1,296,
-623. There were 234 releases granted dur
ing the same period, aggregating $1,389,533.
MISCELLANEOUS 50TES.
To day at noon G. H. Umbsen & Co. will
offer at auction the old French Hospital
property on Bryant street; also a large
list of miscellaneous properties, most of
which are very desirable.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold for
Irving M. Scott to a Philadelphia lady a
portion of the fifty-vara lot recently pur
chased by him from J. B. Randall, and lo
cated on the northeast corner of Washing
ton and Laguna streets. The piece sold is
36:2x127:8K, and the price was $18,000.
The lady who purchased the lot intends to
erect thereon a residence for herself. The
same firm has sold for Alfred Bouvier his
residence on the north side of Broadway,
east of Scott street aod adjoining W. F.
Herrin's dwelling. The lot is 50x100 and
the consideration was $20,000. Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. also report the following
sales:
A lot, 25x70, on the south line of Twenty
first street, near Potrero avenue, $700; lot,
50x125, on the west line of Church street, near
Sixteenth, $4000; lot on the west line of
Tenth avenue, near Clement, 25x120, $900 ;
lot and improvements on the north line of
Sutter street. 25 feet east of Jones, 21x(i5, $10,
-700; lot, 41:5x120, on the east line of Eleventh
avenue, near Clement, $1500.
Sales are reported by G. H. Umbsen &
Co. as follows:
Improvement^ at 407 and 409 Octnvia street
and lot 34x85. lf7>>o; improvements, 1160
Haight street, i.d lot, 27x120, $6350: im
provements, 908 and 910 Geary street, and
lot, 30x80, $8450: improvements, 741 Ellis
gtrset, and lot, 27 :6x120 to roar street, $9650;
fonr lots in West En.l Map 2, .?450; lot 50:llx
114, north line nt Twenty-eighth street, 101 :10
east of Ellen, $300; lot 305120, west line of
Bartlett street, 170 feet south of Twenty
third, $2400; flats at 1768 and 1770
Howard street, and lot 25x75, $5750;
two lots, each 25x100, west line of San
chez street, 26:6 north of Elizabeth, $900
earn; three flats at 10 Walter street and lot,
25x100, $4250; Improvements at 124 North
avenue and lot. 25x128:9, $1825; improve
ments and lot, 25x127:6, north line of Wash
i'aton street, 130:6 west of Buchanan,
$4612 50; improvements and lot, 26x100, east
linf of Wisconsin street, 278 north oi Bierra.
$900; lot on east line of Lyon street, 32:854
soutli ot Jackson, 3ox9l, $2100; Improvements
at 24 Norfolk street and lot, 25x55, $1100.
Henry P. Sonntag of the firm of Bovee, '
Toy & Sonntag is directing a movement
of property-owners to prevail upon the
Supervisors to resoind the order which de
clares Golden Gate avenue a bouievard be
tween Van Ness uvenue and Market. It
is contended that this portion of the
avenue is needed for busiuess purposes,
and it is hoped that the board can be in
duced to pee the justice of these repre
sentations and grant their petition.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will, on Satur
day, June 20, offer at auction about
seventy-five building lots, desirably located
in Redwood City. On the 27th inst. they
will hold an auction sale of some of the
finest property in Santa Clara County,
being none other than a portion of the
famous Murphy ranch, located within
about eight miles of San Jose. This is
considered as choice land as there is in
the State. They will offer about 400 acres
that has been subdivided into tracts,
averaging ten acres eacn. The firm will
probably run a special excursion train on
the day of the sale.
The following sa!e3 are reported by
Baldwin & Hammond:
Lot and improvements on the west line of
Octavia street. 106 feet south of Union, 31:6 x
72, for $2200; lot and improvements on the
east line of Leavenworth street, 6o:6 feet south
oJ Clay, 30x100, $5750: lot and improvements
on the enst side o| Stevenson, 160 feet north of
Ridley, 25x77:6, $3925: lot and improvements
on southwest corner of Minna and Mary streets,
27:6x57:<>, $0000: lot on the southeast corner
of Shrader and Waller streets. 35x100, $3250 ;
lot on tbe northeast corner of Thirty-tilth
avenue and D street, 120x450, $3800; lot on
the east side of Eighth ri venue, 100 feet north
efj street, 25x120, $625; lot on the west line
of Fourteenth avenue, 88:6 feet south of B
street, 44:2x133, $750; lot on the south side
of M street, 57:6 west of Tenth avenue, 50x
100, $675; lot on the west line of Second
avenue, 2-5 feet north of Clement street, 25x
120, $1050; lot on tne north line of Twenty
fourth street, 175 east of Nebraska, 25x100,
$950.
Tde demand for lots in Richmond con
tinues good in the block bounded by Elev
enth and Twelfth avenues, California and
Lake 3treets. Thirty-seven lots have been
sold up to date by this nrrn. The tales
made by them in the Castro-street Addi
tion are as follows:
Lots 1, 2 and 3in block 9, at the price of
$1300; lot 6 block 9, $375; lot 2H block 4,
$400; lot 14 block 8, $400; lots 10 and 11
block 8, at $400 each ; lot 27 block 4 at $400.
Recent sales made by O. G. May & Co.,
Berkeley, are as follows:
F. R. Whitcomb to M. D. Buck, lot 45x130,
corner of Union and Bancroft way; F. U.'Whit
comb to F. E. Fitcher, lot 45x130 on Fulton
street, near Durant avenue; J. A. Green to
Mary Miller, corner of Fifth atreet and AUstnn
way, size 100x147; Hale to Wilson, lot 25x120
in block 20 of Scenic Park Tract.
GROWING FITCHBURG.
It la Attracting the Attention of San
Francisco and Oakland
Investors.
•A thriving and growine" suburb across
the bay that is attracting a great deal of
attention i 3 Fitchbur?. It is the second
station east of Fruitvale on the Southern
j Pacific main line to Stockton and Sacra
mento and fronts the new electric road
running from Oakland to San Leandro
and Haywards. It is systematically laid
out into uniform blocks, with graveled
streets, shade trees and city water, and
possesses churches, schools and many
other modern conveniences. It fronts on
Oakland harbor and extends to the only
county road leading eastward out of Oak
i land. In the mater of transportation
i facilities it is on a par with either Oakland,
! Berkeley or Alameda, as twenty-six fast
I ferry trains run daily to and from £an
Francisco and San Leandro, all of which
stop it the handsome and commodious
passenger station at Fitchburg. It was
first Jaid out in 1890, since which time
nearly 250 lots have been sold, while the
present population is over 300. •
As evidence of the esteem in which
Fitchburg is held by shrewd investors the
names of a few of the lot-owners there is
given herewith, viz.: W. K. Vanderslice,
jeweler, Sutter street, San Francisco; A.
H. Hayes, capitalist, Massachusetts; By
ron Jackson, inventor and machinist, San
Francisco; A. Ballard, San Francisco;
estate late United States Senator Miller;
Charles M. Plum, furniture and carpets,
Market street, San Francisco; J. D. Siebe,
City and County Assessor, San Francisco;
Alfred W. Root, capitalist, Los Aneeles;
Eudora M. Clover, Washington, D. C. ;
Henry S. Bridge, merchant tailor, San
Francisco: Justin Gates, druggist, San
Francisco; Southern Pacific Railroad
Company; M. J. Laymance, real estate,
Oakland, and Dr. Laura A. Baliard, San
Francisco.
Tne low prices at which the lots are sold
and the easy terms of payment make it an
inducement for people of moderate means
to invest. The lots are 25 and 50 by 10J and
sell at from $125 per lot upward. Only 10
per cent of the purcha?e price is required
for the first payment and the balance can
be paid . in small monthly installments*.
Detailed information in regard to the
property can be obtained from T. S.
Fitch, 918 Broadway, Oakland, or W. F.
McClure, 19 Montgomery street, San Fran
cisco. _________________
THE BOMBYCINE MOTH.
Uncle Sain Is Paying Fancy Prices for
a Work on It.
In tbe document-room of tbe Senate is
a text for Senator Vest or for Senator
Allen — preferably Mr. Vest, for it needs
his caustic tongue to do justice to the oc
casion.
The seventh part of the memoirs of the
National Academy of Sciences has just
made its appearance. It i 3 an immense
volume of nearly 500 pages, quarto size,
and printed on the finest and heaviest
white paper. There are a hundred pages
or more of the costliest plates, with still
more expensive colored lithograph pic
tures. The cost of the volume must have
been considerable, but the Government
Printing Office did the work, and the tax
payers foot the bills, even though the ap
propriations are running up to half a bil
lion dollars.
What is it all about ?
Bombycine moths!
And not one man in a hundred thou
sand knows a bombycine moth when he
sees it, of would be benefited by the
knowledge. — Washington Post.
NEW TO-DAY.
H ||i i ■»■ 111111111 II i II ll*
Take No Substitute*.
Gail Bordcn
Eagle Brand
_._-_.. .CONDENSED MILK
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
tion of the American People. No other is
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
LmgTt n .£ B_^bv cj HA flj L ft*! '-> E&* Vv- 1 . ' *^r
sSfnu VBa mm S3 !_H B_ vHI
SIGNATURE . '^K^
OO^J^^ ** now 2
v "*^ printed in i
; BLUE, diagonally $^n^ t
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of c
i _____ ______ _________ m
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- f
tection against all imitations. *»
Agents for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS rN. Y.
"DON'T PUT OFF TILL MORROW: THE
DUTIES OF TO-DAY." BUY A CAKE OF
3APOLIO
K^ MANHOOD REST9REDSS
I"<O#s tionoi a /amonsFrcnch pbjsldan.will quickly cure you ol all ncr»
f^ "<? <Sf mS .<£% » tlon 0I * f » m ons French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
I \>V'--",c.\ 7XT "^ \\ J OU3 or , diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
s1 Si _S4fi/ Vl *&&) Insomnia, I'ainsln the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
m V g^L T *Gty Pimples, tlnfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
a '■■-->v r V -■'"■■'■ i-/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
; SI i ; >»• ■'-■ ness of discharge, which If notcb<»ckp<Jipa<ls to Spermatorrhoea and
' I BEFORE and AFTER all the horror- of Impotency. 4TPIDENK cleanses liver, thl
8 Bbrwi-E. and «r i en itidneysandthenrinaryorgranaof all impurities. -.'
■* CVPIDEKE strenethensoDdrestoressmail weak organs. ---■,•-
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is becnuse ninety per cent are troubled with
Pro«t»tlttft. CUPIDENE Is the only kno^n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
els. A writt*u guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*
a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for free circular and testimonials. ..-...• -
Address DAVOL MEDICINJ2 r CO,» 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by ;
BKOOKS' -"HAKMACY, 118 Powell SttdOfc
' NEW TO-DAY. ,
Mnnyon's .Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Mutiyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion arid stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the luntrs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of pile*. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's B^ood Cure eradicates all im-
I purities of the. blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
| to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price, $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates
: the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
i tarrh Tablets— price — cleanse and heal
I the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
i nerve tonic. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's VitaJizer restores lost vigor.
Price, 1 1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
i druggists, mostly 25c a vial. v
. 1 .Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Take this advice and you will indeed be
safe! Hive you been foolish and nursed
a private disease, hoping that nature
would cure it, instead of seaking good
treatment? Have you committed follies
that you are ashamed to own to, and
which are draining your vital forces
hourly? If so, why not go to the one per-
son on earth that
YOU KNOW
will give you help? Your secret is safe in
his keeping; your health will certainly be
restored, and you can go back to your
work with a good heart and a clear con-
science. Every private disease of both
eexen is promptly and satisfactorily cured,
tor Dr. Sweany has spent a lifetime in the
study of these peculiar ailments. Lost
Manhood unfailingly restored. Treatment
by mail is always successful. Write if you
can't call. Office hours— 9 to 12 a.m. and
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p.m.; Sundays 10 to 12
A. M. only. Address :.; : .
F. L. SWEANY, H. P., «_"„!£££<=-.
4&U-IYSI
IS THE VERY BIiST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own invention,
! whose superiority has not been equaled. -My suo*
cess him been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. v.
<s*-i^_-S9_Bkf*>Aai Bi = ff is a non-poisonous
<<_d^H^^^^^t_i__ ro " 1( -dy for Gouorrhcea,
___a^^CtJREb^BB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
_{_H-r in 'to 5 daysAyj Whites, unnatural dis-
-1 MB&w Quuinieed V charges, or any iaflamma-
; __™_[ not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
I |f~-™i?revects conugloa. tion of mucous mum-
L gyr^THEEVANS CHEMinuCo. bran « 8 - Non-astringent.
VSA CINCINNATI,!) •■RSI Sold by 3)rn «*** to '
USA J&2?T or sent in Plain wrapper,
Jri&l%%^ ' * _-0W by express, prepaid, for
' • / 2W___fc9_P^°ll f. 1 - 00 - or 3 bottloa, 53.75.
*^^BB^» V m Circular sent or. ' iwst.
910
In Fraternal Bonds
Order Eastern Star.
Grand Patron Merritt visited Josephine
Chapter at Chico last Thursday. On the Satur
day previous he was received by Mohno Chap
ter of Tehama. On that occasion Miss Dora
Gyle, daughter of the worthy matron of the
chapter, was Initialed a member, tho grand
patron conferring the degrees. The event was
followed by a banquet. At that meeting the
chapter received three applications.
Miss Billings, worthy matron of Harmony
Chapter, has just returned from a visit East.
l>ast Monday Mrs. Maigren, D. D. G. M., paid
an officikl visit to Semper FideUs Chapter at
Liverinore.
On Thursdr.y, May 28, Lodi Chapter was
organizea at Lodi with thirty-five members.
The ceremony oi institution was witnessed by
delegations from Stockton and Woodbridge.
Tl.e officers elected are: Mr^. Nellie 1 . .Norton,
\V. M. ; Charles W. Norton, W. P. ; Mrs. Nellie
E. le Moinc, A.M.; Miss Florence Hoffman,
secretary.
Mr:>. Lauritzen, D. D. G. M., paid an official
visit on last Wednesday to Atnena Chapter at
Hollister.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows-
Canton No. S, Patriarchs Militant, will pay a
visit his evening to Canton No. 8, at Santa Rosa.
Grand Master Warboys was in this City last
week. He has announced the following official
visitations: June 9, Friendship Lodge, Middle
Lake, Lake County; 10th, Clear Lake Lodge, at
Lower Lake: 11th, Lakeport Lodge: 13th, Lup
yoma Lodge, Kelseyville, and on the 13th, Upper
Lake Lodge. He will pay afternoon visits to
Kebekah lodges in Lake County as follows: June
9, Oro Fino Loige, at Mlddletown; 10th, Clear
Lake Ix>dge, at Lower Lake; 11th, Triple .Lake
Ix>dge, at Lakepor;: 13th, Queen of the Lake
Lod^e. at Upper Lake.
- On Bat m day last Grand Patriarch Reid insti
tuted a new encampment at Benicia with twenty
cnarter members.
The new digest of the Sovereign Grand Lodge,
containing all the laws of the order, is now to be
had at the office of the grand secretary.
<.r.;:ul Scribe W. H. Barnes left yesterday for
Buffalo, N. V., a< a delegate to the Supreme
Loiiue. A. O. D. \V., vice J. >. Young, resigned. At
the concilia lon of the Supreme Lodge session he
vi ill visit several places in the has ana deliver
addresses. Ihe territory he is to visit will include
New York, the New Kngland States and Georgia
W. B. Wheeler of Kin s city has been appointed
district depot : grand mas for Monterey County.
He is a prominent member of the order and pro- i
prietor and editor of the Kings City settler. His |
appointment is hailed with pleasure by the Odd
Fellows Of the district.
Ancient Order Uuited Workmen.
Last Wednesday evening the Pacific Drill Team.
of U.ik land visited Valley Lodge of this City and
initiated eight candidates. The team conferred
both degrees. The manner in which the ritual
istic work was performed received many words of
commendation. A banquet followed the ceremony. ;
The Pacific Drill Team will confer degrees at i
Temescal to-night, and to-morrow It will confer I
the degrees i.i Koystone Lodge
J. a. Young, P, G. M. W., being unable to attend I
ihe .-upreiue Lodze session, tendered bis resist- j
uatioc, and W. H. Barnes, P. G. M. W., was ap- j
pointed to til. tue vacancy. He left for the East
on Sunday evening.
Grand Recorder Hirshberg and Past Grand Chief
of Honor Mrs. M. J. &tewart left for Buffalo last
Thursday to attend the session of the superior
Lodge. .Degree of Honor. The grand recorder will j
al.sci attend ihr senniou of the Supreme Lodge, |
which will hold its sessions in the same < ity.
1 he commissions for ihe district deputies, re
cently appointed, are nearly realy for distribution.
Angel City Lodge Degree of Honor will give a
pink social Id Los Angeles to-night.
Vista Lodge ins initiations at every meeting. :
The membership was increased by five during the j
nionta of May.
The Ca.iiornia Workman, the new official organ !
o: the order, made Its appearance on last Wednes
day. It is an eight-page 'publication, printed in 1
lar^e, clear type, ami is filled with matter care
fully edited and of in.crest to every \Vorkman.
The statistical matter is well arranged, and taken
as a whole, It shows that John Hoesch, the editor
and manager, knows bow to get up a fraternal
paper.
Improved Order of Red Men.
On the last Friday in May, Great Chief Jackson
aud Great Chief o: Record < Burgman paid a visit
to Santa tin Tribe at Fore Bragg, Menilocino County.
They were jo.ned at that place by Grand Junior
Sagamore F. A. Wbipple and attended a special
meeting of the lodg- to show how well the officers
could initiate a paleiace. The work called for the
compliments of t'\e visitors. The Red Men's Sil
ver Cornet Band played concert music in honor of
the visitors, and following there was a procession,
reception and banquet.
Last Thursday night Soioyome Tribe conferred
the chief* de«ie<-.
On the . Bth of last month Modoc Tribe adopted
four palefaces and on last Thursday Bight con
ferred the Hunters' Degree.
The great chiefs paid a visit last Wednesday
night to Gray Eagle '1 ribs at Oakland, and they
were accompanied by delegations from Pawnee
and Tecuinseh tribes
Pottawattomie Tribe adopted two palefaces last
Mi'nday and will confer the degrees to-night.
Pohonachee Tribe will give an evening to Its
fiieii'.s in Washington Hail on the 12ih inst.
The indications are thai there will be a large at
tendance at the picnic to be given by the order at
Sunset Park on the Fourth of July. Two thou
sand tickets have already been issued and the sale
of these has been very ac:ive.
The general committee is making arrangements
to entertain the representatives to the Great Coun
cil. On Tuesday evening, August 4, there will be
a competitive exhibition by the various degree
teams for a prize of $100: Wednesday night a re
ception and ball in Native Sons' Hall and on
Thursday an entertainment at nutro Baths and in
the fvening'a banquet.
>. very Saturday nigh: between the present time
and the Saturday previous to the meeting of the
Great Council members of the order wlil be Ini
tiated into the mysteries of the "Haymakers' De
gree." one that is productive of more fun than a
box' of monkeys, It Is expected that before the
council meets 300 members will have taken the
degree. r '.j.-?>r:: - .
Daughters of Pocahontas.
Montezuma Council held a reception last Thurs
day night that was well by members of
local tribes and councils Among the visitors was
Mrs. E. D. Weymoutu'os Los Anxreles. '
A farata Council cave a bonbon party in Wash
ington Hall on the last Friday in May. It was
wel. attended, and was a financial as welt as a so
cial success.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
On (be evening of the first meeting in July the
members ot Court Lincoln will give a smoker to
its friends. ' On the 23d of August It will give a
party in social Hall, 102 O'Farrell street.
A: -1 he last held meeting Court Eureka conferred
degrees on two candidates.
'.On Thursday, Che "sth inst., Court Sherwood
Forest will give a grand deer hum parly in Social
.Hull, Foes <r>' bulldinr. ,
At a web -attended meeting of Court German
/ nir-r en 1. st Thursday two candidates were ini
tiated. ■ : ,
At the executive council meeting held on the
last Saturday in May High Chief Ranger Case
named a number of his deputies. -
Many of the younger Courts are>nx!ously await
liic the time when the new ritual shall go into
effect
A new court will be Instituted in Healdsburs by
M. P. Light this evening.
High Court Junior Beadle C. Freye has been con
fined to his home by a severe attack of rheum -
tisni. . :":'•■■
Hi_'h Court Treasurer George W. Lunt was in
Uklah last week op business connected with the
order. ■.-„".* ' ■■ .
Arrxngements for the Foresters' picnic to be
lie:<i in san Jose on the 17th inst. are about com
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W bELUCK & CO., '
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
' BRANCH OFFICE •
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. S. PUBDV, Manager. '
Orders instantly : executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
plete. It is expected that there will be a large
attendance from this City and from Oakland.
Foresters of America.
Court Castroville No. 149 was instituted on last
Thursday evening with 25 charter members in
CastroviHe. Monterey County, by C H. Bremer,
grand secretary, assisted ;by J. E. Cox, grand
trustee, Deputies Thomas Sewall, George
Wngner, H. V. M. Mueller and James Healing
and the officers and members of Courts Pajaro
Valley Rose No. 44 of Watsonvtlle, and Santa
Lucia No. 70 of Salinas. Tbe following were in
stalled as the officers: Frank G. Rose J. P. C. R.,
W. F. McGuigan C. R., E. W. Griffin, S. C. X., J.
P. Mitchell treasurer. P A. Maloney financial
secretary, J. P. Jordan recording oecretary, .1. W.
Troxell S. W.. D. E Farrisey J. W.. J. M. Walsh
8. 8., J. T. lia Bree J. 8., G. M. Moore, J. L. 1 oug
lass and James McCarthy trustees. Dr. John
Parker physician.
Companions of the Forest.
The business of the ninth annnal session of the
Grand Circle was completed on Thursday evening,
the following being the officers installed at said
I session: Mrs. A. B. Andrews of No. 161, Los An
i gt'les. past grand chief companion; Mrs. M. A.
I Duke of No. 2, San Francisco, grand chief com-
I panion: Mrs. E. Harrington of No. 215, San Fran
cs' o. grand sub-chief companion : Miss Bertha
i Hintze of No. 38, San Francisco, grand treasurer:
Miss A. D. Bremer of No 64, Alameda, grand sec
retary; Mrs. E. J. N. Stein wig of No. '29, San Fran
j cis/o," grand marshal; Mrs. T. Muegge of >o. 209,
DR. E. G. CASr.,
High Chief Ranger, A. O. F.
Woodland, grand guard ; Miss Alice Lock wood of
No. 155, Petaluma, grand sentry; Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ec of No. 103, San Francisco, grand organist:
Mrs. M. E. Read of No. 104, San Francisco, Mrs.
M. A. Coleman of No. 263, Santa Barbara, and
Mrs. C. Goldman of No. 58, San Francisco, grand
trustees. ; ";:
Independent Order of Foresters.
Thursday evening Court Diana held a well
attended meeting. One candidate was initiated
and three applications were received. Those who
visit this court are Impressed with the officer* who
! do the work, and candidates who are Initiated Into
| the mysteries of the order are likewise Impressed
| with the solemnity of the ritual. For many
■ months not a meeting night has passed but some
■ member has proposed a name.
Court Gridley, organized in 1892, has been in
creaslne Its membership. At its next meeting it
will act on five applications. This court has not
had a death since its organization; it has, however, j
! one member who became permanently disabled, j
j and iii a short time be will be paid $1500, one-half
of his beneticiai-y certificate. The other halt will
be held and paid to his heirs upon bis death.
On the last Saturday in May Court Redondo cel
ebrated the sixth anniversary of its Institution in
! Foresters' Hall. A nood and interesting pro
gramme was presented and W. H. Perry of Los
; Angeles, high secretary of state, delivered an ap
, propriate address-
United Ancient Order of Druids.
[ The noole grand arch, accompanied by L. J.
Hchord, P. S, A.; E. L. Waener. P. N. G. A. : J. J.
MollUon, G. .S.. and delegations from Hesperian
| and Templar groves, paid an official visit to Oak
land Grove on the last Friday in May. j There was
j also present a large delegation from Roma Grove.
' The noble grand arch paid a high compliment to
' the visited lodge for the good work It has done in
. the past term. District Deputy Grand Arch J. A.
! Devoto and Grand secretary Mollison made ad
-1 dresses, after which all present were invited by the
office s of [t>e grove to a banquet.
At its last held meeting Korua Grove initiated
i fonr candidates and conferred the second and third
j degrees on several candidates entitled to receive
I them.
! Hesperian Grove received several applications
last week.
The Grand Grove will meet In Druids' Hall on
' Tuesday morning, June 16, at 10 o'clock. One
hundred and fifty delegates will be in attendance.
Golden Star and Boadlcea circles have appointed
: a committee of arrangements lor a. picnic.
! The half yearly report from .Norm Island, New
: Zealand, shows that a Grand Grove was organized
i there and that it held its first sesalon at Wang&nui.
j The order In that section during the past two years
• has doubled Its' membership, which is now 2500.
: The officers are located at Wunganui.
Native Son* of the Golden West.
The California Flambeau Club, composed of
members of California Parlor, will give a masque
rade ball on the evening of the Sd of July in Na
j tive Sons' HalL
I The several committees are at work on the ar
| rangements for the celebration of the anniversary
; of the raising of the American flag at Monterey on
! the 7th of July.
All the parlors have received an invitation from
; the Fourth of July Committee to take part in the
; celebration of the Fourth.
The committee, of which Frank|L. Coombs is
1 chairman, will meet this week to revise, the ritual
and curtail it. ' '
A circular has been issued to all the. parlors call
ing attention to the anniversary of the raising of
; the bear flag at Sonoma on the 13 h inst., and ask
i ing for co-operation, so that the Native Sons may
I be fittingly represented in the event. . •
| National Parlor elected the following officers
I last Thursday: D. E. Murden, P.; W. M. Brown,
] first V. P.; y. E. Krooger, second V. P.; W. G.
j Earr, third V. P.; Carleton H. Johnson, R. 8.; G.
; J. White. F. 8.: P. G. dv Py, T.; W. E. Fett, M.;
C. W. Heyer, trustee: Nathan Rogers, Ml)., sur
i geon; L. A. Hufschmidt, organist.
iAst Thursday evening Hesperian Parlor elected
j officers as follows in . Its hall ,on Seventeenth
! street: 'S. 8. Foster, P. ; L. B. Daggett, first V. P.:
! C. A. Brady, second V. P.; H. T. Shepston, third
V. P.; George E. Boyle, R. 8.; William S. Morse,
j F. 8. ; George B. Scott, T. ; E. B. Carson, Charles
Ewlngand George P. '1 heller, trustees; Dr. H. A.
Andrews, surgeon. .
Cal. Ewing, who was elected marshal.;will have
the honor of leading the elite parlor of the Mission
I during the celebration on the 9th of September.
Hesperian Parlor Is making active preparations
for this event. ' - - - ■- :..>.
Native Daughters.
The grand officers of the Grand Parlor of the
I Native Daughters of the Golden West have been
i very busy last week getting ready for the session •
| of the Grand Parlor which is to be held in Napa
: commencing to-morrow.
Jr. Order of United American Mechanics.
I State Councilor Scbaertzer has returned from bis
j visit to Placervllle Council. He was well received,
! and delivered an 'add at an open meeting,
j which was well attended. His address had the
j effect of enlightening a great many people In regard
j to the order and its purpose. He stated that the
order is not against any' roan on account of
nationality or creed, but is opposed to any man
I who brings religion Into politics. On the night fol
lowing' that, meeting there was another, and a
banquet in honor of the visitor. '
Next Saturday the State Councilor, accompanied
by D. 8. Stanley, one of the representatives from
this state to the National Council thai is to meet in
Denver, Colo., will pay an official visit to the coun
cil in Sacramento.
The representatives from this State to the
National Council are F. A. Tlbbetts, 8. J. Theisen,
D. S. Stanley and C. N. Wilson. ' They will leave
< this City during the week, and will be accom
i panied by H. C.\Bchaertzer, who is one of the
I National committeerneu.
'.Garfleld Council will give a smoker in Shiels
buildiug on the 22d inst., and U. S. Grant Council
will give on- on the 26th.
A dispensation baa been granted to all council's
in this State to parade with regalia on the Fourth
of July. In Issuing this dispensation the State
councilor expressed the hope that every council
will turn out.
On the last Wednesday in the current month the
Daughters of Liberty will meet in this City 'to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
select a representative to the National Council
that is to mePt in New Hampshire.
-National Councilor Simons of the Daughters of
Liberty has abandoned the idea of visiting this
coast.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Recorder Curry and M. I* Crowe have
gone to Louisville, Ky., as representatives from
this State to the Supreme Lodge that will hold its
first session there to-morrow.
On the last Saturday in May tbe grand dictator
was with thelodseat Newman. Las' Monday he
visited Yerba Bueua Lodge, on Tuesday he was
with Germania Lodge, on Thursday he visited the
lodso in Alameda, initiated candidates, and later
! in the evening be visited Keystone Lodge.
i Last Friday Ivy Lodge initiated ten candidates.
To-morrow Grand Diciator Archibald will visit
Hie lodtje in San Jose, on Wednesday be will
visit Watsonvllle, and on Thursday he will be
in Santa Cruz. After that he will take a rest for
a few days.
Last 'l hursday n Ight was not only a ptala night
for Keystone Lodge, but it was a busy one. Ihe
i following named were elected officers for the en
i suing term: Dictator, Charles H. Holcomb: vice
dictator, Louis Thome; assistant, 3. L. Long; re
porter. Fred Raisch ; financial reporter, N. Rose;
treasurer, William B. Currier: chaplain, E. F. Joy;
1 guardian, Charles Rupari; sentinel. John Brandt
i jen: past dictator, R. Waite; trustees, E. F. Joy,
I Fred Raabe and R. Walte. Previous to the elec-
I tlon twenty-five candidates were initiated into the
aiysterles of Knighthood, the work of tbe degree
team being performed in a very creditable man
ner. Not ouly did the team— composed of R.
Walte, P. D.; Charles H. Holcomb. D.-. Louis
Thorne, V. D.: John Foley, A. U.: Fred Raabe, G.,
! ana Frank Lane, organist— win many compliments,
but every Knight present felt proud of it. The
business over, small tables v.ere brought into the
■ hall and a delightful repast served. Then there
I was a high jinks that lasted until 1 o'clock In the
; morning. Among those present were Grand Dlc
■ tutor Archibald and District Deputies Ben I. Sol
omon, A. X Kipps and L. Balart.
Liberty Lodge elected its officers for the ensuing
■ term last Monday night. From ihe number
' present It is saff to say that it lakes an election to
I draw the members to the lodgeroom. The follow-
R. M. Mcl ENNAN.
High Court Auditor, A. O. F.
ing knights were chosen: J. Johnson, P. D.;
Jules Voislner. D.; Harry Burton, V. D. ; Ed J.
Taylor, A. l>.; B. I. Solomon, reporter; W. J.
Langstaff, F. X.: W. K. Somers, T.; W. Billings
by, C; H. Fleming, G.; L. Lenuon. McKeuna
and Hamilton, trustees.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boebm has sent out a circular
to ail the subordinate councils asking each to ar
range for the relief of those members of the order
who were affected by the recent disaster in St.
Louis.
The grand councilor Is arranging for a number
of district meetings.
Last Thursday the grand councilor consoli
dated Protection and Alcazar councils, and be de
clares that in ail parts of the State he will con
soilaate all wealc councils.
Last Thursday evening abont 100 delegates from
various councils of this City ana from Alameda
i County met In the Alcazar building to complete
! arrangements for the erand picnic to be given on
i Saturday, the 27th inst., in celebration of the sev
-1 enteenib anniversary. The following committees
were appointed: Arrangements —M. Boehni,
chairman: Mrs. C. K. Sain, secretary, and A.
Fuhrman, treasurer. Printing —J. Jordan, K.
Trewln and Mrs. L. Ltfller. Transportation— C.
M. Arnold, M. Boehm and Miss Clara McDonald.
The round-trip ticket, including admission to the
paric where the piC'iic wlil be held, has been fixed
at 7.1 cents for adults and 35 cents for minors
under twelve years of age.
Grand Councilor Boehm paid a visit last Tues
day to Garden City Council, -an Jose, and was
| greeted by a large attendance. A speech was
i made by the visitor, and by others there were In
teresting remarks. The council will receive those
who will visit San Jose on the occasion of the
Chosen Friends' ptcnic.
Ihe Initiatory team on the last Saturday in May
initiated several candidates in the hall of Sunset
Council, on which occasion Urand Councilor
Boehm was pres-nt. •
The Progressive Councils will meet on Thursday
next in the hall of Crystal Council.
H. w. lluuon, P. G. C, visited Alta Council last
week.
Young Men's Institute.
The board of grand directors will meet on Sat
urday next.
Washl ngton Council will picnic on the 11th at
Schuetzen Park, and Oakland Council will picnic
at Shell Mound Park on the 18th. This council
will have a literary programme and addresses by
graud officers.
Nominations and elections are in order In subor
dinate councils during the current month.
F. J. Kierce, P. G. P., expects to organise a
council a: Suisun soon.
Cooper Council will give a ball and entertain
ment at Murphy's Hall, Ocean View, next Sat
urday.
The grand president is preparing his list of
deputies.
Paul D. Hay's illustrated lecture on Mexico was
delivered before a large and interested audience
In the hall of Borromean Council, under whose
auspices it was given, last Friday nl hi.
1 he following-named standing commiitees have
been announced : Finance— A. F. .St. Sure, R. J.
Dowdell, J. McLauehlin, H. Adila and John
O'i onncll: state of the institute— l.' B. Dockwell
er, T. H. Morris, F. J. Driscoll, W. J. Powell and
J. J. O'Brien: laws and supervision— Grand Di
rectors O'Brien. Morris, McGlnnlss and Dockweil
/ er: arbitration— James K. Britt. F. W. H alley,
K. McCarthy, H. J. McGlnniss, T. P. O'Brien and
S. R. O' Kef St.
The Northwest Grand Council has elected offi
cers as follows: J. P. Kavanaugh, a. P.; W. H.
Keary, first V. P.: Rev. Father Verhaagen, sec
ond V. P.; B, Cofley. G. S.; H. J. O'Leary, O. T.,
and Charles K. Foster, chairman of the board of
grand directors.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
A meeting of the lodges of Alameda County will
be held on the 2Sd inst. in the hall of Oakland
Lodge for the purpose of making arrangements for
a grand union meeting.
Yerba Buena Lodge of San Jose at its last held
meeting received two applications and initiated
one candidate. This lodge will give an entertain
ment and social on the third Wednesday of this
month.
Harmony Lodge will elect officers Wednesday
night.
Encouraging reports are being received from all
parts oi the State.
Equity Lodge of Sacramento has elected the
following officers: C. E. Hill, P. P.; Martin Kapp.
P.; Miss Belle Buchanan, V. P.; A. E. Crisby,
secretary; Bliss Emma M. Casper, F. !?. ; F. j->.
Liuleiield. T. ; Mrs. 11. D. Kilbourn, G. : Mrs. L.
Bay, C; L. A. Bidder, guide; Miss Belle Meade,
sentinel.
American Legion of Honor.
Next Friday the executive committee will meet
to complete arrangements for the further opera
tions of the associated councils. It is the inten
tion to give a social entertainment early in July.
There is considerable activity in the various
councils of this City at this time. A number of
propositions are vow pending with prospects of
more.
The Associated Councils' Association af New
York City is very active, and has aroused the
councils to action. A recent meeting held in
Cooper Hall drew an audience tha filled the hall
to Its capacity. It was New Jersey nignt, and
tiiere was a very large attendance from the neigh
boring Stat-.
Michael Nisoett, who for fivcyears was supreme
commander of the order, died recently in Phila
delphia. He was also grand secretary of the Grand
Lodge of Masons of Pennsylvania, to which posi
tion he succeeded his father, and occupied for
many years.
The emergency fund, a guarantee to members,
amounts at this time to almost $050,000 principal
and accrued interest. The yearly interest amounts
to more than $2U 000.
Imrintr the month of April the increase in mem
bership in New York was tour councils and 834
members.
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent will relebrate the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the order on the
11th insi. in an appropriate manner, and wiil ex
tend an invitation to all Knights and Lady Macca
bees In this City and Oakland to take part. At its
renew on Friday night this tent conferred the de
grees on three candidates. ,
Golden Oa:e Hivo,' Lady Maccal ees, at its last
held meeting received several applications, and af
ter the business was over there was a very inter
esting programme of vocal and . instrumental
music. . ..- - - - ,
Knights of Pythias.
Syracuse Lodge No. 68 elected the following
named as officers at its meeting last Wednesday
night : Thomas H. Oliver, C. C. : B. A. 'front, V. C. ;
I. Friedman, P.; J. Home, M.-at-A.; George Rab
biU, K. of R. and S. ; Hugh Lundie. M. of V.; Otto
Piugle, M. of E.; J. Moni, I. G.; J. Cressens. O. G.;
Sig. Grossman, M. of W. : Gus Pagander, trustee.
i Knights of the Golden Eagle.
~ Golden Gate Castle is doing well in its new place
Of meeting. The house-warming will be on the
last Monday this month, which is election night,
and it will be for members only. A good time is
promised to those who will attend. The installa
tion of officers will be public. , There is a good re
port from Grand Vice-commander Rose as to the
future of Golden Gate. :
.Independent Order B'ne B'rlth.
Grand President Wolfe has started on his tour of
official visitations in the southern part of the
State. • . . -
Unity Lodge will have an outing near San Jose
on the loth in»t. " . ■ . ■ '.• ."
Cal ifornla Lodge will picnic at Schuetzen Park
on the 21st lust. . '
Under instructions from Potomac Lodge of
Washington, D. C. which forwarded the monty,
the grand secretary paid to the resident beneficiary
of a deceased member of the lodge named the sum
of $1000.
Since the Ist of last January this order In the
jurisdiction of Grand Lodge No. 4 has lost sixteen
members by death. Up to date all but four of the
beneficiary certificates nave been paid, and all
within sixty days after notice of death.
The National Union.
, The ] Senate will . convene in annual session at
Niagara Falls on the 21st of July, instead of at
Denver, Colo., the change being made Id compli
ment to New York, where there was a large In
crease In membership last year.  v
Next week . the executive committee will be
called upon to choose a senator, vice McGorie, who
has removed 10 Chicago. 'T. J. Harris of Califor
nia Council, A. :H. Millberry of San Francisco
Council and E. Dryfus of El Dorado Council are
the candidates. ,
The smoker given by California Council last
Wednesday attracted a large number of people.
The programme w.is made up of an opening ad
dress by 11. L. Tichni-r; piano solo, C. M. Foster;
ailcire.js by Oeneral Deputy We. Is; remarks by
President Fifid cf toe cabinet; song, C. L. Gage:
recitation, WilUam Kelly; song, C. H. Van Orden;
recitation. J. l. assault. C. J. King was chairman
of the evening and at the close of the meeting
thirty-three applications were filed. The affair,
which was followed by a banquet, was voted a de
cided success.
The smoker given by El Dorado Council was
well attended. Addresses were made by Deputies
Wells and Bunting, and a tine literary and musi
cal programme was presented. Alter the meeting
there was a collation.
At its last htld meeting Yosemlte Council ini
tiated live candidates.
Union Council is Initiating candidates at every
meeting and is now nearing the 200 mark.
Deputy Wells will institute a new council In
Oakland next week with twenty-live charter
members. • ■
Deputy Bunting will shortly visit San Jose in
the interest of the order.
Royal Arcanum.
Preparations are actively going on for the ob
servance of Royal Arcanum day by Argonaut
Council on the 22d Inst. The programme' will
soon be announced and the invitations issued.
There will be a literary and social entertainment,
to be followed by a dance.
The session of the Supreme Council recently
closed in Savannah, Ga., is considered one Of t lie
most impor.an. ever h- Id. There were delegates
from all parts of the country, and much important
legislation was enacted.
Order of Pendos.
Standard Council No. 42 was organized at
Anaconda, Mont., on the 21st of last mouth with
a large membership. A lew days later Beulah
Council No. 43 was organized at IJutte. Mont.
Alpha Council of Butte now has a membership
of 101.
be Increase in the order during the month of
May was 112.
organizing Deputy State Councilor F. H. Foote
of Baltimore Council has gone to Portsmouth, Va.,
to organize a council there.
Supreme Treasurer D. S. Stanley will start on
the 10th lust, ou a visit Hast, He will visit Den
ver and Pueblo, Colo., and will also go to Balti
more, Md.
I he office of Supreme Secretary Krnest Duden
has I been removed one floor below In the same
building in which he has been located for some
time. .
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 held Its fifth anniver
sary Jubilee entertainment last Wednesday In So
cial Hall, Alcazar building. ( The attendance was a
very large one and those present enjoyed an excel
lent programme and some good addresses. A re
sult of this open meeting was th-» filing of seventy
five applications for membership. - At the close of
the meeting the Woodman and their guests re
paired to the banquet hall, where a tine spread
was awutilng then.. Past Head Consul .... T.
Moses presided and addresses were made by Con
sul Commander P. F. Gilroy ana Past Consul J. L.
Geary. This camp now has 460 names on its roll
and is the largest camp in the Stale. -
JUSTICE FOR OUR ENGINEERS.
They Should Be i.lven the Rank mid
Honors Which Are Their Due.
It is quite remarkable that one after
another the best technical authorities are
speaking out with unanimity and empha
sis upon the subject oi the anomalous po
sition of naval engineers on board our Na
tional warships in their relation to the
officers of the line.
In Cassier's Magazine for May there is
an able article on this subject by William
L. Cathcart. He exposes the folly of rank
ing our naval engineers as civilians by
poiuting out that the cardinal duties of
the battle-shio are to reach her field of
action, to effect which she needs only t' c
navigating and engineer corps; to man
euver and attack with artillery on that
field, in which all her corps are re
quired; and, finally, to attack directly
by ramming wnen, as in the first in
stance, the ordnance corps is not needed.
In ail these com ba'ant functions the en
gineer is an absolute essential. With re
gard to the danger of the engineer officer's
post in action, it has been said that he is
below the protective deck, as if peace and
safety slept within its shadow. As Mr.
Cathcart says, this deck is a relatively
thin shell, depending for its resistance
mainly on the angle of incidence of '.he
shot; and, further, being below that deck
and within a closed compartment is in
itself a situation to try, at such a lime, the
nerve of most men.
Mr. Cathcart recalls the tragedy of the
Victoria, as well illustrating the extreme
peril under which the engineer must per
form his duty. Rammed— but not at high
speed nor in action ; not in a eale. but on
a placid sea, and in the full light of a June
afternoon— that battle-ship, in sinking, car
ried with her five or «ix engineer officers
and two-thirds of their force. Of this En
gineering of London said: "Undoubtedly,
in a case such as this, the heroism of the
occasion is with the engine-room staff."
Another instance, which shows that the
engineer on a modern warship faces death
at tiis po*t as surely and with even less
chances oi escape than the officers of the
deck, was that of the tragedy on board the
German battle-shio Brandenburg in 1894.
The stopvalvc on the separator broke off
short close to the flange, and the steam
from the twelve boilers was instantly set
loose in a deadly volume. The door be
tween the two engine-rooms was open, and
of the engineer force on duty in them
thiriy-nine were killed outright, and six
others died later of their injuries.
In view of such illustrations of the ter
rible risks run by the engineering branch
of the naval service, it certainly does
seem strange that to the engineer officer
who controls and directs- this perilous
work on board ships, whose every vital
function centers in the engine-rooms,
should still be denied the rank and honors
of a combatant.
Mr. Caihcart concludes his article by
s aving that not only should full recogni
tion be tiven to the engineer corps, but
that hereafter all our naval officers should
be trained engineers. The suggestion is a
good one, for it is undoubtedly true, as be
says, that the great naval commanders of
the future will be men who, like the gal
lant and honored Admiral Ammen.com
bine with stout hearts and strategic brains
an intimate knowledge, based on engineer
ing study, of the details and ca»iaoilities of
the mass of machinery which constitutes
that floating fortress, the warship of to
day.—New York Recorder.
\ Light Breeze.
During one of the recent windy days in
New York a discussion arose between some
gentlemen at dinner about the velocity of
wind. Each related a boastful story of his
own experiences. One of the party, a
hardy Westerner, said he was once riding
in a train through Kansas.
"There was what is called out there 'a
li^ht breeze' blowing. I had occasion to
look out of the window, and the moment I
put my head out off went my hat."
"What did you do?" asked one of the
pnrtv.
"Well, gentlemen, several people told
me not to worry, that the breeze was
Btronß enough to take it there. I sort of
wondered what they meant, but that hat
was-handed to me by the station-agent at
our next stop, about forty miles from
wtiere it blew out of the window. We came
along pretty fast, too— l guess about hfty
miles an hour. But then eighty miles an
hour for wind is called 'a lieht breeze' in
that country, and tha hat went by the
ei»hty-mile route."— Harper's Ronnd
Table.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Brown, San Jose W L iiutton, Cleveland
H Vamproniren,.Sobrante F W Haub, Fort Cary
C M Fooler, Portland H Bersr* Isleton
\V A Carrington, NY E R Siliingbast. N V
W R Vaughn, \ V M J Daw-son, wan Jose
Q >- Hamilton, Portland H T Manx, Eureka
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W T Boyde, Seattle X Morgan & w, N V
J Leahy, Suisun T Leahy, Suiaun
A J Samvllie. NY F O Reed, U S N
A M Beecher, ÜBN C E Hyland, Lake Mercd
W )• Hansen, San Jose, A 1. Wolfe, Oakland
R Kitzirerald, Oakland E M Morris Aw, Napa
Q C Fly, Napa J Walker, S V
J W ooets, NY AH Jessee. St. Louis
J Cohen, los Angeles RB McCord&w.Gln EUn
J Cook. San Jose Mrs H Brown, Chicago
J B Kearney, Mexico F X Abbott, Boston
Mt»s C Abbott, Boston H Jennings, Fla
J Worthing, Fla F A Blair, F!a
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
G A Robertson ft w, Btck E R Healy ft f, Hanford
>. Blue, U W Clongh. Sacramento
A G Bloom, Lompoc J F Balaam, Stockton
F M shun, <fc wf, LsGatos I Kauffman. Stockton
T F Yatio, Siockton T i'o'wnsend & w, Salem
O R French, Portland Mrs W Haywook, Prtlnd
E Morgan. Los Angeles Miss M Hanson, Los Ang
L Kenyop ft w, Los A.ng J J lierney, Cordelia
H E enrols, New York H G Albert, Ryde
J Lynskey, Sacramento S Gianctto, Sacramento
A J Lowther, Oakland M*" Craig, Oakland
M O'Brien, Fresno J M Finlay, Tulare
X Peters, Tulare LA Dohrman, Stockton
B Saunders, Visalla P R Zimmerman, S Rosa
J R Foltz, Santa Kosa
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs I nsk, Cal c M Ward, Grub Gulch
R Kei.drick. Cal G V Henderson, Clvrdle
Warren Oln* y Jr, Cal James O'Counell, N V
L Fairchlld ft w, s Hlna J L Witnev, Jamestown
C \V Kilts, Grass Valley Le Dv Pont Syle.Berkly
Miss E Moorehouse,SJse Mrs J Morse, San Jose
Mrs narris, Cal W J T urr, *anta Rosa
Geo X Porter, Cal Virgilio Vianells, Friest
Fritz Zlx, saarbrucken F Dunn, Cal
J J Thomas, Salt Lake Mrs C Ciawson, Portland
James Spiers, Cal Ben Timmont, Cal
W JS San borne. Cal W X Morley, .-aginaw
W J Hl.lman, Cal W Wallace ft fm Stcktn
S A Alexander, Fresno D Ledbetter, Kings Ci;y
Mrs H Fergnson.ColSpgs Mrs RTaylor.Col Springs
J (. mard ft w, Cal
GRAND HOTF.L.
J T McCall, Forest Hill M Benar ft w, Vallejo
J Hoge, Cal W W Douglas, Sacto
G H Llppitt, St Louis E T Pierce, Los Ang
Mrs LA J acox, Sacto C F Francis ft w, lowa
A A Haight, Alameda J S .Saunders, Seoastopol
J M Pettigrew, C»l 8 F Downing, Slonx City
D Brown, Petaluma Mrs M A Heath, Portlnd
E R Hickley, Orcland G E Stickle, Angels
R X Coontz, U 8 > C M Helntz, Los Angeles
W T Davis, Alameda W H King, Los Angeles
G W Marsh, Oakland C P Hickel, Los Angeles
F Bentley, Oakland Mrs E H Hlller, Los Ang
R H Simpson, Oakland X L Van Cleech, S Cruz
M Mueruch, Vir City W H Hilton, Glen Kllen
A G Gibson, Cal U Wood, San Jose
M Goldsmith. Stockton J Ross, Antioch
E M Porter ft w, Napa L A Grant, Salinas
A a Buchanan, Cal P A Buell, Stockton
S F Loughcorough, N V W Burcnard, N V
G Dunlap, w ftsn, Gilroy Miss A Thompson, Redw
J T Green, Chicago P V Castle, Chicago
The deer parks in England exceed 300.
The largest in the kingdom is Windsor.
•—• — ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Junr. 18JJ8.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From San Francisco. ]
. . j
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN. MOON AND TIDE
<•■■• tJ. 8. COAST AND Ueodktio sorvet TIDW") .
BIJI/LKTIW Pcblishkd BY Official V
AtITHORITY OF THI SUPERINTENDENT. .)
:.:. : . Monday June 8. ■ •
SunrtsM 4.47 Moon rises.."..;. • 2.22 am
Run sets 7.32 1 Moon 5et5....... '
•i ' June— lß96. .
; .note— ln th« above exposition' of the tides the
#ar!y morning tides are given in Che left hand
column, arid the successive tides of the day In tba
- order, of occurrence as to time. The second urn*
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column th« third tide, .and the last or ri<hi
liand column gives the last tide of (he day, except
»hen there are but three "tides, as' sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
. soundings ■on the United ; States Coast ,'■ Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
holgh'.- and then . th« number given Is snbtractlve
from ih«H"'>"' "'"•'"i hv h»i'h«r'< : . •-■
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived. ' ■ . .',.
. • : .:* • . SUNDAY. June 7. ■:
Stmr Arago, Reed. 39 hoars from Coos Bay, via
. Port Orford 82 boars; pass and xndse. to Oregon
Coal , and Nay Co. ■ y. ... ... . •
; Sttur Point Arena, Johnson, 13 hours from Men
doclno. via Point Arena 1014 hours; , pass and
indue, to Mendoeino Lumber Us. ' - •■, •
■ Stmr Gipsy, Leland.' 1* hours from Moss Landing.
etc: 'produce, to tioodall, Perkins «c Co. ' '
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 33 'hours 'from Crescent
City; 236 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co; 15
tubs butter, to Cal A Nev Creamery Co; 10 tubs
butter, to order, . .  • -. ..' "■'
. Stmr.Navarro, Hardwick, 33 hours from Pismo;
produce, to Ura.v A Mitchell.'. " • - -■:■:.. -
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 14 hours from Fort. Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J 8 Kirn ball. ' ;';. '. ',
Stmr Sunol, tx»umers, K5 hours from Grays Har
bor: pass and mdse. to Grays Harbor Commercial
Co." ■■ --■•■-•, -v ,; ■ "■ ■:• :■ - ■ :'. iS < .'•-- •-■;:"■ •■-■■
# Simr Weeott, Whitney, 21 i/a hours : : from Eel
River; pass and nidge, to Russ, Sanders & Co. > . .■■
■■ mr •■■ .National . City. Ami risen, 44 , hoars from
San Pedro: pics and mdse, to C A Hooper & Co.
■*> Stmr. Hcotla. Johnson, 15 hours from . Little
River; 95-9 RR ties, to J R Hanifr. ....
. . Br bark Doon Royd. . 18- days trom Honolulu;
sugar, to Williams, Dlmond A Co. ■ . ■■•.
Bchr . Parkorsburg, JorgensoD, 5 'days "from
Cotinille River; 176 M ft lumber, to C F Doe & Co.
■ Scnr -Alcalde, Sanders, 13 days from Port Blake
ley: lumber, to Bent on, Holmes & Co.
•; Nohr ■ Moro. : Jorgenson, BO v : ' hoars ■ from - Co
qullle River; produce, to J 8 Klmball.
Bcbr Newark, Beck,- 10 hours from Bowens
Landing. 156 Mft lumber, to F Hey wood. » ■:,'.
Schr Mary 1 Dodge, Hansen, IS Vs days from ; Ka
hului; 65 b0 bass sugar 10 Alexander A Baldwin.
• Scot Antelope. Anderson,* t». days : from Coqutlle
River; lumber, to VW. Kronertbprp. * , ; • - • . ;
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 12 hours from Collins
Landing; 75 eds wood, to Bender Bros. .
'•'!'. ."' . ' Sailed. ,','. '"- !.• ■..:.-.
'■"' '^i; ■■■'.: ■■'. .- .-■: :■:-. '■- -SUNDAY, June 7.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle. ■ ■>;.'■
. Stnir Columbia, Bolles, Astoria. ' ■ ■..'■
Btmr Mlneola, Pillsbury, Tacoma. 1
I Snip Dashing Wave. Morehouie. .Tacoma. '.
* Br bark Morlalta, Hunter, Melbourne.' *
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeill, Honolulu.
Bktn Retriever, Hogan, Port Hadlock.
J-chr Equator, Randelin, Chlxnik Bay.
Schr Del Norte, liroun, Kogue River.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson.
schr American Girl. Weitkanat, Seattle.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nel on, lversens Landing.
Schr Laura May, Hansen.
Schr Reliance, Jensen.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 7—lo p. M.— Weather,
hazy . wind N\V ; velocity, 12 miles.
Domestic Port*.
ASTußlA— Sailed June 7— stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; bark Vldette, for Re
dondo.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Green
wood, 'or Point Arena.
EUREKA— Arrived June 7— Stmr Pomona, hce
June 6.
VENTURA— Arrived Jane 7 — Simr Oeorge
Loomis, hence Jane 6, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
USAL— Arrived June 7— Stmr Protection, hence
Jnne 6.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed June 7-Stmr Point Are
na, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In Jnne 7— Ship Columbia,
hence June 1 for Departure Bay.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YOKK— Arrived June 7-Stnir La Tou
raine, from Havre: stmr Alesia. from Naples,
HA VRE— Arrived . out June 7— Stmr La Bre
tagne.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out June 7— Htmr
Ailer.
QUEENBTOWN— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Campa
nia, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 7 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllheim 11, from Genoa for New York.
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed June o— Stmr Vir
ginia, from Stettin, for New York.
Importation*.
PORT KENYON-Per Weeott— 44 kegs 214 bxs
19 tnbsbuter, 2 bbls lard, 2 bbls tallow, 7 bdls
pelts, 1 cs 34 bdls hides. 1 bdl bides, 165 sks oats,
4cs cheese, 4 pkgs mdse, 4 pkgs household goods,
'£ coops cnickens, 't'6 calves, 26 dressed calves, J
pkg carpet, 4 cs photo goods. 14 bales excelsior, SO
cds stavebolts. 16.) hogs.
SAN PEDRO— Per National City— 27 sks bones,
233 sks ra^s, 19 sks iron.
SANTA CKUSS— Per Gipsy-4 bxs bntter,l2pkgs
household KOOds, 1 bx bacon, 1 cs sar.ilnes, 400
bbls lime.
A mesport— 66 sks beans, 4cs cheese, Ics eggs, 1
Dx butter.
Pigeon Point— 64 sks beans, 19 cs cheese, Ibx
butter.
eoquel— 3 cs empty bottles.
Blanco— l6 sks wool, 2cs eggs.
Moss Landing— 1 cs empty bottles, 1 bx butter.
MENDOCINO- Per Point Areaa-4 pkgs mdse.
64 biles and pelts.
Point Arena— 66 bxs butter. 3cs eggs, 1 dressed
calf.
Navarro— 43s9 RR ties.
COSMOPOLIS-P- r Sunol-350 M ft lumber,
Aberdeen— l ex household soo4s, 1 bx hardware.
Lloquiam— lß7l bdls shooks, 10 cs veneer, 2 bas
kets personal effects.
South Bend— 9 bdls green hides, 64 empty bot
tles.
PfSMO-Per Navarro-1574 sks oats, 1 cs tal
low, 348 sks beans. 4 green liides.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— l cs mdse. 1 cs cast
ing, 2 cs boots and shoes, 49 sks bone, 1 bx
p ants. 1 cs elect goods, 1 tishplate, 23 pkgs junk.
265,996 ft lumber, yH piles.
COOS BAY— Per Arago-2 bbls 16 tubs 13 bxs
butter. 6cs cheese, 3 bdls pelts. 10 sks bar*, Xbx
hardware. 1 bdl dry hides, 3 bis woolen goods, 2 cs
blankets, 2 bdls flannels, 3 picgs express. 2 sealed
dbcm. 75 tons coal.
Port Orford— lo kegs 13 bxs butter, 1 bag coin, 1
pkg express.
Consignee*.
Per Weeott— 8 H Frank 4 Co; HDntard: TH
Rbttanzl: Hulse, Bradford ft Co: Christy ft Wise;
Sooth San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Hammond ft Brod: Russ, Sanders & Co; California
Carrel Co; W & J Sloane A Co: W C Price ft Co: H
Dunham: Neustadter Bros; Baker ft Hamilton; W
W tuner; G de Luca H Moffat; E T Allec Jr; W
H Root; Wleland Brewing Co: Ross ft Hewlett;
Wheaton, Breon ft Co; Brlgbam, Hoppe ft Co; OB
Smiih i ft Co: WR Knight ft Co; WBSumnerft
Co; Norton, Teller ft Co: Dodge. Sweeney ft Co; C
E Whitney ft Co; F B Hatght.
Per National City— Chas Harley ft Co; Pac Bone
Fert Co.
Per Point Arena— Ross ft Hewlett: Mendocino
Lumber Co; W P Fullerft Co: W B Snmner A Co:
Standard OU Co: Norton. Teller ft Co ; F B Haight;
Wilson ft Baechiel; Kohlfs ft Gerdau.
Per Navarro — HDntard; Bassett ft Bunker;
Erlanger ft Gallnger.
Per Noyo— C E Whitney 4 Co; N Ohlandt ft Co;
Chas Harley ft Co: Union Lumber Co; E Buell;
Golden i, ate ft M I Works.
Per buuol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; E X
Wood Lnmber Co; S H Frank ft Co; Western Bas
ketand Mnfg Co; E E Eiuridge; E Riley.
Per Gipsy—^Etna M»u Water Works: A A Fink;
Herman Joost; HulmeftHart: H Dutard; Kron
Tanning Co; Hilmer. BreubotT ft >cbu:z; A J Bet
tencourt; Dairymen's Union; H Cowell ft Co; J W
Muna: Martin, FeusierftCo.
P<?r Arago— Getx Bros ft Co; Ross & Hewlett; 8
Strauss; Wells, Fargo ft Co: Miller, Sloss ft Scott ;
Garcia ft Magglnl: Wells, Fargo ft Co: Enterprise
Brewery; Uniteu States Brewery: Standard Oil Co;
CMVolkman: Hilmer. Bredhoff ft Bcbalz: Ban
don Woolen Mills: Smith's Cash Store; Marshall,
Teggart 4 Co.
. .; . ocsAjr mrßAMmnm:
ASTORIA ANIPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class. $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 'ii
> rom Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
eOODAiii« PERKINS A CO., Oenl. Sapts.
f. h\ CONNOR, General Agent,
•--. . _:. .: ■ . 630 Market street.
PACIFIC coast STEAnSfIIF mtm
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
F?UGET SOUND.
Plrat Clans DB.OO
B«boiLd Class... iBOO
' Meals and berth Included.
I Ticket Office— 4 Hew 31ontg«mery Strwt
OPODALU PERKINS <& CO.,
'■"'• . ' General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMP.O!
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >>-«
Broadway wharf, Saa Francisco, as mSBt
follows: , .
For Mary Island. Lorlna;. Wran«eU ' Juneau. Kll-
lisnoo ana Bitka (Alaska), new a. m., June 8,
IS, :8. as .!• • .., i <. IH, •_>«.
for Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BeUln;ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Juu*- 'A . 13. id, 23. ■_'«. ana every fifth
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. 11.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with O. x. Ry., at Port Towniend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and' Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., June 2,'t». 10,
I 14 I"*, '22. 2t5 3 i and every fourth day thereafter.
| For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuoos,
i Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
i Barbara. Ventura, Hneneme, Ban Pedro, East San ;
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m- June
; 4. 8, I* lti, 20, 24. 28 and every fourth day there
after. • • -
! ' For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl i
! (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, ■ Port Lot
1 Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11. !
a. M.. ."j «- 2. 6. 10. 14; 18, 22, 26, 30 aud every
I fourth day thereafter. '
For fensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba, |
10 a. M.. June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
at' r. ■ - ■ • - ■
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
-.. GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent Agents.
- 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. |5 bays TO •
HAWAII, SAMOA, fU. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl •*
; AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
e>. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party raies..
a 8. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 r. m. ■■..••■• ■-.-•■
Line io COOLGARDIE, Au'st.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. -
: % : J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agta.
' • 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LKAV'F. ASPINWALL ML I
k^ fortnightly for the West Indies and «MUff
Southampton, calling en route at C •rbour^n.
i France, and Plymouth to land passensers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
I Pacific Mall & S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
I ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from dan Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
•lass, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
. • PARROTT & CO., Agents,
.- 306 California sb
STOCTO STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 P. 31, Daily.
Sunday at 7 I. M.
49" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
•:--, <.'■ vh;ajiki;\
T. C. Walker, = . J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton. |
telephone Main 805. Cai. Xav. aud lupu'Co
FALLEJO, MARK ISLi.\D. OTICIA, POlli
COSTA m CIMIETT.
STR. MONTICEI.I.O,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:Bo A. »
!•; and 4 F. m. ; Saturday, ly :30 a. m., 3:80 r. Mi
% •*». M.only. Sunday— B r. M. : .
H». M-only.
Landing, MUtlon I, FUr *.
OCEAir . BTEAMBHXFSJ
COJIPAG HIE GENERAL TR.IIISATLUTiqDI
French Lin<* to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIKR (NEW), 42 NORTH JSftSK-
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by meSzW
this line avoid both transit oy KuglUh railway aal
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first-class $lt>U: second-class, $1 ltt.
I A TOURAINE. Capt. SantelH....May 2$ 8 a. H.
I.A KORMANDIE May J3, 8 a.m.
LA GASCOGNE JO • 20, 7 A. K.
LA NO): ..AK1)U....» '....July 4. « a.m.
LA GASCOGNE July 25. 11 a. M.
LA NOTS f.ANDIK .... Atunst 1, 5 a. it
LA BOURGOONE. Capt. Leb->*uf. .June 6. 7 A. m.
tar lor further partlcalars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. SBo v mci nc Green. New Yoric
3. T. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Frandacfc.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SOVTHKRN HA<:IFIC ' COMTrAWT.
(PACIFIC BVSTKM.) •
Trnlrm leave itntl hit <lm> to arrive ••
MAN t'tt.iNCI.NCO. -.
leave — Fr.Oif May 3, 1300. _— • arkit»
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . (*:»sa
7:S»Oa Atlantic K^iiiCJs, i tali ii and V.ust.. 8:45*
7:00 a Benicia. VacaviUo. Hurra Sacra-
. . mento, end RcddingTia Davis.... •s4sp
7:0« a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa •iia*
B:3<la Nilcs, .San Jose, Stockton, loce,
Sacramento, Marj-sville. Ueil Uluff
ami Sundays excepted 0r0fi110. . . . ■• lap
*B:3«4. Peters and Milton 'TslSp
9:«o a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Harhara and Los Angeles .* ,i? r
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton »•' \-> A
©:O©AVal!ejo O: }2 r
l:OOp Nik's, San Joso and Lirermoro . B:<l i* A
•l:OOp Sacramento l;i.er Stcnni< ( rs * 1 1.-
- Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4sr.
4itt6p Martinez, San ltaniou, Vallojo, ,
Napa, <^ili.stoga. El Verauo and
Santa IJosa ; »i 16 a
«:••? Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryHTiilti,
OniTille and (Sacramento I»«4»A
4jS*p Niles, San Joso, liTermor* and •
Stockton 7:l»r
4tSOr Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for ''_-«_
Ycsemite) and Fresno 11«»«4
s:*#r New Orleans Bxpr Fresno, Bakers-
HeM. Santa TSavluira,l<<>s Angeles,
Beming, El Paso, Naw Orleans and
East..... l»il»A,
SsOOr Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
forMojaye and East IO:1»a
S:««p Vallejo 11:43 a
«:OOp Kuropeuu Mail, Ogden anil East.... 9:4 Sa
6:««r Howards, Nilrs'mid San Jose ' 754.1 a
J7:oor Vallejo t7«4»*
7:OOr Oregon 15\pr<>iw,S»rriiniento, IVlar.s-
Tiilc, nediHin;, Portland, IViget
Sound ami Kant 10>45a
HAM A <:itl!Z DIVISION (iVarrow UaugQ.
17:45 a Santa Cruz Eicnr. ion, tianta Cruz
and Principsl V/cy Stations J.Si«»r
• :15a Nowarlt,Ceiitervillu,S:niJoge.Feltoii, '
liouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations S:s»p
*4:lfP Newark. Cent-.crvillp, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «Hia»A
4tl»p Newark. Sau Jose and Los Gatoa.... 9:B*a
COAST DIVISION (Third * Tuwnseml SU.)
"•6:45a San Joso and Way Stations (New ~~"
Almaden Wednesdays only) •l:4ar
17:3** Sunday Excursion for - San Jose.
Santo Cruz. Pacific Grove, and __
Principal Way Stations.... tStMf*
•iISa San Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Paoilio Grove, Paso Robles, San
liiii.i Ohispo, Gttadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way StatloM ;... '*} »
:»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tlt4Sr
I«:4Oa San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 3:OOp
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
•2:30p San .lose, Gilrny, Tres Pinos, .Santa
Cruz, Sftlinas,Monterey and Pacific
Grove ; •I»x4»a
•S::tOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a,
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations. *»:O«a
5:30p San Jose and Way Stations i •S:4Sa
«::t<>p San Joso and Way Stations 0::!5a
1I1:43p San Joso and Way Stations t7:45f
HAN LKAM>BO AND HAItWARDS LOCAL. '
»*G:OOa 1 r ~ ( 7:1 »A
S:OWa . (0:45 a
IS:S(U M.lr— ; Se-i B «yP.rk, iijist
a i;S2p Fit***, 8« !«■■*» . *£«£
8:00p aB( j 4:4»p
4:POP 5:43p
S:OOp Runinh B:l."ir
o:30* M»jrw»r«s. 7jlSr
7:00p 8:45 r
!»:OOp Runs through to NUM. > 9:43p
9:OOp < Runs through to Nlles. 10.30P
ftll:lspj «FromNUes. t tt!2:Oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prim SIS mSCISCO-Poot «f Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:00 t3:39
•4:00 45:00 •6:Cop.m.
from OiJlAHD— root if Broidwtv. — , *6:00 8:06
10:00 a.m. }12:00 ♦1:00 t3.-M *3:CO ti:o9
«s:oopji. ■ m
■ A for Morning*. ■ , P tat Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. r Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
4* Mn<^»» Tlm-^VIaT ati Saturday nieht* only.
SABf FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13-35.
S: % 10 ' 6:3 2 P **• Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. it .
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a. v.; 1:30, 3:39,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:II, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a K.i
12:46, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra^ tr&
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. it. H
BTJND AYS— 7:3S, 9:35, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, S: * a
5:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park umi
schedule as above.
~ ■ Le * ye In effect Arrive
Ban Francisco. A p£,? % Ban Francisco.
Da*y 9 K I Sux- jjest^joa. Sew- I Wus
Days. I days. bats, [ Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:10 am
6:10 pm j 5:00 Tts. i Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~ Pieta, * "
7:30 am I Hopland A 10-10 am
3:3o m| 7:3O AMj Ukiah. 7:3opm 6:16
7:30 am 10:10 am
7:30 am GnernevUle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm ■ 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 rw 6:00 . and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
\ ! [ Glen Ellen.
7:30 AM 7:30 AMI SebastODol 110:40 AM; 10:10 A "i
3:30 pm 6:00 pm faeDastopoi. [ 6:05 pm, 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skagfcs Spring: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, KelBeyvllle, Soda Bay andV*keport: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
t'kiah for Vichy .Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lane. Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's, Liertey's, Bucknell's, San.
hedrin Heights, Hullvill*. Booneville. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Csal. Willets, Cahto, Covelo,
i-aytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Emeka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates. '
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
'Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, : R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic '*^||JD
RAILROAD l§i^"^MEis?isi^
Trains leave from and arri ve t^i&tP^fSS^&f
at Market-Street Ferry. Os^J^S^OUT'm
SANTA FE EXPKcSs
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers »nd Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
SSStA'FE ROUTE EXCUR-
-BIONS leave every .WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge of i experienced agents, running
throueh to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery)
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room *.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street.
Chronicle Ituildincr*
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
P3gSs&. (Via Sausallto Ferry),
from Ban Francisco, Comm.'nrlng March 29, IMC
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael - 7:00. •g:00
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: 1:45, 3:.0, 4:15,
5:16, *b:of. .:35F. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dns»
' days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
•: SUNDAYS.
J*r Mill Valley and San Rafael -*8 -.00, *9:00,
•10:00,11:30 a. M.;**ia.Bj. »l:30, *2:16, *4:00,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Bauialtto At
11:00 A. m. ;.
Trains marked • run to San Quenttn. ••12j3«
P.M. docs not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 *• m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
g-00 A. M. Sundays— Cazalero and way stations.
■ WO a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station*CONTROVERSY ON
OAKLAND FREAKS
Their Doings Demand a
Place in Live, Current
Journalism.
NOT A CITY OF CRANKS.
Need of More Truth in Exploit
ing Municipal Fi
nances.
DAGGETT DOWNED FITZGERALD
Probable That the Silver Question
Figured in the Recent Demo
cratic Fight.
Oakland Ojticb Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 7. }
Much has been written during the past
week about Oakland as a prolific field for
cranks and freaks. It has been stated that
the Sau Francisco newspapers are far too
ready to attach importance to unusual in
cidents or people and that It is likely to
cause outsiders to think that this city is an
aggregation of sixty thousand cranks per
forming in three rings, but all constitutine
one great circus. Such an assumption,
both as regards the alleged fact and its ef
fect, is absurd and untrue. It shows a
gross misconception of the existing differ
ence between a local and metropolitan
journal. Of course a prophet is without
honor in his own country and consequently
a crank or a freak — which term by the way
would have been applied to Galileo and
Harvey had they lived in Oakland — is not
always considered a legitimate subject for
a story in a suburban paper. Another
great point to be considered is this: The
chief feature of a freak story in modern
journalism is a well-drawn picture of the
oddity and without it the story falls flat.
As none of the local papers do anything
in the way of illustrating, it is somewhat
suggestive of the acrid fruit of the vine
when they attempt to give suggestions to
papers that traverse the continent. It is
ceirtainly as much the duty of a modern
newspaper to chronicle the unusual affairs
of every- day life as to report the humdrum
affairs of society, ana anybody who op
poses such a course is certainly lacking in
knowledge of the elements of the profes
sion.
Regarding the insinuation that the out
side world will think Oakland is a city of
cranks, there is not the least foundation
for such a deduction. The same news
papers that give to the public an illus
trated story of a freak also treat all other
important and more serious news with the
same completeness and ability. Any im
portant political or social event that oc
curs on this side of the bay is invariably
made a feature of by the San Francisco
papers and illustrated with a degree of
taste and thought unknown in the news
paper world a few years ago. A desire to
return to the silurian order of things i 3
not typical of the people of this city, and
the writer of the articles ieferred to is at
least a generation behind the times.
The Democratic primary was a great
surprise to the average citizen of Alameda
County. Previous to a month ago it was
not thought that there were enough Demo
crats left to create such a battle royal as
was witnessed last Friday. The earnest
ness with which the various leaders
worked, and the almost inconceivable de
sire for supremacy in the Democratic
party in this county has caused old politi
cians to think. They cannot bring them
selves to believe that the comparatively
small place filled by Alameda County in
the field of State Democratic politics is
the cause of so much bitterness between
the prominent men who figured in the
fight Neither can they altogether believe
that the feeling that originated in the
Stockton convention half a generation ago
is responsible for it. There is a feeling
that the silver question played a strong
sub rosa part in the fight, and the presence
of such a noted gold man as Daggett
added materially to Fitzgerald's defeat.
This feature of the fight does not seem to
have been referred to throughout the bit
ter contest.
George W. Baker, chairman of the State
Bimetallic League, is a resident of Oak
land, and Frank J. Moffitt.who engineered
Laymance's fight, was chairman of the
Alameda delegation to the silver conven
tion held at Metropolitan Temple last
year. These facts may or may not have
had any bearing on the issue, but when
the framing of a platform at Sacramento
comes up it will probably be found that
underneath the surface of Alameda' s
great fight the money question was quite
active.
There is no doubt that the presence of
Daggett in tho contest robbed Fitzgerald
of many votes. After the events of Friday
it would be worse than lolly for the Mint
man to deny that he was interested in
downing Foote. Employes from Fifth
street who reside here were seen at several
polling-places, and many were also here
who were not known. With Daggett de
feated, the prospect of a local alliance be
tween Democrats and silver men is much
increased.
Oakland's worst enemies at this time
are her municipal officials. The question
now being agitated by the Mayor, the
Council and the Board of Education is one
of the greatest importance, and one the
truthful facts of which are awaited by
the public. Any sacrifice that could have
been made would have been better than
to close the High School two weeks earlier
than usual and to close the very popular
free reading-room for the entire month of
June. The knowledge that such things
have occurred because of an alleged lack of
funds is the very worst advertisement that
could have gone forth. All kinds of ex
planations will be made, but the fact is
patent to any conservative mind that
there is a political object in both meas
ures of retrenchment.
There is also much that is clearly false
being given ou t by all parties — the Mayor,
the Board of Education and the Library
Trustees. Mr. Davie is publishing figures
showing that the High School costs
about 40 per cent more than any other
high school in the land. He also prints
figures declaring that the same is true of
the Free Librar3 r . His statements are
contradicted, and the controversy is gen
eral. Now, the truth cannot be difficult
to learn, and both sides owe it to the pub
lic to let it know what is right and who is
wrong. The present scandal is serious.
It extends outside the City Hall, ana in
volves more than the personality of the
principals. The notice posted outside the
free reading-rooms about "lack of funds"
needs more explanation than has yet
been made. S. W. B.
A BLESSING.
How a Baptist Divine Views the Recent
Tornado at St.
Louis.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 7.— Rev. Philip
Graif too* the recent cyclone at St. Louis
as the subject for his sermon to-night at
the Twentieth-street Baptist Church. In
brief he said:
"The St. Louis cyclone, in its wild, re
sistless rush and long train of ruin and
tears— is it a blind, heartless caprice of
chance work or a part of divine order and
goodness? Such is the question that trem
bles on the white lip of fear and unfaith,
br.t if God reigns every calamity is a kind
Providence, every stroke of hard times a
step of progress and every bu of misery a
starting point for jzlory.
"To the seer or the philosopher the hurt
ing storm is as benefk-ent an agency as the
soft sunshine, for the sweet law of the uni
verse is higher development and gracious
redemption. The St. Louis horror was a
mild catastrophe com Dared with the
ceaseless scythe of death that is mowing
down the millions from age to age, or the
busy sword of war in its fiery course over
ten thousand battlefields.
"Behind the universal fact of death
must beat a heart of eternal goodness. A
sudden taking, off is less to be dreaded
than an unworthy life. In the highest
sense death is not a spectre of grinning
skull and cross-bone, but a bright angel
messenger; not a dropping into a great
horror of darkness, but a glad, soft falling
into the everlasting arms of light and
peace.
"The moral significance of suffering is
not punishment so much as culture. To the
martyr in the ghastly flame, to the believer
in the bubbling groan of the euroclydon
wave, to the pallid invalid on the racking
couch, hoping in God. the divine smile
changes the terror of drowning, the red
consumptive cough, the torture of fire, into
a thing of triumph, and turns the suffering
into emotions of peace and even rapture.
A means to a high end in the beyond, a
teacher of wisdom, and a developer of a
better manhood, whether here or yonder —
this seems to be a part of the vast and in
scrutable scheme of Providence in man's
process of evolution."
MANTALEN KICKS.
H« Objects to Having Gcorgo de Golia
Represent the County Repub
lican Committee.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jane 7.— Charles Man
talen, chairman of the Republican County
Committee, has issued a call for a special
meeting next Saturday to consider the
proposed terms of compromise between
the two Congressional committees. This
move is regarded in various lights and
may lead to a greater breach than exists
at present.
"The trouble is easily explained," said a
member of the County Committee to-day.
"George de Golia has been looked upon as
the representative of the old committee
and has been trying to arrange some ami
cable terms with W. R. Davis, who repre
sents the Friend committee. De Golia has
caused it to be understood that whatever
he does will be ratified by the County Com
mittee. In this respect De Golia has ex
ceeded hia power, and his assumption of
representing the County Committee is
frowned upon by Chairman Mantalen,
Walsh, Church, Haines and Armstrong.
• "They object strongly to having De
Golia act for them and they want to know
at ones what is going on so that they can
take part in the deliberations. This is
something new, to have a split in that
winjjjof the County Committee, and it may
leaa to serious results. The much-desired
harmony ia th& Republican ranks has not
yet been brought about."
HONORED THE DEAD.
Unveiling of a Monument at Mountain
View Cemetery by Woodmen of
the World.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 7. — Oakland
Camp, Woodmen of the World, performed
a very pretty ceremony this afternoon at
Mountain View Cemetery. The laws of
the order prescribe that on the Sunday
nearest to the 6th day of June the graves
of departed members shall be decorated
and all monuments erected during the
year shall be formally unveiled and ac
cepted.
During the year Brothers E. D. Ormsby,
G. W. C. Fowler and Isenal Fogel of Port
land, Or., have passed to the everlasting
camp, and the monument to I. Fogel was
unveiled in the presence of many brethren.
Judge F. B. Ogden read a poem and
W. W. Waste of Berkeley was the orator
of the day. His speech was one of the
happiest ever delivered in the cemetery.
A quartet, consisting of C. L. Larue, John
Mitchell, A. G. Cliff and J. A. Sands, sup
plied the music.
DOINGS OF PYTHIANS.
Old Glory Will Be Displayed Promi
nently in Every Pythian Lodgeroom.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 7.— Oakland
Lodge No. 103 held an important session
on the evening of May 29. Page Fred
Hugg was elevated to and charged in the
rank of esquire.
Acting upon a dispensation for the pur
pose the rank 3of page, esquire and knight
were conferred upon Stranger L. Stall.
At the suggestion oi Past Grand Chan
cellor Samuels to display the American
flag in every Pythian lodgeroora Mr. Gaus
was appointed to purchase a suitable nag.
Piedmont No. 172 and Live Oak No. 17
have also decorated their castle halls with
the National emblems.
Next Friday night Oakland Lodge, aided
by its superb team, will confer the Ampli
fied Knight Rank on Esquire Fred Huge.
Brooklyn No. 132 of East Oakland on
the night of Alay 29 gave a musical and
literary entertainment, at which the mem
bers of East Oakland Temple R. 8., Ama
zon Lodge No. 182 and Alameda No. 49
were invited guests.
Live Oak No. 17 at its last session
elected the following to serve as officers
for the next term:
For C. C, W. M. Young; for P. C, E. P. Tutt;
for P., E. S. Suilend; for M. of A., Robert Ar
not; for K. of R. and S., H. Holland; for M. of
F., I. L. Cavasso; for M. of E., George Sumuels;
for I. G., Dr. Eaton; for O. G., B. Larkin ; for
M. of W., M. Jones; for organist, Brother Mad
dern.
The following were elected officers for
the approaching term:
For Piedmont No. 172— For C. C, Brother
Wally; for V. ('., Frank Larmer; for prelate.
H. Rush; for M. of \Y\, Walgreen; for X of R.
and 8., E. Schwazbaum; for M. of A., E. Koert
ner; for M. of F., A. E. Trimble; for M. of E.,
M. Levy; for O. U., A. Kieso.
Last Thursday night Calenthe Temple
No. 6 gave a social and literary entertain
ment whicu was followed by a dance.
On last Friday night Oakland Lodge No.
103 elected the following to serve as offi
cers for the approaching term :
For C. C, David C. Berland; for V. C, E. C.
Cloither; for P. W., D. Bennett; for M. of A.,
James Probe rt; M. of W., 8. Cohen; K. of R.
and 9., 8. Ferris; M. of F., E. J. Murphy; M. of
E., J. .Ferguson; I. G., J. Emery; o. G., C. M.
Lambert; organist, J. N. Bonhara; surgeon.
Dr. Fearn.
Sixty Years Married.
The anniversary of their sixtieth year
of married life was celebrated at Lancas
ter on Sunday by Christian Hookey and
wife, aged eighty-four and seventy-eight
years respectively. A family reunion, at
which were present sixty relatives, in
cluding the six surviving of ten children
and eighteen grandchildren and eight
great-grandchildren, was held. Mr. Hookey
is a native of Berne, Switzerland. His
wife was born and raised in Lancaster
and belongs to one of the city's old
families,— rinladelphia Ledger.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
LATEST MAP OF
THE PLANET MARS
Joint Work of Flammarion,
Pictet and Dr. Close of
Oakland.
COMPLETE CONTINENTS.
Still Unable to Solve the Ques
tion Regarding Its Habi
tation.
CHANGING OF THE CANALS.
Textbook Facts Regarding Heat Are
Disproved by Actual Obser
vation.
Oakland Office Bah8 ah Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 7. J
In conjunction with Flammarion and
Pictet, the greatest astronomers of the
Map of the Planet Mars, Compiled by Flamraarlon, Pictct & Close as tho Result of Three Years of Observation. The
Straight Lines Are the Canals-
day, Dr. F. M. Close of this city has just
completed a map and essay of the planet
Mars that cannot help but attract great
attention throughout the astronomical
world.
During his racent trip to Europe Dr.
Close made a series of observations in con
junction with Flammarion and Pictet and
between them what they claim is an ac
curate map of the planet Mars has been
made. The following article is the result
of their united efforts, now made public
for the first time:
During the past few years very many people
have had much to say on the subject of Mars.
That it was inhabited has been warmly as
serted by numerous writers to the newspapers
and there was considerable talk of trying to
engage the attention of our Marsian neighbors
by means of systematic light signals. But as
no one of these philosophers could satisfy the
rest of his confreres as to the proper code to
be employed, whether Morse or otherwise, the
matter of signaling did not materialize. Yet
the fact was evident that it is the belief of
very many thoughtful, cool-minded people that
Mars is inhabited.
There is at present but one w»y known to
us by which we may attempt the solution of
the problem, and that is by actual observation
of the planet, through the giant eyes which
optical science gives us. To do this in the ex
pectancy of attaining the most satisfactory re
sults we must perform the task under the best
conditions. Clearly, then, one factor of the
conditions is nearness.
In the autumn of 1892 Mars was in opposi
tion, that is, the planet was in that portion of
its orbit where the earth occupied a place be
tween Mars and the sun, so that the fece of
Mars was illuminated in such a way as to make
it well lighted. Moreover, at that time Mars,
owing to the eccentricity of his orbit, was but
35,000,000 of miles from the earth, his nearest
approach to us. The conditions were there
fore of the best, and for the two years follow
ing the closest study wns given by skilled ob
servers to the phenomena presented by Mars.
All observers do not agree regarding certain
phenomena. Pome claim to have seen defined
markings upon the face of the planet, which
are denied by others. Some savants have de
nied the possibility of moisture upon Mars,
others emphatically assert the presence ot
water in the shape of vast seas and oceans. It
is impossible with the aid of the most powerful
telescope to distinguish the handiwork of
man at a distance of thirty-five millions of
miles, unless the work is of such colossal char
acter as is unknown to terrestrial labor. It is,
though, easy to see that the face of the planet
is marked in such a manner as to suggest that
the markings are alternations of laud End
water, resembling In many respects our own
globe. The laree preponderance of competent
testimony is that Mars has an atmosphere,
that its surface is covered with what is very
liite land and water, and that its poles are cov
ered with ice in the winter seasons. To such
an extent the planet Mars resembles tho earth.
Physical astronomy furnishes the following
data about Mars: Diameter of Mars, 4800
miles; distance from the sun, greatest (aphe
lion), 152,000,000 miles; distance from the
sun, least (perihelion), 126,000,000 miles; in
clination of axis to plane of the ecliptic,
28.51; length of Marsian year, 687 days;
length of Marsian day, 24 hours 37 minutes
23 seconds.
The orbit of Mars Is not a true circle, but is
quite elliptical, so that it occurs that the planet
is very much nearer to us at certain passing
times than at others. Mars haß two small
moons, one ofjwhich completes its revolution
around the planet in 7 hours and 39 minutes
and the other in 30 hours and 18 mihutes. The
first-named moon, Phobos, appears to the Mar
sians to rise in the west and set in the east
The other, Diemos, rises in tho east and sets in
the west.
But it is with the very peculiar appearance
the planet presents when viewed through a
large telescope that chiefly concerns us at this
time. The strange lines that show on the sur
face of the wonderful star form the great mys
tery. As far back as 1730 Huyghens, a noted
astronomer, observed these ■ inexplicable
markings, but at that tivne the art of telescope
making had not reached its present marvelous
perfection, and with the imperfect instrument
at his command the savant wes unable to sat
isfactorily deiine the curious lines.
In 1877 Schiapparelli, an Italian astronomer,
announced as the result of his observations
that the surface of Mars was furrowed by what
he termed "canals," and from that date until
now very careful walch has been Kept by com
petent observers of the mysterious markings.
The whole extent of tha Marsian continents
is crossed by numerous dark lines, the appear
ance of which is very variable. They traverse
the face of the planet in long, regular lines,
different from wuat would be the appearance
of our water-courses. They are not siuuous.
They are of different lengths, some of the
shortest being about 300 miles in length;
others measure several thousands, occupying
fully a third oi tho planet's circumference.
Some of them are very easily seen, others are
difficult to observe, renernbimg the most deli
cate spider's filament stretched across the disc
of the planet. The width of these lines Is not
uniform, as in 'some instances they appear to
be iully 180 miles wide and in others not more
than 20 miles.
The fact is established that these enigmati
cal lines are on the planet, and are not an
optical illusion. The large one proceeding
from Lake Nilicaus has been seen in the place
it occupies for more than 100 years. The
lengths and disposition of these lines are con
stant. Each one of them always commences
and finishes in a lake, or sea, or other line.
None of them has ever been seen to end in the
middle of the land. It is this important fact
which has led to tho supposition that they
were "canals." Their aspect and their degree
of visibility changes much from one season to
another, and often from week to week. Theso
changes do not occur simultaneously, and,
according to the same law for all; seemingly,
they take place, as it were, by caprice, or under
laws which, up to the present time, we do not
understand.
During the autumn of 1892 and until the
summer of ".594, the writer was a close ob
server of Mars, using a good six-inch objec
tive. It was frequently noticed that the lines,
or "canals," would become dim, and some
times vanish, in places, while other portions
would increase to marked distinctness. It is
possible that such changes in the distinctness
were due to the presence of vapor, although it
was not possible to recognize any cloud forma
tion at the time.
The color of the Marsian seas is of a dark,
somber tint, and this color continues into the
canals, increasing in intensity until it reaches
a dead black which is not the result of shadow.
These lines cross the face of the planet in all
directions, at all possible angles; they are quite
regular, varying but little in width along their
course and with very little sinuosity.
What, are these lines? From the observed
fact that they always terminate in some large
body of supposed water, and that their mouth
is broadened, it is but reaKonable to suppose
that they are actual canals, a part of the
hrdrographic system of the planet. It is not
necessary to attribute them to human labor.
They may be well accounted for as natural
water-courses, origiaally small rifts in the
planet's crust that have been accentuated by
time. The regularity of their courses may be
due to some process of crystalization with
which we are unacquainted. It is far more
likely that they owe their geometrical appear
ance and existence to the evolution of the
planet than to the work of intelligent beings.
They are, in fact, very much like the English
Channel or the Strait of Mozambique.
Careful observation shows that the system
of Marsian canals is not constant. At times
they are ill denned and showing
that the water in them is very low or has en
tirely disappeared and there remains nothing
in the place of a canal. This is seen by the
gradual paling of the color of the canal, which
changes day by day from a black to a yellow
ish hue, differing scarcely any from the color
of the surrounding earth. Sometimes they
have a nebulous appearance, owing probably
to the formation of vapor by rapid evapora
tion.
The most remarkable phenomenon con
nected with the Marsian canals is their doub
ling or germination. A given canal changes
in appearance and is transformed throughout
its whole length into two lines parallel to each
other that look like the two rails of a railroad,
the new line following the original one with
geometric precision at a uniform distancefrom
eighteen to 120 miles apart.' This duplication
is not confined to canals; it is observed in the
lakes, which frequently appear to be doubled.
From the fact that this doubling occurs in
the months which precede and tollow the
great inundation caused by the melting of the
polar ice about the time of the equinoxes it has
been thought that the presence of watery va
por, charged, perhaps, by some other unknown
vapor, has produced a bi-moiecular medium,
through which the doubled portions are vis
ible, causing double refraction, as is the case
when we look through a piece of Iceland spar.
The thawing of the polar snows and ice was
fully observed during the late opposition of
Mars. The area of the ice cap diminished
from a mean diameter of 2500 miles to 190
miles.
The geography of Mars is pretty well estab
lished. The southern Ice cap is not centered
upon the pole, and the freezing area is at
some distance from the true pole. The south
pole is free trom ice in the summer. The
northern ice cap is centered exactly on the
pole. All of Mars' conditions for inhabitabil
itr are fairly well determined. At the melting
of the snows accumulated during the winter
season the liquid mass spreads out over the
frozen region and converts an immense trtict
of land into a temporary sea, covering all the
lower regions. Many observers, iucluding
Proctor, have mapped Mars with seas and
lands, as the planet appeared at the time of
their observation, when tbe fact was that at
one season a region is land and at another
season water. The effect of the long summers
and winters on Mars produces a higher mean
temperature during the summer season than
is normal to the earth.
The polar snows of Mars proves without
doubt that the planet, the earth, issurrounded
by an atmosphere capnble of transporting
aqueous vapor from one region to another.
The presence of an atmosphere on Mars,
charged with aqueous vapor, has been con
firmed by spectroscopic observations, espe
cially by Vogel, who says: "The atmosphere
of Marß, differing very little from ours, is very
rich in aqueous vapor." This fact is of no lit
tle importance, and we can therefore assert
with the greatest probability, that it is to
water, and not to any other liquid, that we
must attribute the seas and polar snows and
ice of Mars. The melting of ice on M»rs leads
to the conclusion that in spite of its distance
from the sun, Mars has a temperature analog
ous to that of the earth. The demonstrated
fact that ice does melt on Mars is pregnant
with the protest against some of the accepted
theories of heat as derived from the sun.
Our text-books of physical science state that
"the intensity of the sun's light and heat oa
Mars is but three-sevenths of that upon the
earth." This would place the meap tempera
ture of Mars at about GO degrees Fahrenheit De
low zero. If tho text-books state correctly it
«ould not be possible for aqueous vapor to
play such a determining part as it does In the
atmosphere of Mars nor lor water to operate
such great physical conditions there.
But are the text-books right? What is heat?
We SDeak of it as a mode of motiou. Does it
come from the sun as heat de facto; or rather
does not the sun emanate a force which, con
tacting with matter here on our globe, or on
the other spheres of the solar system,
produce heat? Such theory fully accounts for
the observed conditions on Mars, and none
other will.
The meteorological conditions on Mars are
closely analogous to those on the earth. The
difference in the distribution of continents
and seas on Mars leads to slight differences in
meteorological effects. It rarely rains, if at
all, on Mars. Clouds and fogs form, but not
dense enough to obscure the face of the planet
or to completely interfere with observation.
The general color of the seas is a grayish
brown.
No acceptable solution has yet been pre
souted to account for the red coppery color of
Mars. It may be due to the color of vegeta
tion. We are here accustomed to associate
green with vegetable growth, but because
such is the rule on our globe it does not follow
that it is imperative throughout the universe.
Chlorophyll, the color matter in plants, is
sometimes red as well as green.
As to whether or not Mars is inhabited, the
question cannot now be positively answered.
Nothing that would be recognized as the handi
work of intelligent beings has vet been ob
served on Mars. This, however, is but nega
tive testimony. Even with our most powerful
telescopes it would be extremely difficult to
see an object on the surface of Mar." of a lesser
diameter than twenty miles. Perhaps the- fu
ture may determine the question. There is
good reason to suppose that it is inhabited.
No thoughtful miua can contemplate the vast
universe and arrive at the conclusion that its
stupendous enemy is being expended solely to
afford gratification to the careless vision of a
single race located on this puny ball. Many
of the fixed stars are so far away that the ray
ot light that left them before the birth of Adam
has not yet reached this earth. There is no
reason to suppose that our earth is the only
sphere fitted to the development and main
tenance of intelligent beings. The telescope
and the spectroscope tell us emphatically that
Mars is so fitted. The selfish, narrow mind
may arrive at tbe conclusion that this earth is
all; but philosophy, speaking for science, says
•There are but few uninhabited stars."
BLIND PUPILS
WILL GRADUATE.
Six Will Finish Their
Work Next Tuesday
Afternoon.
DR. JORDAN TO SPEAK.
His Address to the Class Will
Be Translated by the
Principal.
SOME NEW LINES OF WORK.
Practical Methods of Teaching Intro
duced Recently Into the Ele
mentary Courses.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jnne 7.— The grad
uating ezercises at the State Institute for
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind will be
held in the auditorium of tbe school Tues-
day afternoon at 2 o'clock. A class of six
will be graduated this year, but in the
closing exercises more than twenty will
participate.
A feature of the performances by the
mutes will be a reproduction on the plat
form of their daily work in the classroom.
"It will be practically a case of transfer
ring both students and apparatus from the
recitation-room to the auditorium," said
Principal Wilkinson this afternoon. "We
will have three or four classes represented
beside the graduates, and by means of
blackboards and slates they will show to
the audience just what they are accom
plishing from day to day.
"First will be four pupils from the class
which has been with us for nine months;
then those who have studied here for
three years, and following these will be
the still more advanced ones.
"During the past year we have intro
duced a new system of instructing in some
of the departments. Instead of having
the elementary pupils to learn merely the
English language as it is ordinarily
spoken, and nothing more, we have been
teaching them, together with their gram
mar and sentence-structure, the use and
meaning of scientific terms and princi
ples. This nas been found to be very
beneficial."
Rev. Dr. McLean of Oakland will de
liver the opening prayer, after which the
exercises of the day will take place.
After the rendition of the programme
President Jordan of Stanford University
will deliver an address to the graduates.
His remarks will be translated in sign
language to the pupi's by Principal Wil
kinson. The Lord's prayer will also be
translated by Miss Isabella Hennesey.
Following will be the graduates:
William A. Cotter, Isadore Davis, Gustav
Isert, Carrie! Crawford, Mabel Gande, Isabel
Hennesey; honorable dismissal, Leo Richville.
"I have been requested to announce,"
said Principal Wilkinson, "that in conse
quence of the limited seating capacity of
the assembly hall, children cannot be ad
mitted to the closing exercises on Tuesday
afternoon. We will have a performance
at some time later, to which the children
will all be invited."
Two Romantic Engagements.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 7.— The en
gagement of two of Berkeley's fairest and
most highly esteemed society young ladies
was made publicly known to-day. Miss
Agnes Dornin, only daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Oscar G. Dornin of Dwight way, will
wed Louis McKisick, son of Judge Mc-
Kisick, on next Thursday, and Miss
Eliza Blake, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E.
S. BJak~e. will marry Sherman Fletcher of
Ojai Valley on the 24th inst.
The wedding oi Miss Dornin and Mr.
McKisick next Thursday will bo held at
the residence of the bride's parents. It
will be private, only a few of the most
intimate friends having been invited. The
couple will make their home in Sacra
mento, where the prospective groom is en
gaged in business.
Miss Blake, whose nuptials are to be
celebrated on June 24, will be married at
the home of her parents. Elaborate
preparations are being made for the affair.
Miss Blake has long been one of Berke
ley's fairest belles and the announcement
of her betrothal has come as a great sur
prise to her host of friends.
Tne groom is principal of the Casa Pie
tra Boys' Training School in the Ojai Val
ley, Santa Barbara County, where the
couple will make their home.
Used Individual Caps.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 7.— lndividual
communion cups were used for the first
time by the members of the First Presby
terian Church of Berkeley this morning.
Five chalices, each containing sixty cups,
have been purchased by the church, and
their use this morning was found to be
very satisfactory.
Ten new members were received into
church at the morning service.
A PARTING SALUTATION.
R«t. Dr. Hemphill Introduced Hts Tern-
porary Successor.
The Rev. John Hemphill has postponed
his contemplated trip to Europe. He
will, However, take a month's vacation.
At Calvary Presbyterian Church last even
ing he preached to his congregation a
parting salutation, taking his text from
Paul's epistle to the Corinthians: "Be
perfect; be of good comfort." He said:
We are uniting together for the last time
before we separate foe a while. Some will go
. . , '■ ' . '-■.., •' " . ■' . . ' '■
Auction Sales
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Slitter St., Above Grant Aye.
AT SALESKOOM THIS DAT,
MONDAY, at 10:30 A. m., I will sell a Large Va-
riety of Parlor, Dining-room, Bedroom and Kitchen
Furniture.
P. BASCH, Auctioneer.
to the country; some. must stay at home; and
some, it may be, will be called to the eternal
borne. Seeing that we may not all meet again
what more fitting salutation can I give you
in this parting hour than that of Paul: "Be
perfect: be of good comfort." A strange com
bination of commands. The one condemns
us; the other quiets us. Can we harmonize
them in our lives? They are joined together in
our text, and what God hath joined together
let not man put asunder. Any uninspired
man would have put comfort before perfection,
but Paul puts perfection first, and Paul is
right. Both arc destroyed if the order be re
versed. Comfort is all that a good many
Christians care for.
We had to recast our notions of religion.
The one word that rings thruuirh the B:ble is
righteousness. Christ's shame and sorrow ought
to shame us forever out of all thought of a
comfortable religion. The only thing that can
warrant such sorrow as Christ's is our perfec
tion. Put that word first and find it an ideal,
and if yoo aim at anything less you are work
ing at cross-purposes with Christ.
But what is perfection? Sinlesness? That Is
negative and does not bring out the force of
the mighty word. Completeness. No mortal
may dare assert this of himself. There was
but one perfect man and he more than man,
infinitely more. Periection of the Pauline
sort means whole-hearted consecration. If you
look for perfection of the sinless sort in your
life you will find very little comfort ; but if you
look for Pauline perfection, whole-hearted
consecration, you have a right to "be of pood
comfort." It is quite possible, then, to har
monize Paul's combination of commands in
our lives. "Be perfect; be of good comfort."
This is a text to take with us wherever we go.
Jt was Paul's parting salutation to the church
at Corinth, but Corinth is only;a name. Any
other will do as well.
To us it means, California and San Francisco,
"Be perfect." Give yourself in whole-hearted
consecration to God wherever you are, and
thus shall you be of good comfort. If you go
away do not leave your religion behind you.
Take it with you, faithful soul, be faithful al
ways. If you go through "Vanity Fair" change
not your pilgrim garb nor your heavenly
speech. Still wear the upward look that
searches for the city boyond the stare.
Before I go, let me commend to you Dr.
Birch, who shall occupy the pulpit while I am
gone. I commend him to you most heartily.
He comes with the highest credentials. If you
encourage him ten-fold more than you have
encouraged "me I shall not be the least jealous.
If 1 find the church in ten-fold better condi
tion than I leave it I shall thank God and tate
courage. Finally, brethren, farewell, "Be
perfect; be of good comfort."
DR. YORK ON HARD TIMES
He Declares That "the Honest
Dollar" Makes the Poor
Man Poorer.
" The Call's ■ Position on the Silver
Question Is Commended by the
Lecturer and Applauded.
Dr. J. L. York, who will soon start on a
lecturing tour through the north, delivered
his linal lecture of the season in Scottish-
American Hall last night. The subject
was "Political Salvation."
Previous to the lecture the audience
adopted a series of resolutions compli
mentary to the lecturer, thanking him for
his work in behalf of liberalism and wish
ing him success on his journey and a
speedy return.
The lecturer said that whatever is
wrong in the country is not due to the
constitution, but to a lack of understand
ing what that constitution means. He
said that continual agitation as to hard
times does not amount to anything unless
the agitators provide a remedy, and sug
gested that the remedy for tho evil be
tween capital and labor is justice based on
equal rights. Such justice, he said, would
produce right here that happiness which
is promised in the sweet by and by in the
land beyond.
"That degree of happiness,' he said,
"will be attained when others do unto you
what you would like to do unto others.
The political parties each have certain
principles, but as none are perfect we
should vote for the candidates of the party
that is nearest in accord with our prin
ciples, which are: 'Do no wrong and sub
mit to no wrong.' We must not look to a
power beyond to help us; we must help
ourselves.' 1
The speaker then gave his idea of gov
ernment, explaining that the reason we
have such is that many of the people
are too ignorant to govern themselves.
People must be educated to govern
themselves, for governments are terrible
things and they are very expensive. A
proper administration of affairs will bring
about good result^ but it is not by money
that reforms can be brought about, it is by
the earnest desire of the people to be
properly governed. The belief is that
with, an increase of population by millions
there would be a decrease of taxation, but
the contrary has been the result; our taxes
are growing heavier and heavier and the
reason is that people cannot govern them
selves.
The- top and bottom of society must
come together in order that there may be
an elevation of the common man and give
him an opportunity to elevate himself and
rise In intelligence, for brains and intelli
gence, not force, must rule. The injus
tice of taxation is manifest and no better
example is needed than what is being de
veloped in our conrts.
"Democracy as advocated by Jefferson
was protection to thn people, but Democ
racy of to-day has been twisted all out
of that purpose, and it is only a
small minority that rules the people. In
fact the Supreme Court is the Govern
ment. If the lower house of Congress
does something for the good of the people
the Senate may nullify it. If the Senate
concurs the President can nullify it, and
afterward the Supreme Court can nulliiy
anything that the President may do for
the people."
The land policy and the monetary sys
tem he declared to be the dangerous rocks
on which the Republic is striking and tnat
these two questions will be the leading
ones in the Presidential campaign. He
said "the demand of the people, all in
telligent people, will be for free silver, and
if any broker or banker opposes free silver,
hang him."
"The cry that the gold dollar is an honest
dollar is the wickedest lie ever uttered by
human lips, because the maintaining of a
gold standard depresses the price of labor
and brings the laborer to the verge of
starvation.'"
He spoke of the evils of landlordism and
advocated the ideas advanced by Henry
George on lands and on single tax, and
added that it was the fear of poverty that
caused people to set aside their morals and
strive by all means to acquire wealth.
He then ?aid that iheruinof the country
is the gold bugs of Democracy aqd the
gold bugs of Republicanism, and de
nounced the demonetization of silver as
one of the greatest crimes ever committed
against the common people. He said that
what the country wants is a double
etandard with silver at 16 to 1.
The lecturertben said: "The San Fran
cisco Call is to be commended for its able
stand on the silver question. It speaks for
all. If McKinley had the same ideas ou
the silver question that The Call has he
could be the protector of the people of tho
United States. The Call's articles on the
methods of Carlisle in keeping up the par
ity of the metals are worthy of careful
study and consideration."
In conclusion he said: "The murder of
two girls in a church has been called 'The
crime of a century,' but the crime of the
century waa making a king of gold and a
AUCTIOiSALE!
is* fe fe fe
MONDAY, JUNE 8, 11 A. M.
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st,,'
• '. Wit WILL BELL
Sixty' head of broke and unbroken Horses: 1
Matched • Driving Team: 1 Black Standard-bred
Koad Horse; 1 Black Business Horse: 1 fast Pacer,
Solano Boy, with line Koad Bnsgy and Harness ;
3 Canopy-Top surreys; 1 Extehsloa-Top llock-
aways: b actons: 7 Spring Wagons; 6 Carts; 8
Open and Top Bu-'j<ies; 30 sets Double and Single
Harness; Saddles, etc.
. (SULLIVAN 4 DOYI.E, Auctioneers.
slave of ailver. Let Americans rise and de
clare their second independence by rertor
ing silver to tbe place it occupied and free
ing themselves from Wall street and Eng
land; and to do this the people must
vote fora man who is in syruDathy with
the common people and not with the gold
bugs and monopolists."
The lecturer's commendation of The
Call's position on the silver question was
loudly applauded by the audience.
MRS. HENRY WARD BEEOHER
Quiet Home Lire of the Widow of the
Celebrated Preacher.
Within a stone's throw from Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn, at the corner of Hicks
and Orange streets, ia the modest resi
dence of Mrs. Beecber, the widow of Henry
Ward Beecher.
This venerable woman, 83 years of age,
is generally at home in the morning busily
writing for some publication. The parlor
where she does, her literary work is a
cheerful and pretty room, with pictures,
birds and flowers. There are numerous
photographs of her dead husband, repre
senting him from his early youth to a
period shortly before his death. There is
also a statuette of him by Rogers, which is
very lifelike.
Curiously enough, over the grate under
the mantel-shelf, the old family door
plate, with "H. W. Beecher" engraved on
it, is fastened. Mrs. Beecher prefers to
live independently, although all her chil
dren have urged her to reside with them.
Twice within a few years she has made the
long journey to Puget Sound to visit one
of her sons, and has not found tne journey
tiresome.
Looking through the lace-curtained win
dow toward Plymouth Church, she said:
"Dr. and Mrs. Abbott and tneir assistants
are very good to me, and so is the congre
gation generally. The pastor and his wife
visit me frequently and are like children
in their affection."
Mrs. Beecher is still superintendent of
the church sewing society, and has defer
ence shown to her in social matters. When
I asked if she admired the bronze statue of
Mr. Beecher, which stands in front of the
City Hall, she expressed a certain distaste
for its arrangement of drapery and posi
tion. It was intended as a pleasant sur
prise for her,- but had not proved one.
When asked if she believed that we
would recognize our loved ones after
death, she replied, "Most certainly," and
repeated a verse she had found written on
a bundle wrapper of brown paper without
giving the author's name. It was as fol
lows: ;. .
When the spring winds blow o'er pleasant places,
- .. . The violet is here; ■ -
It all comes back, the garden and the color,
ana here ,
No blank is left— no looking for is cheated;
It is a thing we know. ■
80 after death's winter it most be
(;o i will not send strange things we hardly know;
The old love will look oat from old faces—
dearest, I shall have thee.
\". It is very sweet and pathetic to hear this
lady tell her little story of being a young
schoolteacher in her native New England
village when Mr. Beecher, at the age of 17,
was also teaching in the neighboring vil
lage. - They boarded .in the same house.
Propinquity made them lovors, and they
were married when very young.
"Oh, how happy we were in those days, '
she added, . "and. we worked so hard;
he preaching, teaching, and I taking
boarders,- besides my family cares." »
Mr. Beecher was a most indulgent father
and husband, but the wife transacted
business matters and acted as his. secre
tary through their, fifty years of married
life.
With their abundant means, through his
large salary and income as a lecturer, she
had no thought of becoming at all strait
ened in financial matters, but certain in
vestments have proved disastrous, so that
she felt obliged to remove from her com
fortable home. A wealthy and' generous
member of Plymouth Church has pur
chased this residence and given her the
use of it for life.
Mrs. Beecher is wonderfully well pre
served, talks exceedingly well and is gen
erally intelligent and well informed. Sne
comes from an old New England family
named Bullard, from which there have
been two or three distinguished clergy
men. ;
Her tastes are very simple, and she has
an aversion to the new woman- and the
fashionable woman, contending that the
true sphere of woman is the directing of
her household matters and the cherishing
of her home, her husband and her
children.
"I have no active interest in political
questions," sne said. "I don't beli9ve in
women meddling, in politics at all, and it
makes no difference what I think. lam
remembered as , the wife of Henry Ward
Beecher. Many persons come here to see
me. Hardly a day passes without bring
ing some visitor, some incident that re
minds me of my irreparable loss."— New
York Herald. "
• — ♦— •
The theaters of London regularly em
ploy of 12,000 people.
ICftfit
jßcijorj
\ V . ,1 '
* iff" T . .. - 1 1 A
A smart Broadway, New
/ A York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has i to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I62SKEAEXVKT. ' Established
■ in lS34fortlictreatinentof Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
A disease wearing on bodyandmtndand
■ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
Mothers fall. I Try him. - Charges low.
■ guaranteed. Callorwrita.
Or. J. Jt". BBQMt Box i»57, San Francisco. '
1112
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record st the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile: f., furlong; », abonu
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Bids Will Be Asked for Tunnel
ing the Presidio
Hill.
Death of Lieutenant Gatewood, the
Officer Who Went Alone to
Geronimo's Camp.
General R. N. Batchelder, quartermas
ter-general of t_e United States army, and
Major George W. Davis, the military rep
resentative of Secretary Lainout, left the
City for the East last Thursday evening.
After visiting all the army posts in the
harbor of Sail Francisco they went to Mon
terey and San Jose as the guests of
Colonel A. S. Kimball, chief quartermas
ter of the department.
General Bachelder ana Major Davis
were impressed with the improvements
already made at the Presidio, and it may
be asserted as an undeniable fact that
there -will be powerful influence at Wash
ington in favor of enlarging the facil ities
at the Presidio for garrisoning troops.
A board of survey has been convened in
this City for the purpose of examining into,
reporting upon and fixing the responsibil
ity for the damaged condition and for the
deficiency in certain articles of clothing
and equipage at the quartermaster's depot,
for which Captain Aduison Barrett, mili
tary store keeper, quartermaster's depart
ment, is responsible. The board consists
of Lieutenant-Colonel William H. Bell, j
A. C. general of subsistence; Lieutenant- j
Colonel Johnson V. D. Middleton, deputy j
sureeon-general, .and Lieutenant Frank j
Greene. Signal Corps.
Captain Euclid B. Frick, assistant sur
geon , lias been ordered to report to the
commanUing officer of the Light Artillery I
Battaiion for duty with that command
during the remainder of its absence from!
the Presidio of San Francisco.
Lieutenant George W. Gatchell and
William P. Pence, Fifth, will remain on |
duty at Alcatraz until further notice.
Payments to troops on the muster of !
May 31, 1896, are assigned to paymasters I
as follows:
Major Alfred E. Bates— Presidio of San j
Francisco, Fort Mason and the troops I
petitioned in the Yosemite and Sequoia ]
National Parks, California.
Major Jonn S. Witcher — Angel Island,
Alcatraz Island, Benicia Barracks, Benicia
Arsenal and San Diego Barracks, Cali
fornia.
The post of San Diego Barracks and the
troops stationed in the. Yosemite National
Park will be paid under provisions of par
agraph 1349, Army Regulations.
The troops stationed in the Sequoia
National Park will be paid by the pay
master in person, it being impracticable
to make payment either by shipment of
currency or by individual checks.
Plans for the two double brics barracks
at the Presidio, for which an allowance of
$75,000 was recently authorized by the
Quartermaster-General, are now in course
of preparation, and proposals for con
struction will soon be invited.
In order to obtain a water supply for the
reservoir by gravity and save the expense
of pumping the water over the Presidio
hill, Colonel Kimball will ask for bids to
tunnel the hill. When contractors put in
estimates of the cost the department will
consider whether the amount lequired for
the work can be allowed.
First Lieutenant Charles B. Gatewood,
Sixth Cavalry, who recently died from the
effects of internal cancer at Fort Monroe, I
Va., was well known in San Francisco. He I
was on duty in this city during the time j
that General Miles commanded the de- !
partment.
At the Bohemian Club he was a great
favorite. Mr. Gatewood did not have a
weakness for recounting his personal ex
ploits or adventures in the line of duty,
but when he consented to relate to a Email
circle of friends the incidents of his visit
to Geronimo's camp to negotiate the sur
render of tnat chief the narrative was re
markably interesting. Before starting out
on the perilous mission of going alone i
through a rugged and mountainous coun- i
try to the heart of the hostile Apache j
band he was advised by the commanding
general that the duty was fraught with
exreme peri].
Geronimo took a decided fancy for "Big
Nose," a name which the chief gave to
Mr. Gatewood, and relied fully upon the
assurances which tbe officer conveyed to
the Indians. Mr. Gatewood also enter
tained a high opinion of Geronimo as an
Indian of character and force, whose
pledged word could be depended upon.
At the time of his death Mr. Gatewqod
was awaiting retirement for illness, which
would have been given to him as soon as
he was promoted to be captain. Although
a senior first lieutenant of his regiment he
died a subaltern after a noteworthy service
of nearly twenty years. He graduated at
West Point in 1877. He was buried in
Arlington Cemetery.
Colonel H. W. Closson, Fourth Artil
lery, the senior artillery officer, who grad
uated from West Point nearly forty-two
years ago and has served in the army ever
since, was retired last Saturday. His war
brevets were those of major and lieutenant
colonel for pallaru conduct at Port Hud
son and Fort Morgan.
Colonel Clossou hns seen men from civil
life and favorites of the regular army,
whose service on the field of battle was too
slight to constitute a record, appointed
over his head to the rank of brigadier
general, but it cannot be said that he ever
murmured at the injustice. The injustice
still exists and will continue as long as
persons high in political influence can get
favors from the President for their own
kin at the expense of honest soldierly
merit.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson of the Sub
sistence Department, who graduated at
West Point in 1853, retires this week. He
served in the infantry during the war and
was breveted up to brigadier-general for
meritorious service in the field.
Captain R. G. Shaw, First Artillery, re
tires this month. He entered the volun
teers in. 1861 as captain of a Rhode Island
battery and afte"r the war entered the
regular army as second lieutenant, he
was promoted for gallantry at Morris
Island.
The regiments that will be moved from
one State to another this year are the Sec
ond. Eighth, Fifteenth," Sixteenth and
Twenty-fourth Infantry. The list does
not embrace the First Infantry in this
department, so that regiment will be here
another year. The Fifth Artillery is also
safe to remain at San Francisco until 1897
and perhaps longer.
The light batteries of the Fifth Artillery,
now on practice march, will go into
Yosemite Valley. Returning, the batter
ies will reach Monterey to participate in
the Sloat monument celebration July 7.
Tiie report comes from Washington that
the battle-ship Oregon will go into com
mission July L
Chier Engineer R. W. Milligan of tbe
Monterey will be transferred to the Oregon
as chief engineer.
Passed Assistant Engineer Frank W.
Bartlett has been ordered to the battle
ship.
Charles W. Howell of Btockton, Cal., has
been appointed a cadet at West Point.
The Sherman Statue Commission, of
which Secretary Lamont is chairman and
General Miles a member, has decided to ac
cept the model of Carl Kohl-Smith, the
Chicago sculptor.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caxi~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opal
■ntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
H_S=' KING SOLOMON'S LODGE. NO. _~
it-- 7 260, F. and A. M., cor. Geary and __% '
Stoiner sts.— Called mpetinp THIS (MON-^f _f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. , Second /V^S
degree. By order of the Master. ' ; •
HARRY BAKHR, Secretary.
■r^K= OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, ■>
fSZjBr- F. and -A. M. — Called : meeting _%
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, June B,^2f
at 7 o'clock. First degree. By order of W. M. r^r\
• EDW. F. DELOER, Secretary.
fj_3s»- HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. .._•--
ISZS' and A; M.— Called meeting THIS A
DAY (MONDAY), June 8, 1898. at 7:30 If 3f
o'clock p. m. First degree. By order of the/^^
W. M. :■-•.-■ L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
H_^» KIEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- "»„.
»-— me and : family reunion of . the €S_l
Servian Montenegrin L. . and B. Society, ___£■_
SUNDAY, June 14,- 1896. at < California ffIHMI
Srhueizcu Park, San - Rafael. BontsCwMH
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Marker si.,E_2Seß
at 9:30 and 11 a. m. and 1:30 and B:30 IB San
p.m. Special train will leave park at agW
6:30 P. m. ■ Adult's ticket, round trip, in-
eluding admission to the park, 50c; children's
ticket. 25c. , Grand tombola; first prize $30 cash
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE. '
■ SPECIAL/;: NOTICES.
»_2s= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m^*r collections made, city or conntry.- Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Mont?y st., < room 6. Tel. 5580.
■^gp R. HARRISON HAS REMOVED FROM
»-6 r 1118 Market st. to 11 .Taylor, room 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES-Contln.ned. _■•_■
!»__=• NOTICE —"ABANDONED J CHILDREN
SS3p in the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1896— Martha Frost, age 7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary Hig-
gins. age 10 years.' Respectfully, ■ - •
g ' B . * SISTERS OF CHARITY.
!__■ ATTORN EY-AT-LAW R. W. KING, RE-
aF-^ moved to Chronicle bldg., room .91; advice
free; debts, insolvency.- legal papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9. : ;
■Pip COFF_?rS COLLECTION CO., 235
ittoS' Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364. •
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMAXE.
■\TEAT YOTTNn GIRL DESIBES SII'UATION
IN as nurse or housework: $10 to $15; best refer-
ences. MISS C L LLEN, 323 Sutter. ■
OR- RELIABLE .-HELP OF ALL NATlON-
alltles send your orders to MISS PLUNKETT.
424 Sntter eu; tele, main 5472.
EAT YOUNG GIRL: CHAMBER WORK OK
waiting; well recommended. J. P. JOHN-
STON & CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
T>EBPECT ABLE"WOMAN FROM THE EAST
X\ would like a situation to do general house-
work or plain cooking and washing: kind with
children. 26 Minna St., bet. First and Second.
T> ESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
XV child 6 years of age wishes a place as cook or
to do general housework. Call at 149 Perry St.,
bet. Third and Fourth. ' ■ ■ "-' ■-
Q ITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH GIRL
O to do general housework. Address care C. A.
ANDERSON, pastor of the Swedish M. E. Church,
29 Lafayette st~, bet. Howard and Mission.
P ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
XV to do general housework ; city or country: good
references. Address M., Branch Call Office, 339
Hayes st. . ■
yOUSO WOMAN, WITH CHILD OF 10
X years, wishes situation as cook in the country.
Call or address 1559Vg Market st.
ady WOULD like a POSITION of trust
as housekeeper or take charge of a hotel or
lodging-house; will give security. J., box 20, call.
A MEBICAN WOMAN WOUL D LIKE PLACE
A- as housekeeper, chambermaid or seamstress
Address room 6, 864y 3 Mission.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X chamberwork and waiting. Call for 8 days at
713 Natoma «. . ■ ■
•IV ANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG GIRL
' » to assist in light housework and take care of
child. Call or address 120 Valley st. .
T^NERGETIO WOMAN; GOOD BUSINESS
J-J tact: wants a position in ihe country; good
cook. X., box 137, all Office.
"CURST-CLASS COOK~AND LAUNDRESS;
X private family; city or country: good refer-
ences. J., box 16, this office. .
"Y OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework; 31 Boardman place, in rear.
1 \RESSMAKEK; PERFECT FIT; LATEST
XJ style. 127 Turk st. .
GERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, WITH
VJ 6 years' references, desires position: is trust-
worthy and very fond of children. 1585 Folsom.
COOK. GERMAN. DESIRES POSITION IN
•mall American family; wages not under $20.
Address COMPETENT, box 14. Call Office.
A'OUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell st., room 5. . -
17«IRST-CLASS FRENCH CHILDREN'S
-T dressmaker wants, few more engagements by
the day, weeK or month: terms moderate; satis-
faction guaranteed. Address 11. H., box 122, Call.
\,f IDDLE-AGED LADY DESIRES POSITION
i'l as chambermaid or housekeeper, country pre-
ferred. Address (or call after 12) MRS. JAMES,
146 Twelfth su, San Francisco, room 10.
V OUNG WOMAN DESIRES A POSITION AS
X cook or housekeeper. Please call at 118 Eddy
St., room 5. No trlflers need apply.
WIDOW WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
* ' housekeeper; country preferred. Address E.
L., box 99, Call Oflice.
" A MERICAN WOMAN DESIRES A POSITION
A as housekeeper; city or country. Room 20,
620 Market at.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
XV to assist light housework, or will biing up a
baby on bottle: wages very moderate; city or
country. Call or address 19 sixth sU
"you NO WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 1020 Market St., or 15
Eddy sU, room 20, second floor. ■ '
ADY AND HER DAUGHTER WISH SITU-
~» at ion to do cooking: best of references: city or
j country. Address L. D., box 102, Call Office.
T^KESSMAKEB WISHES WORK .BY THE
U day in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 Pacific st, . .---■..
RESSiiAKKR WANTS A FEW MORE EN-
gagements b. the day in families accustomed
to d work ; $1 per day. Address G. W., box
142. Call Office. •■•- ' -
ARRIED GERMAN WOMAN IS ANXIOUS
to get any kind of work by the day at $1 25.
Address G. W., box 60. Call Office.
{1 KRMAN GIRL- WANTS SITUATION FOR
Vir general housework. 129 Third st.
»V ANTED — POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
* * or as nurse or companion to a lady ; salary sec-
! ondary consideration. Address E. 8., Call Branch,
• 713 l-arkin.
TVTEAT. RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN
1 _.! wants situation as housekeeper;or lunch cook '
! in saloon ; good cook and housekeeper. 724 Mont-
gomery su, room 11. j
Q WEDIBHGIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
O housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 1136
Florida st.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV
X eroess, chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. G., box 17, Call Office.
j \ki IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
! *' keeper; city or country. Call at 681 Mission
I su room 10, first floor.
YOUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
X with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to da Please call 917 Market su,
room 18.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
if Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
| free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
pfuNT^^"c^?cl7lNE's^^?rDyAPAl?F^E
XX employment office, 17 Webb si., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V/ office; best help. 4141/2 O'FarreU: teL K. 426.'
/"CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLE 640 Clay.
FC. U. COOK'S SOL. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches :short° notice. ]4 < iearv. tel. Gram 46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 8148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
O Stevenson su, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPAN EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
Af AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WOULD LIKE
i'l- to take care of gentleman's place during the
summer: city or country; can give the best of
city references: no family. Address C. H ALLEN,
317 Fremont st. —
YOUNG BOY, LIVING WITH MOTHER,
would like to get a place on milk ranch or
fruit farm: a Rood home and kind treatment more
an object than wages. Call or address CHARLES
P., 8 Essex st. ■ .-' • ■ •
LECTRICIAN— POSITION WANTED BY A
Xli strong young man to learn electrician trade:*
had 2 years' experience: will start with small
wages; can furnish good reference. Address E. E.",
box 134, Call Office. ■
OBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
desires position in office or store: thorough
knowledge, of bookkeeping; speaks German
and English: first-class reference. Address G.
BOSSKKO, 34 Hill st.
ARBEK— SITUATION WANTED BY A
good young barber, to work steady. Address
E. E., box 134. Call Office. * >i.--.-.. /
Y OUNG GERMAN, 18 YEARS OLD, WISHES
X work in a saloon. CONRAD SIEDEL, 1147
Howard st. '*■■■■
OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION IN AN
office; can do shorthand and bookkeeping. Ad-
dress B. A., box 131, Call Office.
SOBER AND WILLING YOUNG MAN
(Danish) desires a steady job of any kind; will
drive wagon. Address J., box 140, this office. . . • ■
ROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the experting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
WILL PAY $20 TO $50 TO ANY ONE SE-
curing me steady employment. . Address S. E.,
box 137, Call Office.
COACHMAN AND GARDENER AND RE LI.
".-' able man about place wishes a situation: city
or country. Address W. E., box 72, Call Office.
"I^NGINEER WITH: LICENSE AND YEARS
XJ of experience in city and mines, can run
dynamo, wishes a situation; city or country. Ad-
dress S. A., box 83, Call Office.
TEA DV YOUNG MAN .WISHES POSITION
as driver; well acquainted with city. Address
Steady, box 124, Call Office. . V  .
BAKER FOREMAN, ON BREAD OR BREAD
and cakes wants I'.eady situation; city or coun-
try. .v Address 19 Zoe St., bet. Third and Fourth,
near Bryant. -.^ ' y .• ? '•"■?■■■;■:;"■; _"•). v •<
I. AKER— YOUNG MAN, 23, WANTS PLACE
' ; as assistant baker; good worker and workman
for small | bakers; trustworthy; worked in big and
little jobs; take low wages. 13., 639 Clay St., _F.
DANE, IS A FINE DRIVER, KNOWS THE
care of fast horses and garden; can milk; with
good references. Address O. C, box 29, Call, r —
WA — SITUATION OF ANY KIND BY
TT /steady man; city or country: good reference.
Address E. X., box 103, Call. ,■■:■-.
p ELIABLE, FIRST-CLASS MAN (GERMAN)
XV wants situation as coachman; Is good, plain
gardener; good references; city or country. Ad-
dress F. C, box 137,.Ca1l Oflice. ; . .
AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WANT WORK,
city or country; wife good saving cook;: man
used to kitchen or outside work; references, if re-
■ quired. , Please call or address 32 Fourth, room 12.
ITUATION ; .WANTED. AS COACHMAN;
thoroughly understand* his business,' also gar-
den and cows: willing about place: ■ first-class
Eastern and California references. ■. Address NED,
1649 Everett sU, Al-meda, Cal. :
, SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
/ GARDENER— SITUATION WANTED BY A
l T German gardener; can milk and . take care of
horses; references. Address Gardener, box 25,
Call Office. . : ' -. '-
pOACHMAN — A YOUNG - ENGLISHMAN
V wishes place, having best of English, French
and American references: ■ good salary expected.
address M. R., box 88. this office. '
OUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand ; and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94,
Call Office, -..:.■:■•■ y ■-.
RELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
XX valet or private waiter; has 18 years' refer-
ence. Address H. B. 8., box 104, Call Office.
MAN ANDWIFE.NO CHILDREN, DESIRE
situation to care for gentleman's residence or
any work. Address c. M. A., box 143. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN OF 22 DESIRES A SITUATION
X in -business house or store; willing to do any
kind of work ; Is a good stenographer and type-
writer and is familiar with office work and assist-
ant bookkeeping. Address W. W., box 50, Call.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per- night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OUNG MAN WANTS WORK OF AN KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced cleric; will
drive wagon; best of reference- • Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office.
W INCHESTEB HOUSB, 44 THIRD, NEAR
:;»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus haggasrPio and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. . .
WANTED— FOUR GERMAN, FBENCH, PRO-
testant and Irish second girls, $20; 3 cooks,
German style, $25: German nurse, $20- 3 cooks
In institution, boarding-house and restaurant, $20,
$25 and $30; kitchen helper, $20; and a great
many girls for cooking and housework in city and
country. J. F. CBOSETT <fe CO., 312 Sntter st.
ANTED— PROTESTANT NURSE, GROWN
children, country, $20: French girls for house-
work, $20 and $25; Spanish cook, $25; second
girl, $15; young girls to assist,sl2 and $16. LEoN
ANDRE. 316 Stockton st. ■
QOK, COUNTRY $20. MISS CD LLEN, 3-8
Sutter st. ■■.-••■■
T>EFINED GIRL AS COMPANION AND DO
XV housework, $12. .MISS CULLE S. 323 Sntter.
OOK, $35; SECOND GIRL. $25; CHAMBER-
maid, $20: nurse, $20: 20 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. . MISS CULLEN, 323 butter st.
MM A BIEGMUND, WAITRESS, PLEASE
XJ report. ('. B. HANSEN & CO., 10 Geary st.
IRL ASSIST IN DRA WING AND DRAFT-
ing In machine-shop; $35. C. K. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary st. _^_^ ,
HOUSEKEEPER FOR VALLEJO, $15;
J-L housekeeper for Yolo County. $15; Swedish
housekeeper for Solano County, $15:. German
cook, city, $20; girls tor housework, $16 and $20;
young girls, light housework, $10 to $16. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary su
WANTED — A CHAMBERMAID (MUST
sew), private family, in country, $25; a first-
class cook, also a parlormaid aud waitress, same
house in San Mateo. $35 and $25; nurse for in-
fant, for Mexico, $20; second girl, Mare Island,
$^0: waitress, plain hotel in country, $25; 4 good
housework girls to fill country places, •$ "0 ana $26;
10 good housework girls for city, $25. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sntter st.
IDDLj£-AGED GERMAN RANCH COOK,
$20 to $25: hotel waitress, country, $20:
young woman assistant cook, small country res-
taurant, $20. MURRAY & BEADY, 634 Clay st.
"VTEAT WOMAN, ABOUT 30 TO 35 YEARS OF
J.^l age, to cook for men, $15; housework, small
family, $20; 50 women and girls can find situa-
tions at MURRAY & READY'S, 634 Clay St.
COOK; SHORT DISTANCE IN THE COUN-
\J try, 2 in family, $25; 4 cooks, city, $25:
Swedish housegirl, $26: 2 second girls, $20; 4
housegirlt, $15 to $20: nurse, $20. Apply 316
Sutter st. . ■
WANTED— A GERMAN GIRL TO DO GEN-
'» eral housework; must understand cooking;
small family; no children. 1046 Golden Gate ay.
W AN I ED— GIRL GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
"must understand cooking. Apply 1309 a
Hayes st. 'r
NEAT -YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GKN-
j — ' era 1 , housework; 3ln family; wages $10. 2720
i Sacramento St., call only between 10 and 12 a. m.
ANTS FINISHER; STEADY WORK. 1286
East Fourteenth St., East Oakland. Call
ready to work.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 1325
Guerrero st. .
WANTED— NEAT GERMAN GIRL FOR
TT housework. 516 Ellis st. '
pOOD COOK WANTED. 131 THIRD ST.
ANTED— AN APPRENTICE AT DBKBS-
making. Call at 1609 O'Farrell st.
"yOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL-
X dren. 1308 a Leavenworth st.
VOCNO GIRL TO MIND CHILDREN; CAN
X sleep home. 1217 Webster.
[."'inTsher ON COATS; ONE that CAN
X I make buttonholes. ' 436 Sixth St.
WOMAN TO COOK. 136 SECOND ST. ~
YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Apply at 616 Chestnut St. -
A PPRENTICE TO LEARN FIRST-CLASS
A vestmaklng. 502 Washington St., room 10.
WANTED — PUPILS FOR A MILLINERY-
• » school; class forming for fall season; thorough,
practical; satisfaction guaranteed; reasonable.
410 Leavenworth st. -
T EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE THOR-
XJ oughly at MRS. B. L. JONES' Dressmaking
School, 605 Fell sU
}~jrREE TREATMENT TO THE POOK (MAG-
netically) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to 12; con-
sultation free. 1026 Market St., room 1.
EXPERIENCED FINISHERS ON LADIES'
I X- cloaks. DANNENBAUM, MUELLER &
[ KAHN, 723 Market SU '
A PPBENTICEB — FREE LESSONS EVERY
A Tues. In dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RK-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.
ITAIRDRESSING. 25c AND S6O: MORMNO
XX and eve classes; 10 lessons.-?] 60. 1248 Mission.
Poat-finishers wanted. 641 MARKET
\J street.
VI" OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
,Tl Winchester House, 44 Third St., near .Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r\UEBSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
■V- en. Mr!" KM. .Academy. '-'13 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
ANT_O— TWO MILKERS. $2^T~LAUN^
tt dryman; choreman, $15; farmer, $200 year;
6-borse teamster, $30; farmer and wife, small
place, $25; cook and wife, country hotel, $60;
waiter, country hotel, $2 ■>; and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT <fe CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH AND SUOER, COUNTRY
shop, $40 and board: 4-horse teamster, coun-
I try, $20 and board: 2 farmhands, near city, $15;
| choreman, country, $12; ranch teamster and wife,
i $35; A. D. Richmond and wife please call. R. T.
WARD & Co., 608 and 610 Clay st. '
VTEAT YOUNG PANTRYMAN, CITY, $6 A
—iwcek: washer, country laundry, $35 and
found; second cook, hotel, city, $35. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
ANTED- BUTTER-MAKER AND SALES-
man for butter and egg depot In city; no
milking; *30 and good home; American preferred.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. . .
WANTED — 4 WAITERS, HOTEL NEAR
city, $25 per month and found; good place;
cook, across the bay, $35 and washing, room, etc.,
nice place. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
ANTED-55 MINERS FOR A QUICKSILVER
mine, $62 per month, good job: American
butter-maker for city.no milking to do, $30 and
found, Al place; 4 milkers, $20; 1 • woodchopper
for Sonoma County, good layout, $1 25 per cord;
also farmers, haying-hands, laborers, cooks, wait-
ers and dishwashers. W. D. IiWKR &. CO., 626
Clay si. , ■ --. . ..;. ;.; ■ ■ ■: ■ . ■ "~ -,'. -■
p. a sawmill laborers, no kxpk-
O\J rience required. $20 and found, half fare paid
by company: 30 tlernakers, 8c and lOceacn; 5
hoppers. $1 • per cord: charcoal burner,, 10c
sack. MI'RKAY & READY, leading employment
agents, 634 and 6 36 Clay st.
If) WAITERS. $25 AND $30; 6 COOKn, $30
X\J and $66; 4 dishwashers: lroner Troy ma-
chine. MURRAY & BEADY, leading employment
agents. 034 and 636 Clay st. "
2, , FARMERS FOR ORCHARDS, VINE-
-1 yards, ranches,s26: 10 haymakers. $26. MUR-
RAY & RKADV. leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay su
"I A MILKERS FOR DIFFERENT PLACES,
X\J city and country; 5 teamsters, $26. MUR-
RAY & BEADY, leading employment agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. . .
MAN COOK FOR A SCHOOL. $25 TO $30.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -
COLORED WAITER. COUNTRY, $30. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. . ' " ■ ':
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
UAKIIER* ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY;
-!-> menu Secy, P. c. Hamann, 2S9V a O'Farrell.
FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
I .MUST-CLASS = CLOTHING PARCEL-WRAP-
X\ per, must be an expert in wrapping, at Raphael's.
j Apply to R. R. RAPHAEL. v
TWO MEN, GOOD s TALKERS (INSURANCE
X proposition). Call forenoon 6th floor, room -6,
Mills building. . ; ■: - f v\: ;■';.■■;;■'
HARNESS-MAKER WANTED WITH SMALL
sum of _oney; well secured: steady work.
Apply 810 Broadway. Oakland. . Open until 9 p. m.
T ABGE : BOY-FOB ERRANDS IN TAILOR
XJ shop. 291 Everett St., near Fourth. . ■"'■..-
I7UR-ST-CLASS PORTER FOR BARBER SHOP
. and bathrooms; references. P., box 2, Call Office.
ANTED — A GOOD BUTCHER. 31 VA-
*T , lencla at., corner of Herman. ■---• .
WANTED— A GOOD WAITER AT 427 LAB-
T> kin st. ■-. ■■■--:. ■ -;•. ■;.. ' -. - ..:'-■ -.;■:■.:
nARPENTER.AND LABORER WANTED.
\J 429 Third st. '-,■■■•.■■ <J
ANTED-BHOEMAifIfiR. 1050 HOWARD
_, street. •,■.■.■/-"■;■.-:■■/. ■.' ' j'-s :':. ..
.'::. y:~A:':'." J : . '",' ' ' '
HELP ,' WANTED— Continued.
■^An£e^MKa1 ;^c3olk^T~TssTlJa^KEt"
WELL-PAYING ROUTS: PORK AND DELI-
» » cacies; wants partner with $160 to open store
and attend same. 235 Third st. > • ' " v
a*' ANTED— BARBER to buy A 4-chair
" shop with lease: best location on Market su;
price $250. ■ ■ 8., box 134, Call Office. • '
D ABBER-SHOP FOR SALE; WHOLE OR
Xi part; long lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
BARBER-SHOP, • BENT. 15c. paying
well, for $150. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
SHOEMAK_!R WANTED AT 635 COMMER-
cIaI st. ,'■•-'•■.: ■<••■ • ■■ ... -■ ■■ •: . ■•::■■: --
QTEADY MAN WITH $300: SALARY $80;
0 mechanic preferred. Address M : box 101,
Call Office.
RELIABLE PARTY TO SELL STOCK OF
X\> mining corporation on commission. C, box 3,
Call.
TVT ANTED— BARBER TO BUY A GOOD 15-
-»f cent shop on Sixth st., near Market; will be
sold to highest bidder; very cheap rent. Make
oner at 164 Second st., cigar-store. ■. ■■: •_ »'.--:
\\T ANTED— A MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
" taking care of 2 horses and wagon; not for
driving; but make himself useful in the store as a
porter; steady place for the right man. X., box
I*6, Call Office. , -
(Si I £,0 FINE BUSINESS FOR SALE:
«IPXO\/. trade: security: cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. : '-■■
TOE— PLEASE WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
-0 tant news for yon. MAX, 476 Jersey.
NEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
J-^i 3d and Single furnished rooms, night 15c to '
60c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
W ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
» 1 some simple thing to patent T Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & rO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ■
LCHO HOUSE, 8631/2 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $g week.
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
0 Pacific st., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 250 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED- MEN TO LKARN BABBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
C KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
) acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY-SING iE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldeadorff sts.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-solelng 2,5 c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
A STHMA CUBE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
/A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
a REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm su
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.; 200 rooms; best in the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, Via week: meals 10c.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J > sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
1i |A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, ISC
X \i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
.ANTKD-SINGLE BOOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
'" V4«k; rooms ."or two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\\f ANTED— FOX THE UNITED STATES
TT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis su, San Francisco,
Cal. .■■■; ■ ■; ,-'
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• V your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
EN" TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It. . ■
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, BOMB
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl tof lager. sc, at 637 Clay St.": :
riIKY ACME HOLBK. 9;>7 MAKKKT ST., BE-
I 'mv S'x'>i. for » )O"irir ■'•■ a nlyh' ■: $1 » week.
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS "WANTED IN HAY WABDS, SAN
Leandro and Alameda; an energetic woman
of good address for lucrative employment. Ad-
dress G.. Alameda.
HOUSES- WANTED.
T\f ANTED— COTTAGE OR SMALL HOUSE,
» T furnished or unfurnished, In the "warm belt"
of the Mission; must have grounds or garden ; best
of references given. Address G. <»., box 137. Call '
ROOMS WANTED.
■WA^^r^D^NlcE^PAßLlm^LOoTro^Toß^S
" rooms: partly furnished; light housekeeping,
or small house; suitable for teacher: central and
reasonable. T. P., box 164, Call Office.  <
"DOOM AND POBSIBLY BOARD IN PRIVATE
XV Jewish family for young business woman.
Address J., box 102, Call Office.
TTi URNISHED SUNNY ROOM : NORTH OF
X? Geary, west of i (ctavia; terms moderate. : MISS
T. , box 147. Call Office.
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
: ; Eir^U^TNiESsT % $io^O~B&
X quired.- OWNER. 1176 East Fourteenth st.,
Oakland. "' " ■■'
wanted-miscellaneous.
a^t^d^To^'r^n^X^vXll^d^t^nt":
if suited will buy. Address W. B. L., box
329, Call Branch Office. -
F~ iRST-CLASS DENTIST WILL EXCHANGE
dentistry for carpet*. Address Dentist, box 50.
Call Office. . -.. .. _________"
WANTED— ASSAYER'S SCALE OR COM-
IT plete assaying outfit ; must be first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2046. •
W ANTED-OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
TT ing. O. NOLTE, 222 O'Farrell st.
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing: postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
feLL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
plrv to A. KLKIX. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
" LOST.
•t ost— a brown p^ke^tbook, on mab-
J i ket st. between Sixth and Seventh. Return to
MRS. BISDON, 24 Sixth St.; reward!
T ARG E WHITE FOX TERRIER: RED SPOTS
XJ on head; reward. Return to W. L. WILLIAM-
SON. 28 Webster.
T OST— 2 BLACK CATS: WHITE MARKS ON
XJ throat. Return to S. R. MOUNT, 213 Mont-
gomery St.; liberal regard.
"I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEBNIA
XJ Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the * name of ANNIE RICHARDS. No.
- 170408. The finder will please return to bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MAX KOLA KB, No. 128725. The
finder will please return to bank. ■ - ■
.-•.- DENTISTS. . ■"•■•.
i"^IRsT3L^^~D^N^rTsTRYT 37rST^CLAS8.
. prices; first-class < results; painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR- ■
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner Powell.
I.'\R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO&T ST., NEAR BU-
•XJ chan an; gas given: crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. CKANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, ' bridge work and ■ teeth without -
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. ■
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAS-
\J ket, bet. 3d and : 4th. gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings rm $1 extracting 50a with gas $1.
ONEBT WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
d_7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS-
<s) i good as can be made: fillins; $1. Dr. SIMMS,
! dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. - ,
K. LUDLUM, HILL, 1443 MARKET- ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
Tj'ULL . *>.!<; 1 .OF .TEETH, . $7; WARRANTED
-T five years. DR. V. CA V aLSKY, 24 sixth su
QET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. UK. H.
>J O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. . "
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THJS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of . improved : bridge ' work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell su
pAINLESS -J-. EXTRACTION, i 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. *R. L. WALsH. D.D.S.. 81634 Geary.
I B. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80t> MAS-
ket SU 4; DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ; ■<:.• ■
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: ; Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
A ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market su
■ . ■■■ :. ; ----v -- ; >". .■;. v to lease:. ,'•':■-'■'. "■'- -. ■
A~ Tba^oaln^o^lleab^Tf^r^t^rlSTof
years, 1 100 acres near Niles, Alameda County/
Cal.; fine grazing, and part for -farming." Inquire
of 8. SAL 2, CentervlUe, Alameda County. .
n ,^^^ BUSINESS CHANCES. _ __ n __ : _^J
mo SELL A BCbINESS OF ANY KIND
1 quick for cub, see GUS STRAND, 917 Market.
&£tnO RESTAURANT, WELL FITTED UP ;
■;TOUU. clears $175 a month; 2 living-rooms;
great bargain. GUS STB AND, 9 17 Market St.
JL'Qf^n DRY- - GOODS STORE : ■■■ OFEE B
tj) yOU. wanted. GUS STRAND, 917 Market
ji./'rA candy FACTORY and STORE;
<Jpl)Uly. corner. In the Mission; value of stock,
$1000; receipts $15 to $21) daily; living rooms. M.
LESS CO., 783 Market st.
_OCAn FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
<fi)£O\J\J. bar; choice • portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade: best class of custom ; big bar | trade; ' good
outslderoute; cheap rent;: owner's time occupied
in another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LESS & Co.. 783y 2 Market st. ,
ffij-l^nn . RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
UP X O\J\J. house In extra good location, north
of Market St.: elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost
capacity; highest class of custom; best prices;
owner going out of the State. M. : LESS & CO..
783 V 2 Market st. ... •-'•.•.-
CTJOOC RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
r*'_._.«J. loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business; large number regular
boarders; bargain. .STENBERG COMPANY,
!___________________________.
<Bizl^n RESTAURANT, NEvVLY FITTED,
tip^ttJl/. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st.
dW'-A CORNER GROCERY. BAR; WEST-
<S)\)O\J. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms; good place for
man and wife. STE NBERG CO., 632 Market st. '
fl_QflfMk PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
(JpOUUu, established steam-laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses and restaurants; valuable outside
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease If properly attended ; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. S.TENBERG CO., 632
Market st. s
flu -I f*f)f\ CORNER SALOON IN VERY
<IrIOUV7. best location, with large patronage;
must be . sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
WILKE & WOLF, 631 California.
({•CCn FINE GROCERY AND BAR; SITU-
i~nOO\J. ated on fine . oorner in Western Addi-
tion: carries nice stock: good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Maiket st. ■ • .. •
<J_l r(\ PARTNER WANTED: STEADY
O-»-«J\7. man to look after office, handle cash,
etc., in legitimate business, situated across the
bay; experience not necessary; duties easily
learned; has fine horse and buggy; will clear from
$65 to $75 per month to each. See GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st.
QjOwA CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
«3pOUU. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
ner, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; stock will ifi voice price asked. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st.
djtQCA SAMPLE ROOM, ESTABLISHED
fS)VO\J. years, with first-class patronage; choic-
est location: owner keeping two places; make an
offer. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
"vtotTce^having buyers willing to
i.l Invest in some legitimate business parties de-
siring to sell apply to HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
"fflfoAA PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING
tjp _SUU. and new and second-hand furniture-
store; fine chance for steady man to be connected
with first-class man. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
Inform restaurant and COFFEE-
«H)_Uy. house; clearing $75 per month; trial
given; sickness - cause of selling. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
o_/*nfk CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, 1
<JpUUU. block from Market st., near Wells-Fargo
office, doing large trade; death calls owner East;
rare chance. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California.
<n>Qnn BAKERY, OLD - ESTABLISHED,
tJpOUv/. with large route; baking 2 barrels daily.
JOHNSTON, 26V, Kearny St.
pIGAR-STOBE; ON PRINCIPAL STREET:
\J one of the best in this city; cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNSTON, 26y a Kearny sU
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
«4_Q/lA RESTAURANT AND oyster par-
tj) 'J\JVJ. lor taking in $36 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<8t I PvOfl BEEB BOTTLING WORKS.: 3
«Jrl«Jv/U. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate
this rare chance: the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall »ye.
Ci9nnn partner; one of the best
t]p_UUU. paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing: object for selling need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TT AVE PURCHASERS FOB COUNTRY BUSI-
XI ness places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hail aye.
© 1 i\(\f\ PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS;
«{pxUUU. no Sunday or evening work; the
place is already established and doing well; will
stand the fullest investigation, with the finest ref-
erence; experience not required. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
©OCA 10 BOOMS ALL FURNISHED COM-
«IPOiJ\/. plete; f35 Income above all expenses:
fine locality; cheap rent; rooms all full; investi-
gate this at once. ■ T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
q>"l (\f\ CIGAR-STORE; STOCK AND FIX-
I -L"V/. tures Invoice $150; must sell to-day.
Appply to-day, Sunday, BARRETT & SKIFF, 11
to 2 p. m.. 921 Market st. ■
©OCA CIGAR STORE ON SUTTER ST.;
<IP_UV/. dally sales $10: owner sick with rheu-
matism. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
<2*<7F.(\ WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
0 * *-'»■' and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building Included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
fflj')Cn|| cash grocery ibusiness:
tjp_UUU. horse and . wagon ; fiirst-class busi-
ness: good outside trade. - HICKOK <fe CO., 873%
Market. - -■
Qt/t^n SACRIFICE; COFFEE AND CHOP
.tou. house; clearing $100 a month; present i
owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK & <
CO.. 873y a Market st. . .
EST-PAYING RESTAURANT IN^ THE
X) city; cash receipts $45 a day; for sale: security
taken or will trade for some other business; a
snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st. .
OjOAA RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
tJFOKtyj. business, good prices: Ya interest or
whole. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
<3i 1 f^n SALOON: 9 FiRNISHKD ROOMS;
QtiUV. worth $1200. DECKER, 1020 MarkeU
TJESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
XL sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value In
locality and climate suitable tor a consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission. .. .
OB SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BUSl-
ness: cause for selling sickness. Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8. PetalumH. . '
OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SIN OLE
wagons. Stand corner Sansome and Sutter, J.
C FREDERICKS, owner.
TATE AGENCY; PLEASANT, LEGITI-
mate business: ■ proven profits $3000 yearly;
more in sight: only $500 cash required. B. J. D.,
box 11. Call Office.
TTiOB SALE— FINE CANDY. AND STATION- !
X; cry store; make offer. A., box 10. Call Office. j
ffi»"iP.(i EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
*H)XO\J. stand: clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store. 205 Larkin. j
OAKERY, G ROCERY AND COFFEE SALOON ;
1 > best location; good stock- party has been there I
10 years: reason sickness. Inquire 207 Seventh. i
OARDING-IIOUSE; 16 ROOMS: CHEAP
rent; good opportunity; $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drnmm st.
WANTED— TO BUY FOB CASH, SMALL, '
" paying business; no agents. Address J., box '
4. Call Office. _ : ]
FRUIT STORE FOR SALE; REASONABLE:
on account of death. Cor. Twenty-third and
Shot will sts.
G1 OOD PAYING RESTAURANT: FINE LO-
-1 cation; nicely fitted up; living rooms; rent
$17; good reason for selling. 3279 Mission st.
W: ANTED— OF MERCHANDISE FOR
spot cash. Address T., box 136, Call Office.
CIOMPLETE CLOAK FACTORY. CONSISTING
\J of machines, cutting tables. D., box 137, Call.
pHEAPFOR CASH— ENGLAND HOME
\J Bakery. 1817 Powell st.
ARTNER FOR BOTTLING BEER BUSl-
ness ; experience not necessary. 712 Fourteenth.
UTCHKR-SHOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 Fix" !
tnres: low rest. Apply UMBBEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
ffl»l RH A WELL-ESTABLISHED BUSI-
«JP- L «-''-'. ness, paying a net cash Income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. X., box 84, Call.
CIHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO ENTER
\J business: small capital. G. H., box 75, C all.
\VTOwD, COAL AND EXPRESS: PAYS $125
»' per month, for sale. 810 sixth st. : • .
W ANTED-PARTY WITH $2000 TO $3000
"to purchase a one-third or one-half interest in
an enterprise that will pay at least $5000 per year.
Only small sum need be paid down, balance can be
placed In bank as working capital. The present
owner Is a professional man, and cannot devote to I
it the necessary time. : To an honest, reliable man
he is willing to give entire charge and manage-
ment. Positively no risk, as: business is assured.
About 800 acres of land are included in the propo-
sition, only those meaning strict business need i
apply. If you want a good thing, investigate this, j
M., bo* 92, Call Office. - .
Gl ROCERY -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
* stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to gel a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIHaN, 509 Kearny su 1
IT OR SALE — HORSE, ; harness, , BUGGY,
X bicycle, 1: electric fan- for sale, trade or se-
curit) : a bargain. Colombia, 128 Fourth st.
HOLE BAKERY OUTFIT : MOVABLE
oven for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. ~ • „ •■
'OR SALE— ONE OF THE BEST PAYING
businesses in the city; will sell, trade or secur-
ity. Columbia, 128 Fourth st. . ~
TT ALF INTEREST IN SALOON: WELL PAY-
XX ing; •■■■ good location: rare chance for a good |
man. , Apply this office. .- - . '
li^Oß SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
J lmery and dressmaking business: on account
of ill-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M.. box 30,
Call Office. ;.. ::"-- :--:-.-'-■ -
iiv RANCH . BAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY
Xi rooms; good: corner; low rent." 449 Guerrero.
BFBITTESS CHAMCgS-Continned. '
DAKTNEB WaNTeT^N~~6-ACBB FBUIT
X ranch stocked, with hogs ana poultry: Fruit-
vale. Apply 34 Donohue building.
C ALOONFOR SALB-$800: WELL STOCKKD;
b good location: good reason for selling; no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office.
ILK BUSINESS OF 30 . CANS, RETAIL
M trade/for sale cheap: must be sold by the 15th
of June. Apply this office.
nT _ SALOON WITH LIVING BOOMS:
Cc^eap rtnt-^arg-in. Apply 212 Eighth ■_, cor.
Teh am a. ' -
OTEL, 26 BOOMS, CHEAP: SELL ON AC
H connt sickness ; rent $36. Apply this office.
n ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJT Apply this office. ______
TnOR SALE-FRUIT AND CANDY STAND;
±1 inside depot. Cor. California st. and Central aye.
A NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
A. for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
TpLOUR-SACKS~FOR SALE: NICE C £ E T A
X: and in good order: always plenty on hand. J. a.,
322 Pacific st., basement. ________
W ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
V> with us; will sell It In 9 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, _»
Fourth st. . ;
/-^ROCEBY AND BAR: GOOD LOCATION
Vjr and business. Apply Call Office.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. BIOBDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
TV" ELL-ESTABLISH ED CANDY, TOBACCO
» » and stationery store, with ice cream and ta-
male parlor attached; for sale cheap. Apply 1314 .
Howard su ,
T/OR BRANCH BAKERY, DELI-
XV cades and lunchroom: doing good business.
2708 Twenty-fourth St.. nr. Potrero ; no agents.
T HAVE A FINE OPPORTUNITY FOR A MAN
1 with small capital to enter into partnership
with present owner: capital wanted to c" 61 " 1
business; this is a good chance; investigate it. au-
dress G. 8., box 84, Call Office. .
VINE CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION;
r owner going In other business. Apply
SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First st. __,
BARGAIN; CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
furnished rooms In business part of the city:
present owner conducting business for 13 years;
reason, retiring from business. Apply BW. cor.
Sacramento and Drumm sts. • ,
TTentleman partner wanted by
VJ lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. a
<n> op;n branch bakery, candy AND
tJp_.OU. notion store; 2 living-rooms: good
trade. Apply 1802 V. Howard st.
COZY SALOON: CENTRAL AND NORTH OF
V.) Market. Address Cory, box 36. Call: no agents.
LODGING-HO USES >OK BALK.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I r-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
It) must sell. . DECKER, 1020 Market at. "
-ROOM CORNER HOUSE. $660: WORTH
Li. $2600: must be sold. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OR BOOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL; ONLY $1200,
OP worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 A BOOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
-11/ nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st. ■
fi* 1 &(\fi 60-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
I t)UU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARBETT <fc SKIFF. 921 Market.
©1 kA 16-BOOM LODGING-HOUSE; LOW
«3pXUU. rent; location Al; best bargain ever
offered; don't fall to see this snap. HICKOK <fc
CO., 873% Market st. -,
vL'inik LODGING-HOUSE. 13 BOOMS.
*JP±Uw. nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st.
T)OABDING-HOUSE: 16 ROOMS; CHEAP
X) rent: good opportunity; $500. New Uaasa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st. ■ " '.
ELL-FTJRNISHED HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS;
newly painted and papered; large basement,
laundry, yard; $550; must be sold. Address 11.,
box 113, Call Office.
VST SELL; 15.WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
see this and make offer. 644 Sacramento.
90 WELL-FURNISHED BOOMS FOR $600:
-£O low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st. : ■:■;; .
FTJKNITUKK iOK SALE.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IRE SALE • .
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■"..'•'
Oak bed 5eta.................... .........$l3 3)
Bed lounges 8 03
Stoves.. ._, 759
Carpets, peryard , .._ . 55
Linoleum, per yard ..».-..- 55
Matting, peryard ; .10
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. J.
NOONAN.
/I (Ml CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
*±\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- oungps. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
: FTJKNITUKK W^_*TJ_»..
OD-HAND Furniture FOB * country";
_. good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AMALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOREJ
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FUBNITUBK
XJ send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• tore, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
CAKPET CLEANING.
/""IREAT WESTERN cXrTetobeatin(>
VX works; latest machinery: cleaning So and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
TONES CU CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and -7 Bth.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3c.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHBN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Teham a st. ; teL So. 40.
C<ONKLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 33»
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.BENOVA-
\J ting. 38 Bth. STKVENB, mgr. TeL South 25a
CIABPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth- tat.
Bonth 36. D. mackintosh <ftCO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J- MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 463 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
HOUSES. '
O_OE. A FINE SADDLE MARE, WITH
<t]p—cl. equipments: bargain for boy. 143 Bart-
lett st.
G1 OOD, STRONG DELIVERY HORSE; BAR-
IT gain; $20. Apply 139 Second st. •
1 -^fl SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
_Uvr ness, all kinds; wagons, baggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts ; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCriON SALEB OF HORSES, BUOGIES,
wagons, harness, eta. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.evpry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
P^C\i\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND BAR-
O\J\J ness: all kinds; buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
it rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
At) HORSES FOrt SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
""' v» buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horw
Market, 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. :
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch. 630 Commercial st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
HANDSOME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
new, and single harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway, Oakland.
QTANDING-TOP DOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market^ •
LIG HtLv SOILED DRIVrNG GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HKINKMAN, 109 Sansome st.
YEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
— -i dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and •_• fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
IOR SALIC-MISCKLLANIOOUS. "
RESH HOLST EIN. COW ; 4 YEARS OLD;
gentle. 1312 Folsom st. • . ;
OX -TERRIER PUPS, THOROUGHBRED,
for sale.at 310 Golden Gate aye. *
ITPRIOHT BOILER AND ENGINE, 5
I horse-power; Bxl2 .rock-breaker. Engineer
404 Third st. ■
EGfIOKNS, WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF
Jsl each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS.
1183 Broadway, Alameda. ■ .
ATEW <t D-HAND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 To"
1> $65. Hamlltou Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
; bought and sold. 1121^ Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
IX-HOKSEPOWEB GAS OB GASOLINE"
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. • - •
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING^
X ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal*
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C a '
box 100, this office. *.
SECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN".
ginesf various sizes: guaranteed perfect order •
bargain. Q. E.. box 100, Call. «-i«raer,
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES-'
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California!
OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINEKy"
waterplpea. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Be ale!
j s UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASH_T
J> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale, 1166 Mission
O ! fl».^ I 'i iIEWI ' il ' i AND LABGE SI2S
\J fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market 9*
I^IRE AND BLRiTIaR SAFE. LEffni:
r press. Platformjcale^andjlesk :chSap 10. Clay
TYPEWRITERS.
V OSTprs3blTcATlGR APH; $25T~SENdT : OU
I.; rumple work. SCOTT & BAJSNaS. 883 _£££HOUSES TO LET.
O9Q GOLDEN OATB *ATB,'UR.fiiOJS ANkl
_»_»U Larkin; 2-story, bay-window ; 7 rooms and
bath.
Twenty-second st., bet. Guerrero and Dolores-
neat cottage: 5 rooms, bath and stable.
Fulton st. bet. Laguna and Bucnanan— 2-story,
bay-window: 6 rooms and bath. .
Stevenson st. or Lexington aye.. bet. Twentieth
and Twenty-first sts.-2-story : 6 rooms and bath.
Mission st., beu Eighth and Ninth— 2-story ; 7
rooms and bath.
Bond st., off Mission, bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenth— 6 and 7 rooms and bath
Hyde St., bet. Turk and Eddr-2-storv; 7 rooms
and bath.
Five large boarding-hour.es; over 60 rooms; cen-
trally located.
Apply to C.S. CAPP & CO.. 415 Montgomery
si., Real Estate Agents and House Renters.
R U^ H .? r " J * KT - MASON AND TAYLOR-
-l» house: 9 rooms and bath: sunny and tine
view; key at office. Apply to C. S. CAI'P & CO.,
Montgomery st., Real Estate Agents and
House Brokers.
49Q COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AND
_r--*t/ bath; stable; rent cheap.
71 Q DEVISADERO, BET. FULTON AND
ULJvV Grove— B rooms and bath: $30; water free.
\V ILL E. FISHER & CO.. 14 Post st.
*3»Q9 Cfk BKETUATKLBGANTNEWSUN-
VJfJ~.U\J. Ny 6-room house. 613 Guerrero SU
TO LET— SUNNY RESIDENCE "BE. CORNER
1 Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; fine
view. Apply H. MEYfcK, 929 Broadway.
4. ROOMS; YARD; BASEMENT: $10. 321
~t Tenth st.
XT OUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
XX low. 27 Clementina ht. .
71 "I SUTTER, NEAR TAYLOR — VERY
»xx choice: elegant; spacious; reasonable.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN— 3O MORRIS A Y E. ,
*•■ *• off Harrison St., near sixth; sunny house of 5
rooms; good order; $18; water free; yard; cellar.
A PPRECIATKD— IF SKEN— SUTTKR
■*» St., nr. Jones: choicefordoctorordressmaker.
1 1 07 HOWARD— UPPER PARTOF HOUSE;
-*■ xvf ' 0 sunny rooms ami bath; cheap.
'QQ9(i ARMY ST., NR. DOLOR_S-3-STORY
V' 1 -*- 1 -' house 8 rooms and bath; furnished or un-
furnished ; rent reasonable. Apply to L. A. SuUC
A CO., 465 and 467 Valencia at:
TJ OUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH AND GARDEN;
-»-•- good Order; rent reasonable. 1427 Post St.,
near Gough.
<S»QA MODERN HOUSE 7' ROOMS: BASE-
<DOU. ment; lar;e yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
HOUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery su
VUKWIStUED HOUSE*.
J--UKNISHED HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND
X bath; 4 months at $40. 1 509 Jackson St.. be-
tween Laritin and Polk.
If OR SALK; FLAT: 6 ROOMS; FURNISHED;
rent reasonable: no dealers. 44 Third st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
"•>.■; WILLoV^v£^OTTAG^c7FTROOjrs~;
I *->*J rent $9. Apply 600 Grove st.
CtQ n.t\ COTTAGEj FLAT, $11 50: LARGE
\. U.c>W. yards: cheap, 1123 Vallejo at,
pOTTAGE;" 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT; STABLE
\J for horses: cheap. 1303 Kaker st.
FUIiNISUJCI) I'LATS.
1 ," I . A T 6 ROOMS; FUR^lsT3Eior^O^_rEA_7
X ers; rent reasonable. 447 Minna st.
XTICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
- 1 - 1 and bath: piano: reasonable. 120 McAllister.
T owER FLAT, FURNISHED, TO RENT FOR
XJ 6 weeks; $27: no children. 1926 Ellis st.
FLATS TO IIKT.
HAVES, EAST 6T^lirLlj^RTr^UP?Eß
fiat, bay-window, 5 rooms and bath: $16; fine
view. Apply to C. s. CAPi 1 i. CO.. Real Estate
■ftgent, 415 Montgomery st. .
1 IST APPROACHING COMPLETION.
Five choice modern flats on corner of Twenty-
fifth and Folsom sts. ; all sizes. Inquire on prem-
ises.
I ■'OR SALE— FURNITURKQFS ROOMS AND
1 bath complete; sunny' house; rent $25; five
minutes' walk to Chronicle building. Address
I. F.. box 117, Call Office. '
HOI A FILLMORE— SUNNY, NEW| 7-ROOM.
t/_.i flat; rept very low.
,41 0 HAIGHT--SUNNY FLAT. 5" LARGE
xlvJ sunny room all improvements.
Ql *: GRAND FLAT, b ROOMS, BATH, GAS.
Qi-t). 8930 Nineteenth bet Noe and Sanchem.
L^LAT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 18 HAMPTON
X st., off Folsom, beu Second and Third.
/1991 POST," BET. POWELL AND MASON—
jb_.ZJB sunny flat; $16 - - ' .
1 01 A MINNA. NEAR ELEVENTH; 4 SUN-
XUX*± ny rooms: yard; water free. :
LAT: 4 ROOMS: MODERN. 118 ASH AYE.' I
off McAllister, above Polk. ■ I
"L^LAXS TO let— fine SUNNY FLATS; 4,5 ,
X and 6 room* and bath each; Valencia and
Twentieth Bts,; rents $14 to $17. Apply to L. a. !
JONES <fc CO., 4»55 Valencia st. j
1 Q v r HACP.AMENTO ST.-FLAT OF 3 !
10-O rooms; separate entrance; rent $10.
TTPPER OR LOWER FLAT, 4OR 5 SUNNY
L room*: bath and stable. 2721 Vi Bryant aye.
I" LAT, 4 ICE IiOOMeiTBATH. 5-7 GOLDEN
J Gate aye.
9QI 1 CALIFORNIA— UPPKRSUNNYFLAT:
_i/117 rooms; large garden and basement;
rent $36. '
79/-. HAYEH," N. S'IuE— UPPER FLAT! 7
I _«U rooms: rent £27 50.
79QA GROVE-LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
I _. Q and bath; light, sunny yard.
i- P.EED— FLAT 4 BOOMS ANJJ BATH; FINE
U view; $20. Key 1325 Washington, near Jones.
1 If* 1 FULTON — GOOD LOW FLAT: 6
X I Da rooms: hath: ::<>ar City Hall; $18.
71- OOTAVIA-FLAT Ol 1 5 SUNNY ROOMS
I it) and basement; gas: bath; water free.
ODE US FLATS, '4 AND 5 ROOMS, $14
and $15. 219Vs Twenty-third, near Harrison.
L'LATS IO LET: PKOPERTY FOR SALE:
-T all over town.' PATTERSON & V > ii Va-
lencia 8U
A(\rj(\ TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
_:U I a Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5
reoais: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
YTou McALLIsTER-MODERN FLAT OF 6
I ii)l7 rooms and bath, $_7 60. CMBSEN, 14
Montgomery tt. V.. .-
YEW SUNNY MODERN RI.IOM FLAT:
IX 4 Tremont aye.. nr. Waller St., Golden Gate
Park-, _^
TTPPKR»LOWER FLAT OF 2 OR 3 »UNNY
U rooms: bath, laundry; 36 Elgin Park, off Rid-
ley si., itboye Valencia.
StJNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: $13 and $16. 1706 Post a t .
X^laT^a nice flat and others to
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery St. ._»
Vq'A'7 bTEINKIt. NEAR SUTTEK-LOWKK
1o" i fiat: St modern large sunny roems; bain.
_. 11 FOUR NICE HOOM HT^" 515 THIR-
ty 1 X . teenib St., bet, Guerrero and Market.
1 (>W H FLATTED 77 1 ! TV THIRD ST.,
XJ 100 feet from Casiro cars: 4 rooms: batn: large
a rd: sun day; rept $14; water \ree.
}PLEGANT~NKW flats, HKVENTH ST., BE-
j low lirvant. 5 and IS room*, haih: M lo*]6.
JtlO^SUKiiKriNU KOOMS,
Broclerick Street.
iQll BRODERICK-3 ROOMS, BATH, HTA-
It) LX (ioiiary wash bowls: for light houiiekeepug.
California Street.
o;»Q1 CALIFORNIA— B ELEGANTLY FUR-
_.«)•> 1 pished rooms, bath, for housekeeping,
cheap; call forenoon. '
hddT htreet.
rr-t Q EDDY— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
i I.V yooma; runuing water; gas . .
tins >treo.. . '
Ol R ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
010 complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
COO ELLIS-4 SUNNY, UNFURNISHED
OtJ<b room's and bath for hon si-kee[.in-. -
nricz ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; .new.
I UO ly papered and painted ; complete for house-
keeping
Qrv'7 ELLIS-TWO ROOMS COMPLETELY
OU I lurnithed for housekeeping, $20.
""" i :iiii Street.
Ol i FIFTH — 3 BUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OX^T keeping rooms; bath, closet, stove; private
fitm'iy; $10- ■
Fourth street.
5 FOURTH— TWO FURNISHED HOUaE-
keeplpg rooms, connecting.
~ rolMim Street.
C* Q MONTH— 2 SUNN V ROOMS FURNISHED
«JpO for housekeeping. 785 Fqlsoni st.
FOf.SOM— LARGE, SUNNY, FURNIBH-
ODO ed bedroom, cqnnec.:ing with kitchen;
yard; complete; housekeeping.
QI7A FOLVOM— 1 wo NICE" FURNISHED
0 I U rooms for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
4,' FOi. sum-la ituK FUKNISHED ROOM
VOX) for housak eping: bath; $2 60 wgek.
5 Oeary St: ■•«.
rin GEARY-SUNNY SUITE OF PARLORS;
010 other sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
~ ~" dough > reet.
<11 R GOUGH-3 LARGE SUNNY HOTTBE-;
4-X\) keeping rooms', elegantly furnished; $18.
• Ueruiann Street.
OX HERMANN. NKAR VALENCIA- 1 OR 2
_iO rooms: nicely turnished with or without
1 iien; gas and bath. '_.....
"~ Hickory Avenue
1 f\n HICKORY AY -<" COR. FK ANKLIN-3
IUO sunny fur_lahe_rms lor housekeeping; $15. (
HaUSEKEKPTNG^ BOOMS - Continued.
Kearny Street. V
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
keeplng. Kearny st., near Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye. ■
Larkin Streec.
OOC LARKIN— 3 OR 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
O<£.U keeping room>; furnished complete; central.
too LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED I BAY-
riOO window housekeeping rooms; hot water;
reasonable.
Q1 7 LARKIN HAS CHANGED HANDS;
OX I nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping, all furnished. $7 up.
Linden Avenue.
9Q LINDEN AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
<_it/ Hayes su — Large uniurnlshed room; stove.
McAllister eel.
CflA MCALLISTER^ CORNER OCTAVIA—
OUU Nicely furnished sunny rooms with or
without housekeeping.
, iUniia Street.
qOA MINNA— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
10-c housekeeping; no children.
>lnth Street.
9 A NINTH, NR. MAR FRONT SUITS,
-<V housekeeping, stove, gas, water; single.
OctavU Street.
1 AflQ OCTAVIA ST.. COR. GEARY— FRESH-
X jtUO ly furnished indows and others; $7.
I'ulk Street. iSWlfii
(ii 1 POLK-2 OR 3 BUNNT FURNISHED
UJ.X rooms; exclusive kitchen: gas stove.
Post Street.
Q9O POSIV-2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, $10;
0~~. 3 finely furnished, $25; large yard.
Milli Street.
91 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN VhE CITY:
X— X cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
j9A SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FUKNISHED
"i_U rooms; water; complete tor housekeeping;
no children; »11.
C9Q SIXTH— 4 CONVENIENT UNFURNISH-
t)_.'J ed rooms and cellar; $11; also 2 unfur-
nished rooms; $6.
Xohaiaa Street.
9TKHAMA, NEAR FIRST — COTTAGE; 6
sunny rooms; large yard; rent lowered.
iin ret Street '
- 1 Q THIRD. CORNER SOUTH PARK-SUN-
«.'.li/_y rooms for housekeeping; range; run-
ning water.
Twelfth Street.
m TWELFTH— 2 SUNNY PARTLY FUR-
xO"T nished housekeeping rooms.
Union Street.
71 7 UNION— VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM
i X 4 and kitchen; all conveniences; private
house; $10.
Van >e»s avbiiub. -
A(\<-) VAN NESS A V.-a ROOMS FURNISHED
U_ for housekeeping; 1 front sunny; reason-
able.
"1 A(\l\ VAN NESS— SUNNY SUITES; FRONT
jL"x''O parlors: complete for housekeeping.
~ ~~ BOOHS TO LET.
Castro Street.
A QQI CASTRO — FINELY FURNISHED
t:OO!3 rooms to leu
Diamond Street.
A(\ DIAMOND — LARGE UNFURNISHED
_:'J front sunny room with mantel and grate: $6.
£447 Street.
rOA EDDY— FURNISHED gJUNNY SINGLE
OD\J room; $1 a week,
ft I I EDDY, NR. LARKIN— SUNNY FRONT
Ulttrooiu; gas, baih, rJosuts; uewiy furnished;
$8; ■■ '
1-l as li Mi-cot.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOTTbE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
IkUtl Street.
rriHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MBS. KATE a
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <fc cold water.
nOSEDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS— IOd ROOMS
Xt at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
OQQ ELLIS, COR. FURNISHED
UO'-/ bay-window alcove: gas s.ove: bath.
1 olsom Street.
19/11 FOLSOM— FRONT ROOMS;
1-tI kitchen if desired; $8 up; single rooms,
$4 up.
ueary Ntre«t.
9"! Cl GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
_ i I % or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
i.ulueu bate .iu-nut.
9Of\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
tJf)'" sunny room for gentleman; bath and gas;
private family ; $6.
rii; OLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
uIU furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
"'.;- GOLDEN GATE — FRONT OR BACK
'J—,') parlor cicely furnished; gas, bath, etc.
Prove Street.
I *O GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
J. _:O suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
999 GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
__._ bay-window room for 1 or i gentlemen;
also single room.
Hermann Street.
OC HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— OR 2
— *.) rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen: gas and bath.
Jones ntreet.
n7 JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I alcove mom; private.
O/17 JONES— THE VAN WI.NKLK; NEW
— ".' I management: elegant sunny suite* and
tingle; newly furnished: bath, etc; 810 10 SMI.
»-«:ttriiy htrtie*.
APLT«fOTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
JrL ant gunny rooms, en suite and singUt; tirstciaot
lii every respect: terms reasonable
Larkin Street.
Cl A LARKIN — SINGLE SUNNY fRONT
_»XU room with quiet family; $7.
"1 nn.7 LARKIN —SUNNY SUITE; ALSO
X.\J\J I single rooms: bath; every convenience.
i fJI Ql LARKIN-SUNN\ ROOMS ~RUJS-
XU XO2 ning water; 86 to $16: use of kitchen.
.Vttiku Mice.,
■\roSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 350 to $1 week, $1 80 to $6; families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR, MA-
son— Nice furnished sunny rooms; $7 month.
-nun* "tree;.
(KCKI minna, cor. eighth— NEWLY fur-
\J\J I nished Qav-wlndow rooms; $1 a weak,
7971 mTnNa-furnished front sun-
I — I a ny double room; gas; bath; $6.
j-.obloii street..
n-\ 9 MISSIOPT -NIOELY FURNISHED
UJ O rooms, lop to&Oc per ni^ht; $1 to $2 wee_.
THE WILSON HQUbE, 7 7 6 MISSION. NEAR
. Fourth— New fireproof building; 90 elegantly
furniHhed rooms; all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; He tosl 50 a day. -
1 0,90, MISSION- FURNISHED ROOM; HOT
X \J£\J and cold water.
-Natonia Street.
704. NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS .FOR
• U"r housekeeping or otherwise,
Ninth Street. """
mjf INTH-SINGLE AND DOUBLE FRONT
rooms; sunny; central; lower flat.
O'i-arrell Street,.
Of* "I O'FARRKLL— ELEGANT FURNISHED
OU x sunny cor, bay-window parlor rm. for 1 or 2.
Polk Street.
1 7 POLK - FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS,
X I or single; $B to $12: also housekeeping.
1 7f19~* >01 -' X'K ' COX. CLAY-NICE SUNNY
x I \J& single and housekeeping rooms.
Post Street.
/»O1 POST— FURNISHED ROOM; GAS
\JOX water, bath; single; $5 month.
Buss Street.
91 RUSS-BUNNY FURNISHED SINGLE
*-ii rooms; bath, closet; $&.
eixthSTresi.
I Ol MXTH-NICE SUNNY FRONT SUITES
1 i>'/i of rooms; reasonable: transient 60c per
night; suitable offices tor doctor or dentist.
949!*1XTH^LARGE KOOM SUITABLE FOR
— .1— a gentlemen; reasonable.
' Stuck tou Street.
A 1 7 STOCKTON - LARGE FRONT FUR,
"1! nisbed room *10; single $5 or $6; also
housekeeping.
butter Street.
AT HALF FORMER RATES— FUR-
A nished rooms, $2 60 per week. The Shasta,
820V2 Sutler' at.
~ Taylor Street. '"~ "
1 An TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
IU- and en suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices.
T f"i\ A TAYLOB^STJN.NY PARLORS: OTHER
X\fiJ rooms; $6 qp. .. . . . '
R9O TAYLOR — NEWLY FUB.V JSHKD
• )_•/ throughout; all sunny rooms; prices to suit
the times.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
ROOMS TO _ jLET— Continued,
'lurk Street.
Z\AA TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
(ill front rooms en suite or separate; moderate.
Q/I^l TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOM; 86.
BOAKDI>U AND ROOMS.
OU^HT^R^^nji^xTrjEjrY^FUßNls^'D
vJT large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple, board optional; private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call Office,
■if' TAYLOR — SUNNY BACK PA LOR
• ) J U with board for two; $20 apiece, and other
rooms.
£. no VAN NESS— SUITE OF PARLORS AND
«'' ' — single rooms: with or without board.
7-1 L) POST— NEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY
I .L_l rooms; good table board: $20 up.
Ql .7 .NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
OX 1 single or suites, with board; summer prices.
71 A GEAKY — FIRST-CLASS BOOM AND
I J.U board; references.
OTEL BERTLINU, 714 BtlBH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
prn convenlpncot. " ■ '
CMILDKKN BOARDED.
W'^^A^ IeT)"^ThTID1 eT)"^ThTlD TO^BOAIRD^ GIRIT
healthful locality; country; good school:
musical instruction if required: horse to ride:
mother's care: reference* given and required. Ad-
dress MRS. E. ALEXANDER, Kenwood, Cal.
"I IVING A FEW MILES OUT OF TOWN, MY
Xj own home, and close to a school. I would like
one or two children to. care for. Inquire at 968
Harrison st.
TNFANTOR CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD CARE;
X reasonable. 625 a Natoma su
T ADY ANTS CHILDREN TO BOARD;
XJ reasonable; good care. Call 18y a Freelon st.
WANTED— INFANT OR CHILD TO BOARD,
good care: reasonable. 1413 Sacramento gt.
"".'"' STORKS TO LET.
T?vi3rE^aßN^R^T^MriK?^G?)oTr^WA^^
X for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner
McAllister and Brodurick sts.
mo LET— I 22 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE-
X ment: central.
A LOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and ben streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20.
O RENT- 3 STORES: 614, 614y 3 AND 616
Fourth st., nr. Bluxome; also loft, 46x72. O.
F. YON BHEIN & CO., 613 California st.
ALF OF STORE; 7 KEARNY ST.; NOW
occupied by P. sent— ierr; will be vacant July
4. Apply J. A. SCHMIDT, 42b Ellis St.
4 1 r* FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
*Tl U in rear; suitable forany retail business; low
rent. Apply to Q. H. VMBsK.N & CO.. 14 Montg'y.
, OFFICKS TO LKT. ~^~
]S9nr^nr?6T¥u?T^R^clio7c7ri ; oß^
CmhvS ficeaand residence combined : reasonable.
QPRKCKKLS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
O Elegant stinnv offices, 12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBBEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
UPRIGHT PIANO; EXCELLENT TONE;
«J fine case; imperative sale this week: an offer
is wanted. Room 12, Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT;
must be sold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10.809
Market st.
A" BTKINWAY $175; STEOK *150: STEKL-
J\. ing *100; Ladd $60. BUI ENN'B, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X' stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 Market St.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENGEB CO
933 Market at.
Q. 7;: ALMOST NEW; ROSEWOOD; FOR SaLE
<£? 1 «J. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth su
BEAT OPPORTUNITY ; 5' FINE' UP-
M rights, $125 and $150 each; call early if you
want a bargain- MAI'VAIS, 769 Market st.
EFOKE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ ■_ Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT ifc CO.. 324 Post St.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than poods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a flue
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
Iky; violins, SI 35; mandolins, (3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, times, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARUY SCOTT, 929
Market st., Spreckels building.
<2_l9^ FINE CHICKERING: schmitz, 16
tipl^dO. MoAllister st., naxt to Hibernia Bank.
CHERMAN, CLAY * CO,, STEINWAY REP-
kJ rescntatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices: easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter. ■
A RUIVIiD—LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
iv. frradeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDKRS. 82 Ninth au*r v
fiHICKKitINU, KNABK. STBCK.VOSIS, BTBR-
V ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
tor rent. BENJ. CUUTASC & SON. 1« O'Farrell.
YKON MALZY, 308 POST ST.-hOHMEB>
.Newbr <& Evans. Brieps nnd other planoi
SUPERIOR VIOLIN*, ZITHEUB. 6ITT*NEW
O H. MI.LI.KH. rnakiT. r»rialrfr. « Latham i»la.^.
LKGAL KOTICKS.
I~N~THE Bu¥ETtU)R"^}olintTTT'rrY^ AND
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Department No. 8, JULIA DE ANDANY,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY UK ANDANY, defend-
ant. Action brought in the Superior Court, City
and County of San- Francisco. estate of California,
and the complaint filed In said City and County of
.San Francisco, in the office of the Clerk of said
Superior Court.
The people of the State of California send greet-
ing to ANTHONY DE ANDAAY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an action
brought against you by the above named plaintiff,
in the Superior court. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and to answer the
complaint filed (herein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after the service on you of
this summons— if served within, this County; or If
served elsewhere, within thriy days— Judgment
by default will be taken against you, accoiding to
the prayer of aaid complalnu
The said action Is brought to obtain the decree
of the above entitled court dissolving the bonds of
matrimony heretofore and now exixting between
plaintiff and defendant upon the ground that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful deser-
tion of plaintiff: and upon the further groumt that 1
defendant has been and Is guilty of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more tully «mi at
large appear in the complaint of plaintiff, on file in
the above entitled action, to which said complaint
express reference, in that behalf, is hereby made, |
and for costs of suit.
And you are hereby notified that if you fail to so |
appear and answer said complaint as above re- |
quired, said, plaintiff will apply to the court for
the relief demanded in said complaint.
Given under n>y hand and Heal of the said
Superior Court, at the < ity and County of San !
Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
June in the year Of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six.
[seal.] C. F. CUKRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH KIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
GEu. W. TOWLE JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
508 Ctuliornla St., San Francisco, Cal.
A WARD OF CONTRACTS—AT A MEETING
XV of the Board of New City Hall Commissioners,
held June 3. 1896, the following resolution was
passed 10 print:
Resolved, That Contract No, 84, work and
materials in the rotunda and tower-dome, he
awarded the -an Francisco .Novelty and Plating
Works for $83.31146., That Contract No. 86,
marble and lie work in rotunda and tower-domo
be awarded the California Travertine Co.. first
floor, $16,584; necond, tier of gallery, W. H. Mc-
Cormick, $4156 80: grand stairway. W. H. Me- !
Cormick. $5351 50. For plain glass, Contract No.
86, be awarded F. X, Woods <_ Co., $900. That
Contract No. 88, electrical elevator, northeast
wing, be awarded Cabin <_ Hall Co. for $3675, and
that the same pass to print,
Ayes— Commissioners Taylor, Creswell, Broder>
tck, J. J. MoCA V, Secretary.
VfOTICETO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF ELIZA
-l\ K. HILL, deceased- Notice is hereby given by
the undersigned, administrator of the estate of
ELIZA R. HILL, deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers within four months after the first publication of !
this notice to the said administrator at the ollice of
M.S.' TAYLOR, City Hall, Alamsda. County of
Alumeda, State of California, which said office th<i
undersigned selects as his place ot business in all
matters connected with said estate of ELIZA R.
HILL, deceased. GEOKIiB A. HiLL,
Administrator of the estate of ELIZA R. HILL,
deceased.
Dated Alameda, May 29, 1896. .
■\rOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
-Li that the Cliy Treasurer of Los Angeles, Cal.,
is prepared to pay funding bonds, NO3. 11, 12, 18,
14, 15, 16, 17, 18. 19. 20, 21, 22. 28. 24, 25, 26,
for the sum of $600 each. Issued In 81, with all
interest accrued thereon, oa presentation at the
office of the City Treasurer of Loj Angeles, Cal. ;
and If the same are not presented for redemption
within forty (40) days after the first publication
of this notice the Interest on said bonus will ce-se.
\V. A. HAKTWKLL. City Treasurer
Los Angeles, Cal., May 28. 189 i. .-.-.,;
TTNITE STATES CIRCUIT COURT. NI.STH.
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia.
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court, .
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States it is .
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United States, of America of the
Ninth Judicial circuit, In and for the Northern
District of California, be and 1 hereby is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court in the
United states Appraisers' building, In the City
arid County of san Francisco, in Bald district, on
Friday, the 1 2th day of June,' in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred . and ninety-six,
at the hour of 1 1 o'clock a. m. '
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May, A. D. 1886. -.
Seal. / I Signed] JOSEPH McKENXA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict. • ' : : ' ■ -'■ • : . / . ' .
To BARRY BALDWIN Esa., United States
Marshal, Northern District of. California,
And W. J. eosTIGAN Esq., Clerk qnued. States
Circuit Court. >ortnfrn District of California.
"".,,.:•..■- '." UIOYCLKS, ; ■•_ ■; '
P A RK P YCIjE fTy -N E W HE E^S^T 6~L"ET j
X best accommodations. - Terminus • Geary, Mo-
AllUtef ana Puw«U »(. a*r lurva. ' ; v .
PERSONALS.
'_IICE^TOM "aAYS^HIS^RIRL" *lOT HER
hair dressed at G. LEDEKEIVS, 111 Stocktou
St.. and It was "out of sight": you'd better go
there; it's only 25c, too; the store la nearest Geary
si. ■..-'- , \ ■ ROSE.
H" AIR DRESSED. 260: SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN-
K-ure, 25c BUTLER'B. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
T>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and. Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors. J. H. K. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, K. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine,
ADVICE FRKM; DIVORCK LAWS A BPB-
cially; prlvatet no charge unless Euccessfal; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 860 Market it
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cent*
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
Vt low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BBITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearoy.
•\|ALLORY <fc SWANSON, CONTRA ClOiS
XVI and builders; store, bank and office fixtures.
411 Taylor st. • ■ . ' ' . '
riONSU'MPTJON TREATED BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36y a Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30. ■■-• ■ ■ ■
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Bansome st., room 4. .
UITB TO"ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, l ll7 Market st.,bet 7tb and Bth.
rriHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth at; children's school hats Go; dyed,
pressed 25c: Data trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
T LBEIU.L. ADVANCES DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. 1 lowest rates. »48 Market st.
SPECIAL--SQL. SHIPPER &CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $8 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self.measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
TRUNKS MOVED, 26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
1 Transfer Company. 43 Sptter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us. .- ■ ■ '
1 iUU\ CARDS, 60; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
IUUU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary at., r. 39.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases; take no other.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
J\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CH lI.IVH, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
hTROZYNsKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUS3AUD.
"IJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVB-
XJ ry eight cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 So. cor. Joggle.
/CLOAKS, CAPK3 AN_< SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Hansoms St.. upstairs.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
~~~~ _>ItJ_SS3IAK_:itS. "~
D" BESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS SS^CENTS U P;
lawn yi up. 505»4 Natoma at,, above Sixth.
educational.
TTanjci aniS piano in^truct'ionls;
jJ prices reasonable: pupil of George Dobson,
NewY'ork; home 2 to 8 p. m. H. L. MILLER,
907 Howard st.
[EXPERIENCED TEACHER WISHES FEW
XJ more aault pupils of neglected el ion: pu-
pils coached: strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary su j
VfRS. MELVILLE - SNYDER, STUDIO 614
ill Suiter St.; vocal music, piano, elocution; dra-
malic elocution: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday, 8 p.m.; 91 per month.
T>OUKKEKPING BY TAKR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xi ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
A TTEN D 1 1 COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
i\. St. The very b-st individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
TTECUT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
XI latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), $25. 927 Market.
r\ UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJT lessons: 3 mo. MA RY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
A es Tues. and FrL Misses DDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo, 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
OOKKPNM, WRITNO, AKITHMTC. GRAM R
JJ day*. nl.ht: $5 month, 845 Mission
PAN JSH, FRKNCH ACADEMY.'CASTiLIAN
O and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; f3 m- Maxe bld.,r. ■',!.
C PaNISU. FRENCH, OKRMANi MODERATE.
Oai«isterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
YRES", THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 960; low rates per week and month.
pELASCCIi LYCEUM -UHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatrical.-* arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mitt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MK-
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architectural
assay; estab. -64. VAN DXX NAILLEN, 7ai»Mk_
HF.A LDS BUSINESS COLLEGK; 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer; telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, write for catalogue.
M lliJ-l't'&OiiOUL-.llKAljt;"^ BU». CuLLEUE;,!4
1* Foot rromrn 0 "'?'"' nrthnn(l. Kn?'Hh" In<v nr«i
VO ANTS.
A ■ A I
60 cts and $I—so cts and $I— so cts and 9 1.
. "KNOWLEDGE li 3 POWWK."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences iv half tin
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are bat few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. 11. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. M.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE <_ VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market st.
"assistance and advice ~ ~~"
XV that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOK M. L. CARNELLE.
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-,
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business., lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits. etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PHOF. M. L. CA RN KLLK, _30 Eddy St.
Letters wjih stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
dally and Sundays.
M~ MB. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
»nt, c»rd- reader, born with a dou Die veil and
Second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
CLAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
v; 41 Minna St.. basement. •
GYPSY -LIFE-READER; LA KM _5o:
gents 5Oo; all questions answered, 5 Seventh.
ME. LEGE3TE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tebama, upstalw.nr. Fourth.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUOH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife; materialises
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 60c and $1 ; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms Band 4, 917 Market st,
me: true, celebrated gypsy, gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader 011
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours
9 to 8; elevator. ' ' ,
P~~R"b>. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs; busi-
ness confidential; letters 9 to 8; Sunday.
-\,l MET r aVe n a~k ea ps LIFE FLUENTLY;
iVltlps o>i races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT ANDp-ALM-
X\i Ist: mental magnetic healing. IS62a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE tklls from ckadle TO
the grave: fee 'ib cents. »14 O'Farrell at.
MME. ARNDT, BEST t'OJITDXK TELLER IN
the world; 60a and $1. shows you the pictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twaifth. cor. Market
E'I'URNEI), WORLD-RKNOW.NED MMX.
'Ii M IDT. from the principal cities; tells past,
pifti-ii' and future: )iric«»ii moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIKITPA^IpjJJI. ' ' ~
f> EMO V AL— A DDIE SWAIN, A STRAL SEER
and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except as a gift.
\H RS. WILS?ON--P_ST, PBESKNV, FUTURE;
lVj ladles 6Pc, gents $1; no si^n.. 1722 Market st.
M~ RS. KATE HQfcKlNiSi TRANCE ANfl BITSIr
111 ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
RB. D,R. B, REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis .of mental . and physical difficulties given
without asking questions. 8 Mason si., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8- . , , . ;
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, qow 929 Post; fee $1 ; letter $2.
MBS. J. J. WHITNEV, I'l.AiH v -'.'YAXT"
:r nee mpdlrm : sittings yl. 218 Stockton su i
~'',;^ ;:;;>'■ ASTBOLOGY^ '
D^^m^dTnsw'e lTqukstTon*S^y
planets; daily or by mail, «-. Ati Vk Geary at.
CITY REAL ESTATE. • . . ■ ,
a? q c~ EACH— 9 -.OTS in THE $75 home;
(JOt) stand ; these lots are level and a great snap'
at this figure.
$350— Cueao lot on Foigom St., near Cortland;
will build cottage and sell on easy terms.
$30U— Lots on Twenty-seventh aye.. near Point
Lobos: easy terms; small cash payment.
' Menlo Park— We have several choice lots which
we can trade lor city property and pay difference
in cash. • AIcKWEN BROS.. ...
118 Montgomery st.
Q-Qnn NEW- COTTAGE AND LOT; 5 RMS.;
«Jp OUU. hard finished. Inqul«e 210 Amlover
aye., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
mm/in 'COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
VV^X\i\J. on lot 60x1_2, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; «-'5 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
XCHANGE— SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE;
X- 8 rooms, etc. ; accepted street; value $4000,
will exchange for city residence. J. P_ ROCHE,
Ban Rafael. . . ■-■■■-■■«
<BjC»nnn NEW BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE;
<4P-.UUU.iOt 25x100; part cash; bargain. P.,
box 39, Call Office.
<_»£7r WORTH DOURLB; LOT ON LOM-
«nSD I O. bard st.: easy terms. 1128 Vallejo st.
OUSE AND LOT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, CON-
servatory. large cellar and garden for sale
cheap. $4 39 Larkin st. .
«_Q7fin FINE PLACE for a TEAMSTER,
tIDOIUU. near Bryant and Sixth sts.; 2-story
house of 7 rooms ; stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons :
street accepted ; size 37 :AxBo. ■ JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st.
T OTa $160 —FRUI T VA LX TEHMINAL
JU tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
WHY PAY REN ~~^ ~
11 When you can buy cheap on easy terms"one of
the finest nouses of 8 and JO rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st., near Waller; all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized;
large lots, 25xl'J5. Owner on premises. m
UST BE SOLD IN THE NEXT 10 days.
1»1 $10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
BW. cor. Folsom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2750—2 lots 25x110 each; N. side of Page si.,
37 feet from Shrader: bet. Shrader and Stanyan
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
IJARUAIN; SACRIFICE; NO REASONABLE
XJ offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc. : would exchange.
SHADBURNE, 415 Montgomery st.
FEW "SPECIAL DRIVE-i"' IN HOME AND
investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 646 Market St..
OR SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
st., from Prtcita aye. to Serpentine aye., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on south line of Washington st.; 25 feet 10
Inches east of Dopont; 26x40 reet; with 2-story,
brick building thereon; renting for (83 per month;
good tenant.
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1893, by
WALTER HOGE at 18 Poat St., Sa_ Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GHADY.
Mission street accepted and sidewalk In front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room ; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
ACOB HEY MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
0 removed to 11 Montgomery st.
IfOR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
-F lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Par..
KW STYLE RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS.:
frntshd. ; purl cash; bal. same rent. £ b. 62,Ca11.
pkopjejit- to EXCHANGE.
T^~Al^rS~N-EXR^~LO^^N?TETEir^Esf
li) valley land, to exchange for Oakland. Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. Apply to H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
&(\fl BARGAINS— WHAT do you want?
l)\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sices, from $100 to 30.000
100 business places, all kinds, from 350 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKKR, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
fflj KHAfj elegant new 9-UOOM HOUSE
<Ipc>UU'.'. with bath and all modern improve-
ments on tine corner lot in choice part of Oakland;
easy terms > r exchange equity on farm or stock of
goods. Address it., box 114, Call ollice.
FOR EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN
X lund or vicinity; 3-0 acres, level land, In artes-
ian belt. Tulare" County: near located line of
Valley road to Bakersfleld. Address A. TUSIN,.
Call Office, Oakland.. '
TO EXCHANGE— AN ELEGANT SUMMER
-I villa in Santa Cruz Mountains for clear city
property. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
I7OR HALE OR EXCHANGE-ELEGANT SAN
T Francisco residence; also Berkeley lots. CUR-
TIS <_ BUWLEY CO., 310 Safe Deposit building.
1 9QH ACHES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J ,O'» voter: fine for catilo-ralslns. N..h5.16.Ca:l
PROPERTY WANTED.
ViTAisTTsD^HirßO^^
- ii lot in vicinity of Ocean View or Colma: must
be a bargain. I. P., box 103, Cnll Office.
ANTED TO LEASE— SMALL RANCH SUIT-
'» able for poultry In Vicinity of the city; state
price, etc F. E. W., box 84, this office.
T ANTED— SCHOOL pit GOVERNMENT
" land ; Lake or north cos. Ad. J. N., box 35. Call.
MOMSV TO LOAN.
VsTdi 2D M6ivrcrA^Es7"INTERKSTS IN ES-
J.tates;lowest rates:no deUy.MLRPUY.62B Mrku
DVANOESON DIAMON JJ^.JEWELMV, i^'flj
Columbia Loan & Collateral Ollice. 9 Unvnt ava.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST. OR 2ND
J-Jmortgases, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3-8 Montgomery.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES^
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELItY
STORE, 048 Market at.; open evenings.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. UDor 3D MOKT_AGE_;
__. estates, undivided Interests, real estate In tiro-
bate. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
T OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
XJ jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments: interest law; private entrance: private
rooms; diswreet attendants, at UNCLE KAKIU.s,
15 Grant avo.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEB-
eat per month for each $1000; same rate .sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. coin, box 2, Call.
\,l ONEY loaned OS JKWjiLRY aso
ii other valuables at the Security Loan OtHca,
110bMarketat..or. Mason 1 private entrance 7 Turlc.
I \IHECT ON YOUjrFURNITUKK OR PIANO;
XJ no removal ; no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donouue bldg, 1170 Market st.
TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN OS
life insuranoe policies, . 33u Pine st.
OANS QN FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
J diamonds: confidential. Room iO7, 6 F:dilv st
IA \\ •> i.KOKIIIS.
T^l2B KE^^3fY"^TT~ROOi» i^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pit*
v ate rooms; elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap.
MEDICAL. .
RS. GOODWIN, DlSEA^E^o^w6_fEN^
specialty; tin excel ed in restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1870
Market su to 904 McAllister at.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES kk-
J\ stored in a few hours; gate and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: • regular graduate
physician; 30 years' sucoessful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tlma
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. Pit. WY-ITH, 916 post st., near Larkin.
DR. JObSELYN, THE ORMAT SPECIALIST,
XJ has removed to 1*406 Market st., near Sixth.
T>SYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CUKES
X paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous' disorder, heart and mug
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11. . - . ■•
Tf ADIES, CONSULT FREE M«S. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell St.; bnlyqualifled specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
T)KCARD'b PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Hue Baths." Rooms ii aud 4,
MacDouough building, Oakland.
MRS. WKGKNKR TAKES LADIES BK-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes;' treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 410 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY Fi : MA LE D I •+■
ease see MBS. DR. PUETZ. 254^ Fourth st.
\r ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT";
JLM all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. twice. 235 Kearny et., room Q.~
NEW PROCEbS--NO MEDICINE, INSTRUr
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all male : troubles, no matter
iron what cause; restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
F~ RIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT! Mrs"
DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth »t., Alameda.
BLESSING .TO LADIES SUFFER!
from irregularities and diseases ■ peculiar to
their sex: . latest Improved method of treatment;
ncTer tails. : perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately:, prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <_ MRS,
DAVIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills,' s2.
Sl HE CURE FQU ALL FKMALH DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB. DR. GWYJKR, 226 Turk sL
K. HALL, 14 McALLl^i XX STMEKT, -NKAfI
; Jones, Diseases of women and children.
"a LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
JrV ladies troubled with Irreguiaritiea; no danger;
safe and sura; «_ 50 express C. 0. D. don't delay
until too late. ObliOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
PHYSICIANS.
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
TiON'T FAIL TO CONSULT JORDAN AT
JL/ his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worat cases treated satisfactorily by maiL
■■ --. ■' S-VVliiia MAtiHIXEi».
A* KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED^
iV leuieu, repaired; lowest tain*. '<H)o Fourth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. . .
I" pOR^SALE— RANCH OF 582 ACRES NEAR
1 Half moon nay; 200 acres in (train; balance
suitable for agricultural or stock: plenty of living
water; large house; barns; grain bins; hogsheads;
4-hqrsepower mill: price $31) per acre; worth $46.
FRENTIS3, room 30, Flood building.
(EjX/VA AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN THE
•JP_»UU. Russian River; house and barn; all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
CUARLKS COLTON", 906 Market st.
<i_^nnn for sale or exchange; 10
«JpUUUV/. acres planted alt varieties fruit; *-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
Ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards.
©^Aflfl FOOTHILL HOME; 5 ACRES IN
«4pUUUV. San Mat co County: 25 miles from
ban Francisco; hair mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, bach, etc.; fine stable for 4
horses. C. S. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building, Kan Francisco.
1 f*[\ acres GOVERNMENT land: fine
lUv home; cheap. 20 O'Farrcll st., room 4.
RUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT: WILL
net 30 per cent; 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dry-
ing; cannery near that will m-ke five rear's, con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the State. JOHNT. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY, 67 CHRONI-
XV cle bide., are selling choice fruit lands, IVi hrs
from San Francisco, at ?35 per acre; title perfect.
MA COUNTY— BOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo a any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to 975 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
I>OR HOMES IN LOSGATOB OR ORCHARDS
1 in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. H. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble <£ Co.
END FUll OUK LIST OF ORCHARD HUJUCB
lor sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. Ban Josa.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN,: i 317
Xj proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and Vi acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNU. Souom*
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S- F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
o r N ;, T y NT
For Bale at. a sacri flee, new cottage of 6 rooms
On Fruitvale aye.: lot 75x175; on sunny sideof
street; splendid fruit trees on tills lot; price $3000:
only $50 down and 920 per month; in the same
bock cottage of 6 rooms; lot 30x173; price $1800;
will sell on the same terms: don't buy without look-
in? at these beautiful homes, surrounded by beau:
tiful flower gardens; electric cars pass the door:
this property must be sold as the owner la going
East; make offer; also on Mozart street, Alameda,
cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x150; price $3800, on
easy payments; also property tor exchange. Ap-
ply to P. KELLY, 469 Ninth sU Oakland,
OZY HOME; 3250. OASHSI2SQ; 5 ROOMS
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse;
cement walks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will net purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. Address E. CRAG, Call Office, Oakland.
UST BE SOLD— HOUSE OF 3 ROOMS; 2
chicken-houses; city; water; lot 50x108; all
fenced; price only $400. Fruitvale Land Com-
pany, Fruitvale station.
(SjOrAn FRUJTVALK HOME; SPECIAL
«jpO_»vV. bargain; house of 7 rooms and bath:
tine well and tank: conservatory, chicken-bouses
and outbu Minus; an abundance of fruit and flow-
er-.: lot 140x200. For terms see Fruitvale Land
Company, ruitvale station. . " ■
ff>9/)n7Y'HOU_E 8 ROOMS; LOT 30x115:
%P_V'UV/. near station; must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh St., Center station, Oakland.
Cr!nnn TO loan on good security
(•JpUUUvJ at 12 percent: money on band r no
commission. J. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Oj>97'/1 REAP! REAP BEAD! $30 PER
Hr^-ittjyJ. month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house; bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OR RENT— SEVERAL HOUSES: #4 TO $10.
1 Inquire MRS. M. P. McCQDKTNEY, cor. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSE* TO LET.
F" OR REN 'T^f i?" WTONL Y^ 7 ROO It" FL AT ;
no dark or Inside rooms: closets; stoves all set;
water; dumb-waiter: 956 Union St., Oakland.
A.H. HKKKI) & C".. 460 Ninth st'.. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS AND HOARDING.
Ip O U R T E E N tTT~~A^JiT^A^T^O^t7>^~LET~.
J with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro at.
OAKLAND * FUKNITUIiK FOR SALE..
r \fE^V~Fl?RN?rul?E"aFTfß^O^^
li en for »ale. 011 account of sickliest; suitable for
rooming-house; price $225. Address M. M., box
3. Call office. uaklnnd.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
o>TTn<T^7yr~lioirilHK^m
X 1 \r\r. done; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; r.-room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location in Alamed». cor.
Central aye. and Benton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st.
<sM'Hnn beautiful new modkiin
fiUUI/y. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Dlock west of Park st. ; it will surely please
you; investigate; terms to suit, O. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AHGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $3&U ca.h;
balance $1335 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance 10 secure a home oh
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St.. AlnmPda.
ALAMEDA BOOHS TO LET.
B^~oT: ~fT~NIOE R^SoTas7^TuIINI«rED~FOR
hcnsskeHplng; very convenient. 3319Bricps.
It Kit 111-: LEY MEAL USsTATIiT
pp.MPLETE LITTLE HQltfl? laIFVa'c.RIFICE
\J 011 r.coount of departure, or exchange for un-
Improved lot in this city valued at $1000. L., box
7, Ci;!i o-fi^e.
Q*s?ltL~37 MAWS, REaL ESTATE, AND
<J insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank,
G" OOP HOMES FOX BENT OR FOR KALE
on easy terms. O. U. MAY it CO., real estate
and Aulldlng. 21.3 Center' st.. Berkeley.
jjkf.i^klky UOl>i;.S.
pOR Ri^T^clrlOlOEST"" LOOATiON^ IN
'Berkeley, lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc,; a}) l,t-!iu:h'uliv
furi'iiht-d; to tirst-claas. tenan; long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
IpQR RENT-rFURNIsHL'p HOUSE: 5 KOOM-4
F and bath : piano; $30. 2014 Virginia st., near
HhaitucU aye.. Borrvninn station.
SUKKIIi' SALKS.
HisßTFF'_'n3A]L_r^r^^ TS^
O Plaintiff, VS. B. G. CHANDOS. JENNIE
GOOimit'H. SARAH E. HARDKRTY, LUCY
ROUNTREE, ALFRED McMAHOX. E. W.
SCOTT, A. EVERETT BALL, PACIFIC LAND
ASSOCIATION, and JOHN LLOYD, Assignee of
LINFOBTH, KELLOGG <fc CO., Defendants.
No. iiß, 131— superior Court, Department Eight.
Order of Sale and Decree of Foreclosure of Lien.
Under and by virtue of an Order of Sale and De-
cree of Foreclosure of Lien Issued out of the Supe-
rior Court, Department No. Eight, of the City and
County of san Francisco, &tate of California, on
the l&thday of May, A. I). 1896. in the above en-
titled action, wherein WILLIAM HOLMS, the
above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment and
Decree of Foreclosure of .Men against B. (i. Chan-
dos, Jennie Goodrich, rah E. Hardesty, Lucy
P.ountree, Alfred McMahon. E. W. Scott,, A.
Everett Ball, Pacific Land Association, and. John
Lloyd, assignee of Llnrorth. Kellogg & C 0.," defend-
ants, on the 14th day of Marc-, A. D. itiPl. which
said Judgment and Decree was on the. 16th dry of
March, A. D. 1894, recorded In Judgment Book 17
of said Court, at i.a«e 544, I am commanded to sell
all those certain lots, pieces or parcels of land, sit-
ua c. Linn. and being In the City and County of
Ssn Francisco, State of California, and bounded
and described as follows) I
First— Commencing on the southeast corner of
Pqtrero avenue and El Dorado street, thence south
along the east line of Potrero «vea«je fifty f.-et,
thence east at right angles one hundred feet,
thence north at right angles fifty feet to the south
line of El Dorado street, tbenee west along. the
south line of i.l Dorado street one, hundred feet to
point of beginning.
Second— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue fifty feet south of the corner of Po-
trero avenue and El Dorado street, thence south
Bl(>n,' said east line of Potrero avenue forty, feet,
thence east at right angles one hundred feet,
thence north at right angles forty feet, thence west
at right angles, one hundred feet to the point of be-
ginning, ' : ' . .,-. '
Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue ninety feet south of Xl Dorado street,
thence south along the easterly line of Potrero
avenue fifty-one and six-twelfths feet, thence east
at right angles outs hundred feel, thence north at
risbt angles fifty -one and six-twelfths feet, thence
west at right angles one hundred feet to the point
of beginning.
Public Notice is hereby given that on TUES-
DAY, the _3d day of June, A. D. 1396. at .13
o'clock noon of that day, In front of the New City
Hall. Larkin street wing; in the City and County of
San Francisco, I will, in obedience to said Order of
Sale and D -free of Foreclosure of lien, sell the
above described property, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to raise sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with Interest and cos's, etc.,
to the highest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
. - RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, June. Ist, 1896. ' '
D." H. WHtTIEM"Rr'.. - N0.318 Pine street,
San Francisco, Attorney for Plaintiff.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A"^^V^^^RT£E^DlVo^rcl? LAW/fs PEC U
-£\- ally; private; no charge unless snecessful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U. 8. AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTOKNEY-AT-LaW. 719
. Market st. ; vice free.
J. MURRAY, ATT* V AND COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTOHNB Y-A IVLAW,4_O
. California st.. roams 14 and 15: Hdvioe free.
_______ -____ -_^___________ ,
TH. R6^N^YT^2^MTBSION^T7mAGirAT
.reduced rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; 15
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAY'LOi:. 2O4 Post.
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. pierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Kastern plan.
BIRTHS —MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication offices and be indorsai
with the name and residence of persons authorUe-
to have the «amu Wished.
BORN.
FLYNN— In this city. May 21, 1898, to the wife o»
Antone A. Flynn, a son.
MORRISON— In this city. June 1, 1896, to the
wife of Joseph R. Morrison, a son.
MARRIED.
GOTTSCHANG— In this City. June
'2, 1886, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Uott-
schang of San Leandro, Cal., and; Adele M.
Hunacka of San Francisco, Cal.
LINDEMANN— MENGEL—In this city, June 1,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Gustave L.
Lindemann and Emma Mengel.
OERTLI— HUMMEL— In this city, June 7, 1890,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Kaspar Oertli and
Elisa Hummel.
Yon BOCKELBERG-IRELAND— this city,
May 28, 1896, by the Rev. Father James Flood,
H. F. A. S. yon Bockelberg and Mary Kate Ire-
land.
■1»J..£8.
Alcorn, James Llnthal, Henry ■
Carter, Frederick R. Livermore, Mrs. P. H."l
Chapman, Bessie P. Lundquist, Henry Lei;,
Curren, Mary • Lynch, "Frank
Deary, James Malpne, Cornelia
Deneby, James J. Moran, Milton J.
Galviu. James Norrls, H. F.
Gligo, Mandlch Peterson. Alda L.
Hard man, Elizabeth Rejnertspn, D. M.
Heath. Daniel L. Rosenthal, Jennie
Hettinger, Charles Hehwartz, Phillip
Johnson, Andrew Taylor, Susie B. .
Varozza, Maggie M,
ALCQBN— In Menlo Park, June 7, 1806, James
Alcorn, a native of County Derry, Ireland, aged
60 years.
CARTER— In East Oakland, June 7. 1896, Fred-
erick It, son of C. H. ami Sarah 3, Carter, ami
brother of George 8., Ida E., W. T. and A die I).
Carter, a native of California, aged -0 years and
li months.
CHAPMAN— In West Berkeley, June 5, 1896,
Bessie P. Chapman, a native or St. Jehu, N. £
aged. 67 years.
CURREN— In this city, June 6,1800, Mary, be-
loved wife of William Curren and daughter of
William and the late. Catherine Feeley and «lster
of Annie, William. Cnrmick, Thomas, James and
Johnnie Feoly, a native of San FrancUoo, aged
25 years and 10 months,
Friends and acquaintances ar» .re^Dect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the rest
dence of her parents, 1176 Harrison street, bet.
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph*
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for ihe repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Croji
Cemetery.
DEARY— In this city, June 6, 1896. James, be-
loved sob of James and Ann Dearf. and brother
of John Deary and Mrs John Mabon, a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years,
AS" Friends ana acquaintances are resoec;-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS PAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. *.. from his late
residence, 218 Tehama street, between Third
an.<i Fourth, Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
PENEHY— In this city, June 7. 18.98, James Jos-
eph, dearly beloved son of Cornelius and Mary
Danehy, an I brother of Daniel, Mamie and Neil
Denehy, a native of Smwrtsville, Vuba County,
Cal., aged 19 years 8 months and 29 days.
Marygvilie paper.-* please copy.
XiTFrteniis ana acquaiutances are resD<sC'. -
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, Vi Morris avenue. 01T Har-
rison street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
St. ' Rose's Church, where -requiem high
mass will b > celebrated lor the repose of bis
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALVIN-In Ukiah, Cal,, June 1896, James,
lj> loved husband 01 Winifred Gaivin. father of
Mamie Giilvin and Mrs. John Hchlicht, a na-
tive of County Roscqmaion, Ireland, aged 62
years.
«_f-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nis late resi-
dence, 416 Grove street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GLIGO— In this city. .Tuns 7. 1896, Mandich Gllgo,
beloved nephew of Nicholas Kulachlch, a native
of Kameno, Austria, a°ed Is years 10 months
and 13 days.
HARDMAN-ln Alameda. .lime 7, 1H36, Eliza-
beth liardman, wife of tin- vate James H. Hard-
man, A n«t'Ve of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 80
y fairs 2 months and 26 days. '
ASTFriends and acquaintances are respeo
fu ly Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Tuesday), at - o-clock p. m.. from her lace resi-
dence, corner Pacific avenue and Chestnut street.
Interment private."
HEATH— In Oakland. June 7. 1896, Daniel L.
Heath, a native of New York, aged 64 years 11
months and •£ days.
HKTTINGER— In this city, June 5, 1M96. Charles,
beloved husband of Annie Margaret lit'ttliigur,
and father of Mrs. Jean HuliH-ri. Fred. Henry,
Dora and Charley Hettlnger, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 57 years 8 months and 'J5 days.
fi£g"Frienuj and acquaintances are resnectr
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at - o'clock p. If., from his late resi-
denoti, 618 Fifteenth avenue, between R and 0
streets. South San Francisco. Interment I. O.
■ 0. F. Cemetery. .
JOHNSON— m this city, June 7. ISO 6, Andrew
Johnson, a native of Sweden, nsed 63 years.
'HAL— In this city, June S. lfc'96.. Henry Lin-
. thai." a native of Baltimore. MJ., aged 62 years.
Cig" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills PAY
(Monday)." at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Godeau & LlDman. 326 and 868 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interim.'^ Masonic Cemetery.
LIVERMORE-In this city. June 6. 1896. Mm.
Susan H. Livermore, mother of J. 11., C. A. and
Grace G. Livermore, a native of Musi acini setts,
aged 67 years. .
• IKl*Frlends and acquaintance*" «re rsspecs-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from St, John's
Church, Fifteenth street, near Valencia street.
. Interment private. Masonic Cemetery,
LINDQUIST-r;i this city, June 6,1898. Henry
Le Roy Lundquist, a native of San Francisco,
aired 23 days.
LYNCH — In this city, .Tune 6, i 896, entered into
rest,* FranK, beloved son of Nate and the lute
I John Lynch, and brother of Katie an* the late
Jshn and Aloysju* Lynch and, Mrs. M, Wels*i t
a native of Pan Frajnclsco. A member of the
Third Order- of St. ±'jaucU.
. iSrTfje funeral wnl take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his niqther, 813 Vi» l-outurii strpe|, tbenee 10
St. Francis Church, Vatlejo street, where a re-
quiem high mass will M celebrate! for the re-
pose of h's soul, commencing at 9:90 o'clock
a. m. Please omit flowers. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MALONE— In this city, June 7. 1P!"5. Cornelia
. Mftlone, a native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 70
year*. . ■
MOHAN— In this city, June 7, 1886. Milton J.,
. beloved son of James, and the late Mary Moran,
a pative of ban Francisco, ajed 6 years and 7
months.
■, j(£3" Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-aiOR,IIOW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from the resi-
dence of hi? parents, 3156 Eleventh avenue. ofT
Point liObqs road, Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. <. .. .
NORRIS— June 7, 1896, H. F. Norris.
Kj^The relatives and friends of the family are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
TO-itOUROVV (Tuesday), at li o'clock a.m.,
from First" Baptist Church, Berkeley, Dwigiit
way station.
PETERSON— in, this city, June 7, 1896. Alda
Lonrina Peterson, belov' d daughter of Edgart
and Amanda Peterson, ■•■ native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 years 7 months and 27 days.
jJ^Frieiids a.n<f acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'olook p. m., from tne resldencs
of her parents, 2001% Duuout street. Interment
1. O. O. K. Cemetery.
UEINERTSON— In this city, June 3. 1396, P. _L
Keiner.son, a native of Norway, aged 40 years.
ROSENTHAL— In this city. June 5. 1896, lennl*
. Ro«en;hnl. a native of san irancisco. aged 32
year* 3 months and 15 days.
bCri\VAI'.TZ-ln thlBClty, June 7. 1896, Phillip,
beloved brother of Henry Schwartz, Mrs. M.
Jacobs and Mrs. H. Falk, a native of Rogasen,
Prussia, aged 68 years.
, ■■: jsarFriunu.s and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORHOW
(Tuesday), p.t 10:15 o'clock a. m. from B'nal
B'rith Hal!, l-'l Eddy streeu Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train
"from Tulrd and Tewnseni! streets. -
TAYLOR— In Alameda, June 6. 1893. Susie Bell,
beloved wife of Kd K. Taylor, a native of Call-
fornia, aged 33 years 4 n-.unti.p and 21 days. .
. £3* Friends and - acquaintance* - ara - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), June 8. from her late residence, 1375
Kecent street. Interment private, Mountain
. View Cemetery. -, . ■
VAKOZZA— In this city. June 6. 1896, Maggie
May, dearly : beloved daughter of Vincent and
Annie Varozza, a native of El Dorado County,
Ca!., a.ed 16 ye-ir-i. ~, '■ '. 'i,
IVicAVOY A, CALLACHI-R, I
FTINRRAL'j)i_iECTORS A EMBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. )
:-:: Telephone 3080. ■ .
1314
MURDER, SUICIDE, MYSTERY DARKENED THE SABBATH DAY.
KILLED AN EDITOR
AND HERSELF
John Hay of the Journal of
Commerce Shot by
a Woman.
SHE WAS MRS.M'DOUGALL
Sent a Bullet Through Her Lov
er's Heart and Perforated
Her Own.
SHE DKEADED DESERTION.
Fearful Double Tragedy in a Me-
Allister-Street Lodging-House at
a Late Hour.
John Hay, assistant editor of the Jour
nal of Commerce, was shot and fatally
wonnded by Mrs. K. H. McDougall in a
lodging-house at 330 McAllister street last
evening at 11:15 o'clock. The murderess
then sent a bullet through her heart and
fell dead beside her rapidly dying victim.
It is presumed that a love affair W3S the
cause of the shooting. Hay, before be
coming* unconscious, iubstantiated this
presumption by stating that he was about
to leave the woman and that she became
angered and shot him as he lay in bed.
She had then turned her weapon upon
herself.
The two shots fired in rapid succession
attracted the attention of Frank More
house, who lodges in the lodging-house in
which the tragedy occurred. He rushed
downstairs and notified Officer Hoster,
and they returned to the room together.
When they entered the full significance
of the shocking tragedy dawned upon
them. Mr?. Mcbougall was lying on the
floor, her eyes wide open and staring
straight up at the ceiling. The blood was
gushing from a wound in h*er left breast,
where the bullet had entered.
The wonnded man lay groaning on the
bed, his nightdress and the bedclothes
smoldering, having caught fire from the
flash of the revolver.
Word was sent to the Central uolice sta
tion, and Hay was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Coroner Hawkins was then no
tified and the body of the suicide was re
moved to the Morgue.
When Hay was placed on tb.B operating
table at the hospital it was seen that the
bullet had passed clear through his body.
It entered about an inch to the right of
the left nipple and ranged slightly down
ward, making its exit betweea the fifth
and sixth ribs.
Although suffering excruciating pain,
Hay between his dyine gasps told the
story of his meeting and tragic parting
with the woman who had shot him and
then taken her own life.
"I met the woman about three weeks
ago," he said, "and she appeared to take
an immediate fancy to me.
"Three days ago I procured a room in
Mrs. Guinn's lodging-house on McAllister
street, and took Mrs. McDougall there.
"To-day I decided to leave her, and after
retiring for the night informed her as to
my intention. She was slowly disrobing
at the time, and finally said;
" 'So you are going to quit me, are you?'
I answered her in the affirmative, and she
shouted out: 'If you are going to quit me,
then I will fix you.'
"At. this remark I turned over in bed
and she drew the revolver, placed it
against my breast and fired. 1 heard a
second report and the dull sound as her
body struck the floor. That is all I re
membered until I partly revived in the
hospital."
Mrs. McDougall is the wife of R. H. Mc-
Dougall, a Chicago commercial traveler,
who is now in Texas on business. She
came to this City about four months ago
from Portland, Or., in which city she
gained a livelihood as a stenographer and
typewriter.
On reaching this City she took apart
ments in the Leavenworth House, follow
ing her calling as a stenographer for a few
weeks.
She finally left this City and went to San
tjuentin to visit some friends, returning,
however, after a week's absence.
She spent another week in this City and
then went to Fresno as a guest of a promi
nent farmer in that vicinity.
After a three weeks' vißit she returned
and took apartments in the Russ House,
: : row to-dat: _^_
FREDJJROfINJ
z> Jamaica
(JINGER
A remedy of sterling
worth — invaluable
for all complaints of
the stomach* Sooth-
ing and curing with-
out false stimulation
1 or distressing reaction*
Ask for Fred Brown's*
Sold everywhere*
■ . rUED BKOWIf CO., PHILADELPHIA.
and on meeting Hay went to live with
him, which resulted in the tragedy.
John Hay, the fatally wounded man, as
before stated, was the assistant editor of
the Journal of Commerce.
Before taking that position he was com
mercial editor of the Evening Post, and
prior to that time had been a reporter on
one of the morning dailies. He was al
ways a steady, industrions newspaper
man. He resided at 1507 Jackson street.
The night clerk at the Russ House stated
last night that Mrs. MacDougall called
him up on the telephone about 10:15
o'clock and inquired if any mail was there
for her.
There was a calling card left there be
fore he came on duty at 9 o'clock. On it
was written, "Did you write?" This was
signed A. Allport.
"Mrs. MacDougall spoke pleasantly
when she asked for the mail," said the
clerk, "and asked me if the name on the
card was spelled 'Allport.'
She did not stop here regularly, but w«
believed she stayed some of the time with
friends. She seldom slept here, in fact.
1 never saw anybody with her here. She
received no visitors in her room."
Mrs. MacDougall bad been at the Russ
House since May 11. She registered from
Portland, Or., as Mrs. R. H. McDougall.
She occupied room 87 in the hotel.
The room was thoroughly searched last
night, but nothing that would throw any
light on hei action could be found.
On the bureau were the picture of a
middle-aged man and a little baby girl
about three or four years of age. On the
back of the latter photograph was written,
"Cassey sweetheart."
No letters were found in the room, al
though in a box on the bureau was a scrap
of paper on which was written! a lugu
brious poem, the subject of which evi
dently bore on death.
The woman years ago was well
known to the theatrical profession, being
at that time a member of the McKee
Rankin Company. She also pretended to
be a detective in the United States Secret
Service Department.
STABBED THREE TIMES
James Crowley Uses a Penknife
Upon John Kane in a
Fight.
Ending of a Tug«of-War Between Two
Boy Teams at Buchanan and
Union Streets.
There wa9 a tug-of-war between two
teams of boys in a small ball Saturday
night on Buchanan and Union streets.
James Crowley of 1817 Greenwich street
was captain of one team, and John Kane
of Chestnut and Franklin streets captain
of the other. Crowley is 17 years of age
and Kane 21.
The tug ended with a dispute, and Kane
and Crowley came to blows. The owner
of the hall interfered and compelled the
crowd to vacate.
As soon as they got outside prepara
tions were made to resume the nght.
Crowley had got the worst of it in the
hall, as Kane was the older and stronger of
the two, and as they faced each other on
the street Crowley jumped at Kane and
stabbed him three times with a penknife.
Kane yelled "lam stabbed!" and Crow
ley disappeared.
Kane was taken home and a physician
was summoned. Two of the wounds were
tound to be slight, but the third, which
was in the chest, was considered serious.
It will be a day or two, however, before it
can be definitely ascertained how senoU3
it will be.
The police were notified yesterday morn
ing, and Crowley was arrested at his fath
er's residence arid charged with assault to
commit murder.
Crowley's nose bore evidence of the
tight. It was swollen to twice its natural
size,- and a cut extended across ft.
"When we eot outside," said Crowley,
"the other fellows jumped upon me and
got me down and kicked me. I had my
knife in my hand paring my nails, and I
suppose Kane got cut with it, but I had no
intention of injuring liiin."
THE CHILDREN'S MITES.
How the Utrie Ones of West Side
Christian Church Observed the
Foreign Mission Day.
Children's Mission Day was observed at
the West Side Christian Church on Bush
street, near Scott last evening. The ser
vices, which were conducted by Miss Net
tie Gardner, the superintendent of the
Sabbath-school, were a departure from the
usual proceedings of the occasion, and
were very interesting. A number of per
sons of different nationalities took part in
the exercises dressed in native costume.
K. I. Uda, a Japanese from the Episco
pal Mission in this City, delivered an ad
dress in his native tongue, also in English.
He was garbed in the picturesque apparel
of the Mikado's land.
Miss Ethel Washington, a colored
student of the High School, spoke of mis
sionary labors in Africa, while a Chinese
from the Presbyterian Mission carried his
audience away to far Cathay. India was
represented by a young lady in the white
robes of the East.
EKLECTRICAL WORKERS` OUTING.
Their Games, Races and Contests at
Schnelzen Park Yesterday.
The third annual picnic of the National
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers of
America was held at Schuetzen Park, near
San Rafael. The attendance was remarK
ably large and the day passed off with but
! one thing to mar the occasion. Al Shirbey,
j while contesting for a prize in the bicycle
, race, fell and broke his collar-bone.
It is rarely that an organization has so
many prizes to offer to make the occasion
: enjoyable to all, but Che electrical workers
i did not do things half way. They dis
tributed 176 gate prizes, besides fifty or
more to the contestants in the fourteen
games or contests of skill, strength and
, agility.
; One of the most interesting events, par
; ticularly to the craft, was a pole-climbing
j contest. The champion gold medal was
; won by J. A. Barnhart of the Edison Elec
tric Light and Power Company. James
Cameron won the first prize in 16 seconds.
, The others were George Frost 16 4-5, John
I Cameron 16 3-5, Charles Sharkey 21 and
, Frank Avist 24. The following committee
; men had charge of the outing:
Arrangements— A. A. Whitfield, chairman
j K. Rush. J. T. McLellan, D. Eckstrum, H
I Pierce, F. Severance Chewte, D. Cameron
Reception— W. Forrest, W. Kennedy, J. Daw
son, P. Peterson, F. Christ, C. Wallace. L. Wise
man, D. Desmond, D. Sloane.
Floor director, F. Severance Chewte ; assistant
floor director, W. N. Manning.
Floor committee— A. Sanger. H. Kenny F
Seavier, W. J. Bevans, A. C. Johnson, J. Came
ron, P. W. Holmes.
Games committee— C. Masten, W. Bentley, R.
i Gale.
I Judges— J. Kline (chairman). N. Pendergast
i (foreman Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
I t'ompany), W. McFariand (foreman Kdison
Electric Light Company). Gatekeeper, George
iiarnnardt; assistant gatekeeper, Louis Kruger
A meteorite which fell in Australia
recently had a mass of pure copper em
bedded in one side.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1896.
IS IT MURDER
OR A SUICIDE?
Doubt Raised as to the
Cause of Mayne Wor
rail's Death.
POISON IN HER STOMACH
Startling Discovery by Dr. Philip
Nathan, the Autopsy
Physician.
SME WAS ALWAYS CHEERFUL.
No Reason for Self-Destruction Can
Be Unearthed, for She Had
All to Live For.
Dr. Philip W. Nathan, acting City
autopsy physician in place of Dr. Barrett,
says that the demise of Miss Mayne Wor
rall, the pretty young English lady who
DID SITE TAKE POISON?
The mystery of the death of Miss Maync Worrall— rich, pretty and talented—
has been deepened by the statement of Dr. Nathan that her demise was caused
j by poison. The lull autopsy has not been completed.
died at the Palace Hotel Saturday after
noon, was the result of the administration
of some non-corrosive poison. It was re
ported by Dr. J. D. Whitney, who was
present at the time of her death, that heart
failure caused her taking off.
Dr. Nathan, when seen at his residence,
927 Geary street, last evening, said:
"She did not die from heart trouble, but
from poisoning. At present I am unable
to state what the poison was. Ido know,
however ( that it was not corrosive. I have
removed the stomach from the body and
find some fluid matter there, which will be
submitted to a chemist for analysis. "When
this is done the nature of the poison will
be ascertained."
"Then you are certain that poison was
the direct cause of death?" was asked.
'•Yes; I am certain that she died from
poison of some kind. She did not die from
heart failure, as I have already stated. I
will make my report to the C6roner to
morrow."
This conclusion on the part of Dr. Na
than throws a mystery over the young
lady's death and the motive which caused
it. She had plenty of means; her letters
of credit on the banks were more than
sufficient to take her to her home in Lon
don, and her jewelry alone was estimated
to be worth $2500.
It does not seem possible, under the cir
cumstances, that the young lady could
have committed suicide. From all ac
counts she. was particularly cheerful dur
ing her voj'age from Australia on. the Ala
meda. A number of the cabin passengers
Hay in fact that she was the life of the
party on board. Then just before her
death she rang for a bell-boy, and telling
him she felt very ill asked him to send for
a doctor, which action would hardly bear
out a suicide theory.
Her death then, if Dr. Nathan is right in
his poison theory, was either a murder or
caused by her accidentally taking an over
dose of some drug to relieve a state of dis
tress in which she suddenly found herself.
There is a rumor, however, that a sweet
heart in England became violently in
sane before her departure, but as this
was some time ago it is hardly likely that
that fact could have caused Miss Worrall
to take her own life.
The body has been embalmed and is at
present at Porter & Cos. establishment on
Eddy street.
The deceased was a frail, small-sized
woman, weighing only about 110 pounds.
Her body was placed in a receiver at the
undertaker s, and the only tribute of
friendship and sisterly feeling evidenced
for her was a bunch of lilies sent by Miss
Kenan from the Palace Hotel.
VALLEY RAILWAY ROUTES
Directors Discuss the Proposed
Rights-of-Way South of
Fresno.
Fewer Obstacles in the Visalia Di
rection—A Run Over the
New Road.
The directors and other officials of the
San Joaquin Valley Railroad, who went
over the new road Friday, are back in
town and greatly pleased with their trip
of inspection and conference with the land
owners along the route. The party con
sisted of Vice- President R. H. Watt, Di
rectors Thomas fclagee, J. D. Spreckels,
Captain A. H. Pajson, Traffic Manager
Moss, Chiel Engineer Storey and Superin
tendent of Construction J. A. McFariand.
J. D. Spreckels returned ahead of the
others and expressed himself as being well
pleased with his first ride over the Valley
road. He said that only in a few places
had the roadbed settled in consequence of
the late rains.
They had expected a settling in some
places and were satisfted that the bed had
been so well laid. The worst place was in
the adobe lands a little out of Stockton,
where the track must be ballasted with
sand and crushed rock. In fact, after the
natural settling process is at an end, the
entire valley will be Dallasted with this
material, which will prevent the flying of
dust. Mr. Spreckels said that while no at
tempt was made to attain any great speed,
the train }n several places slid over the
rails at a rate of thirty miles an hour. He
was pleased with the reception along the
line and said that the people were rejoic
ing over the prospects of early and easy
communication with the outside world.
It will be August before the road will be
really opened for business to Fresno, to
which city the party proceeded after leav
ing Merced.
At that place a number of prominent
citizens of the county met the railroad
people and discussed the proposition of
extending the line south of Fresno this
year. Upon this subject Director Spreckels
•tated that the company had all the
materials ready to build the road into
Bakersfield, but trouble with the land
owners, over whose property the line is to
pass, was not anticipated. He said:
It does not matter to us whether we go by
the way of Hanford or by Visalia. It remains
with the people there to fix that question.
We will not start on either line until the
citizens give us the deeds to the land over
which we are to pass. There must not be any
after annoyance by some land-owner coming
in at the last moment and claiming: damages
to his land. It is not pleasant to pay exor
bitant prices for such privileges, and it causes
much delay and trouble to start condemna
tion suits. Whichever route ws take the right
of way must be free.
Mr. Spreckels states that the distance is
something like 100 miles, and the two
prospective routes are about fifteen miles
apart.
Chief Engineer Storey, who went on to
Reedley, reiurned yesterday. Judging
from his remarks there are fewer obstucles
in the way on the Visalia route. The
Hanford committees a year ago did not
meet with the success they desired, and
for a time some believed that this route
was practically abandoned. Those on the
Visalia si(ie seem to obtain better results.
Mr. Storey said that the object of the
trip south of Fresno was to get the several
committees to work together and arrange
matters so the injury to those over whose
lands the road is to pass would be shared
by their neighbors, who would be equally
benefited and not damaged by the road
cutting their lands in two. Three meet
ings were held with the committees. One
was near Fresno, the second at the Del
Rio Rev vineyard, and the third at Reed
ley. In each place the committees as
sured the railroad' people of all the-assist
ance in their power, and expressed the be
lief that the rights of way would be ob
tained before long.
WILL FORECAST FLOODS
River Gauges Are to Be Placed
in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Protection for Farmers Living Along
the Banks of the Southern
Rivers.
To-day Local Forecast Official McAdie
will leave for the southern part of the
State to perfect the flood forecast sy»tem
in the San Joaquin Valley. He will be
absent at least a week and have river
gauges placed on the Calaveras at San
Andreas, Calaveras County; on the Tu
olumne at Waterford, Stanislaus County,
and at Newman, Stanislaus County.
"The system is comparatively perfect in
the Sacramento River Valley," said Mr.
Hammon yesterday, "but nothing as yet
has been done in the San Jouquin. By
the means of the river gauges we will be
enabled to forecast with reasonable accu
racy the time and height of floods along
all the rivers of the southern valley. Of
course this will be of great value to farm
ers. Reports hereafter will be obtained
from points south aj well as north.
"The flood system is very perfect in
the Mississippi Valley, and has saved im
mense amounts of money. In the past
there has been no forecast whatever of
high water in ihe San Joaquin. Mr. Mc-
Adie will establish these stations there,
and experiments will be made with them
lor determining the rainfall, the tempera
ture and the melting of the snow,,
"In the East this system, as I said be
fore, has been reduced^down to a nicety,
but here it is yet experimental. There the
rivers flow through a country of uniform
character, but here there exists such
marked changes that the task of figurine
to an absolute surety is quite difficult.
The changes here from high to low water
are exceedingly rapid. These stations will
greatly facilitate matters and will protect
many a crop that without them would be
ruined."
Fire in a Cigar Store.
The Fire Department was called out this
morning at 10 -minutes past 12 o'clock to ex
tinguish a fire in a cigar store belonging to
See Yeen & Co. at 8 Waverlev place. The
timely arrival of the firemen saved the old
rookery from destruction.
The damage done to the cigars principally
lies in their being permeated with smoke,
which will no doubt add to their flavor.
Drove Over a Boy.
Jacob Resenberg, a boy 8 years of age, resid
ing with his parents at 1053 Foisom street, was
knocked down by a wagon on Sixth street last
night and had nis thigh broken. C. L. Joslyn,
the driver of the wagon, iras arrested and
charged with battery.
SUICIDE OF A
JEALOUS WOMAN
Mrs. Lillie Swanson Swal
lows a Dose of Car
bolic Acid.
ELEMENTS OF TRAGEDY.
She Poisons Herself in the
Presence of Joe Elliott,
Her Lover.
ANOTHER WOMAN THE CAUSE.
The Dead Wcman Was Deserted by
Her Husband About Six
Months Ago.
Mrs. Lillie Swanson, a pretty woman, 22
years of age, committed suicide through
jealousy, at her home, 873 Foisom street,
last night.
She was married by contract when only
16 years of age. She and her husband
lived happily together for a few years, but
he bezan to neglect her, and six months
ago went to Cripple Creek, Colo., leaving
her almost destitute, with a daughter 4
years of age to support.
Friends came to her assistance and she
opened a lodging-house at 873 Foisom
street. One of her lodgers was Joe Elliott,
a young man, and she fell desperately in
love with him. Their relations were
familiar, and she became excessively
jealous of him and a young woman whom
he knew before he went to live in Mrs.
Swanson's house.
Mrs. Swanson and Elliott spent the
most of yesterday afternoon together.
About 6 o'clock last night, as he left the
house, the rival young woman was passing
on the opposite side of the street. Elliott
crossed over and stood talking to her.
Mrs. Swanson saw them from the win
dow and she made signs to Elliott to leave
the young woman. He only smiled back
at her and continued his conversation.
This seemed to madden Mrs. Swanson
and she threw open the window. She un
corked a small bottle, that she held aloft
so that Elliott could see it, and swallowed
the contents. With a shriek she fell back,
and Elliott, amazed at her action, rushed
across the street and upstairs to the room
where Mrs. Swansbn was.
He found her stretched on the floor
writhing and shrieking in her agony. The
small bottle, which was lying empty be
side her, told the tale. It was labeled
"carbolic acid."
Elliott ran to the Southern police
station and notified the officer on duty of
the occurrence. The patrol wagon was
sent to the house and Mrs. Swanson was
driven to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Rinne did everything possible for her, but
she died two hours later. Her body was
taken to the Morgue.
Elliott accompanied the wagon to the
hospital and remained until she breathed
her last. He was erief-stricken and wept
bitterly as he watched her in her agony.
"She didn't like the young woman," he
moaned, "but I never thought it would
drive her to this. If I had only known
how much she disliked my speaking to
her I would have been more careful."
Mrs. Swanson's mother lives at 873 Foi
som street, and she will look after her
little granddaughter.
A letter was found in Mrs. Swanson's
room. It was as follows :
Dear Mamma; Everything I have belongs to
you, mamma. All I ask of you is to take good
care of Hazel and never give her to her father.
Write and tell him all and tell him I will die
before I go wrong. Give my clothes to Jenny
and my ring to Hazel.
Mamma, when I am dead and gone you will
not think 1 am the worst alter all. Lillie.
Lillie Wagner.
DESTINY OF RACES.
Rev. William Rader Says They Will
Unite Under One Flag in
Future Years.
Rev. William Rader preached last night
in the Third Congregational Church on
"The Stranger and Our Gate." He said :
"The influx of foreigners has colored our
American life. The names of our largest
cities are foreign born. San Francisco has
over 15,000 Italians and more than 20,000
Chinese. More tongues are spoken on
Market street than were spoken in Jerusa
lem on the day of Pentecost.
"The stranger is here because of certain
Old World conditions and New World at
tractions. Political and social discontent
in Europe has crowded the steerage in our
steamers. The Italian comes to escape the
taxcollector, who exacts 31 per cent of his
earnings. He prefers to be a scavenger in
San Francisco than a slave in Italy. The
tendency of the political world is from the
King to the people, from despotism to
democracy.
"Matthew Arnold declared our form of
Government to be the Government for all
the people and there is significance in the
prediction that Gladstone's death will
mean the breaking up of English politics.
The revolution of the future will be in
Europe not America. Russia's coronation
is a great soap-bubble, which in God's own
time win lose the splendor of its color.
"The New World attracts. Our vast
domain is full of magical fountains to the
home and cold seeker.
"The lands in which no pick has struck
and the forests in which no ax has rung
are in contrast with the crowded cities,
Immigration will be a National danger,
while we have a monopoly of land. She
must teach the foreigner the use of the
ballot-box, the dignity and price ot our
institutions and the meaning of the Ameri
can spirit.
"In the years to come the world's races
will stand underlone flag in international
wedlock and may be have the patriotism
to say 'What God hath joined together let
no man put asunder.' "
A Brave Officer* Answer.
During Napoleon's campaign in Russia
a young officer was very successful in de
feating with a handfnl of men a large
body of Cossacks who had been skirmish
ing along the iine for some days doing
considerable damaue. The officer risked
his life in a daring deed of bravery, and
Napoleon, hearing of it, sent for him and
praised him.
"Sire,"' said the officer, "I am happy for
your praise, but the Cross of the Legion of
Honor would make me happier."
"But you are very young," said Na
poleon.
-Sire," answered the brave officer, "we
do not live long in your regiments."
NEW TO-DAY- DRY GOODS.
>■•■>'. ■ • . ■ •
NOVELTY
I Jw E J9L '' tf ' El
BLACK
■^ f^^. V^^^ ft
GOODS!
VJ- V-^ Vjr U hLs •
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING!
We have just received a very large ship-
ment of NOVELTY ENGLISH BLACK
GOODS, the latest productions of a CELE-
BRATED BRADFORD MANUFACTURER.
The weaves and designs are the most elegant
ever exhibited in San Francisco, and as they
come to us rather late in the season, we will
offer the entire lot at
188 B * *
JkiTT per Yard.
The above goods are in 20 different de-
signs. WARRANTED FAST BLACK. They
measure exactly 44 inches in width, and at
the price quoted are fully fifty per cent
cheaper than any similar goods ever sold in
this city.
The attention of our patrons is directed
to this sale.
T33IjiEI3F»I3:C>ISra3 IH^UST 8777.
* 1892.
ill, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
COURSING AT THE PARKS.
Reliance Wins at Ingleside and
White Chief at Ocean
View.
Short-Enders Have an Inning at Cas
serly & Kerrigan's — Next
Sunday's Events.
The followers of the leash who attended
the meeting at Ingleside yesterday saw
Tim Cronin's stock win out for the second
time in two weeks, Reliance taking the
first prize from a fair field of twenty-four
hounds.
The betting was up to the average and a
good crowd saw the various runs.
Following is the result of the run-downs:
J. Dowling's Briar Hill beat J. Bradshaw I
May Belle, J. R. Dicksou's Camilla beat ML
Traynor's Kate Craigen, J. Grace's Roil Along
beat J. McCormick's Rapid, M. Traynor's Whip
Jr. beat Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B, Dillon &
Reilly's Queen B beat J. Bradshaw's Lass o'
Gowrie, J. Byrne's Seminole beat W. Dalton s
Xapoieon Jack, J. 11. Rosseter's Kitty Scott
beat J. M. McCormick's Paruell, Cronin & Mc-
Donald' 1':1 ': Reliance beat J. Bradshaw's Ironclad,
J. Bradshaw's Famous beat M. Traynor's
Flashlight, F. Brown's Kilmore beat T. Gib
son's Corte Modera, J. H. Rosseter's San Victor
beat J. F. Grace's Deceiver, J. H. Rosseter's
Alajneda beat F. C. Mack's lugleside.
First ties— Briar Hill beat Camilla, Whip Jr.
beat Roll Along, Queen B beat Seminole, Reli
ance beat Kitty Scott, San Victor beat Famous,
Alameda beat Kilmore.
Second ties— Briar Hill beat Wnip Jr., Queen
B beat San Victor, Reliance beat Alameda.
Third ties— Briar Hill beat Queen B, Reli
ance a bye.
Final— Reliance beat Briar Hill.
A consolation stake with ten entries fol
lowed, Kitty Scott taking first, Rosa B
second and Parnell third.
The usual willing, heavy - betting
crowd was in attendance at Casserly &
Kerrigan's Ocean View Park yesterday,
and saw old reliable White Chief take
first in a 40-dog stake, in which some of the
best of the local hounds were entered.
The hares were in more than usual run
ning humor, and some of the courses were
unusually long for this season of the year.
Surprises were plentiful throughout the
day and in the first ties four short ends
won in succession, the favorites, however,
evening up matters by winning nearly
everything toward the close of the stake.
Following is the result of the run-down.
J. Woods' Mohawk beae F. C. Randolph's
Happy Jack, P. Litter's Abbey Lass beat J.
Kelly's Mary X, P. Kerrigan's Olive befit Valley
kennel's Gold King, Laurelwood kennel's hi-
Uriuge beat J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy, 1'- Ker
rigan's Miss Bruinmel beat H. Burns' Lucky-
Dog, G. Dougherty's Georgie Dixon beat C,
Evans' Mascot,' W. H. McComb's Locomotive
beat G. O'Brien's Lamplighter, J. J. Larkey s
Spinaway beat P. Toner's Annie, J. Segwson ■
White Chief beat W. Casserly's California V 10
-let, Villa kennel's Maud Q beat J. Donnelly's
Deiendf r, J. J. Larkev's True Blue a bye, Lau
relwood kennel's Laurel Leaf beat S. Lehman s
Tommy Hall, S. Lehman's Nellie C beat C.
Evans' Dashaway, D. Burnham's Buicher Boy
beat J. Kelly's Bendalon, M. O'Connor's Ore
gon Boy beat S. Newman's Forest Queen, P.
Tippler's Menlo Maid a bye, T. Walton's Bobo
link beat J. Baxter's Yankee Doodle, Villa ken
nil's Bonnie Lass beat C. Anderson's Fairy D,
D. China's Happy Day beat T. Neenan's Pop
Larkin, S. Lehman's Ben Brush beat P. Kerri
gan's George Miller.
First ties— Mohawk beat Abby Lass, Eldridge
beat Olive, Missßrummel beat Georgie DUon,
Spinaway beat Locomotiye, White Chief beat
Maud G, True Blue beat Laurel Leaf, Nellie C
beat Butcher Boy, Menlo Maid beat Oregon
Boy, Bonnie Lass beat Bobolins, Happy Day
beat Ben Brush.
Second ties— Eldridge beat Mohawk, Spina
away beat Miss Brummel, White Chief beat
True Blue. Nellie C beat Menlo Maid, Bo.inie
Lass beat Huppy Day.
Third ties— Eldridge beat Spinaway, >Vhite
Chief beat Nellie (', Bonnie Lass a bye.
Fourth ties— Eldridge beat Bonnie Lass,
White Chief a bye.
Final— White Chief beat Eldridge.
Prizes $25, $15, $10, 55, $5.
Judge Ed Canavan, slipper John Cranston.
On Sunday next another forty-dog stake at
$1 entrance to which the management will add
$20 will be run.
The drawing will take place on Thursday
evening next at 915 Market street.
SCO.
This week's sale offers
staple items of interest to
every family. Every ar-
ticle is guaranteed and may
Ibe returned if found un-
satisfactory.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — — Wednesday
Pasha Blend Coffee. . .lb 30c
regularly 37}^c.
Freshly roasted. Roast or ground.
Excelsior Baking Powder
lb3oc
regularly 45c 5-lb tin $1 25
To close out the Miner
brand of chocolates and
cocoas we make these extra-
ordinary low prices, Mr.
Miner having sold his fac-
tory.
Miner's Vanilla Chocolate
Ib27}*c
regularly 35c.
Miner's Breakfast Cocoa •
Mb can 37J£c
:............. K-H>can2oc
regularly 50c and 25c. .
Van Emden's Cocoa, .lb 50c
Holland formula
regularly 80c.
Beziere French Sardines i
tin 20c
Fancy fisb, fine f1av0r..... doz $2 25
regularly 25c, large tin.
German whole pears, .lb ioc
Tirhoot Chutney
- our importation ....pfc bot 30c
Richardson's Pickles
regularly 50c....... p t bot 30c
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THELADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OK THE —
PALACE HOTEL
| DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UK TIL MIDNIGHT.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SUNBURN