VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 134.
ARE COMING TO
CLOSE QUARTERS.
Attitude of England and
Russia in the Far
East.
DIVISION OR RUPTURE.
Germany and France, However,
Yet Cut Some Figure in
Chinese Matters.
THE BRAVE STAND OF FAURE
To the Amazement of All Enemies He
lngores the Tactics of the
Snob C asses.
[Copyright, IS?6, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Esq., April 11.— Paris has a
:nown trick of not doing what every
(">> iv agrees in expecting her to d<
this needs to be kept in mind now, be
cause everybody i« hearing some whis
pered phase of general suspicion that
grave things are on the point of happening
in France. These dispatches were sent out
fifteen months ago, when the Chamber
overruled a decree of the council of state.
Really this was a thousand times more
important than the incidental overthrow
cf the Dupuy Cabinet and the resignation
of President Ca.-imir-Perier. These Jatter
thing* excited public interest much more,
no doubt, but it was the other thing which
altered history. From that moment a
new French revolution began, and though
-':e<supto last October was barely
perceptible it has moved forward «ince then
wi:h ever-increasinjr velocity, until now it
s-enis un tne very brink of violent descent
into the rapids of popular commotion. No
one darts to formulate a prediction as to
is to occur, hut it is the prevalent
feeling that the closing ten days* of April
will be momentous of Bourgeois' Jacobin
like determination to throttle the Senate.
For the mument it is interesting to
wonder what part President Faure will
play in the drama now set soon to be un
:. He was elected, it will be remem
bered, by a combination of ail the Reac
tionary. Anti-Radical element in the Ver
sailles Congress. Practically every Sena
tor who is now nerving himself fora battle
tti the dee* 'a with Bourgeois voted on the
final ballot for Faure. Afterward it was
disclosed that they did this because word
had passed among them that Faure'a
wife's father had been a convicted embez
zler, and knowledge of this secret would
give them a terrible power over him. To
their amazement, once in oilice, he began
taking his own line, which was not theirs.
They vainly threatened him, and finally
exploded their scandalous sensation. He
faced it like an honest man, with a pro
tecting arm around his wife, and France
like.l him all the better for it. Since then
he has been frankly on the side of the
Radicals in the south. He went out of his
way to shuw hi- sympathy with Bourgeois'
aggressive policy.
This has made the monarchical, banking,
speculating, snob classes generally furious
with ra^e. When he went to the Am'euil
rares last Sunday with his wife and
daughter, they organized a swell mob
demonstration -of hostility to the Presi
dential party, news of which, traveling
back to Paris, created a preat stir in the
Faubourgs. The police reports of this
nt made the President decide not to
\uteuil again, but yesterday it was
! advisable that he should go, and
as taken that there should be popu
lar cheers fur him. The occupants of the
prand stand and boxes decided not to
hut they turned significantly in
their seats 80 a- not to witness hisentry.
too, i> being talked about in Paris.
ay s reports say that Bourgeois and
binet are leaning now to the idea of
immediate dissolution. This cannot be
done constitutionally without the assent
of the Senate, which it is well known will
be refuse.!, hut the resolution to dispense
with the Senate's consent would be only a
trifle better than the other things that
Bourgeois has done already in his crusade
against the upper house.
If he and Kaure risfeed this and went to
the country on tfce issue of the income tax
there is no earthly doubt that there would
b« a tremendous popuiar rally at the polls
in their favor. This is well understood by
the Senate and by the classes which it rep
resents, and the notion that they will go to
extremes to resist it is perhaps* the most
definite idea in the whole general supposi
tion that trouble is impending.
The lethargy of the Easter holidays still
forma a convenient pretext for giving out
no diplomatic dews, but it is plain enough
that the foreign oih'ces have all been work
ing full time during the time of recess. I
have reason to believe that England and
I Luve come to close quarter on the
f of the far East and tnat within a
lew days or weeks we shall hear either
that an arrangement has been reached by
which England takes a big territorial cotu
pensation for the events in Korea and
Manchuria or thatar:ipture is threatened.
To-day's meeting at Venice of Emperor
William and King Humbert is purposely
invested with political importance by the
presenooof alot of the principal German
and Italian diplomats, rind by the osten
tatious bringing from Ilon.e of a chest full
of foreign oiiice documents. This is meant
of course for public evidence that the
triple alliance is as solid as ever. England
is waiting with more interest, however
for some indication that Germany has
withdrawn from its embarrassing com-
Unaiion with Russia and France in Chi
nese matt •«. When that comes, as there
ik apparently email doubt that it will
come, then Ensrii.vlnnen will draw a iong
breath of relief; and will be willing to let
Salisbury and Chamberiaia put on full
steam ahead. In expectation of this they
have already ceased grumbling about the
Soudan adventure. They neither under
stand nor like it, it is true, and they are
biiii personally repelled by the notion of
The San Francisco Call.
German partnership, but there has been
such a wearing strain on the national
nerves during the pant six weeks ol uncer
tainty and menace that they will be only
too glad to find themselves landed in any
combination at any price which promises
safety.
There have been so many Irish land
bills in the last fifteen years that it is not
easy to get up much eagerness at West
minster as to the provisions of the new
one, which will be brought in Monday.
The chief interest in it, from a political
point of view, is to see how the Govern
ment has managed to strike a compromise
between the ultra landlord views of its
aristDoratic Irish supporters and the de
mands of the Protestant farmers of Ulster,
whose oilicial representative is T. W. Rus
sell. A year ago there seemed a fair pros
pect that this latter class would be driven
to join hands with the Nationalists, and at
the summer elections they did help the
Nationalists to recapture three seats. Since
then, however, Russell has received a sala
ried ollice and a promise that some of his
views at least would be adopted in the new
land bill; and, on the other hand, the Na
tionalist movement has lapsed into such
profound moral and intellectual disrepute
that all danger of its making converts in.
Ulster or elsewhere has entirely vanished.
It is understood that the bill will go over
further in the tenants' direction than Mor
ley's, and that the Nationalists probably
will have little to complain of except de
tuils of valuation.
The daily Chronicle has scored a unique
journalistic feat by getting a letter from
the Pope, through Cardinal Rampolla, ad
dressed to its editor and warmly bestowing
the papal benediction on the paper's
earnest efforts to promote international
arbitration. This following the manifest
of the three English-speaking cardinals
gives to Rome a pre-eminence in this
pacific movement which puts the English
established church rather in a corner. I
hear that the Archbishop of Canterbury ia
SAIS FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 12, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
THE OXJTI3STC3- SE-AJ3O3ST OPENS.
being besieged by letters from bishops and
leading churchmen, clerical and lay, urg
ing that some chance be given to them
formally to indorse the principle and iden
tify the church with the movement.
The papers having printed seven or
ei«ht different versions of the ceremonial
which is to mark the wedding of Princess
Maud of Wales in July, now briefly state
that nothing whatever has been settled
yet. This experience is by no means un
familiar, for of late the Queen, who has
always strenuously guarded her supreme
authority in such matters, has taken great
delight in making programmes and then
altering them day by day in one detail
after another till the court officials are at,
their wits' end to follow what has been or
dained, but this coming function is by far
the most marked example yet seen of the
royal idiosyncrasies, and hi private con
versation one may near many curious
tales about the domestic scenes that it has
already involved. Publicly, however, the
most decorous silence is preserved.
Speaking still of the London press, it is
hard not to sympathize a little with the
fiasco of the Olympian games from the
point of view of tlie editors here. They
sent out special correspondents to make a
big feature of the affair and were to have
voluminous telegraphic reports. I can
only speak from knowledge in one case,
but assume it is true in others, that tele
grams came all right and at length, but
consisted of such a monotonous, melan
choly record of American triumphs that
they were cut down to the barest skeleton.
It is suggested now in a vague way that
England was hardly represented at all
among the athletes, but I do not think
that this is true. The Greeks themselves
centered their attention on the twenty-six
mile run from Marathon, which had the
attraction of reproducing a historic feat
that every Hellenic child knows, as we
know Paul Reverr's ride, jiud they were
in a frenzy of delight when three Greeks
came in ahead, and. the Hungarian comp
etitor who followed at a respectable dis
tance brought the news that all the others
had broken down half way.
Among accumulating signs that the
minor German States are banding together
in hostility to Prussia, the controversy
which is proceeding about the Hessian
railroad deserves attention. This is one
of a few lines remaining in the Empire
which are privately owned, and Prussia
has coerced the Hessian Government into
combining with it to force the sharehold
ers to sell out to the State. This line,
which is partly in Prussia and partly in
Hesse, ought by the superiority of its route,
enjoy the bulk of traffic from Cologne to
Frankfort, but it has been systematically
boycotted by the Prussian Ministry for
years. Despite this, it 3 stock was quoted
at 122 when the announcement was made
this week that the two governments had
offered to buy it up at 115. This off it,
coupled with the blunt hint that if re
fused Prussia would wreck the road al
together, will probably be accepted, but it
has created the deepest resentment all
through South Germany, and will be heard
of again.
Quite as little calculated to increase af
fection for Prussia among its neighbors is
the grotesquely brutal incident of Kotze's
duel with Schrader, to which he was liter
ally compelled by the Prussian aristocracy.
Kotze suffered arrest and imprisonment
for charges of infamy, which he declares
to be false and which could not be proved,
and which he traced primarily to Schrader,
who is one of the court chamberlains. To
vindicate himself he sued Schrader for
libel, instead of accepting his challenge,
whereupon the officers of the corps of
which he is a member expelled him as un
worthy as an associate of Prussian officers.
The Emperor intervened and modified the
expulsion to a warning that he must not
offend again in that way, the result of
which was, of course, that he had to meet
Schrader in the field. For this ordeal he
practiced day and ni^ht, until his aim had
deadly accuracy, and confessedly he went
out to kill. The savagery of the thing is
made complete Dy the fact that he will now
have to undergo a nominal confinement
in a fortress for offense against the civil
law, although he was practically ordered
by the Emperor in the name of martial
etiquette to break it. Thia gross illustration
of what Prussian militaryism means will
sink deep into the minds of thousands of
civilians all over the empire and germinate
as a social democratic seed.
If our Congress at Washington enjoyed
universal esteem hers for wisdom, sobriety
and sincere good faith, it would stiil prob
ably do poor Mrs. Maybrick more harm
than good by interfering in her case, but
the present body has come to mean to the
European imagination almost everything
that is silly, vulgar and dishonest. In
deed, Europeans have managed to pre
serve respect for the American people as a
whole only by believing that they are
wickedly misrepresented by this extraor
dinary Congress: Englishmen in particu
lar hold this view, and use it as an argu
ment in counseling the Spaniards to have
patience, and they consequently feel like
saying that the meddling of such a body
in sucb a case is simply intolerable. I
said at the time of the trial that the
unfortunate woman was wrongfully con
victed on the evidence, and, putting the
abstract question of moral guilt aside, I
believe that has come to be the feeling of
a great majority of people here. The
present Home Secretary, I understand,
distinctly leaned to this view, but was
overborne by Salisbury, Herscheil. Glamor
gan and Asquith, all of whom had official
knowledge or prejudice about the case,
but there were still chances of making
public opinion operative in the matter,
and it is these which Congress' imperti
nent bungling will diminish, if not destroy.
Elizabeth L. Banks has achieved more
fame by a single letter in the Times than
by all her arduous, valuable labor on the
. servant question. There is a bill before
Parliament to abate street noises, and all
sorts of soreheaas have been ventilating
tiieir grievances in the Times about
piano?, organs, street bands, muffin bells,
newsboys' cries and every other conceiv
able item in London's roar. Miss Banks
wrote briskiy and brightly in favor of
noise, and adroitly brought in the muz
zling of dogs as another achievement of
these same kill- joys. The Times editorially
sniffed at her, but to-day correspondents
are beginning to express their joy at her
remarks, and I hear people talking every
where of her letter.
The rumor has been heard often enough
before, but this time, the hatters say, it is
really true that the high silk hat is dimin
ishing everywhere in sales and is clearly
on the road to popular discredit.
Harold Frederic.
THR O ?TJV IMTO THE THAMES.
Five Infanta Strangled With Tapes and
freighted With liricks.
LONDON, Eng., April 11.— A woman
named Dyer' and a man named Palmer
were • arraigned in the Police Court at
Reading to-day as the result of the discov
ery of the bodies of a number of infants in
the Thames. Five of those found had
been strangled with tapes. All the bodies
had been weighted with bricks. The mur
der of babes is ascribed to baby farmers.
The prisoners were remanded for further
examination.
Reading is the center of the straw-hat
manufacturing business in England. Mo3t
of , the factory hands are women. The
population of the city consists, it is said,
of six times as many women as men, and
the immorality, that Jeads to infanticide,
is very common. ■ .'". •■- «„.,-.
. . ■■.■■■< " ' "' * '■■ ■
Forest Sire in Aorth Carolina.
RALEIGH, N. C, April 11.— A forest
nre In Cumberland County destroyed 10,
--000 acres of the finest pine timber in that
section with a loss of over $100,000. One
house, many barns, miles of fencing and
many cattle were burned. Rain cheesed
the tire just in time to save the town of
Fayetteville.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NOTHING DONE
IN NINE YEARS.
Delay in the Construction
of the New Postoffice
Building.
TIME TO BEGIN WORK.
But Federal Officials Cannot
Agree Upon Plans for the
Interior.
AN INDIFFERENT ARCHITECT.
California Congressmen Propose to
Compel Treasury Department Men
to Act at Once.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.-Nin«
years ago, or to speak accurately, on March
3, 1887, Congress authorized the construc
tion of a new Postoffice buildfng in San
Francisco, yet not one step has been taken
toward its construction. The cost of the
site and building has been increased from
time to time, but for nine years California
Congressmen and San Francisco press rep
resentatives have tramped up and down
the Treasury Department stairs, have worn
a path in the stone steps and consumed
an infinite amount of shoe leather in an
endeavor to find out how the work was pro
gressing. For years this subject has been
foremost in the California colony here,
and on dull days correspondents have
always tramped up the marble steps to
inquire "How is the San Francisco Post
office building coming on?" True, they
never received much satisfaction, but could
usually write a half column of "reasons'*
why the work was delayed.
The report of the expert engineering
commission concerning the foundation
has been before the supervising architect
for about one year, and with a balance left
after the purchase of the site and the
$50.0C0 additional appropriated to com
mence building, the amount now on hand
and available is $216,736, according to a
statement made to The Call corre
spondent by the acting supervising archi
tect of the Treasury to-day.
For many months the architect has
given one excuse after another for not
commencing the work of construction. It
was surmised, however, that the real rea
son was on account of the low state of
finances of the Nation. Secretary Carlisle
was indisposed to commence the erection
of any public buildings which involved the
expenditure of so large an amount of
money. Finally, however, sketch plans
were prepared and together with a de
scription of the interior arrangements of
the building, were printed in The Call.
It was then given out by the Treasury De«
partment that a further reason for delay
was that the Federal officers of California
had failed to respond to the department's
request that they send on suggestions &a
to arrangement of rooms.
Three or four months ago the depart
ment sent to Judges Morrow and McKenna
and other Federal officials the plan of in
terior arrangements with a request that
they examine them and suggest to the
supervising architect what chance, if any,
they might wish to make. All of these
officers responded several weeks ago. But
it was found that their ideas did not agree.
The arrangement of rooms as suggested
by the Judges was found to|be inconsistent
and incompatible with the plans as oat
lined-by the Postmaster.
On March 26 last the supervising archi
KEW TO-DAT.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head la
its worst form, and it continued spreadini;
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. I had a fine head of hair,
seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice it. I
was in despair. The physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one recommended
Ccticcra Soap. My father procured a set of
Ccticcra. Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
hue. In six weeks I was entirely cured. My
face was smooth and my complexion clearer
and finer than it had ever been before.
Miss MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
Speedy Cpek Tbeatmint. — Warm baths
with CuTicrjnx Soap, gentle application! of
Ccticcra (ointment), and mild doses of Crm-
cura Resolvent, greatest of humor cures.
Sold throuchont the world. Price, Cotici'la, aVs.t
Soap. 25c. ; Resolvent. SOc. tnd «l. Pottee Dnv<t
asb Chem. Corp.. Sole Prnps.. Bneton.
car " How to Care the Wont Ecicm*." mailed free.
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS
AND
smm BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!
OB SALE. EVEHYWHBRk,2
tect wrote to Postmaster McCoppin asking
him to send on his own idea as to how the
rooms to be devoted to the postoffice
should be arranged.
The acting supervising architect said to
TnE Call correspondent to-day:
"We are now waiting to hear from Post
mast-r McCoppin. You understand that
these buildings are tr.ken up in their regu
lar order, and San Francisco has now been
reached, but we cannot go on with our
pian? until the Federal officers have
agreed as to arrangement of their several
and respective rooms."
Another official of the supervising
architects office, who, however, does not
Wish to be quoted, said to The Call cor
respondent that unless tlie Federal of
ficers speedily agreed on the interior ar
rangement of the building the aichitect
would take the matter in his own hands
and go ahead with the plans. He said
that one of the United States Judges had
been very much dissatisfied with the de
signs of the buildinz, and had intimated
to the department that unless the plans,
were changed he would object to moving
into it. He did not say who this official
was. but it is surmised that it was either
Judge MeKenna or Judge Morrow. It
was further ascertained that the supervis
ing architect would modify the plans and
general design of the building. The de
sign, as prepared by tlio former architect
of the treasury, O'Rourke, was the style of
Italian renaissance. The modified plans
will be after the style of Spanish renais
sance, and the appeurance of tho building
will be greatly changed and improved.
Indeed, the change will be so radical that
the appearance of the building will be
altogether different.
An officer of the supervising architect's
office said to a Call correspondent to-day :
*'Of course we cannot decide on ihe design
until we know how much space each one
of the Federal offices will need, and until
Postmaster McCoppin sends on his own
ideas we cannot go ahead with the plans.
But in general, it will be enough to say
that the general apDearance of the build
ing will be greatly improved and beauti
fied."
The Call correspondent asked the reason
for changing the design of the building,
and was told that the former plans had
been prepared by Supervising Architect
O'Kourke, hut that the present architect,
Aikin, was not altogether satisfied with
them, and had directed draughtsmen of the
office to prepare other designs. The cor
respondent inquired when the people of
San Francisco might reasonably expect
the work of construction to begin, and was
told that it all depended on the Federal
officers, but a? soon as Postmaster McCop
pin responded to the request of the
architect's office, and it was found that
the ideas of the several Federal officers
might be amalgamated, the draughtsmen
of the ofhee would immediately begin to
draw new sketch plans.
"Then, when in your opinion will real
construction of the building commence?"
asked the correspondent.
The acting supervising architect replied:
"That would be impossible to say. It
might be only a month or so, and it might
be a year, but you may say to your people
that the San Francisco building has been
reached in regular order and work will be
rushed as rapidly as possible. These
buildings are taken up in the order in
which appropriations were made by Con
gress, and heretofore it has been impossi
ble for us to do anything with the San
Francisco building for the reason that
there were other buildings ahead of it, and
for the further reason that there has been
a delay in hearing from Federal officers in
California."
This was all the satisfaction that could
be obtained from the architect.
Senator Perkins said to The Call corre
spondent to-night:
"The way the supervising architect has
acted in this matter has been very aggra
vating. Several months ago Judge Mc-
Kenna wrote me. giving his ideas as to ar
rangements of courtrooms, judges' cham
ber*, clerks' and marshals' rooms, etc.
"He was anxious to have the courtrooms
located at the several corners of the build
ing, so as to secure as much light as possi
ble, and also suggested that for the sake of
convenience the clerks' and marshals'
offices and other rooms connected with the
court all be situated on the game floor. I
went to gee the supervising architect and
had a short interview with him. He ex
pressed regret that the work on the build
in*; had been delayed, but said that the
office was swamped with work and he was
doing nis best with the force he had and
that there would be many buildings to
claim his attention. Time went on, and
finally I wrote him, suggesting that if he
would send me an estimate of the amount
required for additional draftsmen I would
introduce a bill in the Senate to appropri
ate money for that purpose, as was don« in
the cabt- of Chicago's postoffice, when
Congress made a special appropriation to
secure draftsmen for that building. I was
somewhat surprised at receiving no an
swer to my letter, for I had naturally sup
posed that the supervising architect would
be willing and anxious to have assistance
furnished him.
"I wrote him again, but received no
satisfaction. Then I sent a special mes
senger conveying an intimation that I
could not understand his reason for not
replying to my communications. I in
structed my messenger to secure some
kind of answer. The architect promised
to furnish me the data I had requested,
but I never received them.
"It was very discourteous treatment, to
say the least, and I gave him to under
stand that unless I received some informa
tion from him I would introduce a reso
lution in the Senate demanding to know
from the Secretary of the Treasury the
reason for delay in commencing work on
the building, and directing him to proceed
with the construction. The supervising
architect then sent his secretary to see me.
I was not in my hotel, but he left his card.
I afterward received notice from the de
partment that if the Public fJuildings and
Grounds Committee would request infor
mation on the subject it would be fur
nished to Congress. The resolution was
then passed, and in response the Secretary
of the Treasury sent a letter which merely
recited the fact that an appropriation for
the building had been made, the site pur
chased and the limit of cost of the build
in? fixed at $2,500,000, but that a proviso
had been made that no work was to be
done until the commission of Government
engineers haa examined the foundation
and reported it to be firm; that sketch
plans had been drawn, and the working
plans were being prepared and would be
completed as soor as possible.
"This was the la-t I heard of the mat
ter, and altogether it has been very un
satisfactory. There is some reason for
this delay which I cannot understand.
The supervising architect may be swamped
with business, but I offered to make an
earnest endeavor to provide assistance for
him. The truth is the supervising archi
tect is not a bis enough man for his place.
He devotes too much attention to details
of his office instead of entrusting it to
assistants. lam very much vexed on ac
count of tbe delay and leel that I have
been treated very discourteously by the
architect. lam considering the advisabil
ity of JiuroduciDg my resolution on Moa
day, demanding explicit information from
the Treasury Department why work is de
layed and directing the Secretary to pro
ceed with the construction immediately."
Representative Mazuire said: "I have
no knowledge of the status of the postoffice
building plans, but will say that I think
the delay iB unwarranted. Fonr weeks
ago I was told at the department that
plans would be proceeded with when cer
tain information had been received from
Federal officers at San Francisco as to the
interior arrangements, but since then I
have heard nothing."
Representative Loud said: "The depart
ment may make excuse after excuse. My
own opinion is that they are delaying
work on this building and others because
they have not the money to spare out of
Uncle Sams cashbox, but don't want to
admit the fact."
YAMAGATA IN THE EAST.
Many Leading Chicagoans Pay Their Re-
spects — New Yorkers Will Give Him a
Housing Military Reception.
CHICAGO, 11t... April 11.— Field Mar
shal Yamagata of Japan and party ar
rived from San Francisco on time yester
day morning and, accompanied by O. W.
Ruggles, general passenger agent of the
Michigan Central, were driven to the Audi
torium. Their arrival created a nutter in
the city, and a large number of officials
and leading citizens culled at the hotel to
pap their respects to the hero of the great
Oriental war.
At Omaha the Yamagata party was re
ceived with military honors yesterday,
and General Merritt, U. S. A., command
ing the Department of the Platte, called
in person and tendered military honors.
The tender was very graciously accepted
by the Marquis, but owing to the heavy
rain the function was called off.
The party will leave for Detroit on the
Vanderbilt line to-morrow, and on Sunday
will proceed to Niaeara Falls. General
Manager Toucey and General Passenger
Agent Daniels of the New York Central
Railroad will take Governor Morton and
staff and a committee of the legation to
meet the Japanese party at Niagara Falls,
and a special train will then convey all to
Albany, where Governor Morton will re
ceive Yamapata and pay to that distin
guished cnieftain the highest honors of the
State. Later the Marquis will go to New
York, where a large military escort will
receive him at the Grand Central station
of the New York Central and escort him to
the hotel.
The fame of the Marquis has preceded
him. The people of the East have learned
to appreciate his modesty, and it is safe to
say that he will receive from New York
State tne proudest honors he has known
since leaving his native country.
Maxry Cobb'g Shortage.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 11.— An addi
tional shortage of $10,000 was found to-day
in the accounts of the late County Treas
urer, Maxey Cobb, that sum being the
amount of the discrepancy between his
books and those of one of the banks of
deposit. This brings the total shortage up
to nearly $50,000. Treasurer Cobb disap
peared shortly after the first shortage de
veloped and his dead body was found
three days later in the woods*.
S)iort in the Cash.
NEW ALBANY, Isd., April 11.— James
Ban born of Jeffersonville, until recently
cashier for the Louisville and Nashville
Railroad, has been mifrsing from home two
weeks. There is a shortage in the ac
counts of the Louisville and Nashville
here and at the Bank of Commerce, Louis
ville, of about $10,0uo. Sanborn's wue ia
an invalid and is prostrated.
OVERCOME BY THE SMOKE
Firemen Have a Very Close Call
During a Blaze at
Detroit.
Carried Out in an Unconscious Condi
tion an! Taken to
Hospitals.
DETROIT, Mich., April 11.— Fire started
in the top story of the five-story brick
building, 37 to 51 Woodbridge street, east,
shortly after 6 o'clock this evening, and
before it was gotten under control the two
top floors bad been gutted, causing a loss
of 120,000 to the building and between
$30,000 and $40,000 on the contents, which
consisted entirely of household goods
which had been stored in the buiiding.
Shortly after the fire started Assistant
Chief Kendall, with eight or nine men,
started to carry a line of hose up the
stairway. They were met on the third
lloor by a denss volume of smoke, which
nearly suffocated them. Kendall and one
other of his men managed to tret back
down the stairway and told of the predic
ament of their comrades, and all were car
ried out in an unconscious condition and
taken to hospitals. While they are suffer
ing severely from the effects of inhaling
smoke the physicians believe they will re
cover.
It A CIS O AT SJSWPORT,
Opening of the Queen City Jockey Club's
Spring Meeting.
NEWPORT, Ky., April 11— Six thou
sand people, about a fourth of them ladies,
attended the opening day of the spring
meeting of the Queen City Jockey Club to
day. The weather was perfect and the
track in splendid condition. The new
course is well situated, the buildings are
very handsome and the track arrange
ments aamirable. Five of the Brown
starting machines will be in operation
Monday.
6ix furlongs, Prince Imperial won, Sidkel
second, Znnane third. Time, 1 :15^.
Four furlongs, Tlie Blossom won, Tempesta
second, Lady Eon third. Time, :51}^.
One mile, Kirk won, Muskalonge second, The
Banker third. Time, 1:45.
Four furlongs, Side Partner won, Gewgaw
second, Snag third. Time, 51%.
seven furlongs, Font dOr won. Tremor sec
ond, fcpringtijne third. Time, 1:30V.£.
Seven furlongs, helling. Pekiu won, Tough
Timber second, Text third. Time, 1:30.
On the Memphis Turf.
MEMPHIS, Texx., April 11.— The third
day of the new Memphis Jockey Club
meeting was more satisfactory than either
of the preceding ones, but one straggling
Btart oeing made by the machine. The
old method of starting was employed for
the stake event.
t Six furlongs, X, rauia won, Ronaona second,
Lucille third. Time, 1:16},£.
Four furlongs, selling, Steutor won, Gallilee
Eecond, Nellie Uaker third. Time, -51
Four furlongs, Gaston Hotel stakes for two
year-olds, 1000 added, Boanerges won, Aleol
second, Gosheri third. Time, So'i
One mile, selling, Sandoval won, Mercury
second, Panjandrum third. Time, 1:44 V
Seven fnrlcngs, selling, Princess ltose won
Rossmore second, Trenton third. Time, 1 -30>i
Seven furlongs, selling, High Test won'juue
second, Pretonder thira. Tim«, 1-31 ■
Aoic <ia i in* the Record.
LONDON, Exg., April 11.— Bicyclist
Michael covered live miles in the OJympia
Hall, Kensington, to-night in 9 minutes
59 2-9 seconds and now claims the r«cord
for thatdistauctt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
CONSUL WALLER
RETURNS HOME
Tells in Detail a Story of
Inhuman Treatment at
Tamatave.
ABUSED BY THE FRENCH
Dragged to Prison on Trumped-
Up Charges and Hurriedly
Convicted.
NO AID FROM HIS SUCCESSOR.
Spat Upon and Reviled as He Lay in
Chains in the Hold of a
Steamer.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 11.— In the
second cabin of the New York, which ar
i rived from Southampton this morning,
i was John L. Waller, late "United States
j Consul at Tamatave, Madagascar, who
was convicted of treason by the French
and sentenced to twenty years' solitary
confinement. He wa9 transported to
I France, where he was imprisoned until
i February 20, when he was released through
: the intervention of the State Department
!at Washington. As to the merits of the
! case Waller, when questioned, said that
! he preferred not. to speak until he had
! conferred with his friends here.
Mr. Waller, when seen in the afternoon
at 127 West Seventeenth street, told in de
tail the story of his experiences. He said :
"When I went to Tamatave m 1891 I
was impressed by stories in the French
papers to the effect that I should get my
exequatur through the French residency,
because the French Government claimed a
protectorate over Madagascar. My prede
cessor. John P. Campbell, had obtained
his through the Malagassy Government, so
I followed his example. Then the French
press raved and advised that I should not
be recognized as Consul. Then the French
officials began to slight me, and in Febru
ary, 1891, one of my wife's servants was
assaulted on the streets of Tamatave.
That was the beginning. After three years
of bad treatment from the French offle-ials
I was succeeded by Edward T. Wetter, a
Southerner. I was in the hospital at this
time.
"On March 15, 1894, 1 received from the
Malagassy Government a valuable con
cession, consisting of 225 square miles or
144.00 C acres of land on the southwest
coast of Madagascar. I was not the
United States Consul then. I then sent
my stepson, Paul Bray, to the island of
Mauritius to get settlers for the land, and
while he was away sent him a cablegram
saying, 'Do not bind settlers to trade at
our stores.' Then France again began to
abuse me through the press, and declared
that I was trying to build up a new Hayti.
"Now," added Mr. Waller, "I did no
favors for the Malagassy Government for
the concession. That concession was given
mo under provisions of the treaty between
the Madagascar Government and the
United States, and the latter at that time
recognized only the Queen as the sovereign
of the island.
"That treaty provides that citizens of the
United States may enter into negotiations
with the Malacassy Government to secure
land grants and that they shall be pro
tected in the same by and under the
Malacassy treaty. The value of the grant
was between $3,000,000 and $4,000,000.
Under the provisions I will have to pay
$500 at the end of five years and after that
pay to the Malagassy Government 10 per
cent on the total income derived. The life
of t'.ie concession is sixty years.
"Now, as to my imprisonment. I was
arrested on March 5, 1894. Five French
soldiers came to my house and demanded
my papers. Luckily, my concession papers
had been sent away. They took every
thing else. They got papers of registry
of my lands, some of which I had sublet.
I was taken before Captain Lovesot, whose
interpreter called me a liar because I
would not admit to treason and various
other crimes. Then I was thrown into
prison, with three soldiers on guard over
me.
"My preliminary trial lasted four hours
and I was not allowed any witnesses.
After reading the testimony, which was
inaccurate, I was forced to sign it. The
prosecuting attorney then told me to get a
lawyer and that he could see my friends,
with tbe exception of Paul Bray, my step
son. I sent to acting United States Consul
Wetter, who did not come to see me, but
sent a lawyer named Gemvrdeu. The
latter took the case and worked on it until
twenty-four hours before the trial came
up, and then informed me that be must
have $300 at once. "It means twenty
years or $500,' said the amiable lawyer.
"Acting Consul Wetter then informed
me that he had expended $36 to prosecute
an American citizen named John T. Lyans
on a charge that I think was inhumanely
unjust to him. Then through a friend he
erot Mr. Le Grace to take the case. He
studied it for twenty hours and at the
trial, which lasted an hour and a half, he
cross-examined no one. The live judges
were out twenty minutes and rendered a
verdict of guilty. I wag to get twenty
years in solitary confinement. Next day
Mr. Le Grace said he would get mo a new
trial, and pending it I was again thrust
into prison,
"E. C. Woodward came to me and told
me that Consul Wetter had a knife ready
for me, and advised me to write and ask
his pardon for certain allusions I had
made to him in a letter to my wife. I did
so. 1 got this reply: 'You are charged
with being guilty of a violation of the law,
and although tbe /United States would
probably interfere to prevent oppression
you cannot expect clemency or relief.'
That letter of course was opened, and a
guard came to me with it and said : 'See,
your own Consul says you are guilty. How
can you blame the French?'
"An hour afterward my counsel came,
and in that time Wetter also arrived. Mr.
Le Grace said: 'It is most unfortunate
that such a letter should be written pend
ing trial.' Wetter replied: 'It is a viola
tion of international law for an officer of a
friendly power to break the United States
consular seal, yet it is a matter of indiffer.
ence to me whether a Government seal
that I place on a letter to you is broken or
not.'
"Regarding my letters to Minister Eus"
tis, he said that if necessary be would send
them, but that he did not want to burden
his mail with rqy mail.
"Tueu X was put on board the steamship
Jemnah, in the hold and under the hatch
way. Hoodlums from above spat upon
me as I lay, chained to an iron bar, on my
back. The rain came down on me and I
got the fever. The run from Tamatave to
Zanzibar took seven days. Two days of
this time I went without a bite to eat or a
drop of water. Tne Frenchmen laughed
at my misery. One fellow put a saber to
my lips and said, 'Eat that. 1
"A French corporal became my friend,
but it nearly cost me my life. He antaeo
nized ihe guard, who tiied to kill me.
While in Zanzibar an Englishman cameto
me and said : 'Cheer up and take an Eng
lishman's greeting. God and the great
American Republic will see you through.'
"I got to Marseilles on April 2, where I
was again put in prison. I got no medical
attendance, although I was so weak 1
could not walk.
"It was the same at Clairvaux, and at
each place I felt so sick that I thought I
should die. Then I was sent toNimesand
on May 5 I got my pardon.
"On November 5 I got a letter from Min
ister Eustis saying that I could get the
pardon, but that it involved the admission
on my rjart of the validity of my trial,
'which would bar me from any claim on
the French Government. 1 My answer was
that I did not want the pardon on those
conditions, and I added that I maintained
my claim for indemnity against the French
Government. I did not hear again from
Minister Eustis until he wired me that the
pardon had arrived and that if I needed
money to wire him."
Mr. Waller will go to Baltimore on Tues
day and to Washington on Wednesday.
He declined to say what he would do re
garding his concessions or to say who he
blamed for his troubles.
BILLS ON IMMIGRATION
Action by the Republican Caucus
Prevented by the Absence
of a Quorum.
Indications That the Pending Measures
Will Not Be Finally Considered
This S.'ssion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.— The
absence of a quorum prevented definite
action at the Republican caucus which
was held at the Capitol to-night to con
sider what the party's action should be on
the McCall and Stone immigration bills.
The Stone bill provides for a consular
inspection of all persons desiring to emi
grate to the United States. The McCall
bill proposes an educational test.
Grosvenor of Ohio presided and the roll
call disclosed the presence of ninety-seven
members, twenty-six less than a quorum.
Bartholdt of Missouri, chairman of the
House Immigration Committee, strongly
opposed the Stone bill. He asserted that
it would discriminate against young Ger
mans between the ages of IS and 35, in
asmuch as the German Government would
stop them during the military period of
their age from securing the consular cer
tificate which is a prerequisite to the ad
mission to this country as citizens.
W. A. Stone of Pennsylvania, the author
of tne bill, favored Bnrtholdt with an
elaborate explanation of its provisions and
explained that he purposed amending it
in the particulars complained of when it
came before the House.
McCall of Massachusetts consumed some
time in making clear the provisions of his
own measure, which, it was apparent from
the discussion that followed, were satis
factory to all the members present. The
Stone bill, on the other hand, provoked
considerable criticism, although its merits
were generally recognized.
Dingley of Maine, the Republican leader
of the House, closed the discussion with
a brief statement that the shortness of the
session precluded the possibility of action
by the House on the measures, more par
ticularly as the Senate was not likely to
pass on them before adjournment.
TO TAX FILLED CHEESE.
Lite Souse Passed the Bill Chiefly on
Political Ground*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.— After
two days' debate the House this afternoon,
by a vote of 160 to 58, passed the "filled
cheese" bill, taxing the manufacture of the
product 1 cent a pound, and requiring the
manufacturers and dealers to pay a license.
The Committee on Ways and Means sug
gested a reduction of the retail dealers'
license from $40 to $12 a year, and that was
agreed to.
The vote on the bill was chiefly along
political lines, Republicans and Populists
favoring its passage and Democrats oppos
ing it. The following Republicans voted
a-ainst the bill: Aldnch, Belknap, Can
non, Connolly, Lorimer of Illinois, Brumm
of Pennsylvania, Evans of Kentucky. Long
of Kansas, McCall of Tennessee, Traoewell
of Indiana and Walker of Virginia.
The Senate joint resolution directing
the Secretary of War to transmit to Con
gress the survey and estimate of cost of
construction of a waterway connecting
Puget Sound and Salmon Bay with lakes
Union and Washington, Washington State,
was presented by Hermann (R.) of Oregon
and agreed to.
On motion of Pendleton (D.) of Texas
the session of Saturday, April 25, begin
ning at 2:30 o'clock, was set aside for
eulogies upon the late Representative W.
H. Cram of the Sixteenth Texas District.
At 4:45 p. m., on motion of Dingley, the
House adjourned until Monday.
OF ISTERKST TO THE COAST.
liubbard Will Make a Minority Report
on ltcfundiny.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 11.—Rep
resentative Barham to-day introduced a
bill to prevent the washing away of the
peninsula at Crescent City, Cal.
The House Committee on Public Lands
reported a resolution empowering and di
recting the Secretary of the Interior to
use Fort Bidwell as an Indian training-
Bchool.
Mrs. Kate Walker of California has been
promoted in the Pension Office.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jamea A. Watson,
San Francisco; Joshua S. Mouse, Neeales;
George Lawaon, Oakland. Restoration
and reissue, John Dillingham (deceased),
San Diego. Increase, John W. Lambert,
ban Diego. Mexican War widow, Mary
Cat heart, San Francisco.
Oregon: Original — Peter McDonald,
Portland: Lewis S. Fairchild, Cornelius.
Washington: Original— Samuel T, Nu
gent, Seattle.
Representative Huhbard of Missouri, a
member of the Pacific Roads Committee,
will make a minority report on the fund-
Ing bills, and expects three other members
of the committee to join him. It is be
lieved they are Bell, Kyle and Arnold of
Pennsylvania.
May »« a Short Station.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April H.-With
the fortification bill reported lo the House,
the only general appropriation bill re
maining to be submitted to that body for
passage is the general deficiency bill. The
members feel -confident that the ao-called
long session of the Fifty-fourth Coneress
will adjourn by the 15th of May, and thus
prove one of the shortest sessioue on record
wittuo the paat twenty years. .
GEORGE TAYLOR'S
DARING ESCAPE
One of the Meeks Murderers
Succeeds in Getting
Away.
THREE ARE IN THE PLOT
Two of the Condemned Men
Caught While Sliding Down
a Rope.
MAKE THEIR WAY TO THE ROOF
There Is Considerab'e Exciteiceat and
Posses Are in Pursuit of the
Fugitive.
CARROLLTON, Mo., April 11.— Bill and
George Taylor, murderers of the Meets
family, sentenced to be hanged April 30,
and Lee Cunningham, the latter also in
jail for murder, made an attempt to break
jail to-night. George succeeded in getting
away, but Bill Taylor and Cunningham
were captured. Night Watchman Rhelton
was in the jail at 8:20 o'clock and every
thing was all right He went out in the
back yard, and was talking to a friend
when he heard a noise at the opposite cor
ner of the jail. He rushed round to that
side, reaching there just in time to catch
Cunningham as he slid down a rope to the
ground.
Bill Taylor was half way down, and
when he saw Cunningham was caught he
cried to the night watchman that he
would give up and for him not to shoot.
He then slid on down to the ground into
Bhelton's arms. He told Shelton that
George was still on the roof. Bhelton be
lieved him and stood guard to catch him
as he came down. The alarm was given
and Sheriff Stanley came out, handcuffed
the two prisoners together and locked
them in their cells.
A search in a few minutes revealed that
George was gone. An examination of the
jail revealed the fact that a bolt had been
cut in the back of one of the cells and a
bar knocked off. This gave the prisoners
access to the corridor. Next they went up
on top of the cage up into the garret and
out ti! rough the scuttle on to the roof.
They took a fifty-foot rope with them,
fastened it on top of the roof and George
Taylor must have been the first to go
down, as no chance was given him to get
down after the night watchman discovered
the attempt to escape.
As soon as it was found that Georaje was
gone a pair of hounds were secured, and
they were put on the trail. They followed
it to the back gate, bat made no progress
beyond. Young Leonard of Norburn, a
brother-in-law of one of the Taylors, has
been here to-day. Since supper he took a
team at a livery stable and drove out of
town. He may have stopped at the jail
gate and taken George with him.
A telephone message from Norburn says
a team arrived there at 10 o'clock, "that
had been driven very hard, but we cannot
learn that the driver was Leonard."
Parties are out looking for George, and
telegrams have been sent in every direc
tion. A telegram just received from
Browning says a special train from there
will reach here before daylight with a large
posse. Excitement is intense. The streets
are lined with people, and all are anxious
to see Taylor recaptured.
TILLMAN ON WATTERSON
The South Carolina Senator's
Contempt for the Kentucky
Journalist.
Says He Would Rather Cut His Throat
Than Follow Carlisle and
Cleveland.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April 11.— Senator
Tillman of South Carolina made his first
sneech in Kentucky at 2 o'clock this after
noon in the Lexington Auditorium. The
audience filled the house, a great many
ladles being present. He was introduced
by Rev. W. T. howling, a distinguished
Methodist minister.
When Senator Tillman arose to speak
he was cheered to the echo. He said little
about silver, devoting nearly all his time
to Secretary Carlisle, President Cleveland,
Henry Watterson and the press of the
country.
In referring to Mr. Watterson he said he
pitied him ; that for years ho bad taught
true Democracy to the Kentuckians, but
"when his master told him to undo the
good work he had done he did his bidding. "
He asserted that he would rather cut bis
throat than remain in such employ longer.
He said he had always been a Democrat
and tois ancestors before him, "but if Car
lisle and Cleveland are to set tne pace for
Democrats I will declare myself to be no
Democrat. I:
He praised Senator Blackburn for re
maining in the silver ranks and abused
that wine of the party which caused his
defeat. He told his hearers that they were
cowards to allow the sound-money Demo
crats to remain in power and that they
would be forever ruined if they permitted
the rings of the various counties to send
delegates to the State convention who
would pass resolutions indorsing Carlisle
for President.
HCRBIB TOR BABMIbON.
Significance of the Turn of Political
Affair* in Indiana-
ANDERSON, Ind., April U.— Tht In
diana delegation to the St. Louia conven
tion can no longer be counted safe for
McKiniey. Wintield T. Durbin, the lead
ing delegate, to-day publicly stated that
the delegation's instructions only meant
to vote for McKinley solid if General Har
rison's name was not presented or sup
ported from some other State. Since the
East ia declaring for Harribon Durbin be
lieves Indiana will go solid for the ex-
President.
More significance ia given to the turn of
political affairs by the fact that Durbin to
duy received Harrison's after-wedding
cards an. other information) and Durbin
says he is to meet Harrison next week by
appointment. It is believed Durbin , was
called by General Hamsun lor coiuwai.
just before the ex-President's letter was
published.
Durbin is a firm Harrison man to-day.
He is on the State Central Committee and
an authority on Harrison information.
JPLAXS FOR TBE COSVESTIoy.
Democrat* Select John I. Martin as S< r
ffeant'Ut- Artnt.
CHICAGO, 111., April 11.— The sub
committee of arrangements for the Na
tional Convention of the National Demo
cratic Committee adjourned this evening
to meet again in this city on May 1. At
this meeting sub-committees on tickets,
Dress, telegraph, decorations and hall will
be appointed. It is probable that perma
nent headquarters will be opened up at the
Palmer House about the first week in
June.
The most important action of the com
mittee to-day was the selection of John I.
Martin of St. Louis, ex-Speaker of the
Missouri House of Representatives, for the
position of sergeant-at-arms. The ap
pointee has had large experience in ar
ranging details of large gatherings and
parades, and is regarded as eminently fitted
for the position. Professionally he came
under National notice some years ago as
the chief counsel of Maxwell in the cele
brated Maxwell-Preller murder trial.
The committee inspected the unfinished
Coliseum this morning and afterward
was closeted for a lon • time with the two
architects, several changes in the arrange
ments for seating delegates being sug
gested and consented to by the local com
mittee.
At the lunch given the visitors at the
Iroauois Club this afternoon the local
finance cemmittee handed over a checte for
$10,000, Qr one-fourth of the guarantee,
with the assurance that the remainder
bad been subscribed and would be col
lected and paid over in such installments
as might be called for by Chairman Har
rity.
Populiita and Socialists.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa. April 11.— At
the Populist County Convention held in
this city to-day, the socialists, who had
been invited to attend, were present in
large force under the leadership of Gen
eral Kelley. An attempt on the part of
the latter to get the convention to adopt
the platform of the Socialist Labor party
was a failure, and came near ending in a
general free-for-all fight. Tne socialists
then withdrew and later held a meeting
which was addressed by Kelley.
Plum for a Popular Politician.
CHICAGO, 111., April 11.— The sub
committee of the Democratic National
Committee this morning held a brief meet
ing, and selected Colonel j. I. Martin of
St. Louis as sergeant-at-arms of the Demo
cratic National Convention. Colonel Mar
tin i 3 a well-known politician and very
popular in St. Louis Democratic circles.
Champ Clark, for Congress.
BOWLING GREEN, Mo., April 11.-The
primaries held to-day in the Ninth Dis
trict went in favor of Champ Clark and he
will receive the nomination for Congress.
He will probably be opposed by Treloar,
the incumbent.
Wyoming's Convention
CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 11.-The
Democratic Central Committee for Wyo
ming to-day decided that the State Con
vention to elect delegates to Chicago shall
be held May 21 at Laramie.
BATTLE BETWEEN RUSTLERS.
During a Fight for the Possession of
Stolen Cattle Three Cowboys Are
Killed.
WICHITA, Kaxs., April 11. — .Rival
bands of cattle rustlers operating in the
Indian Territory became involved in a dis
pute over the possession of a big bunch of
stolen cattle yesterday and a pitched bat
tle ensued. Guns and knives were ireely
used. The fight lasted nearly half an hour
and three cowboys were killed. Mike
Smithson was shot through the head ana
instantly killed. Big Tom Eckart was
shot in the left lung and lived about an
hour. A half-breed Indian named Littla
Turtle was stabbed to death and several
Mexicans were badly wounded. The herd
belonged to the Sweet ranch and was after
ward recovered by the owner. After the
fight the party retreated to the mountain
iastnesses of the Territory, where pursuit
is impossible.
Commander Walker Coininfj.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., April 11.—Com
niander-in-Chief Walker of the G. A. R.
will leave to-day for ths Pacific Coast. He
will be away until May 4 and will visit all
the posts on the coast during his stay.
AT SLOANES
15,000 Yards
Bigelow Body
Brussels,
$1,122 per Yard
SEWED, LAID AND LINED.
These goods have held the high-
est place, both as to QUALITY,
DESIGN, COLORING and DURA-
BILITY of any Brussels manu-
factured.
50 PATTERNS
TO SELECT FROM.
ODD LOTS
Bigelow Axminster and other
high-grade Pile Goods to closo
at $1.00 per yard.
THE CELEBRATED
Nairn Linoleum,
ARTISTIC, SANITARY, DURABLE.
Perfect waterproof floor covering-
aplendid line of patterns; from 40c
per square yard, laid, and upward.
w. k jTsloane
& CO.,
CARPETS, FURNITURE,
a ¥ T\T\nmn upholstery,
CARPETS 641-647 MARKET STREET,
VlAll JL UIM SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARGES MADE
AGAINST MORTON
An Interesting Controversy
Grows Out of a
Contract.
CLAIMS OF COLLUSION.
The Secretary of Agriculture
Not at All Disturbed by
the Allegations.
COUKTS AN INVESTIGATION.
Declares That Articles of Impeach
ment Should Bi Drawn Up and
the Matter TesteJ.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.— The
Northrup-Braslan-Goodwin Company of
Chicago, bidders to supply tb.e Agricul
tural Department with vegetable seed, has
preferred charges against Secretary Mor
ton in connection with the award. The
firm named bid $64,000 for the contract
and offered to make a reduction for tho
privilege of placing its name upon the seed
packages. The contract was awarded to
Landreth & Sons of Philadelphia for
$70,000. Tie charges were filed at the De
partment of Agriculture on Tuesday last
against the Secretary and the officers in his
department, alleging "collusion, fraud
and false statements."
To these charges Secretary Morton haa
not made specific answer. The Chicago
firm say they take exception to the state
ments alleged to have been made by the
Secretary in connection with the awarding
of the contract, but they have no com
plaint to make that the contract was given
to another firm if the terms were better or
more advantageous to the Government.
They say they will endeavor to have the
matter investigated by Congress, if neces
sary, and that they have retained counsel
to proceed against Secretary Morton for
making statements they deem libelous.
In referring to the charges Secretary
Morton said:
"We shall be only too glad to have the
fullest investigation possible of this mat
ter. If it is desired, it may be investigated
here or in Congress or anywhere else. If
necessary articles of impeachment should
be drawn up against me and the matter
tested to the end.
'•The facts in the matter briefly stated
are that the department last year bought
more seed of tbi3 firm than of any other.
Of the grand total of seed bought by the
department last year to the value of £ltf,
--830 we bought of the Northrup-Braslan-
Goodwin Compaay seed to the value of
£.'9,683.
"If we bad bought the seed this spring
of the Northrup-Braslan-Goodwin Com
pany under precisely the same contract
that we bought of Landreth, and their seed
under the contract proved no better than
that they sold us last year, their contract
price for it would be $48,000 instead of
$64,000, the amount which they bid."
Death of a Jfotea Physician.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 11.— Dr.
James Jay Mapes, one of the best known
among the younger physicians in this city,
died yesterday at Saranac Lake after an
illness of ten months. Dr. Mapes, who
was a son of Charles V. Mapes and the
nephew of Mrs. Mary Mapes-Dodge, waa
29 years old and graduated from Columbia
College eight years ago. He was well
known as an athlete during hia college
course.
He had won considerable fame as a doc
tor when he became ill with consumption
His younger brother, Herbert Mapes a
famous intercollegiate athlete, waa
drowned while bathing at Fire Island four
years ago. He was one of live brother*
four of whom have held intercollegiate
records.US TO DUELS
AND DISHONOR
German Nobles Stirred Up
Over the Latest
Shooting.
COURT OF ARBITRATION.
Attempts Will Be Made to Settle
Disputes and Prevent Fatal
Encounters.
BARON YON SCHRADER EXPIRES
Count yon Kotze and the Seconds
Expect to B2 Confined in a
Fortress.
BERLIN, Gebmahy, April 11.— The an
nual congress of the German Adelstag
(the nobility) was convened to-day.
Among the questions discussed of spe
cial interest to the aristocracy of Germany
was that of the duelio apropos of the inci
dents which are now exciting society ana
the general public alike. This question
was discussed exhaustively, and it was
finally resolved as the result of the debate j
that it is not a brand of dishonor fora j
nobleman to refuse to tight a duel if the j
grounds of bis refusal are honorable. It!
was also agreed to appoint a court of honor !
\ :i \v to the regulation of such dif
ferences as have hitherto been referred to
the duel conn, which had as its fixed prin- i
ciple the settlement of disputes by pistol :
or rapier. This pronouncement, together
with the growing force of current opinion
in regard to the code duello, may have the
to modify the existing custom, but
it is doubtful whether it will be efficacious ]
in < radicating it, us it is generally felt that '
the custom is too tirnily fixed.
The Emperor's prohibitory order against
ng has utterly failed to lessen the
tics; indeed, dueling has been more
frequent since the issuance of the Kaiser's
decree than evr before.
The duel which was fought between
Lieberecht yon Kotze and Baron yon
Schrader near Potsdam yesterday fur
nishes an instance of the difficulty of get
ting a quarrel settled by means of a court
of honor. The friends of both of these
princi] ■ were unceasing in their efforts
to prevent a tight, but courts of honor com
posed of officers of two regiments, instead
of making an attempt to reach a pacific
settlement of the affair, decided that Yon
Kotze ought to accept a challenge from
Yon Schrader. Yon Kotze used this
method of settling his charges against Yon
Bchrader, whereupon these courts decided
tbat in the event of his refusal to accept
the challenge he must at once cease to be
an officer.
The Emperor at this juncture inter
. urfrinir Baron yon Schrader to re- ■
• pt the decision of the courts of j
honor, whi.e near relatives of both the !
disputants entreated them not to engage |
in a duel for fear oi the sociitl odium that
would attach to the encounter. The
le i,:<- that the leading section of so
ciety would cut them, however, finally
compelled them to tight.
Baron yon Schrader died from his wound
_-iiT.
Yon Kotze confidently expects to be im
prisoned in a fortress for his part in the
duel. His second in the duel, Captain yon
Kotze. and yon trchrader's second, General
yon Bissing, will also be sent to a fortress
without doubt. The publicare now asking
tin- question whether the Emperor will
take other measures to show his displeas
ure and his discountenance of future
dueling.
The Yossische Zeitung, in an article on
the subject, says:
"When high Court sets an example of
law-breaking it is mockery to asicl the
people to unite in a struggle to defend
>□ and morality. Yon Kotze has
more affairs cf the same kind on hand.
there be more victims and nothing
dune to prevent these sacrifices? Can the
rters of dueling believe that the
of such an encounter proves that one
r. 'in batant is right and the other wrong?
It is a liurbarous reference to the ordeal
and <lis-j_ r r:tceful to modern ideas, making
the aristocracy contemptible in the eyes of
the social democracy. 7 '
celebrated Professor Langerhaus,
al director of the Moabite Hospital,
who startled Berlin by causing the follow
ing announcement to be published in the
ra on Wednesday, "Our darling
Ernest, aged 21 months, died suddenly in
perfect health in consequence of an injec
tion of Dr. Behring's diphtheria serum,"
fol loved up bin statement by a repetition
of the publication together with an an
nouncement giving the date and place of
the funeral, all of which was printed in
lnr^e type.
Ttip publications created a degree of ex
citement which has reached beyond med
icaJ circles, and a lively discussion of the
raauer is now going on in the press. The
body of the child is still in possession of
the authorities, who at once seized it after
the father's announcement. Immediately
after the death of his son Professor Lan
gerhaus sealed a phial containing the
Btrum used in giving the alleged fatal in- i
jection. The professor states that his son j
was in strong health and was inoculated i
with serum merely as a precaution, a j
maid in the family having dipth- '
theria, and he having lost two children in
95 from the same disease. The adherents i
of Dr. Beiiringa^k fora suspension of pro- j
tnal judgment and a calming of the !
public mind until the cause of the death
of the child is proved.
It is learned from an inner course that
the Emperor's desire that the Prince of
Fuerhtenberg shall accept the office of
Chiei Marshal of the imperial court is
associated with his intention to appoint
trim in succession to Prince Hohenlohe,
the Imperial Chancellor. This is taken
us a sign that the hitter's influence Is wan
ing.
The Hamburg Correspondenz alleges
that a difference exists between Chancellor
yon ilohenlohe and Dr. Miquel, the Prus
-Bion Minister of Finance, over the conver
sion of the Prussian fours. The truth la
that the Prussian Cabinet agreed to the
conversion as he proposed. Dr. Miquel is
aware that the attacks which are being
made upon him emanate from underlings
la the Foreign Office, and he treats tLem
as harmless.
Hon. p:dwin F. TJhl, the newly appointed
I'nited States Embassador, is greatly an
annoyed and highly indignant at see.ng in
Doing always what we promise in our adver-
tisements has given to us the confidence of
the buying public.
J*ive
%^ C l/v
Sf you will serve your
own interests wellj you J^^i^^j^l
will be to the big store mSSm mltik
! early this week it'sao* Wmmi^to.
ing to prove interesting. lS ffi^BW W
We're going to make TjfT Jffl
it a point this week to
dress you up in the 'iSiMSfeJ«CTr
height of fashion at the £11111111
smallest price we have rag&flfea
life' II show up a remarkably |Br^'''f'*'--^BP
swell line of Iftlue and tftlack fivl i«Tp*S
Cheviot Suits, in single and HM[ te Be- >^
double breasted sacks, for just a W& : r [. BC= T JsSl
j/^6>r/ period at hL-
Uhese Suits at $5 are won- H 1 B^ffl
: o'rrj. ZJhey' re cleverly tailored |hK fi Is
garments, tailored right in the V Wk B
height of fashion ; they' lt cost 9 JfIHTjS
double the money in other stores. fiHlßßwSpgriJg
7/othi ng ails 'em whatsoever/ ilßHßßlß^^^^^^Mfc
/V'j o/?/y <7 desire on our part to —J^jT^TS^^^^C^^L-w
j<?(? /om> ridiculously low we can BMJP *-i *i^ l» ' *^l^g(
quote a price and how big a ■ i^^^^^^^^^^ —^^^^™^^^**
crowd we can get in our store.
$5. 00.
t/zaphaet's
(jncomporated), '
Vhat S&ig Store With the Smallest of Prices.
the Lokal Anzeiger a bogus interview with
himself and Mrs. UnJ ir. which they are
represented as saying things that they had
never dreamed of. He and his wife, he in
foriyd The United Press representative,
exchanged a few conventional phrases
with a man on board the steamer Saale,
who introduced himself as an American,
but nothing passed that could possibly
form the skeleton of an interview.
One of the finest private collections of
pictures in Germany, the renowned
Schoenlank gallery, will be sold at auction
at Cologne on April 23 and 29. The collec
tion consists of 220 paintings, including
works of Titian, Rembrandt, Rubens,
Vandyck, Paul Veronese, lluysdael, Guyps
and others.
KILLED 2J* AX JiXPLOSZOX.
Six Men Perish in a Montana Mini-
aster.
BUTTE, Mont., April 11.— By an explo
sion in the St. Lawrence mine this morn
ing six men lost their lives. They are Con
G. Lowney, John Quinlan, Ed Shields,
James Dwyer, John .McVeigh and Patrick
O'Rourke.
Just how the explosion occurred is not
known, a.« the only ones in the vicinity at
the time were the dead. Lowney andQuin
ian were undoubtedly killed instantly by
the explosion. The other four men were
suffocated by foul air. The wreckage must
be tunneled before the bodies can be
reached.
KANSAS EDITORS FIGHT
At the Fifth Shot an Innocent
Bystander Falls Mortally
Wounded.
Fatal Culmination of a Bitter Rivalry
Over Country Print
ing.
WELLINGTON, Kaxb., April 11.— A
dreadful tragedy was enacted at South
Haven, in this county, yesterday. It was
the culmination of a bitter war between
rival newspaper editors, and Charles
Branscomb, editor of the South Haven
New Era, was the innocent victim.
Robert Simmons, editor of the Cald well
News, and A. A. Richards, editor of the
Wellington Daily Mail, became involved
in a newspaper fight over the county
printing about a year ai;o, and recently
both have indulged in bitter personalities.
A recent article in the Mail especially
severe on the editor of the News pro
voked the encounter.
Simmons and his sick wife were on the
northbound 'Frisco accommodation yes
terday, en route home, and when the train
stopped at Souih Haven for passengers,
Simmons stepped to the depot platform.
A. A. Richards and Charles Branscomb
met him there by chance. Richards and
Simmons quarreled, and both became
wildly excited, drawing revolvers and tir
ing at each other. At the fifth shot lirans
comb fell forward, exclaiming: "My God,
I'm shot ."
Bystanders rushed in and disarmed the
rivals, and an examination showed that
Branscomb was fatally wounded. He lin
gered until to-night.
No arrests have yet been made. It is
not known which man fired the fatal shot.
Bran-comb was a warm personal friend of
Colonel Richards. The affair has created
a profound sensation.
/■< «•»•.<■(* hit the yiatabeltt.
BULUWAYO. South Africa, April 11.—
Captain Brand, in command of a column
which is at a point thirty miles distant
from here, has sent a request for help, he
being pressed by tho Matabeles. Captain
MacFarlane and 230 men will go to the
assistance of the column.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
SLOW ADVANCE
IN THE SOUDAN
English Forces Hampered by
Poor River Service
and Forage.
ABSORBS THE RESERVE.
Egyptian Funds Will Be All
Consumed Before Contact
With Dervishes.
BUILDING FORTS IN THE HILLS.
Active Operations Cannot Be Started
Before the Middle of
July.
LONDON, Exg., April 11.-As far aa it
has gone, the Soudan expedition is disap
pointing to the War Office and the Gov
ernment. Dispatches are Eent daily from
Cairo praising the rapidity of the move
ments at the front and the completeness
of the preparations. The truth, as known
at the War Office, which is sustained by
private advices, is that the advance be
yond Assouan is excessively alow, being
hampered by deficient river service and
want of forage. The worst feature for the
Government is the enormous and unex
pected expenditures that have been and
are yet to be made.
Lord Cromer, the British diplomatic
agent at Cairo, advises that it will be early
necessary to draw upon the Egyptian
treasury for £1,000,000 in addition to the
£500,000 already drawn, and this fact ren
ders it probable that the entire reserve of
the Egyptian debt commission will be ul
timately absorbed in preparations before
there is an actual contract with the Der
vishes. No authority ventures to specu
late as to what will happen when the re
serve is exhausted.
Until September the only forward move
ment from Akasheh that is likely to be
made will be to Firket, ten miles up the
river. This will be merely due to the dis
covery that Akasheh is a bad strategic
point. The place is surrounded by low
hills commanding the camp, and for this
reason it has already been found advisable
to form a chain of forts in the hills. The
sanitation of the camp is bad. The mer
cury reaches an average of 106 de;;. in the
shade and this extreme heat impedes the
work of even the Fellaheen laborers. At
Wady-Halfa a large number of men be
longing to the North Staffordshire Regi
ment have been invalided by the heat.
That no operations of importance are in
tended daring the summer is evident from
the fact that General Sir Redvers Buller is
reported to have been nominated for the
chief command of the expedition. He
will not leave England until July, when
the campaign will be fairly entered upon.
The Nile will be the sole line of advance.
Lord Wolseiey, the commander-iu-chief of
By giving you the biggest dollars worth
you've rewarded us with your trade,
woven
2/ou'vo heard of the
Ohis is one of 'em. M%(&&B&SaY Jt£ mk
small price for a choice V V J V
Suit, but we're going ,Jffißß^
y/W you an awfully
large pick from a very
Zthis offer at $7 contains all BSHJafc T»
Mojff pretty Sftlue and WSP^fe' 1
SB lack rye Cheviots in sinyle Sf •C 3 1
and double breasted sacks, also H| i-, • | I
/« cutaways. WmaSk V i^-i
Zfhen there's a very choice W&m' N- Jgi
pickiny of those pretty Scotches jagg i BW
/// liyht and medium colorinys; si A hlh
*><?ry swell yarments, in sinyle *%M Km HI
awo' double breasted sacks. WaP mm wHH
Uhere's yarmenis in this as- IWlfffßSsSSrePTli
sortment that double the price flPW|P|j^^ffl^WWW^L
won't touch 'cm in other stores. B^!SSr^g*iBl«BlWllklilj«>S^i
{W? know it,' we believe you HHMMHEBHHMBM^^BiMHHi^B
know it too.
0 / 0 UUO
(incorporated),
. Uvie Frisco SSoyx
«?, //^ /*? er77^ /5 jffearny Street.
the British force?, has decided against a
march across the long stretch of desert be
tween Suakim, the Red Sea and the Ber
ber.
Kruffer and Chamberlain.
LONDON, Exg., April 11.— The com
munications that are passing between
Chamberlain and President Kruger, will,
when published, be found to be models of
franK and direct statement on the part of
the former and of diplomatic finesse, veiled
with an air of simplicity, on the part of the
latter.
The representative of The United Press
is able to predict, on thoroughly reliable
information, that Mr. Chamberlain will
come out of the negotiations with a high
reputation. Throughout the communica
tions he has not budged from his public
declarations to adhere to the Anglo-Boer
convention of 1884, while respecting the
internal independence of the republic.
Whether the country will ultimately
confirm Chamberlain's policy is doubtful,
but it is impossible that the developments
will show him to have been duped by
President Kruger. The present clause era
powers the Transvaal to conclude treaties
with foreign powers, subject to the veto of
Great Britain. This clause Chamberlain
has sought to have altered by making
Great Britain a party to the treaties on
lines similar to those existing in
the case of Great Britain and her
colonies. With regard to the protec
tion of foreinn residents of the republic,
Chamberlain continues to recommend that
franchise be given to them after rive years,
and also recommends autonomy for the
Rand, the measures there adopted to be
subject to the veto power of the President.
To none of these proposals has President
Kru^er definitely assented. The position
just misses a deadlock through the 'shifti
ness of the Pretoria Government. A re
port is credited that Chamberlain has asked
the assent of his colleagues to a proposal
not to wait for the decision of the Volks
road regarding the visit of Kruger to
London, but to send a plenipotentiary to
Pretoria as a last effort to arrange the
terms of settlement.
EXPVtiSIOX OF KNAJPP.
Great Secrecy Was Maintained by the
Turkish Officials.
LONDON, Exo., April 11.— Sun
publishes a Constantinople dispatch to a
news agency here stating that the Turkish
officials at Bitlis received orders from per
sons in high authority to expel the Rev.
G. P. Knapp, the American missionary,
from that place. The . dispatch further
states that but for Mr. Ilampson, the
British Consul at Bitlis. the expulsion of
Knapp would not have been known until
he had reached Alexandretta. As it was
the matter had been conducted so secretly
that Missionary Knapp had been ex
pelled from bitlis a week before Mr.
Hampson became aware of the fact. Ow
ing to the bad condition of the roads, the
dispatch adds, Mr. Kuapp was unable to
take his family.
Examination* for Promotion.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 11.— By
direction of the Secretary of "War Lieuten
ant-Colonel Evan Miles, First Infantry,
and Major Tully McCrea, Fifth Artillery,
are detailed as members of the examining
board convened at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, to relieve Captains Charles Morris
and Ellbiidpie P.. Hills, Fifth Artillery,
during the examination of Captains Con
stant Williams, Seventh Infantry; Edward
G. Mathey, Seventh Cavalry, and Erasmus
C. Gilbreth, Eleventh Infantry. After
these examinations shall have been con
cluded Captains Morris and Hills will re
sume their seats on the board and Lieu
tenant-Colonel Miles will return to his
proper station.
fatal Collision of Torpedo- Itoata.
WILHELMSHAVEN, Germany, April
11.— Two torpedo-boats collided off this
port this afternoon. One of the boats sank
almost immediately and five of the crew
were drowned. The other boat was badly
damaged. The boats were making trial
trips when the collision occurred.
OPERATIONS OF
THE INSURGENTS.
Aggressiveness of Patriots
Who Are Fighting for
Freedom.
MANY TOWNS ATTACKED
Spanish Troops Trying to Pre
vent Maceo From Crossing
the Trocha.
SAY THE LEADER IS DOOMED.
Nevertheless the Daring Cubans Enter
Havana Province When They
Please.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 11 (via Key
We3t, Fla., April 11). — The insurgent
forces operating in many parts of the
island have been aggressive the past week.
Half a dozen towns in Havana province
alone have been attacked. The troops in
variably remain safely cooped up in forts,
allowing the rebels full swing. All avail
able Spanish troops are stationed on the
Trocha between Mariel and Majana to pre
yent the return of Maceo to Havana.
A score of small parties of insurgents
united with Lacrete'B column and others
from the east have gathered on the Havana
side of the line with the apparent inten-.
tion of aiding Maceo to cross. The
Spaniards are satisfied that Maceo is
dooniod. The Cubans say he can cross
when he pleases. The Spaniards have
25,000 men along the line. Maceo has
10,000 in his column; 5000 others are west
and about 5000 east of the line.
Aside from these operations 3000 insur
erents have appeared fifteen miles east of
Havana. Their purpose is not clear.
Gomez is reported in the vicinity of the
Puerto Principe line. One object of his
march east is to receive arms and ammu
nition landed on the recent trip of the
Commodore on the north coast of Cama-
guey.
Reports received from reliable sources
state that General Melguizo, Colonels Mo
tina and Tort and others continue killing
peaceable Cubans. Melguizo is said to have
killed nine employes on estates in the
vicinity of Campo Florido. Afterward,
boasting of the deed, he said: "The pa
cificos are the worst kind of rebels. All
should be swept off."
General Prats' column operating against
Lacrete had a skirmish with the rear
guard of the rebels on April 2 on Nievez
estate near Limonar, Matanza*. The
estate belongs to a French citizen, M. de
Freville. The rebels reiired without losses.
Colonel Prats, son of the general, was
wounded on the Spanish side. The troops
took four men, colonists on the estate,
from the houses and shot them through
the bodies. The cane fields were fired.
They also burned the residences of the
Our statements are plain. We utter that
which we know to be the truth and the truth
only. False statements can never get into our
columns of advertising.
uen
Jtt S/0 we'll Just
overwhelm you with the jlsSs^^
choicest and swellest jgWKpWj^^
fabrics known to the mjjw fir &
woolen world, Uhe «B 1 ysjk ||
creations and colorings VB gL fflf
are truly artistic/ the
best tailors in town can't *^Sll|lS|fi
equal the tailoring of fllliiillil
these garments y gar- liilfra^a
ments for dress occasion, . illlfireß
business;, in fact suita* HE?^|
ble for all occasions, R?T^^Ti
VJouble is what you' ll W-^l \^\ w
pay elsewhere, EH 1 i B
Hb t\ * it
9?o doubt you'll appreciate BbL \ i^^
this offer at S/0, as it contains ■Ufa JIIhS
some of the very swellest gar- j^^S j Hhhß
ments we have ever shown since HHMg 1 ) Biaml
the dip store opened. aaßPi' n! jjSIRS
Those fine Clay Worsteds, for whirh jfffiwij^ hßJsmjlS
your tailor charges |40, in either the sack jßlßOlM^jjja^Spffi
or that very dressy and swell cutaway BSSwmESmBBSsSmfo.
style. Then there's ho end of those pretty 4PHBBBtM|l|y|yHjUiaH|ftlt|{lfc
Spring Suits in light ani medium color- (^jWaHw<|ji'yillijlHj^^^gL
ings, high-class fabrics, high-class styles, BiiL J^ffTpl^MMJ^jrT?^ -HIB
high-class garments, high in everything ImflA.* J -*aM >.H ■! J A >*3> Jfli
bill price. HMKMH^^^^j^fflßffiaflmlMßSlttCT
The assortment is bewildering and never
have such hi^h garments been sold before
at anything like the price.
S/0 00
ffiaphaet' s
( ijfncorporcttedj
jf JPouse the Srowth of itJhich J£as
Astonished the Oldest Resident.
Vaga Lantigue Lopez colonies, causing
over $3000 damages to the estate. The
men killed were peaceful, unarmed citi
zens. Their names were Jose Quintana,
65 years ; Juan Pino, 70, both lessees of
colonies; Enrique Quintana, 16, and Cecil
Oliver, 22 years, cartmen.
General Prats was in personal command.
His official report says: "Insurgents were
dislodged from their positions in the hills
of the Nievez and Saratoga estates after
one hour's tiring, causing five deaths and
capturing eight horses and effects. Our
force had no losses."
BURSfED BY THE REBELS.
Damagea Asked for the Destruction of
an Estate.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 11.— The Morali- !
tos estate, the property of Manuel Anton
Morales, an American citizen, has been
burned by the rebels and the owner has !
filed a claim with the United States Consul '
for damages in the sum of $200,000. The
San Antonio estate, near Alquizar, owned
by Mamerto Pulido and valued at $500,000,
has also been burned by the insurgents,
and the magnificent Diana estate in the
province of Matanzas, belonging to Count
Diana and worth over $500,000, has like
wise been destroyed by fire.
Fourteen political prisoners were de
ported to Ceuta, a Spanish fort in Mo
rocco containing a convict settlement, yes
terday.
General Suarez Valdez reports that the
rebel leader, Quintin Banderas, made an
attempt to attack Guayabo in Pin ar del
Rio province and was repulsed, leaving
thirty-five dead on the field. The Spanish
troops had one captain wounded. The
rebels also attempted to enter the town of
Candelaria, in the same province, but
were driven off with severe loss.
ASKS FOR MOKE TROOPS.
Weyler Has Sot Ended the War by Any
Meant.
MADRID, Spain, April Captain-
General vVeyler has asked for the iir medi
ate dispatch of 5000 cavalry to Cuba, and
the Minister of War is arranging to send
them at once. The War Office is also con
sidering the question of employing bal
loons in the military service in Cuba. The
naval squadron at Ferrol has gone to Vigo
to begin maneuvers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.-The
State Department this morning received
an official dispatch from Consul-General
\Villiams of Havana, and therefore infer
that the rumor that he had been killed
yesterday was unfounded.
ASHORE OJV YOKASE J»OJJVT.
The British Ship Carnarvonshire Will
Be a Jotal Wreck.
LONDON, Exo., April 11.— The British
ship Carnarvonshire, Captain Hughes,
from San Francisco December 11, for
Queenstown, is ashore on Yokane Point,
near Castletownsend, on the Irish coast.
The ship will probably be a total wreck.
The crew were saved.
The Carnarvonshire was an iron ship of
17'-!7 tons. She was built in Liverpool in
1876, and was owned by Hughes <fe Co. Her
master, Captain Hughes, was one of the
owners. A private dispatch received here
says the crew were saved by boat from the
land.
Castletownsend, where the ship was
wrecked, is on the south coast of Ireland,
three miles from Skibbereen.
COMMERCIAL USIOy.
What Colonial Leaders Think of Cham
berlain'a Suggestion*. ■
LONDON, Eng.;' April 11.— The Statist
has sent letters to the various Colonial
leaders asking their opinion of the recent
I speech of Mr. Chamberlain, Colonial Sec
-1 retary, advocating a commercial union of
I the colonies. In reply to this letter J.
■ Hofmeier, leader of the* Afrikander party,
I has cabled from Cape Town expressing his
i opinion that tne proposal embodies an ex
cellent idea, but he fears that fiscal reasons
will render it impossible at present in
South Africa and many other colonies.
C. C. Kingston, Crown Advocate of
I South Australia, cabled merely that the
j subject ought to be courteously and care
j fuily considered, and Prime Minister Tur
ner of Victoria declined to express an
opinion.
The Australian press is generally hos
tile to the proposal.
Spread of Glanders at Liverpool.
LONDON", Eire., April 11.— A committee
of the Health Board of Liverpool which
has been making inquiries into the subject
alleges that the spread of glanders among
horses in that city is due to the importa
tion of Canadian horses. The committee
is about to urge the Government to take
restrictive action upon the importntion of
such animals. The allegation of the Liv
erpool committee is emphatically denied
by Canadian officials.
• — ♦ — •
The blind are generally possessed of a
singularly acute sense of hearing.
DR. McKENZIE.
The world is on its nerve just now. Every
one is getting nervous— nations and individ-
uals. You see it in the "Chewing-gum Crazo
and in the Nerve Specifics." It is fortunate,
therefore, for mankind that the celebrated
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment can be had by
the rich or poor. This great Nerve Treatment
is not a simple nerve sedative or tonic, but is
really an elaborately prepared nerve treat-
ment, that will build, renew and make over
old, worn-out nerves.
YOU CAN GET
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment at
Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy.
JQY'Q Tidings of reasonable prices at
I /-w/'O Joy's may have reached you. If
JVJY O I10t » "Know thoti then that
lOY'^ Joy's' Baldwin Pharmacy is the
l^^v»jf> reasonable price drug concern
JOY S Jn this city." Why? Because it
IDY'^ pays to sell at reasonable
** y^-\«s^ prices. Have you read of our
JO V S combination prices? They still
lOY'^ exist. You can get them yet.
«J \J I O Wnen you want : something
JOY'S which no other druggist has in
IHV'Q stock, you will find it at "Joy's,"
,Vr"JL'js'- oecause our stock of drugs la
JOY S complete, and "what you get at
; I/^Y *O Joy's is good."
JOY'S JOY'S
JOY;s baldvvis pharmacy,
«J p^^ ~ Under Baldwin Hotel,
JO Y S Powell and Market Sts.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
yflfc_^. Weakness of Body and
(OvL. Mind, Effects of Errors
Y^.Sp/jp^ or Excesses in Old or
JK'-^-i sm Young. Robust, Noble
, Jfir*£JftvX Manhood fully Restored.
8* KHr "" How-, to : ' Enlarge and
flrjfty j^kA Strengthen Wealc, Un-
Jwn?^\fr >r "*^E«3i^ eve c P Portions of
/*wA\Jr^- >^if\\ Body. Absolutely nn-
TxiS&nW&rPs\ \>\l failingHomeTreatment.
' fr^MFViIVM —Benefits •in a day.
Men i testify from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
34
SWEET SINGERS
OF PALO ALTO.
Two Successful Renditions
of the Opera "Said
Pasha."
STUDENTS WIN PRAISE.
Efforts of Professionals Rivaled
by the Amateur Talent
of Stanford.
FERRIS HARTMAN'S DOUBLE.
Clever Performance of the Personator
of Hadad— "Co-Eds" in Harem
Costume.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
11. — The opera "Said Pasha" by Stanford
students, as presented last night and re
peated this evening, was a decided success
and a surprise to most of those who heard
it. There has never been a theatrical
attempt here on a more extensive scale
than this, and none ihat has met with
euch satisfactory results. Last year the
opera "Pinafore" was well rendered by
students, but the chorus was smaller,
the Feenory and costumes less elaborate.
The individual work, too, of the principal
characters was hardly as good and cer
tainly no better than in "Said Pasha."
The scenery w-as the sama as that used
in the Tivoii at San Francisco, a:id con
sidering the fact that there are no arrange
ments for hanging and shifting it in the
Encina gymnasium the work was done in
a surprisingly short space of time. The
longest wait w»s between the first and
second acts, wi.. c the scene changes from
one on shipboard to one in the Rajah's
palace. A specially noteworthy feature of
the performance was the electrical effects.
All the work of wiring the gymnasium for
brilliant lighting dt-volved on E. C. Hay
ward, a student in electrical engineering.
He was assisted by G. R. Greenleaf and
H. T. Copetand,
The participants in this opera have been
rehearsing for the past three months, and
had drilled themselves into their parts by
persistent hard work. Almost the entire
burden of directing the rehearsals and
bringing off the opera was borne by H. D.
Comtek, '97. The fact that there was not
a halt or a break in uny role is the result
of the vigilant work of this director.
The gymnasium was packed to its full
seating capacity both last night and this
evening, and, t ouch the expense 3 were
heavy, Treasurer Hinshell believes the
student body will make something from
the venture. Nearly ail the professors,
with their wives anil families, were on
hand the opening night. Before the cur
tain roiled uji and letween acts the stu
dents amused themselves by whistling fa
vorite airs and "joshing" various indi
viduals in the audience. All "grinds"
and "hits" made by the comedians of the
evening— Baldwin '96 and Dillon '99—
were applauded to the echo and encore after
encore was demanded. The fact that the
final downfall of the curtain didnot take
place until midnight is partly explained
by these numerous encores. Bouquets
were plentiful, and the leading ladies were
well remembered.
In their adaptation of "Said Pasha" the
students introduced many laughable local
hits. One especially appreciated was got
off by NocKey, who is awakened from
a horrible dream by Had aI. Regaining
conciousness under Hadad's violent treat
ment he shivers with horror a:ul ejacu
lates: "I had an awful dream! I thought
we gave a third concert at Fresno!" The
fact that the Glee Club gave two concerts
at Fresno to empty benches on its recent
trip explains the hit, which convulsed the
house.
There were fully seventy students in the
cast, which made the chorus remarkably
fctronc- The effects of Pasraore's voice
training could be heard to pood advantage
la?t evening.
Baldwin and Diilon undoubtedly carried
off the honors of the evening among the
male characters. Baldwin, as Hadad, ren
dered his role with the skill of a Ferris
Hartman, whose interpretation at the
Tivoli Baldwin has been studying for
some time. DUIoI. is a natural comedian,
and though a new student here has already
NEW TO-DAY.
RUIN
MISERY
WHAT WILL BECOME OF THE VOUNQ
MEN OF THE DAY?
Cigarette smoking is one of the evils
which is fast increasing among the young
men of the period. It is an age of nervous-
ness; nervous excitement, nervous weak-
ness and debility is the growing malady of
the day. Minds are over - burdened in
school, the pleasures of social life follow
business worry ; intemperance, sexual ex-
cesses or abuses over excite the already
enfeebled nerves and result in exhausting
diseases or drains upon the nervous system.
It's a drag and a handicap to every
young man to be a sufferer from nervous
debility or weakness, low spirits, irritable
temper, impaired memory, loss of will-
power, and the thousand and one derange-
ments of mind and body that result from
pernicious habits often contracted through
ignorance of nature's laws. The wreck of
constitution, weakened vitality and manly
power, following such habits would be a
sorry ending to life in this splendid age of
learning and labor. It will fast become an
age of unsettled brains and shattered nerves
unless our young men knoza themselves.
To reach, re-claim and restore such
unfortunates to health and happiness is
the aim of the publishers of a book of
136 pages, written in plain but chaste
language, on the nature, symptoms and
curability, by horne -treatment, of ?ueh
diseases. This book will be sent sealed,
in plain envelope, on receipt of tbis nol
tice with ten cents in stamps, for postage.
Address, World's Dispensary Medical As-
sociation, Buffalo, N. Y.
For more than a quarter of a century
physicians connected with this widely
celebrated Institution have made the treat-
ment of the diseases hinted at above their
specialty. Thousands have consulted them
by letter and received advice and medi-
cines which have resulted in permanent
cures.
Sufferers from premature old age. or IOS9
3f power, will find much of interest in the
book above mentioned.
made hiniselt known as a clever amateur
on the stage. He received his training in
Portland theaters.
George Bush '98, as Said Pasha, made a
satisfactory king, and sang in better form
than ordinarily. F. P. Abbott, from an
artistic standpoint, was the best singer of
the evening. His Hassen Bey, the devoted
lover, was a good bit of work; but his
voice lacked fire. Terano was assigned to
W. A. Sutherland, who has a very sweet
voice, but is not certain on i ho upper notes.
Unlike most dashing Mexicans, Suther
land made Terano appear as if suffering
fram a fatal attack of sleepiness and
ennui, while the nervousness of the ideal
hunting Terano was quite perceptible.
Xothing but praise could be given the
female churacters. True, the unaccus
tomed garments bothered the women
somewhat— the traditional vestments of
harem beauties are enough to worry the
nineteenth century maidens— but for all
that tho girls were accorded but merited
praise for their work.
Miss Farrel as Belah Sojah, made the
most of her serio-comic role. She entered
with zest into the delineation of the sus
ceptible female on the wrong side of thirty,
and appeared at ease in her part. Miss
McMillan sang Serena's part in excellent
voice. Miss Mann's interpretation of
Alti was very favorably commented upon.
She has a voice of utmost clearness and
wide range. Her ''make-up M as the
Rajah's daughter was above anticipation.
Taken all in all tbe opera will long be
remembered as another victory for Stan
ford enterprise. The second performance,
given this evening, was better in finish
than that of last evening.
BJLOWX UP WBILE SLEEPISG.
A. lienver Residence Wrecked, hut the. Oe
eupantt JCteape Death.
DENVER, Colo., April 11.— The house
of James W. Ross on Bennett avenue waß
wrecked early this morning by an explo
sion of giant powder placed under the»bed
roomofMr. and Mrs. Ross by some un
known miscreant. The husband and wife
were asleep and escaped death. Agris
Anderson, a young man who is reported
to have b«en keeping company with a girl
in the house ana is also reported to have
threatened her life, was arrested on sus
picion of being the offender.
YOLO JURY DISAGREES
Fails to Reach a Verdict in a
Case Important to Hop-
Growers.
Litigation Affecting Contracts Entered
Into by a San Francisco
Firm.
WOODLAND, Cal.. April 11.— The ca?e
of I'hlrnan & Co., Ban Francisco hop
deaiers.vs. Wylie <fc Casselman, hop-growers
of Yolo County, which has been stubbornly
contested before a jury in the Superior
Court the past three weeks, was concluded
to-day, the jury disagreeing after a ions
wrangle.
Not only were Feveral thousand doliars
involved in the result of the suit, but a3 a
test case it would have affneted hundreds
of hop-growers along the Sacramento
River in this county, under similar con
tracts. In May of la<a year Uhlman <fc
Co. entered into a contract with Wylie &
Casselman to buy their hop* for five years
at 9 ceuts per pound and later advanced
$1700 to be expended for picking. When
the hops were baled Üblman & Co. pent
their a^ent to the ranch. He examined
the hops and declined to take them, on
the ground that they did not come up to
certain conditions named In the contract.
Bait was commenced last August against
Wylie & Casselman to recover the amount
of money advanced on promissory notes,
and an attachment was placed on the hops.
The crop was sold upon un order of the
Superior Court at public auction for 3
cents per pound.
The defendants filed a cross-ccmplaint,
alleging that the notes were given as re
ceipts for the money advanced to them,
and asked for damages in $4UOu, the dif
ference between the sum they had already
received and the amount called for in the
contract.
One of ihe main contentions in the case
was as to the quality and soundness of the
hops, and on this point more than forty
witnesses were examined and niueri con
tradictory testimony adduced. The jury
stood eifjhc for the plaintiffs to three for
the defendants.
PHOENIX DEFALCATION.
County Supervisors Likely to Be Prose
cuted Because of the Peculations
of a Clerk.
PHCEXIX, Ariz., April U.— The Grand
Jury, which met several months a>:o, made
an exhaustive examination of the books of
the various county olticers and charged
the Supervisors with gross carelessness in
spending the county's money, especially
on road work and jaii contracts. The
books of the board were in such bad shape
that the jury could not check them up in
the limited time it had to work, but it rec
ommended the dismissal of Clerk E. B.
KirKland and the appointment of a more
competent person. This was done. The
jury brought in no indictment against
the Supervisors and, consequently, some
of the heaviest taxpayers of the* county
formed a Citizen's Leacue to make further
inveotitrations and take such steps as
seemed necessary for redress.
It was soon discovered that Clerk Kirk
land was a defaulter to tue amount of $750,
but nis friends returned this sum to the
county and he was not prosecuted. Since
that time other shortages have been dis
covered from time to time, which will in
crease the total defalcation to about $1000.
Kirkland has left the county.
The league has been working secretly
and holding weekly meeting* and on Mon
day the result of the investigations is to
be made public. It is learned on goou
authority that it had been decided to be
gin a criminal action agaiuat the Super
visors.
TOMOXA ■ GRAXGK MEETS.
Gathering of Farmer* of ban Joaquin
County at /Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cai... April 11.— There was
a gathering of farmers from a!l parts of
tue county at Fraternal Hall this morn
ing, the occasion being a special meeting
of Pomona Grange, which is made up of
all the subordinate granges in this section.
C. W. Norton, the master of the grange,
was the first speaker, and he was followed
by Waiter Greer, worthy master of the
Plate (trangp. who spoke briefly, and then
intioduced Past Muster Daniel Flint of
Sacramento, the speaker of the day.
Flint's suhjec*, was, "The Declaration of
Purposes of the Grange." From the
declaration oi r>rinciples the speaker went
to the benefits that had accrued to all
those joining the grange, and shoved that
much more intelligent farming had re
sulted from the work of the organization.
The farmers had been brought closer to
gether, Jie said, and had learned much
from the frequent meetings of the progress
in Otfa t places, of new machinery for cul
tivating ihe soil, and in this way had re
ceived practical benefit, as well as enjoyed
ihe social features connected with the
grange meetings.
In the afternoon Professor Wickson of
the State University addressed the meet
ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 12, 1896.
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
Arizona's Convention Must
Decide a Maricopa
Contest/
SEEKERS FOR OFFICE.
Governor Franklin Besieged by
a Horde of Hungry
Candidates.
PLACER COUNTY'S DELEGATES.
William McKinley Their Choice for
President— A Surprise at
Woodland.
PBCENIX, Ariz., April 11.— The politi
cal pot is boiling in Arizona. Last night
the winjr of the Republican party led by
Kditor Wolfley of the Daily Republican
held a caucus to select delegates to the
county convention, called for April 15.
But one ticket was voted for, the other
wing of the party Having held a primary
on the Bth. There will undoubtedly be
two sets of delegates from this county to
the Territorial convention, as two county
conventions are to meet, on the 14ih and
15th, and both "will select delegates to the
Territorial convention.
Both sides threaten to carry the contest
up to the St. Louis convention if neces
sary. Unless a compromise is effected
there will be lively times among the mem
bers oi the party.
OiHee-seekers are already besieging
Governor Franklin, but if he has inti
mated to any one what his course will be
they have kept it a close secret. It is ru
mored that Thomas Smith, an old Demo-
!ic warhorse. would like to be Terri
il Treasurer, and has secured the aid
luitor Wolrley in working for the ap
itment. In return Smitn is to use his
lencc to have Wolflay appointed as the
üblican member of the Board of Con
whicu manages the affairs of, and
urscs all the money for the support of
'erritorial institutions. Thi-< board is
posed of the Governor, Auditor and
cituen member appointed by theGov
ir.
ivate Secretary Burnett has been tak
in inventory of supplies in the Gov-
I ernor's office and finds but a few penhoid-
I ers and ink wells, but no stationery. It is
claimed that the allowance of $.300 by the
Legislature and $500 by the United States
I for contingent expenses has been ex-
Uausted and yet ti:ere are several months
to run, during which time Governor Frank
lin ■will have to buy his own postage
stamps and stationery. Territorial Treas
urer Cole has published a statement to-day
showing the neat sum of $132,000 on hand,
but owing to legal complications the gen
j eral fund cannot be drawn on at present.
; County School Superintendent Crouse to
■ day apportioned some $20,000 among the
school districts of Maricopa County to pay
, teachers' salaries.
♦- ■
FLACUR COUXTX JPZATFOJBU.
Jttpublicana. favor McKinley and In
dorse Grove X,. Johnson.
AUBURN, Cal., April 11.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee met to
day and appointed the following delegates
to the State convention: C. F. Reed, F. P.
Tuttle, John'M. Fulweiler, H. T. Power,
! 11. C. Trippett, J. M. E. Manley, T. J.
! Nichols, Allen Towle and Edward Polifka.
i The delegates will stand on the following
j resolutions :
Eaolved, That this committee, representing
; the Republicans of Placer County, wblle pledg-
I ing in advance their loyal support to the Re
, publican nominee for President of the United
! Mates, whoever he may be, hereby express
i their preference for the Hon. William McKin-
I ley of Onio for such, nomination, and the dele
i gates appointed by this committee to represent
tnia county in the State and district conven
tions art- hereby requested to use every honora
ble and reasonable endeavor to secure the elec
tion of delegates to the National Convention
who will be favorable to the nomination of
said William MeKiniey.
Betdved, That the .Republican party of Placer
County takes pleasure in presenting as a can
j didate for delicate to the National Convention
; trom the Second Congressional District one of
] its ablest and most distinguished members—
( the Hon. Jacob H. Neff— and the delegates from
this county are requested to use every honora-
I ble endeavor to secure his selectiouas a dele
i gate to such convention.
i Rtso'.vcd, That, reposing confidence in our
able representative in Congress, the Hon.
I (irove L. Johnson, and believing he will faiih
! fully and ably represent the people of this
: county und district in the National conven
tion, our delegates to the district convention
are requested to use all honorable efforts to
I secure hi* selection as a delegate to that con
vention.
RtMived, That our delegates are also re
quested to support proper resolutions in the
State and d siriot conventions in favor of the
free coinage of silver, the product of the mines
of the tinted States of America, and also to
vote for instructions directing our delegation
in thy National convention to make an earnest
and dignified contest for the proper recogni
tion of silver in the National platform.
SASTA ROSA CONTEST.
Street Commi»»ioner Com ad Mefusea to
Vacate Mis Office.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April. Politi
cal circles were profoundly stirred this
afternoon when it was definitely known
that D. W. Cozad bad filed a complaint
contesting the election of John McMinn
to the office of Street Commissioner.
The complaint Is short and to the point,
alleging that McMinn, the Democratic
nominee, and Carleton, the Republican
nominee, were members of the American
Protective Association, and that just be
fore the election the two candidates agreed
to pool their issues to defeat Cozad, who
was then the holder of the office and in the
field again, independent of party ties. The
complaint fanner declares that to procure
the indorsement of the American Protec
tive Association McMinn paid to Carleton
a sum of money and airreed to give him a
place on the street work; that Carleton ac
cepted the money and offer of work and in
return induced his irieuds to vote for Mc-
I Minn. Cozad charges that McMinn's
statement of expenses did not include the
amount paid to Carleton.
Cozad has refused to .give up the tools
and supplies of his office and says he has
proof lor all of his allegations. Judge
Crawford fixed on April 29 as a special day
on which to hear the case.
WOODLAAI* PRIMARY,
The American Protective Association
Carrie* the Unit.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 11. — The
American Protective Association in Wood
land is jubilant to-night over the primary
election held to-day in this city. Of the
twenty-six delegates to the county con
vention, all but two are members of the
local association, and these two were in
dorsed by the order.
Through some mistake the chairman of
the Republican County Central Committee
failed to call a public caucus prior to the
election, and the customary slate was not
in evidence. This morniner they consid
ered it too late to caucus. But it" was dif
ferent with the American Protective Asso
ciation. Three hundred of its Republican
members secretly caucused on the evening
previous to the election, systematically
arranged their plans and appointed their
ward committees with the result that they
carried the day without opposition.
Imps Pursue a Vancouver Inebriate.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 11.— James
Logan, a whisky-demented inmate of the
City Hospital, during a period of acute
hallucination last night escaped from his
ward and ascending to the attic jumped to
the sidewalk, thirty feet below, fracturing
an arm and dislocating nn ankle. Logan's
perilous leap was to escape forty red devils
who were in hot pursuit.
To Represent Merced.
MERCED, Cal., April 11.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee to-day
appointed C. H. Gary, W. J. Jameson and
A. F. Pedrerie delegates to the Seventh
Congressional Convention which is to be
held at Modesto on May 4. The same
gentlemen will also serve as delegates to
the State convention at Sacramento.
Santa Barbara County Delegates.
LOS OLIVOS, Cal., April IL— The Peo
ple's Party County Convention assembled
and elected J. Morgan member of the State
Ceuiral Committee. J. Morgan, Addi-
Bon Powell, J. A. Wilcox and W. B. Gray
were chosen delegates to the State conven
tion at Sacramento.
Recalled from Seattle I
SEATTLE, Wash., April 11.— Sir Staf
ford Northcote, having received notice
from England of the sudden death of his
mother-in-law, Lady Mount-Steuhens, left
to-day for Vancouver, where he will take
the Canadian Pacific to New York and
thence to London. It was his intention
to have made a three or four months' tour
in this country.
Gila Bend Xand Allotted.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 11.— The Govern
ment has just completed the allotment of
the Gila Bend Papago Indian Reservation
to the Indians who are occupying it.
About 7000 acres of land were ailottd, in
10-acre tracts, to each man, woman and
child who made application. It is rich
agricultural land and is watered from the
Giia River.
SAVED TO SANTA CRUZ
The Cooper Courthouse Site Still
Remains in Possession of
the City.
Court Held in a Quaint Shanty That
Smacks cf the Early
Fifties.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 11.— When
Judge Logan instructed Sheriff Besse to
announce the convoking of the Superior
Court fur Santa Cruz County this morn
ing he looked about the narrow room of
his temporary courthouse and .-miled. The
humor of the situation seemed to have
caught the audience, among which were
the members of the Board of Supervisors.
The neat little shanty hastily put together
for the preservation of the title to the land
gift from the Cooper estate stands in the
shadow of the new brick and stone struc
ture in course of construction and looks
more like a contractor's toolhouse than a
place for holding court. There was prac
tically no work to be done by the court to
day.
One small order was made and Clerk Ed
Martin was instructed to enter an order
declaring the removal of the court from
the Hotaling building on Front btreet to
the present abode of justice. When court
adjourned it was until Monday next, and
on that day the regular business will pro
ceed as usual.
The half hunched spectators who looked
upon the proceedings this morning seemed
divided in sentiment between the serious
and jocular aspect of a situation that ne
cessitates the holding of court in this
small wooden building.
It reminded many of them of the days
of the uioneer courts, though the carpeted
floor and papered walls reflected a chancre.
The more serious passed upon the causes
that have made this wooden building a
necessity, and regretted that Santa Cruz
County had suffered the indignity of un
necessary delay. Another cause for delay
in the construction of the new building
came up to-day in the refusal of the terra
cotta workers to proceed with extra work
in the lining of the vaults until Superin
tendent Beck shall guarantee their pay
ment. This difference will probably be
adjusted by Monday and the work proceed.
THE XL WACO OUTRAGE.
Oregon Fishermen to He Punished for
Tiestroyiny Salmon Traps.
PORTLAND, Oregon, April 11.—Gover
not James H. McGraw of Washington and
Governor Lord of Oregon met in this city
to-day to confer in regard to ways and
means of procedure in bringing to jus
tice the perDetrators of the ouirage at the
mouth of the Columbia River where, it is
claimed, the property of citizens of Wash
ington was destroyed by men coining from
the State of Oregon.
"My talk with Governor Lord," said
Governor McGraw in an interview to
night, "haa been eminently satisfactory,
be being emphatic in bis declaration that
the Jaw will be enforced, and that such
persons who may have participated in the
destroying of rbh traps at Ilvvaco will be
grompily secured on requisition. The
herirf and Prosecuting Attorney of Pacific
County are prepared to identify any of the
principals, from the showing made by
Pacific County'B Sheriff. I considered it
my duty to send sufficient force of militia
to administer the law and protect property.
In this Governor Lord agrees with me.""
NEW TO-DAT.
For Spring Colds.
* The most tantalizing of all are the *
* colds of spring. Influenza, with its ♦
* running rivulets, requiring the ever- ♦
* ready handkercnief in hand, and so *
•dangerous after the lone siege of*
•winter, the system is in just the*
* condition for La Grippe, and the •
* slightest carelessness iv dress or*
* exposure may bring on the chill, ♦
* nain in the head, or backache, the •
* first symptoms of Grip or Pneurao- *
* nia. ♦
* "77" is a shield between you and ♦
•danger. AVhen taken in time it*
* never fails to ward off the disease *
* and is a positive cure for Colds, •
* Grip, Influenza, Catarrh, Pains in •
* ihe Head or Chest, Cough, Sore •
•Throat, General Prostration and*
* Fever. ♦
* Sold by drarglsts or sput prepaid upon •
•receipt of pric«>. 26 cents, or live for $1. •
' May be assor:«;d. Humphrey's Medicine •
* Company, m William St., Y. •
PUENTE OUTLAWS
UNDER ARREST.
Alleged Slayers of John
Hayes Jailed at Los
Angeles.
ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER
Two Susp?cts Held to the Su
perior Court Without
Bail.
SHERIFF BUEE'S DISCOVEEY.
Finds Clothing Corresponding to That
Worn by the Postoffice
Robbers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 11.— The
murderers of Postmaster John Hayes Jr.
of Puente have been captured ; at least,
two brothers are in the County Jail
charged with the offense. They are B. W.
and Georg* D. Ming, residents of Puente.
Sheriff Burr brought the prisoners with
him yesterday evening upon his return
from the scene of the tnuredy. He kept
tneir names and the fact of their arrest
for the murder secret until to-day, as he
was not altogether satisfied that he had
the right men. To-day, however, he filed
complaints against them and had them
formally arraigned for the murder before
Justice Young, who held them for exami
nation without bail.
The Ming brot era are laborers and have
lived at Puente for many years. Their ac
quaintance and former association with
the Cummings desperadoes of El Monte
directed suspicion toward them. An oil
coat, a linen duster and a white hat, cor
responding to those worn by the robbers,
were found at their house, and were the
primary cause of their arrest. Other cir
cumstantial evidence has been unearthed,
but they steadily protest their innocence.
The murdered man's body was shipped
to San Francisco to-day.
JbSESSO COUXTi ASRESXB.
Hench Warrants Served Upon Four A.I
leyrti Timber Thieves.
FRESNO, Cal.. April 11.— As the result
of an investigation recently made by Spe
cial Government Agent Brockenbach, in
specting the illegal cutting of timber on
Government land among the foothills and
mountains of this county, bench warrants
from Los Angeles hay? been served on Al
fred Hacker, P. A. Williams, Henry Pero
and Wi'liam Swiggott. These were lately
indicted by Federal Grand Jury. They,
together with fourteen witnesses, were
taken to Los Angeles this afternoon.
These are only a few of the number bound
over to tne Federal Grand Jury by United
States Commissioner Prince of this city.
There seems to be a determination on the
part of the authorities to check the unlaw
ful cutting and hauling away of timber,
which has been going on for many years.
new to-dat:
§ THE OWL
DRUC CO.,
MfUT ATE
UJI-IWIIL
DRUGGISTS!
- - '"iHihjif
1120 AX.A.ft.ECXyX I SI 1 .,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Broadway and TentU St., Oakland.
ALWAYS KELIABtiE. . NEVER FAILS.
DR. IRA BAKER'S COUGH BALSAM,
Tar and Wild Cherry,
THE IDEAL COUGH REMEDY forCHILDREN,
25c A BOTTLE.
SEASONABLE GOODS!
Paine's Celery Compound .....\ 60c
Hood's. Joy's, Ayers' iSftrsapanlJa *."' 65c
Lydiu l'iukhiim's Compound ' 75c
Ciuicura Resolvent '.* 70 c
Painter's Coca Win«> and Celery Compound 85c
i arner's gftfe Kidney ma Liver Care.. ... 85c
Bauer's Kidney and Liver Cure "85c
Piso Cough Cure " " ooc
Allen's Pure Malt Whisky... .".'."". "*'b5 C
Canadian Club Whisky..'.... "" '.'.'.'! stinii
Stanford's Vina Brandy... " Si 00
Syrup i-igs ..." v 35c
Williams' Pink Pills 35c
Scott's Syrup Hypoiihosphites..','.'.'.! *...".*."" BSc
Fellows' Syrup liypophosphiies ""si 00
Barclay's Periodical Pills . '*•> 00
Chicnester's Pennyroyal Pi 115...... ......!""* .$1 50
Pacific Coast Agents for Dr. Edison's
OBESITY REMEDIES,
Bands, Salts, Pills.
r ROSE CARNIVALS
— AND A—
VENETIAN WATER
CARNIVAL
will swell the great tide of merry-
making to sweep over the State this
season.
N SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
Is Programmed for
April 30, May 1 and 2.
The charming City of Roses Is very
W much at home with this favored
Q - flower, and her pride in its exhibi-
flower, and her pride in its exhibi-
-0 tion, is surpassed only by her
B amazing wealth of roses.
VSAN MATEO COUNTY'S
AT ROSE CARNIVAL
\l is to be held at Redwood City on the
~ DATES NAMED ABOVE, and it will
be abundantly proven that San Mateo
knows all about roses.
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
L is announced for June 17 to 20, in-
clusive. Mere mention brings vivid
recollections of last season's brilliant
Lelu.-ive. completely eclipsed this
recollections of last season's brilliant
event, to be completely eclipsed this
; year, it is said. Thousands will won-
der how.
£* REDUCED RATES™% th 7
S Pacific Company for all
the Southern Pacific Company for all
« these brilliant events. Arrange your
. I vacation programmes . accordingly
< ' - ";■-- . . j audcallon the agents for particulars.
NEW TO-DAY. . '
*
San Francisco's Leading and Most Snccessfnl Specialist.
Are You Cured of Catarrh?
NOT ONE
Who has sought a cure by means of patent medicines can an-
swer the above question affirmatively. Do not waste away time
and money in vain, but apply to a source who has cured thou-
sandsjof others and whom you know can cure you. An inves-
tigation has shown that not one failure has been recorded
against DR. SWEANY during the last six years.
Facts Are Stubborn Things.
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS
Are on file in DR. SWEANY'S private office. They are volun-
tarily given, as true, deep and sincere expressions of gratitude
from people who had struggled in vain for years against the
ravages of Catarrh, until this successful physician restored
them to health.
ALL ARE INVITED
And everybody, whether RICH or POOR, receives equal care
and treatment, for DR. SWEANY is not only a physician, but
also a Christian and a Philanthropist.
5
DO YOU KNOW
That fully 8O per cent of the unhappy and forlorn who fill our
MADHOUSES are victims of SEMINAL WEAKNESS, NERVOUS
DEBILITY and their kindred causes?
DO YOU KNOW
That out of every ten cases of CONSUMPTION five can be
traced back and the origin found in SEMINAL WEAKNESS?
TAKE TIME BY THE FORELOCK
And secure proper treatment before it is too late, before you
are beyond medical and human aid. If you are suffering from
the effects of this terrible disease, suffering from early indis-
cretions, excesses and unnatural losses, which rob the blood
of its richness and the body of its animating influences, which
enfeeble the constitution and result in IMPOTENCY
PARALYSIS and INSANITY; if you are tormented with morbid
fear and your days are passed with distressing thoughts of
your disease— cast aside all false modesty and place your-
seif under the treatment of this noted specialist. His experi-
ence in treating such cas^s has been world-wide he has cured
thousands of others and he CAN CURE YOU.
CHRONIC DISEASES
Of the THROAT, KIDNEYS, STOMACH and LIVER perma-
nently cured, so that there will be no fear of a relapse in the
future.
GONORRHCEA, GLEET, STRICTURE and that terrible and
loathsome disease SYPHILIS thoroughly and forever cured.
THE POOR who call at his offices on Friday afternoons are
welcome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge.
Your troubles if living away from the city. Thousands are
cured at home by means of correspondence and medicines
sent th^m. Letters are answered in ENGLISH, FRENCH
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN and DANISH.
OFFICE HOURS : 9A.M.to 12 M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M.
Sundays, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only.
ADDRESS :
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 ILflieirifcet- Street,
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
• *. . . - -ELECTED SANTA
ROSA'S QUEEN
Mrs. L. W. Burris Chosen
to Rule Over the
Carnival.
A POPULAR SELECTION.
Beauty and Amiability Win a
Victory ior the Wheelmen's
Candidate.
GIVEN A HEAVY PLURALITY.
Over Eleven Thousand Votes Cast for
the Belle Who S.cured the
Crown.
SANTA ROSA, Cat.., April 11.— Mrs. L.
Vi'. Burris will reign over the Carnival of
Roses. To-night, when the votes wore
counted for the last time, she was declared
MRS. L. W. BVRRIS. QUEER OF THE SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL.
[From her. latent jthotngraph.]
queen by an overwhelming majority. The
queen-elect is a handsome demi-brunette,
■with large, expressive eyes, from whose
dark depths beam kindness and eood will.
She is of high social standing and has all
of the attributes of one born to rule, but
the unfailing kindness of manner and
sweet disposition of this lady counted far
more than wealth or beauty in the race,
and fully explain the immense vote re
ceived by the popular queen of the Rdse
Carnival of 18'J6.
Between the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock
the excitement was intense, and nearly
$~«Q went into the box. Great crowds
red at the polling-place early to
watch the voting, and as each envelope
was deposited in the box shrewd guesses
were made as to whom their contents
wer»' for. J'.y 8 o'clock the balloting had
commenced in earnest, and it became ap
rarent to all that an immense vote would
be cast. Friends of both Santa Rosa can
didates surrounded the box, vainly trying
to figure out the tactics of their contest
ants. The supporters of Miss Sara Hall
were numerous, but were unprepared for
MISS ANGIE PRIXCEVALLE, A SAN MATEO COUNTY BELLE.
[From a photograph.}
the thousands of votes that were being
rained into the box for Mrs. Burris.
A few minutes before the box closed
three well-known gentlemen entered and
quite ostentatiously prepared their ballots,
lettinc people see their golden offerings
before sealing the envelopes. As these
three gentlemen were all known to be in
the Burris camp the news quickly reached
the opposition and double the amount
suppo.-ed to have just been voted was
quiv'kly deposited for Miss Hall. But it
now appears that a joker was concealed in
each of the three envelopes in the shape of
a snugly concealed check segregating
more lhan 5000 vote*. It was known that
the Panta Rosa Wheelmen, of whom there
are about 100, had decided ro support Mrs.
Burris and when Captain Ramuge depos
ited a modest-looking envelope in the box
every one knew for whom it would be
counted. But the fact that this little offer
of the wheelmen w«s a block of 2500 votes
became soon known to all in the room and
caused mo«t of the spectators to guess the
winner with great accuracy.
The total number of votes oast for Mrs.
Burris was 11,109, Miss Hall, the next on
the list, having about 2000. The redwoods
belle, Miss Jessica Kloppenburg, gained
about 500 during the day, raakinc a total
of about 1000 for her, and the scattering
vote was fully 3000. The extremely large
vote cast for Mrs. Burris is a small token
of the regard in which she is held in Santa
Rosa. That the choice was a popular one
was evinced by the loud cheer of approval
and the gleeful accents in which the event
was heralded by people of all degrees.
Santa Jiarbara's Pageant.
SAXi A BARBARA, Cal., April 11.—Ar
rangements have been perfected by which
L'so marines from the liagship Philadelphia
will enter the floral procession of the Santa
Barbara festival next Thursday. Each of
the men will be supplied with bouquets
and decorations by the citizens, and will
contribute a striking and effective feature
to the street parade.
SJ.V JTOSF'S TOTE.
3H*t "Lottie Vpton Wresta the Lead From
Miss Meta I.aisy.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 11.— ladies
of Santa Clara have organized a Santa
Clara County Carnival Association for' the
purpose of advancing the county's inter
est during the Rose Carnival. Mrs. R. L.
Higeins was elected president, Mrs. David
Henderson secretary and Mr?. C. C. Morse
treasurer. Committees have been ap
pointed and funds will be raised for the
purpose of putting a lloat in the parade
and maintaining a booth in the Davilion.
The contest for queen of the carnival is
on in earnest. Since Wednesday's count
Miss Lottie Upton, who was second, has
passed Mis? Meta Laisy, and is now in the
lead. Miss Meta Laisy and Miss Lottie
Richardson have the same number ot
votes, and divide honors for second place.
Miss Lillian Rea of Gilroy is third. A
new candidate is Miss Anna Day, who en
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
ters the race with 187 votes. A great many
of the candidates have withdrawn, and it
is expected that the battle will now settle
down to tlie-^e five. The contest closes on
April 124. The result of this evening's
count was:
Miss Lottie Upton 443
.Miss Bteta Laisy 399
Miss liOttie ltlchardson ;..; 39i»
Miss Jtcaof Uilroy 311
Miss Helen Ford 283
Miss Virginia McCrau '..'..'.'.'..'. 286
Miss Kva Srinson 240
iss Anna Day 187
Miss J^essie R&iney 127
Miss Mamie Snlllvati 87
MJSXLO i'AUK'S FAVORITE.
SHis I ntrh >■ Jleada Hie JAnt in J'.edxcood
City's fotltr.it.
REDWOOD CITY. Cat,., April 11.— The
contest for queen of the rose carnival
grows more interesting from day to day,
and at least four places — Menlo Park, ban
Mateo, South San Francisco and ■Wood
side — claim they will send the young lady
who will wear the crown.
Miss Henrietta Lawler of Menlo Park is
now in the lead and her friends claim that
she is good for ever so many votes, but
Miss Annie Goggin of South San Fran
cisco has votes in *iocks of hundreds and
the whole district is said to be pooled to
elect her. There is a great deal of interest
to learn more about Miss Goggin, who up
to Thursday led the whole county in the
voting. She is said to be a handsome
blonde, just merging from her teens, and
of a most charitable disposition. Miss
Lawler of Menlo Park is also a young lady
of pronounced beauty. These are the
principal contestants at present.
■\Voo<lside has a worthy candidate in the
fair and queenly Miss Lillian Neuman.
Her name iias only just been mentioned
for honors, but she is sure of a handsome
vote from the enterprising people of the
Portola Valley.
San Mateo is tue unknown quantity. It
is conceded that San Mateo can eiect the
queen if the word is giyen, and it is whis
pered that at the last moment San Mateo
will win. Redwood City has several can
didates, witli Miss Ollie Christ now lead
ing and Miss Nellie Hammerson of Menlo
Park a close second. Miss Hainmerson
has numerous friends in Belruont, Red
wood City and Menlo Park, ana this popu
lar young lady may yet reign at the carni
val ball. Miss Angle Princevalle, who
presides over one of the voting booths at
Rciwood City, is also in nomination, and
her friends insist upon giving her a place
among the leaders.
CHICO' S MAY QVISKX.
Two JSttVt Candidates Who Aspire to
lirgal Honor*.
CHICO, Cal., April 11.— The contest be
tween Chico young ladies who aspire to
preside as May Queen is becoming excit
ing. A large number of votes have been
cast in the last fortnight. Two new can
didates have come to the front, and will
no doubt make the friends of Miss Jun
kans and Miss Cussick labor diligently to
keep these handsome young ladies in the
lead. To-day the votes were counted, ana
the result found to be as follows:
Miss Frieda Junkans 191
Miss Clara CassiCk 147
Mlw Bessie r- o Uins 62
Miss Mabel Merry 62
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Senaa J icnal Tes'imony Filed in the McHugh
Divorce Case— Alleged Swindler
Under Arrest
SAN JOSE, Cat.., April 11.—Commis
sioner Montgomery has tiled the testi
mony .taken in the divorce suit of Alice
McHugh against W. J. McHugh on the
ground of desertion. The Mcllughs were
married in this city in 1889, and at once
took up their residence at Santa Paula,
Ventura County.
McHugh received a large salary, but he
spent the money in gambling and carous
ing and left his wife to depend upon his
mother for the necessaries of life. He
came home drunk on frequent occasions
and beat his wife. In May, 1804, after five
years of suffering, Mrs. McHugh tooK her
two children and returned to her parents'
home in this county.
XEGLECTEI) HIS LANDLORD.
A Saratoga Hotel Guest Accused of Stvin-
dling.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 11.— William M.
Owens was arrested in this city this morn
ing by Constable Harm on a charge of
swindling D. Materri, a Saratoga hotel
proprietor, out of $36.
Owens has been stopping at Materri's
hotel for some time and became indebted
to his landlord. He receives a pension of
$12 per month, and when Materri became
anxious for his money Owens gave him
the voucher calling for his past quar
ter's money. As Materri could not draw
the money, he gave Owens the voucher
when lie came to town last Monday so
he could draw the money, but instead
of turning it over to Materri he spent it for
liquor. Owens -was taken to Saratoga by
Constable Haun .
VICTOR* FOR TUX RAILROAD.
Light Damage* Awarded Opponents of
the Line to A Irian.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 11.— The second
condemnation suit instituted by the Santa
Clara Valley Kaiiroad Company, which is
to run a line from this city to Alviso.came
to a close to-day. The jury awarded the
heirs cf the McKirnan estute $r>oo as
damage to their property, and John Viena,
their tenant, will receive $350 as damage
to his lease. The verdict is practicallya
victory for the railroad promoters.
Jio*erllle Jtnil Accident,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 11.-Frank
Xeedham, a sheep-shearer, •while trying
to board a moving truin this morning near
Rc^evilie, fell under the wheels and his
le<? was badly crushed below the knee. He
was brought on a train to this city and
taken to the County Hospital, where the
limb was amputated. Needham will prob
ably not survive the shock, as several
hours elapsed between the accident and
the time he received proper surgical treat
ment.
Tacomn'a Guards on Wheels.
TACOMA, Wash., April 11.-The first
military company in the Pacific North
west to adopt the bicycle as a part of its
equipment is Company C, N. G. W., Cap
tain 1- W. Howell, of this city. All of the
members are expert wheelmen, and the
company will give public dress parade
drills on Tacoma avenue this summer, the
fine bituminous pavement being suited to
thete maneuvers.
Xapn Itaeing I'remiutna.
NAPA, Cal.. April 11.— Purses amount
ing to $19,000 are to be offered at the race
meeting in Napa during the coming fair.
The directors of the Napa Association met
to-day and decided to hold a meeting dur
ing the week following that of the Breed
ers' Association to arrange the events and
purses.
Mm. Tork Fxtrttdited.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 11.—Gov
ernor Budd this morning issued a warrant
for the extradition of Mrs. Emma York,
directed to the Governor of Colorado.
Special Agent Crockett will leave this
evening for Denver to conduct Mrs. York
back to the State.
Stan ford Archery Club.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat.., April
11. — The Women's Archery Club has been
revived and the ran;/e put into condition.
As soon as the weather settles the mem
bers of the club are to resume the pleas
ures, which occupied considerable atten
tion last year.
Accidental deafness may result from in
flammation or ulceration of the mucous
membranes.
EASTERN GUESTS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Hotel Men En Route to Los
Angeles on Special
Trains.
TOUR OF THE STATE.
The Strangers Will Visit Santa
Barbara During the Floral
Festival.
COMING TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Red ands, Santa Monica, Riverside
and Pasadena to Assist in the
Entertainment.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., April H._ Three
of the handsomest special trains that ever
crossed the continent are now dashing
along from the far East to the land of sun
shine and plenty and flowers. They carry
the representative hotel men of the States
and Territories of the Union — the mem
bers of the Hotel Men's Mutual Benefit
Association of the United States and Can
ada, which will hold ita seventeenth an
nual convention in Los Angeles, com
mencing on the morning of the 14th in
Music Hall. The delegation is fully 400
strong.
The Ohio and Indiana hotel men will
reach the city in advance of the specials.
They travel in the Pullman car Cleopatra,
and will arrive over the Southern Pacific
to-morrow evening at 7:45 o'clock. The
reception committee will meet them at
Arcade station and escort them to the
Hollenbeck. The three specials will reach
Barstow on Monday morning at 10 o'clock,
and will be met by the members of the
committee on arrangements and the re
ception committee. There are 10U ladies
among the visitors, and each will be pre
sented with a baskftful of choice Howers
at Barstow. Boutonnieres will be fur
nished the hotel men, and all the visitors
will receive beautiful souvenir itineraries.
The delegation will reach the city late
Monday afternoon, and the .following
morning the convention will assemble.
The Hotel Hollenbec.k will be the head
quarters for the visitors. Last night a
force of men was busy decorating the
lobby of the house with greenery and
flags, and to-day the effect is most pleas
ing. The committee of arrangements con
sists of George W. Lynch of the Hotel
Florence of San Diego, chairman; A. C.
Bilicke of the Hollenbeck, this city, secre
tary and treasurer; M. M. Potter of Hotel
"Westminster, this city; E. S. Babcock of
Hotel del Coronado, and E. W. Caty of
Hotel Arlington, Santa Barbara.
On Monday evening there will be a re
cep.ion at the Hollenbeck. Mayor Rader
will deliver the address of welcome. The
delegates will rutet at Music Hall on Tues
day morning at 10 o'clock. Atlp. m. of that
day an "al fresco" lunch will be served on
the oeautiful grounds of Judge Charles
Silent, on West Adams street, whereon It
is proposed to build a tourist hotel, to cost
$300,000. This will cive the visitors an ex
cellent idea or the regal setting chosen lor
Los Angeles' tourist home. At 2 o'clock
conveyances will be on hand for a drive
through the most attractive and pictur
esque portions of the city, including some
of the public parks. Later in the after
noon the guests will go on their special
trains to Santa Monica.
Wednesday, April 15, will be spent at
Santa Monica, where the citizens are mak
ing elaborate arrangements to entertain
the visiting hotel men. Amone the amuse
ments already outlived is a grand Spanish
tournament, including pole-tent pegging,
tilting rings, plucking the rooster, lariat
ing will steers, etc. About the noon hour
an old-fashioned Spanish barbecue will be
served. During the afternoon there will
be a series of aquatic sports at the North
Beach bathhouse, which will be thrown
open for the free use of the visitors.
That evening the trains will leave for
Santa Barbara, carrying the strangers to
the annual Hower festival, arriving there
at midnight. Breakfast will be taken on
the cars Thursday morning, April 10, after
which the forenoon will be spent on the
beach and at other points of interest. Fol
lowing lunch on the train, the visitors will
proceed to the tribune built for their es
pecial accommodation, with seats forsoo.
Soon the great floral parade will take place,
followed by the battle of flowers. At 6:30
p.m. dinner will be served t in the dining
cars, and the train will leave for Pasadena.
Carriages will be in waiting Friday
rooming for a drive in and about Pasa
dena, including Maiengo avenue and Ray
mond Hill, where the great Raymond
Hotel stood; the Arroyo Seco and Alta
dena. Then the train will go to Redlands,
and there the visitors will be given a drive
about the celebrated Smiley Heights-
Following the drive an "Orange supper'
will be served in Redlands' elegant new
tourist hotel, Casa Loraa, to be followed
by a concert.
On Saturday morning, April 18, the
guests of the Southern California Hotel
Association will awaken in Riverside, the
mother orange county in this sunny south
land. After breakfast they will be taken
for a drive down the famous Magnolia
avenue. The joys of "Orange day" — Riv
erside's annual fruit festival— will be par
ticipated in, following which the travelers
will once more be stowed away in their
several trains, en route to that Mecca of
all Southern California travelers— the Ho
tel del Coronado.
Sunday, April 10, will be spent at the
Hotel del Coronado. It is probable there
will be services held in the spacious hotel
theater and the usual sacred concert. As
the stay at Coronado is to be for two days
every one will have an opportunity for
general recreation.
On Tuesday, April 21, the party will
leave Coronado for Mount Lowe, where
Tuesday night will be passed. Wednesday
morning, April 22, breakfast will be par
taken of at the Echo Mountain House and
the early hours will be spent in exploring
the various trails therabouts. At 12 o'clock
all will leave for Los Angeles. Immedi
ately after luncheon everybody will go to
the tribune?, adjoining Central Park, to
witness the fiesta parade. At 4 p. m.
promptly the train will leave
the Arcade depot, via the Southern Pacific
line, en route to San Francisco.
Jiev. Joseph XcK.ec Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April ll._Rev.
Joseph McK.ee, the aged preacher who was
run down by an electric car on Broadway
a few days ago, died from his injuiies to
day. He was well known throughout the
State.
ZEGION Oh' HOSOIt HAXQVtIT.
Officers of the State Commandery Feted
at I. <>.f A.iigeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 11.— The
banquet given this evening by Los Angeles
Commandery of the Loyal Legion in honor
of the officers of the State Commandery,
who are here on a tour of inspection, was
a brilliant affair. Plates were laid for 150.
The gue&ts from San Francisco were:
Major W. B. Hooper, commander; Colonel
C. Mason Kinne, past commander; General
S. W. Backus, past commander; Colonel
W. R. Smedberg, recorder; Captains
Samuel Flint, J. C. Currier. F. D. Carrins
ton, C. A. Sumner, L. W. Seely, D. W\
Wellman, W. C. Coulson and \V. E. Cra^ir..
Most of the visitors were accompanied by
their wives.
Captain Gilbert E. Overtoil acted as
toastmaster. Toasts were responded to as
follows: "The President of the United
States," Major J. A. Donnell; ''Onr
Wortny Commander," Major William B.
Hooper; "Our Guests." Colonel Charles
Bentzoni; "The Ladies, God Bless Them!"
Captain James B. Lankershim ; "The War
Correspondent." Major Benjamin C. Tru
man; war paper, "Shiloh," General E.
Bouton; "The Commandery of California,"
Colonel W. R. Sinec-berg; "Taps, I ' Major
H. T. Lee.
The visitors will be entertained while
here by being taken on excursions to
Mount Lowe and other points of interest.
On Tuesday they will go to San Diego,
where they will be banqueted by the mem
bers of the order at that place. *
nisi'ATcnEit to ir.tsHixtiToir.
Free Harborilea and Uu ntinfiton Send
Vetepalions JKustieard.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., April 11.— The
harbor war waxes hot and hotter, but the
base of operations has been removed to
Washington. When a telegram was re
ceived from Senator White a few days ago,
stating that he had secured a hearing for
persons interested in the question before
the Senate Commerce Committee, both
factions hastily held councils of war and
decided to send able spokesmen to appear
before the committee. The free harbor
people selected President \V. C. Patterson
of the Chamber of Commerce, ex-Mayor
Hazard, Judge Albert M. Stephens and'H.
Hawgood, C. E., formerly resident engi
neer of the Southern Pacific. Patterson,
Hazard and Stephens departed last night
and are now well on the way to the na
tional capital. Hawgood started to-day.
The Iluntington crowd at a mass-meet
ing held at Santa .Monica last evening
selected Hon. John W. Mitchell to repre
sent, it before the committee. He started
this evening, accompanied by Hon. J. S.
Slauson, a director of the Chamber of
Commerce; ex-United States Senator
Cornelius Cole, Judge D. P. Hatch and J.
B. Lankerabeim, :tli of whom are ardent
friends of Santa Monica. It is expected
ibat all will be in Washington by next
Thursday and that on the lollowfng day
the members of the Senate Commerce
Committee will hear harbor talk until they
can't rest.
Millionaire Griffith Injured.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 11.-G. J.
Griffith, proprietor of Los Fehz ranch, and
one of the richest men in Los Angeles,
met with a serious accident this evening.
While driving a spirited team at Third
and Main streets, the horses became un
manageable, dashed across the sidewalk
into a fish market, wrecked the carnage
and threw Mr. Griffith heavily to the curb.
He was picked up unconscious and carried
to his apartments at the Nadeau Hotel,
where it was discovered that his injuries,
fortunately, consisted of sundry cuts and
bruises only. He will be around in a few
days.
Chicago is to have a new Home for the
Friendless, Mrs. Hi mm Kelly eriving the
site and Messrs. S. B. Cobb, Thomas Mur
doch and A. C. Bartlett sharing equally
the $150,000 cost of the buildine.
■
Is the light that will bring a great big glow ot
Happiness to you. By it you will see how
strong ana vigorous yonr now weak body can
be made. Hudyan is for man. The great Hud-
yan is to be had on'.y from the Hudson Medical
Institute. This wonderful discovery was made
! \1 the specialists of the old famous Hudson
I .Medical Institute. . It is the strongest and most
] powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful that
H is simply wonderful how harmless it is. Yon
; can get it from nowhere but from the Hudson
Medical Institute. Write for circulars and tes-
timonials.
This extraordinary Rejuvenator Is the most
j wonderiul discovery of the age. It has been |
Indorsed by the leading scientific men ol Eu.
rope anrl America. .
HI'DYAX is purely vegetable,
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
, charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitching of the eyes and othei
i parts.
Strengthens, invigorates and tones the entir«
■ystem. It is as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak or-
gans. Pains in the bact. losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments.
Prematureness means impotency in the firsi
stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
ana barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty j
days by the use of Hudyan. Hudyan costs nc
more than any other remedy.
Send for circulars and tesiimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ot
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, ,
j old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
RA7AA D \
DA£AAI\
GRANCT
SPECIAL
SALE!
ENTIRE STOCK
FKOM
D. Solis Cohen & Bro.,
Portland, Oregon,
$60,000 Worth
OF
Toys, Fancy Goofls, Notions,
Stationery, Toilet Articles, Fans,
Albums, Piatedware, Clocks, Jew-
elry, Hosiery, Handkerchiefs,
Housefurnishing; Qoods, Vases,
Flower Pots, Hats, Men's Fur-
nishing Goods, Baby Carriages,
Leather Goods, Purses and Bags,
Trunks and Valises, Etc., Etc.,
To Be Sold at 50C on the Dollar.
A RARE CHANCE FOR BARGAINS
i
Stock must be sold during this sale.
DON'T MISS IT. COME EARLY.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best ot Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
t Perfect Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POll
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.03
SUITS made to erdcr from $15.80
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cop. El-? 1
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Harket SI.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful apbrodlslac and specific tonic for tU9 '
sexual and urlnarv organs of both sexes, and a •
gresrt remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blail- j
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine. !
Sells on its own Merits— no lonir-winded testi' i
monials necessary.
NAjtJKJS, ALFS & BUUXK, Agents,
323 3larket St., S. If.— (*end for Circular.)
COSMOPOIiITAKT,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth at., «aa !
Irancisco, — The most select family hotel in j
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 26 and $1 50por
tlay, according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 50a
•nd 750 a day. Free coach to and from the . hotel.
J.ook for the coach beari ng the name of the Coj> I
mopoUian Hotel. WiL J-'AHKY. Fropnetot
FDR ALASKA GOLD FIELDS!
Tne last-bailing three-masted Schooner, '-SOPHIA SUTHERLAND," under com
mand of Captain OLIVER SMITH, will sail on or about WEDNESDAY, April loth,
for Cook's Inlet direct. Will land passengers and freight at the mouth of Resnrrectioi
Creek, h've niiles from the gold tields, or possibly right on the grounds. Going thii
wav you have no hardships and no changes. For passage and freight apply to FKEB
HOLMES, Atrent. 506 Battery street. Fare only $50, including Doard and l>oo poundi
of baggage. N. B.— As the passenger list is tilling up rapidly parties intending to g«
should apply iniaiediately.
NEW TO-DAT.'
j ~-~
1 irfj NOLAN BROS.
I: % I SHOE CO.
OUR
MONSTER SALE
OX*
TAN SHOES!
Is the Greatest Success ever
known In the Shoe Business.
Store Crowded all the time with
I people Buying:
TAMIMED SHOES!
When you want the Very Latest
Up-to-Date
TAN SHOES
Come dlrectto our store, where you
i will find all styles and all widths to
; select from.
Every style made In Black Shoes
wo also have In Tan.
; Leaders This Wed in Tan Shoes
and Oxfords.
Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid But-
ton, hand-turn soles, pointed toes and lips
$3 per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Kiri. brown cloth top, buttfJß
or lace, latest style pointed neeillp toes and
tips $ # J 50 per pai»
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid, brov.n cloth top. Oxfords
or Southern Tios, h:tnii-:urn soles, latest
Bl3'le pointed toes mid tips, French heels
$2 50 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Kid. brown cloth top, South-
ern Tifg, latest style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turn soles .fl 75 per pair
Ladles Tan Kid <'.xfords, brown cloth tops or
tan kid tops, la'est style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turnsoles >f\ 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, pointed or'
square toes, turn soles $1 per pair
j Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords $1 50 per pair
Extra quality, $'2 per pair.
' Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
j Sires 5 to 90c
Sizes BV2 to 11 $ l oo
Sizes 11^2 to 2 $1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
j and Shades In MEN'S TAN SHOES.
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
j With Every Purchase.
Send us your address and we will mall you
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUII.DINO.
tong Distance Telephone 5537.
DR. PIERGE'S
M®^4 ELECTRIC
$sf? B t L I
IS THE BEST.
*' SSSfe 1 ' Wfl Have Them.
"W - From. $5 to $25,
 a*,'* \i'>ii And Guarantee
ißiSpto BELT
To dp Suparlnrto
•W^!^^^? Any O:her Elec-
fifi£®e^sT- trlc Belt ln tno
"^v;? All the Latest
x-.vt.rVtoMju, 'f *■ Improvements.
v aarCall or write for
»^i^J§s£«F^ia Free'-PaniDhlet No. 2."
BEy^P^.r^vr>^^j»^| liuy no Belt I ill you s<>«
JKt-^~ :r y.''.' :! -.'' r v _2J«Jm ''Dr. Plerce's." Address
P^^'^^W?fc DRS. PIERCE & SON.
N"*£-v« -'y\x2r£\^l 04 Sacramento St.
(*. J^ligLf " (cor. Kearnv). 2d, 3d
■ "C^^'> - - and 4tn floors, -',/ •
W SAX A NCI. sCO.
DR.WOSGWOO
Chinese Drug* i^L^^^">»«^9l
and Tea and Herb Eg '
Sanitarium, mf xSi -
776 cLVvV STKKET, gjL -^ fy
Bet. Kturnv and Dupont, BC^ flsT \S
ban Francisco. f™"/ /^
I, the uiulersiKUeit, haTB M M . wW
been cured from kidnc v TLbtW'\ w> ' -
trouble, from which ]|r \H&StL > * J A
Buffered for over 10 years, F «K^!^ J J
by Dr. Wong Woo. w^^k 1^ -^** Ja
Office hours: 9:"0 to 11 ffi 9 ■%
A. if . ; 1t03,7t0 9 r. m. ■MfilnV^SxLS&EC^Liam
56
CADMUS WAS A SURPRISE
Captured the Rich Ormonde
Stake From the Prohibitive
Choice Pepper.
A RARE DAY OF SPORT.
Sir Vassar Took the Handicap Im
pressively — Adolph Sprecke'.s
First in an Exciting Drive.
In the way of divertisements a greater
card was never offered than the one fur
nished the race-going public at Ingleside
yesterday. Undoubtedly the big surprise
of the present racing season occurred.
With but two starters in the rich Ormonde
p'.ake over a distance of three miles the 1
to 6 favorite Pepper had to acknowledge
defeat. His conqueror was the stout
hearted Cadmus, carrying the red, whita
a:ul blue colors ol A. B. Spreckels, whose
game race in the great Spreckels handicap,
won by Lissak, endeared him to the hearts
of all local race-gcers.
The big race was the third event of the
day. Of all the original entries Cadmus
and Pepper were the only ones left in to
try for the $2300 prize. Under the condi
tions ot the race Pepper carried 106 pounds
and the books held him at Ito 6. Open
ing at 10 to 1, an inkling of returning
form on ti.e part of Cadmus was con
veyed. whe:i his odds were gradually cut
to 4 >«' to 1. at which price he went to the
post."
Cochran had the mount on Pepper,
while Macklin piloted the son of F.ood.
Neither rider seemed anxious to cut out a
very liot pace, and Cadnui3 showed the
way around to the bend for home of the
last niiie. flore Cochran imagined that
all he had to do •ras to shake up the brown
horse with the green hood and take the
silken bag down from the wire.
Cadn refused to be shaken, however,
and both boys were seen to beurcing their
mounts. There was more or less bumping
about ■ furlong from the finish, in which
Cadmus came out first best, nnd he passed
the wire amid great cheering, an easy win
ner by four lengths in 0:4." : .
Coe«;ran. the rider of Pepper, insti
tuted a claim of foul, bnt according to the
report of Patrol Judge Carson, he nimself
w.ts tie first argn>-«or and the foul was
r.ot allowed. This decision was the signal
for another outburst of cheering from the
biir crowd that had collected around the
judges' stand, for the victory was a most
} opular one.
The programme was a very lengthy one,
it being after 6 o'clock before the last race
was decided. The attendance was larsre,
end the revival of heat racing was a de
cidedly popular innovation. The favorites '
were worsted, but two of them reaching
rst.
I ar-fuxlong dash for two*
tkeo by the 8 to 5 favorite,
Latni it out the running and
won, ridden out. a length before George
] the si od choice.
A good ti'iiit: narrowly missed going
through in the mile and" a half selling
affair. Bacbed down from 50 to 15 to
1, Arcticus, ridden by Cash Stoane, led the
] recession until wit lii:i less than a iurlong
of the finishing | ost, when he was passed
by trie 3^' to 1 second Choice. G. B. Morris,
nnd beaten out half a length. The luke
v>:!rm favorite. Foremost, was a pood
third. The distance was covered in 2:40.
Fonrth on the card was the live and a
haif furlonc heatrace. Tenino was made
a ; to 5 favorite, and captured the first
h at, with Duncarven, who had ap
parently had a very easy ride, a close sec
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Ci*ty-ninth day 04.o 4 . the Pscific Coast Jockey Club's Winter rieetlng, iß9c-96 Injrleside
Treck. Saturday. ,\ ril 11. > 896. Weather fine. Track jrood. f ingieside
1 (100 *' IKST KAI E lour furlongs; selling; two year-olds ; purse *400.
JtiJtx. Horse find weight.
-■.
'_
Betting.
>p. CI.
931 :-irlns 109 1
<9^i. Geirce Palmer.. .lo3 4
(P29.:.'ltbr 106 2
TOO sister Adele 103 3
PSOjYikuc 10- 7
. Wfi iTheliotiiin 101 9
990 Cyrus King 106 *;
-77 link Boy 101' 8 .'.
098 Uiatls 1011 6 I
1
!
li,
5?
31
4 h
63
9
5 2
8
1 1 *
2 1-
-3 17,
4 I<2
0
7
5
8
9
i 1 1
2 1
! 31
: 41%
! 53
6 2
' 72
8 10
I 9
Shields 8-5
Mackiln 2
' E.Jones .... 4
C. Slaughter 6
i Snider 50
|W. Flynn 75
Cochran 15
Piggott.... 75
Johnson 60
7-5
6-2
7-2
15
100
60
40
80
200
i
!
!
I
started with gate. Won handily. Winner, El Primero stable's b. f., by imp. Martenhurst-
-1001 S n^«iTO RACE-one and * h&H mll 5: seUlne: three-year-olds and np; conditions;'
Index.! Hor;e, age, weight. I St. Std. !14 %Is^ I sir. I Fin. I Jockays.
J'64 jc. B. Morris, 4....106J 5 3h .1- 4 2 2% 2h !1 14 Cochran ..
9.3 Urticus.s 109 6 13 IS 13 11 .11 2 2 !C. Sloan
99 V 1 Foremost, 4 100 3 52 5 h 5'- _ 54 (8 1 36 Pteoott
FIFi.« 100 4 21 22 2h 4 3 ,44 42 11. Martin
Doyle. 4 lot) 1 78 62 li V, :< h 31 »2 C. Slaughter*
HS2 Trl_t.s 108 7 4h 4 IU6I 62 (62 ! 6 1 T.Sloan
951 .FVrtllla. 4 101 2 61 75 710 715 715' 7 20 F. Jones".*.".
SB3 Perseus. 3. 84 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 Frawlev
I -letting
I op. ci.
I 4
10
2
20
30
4
5-2
5
7-2
15
13-5
100
40
6
4
5
„.. et^TrS wlth gate. Won handily. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c, by Longfellow-Queen Beluga"
" .mo. «_. ' -in. fe ■
002. Jnce" I rioi<i hre * ml M: the ° rmond * B£ * Kes : three-year-olds and upward; allow-
Index, j Horse, age, weight.
St.
!
st.l l».|flß.| 14. I\. I % Kin. Jockeys. I *
I ! I ! Op.
2 111 jl ns lh lh 2 13 Macklin I \
__j_\ __ ' " ' 2 _____ 2 ; Cochran.. '..ff M
Betting.
)p. cl.
954
-4 I
-"admus. 6 101
Peeper. 4 106
started vritn gate. Won driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' br. h., by Flood-Imp. Cornelia. Time!
TjjjQQ FOURTH RACE— Flrstjheat; flve and a half furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; selling.
Horse, age. welghL
s-t.
Str.
Jockeys.
Betting.
»p. CL
9i«2 ITonlno, 8... 86 3
00-.' Pungarven. a 10] '_'
9°« Perhaps, 8 89 5 ....
974 |Vi__lente, 3 91 6 ...
987 t Fleet, 5 98 4
970 __oo:e:r.. a 103! 1
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Ti
1 QOQ FOURTH "RACE— seronThtat-
-32
6
I fe
5 4
2 h
4 h
34
6
-".
42
I 1 2
6 6
I
36
6
2b
4 3
13
6 6
; IV. C. Slanchtep..-.
i 2 jfc Cochran !
3 2 : Johnson
j 4h iilclntvre
I 6 3 O'Brien
6 ; Snider
1-2
I 3
5-2
20
30
! 8
4-5
3
16-5
60
30
10
:E— secon:
Index. J
or.--.
M
_____
Va
Batting.
"»p. Cl.
iDungarven 2
Ton; 1.0 i 1
Valletta 4 *
Zooiein 6
Perhaps. 5
Fleet 3
2h 13 1
lVt 11
' 5«! 63
32 ! 3Vh
4h 4 1
6 6
21
12
8
42
Sh
6
lh
26
34
43
62
6
4-5 3-5
1 3-2
200 100
12 40
8 80
60 ICO
with gate.
1003. w
RACE— bert.
Index. I
I St. 14 ! >*
! I
- ! lh
I 1 ! 2
iDungarren
...... ..jTontno
2
1 1
1 2
8
177777:777:
1-4
s
2-5
8-5
Start:ng-ga!e us*
1:10*4. -
on easily.
1 004 FIFTH RACE— One * d a sixteenth miles;
handicap; purse $100.
Index.) Horse, age, weight. St. J Std. 114 j Ifr jy4 j Str. , Fln. I Jockeys. \
984 I Sir Vassar, 3 107 3 lh IS (l lv, 1 8 13 1 2M, _'l_f»ott ~~ "
.9591 st. Lee. 3 90 512 h i?h 4 1» 414 43 Bffaft_tt_
, 972 Logan, a 104 4|5 Vi 2 1 2 1 21* 22 33* MacklllL
(9911 Sister Mary. 6.... 119' 1 4? <k !__ i3l 31- 43 T. "loan **"- v * v
091 Peter 11.4 95 I 6 6 i« 53 55 520 W. Fl"n
977 Collins. 4 95 6 31 5 1 }tj 6 6 6 Cochran •':
. 3-2 8-5
4 6
6 0
'11-6 13-5
! 15 30
6 8
Starting-gate used. Won easily.
Winner, H.T.
b. c., by Sir Dixon- Vassar.
Time, 1 -.491/4.
1 00 V SIXTH RA.
IWU, cap; purse f
Index. Horse, age. weight, 'tit.! Std.
9.6 (April, a 129 5 I 5
OM :.v rado. a. 131 4 -i V.
955 ITemplemore. a... 127' 2 1 lli
955 Sir Reel. 6 157 1' 44^
865 Bassanio, a 138 SJ 2b
6
2 4
11
_H
42
I »
I if
I 38
I - 1 *
« j Str.
i
46 4 10
214 21
13 13
33 32
6 6
! Fln. I Jockeys. gg»^
Op. Cl.
1 12 Clancr.... 2 8
j I 1 T. Murphy 1 3 3
3 2 ! Boyd 8 8
! 410 Spence 8-5 8-6
I .'-. 6-■ ■ • Cochran... 3 8
Started with gate. Won cleverly. Winner, W. B. D odd's Ch. g., by McCreary- Rosa. -Time. 2
001). ******* R
and up; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. ! St. J 14 J % j _£ ! str.
878 Ad. Spreckels, 3.. 101 _ 3h 4~h 33 jS3
996 Service, a 112 4 . 4\_ S 1 ii 2 2
996 Ooodwln 11, ...109! r 2? 11 I 11 IIX
9*3 l-clty.S. sis 3 5 t 5 4 4
973 Mosicr. 3. 85 6 1 h : 3^5 5
111 C Slaughter....
j 2V a Shields. ..
18 6 E.J0ne5........
1 410 Cochran.
I &i: ! Piggott. .......
Feme*.
►p. cl.
»-2
5-2
3
11-5
100
Starting-gate used. W<
Time, 1 ■__:♦.
on driving, winner, E
C. Corrigan's b
*. c, by .Longfellow-Jennie Treacy
ond. Perhaps finished an ordinary th:rd.
On the strength of his good showing Dun
j garven was installed a 4 to 5 choice for the
second heat, and in a hard drive beat
Tonino out a nose. In the run-off the
black horse, who was now a 1 to 3 favorite,
• easily disposed of Tonino at the end, and
; tooK the purse and race by two open
lengths.
•'Tom" Griffin's Kentucky Derby candi
date, Sir Vassar, disposed of his lie:d in
I the mile and a sixteenth handicap most
impressively. Starting an S to 5 favorite
;he made all of the running, splendidly
i rated by Piggott, passed the judges two
! lengths in advance of St. Lee, who came
j with a fine showing of sneed at the end,
taking the place from Service by half a
length.
For the mile and three-furlong handi
cap, Sir Reel held sway in the betting,
backed down from twos to 8 to 5, but the
I nandicapper was altogether too liberal in
I allo. ting weight on the old sulker and he
I ran unplaced. Templemore took the five
hurdles in front, but tired when pressed
by Silverado ana gave up the lead. The
Corrigan "lepper" seemed to hold the race
safe, but in the last tew yards was passed
and beaten out handily by April, a 3 to 1
chance in the betting* ridden by W.
i Clancy.
The' last race at seven furlongs, decided
! under selling conditions, furnished one of
! the prettiest contests of the day. Five
: started in the race and all of the starters
1 were accorded good support. When the
i horses were called, Unity, at 11 to 5, had a
slight call, with Adolph Spreckels a heav-
I ily-backed second choice. Goodwin 11,
j who opened at twos, receded to 3tol.
i Goodwin II took the lead turning into
1 the back stretch, and swinging into the
: straight for the wire was half a length in
i front of Service, followed by Mosier and
! Adolph Spreckels. The latter colt soon
passed Mosier, and joining the two leaders
the trio had a ding-dong battle '.o the
wire. Slaughter, on Adolph Spreckels,
i rode a grand race and got his horse past
the wire half a length in front of Service.
with Goodwin II third, the tame distance
,' further away.
Track and Paddock Items.
Fifteen pencilers handled the com in
the ring yesterday.
Bookmaker Harry Hoffman left for
Chicago last evening.
The distance of the gentlemen's race on
Tuesday will be one mile. The entries
with their riders are as follows: Nellie
IG, J. Stein; Moss Terry, F. skinner;
\ Monita, M. Schwartz; San Marco, H.
Foratand: Logan, W. B. Sink Jr.; Service,
W. S. Hobart and Little Frank, Mr. Mc-
Creery.
The sixth race on tbe programme for
Monday will be a four furlong dash for
, maiden two-year-olds, under the follow
ing conditions: The winner to be sold for
$900. It" entered for less, two pounds
allowed for each $100 down to $200.
P>eaten horses not liable to claim. En
tries will close at the track at 9 a. m.
A Military Kucort Ordered.
The First Infantry, N. G. C, has been ordered
to act as au escort to the body of the late Gov
ernor Jones of Nevada. The regiment will as
semble at tne Pago-street armory, and march
from there to tne Golden Gate" undertaking
parlors at "24'J9 Mission street, where they will
form an escort for the remains oa their way to
the Southern Pacific depot.
At Bash-Street Temple.
The ladies' council, lately organized at Bush
street temple, will hold a regular meeting Mon
day afternoon at 1:30 at auxiliary hall. The
objects for which the council has "been called
are such as to commend it to the ladies of all
sections. A special fund for specific charity
will be instituted. All are cordially requested
to be present.
Arrested for Cruelty to Animal*.
Joseph La Fague was driving a horse this
mornine: r.ear Battery and California streets
when the animal fell and ruptured itself. It
was abandoned oy tho owner, who was imme
diately arrested by w. H. Hooper, assistant
secretary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals.
A white buzzard was lately shot in
Texas having on its reck a bell marKed
"1SH0" and "Rails County, Missouri."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
G. W. WILDERMAN'S DEAL
The World's Christian Co-opera
tive President at Nevada
City.
SOME RICH MINES IN BOND.
A Peculiar Social Transaction — Re
pudiating One Society for
Ano'her.
A meeting of the World's Christian Co
operative Society took place at Golden
Rule Hall on Mission street, near Sixth,
last evening, and President Q. W. Wilder
man of the concern was discussed in terms
not complimentary.
It appears that the society recently pur
chased the Cleveland mine, situated on
the Yuba River, eight and a half miles
from Nevada City, from John and J. R.
Tilton. The two parties entered into a
contract whereby the corporation was to
pay the Tiltons $25,000, the former to work
the mine, setting aside 40 per cent of its
earnings as payment for the property.
The society then sent Wilderman as an
expert to examine the purchase. He was
also to pay the taxes on the property,
which were due. He reported that the
Tiltons had no title to the mine nor to two
others which they claimed, and as they
were common property he located all
three in the name of thtt corporation. He
then proposed to extend the World's
Christian Co-operative Society to Nevada
City and said he would appoint five resi
dent directors there if the same number of
the original eleven in this City would re
sign. He also proposed that the society
would buy his claim of 31,000 acres of land
in Lower California, paying in stock which
would be assigned to him. By this means,
it is alleged, lie would be able to control
the corporation and its property.
Tne directors here refused to do so in
very strong terms. Wilderman then cut
loose from the World's Christian, etc., etc.,
and started a new society in Nevada City
called the People's Co-operative Invest
ment Association, with a capital of four
mines representing untold millions out
side of his Lower California acres.
There are many dctailsof this Napoleonic
co-operative campaign, but this is the
history of the affair in a nutshell.
Now the Tiltons want their property
back, and the society wrestled with th°
intricate problem last evening. John Til
den was present and told his plaintive
story of Wilderman's ways, ana the di
rectors present concurred with him in his
unfavorable estimation of their president's
character. They still consider Wilderman
their agent, and all the mines which he
has become possessed of as the property
of the World's Christian Co-operative So
ciety, and that the Nevada City institu
tion has no entity.
Attorney Collier, who was called in for
legal advice, informed them that the
Cleveland mine was their property by vir
tue of the contract; also that Tilton could
only recover the other mines by a suit of
ejection against Wilderman. These gloomy
tiding* affected the luckless Tilton,
and his estimation of "World's Christian
Co-operative concerns sank still lower.
The society itself is not disposed to sur
render any nf the mines, but claims them
all, a^i Wilderman is their president and
accredited agent. Wilderman, however,
repudiates them and their pretensions,
and claims the mines. Tilton is indeed
between the devil and the deep sea.
An effort will be made by the society to
prosecute Wildt-rman.on a criminal chares
it being alleged that he sold stock certifi
cates of the corporation, appropriating
the proceeds to his own use. Attorney-
Collier will be sent to Nevada City to col
lect evidence of Wilderman's " peculiar
business methods and to examine the
property. The members of the society
stated last evening that they will return
the Cleveland mine to Tilton— when they
get it from Wilderman and his new asso
ciation, but they will keep the other two
mines. This does not suit Tilton, who
cannot see why Wilderman should jump
his claims.
He says the mines are worth $3,000,000.
YOUTHFUL ATHLETES.
The Boyi of the Lowell High School
Hold a Field Day for Record-
Makers.
The promising athletes of the San Fran
cisco Boys' High School, that may a few
years hence become some of the university
record-makers of the coast, held a field
day yesterday afternoon in the Olympic
Club's grounds, that have recently been
restored to usefulness after being long ob
structed by a landslide.
The weather was cold and raw, and the
performances were not of the record
smashing kind, but the events were well
contested, in spite of the climatic handi-
smashing kind, but the events were well
contested, in spite of the climatic handi
cap.
It was a contest to determine the indi
viduals best fitted to represent tne school
in the coming fieldday of the Academic
Amateur Association, composed of all the
preparatory schools near San Francisco
Hay, and it also decided the ciass cham
pionship of the Lowell High School. The
senior, middle and junior classes entered
men for points, first place in an event
counting five, second three, and third one.
The class of 96 won sixty-eight points;
the class of ' 97 wa3a close second with fifty
points; and the lowest class, naturally
made up of younger boys, had twenty-two
points credited to" '98.
The rival partisans were well represented
in the grand stand, where a large number
of their sympathisers sat, and with
them, shivered, but still looked eagerly on
at the exhibitions of speed and agility.
Following are the events with tne "order
in which the participants came out, and
the figures for first place:
100-yard dash— Drnm '97, Taber '96. Choyn
ski '97; 11 1-5 sec.
Mile run— Shaw '96, Cutler '93; 9 mm.
11 2-5 see.
120-yard hurdles— '96, Drum '97,
Brettierlck '90 ; 21 1-5 s<?c
50-yard dash— Drum '97, Wolf '96, Marrock
'90: 6 2-5 sec.
440-yard run— Choynskl '97, Titus '96, Cul
len '9ts; 1 mm. 2 2-5 sec.
Mile walk— Walsh '97, Attken '96, S. Karfe
'96: 8 mm. 3 3-5 sec., establishing a new High
School record and beating the previous record
by l mm. 2-5 sec.
220-yard dash— Drum '97, Taber '96 ; 36 4-5
sec.
Mile bicycle— Russ '93, Bonifield '93; (Ro
doiph '98 fell); 6 mm. (> sec.
220-yard hurdles— Taber '96, Bretherick '96;
31 2-5 sec.
SSO-yard Shaw '96, Duncan '98, Aitken
'90; 2 nrin. 23 3-5 sec.
High jump— '97, Moeller '97, Mont
gomery '93; 5 ft. 2 in., equaling the record.
Broad jump— Dram '97. Taber '96. Mont
gomery '93 ; 19 ft. 7 in., breaking the record
by 12 in.
15-pound shotput— Ham '98, O'Connor '96
Wolf '96; 32 ft. 11 in., breaking the record by
1 it. 11 in. %
Pole vault— Waller '97, Walsn '97; S ft. 6 in.,
equaling the record.
10-pound hiitnmer-thro-vr— '96, O'Con
nor '00, Ham '9S; 72 ft. 7 in., establishing a
record.
Class relay mile race (six men from each
Class)— ' 96 won from '97 by 100 yajds.
« ♦ ■»
Koflanifi Gold Output.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 11.— A special
from Rossland, B. C, places the output of
gold for 1896 from the Trail Creek District
upon the basis of the present operating
force at $4,000,000, as a^ain6t 51,500,000 for
1895. It is estimated that there are 5000
people in tne district.
Fire at Sinaonn.
SISSONS, Cal., April 11.-Fire broke-put
here this evening and before the flames
were und^r control two hotels and a num
ber of other buildings were laid in rains.
NEW TO-DAY.
Jfe Oil I/O
$ SILKS.
4* —
j&. Some splendid values to be
£\ placed on sale to-morrow to keep
v 5" things "a-hustlins." See them—
■^ every one of them.
*
Jf Silk Dimities— a Yard.
«£, Something new for waists and full
"£? costumes, much preferable to the
Jt/. cotton wasn goods, evening and
jf street colorings.
4*
JT Black Brocades — a Yard.
,£, New stylish designs and splendid
*f? quality, set figures, brocades and
Jfc jacqnards on Gros-Grain, Gros ac
t? Londres and Taffeta grounds. Good
J^ value at $1 a yard.
J&
«f^- Fancy Silks— sl.oo a Yard.
•^jr -■ As we stated a short time ago, "Our
leading price" this season. No such
*.• silks else vhere for a dollar. For
J^s. waists, fu 1 costumes and trimmings
♦} we can give yon exquisite combina-
•&• tons of colorings in Dresden?, l'om-
». padours, Orientals, Brocades and
Stripes in floral effects, clusters,
J& sprays and set designs, For iini'igs
jj; a choice collection of striped de-
-4£4 signs and for evening wear the dain-
t tiest colorings in Brocaded Satin
•^- Duchesse. We are "hustlers" for
r^ good value in dollar silks.
I DRESS GOODS.
V Spring Plaids— soc a Yard.
V Some very choice styles in gray, tan,
Q » mode and beige grounds, illuminated
X with cross stripes of colored silk for
"•gr different colorings.
«|r —
4j Black Goods— soc a Yard.
* No such values for the money ont-
J^ Bide of this department. Striped
£ Crepons, Momie Crepons, Checked
•^r Crepons, Plain and Figured Mo-
jk hairs, Jacquards, Lusters, Serges,
<P Henriettas, Albatrosses and many
J£& other favorite weaves, the values of
£' which speak volumes for us.
*r
t Fancy Suitings— a Yard.
<£. On Monday we will place on sale a
■^/ line of Imported Novelty Silk and
A- Wool Mixtures, Genuine Scotch
J: Cheviots and English Tailor Suit-
■«s>r ings in a lanje variety of styles and
»_ colorings. All bright new effects,
■^ that couldn't be told from materials
jtt at twice the price.
j^
me
| KOTELTT PATTERS SUITS.
•^*s- We have just received by express
ti some exquisite single Dress Patterns
*i- in bilk and Mohair Crepons, Dres-
den Suitings and Silk and Wool
4 Mixtures. Each one different. The
■4«r prices range from $10 to $20 apiece.
% If yon want style and exclusiveness,
see them.
*
%»»»»4>»»»»»»q^
STREET LIFE IN ENGLAND
Monsignor Nugent Draws Pic
tures of the Waifs of
English Cities.
DEFENDS THE UNFORTUNATES.
A Large Audience in Metropolitan
Hall Entertained by the Emi
nent Priest,
Monsignor Nugent, the eminent English
prest, told a wonderful story last night in
Metropolitan Hall, and those who heard
the venerable and picturesque visitor were
profoundly impressed by his eloquence,
touched by his pathos and entertained be
yond expression by his humor.
It was a wonderful story— "The Waifs
and Strays; Pictures of Street Life in Eng
land" — and one that formed aa entertain
ment long to be remembered.
Metropolitan Hall could not hare con
tained a dozen more people. Admittance
was free and the fame of the Monsignor
attracted an immense throng, so that after
the last seat was occupied fully a thousand
persons packed the aisles, leaving no place
in the whole interior vacant. Nor was the
platform reserved, for anxious men. and
women pressed against it on both sides
and found standing-room there.
H. S. Foqte, United States District At
torney, presided. In a happy speech he
introduced Monsignor Nugent, who was
overwhelmed with applause. The entire
audience applauded, then stood and
cheered for the grand old clergyman.
It was some time before tiit; Monsignor
found an opportunity to speak, and then
he told the audience that its greeting wab
a noble recognition of his efforts in the
cause of humanity. He said mere was no
better place to study mankind than within
the walls of a prison. As chaplain of the
Liverpool prison that fact was impressed
on him. Once he met a young man — a
youth of 21— with a face that did not be
speak a bad heart. Here was a likely sub
ject for reform.
"Try your hand on the kids, sir," ex
c!a:med this prisoner. "Talk to them and
they wiil never see the inside of a stone
jug-"
"Prevention is better than cure,"
thoncht the chaplain, and he acted upon
I the thought.
He said there were 100,000 boys and girls
in London and 25,000 in Liverpool— "dirty,
naked, shoeless children; nobody's chil
dren, desolate and homeless wanderers
without a heart to love or a hand to guide
them. ' In them talent and genius was
! running to waste in the gutter, and with
I care and education they would equal tbe
j talent and genins of the upper ten tuou
i sand. Pictures of street Jife were given to
j prove this assertion. The monsignor
I spoke to two urchins on the streets, tiny
\ shoeblacks.
"E oaaal shine your boots, sir," one lad
piped. "Is father is a chimbley sweep,
sir; knows nothing about shining, sir.
I '/Put your toot on my block, sir, and I'll
shine your blooroin' boot for nothin', sir."
The shoe was shined.
"Now, sir," added the boy, "I'll shine
the other boot for a penny, sir.' 1
The bagger boys with their plaintive
tales were described— father dead, mother
sick, etc.— and the Monsiprnor said more
likely the father was at tea and the mother
HUSTLING AND BUSTLING
.aXjILj the ti:m::e.
That's the way it is with us. People say things are dull
in San Francisco and merchants go around with gloomy
faces. Why is it ? What's the reason ? The harder the
times and the scarcer the money the more the effort should be.
We don't sit down on top of a case, bemoan the times and
wait for a stray customer. That's the old-time way of doing
things. We're up and "hustling," give bargains, show the
new fashionable things at prices that people can pay and
keep our departments "bustling" day in and day out. It
keeps everybody in good humor, both the customers and the
clerks, and that's what makes trading at our establishment
doubly pleasant. Price is the main incentive, though, and
we name them pretty low. Come and see what "THE NEW
MAZE" is. __^
CLOAKS.
Some Special Values from tha
most " Hustling and Bustling "
Department in the City.
Beaded Veloux Capes — $5 each
Another shipment just received. Fol-
low the dp'cription, every word of it
a fact: 130 inches In the sweep, 19
inches Ion?, falling in ripple pleats over
the shoulder, elaborately trimmed in
black jet beads, lined all through with
changeable silk» finished at collar with
a satin-edge net ruche and chiffon bow
at the neck. How does that sound for a
$5 enpe? Come and see them and
you'll just grab like the others have
done.
Silk Lined Jackets— each
Also a surprise. The/re made of the
new tan-colored English Kersey Cloth,
box front, standing collar, " Bishop
sleeves, finished with cuffs, three
stitched seams and Van Dyke points,
studded with snail pearl buttons on
back, front buttons with a fly and orna-
mented with six large handsom* pearl
buttons, three-quarters lined with silk,
a most stylish and jaunty coat that
would easily command $12 50 were we
disposed to ask it.
CHILDREN'S
JACKETS.
Our assortment of Reefers in all the new
clnths Is beyond description. Ererv
color, every gtyle, and at prices from $1
to f?l5 apiece. Our Children's Depart-
ment is head and sholders ahead of any
In the City. Special values in sizes 4 to
10, at $2 50 and $5.
MILLINERY.
This department has made wonderful
strides under the new management this
season. Seems as though all the ladies
in the city wantod to set their hats
here. A special feature ith us now is
tine stylish TRIMMED HATS for $5,
.fT 50 and .*lO. They're nicer by lar
than double the price would have
' bought in former seasons. Our designers
are fully in touch with the latest
productions, and you would be
doing yourself and your purse an in-
justice not to interview them.
** *Prqp** o*#6& HOJXC?^
drunk. "Don't be angry at him if he lies
to yon," pleaded the speaker. "He's no
body's child; what does he know; what
can he know?"
Thi9 led to a description of the young
girls, the ballad-singers of English citiei,
of whom a most pathetic picture was
drawn and the words burst from the
speaker:
Oh, !t is pitiful.
In a groat cityful,
Friend she had none.
Here the picture was realistic to a pain
ful degree, and the sadness of it all, as told
by the Monsignor, brought tears to many
an eye in the large audience.
In concluding, Mgr. Nugent pleaded
with his hearers to work for the waits
and outcasts of society, regardless of creed,
and in the interest of Humanity.
AN ANGEL ISLAND EPISODE.
The Sinnck Martie Wrecked on the
Shoals— Rescued by Soldiers.
An incident of interest almost amount
ing to a mild excitement varied the usual
uneventful quiet of the military post at
Angel Island yesterday afternoon.
A fishing smack hovered near the wharf
as though trying to make a landing. As
boats are not allowed to land without
permission, a corporal of the gaard went
down to warn it off. But though com
mands are potent on the shore tticy were
idle when directed to the wind, which was
blowing strong in shoie. While attempt
ing to jibe, the boat stranded upon the
beach, where the rapidly ebbing tide bade
fair to leave it.
The vessel was the Martie, manned by
one boy of about 15 years, and was bring
ing another boy to join some friends pic
nicking on the"island. The orlicer of the
day was notified, and after viewing the
wreck he sent for thirty or forty soldiers
and some ropes. Two old ropes were rim ;
brought, tied together and made fast to ';
the stern and then carried out en the I
wharf. Twenty brawny soldier boys ;
Leaved, the little rope gave way and ten !
brawny bluecoats measured their lengths. \
The b:g rope was then tried alone. Once'
more they heaved. "All ready ; together; |
heave!" C-c-crack. Another" break, buc !
this found the soldiers guarded. Then a j
brand new rope was made fast, this time ]
to the bow.
The water had now pone down so as
barely to lap the smack, and the keel was
well imbedded in the sana. But once
more, ail being ready, the Bignal was
given. The new rope held, and presently
the smacfc was in deep water. Once afloat
the momentum of the swell carried the
boat into the wharf, and everybody looked
to see the mainmast broken as the craft
shot under the landing. But willing
hands outstretched broke the shock, and,
with much advice, the sailor lad was sent
on his way rejoicing.
SEATTLE DIVORCE SUIT.
Affidavits Accusing Mrs. Daw son of Drunk
enness During the Los Angeles
Fiesta.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 11.— Two sensa
tional affidavits favoring the plaintiff were
f.led to-day in tho divorce else of Dr. L. R.
Dawson against his wife, Mamie C. Daw
son.
The affiants are George Kinsey and his
wife. Lottie Kinsey. of Los Anpeles. Mrs.
Kinsey (fornierlv Lottie Evans) was from
1393 to 1595 Mrs. Dawson's maid.
Kinsey's affidavit sets forth that Mrs.
Dawson was drunk during the flower car
nival in Los Aneelcs in 1394. In the affi
davit of Mrs. Kinsey. Coionel W. J. Fife, a
tragedian of Tacoma, is implicated, as is
also Charles Esplin Jr. of Ibis city and
Messrs. Esterbrook and Clomeut of Ala
raeda and Oakland, respectively.
In 1864 a national coll»j> for deaf mutes
I was founded at Washington.
SUITS.
The Finest Class of Tailor Work
Done to Special Order, Our
Prices Are Right.
Ladies' Suits, $5.00 Each.
Perfect miracles, nothing short of it. One
style is made of Black and Navy Blue
Ladies' Cloth. Blaser Jnckets with new
6tyle Slashed Sailor Collars and Six-
gored Skirts. The other is made of some
material in the same colors. New style
Blazer Jp.cket, trimmed with Braid and
Pearl Buttons on the Reveres. Larpe
Sleeves and Full Ripple Back. Full-
gored Skirts lined throughout and
bound with Velveteen-. All sizes in both
styles.
Ladies' Tailor suits, $15 Each
Made of fancy Mottled Imported Cheviots.
Jackets cut in the new single-breasted
square-shfipe fronts, with ripple backs,
fancy Novelty Collar and turned-back
Cuffs, trimmed with Gilt Tinsel, Mixed
Braid nnd ornamented with Droden
Buttons. The Skirts are extra full-
flowinp shape, lined all through with
rustle percaline and finished at bottom
with velveteen binding. The Jackets
are lined all through with fancy silk,
and the entire suit finished in first-class
tailor work.
Stanley Waists, 75c Each.
A large line of those popular waists in a
multitude of patterns that are a! wars
found at $1, ?1 25 and $1 50 apiece. *A
large buy as a Job enables us to place
them before you at this price. All sizes
on hand.
TRIMMINGS.
New Spanned and Beaded effects, half
inch wide at 15c, 20c, and 25c a yard.
New Persian and Spangled effects, 1-inch
wide at 75c a yard.
High Grade Novelties in brilliantly Span-
gled Point Veniso Batiste Borderingg, 2
inches wide at $1 28 a yard; 3 Inches
wi.le at $1 50; 4 inches wide at $2 25 a.
yard.
Butter Color Laces, new designs, S-Inch
at sc ; 3-inch at 10c and 4-lnch at 20c &
yard.
AS TO PROPERTY IN LAND
Verdict Against Private Owner
ship at the Y. M. C. A.
Debate.
LIVELY ECONOMIC DISCUSSION.
J. F. Leicester and A. H. Santorn
Take Opposite Sides on the
Question.
The Single Taxers, or at least the single
tax idea, gained a victory in the debate
last evening at the Young Men's Christian
Association, The subject was. "Is Prop
erty in Land Any More Justifiable Than
Property in Human Beings?" and the de
bate was held by and under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. Literary and Debating
Society.
There was a large and interested audi
ence present, the debate was spirited and
the verdict rendered by vote at the close
of the evening was against private prop
erty in land, at least in so far as the system
can be maintained in logic
The affirmative was maintained by J. F.
Leicester, the president of the society,
while the negative was championed by A.
H. San born. The contestants came pre
pared with all the weapons of polemical
warfare— books, manuscripts and pencils —
and they were all brought into play.
Leicester said that after man's liberty
the right of possessing property is num
bered among his dearest prerogatives, and
that, while it was impossible for savages
ami is still impracticable for nomadic
tribes to enjoy this right, as soon as tribes
came together into communities they
found that their happiness depended
largely upon the degree of security which
they possessed of reaping the rewards of
their cultivation of the soil.
"Of course, it may be argued," said he
"that the right of holding lands keeps
others from enjoying the produce ;f that
land, but the same argument would al so
apply to personal property of all kinds.
If land-holding were as wrong as s'ave
holdin? its results would be is disastrous
Who will say they are?'
Sanborn, in reply, stated that the most
peculiar thing m connection with the
question at issue was that the proponents
of landholding never cared to araue the
question. 6
Taking up the arguments of Leicester he
said that in primitive times a man worked
by himselt and for himself, and that there
was no such thing as society or commu
'The very statement made by my op
ponent, said he, "that a man has a
nght to what he bus produced by his own
labor is a refutation of his own argument.
\N hat man can say 'I have produced a
single square foot of land by mv in
dustry? Every speck of land tha"t ex
ists to-day existed lons before my opDo
nent made his entry into this vale of
tear?.
"The argument that a man who culti
vates a rosebush and produces a beautiful
rose has a rigtu to the piece of land on
which it was produced for generations to
come is an argument that has tilled the
coders of the Rothschilds, the Goulds and
the Huntingtons. It is an argument that
has caused men to commit suicide for lack
of bread with which to soothe cue pangs ol
WASH GOODS. I
_ *
Like the April skies our stock is 2
always changing — new things are vST
arriving each diy and each day's *2»
styles are more charming. \
Novelties at 15c a Yard. £*
All fresh, crisp and new, just 3^
opened and as inviting as a Christ- 4jy
nias dinner — Dotted Swisses in light /^
blue, pink, nile, maize and the new | ''^r
linen color; new Dimities in bro-
caded effects; new Lawns in floral ;ij
effects; new Organdies in Dresden 4»?»
and Persian printings; Dotted Cj
Bishop Lawns in dainty spring de- "^
signs,. and a new line of Revered /*
Dimities in all the new colorings. "^
The handsomest styles yet pro- .££»
duced. ,2
*
French Organdies — 3OC a Yard *$r
The same exquisite patterns that .>2»
you see marked at 50c a yard in the i
downtown credit stores. You can -sjy
save 20c a yard by buying them of
us *nd paying the cash. Won't it "^T
be worth while? .£V
New Duck Suitings, ->^
7 i-2c Yard. *|»
100 pieces of them, mostly light jt
colors, but a fair sprinkling of the tST
new linen shade and medium A '
grounds among them. They're the ;£
regular 10c kind. 4J3»
— *
Scotch Zephyrs, 8 l-3c Yard. 0
All the new desiens in small and O
large check plaids. The recent X
tumble in prices back East where O
they grow enables us to name this (X
price for the best 12>£c qualities. V
LINENS. i
Attention, housekeepers! If yon 3'
have any apare coin invest it here, "*y
Cream Table Damask, all pure flax, s*
60 inches wide, ten different designs, "^T
good value at 55c a yard, on sale at ±2+
32c. ' :f
Silver-bleached Damask, 62 Inches 3
wide, new patterns, value at 65c, on 7jT
sale at 39c a yard. si
&>
Cream Damask Towels, 39 inches .3
long by 19 inches wide, value for ty
$2 25 doz.,on sale at $1 50 a doz. i£»
DRAPERIES. I
Nottingham Lace Curtains, 54 inches -^
' wide, 3>£ yards long, value at $2 25 ,3
a pair, on sale at $1 50. "^s*
Chenille Portieres, with double- "•
knotted fringes and dadoes top and "^
bottom, all colors, value at $3 a pair, jJL
on sale at $1 95 a pair. "^ST
— 4
Chenille Table Covers, with heavy ,3
knotted fringes all around, 4-4 sire
at 3!) c and 6-4 size at 95c, both of iL
. extra value. v»
&»
Our Spring and Summer Catalogue ■
is now at command. Sent free -^
to any section of the coast. Sena ri
us your name and addiess for one. "^-
-2.
hunger, and has filled the land with
;hieves and beegars.
"We want freedom, but we don't want
the kind of freedom that was given the
man w bo was taken to the center of the
Atlantic ocean, dropped in and told he
had liberty to swim ashore. We are not
hunting for that kind of liberty." [Laugh
"And, now," said the speaker in conclu
sion, "let me state that there is no greater
crime a man can commit to-day than to
question the condition of the social fabric.
It was so in the case of Christ, of Luther
and of John Brown. Reformers to-day
need expect no other treatment. Truly, for
the 'New Man' there ia no God in Israel."
The affirmative then reviewed the an
swers of the negative, and said that as the
audience seemed to aeree with the nega
tive as regards slavery they might go to
Africa and sell themselves into bondage
for the fun of it.
A vote was then taken with the result
that a large majority supported the nega
tive. The question was then thrown open
to the house.
SIGHTED A WATERSPOUT.
Unusual Phenomenon Witnessed
by the Crew of the Chilean
Ship Republic
Passed in Close Proximity to a Whirl.
ing Cloud Extending From Sky
to Sea.
PORT TOWN SEND, Wash., April 11.-
Captain Lerish of the Chiiean ship Re
public, arriving this morning from Iquique,
brought into the branch Hydrographic
Office the first report ever made here of an
experience with a waterspout on the Pe.
cific Ocean. A waterspout was sighted by
the vessel at 11 :50 o'clock on the morning
of March 25 in latitude 35 dee. 30 mm. and
longitude 131 deg. 43 mm. The first indi
cation of the storm was a squall, which
struck the vessel suddenly and increased
in fury every moment. Soon afterward a
strange-looking cloud was noticed some
miles distant.
The men aboard the vessel kept a sharp
watch on the cloud, and they describe its
development as both grand and wonder
ful. First it was merely a tiny black
speck, which rapidly developed" into a
cone-shaped affair, with the vortex point
ing downward. The cloud seemed to
lower until it met the water and ther, as
suming the appearance of an hour-glass,
it whirled the water high into to* air, the
phenomenon being necompanied by a dull
rumbling sound similar to that of a pass
ing train.
When it dawned upon the captain and
crew that they were uncomfortably near a
waterspout, with the wind blowing in fitful
gOSts, they lost no time in crowding on all
sail and getting away from the dangerous
vicinity. Just how long the waterspo-it
lasted no one on board is prepared to aav
although th&t evenins, when the sun went
down, it was still plainly visible.
Shipmasters here say that waterspouts
in the vicinity mentioned are of very rare
occurrence.
Royalty at Venice
VENICE, Italy, April 11.— Emperor
"William and Empress Augusta arrived
here this creum^ ou the German Imperial
yacht Hohenzollern. K;ns Humbert and
Queen Margherua boarded tne yacht a-id
exchanged cordial greeting, later the
tmperor and Empress landed and visited
w. e a^ n .d^ eea - .■ M^««hu^,m■Pyrj)AY. AI»RIL 12, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thjcatei:.— -Tlie Courier of Lyons."
AJiroRNiA TnKATF.n— "The Night Clerk."
c ) -vma 1 hf.4tv.k- "Pii<l.!'iiiie:i<l Wilson."
l^oKofco's cr FFA-liovs> -"Doris."
1 tvi i t OPKHA-llorsK.— "Blue Heard."
CBrKirrM.— Hjjh-Class VnuderiUn.
OWtOTEM*m AICA7AK.— "Ranch 10."
Thkauditobium— Corner of Jones and Eddy
strtets — Sisrnorlna Estrcla Brlinfante.
avmtorhm-Mlss Carrie Bowes, Thursday
evening, April 16.
Y. M. C. A. Halt,, comer Mason and Kills sts.—
Harmony Chora! Club in "Gallta," for th<! benefit
of tho l'ro:estant Ku-.scopal Old hadlcs 1 Home,
i-onday evening. April 13.
Mktbopoi.'.tax Tinn.it- Mormon Tabernacle
Choir, Wednesday, Aiir 1 15.
6OCBO Coxky Island— Grand Athletic f.xhlbi-
licn and Concert.
Ei, t -Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Su ad ay.
Goi>dkn Uatk rAJiK— Golden G»t« Park Band. I
t-llooT t»iv: CiuTKs— Daily at llal^ht street, I
*:•• tlock tast of tfc*> I'ark.
J'*i ihc Coast JockkvClcji.— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Gnonm- F. I.axisok— Monday, April IS.
furniture, at 2517 California st , at 11 o'clock.
By 8. juscu— Monday, April 18. Chinaware,
et ■ at 819 Sutler st., At 10:30 o'clock.
By Kastov A F.i.i»mr>oE— Wednesday, April lr>.
Oil l'alntinga, at Maple Hall, l'alace Hotel, at IS
o'clock.
EAi.nwiN 4 HAUSfONP.— Thursday, April 16,
Real l'stati?, at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at IL' o'clock,
By Bovr.K, Toy A Soxntao— Tuesday, April 14,
rteal Kstate. at salesrooms, 19 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By I.AYMAxrK--Baturday. April 18, Berkeley
jßeal l.staio nt a i\ m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Olivet Presbyterian Church Is to be entirely
remodeled.
The weather predictions for to-day are: brisk
•outlierly winds.
A benefit is being planned in the Italian
Colony for wounded Italian soldiers.
General Chipmnn of the State Board of Trade
has prc-?e:;ted his sixth annual report.
Tne Latter-day Saints will hold their semi
annual conference at Pythian Castle to-day.
The will of Sims Isancs, leaving an $9000
estate to relatives, has been tiled for probate.
Monsignor Nugent spoke to a large audience
Jn Metropolitan. Hall last night on waifs of
English cities.
The deposition of H. C. Chamblin in favor of
"Lurky" Baldwin in the Abhley-Ealdwin case
lias been received.
Otto Feudner won the Fay diamond medal at
the California State Sportsmen's Association
tournament yesterday.
The Market-street Company holds out ln
dncenientß to passengers on the Bolano-street
line which it does not fulfill.
Many prominent building contractors are
f igning nn agreement to support the Building
Trades Council's working cards.
A clever showing of drawing in the public
Ben cols was made at the office of the Superin
tendent of City Sihools last week.
The Slate sanitary convention will be held
under the ausiices of the State Board of
Health at Los Angeles on the 20th inst.
The Merchr-nts' Association hns addressed a
letter offering all tiie privileges of the assocla
tion to the lately organized Cycle Boara of
Trade.
Th. Lowell High School athletes held a field
day yesterday tod broke a few school records.
Dior class won the championship lor
points.
A MCMPt John D. Siebe is inclined to treat
Ugl.r.y ihe statement that the tax-roll for the
curr> in year is several millions short of that
oi l-OS.
Professor David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University spoke last night at Golden Gate
Hall in favor of the adoption of the new
charter.
The California Safe Deposit Company is
to have the directors of the I'eople's
Home Savinn Bank removed for mismanage
ment of the tank's affairs.
Cadmus won the Ormonde stake at Ingleside
vesu-nl-.y. The ether winning horses were:
LuuiiiiH, d. B. Morris, Dungarven, Sir Vassar,
April nn<i Adoiph Spreckels.
Frederick Helms, SG years of age, who claims
lie 1? the oldest violin-player in the United
Btateg, dm been compelled to seek shelter for
bis declining years in the Almshouse.
Euima Ducos, 'Jl years of age, a nursegirl,
y arrived from Texas, was booked at
the City Prison last night lor grand larceny,
in stealing from two of her employers.
Frank Boefler, alias Frank Miller, is in dan
ger oi being indicted for what is thought to be
h ni'ircler. Miller is the butler who killed a
supposed burglar in Julius Franklin's house.
Stanford won the intercollegiate tennis
Championship from the University of California
yeateiday, on the California courts. Freeman
and Picher playing against Magee aud Gage of
Berkeley.
About twenty members of the class In chari
ties and corrections at Stanford University vis
ited ihe l'olice Courts of this City yesterday
with Professor M. K. Smith of the department
of economics.
The Woman's Christian Temperance Union
of this City is preparing to celebrate Franchise
day. April "7, and the birthday anniversary
ul Mrs. B. Bturtevant Peet, by a large reception
at one of the hotels.
C. P. Huntinjrton is said to have his plans
all laid to purchase the Atlantic and Pacific
and extend it to a connection with tne Sf.
Loots and Pan Francisco, and thereby gain
entrance to St. Louis.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald is reported as
Baying that he believes l'olice Commissioners
AJvord aod Tobin have iiot a life tenure of
office, and says he is iv sympathy with the
liiovement to oust them.
Stanley Lytton. an electrician, was caufcht In
vinfc shaft in the California Wire Works,
Bay ar '1 Mason streets, yesterday afternoon,
an'l I hd both bones of his left arm broken, be
■ides being otherwise injured.
The Board of Health is somewhat worried
over the contradictory reports rendered by a
Grts.d Jury committee mid Chief Market "in-
Bpei • r Ben Da via regarding ihe condition of
the ■ ipplies at the City and County Hospital.
Trie San I'rancisco and San Mateo Electric
Railroad ;.as>ed out of the possession of Beh.
rend Jor.st yesterday by virtue of a judgment
upon a foreclosure of mortgage, and whs pur
chased by John A. Buck and Nicholas Ohlaudt
for $300,000.
The Kfl)(.:arship convention at the San Fran
« toco Busin< n suited in the Destowal
of free scholarships upon David Kosminsky,
Fred Pattison, Julia Keesing, Kitty chambers,
Maggie Kelson, Fred ll<>!mau, Herbert fchirek,
Albert Kazeto. Morris Hixaon.
Mrs. Stanford's representatives voted against
C. P. Huntington for president at the Southern
Pacific election on Thursday under her special
instructions. This was the first open opposi
tion to the HuntingtOD regime since his elec
tion to the presidency six years ago.
This Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock there will
be a prand rally of men only nt tho Christian
Association building, Ma*on and Kills streets,
when a short, Interesting address will be de
livered Dy !Icv. JT. "'. Smith. Special music and
iin lateresting service. No ladies admitted.
Mr- M. J. Coleman is suing to have the roar
riaE<- of her son, F. W. Davis, to Carrie M.
Davis annuJl"d on the ground that he was not
(.f &k>- at the time of tne oeremony. They
were married in Han Die^o in iseptemtjer, 1594.
The proom will not be 21 until the end of next
month. He lived with his wife but a few days.
Over 293 members of the Mission Defence
RBion have hie i answers to the suit brought
by the Noe l.eir*. At a well-attended meeting
of the club held last evening Attorney Duzer
declared the claim of the Noe heirs to be
absolutely worthless, and strongly advised
club members no; to be frightened into buying
quitclaim deeds.
Kastcr Music.
The musical (ervioei given on Easter Sun
day at Uu 'nurch of St. Mary the Virgin will
b* repeated to-day, the oc:ave of the Easter
At Ll:15 o'clock there will be the
solemn procession, "Hall Festal Day." The
r.flic will be "Adlam" In E Oat, organist 8. H.
I'rau. At Grace Episcopal Church the Ka«ter
music vi. also be r-pea:ed at the morning
service.
— • — ♦-— » —
Burglary on IJiitth Street.
The bakery of Mrs. H. Mallett, 702 Bush
mn't vn^ bi Idly entered by thierea yesterday
and the till containing .*."» stolen. Mrs. Mftl
leit \vh- absent, but her daughter wi\s ot home
at the time and unable to resist the burglars.
A similar theft occurred at the suiue pluee four
jeaii ago.
The Century Club.
The members of the Century Club held their
annual reunion and dinner at the I'aiaee Hotel
yesterday afternoon. There were 185 ladies
present. Many papers wire read und the
speeches 'were also iiunierouc. There was an
et>u!id>:i;ce of music nnd the occasion was
made vry pleasant.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Last of the Oldtime United
States Revenue Cutter John
F. Hartley.
13 TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OLD.
Almost a Fatality Owing to a Donkey
En; in: Topp ing Off Lombard-
Street Wi.arf.
The revenue cutter Hartley will proba
biy never again do service in the bay for
trie Custom-house oinciab. She is now
laid up for repairs and the gasoline launch
Amy i* carrying the inspectors to the vari
ous foreign Incoming ships. The cylinder
heads of t c Hartley's engines are in such
condition that it is dangerous to run her.
The plans for these were burned up in the
Ris lon Iron Works fire, about live year 3
ago, and the only way of securing dupli
cates is by sending to Washington.
To do this would entail a long delay and
the subsequent work of repairing would
run into months. In the meantime the
new cutter, tne Golden Gate (a picture and
description of which have been published
The Old Revenue Cutter John F. Hartley That Has Seen Her Last Year of Sir vie©. Ber Engines Can
not Be Repaired for a Long Time, and in a Couple of Months the New Golden Gate Will Be Ready.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
in The Call), will be completed and ready
for service and then the Government will
have a launch for sale. The little cutter,
that has lived through seven administra
tions and earned the officers of as many
different Collectors of the Port, is now to
be placed in rotten row. She will be the
tirst revenue cutter on the Pacific Coast to
be placed on the retired list, and as such
she will go down in history.
The John F. Hartley was built in San
Francisco over twenty-live years ago and
has been in continuous service ever since.
During her life she has been almost re
built half a dozen times and this is the
last stiie. Had the drawing for the cylin
der heads not been burned up she might
have struggled along for a few motnhs,
but now her time has come, and if she is
seen on the bay again it will not be under
the revenue Mac.
The race between two crews of the South
End Itowing Club, stated to be postponed
in yesterday's issue owing to the illness of
a member of the .Blister's crew, will take
1 place at 11 o'clock to-day, weather per
mitting, off the South End's boathouse,
; Ed Scully having consented to row in the
place of Harry Smith. The crews are as
follows: Barge South End— Henry Bode,
: bow; Robert McArthur, forward-waist and
captain; Gus Carson, after-waist; Frank
Duplissea, stroke; George McGnll, cox
swain. Barge The Blister— T. F. Barry,
bow; Ed Scully, forward-waist; Dave
i Campbell, after-waim; George Bates,
'■. stroke; Tommy Gilfeather, coxswain.
El Campo will be the principal attrac
; t ; on to-day. It is the opening of this fay
; onte picn'c resort and the attendance is
1 sure to be large, as the accommodations
I are of the best. Steamers will leave at
i 10:30 A. m. ?nd 12:10, 2 and 4 p. m. The
Sportsmen's Protective Association will
iilno have an excursion to Schuetzen Park.
Boats lor that point will leave at 9:30 and
'• 11 a. m. and 1 :'SO and 3:30 p. m.
The ferry steamer Oakland broke down
on her S:3O A. m. trip ye.-terday. One of
the shafts Droke. but the vessel managed
to reach her destination with only one
paddle-wheel. One trip from Oakland
was missed and the Piedmont brought
over adouble list of Dassengers on the 9:45
a. m. trip. Later the Newark took the
place of the Oakland and will continue run
ning until repairs have been made. The
supposition i.s that a pile pot into the
wlieelfand caused the breakdown.
The Pacific Maii Company's steamer
Acapulco arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday with a full cargo and quite
a number of passengers. There was a rush
to land the cargo, and in the hurry the
men who had charge of the donkey-engine
forgot to Hcrew it down to the wharf. The
company's stevedore hn<l given official in
structions to pee that this work was at
tended to, and because of the failure to do
bo there was almost 8 disaster. Wnen the
pull came on the slinfr the donkey-engine
cave, and when the tide swung the steam
er's stern out over went the eneine, and
took Engineer Gus Franks and Longshore
man John Yietheer with it. The latter
was descending the gangplank when the
smokestack of the donkey struck him ana
cut i.is sCaln in three places. Franks
went to the bottom of the bay with the
engine, but on reaching the surface caught
hold of a rope nnd reached the deck. He
never .said a word to any one, but at once
went to Mission-street wharf to secure
another encine. In consequence the
rumor was prevalent for half an hour that
he was buried nnder the engine.
Among the passengers on the Acapulco
was A. F. Kye, late purser of the Mail
Company's steamer Aztep. All the Panama
Meamers have been short of coffee as
called for by tha manifest of late, and the
pursers and freight clerks are being called
upon to explain. There was a shortage
on the City of Sydney, and both the purser
and freight clerk were suspended. Both
have been exdneTated. The Aztec was six
sacks short on her last trip, and now Mr.
Nye has to explain.
Piper, Aden, Goodall & Co.'s fleet of
schooners have more to do than they can
accomplish in a fortnight. At the present
time they are carrying coal to Stockton
for the Corral Hollow Valley road, an 1 to
morrow they will be.-in transportinc 500,
--OCO sleepers for. the San Joaquin Valley
road. At the same time they are carrying
rais to Alvi*o for- the Santa Clara Valley
Railway, so that outsiders hnve to scour
th c water front for bay and river schoon
ers. ■' ;' ■■■--
A Poolseller (Sentenced.
William Dolan, a poolsellcr, who was con
victed in Judge Joacljimseu's court oo Tburs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRTL 12, 1896.
day, for violating the pool ordinance, appeared
yesterday morning lor sentence. The Judge
imposed a fine of $50, with the alternative of
fifty days In the County Jail. Dolnn's attorney
gave notice of appeal.
SPRING EXHIBITION.
Committee of Artists on Rejection Ap
pointed—Association Prizes An
nounced.
The spring exhibition of the San Fran
cisco Art Association will be opened at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art next
Thursday evening. On this occasion there
will be a reception for members only.
There will be music and light refresh
ments.
For five weeks after April 16 the exhibi
tion will be open daily from 9 a. m. until
5 p. m. During this period there will be
one free day— the first Friday in May.
Yesterday Artists Latimer, Yelland,
Chittenden, Matthews and Pissis were ap
pointed to constitute the committee of re
jection.
The exhibition promises to be fully tip
to the standard of such displays, fht asso
ciation has offered a prize of ?100 for the
best picture exhibited and $30 for the sec
ond best.
Lizzie Strong, a well-known painter of
animals, has Bent from Paris four pictures
for the exhibition. She was formerly a
pupil of the Ban Francisco School of De
sign, under Virgil Williams, and has since
gained honors in the Salon and elsewhere
tor the excellence of her work.
Benefit Concert.
Miss Edith Scott Waters and Miss Florence
Wyman will be given a benefit concert in
Maple Hall, Palace Hotel, on Thursday night.
The following performers will assist: Alired
Wilkie, tenor; Bernard Mollenhauer, violinist;
Fred Maurer, accompanist ; the Euterpe Quar
tet and 11. B. I'asTiiore's chorus.
REPORTS THAT DIFFERED
The Grand Jury Found One
Thing and a Market In
spector Another.
Ben Davis' Statements Contradicted
by C:mmi tecmea — Yay Bj
Invest : gated.
The recently rendered report of the hos-
I pital committee of the Grand Jury has not
I as yet been officially submitted to the
I Board of Health, and therefore no action
has been determined on by that body, but
some of the findings of the committee
\ have set the board to thinking, and it is
i not unlikely that an investigation may
i follow in the near future.
One of the thingi that strike the mem-
I bers of the board as peculiar is that the
I Grand Jury members reported that they
I had found the meat at the City and
\ County Hospital to be unlit for the use of
j the patients, while Chief Market In
i epector lien Davis, in his recently ren
; dered monthly statement, repoited that
| he had found all of the supplies of the hos
j pital to be in good condition.
While declining to express any judg
i ment on the matter p nding the official
I notice from the Grand Jury, it is evi
j dent that the members of the board are
somewhat worried at the discrepancy in
I the two reports, and that the subject will
! be given close scrutiny before it is allowed
| to drop.
Davis is supposed, in the course of his
, duty, to visit regularly all of the public
I institutions under the control of the Board
I of Health and to report on the condition
lof the food supplied to the inmates.
j Whether de failed to make his rounds as
| required by the department regulations or
j failed to report matters as We found tlieni,
or whether the three gentlemen who con
stitute the hospital committee of the Grand
i Jury were entirely mistaken in their esti
mate of the condition of the City and
Couny Hospital meat, must be decided by
! the board on the evidence it can get.
It is not long since Davis was under in
vestigation on charges of a serious nature
and came near losing his position, it was
alleged that he bad falsified his records in
order to cover an error or even worse
offense, and that he had been derelict in
his duty as Chief Inspector.
After the evidence was all in, Dr. Morse,
| one of the most conservative members of
I the board, declared himself to be decid
j edly of the belief that Davis was guilty
j and against retaining him longer in the
employ of the board. The other members
were inclined to take a more lenient view
j of the matter, however, and voted to re
l tain Davis. He was censured after being
warned to be more careful in the future,
and the matter dropped there.
Branching Out.
Will T. Valentine, the well-known all
round athlete, who for years has con
ducted a tailor-shop at 9 Powell street, has
removed to larger quarters at 510 Geary
street, near Taylor. Here he has branched
out with a complete merchant tailoring
establishment by putting in a full stock oi
the latest spring novelties. Mr. Valentine
is one of the young business men of this
City who may be contzratulated upon his
success, having begun in a small way a
few years ago an>J gradually built up a
lucrative patronage. The secret of his
success has been good workmanship and
strict attention to business. Mr. Valentine
is a popular member ot several organiza
tions, among them The Call Bicycle Club.
Between Two liives.
At the meeting of the Thecsophical Society
this evening in Red Men's Hall, 3'M Tost
street, Dr. Anne J. Patterson will deliver a
lecture on the subject of tiie after death state
from the standpoint of theosophy. The ad
dress will be entitled "Between Two Lives,"
JORDAN ON THE CHARTER
The Stanford President Lectures
in Favor of Its Adop
tion.
CORRUPTION WELL SCORED.
He Recommends Some Changes in the
Present Form of Municipal
Government.
Professor David Storr Jordan, president
of the Stanford University, delivered a
very interesting and comprehensive lec
ture on the proposed new city charter last
night at Golden Gate Hall, under the
auspices of the Civic Federation.
"I am not much of a politician," said
Professor Jordan, "and I certainly am not
before you as a reformer. Nor is it my in
tent to stir up your consciences. Rather
would I do something to stir up the public
brain, f^ that it may understand the mat
ters of public interest which most nearly
affect us. We must in the first place real
ize that, while the National system of
government is based upon the successful
building up of a great people, the govern
ment of cities looks rather to tbe well
being of individual sections and members
of the body politic.
"The government of California is well
said to bo beneath the level of its people.
Particularly is this the case in the realm
of municipal government. Perhaps it
would be well for Americana to study the
manner in which nn English city is ruled.
I am an old Californian in the general
sense, having been here fully tive years;
but in England there is an element of
permanency which we lack in this country.
There we find successive Generations liv
ing in one city; here we move from city to
city. Henc •," in this country, a certain
apathy regarding governmental matters is
more or less noticeable.
"Th< right for liberty made by our fore
fathers involved a great principle, which
was that the governing power resided of
right in the people.
"The result of this principle v as that we
tried to weaken tyranny by weakening
government, to make officials harmless by
making them powerless. We succeeded
in displacing individual tyranny by or
ganized tyranny, official tyranny by non
tjfliciitl tyranny. The season is that our
dependence upon these large co-ordinating
functions inheres in the situation, not in
our constitutions. The relations are
there with all the subordination and all
the domination which they naturally in
volve. In failing to adequately recognize
them we have not suppressed them but
merely failed to provide for their legiti
mate exercise.
"The political evolution of the century
has taken a different direction in England
from that noted in tne United States.
Little effort has been made to weaken or
scatter administrative authority. The
idea! has been not limited authority, but
conditional authority. Immense power
lias been recognized as a condition of ef
ficiency. Complete and immediate re
sponsibility has been sought as a condi
tion of us safe exercise. An English
Prime Minister can do anything, always
with this reservation — that if he doesn't
do the right thing he may cease to be
Prime Minister, and that without notice.
There can be no possible doubt as to the
relative satiafactoriness of these two prin
ciples.
"The authority conferred must be com
mensurate with the service required.
There must be strict accountability lor its
proper exercise. To this end, the author
ity lor specific acts mn.it be attributable to
specific individuals. It follows that one
individual should be responsible for ;he
whole of one transaction. If liie responsi
bility for integral operations is divided be
tween several persons they may prevent
efficient action on the one hand, or, if they
agree on wrong action, they may avoid
personal responsibility.
"Modern municipalities are closely an
alogous to large business corporations.
Their functions are essentially industrial.
Their different Industrial interests are
separate on their technological side and
require specialist superintendents, hut
on their financial side they are pans of an
organic whole. It is as impossible to
separate them as it would be to entrust
different lines of expenditure in a family
to the Independent control of different
members. The management of the budget—
i. c., the co-ordination of different lines of
receipt and expend it ore — is essentially an
Indivisible function and should be trusted
loan undivided functionary. The manage
ment of great corporations is instructive
on th's point. The survival of the littest
has put beyond question that the financial
(not the technological) management of a
railroad company shall be a responsible
autocracy as the only possible provision
for efficiency and safety.
"The collective interests of the City
oujiht to be treated in the same manner as
tho<-e of a large corporation. Our law
makers are now looked upon more as
attorneys or agents t!ian as rulers. It
seems to me that this involves a tremen
dous responsibility on the part of there
lawmakers. They are supposed to be the
faithful exponents and executors of the
popular will, and are tound by a solemn.
implicit agreement to iullill this sacred
trust reposed in them by the confidence of
the people. But the American people are
sometimes a little superficial in" their
understanding oi popular questions. Tliev
often confuse things. But the mass of the
people have level heads and sound hearts.
As Lincoln said, you may fool Fome of
people all the time and all of the people
for a uart of the time, but you can t iool
all the people all the time.
"The army and navy may be called In &
certain sense un-American. In both these
important branches bf government abso
lute authority is the rule. Soldiers and
sailors cannot, form opposing parties, con
tending for the balance of power. Their
only duty is to obey. Hence the American
army a:id navy are a credit to the Repub
lic, though not so l?rge as those of some
o:h'T nations. A similar system of govern
ment oiurhl to rule in cities. Villages can
be ruled by the people, but large cities re
quire a governmental regime which will
force and oblige public servants to do their
duty. If we are to have a Mayor, let him
be something more than a tigure-head at
meetings and banquets.
"Let us hold him responsible for the
right exercise of tho ruling power which
the people confide in him. This man,
thus kept before the public eve, would be
better than the mysterious political bo*s.
Bosses are well enough, save when their
schemes are in danger. There may be
honor among thieves, but there is none
among rats striving to escape from a sink
ing ship, nor among politicians In danger
of losing their coveted spoils.
"In one word, the government of our
cities should be un-American. The Nation
may be governed by popular representation
but in tiie cities the ruling principle should
be submission to authority."
THIEVING NURSEGIRL.
Emma Ducoi Has £een Here Two
Months and Rubbed Two of Her
Employers.
Emma Ducos, 21 years of age, was booked
at the City Prison last night by Detectives
Egan and Siivey on a charge of grand lar
ceny.
Emma came here about two months ago
from Gftlveaton, TeXas, ana soon after
ward was engaged by Mrs. St. (jermaiti,
2006 Dcviyadero street, as nursegirl. She
was there a week and left takiug with her
a valuable silk waist and other articles l>e
lon^ing to Mr*. St. Germain and a hat
and underclothing belonging to the house
maid.
She procured a situation with Godfrey
Fisher, 821 O'Farrell street, and in ten
days disappeared, taking with her a dia
mond Fittg valued at $125, a lot of silk
handkerchiefs and other articles.
Her next and last aupearanc* was at
the residence of Mrs. M. Sullivan, 2701
California street, hut she had |not time to
make her usual haul.
The police had been notified of the thefts
and Egan and Silvey traced her to Mrs.
Sullivan's residence. They went there on
Friday afternoon and found in her room
most of the stolen articles and a pawn
ticket for the diamond ring, which she had
disposed of for $11. They at once placed
her under arrest.
FOR WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
A Benefit Being Planned in the Italian
Colony.
A dramatic performance is being planned
under the direction of Cay. Calegaris and
Mrs. Ghibandi for the benefit of the
wounded Italian soldiers in Africa
As soon as the news of the disaster in
Abyssinia was telegraphed I' ltalia opened
a subscription Hat for the benefit of the
wounded and the assistance of the widows
and families in Italy left suddenly des-i
--lute hv the massacres. La Voce del Popolo
and the Italian Consul also opened sub
scription lists.
It is to aid l'ltalia's fund that the dra
matic benefit is beinp planned. That
newspaper has already raised the sum oi
$1400 dollar by dollar and cent by cent.
Over a thousand dollars of the amount has
come from small country places in this
State and from workmen ana ranch Hands
in Oregon. Wa-hington, Nevada and Idaho.
Many of the letters which have accompa
nied the amounts have been from people
who could scarcely write, and some of the
bellicose remarks on tne subject of the
Abyssinians contained in the letters have
been quaint and totWMtfng.
DEFENDING THEIR HOMES
Residents of the Mission Are
Actively Fighting the No 3
Claimants.
Attorney Van Duzer Says the Claim Is
Hopeless and Advise? Against
Quitc'aim Deeds.
The Mission Defense Union, organized
primarily for the purpose of resisting the
claims of the Noe heirs, had a well-attend
ed meeting last evening at their hall, cor
ner of Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
John H. Grady presided, and A. P. Van
Duzer, attorney for the club, acted as sec
retary. It was announced that the club
now had a membership of 551.
Attorney Van Duzer reported that dur
ing the week he had tiled answers for
sixty-three defendants, making 203 mem
bers of the club who are now in court. Ho
stated that there were now about thirty
attorneys interested in the case, and some
of these put in dilatory motions which
were materially delaying tne suit. It hav
ing been reported that some of the de
fendants had purchased quitclaim deeds,
Mr. Van Duzer said: "If there is any
thing absolutely certain on the face of the
earth it is that this iraudulent claim will
be defeated." He strongly urged mem
bers of the club not to purchase these
deeds, as they were absolutely worthless
and could not possibly improve their
titles.
It was stated that some individual had
been fraudulently sellinu quitclaim deeds.
A motion was carried to have the execu
tive committee wait upon District Attor
ney Barnes and see if tnis p arty could be
prosecuted.
Upon motion of Charles Spader a com
mittee consisting of Judge Van Reynegom,
Captain Young, D. Kelly, H. ISolte and
Charles Spader was appointed by the
chair to confer with the club's attorney in
drawing up a bill to be presented to Con
gress, calculated to discourage such suits
as that which is now troubling the resi
dents of the Mission.
President Grady reported for the Mis
sion High School Club that they had
passed a resolution indorsing the prop
osition the club advocated, but this, he de
clared, was only a preliminary step. He
urged the necessity of the members agitat
ing the question of a Musion High School
at every opportunity.
The matter of securing the property
formerly known a3 the Home of Peace
Cemetery for a park was informally dis
cussed. Communications were read from
Hebrew congregation! interested in the
property, in which they promised to give
their earliest attention to the club's propo
sition to purchase the land. Judge Van
fieynegom suegesteri that perhaps some
of the wealthy Hebrews whose families
had for years used those grounds as a
cemetery would be interested in having
their memories perpetuated by naming the
proposed pork for them. Mr. Walton said
he had come in contact, with a number of
the Jewish people and they seemed in
clined to do all they could to help the park
project.
George Walton spoke enthusiastically in
favor of having Dolores street declared a
boulevard. He expressed the opinion that
a boulevard could be made of Dolores
street that would put Van Kess avenue to
shame.
At the conclusion of the meeting all
present signed a petition for a Mission
High School.
Mr. Mnngflelri Arrives To-Day.
Richard Mrnsficld aud his New York Garrick
Theater Stock Company will arrive to-day, pre
paratory 10 opening at the Baldwin Theater
to-morrow night. During the first week of his
eiiguperuent he will present the charming
comedy "Ueau Brummell." The second week
will be devoted to his new; play, entitled "Tne
Story of Rodion, the Student," "Priuc« Karl"
and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.'' "The Parisian
Romance" will be given during the third week,
JUTE AT SAN QUENTIN
Warden Hale Has More Than
Four Million Grain Bags
on Hand.
FITZGERALD MADE PRESIDENT.
J. H. Wilkins, a San Rafael Lawyer
and Newspaper Man, Seated as a
Member of the Beard.
The Board of State Prison Directors met
in regular monthly session at San Quentin
yesterday. J. H. Wilkins of San Rafael,
the newly appointed member of the board,
took his seat after being introduced , by
Jacob Neff.
Director Fitzgerald was unanimously
chosen president of the board for the ensu-
ing year.
Professor Robinson of the Hamilton
Grammar School of this City presented a
petition in behalf of John McAdoo, who
was sent up in ISB9 for ten years for assault
to murder. Five years ago McAdoo "wan
dered away" from the prison and thereby
forfeited two years' credits. The petition
ers asked that these be restored, that Mc-
Adoo may bo soon released. Upon Profes
sor Robinson's promise to look after the
old tnan and be responsible for him the
petition was cranted.
Applications for pardons fnr Jose and
Francisco Alvigy were received and taken
under advisement. The two brothers were
sentenced to life imprisonment in 1879 for
tiie murder of Dutch John in Chular Can
yon, Monterey County.
The petition sets forth the fact that
Euladio Martinez, one of the chief wit
nesses ajrainst the brothers, died in prison
in 1887, and that on his death bed he con
fessed to Rev. William Hills of Berkeley,
then prison chaplain, that nis testimony
aeainst the brothers was perjured. At the
trial he had sworn that be rode by and
saw the brothers burning Dutch John's
body, and his testimony aided materially
in their conviction. H. V. Morehouse,
who was District Attorney of Monterey
County at the time, has written a letter
asKin:! that they be pardoned, as he be
lieves they have been punished enough by
sixteen years' imprisonment.
Ex-Prison Director J. J. Scrivener laid
before, the board a proposition to buy the
Gilrnan patents for bottle coverings made
of tviles.' He stated that, owing to the
reduction of the tariff, there was no proht
now in tiie manufacture. If the patents
were purchased it would give work for 200
prisoners, yet the product of their labor
would not come into competition with free
labor. The matter was referred to a com
mittee composed of Directors Wilkins, De
Pue and Htzseralci.
Warden Hale reported 337,000 grain bacs
sold and orders coming in rapidly. He
has 4,250,000 bags on hand .nn.l i 9 manufac
turing 15,000 a day. The Warden has re
ceived an Offer from Williams, Dimonti &
Co. for 25,000 sugar bags at J5 00 a hun
dred; also an offer of $5 a hundred for
10.000 ore bag-.
The board will meet at Folsom next
Saturday.
Blizpah Club Reception.
The members of the Mizpah Club and their
friends, to the number of probably 150, met
| lßst night «t the Occidental Hotel. There
were papers, speeches and music, and after
ward a sumptuous repa?t was served. Many
handsome toilets were vrorn by the Indies.
The programme was as follows: Tenor solo,
selection, Dr. Hodsrhead; recitation, selected.
Mrs. A list Shedd "Lanjrstroth; duet, Felected,
Professors Snncho and Lombardero; alto solo,
selected, Mi^s Cnrolyn Boyan: recitation, se
lected, John T. Housman; alto solo, Mrs. Olive
i Reed; selection, Figaro Club.
Released l'rom Custody.
Joseph Ott, indicted for signing his name to
a money order and receiving $7 SO on it, was
discharged from custody by United States Dis
trict Judge Morrow yesterday on recommenda
tion of District Attorney Foote. Ott, had
been in jail five weeks.
NEW TO-DAY.
u%. c^ c^ is
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
Sixth and Coord Sts.,S.F.,Cal.
Citrate Magnesia bottle 15c: dozen .$1 G5
Kagle Milk can 15c; case $7 (50
Palne's Celery Confcound. bottle 60c; perdoz 20
Williams' Pink Pills box 36c; dozen $4 00
Hood's Sarsaparilln bottle Gsc: dozen $S 00
Dr. J. C. Browne's Sarsaparllln.bot. 65c; rtoz $6 00
bCOtt'a Kmiilslon Ijottlc 65c; dozen f 8 00
Koot's Emulsion (same size Hcott's)
......bottle fiOc; dor.eri $5 50
Duffy's Malt Whisky bottle 75c; dozen $9 00
L.a Blnche Powder box 30c; dozen $H 50 |
Allcock's Porous Plasters....*. 10c; dozen i^l 20
Ayer's Hair V:;:or bottle 60c; d07.-n ij;7 IK)
Browne'H Hair Promoter.. .bottle 60c: dozen $-1 50
(Restores thin jtray hair to original boauty)
California Syrup Figs.: bo:tle 38c; dozen $-1 00
Hoot's Kyrup lTigs..i bottle 2lc; dozen $iJ 75
Drußs, Toilet Articles, Rubber Goods, Syringes,
Elastic Stocking, Trusses, etc.
SST Write for 40-page CUT-PRICE LIST.
PHYSICIANS' PRESCKIPTIOXS
Dispensed at , Wholesale Prices. A regular physi-
cian in charge of this department. Parke, Davis
& Co.'s Fluid Hxtracts Merck's Chemicals,
Wyeth's Pills and l.rauuiea invariably Used. >"o
commissions paid.
COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED.
Otrf I a if
April Showers will not injure
our clothing. They are made
to wear in rain orshlne. No
getting out of shape, no shrink-
ing, no wrinkling, no fading.
For future protection we give
awritten guarantee, warranting
garments to wear satisf acto r ly
oneyear. Money back, present
protection.
Samples, Fashion Review, Measuring Guide,
Tape, etc., given or mailed to any address.
•OTDffiKlfilLdDTrKlOra©^
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
112, 114 and 116 KEAHNY STREET,
Bet. Post and gutter.
WEW TO-PAT. M
SOLE AOENTS FOR THE
MAQQIOINI KID GLOVES.
ANNOUNCEMENT
EXTRAORDINARY!
COMEOTG MOSDAYAT 9 A.M.
—AT—
Half Price!
J. JKL&II JL JL Si flvv •
Hundreds of Yards of New
Silks Almost Given Away.
TAFFETA SILKS
IOT
CHOICE DESIGN
DESIRABLE COLORLIfGS,
MAGNIFICENT QUALITY,
-A.T
51 j MM IPEPt
UU "V"_A_TR.TD
mim ml. Tl I I I \» Hi i ,Sb
REGULAR PRICE $1 PER YARD.
The Greatest Bargain Ever Offered la This
City. New Goods Just Placed on Our
Counters, Not Old, Shopworn Silks.
OUR REGLXAR PATRONS ARE AD-
VISED TO CALL EARLY.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 127, 139, 131 EearnjSt.
Bran eh Store 742 and 744 Market St.
SPECIAL, SALE
SPRING
CAPES!
$1.75, $3.00, $4.75, $6.50.
Every NEW
£\, Style, every
%^> Fashionable col-
J or, all the most
Fashionable col-
or, all the most
>s|sjP^ worthy ideas of
// F^K America's most
QaJ* illl j-V\ prominent outer
" J^£f garment makers
4-^if^-PW represented in
the great special
offerings for this
week. The Capes cannot be du-
plicated this season at these
prices.
f 4 DOUBLE OAPES— very wide cut-
all wool— 6 rows braid trimming— <2»1.71
black or new shades— b!ue or brown O1 — —
js6 50 ALL-WOOL CAPES— extra
full — nil the popular colors, em-
broidery to match. Yours this week Q.OO
for.. >... «JJ) O .
$8 FANCY CLOTH CAPES- Cut P.xtra
f ulli-pliiln, embroidered or braided— ffj* A."J 5
all popular colors. This week only «lp^t— — •
$12 TAILOR-MADE CAPES-Tans,
blue or black, lined fancy Dresden
silk — trimmed small pearl buttons. Q/?.sft
A great special at <Jp 0 —
$12 50 VELVET CAPES Fancy silk
linlnqs— line bead embroidery— very CT» f>. 50
elegant. Special sale price this week «JPD— —
$1 25 FIXE PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS— SoiI'! colors, tans, pink or
blue— piped with white— laundered
to periection-all sizes— they lit. TPiO
Only It)
120KEARNYST.
We never fail to suit out-of-town
patrons. Mail orders a specialty.
FOR SALE. '
A GREAT BARGAIN
THE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN VIBW,
Santa Clara County, two miles from Mountain
View Station, fivo miles from the Stanford Uni-
versity, I'iilo Alto, and ten miles from the City of
San Jose.
1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
Will be sold at a great sacrifice to close the estat*
Of J. P. Halp. deceased.
Large Vineyard, Three Prune Orchards. Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from •
livin? creek and numerous springs.
large House of eleven rooms, Barns. Stable*.
Chicken-Houses, Outhouses, etc., etc. etc., and ail
the necessary farming utensils.
PRICE $85,000— OSLY $50 PER ACRE.
The cheapest land ever oiTered In California.
For all particulars apply to McOLVXX «fc MEX'
TON, Heal Estate Agents, Room 22. Cbronicl*
Building, where photographs of the property caa
be seen.
78
ASSESSOR SIEBE
TELLS HIS STORY.
Denies That the Taxroll Is
Several Millions
Short.
WORK NOT COMPLETE.
Defines the Law Governing the
Assessment of Foreign and
Home Bonds.
THINKS BURKE MEDDLESOME.
The Old Supplementary Taxroll of
Badlands Time Was Killed in
the Courts.
Assessor John D. Siebe is inclined to
treat lightly the statement that the tax
roll for the current year is several millions
Bhort of that of 1895. He claims that no
one, not excepting himself, can tell at this
time the status of the taxroll as compared
with that of other years, for the reason
that the work is not complete, nor will it
be for nearly sixty days yet.
The entire list must be gone carefully
over and such additions made as the re
forts of his experts seem to warrant. The
apparent depreciation in the valuation of
the gas and water company franchises is
explained by Mr. Siebe in his own pleas
ing way and on its face is thoroughly
plausible. The same is true of bants assess
ments. The Assessor tells why these in
stitutions are asked to pay taxes on
only $6,000, 000 worth of property,
vrhen the claim is made that the proper
valuation would be much nearer the $100, -
--000,000 mark. In thi« connection John H.
Burke, prominent in Badlam's time, some
sixteen years ago, and who has recently
again interested himself in the affairs of
the Assessor's office, comes in for a rap.
"lam glad to see you; yes, very glad,"
said Assessor Siebe to a Cam, representa
tive yesterday. "I suppose you want to
know* something about the Tax Assessor's
om'ce, and how it is that the taxroll is so
many millions short. Well, it is just this
■way: There is not one word of truth in it.
Asa matter of fact the valuation is higher
this year than ever before.
"I notice that this man John H. Burke
has figuratively cast himself into the
breach and announces his purpose to see
to it that the banks and other corporations
are assessed for what they really have.
Reference is made to the supplementary
assessment of $!»0,0<i0,000, which this man
caused to be levied during Badlam's ad
ministration. At t .is time the valuation
of the gas company's franchise was in
creased from $1,u00,000 to $5,000,000. The
water company was subjected to the same
inflation.
'It may be interesting to know that the
tax on this $!)0, 000,000 supplementary as
sessment was never paid. The case was
carried to the Supreme Court, and then it
I How's This? i
S A Solid Block . i A iimnnnnn^ - |
6 f |» Si a! Stand not upon the order of your going, 9
9 But We Will Cut It Up | / |l\ | but go at once and inspect this property. 9
$ And 37 people may each secure a piece of it— ji I ' B^ltei^N. 3 V
9 for there will be just that many building lots. S Wi^i^ I 1 T\m WfilX % 9
6 " | L AIICP WZ^\ 1 Take McAllister=street cars, 2
X SEE WHERE THEY ARE— | f/is7^^ pM^ T^\ get off at Baker street. 0
1 BAKER ST. |i /fc^SlL P^S
6 McAllister st. |i |\\ \ 6
J . LYON ST - * | | ■ This is the last of the McCreery Blocks $
9 GOLDEN GATE AYE. £ '•'■^^ Wl 3 and it is your last chance to secure a home a
6 And they will ALL be sold I Mit 3 lot in this growing locality. We sold the $
next Thursday, April 16th, |i ' —^jt* J adjoining Block at Auction two years ago. A
V To the highest bidder— p F m^l~ — " — ~ — {jm/vW 3 Everybody who purchased a lot at that sale o
v L^_3_^ I MC ALLIoItR ST.o W? § 6
6 a j a j • c z^^^r — i — — ■ 3 made money. YOUR chance has come NOW. 6
9 At A ii^r inn £ -—^^c^- oj t
O •^^'•'^•^■^ '•^ Jl'^^^ JH .A v.C SS S C JLS-fiJLSJ? SOO C Q P Cj
6 "Never let your chances, like 6
$ sunbeams, pass you by." BALDWIN & $
| HAMMOND, |
6 Auctioneers, 6
6 10 Montgomery St <!>
was defeated. The next year the assess
ment on the fianchises of the gas and
water companies dropped back to the old
figure. The valuation on the gas com
pany franchise is the same as it was six
teen years ago. The franchise is not any
more valuable to-day than it was then, and
my reason for saying this is capable of
easy understanding. There are two elec
tric light companies to-day, a fact which
of necessity has decreased the business of
the gas companies. The franchises of
these new institutions are assessed at
$300,000. Then ajrain there are many
hotels which formerly bought the gas con
sumed, but now resort to electric lights or
gas of their own production. It is safe to
assume, therefore, that the assessments on
the lighting franchises of San Francisco
have increased over half a million dollars
in the last ten years, though the gas com
pany is not valued at one cent more.
"Now, as regards bank assessments.
This office made the valuation on March 3,
and embraces only such property as the
Jaw declares is subject to taxation. I no
tice since this assessment was made that
the Bank Commissioners have called for a
statement from January Ito March 28. I
have my expert now examining these
statements, and the Assessor's valuation
will be based on thetii. It is absurd to
talk of the banks holding $108,000,000 tax
able property. They may hold securities
representing that amount, but it does not
follow by any means that it is all subject
to assessment as bank property. If this
were true, then the State and County
would collect a double tax. In commer
cial banks only bonds of corporations dom
iciled outside of California are subject to
assessments. Bonds of water, gas, rail
roads or other companies, with the parent
office in this State, are not subject to assess
ment.
"The reason for this is simple. Suppose
the Bank of California held bonds of a Los
Angeles corporation. I have no right to
assess them because the supposition is that
they have already undergone a similar
process in Los Angeles.
"I am not inclined to believe that the
Grand Jury has any fault to find with this
office. The investigating committee has,
of course, called here, but instead of con
demuing have praised the system em
ployed. There is always a remedy, how
ever, for the dissatisfied. If any one
thinks the assessment on any particular
piece of property or franchise is too low or
high the remeay is found in the County
Board of Equalization. They have the
power to undo all my work if it so pleases
them. Burke is a meddlesome fellow who
is probably endeavoring to secure the same
cheap notoriety he did during Badlam's
term of office. Further than this I have
nothing to say about him."
ASSESSMENT ROLL.
Property Hitherto Undervalued
May Be Assessed for Its
Actual Value.
Members of the Grand Jury are exceed
ingly reticent concerning the proposed in
vestigation of the Assessor's office. It is
acknowledged that Mr. Siebe, the Assessor,
has in the service of his department many
capable and experienced men, and it is
also hinted that "there are others." A con
sensus of interviews with jurors is to the
effect that the Assessor is performing his
duty and has invited the assistance of the
Grand Jury to point out methods by which
a fair valuatior ot all taxable property may
be reached.
The Grand Jury regrets that any news
paper comment about affairs of the As
sessor's ofhce should have been made.
One of the jurors said: "It is true that
we are in possession of certain data or in
formation regarding assessments, but the
fact still remains that a capitalist can, the
day before the Assessor comes to assess
his money on hand, put that money into
a draft on New York and thus escape taxa
tion. This is done right along, and there
seems to be no law to prevent it."
Another member of the Grand Jury ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
pressed the opinion that the Assessor
would reach this year much property that
had hitherto escaped assessment, and
would place a fair valuation on much that
had been undervalued. This juror said:
"We have not ordered a special investiga
tion of the Assessor's methods of fixing
valuations, nor have we directed a special
investigation of his office. Assurances
have been received from Mr. Siebe that he
is desirous of conforming with the law in
every particular."
BURKE AFTER SIEBE.
The Claim Is Boldly Made That the
Tax Roll Is Millions
Short.
According to John H. Burke of Minne
apolis, but temporarily residing in this
City, there is a screw loose somewhere in
the Assessor's office.
On Friday last Mr. Bnrke appeared be
fore the Grand Jury and in fifteen minutes
told them enough to warrant a request
that tne gentleman from across the Rock
ies call some other day and linish his
story. Mr. Burke alleged in a general way
that the great corporations of San Fran
cisco were allowed to make just such re
turns to the Assessor as decency would ad
mit.
In those instances where Mr. Siebe was
called upon to place an assessment value
on franchises or property he did so with a
leniency most remarkable.
"I am glad to see the people waking up
to tho seriousness of the situation, " said
Mr. Burke last night. "The fact that I
am not now a citizen or taxpayer of San
Francisco should not weigh in the minds
of those who want to see fraud exposed.
It took me just two days to iind out that
there were millions of dollars' worth of
property not on the tax- roll, and yet other
millions assessed at practically nothing.
"For instance the Pacific Koliing-mills
made a sworn statement last year and
were assessed on $298,000 worth of prop
erty. The California Kailroad is not on
the books at ail. The same i 3 true of the
Northern Kailwav, though they have sev
eral hundred thousand dollars' worth of
! assessable property.
"Then there is the Pacific Improvement
I Company, builders and contractors of the
various lines of Paciiic roads and owning
many millions' worth of property, down
i for $12,000. Exclusive of steamers the
I Pacific Mail Steamship Company is as
■ sessed at $IM,S2<J. The South Paciiic
! Coast road makes a sworn statement of
! $100, while the Southern Development
Company, another 'octopus' concern, is
down for $30u.
"The Southern Pacific with many mill
ions of personal property labors under an
assessment of $45,300. The San Francisco
Gas Company is assessed on franchise
$1,000,000, and on other assessments $454,
--000. This, too, on a capital stock of
I $8,500,000 and heavy bonded indebtedness.
| In 18KL the franchise of this company was
| assessed by Badlam at $5000. 1 went to
i the Board of Supervisors and had it raised
i to $6,075,008.
"Since that time it has been gradually
j reduced until it now stands at the figure
j named. The franchise of the Spring
Valley Water Company is assessed at
I $1,500,000. other property $974,000. Yet
j this institution has a bonded indebtedness
I of $9,000,000 and was stated some time aco
Ito be worth $15,000,000. Badlam had this
j company assessed at $5000, which on com
j plaint, was raised to $5,000,000.
"in both these cases a content was made
I and finally carried to the Supreme Court,
j and the tax upheld. The Crocker Estate
j Company refused to make a sworn state
! ment, and was arbitrarily assessed at $150.
• The California Sugar Refinery Company
I is down for $81,500, and the Union Iron
; Works for $107,000.
'•The assessments on the banks in this
I City are sway below all reason. I have
! all the figures, and when they are told to
j the Grand Jury I rather imagine some
i body will be greatly surprised."
STANFORD MEN'S VICTORY
Tennis Championship Wrested
From Berkeley After
Two Years.
A LONG CONTEST AND CLOSE.
Freeman and Picher Win From
R'agee and Gage in Singles
ani Doubles.
Stanford University won the Pacific-
Coast intercollegiate tennis championship
yesterday from the University of Cali
fornia, which had held it for the last two
years.
The match was played on the California
Tennis Club's court, corner of Bush and
Scott streets, in this City.
Each university was represented by only
two men, who were to play both the first
and the second class singles and the dou
bles.
California's representatives were Maeee
and Gage, the two men who successfully
defended the championship last year.
Stanford, for the first time, relied upon
two men to play both matches and entered
Freeman and Picher, Pasadena boys, who
have long played the game together, and
who are at present doubles champions of
Southern California, having won the title
at the Santa Monica tournament last sum
mer.
Freeman, Stanford's best player, was
pitted against Magee, the Berkeley cham
pion, and the contest that resulted, com
bining two very different styles of play,
was unusually 'close. Freeman winning
three sets to Magee's two, the scores of the
games composing the sets standing 3—6,
4-G, 6-4. 6-1, 7-5.
In the second-class singles Picher and
Gage were matched. Picher won three
sets to his opponent's one, tne score result
ing 7—5, 6—4, 4—6, 6—4.
At the conclusion of the singles in Stan
ford's favor the Berkeley team decided to
concede a victory in the'doubles, and that
match went to Stanford by default.
It was then 1 o'clock. The men had
been playing constantly for two and a half
hours, and Magee felt indisposed, although
the other players were comparatively fresh
alter their long exertions. Freeman and
Magee had played forty-six games; eigh
teen were long deuce contests and but four
were love, Freeman tuKing three of tnem.
Picher and Gage had played lorty-two
games, twelve deuce and nine love, Picher
having five of the nine to his credit.
Both single matches were played at the
same tiim* on adjoining court*.
The tirst few games between Freeman
and Magee seemed to go to the Berkeley
man, partly through the Stanford fresh
in 'Hi's apparent easy indifference in his re
turn strokes, but closer observation showed
that to be his way of playing, for Free
man, though only 17 years of a ire, is a big
muscular six-footer who easily covers a
large territory and lurches out over a good
deal more. Magee is the more brilliant
player and resorts to smashing strokes.
At the net hp seemed quicker. But Free
man took everything the sanie with a
silent coolness that seemed at times to ex
asperate his opponent and cause him to
smash wildly.
Picher and Gage play about the same
style of game. Both keep far back from
the net and neither does much smashing.
Gage was said to be not quite in his usual
form yesterday, but he played a cool,
steady game, Ins long, low drives at the
net beinc a feature as noticeable as Pich
er s fine backhand stroke.
The weather was warm and well suited
to tennis, but a high breeze that swept
over the fence bothered the players a little,
particularly those of the second team.
It was not generally known when and
where the match was to be played, and in
consequence very few spectators were pres
ent.
This makes the first intercollegiate
tennis match that Stanford has won since
1892, when the two colleges first met on
the asphaltum courts. In LS'Xi Berkeley
declined to meet the PaJo Alto players,
but since then the intercollegiate tennis
match has been an annual affair.
The intercollegate contests up to date
now stand as follows :
CAX.JFOBNIA. BI4XFOBD,
0 Football 2
(3 ties.)
1 Baseball 8
8 Track athletics 0
2 Tennis 2
1 I»p bales 2
0 Basket-ball 1
In addition, the Carnot gold medal
awarded to the best of six speakers has
been won once by each university, and the
BerKeley freshmen have twice" defeated
their Stanford opponents at football.
Abraham Bloch'g Will.
The will of Abraham Bloch, leaving all of his
estate to his widow, has been filed for probate.
The estate is said to be worth $100,000. in
the will it is announced that no provision is
made for the children of the testator, because
he is convinced his widow will care for them
properly.
W. Ahrens, Who Has Arrived From Samoa, and Says Germany Will Annex the
Samoan Islands.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
GERMANY TO GET SAMOA
W. Ahrens Says the Next Move
Will Be to Annex the
Islands.
WE WON'T GET PANGO PANGO.
No American Warship Kept at Apia
for Three Years— The Berlin
Treaty Violated.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
from Samoa is W. Ahrens, whose firm in
Apia are agents of the Oceanic Steamship
Company. He brings interesting and im
portant news from that part of the world.
"Chief Justice Ide." said Mr. Ahrens
last night, "has gone from Apia to meet
his daughter at Sydney. He will return
with them, and then bend all his energies
to completing his work on the land claims.
He hopes to have the work all done by
early in December, and will then sail for
his home in America to remain perma
nently. The Chief Justice has worked
very hard ever since he went over there.
"Another important piece of news is
that President Ernst Schmidt of Samoa,
who is also adviser to King Malietoa, has
forwarded his resignation to th 6 German
Foreign Otfice. He was appointed for
three years, and his term does not expire
till January 1, but he hopes to have the
resignation accepted so he can go back in
November. Of course England and Amer
ica will be requested to concur in the resig
nation. He has been criticized very
harshly, but 1 don't think he deserved it.
"The Samoans are very quiet, although
Tamassese, the opponent of King Mal
ietoa, collects the taxes in the districts of
Aana ana Atua. The President and ad
viser of Malietoa has not been able to pre
vent this.
"By the terms of the Berlin treaty
America, England and Germany agreed to
keep warships there ail the time, but
America has not had a warship there for
three years.
"No interest has been shown by America
in the islands during that time. The im
pression there is that America no longer
cares, as she did prior to three years ago.
This being the case, it is hard for President
Smith to niase Tamasse-se quit collecting
taxes. He can't do it. He does the best
he can.
"Yes, America has had the coaling sta
tion of Pango Pango, but I don't think she
will get it the way things now are. When
Germany annexes the islands, as I am sure
she will, she will take the whole thing.
"America has not compiled with the
terms of the treaty, and csn T say any
thing. What about England? Well, I
don't think she will have anything to Bay
about it either. The fact is the interests
there are pretty near all German, and Ger
many by right ought to have Samoa. I
think she will soon take the whole thing.
"The way England has acted recently in
the Jameson raid matter in South Africa,
and in its general opposition to President
Kruger, has widened the breach between
Germany and England. I don't think the
Germans would care what England might
say. She would take Samoa anyway.
"By the way, ' Dr. Rose, the new German
Consul-General for Samoa, has arrived at
Apia. He was previously Governor of
German New Guinea. He is the successor
of Dr. Schmidt-Leda, who has returned to
Yokohama as Consul-General, to look out
for the German interests there. He was
very much liked among all the people of
Samoa."
Mr. Ahrens expects to remain for two
years in this country. Before he went to
Samoa he was for several years in different
parts of New Guinea.
Benicia l'resbytery.
The semi-annual meeting of the Benicia
Presbytery, held in San Rafael, closed lasi
j evening afrer a three-days' session. Rev.
! Arthur Hicks of Point Arena was made moder
ator and Rev. William. Dondiu of Petaluma
: clerk, with Rev. S. M. AdMt of Eureka and
I Elder Reynolds as assistants. During the
> meeting of the Presbytery the elegont new
i stone church where the meeting was held was
j ded icated. This structure cost nearly $40,000,
; hal f of wnieh was donated by Mrs. Park<. The
de dicatory sermon was preached by a former
pnstor, Dr. McDonald. The financial mid
historical address was given by Dr. Crosby of
: the San Raftiel Institute, and "the dedicatory
! prayer was offered by Dr. Noble, pastor of the
church. Five young men from the San Au
selmo Seminary were examined and made.
1 licentiates, two of whom, Messrs. Eldxidge and
! Reynolds, were ordained. The sermon on
Thursday evening, before the ordination, was
preached by Rev. 8. M. Aisit of Eureka, and
the address to the class was made by the Rev.
■ Mr. Burnhard of Vallcjo. The Presbytery ad
j journed to meet in Two Rock in October.HE SURPRISED HIS FLOCK
Rector Lane Tells Them They
Worship in the Dirtiest
Church He Has Seen.
AND HIS SALARY RUNS BEHIND
The Annual Mectng at the Chuich
cf the Advent Produces Some
Mill Se:;sat.ons.
Oaklaxs OrriCE Bah Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 11. j
The members of the Episcopal Church
of the Advent were surprised by their
pastor, Key. Marshal Lane, at the annual
meeting this week, and they are still taJk
ing about it.
Only one part of the chnrch has "fully
measured" up to the expectations of the
pastor, and that is thp choir. He said that
the o!d parish sewing society, as an in
stitution of usefulness, bad outlived
its day. Sewing for charity or for
the love of providing for the church's
needs is all right, he said, but to
make things for sale is poor policy. It
ruins tne eyes, encourages idle talk, and is
always poorly and grudgingly paid. The
came time expended in visiting about the
parish and breaking down the charge of
a frigid unsociableness would do far more
for the church treasury, and leave a better
feeling all around.
Then came the great surprise. Rector
Lane said that there was altogether too
much indifference among the various so
cieties in tne church. He said the building
was the dirt iest church he was ever in. He
complained of his salary, and said that in-
Btead of receiving $2500, as he should, he
only got (1200, and frequently had to wait
so long for his month's pay that he envied
the man who passed his door with a tin
dinner-pail in his hand knowing that
when his wages were due he would walk
up to the cashier and tret his money. The
carpet on the church floor was also de
nounced, the rector saying that it was lit
for but one purpose — it'should be sent to Ja
pan to wipe out the black plagae with.
Rev. Mr. Lane urged the various socie
ties to choose their officers solely on the
ground of merit and sympathy for their
work. With good, clean accommodations
for the young people and some interest
among the parents for the welfare of their i
own children there is a good future for the j
parish, but old ideas and Silurian methods
must be wiped out rirst.
A. J. Rpad, the treasurer, reported
that special efforts had always been made
to pay th'- rector promptly and he thought j
the church had done very well, yotwith-
Etanding the hard times, the receipts
of the parish bad been about one
fourth greater than for many
years. A year ago the floating in
debtedness was about $700, and ail that
had been cleared off and the running ex
penses paid. There are now 240 commu
nicants as against 114 reported by the last
rector about eighteen months ago.
BOOTH WANTS DAMAGES.
Sues the Klectric Kuad Company for
Killing Hia Children.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April 11.— Suit was
filed in the Superior Court to-day by Attor
ney Sam Bell McX c on behalf of Frank
E. Booth against the Oakland Consolidated
Ftreet Railroad for $50,22U SO aamaees.
Mr. Booth is the father of little Kate
Anna Booth and Idah Emilie Booth, the
two children crushed to death by an elec
tric-car of that line one evening wliile
playin? in the street.
The complaint alleges that at the time
the cars of the defendant were so carelessly
and negligently run a:. I managed that tne
children, who were pmdentiy and care
fully travel :ng on a crossing, could not see
or hear a car of defendant approaching
from the east and i:oing westerly, and also
that the .-aid car had at mat time a
wheeiguar.l negligently and carelessly
constructed, which was who ly insufficient
to protect from injury «if struck by said
car.
It is farther avprred that the oar was
run at a great, careless and negligent rate
of speed of ten miles per hour, and with
out ringing a bell or giving any warning
of Ita approach, and the death of the
plaintiff's children was due to the neg
ligence and carelessness of the defendant,
ore stated. The plaintiff alleges
that by the death of the said children he
- iffered darna-res in the sum of
150,000 and was put to an expense of $220 SO
in the burial of the little ones.
The railroad company will in all prob
ability contest tne case on the ground oi
contributary negligence in allowing the
children, aged 9 and 5 years, to co upon
the street unattended. It was shown at
t he inquest that they had been playing
tat: and the older one whs running away
from the younger when, in passing behind
one car they fell in front of the other,
which resulted in their death.
MANY ATTRACTIONS.
New Features Promised by the Fablola
Fete Committee.
OAKLAND, Cal., April ll.— The ar
rangements for the Fabiola floral fete, to
be held May day, are progressing in a
most satisfactory manner. Every day wit
nesses new developments and increases
the certainty that the magnitude of the
affair this year will far surpass that of last
season. The first fete was an experiment
and when they startcl th" managers
NEW TO-DAT.
SKINNY SUFFERER SAVED,
What Do You Tbiak Makes Sirong Hen
Weak?
Experi«Tio« of a Prominent North Dakota
Politician Who Gained Forty Found) >
Id a Few Week*.
(I 1 Every man likes
1 1 to be strong.
i—jmm,.^ I Why shouldn't
rs Pal&w <Y^^ Are you * tobac-
' ( m <?«£» it co u «-t?
«"Hirs3" 2*fp /v — - V You are?
y"s &&H*£ V \' Or course you
I r?3&L*£tfi f " \S kaow tobacco-
WMlSk'w Ss*~*\. * :!<JW that tobacco-
V_ HRaSk Ll '( \ ' :ters » ■-• 8 rule,
fej&V> >/t nre aWft y below
1 jRiOHHB-T^ 'V* normal 'veight.be-
AjHlln \L : , w£>/ cau:t tobacco de-
s*•■ '2&lBßfJ&t2^ stroyg digestion
A&'*fc"''Sr^T' A X Rnd BetB certain
MRBfflt Xi y ■ \ nerves on fire.
H* KISI ' '^-'\ V Tiiat wears ori tlie
UK *tts|ftt '/'/ • I _/ brain, saps its
I] V *\vj '» % v " ■ power and you
i " gradually become
* . , Impotent. It is
called "lost manhood." You never fret weak
this way when you (tain flesh like our friend
\\ illiaras. Kcad what he says :
ONE BOX DID IT.
Svki£stox, Wells Co N. D., Jnly 28.
Gentlemen: On« box of r»o-To-Bac cured me of
the tobacco h»blt, both smoisln; an<lchewln?, after
havlu; us<-d the wet-d for nearly forty years. My
l.'». li is much better, nerves stron/iiiid steaQv,
ana 1 have Kalned ov«r forty pounds in flesh. "I
iiave recoiuioended No-To-Biic to some of -.iy
fi cads, all of whom have h<ei: cured. 1 f.roily be-
lieve that Xo-Tu-B«c win do for others what it has
aoaeforme. I heartily recornmenu it to iill those
who have become slaves to the use of tobacco aud
desire to be emancipated.
J. A. Williams, Coun-.y Auditor.
Now don't you think No-To-Bac worth a
trial, especially when you buy from your own
druggist under absolute guarantee <>f cure?
Get your booklet, -'Don't Tobacco Spit and
gmoke Your Life Away," written guarantee
of cure and free sample, mailed for tno asking. j
Address Sterling Keaiedj Co., Chicago or New
York,
DESIGN SUBMITTED BY ARCHITECTS HATHERTON & ROSS FOR THE NEW ALAMEDA LIBRARY BUILDING.
•carcely^kuew what they expected to ac
complish. The floral parade was at tirst
considered no more than an accessory, but
by degrees assumed the first place. This
year it Wis been the well-defined purpose
from the start and will result in bringing
out the best results.
Thomas 11. Wiliiams Jr., president oil
the California Jockey Club, the lessee of
the Oakland Trotting Park, has assured
t tie executive committee of liis willingness
and desire to do all in his power to make
the fete a great success. He will furnisn
the services of experienced men to handle
ti>e pates, provide ticket-boxes and cash
registers. He is rushing work on the park
to have it in proper condition to accom
modate me great crowds th;it will attend.
Arrangements are heing made to furnish
reserved seata f.jrSOOO people.
The report published in some papers
that the National circuit would not open
| in Oakland on May day resulted in some
very vigorous wirinc between K. M.
"Welch of San Francisco and Chairman
Gideon of the National racing board dur
ing the past week, with the result that it
lias been finally settled beyond any doubt
that it will start with the Fabiola floral
leti'. races to be held in the Oakland Trot
tins Park on May day.
A new feature to attract attention to the
fete is the effort to secure the Buriingame
Club to give a number of steeplechase
races. Inere never have been steehlechase
races at the park and it would be a novel
and interesting feature to most of those
who will attend. It has b en practically
settled thar the Tniversity Club event and
p^lo game will be held from 11 a. m. to 1
p. m.. the floral parade from 1 to 3:3<J p. M.,
and then the bicycle races.
WANT A NEW LAW.
The Teachers of Alameda County
Organize Under the L»w.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 11.— The teach
ers of Alameda County i.-eld a largely at
tended and very enthusiastic meeting in
;he High-school building and put on its
feet the Alarneda County Teachers' Bene
fit Association by the adoption of a consti
tution. Its objects are set forth as follows :
"The objects of the association are to
secure the passage of proper amendments
to the present law, known as 'The School
teachers' Annuity and Retirement Act,'
to promote tne formation of similar soci
eties throughout the State and of a Slate
society; to consider and take action on
any questions affecting the teachers as a
body."
The election of officers is to occur at the
annual meeting on the second Saturday in
May. i .'it- orticers constimte an executive
committee, who are empowered to trans
act necessary business between the reguiar
meetings. All public school-teachers of
Alameda County may be admitted to mem
bership by signing the constitution and
paving 50 cents a quarter as dues.
The temporary president was instructed
to appoint the following committees to
be at work until the permanent officers are
elected:
<"orr • spondence— C. F. True. Alamedn ;
Miss S.T.French, Berkeley; Miss H. C.
Larkin, Ouk;and.
Pres.s-P. M. Fisher, Mrs. E. D. Rey
nolds, Miss Jeau Clay, Oakland; Mrs. A.
C. Paris and Mrs. Emily F. Ives, Alauieda;
Miss A. F. Keefer. Berkeley.
A PRACTICAL. JOKER.
Charles Merrill Held for Trial on tlie
Charge of Robbery.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 11. —Charles
Merrill was held toanswerin the Superior
Court with bonds nxed at $20(J0 to-day as |
the result of a practical joke played I
nearly two years ago. In all proba
bility he would have been discharged had
he faced the music at the time and told his
story, but instead he fled and was not ap
prehended by the police until this week.
The evidence shows that on the evening
of June 19, 1894, Merrill and two compan
ions were returning from the theater,
walking down Eighth street, when they
saw a Chinaman. Merrill suggested that
they frighten him and one of his compan
ions, Guy Chapman, consented.
They walked up and asked the Mongo
lian for 10 cents, which he denied having
and to prove it allowed his purse. Merrill j
grabbed the purse and ran.
The Chinaman believed he was in the
hands of real highwaymen and called for
help. Chapman, however, did not run,
and when i;n oftie-r arrived he was ar
rested, but wss dismissed on his prelimi
nary examination. Merrill was not caught,
bat the next morning when be learned of
his companion's arrest became alarmed
and left town. The court thought his leav
ing was against bin, alt ough both com
panions tfstiiied it was only a prank played
in fun.
HISTOKY OF A DAY.
Alamcda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call, )
908 Broadway, April 11. {
Mrs. A. Duraas, who thinks that she is in
danger of being poisoned by her enemies, was
taken to Napa this afternoon.
The Socialist Labor party will meet in Labor
Hall, on Eleventh avenue and Clay street
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock to listen to an ad
dress by A. A. Denison on"CnDitaland Labor."
A fire loss of $2000 has been allowed to L.
11. Brig s on his stock damaged by the late
lire on Broadway. Between $ 1000 and $5000
will be allowed to C&shrnore, oi the paint
store. :.- ■..;;:;
--; Judge Frick has issued a writ of mandate di
recting Auditor, Snow to approve thn clnim of
C. E. Gardner, clerk of Chief of Police Lloyd,
(or $45 16" on account of his salary as increased
by the City CounciL
A. K. Williams, the burglar caught in J. C.
Franklin's room at the Annex House, was held
tr> answer to the Superior Court on two charges
of burglary in the sum of $2000 buil on each
yesterday afternoon.
Robina Reed, a Berkeley girl who is inclined
tobewaywurd and run the streets at night,
HM been commit ted to Whittier, as hermother
is unable to control her. The girl will have to
remain about three years and three mouths.
In the County Clerk's office this morning
there was filed the certificate of con tin uanc
id the corporation sole known as the Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco, the in
cumbent of which is Most Rev. P. W. Riordan.
Ofltoftr Charles Clark won the Captain Siebe
medlil at the monthly police slioot yesterday
afternoon. P.oih he ana Detecthrfl Williams
scored forty-tive points, but as Ciaik niadi' the
nrßor number oi bull's-eyes he was declared
the winner.
L. W. Murdock, a former conductor on the
Oaklan S.in Leandro and Huywards electric
railroad, has brought suit against that corpora
tion for $21,440, lor alleged personal injuries
-ecelved by the sudden starting of a car which
threw him to the ground. He alleges the car
was started by renson of the company using
defective macliiuery. ■ ■ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 155, 1896.
MUST ENDURE THE ROWS.
Wives and Mothers of San Lo
renzo Object to Being Offi
cially Ignored.
WILL WOKK FOR THE BALLOT.
Supervisors Force Them to Accept a
Saloon in Spite of Their Unani
mous Protest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 11. j
The wives and mothers of San Lorenzo
have organized a woman's suffrage club
and intend to work with great vigor for
the privilege of voting. They are highly
indignant because the Supervisors have
forced them to have a saloon and beer
garden in their midst against tiieir deli
nitely expre-sed wishes.
For many months the residents of San
Lorenzo have endeavored to prevent the
selling of liquor in the grove, but now
that tney have been defeated they will
change their tactics. The ladies realize
that they have no rights that the Super
visors are bound to respect, and declare
that they will be treated differently when
they have the right to vote.
fcan Lorenzo Grove is a resort owned by
the Haywards Electric Railroad Company.
It is used by picnic parties, especially on
Sundays, and^ast year it was, on several
occasions, the scene of small riots which
were a nuisance to the residents of the
town and which made necessary the serv
ices of extra police.
Three times the application fora license
was defeated by Rev. J. C. McCollum and
the Christian Kndeavorers, but at this last
meeting the Supervisors granted the license
to Fred Borman, who has leased the place.
The petition which was presented to the
Supervisors stated that "we, the women of
San Lorenzo, the wives, mothers, teachers
and orders — those most notably anddeepK
concerned in the moral and spiritual
welfare of the children and yomie people
of the community, appeal to you and most
earnestly entreat that you do not grant
such license." The signatures of nearly
all the wives and mothers of San Lorenzo
were attached, but the petition was un
heeded.
Fred Borman Bays he has been mis
understood. "The battle has been a hard
one, but I em not particularly rejoioed
over my victory, except in so far as it wili
enable me to do business, in preparation
for which I have already spent consider
able money. I feel, however, that I have
been quite generally misunderstood in the
matter. The grove was, last year, con
ducted by a man of my name, who ap
peared to be unable to maintain order,
being overawed by disreputable characters,
allowing the place to become an intoler
able nuisance to those residing in that
vicinity. This has reflected upon me, as
many persons believe that I am the same
man. It is my purpose to conduct the
place within the limits of the strictest
order and decency, and my past experience
in conducting public gardens proves that
it can be done."
The opposition to the establishment of a
large athletic park at ILiywaras is based
on the idea that a liquor license would be
granted and the r/iace be another Sunday
resort.
ATHLETICS AT BERKELEY.
Records Made at the University
Spring Handicap Field
Day.
Stanford . Reliance Baseball Game.
Another Special Election
for Schools.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— One of
the largest crowds that has gathered this
year on the University campus witnessed
the U. C. spring handicap neld day this
afternoon. The records made were not up
to expectation, probably owing to the
coldness of the weather.
11. Torrey '95, the hurdler of last year's
Varsity team, ran the 220-yard hurdles in
:.'6 3-5 seconds, which is the best time ever
made on the cinder-path at Berkeley, the
former record being 26 4-5, made by B.
Bakewell '98.
The result of the 100-yard dash was
something of a surprise. W. Dickie '98
won the final iv 10 '2-fy seconds, which is
considered *cry good time for such a day.
Following is a list of events, winners
and records made:
100-yard dash— First heat: Hupp '97, BCratch
time 10 4-5 fee; Uilborn '96, 2 yards handi
cap, second; Dresser '91), 2 yards handicap
third. Second heftt — W. Dickie '98, scratch
first, time 10^; F. W. Koch '9G, 2 yards handi
cap, second; ML Thomus, Dental Colicjre, l\i
yards handicap, third. Final heat— W. Dickie
'98, scratch, time 10 2-5: Kocu '90,2 yards
handicap, second; Hupp '97, scratch, third.
220-yard dash— \V. Dickie '90, scratch, time
24 8-5 sec. ; Koch '96, scratch, second.
440-yard dash— F. Magee '97, scratch, time
55 3-5 sec. ; E. Sherman 97, 25 yards handi
cap, second; J. Jones, '98, sermon, third.
Half-mile run— lt. Carroll '99, scratch, time
2 tain. 10 4-5 sec. ; J. Gisa '90, 15 yards handi
cap, second.
One-mile run— E. Brown '98, scratch, time 5
mm.; W. Jackson '98. scratch, second.
120-yard hurdles— B. Bukewell '98, scratch,
time 17 3-5; L. C. Mackintosh, law college,'
scratch, second.
220-yard hurdles— H. Torrey '95, scratch,
time 2<>3-5; L. C, Mackintosh, Law College'
15 yards handicap, second.
k'.iniiiiii; high jump — L. Miller '98, height 5
feet 6.7 inches; B. Baltewell '98, second.
Running broad jump — Hilborn, distance 20
feet 4 inches; H. Torrey '95, second.
bhut-put— lUlpli Liojd '9i>, distance '3d iezt
7 1-5 inches; R. Edgren second, distance 39
feet -1 1-5 inches.
Pole vault— Lloyd '99, height 10 feet.
R. Eagren threw the 16-pound hammer
141 feet.
The officers of the day were a 9 follows:
Referee— W. North, TT. C, '96. Field
Judges— A. Dubbers, U. C. '93; E. T. Blake, U.
C, '96; J. C. Ferris, U. C, '96.
Judges at finish— J. C. Howell Jr., U. C,
'96: O. R. Holton, U. C, '96; M. H. Esberg, C.
C., f 96.
Timekeepers— G. \V. Swingle, U. C, '97; L. T.
Merwin. U. C, '96; E. Dinkelspiel, U. C, '97.
Starter— H. B. Torrey, U. C, '95.
Clerk of course— F. Argyll, U. C, '96.
Scorer— William Nat Friend, U. C. '96.
Marshal— F. Badelfinger, U. C, '96.
Anuouucer— H. Allen, U. C, '96.
Stanford Defeats Koliauce.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— Stan
ford University baseball nine defeated the
Reliance Club this afternoon on tne Berke
ley diamond by a score of 19 to 5. The
contest was one-sided from the first, the
Stanford nine beginning with a score of
four runs iv the first inning. The game
was witnessed by a very large crowd, t.e
new grand s, did and the bleachers being
both crowded, and many people standing
arourd the field. .• v
The Reliance players were as follows:
Campbell, pitcher and first base; Lanyon,
catcher; Oliver, first base and pitcher; J.
Campbell, second bs\«e; Walton, third base;
Arlitt, shortstop; Dyer, left tield; Ireland, cen
ter field; <£wlng, right field. The Stanford
players were: McLain, pitcher; J^tl's, catcher;
YOtmg. first bsse ; Harris, second base; Sharp,
third base; Taylor, shortstop; Stanbury, left
field; Strohm, center field; Thompson, right
neld. Sheehan, Stanford '95, lyas umpire.
Another Special flection.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11. — The
Board of Education is taking steps for tne
calling of another special election to secure
funds for new schools. Two elections to
bond the town have been defeated and it
is now proposed to secure money by a
direct tax.
On Thursday evening a special meeting
of the Board oi Education will be held for
the purpose of considering the matter.'
Town Attorney Hayne is now preparing
resolutions asking the County Board of
Supervisors to cull the desired special
election.
?•"• Amateur Theatricals.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— Professor
L. dv Pont Lyle's adaptation of Gongreve's
comedy "Love for Love" was presented
this evening iv Bbattaok Hall by univer
sity amateurs. A large and fashionable
audience catherea to witness the perform
ance and was liberal in its applause.
The performance will "be repeated on
Monday evening. The proceeds of the
two evenings will be for the benefit of the
English department of the university and
the fund for sending an athletic team to
tne East.
Junior American Mechanic*.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— local
council of the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics gave asocial to-night
in American Hall. Add: esses were made
by State Councilor Her.ry C. Schaertzer
and by Miss Porter, ex-councilor of Cali
fornia Council No. ll.Daushters of Liberty.
The committee on entertainment consisted
of Paolo Salisbury (chairman), J. C. Sher
ratt, M. P. Geifrine, A. C. Pait, George
Mocnning, J. Schmidt Jr., E. J. Stewart
and E. Hanscom.
High School Kaseball.
BERKELE i". Cai... April 11.— A game of
baseball was played this morning on the
university diamond between the high
schools of Berkeley and Oakland, the
latter winning by a score of 15 to 9.
New Chapter House.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— The Cali
fornia Alpha of Phi Delta Theta, one of the
Greek letter fraternities, of the University
of California, is preparing to build a new
chapter-house. A considerable sum of
money has already been raised for the
building and negotiations for the purchase
of a lot are now in progress.
Easter Music Again.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— The new
vested choir of St. Mark's Church will
repeat at the regular service to-morrow
morning the, special musical programme
arranged for Easter Sunday.
BANKEK LITTLE'S CHANCE.
Judge "Wood May Be Compelled to
Release the Swindler.
OAKLAND, Cai«, April 11. — Judge
Wood of the Police Court refused to an
nounce his decision in the matter of hold
ing Root, alias Kayniond, -alias Miller,
alias Morton, alias Wood, alias Nes bit,
charged with complicity in the gold-brick,
swindle, to-day, so that if possible Banker
Little of Dixoo could be prevailed upon to
swear to a warrant. It now all depends
on the banker's action whether a man
already proven an exceedingly dangerous
character to be at large shall go free.
When the case came up to-day Judge
Wood said he had no doubt at all that
Root was guilty, but he did not think that
under the law he could hold him on the
charge, but would refuse to pass on the
subject until Monday.
CHOP PROSPECTS.
Grain Is Very Cleau and Fruit Is in
First-Class Condition.
HAYWARDS, Cal., April 11. _ The
favorable spring weather and the recent
warm showers have been of much benefit
to growing grain, and there is every indi
cation that farmers will harvest one of the
largest yields to the acre they have had
for years past and of excellent quality.
The grain as it now stands is very ciean.
The rains have not been heavy enough to
start the fine grass.
The fruit outlook at this time indicates
a fair yield of cherries and apricots, and in
many instances a light crop throughout
the valley; a fair crop means a better
quality and prices are usually in favor of
the seller. Other fruits seem to show about
an average yield, but none of the orchard
ists report anything above a fair crop of
any variety.
* — ♦ — «
Epworth League Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 11.— The second
annual Epworth League Convention of
Oakland district will be held on April 17 at
the Chester-street Methodist Church. In
the evening the election of officers will
take place, and addresses will be mad« by
Rev. F. S. Wallis, Rev. M. C. Harris, D.D.\
and Rev. M. S. Cross, D.D.
• — • — -♦ .
How's your sore throat? Gone— long ago!
Kawcked out by Mitchell's ilagic Lotion. •
OFFICERS BADLY BUNKOED
A Chinaman Tricks a Pound
master, Who in Turn Fools
a Deputy.
AH SAM MAKES A TEN STRIKE.
He Escapes in the Darkness and Pilot
Crowley Is Still Looking for His
Day's Fees.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 11. f
All the towns between here and Hay
wards are enjoying the story of a dilemma
that befell Poundmaster Crowley of Hay
wards a couple of days ago.
One of the smartest of San Francisco
Chinamen came over to Alameda County
this week to do business. Being a mer
chant representing several large houses he
cast his eye around looking for a suitable
official to introduce him to the leading
business men of the county and to prompt
him generally in his rounds.
The Chinese merchant, whose name was
given as Ah Sam, finally came across
Poundmaster Crowley. As the ordinance
regarding stray dogs and horses has been
strictly enforced for some months the
Poundmaster was only too glad to do any
thing that would add to his income, and
he accepted the Chinaman's offer to show
him around. They engaged a buggy and
whenever the poundtuan pointed out a
merchant of standing Ah cSam would go
in and Crowley sat outside. The China
man seemed highly please) with his suc
cess and i±id a big business at Mount n,den,
and then a visit was made to San Lorenzo,
where several more orders for goods were
secured.
Meantime Captain Hansen, a deputy
Constable, heard that the lottery ticket
business was being boomed in this'county
and he started out to make a capture if
possible. He soon located the merchant
with whom Haywartis' dignified pound
rr.aster was riding. Captain Hansen ques
tioned them, and as Crowley gave
a full explanation of their business
they were permitted to go. Hansen
continued his search and soon again
ran across the same couple. He waited
till Ah Sam left a store and then went
In and made inquiries which proved thai
the Chinaman was selling and taking or
ders for lottery tickets.
Captain Hanson arrester! Ah Sam and
also Crowley as an accomplice. The
Poundmaster showed his badge of oftice
and made known his position to the Con
stable, but it all availed nothing and Cap
tain Hansen started for Haywards with
his prisoners.
As the b-jggy was only built for two the
Constable led the horse and the prisoners
occupied seats. Before reaching the cala
boose darkness came on, and as It cam^
the Chinaman went, and he has not since
been seen. Tne deputy proceeded with
the Poundmaster under arrest, but after a
parley he was convinced that he had no
evidence asrainst his prisoner and was
forced to release him.
There is much speculation now as to
who was most badly duped. Captain Han
sen certainly caught a tartar in Crowloy.
Crowley is not yet paid for acting pilot
and the use of his rig, and the Chinaman
is doubtless in Sun Francisco, and has
struck San Lorenzo from his visiting list.
COMING TOWN ELECTIONS
Haywards and San Lsandro Will
Elect New Boards and Offi
cers Monday.
The Main Fight in Each Place Is
Over the Office of Town
Marshal.
SAN LKANDRO, Cal., April 11.— The
town elections will be held Monday. All
the candidates are independent} and there
will be elected three members of the
Board of Trustees, City Clerk, City Mar
shal and City Treasurer.
The candidates for trustees are George
Downie, H. F. Eber, J. M. Estudillo, B. D.
Gray ami N. L. Hansen. L. J. Martin and
Frank H. Williams are in the fight for
City Clerk. For the lucrative ofiice of
City Marshal there are five candidates,
Manuel Barge, Michael Geisennofer,
William B. McKenzie, M. J. O'Brien and
A. J. Santos. There is no opponent to
Joseph Herrscher for City Treasurer.
There will be only two precincts on elec
tion day. In Precint lthe officers will be
as follows: Inspectors — W. P. Truesdell,
J. Chipman; judges — C. Dawbarn and F.
Barradas; tally clerks — A. J. Lynch, D. Mc-
Carthy; ballot clerks— F. Gonsalves and J.
W. Hass. In the Second Precinct the
officers in charge will be: Inspectors — J.
Baumberger, S. Ury; judges — W. J. Strat
ton, C. Peterson ; tally . clerks— H. A.
Morin, T. Morgan; ballot clerks— T. J.
Gill and J. Fields.
HAYWARDS, Cal., April 11.— The
municipal election will be neid Monday.
Then; are many candidates, but the main
tight is between Raruage and Obe-mulier
for Marshal. The candidates have all
been nominated by petition, and are, there
fore, all independent. The candidates are:
Town Trustees — G-orge C. Baxter, W. P.
Crane, Charles W. Heyer, E. W. Merwin,
John D. Pinheiro, M. C. Petersen, William
Lawrence, Henry Powell Sr. Town Mar
shal—George F. Oberruuller, W. J. Ram
age. Town Clerk — H. E. Brunner, Jumes
A. Collins. Town Treasurer — Alonzo Brad
ford, A. E. Fischer. Library Trustees —
F. F. Allen, .1. E. Geary, J. J. McDonnell,
R. Reid, B. E. Wenk. '
There will be a large young men's yot
this year, the new registration amounting
to over seventy.
EFFECTS OF THE STRIKE
Prominent Contractors Indorse
the Building Trades Work
ing Card.
ARE SIGNING AN AGREEMENT.
The Present Situation Results From a
Conference Held a Year
Ago.
From all that can be learned the unions
connected with the building trades are
entering upon an era of prosperity never
before equaled in the history of trades
on onism In this City. This prediction is
based upon important information re
ceived at the headquarters on Turk street
early last evening, which kept the men in
earnest discussion until a late hour. The
news was nothing else than that a large
number of the reputable and prominent
contractors, members of tbe Builders' Ex
change, are banding themselves together
to help the unions of the building trades
in enforcing the working-card.
The history of this action dates back to
a year ago this month, wi.en the trades
unions were not as prosperous as they are
now. The carpenters sent representatives
to the members of the Builders' Exchange
and asked them to enter into a compact
similar to the one in vogue in Chicago,
commonly known as the "Chicago agree
ment." This arrangement has been very
successfully carried out between the Chi
cago contractors and the building trades
unions for several years.
Under its provisions the contractors
acree to assist the members of the
unions to observe the union rules relative
to the hours of work, rate of wages and
the employment of only union men. The
latter in return protect the contractors by
driving out of business all "coyote" con
tractors who work as journeymen part of
the time and do contracting at other times
at rates below what any reputable con
tractor can fitrure.
Such an agreement the local carpenters
wanted to make with the contractors, but
the latter said that the unions v>ere not
properly organized at the time. "Go and
perfect your organizations; get all your
craftsmen into your unions and then you
will be in a position to demand better
wages, better hours and a recognition of
the working card," was the substance of
the answer in reply to the request.
The workmen at once took the hint be
lieving that when they could make a
showing their request would be favorably
received by the better class of contractors.
In furtherance of the idea the Building
NEW TO-DAY.
DR. EDISON'S PILLS AND SALT
Have Been Triumphantly Tested by the Ameri-
can Medical Agre.
Mrs. Catharine Hammond Hitrney, San Francisco, Keduced 36 Founds.
From tbe American Medical Age.
"A system of co r respondence which has !
been carried on between the editors of this j
publication and a few of the people who j
have been benefited by Dr. Edison's !
Obesity Pills and Salt has developed the j
faci that oat of 30D consecutive cases the
average reduction in 150 cast 3 was 28 pounds
per month, and in 156 cases was 19J.£
pounds per month. In one of three un-
successful cases, so called, the total re-
duction was 26 pounds, in the second 23
and in the third 15. The use of these
remedies was followed by no disagreeable
results, and was in every wav beneficial."
The iat man's tenure of life is very uncer-
tain in dos' days. So is the fat woman's.
Take Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Salt
and wear his Obesity Band. If you are
not so very fat a month's treatment ought
to reduce you satisfactorily. If you weigh
a good many more pounds than you ought,
two months' treatment ought to do it.
Hundreds of others all around you are
getting in shape to bid defiance to hot
weather. Why don't you do it, too, when
it is so easy?
Writing from her home on Argentine
avenue, Mrs. Catherine Hammond Har-
ney, whose portrait is above, says: "I
grew fleshy until I advanced from 129 to
196. I was afflicted abo with heart and
liver trouble. I took three bottles of Dr.
Edison's Obesity Pills and two of his Fruit
Salt, and they reduced me thirty-six
pounds and ouite cured me of my heart
and liver disease. I t:;en took these reme-
dies more sparingly another month and
was permanently reduced to my old
weight."
Mrs. Lena Langdon Haven, Ninth ave-
nue, writes: "I was so fat last summer
that I suffered awfully. I was not only
fat, but sick. Early in February I began
taking Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills iand Salt,
and in six weeks tney reduced me to my
old weight (125), relieving me of thirty-
five pounds of surplus fat, restoring my
oid graceful form and curing me of indi-
gestion and palpitation of the heart. Ido
not dread hot weath r now."
Mrs. Susette Hampton Pixley, Dolores
street, writes: "For too plump shoulders,
arms, Dust and neck I took Dr. Edison's
Obesity Pilis ana Salts, and in six weeks
was brought to symmetry and comeliness.
These reme-Jies restored all of my old charm
of figure and improved my health."
Take these remedies in spring to fortify
your system acainst the dangers of the
summer. Dr. Edison's Pills aii'd Salt re-
duce fat and cure chronic diseases. Write
to LORINfJ- A CO.'S CHICAGO MEDICAL
DEPARTMENT for iree advice about,
! i
Trades Council was organized ard as it i 3
well known the working card was put out
on the Ist inst. . "
The strike tbat followed did not have
an injurious effect upon the arrangement
because those affected by the strike are not
in the list of those who" advised the jour
neymen to organize a year ago and it
served one good purpose. It showed the
strength of tne building trades unions. This
was what the local contractors mentioned'
wanted to see. and having seen it is evi
dent that they are satisfied.
Yesterday a prominent contractor In
conversation with one of his workmen gave
the startling but pleasing information that
a number of the most reputable and best
known contractors in the Builders' Ex
change were signing an agreement to
stand by and support the card system. He
atided: "I signed the agreement to-day,
and there is a long list ahead of ray name.
If the unions stand by the card we will
stand by the unions." The contractor made
good his words by informing the men that
they must all show up for worK on Mon
day morning with their working cards in
hand.
When comparing notes at headquarters
last evening it was found that several con
tractors had notified their men to be pro
vided with working cards on Monday
morning, and two of the contractors gave
similar information regarding the agree*
ment among the contractors to uphold the
unions' workin.r card system and employ
only union men. This agreement so far
as can be learned exists only among mem
bers of the exchange and completely cuts
off outside contractors.
SUICIDE WITH A BIFLE.
C. 11. Warden hnU the Fatal Trigger
With Hh Toe.
C. H. Warden committed suicide last
night at his home, 621 Twenty -first street.
He loaded his Winchester riCe, removed
the shoe from his right foot, placed the
muzzle of the weapon in his mouth and
pulled the trigger with his toe. There
was a loud report, and when members of
Warden's family rushed into the room
they found him with the top of his bead
blown off. He died instantly.
Warden was 28 yean of age. He leaves
his mother and tur^e sisters. The mother
said he bad been out of work for a long
time, and was expecting money that did
not come. Though of a jolly disposition
he grew despondent.
Sons of St. George.
The City and Alameda County lodges of tho
Sons of St. George have made arrangements to
hold their ninth annual picnic At Sunset Park,
in the !?anta Cruz Mountains, on ihe 30th of
May. The City lodges of this order, assisted by
the Daughters of St. George, will combine to
celebrate St. Georee's day, Thursday, April 23,
by holding .'; erand entertainment and ball at
their hall, 317 Mason street.
General Dlmond'a Illness.
General Dimond has been ill at his home at
2126 Broadway for some time, but his family
and friends are not apprehensive of any serU
ous results. In fact, tlio srener.il was much im
proved yesterday. His family say lie ia oaly
taking a much-needed rest.
Deafness does not decrease the chance
for life. Deaf people live as loa^ as others.
obesity or other diseases.
Why don't you get thin? It may be
done so easily and so qu:ckly that if you
do it you will ever afterward wonder why
you di<> not do it sooner. You remember
how you suffered from the heat last sum-
mer, as only a fat man or woman can suf-
fer in hot weather. You were in danger of
sudden death almost every day from June
to September. You knew it then and
you know it now. Why don't you get
over on the safe side? Dr. Edison's Pills
and salt are the greatest spring medi-
cines. They go farther and cost less and
do more good than any others.
Dr. Edlaon'a - Obesity and Supporting
Band.
Colonel Denton, Los Angeles, writes:
"I have a reduction of nine inches in ab-
dominal girth by wearing Dr. Edison's Obe-
sity Baud one month."
The One Reliable Treatment.
Obesity Pills, $1 50 a bottle, or three bot-
tles for $4, enough for one treatment.
Obesity Band, $2 50 and up. Measure aa
per figures on cnt.
Obesity Fruit Salt is $1 a bottle. This
should be used in the iamily as a bever-
age during all seasons by fat and thin, oid
and young. It makes a delightful drink
and prevents and cures b.oniach com-
plaints.
No Tonics, Nervines, "Sarsaparillaa"
or Other >leilieinen Required When
These Keinedies Are Used.
Send for free postpaid copy of
"HOW TO CURJS OBESIiY." '
Four newspaper columns, 1:00 testimonials.
Sbould be reau by every fat person. Say you saw
tbss in The -an Francisco Call. C. O. D. orders
nui>: be accompanied by $1 to guarantee express
charges.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco and Los Angeles.
LORING & CO.,
General Agents United States.
. . I>ejp.'t.:39^lls State St., Chicago.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BOSTKESS OFFICE of thtiSan Francisco
710 Murkrt street, open until 12 o'.-locii every
nlßht in the year.
HIUM-ll OFFICES-830 MontKomery street,
rorii. r Clay; open until 0:30 o'clock.
.S«'.» Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:.H0 o'clock.
■W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streuts, open
till! 9 o'clock.
U6IH Mission street, open until B o'clock.
llfl Ninth street, op.-n until 9:30 o'clock.
OIIUKCU NOTICBB.
»->-- riRST CHURCH OF OHRIBT, SCIKN-
■» £>' tUt — Services itt 11 A. m. In Ite.llioven Hall,
SB6 Pom bU. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Suhjeot: "Invita-
tion to tbe Spiritual Supper." "Science and
Health " study Thursday, at 7:4fl r. M., in Golden
Weal Hail. 320 I'ost street. All are welcome. •__
K>- 1 KIM TV .111 in 11, COR. BUSH AN D
Br^& Gough sts.— Rev. Geottte Kdward Walk,
rector. Bandar-school at 8:30 a. m. Morning
prayer and sermon at ll o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon nt 7:30. Hoy com-
'ininlon on the first and third Sunday* of the
month, and on holy days al 11 a. m. All wel-
come. The Easter miisle'wlll b* repeatea to-day.
or^3v* first UNITARIAN CHURCH, oor-
»■<•' ncr G.arv nnd Franklin sts.- Rev. Horatio
Kiebblns, D.D.. mlnlnter; William <•• Eliot Jr.,
rsfsoelate. at the church Monday* from 10 to 12.
Bundar-RChool at B ISA. M. S, rvlces at 11 A.M.
and 7:.M> r. m. Itll.le-cluss at 0:45 a. M.,le<lby
Rev. Samuel siocombe. All are cordially Invited.
|f K> si < i>N |i I M t".Vr lAN .111 ROH, 1 COR-
&■*"■■ ncr of Twentieth and Capii sts.— A. J.
We.l ls. pastor, Mr. Wells will preach nt 11a.m.
on al ure Books and Friends. A special lervtoe
nt 7:45 p. k, Miss Susan H. Anthony will «i»'»k
■nn ••The Moral rowers of the Ballot." Men es-
I»»ri«llv are Invited to oome and hear. Pastor's
Bible olass at t'> IB v n. Sunday al 9:45
a. M. All sents free. l"»s:or resides at 20 Llb-
• rtj «U _
ff--7r- CALVARY TERIANCHU RCH;
Lt-t' corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev.
John Remphlll, D.D., pastor, will preach at 11
a. m and 7:30 r M. Topic, evening: "Secret
Sin." Morning, muido, T«> Deum, "Festival,"
Dudley Ruck: ofTertorv. "O f,ord, Recall Them";
•■! »Julve, M nssi solo, by W. C. Campbell. Evening
service the mnMo will be a rspetltlon of Easter
ser\ice. Anthem. "He Is Risen" (Shelling): an-
them, "Hosanna"; solo and qnartel (Jules
n ranter): response, (rlo, "Li«ht Thine Eyes"
( Elijah) ; offertory. "He is Risen" (<»chneclcerl ;
notirano solo. Mrs. Priest fine, with violin obll-
jlUUO.'Lewellyn Hughes. All are made welcome.
BRACE METHODIST EPfsCOPAI
Ct-« / Church, cor. Pwi*ntj and Capp sts.—
15rv. M. F. ilbnm pastor, ■I'renchini; by the
pastor mornlnji and evening. Preachlns at 11
A M.. Mlhject: "A V\ .-• '• rf I 1 T.-. <•-- Multiplying
» Man t>v the firenmfen of il ■• Farth." Sun-
«lav-srho<il ai 2:IiO r M.; 0. W. Mnric, superintend-
ent: Mnc the children: all »r.' invited. Praia*
oervlce 7:80 r. M.. led in- Bro. Robert Hustiand.
Preaching at 7:45 r. m. Everybody invited. Seats
free.
m- -Ts- tTHI RD CONO REGATIOXA L i ill RCh,
tV^e 1 Fifteenth st.. near Mission Rev. William
Rader, paatni Services at 11 A. m : sub.iect.
••People WhoDouhU" Services at 7:HO P. m-:
subje<-t, --Tlie lliclier Theucht of Tenny," the
first In series on the theology of the later I'"* 1 -
Mus!.- by chorus ctiolr unfler dfroctlon of William
C. Sindt'feld. All aiecordUllr fnvirrd.
Er>?" FIHST A pTIST iHI Kill. EDDY ST.,
*• •J*' near Jones Rev. M. P. lloynton. pas-
tor. Services Sunday, April 12, ISiUi. Preaching
by the pastoral 11 a. ii.; subject: "The Chinch
of the Aposiles"; grand sous service; and at 7:80
p. J1.7 abort sermon,' topic "Christ and the Syna-
KOiiii-s." Rnpiism ai evening service. Bunday-
tichool at 12:;-tO r. M. Y. r. S. of C. K. at 6:80
p. m. Prayer meeting ach > dnesday evening
:>t >:45. L'brlstian culture < i.is-, Friday even-
ing ai H o'clock. All these services are open to
the public. Strangers are welcome.
B i r^s» KI RST IMlKii PRESBYTERIAN
v " ° Church. Golden Gate aye. and I'olk st
Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.l>., paator, Servloes at 11
a v and7:Sor m. roe young people's services
al 6:80 p.m. The pasu r will pi ach al both sei
\lcea. -uiv-,: lor evening. "From the Life or
Jonuh." a revival on the high seas; sermon for
sailors, Sei free. Cordial welcome to nil.
If :.-■ if I v SS " T EXG LISU LUTHERAN
■>-» i.ur.-h. on Geary st., near Gongh— Rev. O.
11. Gruver. pastor. Services Sunday ai 11
a. »i. am! 7 -i:. i\ m ; Sutulay-M-hool at 9:15 a. m.
\oung People's meeting at 7 p.m. Snbiect of
morning sermon. -Thomas' Contesslon." ai. aro
Welcome, seals free.
OS» "DKTiloiTlMXs LECTI-RKS TO-NIGHT
.<ii--\v:i\ Spiritualism Is Blamed for the
K»sc»lity ot Konune-tellers." Convincing tests,
the sick healed,' modlnms developed and writte
questions iw< red. W ashlnxton Hall. .^.m.j Endy
st-. Sr.ii.; circle tickets, magnetized paper and ad-
mission free.
Krr^ CHURCH OFJESI HlUsi of lat-
•* c ' ter-dav Saints, in Pythian raslle, 909 Mar-
ket st- Conference to-day. Services at 10 A. M..
2 and 7:4."> r. m. A friendly ivitatlon Is extended
to the nblic. No collections.
CT"ip T M EOSl ) UKAL SOCIETY —iRI R
--' v public lectme every Sat i»- evening «t S2O
"- ; st., 7:-»5 o'clock. To- night, "BetwetnTwo
Lives." by Dc '.: at J. Patterson.
si'xhay | IIM.S.
Jt^S* ["HI . \ i PROGRESSIVE
l*~- £ ' Splritualisia will meet in Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter st., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
day. April 12, 18*'»S at 7:45 r. m. speaker, J.
tiek-g Wris'U. Subject, -A Message from Ibe
spirit W orld." rbii lecture will be on a messace
from Alfred w. Dodge In S|.rit spheres to his
fatber and mother. Mr. and Mr-< m. B. Dodge. The
mess.ise will be re».! to the audience. Api roprlate
music by the Misses Lillian and Emily Coleman.
Admission free.
R^Sf" PTTOGRKSSIVE CHRISTIAN SPIRIT-
«V~* y oallst Socletj will give proof of life afterthis
by the »tHr medloms, Mrs. Kate Heussmann,
trance medium; Mts. M. Francis, Independent
slate--. Lori [Hall, 1 leventh and Clay
■treat*. Oakland; 2:30 and 7:30 p. m. sharp. Ad-
mission. 10c
» 3o LIBKRALS AND TRUTH-iKF.KEP.S-
£»-■«' Dr. J. l. York, the noted orator, speaks at
Scottish Hall, 105 I.srktn st.. this e\eniu< »t s
sharp on -some Mistakes of Theolosy," with a
prelude on the ■ rlstiaa missionary scheme to
convert ihe wicked Jews. Doa'l miss a red-hot
lee n 1 re.
jf • B»7 MARKET ST., FIRST PRCGRES-
»-»• Rive Spiritual Church— ll a. m. develo
rlrde: 2r. m. platform sts. Mrs. Dunham Ewer.
Mr. Keettan, Di\on lansan; 7:30 p. m . tests, Mrs.
Tobias, Meyers, Harlaud, Warreu and others.
Good music.
rr ,- CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY—
**--*» Mr. .1. J. Morse will lecture at National
Hall. Ellis sU. bei Polk s:. and Van Ness uve.,
tlii.^ evening »>. 7:45. Subject: -The Suprr-Phy-
Bic.tl Uai . His rgaalsm aud Functions.'" Admfs-
Blon free.
ftr^.^ AT"~im. ltlX-ES' SPIRITUAL MEET-
<*-* Ing. 909 Market su. 2 and Br. m.. circle and
platform tests; Mm< Tobl.ts, CsrnelcKil. Harland;
>ong. Miss Minnie Woodward. Ottice, 128 TurK su
CrrSy' 600 D . CITIZENSHIP MEETING.
'->^ c'e ' Metropolitan Temple, Sunday. April 12, 3
P. v. Address by Channcey Parke; subject, "An-
tagonism of CiviltKiiion." Admission. 5 cents.
Prg^~A GKAND TEST MKf.TI.Mi AT fMIS
•v-* Market si ai 2 and 8 P m. : Mrs. Henderson
Mrs. Holland, Mrs. Butler and R. A. Stltf ad-
mission 10c.
r -«• MADAME MONTAGUE WILL LEC-
i»- c - ture be-ore the Psychical society of Oak-
land at Fraternal Hall, Washington street, at
H p. vi.
t'y rO-XIOHT, R s] gakrisox, ma-
*~"^ terialiring. slate- writing, trumpet seaace.
110 Hayes St.; 25c.
jc^s» MRS sTTriner. parlor test-
>*-*' circle to-nlgbt; 10c. Sittings daily a; Jll
Van Ness aye.
F^sv> k •— : CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10&:
k^*» large orohestra. MaiE. YOUNG, 605 Mc-
Allister.
f S- mrs. ioTby holds her CIRCLES
»>^s» for spirit messages to-night at 122V^ Oak su
f}R- C, V. MILLER, ETIIEKEALIZIXO
materializing seance, 8 P. x., 535 Posu 50c.
r-sr MRS. FULTON. MATERIAI
i>^' sonceto-pight; 50c 31 Fell st.
r^- MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE, S2SGEARY
t -•> st.. h.« circle to-niphu
NOTICE OF MKKIINtiS.
J^?v» MOUNT MORI IE Na ■
*>-«• 4«, F. ami A. M.— Offlcen aacl mem-_*V
bers aiv respect fttUy requested to assemble xf Jf
hi the remple, sC'NDA V, Apri 12. al 2p. (V^
m.. '" the purpose of attendms the funeral of our
late brother, EDWIX WALLACE CARR. By
order of the M. W. THEO. FROLICU. Sec *
r?-5p FIDELITY LODGE XO. rw . vv^iSLL-^
sV-s 1 I. O. •'. F.— Regular rneetiDc^^SgS^--
MONDAY EVENING. April IS. In-^^S*^^
Itiatlon. Members re^ucs;ed, visitors '■ > /'.i\^ r^
lnv'.t.M to atteua. W. S. MATTHEWS, X. O.
1. H. VtNUYEor.ART. ITI I IlllaiJ
JS* o iTD"t"R" O~F CHOSEN >^=«!?r~
t*-*" Krtcnds-The Grand Council of ii^vsX
California win •-in Memorial V»WiW
Hall.O Fellows" bulidin?, TUESDAY. April 14,
at IOoVICK-lc a. vt. s. c. WAi.i.is.
Grand Recorder.
£ S* AN ADJOURNED MKETIXG^.^>>
* v l> 01 the St. Patrick's L>*v Convention V.\V V ;*
of 1896 viu; be held THIS AFTKRXOOX 9i >
at .H o'clock a; II ibernian Hall, 120 Ninth st cvt:\l£»
A flim. report - ill X- made to the coaven- »^ci
tion. TIIOS. ft I! AN NER MAX, President.
_ Vt rin J. Mcvormick. Secretary.
JT >" EXCELSIOR , ;■.;, i y n.i 3. C.^«_^
•>-» of P.-The omeera and companions T^f
«.f Kxce!s!or Circle No. 2. C.of F..ar«> here >l
by nottfled to attend iho funeral of our lale £]_3
™mpanton. Mlts. a. BUTT. THIS (SUN-
DAY) MOUNI NiI ai 10 ock sharp from the ud-
<iiT:»kin« parlors ot McGinn Bros.. SI Eddr su
lly order of D. joh A NSEX, C.'C
Attest: John J. Cnax>v, Fin. sec.
|P>- III! GATHERING v O v
£»-»■ and games of the( aledoutan Club £fci?7
SATURDAY, May SO, n. sbell Mound SskT « *J
Park. D. H McXEILL, Chief.
. • Ji'i' ■ H. DrxcAX, Secretary.
*SS» "FOR vl LD usti SYSE."- :«> <r»T7
»-»' Thirty-!lfth gr*ud a<inu&U>\cnr- A XiVt
«|ou, jlcnlc and mmes of Si. .\!ldr» v ir
society at El Cunipo mi Y. May '*3^f
1«(. Ih9tl. AXDRKW WILKIK, i'resld^nu
\x'ii_.i«m C. Cook, Secretary.
■- jj- ■ ITK HI x'.-ionk oi? hekmax
sV-*^ Kemplnsky will be wt on SUNDAY, April
12, *t . u'clock r. v. *t tue .Xciv SAlein cenu-ierv.
MKKTINO yOTICES-Conttnued.
f?y> BAINT. U ANT»ItEW 1 S N"''-_t7il,
Bfr^t^ ety — Regulnr mewing TO-MOR- J«j t»Oo/
I ; . i w (MONDAY) EVENING, April
13, hi tho eloso of which there will be v ■«'-5 l *
social reunion; all memDers ar • cordially invited
ANDREW wii.KiK, President.
W. C. Cook. Secn-iary. ' ____^____
DIVIDKM) NOTICKS.
-f --tT- DIVIDEND NOI'ICE— THE NEVADA
IS-t- Bank <if San Francisco. The Hoard ot Direc-
tors of this bank have declared a dividend (NO, ll>)
for the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of mx
(8> percent per annum, pavalilu on an.', after the
16th of April. Transfer-books will be closed from
tho 10;h to the 15th lust., both duys inclusive.'
I). B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
sun Francisco, April M. IHO6.
SI'KCIAIi NOTICES.
jr > • HAD TENANT* kTeCTJ-I)" "FO-vT •* j
or-*' collections made, city or country. Pacltlc
Collection Co., 415 Montgy at.,* room tf. Tel. 55H0.
y'C^f WINDOWS I i.KAXEII AXD FLOORS
W^tr BOiabbsd; reasonable rates: payment for
carnages naraateed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
SlTl' ATIONS WANIi:i) I«'K3I ALK.
V^RsTlMjrAS^jli^t^XN r "TxM3IcTAX BXCEL-
F lent Scotch nurse; a German seamstrees and
norse; a competent Swedish waitress and parlor;
4 Brat-olast cooks; an Irish nurse lor infants, oan
furnish 5 years' reference; 1(1 neat willing Irish
housework gtrls, are registered far situations; all
these peop liave reliable city r>'l'.renc.-s. For
further particulars address Miss PLUNKETT,
42 1 smter su, telephone main 5472.
OMPETEXT DANISH COOK AND LAUN-
V dress desires situation; beMt references: city or
country. M ISS CULLEX, 323 Suiter st.
I ADI CAN SECURE PQIST-CLAB9 HELP
1-i of all nationalities forcliy or country by call-
Ing or addressing Mists CULLEN, 323 sutter st.
PMitsr-i'i.Ass GERMAX COOK DESIRES
T situation; best reference; cily or country. MISS
I. LEX. 323 Sutler st.
\\ r A ITIXG AND UPSTAIRS GIRLS. $16 to
'» V3S; tirst cinss cooks, $20 to *30: seneral
Housework gtrls, $12 to $20. MISS HICKEY,
1033 I'o.st su, tel. Suiter 52.
IX FA NTS x i:si - BEST ' CITY REFER-
eaoe. Miss HICKEY, 1033 Post st., tel. Sut-
ter 52.
TfIRST-OLASS HAMIJURGERCOOK DKSIRES
.V place, 2 years' reference, city orcouutry; neat
German chambermaid und Beaxastveas J strong
ranch or hotel oooks; Ins Hution and hotel help
awaiting, Send to MME. LEOPOLD, Reliable Em-
plo\ me nt Agency, 20 Stockton st.
AT THE SWEDISH 'EMPLOYMENT BU-
-V reau, first-class girls await situations. 315
Sutter st.
ELI ABLE WOMAX WANTS POSITION AS
• I nurse for children or Invalid for parties going
East, for her fare. Address A. I>. , box 1 16, fall.
\'.>l Xt; FRENCH LAO'S WANTS POSITION
J- In American family to do second work; city
references. Address 1014 Pacific nt.
THONG YOUXG WOMAN WANTS WORK
bjr the day washing aud housecleauing: 75c
per day; half day 60c. Call or address 1014 Pa-
citi.- si . bet, Taylor and Mason.
UTANir.Ii — BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAX
»' housework In small family; no objection to do
rooking and laundry; city or country. Apply 1000
ashlngtoii sU
SWEDISH . 1 1; l WISHES SITUATION todTi
0 cookini; or housework. Call Monday 36 Wash-
Ipgton aye., bet. Xinth and Tenth sts.
XE FINED ENGLISH YOUNG LADY DESIRES
J V place with lady returning to New York as maid
or companion; good references; good dressmaker
bikl sewer. McDowell system; speaks 3 languages
B. 1; .... 2106 Delaware su, Berkeley.
\ r OTJNQ LADY WISH! COOKIXU AXD AS-
I sist; wages $l2to $ls;cityor country. Address
E. C. box 73, this otlice.
\-ol\i; LADY OF GOOD FAMILY WOULD
1- like position as companion lo elderly la.iy; best
of references. Address B. P., box 115, Call Office,
G.MPETENT im ax WANTS WOBKIBY
J the day; Is a tirst-clnss laundress. Call 247 i
Clara s:.
LMRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER ON TAILOR-
-1 ma.le dresses; at home or in families. L. FITZ-
PATRICK, 1312 Pine st.
VTOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO ASSIST IX
I housework. Apply 924 Washington at.
MIDDLE-AOSD womax shies posT
tlon to care for invalid, help with sewing, cook-
Ing or housework; pay moderate: city or country.
a: ply 1727 Stevenson sU, near Nlaeteento st.
]>ESPECTABLE WOMAX WANTS PLACE
J\ washing and ironing; $lperday. AddressH.,
box 72, Call Oflice.
I^REXCH lady] SPEAKIXO GOOD EX
I Ilsh, wishes plain sf wine at home: has her own
s»wing-machine; understands mending, also gen-
Uemen's mending. MRS. DORK, 706 California su
ENGLISH MAID; GOuD aEAMBTRESS,
hairdressing; city reference. Address G. M..
box 123, Call.
1/ RST-CLASS SKAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
1? few more engagements by day or week ■ wash
goods a specialty, v. T., box 104, Call Olllce.
p ERMAN WOMAX WISHES SITUATION AS
VI boosekeepsr; is a gool cook; experienced
lady's nurse. Address Grocery, NW. cor. Fifteenth
and Guerrero sts.
\- tU'M) C: it max girl wish es sITCA-
tloii to do light nousework. 12 36^ Harrisou.
L' 1 REXCH LADY, WIDOW, WOULD LIKE A
-T situation to do housework of any kind; or
Housekeeper. Call 417 Foisom st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
yj the day; washing, ironing and honsecleauing;
good worker. Call or address 419 Minna su, near
Fifth.
\VAXTED-SITUATIOX TO COOK AXD DO
" general housework in small family by com-
petent, elderly person: wages a secondary con-
sideration; city or couutrv. Address Reliable,
box 127, Call Ufßoe
pOMPETENT GIRL WOULD LIKE TO DO
\J general housework in American family; no
tr;'.l.-ts need apply. Call 207 Thirteenth St.," near
Howard.
p ERMAN WOMAX WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
VI work and plain cooking or mind a baby. Call
at 1215Va Powell su, near Pacific.
rru ation wanted by a reliarde
O young Swiss woman to do tirsi-c!as« hotel
work or .is cashier: speaks good English. Call 232
Van Xess aye., room 9.
\ OUNQ GIRL WISHES A Slfr ATION TO
-I do light housework aud mind children. Apply
Grove su '
pOMPETENT PERSON WOULD LIKE A PO-
VJ s'.tlon as housekeeper: no objection to children;
good seamstress, or would care for an invalid; city
or country. 104 Grove St., room 2.
OITUATION WAX — WOMAX WAXTS
O housework In a small family; good plain cook,
or woutd assist: would do washing or h'ousedean-
intr. 104 Grove st., room 2.
\VOMAN WAXTS TO go OUT by THE DAY
' ' washing and ironing or take washing home.
Call or address 1032 Xineteenth su
W OMAX WAX A SITUATION AS HOUSii-
'" keeper or nurse in an institution. Call or ad-
dress for two days 720 Xatoma su
A »r OMAN WAXTS SITUATION" AS HOUSB-
" keeper; no objection to children, or would
take cbarge of an lufauu Call or address for two
dayi 720 Natoasa su ; • y.v...^
RfcsSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK BY
the day or take sewing home; reasonable; r-. f-
erences. 219 Golden Caie aye,
A N ENGLISH WOMAX OF REFIXEMEXT
-■"»- lately irom London through unforeseen cir-
cums;ances seeks a position a.« housekeeper to a
S«"ntleman; trustworthy, and no objection to the
country. Address H. >.. box 42, this ollice.
MRS. SCHMHUS. GERMAN*. WAXTS WORK
by day washing, ironing, houstcleanlng. 2211
Powell su, lower floor.
\y ANTED — POSITIOX AS HOUSEKEEPER,
»' companion or nurse to a lady: domesticated
and foad of children; salary secondary considera-
tion. Address E. 8., box 1. Call Oflice. Oakland.
1 ADY OP KEFIXEMENT WOULD LIKK A
I. position as housekeeper for widower. Ad-
oresaMKa MAXTELL, Oakland Postoffice, Ala-
meda County. Cal.
pOOD IRON WISHES PLACE IN HOTEL,
V.T or would do chamber work. iC. X., box 4
Call Qgice. Oakland.
pOMPETENT woman WANTS work BY
K, l the day. 1718 Lexington aye., nr. Eighteenth
and Valencia.
A GIRL WTSRXB r A SITUATION; HOVSE-
-^V work and cooking. Address .31< Ellis streeu
OUSEKEEPER'S POSITIOX WAXTED BY
•elderly widow capable of doing ontire work of
fni»;. family; widower of fauiilv preferred; a home
the chief uiiiect. Call 46UU; Minna aU; basemenu
I^IRST-CLASS COOK SEEKS SITUATION IX
JF boarding-house, mstttutiou. hotel or private
family. Call or address 81 Xatoma su, mooi 5.
C X A V i A N.-IKLTo"boHOI'SEWoKK-
O Is a good cook; wages $25. Call 414 Foisom.
yOCXfiUIKL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
A upstairs work or care children. 431 Ridley su,
be.v Church and Sanchet.
"yOUXG L^VDY WAXTS POSITION TO AS-
A sist w-.th housework: small wages. Address G.
I- box 134, Call Oflice.
aTIon WAXTED by a respectable
»■. womaa to do housework where she can sleep
home, or wfil work by the day: can give the best
of (ecaaosa. Address MRS. WARD, l!Si8
Laguna »t-. rear.
OTELUELP-2 VERY COMPETEXTGIRLS.
used to work, will go to resort or city house at
reasonanlo remuneration: well recommended
ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland. >
NEAT YOVNiS GERMAX GIRL WAXTS A
Xt position for general housework : is very (rood
; cook: best references In German and EnglUh. Call
621 Twenty-fourth su
YOUNG WOMAX WISHES PLAIN SEWING
1 iu\d mending: children's clothes and wniie
clothes- Address or call 715 Natoma s; . rooms
10 aad 13.
XPERIEXCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRE-?
plain sewing and mending: hours 1 to K. 105
Stockton m., room -».
[7>RKN< H LADY WISHES A rtATIONTO
-T do sewtus. rtc. : good dressmaker: waiting, etc,
and as il:miniirai»lit. Addles? LJSONIE EHLY.
13 Tren'.ou si., Pacific.bet. Stockton and Powell.
\- OUNG lady wishes axy light occu-
-1 pation troia 9 till 5 r. m. daily; can cut and nt
.'n-«v's; children's ntoihsa soai_a,esQi Appiv 706
E.I si. :-^K-W>- - • ■ ...
- . . . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTEO-Cantiuued.
[NOHESTEB HOU SE, -14 THIRD ST., ' X i;.
'• Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to ,f6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus tn and from the ferry. ■
SITUATIONS WAMED-MALE.
HI'MIH tJO., CIUNKHE AND JAPAN-
ese employment oilice, 17 Webb st.. below
Keurny, but. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CG.-COOK'U BOC. SUPPLIKS COOKS; ALL
. branches :.short notice. 1 Geary. tel.Orant 46.
JAPANESE AXD CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O ollice; best help. 3148 Slitter: tel. Grant 30.
(CHINESE A Nil JAPAXESE EMPLOYMENT
l^ ollicp; best help. 414 i/ O'Farrell; tel. k. ii'd.
OHER. INDUSTRIOUS SWEDISH M \N
O with llrsl-class referwnces, wishes a situation as
Sa^B" d thgomgr ; good mUker - Aadr
A X iIVK YOUNG MAX WANTS POSI-
XV tion D S cleric; drytroods or Br CerleS preferred -
Address I). «., box 148, Call.
\| AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION ON
kI infl C^. : P ence; reference. Address B. S.,
DOX I'M), lull, „. , , . .
VI INING ENGINEER AND METALLURGIST. 1
li 118 years' . exDerience In mlniuc, smelting anj
gold milling, Is open ior engagement: references.
A (ldress Metallurßist, Brooklyn ii <>i , city.
"\|AX WAXTS POSITIOX IN WINE BTJBI-"
-»1 ness: 14 years' experience. Apply 2816 Gold-
en Gnto aye. '-,;: T..V,
\ ' OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION IN
-I country htore; will accept small salary to .start :
t e r n^-caii d oj& c y eference '- Address Coun-
tr\ . bos BS, can Ofßoe.
y OUNQ MARRIED MAX, WHO HAS BEEN
-L salesman In general merchandise, most of his
time, would like a position of any kind- refer-
ence. A.l.lres.s M. A., box 100, Call OlHce. '
LX I'KKI liN C ED CARPENTER WANTS
bVx'lSyCal^O^cf.. OOumry - Addr63S Car P gnter -
OTEADY, RELIABLE MANTviSHEa SITUA-
KJ tioaof any kind; city or country; good re'er-
euce. Address J. X., box 124. Call. "
yoUNG MAN AND WIFE (GERMAN)
-I- would like position on a vineyard; man a good
farmer and well experienced In making and keep-
ing wines; wife a good cook and housekeeper; can
give good reference. Address W. G., box 21, this
office.
I^LDBRLY GERMAN CARPENTER, CABI-
-\-i net-maker uud gcueral repairer wonts position-
City or country. Address MILLEB, 302 Fiith st.
GARDENER. FLORIST, Fl RST-CLASS i-: A ST-
ern and California references, good worker,
wishes position: wages moderate. Aduress G. F..
box 126. Call utlice.
O ITUATIOX WAXTED RY A MAX EXPERI-
kj ence.i in the wine business as foreman or m-in-
a*er in a large wine cellar orvineyanl; 15 years
iv the business, 3 years manager. Address F. 11
i 63 Mission st.
OITUATION WANTED AS A BUTLER OR
O Indoor servant by an Englishman: middle-
aged; references. Address s. 11., box 108, Call.
QXTUATIO N w .\ " x T DON A RANCH BY A
Swiss couple. Address s. C. box 67, CalL
ANTED situation' Bt " i-'irst-class
»» stlclcer hand; can run other machines. noom
28, M.-i Fourth st.
4 N KASTI: XX YOUNG MAN, EX.PERI-
-.v enced in engine manufacturing, draughting
and general oflice work, desires a position as an hs-
sisinnt or manager ln any honorable business
having a future for him, as he wishei to locate In
the West :is willing to work hard. Address W. B .
box 110, CaU Office.
1 ) ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
Ji tion in oilice or wholesale house: can furnish
gcod refj renoes. Address S. H., box 122, Call.
l i- Al'V YOUNG MAX WISHES WORK IX
0 city or country as mau about place or work by
the day; can do painting, whitening, drive, care of
horses and help in store or shop; willing to be use-
nil. iddress C. H., 11 Lafayette st.
OITUATIOX WANTED-MAN ABOUT PLACE
O by a comp- tent horseman and driver; good gar-
dener; can milk: handy with tools; waxes mod-
erate; best of reference. Address A. 8., box 139.
CaU Otlice.
\>Y A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAX, GEXER-
JL» ally nsentl; good horseman; understands
gardening; can milk; city references: moderate
wusics. situation, Postollice, North Temesciil,
Alameda County. ; :-,_;
9 STRONG YOUXG GERMAN'S WOULD LIKE
*J a position In country. Address G., box 6, CaU
Oftice, Oakland.
1 I nmTrrYed man DF.sl iu;s situation
*J ot any klna; speaks English, French and Ger-
man; has best of references as a good coachman
or gardener, also able to take care of a gentleman's
place, ranch or larm. Address T. WAEL, 861
Market gt. 7* .
AVAXTED-BY A FIRST-CLASS EASTERN
' 1 man, a position as dining-room steward in city
or country; best of reference. T. t. D.. box 14
Call Oflice . ' '
VI I ; I■ . AND VALET TO OXE«OR MORE
-^-' gentlemen by competent man to travel or go in
the country with private family: willing and
Obliging; understands dining-room work thor-
oughly; first-class CaUfornlan and Eastern refer-
ences. Ad.mss for one week ROBERT GAR-
RETT, 266 Jessie st., front Hat.
EM P LO VM 1. TAT ANY TERMS AS DELIV-
XJ ery-wiigon driver, by thoroughly exuerienced,
reliable and temperate young man of good chara*'-
ter and references. Address D. W., box 9U, Call.
\y-ANTED-SITUATION AS GARDENER;
" experienced; can milk and attend horses if re-
quired; married, no family. Address A. 8.. 409
Ninth street, Oakland. .••;--.
STEAD V, RELIABLE MAX WAXTS POSl-
tion as night clerk or watchman. Address X.
'.. bo.\ 22, CalL
T T X*M ARR 1 E D MAN, SO YEARS OLD.
yj wishes position in hospital or some Institution:
Strictly temperate; speaks English and German; a
handy man all around; city or country. S. GROSS
Ml Sixth St., Oakland.
\n:-K OR VALET; 6«, YEARS KXPERI-
i-> ence; understands masiace and alcohol rub-
bing; flrst-elasa references; wages $20 per month.
M. R. 8., box 7, Call ouice. Oakland.
MAX ABOUT IM.AfK WANTS SITUATION'
can drive, milk and do gardening; reference
given. Address E. F., box 73, this ollice.
AI AX AND WIFE (SWEDISH) wlsil A SIT-
J.»J. uatlon on a fruit farm; man good horseman
Address C. G., 1201 Foisom St.
A I AN AXD WIFE WAXT WORK; MAX
i'l- good rough carpenter: woman cood cook
Address M. w.. box 164, Call Office.
OTEA DV YOUXG MAX (ENGLISH) WITH
kJ good education wishes situation. Address R.
bor 81. Call oilice. < .1, , ,-• . r '
Ok c hXiiu SUPERINTENDENT OPEX FOR
engagement; 16 years' California experience-
orchard, vines, stock and general farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, BXB Fulton bu
pOACHMAX (ENGLISH): THOROUGHLY
\J understands his business; also garden and
cows; rirst-class Eastern and California refor-
ences. Add. TED, 1649 Everett 5t., Alameda, Cal.
"MAX WHO CAN* run CIRCULAR SAW-
i'J handy with bench tools and machinery: fair
wages. UEORGEK. HUFF. «Ut3 Foisom st.
AX, 80, THOKOUGHLY RELIABLE. NOT
afraid of work, wants employment; writes a
good hang. Address X. X.. box 12*0, Call Otlice.
Max AND WIFE: MAX AS FOREMAN in
i'l- cellar aud vineyard, thoroughly understands
his business: wife 10 do cooking.; rood reference.
J. P., box 163, Call Oilict?.
STEADY RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
wishes a situation. Address THEODORE
PETERSOX. S2l Hampshire st., city.
ATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAX
O in private place to taKe care of horses, garden
and cows; good driver: best or references. Ad-
dress J. DESHWANDEX. Napa. Cal.
p ERMAX MAX. AXD WIFE capable AXD
I VT lnt!us:r OM want situation, or would take full
: charge .-t private place or sm:kll ranch: man is a
gardenei and handy man: wife a good strong
house-worker. Address M, box 3. Call Ottice
Oakland. - : ; ;».,. -■:'
FEMALE HELP WANTKIii
j A\ AXTED-GERMAX SEAMSTRESS AXD
'» second irirl for a cood steady place, $25; cook
and laumln-si with city references, $25; 10 house-
work gtris are wanted for Monday morulng at $20
and 925 a menth; also 12 girl's Who have been
accustomed to livlne In Jewish families for house-
, work and cooking, $25 and $20: 4yonngnnr»
I girls, $10 and $12 a month; a number of yonn -
Uiris to assist in housework, $10, $12 and 515;
maid and seamstress to go home nights, 425. Ap-
ply MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter su
PKokkssio.s a l. OOOK FOR IXSTITUTIOX,
must have references, S5O: pastry-cook and
baker for suiutuer resort, (f5O; cook, small hotel
j near c:ty. t3t; head waitress, city. $25: waitress,
Sotiih, fare advanced, 920: waitress, summer re-
sort. $20: waitresses for water resort, $20. CX.
ii.\N-r.N & CO. 110 Geary su
AUNDREss AND SECOND GIKL FOR
t country. $25; German for 3 children, near
ci:v,*.O; German or s,»n.iinaviar. girl for city.
$25; girls for housework, city, $15 and 820. C. R.
HAXSEX A CO.. 110 Geary su
AIIXXIE kiciTakdsTwaitress, PLEASE
I>l report here. C. R. HAXSEX & CO., lIP Geary.
p ERMAX HOTKL CHAMBERMAID, $20;
VT mlddle-agetl woman nearcltv,sls; second girt,
rcferonces, $:i0 ; 25 women and girls ior housework.
.MUKI'-A V vt READY, 634 Clay st.
pOOK, INSTITUTION, $50: cook GERMAN
v hosi.ital. $30: waitress and sc.'tms'.rm, •■?2.s:
cook, Oakdale, $?0; housework, Oakland, $25-
Alameda, $J5; Salinas. $20:15 honsewors girN,
city, -_i> and $25: fi youiK girls assist, $10 to $i 5.
-tiaa CULLEN, 883 Suiter su
MAID AXD SEA MS TRESS. $25: SLEEP
home. MISS CULLEX, 323 suiter st.
"LMRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK WITH REF-
> X 1 erences: $-5. Apply MISS HICKEY, 1033
I'ost st.
j pIK COOKING ASD HOUSEWORK. «15,
V.T 820 nr.d $25; laundry work, hotel, HeaJ.lsburj:.
I $20, f«r<* p*id: young girls, care of children and
: assist housework, $10 and $12. J. p. JOHXSTOX
& CO., >?■_ Broadway, Oaklaud. '
VOU.NG GIKL TO HELt* WITH UOUSE-
-l wor-- and cooklns:; sa;all family: wa^ea $10
MISS HICKEY, 108S Post su
\\ AXI ED— LADY PIAXIST FOX DAXCIXG
"academy: must I* a good ballroom dancer.
Apply Mouday, bet. 9 and ■. 10, IRVINE'S, 927
Mission su -.
RIGHT WOMAX WITH SMALL CAPITAL":
travel wr.h lady han.'.:;ns toilet preparations-
other agents wanted:- liberal terms. Apply S6
j P^esu. Monday. . * I
HELP WA>'TEP-Continue<l.
WANTED— PUPILS FOR . A MILLINKUY
'• Class: terms reasonable; elegnntgondg io worJt
with. 1104 Murket st., room 32. second floor.
WANTED— AN amateur SINGER WHO
" desires to become a professional: nine months'
trip with specially company: salary and expenses
pam. Address_Manager, box 6, this otlice.
\ ] agnesia— wanted a M N who un-
-i»J- aerstunds manufacture of. HARKER, 26
Montgomery st., 12 to 1.
ANTED— YOUNG LADY TO COOK AND
' » koep house for a bachelor; small wages. Ad-
drassC A., box 107, Call. ■
W ? M -' ' TO CARE FOR INVALID. APPLY
'' 1141 Twentieth st.
\\ r A n ted— YOUNG LADY to learn
' » trapeze to travel; hei-ht 5 ft. 4 in., weight 110
pounds: fair looking. (all bctweeu 2 and 6 Sun-
day, 817 Jessie, a. J. PINKHAM.
"PROTESTANT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK;
f. 8m i R ,!' f " nii) y: wash given out; $10. Monday.
after 10 a. .v.,205ly 3 Mission st.
rriAILOREsS ON CUSTOM VESTS. 307
-roiirth room 7.
ri KIJMAN GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
vj btrlpplng tobacco. Inquire 51.m Sixth st. .
LMHST-CLASS OPBBATOB; B UI'TONHO
mukor and linishers. f>o9 Kenrny, r. 2, rt. side.
W" A I^l HAND WANTED, AT IIIg'POWIOLL
*' street.
T } I ° HOUGH DKi.> TTiTNtS AND MAKING
ifiv'il- B .V, half the usual n i ce - MRa 1{ - L.
J_ONE.->, 500 Foil st. _ ..
piTPILS FOR MILLINERY- SCHOOL; LEs.
-t sous private or class: evening pupils special at-
tentlon; trimming. 25c. 410Leavenworth.
You N G LADY CASHIER FOR RESTAU-
,r; rant ; a sideslady for fancy-goods: a sale»iady
lor cloaks and suits: canvassers on salary for city
house. Room 167, Crocker building.
K IUGHT WOMAN FOR OFFICKOF WHOLE-
" sale house; not under 25: experience unnoces-
Bary; refpruncca. C, box 72, Call.
"JIIOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
tnn " nichester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-uo rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
wet;k tree 'bus to and from ferry.
j>RIGHT INTELLIGENT LADY TO SOLICIT
-*->_for prliiUng. p., box 110, this ollice.
"\l IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO ASSIST WITH
T\vent "nfth Orlt aDd help Wlth children. 752
i »enty-iifth st.
TT AIRDUE ' SrsING 25<- AND 85c: MORNING
—- and eve claases ; 10 lessoiis,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
M / Iau K»i; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
-r>c- up. McPOWKLL Academy, 213 Powell st.
\V^ C , IIKB ' rKK jToUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
r,JL Mar , ket - light* in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per nielu; $1 10 lo $6 pur
week; f~e bu» to and from the Jerry.
A ri-K! Micks TO LEA UN duess cut-
•v iiii.-iiu.j mnklng. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
walk help wasted.
IV" A -^ rE^-^IRST~^r.A^s"B^U^ERr^fENG^
'' lish °J.« rlsh > for country, $46; also a see-
p r-'l-i": 40; references necessary. Apply MISS
1 MvhlT. 424 Sutler St.
SO 000 KKDWOOB TIES TO CUT; 6
». \j.\'\'\r woodchoppers; spool-tender; broom-
mauers: carriage-setter or &crew-turners; S.wire-
naii operators: t» farmers: 2 teamsters; farmer for
Lessen lmty; farmer and wife; charcoal-burner.
ItIUY A READY, 634-K36 Clay St.
'-i COO S WAITERS, 2 DISHWASHERS,
stableman, hostler and other places from $15 to
*ao month and found at MURRA V * READY'S,
Lea Ini; Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
IT X P E HIKN'CED FOREMAN RAX AB B iTe
J-i miarry. $3 a day : 2 quartz miners. $2 50 to !
J. .oa day: 3 milkers. $18. $20 and $25; ranch !
bliicksmith, $25, see boss here; foreman lineman i
for a Mundy donkey-engine for the woods; 10 !
teamsteea for railroad work. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTKD-CARUIAGE - p^Fnter, NEAR j
'» city, good, long job, $3 a day; 5 farmers for
vineyard, $20; 2 Eastern American farmers, $20; j
lb Uemaken, *'>od wages, tools furnished: Ameri-
can buttermaker aud creamery man, $50; also '
iarmcrs, milkers, laborers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWEK ,t CO., 626 lay st.
\\r ANTED — COACHMAN FOR GE"nTLE^
> » man's ranch near city, references required.
$25 per month; Port Costa come at once, have lost
your address. W. I). .EWER «fc CO., 626 Clay st. j
W ANTED-COMPETENT ENGINEER FOR :
" Hour mill; short distance In country: must be
young. able-bodlt>d man; $2 60 a day. W. D
EWER <fc CO., 626 C:ay st.
RY-GOOHS SALESMAN, WHO IS A GUOD
window-dresser, for first-class house.
A floorwalker of experience for clothing-house.
One grocery salesman, with late city experience.
A caabboy and errand-boy for city store: parents
shou d accompany boys.
We are placing our applicants every day in good
situations. We can assist yon if you are coinpe- !
tent aud experieuced. Room 167, "< rocker nuil,i . j
CAI.K-.MA.N ON NEGLIGE SHIRTS; SIDK i
O line on commission. C. I-'., box 19. Call Office. |
U'aM'l FTBST-CLASS saTesmaN; EX- ;
»» penenoed srocer and crockery : st*te name of
last employer and length of time; none other need
a: .ply. P.P., box 18, Call Office.
L 1 XPE lUKNCED MINER WANTS PART- '
Ji ncr for prospecting; some money required. J.
PREBLK, 619 V» Mission st.
Ur ANTED— KXl'i-.'Hli-.NCED BOY TO SET :
'» type; call early. Room 4, 432 Montgomery st. ;
TO A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN OR AMERI- ;
X can of sober bablts, bandy with tools and willing !
to make himself generally useful, a sieady joo; i
good home at a small s.iiary. Address Mrs. H
HOPPIN, Bartletl Springs. Cal.
W aNTED— BOYTO FEED GORDON PRESS I
'» nt JOHN PARTRIDGE'S, printer, 42-44
Stenart st. ■
! WANTED-LIVELY BOY WHO WISHES TO !
'• learn the sien-palnting tra.lei state age and
terms. Address Paint, box 130. this office.'
■yOUNG WOMAN, STRONG, i'RAVE AND '
-1- plump; beight 6 feet 2 inches, wants a partner
for Spanisii rings and trapeze work; strictly busi- ''
uess. Address r. P., box ill. Call. .
PRIVATE DETECTIVE: MUST BB REaSON- !
— able; state terms. i., box 105, Call.
PBBSBMAST. APTLY W. N. BW ASSY, 142 i
-L Eddy st.
WANTED-595 PEOPLE AT THE SEATTLE '
" Restaurant to eat best meal on earth for 10c;
chicken and dumpliugs to-day: 11 disiies for 10c.
137 Fourth St.
OMETHING NEW: QUICK SELLER; MORE
O agents wanted. Manufacturers' Agency, 463
Nintn St.. Oakland, Cal. - ■ ■ •
WANTED— BUSINESS MAN (AN EXPERI-
'» i need lady Stenographer and typewriter might
Till the bill) for office work: plain writing: corre-
spondence and business tact, hut bo bookkeeping
required; must lend the employer *.MtO on gilt- j
edge security; moderate wases; also iutt rest on
money advanced paid; this is a splendid chance
for the person wanting steady employment in con-
nection with largest and oue of the ol.ietx estab-
lishments of Lho class on Pacilic Coast. Address
S. I. .... boy yd. Call Office.
. WANTED-VOUK WORKINGMEN as PART- !
»' uers in a mine in this State with $150
each. Address W. .1. F.. box 33, this oiHce.
SALESMAN— $45 A WEEK TAKING OR-
-0 ders for aluminum and other good specialties i
and letters for signs, store fronts, show windows, '
vehicles, etc.; Scare* and : numbers for houses I
hotels; elegant goods, rapid sailers, with growing !
demand; P'-rniaiu'iit employment for right person, i
WORLD _MFC<. CO., W&. Columbus Ohio. ■ !
WANTED— MKN AND WOMEN TO \\ORK |
"at home; 1 pay 98 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patentea method: anyone i
who can read or write an do the wori ai home in I
spare time day or evening: send for particulars I
and beirtn work at once. Address 11. A. GRIPP,
tteriaan artist, Tyrone, Pa.
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 32S MONTGOM- 1
»i cry sU, clerks and lal>orers to call if they do
not receive their Just dues: no charge unles3 suc-
cesstul; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
A U E N fi WANTED TO SEi.L 'OUli NATIVE
*V Herbs" blood and liver remedy. Room 76, st.
Ann's building.
L^X RIENCBD PRESSER ON jCLOAKS.
J.J BOTW IN, History building, room 34. 723;
Market st-.
QEAMENAND ORDINARIES FOR EUROPE I
tJ and Honolulu. Apply 10 Steuart st.. upstairs. j
L'IRST-CLASS HALF-TONE OPEKATOR. AP-
■*■ P'.v. with reference. H. T., box S2, Call.
"\r*- X AND WIFE TO WORK ON RANCH.
-■'* >'- ft per month. Address Ranch, box 111, Call.
V.-^i'KRIENCED BUSINESS m a n WHO
J^t willing to invest $-JOO in sa.oon and lunch-
house; no agents. Address E.. box 79, Call Office.
RIENCKD O RA >X s ON LA 1) 1 S • I
-LJ jackets and suits. DaNNE.NBaUM, MUEL- j
LI U.v KAHN, 723 Market St.. fourth floor.
\\ r ANTEI>— A 1 CARPET-LA ~ WAGES i
II -$13 a week. C. box 14. Call ORice. '
1 (HI I:X TO GET A FIU>«T-Ci.AS,S SHAVE I
-l'v f free. Inquire t>S9 Ke.irny s:. . ;- ,
\IUSII AND MTLK. SOUP. PIE. PUDDING I
 tr frll ' t and two kinds of veselables free with .
all our 10c meals. 639 Kearny si. ? j
A EN'S 1..-SOLING 50c: LADIES.* 40c: DONE \
j-tx while yon waiu 63« Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
W ANTED— A PRACTICAL FURNITURE |
*» salesman: one with some knowledge of nr- i
bolster? and carpets Dreferred. Am>ly 523
Market st.. room 7. from 3to6r. h. ■
Yew Waldo housk. 7o."» mission, BET.
ZTmS* Kntl -Ith— sines? furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; wsek $1 to *2 50; clean, qiue: reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; op«n «1. '.::cht. ;
U'AXXED- AN UPHOLSTERY AND fAR- j
" prt ssiesman; none but those with practical
experience in a retail house need apply, call at
a-'3 Market st., room 7, from S to 6 p. it. j
S~ AY. BOYS— 722 HOWARD. GIVES S j
kJ eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c: a good square '
meal for sc: us a call. ■
T IVK SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY i
J.J profitable prorH.isit:o»i: accident, health and life !
insurance. Call c*t. 3 Jt 5 r. m.. or afldress Fidelity
Mr.:n(vl Aid Associatioi!. 316 California, room 18. ;
; rtOATM AKJCRS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
ir, a. M. ' M i.o'ilfa tiate aye. en;ranc-> to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st.
T>ESI IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
-L» 25 c nts per nigbt : $i. *1 2b. SI 50 per week.
±*ccinc House. Commercfal aud Leidesdorff sts. ,
. \K' HA lilt.Kli HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» su: *J()U rooms: best tn'the city- s:::^e rooms
and 25c a uighi, »1 a nieaU 10c.
: HKI,P WANTEO-Continued.
\\T ANTED- LABORERIT^ND^M^ciIA3?ICB
. if to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, Blill runs Denver House, 217 Third bt.; 160
large rooms: 25c perrlght; $1 to $3 per week.
EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS. 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
W TED- BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
»i, trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1515 Howard st.
A LASKA GOLD FIELDS. i Z
-rV. The fast salliiicr clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will s«ll from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15, weather permit-
lin?, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Bhipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
\lii\ MEN TO TAKE LOIKJING AT 10c, 15c
i y\t and 20c a night, including coHee and rolls.
624 Wasiilnsfton Bt., near K carny.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
■it inennecretary. CONRAD TRO ELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
rc.nrr Barbers' Asso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
\i AHBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Bec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238y a O'Farrell. .
BEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. -129 sixth st.
Y\rE ABB SHOE DOCTOR'S;- WE REPAIR
*• your old shoes and make them as goon as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you waic
562 Mission -,:.. between irsi und Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; $1 to *4 week: open all night.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'J- all grocers keep it. „":.:,; -* 1 -:-:.
ME N ' SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
LCHO. HOUSE, 8633^ MARKET STV^
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
T) ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
i-t Prompt collections: references. 612 Montg'y.
INCHESTERHOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; freo bus to and from the ferry.
YV ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
'» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutter si.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
— also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
ri>KY ACME HOUSE, P57 .MAKKET ST., BE-'
i. low Sixth, for a room: 25c a niuht ; $1 a week.
"IV-ANIED-SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: 31
*' weak; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
readinsr-room: daily papers. Hti Cist.- St.
AGKKTS WANTED.
GENT S— IF "y"6\J WANT MONEY HANDLE
aluminum novelties: no hard times with our
agents: quick sales and bigprofits. ALUMINUM
JSOVELTY COMPANY, 110 Sutter st. :
WANTED— MAN OF ABILITY AND EX-
»' perience as organizer (teachpr preferred) for
the business department of an educatjonal enter-
prise: good references required. Call at 522,
Central Bank building, Oakland, bet. the hours of
9 and 12 a. m. >:•./•
NECESSITY TO BEG OR -STARVE—
-»-' to $5 a duy easily made selling what every one
uses: 100 percent profit: sample sent free for 10
cents. L. F. COURTNEY, 514 Thirteenth si.,
Oakland.
fiANVASSERS. $2 PER DAY GUARANTEED.
\J Room 41, 14 McAllister st.
A GENTS WANTED IN EVERY CITY AND
-iTV town of the Pacific coast to handle the best,
quick-selling novelty out; no humoug; write to-
day; full particulars with samples 10c. Address
MANUFACTURERS' AGENT, P. O. box 2068,
San Francisco. Cal.
_____________
HOU SES WANTED.
-ROOM HOISE WANTEIC WITH ALL CON-
veniences; wist of Larkinst. ; responsible tenant
will take a 2-year lease: rent- not to exceed $45.
Aridress E. W.. box 74, thiaomce.
_———________ „. _
BOOMS WAJfXED^
\\r A NTED —5" U 'NTURS IS HED SUN N^Y j
• » rooms: central location. E., box 4, Call Office.
W AS TED— ROOM 25x40; DISTRICT BOUND-
** ed by Kearny, Taylor, Market and Post sts;
suitable for loagerooms. Address Tenant, 214
Pine st.. room ID.
\AVA>*TEP-MISC_LLA>EOUS.
O^K L.L VO I' RBOOKS. c- ixrrHSio^ANDJBW^
k~ elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: wend postal.
claTrvoy_vtsT ~~
ME?"s"fEW"ERT\ ! ~^-
SEVENTH DAUGHTER
'■■: ■■:; --.■■■ OF THE
SEVENTH DAUGHTER.
Hundreds of visitors daily.bespeak her ) opular-
ity and superiority as the most reliable exponent
Of the occult science on this coast. This marvel-
ous woman possesses tne most wonderful clairvoy-
ant powers, pronounced by our leading thinkers to
be the strongest exemplification of the occult
scier.c? on the Pacilic Coast.
Have you bet>n unfortunate in your business in-
vestments or your speculations proved disastrous?
Have your mining Interests proved unprofitable,
or the race-s unremunerative? If ko, consult Mme.
stewcrt. fch.: alone can remove the evil influences
and positively assure you successful future.
Unlike many impostors who frequently infest
larpe cities, she has a reputation augmented by
years in her present location.
Ladies and gents 50 cents.
Offices 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
__ __ _ __
9.y^ 25C~ 25C.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY,
EASTER WEEK ONLY.
That wonderfully gifted llttlo marvel "Star
Llcht." who. unlike- many pretenders, has been
among yon for many years, and her past prophe-
cies have invariably come to pass. You can there-
fore allow her to uuravel your future destlnv with
explicit conlidenceand direct it into successful and
happy channels.
• she advises the most substantial business and
professional men in their large money making In-
vestments. Bias tells the many who have found
marriage a failure how to become united and
happy. Have you lost trace of a friend or rela-
tive? consult Star Llzht. Have you quarreled
with yonr lover or sweetheart? If" so, secure a
magic Egyptian charm, it removes evil influences
and restoresthe possessor to lucky co ditiens. Re-
member, one week only, 25 cents and up. Room
5, 116 a Grant aye.
ETURNED-MJIK. DR. ATLANTA,
■ world-renowned business and test medium;
tells from crcdle to grave; reveals every
hidden mystery; gives advice on love, mar-
rlag'j and all affairs; sne has no eauai;
before going on a Journey or into business call on
the gifted lady; locates mines and buried treasure:
removes evil influences; cures all discuses; all
should seek her counsel; hours. 9 a. sc. to S p. it.-
open Sundays. 1055 Market st., opp. Hibernja
Bank.
TMPOSTORS MUST INEVITABLY SUFFER,
A ' • BUT THE
-.' SPOTLESS RECORD OF ZANZIC ' 1: .
IS AN X-RAY TO THE WORLD!
No language can fittingly describe the numerous
spiritualist charlatans who stoop to robbery undfr
the garb of purity; newspapers may expose, vet
hundreds of dupes suffer in silence; tie famous
White Mahatma. Zauzic, lias au unblemished
reputation for honesty and truth; consult this
famous occult scientist. Parlors 315 EUis st. i
lONELLA— ONE OF THE MOST WONDER-
-i fill mediums of the age: just from the East;
she created a sensation East and nlso in Europe
through her mediumship: all are invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main In darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny sU
■\ RS. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT— SIT-
■IVL tings daily. 821 Fillmoro, near Haight.
I ADAM O'SHONE, WONDERFUL CLAIR-
i»I voyant, can tell the recovery of anything lost
or stolen and all affairs through life. 1163 Market.
EST CARD READER AND . PALMIST;
— ' liulies and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st.
EAC ANDSI. ~ ~ 50C AND $1.
O\J PROFESSOR LKON, 533 POST ST.
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriace. divorce, e:c; letters
with atamps answered. Hours 9 to 8; also Sunday.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER: TeLLS
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings SI 50. 126 Turk st.
MISS 3IKLVISA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTI HK
of future husband or wife. 766V4 Howard st.
MK.MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present and future :25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. AH.NIiT, BEST fortune TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1. shows yon the picture of
yourfuiure husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
"P EMEMBER Mi F-. GREATEST SEERESS OF
-it the sge. Parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye.
\.i ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD KEAD-
I'l erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of agw; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or geuLs 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
\« ME. Dli. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC reveal-
x>l erby eges and cards; tells entire life, pa3t,
present, future; consnUationson all affairs; noth-
ing excepte<l: names given; . good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslbie: fee ■■?! : letter £2. 9'J9 Postst.. nr. Larkln.
SriKITUALISM. ~
YPSY MKlill.M -: SlTiTn^s' DaTIY (BUN-
\J days Included : 25c up. 946 Mission: hrs 10 to a
y OUR PAST. PRESENT AND FUTURE AT A
glance (.ladies only), -'sc. SW Clara, nr. Fifth.
. URNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME
SCHMIHT, from the principal cities: tells past,
prts?nt and fntnre; prices mode.-ate. 856 Mission.
MK^. J. J. HITNEY. CLAIIiVOYAN!
l'l • trnnc* medium : sutings fl. "JIS Stockton st.
— — —— STOKAGE. ~" '
Til. ROONEY^'T^a^ri^To^^S^rTA^GE^AT
• redocetl rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
"T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
.A., low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern p!a::.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS. ETC
~ R. F. OSBORN <»; CO., 7? 1 and 753 Market st.
* PPLY FOR RATES fOU STORING FURNI-
J^V lure. etc SHIREK A SIIIKKK, 747 Marke:.
QTORAGEOFFUIiNITUKE. PIANOS. HOUSB-
-0 to.d goods, etc J. M. PIERCE. 735 Markeis:.
TiriLSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
'■ 6torace: low rates: telephor.o South 76-.
: _ bicycles. ~
P"ark CYCLER\ W~ wheels to uetT
1 btst accomtnod»:ions. Termincs Geary Mc-
Allisier and Poweli st. car liaes.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
0" 'farrell ' ~~
David bush, country department.
11 montgomery st.
for rent— stock ranch of 440
acres 5y 3 mi.'es north ot Niles. Alameda Coun--
ty; well watered and well shekercd: with
house and good barn; rent $150 pt-r annum,
cash in bdvance; this ranch has splendid
feed.
©O^AA 101/ ACRES ONE MILE FROM
<&<JU\J\J. Suuol, Alameda County, within a few
' -hundred yards of railroad: all in full bearing
aprcots, prunes and peaches; nice hard-
finished house of five rooms, well, pump,
llowers, shrubbery, etc. ; water piped to
house; this is a profitable suburban home
and is very cheap; easy teims or will ex-
change for San Francisco property and pay
$1000 or Sl5OO cash difference
©•"lnnnFoii su acres ok land near
ijplUWcilen Ellen, Sonoma County, with
bouse, barn, orchard and vineyard and farm-
ing tools.
®>4 A APE R ACRE FOR A FINE GRAIN
«JP_.\JW and stock farm of 440 acres near San
Miguel in Monterey County; plenty of wood
and water; house and two barus; the chtapest
property in the State to-day.
<2»"1«.> PERACRE FOR 2100 ACRES, 4 MILKS
tJSX_J from Red Bluff, in Tehama County, on
county road; nil level land; fine grain and '
fruit land, valued by bank at $30 an acre.
Q9A PER ACUE— BOO ACRES, _ MILES K. .
j *JP_iV/ of tli-> town of Ukiah, Mendocino County:
300 acres rich bottom land: bulauce splendid
grazing land well wooded; well watered: line
Improvements; sold by orderof administrator.
OOAAA 31 ACRES .->;:ar MARTINEZ;
«^«JUL/l/. all out in erain; good house com-
pietely iurnlshed; all the stock and tools on
the place.
OLIVE ORCHARD OF 75 ACRES NKAR
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County; 2600 olives, 1500
French prunes. 250 Muir peaches, with fam-
ily orchard, all in fu;l bearing; bala'ice of
land pasture and rolliug, well wooded; good
Improvements; splendid water; price on ap-
i > plication.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
property, a fine income ranch on Howel]
Mountain, Napa County: 30 acres resistant
bearing vineyard; 10 acres in prunes; good
Improvements and plenty of water; value
ipBooo. • : ;- -■
A LSO FOR EXCHANGE— IS ACRES; FOUR
-^i- miles from Santa Rosa; handsomelyimproved
place; value $3000.
ALSO FOR EXCHANGI -42 ACRES: TEN
minutes from depot at Colfax, Placer County,
full-bearing orchard; value $6000.
FOR RENT— 7 ACBESOF LAND, 2Va MILES
from San Mateo, at Lanrel Creek station; a'l
out in apricots, prunes, per.ches, with nICJ lv
furnUned house of 10 rooms; bath: barn:
chicken-houses; windmill and tank: sprinkled
roads in summer: house is nice 2-story hard-
finished. with large verandas; nicely improved
with lawn, fiowers, trees, siirubiiery and
cypress hedge; completely nished, includ-
ing piano; rent $400 per annum or for the
season.
ALSO IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY, A NICELY
furnished house of 10 rooms with fine barn:
lot 160x250: situated on hill overlooking tbe
beach and the town on Walnut St.; electric-
cars pass the door to and from the beach; this
is a beautiful place and is completely fur-
nished; photograph at our oflice : rent for the
season or per year, $500.
VERY' CHEAP PLACE.
Said to be the best place in Tuolumne County
for general farming, and is known as the Cloud-
man Ranch; contains 1273 acres of land; 400
acres of fine level land, will grow graiii or fruit;
the balance good pasture land, suitable for cattle,
hogs or sheep: it is located an the main road, and
the central point between Oakdale, Sonora. Chi-
neae Camp -and Knights Ferry; it Is a stopping-
place for the traveling public, being on the road to
Y'osemite Valley; pouofhee, telephone oih'ce.
hotel and feed yard, blacksmith-shop, all on the
place and are paying good rents; a lot of personal
propenv will go with the place if desired; pasture
will carry from 300 to 500 head of cattle; if sold
within 30 days will take $11,000: part cash, bal-
ance four years at 6 per cent interest, per annum.
Apply at. once to BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
19 Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION, 3 TO 20 ACRES,
Of the beautiful Fairvlew Villa, one mile from
the Courthouse, Santa Rosa, at your own price and
terms.
1 Of) ACRES FOR $3000; 45 MILES OUT: 16
I*)\J acres healthy gr:\pes, good for ?1250 this
year: 8 acres fruit and blackberries: never-failing
supply of running water; good buildings: all tools
and stock; a bargain. t
! 1 ('9l ACRES FOR $1625; 45 MILES OUT;
1 lu -2 an ideal place for summer home; fishing,
hunting or poultry. ; ; -. .
HIGH. SHIKLS, 602 Market St., Crocker
building.
ESTABLISHED 16 YEARS
XU N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions): most reliable,
latest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market st- opp. Palttce Hotel, San Francisco.
Ql C)f\l\ WILL BUY A LITTLE HOME IN
%pXVV7V/ Sausalito: large lot, all planted with
trees: hillside; magnificent views; 4 rooms, bath
room, conservatory, cellar, fnrnished complete:
chickens, etc. Apply this office.
TITE HAVE FOR SALE A HOTEL AND 3
» » acres of ground in a good railroad town; hotel
I well patronized; 26 bedrooms, together with office,
dining-room, barroom, etc. ; all furnished complete-
a very n'ne piano in parlor; barn, outhouses, horses,
milch cows, hogs, etc; fine water piped to the
house and barn. Apply to BOVEE, TOY _ SON V-
TAG. 19 Montgomery st. ' -.--'■;■ ;
Hot. AND CHICKEN RANCH 2 MILES
from Oakland: 100 hogs, 125 chickens, 3
horses. 2 wagons, harness, 2 boilers, lot tools, large
lot panel fencing, lumb*r. etc.; home, barn and
chicken-houses; $800; products pay expenses-
rent $10 month. Address W. B. DEXTER, 2924
California st. .-• .'-"t ■■? ■
ACRES IN HAY WARDS; MOSTLY IN '
French prunes: good house and stable: ■will I
! exchange for San Francisco property; $5500.
I PHIL XX. 2548 Folsom st. i
<£t"lfthA I«Vj T ACRES. \Xl_ MILES FROM
CXUUV. St. Helena; 14 acres choice wine
grapes worth $25 ton; house, barn and family or-
chard.
$350— 160-acre relinqnlshment near Placerville-
house, barn, tools, etc. CHAS. COLTON, 906
Market st.
ipOR BALK- COZY HOME OF 5 ROOMS; 4
X lots, 200x120 (half Bcre) : fine place for poultry '
or flowers; $1800; half cash. W. LAMBERT, '
Millbrae, San Mateo County.
CJQAAA 160 acres FINJS valley land
tiPOUUV/. that produces alfalfa, timothy and
other grasses: large barns; common house;*some
orchard; abundance running water; also controls
I large range for cattle. No. 1147.
9 FINE TRACTS: ONE OF 60 AND ONE OF
— J 46 acres: both adjoining; on one a good hor.,e
of 6 rooms, barn. 6 acres of orchard ar.d vineyard:
fine bottom land for vegetables and clover: will
sell both or separate, or will re:it the unimproved
place to purchaser 01 the Improved place. EDWIN
K. ALSIP „ CO., 29, second floor, Mills building, !
San Francisco.
\ LAMEDA COUNTY* BARGAINS. •■;.•..- -v
— r_. $25 per acre; 140 acres: near Livermore:
one-third cash; balance 6 percenu
$25 per acre; 200 acres; 9 miles from Hay wards;
in grain and vegetables; houses, baru; runniu?
water.
$45 per acre; SB4 acres near Berkeley; 225 in
grain: plenty wood; water; house.
■■•-■■'■:'■ •- ■ • I. SCHARFF. 18 Post st.
J A-ACRE LOVELY HOME; 9-ROOM HOUSE-
ttvy fruit; cow; horses; chickens; $4000; will ex-
chance for city property. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market st.
Ql_L C\C\() WILLBUY A SPLENDID BUSI-
OXtr.UUU ness block, which bring* $1500 in-
come per year and is under a lease for six years.
W. G. HAWLEY CO..
17 South First st., San Jose, Cal.
TOCK RANCH, 3040 ACRES; LEVEL SAN
Joaquin Valley land: fenced and cross-fenced;
1000 acres under cultivation: absolutely no waste
land; 3 flowing artesian wells; 300 feet to water;
good ranch buildings: farming tools ana stock go I
with the ranch: price *10 peracre; uninenmbered.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
ANY ONE WHO HAS BUSINESS OR OTHER
property to trade for country real estate,
chicken and frui: ranches, town lots or villa sites,
I write and describe your property, statin;: clearly
I what you require, and set our propositions.
SHAND «fc RIBLET, Novato, Marln County.
QfiOO 160-ACRE RANCH IN LAKE COUN-
'i/W - ty, rear Kelseyvllie; honse, barn- 8
miles from town. COLTON, 906 Market su
1 ACRES, 40 I.KVKT.; FINE CATTLE OR
X I\J hog ranch. Apply 914 Twenty-third st.
"TTALUABLE CONTRA COSTA county
> lands for sale on easy terms.
fiOOO i _ 0] _ E . S J RAXCH ° BOCA DE LA CAN-
UUUU adadel Pinole; 12 mileseast of Berk elev
near narrow-gauge railroad. • '
1 '->()( ) A lRi:s OF CHOICE LEVEL _,AND
XOUU adjoining San Pablo railroad depot anj
tordering on the bay of San Francisco
3<>o A S^ KS CHOKE VINEYARD LAND
OUU adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount D:ab o and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton. Cai. •-—•—•
„Ai * trac.s of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
O AN RAFAKL AND ROSS VALLEY —
San^afie^Cal^ or eiehan Se by J. UNSTE AD,
-- S.I I\a.acl ( Vol.
M-i^_, L _ D _sa^, 6uou . ackks 26
Rancho de Novato.
S-SK^fflfc^S^g -" ■«» «---" -2S
Improved iiairy farns for sa!«wlth ron
ARM PROPERTIES. ALL KINDS AND ALL
i_ Iles improved and unimproved, for sale in Jhe
best part of Alameda .ouaty. Inquire of a SALZ,
v.c_.i,r(?\ Hit*
TITTLE HOMES close to town- IM-
J- proved; ease- terms;-, also 4. 6 and 12 aero
pieces on S and 10 years' credit : 3 partly tmprovea.
wltn sma.l house, etc. D. H. TWtSO, Sonom«
C;:y. Inquire 652 Market st.. S. F. .
CENDFUKOUR LIST c>>' ORCHARD HOMS-J
O l ora WoosT-R „ WH ITTON. saa Jose.
S^T^v AXD UPWARD LI >TS IN EAST OAK-
♦-•*-' land : ea<y terms.
per ere : qnantity to suit: fine soil: near
t^wypieasanton. Alameda Co.: terms to suit; also
a tew improved co_y country homes near by; 5 to
-U acres at half former value: *_sv terms; wille_>
ch-n;e. LEE A KIsKR, SO6 Montgomery st.
! A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENT 3 _ THS
, ff- " _.i._LY C__l_ in tr— .eper. fcr ni___g.
COUNTKY REAL ESTATE-Contlnue- 1 .
O"~RTANGjr_AND*a V
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
P.AIiGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home ana
at tbe same time a good investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivate*
$1750; about $300 cash, balnnce in five annual
payments: do Interest; the trees ulanted on this
property will becin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
I of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELI> RIDGE A CO.,
t>3S Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, On-dale,
Cal. _____
T7OR SALE.
FINEST HOME IN NAPA.
$5000 BELOW COST.
....ALSO....
SBacres orchard adjoining town at a sacrifice.
EASTON, ELDRIDGh A CO..
■f .•■.; :-- ; 638 Market st.
FOR SALE OR EXCH ANGE FOR SAN FRAN-
-T clsco, Oakland or Alameda property, a very pro-
ductive ranch of 2570 acros. 6 miles southwest of
Merced; this is something good; investigate.
EASTON, ELDRIfXiE »fc 0..
(338 Market st.
"DANCH, 650 ACRES.
NEAR CLOVERDALE,
A BARGAIN FOR CASH.
THIS PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEE US AT ONCE.
EASTON, ELDRIPGE&CO..
,>-■:-■ 638 Market st.
riAXOS, VIOLINS, KTO.
(J;I9X AN EASTERN UPRTOMT 3
XO«). stringed Weber; $350. IiRUENN, 228
Post st.
TTPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP. 2410 a GEaRY
vJ St., between Baker and Lyon.
Q>- INSTALLMENTS WILL BUY A $375
tjptt piano for $50. 221 Leavenworth St.
IMNJ-; CONCERTGRAND PIANO; SUITABLE
X 1 for a hall; also Baby Grand. 514 Sinter St.
C|l O' UPITIGHT 111I 1 1 AM): GOOD CONDI-
«JT 1 — «J. tion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st.
ffi*QX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
£pOtJ. IB McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOU
—V. money; investlzate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
b.tr autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewoo<l
ribbod mandolin $6 25; the Drize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid wi.lnut and oak organs, new, $17 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARUV SCOTT, B'J9 Market St., Spreck-
ei's building.
laNOS— $100, $130: GREAT B A
gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
SHAW. $425: 2 STEINWAYS, *215, $195:
Sommer, -6185, squares, $25, $55: rents $il
up, allowed on purchase. iikink, IS6 Ellis su
pELEHRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH <ft
■Vj Gerts and Knabe p.anos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will rnie during the next 30 days.
A. L, BANCKOFT & CO.. 324, Post St.. B. F.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
gradeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
RE YOU DhsfROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then Investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., stein way repre-
sentatives for the Pacinc Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Suiter sts.
l\'3l. G. BADGER, 215 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
'• first floor; sole agents Hallet A Davis I'ianoa;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
T^ONO PIANO: AS UOOD AS NEW;
\J preat sacrifice. Thd _\ V>'. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33S Post st.
pHICKERING.KNABE.STECK.VOSE.STER-
\J ling pianos: see our n>-w piano lorslS7; pianoe
or renu BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell.
C;|7X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
«jTX 10. upright; perfect order. 1019VanNe3i
I^ECKER BROS., STEINWAY .FISCHER AND
XJ other tirst^lasa makes of pianos: little used;
rheap for cash or on easy terms. KOULER Jt
CHASE, -8 and 30 O'Farrell st. ,
I," A s V T E LO W IVRlCiea. KOHLER _
-■■— • CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
0 UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
» H. ML' LLER. maker, ren«!r°r. 2 l.?.:ham place.
HORSE MARKE^nfil^e^VATE^nrrA^STTr
jus: received from K. W. Jones, Sheriff of
Colusa County,- _ 5 head of coo<l worlcand drivini;
horses, weighing up to 1500 pounds; to be sold
cheap. J. D. FORUESTKR, salesman.
TT>OR SALE— A BARGAIN: 2 HOKSES AND
X- express wagon; must be sold. Apply 107
Twenty-ninth st.
A SOUND HOBSES; WEIGHT. 1050 TO 1250;
tt 7 and 8 years old. 112 New Montgomery st.
OR SALE CHEAP— " HORSE AND
J; business wagon suitable for lfcht delivery. In-
! quire 626 Kearny st. . ■;■„:• ■',
i JA HORSES FOR SALE; AL-O WAGONS,
I 1" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
I Market, 3.7 Sixth si.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 I), I BJSTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
X V/< kinds; second-hand wagons, bugsy, caru;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial s:.
TF YOU WANT 1O BUY, SELL OR EX-
X change horses, buggies, wagons or harness ron
I will find it to your advantace to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. ■Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. B. MARTIN,
pi-oprietor. S. WATKINS, auctioneer.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, _2O VALENCIA—
I O Horses, mules, wagonc, buggies and harness.
1 |T/-J SKTS NEW A.\D SECOND-HAND H A
XOVJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buesies, horses ani
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WhSTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
K'eon for S. F. Police Depp.r' men:, OlHce an!
hospital, 121 City Hal! avp.: it-ii-;>', (>■!«• soirii \l)\.
TASTUIXA G K^
DAIRTMEN OH V.r I<H ATTENTION—
Kxcelient pasturage for 100 head of cattle for
sevfral months: running water; fenced iv 3 fields;
] l:inii level: at Woodside, 4 miles from Redwood
I City. Apply to L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.. or on
; the premises: ranch to lease. *
WAi.ONS A M?-_ c AI^ R A ;
FOR SALE CHEAP— THRKK-QUAP.TER TOP
buggy and harness. 923 Fell st. .
JOK SAI.K MIS( XI.I ANKOIS.
TO LOVJEBS OF TE B ANTIQUE— VERT 5£ D
X and e:egant fernleaf mahogany sideboard" very
rich and choice. Apply J»l3 PolK, near Geary.
I^OR SA LX, CHEAP; A FIRST-CLASS FAM-
X ily cow; perfect pet. 27a Noe st.
HOKSE-POWER OOLDEN OATK GAS EN-
*J glne for sale. Inquire 820 Kearny st.
FOR SALE-FINE STONE DIAMOND STUD
X} cheap. 100 Powell st.
GGs: EGGS!— 22 VARIETIES AT REDUCED
prices; thoroughbred hatching season: Minor-
cas. Ltghorns. Brahma, Cochins, O. Poland. Span-
ish, Plymouth Reck, Andalusian. Sebrigntand BuS
Bantams, etc. F. KRai s. 1031 McAllister su
I^OR SALE— EGGERS DKNTAL ENgTnkT
very cneap; also laboratory motor. W. A. H.,
33 Lily aye.
Ti I i >V(iHBRED FRESH JERSEY' COW;
X third calf, gentle, rich laflk. 143 Bartlett St.
VOUSG WATER SPANIEL DOS; CHEAP.
X 1609 Geary st.
OR LK-JIcKAY SE Wj NG MACHINE.
X. 340 Sanchez st., earner Seventeenth. ... < ,
TMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER; OAK: ALL
X attachment>: g-16. 2157 Mission st., near 21st.
BOUGHT ATThERIFF'SSALE; WILL SELL
cheap; machinist's iathe. g*3-engine, forge,
anvil, brazing furnace, lot of bicycle tubing, sun-
dries, etc. Call 1402 Devisadero st. - : ;:-
I n^.(j GOLUr.N GATE AVli. — 1 UNFUR-
-1 yjUO oished front room: running water.
Tjlßesh family cow for sale. 1223
J Eighteenth st.
VO. 9 HIGH-ARM \VH_ELER _ WILSON
-.> sewing machine; hardly been used: $25 cash
16 Valley St.. c:cy.
1,-oic SALE CHEAP— schooner-yacht
X A Fearless: 1. o. a. 25 ft.. !. w. 1. 21 ft., beam 8 f _
8. Apply "JO Center Market.
EVKKAL S-CO.ND-HAND TANDEMS AND
Osaleties a: extremely low prices. 328 McAllister.
T"ADY- NE-.V sea l?k i n~fo rhalforigi"
IJ cat cos: at UNCLE HARRIS , 15 Grant aye.
DYNAMO BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheac 516 Mission.
BA BY C A AND KATIAN KUP.M-
ture bousht at the factory aaves retailer's pro-
fit. .California Rattan Co.. 61 First st_ nr. Mission
CTERI.ING BICYCLE. RUILT LIKE 1
O watch: terms easy. D. N. W LEY, 318 Mfcu
OAR OUTFIT. MIP.RORS.CASH REGISTER*
13 scales, etc: cheapest. MEEK, UM Miss.o?
D'SE PRUSBJ A N BITTERS, BEST STOM trit
U bitters in mar»t:oaj yourwines llqnori
at Booanta Wine V«uU 3 : free deliver^ city 'o__"
laaa. AlnmeJs, PUI2MAN A scHlßmVnv
Hiu»4iyiae.«» Mon-.gomery: "phoae
o- £ SMALL MKDiUiI AND _ARQ_ srZB
b« and bnrz'.ju- proof safe. 1 03. if lMark« v
I? IK>. A.SD BIRiiLAR SAFh LETT PTET
r^pjress.jOauorm^caJes and deskon^p, iw U«
I!i£__l_^^HHSiFCITY heal estate.
r* H. UMBBENACO. -•-— ™~—
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COLLECTORS
AND auctionkkrs.
14 Mor.Tsomery st., near Martet.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records,"
which contain a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the cuy.
IMPROVED properties.
BARGAINS.
MUST BE SOLD. ON account OF death
in THE family.
cozy HOME; BAY-WINDOW cottage OF
5 rooms and bath: brick foundation, etc.; all
modern Improvements: nearly new; nice location
Id the Miistou, near Market st.
GOOD INVESTMENT ON SCOTT ST.
QT^AA '- SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY
O lv»". houses of 7 rooms and bath each:
brick foundation: sione walks, etc.; rent $50;
60x92:6.
BARGAIN ON VALLEJO ST.
Q9AAA RKNT $28 PER MONTH: 2
— *'UU. houses: 25x137r6; street accepted;
1 ear Hyde-street cable road.
CAPITALISTS, ATTF.NIION!
QIQ ."^Hlk BUSINESS CORNER ON 3
• tO,uUv< streets: stores and flats; bay-
wlntlow, bricK foundations, etc.: all streets ac-
ccpud; well rented; payius big interest; large lot
BARGAIN ON CLAY 3T.
Q7£.AA Hi NT $60 IT.R MONTH: ABOVE
O I O\j\J. water: t:. s is really a tine chance to
ret a good paj-injr property nort^ of Market st.; 2
S-story houses: could be converted Into 3 flats at
little expense; 57:6x71.
A SNAP ON GREENWICH ST.
<_OAAA 2-STORY BR/CK BUILDING OP 8
O— .l/vu. rooms and lot fronting on 2 streets.
COZY HOME ON FULTON ST.
tffeZjftCfi A BEAUTIFUL AND COZY MOD-
OOvJUU. em cottage of 6 rooms and bath; all
the latest conveniences and improvements; nice
garden; stable and driveway -.6x137:6.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
(j:Cf)A BROADWAY; A LOVELY HOME;
i£O*J\J\J. bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: all modern improvements and conveniences;
S0xll2:6; grand marine view.
FLATS ON PIERCE ST.; VKRY CHEAP.
GlQO^n 2 BAY-WINDOW FLATS; RENT-
\?C)—O\J. ing for $22 per month; 25x90.
BUSINESS CORNER ON 18TH ST.
t>Q-AA ANOTHER SNAP; 3-STORY
«J5 O%j\J\J hous>' and lot 05x75.
OAK ST., SHORT DIfIrTANCB FROM MARKET
CJ 1 A Ziiii\ REDUCED FROM $12,000:
O IA'.UUU. rent $852 per annnm: flats; bay
windows. br;eic foundation, stone walks, etc.; 27:6
XI2U; two frontages. _
MARINE VIKU- COTTAGK.
CjO^OA L'VEJA- HOUSE; 6 ROOMS AND
•_ Ollvu. bath; conservatory, bay windows,
biiok foundation, eu.-.
FLATS NKAR CASTRO-ST. CABLE RI)AD.
QQIAA 2 NICE FLATS OF 4 AND 5
O«-»XVJ\J. rooms and hath each; brick founda-
t.ou. etc; rent $27; 25x114.
COZY RICHMOND HOME.'
1 Q^A NEAR KIGHTH AYE.; COTTAGE
O-LOOU. and lot 25x100.
CORNF.R INVFSTMKNT NEAR SEVENTH
AND n A RRIBON STB.
1 \l\f\ RENT $06 PER MONTH; TWO
<7>-iJUU. houses; lot 3OxSO.
LOVELY CORNER HOMK IN THE MISSION
WARM BELT.
Q7AAA - N >"ARLY NEW BAY-WINDOW
O • UUU. residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.: 30x96:6.
BARGAIN ON POSI ST.
QQ^AA -' FLATS AND LOT 25x70: STREET
iJOuUu. accepted.
F^UR FLATS, CHEAP, ON SACRAMENTO ST.
O(i] TX RENT $58 PER MONTH: BRICK
•_ \H >O. toandatlon, Ftone walks, etc.; street
ao epied.
ICISSIOS COTTAGE ON SAME TERMS AS
RENT.
CjQOrvfi SOE ST.; NICE BAY-WINDOW
ir*yOV>\J. cott*geof 6 rooms an 1 bath; brict
foundation; s:able; larsclo:, 25x127.
GOOD INYKSTMENT ON OCTAVIA ST.
Q£A/lA TWOS-STORY HOUSES; BRICK
O»->WUU. foundation; rent $s'^; lot 34x85.
BARGAIN HOME OX i LIPPKR ST.
<1<)(I() NKABLY N'EWCOZi BAY-WIN-
'-. 1 iJ\J\j. >!ow cottage: brick loundation; all
tuoOern improvements: 26:1x114,
MUST BK SOLD ON ACCOUNT OF FORE-
i U i XX OF MORTGAGE.
V" REASONABLE OFHt REFUSED-BAY-
— residence of >» rooms and bath: brick
foundation; conservatory, etc: lovely location-
opposite the park: large let, HO\ 162.
UNIMPROVED.
$65U— Marip©!<a s:..neare!ecir;c road; 25x102:3. I
r-i-w), ■.-.(••! -'_'_ d st.: 2 each: 25x97:6.
*SOOO-F.arj;ain on Oak St.; 30x120. I
• no-fiacrameut st. : 25x133. !
?175O — Clinton pax*, near -U.irKetsr.: 25x75.
$230O— Scott s:. real lence lot; 25:116:3.
G. H- UMIiSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
O'FAIiKELL & CO.,
RKAI. ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSE-BROKE }!S ANl> AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST,
|9f|A PP.OBATE SALE; MAKE AN
O"tOV'V/. offer; Tehama st., near 4th, north
Bide; property backs into Howard-sU property;
3- story house of 11 rooms and bath; tenant pays
water.
MAKE AN OFFER; MUST BE SOLD; MORT-
ca;p about to be foreclosexl; a chance for a big
bargain: 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath, near
llaker and Haiglusts.: lot 38x128.
Q9^AA COTTAGE. PARKER AYE., NEAR
r-UUU. Point Lobos aye.; 25x103; 5 rooms
and bath.
QP,A A A PIKE ST - DOWNTOWN : 2-STOR ;
•Z'VIVJXJyj. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x75
rtnt $40.
i^(--XA GROVE ST., NEAR LYON; 2
(»UI O\J. fla s tin i 2 cottages in rear; rent $60;
tuortpagei $23u0; will exchange for unimproved
property.
QOOAA COTTAGE ON CASTRO-ST. COR-
'_ Oi. O\J. ner, rot far from 16th St.; 5 rooms
and bath: lot 28x120.
\f\lT MAKE OFFER: MUST BE SOLD;
*j^t\J\J\J . Buchanan and Pine sts.: 2-story; 8
rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
Q^AAA MAKE OFFER: COTTAGE ON
• _ O\J\J\J. Leavenworth St.; lot 25x87:6; wor.h
56000.
HAYE\OU SEfcN OUR CHEAP HOME LOTS
in the Acaaemy Tract? Take the Mi«sion-st.
electric-cars and ride to Francis si. Our branch
office is on the tract. Lots $350 to $SJO; all level
aud ready for building; small amount cash, small
monthly payments.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
GL. BRES>E & CO.. '~
• REAL KSTATB AGENTS AND INSUR-
ANCE BROKERS, 412 PINK ST.
$550— North Hill su, near Sanchez: 25x114;
very easy terms.
5-100— I>e\isaJero st., ne&r Haight; 25x116:3;
Btrw-t work dove and accepted; grand view.
Sssoo— Clay st.: 27x100; modern house, 6 rooms
and basement: also stable and driveway.
$7250— Hayes si., north side; 25x137:6; elegant
2-story square bay-window residence; 9 rooms,
bath and basement: very easy terms.
85500— Scott st.; 24:9x106: modern residence;
8 rooms, bath and basement; very easy terms.
$6500— Cor. Pacific, with elegant modern dwel-
ling, 8 rooms and ba'.h; finished basement- very
easy terms. J
9450-25x120; 18th aye., near B;easy terms'
Richmond. J
Js2so— Devlsadero sr., near Haight, 25:9x103, I
with modern 9-room hov e, square bay windows; :
grand view; very cheap; easy terms.
$4500— Kntire. outside land block sonth of Park.
$4000— 27 th St.. nearChurcu, 23:6x105; modern
flats and store: wants offer; well rented.
We have some very desirable properties, Im-
proved and unimproved, for exchange. call for
particulars. G. L. BRKS^t; A Co., 412 Pine st.
eTpokhlman,
B ea l BttTATE ag ent.
415 MONTGOMKRY bT.
Ql "^ AHA I'ERMS ONLY $1500 CASH:
• „ I ' t.KJyiyj. rntis: be sold: large corner lot,
75x100, and building -containing three stores and
20 rooms above; near the Pa:ihaudle.
r 7\(\ CHEAP AS DIRT; VERY WKLL-
O— ■ I O\J* located corner lot: reduced to effect
quick sale; 50x120 on California st., cor. 6th aye.:
2 car : es: all sewered: buy now and hold this
eligible corner for a short term and reap the bene-
flt; better than banking your money.
Q I I (\(\ MA\ BK LESS; 60x120; E. SIDE
«JI l IUU, ih;h aye., adjoining <or. of Clement;
fi>')o mortgage con stasd with Title Jusurance Co.
W-;nnA CHEAP; 9Ti! AY..., NEAR PT.
V-^W- uobos; 62:6x110: well located.
REDUCED: MUST BK SOLD;
•_ — i\JVJ. lurge, centrally located lot on Kirn-,
ba.l P.ace, en bacramentost.: 77:6x56, with smal
house; «111 pay to improve: this is a bargain; take
advantage oi this opponanlty.
H. E. POKHLMAN. 415 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
C. H. REYNOLDS A CO..
533 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINa
*i E l rO « Hetfbta, , llolnt l,obos, Cliff House and
41».t tve. ; enoice lota on -trie-car line.
1 otnt Loijos. lm Uouse> 42d and 43d ayes ; flne
K °. r r' /'i> ; i 4O tec fronl »3C on each uvenue.
't V.,77 J , st ' : buslne ss corner: nr. cars and ocean.
.23x120 i.- O ;"',J' ttr Sutro's electric-car line;
RK.UA 1-OR JMP «OVI.NG?oii Xt, 6th, Btb and I
Jienial Heichts: Gift Map lots, near Cortland i
aye: scliool and cars; on Wayne si. '
Siesei-st. bnllding lots: Bernai Heights, near '
r n.t> aV M -: cheap : read >' or Improvlni!.
Hb.OOO-Jlayes-su flats near Laguna, under
good rent; two frontages.
San Bruno road »nd I'owhattan aye.; choice
Bernal Heights building lots: cheap
«'-o'i-Ba.v View Jots. near lallroad.
; iVOO-Bernal Heights lot; Heath st., bet. Jeffer- I
■on si. and Cortland aye.
T/KUITVALJ-: TKR.MINAL i RACT-SEE IT
J? to-aay. D. PRATT, Frultvale autlon.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
fADISON A BtTBKS, RKAIj £STATE
I>X Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
; ■\7*AN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
, > street; an elegant business corner; paying a
j large income.
: SW. COR.VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
i O s:.; 120 on Yon N>ss aye, by 178 in depth; 3
■ frontages. MADISON A BURKE.
TURK ST., NEAR JONES; FLATS AND
X ho'.ise, renting for $90 per month; offered very
i low; in perfect condition.
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X » rooms and bath: all modern convenfences;
' 25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON A BURKK.
pHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
V' bath, attic and b.iscmeat: all improvements,
: heater, etc.; Steiner, bet. California aud Sacra-
i mento; lot 26x106:3. MADISON <fc BURKE.
Qft^Pkn WASHINGTON. NEAR DEVIBA-
i <&\J*jyjyJ. dero— 7 rooms nnd bath: conserva-
-1 tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON A BURKE.
! 3£^AnA baker, near SUTTER: 2
«iP«JUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
<£fifiAfi TAGE, NEAR BRODERI^K: RESI-
O""'-'^"* dence of 7 rooms and biith: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON J: BURKE.
i Q A 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST.. NEAP.
t?OUUU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON &■ IiURKE.
"VJEW COTTAGE; NOE ST., NKAR 25TH; 5
; ll rooms: bath; basement; modern in every re-
spect; $1000. balance $20 Installments; no inter-
j est; lot 25x85.
I ©QfkAA STEVENSON, NR. 21ST; FLATS;
| tJDOUUU. rents $27; lot 21:6x75.
©1 Q.fif\ HILL, NEAR CHURCH: NICE
<JpXOUu. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
©1 QAA ZOE PLACK. NEAR FOLSOM AND
I {JpIOUU. Fremont: flats; mus'. be sold; 22x50.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— and 19th; corner: 125x122:3.
$t>oOo— Washington St., near Central aye, ; 65x
127
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
In sutkiivlsious.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31:3x100.
$4500— 24tb. NE. cor. Vlcksburg: 50x114.
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
3500— Steiner, near I'ine: 25x103.
*:->soo— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
tU4O«^-Castro. cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
£2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
I $2050— Ridley, near scot: : 25x117:0.
fima— Noe. near 18th- 25x110.
' $3100 — Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.: 26x84.
$1350— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300— 19 th, nearBanche«: 25x114.
; * 1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
MADISON A IiI'RKE. 626 Market at.
A. H. Li«sak. O. F. Yon- Riikik.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. RKAL ESTATE
. Acents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
i California street.
$12,000— Page, near Gough, to Ros<s aye.: 27:6 x
120: 2 Hats in front and 2 in rear: rents $76.
$5000— Leavenworch and Lombard; 40x97:6;
: new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
iO. 500— rancisco.near Stockton: 45:10x137:6;
4 houses and 2 rear bouses: 24 rooms: rents $82.
$11,000 — I'a;e, near Octavia: 27x120 to Lily
five.; 2-story liats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
| $60.
510.000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath.
i $7500— O'Farrell, near Jones; 22x68:9; 2-story
house: 7 rooms and bath: rent $35; offer wanted.
$8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $55.
$40C0— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
; 22x63:9; 2 flats: 10 rooms; rent* $30.
$7000— Jess:e, near 4th: 25x70; 2-story house,
ealoon. etc.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont: 4)x122:6 to
I Pfiiffer: double 2-story house on each frontage:
[ rents f 64; will sell either frontage.
£7200— Lacuna, near Calnornia; 30x110; cot-
| tage. 7 rooms aad bath.
$70O<>— Oak. near Lagrana: 27:6.t:120 to rear
street: i.'-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 £0.
$6500— Mason, near Post: 18x55; 2-story house:
! 7 rooms and bath : rents $31 50.
?t:soo— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store acd flat above.
SoSOO— Powell, near Fella place; 22x65; 3-story
house; 18 rooms.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenwortni: 43:9x137
two : ront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$4500— Broderick »nd Clay; 27:6ac100; 2-story
| house; 6 rooms and bath.
$5000— Ira sco st. and Worden place, near
' Stockton: 25xt5»:t5: 2-story house: butcher-shop
! ana 2 rooms, ana upper Hat, 6 rooims and bain;
rents $39.
: 54200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage. 5
j rooms r.nd bath.
£3500— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
' house. 7 rooms aud bath.
1 $3800— Vall".io, nearKearny; 20x#0 through to
.! Hincklev alley; 2 flcts on Valiejo st., 3 flats on
< Hinckley alley: total rent $44.
i 93350 — Valiejo. and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6; 3-story Hats; rents $25.
; 53300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
' story noose; 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
terms: 2:2:8x99.
9SS&O— 3d eve., near Clement st. : 26x88:6; new
'■ bay-window cottage; 5 rooms and bath; cash
, $1100: balance easy terms.
! Cottage — Larkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 casn, Dalance same as rent:
i 27:6x110.
i $3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
: rooms; rents $32.
I *3000— Pacific, near Hyde; 20x73; 2 flau; rents
! $26.
I $25!/0— near Mason and Jackson; 22:11 x
: 60: 2-.«rory flats: 8 rooms: rents $28; orieap.
| Fairiuotmt Tract; Arlington, near Ml-
j guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to snit pur-
I chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
$1400— Telegraph p'.ar.e, near Kearny: 17:2x46:
I 2-story brick bulldlr-g; 7 rooms: rent $15.
• $1 3 J.0— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
I 75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7500— McAllister, near Fillmore: 40x137:8.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
! 117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
i 5 lots on Dolores.
$1075— 23 i and Kansas: 25x100.
I $3200- >olon:s. near 29th; 50x75.
! 91900— 2Sth, near Noe; 50x114; will subdivide.
! $1600— stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; CoxlBB.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Kllen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dnpont st. ;
20x65 to rear street.
*90(, — Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$Sotf-Paxk Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
i tine road. f
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
: sia: 50x100: will subdivide.
T>ARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS ON $10
X) monthly installments.
T OTS 25x114, LEVEL AND READY TO
J-i build on, on 22d, 23d and Douglass sts., half
block to 24th-st- electric road: streets graded and
sewered; fine view; excellent neighborhood.
T OTS NKAIt CORTLAND AYE. AND MIS-
JIJ sion-st. car line; S3soeach.
CJQAA BUILDING LOTS. 1 block from Mts-
«J)Ov/V/. sion-st. electric road; a bargain. •
piCHMOND LOTS: 25x120; CLOSE TO ELEC-
. -It trie road and park.
f OTS NORTH AND SOUTH OF GOLDEN
Ju Gate Park from $100 up.
C££PlA CRESCENT- AYE. LOT, 25x100;
♦DO«JU. street graded ; 1 block to Mission.
QMiXA BUILDING LOTS. OPPOSITE TER-
i igl'±O\J . minus of Valencia-st. car.
' &F\AA BUSINESS CORNER; LEVEL AND
j cjjnUUvf. near Mission st.
' ©OKA BOULEVARD LOTS; 25x120 EACH;
is)O*J\J. 1 block from Golden Gate Park and
railroad; houses on the property.
ffiji P\A FINE BUILDING LOTS, LEVEL
ar±*J\f. and on grade, and close to San Mateo
electric road.
Call at office for full list of building and Invest-
ment properly.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner,
Room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
fTIHE RENT YOU PAY
WILL BUY A HOME 1 .
ON THE HEYMAN TRACT.
Think of it: new modern 5-room house, built to
suit you, with line level lot, $25 monthly: 4 rooms,
<20 monthly: bath, basement, neat fence and walks
Included; tifte n such homes built in the last six
months.
Take an hour off and visit the property ;Cyou will
be sure to want a home after seeing how others
have secured theirs; take Castro-st. car to
23d st., or Mi.->sion-st. car, transferring to 22d st.
Our resident agent, Mr. James E. Cotter, wUI show
you around.
THE HEYMAN TRACT
Is the finest residence property within the city
limits; car lines to the tract only 10 minutes'
ride to the park and 20 minutes to downtown;
electric 1 ghts, gas and water mains; all street
work done.
JACOB HEYMAN. Owner,
Room 5, Crocker building. Po-t and Market sts.
XAMINi-. THKSK— ~~~~T
$3000— 1st aye. boulevard, cor. Clay st.; large
lot, 28:4x102; great bargain.
$5000— Naoma St., nr. 6th: lot 25x80; 2 flats
in front and house of 4 rooms in rear; rents 546;
lncoiie sure.
Richmonds lots very cheap: easy terms: Lake
St., 3d aye.. Clement St., 19:h »vo.. etc.
ROBERT J. MERC SR A SON, 410 Pine st.
JUST FINISHED; FINE 10- ROOM RESI-
«J I dence; no reasonable offer refused, for this Is
the last of handsome block fronting Alamo square;
fine. 720 Steiner st.
TOCKTON NOT 3OO YARDS FROMTER-
mInrs Valley Koad; now $200 to 400. MEN-
DELL WEL KER, Mills Building, second floor,
rooms 5 and 6. '''..
Q'Ci'JZ. WORTH DOUBLE: LOT ON LOia-
<pU I O. bari St.; ea^y terms. Owner, 1128 Val-
lejo st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MUST bk SACRIFICED "
to Ihis. WEEK.
PACIFIC hi^ights RESIDENCE.
HANDSOME MODERN HOUSE, 2029 VA-
XX llejo bet. Lasjuna and Hucbanan, contain-
I ing 9 spacious rooms, bath, basement and attic,
j perfect in all details, superb marine view, cost
$80U0 to build little over one year airo; lot 27-6 by
137 feet: worth $3500; mnst be sold this week;
we offer It at $7600 for immediate sale; $4500
mortgage in the Hiberaia Bank can remain at 6V,
per cenu J
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' 638 Market st.
»{pOU.UUU. GRAND RESIDENCE SITE.
MAGNIFICENT MARINE VIEW.
NORTH SIDE BROADWAY,
mxm!| N FKKT RSTEU ANO FILLMORE.
OR IN TWO SUBDIVISIONS. '
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
IG VALUE. ! ~ ~~ "
MISSION INVESTMENT.
MUST BE BOLD.
•ftfiAOA TANTIAL HOUSE 9 ROOMS
*p\J\J\J\J. and bath on Valencia St., near 19th;
If remodeled into store and flats would pay hie- lot
25X80. EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.
633 Market st.
ONLY $5000. '- ~-~
TWO LOTS, 25x137:6 EACH.
N. SIDE PAGE, NtSAR ASHBURY.
GREAT BARGAIN.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market 3t.
ACRIFICE. : "~ ' ~
O HANDSOME MISSION HOME.
FOR HA VALUK.
c9x[|a a modern residence op 8
«IT *JU\>\J. rooms and bath on 20th st., near Cas-
tro; substantially built; only 4 years old; the Im-
provements cost $4250 and the lot $1500: ill
health the cause of owner sacrificing.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
MAKE OFFER. "
IU NE. COR. 20TH ST. AND POINT LOBOS
AVENUE.
NW. COR. 21ST ST. AND POINT LOBOS AYE.
45x120 FT. EACH.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., 638 Market St.
pOTTAGES.
V A SAMPLE OF OUR BARGAINS
IN THIS CLASS.
QO9AA MODERN -WINDOW COT-
*iP*-''-iW- tage 7 rooms and bath; Just finished:
everything In llrst-class condition; Noe, nr. 22d;
key lot, 25x105; ft.
fflO^AA COZY COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; HIGH
IiP^OUV/. basement and stable on north side
Jersey st., nr. Diamond; lot 26x114 ft.
<£I£AA MISSION COTTAGE 4 ROOMS;
<J>-L'JV'» '. also bam on the northside Duncan St.,
nr. Church: lot 23:6x105 through to rear street;
the HlDernia Bank holds a mortgage of $1000 on
this property.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., 638 Market st.
CHOICE LIST OF "
' DESIRABLE LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS.
$4500— Pacific aye., near Baker St.: 27:6x127:8.
§3600— Clay St.. near Maple: 50x127:8.
$3500— Washington st., near Devisadero; 50x
$2200- Walnut st., near Clay; 25x112:6.
$1760— 19th St., near Church; 50x114.
$1600— Diamond st., near 50x125.
Sl4oo— l3th aye, near Lake: 60x120.
$1200— Cumberland st., near Sanchez; 60x114.
100— Lake st., near 2d aye.: 25x102:0.
$1050— 4 th aye., near California: 25x120.
$1000— Mississippi St., near Yolo; 106:5x100.
$1000— Diamond st., near 22d; 60x125.
SBoo— loth aye., near Lake st.: 26x120.
$760— Clipper St., near Douglass: 26:8x114.
»760— 16 th St., near Clara aye.; 60x226.
$550— Cor. on N st. and 13th aye.: 39x100.
$525— 17 th aye., near Clement st.; 25x120.
$400— 6 lots City land Association: 150x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK A CO.,
638 Market st.
SHAI.SWALD, iJUCKBEE* CO., HEAL, iiS-
TATK AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$13,500—3 new modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath: rtrits $l'i6o per annum; Hyde St., near
Geary: lot 25x87:6.
$st>oo— Price reduced from $6150; rents per an-
num, $684; will pay 9 percent net; front aud rear
house ; Russ St.. near Howard.
$16,000— Franklin St., west line, near Pacific;
beautiful modern 2-story bpts mem and attic resi-
dence: decorated and frescoed; lo: 38V2X120.
$10,750— Pas;e st. ; corner residence, Park Pan-
handle district; modern in every way; contains 9
rooms, bath and basement; lot 50x106:3.
$1290— Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; Cherry
St., bet. Sacramento and Clay; lot 25x1 37 Vj.
$8500— Residence of 9 rooms, bath aim base-
ment; Washington st., near Broderick; price re-
diiced from $&uOO; lot 25x127:81,4.
$40,000— >utter st. investment; north side,
dowr.town; substantial improvements; rented to
one tenant for $3000 per annum, net: mortgage,
$12,000 at t>V2 per cent; can remain If desired.
$6350— Fell-s:. boulevard, opposite Golden Gate
i Park: modern house of 8 rooms and bath: only
$2150 cash; balance, $4000. can remain on bank
mortgace at 6V* per cent; street bitumen, side-
walk stone; lot 25x137:6. *
911,000— Setter st., not far from Taylor: sub-
giantial 2-story and basement house; used us doc-
tor oflice; rents $65; a bargain.
$18,000— Northeast corner residence on Devisa-
dcro st.; in Pacific Heights region: over 50 ft.
front; contains salon parlors in white and gold;
dining-room oak; breakfast-room: large kitchen;
square hall; decorated andfrescoea; stained-glass
windows: contains t> btdrooms and baths: every
: room sunny; billiard and furnace room in base-
ment.
Worth $5000; good substantial bay-win-
dow cottage of 6 large rooms and Dath; tank
clos t in bathroom; double parlors; closet in every
room: cement sidewalk: note the size of lot, 31:6
xlOOft.; Bnsh st., near Broderick.
$30UO— Price reduced from £3375 ; fine marine-
view lo: on Green st.. close to Scott: 27x127:6.
$PCOO— Jackson st., N. side, near Steiner: sub-
stantial modern bay-window residencs of 9 rooms,
fcath and basement; furnace: bitumenstreet; stone
si(ie\valk; lot 25x117:8Vi: the best residence sec-
tion in San Francisco.
$7500— scott St., near Pacific; price reduced; lot
40x112.
?3500— Seymour aye., between Scott and Devlsa-
dero and Turk and Go'den i ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone; lot 25x90; $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 if desired.
$2000— Leroy place, between Sacramento and
Clay and Jones and Leavenworth: 2 flats of 4
rooms each: rents $20: lot 22:6x60.
$5500— Price reduced; Webster St., near Wash-
ington: very good 2-story house of 6 rooms aud
bath; street accepted; mortgage $3000 at 6% per
cent canrematn; lot 25x97:6 feet.
$3000— Diamond st., near 24th: cottage at a bar- :
galn; contains 6 rooms, bath aud basement; bay-
window; lot 25x80 feet; terms if desired.
34250— Jessie St., near 14th; new flats of 4 and 6
rooms and bath; rents $37 50; look at the3e.
$2100-Oak St., near Ashbury; a bargain; 25x
100: opposite Golden Gate Park.
$2100— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; La-
guna st.; lot, 25xb7:6.
$4000— Clay st., near Larkin; 3 flats; renta $43;
Offer wanted.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to Jurnish a complete list on application.
PIIAINWALI), BUCKBKE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
©COXA BROADWAY, NR. STOCKTON-
«DD_,OU. 21:6x137:6; good, substantial im-
provements: 2 flats, nnd cottage in rear- bri<-ic
foundation; street work all done; rents $816; must
be sold ; electric cars pass the door.
. <^4 { SOO CLAY ST., NR. WALNUT-34:4%
.JIIIUU. x127:8i,4; street graded and sew-
ered; ready to build on.
<SM9^O B A KR ST - NR. GREENWICH-
fJT.-±^O\'. 24x94: 2-story house; rents for
$420; Lniou-.stre.-t cars pass the door; street
graded and sewered.
OR EENWICH ST., NEAR BU-
<s)O\J\J\J. chanan — Lot 25x137:6; 2 flats-
rents $35 per month: brick foundation- street
macadamized.
ffi?9^nn SOUTH broderick st. —one-
*£>£tiJ\jyj. story house of 4 rooms, bath and
basement; street graded; nice locality; lot 26x100.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
VRpfA~2sx9d~i EAST SIDE CENTRAL
«fls I OOVJ. aye., 25 leet N of Waller.
$950—200x200 in block 44, City Land As-
sociaiion.
$800—60x120; l-s;ory house, rooms; good well
barn, etc.; west side Bowdoln st., 100 feet Sof
Sillinian, University Mound i ract.
$850— 60x160: NE cor. Congdon and Trumbnll
sts.. College Homestead.
$160—120x100: corner block 123, University
Mound Tract.
$250-25x125; NE cor. I obos and Capitol Bts.
I'.nilroad Homestead Association, Ocean View
?90— 25x100; lot 13, block 9, City Land Associa-
tion.
$2000—53:4x114: N side of Twenty-sixth st
320 feet W of Church. ''
CH AS. C. FISHER. 507 California st.
©9 AA A 2 FLATS ON DIAMOND ST., NEAR
f^^"±\J\J. Eighteenth; with stable In rear; lot
25x125; pays 1 percent a month on investment
$4000—3 flats on Shotwell Bt.; full-sized lot-
rented low at $37 per month; street bltuminlzed '
flats In Al condition. '
$2700— Florida St., near Twenty-sixth; 8-room
house, with large yard; see this and make us an
offer. J. W. WRIGHT A CO.. 628 Market st.
fj^ORCED SALE! ~~ ~~ "~ T ~~
CHOICEST LOCATION IN THE CTTY.
$6500— Beautiful Western Addition residence of
7 rooms and bath; opposite Alta plaza: Jot alone
worth near price asked ; off^r wanted; for few days
only; terms tosuil. . BUBNHAM & MAUSH CO
428 Montgomery st. . - '.'
<2»9rv PER LOT, 25x100; San bru.no ROAD
•JP—iU 6y 3 miles from Palnce Hotel: patent title-
S. P. R. K. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness ' property; 15 mlnute3 distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1 a.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
GUft^OO H USE OF 9 ROOMS, RENTING
<Z)\JO\J\J . $55 per month; Leavenworth st., nr.
lay. - . ■ - - ■ . ■ •. :■■:- -■...■ ■
$5600— Frederick and Tremont aye • 56x
103. ■■■■■ •■"'.' ■■■-.> ■■■■■ ■ ■ : - I-": - '. : .-...: - ' ,
$3250— California and 3d tve.; 57:6x97.
flOOO— Tremont aye., nr. Frederick- "'6xBo
ENGLISH A MORRISSE V, 638 MaxUet st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. j
B~15vee"toy~& sonntagT™
REAL estate agents,
19 montgomery ST.,
LICK house BUILDING.
«Cl X AAfi -RENTS $122 PER MONTH:
■jD-LU. \JyJ\J. lot 25x165; tolsom st., near 3d;
running through to Clementina; 6 flats.
QQftnn NEW 4TH-AVE. COTTAGE OF 5
O\JyJ\J. rooms and bath, near Point Lobos.
<Sil 9 f\f)C\ PRICE GREATLY REDUCED;
±4J.\J\J\J. Page-st. property, near Market;
lot 27:6x120 to rear street; frame Improvements.
<stfin nnn downtown business
«IpUU. \J\J\J. property within 100 feet of Mar-
ket st.: close to Baldwin Hotel; 4-story buildins
I and basement.
I ©OQ A A COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS, BATH,
*n?-£OUU. basement, etc.; lot 25x100; Vorkst.,
near 19th.
AC\f\C\ FELLI ST , NEAR SCOTT; LOT 25x
tlpT-VVU. 87:6; cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
QOQAA LAGUNA ST., SHORT DISTANCE
•jOOUU, from Loiubard-st. boulevard; 2-story
bny-window house of 7 rooms and bath, etc; first-
class condition. throughout; very sunny; new pa-
per in every room.
<*sfi9^fi N EW WESTERN ADDITION
*3)\J4jO\J. flats; short distance from Halght-st.
cars: lot 25x116; rents $55 per month; will en-
tertain a trade for Western Addition lot as part
payment. .
Q>KAAA ONLY $1400 CASH REQUIRED:
<?U\J\J\J . balance, $3600, can remain on bank
loan: flat mortgage: Ashbury Heights residence;
fronting bury St.; lot 25x186:3; through to
De Long aye.; house of 6 rooms and bath; garden,
etc.; must be sold; apply at once; bargain.
•St^finfi CASH; balance, $3760, ON
*ipO\J\J\J mortcate; rents $7i!o per year; Eddy-
st. property, on north .side, In splendid renting lo-
cation: lot 25:10x1-0, running through to rear
•trtet; both streets bitumlnlzed; cement walks,
etc.: 3 flats on Eddyst.: cottage cf 4 rooms and
bath on Laurel aye.; a splendid investment; In-
vestigate this. _ __
QiQAAA MASON ST. PROPERTY; LOT
isO\J\J\J. 48x68:9; 3 houses of 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $720 per year; owner anxious to
sell.
Q. 1 Clf\d ONE-STORY COTTAGE HOUSE OF
ttP -LUUI7. 6 rooms; rents $10 per month; splen-
did view of city; high, healthy elevation; off
Yallejo st., near Jones; only small payment
needed to purchase; a cheap home.
FOR EXCHANGE-LOT ON OAK ST., NEAR
Clayton; size 25x100; as part payment for 2
Cats in We&tern Addition; will pay cash difference.
Q£l E\f\ RENTS $55 PER MONTH; 4 SEP-
i »j Ult)V. arate flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
■ each: brick foundation; separate basements,
j-aras, etc. Near Market and Fourteeth st.
<K4Onn grove-st. property, NEAR
tJT'iuUU. Gouch; lot 27:6x68:8; 2-story bouse
of 12 rooms; rents $40 per month; only half cash
required.
| QtTfi HO IF SOLD IMMEDIATELY: RE- j
»J)JtVVV. ducea from $4500; modern 2-story i
bay-window, newly painted, sunny house of 7 !
rooms and bath; high bnsement, laurjdrv; large
garden in rear; north side; between businesVstreet
and park: 1 block from Geary-st. cable: Western
Addition; "cheapest property in v*r.initv "
Apply to BOVEE, TOY <fe SuNNTAO,
19 Montgomery st.
"DOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUC-
TIONEERS.
19 MONTGOMERY STRKET, UNDER LICK
HOUSE.
PROBATE SALE!
PROBATE SALE!
PROBATE SALE!
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1896!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1896!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1896!
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM!
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM!
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM!
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
No. 910 Pine street, north side, west of Mason;
: modern residence containing 10 rooms, bath and
| basement: lot 25xG2:6; rents $70 per month-
! eleeantly frescoed throughout. Estate of Isabella
T. Marcinkowski. Sale sublect to confirmation by
Probate Court.
VALENCIA-STREET PROPERTY.
Nos. 1245 and 1245»^ Valencia St., east side, ad-
Joining the cornerof Twenty-fourth; 2 modern bay-
window containing 5 and 6 rooms and bath
! each: rents $10 yer month: lot 25x90. Estate of
i Thomas W. G. (irnham. tale subject to confirma-
i tion of Probate Coun.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 2725 to 2731 l'lne st., south side, west of
Devlsadero: 2 houses, containing 4 separate flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath: lots 26x137:6 each;
rents $S3 per month; will he sold as a whole or In I
subdivisions. Estate of John Scannel. Bale sub- I
ject to confirmation of Probate Court.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Nos. 1223 to 1231 Broadway street and Nos. 1
: to 24 Bridge place, off south sldo of Broadway,
I east of Hyde: 2 stores and 6 separate flats on
j Broadway, and 24 tenements on Bridge place,
i consisting of 3 rooms each; total rents $189 per
| month: lot -81:6x1.17:6 feet; wl:b an L 25x67:6; j
i portion of cround vacant can be further improved. \
Sale account of the Mezes estate.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Page street, south side, 50 feet west of Lyon:
size 25x100: street work all done: lot level and
• ready for building. Sale account of Mezes estate.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
Portion of block 23, Excelsior Homestead; front-
Ing Amazon avenue. Paris and Lisbon streets, be-
ing 2 (ornera and 6 Inside lots; size 209:6x95:8.
Sale account of Mezes estate.
RICHMOND LOTB.
Thirty-fourth avenue, west side, north of B street;
6 lots, 25x120 each; to be sold as a whole.
....ALSO....
I>ot 12, block 325, South San Francisco Home-
stead and Railroad Association; size 75x100 feet.
Lot 2, block 205, South Sun Francisco nomestead
and Railroad Association: size 73xH)0 feet.
l.or* 359 and 360, Silver Terrace Association:
size 50x100.
Sale account of M»zes estate.
CHEAP MISSION FLATS.
No. 37 Powell avenue, off Mission street, near
28th st., only V? block from Mlsslon-st. electric-
cars and Valencia cable-cars; 2 separate flatsof 3
i rooms each; lot 25x100. bale on account of bank
' foreclosure
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 702 and 704 McAllister st., N. side, W. of
and adjoinine the corner of Goush; 3-story mod-
ern building, consisting of 2 stores, living-rooms
and basements each; 2 separate flats above of 8
rooms and bnth each; total rents $116 per month-
lot size 34:11^x100. _^__
MISSION RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
No. 710 Twenty-flrst St., V. side, near Valencia:
house contains 9 rooms and bath; rents $35 per
month; lot 24x115, with L 20xB0.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
BE. cor. Central aye. and Jackson St.; vacant
corner lot 95 100:11; ready for . building;
commanding superb view.
ALSO
210 Central aye., adjoiniugabove corner; 2-story
dwelling containing 9 rooms, bath, etc; rents $40
per month; lot 32:6x100:11; property will be sold
as a whole.or in subdivisions.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
1 328 Hayes st., N. side, near Broderick; 3 mod-
ern flnts containing 6 ana 7 rooms and bath each •
total rents $74 50 per month: lot 25x137:6; cars
pass the door; street work done.
DOWNTOWN INCOME PROPERTY.
Nos. 720 to 726 Powell St., east side, b«>t. Pine
and California s:s ; 4 modern flats, containing 7
and 8 rooms and bath each; laiest improvements
throughout: total rents $16& per month; lot
44x112:6 feet; very central location.
BUILDING LOT.
North line of California aye., bet. Howard and
Mission sts. ; size 25x100; street work all done; lot
level and ready for building; terms easy if de-
sired.
For catalogue of sale and further particulars
of property apply to
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
19 Montgomery st.
CEE THIS TO-DAY.
MUST BE SOLD.
$1 C'KA ONLY $150 CASH; IXBTALL-
A. U«Jl'. merns of $'-;0 per month including in-
terest; very sui:ry. cozy, comfortable cottage
known as 33 Whitney St.. bet. Thirtieth and
Randall; In Al order; pretty flower garden; lot
25x125; good location: ouiy 2 biocks from Twenty
ninth st. cars aud a stone's throw from Joost's
electric road. TOBIN & McNALLY. Market.
7-ROOal CCTTAGE WITH ALL LATEST IM-
-1 provements; on 24th-st. electric line, near
Douglas; for sale on easy payments. Call on
premises, 1441 '-'4th St., J. ANDEksON, builder
U, r ANTED— AT 1011 CAPP ST., BUYKK FOR
»f nice room bay-window- modern cottage;
bath; pantry: brick foundation; high basement;
lot through to rear street; bargain: easy terms.
W I BUILD ho EBTOSO OX LOTS IN
»i Lakeview, nr. electric cars: terms about the
same as rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket St., San Francisco. • ■.•.•.'■■;.•'■. ... 1 .
17IOR SALE-ELEGANT 13-ROOM HOUSE,
" done by day's work; salon parlors: reception
and billiard rooms;furnace heat; beautiful garden
i stone walks; view Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
[ CITY REAL ESTATE.
T7-ERY CHEAP." ■" ~~~~ -~
<29QfMY NICE BAY-WINDOW - COTTAGE:
t]p£ij\J\J. Jersey st., nr. Diamond; half-block
from 2 car lines; only a small amount down; bal-
ance same as rent.
<Jfil Q Pvf\f\ POWELL ST., NR. SUTTER: 2
<Z>±O.O\J\J. two-story houss flats; rents $98;
lot 32x77:6.
•Bil Q finft GOLDEN GATE AYE.; FLATS;
J. 0." 'Uv. not far from Devisadero st.; 4 fine
flats, rented for $100 a month; lot 50x100.
QQAAA. 516 CONNECTICUT ST., NR.
£.\J\J\J . Napa; 2-story Day-winaow house, 0
rooms; lot 25x100; cheap.
©QQAA LARKTNBT., BET. WASHINGTON
<S)<JO\J\J . and Jackson 3 flats, 4, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; rent $'i 6.
©OQAA FOURTH AYE., BET. POINT LO-
tjp^iOUv/. bos aye. and Clement st. ; cottage, 5
rooms and bath.
•211 A (\(\(\ MCALLISTER ST., BET.PIERCE
Oil .V/tfU. and Scott; 4 modern flats, all
rented: total rent, $1440 per annum; lot 50 feet
front.
11 AAA RENT $100: BUSINESS COR-
•4P-LX.V/V/V/. ner on Bryant St., near 3a; good
Improvements; always rented.
OOXAA VERY CHEAP: WASHINGTON
i£SO«JUI/. St., bet. Hyde and Leavenworth; an
excellent location for modern flats.
<2»OXAA A GREAT BARGAIN; NICE LOT.
OtJViU. norih side Fell st... bet, Fillmore ana
Steiner: 25x137 select neighborhood.
■ ■
©ejAA CHEAP BUSINESS PROPERTY,
<£)UUv/v/. cor. Minna and Mary sts., close to
6th; store and flat ; rent $70.
djjQfiAA GREAT BARGAIN; 2 - STORY
<&O\J\J\J. frame buildinz of 9 rooms: lot 51
106.
(2MCAA, FILBERT ST., BET. TAYLOR AND
•4!St:«JUU. Jones; 2-story building, contain ng 2
flats; 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $35.
GjKAAA BHOTWELL ST., BET. 22D AND
>£<O\J\J\J. 23d; 2 slory and basement frame
building of 9 rooms; lot 32:6x122.
<8i COr A BRODERICK BET. BUSH AND
i&*j£i*J\J. Pine: nice modern bay-window
hous« of 8 rooms and bath.
QJTAAA CHEAP LOT onturk st., bet.
«JP AvUU. Ist aye. and Wiilard St.: lot 25x125.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery Bt.
E ARE STILL SELLING
Lots in the Castro-st. Addition, and selling
them very rapidly, too.
PRICES $a5O TO $400.
TERMS, $5 MONTHLY.
All the street work Is done, including grading,
sewering and macadamizing: water mains laid: ail
ready for building; take the Guerrero-st. cars
(Mission or Valencia, transfer at 14th) ana ride to
Chenery and Castro sts.: agent on the ground
I i!aily, including Sundays, to show property; up-
! ward of 130 lots have, been sold in the past lew
j months, and a large number of homes V re now
! being buiH ; beuer go to-day and see these lots.
BALDWIN & hammond,
10 Montgomery st.
LOTS ON
BAKER ST..
MCALLISTER ST.,
LYON ST.,
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
AT AUCTION,
THURSDAY, APRIL 16,
In our salesroom, at 12 o'clock.
All the streets are sewered.
Stone walks around the entire block.
Every lot is on grade. OnU- 15
minutes to the business center of the city
by electric or cable lines.
Go and sen this block to-day and attend the sale.
Don't be one of those who will say
after the opportunity is gone, "1 didn't
know they would go so cheap." We
notify you tra: the lots will go at
your prices. No limit or reserve
placed on them by the owner.
TERMS, Ul CASH.
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
BALDWIN A
HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
OEEING IS BELIEVING.
Take the '"utter or California street
cars and see the Richmond Block bounded
by California and Lake streets,
11th and l'.'ih avenues. We have sold
I 1 lots in as many days.
Why??? Because tho price 3 we are
s'-:. ■.!!.■ their; lots at make
them the biggest bargains in
Richmond. All the street work
is done, sewered and macadamized,
water. etc.
PRICES S7OO AND $725.
$50 CASH, $10 MONT HLY.
INTEREST 6 PERCENT.
Be qnick. They will soon all b 3 gone.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
__^__ 10 Montgomery st.
JOHN PJbORR, 3*» MONTGOMERY »T., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$3200— Lots 25x110 on Haieht st, near P.aker.
$3150— Fine corner lot on Fillmore St.; 24x82.
$4000— Minna St., near New Montgomery; will
be a business place; house 8 rooms; lot 30x66.
$3000— Natoma st.; 2 story; 8 rooms; lot 26x70;
rent $30.
$25.000— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses: 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bathench; also 2 I>-room cottages on 17th St.; lot
65x100: rent $2280 per annum.
3,ooo— Howard St., near 4th: 3-story house;
23toresand 10 rooms upstair-, lot 30x80; rent $77.
•$87,000— 5-pl*»ndid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
per montli, and <\ill ereatlv Improve in value.
Reduced to $1 1.500 from $14,000— Valencia St.,
S. of lGth; 2-story bay-window house, store and flat
7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x8S feet; a!wa3 s
rented: make offer.
$3000— 7 th st., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
Improvements; renting at $30.
DWELLINGS.-
-$2000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st.,
n.-ar Valencia; rent $60.
$6£oo— Rent &S5: lot 46:6x62:6: Jackson St.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
UNIMPROVED.
$1250—25x50: 24th st., near Dolores.
$2500— Cor. Larkln and Greenwich sts.; large
lot. 62x87:6.
$800— Noe St., near 30th lot 36:6x75.
$3500— Fine cornerlot 70x110, cor. 1 st. and 10th
aye., i,t side entrance to park.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts. ; make offer.
CjISPKR W l . X : TVALE TF.RMINAL
tjpi. tract. iotssloo. McCART. V CO., 1546 Mkt.
SOL GETZ <fc BRO..
O REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VTEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
-Li for houes or Investments at great bargains.
Come nnd see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
fl»7= TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
<ijD % O boulevarJ; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ <fc BRO.
qjjOAA $400, $450, $500 TC> 100 —
(JpOUv. Choicest lots in Richmond: near Sutro
c!ectric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit putchaser*. SOL GETZ <fe
BRO.
C»1 AA TO $250-BUILDINO LOTS, NEAR
»lpl\7U Mlssion-st. and electric-car lines; only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SQL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
EE THOSE Sl5O LOTS TO-DAY IN FRUIT
vale Terminal Tract; $5 per month.
C. BEMIS. ; ~ ■- • ■
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. slrt" of Btanyan at., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— fan Carlos- Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 foct on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses Of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 feet; electrio road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana I'remont.
$8500— Klceant N \V. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choicn building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox36o, sw. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms: stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer. •
<2TI QAA COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 60x135:
I OUU. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
$1100— Cottsge; S rooms: lot 76x125.
f. 1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
J.2oo— Lot 25x135: $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHA9. A. BAILEY, 'iO Montgomery st.
Qtl i .A A WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
♦Jp A." '\J\J dow cottase; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100: South Broderick St., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st. - :■
VI AUKET-STKKET PROPERTY.
iYL
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
■ NEAK VALENCIA. .
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. : Save commission And time. Address
O. N. R.. bos 9, this office.
MODKRN S-STOR Y DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement ami attic, built for $2500: flats
an ' cottages bnilt at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 ■ CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
\J aoctatlon— Home office, 222 Pansome st,, s. F.
General savings «fe loan business. Ed. E. HIM, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge, V-l'r. W. Corbin, sec. <k Geu.Man.
. C ITY REAL ESTATE.
A m. SPECK^CO?^" ' ~- ~-~>~— ~
th- n HAVE MONEY TO LOAN.
$lboO— New oottaze and lot 25x90; near Market st.
5222-_! 26 * 12 f:- on McAllister st.
9-SOO— Store and 2 flats: rents $30: oaly a few
tomn blocks from the City Hall: must sell.
$zuoo— Elesaat modern 6-room cottase; select
_„„„ -ocation: $200 down.
$3000-Busimss property ha!f blocs from Market
and Tenth.
$5200— New 9-room residence near flush and
.*nnn Lowell; njor: age $3500.
$5000-2 new modern flats near Larkin St.; rents
_ .... *=0: 2 fronts: mortgage $4000.
f * s % PO—^lesant residence on Pine st.
$6000— Elexant residence, with stable and grounds;
■rnnn suitah! " for doctor, on Turk st.
jpLUtH)—;) fla-.s; Bush s*., near Mason; rents $55.
if 70W— ice residence and large lot on Washing-
ton st., near Derisadero.
$8000— Geary st.; stores and flats; rents $7&; lot
37:6x137:6 feet: SSOOO cash down.
513,000— Splendid Dusiness property; Hayes St.;
„ rents $123; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$13,000— Magniflcent bnllding; all flats: within 2
_ -„ ulockaof City Hall; rents $100: 2 frontages.
$18,500— Corner on Geary, near Wigwam.
— Business property on 3d st., near Market:
pays about b per cent.
. A. M. SPECK «fe CO., 602 Market st.
POX SALK BY ~ ~~
X! THOMAS JAMES STANTON & CO.,
Eeal Estate Agents,
„„ ■ „ : -: 331 Montgomery street.
$30,000—6 houses, near Market s!.. will soon be
business property; 850,000 was offered 2 years
ego when i: was cot for sale .
i 55250— Corner store building now used asgrocery;
1 has rooms in the rear and a flat of 5 rooms and
! bath ups-.alrs: this Is a good business corner.
$4500— Corner of 3 large lots ana house of 9 rooms
an<l barn; this is a snap ana must be sold.
$5000— A new hou^e of 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms
ana bath: has all the latest Improvements.
$5£00— 2 houses of 2 flats each on Taylor St.;
pays over 1 per cent and always rented; this Is a
snap; come and see it. -
! $4LOO-liroderick St.: 2 substantial bay-window
i flats of 6 rooms each; brick foundations; 36x128
| irresular.
I $2500— A 2-story house of 10 rooms; lot 25x80;
I S. of Market st, and between 4th and sth.
$16C0— A good 4-room cottage; has bath and
hieh basement and large lot. 30x114; cheap.
$3500—2 flats and lot 25x120; fronts on two
streets in the Western Addition; the best front of
lot vacant: good for 2 more flats: streets complete.
UNIMPROVED.
$1000' fach— A number of nice level lots near
Market auU Castro sis.: graded and sewered.
$1000— Corner in the Mission ; 50x80 ; street grad-
I ed and sewered.
; $1050— Lot on York St., near 23d; 25x100;
street work done; a goo-J location.
j $1760— Lots on Broderick st. 25x150; a snap.
$4.50— level lots on Falrmount Tract, close to
two streetcar lines; very cheap.
$700— for 4 large lots near J St., south of
Park; only $175 each; worth $350 each; very
cheap; a good location.
Also a number of good gold mines.
' STANTON .fc CO., 331 Montgomery St.. rm. 17.
3IONEY TO LOAN.
OAKLAND LOANS ON MORTGAGES
on Improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON. 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
AIONKY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-L'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
130BMarke:gt..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
V IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
J ' no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. P.m. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
"OIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6PE CENT;
-i-* the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Offlce.
DVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE. LEGA-
cles, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
ORTGAGKS, LOANS ON COLLATERAIS;
low rates. Sylvaln Saloman <fc C 0. ,328 Montgy
■J ST A 2D MORTGAGES: INTEKKHTS IN E3-
J-UUegjlowest rates:no deIay. MURPHY. Mrkt.
<2^,ftl) ftft A ON KEajl. .ESTATE; LOWEST
tlptjm/,1/Ul/ra:es. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
\ DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKV, ETO
-TV Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Office, 9 Grant, aye.
AN V AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE 3;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bf.te. McCOLGAN. 2-t Montcomerr. room» *2-' J.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY~ St!,"^R^OM~9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. I RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
i \J kct, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists; only reli-
; able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
i frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting soc, with gassl.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
I good as can be made; filliag^l. Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
li. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET BT.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extractln? when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
_ DR. HARDCASTLE, 623 Montgomery, rm. 1.
IpULL SET OF TEETH, WARRANTED
' live years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. VOUN<}. 1841 Polk St.
JR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THi5 GENUINE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
I and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Fr.rrell st.
TJAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c! CROWN
X bridge work n specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari"
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. 815^4 Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEAP.NY - BKILHiE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
-VOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. tJOti iiAit-
\J ket st. DX. CHARLES W. DECKER. .
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate nvc.-Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
rante.). I)R. .1 W. KKY. 1123 Market st.
| alameoaloyertisememis
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
iQ9ft7lft~7Ro7nrc^T^QCG^;jssTc^u7?^o
tJ>ZI/UU. per month.
$2300— 5-room cottasc: $300 cash, $25 a month.
$2750— 5-room cottage: $250 cash. $-'5 a m nth.
$3000—6 room house; ,^OO cash, $25 a month.
■ $4000— 7-room hou«e: $800 cash, $25 a month.
Ail modern houses, on improved streets, and
convenient to trains; have also a few magnificent
homes at reduc d prices and or* easy terms
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St., Alameda.
"JVT EW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
J-^l rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
t trie appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
J sure If you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
ti. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
"DARE CHANCE TO -SECURE A HOME ON
.It easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottars and 2-
story dweliinga on easy terms; from $2000 up;
§150 cash; balance ou eaiy monthly payments to
suit.' Addre.« A. R. DEN ICE, real estate, archi-
tectand builder, 1503 Seventh St., Alameda.
17<OR SALE- • ~ "
. House X rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. uraud st. : cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
KASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO
038 Mark.". St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
OOK-$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. 11. B. PINNEY. 902 I.roadway, Oakland.
G>9ftftii ~S E W>ROOM COTTAGE; $400
'Uu 1 '. cash; balance easy terms; see it.
$3Goo— New 5-room cottage; lot 50x150; want
ofTi-r: $300 cash.
$4250— New 7-room 2-story house; Broadway;
groat bargaiu.
$3i>o0 — 6-room cottage; most be sold.
.sssoo— Santa Clara aye.; room house near
Park f r . ; cheap.
$4750— Clinton aye. : 8 rooms; new; Clinton aye.
$6250— Alameda aye.; 8-rooin cottage; Alameda
aye.; lot 54x150.
$11.000— San Antonio aye.; 8rooms; allmodern-
beautiful. '
House; lot 135x150; call and see thl - fine;
property; 14 rooms and 6 acres land ; water, rruit;
finest property in Alameda: must be sold. Ou all
these properties street work, sewers and Sidewalks
complete. Larse nnmber furnished ' and unfur'
nisued houses. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st. !
TO LrJT— HANDSOME COTTAGE, COM
X pletely furnishfd. elegant and extensive
prounds. for 1 year or more, SSO per month: also
tine 2siory house of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nlabed. for 1 year or more, $7,"> per month.
For sale— A fine 8-room cottage; cost of building
a!one $5500. with lot 65x146: SO5OO will take the
property: don't fail to see It. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park st., Alnmeda (Iroad-gauge depot). .
ffl» I ftft TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY: NEW
*IP ' '-'" 6 and ti room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, tc< 001. etc ; with large
lot; $2400 to $b000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alamedu. ■ -■■-■■ _^
ALAMEDA HOUSES^TO ~LET\
•J997 ENCINAL AYE.— STOUT HCCSE)
•'•—«—• 5 rooms and bath; modern lmprove-
roents; Hlgh-st. station; 815. ■
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
'A LAMED A— S NICK SUNNY ROOMS: FUR-
wTV nished for housekeeping: separate bathroom
and toilet: Hlch-strt-et >.;ation: 3219 Brigg3 ay«».
attorneYs-at-law. :
M"^jTlfuT^3C"-^^ : r E^^T>LAwI 719
• Market st. ; advice free. |
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
xV alty; private:- no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, coliections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14. 15.
"117- W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A I'-LA W, 420
iT . California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice iree. 1
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
IJEATJTIFUL HOME, LARGE GROUNDS, IN
■ XJ i-rmtvalp; genuine bargain: easy terms: don"t
! fall to see this. LODGJS <3e POWELL, Fruitvala
' station.
j ©VO^O THIS IS A BARGAIN; HOUSE OP
(P-iiUV;, 6 rooms, with or without furniture:
barn, 2 chicken-houses, ICO chickens: artesian
well, windmill and tank; fruit trees and shrub-
bery; horse, harness and phaeton. For terms see
j owner at Fruitvale Land Co.'s. Fruitvale station.
PIih'GAST HOME FOR EXCHANGE; PRICK
i-i $6500; mortgage 500 at 8 per cent; long
i time: very best location: will exchange the equity
for good 10l or lot? suitable for building. Address
• Owner, box 1, Call Office, Oakland.
HA V A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans; Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda; easy
: terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
| vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume soma
I mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank bulld-
ng, Oakland.
LOOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
no Interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
Q1 Q ftft ft DISCOUNT IF SOLD FOR CASH!
CSJLO.UUV/. this month. An ideat suburban
l.orne; 50 acres: 35 acres In assorted fruits of tha
choicest varieties in full bearing; only 2Vi miles
I from the city of Oakland: 10 rniuute3' driv ■ to the
electric cars: 2 blocks to pnblic school; house 11
rooms, bath; new and modern In every detail;
good l>ar:i and outbuildings; spring water in,
1 abundance; scenery and climate unexcelled.
j Will accept as part payment property in Oakland,
I Berkeley, Alameda, San Francisco or Los
I Angeles. Estimated value of this year's crop
$3000 to $5000.
For photos and full particulars ac" dress J. s.
■ MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
i LOR SALE OR RENT— A FIRST- CLASS
1 . J summer resort; house of 11 rooms; Dar, beauti-
-1 fill garden and stable; opposite the railroad depot
i and near the Oakland Trotting Park; a good
i chance for a live man: terms easy. Apply H.
i BROCKELMANN, Golden Gate station, Alameda
I County.
I <Sl9ftftft FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR"
I isL*\)\j\J. Oakland or Alameda property— a
choice farm of 75 acres, 25 miles from Stockton oa
railroad; only 4 hours from San Francisco. A. C,
box 6, Call Offlce, Oakland.
©OAftft NEW AND modern two-story
tJpAO\J\J. house and good lot, well located,
handy to narrow-gauge; a bargain. ALDEN <fc
j KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
: CjQftft ROOJtING - HOUSE; Wf.LL 17^
1 '$>O\J\J. cated; paving well; a bargain. Apply
; to ALDEN & KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
SNAP— 2 SMALL COTTAGEB; RENT $9
per month: lot 50x100: 10 minutes' ride to
locai train: price only $800. Address P.., box 13,
Call Offlce, Oakland.
mo EXCHANGE— MODERN COT.
JL tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small lm-
; proved ranch. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oa- •
; land.
IOK SALE OR HANGK — OAKLAND
1 -T house and lot, 37x105, on electric line, for city
j property. Apply at 1431 Bush st.
j 1 O-ROOM HOUSE: 100-FOOT LOT; ONLY 5
I x.£i blocks from Broadway; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland.
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tloh; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tlon.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ODERN COTTAGE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH ;
completely furnished ; plano.etc ; large grounds,
with fruit trees, berries, etc., in full bearing; sit-
uated In one of the best locations In East Oakland ;
close to local trains and electric cars; reasonable
terms to good tenant. For further particulars ap-
ply to WILLIAM J. DINGEE,4eOand462 Eighth
I St., Oakland. ,
! ©Q;; SIXMONTnS OR more; FURNISH-
I t~OO. Ed modern 6-room cottage; sunny cor-
j ncr: 2 Dlocks to train. 1003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
land.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
HOUSEKEEPIN7T!?oT)MSrYOI^ISHEb 6b
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
; 1229 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKNITURE FOR SALE.
I j£ CASH^TTRcifAsio
tip I U of $500 this ad. will be taken for $75 on
furniture or household goods, not Including car-
! pets; 4 days only. H. SCHELLIiAAS, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMEBFOR RENT OR FOR SALE ON
easy terms. O. G. MAY &CO., real estate and
j building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
j A LOTS 4 "BLOCKS FROM IAVIGHT-WAY
; "i station, Berkeley; worth $2000, for $1000;
half cash. PHILBIIICK, 2648 Folsom st.
(5.17 c LOT IN CENTRAL BERKELEY;
rjp L < U. 25x135; $5 cash, f5 monthly.
$400— lot in East Berkeley; 102x150;
cheap: and yet another, ;a fine corner, 60x11:),
ODly $350. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley station.
Q*l I Kft LOOK! LOOKI — ONLY $1150: A
<JS>XLO\J. nice home; lot 50x135: 3-roomed
house; good and nearly new: well located; near
! station. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln, Berkeley.
FOP. RENT — FURNISHED Utt UNFUR-
nished house of 13 rooms on principal street; 3
I minutes' walk from Berkeley station: large
I proupds, nicely improved; plenty o! flowers and
■ shade: lawn-tennis and croquet grounds; barn,
: chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON, Berkeley sta-
i tion.
j OS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
j O surance acent, Berkeley station.
Ir<Oß SALE— TWO MODERN HOUSES, JUST
-C completed; 7 and 8 rooms; porcelain baths;
large lots; in choice part of town; easy terms.
A few choice corner lots south oi University;
cheap to close an estate.
270x120: 5 blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. M. L. UURTS, opposite
D wight-way station, Berkeley, Cal.
eekki:i.i:y ROOMS.
PERKEU:Y— FIRST-CLASS ~ ROOM AND
i-» board: close to steam and electric cars. Apply
A. C, fcOT»O, Call.
A TTRACTI SUNNY ROOMS WITH
-t\- board: first and second floors: single or suite;
private; central ; reasonable. 2324 Channlngway.
a DJOINING UNIVERSITY GROUNDS —
j -TV Large newly furnished rooms: electric lUhts;
! first-class board; between two lines electric-cars;
private dining-room for family if desired. 2214.
I Union st. _^
SANTA CLARA CQDNTY,
REAL ESTATE.
LTVAS^VALLEYTaO MiT^S^S^OF^SaSTjOSE*
- 4 milrs west of Morganhill; 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano:
| beautiful grounds, interspersed with ook trees; 'i
; cottapes; pavilion 60x80 £fe[ : bored well, wind-
j mill, horsepower, 2 6000-.<;al!on tanks: water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pizs, chickens ami
! implements for working the place; implements
| cos' over $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
' mainder in cily property. For particulars apply to
K. McCURRI E, Lloyd Tevls' office. Mills bldg. S. K
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
;rr\ VACAN"T~IToTS?~pIaIcES^FROM JV1 ™ J
O\J Sl5O to $4,000
20 house 3 and lots, from $1250 to 10,000
50 ranches: all sizes; frcm to 30,000
20 houses; Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places: all kinds; from $M) to 4,000
25 lodging- houses and hotels: from $200 to 3,01)0
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? —
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ________
Airkind3 of prorerty — —
H. C. DECK I;, "1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
IPOR.SALE OR EXCHANGE FOU VITY
1- property, homestead relinquishment: Irrigated
land; all level; in Kern County, Address X., box
107, Call Offlce.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOX SAN
. Francisco property— House of 2 flats. 6 and 4
rooms; bath mid storeroom to each: finished base-
ment: beautiful garden: stone walKs, etc; at a
great bargain; owner leaving town. 5iS Finest.,
San Francisco, or 1505 Market St., Oakland.
&9ft Pftft UP TO-$100,000: BEST MAKE
| «JS_«U.V7UU and practical bicycles and carriages;
i will exchange for good California property with a
j third ca3h or good security. See E. E. BUNCE,
Land Azent, 1008 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
T7IXCHANGE; 8-ROOM HOUSE ON CLARE.
-Li mo:it aye., Oakland, for Improved ranch; value
. about $200 U. Address Ranch, box 66, Call Office.
I A CHANCE TO IN VKST— FOR SiALE OR EX-
| u\- change about 400 acres ricn bottom land on
i Sherman .'slar.il. Sacramento Klver; when under
cultivation one-quarter of crop has netted owner
i §20 per acre, per annum: the wharf privilege has
paid $5 per aay ; part of property now under water,
but will shortly be relieved. Address S. A. G.,
box 2, Call Office. " '
WILL EXCHANGE HANDSOME HOME IX
»» Alameaa for Improved or well-located vacant
lot in S. F. I. N. PAT TISON, 19 Montgomery sU
ffl«O?:ftri FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
OO\J\i. house, 10 rooms, on a main street ia
Oakland: trade for >an Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 47» Ninth St., Oakland.
1 9Qft ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I iOU water; fine for cattle-raisinc. N..bx.16.Ca1l
MONEY WANTED.
£»7ftft ON NEW 6-ROOM HOUSE: LOT
CP * \J\J . 100x155; 225 feet from San Pablo ;
interest 8 per cent. Also $3500 on improved prop-
erty, 120.-250, on San Pablo aye.: Interest 10 per
cent, and other loans from $200 to $100,000, at 8
and 10 per cent on gilt-edge security: r.o expensa
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alameda Couuty, Cal.
T OAN-$lOOO. CONTRA COSTA; NO. 1 BE-
-LJ enritv. 1.. W., box 48. Call.
FINANCIAL. ~_
©1 Aft ftftft TO LOAN ON^FE INSURE
tj;j-V/u. \j\j\i ance policies; bankbooks bought;
aiso Crinple Creek mining stocks. JOSEI'H B.
TOPLITZ, room 9. 330 Pice su
1112
' ■ HOPSES TO LET.
7H I^^OT^eTiTsT.TcOR. TWENTY-FIRST;
l'"l 10 rooms, bath: .?30. 1137 Guerrero— 6
rooms, bath: $-0. 929 Nn:oma— 6 rooms: $16.
105 Diamond— Cottage 6 rooms, bath: $15. W.
H. CRIM A CO., 118 -Montgomery Bt.
PPKECIATEI) IF SEKN— SUTTEB,
nt-ar Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
H" OUSB- 6 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN IM-
provenients. 514 Hermann St., near Fillmore.
OUBK. 9 800 MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1318 L«-ftvenworth St.: desirable lo-
catlon; rent reasonable.
OUSK OF 4 ROOMS. 73 FEDERAL »T.,
off Second, between Bryant and Brannan:
rent reduced: >1S; water free. Apply 616 Second.
c » i" 1707 POWELL ST., OPPOSITE UNION
Jfc^O. square— lo rooms and bath; large yard;
aun in every room : well adapted for a club. ASH-
TON A GARDNER, 411 Montgomery st.
C-r/l 91s golden gate aye., OPP. JF.F-
«^M)U. ferson Square, 17 rooms and bath: large
yard- newly papered and painted. ASHTON &
GARDINKK. 411 Montgomery st,
B" EST HOUSE (8 BOOMS AND BATH) IN
city for the money. 1711 Baker St., near Cal.
Al A BXLIB. ABOVE VAN NESS - SUNNY
yXtr house; 7 rooms: modern improvements.
T7OUR BOOMS; PLEASANT LOCATION. 1707
-T Jones st.. near Broadway: $15.
C!' 7 AND EACH-YARD, WATER, SEPA-
«T I . rate: ElmaTS. Apply at 1613 G. G. aye.
•OQ 8 BOOMS; LAKGK SUNN'S YARD.
0— O. 2527 Pine St.. near .-cott; see it.
\\'K HKN 1 MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
» treat people tight. BALDWIN & HAH-
MOND, lOMontßOmery st.
HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
. cbeap. Apply NICOI. 534Vi> California -t.
I RXISErJBD houses;
T7<OB BENT-DUBING SUMMEB months
T furnished house of 9 rooms: all modern im-
provements; lccau?d 2 miles from San Jose: elec-
tric cars pass the door. For particulars address
box 35. San Jose Mercury Office.
(OTTA(iKS TO LET.
riOTl OF4BOOMB. BATH AND CELLAR:
' / chicken-house; lot 100x110; rent $16. Apply
rorner Fairniount and Laidley sts.
UNNY COTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS AND BATH;
JD stable II required. 242" Post st.
Ql 4 FOURTEENTH— LARGE COTTAGE; 7
*JXO rooms and bath: stable; $16.
OTTAGE OF 4 BOOMS; OOBNEB GREEN
and Polk sts.
TO LET IN THE MISSION WARM BELT—
1 Sunny Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms: all latest
Improvements: large dry basement: electric-cars
pass the door; rent#lB. 212 Chattanooga St.. bet.
Twenty-: and 1 wenty -fourth.
OITAGE 4 ROOMS; BATH; STABLE. 110
V Sanchez St., near Four.eenth.
"\ lODISKN BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE; 5
i'l rcoms: bath; basement: yard. 737 Treat aye.
KEAB COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; YARD; $11;
2426V2 Bush si. Key 2428.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
• bath: basement and yurd. Corner Dolores and
Filteenth sts.
OTTAGK. 4 ROOMS, BATH. 23 BYINGTOW
sL, off Webster, nr. Kiiis.
CQI ELLIS ST.— TWO ROOMS IN REAR
«JOX boose; rent s 6.
1 9 1 Ki'i-.i K.\. BET. 18th AND 19th— 4 SUN-
J—I ny rcoms: ball: basement; nice yard: rent
$1 1 : Castro cable or Eigh;ecnth-st. electric-car.
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY handsomely FURNISHEDFLOOR
r of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; suitable for family or
rhvsician: reasonable. 913 I'olk St.. near ii-a'.y
FLATS TO LET.
YE. COR. BAKER AND FE LL sts.; desir.
.lN able flat of 16 rooms: adapted for rooming pur-
poses; rent low. MADISON <fc BURKE, 626
Market St.
Oq9 VALENCIA ST.: UPPER FLAT; MIB-
-«JO— sion warm belt; 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern improvements; rent reasonable. MADISON
•fc BURKE, 626 Market st
7 1 FAIL TO LOOK AT THOSE MODEBN
XJ rlats of 6 rooms, bath, etc.; central location;
no car fare necessary; Turk s:., mar Larkin: rent
only 525 per month. Apply MADISON & BURKE,
tS2« Market st.
QUNNY CORNER FLAT; SACRAMENIO
0 and Baker: 5 rooms and bath: newly papered
end painted; wooden mantels, etc. Apply M ADI-
SON <fc BUBKE, 626 Market St.
Ql 09 WA.-HlNi-TuN, LOWER 7 ROOMS,
*)li>- ba:h, «3250; 251S Mission, upper 6
rooms, bath. $22 50: 2825 Howard, lower 5 rooms,
bath. |20; 817 Seventeenth, upper 7 rooms, bath,
t'.O; 107 Second, upper 7 rooms. $18: 1211 Guer-
rero. upper 5 rooms, bath, $17: HV2 McLea
court, upper 5 rooms, la h. $16; 116 Dorland,
upper 6 rooms, 914: -416 Mission, upper 4 rooms,
bath. $14. W. H. CRIM <t CO., 118 Montgomery.
i>9' 1713 MCALLISTER, near BRODEK-
«Ir —O. icit— 7 rooms and bath; newly papered
an.l painted; modern finish. ASHTON <fc GAR-.
IMNKH, 411 Montgomery St.
1 £.99 FELL, NEAR LOIT— MODERN MID-
-1 •-)_ — d.c flat of 5 rooms and bath, facing pan-
handle; newly frescoed and painted: moderate
ien:. Apply to tASTON, E.L.DKIDGE <fc CO.,
t>6H Market St.
A ELEGANT FLATS OF 8 BOOMS AND BATH j
tl each; just completed, with all the latest con-
veniences; rents reasonable: Yal»-ncias:.. bet. six-
teento and seventeenth. Apply L. A. SOUC <t
iii.. 466 Valencia s;., near Bizteenth.
■\\T ANTED — GOOD TBNANTS FOR NEW
>» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK <fe CO.,
602 Market St.
A HA DISK IN FLAT AT9U OAK ST.;
-\ flowers, fruit, stable. SPE«'K«fcC'>.
QQ' 2217 lilsli STJ; ELEGANT NEW
*?00. flat. 7 rooms, bath antl laundry; separate
yard. N i<< il.. 534 1/2 California st.
VKV, KLEGANT. UPPEB SUNNY MODERN
J-i flat; 6 rooms and batb. 933 Rolden <;.■»!•• hyp
MODERN SL'.N.N V ti.il.s v.» i.in .....
BMODEKN SCN.W rL » 1 ••• «).< ..,,,
Det. Mission and Howard, Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, co.itaininc 5 and 6 rcoms, baths,
m«:iin fireplaces, with large separate back yard,
etc. : rent will suit you. Call at oflice, O'FARRELL
«fc CO., 11 Montgomery st.
i'OUR KOOMS AND BATH, NEWLY PAPEB-
X ed and painted throughout: on third floor: at-
tractive house and neighborhood; low rent;
$12 50: only quiet family without children.
DEMPSTER. 36 '.len Park aye.. off Twelfth St.
Q9' MODEBN UPPEB FLAT, 7 LABGE
O — •'• sunny rooms and ba:h. 2219 Sutter st.
Ql q 3 large ROOMS; yard. 409thir-
OXO. tf-cnt!i St., above Valencia.
9 I PPEB FLATS, 3 BOOMS EACH; $10. 29
£1 Rineold st.. near Folsom and Ninth.
ELEGANI FLAT OF 7 ROOMS' AND BATH.
-i 718 Twenty Bra si., near Valencia.
Ql X. sunn V UPPKR FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
♦ w L«*. bath: will make good inducements.
2203 ary st., cor. Devisadero.
&141 M < 1 . 1 I'i'KK FLAT, 4 ROOMS; ALSO
»T 1— • store, cheap. 2205 Geary st.
"C \A SAM HKZ. NEAR 191 H (FLAT B)—
"'I 1 rooms, bath; sunny; decorated and modern.
S* UNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH CHEAP!
1411 Twenty-fifth st.
hi II FRANKLIN. BET. MCALLISTER AND
"XX2 Fulton; flat 3 rooms; cheap.
M.AT 5 SI • NN y BOOM S AND BATH; SEE
it. 2226 Geary st.
Q'Jfo FIFTEENTH, BET. MARKET AND
OOU Noe— Sanny flat 5 rooms, bath; rent cheap.
UNNY UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH";
0 reasonable. 209 Steiner St., near Haight.
WO NEW SUNNY FLATS; 920~PINE ST.,
opposite Bella Vista Hotel: 5 rooms and bath
each; rent $18 and S2<>: latest Improvements.
T^LEGANT MODERN uT'PER FLaT: 8 ALL
XJ sunny rooms: pleasant surroundings. 323
Jones St.. comer Kiiis.
O^rj^ GROVE— SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS; AL-
OU't cove: bath; rent reasonable.
IfLATSNIUE ROOMS; 106 WILLIAM ST.;
cheap rent. Apply 516 V Geary st.
IM.AT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS: YARD AND
cellar: rent $11. 2207 Pine at.
Qin FLAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
J. O. NX. corner Polk aud Jackson sts.
i;o/' EiTm AYE., BKT. VAN NESS AND
—— I) Franklin. Turk aud Golden Gate— Flat 5
rooms: bath: modern Improvements.
Ql- FLAT OF S BOOMS AND BATH. 489
»Jnl«_>. Sanch,ez si., corner Eighteenth.
f TPPER FLAT: 6 NICE bUNNY ROOMS;
U 12. 1614% stevensou st.
4)1 .71-219% TWENTY-THIRD —SUN N V
Z.l t2ilat»of4 and 5 rooms and bath; 1106
Alabama, cottage, 5 rooms and bath; $12, $14,
$15.
MODKRN UPPKR FLAT OF 2-STORY
nous»; 6 lari;e rooms and bath: cellar; sunuy
yard. 1423% Hayes si., near Baker.
Ql ( ' UPP l-BOOM; NEW: MODERN:
♦JjXU. fronting panhandle. 1622 Fell si., near
Lott.
Ql9 4 NICE BOOMS. 528 GREENWICH
%? 1 £im st.. near Stockton, on sunny side.
1 %') GOUGH— ELKGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
1 «UO rooms and bath.
P. f)A WALLEK— SUNNY LOWER FLAT; 6
O£.~± rooms ar.d batb.
ODKRN FLAT; 6 ROOMS: BATH; STABLE.
375 Shotwellst.. neat Eighteenth.
T^LAT, 4 ROOMS, WITH LARGIi"YARD AND
X stable. 2 Hay ward st., near Eighth: cheap.
ODERN FLATS; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
near park; «15 and $18. 1909 McAllister st.
-I^LAT: 9 ~ BOOM AND BATH. ASHBURY
T Heights, 1718 Waller: rent $30.
yiqq EDDY ST.-MODKRN LOWER 7-ROOM
riOO flat; fine location for doctor's office.
1 IQQ HOW ABD— I C X SUNNY FLAT OF 4
XXOO rooms: cheap rent.
11C1 GUEBBKKO, COB. T WENT Y-FOUBTH
J ItJX —New house, 7 rooms; bath; fine loca-
tlon; *18.
Ql q FLAT 4 ROOMS. 125 PAGE ST., BET.
«JpxO. Gougb and Octavia.
Q1 A A 1008 NATOMA - LOWER FLAT;
HDl\J.O\Jm 3 rooms; yard; ceUar.
FLATS TO lET- Continued. '
T I OT Ci EDDY\ NEAR LAGU N A N V
IZ-1D flat; 5 rooms; bath; modern Improve-
ments; key in rear. -
QQ-l HARRISON, NEAR - SIXTH — NEW
i/OX flat: 6 rooms: all improvements; cheap.
A AND 5 ROOMS, BATH: $11, $12. $13: ELEC-
*± trie line. 4:.85 a, 4587. 4591 a Eighteenth st.
HE FURNITURE OF FLAT. CON-
sistlng of 5 rooms, bath, complete: nearly new;
In first-class order: dealers. Apply 626 Kearny.
UNNY FLATS; 8 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 170U Post.
-1 OiJZ. TURK — UPPER 6 ROOMS, BATH,
10- O $19: lower 5 rooms, bath, $17: modern.
■I Qfl7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
xOUI flat. 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
TVTEAR CITY HALL— 2 FLATS. 6 ROOMS
±\ each, 141 Grove St., $20; 10 Grove St., $24.
1 91 1 TWENTY-THIRD ST., NEAR CAS-
X£S3IX tro— Lovely sunny 6-room flat; every
convenience; rent $17; water free.
9q PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. BET.
&O Noe and Sanchez— Lovely Bunny 6-room
flat: rent $17: water free.
Q-| 7 7 ROOMS AND BATH; SW. CORNER
»JpX i . Scott and Ellis sts.; upper flat.
SUNNY FLATS: 812 ELLIS ST., NR. POLK;
3 rooms: yard; basement: $20. ■
ODERN SUNNY LOWER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page st., cor. Clavton, Golden Gate Park.
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
»> treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery st.
Q I r LOVELY FLAT: 5 SUNNY BOOMS
<P1 «J. and batb: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
IyKBSTER 207-209-SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
II 7 rooms; rent $25. $27 50.
VKW SUNNY FLATt 6 P.OOMsTaND BATH;
X\ was $20, now $13 60: Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY, 608 California s;.___
LEG ANT NE W FLATS, S VENTH ST., BE-
XV low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Branimn Street.
A 99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
■ "X— of stove and dishes.
California Street.
1 A QA CALIFORNIA— TWO SUNNY HOUSE-
XrtOrt keeping rooms l with gas, bath, stove and
running water, $12.
Eddy Street.
110 EDDY — S SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X XO rooms; other newly furnished rooms; cheap.
1 9AA "y. 1 1 >V- NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
XZ.\J keeping rooms: also sunny suite.
Ellis street.
q9 ELLIS — 4 SUNN** UNFURNISHED
«JO— rooms with bath.
79A ELLIS— UNFURNISHED SUNNY AL-
I —v' cove: also sunny back rooms for housekpg.
Elliott Park.
n ELLIOTT PARK. OFF STEINER, NEAR
Geary— sunny rooms; suitable for 2; bath.
"1 9 ELLIOT PARK, OFF KT E INKR, BET.
X-- O'Farrell and Geary — 3 rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping, with bath.
.Firth Street.
I f\l FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
XU I nished rooms to let.
qAQ FIFTH — SUN N V BAY-WINDOW,
O\JO cheap housekeeping room: also other rooms.
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN;
00. running water; bath; private: no children.
314 Fifth st.
Fillmore Street.
QIA 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
C L\J. Ing rooms. 22081 Fillmore st, nr.Clay.
iolsom Street.
rCO FOLSOM— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping; range: hot, cold water. !
ftl -1 FOLSOM— FURNISHED AND UNFUR- !
'J-L"i nlshed housekeeping rooms.
Fourth Street.
99-: FOURTH ST.— FURNISHED ROOMS
Ju£i\J suitable light housekeeping; also single.
A~\ q FO U RTH — SU NN V FURNISHED
xJO housekeeping room: cheap.
olden (>ate Avenue.
qqo GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms; bath.
Grant Avenue.
7 GRANT AYE. OPP. EXAMINER OFFICE—
1 first floor, 4 connecting rooms, nicely furnished,
suitable for housekeeping or any business.
Harrison Street.
7qq HARRISON — 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
I OO for house-keeping; bath: $16.
7qq HARRISON; FRONT AND BACK PAR-
I OO lor for houspkeepinz: $14.
lfjin HARRISON. near TWELFTH—
J. OIU housekeeping rooms and barber shop;
rent cheap.
Hickory Avenue
1 Af? HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN—
-1 U<) 3 lars;e sunny rooms, furnished; house-
keeping; $15.
Howard Street.
70J HOWARD ST.. COR. THIRD-2 OR 3
• yjt nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
oqri Howard"— nicely furnished
OOO'Z rooms, single and double; rent reasonable.
1 9AO HOWARD— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
x£\JO in a private family; gas; bath; cheap.
1 9 A H A RD— 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS; j
XZiUtt complete for housekeeping ; rent cheap.
1 Ctna HOWARD — 2 OR 3 furnished
XUv/U rooms complete for housekeeping, with
gas and bath; private family: rent reasonable.
oe«Bie Street.
EAQI JESSIE— COMPLETELY FUR-
t»UO3 nished housekeeping rooms.
Larkin Street.
1 01 Ol LARKIN — 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
XUXUa rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
Leavenworth street.
r1 r LEAVENWORTH ST.— 3 FURNISHED
OxO housekpg rooms; parlor floor; no children.
1 Al 9 LEAVENWORTH— PARLOR FLOOR
XUXZi of 3 rooms; furnished completely; gas;
range. . ... A :■-,-,
Market Street.
1 qC9A MARKET— NICELY FURNISHED
XO\J£i sunny housekeeping rooms: first floor;
cheap.
aicAllister Street.
409 MCALLISTER— CORNER SUNNY FUR-
rtxJZi nisbed room, suitable for linht housekeep-
ing; also 2 nicely furnished rooms, $5.
AAH McAllister— 2 rooms FURNISHED
t:"* I complete for housekeeping: $12 and up.|,
. -; j)linna street.
r^AR MINNA — FURNISHED FOR ROOMS
O^rU housekeeping; large yard.
Mission Street.
no MISSION- 2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
t)UO housekeeping; cheap.
Q4 £H MISSION^ NR. SIXTH — 2 LARGE,
VrtO sunny, well furnished housekeeping rooms.
QA"? lON- FURNISHED BOOMS COM-
t/tt t piete for housekeeping.
1 91 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOI'S
JljuLV keeping room gas ; bath ; no children.
1 999 MISSION — 1 OR 2 LARGE FUR-
-I__— nished rooms complete for housekeeping.
1 OAI . MISSION. CORNER NINTH— FRONT
IOUI room and kitchen.
1 P\ 3 MISSION— I, 2OR 3 NICELY FUR-
XOXO4 nisbed rooms; use of bath.
Morris Avenue.
1 9f» MORRIS AYE. — 4 UNFURNISHED
X^U rooms: lower floor; cellar; water free; $11.
Apply 529 Sixth St.
>atorna Street.
QQ NATOMA— ONE LARGE SUNNY ROoM,
Dt7 furnished for housekeeping; range: yard; $5.
i'CW NATOMA — 2 FURNISHED FRONT
UuJ rooms for housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH ST.. NEAR MARKET— HOUSE-
— \J keeping: stove, gas, water.
Oak Street.
AO OAK-$5; SUNNY ROOMS FOR RESPECT-
TtO able working women; private day home for
children.
71 Q OAK— 4 ROOMS; WILL TAKE 1 ROOM
• X»7 in part payment of rent.
lost Street. .
Al P. POST— 2 UNFURNISHED OR PARTLY
ttXO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Second Street.
1I C SECOND — CHANGED HANDS AND
lit/ renovated; front sunny rooms; suitable for
light housekeeping; cheap; also single.
Q9«> £A 425 SECOND ST.; 7 ROOMS AND
«IP^^-.oU. bath; nice yard. NICOL, 634 V:,
California st. Ya
Seventh Street.
1 °>f\ SEVENTH— TWO LARGE FURNISHED
IOU front honiekeeping rms. ; yard: reasonable.
Iq7 SEVENTH— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEP-
LO* ing rooms; $8 and $10.
T49 SEVENTH -SUITES, SINGLE alvTd
X*l/J housekeeping: suitable doctor or dentist.
1 C IJ HE VENTH — LARITE ROOMS FOR
J. O I housekeeping; complete; reasonable.
; . South Park.
-I n SOUTH PARK— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
XU keepgslo: 4 unfurnished $10, furnished $15.
q9 SOUTH PARK-ONE OR TWO. NICELY
O— furnished sunny rooms for bousekeeping.
■'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 189 G.
HOtTSEKEEPINQ ROOMS — Cont inued .
S tevi-i.M.m Street.
rr r STEVENSON- ROOMS FOR LIGHT
iJOO housekenpinK: rent cheap.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON — NICELY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; 10 per month.
Third Street.
"I AO THIRD— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
XtrO rooms, complete; first floor; bath; gas.
CI Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK - FUR-
*JX O nlshed housekeeping rooms.
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 9q TWENTY-SIXTH - 2 ROOMS; BATH;
X4*%J housekeeping; $10 a month; single $4.
Valencia Street
"I 471 VALENCIA— TWO LARGE SUNNY,
X^t I 3 neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping;
with use of bath.
Van >e*s Avenue.
9-j VAN NESS AYE.-IF YOU WANT NEW-
Ji ly furnished sunny housekeeping rooms
cheap, call. ■.'■•;•■.
4AOVAN NESS AYE. -2 FURBISHED
rooms for housekeeping; 1 front; sunny;
cbeap.
■ «■
: 'Washington Street.
K A9 WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFCK-
; "V.J nished housukeeplng rooms; running water.
Webster Street.
mWEBSTER-2 OR 3 LARGE HANDSOME
rooms, furnished or unfurnished
ROOMS TO LET.
15hj.Ii Street. ™^"
"1 9AK BUSH— SINGLE FRONT ROOM; FUR-
XAVJO nlshed; $5 month.
1 4.1 q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: FINK LO-
-L^l-L<-» cation: pleasunt home; private family;
reasonable; references.
Clara Street.
P."l 1 CLARA— LARGE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
wJ-2 able for 2; reasonable. -.: *,■•+•;..
Eddy Place.
"I 9 EDDY-SUNNY FRONT AND SIDE ROOM
X^j cheap: transient.
i-.ijiii'ii Street.
SHERMAN APAKT.MEKT HOUSE, 28 BTH
C? St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kllis Street.
i nPHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
; J- Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a ntwly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
! sunny rooms, sineleor en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and lire escapes; situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct to ferry and park pass the
door.
91 A ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
i«lu rooms; day, week or month.
J9q ELLIS— NICE~SUNNY ROOM FORC-EN-
at^O tlemen.
r^l ellis— large SUNNY room; GAS
; < *^X and buth: rent $7; private family.
J-ifth Street.
1 AQ FIFTH— SUNNY SINGLE AND DOUBLE
X\JtJ rooms to let, from $1 50 to $3 a week.
iolsom Street.
QACZ FOLSOM — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J*±\J gentlemen: gns and bath; $1 50 per week.
Fourteenth Street.
9A-:i FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD—
<«uuj rooms cheap.
Franklin Street.
1 P»l FRANK LI N-N'.CELY FURNISHED
XUXU sunny room; bath. Call before 2p. 11.
Geary Streoc.
91 71 GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
— 11-^ double room: $7 50.
'701 GEARY— iTiSUNNY AND LARGE
' -«-L doable rooms; references.
! QAI GEARY - PLEA A S TN NY , FU
Oul nished room: elegant, new, corner flat.
09- «KAR\TT, — NICELY FURNISHED
yJ-*O rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
Golden Place.
9 GOLDEN PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE
£1 aye., bet. Hvdeand Larkin sts. — Elegantly furn-
ished sunny front room; rent reasonable.
Golden Uato Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN gate AYE.— sunny fur-
uxO nished single room; reasonable.
"1 (lf\Cl GOLDEN GAl X A VK., COR. LAGUNA
X\J\J\J st.— Handsomely furnished sunny bay-
window suiu*: also single room: opposite the park.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON. NRT FOUKTH-FINELY
• • —a furnished sunny rooms; single or double ;
bath: yard; $1 a week.
9^ OX" H A RRI SON ST.— ROOMS, WATER
+*\J£dtj *ree and ashes free.
Howard Street.
O1 q HOWARD— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
OXO lor: newly furnished: also single rooms.
1 1 9QI HOWARD-$5 FOR A NICE SINGLE
XX.-CJ2 room with a large closet : bath.
Jackson Street.
IAI Q JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
j Xv/xO nished sunny front housekeeping, single;
I $5 to 8.
.1 <>!!.■» Street.
9A7 JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
JU\J I management: elegant gunny suites and
Biagle: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— FLKAS-
J\- aut gunny rooms, en suite and single; first das*
in every respect: terms reanonabla.
BSB Langton Street.
mLANGTON — NICK SUNNY FRONT
room, furnished, suitable for 2; rent low.
Larkin Street.
O(\A LARKIN ST.— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OUdb nicely furnished room; light housekeeping;
$9.
O1 Ql LARKIN st.— HANDSOME ALCOVE
Ox O2 suite suitable for 2 Kentlemen or man and
wife; light housekeeping; $12.
L.eavenworth Street.
1 £?9£. LEAVE WORTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS;
X\j£iO cheap: furnished or unfurnished. .
Locust Avenue.
1 90 LOCUST AYE.— NICE UNFURNISHED
XZ.O room; place for stove.
.Mail,,- street.
■yOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET- PER
X night, 35c to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
11 1 Q MARKET — ICELY FURNISHED
XXXO suite; floor; also single; transient.
1 P.AQ MARKET— MORE SUN NY OFFICES j
XOUO also rooms for housekeeping.
9AQ9 MARKET— PLEASANT FURNISHED
J->\JO^i room for gentleman, with bath: $8 per
month. '-::- .-. -:
Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
s-> J 2 Neatly furnished suite of sunny front rooms,
cheap.
Minn it Mreei,
q7 MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS BUIT-
-0 I able 1 or 2 persons: also single rooms: cheap.
9C Al MI NNA — 2 NICELY RNISH
JuOyj'i sunny rooms.
F.AQ MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
*J^O room; $4 month.
f'OlJ MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH-NEWLY
\)\i I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week-
transient.
aiißsion Street.
£MO MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
U.LO rooms: 6c to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
UROPK HOUSE, 1189 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
1 '-i^n MISSION^LAKOE, SUNNY, BAY-
-IOOU window room: bath; grate; private; $lv.
9^l Al MISSION— I HANDSOMELY FUR-
■£~<JX\Jii nished front room, fireplace and gas, in
private family. ■
>mtii Street.
9C NINTH-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS:
J-tO siugle or suite.
o'J-arrell Street.
"I 99 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM, NICELY
J —— furnished for gentlemen; all conveniences-
central; $7.
P.9q O'FARRELL-NICE FRONT ROOM -.
k)£*O privatetamily; good home for gentleman;
reference.
Pine Street.
m PINE— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR GEN-
tlemen; $5 and $10; quiet bouse.
Polk Street.
1 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
J- I or single; $4 to $12; also housekeeping.
Ql q POLK-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
O LO cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable for young men or
couple: also , handsomely furnished single rooms 1
gas, bath; running water. . ; *
Post Street.
p.OO POST—TO LET— FOUR UNFURNISHED
\JO\J rooms; bath and gas; In a private family.
709 POST . NEAR JONES-LARGE ROOM-
I V^j running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen. '
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
xl. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapx>er, for maUinx.
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
1-owell Street. *
99^ POWELL, COR. GKARY— ONE LARGE
___jt/ basement-room and ono sunny corner up-
stairs.
f SO4 POWELL— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FOR
*-"-' gentlemen only; fine bathroom; also front
suite; hot and cold water; central: no car fare.
Prospect Place.
91 9 PR OSPECT PLACE, BET. STOCKTON _s i
__X__ Powell, off California— Bay-window room;
front and sunny; suitable for 2: very cheap.
Sixth Street.
"lA9I SIXTH (CHANGED HANDS) — FUR-
■rl; 2 nian rooms suitable for gentlemen.
MRS. L. DEAN.
Seventh Street.
K 9O SEVENTH - 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
V_jO keeping rooms; $7.
Second Street.
O"I SECOND, TOP FLOOR — 1 LIGHT UN-
O-t- furnished room; rent cheap. G. DUNNE.
Sutter Street.
rPHE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER—
x nant rooms; Hrat-class dining-room; elevator.
Taylor Street.
"I 4Q TAYLOR — CORNER FRONT ROOM;
x ~ : -' newly furnished; suitable for 2 persons.
940 TAY LOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
■^^^ "y room for one or two gentlemen.
P. 99 TAYLOR— FURNISHED BUN-
*-*■— '■— ' ny rooms, for gentlemen.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— LARGE
sunny room; board optional.
Third Street.
TyiNCHESTER HOUHE-44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 p?r night ; *1 60 to $6 per week:
electric lights iv everr room; reading r'mjiroe bus.
990 THIRD . COLTON HOUSE— SUITES AND
_--_./ single light housakeeplng rooms; $5 up.
Thirteenth Street.
J1 Ql THIRTEENTH ST. — SUNNY FRONT
IX O2 room: gas, bath; board if desired.
Turk Street.
1 9/3 TURK —SUNNY FURNIBHED FRONT
X--'-' room ; first floor; suitable man and wife or
2 gents.
r 7 ( } r 7 BUSH — PLEASANT, SUNNY, FUR-
-1 — . I nlshed rooms; double, single, light house-
keeping; reasonable.
Valencia Street.
1 O-l^ 1 VA L CI A — SUNNY FRONT
-*- v/ ~ : <- > 3 suite, $16: also single rooms; cheap.
Van >ess Avenue.
1091 VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY, AN
1V7 — 'X elegant front suite of 3 or more connect-
lng aunny rooms; all complete.
A nVE_K : S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-V. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q9k POST, NR. HYDE— NICELY FURNISHD
KJUO large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
MINNA— FRONT ROOMS, WITH OR
"^« without board; rent reasonable; American
family.
QOQ GEARY— LAKGE SUNNY SUITE: PRI-
yU\.J vate; bath; suitable for family; fine board.
9QQ HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED BOOK
t-iUU with board; large grounds.
VTICKLY FURNISHEIJ ROOMS: UNSUR-
-Li passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; $•_•,s■_' 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
*30^mo. Hackmeier'a Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week. $16 a month, at Hackmeler's Hotel.
AC'KMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTKL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ei'i convenlpncp<.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TADY WOU LD LIKE 1 OR 2 CH ILDREN TO
i hoard ; good home. 1230 Mission st.
TWO OR THREE CHILDREN 1O BOARD;
X good care given. 1043V_ Valencia St.
pRIVATE FAMILY WOl LD WISH 2 OR
X more children to board; v mother's care will be
given. Address 5 Burritt St., off Bush, nr.Stockton.
TVTURSE WANTS INFANT OR OLDER CHILD
J-< to board: very reasonable. 2919 Sixteenth st.
TVT ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD; NOT UNDER
'" 6 years: best of care. Apply this office.
STORES TO LET. ™
4B LETTAN^r^TTSIIEX^rTH'^^Ib^M^LN"
rear, just completed, in the heart of the Mis-
sion, Valencia st., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth:
rents reasonable. Apply L. A. SOUC <fe CO,, 465
Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
TORE— NW. COR. HYDE AND PACIFIC
0 sts.; large cellar and stable; suitable for saloon,
grocery or drug store.
TjIINE STORE FOR RESTAURANT OR
X other purposes, 1189 Market st. D. R. Mo
IS I. 1 Ijlj.
1 C\t\° MISSION— FINE STORE AND CEL-
■I \J\J<) lar, 104 feet; winehouse or barroom.
STORE-SUITABLE BUTCHER OR FRUIT;
11.1 Fillmore st. ; cheap rent. Inquire rear.
fJIO LET CHEAP— SMALL BRANCH BAK-
X cry, with rooms. Twentieth, near Castro: $12.
41 ft FOURTH— SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM
.rJLU ill rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
-BSEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET.
Tl O N VKNIENT OFFICBB IN NSW BUILD-
VJ ing corner Market, Drumm and California
sts. : elevatpr, etc. ; rents low. MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market St. ■
PRECKELS ILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
THE DENTAL OFFICE OF DR. JAMEHED-
WARDS, 61/2 Kearny St., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis St.
CA L I FO R N IA~SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
J Oflices $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
STABLES TO LET.
TJEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: . 2414 CALI-
XI fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
icle huil.iing. *^_
HOTEL TO LET.
HOTKL TO LET— THE WILHELM TELL
House, 317-319 Bush St.: this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated and considerably
improved and may compare with the best second-
cla*s hotel in this town. MADISON <fc BURKE.
EDUCATIONAL.
AY KES'TTH^ITE^rJI^^H^O^THTN^COL^
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
LADY WILL GIVK MUSIC OR ENGLISH
lessons for room or board; references. E. R.,
box 78, Call Office.
Y/iRKNCH, GERMAN, SPANISH; LEARN TO
X speak: sp'c'ls2. Flood building.
1. OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMR:
J_*_day <fc night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
MRS. SNYDER, STUDIO 6ITsUT-
-l*X ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty: vocal Shakespear-
ean classes; stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w. : $3m. Maze bid, r.37.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better than in any college on earth; 6 wks; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mkt,
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
-fv private and class. 6a Hyde: terms moderate.
J-'RENCH, SPANISH, ETC.; Prof.DX FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages. 320 Post st:estab'd 1871
"JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
«* Ninth st.
___________
CPaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
-JMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O*Farrell st
■yOICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
' ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-^*- lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
: ay and evening 326 Montgomery st.
1 L SCO' S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-_» Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
i onstage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
C H OOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME-
k_> chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assa. ; cstab. 'U4. VAN DEB, NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
Heald'lFbulFiness college, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, businets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
JVTIGHTSCUOOL;UEALCHBU». CULLEGE;_4
—l Post: commercial, shorthand. EiiKlish: low ra-ei
■\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
< Bonable. I'ROF. FRANCIS. 1046 Valencia.
CIHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
V^ ham's School, cor. Gearv and Powell gts.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ..... .
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— THE
firm of LADAGNOU3 _ LEVY, known as the
"Malson Rldhe.'.' corner ;of Grant ; avenue and
Geary street, composed of ' tne undersigned, hns
this day been dissolved by • mutual < consent, ISI- !
DORE W. LEVY retiring. The business will be
continued at the same place by JUSTIN LADAG-
NOUS. who assumes all the liabilities of : the late
firm and will collect all the outstanding accounts.
Dated at Sau Francisco. April 9, 1896. ■>
JUSTIN LADAGNOUS,
ISIDORE W. LEVY.
PERSONALS.
"DEFINED PROTESTANT~WIDOW, \VITH~I
xt child of 10 years, wishes the acquaintance of
elderly gentleman; one who will appreciate a
pleasant horne v _AddresB P. H., box 145, Call.
AN EABTBBW UNJLNCUMBERED WIDOW
■£}- wishes to make the acquaintance of an flderly
widower cf some means: object matrimony. Ad-
dress J. C, Branch Call office, 116 Ninth st.
AT LINCON BROS.', CASH GROCERS,
226 Sixth St., middle of the block,
_, Between the two markets.
Bloaters, 20c dozen: 10 cans sweetbreads, $1; 20
cans sugar corn, $1; 16 cans best tomatoes *1: 20
lbs rice, $1; 26 tbs fine dried fruit, $1; 2 doz eggs,
25c; fresh Dutter, 20c roll; shoulders. 6V«c _;
choice milk, 10c can; fine flour. 85c sack: 13 cans
salmon or oysters, $1; 10 _s lard, 85c. LINCOLN
BROS.. 226 >lxth st.
WHY WILL MEN BE SLAVES TOBACCO
• ' and liquor when they can be cured without the
use of drugs or anything taken into the system?
This is not a "may be", or "perhaps." but a sure
cure that has been tried by hundreds and suc-
ceeded: cure of tobacco guaranteed; no cure no
pay. MRS. SARAH SEAL, room 8, 24 Sixth st.
DR. HARDCASTLE, DENTIST, 628 MONT-
gomery st., ia the inventor of a set of natural
teeth, which affords at a glance a life education,
favoring prevention of decay: all adults and
youths should not fail to call and see it; free.
UNDAY NIGHT LECTURE— DR. YORK
0 speaks this evenincat Scottish Hall on "Mis-
takes of Theology," and a preludeon the Christlan-
Jewish Mission: all Invited. .
TO FOLLOW THE STYLES IN HAIRDRESS-
X ing some people must call to their aid switches.
1 have them in all colors "ml all grades; good ones,
75c ana $1: hairdressing 25c. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
ANCINO FOR BALLROOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
-IV also chenllle-wove rugs, silk- rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
AUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANKLIN PANCOAST. DENTIST, RE-
moved cor. Grant aye. andO'Farrell.r. 3 and 4.
r\R. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
"INFORMATION WANTED— ADDItESS
X or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); maidsn name ALICE DROGE; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
IBEX— MUST SEE YOU; VITAL IMPORT-
ance; my address still the same; write when
you will see me. LIC.
}7> LECT R HTLIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third st-. near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $150 per ni^ht; $150 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
DVICE FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS A SPE-
dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, coll-ctions. wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
QASH CORDS, 25c EACH: CARPENTERING
O_at lowest rates. ALBERTSON. 4iy Eddy st.
rPHE LATE MADAM C. ANTIONIA FACE
X cream and dandruff eradicator. Sold only at
room 202, Spreckels building, 927 Market.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
xa. Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
fTIRY TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
X catarrh. 132 Sixth st., room 2.
HEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and paintintr. Co-operative
Paner-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
_D GOLD. SILV GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evenin.?
classes: Instructors, J. 11. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X4O, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND bT
XV vorce; lega} everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS ARE made ONLY
at 210 Steiner st.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
a»i a koom;"ca¥pets"cleaned onthe
<PX floor. 206 Leavcnworth st.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living lisht; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market St.
1 i\C\(\ CARDS, $160; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
XI 'UU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
lADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED:
■i superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD. 923 Market St.
BOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter
T IBEIVAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES AN- SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infra' cost. Factory. 20 San«nm» sr.. unstalrv
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES, $1 sT^rpTßuClT^ulTsTsrifßT^
waists, wrappers cheap; hats trimmed, 16c.
428 Sixth st.
RADLEY, MODISTE, 410 TAYLOR— ELE-
gant stylish dress, $5 up; dresses made over. |
DRESSES, $2 U P; LAWNS, $1 UP; WRAP-
pers. 35c and np. 606»4 Natoma. bet.6th <fe 7th.
~~~ LOST. ' :
T7< OX-TERRIE BITCH; BROWN SPOTS
X over eye: black spot 0:1 back; name Bessie.
Return 469b Minna St.; liberal reward.
lOST — FRIDAY, PURSE CONTAINING
J money and receipts near City|Hall. Finder re-
turn 133H/2 California St.; reward.
ORREL HORSE, WITH WHITE FACE
and large white spot on side: lost near Rich-
mond District. Return to 1110 Fell St.; good re-
ward.
T OST-LADY'S BOA; MECHANICS' pX
XJ vilion; Friday night. Return 315 Haight St.;
reward.
"I LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND LOCKET;
XJ initials C. M. Return 35 Sliver s'., reward.
I OST— ON PINE OR STOCKTON ST.,
J bunch of keys. Return 35 Eddy st. : reward.
ATCH CHARM, amond«settingl
»» monogram S. R. M.; reward. DR. MARTIN,
"Ramon."
OST-THURSDAY, APRIL 9, LOCKET PLA-
tina and gold set in diamonds. Reward for re-
turn to J. ERIKSON, Pier 7,Steuart st.
ffl» C FOR INFORMATION LEADING TO THE
f\£!U arrest of party who stole larce mastiff; name
"Nemo"; license 2333. JOSEPHS, 707 Market,
T OST— A" PASSBOOK WIT H THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MARY MCALLISTER, No. 72,290.
The liiKler will please return to bank.
. ____________
p h y bici axs .
Don't fatfTto con^-T^dlTToTuiXn~at
his museum, 1051 Market st. bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
REMOVED— R. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
IX Market st. ; tiiscasfs o? woman a specialty.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
§r UPWARD; RENT $1 60 TO $1 75
<T*J monthly; repairing 25c; bought and ex-
.tnged; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■TV rented, repaired : lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
- ________________ _____
JLEGAL NOTICES.
City and cbtmTT^ tbiuasubt! San"
Francisco, March 21, 1896.— 1n compilaucs
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public autlon by K. S.
Spear «fe Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33" Sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of sau
Francisco, as detailed in an inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knlvest etc Open for inspection on morn-
ing Of sale. A. C. IDBER,
. City and County Treasurer. -
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in and for the City and County of
Ban Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No,
13.918.
. Notice is hereby given that The San Ysldro In-
: vestment Company, a corporation iormed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that duy, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
In and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time aud place at which suld ap-
plication will be henrd.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my band
and affixed the seal of said Superior Cuurt this
12th day of March, 1896. • ■
[Seal.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officio Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tiooers.
IK T HE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsmore Water Company"
(a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
, City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to De dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20thdayof April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. _. of that day, or as 6oon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of iJepartment No
; 10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new Citvllall,
San Francisco, Cal., are appointed aa the time
: and place at which said apDllcatiou will be heard.
' In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
2th day of March, 1896.
ißeal.j C. F. CURRY, Connty Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk aud ex-omcio Deputy Clerk
_of the Superior Court. . ' . .;
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. , _ . ... {
BUSINESS CHANCES.
IS* A - BKSTAUBANT wl3rViTsBso: FINE
«3)x:*Jv/. location: good, steady, profitable trade;
a snap; to see is to buy. STAN LEY, 21% Third.
fflj 17c RESTAURANT: GOOD LOCATION;
»JpJL ■ O. low rent; receipts $11 per day; can be
doubled; great bargain. STANLEY, %\yk Third.
il; JAA CANDY -STORE AND FACTORY;
r%)-±\)\J. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
qijXAA RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION;
tiDOUU. receipts $16 per day. DECKER, IO.'O
Market st.
TpiNE FRUITSTORE: ROOMS; FURNITURE;
wagon; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
<3iPU»ll FINE BAKERY. OVEN. ETC.; $18
<?OUU. daily; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st.
Sll^n GOOD-PAYING RESTAUKANT: A
JIOK.I. bargain. E.JHEGARTY.IOO4Market.
t^or SALE-FINE SALOON WITH LARGE
X basement in busiest portion of Market st. ;
doing immense business; best reasons for selling.
Inquire of C C. HICKOK <fc CO., Real Estate
Agents, 873>4 Market st.
fflj 9 1 ) x LUNCH AND delicacy stork.
tiPZ^cl. with 3 sunny rooms: centrally located
on Geary st. C. C. HICKOK <fc CO., 7831-j Market.
€>(\(\ PARTNER IN EASY Bt3siNF>sl
*£>«JUV. $100 guaranteed per month. C. C.
HICKOK & CO., 873V 2 Market st.
<a?£»rjn RESTAURANT AND BAKERY;
(JUUU. good location; doing $20 a day; must
sell at once; big bargain. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BLSI-
X ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye
FI N WELL-PAYING INFANTS' AND
ladies' UDderwear manufactory: in fine locality
and long established; doing a big business; price
$3500; best business in the State for the money.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<s:Qnnn elegant GROCERY STORE
i£)O\J\J\J. with 2 teams. R., box 9, Call. y.'
at^nn corner grocery AND BAR;
tITOUI'. good location Western Addition: living
rooms: bargain; no agents. Address G., box 9,
Call Office. , {p.-.
108 PRINTING OFFICE, CASH $975: IN-
O Btallments, $1075. 4 California St., room 5.
ffiJ^AA COALY ESTABLISHED, PA Y-
tJpO\J\J. ing business; horses, waprons, stock,
lease: sacrificed for Immediate departure mining.
410 Kearny st.. room 10
ANTED— SMA LL MILK ROUTE SMALL
__provision-stor«. Address N. S., box 4. Call.
X\T A NT D— A PARTY' WITH FROM $3000 TO
«' £12,000; manufacturing business; plant be-
ing changed and Increased: will pay 25 percent.
Address P., box 147, Call Oflice.
roii SALE OR LEASE— 3 SUITABLE
X ranches for poultry, pigs or dairy. CONKLIN,
Bruno road, near Six-mile house; office red flag.
AIR BUSINESS FOR SALE: NEAR BALD-
win Hotel. Address H., box 105, Call.
rPAILOR-STORE, WITH GOOD TRADE, AT A
X bargain. 1213 Polk st.
I^OR SALE— A BLISHED BUTCHER-
shop. Apply 1220 Polk st.
(MGAR-STORE FOR RENT; GOOD SITUA-
J tion. 1 Polk St.. opp. Tenth.
HOESHOP FOR SALE. 2041/, LEAVES-
worth st., near Turk.
ADY WITH SOME MEANS WISHES TO
■i meet a respectable person as partner to start
some small business; restaurant preferred. 821
MisMon st., room 6.
GOOD RESTAURANT WOMAN WANTS
VJ partner; small capital. R. W., box 1, Call.
T?OR SALE OR EXCHANGE-GOOD COUN-
X try hotel; 35 rooms: live town. Lodging-
houses, businesses, all kinds property sold and ex-
cbanged. EITEL, 906 Market St.
<8?O^A STATIONERY AND VARIETY
i£)UU\J. store; rare bargain. 301 Van Ness aye.
CIHANCE SELDOM OF FERKD; ESTABLISH-
\J ed manufacturing business; half interest, $160.
8., box 22, Call Office.
O hTsalk- $250 BUTTER ROTTTE, WITH
X horse and wagon; can try it. Address B. R.,
box 22, thisoffic;.
O A LOON AND LAR(.7e DINING HALL;
0 near lngie.side racetrack: for sale cheap. In-
quire at Green Bush saloon.
GROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER COR-
VJ ner. Apply Call Office; no agents.
AL IV E~M AN WITH CASH TO CARRY
stock can secure general agency business that
pays $126 monthly. Address L. M., box 22. Call.
fflj'l PAPER ROUTE. NETS S5O PEK
<jpX^UU. month. J. C, Call oflice, Oakland.
pROCERY; 8 ROOMS UPSTAIRS; NEAR
Market; low rent; good stock. Apply Call.
C£99.^ LUNCH AND delicacy store,
iJP-j&O. with 3 sunny rooms: centrally located
on Geary st. C. C. HICKOK <t CO., 873 y 2 Market.
VOH SALE-DRUGSTORE, NEW ORLEANS
X I first-class trade: no cutting; average sules $11 .
000. Write R. N. GIRLING. New Orleans.
A LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS, TO
Jr\. rent, 109 acres of land : 17 rooms, unfurnished,
baths, beautiful location, 5 miles from Martinez,
rent $25 per month. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
MARTINKZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
-t'X reasonable; 5b rooms; in good order. D. J.
WEST, Martinez, Cal. . ■;:. .-, f - ■
T HAVE THE BEST PAYING SALOON AND
X chophouse and lodging-house in the liveliest
town in California: I will sell all or take a partner-
-1 can give good references. Call at CHAIX &
BERNARD, 207 Sixth su. S. F., Sunday or Mon-
day for information.
<fI?7XA PARTNER TO TAKE ONE-THIRD
tSP I O\J. interest in established firm ef manu-
facturers; agents handling Easiern agencies: the
above amount to be invested in the business for
the purpose of developing it: will stand the most
rigid Investigation: references. Dun or Bradstreet:
would prefer one who has had experience as a
salesman. ROBINSON, 4th floor, 933 Market St.,
9 to 10, 1 to 2, 4 to 6.
<Bil 9X BARGAIN: CENTRAL PARK RES-
«iDX U. taurant: opposite New City Hall. Ap-
ply P. McRaE. 829 Mission st. '
/ OOD x 5 LSI NESS -i BLOCKS NOKTH MAR-
VT kit; insured for $1000; will sell at a sacrifice.
F., box 42, this office.
I^OR HALE — LOW, "THE OLD NEWS
X stand," etc., 129 Seventh at.; living-rooms-
ninke an offer.
AXE OFFER; GOOD STATIONERY AND
-iX candy-store; central location. R. C. box 6
Call Office.
ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $75; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
pOOD PAPER ROUTE IN OAKjIAND FOR
VJT sale. Address W.. box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
ARE CHANCE— FOB SALK, A GOOD SA-
Xt loon; not much money required; good reason
for selling given. Inquire old Louvre, Phelan
building, between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m.
PARTNER— AND STORAGE
X good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister!
\\'boD AND COAL. YARD FOR SALE; A
» » bargain : horsos,;wiic;ons, etc ; long lease ; house
rent free; no agents. Apply Call Office.
GI YE N AWAY: FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
biHiness: account departure. 303 Third st.
OOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
VT man. FRANK C. McCANN, 122 Market st.
GREAT CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD WAGES
with from $300 to $600. Address E., box 82
Call Office.
OR SALE — A GoOD-PAYING CANDY-
X store; established 12 years; best locality; long
lease; clearing over $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full Investigation allowed.
See owner at 22 Sixth st.
HK 97 P\ FINE OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
fiP^JtU. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
VOH SALE — CHEAP; GOOD- PAY ING SA-
X loon ; owner going East. Apply 624 Sacramento.
ii '-> i \ ROUTE BUSINESS WITH GRO-
<tT>Oa\JVJ. eery-stores; clearing $200 month;
trial given. Address E. G., box 54. this office.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE;~3 LIVIrsG-
VJ rooms; rent $20. Apply this office.
T^OR RENT -SAN MATEO HOUSE AND
X bakery; 16 rooms, bakery, stable and yard;
right in the town of han Mateo. Inquire T. HIP-
PEN, San Mateo.
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
X sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office.
\\ T ronc;^Ta3Tin thhTTught place-at
»» a sacrifice: restaurant at junction and transfer
point. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st,
Tir ELL ESTABLISHED WOOD, COAL, FEED
' ' and livery stable; sickness. F.. box 16 Call.
PAPKB ,^ oute FOB SAJJS, telegraph-
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought,
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
TpOR.RENT OR SA LE-A BLACKSMITH AND
x general jobbing shop, with tools and every.
thing complete; also dwelling-house, barn, winj-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
ran for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest io>vn in California; terms easy For
AVAT r ON" a Gyroy, r Call° qUlre ° A^ A NDKR
CARPET CLEANING. ~
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
* » poor worK send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.Ttel. So 40
pONKLIN'S CARPET B HATING WORKS. 333
yj Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
GREAT EASTERN STEAM CARI'KT r'lViV
ing Works. Tel. So. 576; U &h s£ B. C »f al£
C^Tn^**^ KTt;LE ANING,RENOVA-
\J tine. 38 Bth. b IE YENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J£>n ES H C °- CARPET - -CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 25 und 27 Bth.
G?n KAT y*?! lsl^ STEASI CARPET-BEAT-
r rrnn%" ! latest Improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G. OEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
CARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE-
laid. 5c per yard. s. STRATTON, IB Eighth.
pARPE'JS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
J-,! k %S cvr r FERGUSON <t CO., 23 Tenth; teL
bonth Sb. D. MACKINTOSH &c 6., successors.
.1 ITCH E LL CARPETCLEANING CO., 240
v • i*th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
v ♦ ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
G^VFP wfl AND EEST IJT AMERICA-THB
Tir,ifl^ c. KLY CALL < sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
KKefree. .. ■_■ ___ _ .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BAUE.
AM. SPECK <St CO. HAVE MONEY TO
• loan.
10 rooms: corner: rent $35; price $250.
18 rooms; corner Geary; grand: price 200.
23 rooms, Post St.; drop in and make offp r.
115 rooms; banzain: rent $100: price $1000.
A. M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
AA-ROOil LODGING-HOUSE.
44: PRICE $700— WORTH $2000. ■
19-room bouse on Sutler st.; payments $1100
12-room house on Jlason st " 275
20 rooms on Fourth st., only.. 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st 250U
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
mo LEASE— BEAUTIFUL .LODGING HOUSE,
X 1715 Polk St., contninins 56 rooms; all modern
improvements: ihorou hly renovated: everything
comple c; rent reasonable to responsible party.
Apply MADISON <fc BURKE.
T ODGI N G-HOITsE OF 21 ROOMS FOR SALE.
XJ «32Misiion st.
1 Ai)O MARKET ST..NEAR TENTH— ROOM-
J. 'i^.O ing house, 8 rooms and bath; well fur-
nished: rent low; owner about leaving city; will
sell cheap; call and get a bargain.
URN ITUBE OF-8 ROOMS; HOUSE ALL OC-
J? cupled; cheap. 303 Fourth st.
&USS OF 7 ROOMB FOR SALE AT 761
Mission st.
I'UKNITUKE I'OK SALE.
C~uie~ap^n!ew f^rnTtTr^ oTTroom
\J llat: rent, $20. Apply 1625 V Pine st.
IMNE CHIFFONIER, WHITE-HAIR MAT
X tress, large mirror. 7 City Hall aye. ■
TMTRNITURE OF 3 ROOMS AND KITCHEN;
x cheap; good sewing-machine. 471 Tehama st.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BfcD-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779Mis»lou.
IrilßE SALE ! ™
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dlf
posed of.
Oak bed sets $13 5a
Bed lounges 8 OO
Stoves 1 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard • 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts, J.
NOON AN.
Af\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
rt\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW 875
±sedlounges trimmed with plash $SAO
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
Encllsh Linoleum, laid 400
Window shades In s colors 26c up
SHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposlta
<-rant avenue: no branch stores.
FURMTIRE WASTED,
TjP r A^?n!nf^n^KNirrriX J "FUR"NITUR."K
»> for country: pay cood price. 7 City Hal.' aye.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
« ture, suloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BOYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOKE
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth nt.
3IEDICAL.
ANEW~pROCES>S— NO MEDICINE, INBTRU-
ment or worthless pills used every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
neTer falls: perfectly harmless; free irom any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
tbe times; home in confinement. DR. tfc MKS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
f ADIKB— CHICHESTER'3 ENGLISH PEN-
XJ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
ADIES— DAUDET FEMALE REGULA-
ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'M drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
CURE CURE FOR ALiTfKMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MBS. DR. GWYEK, 226 Turk Bt.
RS. DR.WEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills *2. 419 Eddy st.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once: home in con-
finement: French pills cuarameed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
I ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKB. 1)K. SCOTT,
-i 216 Powell st. only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cnre ; diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases ot ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no churee; separata
home for patients: best skill: medical attend-
nce: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
A HOME. AFB E N AND MOTHER'S CARE.
A MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
XV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
DX, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAK
'Jones. Diseases of women end children.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrlvert.
SATURDAY. April 11.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck, 14i/fc hours from Fort
Brsgc; lumber, to Union.Lumber Co.
Importatioiiv.
SAN PEDRO— Per St Paul— l bx canned fish,
2 bbls clam extract.
East San Pedro-10 bxs lemons. 3 bbls salt fish.
Monterey— 'J cs eggs, 2 cs cheese, 4 bxs butter, 1
cs stationery.
Cayucos— B cs cheese, 18 dressed calves, 155
bxs butter. 9 cs ezgs.
San Simeon— 4 bxs fish, 17 dressed calves, 4 bxs
eggs, 2 bdls green hides, 14 tubs 108 bxs butter.
Newport— l3s bxs oranges, 160 sks corn.
Gavlota— 7 bxs butter, Ics eggs, 31 sks crawflsn.
Carpenteria— l6 sks crawfish.
Hueneme — 1 bx butter, 1 bx oranges, Ibx dry
goods, 1 bx raisins.
Santa Barbara— 69 bxs lemons, 65 cs olive oil, 8
bbls mln water, 1 bx oranges.
Lorn poo Landing— l cs dry goods, 1 bbl pickles,
68 bxs butter
Ventura— l bbl wine, 1 sk seeds, 1 cs eggs, 1 bx
bak powder. Ics eggs, 90 bxs lemons, 1 bx hard
ware, 1 bx dry goods, 2 bxs butter, 3 bis raisins,
236 bxs oranges.
Port Harford— 4B bxs butter, 9 cs eggs, 2 cs hats,
5 cs cheese, 10 bis tish, 6 sks chrome ore, Ics
hardware.
Consignee*.
Per St Paul— Gray <fc Barbieri Lewis Packing Co;
D E Allison <fc Co; II Dutard; Kohler<& Frohling;
Allen & Lewis: Wood. Curtis <fc Co: Coghill <fc
Kohn; Dodge, Sweeney <& Co; J lvancovich <£ Co;
A Levy & Co: A Paladini: Wheaton, Brton A Co:
Brlgham, Hoppe «fe Co; C E Whitney A Co: C C
Pennell; "'.Us Bros: Dairymen's Union; Gordon
<fc Co; H N Tilden&Co; Baker & Hamilton: West
ern Meat Co; Enterprise Brewery; FBUalght:
De Bernard i <fc Co; M T Freitas & Co; Geo Tay it
Co: WC Price <fe Co: Getz Bros <fc Co; Justinian
Calre & Co : Ross <fc Hewlett : Smith's Cash Store :
Norton, Teller & Co; Chas Montgomery A Co; Chi
cago Brewery: Cunningham, Curtiss «t Welch: X
Kirchmann Jt C'O;B G RiUil <fc Co; Standard Oil Co:
American Unton Fish Co: Erlanger A Galinger:
Bauer Bros & Co: Christy <fc Wise: Whitman A
Barnes: Adelsdorfer <fc Co; The Harry Unna Co; F
Uri «fc Co; Hilmer. BredhofT A Schulz: Goidtree
Bros; L D Stone A Co; L Kline &Co; W T Garratt
6 Co.
AN HONEST OOAL-DEALEB.
He Surprise* His Heavy Driver by Eas-
ing His Own Conscience.
Mr. Black, the eminent and wealthy
coal-dealer, called one of his oldest drivers
into the office the other morning and ten-
dered him quite a large sum of money,
according to London Tid-Bits.
"What is this for?" asked the astonished
driver.
"Merely a token of appreciation for
services rendered," replied Mr. Black
kindly.
"But you've always paid me well for my
services, and that was appreciation
enough."
"There is really more than that in it,"
John," continued Mr. Black. "I really
owe you the money."
"I don't understand."
"Let me tell you," and he dropped his
voice to a whisper. "You have been with
me for twenty years, working 300 days
every year, and averaging three loads a
day; that makes 18.000 loaits. You wei^h
150 pounds, John, and we have never failed
to weijrh you with every load; that makes
2,7oo,ooo pounds, or 1200 tons. This at an
average of £1 per ton, John, represents
£1200. The package you hold in your
hand contains £120, or 10 per cent, which
we think is yours by right. We are honest
men, John, and don't desire to defraud
anybody of what is justly his."
John bowed in humble submission and
is now waiting for the next dividend.
The Sultan often takes rides in the
grounds of his palace. The Sultan is a
good shot and can break a dozen vases
with a revolver while galloping past them
on horseback. Ho has always been par-
ticular as to the horses of his army and
each of the regiments which accomDany
him to the mosque are mounted on
Arabian horses of one color.NEW TO-DAY.
iSlii
IVoiice to the Republican Voters oil
San Francisco.'
Official Call fcr a Primary Election j
In That Portion of San Francisco I
Comprising the Fourth Congres- |
sional District.
—
At a meetine of the Republican Conn-y rommit-
teemen of that portion of the City and County of '
Ban Francisco embraced within the Fourth Con- ;
graaatofMl District b*ld on ihe. 3d flay of Ap 11, '
1896, the following resolutions were alopt6d: |
Whereas. The Republican state central Com- I
mitteeof the State of Culiforni.i on the '.-9th day
or February, 1896, issued v cail for ft iblican ,
Htat.e Convention, la lie held in Uie city of Bacra-
mento. State of i a '.!f >nt:.-.. <'ii the sth day of May. I
1896, and also for republican District conventions '
In an;! for the several Congressional districts of the .
Mate of California, to select delegates to the Re-
publiciMi NntiotiKl Convention ro be lieUl In st. j
l.<-u!s. Mo., on 'if 16tl .lav of June. 1 886. f.'.ul for I
the transacrion of icn oiaeriu<d further business !
rh may he brought I <>fore the said Mate and dis-
triot convei liorrs: nnd I
Whkbkah Tlii' isaid State Central Committee at j
Itsaforesaid m»e:l:i ninl In s»i<l call piovided that I
ti;e hnsis of represcutaiion in s:iid Conventions j
rhouM be at ■■•••.: one delegate for As- ,
Bemb'y district uithin i lie Congressional dis rici : I
one delegate for each StOO votf least for the Hon.
J>l. M Estee, t!>p J'.epublican candidate for Gover- !
nor in 1694, and on" delegate for each fraction Of !
100 ■ itej or over; and
Whkrkas, In accordance with the said las'-
nan'ed provision the Four h < ongrewi nal Dis-
trict 's ci, titled to sixty-seven delegates lnsa<d (<tate :
and district conventions: anl
Whehicas. i neaforeeMd Hn!o Central Commit-
t»-e. b7 a resolution duly nnd reeularlv pas=ed
further provided that th n'f-mher.* of'tljeHiate" i
C.-ntral Committee forearh Conprc-sflonal ilistrici
should constitute a committee whose dnty It I
Fhould be t<i select a Cn:i«r<'ssion:vl committee ol '
K-ven persons from the resident- ol •■.;<•!. such dls-
trict. In wl.om should be vested the power and
authority to provide for the selection of deiesates I
to the saul State and district rentiona within
their respective distric s: anu
Whkrk.as, At nu-pling of the naid roerobera of
the said State Central Committee from the Fourth '
Congressional District di:ly a:id regularly held '
within said . I is: rici. tho said committee of seven
w«sduly»ni recu!arly. selected to com] said
Congressional commute* and was invr-tsted with '■
the powers ar.d duties '.lv'egatecJ to such Con"iew-
Bfonal committee by th« B( publican -Nntioiia:
Committee and by the said fitate entral Commit-
tee: and
\Viii:npAS, The saiii t.-rissional eommittoe i
of seven, iv an<l foi tli said Fourth Congressional
I'istrlct. at a mefctii thereof ■.!,) on the 18ih dky
of Maroh, JFP6. duly adopted a ■ ation delegat-
ing to the Republican County Cc mmitteenien for i
that portion of the City Dd County or Ban 1-ran- i
cisco embraced in the Fourth Congressional ; stri.-t
the power !>.:id discretion to determine the manner
»nrt supervision of tlie selection of delegate s to the :
said ate and district conventions and to provide I
for ihe selection thereof, liy polntment or by pri-
mary electlon, as In their discretion shall seem
best. BUbJpet. however, to tho supervision ol said
Concessional committee of seven. Now, therefor- ;
tx»H
Rssolxrd, That the Republican County Commit- I
teemon of the City and County of Francisco
fmhr.icei! within the Fourth Congressional District,
•ctine under and Inpnranance of its aforesaid au- i
thonty, do hereby order and call a primary elec- I
tion to be held In th^City and County of San Fran- !
cisco, that portion thereof embraced within the i
Fonrth Congressional District, on the 15th duv of
April. 1898, for the onrpose hereinafter specified. |
In accordance with the laws governing primary
elections as prescribed by the Political ana Penal !
Codes of the -?tate of California.
Resolwd, [•hat said primary election shall he
reld on the 15th day of April, 1836, the polls to be |
kept open continuously between the hours of one :
(1) o'clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon :
of said dny.
Resolved, That there shall he two polling-places ]
in each Assemb.y district In the City aud County '
of s,an Ira -Cisco embraced within the said Fourth
Congressional District, and that for each of said
polling-places tbe board of election shall consist Of •
one Inspector, tno iudges and two clerks.
Rejiolved, Tha" the polling-olaces must been the
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as 1
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free !
and uninterrupted inirress must be given in each
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat, I
and also to such representative or a'ternate of ,- cii \
Bet of candidates that may b* voted for at each !
polling-place shall present the credentials here-
inafter provided for to the board of election at euch
polltn^-place.
Resolved, That printed cards of aimission to each
of the polling-places shall be (riven to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must he in wr ting and I
6igned by a majority of the candidates on each set
oi tickets. The cards of a-.laii.-jsion snail be signed
by the chairman and secre:nry of ihis committee
and shall contain the name ot the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it is in-
i»r.!e<i to b-- used. The otlicers of election' n. .v
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place ty-t'.re
the open;nu of the poll* and to remain there
until the canvnsn is completed and all tbe re urns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election o:licers to
ndmit such persons holding e:irr\s of admission to
the polling-place, such person i:.u.y call upon the
police officers detailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such po ice ctii.-^r may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the pollin^-
f'laee. The Chief of Police is requested to give
nstrctions to his ofticers to enforce this resolu-
tion. Persons ho din? cards of admission maybe
relieved by a duly ap|-o:t;tecl and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the first regular represeatutive upon pre-
sentation of the card of admission Issued to tne
■aid original representative.
Retolvtd, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in froni of any
rolling-place, but that the said polling-place shall I
be free from all obstructions, as they are at general !
elections, and we hereby give not ice't no returns i
will be received or counted as official irom any !
rolling-place where this provision has been I
violated.
Resolved, That the oflicial ballot-box at each poll-
ing-place must remain in plum unobstructed !
view from the opening to the close of the polls, i
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main inside the polling-place and .In such position
that they can at all times witness unobstructed I
the reception of the ballot from the voter and ihe
ilepooititig of the same iv the ballot-box by the in-
spector or judge of elections who receives the bal-
lot .
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or sollclt-
Ingof voles shall be permitted within 100 feet of
the polls, and tbe committee requests the police
Boers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall cot be construed
to apply to tbe presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
tbowlngtbe boundaries of its various precincts,
ahall be posted in a conspicuous place outside of
tne polllDg-places.
Retolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws of the btate governing gen-
eral elections this committee her-bv directs and
orders that ti:e following and additional test be
given lo voters: "I believe in Republican princi-
ples and Indorse the Republican policy, &aC intend
lo support the nominees of the Republican party."
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and
provide for each polling-place a ballot-box, such as
is used at the gtneral elections, and also at least
two copies of the precinct register, embracing tl.e
boundaries of the Assembly iJt.trict, and for each
particular pollinij-place one copy of such precinct
renter must remain ai all limes Inside of the
poiling-place and retained br the election board
for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name
of the voter appears on such precinct register, and
to place a check opposite the name of the voter
after h» has voted.
Retolvfii. That for sam primnry election only the
printed precinct resistor* u-e,i at the general elec-
tion held In .-\ov«--nih*r. 1H94, shall be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not api^ar in the precinct register In one of
the precincts within the polling districts of the
A ssembiy district in which he oders to vote
Rexolied, That the delegates elected from the
City and county of s«n Francisco. In and for said
Congressional District, at said primary election
•ball be and they are hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet in said State Convention and in
said District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call of tbe Natioual Republi-
can ommittee and tbe Republican iState Central
Committee.
Rf'ili-td. That in pursuance of the provisions of
thi- call of the Republican National Committee
and ot the Republican State Central Committee
the election of delegates (o the said State and Dis-
trict conventions will be he d In and by Assembly
districts. Kach Assembly district of the said City
and County of San Francisco within said Fourth
Congressional DtatCtOC is to elect the nutiib' r ot
delegate* bereinuftt-r provided. '
Rftolvtd, That the number of delegates to be
seier-t d irom the several Assembly d sUrlctaof the
City and County of San Francisco emlira'-ed wl:h.
in said Fourth' Congressional District and appor-
tionment thereof is as follows:
Twetuy-eiga b Assembly District— Fve (5) dele-
gates.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— Five (5) dele-
gtLlet.
TLlrtleth Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-first Assembly District— six (6) delegates.
Thlriy-second Assembly District— Four (4) dele-
gates.
Thirty-third Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-ninth Asbcmbly District— Nine (9) dele-
gates.
Forty-second Assembly District— Eight (8) dele-
gatea.
Forty-third Assembly District— Seven (7) dele-
. gates.
Forty- Jourth Assembly District— Six (6) dele-
gates.
- Kor:y -fifth Assembly District-Five (5) dele :
gates.
The number of d»lepatrs so apportioned mnst
be voted for by AssembTj districts.
rßantvea, i v: . all ballots voted at the primary
elect!onraasl be twelve Inches in length and 6ix
inches wide. l);.. paper shall i>e of apinjtcolor,
and shall be in the type required by the election
laws now in force, i»rid uord<-d us follows:
" Assemby District .
for " HRVBQHSi
Delern'es -a Kepnb'.lcan Kinte Convention, Riid
Kepul District Convention lor the Fourth
Conpression.-.l District."
Numbers u> be f»llow«4 consecutively according
to. thf miiiiiiiT of delegates to which each Assem-
bly uistriet may be entitled.
Jlnolvcd, Xbai the Uroe and manner ot the pub-
llrKtioii of the notice of said prlmor- election shall
h« by publishing the entire i-*ll for said primary
ek-ctiou iv a newspaper of general circulation puii-
NEW TO-DAT.
lishedinthe City and County of San FrancWco.
for least (ive days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election is to be held.
Retolvi i. That within one tiour after the canvas 8
of the vote at each po.liu^- place, and when all ihe
returns have been properly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must b.' bioushtin jirouerly sealed packages
by one of ihe election board desl-.'iiated by th
board for that .purpose, to the chairman of this
commute?, at the place previously deslg nated for
th»\t purpose. The chairman of this mittce
shall mark ou each packege received by h lm the
day and hour of Its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party from whom be receives the
package. The chairman of this committee shall
lake ail necessary care and precaution for the safft
Keeping of all puckages delivered to him and keep
them in his cus o'ly ii.taci and unopened until the
tim designated for the opening and canvassing of
tlif returns.
Rrtolved. That this committee he and is hereby
constituted a returning m.d canvassing board to
op?n the reti'ins from each polling place, foot, up
tlie leturns KEd the total cumber of votes cast for
cich candidate lor de'.esnte to saifl Slate and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shull meet in
said City of >an Francisco in tho evening of the
day on which ,-a:d primary election is held to open
»nd canvass the said returns and continue in ses-
s'ou until all the returns from each aud evervpoll-
lng-nlace have been lolly canvassed. After the
returns have been completely cauvass?d they
sh-ill be certified by this committee to the Co-
n committee of seven in and for the said
Fourth Congressional District, which will act as a
r 'turning board thereon and will certify the result
thereof to the aforesaid Sti.te and district conven-
tions. The said meerings of this committee shail
be public.
j.fs I';-..;, That in all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fail to vote for trie apporiion-
ment ol delegates to which they may be entitled,
or where irnud »t tiie s:ii>l primary flection is
proven beyond question to this committee, then
this committee shall have power to Jippo.nl the
delegates lo represent s<jd district in snid stnt-e.
and disirict convent and 6hall certify their
said appointment, to tlie said Congressional com-
mittee of seven In and for said district.
Rftotrcd, That the committee hereby insists that
a free hihl unirammeled ballot and an honest
count must becaniedont a:;<l rigidly enforced at
said primary i •Qtian: that ail attempts to deviate
from this principle Miouid be dlscouutenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties t! ereto sl>ould
be <iisi>. ired irom said an*! nil other conventions,
and tnat it it -i,:i!, appear at any polling-plnce tbsit
there is or has been any iraud or wrong committed,
or the rights of any citizen to cast his free ami un-
traimneied ballot and to have the same honestly
counted has been in any way interfered with, this
cominiiU'e will set aside and declare null and void
the election ;:t said polling-place, ami shall proceed
10 provide tiie representation lo which sa.d di^ir.ci
is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
Tha c.i c- ion (''•' ers In tins call provided for will
r'-c-,-,. -.:-.;: credentials, el-ction paraphernalia,
at the rooms of tins committee.
All ttck< to be voted for at said primary elec-
tion Khali be filed with the secre;ary of com-
mittee on or beiore 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
J.<. 11-91}, and all vo e>CMt at .saiit primary elec-
tion for persons other liau persons whose names
appear uj on one or more of such tic kets shall be
counted hs scattering:
TUe Assembly districts within the Fourth Con-
gressional Di-urlct are divided into polling districts
and polling places therefor ti -<i a< follows:
'jPwanty-eighjb District— Polling-Dlace No. 1, 122
second street; precincts 7 to to Inclusive. I'cii-
ing-place No. 2, 415 Folsom street; j.recinct3 1 to
ti iuclusjve and 16, 17, IS.
Twenty-ninth District — Polling-place No. 1,
728^6 .Howard street: preciuc;s '-, 5, 6. 7, 10, 11,
14. if). 17. 18. Polling-place No. 2, 810 Howard
street; precincts 1, 3, 4, 8, 9. 12. 13, 16, 19.
Thirtieth District— Polling- placa No. 1, 1006
Howard; precincts 1,2, S, 4. 5. t>, 7. 17.
l'oliini;-p;ace No. 2, 10'Jl Howard: precincts 8
to 16 Inclusive.
Thlr y-flrsl District— Po;iing-p!r.ce No. 1, 1203
Mission; precincts 1 to 7 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 13G7 Folsom: precincts 8 to
17 Inclusive.
Thlrty-st-cor.d PlfT.rict— Polline-plsce No. 1, 502
Third; precincts 1 to 0 inclusive and 12.
Polling-place No. 2, 1040 Kentucky; precincts
10.11, IS, 14. 15.
Thirty-third District— Po'.'ine-P^ace No. 1, 225
Twenty-fourth: precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Pollinc-place No. -J, southeast, corner Kentucky
and sierra: precincts 7 to 14 inclusive.
Thirty-ninth Distv ct— Poillng-place No. 1, north-
west corner Polk and Hayes; precincts 1 to 9 in-
clusive.
PoUing-piaee No 2, 1019 Larkin; precincts 10 to
17 inclusive.
Forty-secnnd District— Polling-place No.l, 209
Ellis: precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
i ollinsvplace No. 2, 1339 California: precincts 7
to 14 inclusive.
Forty-third JPolling-place Xo. 1. Califor-
nia all, liusii, Dear Powell; preciccts Btol6 in
elusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 12S O'Farrell; precincls 1 to
7 inclusive.
Forty-fourth District— Polling-place Xo. 1, 440
Green: precincts 1, 2, 3. 4, 9. 11, 12, 13 and 14.
Polling-pa ' No. 2, 604 Lombard; precincts 6.
6,7,8,10,15.16.17.
Forty-lit District— Polling-place N0.1— 520 Bat-
tery: precincts ! to 8 Incuiaive,
Polling- ulace No. 2. northwest corner Battery
and Green: precincls 9 to 17 Inclusive.
By order oi said committee.
.1. M. CHRETIEN, Chairman.
P. J. Wai.sh. Secretary.
Dated April 3, 1896.
■•
Official Call for a Primary Election
In That Portion of San Francisco
Lying Within the Fifth Congres-
sional Distriot.
At a meeting of the Republican County Commlt-
teemen of that portion of the City and County of
San Francisco embraced within the Fifth Con-
gressional District held on the 4th day of April,
1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
ffHimii The Republican State Central Comm-
ittee of tlie State of California on the 29th i!;iv
of February, 1596, issued a call for a Republican
Statp Convention, to be held in the city of sacra-
mento, state of California, on the sth day of May,
1896. and also for Republican District conventions
11 and for the several Congressional districts of tha
State of California, to select delegates to the Re-
publican National Convention to be he.d in St.
Louis, Mo., on the 16th day of June, 1896. and for
the transaction of such other and further business
as may b- brought before the said State and di.v
trict conventions; and
Wiikbeas, The said State Central Comroitte» at
its aforesaid meeting and iv said call provided that
the basis of representation in said conventions
should be as follows: One uelegate lor each As-
sembly district within the Congressional dis'ric::
< n-^ deiez:ite for each 200 votes ccs; '.or the Hon.
-ii. M. Estee. the Repub ican candidate for Gov-
ernor in 1894, and one cieleaiue for each fraction
of 100 votes or over: and
Whkkkas, In accordance with the «aid In&t-
named provision the Fifth Congressional district
is entitled to fifty-Ove delegates in said Slate aLd
district conventional and
V,"hkrkas, The aloresald State Central Com-
mittee, by n reso.ulimj d;ily and regularly passed,
further provided that the members of the Ki«»te
Central Committee for each Congressional Dis-
trict thould constitute a committee whose duty it
should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the residents of each such c l . is- I
trict. in whom should be vested the power and au-
thority to provide fur the selection of delegates to
the said state and district conventions within
their respective districts: aud
Whereas, At a meeting of the said members of
the said btate Central Committee frorq the Fifth
Congressional District duly and regulany held
within said district, the said committee of Feven
was duly and regularly selected to compose said
Congressional committee and was invested with
the powers and duties delegated to such congres-
sional committee by the Republican National com-
mittee and by the said State Central Committee;
and '
Whereas, The said Congressional committee
of seven, ia and for the said Fifth Congressional
District, at a meeting thereof held on the 17th day
of March, 1896, duly adopted a reso ution delegat-
ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
that portion of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco embraced in the : ifth Corgressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selecti'-n of uelezates to the
said State and district conventions an i 10 provide
for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri-
mary election, as in their discretion shall seem
best, subject, however, to the supervision of said
Congressional committee of seven. Now, there-
fore, be ft
Retolved, That the Republican County Oommit-
teemen of tbe City and County of San Francisco
embraced within the Fifth Congressional District.
acting under and in pursuance of its aforesaid
authority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held In tbe City and Connty of San
Francisco, that portion thereof embraced within
the Fifth Congressional District, on the lfith day
of April, 1896, for the purposes hereinafter speci-
iied, In accordance with the laws governing
primary elections as prescribed by the Political
and Penal Codes of the state of Catifornia.
Retolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the lfjtb day of April, 1896, the polls to be
kept opeu continuously between tbe hours of one
(1) o'clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon
of said day.
R**olved, That there shall be two polling-places
In euch Assembly district in the City aud County
of Han Francisco embraced within the said Fifth
Congressional DUtrici, and that for each of said
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
■and uninterrupted Ingress must be given in ewh
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat,
and nlao to su h representative oralternate of each
set of candidates that may be voted for at each
polllng-plnce as shall present the credentials hf re-
inaftf-r provided tor to the board of election at
such poliiu«-place.
R'tolvcd,Tha.i printed cards of admission to each
Of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The gald request must be iv writ in' aud
signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
of tickets. The cards of ndmisslou shall be signed
by the chairman and secretary of thia committee
and shall contain the name of tho party ent lied to
admission and the polling-place at which it in in-
tei.ded to be used. Tne otliceis of election may
give permission to sail persons presenting said
cards of ail mission to enter the polling-place beiore
the opening of the polls ami to remain there
until the canvass is completed mil all the returns
ur«« properly; signed and sealed np, In the event
of the fnilure on the part or the election ofticers to
admit. such persons holding cards of admiS3iou to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police ofiicers detailed for such duty at such poll-
iiig-p'acc, und such police officer rnav use all law-
fiil mean* to take such person ins'dc. ihe polliug-
plaee. The Chir»f of I'olice is requested to give
in.i '.ructions to his officers to enforce this resolu-
tion. Persons holding cards of admission may be
relieved by a duly appointed end autliorized alter-
nate, v.ho'sha'l nave the same rights uud privi-
leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
sentation of lilt' card of admission issued to the
said original representative.
Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall bo erected or maintained iv truni of any
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
NEW TO-PAY.
polling-place, hnt that the said po'.lins?-p!aces shall
be free from all ols nictfotrs, hs- they »re at gen-
eral elections, and we hereby g ye notice that no
arns will be received or couiued as ofiicial from
any po! ling-place where this provision 1 a- been
violated.
Resolved, That the oflicial ballot-box at each
polling-place must r»main sn a plain unobstr'ice<l
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
und b so placed thßt the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main inside th" polljng-place and in such position
that they can a' all times witness unobstructed
the reception of the bnilot from tho voter anl the
depositlngof the same in the ballot-box by the in-
ep-ctor or judge of . elections who receives the
b.ulot.
Rr,solv<d, That no peddling of tickets or. solicit-
inr of votes shall be penrritted within 100 feet of
the polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at ail times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
RetiUved, That, an otlicial map of the district
sr:owinK the boundaries of its various precincts
shuil oe posted in a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places.
j;,s,.i,r,i. That in addition to all other grounds of I
challenge in the laws of the State governing gen- i
eral elections this committee hereby directs and I
orders that the following and additional te.n be
given to voters: ''I believe in Republican princi- I
pies and indorse the Republican pO'.lcy, and intend
to support the nominees of the Re-iub,ican party."
| Retotved, That, this committee hiiull procure and
provide i'cr each polling-place a ballot-box, such as
is used at tbe general elections, and, also, at least
two copies of the proclnct register, embracing tho
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each!
particular polling place one copy of such precinct ,
register must remain at all times Inside of the
polling-place and retained by the eltction board ,
tor the purposes of ascertaining whether the name i
of the voter appears on such prfdnct renter, an 4 !
to p'.ncf a check opposite the name of tlie voter !
afte:- he has voted.
Resolved, That for said primary election only the
printed precinct regislers used at the general elec-
tion held In November, 189-J. shall be used, and
no person shall be permitied to vote whose name
does not rppenr in the precinct recister in one of
of tbe precincts within the polling district of the
Assembly District in winch ho oners to vote,
Resolved, That the delegates elected from the
City and County of San Fiancsco, in and for said
origreBsional District, at Baid primary election,
shall be and (hey are hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet in said Stme Convention and in
said .District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call of the National Republi- !
can Committee and tho Republican 6tate Central j
Committee.
KctotVed, That in pursuance of the provisions of ;
thecall of the Hebublican National committee |
mm of the Republican 3:ote Central Coromiuee, the |
election of ueie-- at es to trie Said State and district
conventions will be held In and by Assembly '
districts. Kach Assembly district of the said City
and County of San Francisco within said Fifth
Congressional District is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
selected from the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of .^an Francisco embraced
within snid Fifth Congressional District and ap-
portionment thereof is as follows:'
Thirty-fourth Assembly Pislrict, eight (8) dele-
•-'.■'■ B,
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, six (6) delegates.
Thirty-sixth Absembiy District, seven (7) dele-
gates.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Fortieth Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
Forty-first Assembly District, niue (9) delegates.
The number of delegates so apportioned must be
voted for by Assembly districts.
■Retolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
election must be twelve inches in length and six
Inches wide. The paper shall be of a pink color,
end shall be in the type required by the election
laws now in force, and worded as foifo'vs:
" Assembly District
for
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District Convention for the Fifth
Congressional District."
Numbers to ne followed consecutively according
to the number of Jeie^atea to which each Assembly
District may be eutitled.
Resolved, That tlie time and manner of the pub-
lication of the notice of naid primary election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
lish d in the City ar.d County of San Francisco,
for at least five days prior to and including said,
day on which the primary election's to be he,d. ,
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-plnce, and when all the
returns have been pro erly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly sealed packages
by one of tue election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of this committee j
shall mark on each package received by him the
day and hour of its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party from whom he receives the
p&ck&se. The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for the saf«
keeping oi all packages delivered to him and keep
them in bis custody intact and unopened until the |
time designated for the openiLg and canvassing of
tho returns. . -..**• . .. •
Resolved, That this committee be and Is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes cast for
each candidate for delegate to avid State and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet in
said City of san Francisco In the evening of the
day on which said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said return's and continue in ses-
sion until all the returns iroin each ana ev^rypoll-
ing-place have been fully canvassed. Af.er the
returns have been completely canvassed they shall
be certilied by this committee to the Congressional
committee of seven in and for the said Fifth Con-
gressional District, which will act as a returning
bOdrd thereon and will certify the result thereof to
the aforesaid fc-ta;e and District conventions. The
said meetings of this committee shall be public.
Resolved, That iv all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fail to vote for tha ap;onlon-
rpent of delegates to which they mr.y 1,0 elititled.
or where fraud at the saM primary election is
proven beyond question to this commute?, theu
this committee shall have power to appoint the
delegates to represent fcaid district in said Kt.>.te
and district conventions, and shall certify their
said appointment to the said Congressional com-
mittee of seven In and for said district,
Jtexolved, That this committee hereby insists that
a free »n<i untrammeled ballot and an honest
count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
said primary election: that all attempts to deviate I
from this principle should be discountenanced, and j
that those guilty O' rraiula or piirlies thereto should |
be dlstarred trom said mid all other conventions, j
and Lli.it ii it shall appear at nuy DOWsC-place that
there is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
or the r.ghts of any cttllHHl to cast his free end uu-
trammeled ballot and to have the same honestly
counted has been In any way interfered with, this
committee will set, aside ana declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
ii entitled In saUl convention, a* above set forth.
The election officers in this call provided for will
receive their credentials, election paraphernalia,
at the rooms of this com mittce.
All tickets to be voted for ut said primary elec-
tion shall be riled with the secretary of thia com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
KS, IH')(5, and all votes «ast at, said primary election
for persons other than persons whose names ap-
pear upon one or more of such tickets shall lie
counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the Fifth Con-
gressional istrict art; divided into polling districts
and poll in* places therefor fixed as follows:
Thirty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1. 1733
Mission; precincts 1 to 10 inclusive. Polling
place No. '2, 33ti Nineteenth street, ne.&r Valencia;
precincts 11 to 19 inclusive.
■'1 hirty-flfth District— l'oliing-place No, 1, 641
Twenty-fourth street, near Valencia: preciucts 2,
3, 4, 5, 6 and 7. Polling-place No. 'J. 11506 Valen-
cia street: precincts 1, H, 9, 10. 11. 12. :
Thirty-sixth District— i'ollin;; place No. 1, 845
Seventeenth; precincts 1 to 8 inclusive.
Polling place No. % I— Twenty-fourth and Castro :
precincts 9 o 16 inclusive.
Thirty-seventh District— Polling place No. 1,
300 Gough (Republican Wigwam); preciucts 1 to 9
Inclusive. :
Polling-place No. 2 — Northeast corner of Oak
and Devisadero streets; precincts 10 to 18 inclu-
sive.
Thirty-eighth District— rolling-place No. I, north-
cast corner of Gough and McAllister streets; pre-
cincts 1, Si, 3, 4, f\ 7, 8, 9.
J'oiling-place No 2—1703 Eddy, near Pierce;
precincts 6, 10, 11, 12, 18, 14, 16.
Fortieth District— Polling-place No. 1, north-
east corner Post and L&guna streets; preciucts 1,
a, 3, 4.5, 6. 7, B,'ie.
I'oliing-plaoe Xo. 2— Northeast, corner of Sutter
and Devisadero; precincts 9 to 15 inclusive.
orty-rirst District— Polling-place No. I— North-
east corner Pacific and Polk; precincts 1 to 10 In-
clusive.
Polling-place No. 2— Union and Stetner; pre-
cincts 11 to 16 inclusive.
By order of said committee.
ARI.F.s W. MANWARING, Chairman.
JOHN JACKSON, Secretary.
Dated April 4, 1896.
PROPOSALS.
FOR THE
STATE INSANEASYLUM
AT AGNEWS.
Commencing Slay 1, 1896, and Ending
September 30,. 1896.
"VrOTICK IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
JL\ proposals wili be received' at theofliceof the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum At Agnens, No. 32 Kast Santa dura
street, San Jose, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL, SI, 1896, and at the Asylum at
Agm-ws up to 10:30 o'clock a. m. of WEDNES-
DAY, APRIL 22. 1896 (Asylum time), for furnish-
ing supplies for said Asylum for the six months
commencing May 1, 1896, and ending September
30, 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
scbeaulo, and to be delivered as ordered: ■ • --,- ~?
Groceries. -
60G0 pounds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen K:i- h Brick.
ICOO pounds Crackers, Soda, net weight.
.250 pouuds Cora Starch, : Kingsford's, 1-pound
papers. '■ ■ s- • ■ : , , ■'■■-. • . ■ - ;
4UO pou 1 ds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Caudles, Htcaric Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounces.
60 gallons COftl OU, J5O degrees test
PROPOSALS— Continued. .-
-43 pounds Clioco!,-ite, Eagle. 1-pound papers.
100 pounds Germea.
3000 pounds Hominy, larjte.
15 gross Matches, Diamond Match Co. 'a three
noes. Safety. :■ ,-.
4 aozen bottles Lucca Oil, quarts, Cross & Black-
well. .
2 dozen bottles Olive Oil. Quito farm, Goodrlch's
lars;e.
600 ponnds Pearl Barley, No. 3.
800 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed. In barrels.
3 boxes Kaisins, S-cro-.v:i loose, 50-pound boxes.
5000 pounds Rice, Sandwich Islands, No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Peas. •
9000- pounds Sugar, dry cranulated, extra fine.
15,000 pounds Sugar, Golden C.
200 pounds Sugar, cube.
iiOO pounds Su.ar, powdered.
I'JOO gallons byrup, Golden, 30 gallons to the
barrel.
72 ponnds Sodix. Bi-curbonate, 1-pound papers.
500 pounds Tapioca, Hake.
! _00 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Suuce,Lea <fc Per-
rin's. pints,
- 6 cases Oysters, 12 ounces, No. 1, Farren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli.
1000 pounds Macaroni, white. No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net.
000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net, '.' :-s _____
Canned Goods.
10 cases Canned Apricots, standard, gallons.
10 cases Canned Corn. Wlnslow's.
10 cases Canned Peaches, standard, gallons.
3 cases Jellies, assorted.
Dried Fruit.
2000 pounds Dried ApplPS, sliced, Xo. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached, No. 1
100 pounds Dried Currants. Zante, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Peaches, bleached, No. 1
3000 pounds Dried Prunes, California French, 60
to 7C. _____
Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc.
3000 pounds Coffee, Java.
4000 noundit Coffee, Guatemala.
lh'oo pounds Chicory.
500 pounds Tea, A. Schilling . <fe Co's Popular
No. 4.
1500 pounds Tea. Diamond M., E. B. Congou.
No. I_.
600 pounds Baking Powder, Pioneer or Golden
Gate, 6-pound ci»ns.
50 pounds cinnamon, ground. A. Schilling <fc
Co's best. 3-pouud cans.
20 pounds Ginger.ground. A. Schilling <fe Co.'s
best. 3-pound cans.
100 pounds Mustard, ground. A. Schilling <fc
Co.'s best. 3-pound cans.
250 pounas Pepper, black, ground. A. Schilling
<fc Co.'s best. 3-pound cans-
-2 aozen bottle> Kxtract of Lemon. A. Schilling
& Co.'s best triple. 32-ounce bottles.
2 dozen bottles Extract ot Vanilla. A. Schilling
A Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
- Fresh B»"of. Mutton, Etc.
100.000 pounds. Fresh Beef, No. 1, all steers,
from 600 pounds to 700 pounds, delivered Id sides'.
6000 pounds No. 1 Fresh Mutton, delivered
whole.
3500 pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal, dressed, delivered
whole,
Soil Butter.
2600 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter.
Kee Butter.
10,000 pounds First class California Kec
Butter. *
. 4000 dozen Fresh California Eggs.
Potatoes.
110,000 pounds No. 1 Burbank Potatoes.
Ham*, Baron, T^ard and Pork.
600 pounds Br.con, Light Breakfast, bidders to
State brands. . . c - '"' .
2800 pounds Hams, bidders to state brands.
3 000 poundn Lard, Pure Leaf, in tierces.
B barrels Salt Pork, extra clear-
Salt Finn.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 tish or less ta case, ladt
catch.
fi half-barrels Mackerel, No. 1, 100 pounds net
each barrel.
Fresh Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, No. 1 assorted.
Salt.
8000 pounds Fine Dairy Salt.
Flour, Grain, Eto.
000 ponnds Ground Barley.
6DOO pounds Corn MeaL
COOO pounds Oat Meal, extra,
6000 pounds Cracked Wneau
'-'5,000 ounds Bran.
3 barrets Rolled Oats. ■■*■'* ~. ■'■■■
600 barrels Flnnr, bakers' extra,
2400 pounds Graham Flour.
6000 pounds Wh ut.
Chewing Tobaoco.
fOO pounds Drummond Tobacco Company's
Horse bhuo.
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
SSO pounds Plug Cut, in 1-pound packajes; bid-
ders to submit samples.
6 gross Clay Pipes, i. D. .. -„,..
Soap, t-j'e and Soda.
125 boxes of Star o; Kitchen Soap, 20 bars to
the box.
'JO boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 bars to
the box. . "..-," >
1500 pounds Laundry Soap, Tischer's.
200 caus Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans.
Laundry Supplies.
1 case Chloride of Lime. 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Sodu. 24 ten-p.iuud cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, 1_ twenty-pound cans.
6 pounds Blueing, Aniline K.
850 pounds Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand
200 pounds Wheat starch, n'ftv-pouud boxes.
25 pounds Japan Wax.
2000 pounds Sal t-oda.
Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amoskear, A. O, A., 38
inches wide.
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 Inches wide.
300 yards Denims, Pearl Kivcr Indigo Bine, 28
inches wide.
£00 yards sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unbleached.
100 yards Pequot, 6-4 b',eachod,
300 yards Pequot, 7-4 bleached.
500 yards Pequot, 7-4 unbleached.
300 yards Muslin, Lonsdale, 36 Inches wide
■ 200 yards Prints, 32 Inches wide.
100 yards Ginghams, Anioakeag, staple, assorted
colors. . - ::v ■-• ■
2 dozen Corsets, large size.
6 dozen Corset Steels.
2 dozen Steel Thimble*, larse sizes.
6 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
50 pounds Darning Cotton.
6 dozen Bedspreads, white.
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
lOdozen Comhs, dress.
6 dozen Conihs, fine.
125 dozen Clark's O. N. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
nnu.bers and colors.
6 dozen Handkerchiefs, ladles'.
20 dozen Handkerchief!*, men's Turkey red, 24
Inches.
6 dozen Hairpins, K. A 8., assorted. No. 100.
M 5 dozen pair Ladles' Hose, cray mixed.
1000 dozen Needles, Mlllward's assorted sizes.
2 gross Pins. Wallace A Sons, No. F. S. C, 3V_
20 gross Buttons, pants. ■
6 gross Uutioni, horn, coat and vest.
_5 gross Butions, agate, dress aud shirt, No. 40.
Clothing.
100 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Socks. -
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton tlanuel lined leer
SO to 34, waist Bil to 44. "»«••««
8 dozen pair Huspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Krnslies.
4 dozen Hair Floor Brushes.
■Jiln/en Counter Brushes.
5 dozen Scrub Brushes.
1 dozen shoe Brushes.
8 dozen Combination Mop Handles.
lirooms.
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind, No. 1, F.xcelsior.
1 dozen Whiak Brooms, 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates, 8-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates. 8-inch.
3 dozen Vecetable Dishes, 9-lnch.
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch. "
6 dozen Sauce Dlsh.es, small.
12 cloeen Cups and Saucers.
6 dozen Glass Tumblers.
Tin-ware.
6 dozen Galvanized Iron Buckets, 3 gallons, No.
24 iron.
5 dozen Galvanised Iron Chambers, RSi-jnoh
top, 7-inch bottom. 6V a Inches high, No. 26 Iron.
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin.
1 dosen tin Coffee Pots, 8 gallons, XXX tin. 'V
1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans. 2 gallons, XX tin.
1 dozen Soup Cans, 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
"Wood.
200 cords Pine Wood. Said wood shall do: be
nnder 6 inches or over 10 Inches In thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1. .
' ■■ ' - ■ ■
Kn?lne-Rooin Coal.
160 tons Engine-Room Coal. 2240 pounds to tbe
ton. Bidders specify kin:i and quality.
TO be delivered In carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. ____,' : *
■ ■•, "J: Gas Coal. : . ■.. ■ .. ,,
100 tons Gas Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered iv carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales.
Range Coal. , ...'.■
40 tons screened coal. 2240. pounds to the
ton. Bidders ciiy kind and quality.
. To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. "'
The above-named articles are all to be of th«
best qualities, subject to . tha . approval of the
Medical- Director, and to be delivered at tbe
Asylum at such pnv-s and In such quantities as he
may desire. And it is expressly understood that
If a greater or less quantity of any article than
above mentioned shall be required by the Medical
Director, the same shall |be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price. -' * ...
• The contracts will be awarded to the * lowest
responsible bidder. and no bid will be received or
considered unless ' accompanied ■ by a certified
check in an amount equal to 10 per cent of thp bid
or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
10 ihe people of tne State of California as sui Led, ,
... . ..... - . •■• . , . j ....-■
.'■■. PROPOSALS—
fixed and liquidated damages In case the bidder to
wnoru, the award of contract is made shall fail or
refu«« to enter into such contract and furnish buch
bonds for the faithful performance cf the same as
the Beard of Trustees may require within flvu
days ' after iucb award. Supplies only to be ie-
ceived between Ba. m. and 4r. m. Separate bias
will be received for — "
GROCERIES.
MACARONI AND VERMICELLI.
CANNED GOODS.
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE, TEA, SPICES. ETC.
FRESH BEKF, MUTTON, ETC.
ROLL BUTTKK.
KRG BUTTER.
EGGS.
POTATOES.
HAMS, BACON, LARD AND PORK.
SALT FISH.
FRESH FISH.
SALT.
FLOUR, grain, etc
CHEWING TOBACCO.
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPE 3.
SOAP, L V AND SODA.
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING.
BRUSHES.
BROOMS.
CROCK KRY AND GLASSWARE.
TINWARE.
WOOD.
ENGINE-ROOM COAL.
GAS COAL.
RANGE COAL.
The Board reserves tbe right of rejectin" any or
all bids. . -. i
Payments to bp made monthly, in cash, when
there is money In the Treasury for such pay-
ments, and when there Is no money i:i tho
Treasury, payment to be made out of the first
money in the Treasury applicable for that pur-
pose.
Bids to be addressed toT. S. Montpomery. .\'o. 32
[ East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Cal., Secretary
of the Board of Trustees of the State Insane Asy-
lum at Agnews, and indorsed on envelope, "Propo-
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
mark on envelope the class of supplies bid on.
Envelopes and blank bids may i,e obtained by ap-
plying! o the Secretary. a srpnnite envetope will
be requtr< <1 for each bid.
Samples of articles, showing the character and
quality thereof required, except such as are per-
i3hable, may be si-en at the. 6toreroom of the
Asylum.
The attention of bidders is called to the following
section ftom the Political Code or the Stato;
•Sk<tk>n 3235. "X» supplies of any kind or
character for the benefit of the State or to be paid
by any mo:ieys appropriated, or to be appropr.-
ated, by the State, manufactured or grown in this
State, which are in whole or In part tlie product of
Mongolian lal.or. shall he purchased by the oflici.ils
for this state havlnc contra! of any public Institu-
tion under the contr-il of the stale, or of any
county, city and county, city or to»vn thereof."
In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate
the award ii ht.s bet- resolved to receive no hMs
uulesß made upon blank forms furnished by the
becretary.
Parties will please carry out the sum total for
each article and add up the seme, so that the gross
amount may be seen at v glancb; otherwise-bid
will not be considered.
Ky order of tbe Board of Trustees of the State
Insane Asylum at Agnews.
Dated Sau Jose, March "<ss, 1896.
T. S. MONTGOHKKT, Secretary
No. 32 East Santa Clara street, San Jose. Cal.
DIVORCiS PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed; i,
Mary E. Conrad against Heury A. Conrad.
Marsraret Erben against W. C. Erben.
BIRTHS —^MARMACIES —^DEATHSL
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will r.nt be inserted. They must be banded In at
either Of the publication offices and be indorsed
with tbe name a-id residence of persona authorized
to have the same published.]
BOKN.
BATJGHMAN— In this city. I'ebniarv 18. 1896, to
the wile of Charles P. Baufbman, a son.
BEHTELSEN— In this city, April 11. 1596, to the
wife of A. L. BerteLsen, a daughter.
BUTTLE— In f.ils ciiy, March '_'9, 1896, to the
wife of Walter C. Buttle, a son.
CRITTENDEN_In this city, April 9, 1896, to the
wiif of QeprsQ H. Crlttenden, n isuter.
FARRELL— In this cily,<A|in! 8, 1306, to tha wife
of T. J. Farrell, a daughter.
KASKELL— In this city, April 4, 1808, to the wife
of Abe Kaskell, a daughter.
KRAMER— In this city, April 2, 1836, to the wife
of L. Kram?r, a son.
L?:E-In this city, April 8, 1836', to tha wife of
William F. Lee, ii son.
LT'NDBERG — In this city, April 1, 1895, to the
wife of Charles T. Lundbsrg, a daushier.
MINOR— In San Mateo, April 7, ISB6, to the wife
of Dr. j. F. Minor, a daughter.
SWENSON— In this city, March 'J7, 1896, to the
wife of T. E. Swenson, ad»m;nti»r.
yon HACHT-In this city, ADril 5, 1596, to the
wife of Theo. yon Hacht, a son.
MARRIED.
TUCKER-SHEPARD-In this city, April 6.1898,
by the Rev. \V. Maxwell Keilly, Edwin S.
Tucker and Rebecca C. sliepard.
UiJ-JD.
Aseb/Wolf ■ Keith. Samuel D.
Couirhlin, James J-utzen, Jos>-ph
Condon, Mary J. Moll at, James J.
Cottle, Franklin D. Nelson. Sarah E.
Donohue, JoUa F. Perkins, Franklin
Karl, Ida E. Plnns, William
Foy, Martin Roberts. John C.
Furcate. Marie H. . llran, Lawrence W.
Hayea, John Sawyer, Allie
ASCH— In this city, April 10, 1896, Wolf, beloved
husband of Henrietta Asch, father of Simon,
Benjamin, Isi'.kc and Phillip Asch and Mrs.
Lewin, a native of Posen, Uerniany, aged Ii
years.
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invltej to attend the taneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 465b Tehama s'.reet. Interment Salem
Cemetery by 11 :45 o'clock a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets. No flowers.
CONDON- In this city, April 11, 1596, Mary J..
beloved wife of J. p. Condon,, autl mothi-r of
Mra. L. ToMpern, Mrs. K. Hatoii, Jlra. Luay
Pecker, Mrs. Kate Hall, Mrs. Fanny l'ie!d and
Mrs. Alice Conner, a native of Ireland, aged 68
ye«rv i-'?l'.!7.V£s - ,
CSTPiemains nan be seen at h>?r lat« resilience,
. Pliushuri;, Alumedu. County. Notice oi funeral
hereafter.
COTTLE-In this city, April 10, 1898, at his
residence, 21415% Market strea:, Franklin I).,
beloved husband of Hepsa Cottle, and father of
Mrs. J. J. Evans, a natlv.) of Vineyard Haven,
Mass., asred 77 years and 7 mouths.
Jt3~ Notice or funeral hereafter.
COUGHLIN— Tn this rity, April 11/1893, Jamea,
son of Jeremiah J. and Elizabeth Coughlln, r na-
tive of sa;i Francisco, aged C months aud 4 days.
JKB^lnterment private.
DONOHUK-In this ciiy, April 11, 1896, John F.,
beloved son of Thomas and Rose Donohue, and
brother of Thomas, James, Francis. Sarah and
George Donohue and Mrs. F. J. O'.Nelli, a native
of San Francisco, aeed 28 years. [Seattle
(Wash.) papera please copy.]
a'g-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a.m., from nis late resi-
dence. 425 .EJddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a. Solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 : 3D o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cros*
Cemetery.
EARL-In tb!s city, April 10.1896, Ida E., wife of
A. C. Earl, a native or Michigan.
FOY— In this city, April 0, 1896, Martin Foy,
brother-in-law of Thomas Knightly of Mllpltas,
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 65 years.
gg^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the chapel
of St. Joseph's Home, Park Hill avenue, off
Halght mr>>oi at Baker, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at the above hour. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via 12 o'clock m.
broadgauge boat.
FURCATE— In Golden Gate, April 9, 1896. Marie
Honoriue, beloved daughter of John B. and Marie
Furcate, and Bister of Emily and Johnnie Fur-
cate, a native of South san Francisco, aged i! 0
years 1 1 months and i! 0 days.
&9*Friencis and acquaintances aro resnect -
• fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m., from the residence
of the parents on Doyle street, near San Pablo
avenue, thenoe to saored Heart Church, Temes-
cal. where services will be held, commencing at
1 o'clock p. v, luiuriuen; St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
HAVES— In T.os Angeles, April 9. 1893, John,
beloved son o/ John and Catherine Hayes, and
brother of Timothy A. ana Thomas F. Hayes
anJ Mrs. Teresa Ruben and Mrs. Mary Ricii of
Spokane Falls, a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years. [Oakland papers please copy. J
K3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the TO-M.ORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Kddy street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, . commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. ■ Inter-
ment MOMnt Calvary Cemetery.
KEITH-In Ibis city, April 11, 1896. Samuel D.
Keith, late of Alamos, Mexico, a. native of Bos-
top, Mass.. aged 67 years. . . : -.-■ .
«3" Funeral services will held TO-MORROW
(Monday) at 11 o'clocs a. m.. at the resideti.*
of bis son, S. F. X' lth, 1030 Twentieth scree;,
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery." • ■ .
I.U I /F.N— lu San Jose, Joseph Lutzen, aged 37
years.
MULLEE— In this city, April 11, 1898. James J..
beloved husband ot' Ann Muliee, aod father of
Mrs. G. Elliott, Mrs. A. Urant and Delia Mar,',
Thomas F. and James H. Mullte, a native of
County Galway, Ireland. . r .■^f-;.v
*3"Notice of funeral hereafter. .
NELSON— In San Rafaei, April S», 1836, Sarah E.,
beloved wife of C. Nelson, and mother of Harry.
Chris and Anna Nelson, a native of California,
aged 33 years. . . - . :
j&fiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. trom the ' par-
lors of Carew <& Enellsh. 19 Van Ne39 avenue.
: near Market. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
PERKINS-ln this city. April 11. 1896, Franklin
Perkins, a native of North Carolina, aged 78
years 9 months and 16 duys. ."
JB3-The funeral will take plac* TO-MORROW
(Mouday), at 10:15 o'clock a. v., ironi 1416
Jones street.
PLUNS— Entered into rest In Palo Alto, April 9,
1896, William, beloved .husband of. Miunla
' Pluns, and father of Fred, , Willie, Florence,
; Tillie and : Lulu - Plnns, a native of Hanover,
Germany, agt»d 43 years 11 months and 7 days.
fi3r Friends ana acquaintances are respau:-
-• fully invited to attend tue funeral THIS > PAY i
■ ' •; ' • " ' -,-■:■"
GEO. F. LAMSOJI, AUCTIONEER.
Ottlco— 4lO K«arny Street.
TO-MORROW.
Monday ..."..............April 13, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m. on the Premises.
2517 California Street, /
1 will sell
THEFURNITURE OF RESIDENCE,
....COMPEISIXO ...
1 Kranich «fc Bach Square Grand Piano, 1
Parlor Set in French Hair Cloth, odd pieces Up-
holstery, valuable Paintings, fine Lace Curtains,
Center-Tables. Ornaments. Superior Body Brus-
sels Carpets. fin« i ugs, Walnut Chamber Furni-
ture, Wardrobes, Light Ash Chamber suit, Chif-
fonier, Desks. Best Curled Hair Mattresses, White
Blankets, Walnut Dlnini?-Rooin Furniture. Exten-
sion Table, Dining Chairs: China, Crockery and
Glassware; assortment Kitchen, Laundry and Gar-
den Utensils, etc. Terms cnsh.
GEO. F. LAMSpy, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-331 Sutter Street, above Grunt aye.
AT SALESROOM TO-MORROW,
aionday.. April 13. at 1O:3O A. M.,
I will sell a large and select variety of new China-
ware, Glassware, Crockery, Graniteware, Tinware,
1 Dieboia Safe, 1 Xational C,<sh Register. 6 Scales,
1 Coffee Mill, and a large variety of Household
Furniture, Carpets, etc.
.■~;yi~' ■- ■ S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock Jr.. from his late resi-
denoe at Palo Alto, thence by train to Cypress
Lawn Chapel, where services will be held at 3
o'olock p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cerae-
. tery.
ROBERTS— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated at St. .Mary's Cathedral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 0 o'clock a. m., for the repose of
the soul of the late John O. Roberts. Friends
and ucijuuiutanced are respectfully Invited to at-
tund.
RYAN— In this city, April 9, IS9S, Lawrence W.
Hyan. dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Ryan, and father of John F., Lawrence T.,
Mamie. David, Kittle and Geonje Ryan, a native
ot the parish of Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 52 years.
AjjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 928 Natoma Btreet, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock a. m. Intarmens
Mouni Calvary Cemetery. !>".?
SAUYF.it— In this city. April 9. 1896, Allie,
beloved son of Joseph H. and Ella Sawyer,
brother of Ella Sawyer, and grandson of Mrs. L.
Hart, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 4 years 1
month and 27 days.
#F*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. k., from the family
residence, 20 Kleventh street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
" UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite ior First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone fouth 167. 27 and 29 Fifth at.
McAVOY CALLACHER, I
FUXKRAL DIKKCTORS & EMBALMERS,
•O Fiftii St., Opp. Lincoin School.
Telephone 8080.
tJjUI^tfcMKKOMItT. CHAB. McMSNOMSY.
JAMES MoMENOMEV & SON,
CKDEKTAKKRS AND EMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
T«lepucnejyo._33S4.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
riJXKRAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vaii Nes3 aye., near Market St., San Francisco
Telephone no. 15S.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H C Ne!son, England X Smith & fain, Idaho
M Kuhn. New yorfc J B Bowerr,
J H Brandemore, X V J B Kbeppard,
B U Stoinman & w, Sac lira C E Brninerd.
V.' A Dupee, Boston Miss M E Brainerd,
0 Williams <fe w, Denver X Daniels,
Misi X X Andrus, Deny O M Phelps,
Master Williaras, Denvr Rev J A O'Orady,
1 1) Kip, Stanford EevW H Miller,
F Garner. New York J F McGreenery A w,
J W Moore-, Phihxielpa Miss Edna Powell,
C starii, Los Angelus X Po«ell& w,
U i) Ouerard, -avannah A It Beardslev <fe w,
W 11 Elliott, Detroit X A Jiou3ton*<Si w,
JlrsA H Young, Geneva Miss Houston,
Miss Young, Geneva Mrs X Smith,
R H Flint, t-HD Juan Miss L M Thayer,
H Veeder, Chicago Ailsa F E Treat,
Mrs H Veeder. Chicago Miss Roberts,
G II Dickerrnan. N V J II Ayres,
F.tl I.ewia, Brooklyn Miss L 1! Ashbri'l^p,
Mrs Ed Lewis, Brooklyn Miss L N Ashbridge,
Miss 1)1 tmas, Brooklyn Mm X E t-anderiton,
Miss I." Dltniiis, Brooklyn Miss G Brown,
Mrs ti M Kurasey, sit L Miss G Barton,
Miss Itmnsey, St Louis Miss A Thompson,
A V Hewitt, Boston Mr-i If It Rogers,
WII Alderdice, Boston Miss Splcer, • > ;
II Leon, ban Jose Misa S spicer,
A Simon & w, Mrs S s Dickinson,
J A Kichards <fe w, Bey Cl£ Buck &w, '
F E Kofi, Toledo E T H Applegate & w,
Mrs (' M Rofl'. Toledo T I£ Banchle,
II D Robblus Jr, Toleao J E Thompson,
X X Sfiiri'.-s, ' J Bowman,
P L Shunian, Mrs P L Miuman,
W N Benedict
GRAND HOTKL.
C II Oatraan, Sacto R I> Hatch, Novato
II \V Patterson, Madera C A Haight, Alameda
W C Waters, Watson vllle J A Haskell, Cal
C M Lynch. Alameda A Q Hili. Alameda
J Jolinsou, jf etaluma J Landklller, Petaluma
W Hatch, Lodl J B Small, Canton
Miss Noiiice, Han Jose Miss H B Allen, Jose
F T Adanas, Colusa M James. Sacto
G Maluhart, Grass Valley D Colin, Los Angeles
C W pendleton, Loa Ami C L Wail. Colo
J L Cole it w, lowu ■ C M Moule, Los Angeles
C Jackson, Santa Ana G Jl Thomas, Detroit
C U Scliinaley, Urovillo W Beckuiau, Sacto
C Cosgrove, Angels A L McCaudless, halem
L N McCaw, Chicago J B Brown, Lbs Anitelesß
Miss X II Brown, L Ang F it Meyer, Orovilie
W F Knoi, Sacto A 1! Mason, s 8 (i Elder
X (* Anderson, NY \v I) McCauley, Los Ang
J T Bury, s.au Jose J II Joni's, Los AiiKOlet)
(» H Ballow, tsan Jose A II Tarleton, Ban Joae
J M Morrison, San Jose C P Burnett, San Jose
A 41 soto, Martinez It V Bebue. Pa'.o Alto
G Ditz, btockton \V W Kitzgera.d, Stocktn
A M McPike, Si Helena G H Squires, N V
MrsA MCarpuntercH Louis MrsJMCai-penterStLouls
T M Carpenter, st Louis
RL'SS HOUSE.
P S York, 8t neleqa J T Costello, Sacto
G BaKot. wan Maleo A H Bennal. Plensauton
A C Vuiidorruoouh, Pleas Boberi MoKenzie, Ur
L Van Boukler, Eureka A s Anthony <fc wf , Kurk»
11 J Smith. Astoria . >" M litrrw, luniadale
\V Carrash, Oakland D J de Garmo, N V
J F Bra.idon, Centervllle II Stelling Jr. Davisvllle
T A Peacock, bun Rafael (_! J Van cek, Jseur
IS. Matlliewg, Oakland .AJ Browne, Oakland
V Fanner, Sutler Cretk F Lowry, aacto
Charles T Hill, Jonesvlle L N Coon, Uroville
J M Jacobs. Plainsberg Mrs G Bay-odan, (>nalala
L McOettigan, Vallejo GH R Aman, Viotorln
C X Mutli, Tacoma W J Newport, lianiord
Jerry >i>azel. Lacon, 111 J F Ward, Berenda
H S Shamp, Oalistoga John Blcnardson, Ind
R T Gray, Dixon John McFtanoD, La
O W Bo^gs, Traoey MissM Williams, Butte C
T J. Stnltu, Wash il M Tabor, LO4 Angeles
J D Wausvvonh, S Rosa Mrs M F Hall, Wash, DU
J R Little uud utlruy M Burk, Deming, M M.
J M.eehan A wf , Uacto ■
CUS-.MOPOLITAN HOTEL.
F (J Rbbs, Kan Jose R F Elshorst, St Paul
Mrs F Elahorst. St Paul Miss Dale, St Paul
W T Rud, Siockton H F linger, .Fresno
C H smith, TiilamoCK J R Brown, Portland
CB Tanneil, Los Angeles X A ndurs A- w, Portland
F J CBStertlni, Salem, Or Mrs Fox, l'oriland
Mrs Jewitt, Portland LU Bell, Spokane
E S Burt, Calaveras • Miss M Burt, Calaveras
Miss .N Bun, Calnveras [H Powers, Park, I lah
H Bragdou, l'ortlaud F Smith, New Orleans
C bchonu-i], LaKe View W J Rud, Hlocktou
A P lines, Ueorgetown J Seltz, Benicia
X Wilson&w.ColSpringaMrs U A Taller, Ohio
MiKS .n Tullcr. uhio \V J Mitchell, Merced
F P McCioaky, Guatemala
BALDWIN HOTEL. >_'."'■
W U Noble, Dallas J U Masterson, Oakland
F A Moses, Nev.ark Mrs H Dulllug, AngeU
Miss M Juck, Angela L A Cotter, Angels
Mrs G iilum, Martinez Mr 3 WI We Is, Martinez
F\v Weiuheinn.bt Louis C S Raymond w.Umaha
F Campran, N V G Kolhermal, Sau Juae
CJ F Gilts, san Jose 11 McCray, Bukerstieid •
Dr W A Hendry, LA JAI Foster, Boston . 1
Miss Jom-i, San Rafael Miss Williams, S Rafael
U E Darley, San Katael D Sloau, N y
C F fjcotl, N V • ■.. Capt Hines, Chicago
Mrs 0 Burns, Chicago C Murston. N V
C B Horton, Vallejo II Merrill, N V
NEW WESTERN lIOTKI*.
F A Bchlleper, Chlcaso P H Heese, Dearer
S T launders, i-oa Ang H Dodd, Oakland
1 Best, Lortn H Hart, Red Hoad Flat
M S Herrius! & \v, Colrdo H M Hill, Panama
811 Paul. Fresno ■ *. Geo Hnmlitou, Pittsburg
C M Judd, S:;ti Jose G 1± Savage, Bostun
lW C Brown, Sacto Johu R Murry, N V
— • — ♦■ — — ■ ■
The Song of Ilella j.
At a regular meeting of the Hellenic Mutual
Benevolent Society on Wednesday evening, in
Druids' Halt, the following officers were
elected: President, C. Demetrak; vice-presi
dent, George Fundas; treasurer, A. Kostas;
secretary; A. r Papageorge: directors— P. Papa
denios, 1 . C'jicures, M. Bacopulos, A. Ajima
copulos, H. " Kokinos, P, Paiuazes and p. S«r
ileles. . Tbi9 society was established in San
Francisco four years ago nud since that time
has done considerable in the way of charity.
While the number of Greeks in San Francisco
ia not very large, yet those here wish to do all
tbey cau for ibeir annual beueilu .y
LAYMANCE
Real Estate & Investment Company,
. 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
SPECIAL LONG CREDIT
AUCTION SALE
— OF — -
on choice on
ZU RESIDENCE LOTS, ZU
THE VEEI CREAM OF
WE WILL SELL
SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1896,
At 2 o'clock p. m., upon the ground,
20 iaguhcst RESIDENCE lots,
40x132:6 each, In block 4 of the Case Tract, ,
Berkeley, upon ■•;•■•
UNPRECEDENTED TERMS,
$10 cash as first payment, balance $5 PER
MONTn. Low rate of interest at 7 per cent per
annum. Streets graded and sewered. Electric car*
and half-hourly local trains to San Francisco only
1 and 2 bloc ks away.
Too much Importance cannot be attached to
property at Berkeley, and It is safe to say that well-
located residence lots, fine view of the Golden
Gate, the bay of San Frauciaco on one side, the
beautiful line of foothills on the other, with a cli-
mate unsurpassed, fine school, religions and so-
cial advantages, will double and treble In value
before you have your lot paid for.
Remember this is the first opportunity ever
offered in Berkeley to buy a home at auction with
only 810 cash. You cannot afford to miss It.
Secure a catalogue and examine the property be-
fore day of sale.
For further partioulars apply to
LAYMANCE KEAL ESTATE AND IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY, 466 Eighth
St., Oakland,
GEORGE SCHMIDT, Berkeley, or
WM. BUTTERFIELD, second floor, Crocker
building, San Francisco.
FEUNER WON A TROPHY
The Eeautiful Fay Diamond
Medal Passes Into An
other's Hands.
Second Day's Shoot of the California
£tate Sportsmen's Annual
Tournament.
The second day's trap-shooting of the
California State's Sportsmen's Associa
tion's fourteenth annual tournament was
heM yesterday at the Oakland Trotting
Park. The attendance was not as large as
on xhe preceding day, but the sport was
e;ood. A strong west wind blew across the
traps, and whenever the birds rose in
earnest they lost no time in taking the
wind and flying for safety like rockets.
However, very few made their escape,
and many pretty stops were effected when
the pigeons were near the limits. Not a
few dropped dead after crossing the line
owing to the force of the wind. Those
that got away from the trap-shooter& flew
into a perfect battery of guns outside of
the fence. Much interest was centered
upon the beautiful diamond medal pre
sented years ago by Ned Fay. Only seven
events marked the day's sport.
The first was a six-bird match, $2 50 en
try. The purse was divided into three
prizes of $12 50, $7 50 and $5. The score
stood :
Robinson 6, Feudner 5, Courtney 6. Funning
6, Slade 6, Steiling 6, MoMurcliy (j, Sedam 5,
Haight 4, \Vehb4.
As seen six of the shooters killed all of
their birds, so the tie was uhot off in the
second event, which resulted in another
tie among Robinson, blade and Stelling,
who divided tne entire purse of the first
event.
The second event was a ton-bird match
for a purse of $40. Robinson, Feudner and
Steiling divided the purse. The scores
made stood: , :
Robinson 10; Femlner 10; StelHng 10;
Webb U, w; Fupning 1, w; McMurcby 9;
Haight 2, w; Courtney 6, w; Sedam 9.
Event No. 3 was another 10-bird match,
$5 entry. The entries and scores stood as
follows: ': .',
McMurchylO; Sedam G; Fanning 10; Feud
ner Robinson ti, w; tHuihuglO; Haight7;
Courmey 1, w; Web.b 10. . ;
As seen there were four ties on 10 birds,
and the money was divided among those
who made clean scores.
The next was the contest for the Fay
diamond medal and the entrance money
that went with the match. The medal
has been the property, temporarily, of
nearly all the best shots on the coast. Last
year it was held by Crittenden Robinson,
who came within the line of possibility of
wearing it for another year. He waa
pressed too close by Otto Feudner, who
made 25 straight kills to Roblnson'a 24.
Robinson's score, however, cave him the
purse, according to therterms of the pre
sentation. Tha conditions were $5 en
trance, 20 birds and the use of both bar
rels. Following shows the entries, scores
and when the second barrel was used.
Robinson 21111111221111121112-20
Haight. soimmmiioiiuia— l7
Ftjudner. 21111112111121111211—20
Beaver 21001 w
! Courtney 2121012120 w
; Fanning 121122111110 w
Webb 11100 w
Andrus 1101221110 w
Pedam 12212121211100111111-18
Bekeart 01201111110121U11101—
The tie between Robinson and Feudner
resulted:' Robinson, 1, 1, 0, 1, 2: Feudner,
1, 1, 1, 1,2.
The fifth event was also a ten-bird match.
Robinson. Steiling, Courtney, Fanning
and Feudner witndrew before the match
was over. The money was divided between
Haight and Webb, who killed all their
birds. Sedam killed eeven and McMurchy
nine.
The sixth was a ten-bird match, $5 entry.
Five of tne sportsmen withdrew before the
event was over, leaving to finish the score
McMurchy 10, Sedam 9, Webb 9, Haijrht
10. The first and last named divided the
purse.
The seventh was similar to the other
matches, with $30 in the pool, which was
divided by Robinson and Webb, each male
ing ten straight kills. Seaam and Mc-
Murchy made nine each and the others
withdrew.
The shootins to-day at the same plac*
will conclude the tournament.
* — ♦ — » .
A Coutructor's Failure.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 11.— Andrew S.
Ruck, a well-known contractor and builder,
filed a petition in insolvency to-day in
which he says he owes $4178 60. His as
sets consist of property at Temescal valued
at $3000, upon which there is a declaration
of homesU-ad and a mortgage for $500. and
other property worth $: ; 010, also incum
bered, and personal effects valued ai $600,
moit oi winch ia exempt.
Hia creditors are : Rernillard Brick Com
pany, $162; Pierce Hardware Company,
$143; Burnham, Standeford &Co., $50;
Edward Pierce, a former partner, $758;
Gurney Mill and Refrigerating Company,
$81; John Thexton & Co., $107; Donzery
Bros., $143; Fortin Brick Company, $9C;
Puget Bound Lumber Company, $475;
Oakland Sash and Door Company, $17tj 50;
Lucy A. Pike, $1*25; Oakland Bank of Sav
ings, $500; E. A. Matuews, $307; Sam
Breck Jr., $250.
1314
HUNTINGTON TO
BUY THE A. & P.
Proposes to Make It a Link
in Another Through
Line.
AWAITING FORECLOSURE
All His Arrangements Said to
Be Made for Purchasing the
Insolvent Road.
WILL EXTEND IT TO SAPULPA.
St. Louis Will Be Entered Over the
St. Louis and San Francisco
RailrcaJ.
C. P. Huntington is said to have his
plans all laid to control another through
line 10 the Kn^t. His new project con
templates St. Louis as an Eastern ternii
31ap Showing Some of the Links of the Additional Through Line Said to Be in Contemplation by
C P. Huntington.
nus with the Atlantic and Pacific and a
branch of the >~t. Louis and San Francisco
roads as link?.
When C. W. Smith was appointed re
reiver of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
he was credited with having secured that
desirable position through the influence of
C P. Huntingdon, who is credited with
holding a majority of the bonds of the At
lantic and Pacific. Since his appointment
Receiver Smith, who had always been
known as a strong Santa Fe man, has vir
tually severed the close relations that had
previously existed letween the Atlantic
and Pacific and the Santa Fe in his en
deavor to secure a more advantageous
traffic arrangement for the road he repre
sents. The significance of this to railroad
men is that he is evidently strongly an
tagonistic to the r<">al of which he was
formerly first vice-president.
His present attitude is attributed to his
not being elected president under there
cent reorganization scheme, an c ffice which
he nad confidently hoped to attain. It was
given instead to Julius Kheinhart, who
was formerly auditor, but who has since
been superseded owing to alleged misman
agement. As a result of this course of the
new Santa Fe directorate Mr. Smith is now
reported to be bending all his influence to
further the interest* of the presidem of the
Southern Pacitic Company.
The Atlantic and Pacific is to be sold
under foreclosure in a few months and
Huntington, it is reported, is fully pre
pared to attend the sale and buy in the
property. His purpose is to then extend
the road to a junction with Sapulpa, Indian
Territory, the western terminus of the St.
Lous and San Francisco road, which had
originally been projected to run to Cali
fornia.
It is claimed by those who are familiar
with the situation that Huntington is in
the best position to secure control of the
Atlaaitic and Pacific. The Atlantic and
Pacific proper extends from The Needles to
Albuquerque, a distance of 578 miles,
■while the section from Mojave to The
Needles, a distance of 241 miles, though
popularly supposed to be the property of
the Atlantic and Pacific, is in reality
owned by the Southern Pacitic and leased
to the Atlantic and facitic with the privi
lege to purchase under certaia conditions.
This would therefore leave only 578 miles
to be purchased. Huntington would
have to purchase in addition the 241 miles
between The Needles and Mojave. An
other point in Huntington's favor is the
possession of the majority of the bonds of
the Atlantic and Pacific.
It was tde original intention of the
Bt. Louis and San Francisco people to
build to a connection with the Atlantic p.nd
Pacific, and the line was extended west
ward from St. Louis to Sapulpa, in Indian
Territory. This idea was abandoned,
however, when the Santa Fe entered into
a combination with the Bt. Louis and
San Francisco whereby both roads jointly
constructed the Atlantic and Pacific. The
Bt. Louis and San Francisco is now said to
be heartily tired of the regime of the Santa
Fe so far as the Atlantic and Pacific is
concerned and to be willing to make a
satisfactory arrangement for the use of its
line from Sapulpa to St. Louis by an inde
pendent line that would build from Albu
querque to a connection with Sapulpa.
The gap to be thus closed is about 600
miles and is through New Mexico, Texas,
Oklahoma and Indian Territory, a section
that is said by railroad men to be most
promising for railroad exploitation.
LATE SPORTING NEWS
Olympics Must Not Give Profes
sional and Amateur Box
ing Bouts.
Oakland's Newly Organized Athletic
Club— Basket and Hand Ball
Contests.
The Olympic Club directors were given
a surprise yesterday when William F.
Humphrey, the president of the Pacific
Athletic Association of the Amateur Union,
informed them that he had received a let
ter from Caspar Wbitney which stated
that if the amateur boxers of tne club
should take part in a boxing tournament
in which professional boxers also partici
pated they would foricit their standing as
amateur athletes.
It is hardly necessary to cay that Super
intendent Kennedy was wild when he
Heard the news. He did not hesitate to
state that if he had his wish he would
have Editor Whitney among those who
are endeavoring to discover the north pole
in a balloon. The directors held a meet
ing and decided that the boxing carnival
on May 7 will be for professionals only,
ami that the proceeds will materially
strengthen the treasury of the club. Of
course the Green and Ziegler bout of ten
rounds will be the star event of the even
ing. Altogether there will be five or six
four-round contests between the best box
ers attainable. A hrst-class entertainment
is promised.
The young men of East Oakland and
vicinity have organized an athletic club
which gives every promise of being among
the loading athletic clubs of the "West.
The club's present place of meeting is on
Park street, East Oakland. It will be
known as the Union Athletic Club, with
the following officers: President, George
C. Banes; vice-president, William J. Bray ;
secratarv, Walter Clough; treasurer, Harry
Bray. Board of directors— Theo G. Bur
ling, William Rowe, Harry Fox, Fred
Barter and Louis Frazer.
The Rushers, champions of the Pacific
Coast basket-ball players, will meet the
German team in a series of five games, one
to be played each week, beginning on next
Tuesday* evening at 8 o'clock sharp in the
gymnasium of the Y. M. C. A., Mason and
Ellis streets. The public are cordially iu
viied to attend. A committee consisting
of F. L. Shaw, Rushers, J. Auger, Busi
ness Men's, and J. Plarrer, German team,
has been appointed to organize a league
among tne Bay Association of the Y. M.
C. A. and arrange series of games for a
valuable trophy.
The following letterconcerningartificial
bird shooting at Antioch is self-explana
tory :
Antioch, April 10.
Sporting Editor Call: At a meeting of the
Antioch Gun Club which took plßoe here on
April 9 the coast record for Dluerock shooting
was lowered by Len Htwkhurst breaking 90
out of 100 at" known traps and unknown
angles. His shooting was something phe-
nomenal, and his missing the four shots was
caused by defective enrtridjres. William Rem
frcc broke 89, William Proctor 83. William
Kemfree Jr. 54, Joe Ross 87, Bill Hand «>9,
James Bacchus 64, Doruinoco Visalia and Pat
O'Brien 45 each.
The handball games that will take place
to-day in the San Francisco nail court are
asiollows: P. Ryan and .T. Rodszers to
play G. McDonald' and M. McNeil; J. Nel
son to play P. Hutchinson a single-handed
game lor' $10 a side; J. Slattery and P.
Kelly to play D. Connolly and J. ". Lawless;
Al Pennoyer and G. Hutchinson to play
J. Harlow and J. McEvelley; P. Donnelly,
the amateur champion, and R. Linehan to
play T. F. Bonnet ar.d J. Feeney.
The long-deferred match between T. J.
Bonnet and J. C. Nealon and R. Lenihan
and J. J. Feeney, the crackerjacks of the
Union court, will take place in that court
this afternoon, weather permitting. It
will be one of the tinest games ever seen
in this City, as they are all expert players.
Lenihan and Feeney will have the ad
vantage of being familiar with the court,
and their friends are sanguine that they
will win.
The greatest interest is being taken in
the coming match between Bonnet and J.
Harlow, the coast champion, to be played
in the San Francisco court Sunday week.
The match will be for a $50 trophy, to be
presented to the winner by Phil Ryan, the
proprietor of the court. Agooddeal of
money has already been wagered on the
result, each having numerous backers.
STREET PAVEMENTS.
A Kew Kind That Is Meeting With
Marked Approval.
The problem of street paving is one that
every city, both great and small, through
out the civilized world has wrestled with
at one time or another. It is a question
that concerns San Francisco deeply at this
time, for this City has some of the worst
paved streets in the country and none that
are entirely satisfactory. This important
subject has recently received much atten
tion from the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners and with apparently satis
factory results.
About two years since they allowed the
Williams Asphaltum Block Paving Com
pany to lay a sample of their work on the
seawall in front of pier No. 6, Howard
street, which proved so satisfactory that
the board lias since ordered eeveral pieces
laid at other points on the seawall, and
recently at the entrance to the ferry land
ing at the foot of Market street, as a sub
stitute for the bituminous rock, which had
failed to give satisfaction. The AYilliarns
Company in that instance furnished a
satisfactory guarantee that their work
should be kept in good condition for a
term of five' years, despite the immense
amount of heavy teaming destined io pass
over it.
The new Pacific-street wharf, 50x000 feet,
which is vastly superior to any other
wharf structure ever erected on the water
front, has just been paved by the Williams
Block Company under a guarantee to be
kept in repair for the term of live years
free of charge to the State. Such evidences
of merit have induced several of the City
officials to thoroughly examine this style
of pavement.
The great claim advanced by the Wil
liams Block Company is that they possess
skill in the manipulation of their aspnal
tura, which enables them to produce re
suits as much superior to the old style of
work as steel is better than the iron* from
which it is produced. The surface-cover
ing for their pavement is almost like sheet
lead. It dints Elightly, but does not
abrase, and in that consists ita superiority
and great wearing qualities.
Young Men's Christian Anaociation.
Next Tuesday evening there will be a bicycle
exhibit in the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion buildinsr, Mason and Ellis streets.
Twenty-five or thirty different bicycle agen
cies will display their wheels, the exhibit to
continue for three days. Exhibition free to
the public, and it will probably be one of the
most attractive exhibits in San Francisco. It
will comprise ladies' and centlenien's wheels
end tandems. The attendants will appear in
riding costume.
The directors and trustees of the association
will hold their regular meeting to-morrow
(Monday) evening at H o'clock in the directors'
room, association building. The total amount
of the subscriptions has now reached $90,500,
and it is very probable the entire sum of
$100,000 will be reached before the end of this
week. The meeting to-night will be large and
enthusiastic, as the splendid success attend
ing the efforts of the boards of management is
exceedingly encouraging.
Music at the Park.
The Golden Gate Park Band will render the
following programme to-day, weather permit
ting, at 2 p. m.
"Hallelujah Chorus" Handel
Overture, "Un Concert Sous Bois" Maye
"Musical Panorama" .La tan n
"Grand Concerto" Composed by K. Prueter
Solo for euphonium, performed by W. Colverd.
"A Dervish Chorus*' (an oriental scene)... G.Sebek
Overture, -'Le Uirectoirp" Redulng
Selection. 'Traviata" Verdi
Ballet music- in "William Tell" Rossini
Wai ix, "Mojiilisbt on Urn Khine" Vollgtedt
Miurli, ••Black America" (a negro oddity)
H. Zlckel
Have you heard about Mitchell's Magic Lo
tion ? Mapic, because it cures all pain so
quickly aud surely. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12. 1896.
GUTIERREZ HEMMED
IN AT HIS HOME
Four Sentinels on Guard
at His Door to Pro
tect Him.
PEOPLE IN SEMI-REVOLT
Dr. Pena and Dr. Keith Say
Either Ezeta or Alfaro Will
Be President.
THE YELLOW FEVER IS RAGING
The Deaths So Far, They Say, Are
About 90 Per Cent of Those Who
Are Attacked.
Dr. J. M. Pena and Dr. B. Keith of Sal
vador, who arrived here yesterday on the
Acapulco, report that that country is on
the eve of a revolution. It is like a vol-
cano that is liable to break out at any mo
ment.
The whole country is armed. There are
so many sentries on duty that a man is
not safe to venture forth at night.
Dr. Per.a, who lives at Sonsonate, did it
one evening before he left. The wind was
blowing and he did not hear the shout of
the guards. The next moment a ritie bail
whizzed past him.
The country is so perturbed, so the two
medical gentlemen say, that no doctor will
venture out after 7 o'clock at night. This,
too, at a time when yellow fever is raging,
and when 90 per cent of those attacked are
dying.
The people want a new President, so the
two physicians assert.
"They are very tired of Gutierrez," said
Dr. Pena. "He has not fulfilled his prom
ises. Gutierrez is in such danger tiiat lie
does not dare venture out of his house day
or night.
"Four sentries are standing »nd keeping
guard at his door. His own army is ready
to desert and to take up arms against him.
"If General Ezeta, who is lying by at
Panama, was only in the country he would
be President in fifteen minutes. The only
difficulty is that he can't get up there. If
he was he would have the army and every
thing at bis disposal.
"Editor Ezeta or Alfaro will be the next
President. Gutierrez will have to go.
Alfaro is now V ice-President. He has
gone over into Nicara.ua to adjust the
boundary difficulty between the two coun
tries. Alfaro would like to be President.
"Otto Muchmuier, the United States
Consul, who rame there some time since
from Pennsylvania, has lost his wife,
sister-in-law and all hi 3 children. He got
changed from the coast and now the fever
rages where he is, and the revolution is
under full away. He hated to see us leave
there and, like others who desired all the
physicians possible to stay, offered almost
any money to remain.
"We couldn't do it. We preferred to
get out. It is a wonder I did not get
Killed when shot at in Sonsonate. I was
walking along briskly, but owing to the
rustle of the wind I did not hear the chal
lenge of the sentry. He never waited a
second, but raised his gun and fired.
Luckily he just missed me.
"It is this way pretty much in all the
towns of Salvador. Everybody is armed.
The grievance acainst Gutierrez is that he
has done nothing that he promised to do.
He knows his peril, too, or he would not
have four sentries on guard constantly out
side his door. He never ventures out either
day or night.
"General Jeffers told me," said Dr.
Keith, "that in his opinion the Govern
ment couldn't lastover twoor three weeks.
And he is in the service of the Govern
ment, too. He is an American and has
been down there for many years and has
been through many of the wars of Central
America. He was in the war in Honduras,
and in many other wars there. He is a
shrewd military man, the best there is
there, and told me this the last thing he
said before we left.
"It is Ezeta's country ,*or Alfaro's just
whichever gets there first and asserts him
self. In any event Gutierrez can't hold on.
He has got to quit. Yes, the belief is that
he has been putting money 'down' since be
got into oflice till now he probably has all
the money he wants."
Dr. Pena and Dr. Keith are at the Occi
dental. They intend to stay here for some
time. They believe that Manuel Casin,
who furnished the sinews of war for Ezeta
till his exchequer was exhausted, ia now
in Mexico.
Casin was the bold mariner who has
made a bjplay of righting duels on several
occasions. The theater of his heroic
achievements has been in this theater for
a part of the time. He was at the Palace
Hotel a f?w years ago when he challenged
Senor Andrea to mortal combat. The
senor was his old enemy in Salvador and
was on a visit here. The two succeeded in
much horse play, but never fought. Casin
next blossomed out as the manager for
General Ezeta and sailed with him in the
Barclay Golden.
WANTED TO VISIT HIM.
11. C. Cliamblin'a Deposition In the
Ashley-Baldwin Case.
The deposition of H. C. Cbaroblin of
Whitby farm, near Richmond, Va., has
been received and added to the papers in
the Ashley-Baldwin case.
Chamblin says in his deposition that he
one day received a letter irom Miss Ash
ley asking leave to come and visit him.
lie declined the offer, and soon after, as
he was riding along the road, he met a
young lady who was looking for Whitby
farm and who proved to be Miss Ashley
herself. He took her back to Richmond
and sent her home, but on the way she
asked him to buy her a ticket to where she
said she wanted to go and meet "Lucky"
Baldwin. The ticket was refused. This is
the substance of Chumblin's deposition.
Miss Ashley is suing Baldwin for "fT.^OGO
for betray in k her and Chamblin's deposi
tion will be a material feature of the case.
Increase in the Revenue.
The increase in United States revenue
■tamps for this district for the nine months of
the fiscal year has amounted to $600,000 over
the same period last year. It is thought that
f $i n 000 800B 00 for the year will reach upwaris
oi <pi>UOu,ooo.
HAD A NARROW ESCAPE.
Stanley Lytton, an Electrician, Whirled
Around a Revolving Shaft.
Stanley Lytton, an employe of Paul Sei
ber, electrician, 406 Market street, bad a
narrow escape from death yesterday.
About 5 o'clock he was engaged in the
California Wire Works, Bay and Mason
streets, fixing up electric lights. He was
working on a ladder, close to a revolving
shaft, which was about, two ieet from the
ceiling and twenty feet from the floor,
when his clothes got caught in the snaft
and he was whirled round and round, his
body striking against the ceiliug at each
revolution.
His clothes were torn almost in shreds
and in desperation, to save himself from
being dashed to the ground, he clung to
the shaft with his left arm, which had
been broken. The friction on his hand
from the revolving shaft was causing him
great pain, and he had just made up his
mind to let go when the engine was
stopped. His yells for help had attracted
the attention of the employes in the works
and they had run and notified the en
gineer.
Lytton was released from his perilous
position and was hurried to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon. Drs. Weil
and Rinne found that both bones of his
if ft . arm wer e broken, and his right arm,
both shoulders and neck were badly
bruised.
OPPOSED TO HUNTINGTON
Mrs. Stanford's Representatives
Vote for General Hubbard
for President.
The Senator's Widow Not in Accord
With the Policy of the Present
Regime.
In the election for officers of the South
ern Pacific Company, which took place on
Thursday, Mrs. Stanford, the widow of
Senator Stanford, took special pains to be
placed on record ag being opposed to the
regime of C. P. Huntington.
It was given out at the railroad offices on
Marketand Montgomery streets, where the
election was held, that all the proceedings
had been of a most harmonious character
and that no opposition of any kind had
developed. But it has since been learned
that just the contrary was true.
Shortly after the* arrival of General
Thomas H. Hubbard from the East he
had a conference with Mrs. Stanford and
that lady asked him to become a candi
date for the presidency of tue Southern
Pacific Company, but despite the tempta
tion thus held out the general declined to
stand.
But not discouraged by her failure to
secure an ally in the representative of the
Searles interests, Mrs. Stanford instructed
her representatives, Russell J. Wilson and
Charles Lathrop, to vote for General Hub
bard. Influence had also, apparently,
been u*ed on the Crocker interests, hut as
events showed, only with partial success.
Charles F. Crocker voted with the Hunt
ingtons, but Lis brother, Will H. Croceer,
refrained from voting. Had the Crocker,
Searles and Stanford interests stood to
gether the regime of Huntington would
have come to an end.
This was the first time since he was
elected to the presidency, six years atro,
that there has been open opposition to the
re-election of C. P. Huntington.
BETTER STKEET PAVEMENTS.
Letter of the Merchants' Association
to the Cycle Hoard of Trade.
The Merchants' Association has ad
dressed the following cordial letter to the
lately organized Cycle Board of Trade :
San Francisco, April 11, 1896.
Gentlemen: The Merchants' Association bids
your newly organized board greeting to the
public-spirited work of securing improved
pavements, bettor roads and attractive boule
vards for the City and County of >San Fran
cisco. Assurances of the encouragement and
co-operation of the Merchants' Association in
your worthy efforts have been given already
to the committees of your board, who person
ally called upon the ollieers of this association.
The board of directors desires, furthermore, to
extend a cordial invitation to the members of
your board to avail yourselves of all the privi
leges of this association, including the use of
its offices and library in the Mills building.
One of the cardinal principles of the Mer
chants' Association is the improvement ot the
highways of San Francisco. Correct drainage,
clean streets, noiseless pavements, adequate
illumination and beautiful boulevards are
among the most potent factors of municipal
progress. No city on earth has ever attained a
high degree of permanent prosperity without
these fundamental requisites.
It is most gratifying to witness the recent
awakening of the citizens of San Francisco to
the vital significance ot these questions in the
present and future welfare of our City. It re
quires only the concerted action of trie people
to bring about these beneficent results and
place our metropolis in the vanguard of the
progressive and prosperous cities of the world.
Inter-University Debate.
A debate between the University of California
and the Leland Stanford University will be
held April 25 at Metropolitan Hall, beginning
at Bp. m. The question will be "The Popular
Election ot United States Senators." Arthur
M. Cathcart. John M. Ross and Henry D. Shel
don will speak in the affirmative, while Joseph
O'Connor, F. Herbert Dam and Martin C.
Flaherty, University of California, will take
the negative. The judges will be Judge Joseph
McKenna, Judge \V. \V. Morrow and A. C. Free
man. Governor Budd will probably preside.
The winning team will get the Perkins prize
O I •J N 2n. X) •
NEW TO-DAY.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥>
tf m' Ml/;
i IB fci************ IBf vSfe?
Wonder «ff
Millinery Jail
The Latest ' J^^b^v The Prices
Spring and 1 are Low -
Summer <*%sSM^ The Lar £ est
Designs, from and Best
Paris, London Zj"^ $|P Selected
and New York. Sr^l Stock Ever
Jte HATS, LACES, flowers, y
WL FEATHERS, RIBBONS,
3MHI& 1026 Market St.
NO BRANCH STORE IN THIS CITY.
THE KINGDOM IS LEANING
Attorney-General Fitzgerald on
the Police Commis
sioners.
SAYS THEIR TERM IS UP.
When He Gets Through His Pressing
Piesent Affairs He Will Look
After It.
Attorney Wirt still keeps busy in his ef
fort to secure tho ousting of Police Com
missioners Alvord and Tobin, who claim
to have a life claim on their jobs.
Speaking of the matter yesterday Mr.
Wirt said: "We shall have a walkover in
this matter when ie is brought to a test."
He said he had just called on Attorney-
General Fitzgerald and informed him of
his having secured important records re
lating to the appointment of the officers
named. The Attorney-General, he said,
declared himself as opposed to the life
tenure and heartily in sympathy with the
movement to terminate the long term.
"But," said Mr. Wirt, "everybody knows
that the Attorney-General has been en
gaged in a very important legal contest for
several weeks, in the United States Court,
in which the people of the State are greatly
concerned and interested. He suggested
for me to call on him as soon as he got
through with the case there, and bring the
facts and the records for consideration. I
shall do so.
"William Alvord and Robert J. Tobin
took the oath of office and were sworn in
by E. Burke, a Justice of the Peace, on the
sth day of May, 1885, as Police Commis
sioners of this city and county," said Mr.
Wirt. "It will not do for them to say that
they made and filed the oaths of office in
April. 1878. or at any time in that year.
The Justice who took the oath of office is
now dead, the old City Hall is torn down
and the Governor who appointed them in
1890 is dead, too, but many people know
and the records will show that the Justice
of the Peace was not elected and did not
file his oath of office until December 2,
1884, after he got notice and a certificate of
his election. This clearly settles all this
proposition which is involved. They filed
the oath on the same day of the year. On
the 11th day of July 1890, they abandoned
the oid fortification" sought a new one and
then procured ex-Governor Waterman to
appoint them and grant each of them a
commission, and they filed their oath of
office on July 14, 1890, in this city and
county, as the book of original entries of
official oaths fully shows, although the
oaths cannot be found in the County
Clerk's office.
"I have two certified copies of their
official oaths, which were filed in the office
of tne Secretary of State on the 14th day of
July, 1590," said Mr. Wirt. "These rec
ords, with the big gold seals of the State
on them, are conclusive presumptions that
each of them by their act and declaration
accepted the appointment and commis
sion, and have acted under and by virtue
of the same. The record which I have
here, and certified to by the secretary of
Governor Budd, shows by the entry of
record of July 14, 1890, entered in the offi
cial term of ex-Governor Waterman, that
he appointed each of them for a term of
four years, and not for their natural life.
"This makes it clear that their appoint
ment and term of office and commission
wholly ceased and expired in July, 1594.
That "since that time they have been
merely locum tenentes holding over and
waiting till some one should be appointed
to fill the vacancies, for the Constitution
provides that the term of such municipal
officers shall not be extended beyond the
period for which they are elected or ap
pointed. The late decisions of the Su
preme Court will sustain the propositions
here presented. These facts being true,
it seems that they filed their oaths of office
in Sacramento so as to make the matter
appear easy and seem a little quiet. The
legal counsel who advised them saw the
dancer and advised them to abandon the
old fortification. The records make it the
plainest case. It appears that the perpe
tuity of the kingdom is leaning over and
about to fall."
AT THE SUTRO BATHS.
Tightrope Walking, High Divine and
Good Music.
Colonel Robinson has arranged a fine
list of events for visitors to Sutro Baths
to-day. The programme is as follows:
Afternoon— First Infantry Regiment band,
N. G. C. March, "New Bully" (F. Boyer); over
ture, "Orpheus" (Offenbach); "Tropical Dance"
(Moses); operatic selection, "ltigoletto" (Verdi);
gavotte, "Minnie" (Brooke). Intermission. Med
ley, "BrHham's Latest" (Muller); "Danse Fan
tastique" (LeThiere); solo for cornet, "Sere
nade" (Missud); waltz, "Amelia" (Rosas) ; galop,
"Demon" (Roulnson). '
KvcniiiK— March,. "Buffalo News" (Beebe);
overture,""Lastof the Kogans" (Brahani); two
songs, "Only n Dream" and "Happy Moments"
(\Vallace);seleetion from Audran's operas (Kap
pey); patrol (Ascher). Intermission. Priests'
War March (Mendelssohn); "Around the City"
(popular songs), (F. Beyer); waltz, "Dreams on
the Ocean" (Gungl); gavotte, "Loving Hearts"
(Herman); galop, "Through the Surf" (Wil
liams).
High wire and Black wire, by Professor Seal
Williams, the world-renowned tight-rope
walker: boys' 50-yard race, open to all; young
men's 100-yard race, open to all; for sppcial
prizes offered by Hon. Adolph Sutro; high and
fancy diving by Messrs. Thompson, Rosenberg,
Green and Gay, champion Amateurs of Cali
fornia.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
SPECIAL SALE OF 25 CASES
German Linens
Our customers are respectfully informed that we
have just opened an immense shipment of GERMAN
LINENS, consisting of TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE
NAPKINS, TABLE CLOTHS, DINNER SETS, DAMASK
TOWELS, HUCK TOWELS, DOYLIES, HEMSTITCHED
SCARFS, LUNCH SETS, LINEN PILLOW CASES,
LINEN SHEETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS, and
LINEN BREAKFAST SETS. Many of the designs in
these goods are confined exclusively to us, and the goods
will be sold at the lowest prices ever known in San
Francisco.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
In connection with the above sale of Linens we will
offer this week 9 CASES SUPERFINE CALIFORNIA
WHITE BLANKETS, PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL,
size 74x82,
Price <R/C-°o
" Pair
TSijSFSEoixrs: 3VE^a.i3xr 0777.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
rmoiizE home "hddstry. DHII AIIFI pu|ji ciinc m
BUY DIRECT FROM TUE jJillLHULLrnifl 01ll L UUi
MANUFACTURER. I stamped on a shoe
IliniiUi nu i UIIL.iI. AIEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
RKFINKD BAR IRON ...51. 75 baae
ANGLE IRON 2.15 flat •»jh*jzv
Round Edge Tire Steel .*. 3.10 flat 00 Kil f^J^^\
German Hammered" 3.75 base jr j-fjyjP'fc^Ll v^Eß
TernS JUDSON ItJ CO?"™
, in THE DEIMEL WMr Q Q VY Q II WhPPI
LlllCll- U Illlfil 1 , If XK S ,° 6 Can , Bell yOU tho best BI C y CLE SHOES
UXiiVii illUkJll UIIUUI II UUI inthiscity. We are the igcnts for C. 11. Fargo 4
v ... „ «__»_«.«■>, . n. ' iIV Co.'a celebrated Ball-Bearing Bicycle Snoes. which
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable. lia v.. no superiors in this country: Theylre^adS
FOR SALE AT THE STOUE OF of Fine Kangaroo Calf anil are unlinecl, and tUev
mi iv • ii • U■ 1 n i. l\ are so cut that they lit, tlie feet ]).Tteclly, and -.viil
The Deirael Linen-Jiesh System Company, not tlre h T[aer v i n aft Pr alo journey, andwu h
. ;.,.,„. J» insr to thoroughly introduce this line we have tie-
-111. Montgomery St., Opp. Occidental Hotel. cided to sen the high-cut for
lllLM'l'l'LlSo Of lllEj wMbOil Per pair and the low-cut for f2 00. Here Is m
>-'-.'■■ ■ •• _____ • chance to invest, as ver,- ordinary bicycl«
T ATITFO' nnTTT Dfinilll wwoh o e ce r s e ror vc s Va n n d er^^. these ' arebelng 80ld -
irlH lAIIIHa ItH I I nil 1 I til We also hftve a novelty for Blcycie Riders-Can-
IfIJJ LilillBi) UIUJLib lIUUIKI
OF THE feet, and are just the thing to wear when riding ia
the country. Popular prices, *1 50 per pair.
Pill fll.tMllll"! «B- Country orders solicited.
1 flLifl Ulw [Hi I CLI *»■ Send for Xew Illustrated Catalogue.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. B - KATCHINSKI,
openuntilmidkight. PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
: , ; -- i . — — — — 10 Third Street, San FrancUco.
MlUfs'S COAL! COAL!
« m SBk ' SSnnntATC nicnrucAnv touthiiei.i 950 .""*
GW W Wrn/VAlt DISPENSARY. Genuine Uoos Bay fi 5()-Half ton. S5O
QPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, IKCLXJD- l^ant ' !oo~Half w£ iw
O ing hll forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dis- Telenhonp ' nVT'oi""" °°- Hftlf ton. 400
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Kook sent free. lelephone-Biack-35.
Fatients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Oflire . — —
Hours, 9to daily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays, KNTrKrWRnfTTVO rinAT r«r»
10 to 12. Consultation free und sacredly conflden- | ttflltJliKßOtliLß COAL CO., ,
tlul. Call, or address o2!« Howard Street, Near First.
I». roscok HcirCXiT'X'. wr.i>.. ; ■
261^ Kearny Street. Sa,, I ran, i.oo, Cnl. BnißglblgJ-^iroK BABBERa BAK-
<"■• bootblacks, bata-
NOTAPV PITRI B3BHH3»BiS.Oho™es, blUlard-tabl^t
livl ni\l > r UUlwlv> brewers, bookbinJers, candy-makers, cannars,
/^IHAKI^E3 H. PHILLIPS, ATTORN'EY-AT- * y * r> ' flonrmllls, foundries, laundries, paoer-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1620 i *** n# BOCHASAN 155r08.,
Fell st. Telephone "Pine" 2591. ' Brush Manufacturer^ 609 Sacram«nt«Stk>
RAMBLER OFFER No. 4. $300 IN GOLD.
This amount will be presented to the Individual rider havinc to his credit the sreatest mileage be-
tween April land December 1, 1896, on a Rambler Bicycle fitted with G. & J. TIBS 3.
RAMBLER OFFER No. 5. $200 IN GOLD.
To the individual rider havin? to his credit the greatest mileage between April 1 and December 1
1896, on any bicycle other than a Karubler, but fitted with G. & J. TIRES.
FOR FURTHER -.-- -^^
' PARTICULARS SEE * *1T - y. M^^— f^^—^rt " * tT» BX
THOS. H. B. .zS^^tscV /\ Jr^** 55^ BICLORAMA,
VARNEY, iJ^Mii^Wf/ \f^/^5/?^ Market, Tenth and Stevem-
Gormully <fe Jeffery \^n}^^* P^ BAN FRANCIS
Manufacturing Company. California.
DO NOT FORGET THE OTHER OFFERS:
OFFER No.' 1-SIOOO KAMBLER BICYCLE for the Fastest Amateur Ramble*
Mile. "
OFFKR No. 2-*SOO GOLD for the Race Meet Where the Fastest Amateur Ram-
bier Mile Is Ridden. . wur «*»n-
OFFER No. 3-S4OO GOLD for the Club Harin B the Greatest Mileaee to It.
Credit Between April 1 and December 1, 1896. on R»mble»
1 Bicycles Fitted With G. & J. TIRES. Kamoie*,-Mova M e Seacoas, B.«. r> , 2 - Xordenfeldt Boat BMam^ •-«-*-«. Boa, A^ve W.U, ,-Mova,,,. Torpedo . Boa , s_Transporting5 _ Transporting PortMc F L. Ovcn . on Cars W ith P latform , 7 - Traveling Field .
O^nandl^tchen. 8-Bicycle for Transporting Wounded. <).-Field Oven. 10-The Nautilus Submarine Boat.
MODERN WAR INVENTIONS
EVER since the War of the Rebel
lion gave rise to American inven
tion in destructive weapons there
has been a wide field thrown open
for the ingenuity of all mankind.
The most wonderful ideas have taken shape
and most preposterous notions have been
spread around as to wnat some of these
wonderful inventions will do, or what they
will not do. Still, though the majority of
them have been failures under the test of
a< tual service conditions, enough have
been developed so efficiently as to well
lead us to believe that the time of the mil
lennium canuot be very far distent, since
the destructive powers of new inventions
are so terrible that men cannot survive
under their action. It is possible now to
fight not only on iand but in the air above
the land and in the water beneath it. I
propose to give here descriptions of a few
of the more wonderful weapons — not
puns- ami it may be stated that while in
one or two cases the development has not
been perfect yet it has gone far enough to
insure absolute perfection at no very dis
tant day.
Among the types of craft to fight under
water, the Nordenfeldt boat seems to have ;
achieved the greatest success. There are j
two types in this country, the Peacemaker, |
and another invented by a Chicago man, |
tiuit have seemed to be excellent till j
vlaced under water in working conditions, j
vhenit was found t hoy could not reach \
that point their inventors bad claimed for j
them. The Nordenfeldt boat is about 125 j
feet long by 12 feet beam and displaces j
•when submerged about 230 tons, but when \
light lt.s displacement is reckoned at 165
tons, it is driven by 1000-fiorsepower j
engines at a speed of 15 knots on the sur- !
face of the water, and al-out 5 knots when '■
y. submerged. lt.s boilers contain about 27 j
tons of hot water, while tanks on board!
contain li.~> tons of cold water.
When the tanks are full, the boat is sub- j
merged, and Ly the action of sinking pro- '
pellers cau be kept in a horizontal position I
fat any depth. The usual position in driv- ,
ing forward would be at a depth just sufli- I
cient to keep the conning tower alone !
above water, so that the captain can see i
where to direct the boat. In the conning
tower are instruments to show the depth,
the level and the course. The lighting is
done by electricity. In the bow are tor
pedo tubes, and when near a vessel the
boat is entirely submerged and approaches
to a distance sufficient to insure accuracy i
and discharges her torpedoes with deadly I
effect. J
Another successful form of submarine '
torpedo-boat is called the Waddington i
from its inventor. It is a boat of small
dimensions, only 36 to 40 feet in length !
and 6 in width, and is divided into three
compartments by two bulkheads. The end '
chambers are filled with compressed air !
winch may be needed for either respiration !
or for furnishing motive power, but the '
principal motive power is electricity which !
U stored up in accumulators of 600ampere
boon each, there bein X forty-five boxes
arranged in the central chamber, as seen |
in the illustration. The torpedo propelled
by this boat is also novel. It is of the usual
shape, but the motive power is derived
from the combustion of three rows of four
100-pound rocket-tubes filled with rocket
powder. The gas generated by the com
bustion escapes through a nozzle and acts
on a small turbine which revolves the tor
pedo s screw. A speed of twenty-four
miles, and good to run one mile at that
rate, has been secured and demonstrated.
Like the >ordenfeldt, this boat may be
entirely submerged or only partially
Another form called the Nautilus, which
13 submerged, runs forward and discharges
its torpedoes entirely by accumulated elec
tricity.
An'interesting design shown is that for
an aerial ship, which the inventor pro
poses not only to propel and direct against
the wind or wherever he pleases, but he
also expects to carry up into the air with
him a large squad of men, who shall be
employed in throwing down on the heads
of an enemy's army or fortress or town
high explosives. This is one of the proD
abilities of the future that has not yet
proved an entire success, but which un
doubtedly will ere long. Thus, for in
stance, it is reported to us that the Prus
sian general staff ia enthusiastic &yer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
i Count Zeppelin's steerabJe balloon, which
can rise 1200 yards, travel eleven miles an
hour, carry two tons, slay up fully a week
and then descend without throwing out
either ballast or gas. When such success is
attained as seems in this case undeniable,
then the day is not far distant wnen pro
tection from overhead fire will be as neces
sary to men in fortresses as on board ships
of war.
The experience of the English in the
Egyptian war proved that railroad cars
might be maue into portable batteries, and
they constructed several armor-clad cars,
which were pushed by a locomotive, and
on board of which cars were placed field
guns and Maxims. The Fiench have car
ried the idea still further, proposing to
apply the system of carrying guns to sea
coast fortifications. All tiiat seems neces
sary is to throw up a long line of earth
works—and since earth is cheap and sand
plenty on the seacoast this costs but the
labor — and behind these walls lay several
ttackfl on which shall ply cars with the
heaviest guns mounted on board. The
guns may concentrate quickly at any point
desired, and then as quickly be moved to
another. Being on the move would make
them difficult oojects to hit by shot tired
from warships, and it is but necessary for
them to stop an instant to fire ere going
forward again. But as it is a poor rule
that does not work m more than one way
the French also have constructed railways
for the purpose of transferring torpedo
boats and small vessels from one place to
another.
The bicycle has come to stay in modern
war and plays an important part, and not
only is it to be used in carrying scouts and
intelligence-seekers, but also for the trans
port of ammunition a,nd the wounded. A
wheel is shown fitted with a litter for
carrying the wounded, ana surely no am
bulance can be more comfortable or ad
justable than this "bike," nor move as
rapidly.
The providing of bread and other rations
for the modern armies is a difficult
problem. A number of devices to over
come these difficulties have been devised.
A field oven is represented and shows the
means by which it can be carried on two
pack mules. This oven will provide bread
for an entire battalion ; but while it is
per table a/id effective and ca>a be taken
anywhere, yet it has to be unpacked and
set up when wanted for use. This is a
drawback in an army advancing, and to
overcome this the traveling field oven is
designed and used by all foreign armies.
It contains an oven, a hot-water boiler, a
hot-air oven and boilers for coffee and
souj). It is intended for a company of 200
nie.i, and while the army is marching this
wagon, drawn by four mules and followed
by a fuel-cart. Is in full operation. The
apparatus requires four men, one to drive
the wagon, one to drive the fuel-cart and
two to cook. The bake oven for bread,
the roasting oven for meats and
th« boilers for soup and coffee
may all be put in full blast
with the result tliat on making the halts
for night or noon the meal is ready for the
men, and the bread for the next day is
baked. And all at a cost of time 'and
labor far les- th:in the old method of every
man looking out for himself, and with in
finitttlv more comfort. If you can feed
your soldiers well, you can do anything
with them, provided they are the risrht
INSTINCT IN THE LOWER ANIMALS.
Not Infallible by Any Means.
IN the course of my rambles this morn
ing I came upon a despoiled nest
lyine beside the pathway.
i knew whose home it had been,
for I had watched the labors of the
pair of goldfinches building it and had
longed at the time to tell them they were
i not building wisely. To all appearances
i they had chosen well, but I knew what
! they, as recent settlers, oonld not be ex
j pected to know— that the scruboak in
'whose sheltering branches they had lo
j cated stood on the bank of a little gully,
up which at rare intervals the north wind
tore madly, shaking and twisting the
growing tnings in its track until one
might fancy them shrieking for mercy.
But alas! I am not versed in the lan
guage of birds, and I was forced to leave
them to nature's not always tencer teach
| ing. They completed their nest just in
j time for the visit of our last norther and
the inevitable result confronted me this
morning as I strolled that way.
The owners of the little house had fled,
so I brought it with me and it lies upon
my desk now, a pathetic reminder of the
instinct that failed. Or, no, instinct never
fails its possessor. If the birds had been
| governed by instinct in their choice of a
j location for their nest they would have
made no mistake, but their blunder alone
is sufficient proof, were one needed, that
they are guided by reason. For reason
implies the possibility of error. Perhaps
it is not too much to say that the more
highly developed the reasoning faculty the
greater the possibility of its going astray.
It is to those orders that have no real con
sciousness, that are governed wholly by
instinct, that we must look for perfect
adaptation of life. We do not find the
tap-root of a tree making mistakes. It ex
ercises an ingenuity so subtle that Darwin
has likened it to the brain of animals.
But it does bettor for the plant than, a
kind of men ; butit makes no difference
what kind of men they are or however
much patriotism or enthusiasm for their
cause they may be imbued with, if they
cannot have proper sustenance either in
quantity or food.
Many other wonderful and curious in
ventions might be enumerated, including
the new men-of-war and new guns, but
they are now so .veil understood that no
description is needed. New powder?, guns
for throwing dynamite in large masses,
torpedoes themselves, guns that throw out
their projectiles a thousand a minute,
powders and explosives so terrible that
the old black gunpowder is mild in com
parison, armor to resist terrific blows, find
projectiles weighing over a ton, all the
wonders that steam and electricity and
Chemistry can call into play as agents in
the awful game of destruction of that most
precious of possessions — human life — all
these are fairly well understood, ami yet
t'icir destructive powers will be small
when the machines above described have
been perfected as they ultimately will be.
brain coulii possibly do. It feels its way
through the darkness, underground, avoid
ing every obstruction, creeping under and
about every barrier, sending out branches
at every available coign of vantage, until
the tree or plant is securely anchored,
deep down where the roots can not only
hold it firmly, but can hnd moisture and
food for the growing stem above ground.
The root of a tree has been known to twist
upon itself and push its way toward a
well dug years afi»r it started upon its un
derground journey.
Some months ago, during one of the
congresses which Hie women of this State
are so fond of holding, a speaker made ibe
stalement that of all the human children
born half die before they reach the age of
rive years, and of these halt die before
they are one year old. it is probable that
this statement could not be successfully
denied. The infant mortality of the hu
man race is deplorably large, despite the
rapid progress science has made in the
last quarter-century. But the further
statement of the clever speaker, in this
connection, is, beyond a peradventure,
open to question. No other order of
creatures, she added, makes so shameful a
showing.
It is rather a popular sort of thing,
nowadays, to decry the human race. We
are wont to speak of poor human nature
with a shake of the head, and an air of
deprecating the outlook for its future. We
have got our government into hopeless
confusion. Our men are deteriorating
morally, our women are too ignorant and
too willful to bring up their children prop
erly, and the death rate among the young
of the race is in shameful contrast to the
showing among other creatures. So, too,
we are constantly hearing of the physical
ills to which human beings, above all
races, are subject.
Tnis would be a terrible arraignment,
were it true. As it is, the showing is not
flattering to the most highly endowed race
in the scaleof being. But if human parents
do not know how to care for their little
ones, aud to make the beat provision for
their welfare,»neither, on the whole, can it
be said that the lower animals excel them
in this regard, fl'he maternal reason would
seem to be no greater among them than
among us, while the maternal instinct,
probably because acting in a certain degree
in concert with the reason, is much less
infallible than in the vegetable kingdom.
As a showing for the king of beasts,
Henry M, Star ley is authority for the
statement that three out of every five
lion cubs die daring the procoss of cutting
their teeth. Other famous hunters testify
to an almost equal mortality among tiger
cubs, and of the grown creatures them
selves it is said that a perfect skin is al
most impossible to secure, so apt are these
tierce carnivora to be alHicted with mange.
Among sheep and cattle, even in the
semi-wildr.ess of great herds on the plains,
maternal instinct is frequently so feeble
as to endanger the lives of the young. Let
a mother-ewe lose sight of her lambkin for
even a brief period, and she does not recog
nize it again. Not even human mother
hood can show stupidity exceeding that of
the cows of India. These creatures are so
excessively maternal in their feeling that
one of them will not let down her mile
unless her calf is beside her. So the In
dian calf is not weaned, as is the custom in
other countries, but if it dies, or is slain, a
frequent occurrence, the skin is pre
served, and, wrapped about a bundle of
rags or straw, is exhibited to the mother
cow nt milking time. Smelling it, she is
quite satisfied, and will not hold back her
milk. Bach is the marvelous efficacy of
maternal reason and feeling in the brute
creation.
Herbert Spencer cites as a ridiculously
unmaternal act the fact that he once saw a
mother shake her baby because it would
not nurse. Unreasonable the act certainly
seems, but I bare often seen a mare kick
her foal or a cat box her kitten's ears for
the same offense.
Many curious instances of failure of both
instinct and reason along these lines occur
among the birds, really the most intelli
gent, next to humankind, of all the crea
tures. The reasonableness manifested by
birds in, the building of their nests and
the rearing of their young broods is one of
the most interesting things in nature. The
oriole will tie strings together, attach the
ends to the projecting twigs of a suitable
branch and swing its nest therefrom in a
fashion that has an almost uncanny sug
gestion of human wisdom. But the bird
will sometimes miscalculate >in tne selec
tion of a branch and cliooseone that is not
strong enough to hold the nest securely
and the wee birdlings will be spilled pre
maturely to the ground.
1 have seen the nest of a small bird, be
side whose eggs the unmaternal cowbunt
ing had deposited one of her own. This is
a favorite trick of the cowbunting, who
builds no nest and broods no young. But,
detecting the intruder, the - owners had
gone to work and built a new bottom to
the structure, cutting off not only the
alien egg,, but the rightful eggs of the
little hen - whoso nest it was. A
clever device, certainly, but how about the
wisdom and maternal feeling that deliber- I
ately destroys its ~ own offspring ' rather '
than aid in rearing that of a stranger? In
other instances; the mother bird has not
even been so clever, but has sat upon and
hatched the intending egg, at the expense
of her own, which, being smaller, were
kept from the feathered warmth of the
brooding breast until they were addled
and came to naught. .Nay, more, I
have known of ft ease wkere all th« eggs
hatched, but the fledgling of the cow-
I bunting being larger and more vigorous
than those of its foster-mother, it seized,
I upon all the food the parent birds brought,
j and crowded and overrode its nest mates
until they suffocated or starved. But the
devoted mother went right on feeding the
selfish creature, who, so soon as it was
able, flew off without bo much as thank
you.
A careful watching of birds and their
ways bas not afforded me any evidence
I that the parent birds are able to discrimi
nate in feeding their young between the
gaping mouth that caught the last worm
or seed brought and the one beside it that
has had none. The morsel, so far as I
have been able to judge, is popped into the
[ beak that is thrust the highest, and there
is always a scramble for first place among
the birdlings, who, most distinctly and
despite the good Dr. Watts' assertion, do
not "in their little nests agree."
Thpre is no occasion here to speak at
length of those animals that are known
not intrequently to kill and devour their
own young. I am not endeavoring to
make any point of failure of maternal care
through viciousness, but only through,
blunder and stupidity, the two offenses
most frequently brought against hu
manity.
Nor am I contending that there is any
real parallelism in this regard between
the human race and the lower animals.
They only presuppose such parallelism
who criticize and" judge humanity by the
lower standard. The possibility of exer
cising reason presupposes the possibility
of error in its exercise. The human being
possesses reason, intelligence, in a far
higher degree than does the brute. Ha
possesses, moreover, the power of learning
from experience and of handing on the
wisdom thus gained. And out of the ac
cumulated knowledge of the ages has
grown the sense of moral obligation|which,
among other things, prompts such super
ficial criticism of the race as I have quoted.
But it prompts other things as weli, and
through obedience to those other prompt
ings the human race, the wretched,
groveling, feeble human race, makes the
best showing of any order on eartn, in the
intelligent rearing'and care of its young.
It most certainly should do so. lam
not offering this statement as a source of
pride. There is little enough occasion for
pride in the progress we have yet made,
but the statement can be made in contra
diction to sweeping comparisons between
man and the brutes.
But my wee eoldtinches were not dis
heartened by the failure of their first
building enterprise. I am fairly certain
that it was the same pair I saw, as I con
tinued my stroll, hard at work making a
new nest, this time, as nearly as I could
judge, in a thicket of wild briar-rose, wild
blackberry and megarrhiza, and there
should fate be propitious; should no soar
ing hawk swoop down upon the parent
birds; should no stealthy snake or prying
squirrel discover and dine off the eegs
should no wanton schoolboy find and bear
off the nest, or, should no chance passer
frighten away the little hen. they will rear
their brood and send them forth to glad
den the streamside willows with their
sunny color and cheery song.
Adeline Kxapp.
The bank statistics of Ireland for 1895
are the most satisfactory ever recorded
and show that Ireland has but to be let
alone to attain a thoroughly sound «co
toiuic condition.
1516
TO write in detail the life-story of
\ Don Carlos M'Arti would require
j many months' work and it would
JL make a book of thousands of
pages. At present his home in
this City is at 1713 Broadway. He is pass
ing his days quietly enough now, but
during his life he has, perhaps, seen more
actual naval warfare than any man now
living.
This sketch can only briefly outline the
principal events in a most exciting career
that extended over nearly a quarter of a
century. In that time Don Carlos fought
against five different nations and aided in
■even] expeditions against pirates. He
also did his share toward putting down a
numb.T of insurrections, rebellions and
mutinies. During his years of service
very few weeks passed without giving him
a chance to smell powder. Cannon-balls
and bullets by the thousands have passed
within a few inches of his head and he
has seen so many men killed by his side
that he has lost count of them.
Although haring a Spanish title Don
Carlos M'Arti was not horn in Spain, but
in Ireland. That was fifty-four years ago,
cud the priest who baptized him gave him
the name of Charles. His memories of
his home are raiher dim, as it was
SINKING OF THE CHILEAN CORVETTE ESMERALDA BY THE PERUVIAN IRONCLAD HUASCAR.
[From a painting by a Chilean artist who saw the fight. I
broken up by his going to sea and his
parents coming to America.
At the age of 14 Charles, as lie
■was then called, enlisted for ten years
as an apprentice in the Briti-h
frigate Royal George ana his vessel
at once started for the war then being
waged in China. He got plenty of excite
ment on this trip serving in the capacity
of ''powder monkey." The Royal George
wa9 in several engagements with land
forts and junks. There was a great deal of
hot fighting and a large number of men
killed. Charles was one of the landing
party at the taking of Hongkong. Be
fore the Chinese war was over he was
transferred to the Nyrnphe ana did several
months' service in the Crimea.
When the War of the Rebellion broke
out in this country Charle3 wa« most anx
ious to leave the British service and take
up arms for the Union. His parents had
sent him money and he had received word
that hia father was in the held. This
caused him to desert his ship, but as he
had become an exuert gunner diligent
search was made which resulted in his be
ing captured and put in irons for a time.
Soon afterward his father was killed at the
battle of fchiloh and he determined to re
main in the British service until his time
was up and make a careful study of gun
nery.
It did not take him long to get into
service again after he was honorably dis
charged in 1806. He was offered induce
ments by his officers to re-enlist, but pre
ferred to try his hand in another part of
the world, and joined tne Peruvian frigate
Independence, then being lilted out in
Liverpool for the war against Spain. At
the same time the ironclad Huascar was
beinc constructed at Birkenbead, and
when it was finished both vessels started
on a cruise together. They arrived at ltio
Janeiro at the same time, and wbilfl there
Battle Between the British Man-of-War Shah and the Peruvian Rebel Ironclad
liuascar.
[From a sketch by an officer present.)
A SEA-FIGHTER
FOR TWENTY-THREE YEARS
the young Irish gunner was transferred
to the Huascar. When his abilities became
known he was given the first position in
the turret and the title of Dan Carlos
M'Arti. From that day his history and
the history of the Hua'scar are woven to
gether.
The Huascar w»s scarcely a montn old
when the first man was killed on her
decks. It was a cold-blooded murder on
the part of Commodore Salsado, who split
the head of a young .English lieutenant for
being absent in llio Janeiro without leave.
Charges were preferred against him, but
the commodore made up his mind to tret
out without paying any attention to them.
He attempted to pass the forts with both
vessels, but they were fired at and struck
several times. The Independence turned
back. The Huascar, however, did succeed
in getting away, but came back. Commo
dore Salsado knowing the Independence
would be held. He was acquitted on the
trial, as it was shown that the murdered
man was a hard character, who had served
in the Confederate navy.
Both the Huascar and the Indepen
dence left llio Janeiro on a Wednesday in
May, 1866, and on the following Sunday
Don Carlos M'Arti fired the first gun from
the ironclad's turret. It was not much of
a right, but the Peruvians came out of it
with two Spanish ships to show for tlvMr
trouble. One was sent around the Horn
to Callao and the other was sunk because
there was no crew to put on board of her.
This was the beginning of the Huascar's
j fighting, and before she had passed
I through the Straits of Magellan Don
! Carloa had trained her guns on over a
| dozen vessels. Everything hostile was
j either sunk or captured. There had been
a number of hand-to-hand fights, and the
decks of the Huascar at times literally
i ran with blood.
When tne latitude of the Horn was
reached the ironclad struck her first cale,
and for a time it looked as if she would go
to the bottom. The Huascar was the first
vessel of her class to enter the Pacific,
and the long, heavy seas swept over her,
so that she was liandlei with great diffi
culty.
The war with Spain lasted many months
and there was fighting nearly every week,
so that Don Carlos was almost constantly
in the turret working his guns. By the
time Callao was reached the Spanish fleet
in those waters was wiped out of exist
ence. The crew were paid off and given
their first shore liberty in over a year.
They were the lions of the hour and the
Peruvians could not do enough for them.
By 18G8 the war with Spain was prac-
I tically over, although there was consider
able trouble for a while on account of in
ternational complications.
In 1371 Don Carlos had a rest. The
Huascar was laid up in Callao with noth
ing to do. In 1872 a revolution started
because of the election of General Balto to
ttie Presidency. That made things very
j lively for a lime. The rebels were con
i tinually making attempts to capture the
Huascar and a number of bloody lights re
sulte 1, but the crew were well paid by the
Government and never gave up the ship.
In 1877 the Huascar met her first defeat
in battle. It seems that another revolu
tion started that year and on some pretext
the Huascar was sent to Lima, where she
met a grand reception. It turned out to
be a revolutionary plot. The first night
l in port the officers' attended a dinner given
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
in their honor and while the y were absent
the Huascar was captured by the rebels
and sailed out of the h:»rbor. At a point
down the coast the rebel leader, Don
Pierola, came aboard and took command.
Don Carlos M'Arti, who was aboard at the
time of the capture, was made a prisoner
and told that he would either have to work
the guns or be put in irons. He was put
in irous ana the Huascar began a career
little short of piracy. Merchant vessels of
neutral nations were robbed of coal and
provisions. The Independence was sent
after the Huascar, but of course would not
right the ironclad, and the rebels had
things all their own way until the English
men-of-war, Khah and Amethyst, got after
them to demand an account for depreda
tions against British commerce.
The Huascar had been in the harbor of
Ylo for several days when on the morn
ing of May 22, LK77, the lookout saw the
smoke of two vessels out at sea. Thinking
it was the Peruvian fleet, the rebel com
mander gave orders to prepare for action.
When the three ships met the British cap
tain asked Pierola to surrender, but he,
emboldened by his successes, refused by
saying that he would right as long as he
had a grain of powder left. He did not
fight very long, iiowever, as the first shot
from the Shah carried away the flag, and
in another moment an electric broadside
cleared the spar deck of everything mov
able. After firing a number of ineffectual
shots the Huascar made an attempt to
ram the Shah, but that vessel was handled
so nicely that she got out of the way, and,
turning around, delivered another electric
broadside tnat almost Dlew the ironclad
out of the water. All of her plates were
started, and she ran close in shore to get
out of the right. The Shah was injured
but slightly. During the night a fog came
up, and Huascar made her escape to Iqni
que, where Pierola surrendered to the Pe
ruvians, exDlaining the condition of the
Huascar by saying that he had battled
with and sunk the Shah. But when tuu
Shah steamed into port a few hours later
her captain was thanked for crippling the
Huascar, and by so doing practically end
ing the revolution. A number of men
were killed on the Huascar, but the Shah
had only one injured. The Amethyst took
little part in the tight. She fired a few
shots at first and then withdrew with
smoke coming from her hatches. It was
said that a hot-shot from the Huascar had
set her on fire, but this was denied by the
officers of the British vessel.
While the Huascar was being repaired,
Don Carlos had a chance to rest a few
months, and was then called to duty in
the war over the nitrate beds, with Chile
on one side and Peru and Bolivia on the
other. There was hard lighting from the
start, as the fleets of both sides were con
stantly on the lookout for each other and
spent their time in cruising from port to
port.
The first naval battle of that war was be
tween the Huascar and the Chilean cor
vette Esmeralda.near Iquique. Don Carlos
had his old place in the turret, and accord
ing to his story, the battle was fierce and
bloody. At this time the Hua-car was in
command of Captain Grau. Before open
ing fire, he asked the Esmeralda to surren
der, and for answer got a broadside, which,
however, did little damage. After several
shots that missed, Don Carloa put one
through the Esmeralda's boilers, render
ing her helpless, so that she drifted on a
reef, where she was rammed by the Huas
car and sank in a few minutes.
BefqVe the Huascar could back out,
Captain Prat and eight men of the
Esmeralda jumped aboard and a bloody
fight took place on the ironclad's decks.
The sentinel was shot the first thing
and the men put their backs to the
turret, making a bard fight. Captain
Prat was in the act of jumping for
Greu's tower, when his head wascut off by
an Indian seaman. The eight men were
finally killed, and the work of picking up
the survivors of the Esmeralda com
menced. Some of the Chileans refused to
be saved by the Peruvians, many of them
shooting at their rescuers while struggling
in the water.
While this conflict was goinp on the In
dependence had attacked the Chilean gun
boat Covadongo, but that vessel did not
stop to fight. She escaped by steaming
over a shoal, and when the Independence
attempted to follow Bhe struck a reef and
sunk. The Peruvians certainly had the
worst of the tight, as they had lost one of
their best ships and had only destroyed a
tl.ird-rate one of the enemy's.
The Huascar, in company with the
Union and Pilcomayo, went back to Callao
and shipped good crews. Then another
cruise along the coast began. When Iqui
qus was again reached the Chilean trans
port steamer Martise Quesino was cap
tured by firing one shot from a forty-pound
gun. She was taken in tow, but in a few
minutes had to be abandoned, as the
whole Chilean fleet was been entering the
harbor.
The Huascar managed to dodge them,
and then began a chase that lasted all the
next day, when the Chileans gave up.
W hen the Huascar reached Arica she was
almost out of coal.
Don Carlos fought in the battle of Anto
fogasta on August 24, 1879. Two Chilean
corvettes— the Magellan and the Abtow—
were hidden in the harbor when the Huas
car entered and came from behind some
English merchant-ships and gave her a
broadside. The shore batteries also
o P er }ed fire, but did little damage. A
shell from Don Carlos' turret struck the
mainmast of the Abtow, killing the engi
neer and eighteen sailors. Firing was
kept up all day, but toward night the
Chileans went back behind the English
merchant-ships and the Huascar withdrew
with the loss of two men.
On the Bth of October the Huascar went
to the port of Anatages. Captain Grau in
tending to destroy the Chilean troopships
there. But it happened that the enemy's
Meet was just around the point, aiid word
was sent there iv time to permit plans to
be made.
At 2:30 o'clock the next morning, when
the Huascar was attempting to leave the
harbor, intending to ateara to Arica, she
was surrounded by the Chilean fleet, the
commander of which had so distributed
his vessels as to make escape impossible.
The battle commenced at ten minutes
past 9 in the morning, and the first shot
was fired by Don Carlos from the turret of
the Huascar at the Chilean ironclad Alrai
rante Cochrane. It was only a common
shell and did little damage, but the Coch
rane returned it at close range and put a
ahot through the bows of the Huascar.
Both the Blanco Encalada and the Coch
rane poured snot and shell on top of the
Huascar. The little ironclad returned the
fire until her machinery was disabled, and
Don Carlos was the only man left alive in
the turret, the rest being killed by the ex
plosion of a shell that came in through the
porthole. The three vessels had by this
time come to cl>se quarters, and when Don
Carlos found his gun worthless he went on
deck and took part in the hand-to-hand
conflict raging there, never ceasing until
the last officer had given up the ship nnd
declared the Huascar beaten. Toward the
end of the struggle there was a great deal
of bravado on the part of some of the men,
but when it came to the pinch they showed
cowardice. One man told everybody to
jump overboard, as he was going to fire his
pistol into the magazine and blow the
vessel up. Many men believed him, but
when the enemy searched the vessel after
wards he was concealed in a safe place. It
was discovered later that he had not taken
any active part in the battle. There were
numerous other cases of the same kind,
and in fact, Don Carlos says, the only men
who really did their duty were the Ameri
cans and Englishmen who were in 'the
crew.
All the officers of the Huascar except
one were killed in the engaeement, the
first being Captain Gran, who was cut in
two by a shell in the conning tower. As
fast as an officer took the place he was
killed until the small space was piled deep
with mangled bodies. At this time pan
demonium reigned and the two Chilean
vessels continued to pour shot and shell
into the Huascar until her colors were
shot away. In all hfty-four men were
killed. This number would have been
much less had not a big shell exploded in
the cabin where the surgeon was at work,
killing him and twenty wounded men.
When the Chilean flag had been run up
on the Huascar she was towed to Valpa
raiso, where she was repaired and in two
months was ready to fight a^ain.
Don Carlos M'Arti lost everything he
had in the world when the Huascar was
captured by the Chileans. He did not
have a cent of money and there was no
prospect of getting any work. After
great hardships he managed to reach Pan
ama, where a frtendiy captain gave him
passage to San Francisco. He has made a
few voyages since coming here, one being
to the Arctic in the Rush, but never did
any fighting since that awful day on the
Huascar.
In spite of the many baltles he has been
through Don Carlos has never received a
wound except a slight burn on the back of
his hands. He has not a single scar to
show for all his fighting, but it has told on
him by making him look about fifteen
years older than he is.
Scene in the Turret of the Huascar at the Battle With the Chilean Fleet.
[From descriptions by Don Carlos 3PArti.]
WHY SOME MEN WILL NOT BE INTERVIEWED
BY "W. O. MORROW.
The newspaper interview, by the grace
of a perfectly natural desire on the part
of most people to be interviewed and the
wish of all to read interviews, has become
a marked feature of the daily news. On
this account there is much interest in the
phase of the subject presented by Cor
nelius Vanderbilt in his persistent refusal
to be interviewed. No question of etiquette
is involved in his case. No reporter would
think of seeking an interview with the
President of the United States or a crowned
personage of Europe. Even the Prince of
Wales may not be interviewed, although
he is one of the most democratic and genial
of gentlemen and could grant an interview
without any fear of disagreeable conse
queuces on the score of misrepresentation.
But etiquette forbids his being interviewed.
Mr. Vauderbilt's assigned reason for
refusing to be interviewed is that his
father was once incorrectly made to damn
the public in that hearty way that became
him so well. It is bitterly and persistently
denied that he ever gave vent to that ob
jurgation. These denials do little credit
totneold gentleman s independence of
character. He may never have said it, but
everybody will think he did, for every
intelligent person of any character and
force feels like saying it at times. Not to
say it, is merely to have some tact. It
behooves millionaires in business to be
tactful. Moreover, those who think that
the elder Vanderbilt's remark was so
dreadful a thing to say overlook the fact
that it never could have done the old
gentleman the least harm, and that, on the
contrary, it raised him in the estimation
of the thousands of brainy world-builders
who want to say it and are afraid, and who
acquire an added respect for the man who,
in a moment of petulance, blurts it out.
Vicarious swearing is more satisfying than
vicarious praying.
Cornelius Vanderbilt avoids interviewers
professedly ior the reason that they may
misrepresent him as they did his father,
and that hence his ability for making
money out of the masses may be curtailed
by the operation of a resentful feeling.
No other reason has been given, and we
must take that as all. It would be far
more agreeable to assume that as a man
"worth" $100,000,000 (note the significant
meaning which this decent word has come
to acquire in recent times) is a Hundred
million times as worthy as a man "worth"
$1, it would not be becoming to his supe
rior position to place himself on a level
with men of smaller worth who are will
ing to be interviewed. That need not be
regarded as superciliousness; we may call
it a self-appreciation. This in its proper
aspects is an admirable thing, for if it is
not vanity it is pride, and that is one of
the best things in the world. It is differ
ent from self-consciousness, which belongs
to girls of the adolescent age and to peo
ple who remain adolescent all their lives,
never maturing.
We are not even permitted to believe
that Mr. Vanderbilt has a lack of confi
dence in his own intelligence and tact
which, makes him avoid the dread inquisi
tor of the press. For ability to meet an
interviewer with perfect self-command, a
fine wit and a shrewd tongue is possessed
only by persons of uncommon intelligence.
The man who can lie glibly in a burst of
confidence is an artist. The impressive
person with a large and imposing manner
who overwhelms a reporter with his mag
nificent weight is a genius. The ability
to be interviewed is a fortune to its pos
sessor. It comprises brains, tact, a wise
assumption of becoming modesty and a
certain kindness of heart. It is as easy to
refuse an interview as it is to insult a
beggar or strike a woman. We are not
permitted to believe even that Mr. Van
derbiU's refusal to be interviewed is a
modest and gentlemanly confession of
inability to talk intelligently without in
juring his money-earning power.
On the contrary, we are forced to accept
the bald and naked explanation that, as
his father had once been misrepresented,
he also might be, and that his large inter
ests do not permit him to take risks with
misrepresentations which may affect his
revenues. That is the explanation given
by Chauncey M. Depew, who in giving it
seems to furnish evidence of a spirit
strangely out of harmony with his usual
aspect of kindliness. It means simply to
say that Mr. Vanderbilt, being of necessity
sordid, prefers a fearful to a tactful sordid
ness. In other words, as men of brains,
culture and kindliness regard the inter
viewer as an exceedingly useful imple
ment for advancing their worldly inter
ests, Mr. Vanderbilt must forego that ad
vantage by reason apparently of a fear
that in spite of the fact that the benefits
of an interview immeasurably offset its
dangers, Mr. Vanderbilt cannot turn that
circumstance to account in his pursuit of
money. If I were his nearest friend I
should be ashamed to make that confes
sion concerning him.
Many persons coming into conspicuous
positions blunder under the interview out
of sheer ignorance of the world and its
ways. They are unable at first to realize
that eminence, whether temporary and
adventitious or worthy and lasting, is de
structive of perfect privacy, and that the
newspaper is the commonly accepted
bureau of publicity and promotion. It
helps infinitely more than it hurts, and he
who is not aware of that fact has his first
useful lesson of the world to learn. The
tyro in the experience of being inter
viewed may resent newspaper inquiry as
an impertinent intrusion upon an exdu
siveness which no one has a right to pene
trate, or a ruinous interference with pri
vate matters with which the world can
have no concern. Resentment of the in
terview under such circumstances is
merely a confession of vanity without
wisdom in the one case and a lack of
adroitness in the other.
It is impossible for such persons to un
derstand that the newspaper above all
things else is the one perfect expression of
all the complex qualities of our civiliza
tion. If interviews seemingly of a cruelly
inquisitive nature, without a worthy mo
tive for their seeking, were not eagerly
read and thus demanded even by those
who denounce the practice of "prying into
private matters," they would never be pub
lished. The demand of the age is that
each person shall know what his neighbor
is doing. He who would run counter to
this spirit places himseif at a grievous dis
advantage, because the world is hard and
jeering and will not place a charitable con
struction on any endeavor to conceal what
it desires to know. The position of re
fusal is so out of joint with the rule which
moves the <race as to make the one who
occupies it signally conspicuous by reason
of his nonconformity. He is more than
conspicuous — he is grotesque.
Tnis suggests the shrewdness with which
some distinguished persons have appar
ently sought to make themselves oddly
conspicuous by avoiding interviewers. It
would be cruel* and perhaps unjust, to ex
plain the persistent silence of Edwin
Booth and Ellen Terry on that ground.
Booth was a sensitive, moody, morbid, ab
normal man, between whom and the roar
ing world that bellowed praises at his
feet was raised a wall that no human feet
could scale. Unhappiness was written on
every line of his seamed face and sat deep
and imperishable in his wonderful eves.
Following the assassination of President
Lincoln by Wilkes Booth, Edwin traveled
for many a dark day in abject wretched
ness and complete isolation. Even that
sorrow aside, the man was so stranee, so
shy, so unamenable to rules governing the
conduct of ordinary men, tnat sufficient
reason is found for his exclusiveness. He
who can be easily interviewed is wrestling
in a migbty struggle with the world. That
was impossible to Booth.
Even in Miss Terry's case a generous
reason might possibly be found. She
entered upon greatness in the height of
the time when actresses exercised the
special function now so generously em
ployed by prize-fighters— that of talking
volubly through the press. Perhaps Miss
Terry, instead of employing absolute re
serve as a unique method of securing
valuable advertising by reason of assum
ing a startlingly distinctive attitude, laid
her course as a protest against the vulgar
ity of her sister artists. It would be very
much pleasanter, however, to contemplate
her in the role of a woman sufficiently
gifted to understand the art of adminis
tering a kinder rebuke. With a wise exer
cise of the eraciousness and sweetness that
distinguished Modjeska, the most widely
loved woman on the stage, Miss Terry, like
her, might have set an example to all
women of what a woman might do when
approached by an interviewer.
Perhaos, after all, Mr. Vanderbilt is not
so timid and sordid as his friends would
have us believe. The published portraits
of him reveal a fine upward curl of the lip
that distinguishes trie true American aris
tocrat from the proletarian fellow-country
men and from the aristocrats of Europe.
Perhaps he has the genuine courage, in
spite of the rueful explanation made by
his friends, to announce by his silence that
the time has come for a proclamation of
class distinction in the iJnited States. It
is clear that to be accessible to the press is
destructive of exclusiveness, which is the
essence of class.
Aa a matter of fact, class distinction is
as pregnant and overshadowing in the
United States as anywhere else in the
world. That must be so on a oasis of dif
ferences in taste and occupation alone,
without reference to differences on the
score of wealth. Even a rich American
cannot be an aristocrat unlesa he observes
a large set of rules governing conduct and
accepted as proper in aristocrats. It is
just as much to be expected that wealthy
persons of refinement should flock to
gether and constitute a class by reason of
a community of interests and opportuni
ties as that artists and writers should form
themselves into clubs and artisans into
trades unions. The question of the great
power which wealthy persons might exer
cise under this natural operation of com
munity interests does not concern this dis
cussion. The fact that classes must exist
and that a considerable proportion of rich
people must be expected to constitute a
class by themselves is sufficient here.
That being assumed, and it being a mat
ter of common knowlege and evident
necessity that wealth is a conspicuous and
directing force, in social as well as finan
cial matters, w>at would be more natural
than that an able and courageous pioneer
Mr. Vanderbilt. for instance— should step
forth and say with his silence what bis
father said with his tongue? The daily
newspaper is the bu3y engine of democ
racy, the typical proletariat, the great Jev
eler of the age. It records the adventures
of Swipes, the pickpocket, with the same
minuteness and fidelity that it gives to an
account of Mr. Vanderbilt's most gorgeous
"social function." Can we expect it to be
altogether pleasant to a man "worth"
$100,000,000 to see his interview published
alongside that of Blinker Murphy? That
Is not exclusiveness, messieurs and mes
dames. The Hne must be drawn some
where. Mr. Vanderbilt. if this is the ex
planation of his position, is a pioneer only
in the sense of his advanced position. A
beautiful and accomplished woman who
writes for one of our newspapers published
an incident some time ago which goes to
show that the spirit which may be urging
Mr. Vunderbilt to lofty soaring has been
already working insidiously on lower
levels. This woman, whom any man
would be honored to know, consented to
be introduced at a fashionable country ho
tel to a young man eminent in fashionable
circles, but wnen he was approached by
the well-meaning intermediary he declined
the introduction, remarking that he did
not care to know newspaper people ! If a
newspaper is the body and essence of a
proletarian spirit why should not those
who produce it be of a class corresponding
and therefore inferior, or at least apart?
Perhaps, if Mr. Vanderbilt has not been
misrepresented by bis friends in their
efforts to prevent his being misrepre
sented by the newspapers, he is aware that
a powerful though silent sympathy is
working with him all over this republican
land.
And yet there are some satirical weekly
papers in New York ridiculing the "swell
set" for being so eager to see accounts of
their "functions" (another decent word
gone astray) published in the daily press.
This appears incongruous if the satirical
papers are right. Shall we say that be
cause the newspaper is the spirit of the
commonalty it may not De used as the
mouthpiece of the exclusiyes, and yet that
it shall serve as the bulletin of their social
festivities? Here is the headaching prob
lem. Possibly the solution lies in the
assumption that the policy of exclusive
ness has not yet been highly developed.
It would seem that even Mr. Vanderbilt
might with wisdom regard the newspaper
as being useful in the sense of a caterer.
If we accept the proposition that pub
lished accounts of the artistic and very
beautiful festivities of the rich cannot
have an unwholesome effect, but on the
contrary serve as an incentive to the poor
to acquire wealth and with it to enjoy the
good and elevating things of life, what
are we to do with the proposition that as
excluni/es we may not talk through the
press?
Well, life js hard enough without per
mitting the heart to be cracked over
matters like that. Out of the present
seeming chaos segregation may come in
time. No one thing in this mad world
stands alone, and no one thing springs
spontaneously into existence, but is the
product of innumerable other things ob
served and overlooked. It is easier to
criticize Mr. Vanderbilt than it would be
to suffer the hardship which he has placed
on himself. In these garrulous times a
gag is more irksome than a prison ; it is as
painful as that sort of bond which the
necessity for concealment lays upon the
tongue.
It is very much pleasanter to reflect that
whatever may be* Mr. Vanderbilt's per
sonal foibles he is a man of great wealth,
which he might be induced to employ in,
part in doing good for California and its
people. That a trivial incident of his life
has been here employed for ulterior pur
poses might safely "be regarded as that
tribute to his eminence which notice of any
peculiarity in hid conduct may be taken to
indicate.
CALIFORNIA'S RESOURCES
General Chipman's Sixth An
nual Report to the Board
of Trade.
Remarkable Increase in Exports of
Nuts, Fruits, Vegetables, Wine
and Brandy.
Some very interesting statements are to
be found in the sixth annual report of
General N. P. Chipman to the Board of
Trade. The report deals principally with
the exportation of California nuta, vegeta
bles, fruits, wines and brandies. General
Chipman, who is chairman of the commit
tee on the industrial resources of the
State, gives much statistical data of value
to the producer and exporter. During tho
year 1895, he says, 48.871.1 ten-ton carloads
of the products named were shipped out
of the State, bein^ a gain over the pre
ceding year of 5346.4 carloads. Continu
ing, General Chipman says:
In 1890 I undertook to show that the value
of our fruit exports was greater than the value
of our wheat exports. The figures were a
surprise to every one who*hadjsnot carefully
studied the situation. Fruit then brought
prices nearly double the prices of 1895. Wheat
was figured at 70 cents a bushel. Our fruit
then exceeded in value our wheat by half a
million dollars. Since then the wheat has
fallen off in valne and also in yield. Fruit hai
fallen in value, but has more than doubled in
yield.
I fully believe thtt the limits of profitable
fruit-growing in California have not by any
means been reached, nor do I think they are
likely to be. The reasons for this beiiel I have
many times stated in these reports and else
where, and I need not repeat them.
The reasons are as sound to-day as they were
five years or three years ago. They rest upon
unchangeable laws of nature; upon conditions
surrounding ns and surrounding the regions
where our markets are that cannot change.
California, in my judgment, must remain
the orchard of America. Periods of depression
may diminish profits; accidental pood fruit
crops in the Eastern States may occasionally
shorten our market and lessen prices, but. as a
permanent and generally profitable industry,
fruit-growing in California will continue to be
the great attraction and the chief industry re
lating to the soil. But the conditions existing
here that make this true will also make this
the great field for a perfectly diversified agri
culture and for intensive farming.
Pacific Yacht Club.
A wet sheet and a flowing tea,
A wind thac follows fast.
The following-named gentlemen composing
the board of directors of the Pacific Yacht
Club, John H. Dickinson, John T. Dare, J. D.
Maxwell, Hugo D. Keil, Charles H. Crocker,
Stewart Menzies and F. Hohweisner, were busy
Saturday afternoon arranging the prelimi
naries for a grand old-time opening for the
season of 1896. The date has not been fixed,
Dut some early day to May will no doubt W»
selected. The directors are determined to
make the occasion worthy the club and the
yachtsmen of fian Francisco.
♦■ — ♦ — «
The Super-Physical Man.
A lecture will be delivered byj. J. Morse
under the auspices of the California Psychical
Society at National Hall, Ellis street, between
Polk afld Van Ness avenue, this evening at
7:45, the subject being "The Super-Physical
.Man, His Organism and Functions."
» ♦ «
Travelers' Protective Association.
The annual meeting of the California di
vision of the Travelers' Protective Association
of America will be held at the Grand Hotel
Saturday, April 18, at 7 p. m.
NEW TO-DAY.
One as good
as another*
It is easy to say that
one preparation is as
good as another, and it
is easy to waste money
by buying something
you know nothing
about— and receiving
no benefit* When the
body is weak and you
wanttogiveit strength,
when health is failing,
what wisdom is there
in experimenting with
a substitute, when for
a few cents more you
can buy the original
article? For more than
twenty years Scott's
Emulsion has been the
standard Cod-liver Oil
emulsion* It contains
more pure Norwegian
Cod-liver Oil than any
other emulsion in the
world, and will stand
the test of time as
being a perfect, insep-
arable emulsion* You
can't afford to take a
substitute for it,
TpTOAnT
n PILLS,
fi«« ly ar egetable ' mlld and reliable. SecuwCom-
Miami £.?;?, h8 Liver and render the iJoweU
natural m tneir operat on without gripingThe poet was a slim, dark, little lean with
matted black hair. His face was hatchet
ehaped and not unlike an Aztec's, The eyes
were Informed by an eager brilliance. He had !
a heap ot paper-covered books in his hand and
an extinct cigar in the other.
—Children of the Ghetto.
In Israel Zangwill's "Children of the
Ghetto," this describes the Hebrew
poet Melchitsedek Pinchas. It is one of
the most interesting and picturesque
characters in the book. He is the dreamer
and the agitator of the great movement
for the return of the chosen people to the
holy city ; with his own hands he is to re
light the fires upon the hills oi Zion. In
the arrogant conceit of his great learning
he moves in poverty among the people
boasting of occult powers of his own and
with a sneer ever on his lips for those
about him— English, Gentile and Jew.
In the London Hebrew colony it is
agreed that the character is drawn from
the life.'and that in the life Melchitsedek
Pinchas is Professor Naphtaly Herz Imber,
Hebrew poet, mystic, expounder of the
Cabbala, who the other day arrived in this
City and gives it out that he intends to
remain.
Certainly the description of his personal
appearance rits to him as do the comings
and goings of Melchitsedek Pint-has
through the now famous book. Looking
confidently in his glass Professor Imber
will deny the likeness.
"How can it be?" he will say. "Did I not
sit before the Boston School of Art for
them to paint a picture of Voltaire? They
paid me ?50 for the sitting. They called
me the Jewish Voltaire. The 'English
Jews call me the Jewish Carlyle, and so it
goes. It is impossible that" I should be
the clown Pinchas, for am I not referred
to by name in the iirst volume of the
'Children of the Ghetto,' referred to by
this same Melchitsedek as the national
poet of Israel ? One of mv songs 13 there
called the Hebrew 'Wacht Am Rhein.' "
This Professor Imber thinks is conclu
sive that Pinchas is not Imber.
Professor Imber has come into the West
to found a new cult. After 2000 years of
silence and mystery concerning" it, the
Cabbala is to be expounded. It is the year
6et by the Patriarch Abraham in which
the people shall receive the light. The
thirty-six Cabbaiists— there are but thirty-
Fix, and have ever been in the world hut
thirty-six— have chosen him to go forth
and preach the real truth. This is his
word for it. Last Tuesday, in the Temple
Emanu-El, he made his initial announce
ment of the truth— and netted $60. Had
the price been but 25 instead of 60 cents
he would have made $100. But the money
is to be spent not on himself but in further
spreading a knowledge of the truth.
He is to continue here the publication of
his magazine Uriel, the ririt number of
which has been published in Boston. He
has already begun the formation of a class
for the teaching of his doctrines. His
nand is against the theosophists and every
other theorist, as it is against orthodoxy,
Jewish or Christian theology and all
other ologies; for his teaching's are those
of absolute truth — the only teachings that
may not be controverted and thrown
d..wn. That is why all those at which he
sneers still follow him; that is why the
Rabbi Voorsanger permits him to lecture
in the Temple Emanu-El; that is why the
theosophists themselves publish his "writ
ings, and why Rabbi Voorsanger's own
paper, the Jewish Messenger, prints
in its last issue something from his pen,
although the writing brands the rabbis
and preachers and professors of religion as
hypocrites. This, mind you, is the pro
fessor's own word for it.
The professor comes to San Francisco as
a poor man. His trousers are somewhat
stained with weather aDd wear and hang
high upon his coarse boots. The pro
fessor does not care. He places his
finger upon his forehead, and you un
derstand—for it is the seat of the mind.
It is a rather remarkable face, with its
halo of black hair. It is swarthy, and
runs from tip of chin to top of crown out
ward to a central point at the nose. The
eyes are black and keen, and smiJine and
mellow, and convincing. The mouth is
most self-satisfied. It is wide and straight,
and when smiling, which is after each
annunciation i« closed, the corners rising
and falling, sslf-convinced and self-satis
fied with its own wisdom while awaiting
the listener's expected assent. His mouth
looks best when it is closed, for his teeth
are discolored and some of them are miss
ing.
The profe^or is short and slight of figure
and makes his best appearance in his best
garment, which is an all-enveloping over
coat. He is occupying modest lodgings in
8 private house on upper Bush street.
Should you call upon him, which you are
quite welcome to do, you will catch a first
and somewhat startling glimpse of him—
earthy face and bright black eyes
and spreading shaggy mane of hair— as'he
croucbes down behind the railing on the
upper landing to catch sight of j t ou as you
enter, lor he has heard the door-bell and
realizes that tne people w,ho ling the bell
at this house must be coming to see him.
If he has other guests in the little back
room he has excused himself from them
that he might not lose what is going on at
the door. He will receive you with effusive
courtesy. If there be not chairs enough
he will himself sit upon the edge of the
bed.
<»n a stand there is a row of books and
another in the corner. There are con
fused heaps of newspapers, with marked
articles either referring to or written by
the professor. The books are all in the
Hebrew except a few pamphlets and a
.couple of little English dictionaries.
"You wish to know my mission? It is
to expound the truth. They ask mo why
I have opposed theosophy. Becau-e it is
not truth. Mine. Blavat-ky was misled.
fcihe <ii<l not reach the truth. For 2000
years the Cabbala has remained hidden
revealed only to ihe chosen. The thirty
six Cabbalists are scattered throughout
the world. They are to he found in the j
army, among statesmen, among the very ;
rich and among the very lowly. They are 1
not known except to the true believer. [
The man sawing wood in your back yard i
may b<- one of them. In every station of |
life they have their mission to perform.
"Their number has never been greater. ''
Iti .secrets are to be found in no books.
When one of the thirty-six tinds that his
mission is at an end. he communicates to
poiiiC other who has been chosen, and who
is ripe to receive them. The candidute
must be over 40 years of age. lam not a
Cahbahst for I a:n rK»t that age. But I
have been chosen by the thirty-six to ex
pound the doctrine. For it was written !
3000 yean, ago that in this year the world !
should oe given tne light. Witness tiie
wonders ot this year — see the X-ray.
Could anything be more wonderful?
•They say I am a great tighter, that I
have fought the rabbis Larder than any
body. And yet the most learned among
them are on my side. It is the same way
with the tiieosophists," and the professor !
P m lies with that fetching undulation of
the line of the closed mouth.
"See here in the 'Emanu-EJ ' I have
written an article on 'Have We Love for
GodV 1 am surprised that Dr. Voorsanger
NAPTHALY HERZ IMBER.
NATIONAL POET OF ISRAEL
would print h, for it charges even the |
rabbis with hypocrisy. But the fact :s he
did not read" it; he said. ,Give it to the
printer, anything that Professor Imber
writes, I shall print.' It is so everywhere.
"Ah, yes, it is because I have the truth.
Ido not care for money. I am happy in
having the truth. I work with my hands,
and my pen and my tongue for my living.
"Ah* 1 can snow you many wonderful
things," he says, taking a sip of black
coffee from a glass. "See, here is the
Jewish Messenger. I have written a criti
cism of Dr. Graetz's history. When t^ey
learned I was going to do so they cried:
•Don't. We have invested ?1500 in this
book and you will ruin it.' But I must
tell the truth. I sent the criticism to Dr.
Isaacs, the editor, and he said: ''With
broken hearts we publish your criticism.
Dr. Graetz we know and love.' And he
! did print it. It was read all over the
! world."
Professor Imber is walking the floor as
I he talks, inhaling the smoke of his little
i' tobacco cigarette and occasionally stop
! ping to look at himself in the cheap little
I mirror.
"Thunder and lightning! They do not
understand," he said. "But they will,
they will. The truth will come to them
slowly. It is so dark and murky now. It
i 3 the hour before dawn.
"Something of my life? Ah! I have
had a wonderful career. Read this here,
it is the story of my literary life in the
Jewish Exponent of Philadelphia. I en
tered the literary arena at the age of 11 by
writing footnotes apon the 'Schulchan
Aruch.' A few years later I wrote a Cab
balistic explanation of the beautiful song
of King Solomon, known by the name of
the 'Industrious Woman.' At the age of IS
mv first poem appeared, it was dedicated
to the good Kaiser Franz Joseph, Emperor
of Austria, and my humble dedication
was acknowledged by a gracious gift from
the monarch in the form of a 25-florin
piece. My first little book of poems was
published by the aid of the great Jewish
philosopher, Abraham Krocbmal. This
little book was also accepted by the noble
Kaiser and was honored with another sign
of his grace in the shape of 50 florins. My
Pegasus was in his element when I be
came acquainted with the late Laurence
Oliphant, and gazing on the sacred mount
ains of Judan was fed by national food, and
my muse, inspired by these feelings, took
Zion's harp, which was hung upon the
desolate bushes, and the old melody of
the Levites began to echo through
the whole Holy Land. I saw how
my persecuted brethren docked to Mount
Moriah. gathering themselves unuer a na
tional Hebrew standard to restore their
old beloved country by building colonies
and settlements. I began also to lay my
hand to the work of restoration. Week
after week my national poems appeared
in tne two Jerusalem papers, Habazaleth
and Hazwi, to encourage my atilicted
brothers to go onward in the work of res
toration.
"In Rishon le Zion I wrote, by request
of the colonists, a Jewish national Mar
seillaise, under the name 'MishmorHa
jardon' (The Watch on the Jordan). The
poem has been translated into many mod
ern languages— into English by " Israel
Zangwill. It is given a place in Zangwill'a
book, 'The Children of the Ghetto '
where it is supposed to be sung by the poet
Pinchas and to excite his envy. This song
is still heard on the lips of the lovers of
Zion in Palestine. How often have I
stood at sunset, leaning on an old venera
ble hush. Rishon le Zion, when the colonists
left their field work marching home with
their plows upon their shoulders sing
ing the words of my 'Misumor Haiardon.'
I felt myself transported to that remote
age of the past when such songs were
heard from the happy tents of Shem, and
my eyes overflowed with tears of joy."
The professor pauses ajrain in his walk
to look at his reflection, still inhaling and
expelling through mouth and nose the
smoke of his ci arette.
"Before I left Palestine." be says, "1
published in Jerusalem my 'Barkai, 1 a
book of which a critic said, 'Barkai is a
national temple wherein each Jewish col
ony has its niche of fame.' • Barkai' was a
success, for every copy was sold in a short
time. When in Palestine I moved in the
circles of world celebrities. In the home
of the noble family of the Oiiphants I was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
a co-worker on Mrs. Oliphant's book, 'Sep
neumata,' and I helped to outline Oli
phant's last book on 'Scientific Religions.'
U hose were happy days," and the pro fes
sor, smiling in satisfied remembrance,
stopped to light another cigarette.
"Ah, Mrs. Olinhant was an angel. She
was a naive woman. She called me Her
zel; it is a pet name," and he took a long
draught of the cigarette, inhaled the
smoke and, as it slowly, slowly curled, ex
haled through his nostrils. "She wrote
to me while in Italy, and I was still in
Egypt, asking me tc come to her again,
saying, 'This is a call to my son to come
out of Egypt.' Ah, she was m)' inspira
tion. Wnat do you think of this: She
prophesied one da} 1 that I should come to
California, be familiar with the many
places where she had been — for she had
lived several years in San Francisco— and
find great happiness there. She said I
would find my sepneuma — you know, my
soul affinity — in America, and so I did,
"I had no thought of coming here at the
time. Even after I came to this country
ray intention was to remain in Washing
ton. But circumstances have impelled me
to come here. I had completely forgotten
the prophecy, but at the moment that the
train stopped on the summit of the Rocky
Mountains it returned to me like a flash.
And I know that it is to be fulfilled. lam
to find happiness here. Everything tella
me so — after my ten years of trial I am to
find happiness.
"My trial? Ah, that was a lofe affair —
W-h-e-w!"
The professor stood in the middle of the
room, his feet wide apart, his left hand
with cigarette in air, the thumb of his
other hand caught in his suspenders, ac
cessible because of the open vest and coat.
His hair, from the excited handling during
his long monologue, was at odds with hin
head. "Whew!" he said, and then watched
with smilinc interest for signs of the inter
est which he felt sure the mention of a love
affair would excite. He pronounced "love"
as if it were written with an "f."
"Ah, it was terrible," he went on. "I
was in delirium. I was taken to a hospital
in Chicago. See, I have dedicated my lit
tle booklet, 'The Keynote to Mystic Sci
ence,' to her: I To my supreme and dearly
beloved Le.Ua G. Thayer of Boston, dedicated
in love and in truth by your llerzel.'
"Xo, she is not a Jewess. Her father
opposed our marriage and persecuted me
until I was ruined and had to leave Boston.
He is engaged in the shoe business there.
Ah, it was terrible. She came to me as a
pupil when I first went there to start a
class. She said, 'What shall Ido for you?'
I said, 'Use me, but do not abuse me.' 'Oh,
I shall never abuse you,' she said. But I
prophesied, saying, 'Listen, within two
years you will do so.' She burst into tears
and said it was impossible. But it has come
true. : mean that she has renounced me.
Is it not wonderful? I will show you in a
moment. I went to Chicago and from
there Rabbi Levy, finding that I was al
most insane and that she was coming to
me, telegraphed to her father to guard her
from me. And yet Levy professed to be
my friend. They asked me why I did not
marry a Hebrew girl, and I told them that
I could find none so spiritual as my
sepneuma and that made Mrs. Levy
angry. I wrote a novel while I was
there, but I do not know how far.
I could not remember from one chapter to
another, for my head was delirious with
thoughts of her. Her father forced her to
renounce me. She swore to him she
would never write to me again, and then
the next day she wrote me the wonderful
letter which I will show you. I taught
her to obey her parents, saying that I was
a spiritual man and must live out my pro
fessions, but her father could not appre
ciate me.
"I went to Cincinnati then, and Rabbi
Wise, head master in the Hebrew college
where they manufacture rabbis, slandered
me, saying I was doing missionary work
for the Baptists. I brought suit against
him for $5000 for slander. I have all
the documents were. It was a great case
Dr. Wis-i went to Chicago to find the Bap
tists who baptized me and made affidavits
about it. But the Baptists went on the
stand and swore they had never seen me
I was about to win the $5000 suit when I
fell sick and l dropped it.
"Then I went back: to Boston and started
my magazine Uriel, but I had little money
at that time. My girl's father persecuted
me, sayiiig I had hypnotized his daughter,
and I lost all my money. But the first
number of the magazine is out and I will
continue to publish it here. Now I will
show you something wonderful."
From among the mass of other papers
the professor unfolded with great care a
half uozen sheets of yellow, worn and
creased letter paper, ciosely written over.
"It is tne last letter from my sepneuma.
Read it. Such expressions oi love you
never heard."
And while the reading is going on the
professor walks the floor and talks, ana
stops before the glass to smile. "Is it not
wonderful?" he says. "She swore to her
father that she would never write to nie.and
the next day wrote that. Gas, to be sure.
I think it ought to be printed, don't you?"
Here is something of the letter. It is
dated at Clifton, Mass., June 20, 1893:
My darling Herzel, thou dear one whom I
have once or twice called "my husband." in
anticipation of the time when our lives should
be as one. Oh, darling, listen with patience to
what I am going to say. .Last night papa called
me to have a private talk with him. I felt
what was coming and my knees trembled, but
I sent UB a prayer to the dear God to sustain
me. It seems that yesterday morning papa re
ceived a telegram from some unknown person
in Chicago sayine, "Uimrd Lila, from Imber."
Well, darling, it came to the point that papa
said I must choose batween my duty to my
parents and my love for you. Oh, cruel words
that they may seem, after all my vows of love
to thee, my precious. Yet I was forced to it.
I felt, dear, that it would be less terrible
for me to die than for two or three.
And papa said that if I should marry you
it would kill him and my mamma. And if
such should be the case, very likely I should
die of a broken heart. For who of any princi
ple could bear tlie thought of killing his par
ents, to whom he owes so much? I could not
be happy, darling, in your arms if I thoug ht I
was killing my parents. And so, dear, O thou
whom my heart truly loves, it is probable that
I shall be prevented from continuing our
sweet correspondence.
Then the professor turned to himself
again.
"The Cabbala— the truth which I have,"
he said, "gives me universal knowledge.
Knowledge comes to nic at desire. Igo to
a Btrange land, and with no previous
knowlrdgo I at once speak the language
with the perfection of the most learned
native. 1 never studied music, but lam a
regular correspondent of the leading musi
cal journals and author of a booklet oil the
music of the psalms and the ancient anno
tation. I have not studied medicine, but
I exposed the fallacy of the Keen lymph
and destroyed faith in it. I have shown
the theory of evolution to be false. I
could cure the sick, but I will not descend
to charlatanism. It is my mission simply
to spread a knowledge of truth."
The visitor remarks that all the world is
wondering just now of what the newly
discovered X-ray is composed — which the
professor himself had mentioned as being
the most wonderful of discoveries and a
demonstration of the truth of Cabbalistic
prophecy.
Putting his finger to his nose he replies
smiling, and without hesitation: "I will
tell you. I will write it. I will give you
a new theory of the light of the sun. See,
you may note bow readily I write. I
write better than I talk."
Taking a seat at a table, interrupting him
self at every paragraph to talK, he rapidly
wrote out the following:
The Cabbala and the X Ray.
There is a legend in the Talmud that when
the prophet Enoe-h pleaded to the generation
of the ilood that they should return to the Lord,
otherwise he would take away his luminous
candles — the sun, moon and stars — they
proudly replied: "Let him take them, we do
not need them, as we have stones which will
illuminate our world just as good as God's
candles." We know that the generations of the
ilood were at the highest pitch of civilization,
and the flood has destroyed a culture which
was cultivated many millions of years. From
the above legend, which is like most
of the legends, which are the coffins wherein
truth lies muininitied— from the above legend
we can learn that they, the generations of the
flood, were so civilized that they knew how to
prenerve and concentrate the scattered prisms
of life in crystals to free themselves from the
caprice of nature.
A PROI'HECY.
The Sohar, the Bible of the Cabbala, says
that in the year 5550 in Jewish oalendation,
which is in the Christian era 1896, the light
will be revealed to the world. Another version
says in the year 5566, which is 1906. Perhaps
it "means the perfection of the revelation, for it
takes a decade from the discovery up to the
perfect knowledge of the discovered matter.
"Is it not wonderful?" said the pro
fessor, when he had read it all.. "Now I
have told you I can cure the sick. I will
show you that I can cure myself. You
see I am suffering with a severe cold?"
It was very evident.
"When you have gone I will concentrate
my mind for a few moments and the cold
will be gone. I will prove it to you. I
will come to see you this evening to prove
it."
And he did. That evening he traveled
two miles to stand under an electric light,
and pointing to his nose and wearing that
convincing smile exclaimed: ''See! I have
done as I said."
This is the picture of Naphtaly Herz
Imber, mystic, who has been like-ned to
"one of those weird gargoyles in the
towers of Notre Dame, 1 ' and who is said to
be the material out of which Israel Zang
will has made his Melchitsedek Pinchasof
the "Children of the Ghetto."
Zangwi il portrays the character in de
tail in the tenth chapter of the book. Now
look upon this picture .
THE NEO-HEBREW POET.
He came through the open door, knocked
perfunctorily at the door of the room,
opened it and then kissed the Mezuzah
outside the door. Then he advanced,
snatched the Kebbitzin's hand away from
the handle of the coffee-pot and kissed it
with equal devotion. He then seized upon
Hannah's hand and pressed his grimy
lips to that, murmuring in German :
''You look so charming this morning,
like the roses of Carrnel." Next he bent
down and pressed his lips to the Reb's
coat-tail, finally he said: "Good morning,
sir," to Levi, who replied very affably,
"Good morning. Mr. Pinchas." "Peace be
unto you, Pinchas." said the Reb. "I did
not see you in Shool this morning, though
it was the new moon."
"No; I went to the great Shool," said
Pinchas in German. "If you do not see
me at your place you may be sure I am
somewhere else. Any one who has lived
so long as i in the Land of Israel cannot
bear to pray without a quorum. In the
Holy Land I used to learn for an hour in
the Shool every morning before the service
began. But lam not here to talk about
myself. I come to ask you to do me the
honor to accept a copy of my new volume
of poems— 'Metatoron's Flames.' Is it not
a beautiful title? When Enoch was taken
up to heaven when yet alive he was con
verted to flames of hre and became
Metatoron, the great spirit of the Cabbaiah.
So am I wrapped up into the heaven of
lyrical poetry, and I become ail fire and
flame and light."
The poet was a slim, dark, little man
with long, matted hair. His lace was
hatchet-shaped and not unlike an Aztec's.
The eyes were informed by an eager bril
liance. He had a heap of little paper
covered books in one hand and an extinct
cisrar in the other. He placed the books
upon the breakfast-table.
"At last," he said. "See, I have got it
printed — the great work which this ignor
ant English Judaism has left to molder
while it pays its stupid reverends thousands
a year for wearing white ties."
"And who paid for it, now, Mr. Fin
chas?" said tne Rebbitzin.
"Who? Wh-o-o?" stammered Melchi
sedek. "Who but myself?"
"But you say you are blood-poor."
"True" as the law of Moses! But I have
written articles for the jargon papers.
They jump at me — there is not a man on
the staff of them all who has the pen of a
ready writer. I can't get any money out
of them, my dear Rebbitzin, else I
shouldn't be without breakfast this morn
ing, but the proprietor of the largest of
them is also a printer, and he has printed
my little book in return. But I don't think
I shall fill my stomach with the sales.
Oh! the Holy One, blessed be he! Bless
you, Rebbitzin, of course I'll ta^e a cup of
coffee; I don't know any one else who
mates coffee with such a sweet savor; it
would do for a spice offering when the
Almighty restores us our temple. You
are a nappy mortal, Rabbi. You will per
mit that I seat myself at the table."
Without awaiting permission he pushed
a chair between Levi and Hannah and sat
down: then he got up again and washed
his hands and helped himself to a spare
egg
"Here is your copy, Reb Shemuel," he
went on after an interval. "You see it is
dedicated generally:
" 'To the pillars of English Judaism.'
The remark touched the rabbi in a ten
der place. It was the one worry of his life,
the consciousness that persons in high
quarters disapproved of nim as a force im
peding the Anglicization of the Ghetto.
He knew his shortcomings, but could
never quite comprehend the importance of
becoming English. He had a latent feel
ing thatj Judaism had flourished before
England was invented, and so the poet's
remark was secretly pleasing to him.
"They are a set of donkey-heads, but
one mu3t give them a chance of rising to
higher things. It is true that not one of
them understands Hebrew, not even the
chief rabbi, to whom courtesy made me
send a copy. Perhaps he will be able to
read my poems with a dictionary; he cer
tainly can't write Hebrew without two
grammatical blunders to every word. Js'o,
no, don't defend him, Reb Shemuel, be
cause you're under him. He ought to be
under you— only he expresses his ignor
rance in good English, and the tools
think to talk nonsense in good English is
to be qualified for the rabbinate."
"You know very well," went on Pin
cha.~, "that I and you are the only two
persona in London who can write correct
holy language."
"S"o, no." said the rabbi, deprecatingly.
"Yes, yes," said Pinchas, emphatically.
"You can write quite as well as I. But
just cast your eve now on the special dedi
cation which I have written to you in my
own autograph. 'To the light of his gen
eration, the great. Gaon, whose excellency
reaches to the ends of the earth, from
whose lips all the people of the i^ord seek
knowledge, the never failing well, the
mighty eagle who soars to heaven on the
wings of understanding, to Ray Shemuel,
may whose light never be dimmed and in
whose day may the redeemer come unto
Zion.' There, take it, honor me by taking
it. It is the homage of the man or genius
to the man of learning, the humbie offer
ing of the one Hebrew scholar in England
to the other."
"Thank you," said the old rabbi, much
moved. "It is too handsome of you, and I
shall read it at once and treasure it among
my dearest books, for you know weil that
I consider that you have the truest ooetic
gift of any son of Israel since Jehuda
Halevi."
A
"I have! I know it! I feel it! It burns
me. The sorrow of our race keeps me
awake at night— the national hopes tingle
like electricity through me — I bedew my
couch with tearsin the darkness. 1 ' Pinchas
paused to take another slice of bread and
butter. "It is then that my poems are
born. The words burst into music in my
head, and I sing like Isaiah the restora
tion of our land, and become the poet
patriot of my people. But these English!
They care only to make money and to
stuff it down the throats of gorging rever
ends. My scholarship, my poetry, my
divine dreams — what are these to a
besotted, brutal congregation of men
of the earth? I sent Bucledorf,
the rich banker, a copy of my little book,
with a special dedication written in my
own autograph in German, so that he
might understand it. And what did he
send me? A beggarly five shillings! Five
shillings to the one poet in whom the
heavenly tire lives! How can the heavenly
fire live on five shillings? I had almost a
mind to send it back. And then there
was Gideon, the member of Parliament.
I made one of the poems an acrostic on
his name, so that he might be banded
down to posterity. There, that's the one.
No, the one on the page you were juat
looking at. Yes, that f s it, beginning:
Great leader of our Israel's host;
I sing thy high heroic deeds,
Divinely gifted learned man.
"I wrote his dedication in English, for
he understand neither Hebrew nor Ger
man, the miserable, purse-proud, vanity
eaten rnan-of-the-earth."
"Why, didn't he give you anything at
all?' ; said the Reb. "
"Worse 1 He sent me back the booK.
But I'll be revenged on him. I'll take the
acrostic out of the next edition and let
him rot in oblivion. 1 have been all over
the worid, to every great city where Jews
congregate. In Russia, in Turkey, in
Germany, in Roumania, in Greece, in
Morocco, in Palestine. Everywhere tha
greatest rabbis have leaped like harts on
the mountain with joy at my coming.
They have fed and clothed me like a
prince. I have preached at ihe syna
gogues, and everywhere people have said it
was like the WilnaGaon come again "
Now here you have it. It may be left to
you. Is Pinchas Imbar and Imbar
Pinchas? S. W. Waul.
1718
SOCIETY
THE past week, socially speaking.
was neither as quiet nor as uninter
esting as we were led to snppose.
Not a dr.y went by without some
social divertisement, which is as
it should be on Easter week.
Of course, every uiie naturally looks for
ward to the private theatricals to be given
by Mrs. Hager to-morrow evening at the
Native Sous' Hall.
This will be the event of the Eas-ter sea
son, and an unqualified success is assured.
Mrs. Ilager is the leader of local society.
and her entertainments have always been
qualified by rare tact and otiginality.
Leo Cooper, who is rehearsing the ama
teurs, ret-orts more than satisfactory re
suhb. The lady participant! will wear
Borne exquisite gowns, and the stage set
tings are to be dainty, appropriate and
handsome. There will be no elaborate
decorations of the hall; in fact, such an
arrangement would be absurd In the ex
treme. Bunting and potted palms, how
ever, will be used to take away the bare
effect of a public hall.
Preceding the performance there is to be
a series of three living pictures — "La
TobCa," after Harburg's celebrated pic
ture; "Summer iioon," by Leighton, aud
'"Reveries."
It would be well for those who •will at
tend to bear in mind that it is imperative
that cards of admission be presented at
the door; also, that it is a full-dress affair,
and that bonnets will not be allowed on
the floor. The performance will begin at
9 sharp, and the audience, it is hoped, will
be seated before the play begins.
There is to be dancing, provided the
young folks so desire it, after the perform
ance.
Another interesting event announced for
next week ia the wedding of Miss Fanny
Crocker, daughter of Mrs. Clark. Crucker,
and Robert C. McCreery, to be celebrated
on Saturday, ihe 18th, at the residence of
the bride, lUOy Sutter street. The cere
mony will take place at noon, and about
eighty puests, relatives and intimate
friends only, will attend.
Card parlies are once a^ain fashionable
and there are several delightful ones an
nounced for next weelc Mrs. Asa R.
Wells will entertain her friends at a eucrsre
party on Tuesday evening, the 14th, and
Mrs. F. L. Whitney has issued cards for
an afternoon euchre party for Saturday,
tbe 18tn.
On Tuesday evening Mr. and Mrs. Leon
Sioss wili entertain *ixty friends at a thea
ter party. After attending tne perform
ance of Richard Mansfield at the Baldwin
Theater, they will repair to the Sloss resi
dence on Van Ness avenue, where an
elaDorate supper will be served.
At last accounts Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Sharon were traveling /n Egypt and had
made no plans whatever relative to their
return home. Word has been received
that Mrs. Moses Hopkins is also in the
land of the Pyramids.
There has been quite a society reunion
at Paso Robles during the past week. Mr.
Goad and his charming daughters, the
Misses Aileen and Genevie%-e Goad, and
Mr. and Mrs. Webster Jones were among
the many rest and health. Mrs.
Blair and Miss Jennie Blair returned on
Tuesday last from the springs after an exy
tended visit.
William Grace, son of the ex-Mayor of
New York, is in town and has been de
lightfully entertained during the past
week. On "Wednesday evening Mr. Grace
was the guest of honor at a charming din
ner given by Mrs. Downey Harvey at her
home on Franklin street, on which occasion
the distinguished visitor was presented to
several representative people.
On Wednesday evening Mrs. Lawrence
Poole gave a dinner at the Hotel Richelieu,
complimentary to Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Babcock. Those present in addition to
tbe hostess and guests o f honor were Mr.
and Miss Brewster of New York aud Miss
Mary Kip.
Mrs. James Dunn and the Misses Dunn
have issued cards for an afternoon tea on
Thursday, the IGth, at their elegantly ap-
Dointed home on Hyde street. The hours
named are 4 to 7.
Mrs. Gordon Blanding's many friends
will be pleased to hear that she has re
covered sufficiently from her recent severe
illness to have been able to ko out for a
drive durinu the past week. Mrs. Bland
ing has* been confined to her room during
the whole winter by nervous prostration.
The houses at Menlo are being gradually
opened. Among the first to return are
Colonel and Mrs. Kyre and Mr. and Mrs.
R. I). Girvin.
Captain and Mrs. Collier and the Mi^es
Collier are the guests of E. Sheldon at his
home on Pierce street.
The Colonial Dames were charmingly
entertained at the home of Mrs. Dr. Henry
Gibbons on Tuesday. Mrs. Gibbons read
an interesting paper by Sheldon G. Kel
logg, on Abigail AdamJ, wife of the cele
brated patriot, John Adams, second Presi
dent of the L'nittd .States. A delicious
"sack posset" was served the dames, made
from a famous recipe in the "Exact Cook
book," compiled in 1672 by Hannah
Wolley; the book is in possession of Mrs
Gibbons. Thus* present were the four
officers, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs.
George A. Crux, Mrs. Joseph L. Moody,
Mrs. C. Elwood Brown; Mrs. S. W. Holla
day, Mr.-. Gibbons, Mrs. John D. Tallant,
Mrs. C. H. Jouett, Mrs. L. C. Branch, Mrs.
Hervey Darneal, the Misses Wright, Mad
dox, Rose and Jones.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
Arrangements Complete for Beveral Spring
Weddings.
T t>« wedding of Miss Annie Levier de Long
I and Louis Brehan will be solemnized at St.
I Mark's Church iv Berkeley ou Tuesday, the
I 14l(i.
The bride is* a daughter of the late Judge
and Mr>. Rebecca B. de Long. The arrange
[ ruents for the wedding are original and
, unique. Thirty choir bo>« will precede the six
young lady ushers, wno, in turn, will be fol
| lowed by fourteen bridesmaids, all in white
I and wearing violets, the flower of the I'niver-
I sity of California 9orosis, of which the bride is
I member. After the wedding the young cou
ple will leave for a bridal trip, returning in
time to p.tteud h reception to be held at Shat-
U:ok Hall on the 17th by the members of Soro
sis.
The engagement is announced of M-iss Hat
tie Samuel, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Moses
Samuel, to Mr. I. Deapreg oi Chicago. At home
tni> Sunday afternoon, April 12,
Tb* engagement is announced of John W«
McAlpin oi South Kensington. London, Eng
land, at present on his ranch iv San Luis
Obispo county, and Miss Alice E. Blake,
daughter of the late Dr. James W. Blake of
thi> City. The wedding v>ill take place about
tin- middle of the month at the bride's home,
184-1 Geary .-trect.
The engagement is announced of Miss C,us
sie Jacobs, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. Jacobs,
Miss Rose Hooper, Who Will Take the Part of Soubrette, One of the Most At
tractive Holes in Mrs. Hagcr's Forthcoming Society Theatricals.
to Julius Hoyman of the firm of Heyman <fe
Mayer, and brother of the well-known violin
ist, Henry Herman. They will receive their
friends this (Sunday) afternoon, April 12, from
'2 to 5 o'clock, at 309 Van Ness avenue.
The engagement is announced of Miss Annie
J. McMullin, only daughter of John McMnllin
of Vallejo, to Joseph C. Silveria of this City.
The wedding will take place during the month
of May at the.bride's present home at North
Beach.
The engagement is announced of Miss Ber- i
tha Fisher and Mosc Heiueman. At home this
Sunday, April 12, 221 Second avenue, Rich- |
mond District.
The engagement is announced of Mi.ss Kittie
O'Brien to Mr. Harry Dubois. The wedding
will take place in the near future at St. Mary's
Cathedral.
WEDDING BELLS.
A Very Pretty Home Wedding at La
Honda..
The beautiful summer residence of S. J.
Tichenor of La Honda was the scene of a very
pretty but quiet wedding on Wednesday, ADril
8, the high contracting parties being G. A.
Hueter, a well-known druggist of San Fran-
Cisco, and Miss Mac Tichenor, equally well and
favorably known hereabouts and in San Fran
cisco. Owing to a recent bereavement in the
bride's family the guests were limited to im
mediate relatives of both parties. The parlors
and dining-room were handsomely decorated |
In white and yellow by the young lady friends
of the bride.
Promptly at 12 o'clock, amid the strains of
Mendelssohn's wedding inarch, rendered by
Miss Annie English, the beautiful bride, robed
iv shimmering bilk with chiffon trimmings
and carrying a bouquet of white roses, entered,
leaning on tne arm of her uncle. She was met
under an artistic floral wedding-bell, hung be
tween the parlors, by t;ie proud and happy
bridegroom, a'jc-umpanied by his best man, ;
E. D. Tichenor, also of San Francisco.
Miss Tillie Pringle, attired in pale blue crape
trimmed in white lace und carrying pink La
France rosos, attended the bride.
The solemn and impressive ceremony, unit ing
two young lives in the holy bonds of matri
mony, was performed by Rev. John Lally of
Hallmoon Buy.
After congratulations had been showered on
the happy couple, and "everybody kissed every- !
I body else," the guests repaired to the dining
room, when an elaborate wedding feast, with
covers laid for twenty, was served.
At 3 o'clock, amid a shower of rice, old shoes
etc., the bridal party left for Redwood City I
Mr. and Mrs. Hueter taking the train for Di-1 :
Monte, where the honeymoon will be spent, I
The wedding gifts, consisting of silverware,
ornaments, etc., were numerous and hund
some. The following guests wished them"bon
voyage" adown the stream of life: Mr. und
Mrs. John English, San Diego; Mrs. Fluch, i
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Doherty, San I
Francisco; Rev. John Lally, Haifmooti" Bay
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Tichenor, La Honda; Mr.
and Mrs S. J. Tichenor, La Honda; Miss Annie
English, San Diego; Alb'-rt Tichenor, ban j
Diego-: Miss Tillie Pringle, Halfmoon Bay; I
Mrs. I. Sears, La Honda; Miss A. Sears, ta I
Honda; E. I). Ticheuor, ban Fruuciscp 1 fcugene
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1*96.
Doherty Jr., San Francisco; Miss Claire
Doherty, San Francisco; Leonard Sears, La
Honda.
AN EASTER MUSIOALE.
Entertainment Given by the Choral Class of
Mmc, Coursen-Roeckel.
On last Tuesday evening an Easter musicale,
under the auspices of Mine. Coursen-Roeckel,
filled the parlors ol the \V. E. and I. U. on Van
Ness avenue. The reception committee in
cluded Mrs. Captain E. G. Wallace, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Hunt. Mrs. George Barron, Mrs. Frank
Smith and Miss Annette Miley.
The opening number was Roeekel's chorus,
"Easter Morning," given with brilliancy by
the Vocal Conservatory cnoral. The famous
polouaise irom "Mignon" was sung by Miss
Jennie Johannsen, a high soprano, with a rare
facility of execution; "The Angels' Alleluia"
was rendered by lime. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel
and her talented daughter Elena, accompanied
by a sotto voce chorus. Miss Cathie Courseu I
and Mrs. G. Mont sang the drr.raatic duet from
•La Gioconda." The Misses Annette and Tilhe
Miley gave vocal selections from Rossini's
. operes. Miss Lottie Calsing sang some of Hel
mund's "Lieder" in German. Alfred P. Black
played the cavatina of "Robert le Diable" on
the cornet. Mi's Grace Merry and Miss Ida
Schintz fsang English ballads and Miss May
Mabie, contralto, closed the interesting pro
grainnie with the "Banner of the Bear," with
full chorus. Dainty refreshments were served.
Those present were: Altred Fuhrman ana
party, Alfred P. Black, Mons. and Mme.
| Roeckel, Gilbert Whitaker. A. O. Johnston, F.
j Smith. Mrs. Captain E. G. Wallace. Miss Me.ria
Mueller, Miss Gretchen Bchnabel, Mrs.
Schnahel, Miss Marie Pfile, Mi«s DollieWall
I Miss M. Newry, Miss Ray Harris, Miss Nettie
Isabel, Miss Daisy Harris, Mile. Elena Roeckel
Mrs. George Stout, Misses Grace and Birdie
Sherry, Migs May E. Schreiber. Mrs. Nolan,
Miss Clara Nolan, Raymond Nolan, Misses
Jennie and Isabella Johannsen, Miss Cathie
Coursen, Miss Rose Lankman, Mrs. George
Barron, Misses Annette and Tillie Miley, Miss
May Mabie. Mrs. Frank Bmith, Misses Trouette
Miss Ernestina Herbruger, Miss C. Day, Miss A
Herbruger, Miss Anna Mendeson, Miss Margie
Bnrns, Miss Ida Schintz, Misses Vasseler, Mrs
Ryan, Miss Laura Ryan, Mrs. de Land, Mrs
W. B. Hunt, Miss Angele, Miss Sarah Jones!
Miss Jeanuette Green and Mrs. Kate Green. •
BUEPBISE PAETIEB.
The Tobelmann and Luttmann Parties Prove
Mo3t Enjoyable.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
I Miss Dottie Tobelmann in honor of her nine
teenth birthday, Easter Sunday eve, April 5.
Music and recitations were in order until mid
night, when the party proceeded to the beau
tifully decorated dining-vooms, where a hearty
repast was partaken of. Among those present
were: miss Dottie Tobelmann, Miss Winnie
Tobelmann, Miss Nellie Mahoney, Miss Lillian
Brandlein, Miss Kittie Brandlein, Miss Mar
gueritte Mahoney, Miss Beatrice White, Mies
Grace Dunce. Lfis>s Grace Harvey, W. Peterson
| E. Mcaweeney, F. Tobelmann, J. Daly, Ed Nel
sen, T. J. Kelly, F. Lermer. Ed Jones, Walter
KHey, Peter Maioney and many others.
A very enjoyable surprise party was given to
Miss Sophia Luttmann at the residence of her
aunt, Mrs. Ecks, 1130 Buchanan street, Sunday
evening. April 5. The home was beautifully
decorated in ; evergreens. Dancing, sinirinjr
and reciting were among the features of the
evening. Recitations were giTen by Mlss Sadie
tolin and Arthur < Frank. Leonard Sweeny
contributed vocal selections. »<=euy
«^ n ug those present were: Mrs. Ecks, Mr.
and Mrs. Junker, Mr. and Mrs. Baumeister Mr
and Mrs. Vo X Bremcr, Mr. and Mrs. J. Hoff
wnM w r t ai d d .. Mrs - Krelse ; Mr. and Mrs. Shain
aid Miss S. Kavanagh, Miss L. Creamer, Miss
\on Breiner V?f.\ ss Dora ' Miller. Miss Lulu Mil
ler, Miss M. Miller, Miss Schaffer, MissSchuke.
Miss Frank and Messrs. Albert and Willie Lutt
m,a lll J' m E k9 c Harry 'nwald, Mr.
*isher A.trank.L. Sweenev, H. yon Breracr
C. Cerebra, Sylvan Cohen. Ernest Hagader D
re idie M Unon, Mr. Yichner, Mr- and Mrs
Mohr, ; Mr. ■■ and Mrs. W. , Miller, Mr. and Mrs
Schultz Mr. and Mrs. R. Cohen, Mr. and Mrs'
Alkus, Mr and Mrs. Hagaaor, Mr.. and Mr!
Watcheln, Mr. and Mrs. Kider, Mr. and Mrs
Grough, Mrs. ■ Willekst, Mrs. Brown, Mis, s"
Liuiemanu. Miss Sadie Conn, Misa K. Maho
ney, Miss L. Wa?ner. Miss M. Rouse, Miss Grau,
Miss Meyer, Miss K. MeCayue, Miss M. Me-
Cayne, Miss Goebel and others.
MUSICAL TIEAT TO-MOKKOW.
Second Concert for the Benefit of the Nurses'
Training School.
A^ elaborate musicale will be given at the
Occidental Hotel to-morrow evening for the
benefit of the San Francisco Training School for
Nurses. This is a worthy charity and Major
Hooper of the Occidental, always willing to
lend a hand in a good cause, has otl'ered all
facilities for an enjoyable soiree. The follow
ing are the talent and the programme:
Mrs. Hocnstadter.Mrs. W. T. Andrews, vocalists:
Miss Marie Wilson, pianist: Miss Beckhuson, vio
linist: Miss Xiillemhal, Mrs. \V. A. Sabin, accom
panists.
The programme is as follows:
Sonata for two violins and piano Henry Purcell
Miss Madeline Beckhuson. Mrs. G. H. Powers,
Mr. W. A. Sabin.
"vision Fugitif from 'Heromude" Massenet
Mr. W. T. Andrews.
Sonata, op. 63 Beethoven
AUpgrp con brio. Miss Marie Wilson.
Airs de P.nsses Wienlawski
"Where Blooms the Rose' 1 Clayton Johns
Miss Madeline Beckhuson.
Vocal selection. "Summer Night" Laesen
Mrs. B. Hochstadter.
"Hark, Hark, the Lark!" Schubert-Liszt
Polonalge Pailerewski
Miss Marie Wilson.
Concert valse O. Musin
Miss Madeline Becknuson,
"The Wagon" Molloy
Mr. W. T. Andrews.
Society will take a leading part in the enter
tainment. The following ladies will receive:
Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, Mrs. Henry Gibbons Jr.,
Mrs. L. Ella Long, Mrs. Sands Forman, Mrs. G.
A. Crux, assisted by Miss Kate Powers, Miss
Cunningham, Miss Rosa Miller of Sausalito,
Miss Elizabeth Foulkes.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Several Delightful Entertainments Given by
Popular Social Organizations.
The Ariel Rowing Club held a delightful en
tertainment and dance Tuesday evening at
Union-square Hall, which was beautifully dec
orated in the club's colors, blue and white.
Fine music and an excellent programme were
among the features of the evening. The fol
lowing artists kindly volunteered their ser
vices and helped to make the affair a success:
j Miss Morrissey, soprano; Miss Shean, who gave
several fancy" dances ; the Sisters Henlye in
song and dance; Mr. Emersou, barytone; Mr.
Desmond, tenor; Messrs. Graham and O'Day;
the Altruria Mandolin Club; Mr. Bockman,
enaracter sketches, and a team of athletes from
the Acme Club.
In connection with this affair the club had
issued an elegant brochure, which reflects
great credit on the printing committee. It
contained the names of the various commit
tees, a short history of the club, many beauti
ful half-tones, one representing The Call's
new building, now under construction, being
strikingly handsome.
The following constituted the committee of
arrangements: J. C. Casey, R. Ellis, John
Bockman, 11. Pless and L. Franks.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club held its regular monthly entertainment
and dunce on Wednesday evening at Native
Sons' Hall. Like at all tne other entertain
ments of this club there was a large and ap
preciative attendance. The programme as
usual was excellent. Dancing concluded the
entertainment. The following constituted
the evening's programme t Overture, or
chestra; reading, "Guido Farranti" fOscar
Wilde), Miss Marian Lyndhurst; barytone
solo, -'Because I Love You, Dear" (Hawlt y),
S. William Hilliard; soprano solo, "Spring"
(Gounod), Miss Flora Howell; tenor solo,
"Dream of My Heart" (Bevan), J. H. Desmond.
"Cut Off With a Shilling"— Cast : Samuel Guy
thorne, Fred C. Cusheon; Colonel Berbers,
Alfred A. Borlini; Kitty Gaythorue, Zillah M.
Coonley.
The entertainment given last Monday even
ing by the Club of Science at the spacious res
idence of Mr. Spencer in Oakland was a suc
cessful attair from every standpoint. A large
number of people were present and enthusi
astically applauded the . excellent musical and
literary programme. Amoni; the most notice
able features of the entertainment were the
essays of Miss Mamie Kindlon and Joe Demp
sey, which were received with manifest appre
ciation. Two tableaux, one "Spring, Summer,
Autumn and Winter,'" represented by the
Misses Kindlen, Derap'-ey, Wilson and Cullen,
the other, "Youth mid Old Ace," by the Misses
Kindlen and Dempsey, won great applause.
Dancing followed ttie programme.
Odd Fellows' Hall was again the scone of
gr> at merry-making last Tuesday evening, the
occasion being the fifty-sixth party of the P.
D. C— its first party after lent.
The hall was comfortably filled by 9 p. m., nt
which hour the march, which was a long one,
was led by R. Trautuer anil Miss Carrie A.
Tscheinen, followed by 200 couples.
During the march and the dances following,
which were fourteen in number, calcium
lights were thrown upon the dancers, the col
ors blending with those of the exquisite toilets
present, making a very beautiful picture.
The following gentlemen had charge of the
successful entertainment: C. H. Beardsley, L.
Q. Haven, H. J. Cordes, R. Trautner, C F.
McMenomey, 11. Kassinyer, K. 11. Junkans, B.
Clark, A. J. Nagel, \V. K. Nelson, A. C. F. Wil
kins, 11. Zahn and H. Wilson.
The next party will be held at OiM Fellows'
Hall on Tuesday evening, "May 5, 1896.
The Fortnightly of San Mateo, a literary and
musical club, now in its third year, held a
meeting at the residence of G. W. Dickie last
Thursday evening. The subject chosen for
consideration and illustration was "Some Re
cent Scotch Writers." The attendance was
very good, although the stormy weather kept
many members at home. A selection of Scot
tish melodies, arranged for autohurp, harmoni
con and piano, was performed by George
Dickie Jr., Janies Dickie and William S. Jack.
An original paper reviewing the character
and writings of Robert Lewis Stevenson was
read by Alexander J. Dickie. Mrs. D. F.
Walker sang Allan Rp.msay's Scotch ballad,
"The Yellow-haired Laddie." "Will o 1 the
Mill," one of the parly productions of R. L.
Stevenson, was read by Misi Clara Paulin.
Burns' Bong, "Green Grow tne Rashes, O!" was
then sung. A biographical and critical sketch
of S. R. Crockett was read by William S. Jack.
Mrs. D. F. Walker sang the popular song,
"Comin' thro' the Rye." Miss Ella Carrick
read the "Split in the Marrow Kirk," from
"The Stickit Minister," by S. R. Crockett. The
remainder of the evening was devoted to the
consideration of the Rev. Dr. John Watson
(lan Maclaren), whose books are In such great
demnnd throughout the English-speaking
world. The next meeting, on the 23d inst.,
will bo held at the rectory, the residence of the
Rev. J. R. de Wolfe Cowie, and Miss Grace
Lawrence was requested to assist that rev
erend gentleman In preparing a programme
on the subject, "The Writers and Music of
Ireland."
A series of entertainments, "a pleasant fete
entertainment," was held on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday evenings of this week in the
Mission Opera Hall, on Mission street, near
Eighteenth.
This very novel entertainment was given by
the young ladies of Trinity Presbyterian
Church and wus under the direction of' Mrs. J.
K. Partridge. A grund musical and literary
programme was presented each evening by the
best local talent.
There was a large and fashionable audience
at Odd Fellows' Mall on Friday evening to at
tond the regular monthly meeting of ihe Na
tive Sons of Vermont. The programme wus
of unusual excellence ana was greatly appre
ciated by those fortunate enough to attend.
Dancing concluded the evening's enjoyment.
The following programme was presented dur
ing the evening: Overture, Dellepiai:e's Or
chestra; whistling solo, "Tiie Shepherd Boy"
(Wilson), Miss Cordie Wetjeu; the tramp ven
triloquist, Charles Barrineton; overture,
"The Merry Wives of Windsor," Metropolitan
Orchestra of fifteen Instruments, Fenton P.
Foster, director. Comic openi, one act, "Beans
and Buttons," musical paradox; dramatis per
soncc—John Bean Sr., F. it. Hayes; John Bean
Jr., G. O. Jones; Mrs. Agusta Button, Mis 3 Kose
Broderick; Mi.ss Agusta Button, Miss Z. Lewis
assisted dy the Metropolitan Orchestra of fif
teen musicians, under direction of Fentoa P
Foster.
Leo Assembly, Y. M. C. U., gave thoir ninth
anniversary social and dance on Thursaay
evening, April 9, at Teutouia Hall, Howard
street, between Eighth and Ninth. Like their
former reunions, the entertainment was un
usually novel and enjoyable.
Mr. and Mrs. 11. H. Lowenthal celebrated the
seventh anniversary of their marriage at their
beautiful home on Clay street. Addresses
were made by Hon. Ge-.-rsre H. Bahrs, Judge
Barnett, Ed Wolff, A. Lewis, H. Levitsky, Mr.
Lowenthal and others.
IN THE FUTURE.
A Number of Delightful Entertainments An
nonnood for the Coming Week.
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, O. E. S., has ar
ranged for a delightful entertainment, ft liv
ing pictorial representation of Tennyson's "A
Dream of Fair Women," to be given at Golden
Gate Hall, 025 Suiter street, on Thursday
evening, April 16.
The final german Of the Winter Cotillon
Club of this City for the season of 1895-96 will
be held on Friday evening, April 17, 1896, at
Beethoven Hall.
The success which the club has met with in
its series of dances has been marked to such a
degree that the members are eagerly looking
forward to the most enjoyable time of the sea
son at their final meeting.
The following well-arranged programme has
been prepared by the pupils of Professor?
Sanchu and Lorafcrdero for the grand testi
monial concert to be tendered these gentlemen
on Wednesday evening, April 15, at Y. M. C. A.
Hall, corner Mason and Ellis streets: (o) march,
"Rastus on Parade" (6) waltzes, "P.lue Danube"
(Strauss), Alhambra Club; song, "For the Sake
of the Past" (Mattel), Frank Cottin; violin solo,
"Scherzo — Tarantelle" (Wieniawski), Miss
Susie M. Blair; (a) mazurka salon, "Por Qulen
Suspiras," (5) Spanish dance, "El Genii"
(Sancho), Figaro Club; song, "Come, Gentle
Sleep (Sullivan), Frank Coffin ; bandurria and
fuitar duet, "Valse Brillante" (Lombardero),
. Lombardero and J. Sancho; waltzes, "Le.-j
Patineurs" (Waldteufel). mandolin quintet \
overture (a) "Semiramiae" ( Rossini), (0) "Nar-j
cissus" (Nevtn), Alhambra Club; R. Fletcher
Tilton, accompanist.
A fin de siecle leap-year party will be given
by Enterprise Circle No. 124, C."O. F., in Social
Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, Saturday evening,
April 18.
A flower party will be given at California
Hall, 02 Bush street, on Monday evening,
April 27, under the auspices of the California
Cotillon Club.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 50, N. D. G. W., have
issued invitations for a leap - year party
Wednesday evening, April 15, in the banquei
hall, N. S. G. W. building.
An entertainment for the benefit of the male
visitors to the Good Samaritan Mission, Second
and Folsom streets, will be given by the Kip
Club on Wednesday evening. A programme
of superior merit will be performed by noted
singers and recitationists of Oakland. All
visitors are made welcome.
Ivanhoe Circle Companions of the Forest will
give a genuine hayseed party in Social Hall.
loresters 1 building, 102 O'Farrell street, on
Friday evening, April 17. The committee hav
ing charge of the entertainment have resolved
to make the party a social and financial suc
cess and will introduce many novelties for the
amusement of their guests.
A grand testimonial benefit will be tendered
to the widow of the late Sergeant A. C. Marks
of Company A, First Regiment, on Wednesday
evening, April 29, at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121
Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy will celebrate
their wooden wedding Wednesday evening,
April 15, at their residence, 1125 O'Farrell
street.
The Carriers' Independent Benevolent Asso
ciation will give an entertainment and ball at
California Hall on the evening of April 18.
The Eintracht Frauen Verein will give a
grsnd leap-year party this (Sunday) evening,
April 12, at the Verein Eintracht Hall, 237
Twelfth street, near Howard. The entertain
ment promises to Le a very grand success.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, accompanied by her grand
daughter, Miss Florence Breckin ridge, has
gone to viaii Mrs. Will Tevis at her home at
Bakers, field.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss Car
rie Taylor are preparing for a European tour.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Lester, Miss Hobart and
Miss Vassault expect to leave New York next
week for this City.
Charles Webb Howard sailed last week for a
short trip to Honolulu.
Miss Jennie Sherwood left on Monday last
for her home in Spokane.
Miss Throckmorton leaves on the Ist of June
for Castle Crag, where she will pass the sum
mer.
Mrs. Goad and the Misses Alleen and Gene
vieve Goad are at Paso Robles.
Mrs. Charles N. Bancroft is visiting her
mother, Mrs. Prey, at Santa Cruz, and after
a few weeks' stay will go to Mill Valley for
the summer.
Peter D. Martin is up from Los Angeles for a
short visit.
Dr. and Mrs. Herbert Wallace Hatch (nee
Greenebaum) have returned from their visit to
Portland.
Mrs. Roberts. Moore of Oakland is visiting
friends in Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Howard have se
cured a residence at 2000 Paciric avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. W. Sanford are occupying
the residence 2509 Pacific avenue.
Captain William Pool and wife, Mr. end Mrs.
Webster Jones and Dr. William Whitereliare
registered at Paso Robles.
Jars. James Ons Sr. leaves on the Ist of May
for Stockton, where she will pass the summer.
Jesse Triest is in New York for a short stay.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Fleishman (nee Heller) have
returned from their bridal trip and are located
at the Palace Hotel.
Captain and Mrs. George E. Wallace ha* re
moved for the season to tne Hotel St. Nicholas
on Market street, where they will be pleased
to see their friends.
Miss Alice E. Collins left per steamer Ya
quina for Yaquina Bay to visit her cousin, Miss
Nvliie Evans, near Monroe. She will make
her liume at her uncle's, Mr. James Evans, but
will visit other relatives in different parts of
the State Leiore returning to San Francisco.
.Mr. and Mrs. J. Eugene Freeman (nee Payne)
have returned from Del Monte and are stop
ping at the Hotel Mateo for the summer.
George X. lolsom of the Market-street Rail
way, Mrs. George T. Folsom, Miss E. Estrada,
James C. King of Chicago, G. P. Hughtoii of
Oakland, C. G. Meyers of San Jose, R. J. Kelley
of Aloena. Mich., and E. W.ffatdlff of San Fran
cisco are the Lite arrivals at Pacific Congress
Springs.
Miss Margaret Soelhke and Mr. and Mrs.
Prentice are among the guests at the xslue Lake
Hotel.
Mr. and Mr*. Sands W. Forman. Miss Gertrude
Formau uud G. M. Perine ure anioug the late
arrivuls at Paso Kobles.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Markwell of New York
City are stopping with their sister, Mrs. M. P.
Koiilberg, 417 Ashbury street, and will be
pleased to receive their friends on s-aturday.
Adolph Spttckela is still at Paso Robles.
Mr.-. Captain Biair and Miss Blair have re
turned home after spending a month at Paso
Robles.
Mrs. Dr. A. Ludlum Hill has gone to spend
three mouths ou the ranch of her brother-in
law, W. D. Wiluox, at Cotati, Sonoma County.
A SCHOLARSHIP CONVENTION.
Fifty Vonng Politicians Hold Forth at
the City BugineMS College.
The San Francisco Business College was
the 6cene of a lively convention of clever
younsr politicians of both sexes yesterday.
The offer of ten free scholarships for a
full course had been made by the college
to the public schools. The offer was made
in the form of a call to a scholarship con
vention. Each of the twenty grammar
schools was entitled to a representation of
two pupils, and the Girls' High School,
the Lowell High aud the normal schools
to four each.
Fifty delegates assembled at the college
at 10 a. m. yesterday and continued an
animated session until 2:30 p. m. Such
animal considerations as the need of
luncheon received no attention. Morris
Hixson, the president, and Herbert
Shirek, the secretary, were moie than
busy in keeping order and a record of the
motions and nominations.
There was nothing cut or dried about
that convention. There were thirty-one
nominations made by the body of "fifty.
When order was at last brought out bf
chaos the following were declared recipi
ents of scholarships: David Kosminskv of
tne Hamilton Grammar School, Fred I'at
tison of the Lincoln Grammar, Julia Kees
ing of the Pacific Heights, Kitty Cham
bers of the Girls' High School. Maggie
Nelson of the Horace Mann, Fred Holman
of the Franklin. Herbert Shirek of the
Everett. Albert Razeto of the Hearst and
Morris Hixson of the Mission Grammar.
Kitty Chambers received the $10 premium
offered to the student receiving the highest
number of votes. The convention broke
up with three rousing cheers for the
college.
Thomas Holcroft wrote a famous comedy
called "Deaf and Dumb."
. . NEW TO-DAY.
Iflii
/^LIPPI/C Alas, the pity of
l>r| r"* r"V Iv lt! thfttan y woman
V. I .*~ l I --'. 1 >* te7# i n this land of flow-
ers and sunshine should allow her face to re-
main disfigured by blemishes when I can posi-
tively remove wrinkles, freckles, tan, sunburn,
moth patches, salloivness, yellow skin, pim-
ples, blotches, blackheads, red nose, coarse
pores, warts and moles. ' , ' ■ ;
Itl'jM.! I 'i\\ 'V ;i '.No one can remove It so
Otl Mir LIJVLiS quickly as I, for I am the
|| 1 1I» ' most expert operator with the electric
lI.UJI. needle, the only safe way. Painless
and permanent. This work done by appoint-
ment. Only a few each day. Come now, or
you may have to wait weeks for a chance,
fin | V Gray-haired people are at a discount
Ifltijll socially and in business. Mv 4-DAY,
||i in IIAIK i:i:s i oiti:i; f $1 a bottle, re-
ll.illla stores the natural color. You can ap-
ply it. Can't bo detected. Not sticky. No
odor. No grease. . ■ . •
x«* VDET ftVVVtt to out-of-city
lllht WILII ladies. Mv,
jlßlJafc FACE POWDEK is of tile
T T»f finest grain nn<l grade. Abso-
m^*Sf lutely pure. My LOLA MON-
Isp. i 7 , TJKZ IKtME is the most ele-
NL- F gant and effective article to
JBt*F \**>r> preserve beauty, prevent wrin-
'ilnL^ _Jr«> les and all blemishes. .Bend
"is?srffiLiy/> 10c in stamps to pay postage,*
*»»133ji^-'^ ■ package,' ■ etc., ■ ■ ' and ■ receive
f~S~£~£:.x^ Beauty Book, trial box LOLA
'^~*~^* MONTEZ OBKKiJ, sample
I'ACJi POWDKU FIiKK.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-4 A ICY ST.. Shu Fraucisco, Cal.
1- . , ■ : ■ ■■: . ■ - -y :•■-". • » ■• ■ ■■■ ■ ■- •■ '-'*- *
Jg|*jjußKg| Sf '< H V -r^' IB
J&EBbWsQ '''s'- -\&&im*^'& wSsßa "'^s li H '*'*■*' Mmfm
THE PADEREWSKI HAND~~
A Professor of Palmistry Secures a Very Good Impression
in Lampblack. /■;
"This is the wizard hand that works
miracles, the dextrous sweep of which
over the ivory keys sets women into
ecstatic hysterics and drives men to drink
through jealousy."
J. B. Hargett, professor of palmistry
sat before a table in his oirke. upon which
lay a sheet of blackened paper, bearing
the imprint of a hand. Every line of the
hand was shown, even to the very finest
markings of the cuticle. It was a large
hand, with fingers rather short in propor
tion and wide apart.
''It is the truly artistic hand," said the
professor contemplatively. "It is the hand
of Paderewski. The impression? Oh,
nothing more than a sheet of lampblack.
I secured the impression at Los Angeles."
"I met the processor with some friends
at his car. They were about to pull out
when the thought occurred to me. Pade
rewski was perfectly willing, but when I
made the preparation of lampblack his
private secretary was very much alarmed
with the evident" doubt as to the effect on
that wonderful hand. I reassured him
with the explanation that it was nothing
more dangerous than plain lampblack.
Paderewski placed liis hand on the paper,
but did not press heavily enough and the
impression was poor. This is the second
attempt, which is much better.
"What do its lines indicate? Here is the
reading which I made at the time," and
the professor read from a manuscript as
follows:
"The first impression that I got from
this hand was that it was the product of a
cold country. Its grasp and texture were
those of a baseball-player. Its finer pow
ers were, however, apparent in ttie touch.
It shows the hereditary power of cold re
gions and nothing in "the development in
cident to blue skies and balmy breezes.
The skin and formation indicate hardi
hood. It is made for hard work and bears
the evidence of having done hard work.
It is capable of remarkable skill. It is truly
tde artistic hand. The emotional and im
aginary qualities are strongly marked — J
NEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS. •^/■*it. ;- .- .'
107-109 POST STREET,
1220-1222-1224 HkOCu&.IEIIHZE 1 !' STREET.
The "After Easter" Special Sell-
ing of Surplus Stocks of Dress Goods
continues at the Market=street store
another week. Two "good things"
in Black Silk at both stores. A large
importation of Real Kid Gloves have
arrived direct from France for the
K. S. F. Stores. Here are a few of
the items, but remember "there are
others." : - • : . : ''- y*/ \- . '. /-. .
$2.50 Very large Suit | $5.00 , . Our black goods
Suit— Patterns, enough | Suit — : never fail to satis-
More for wide skirt and I Worth fy, even at regular
Than full - sleeves — on $8.00. II prices, but when a
One sale at Market-st. .. ;;.: v r- ; lucky chance en-
Hundred store only — see -\j ; ; ; ■ : ables us to : sell $8
Styles. the show windows' ' .• Suits for $5 wees-
— they , s are the •• '«, } tablish ourselves
newest thing- for ••;••--■ '; firmer than ever in
spring- and worth ■ public-favor.
•. 50c yard at. least • ecroycs finished
■ •'-■ _i_!l»»-.^ *-. ■ r ,1 ' ■ BLACK MOHAXR-46 Inches
, . , , many OI them . wlde-noveliy asured effects-
" WOrth more. very large pattern-fast color
worth more. Thi-week »» 00 suit
fßmwasLJt wo . * oth st res 1 f °r
3? SSSTEWESuSSg £°? d l^ cc'e c ' and lent y
fabric for ontlng and bloomer 1 hinfi^S of them nn «snl*» if
costumes. ■ Suit..-....; sf'J 50 »■»•••»" ul tUCIU on. Sale II
_l__ In Silk, you come early in,
fancy mohair suitings the week. It's an
— 33 and Inches viide— new . unusual chance to
Persian effects lv the spring UUU&UdI CnaUCCtO
. ■ coioriup-75 styles.. Suit *Z 50. get a Stylish waist
or dress.
■ SHADED DIAGONAL MO- '■■ ]" , ' . ,
HAIKB— B9 Inches wide- BLACK BROCADED KDIA
strictly woo! antl mohalr-large LK-20 Inches wide-VTii«i
assoriiuentoJ colors, & uitS 2 60. . heavy quality— r-aiiv a valup it
65c. Special this week at. . .
• — 35cyard
ENGLISH NAVAL SKHGE- - ' BLACK' Bo^.nt.^ BATIN
62 inches wide-warranted all DVCHKSSK ?>t? E ? BATI^
pure wool-navy and black only . ; pnre silk «nJ ! ? c^ es wide-
. „ , Lperfect i^ dye. £ ,uU,..« 50 - • -IT Ipe^PS/^^tf.'^l^^^
the qualities essential to success in hia
calling. There are four native ele*
menta necessary to the success
of an artist, and this hand
indicates their possession. The first
is feeling, which gives desire, enthusiasm,
force. The next is imagination, which
gives expression. The third is not a small
element in itself, ambition, persistence,
patience; the last the quality of execution.
This hand possesses these fundamental
qualities. Nothing snort of perfection
will satisfy the ambition of thisunequaled
artist. Nativa strength, physical, intel
lectual, moral and skillful — all these are
indicated by the form and construction of
the hand, ideality is strongly indicated.
"There is nothing comely, dainty or
charming about this hand. It has the
ouality of a high order of mentality,
friendship, honesty, good character and
hard labor.
"The marks of the hard labor are upon
it. I had not had hold of a hand which
impressed me more with sterling worth
and honest application than this. It doeg
not need the deceptive arts of the medium
or clairvoyant to indicate its quality. It
plays upon two sets of chords at the same
time; tue one in the piano and the other
in the breast of the auditor. He strikes
both with like force and facility and both
respond with their own music. There are
signs in this hand to show that there had
ben souls struck with deep and lasting
music. The owner has had quite a num
ber of love experiences from the age of 16
to the age of 84. Thesp experiences are
dotted here quite thickly at the rate of
three or four stalks to a hill. It appears at
about the age of 21 there was a marriage.
The marriage record is placed at about
that day. After mature manhood the
record of flirtation almost disappeared.
"There is a strong headline bisecting in
tellectuality with real and strong affection.
The affection like the skiil is strong and
ideal, hard to catch. There is indicated
just enough of the mathematical and
philosophical in his nature to balance the
emotional and imaginative qualities.
There is a great tendency to travel, lar^e
sensitiveness, a long life line and good
intuition."FROM THE BOWELS OF THE EARTH
IF the capital that is being used to
enable science to pierce to the outly
ing precincts of the universe through
trie illimitable heavens were turned to
the purpose °* exploring, in a meas
ure, t lie interior of the earth, does it not
seem likely that the result would be vastly
more protitable in a practical and mate
rially helpful way?
We gaze with unfeigned awe at the ob
servatory on Mount Hamilton, and we
consider with wonderment the vast amount
of speculation annually raised through the
glimpses obtained uy the eve of a scholar
Into the regions of the stars, which, to a
majority ol the inhabitants of the globe,
appear but little more than dim candles of
the night.
Verily, the study of the heavens is sub
lime; but a far mure important study to
the bulk of humanity is the unbeautiful
one of bread and butter. Every now and
then some millionaire immortalizes him-
Belf by giving a few hundred thousands of
his hoard to aid the investigations into
other worlds. It is a grand thing for him
to do, of course; but would it not be a
novelty, with in immortalizing tendency
as well, to have somebody with great
riches provide a eoodly sum, not with the
object of discovering the color of the hair
of the people in Mars, but of boring down
toward the center of the earth in cider to
rind what wealth is latent there— in order
to encourage all manufacturing industries
by bringing up fiom the hidden depths
the natural gas and the oil that may solve
forever the problem or light and fuel, and
benefit mankind to a degree unexcelled in
history?
Well-boring may be a rather prosaic oc
cupation; but the well-borer is, perhaps,
destined to enrich the general run of
mortals more substantially than any other
artisan. He may not push through to
< 'hma and permit of a pneumatic tube line
between here and the stronghold of the
heathen— he may not do the Christian
missionaries that amount of service; and
he may not even go far enough to decide
whether or not hell is located near the
earth's center; but he may bore sufficiently
far to set at the wells from which gold in
various forms may be pumped up to an
eager wurid.
K. If. Hoagland, one of the leading well
borers of the West, winie engaged in drill
ing in the Puente oil district in Los An
peles County, eight years ago, learned some
things which he esteemed of great value
judcing from his experience in the oi
regions of Pennsylvania. The Puente dis
trict is thirteen miles southeast ot Los An
ge!e«. Careiui observation convinced Mr
Hoagland that PuenU- was part of a grea
oil belt which extended through the Cit>
of the Angels. This idea he communi
cated to some capitalists, who were mucl
impressed with it. All the land in the
"oil belt" could have been taken up on lon
leases, if not purchased outright, ami a
comparatively small figures when tbe
present day is considered.
At tha: early stage of the proceeding
an expert, or professional expert. appeare<
on the srene. He knew all about the Penn
sylvania oil lands and was able to scent oil
indications from afar off. He was em
ployed by the capitalists to look over the
Los A.ngelea field. He did. His report
condemned the scheme, and he declared
that, as far as oil indications were con
cerned, they were merely seepages from
the mountains or surface showincs brought
down by the waters. The expert's de
cision wa« that the oil story had '-nothing
in it." To-day these capitalists are be
moaning their failure to act eight years
ago, when they might have secured con
trol of ail the oil in the city of perfumed
zephyrs and orange blo^sums. Two years
ago the predictions of Mr. Hoagland were
Where the Leakage From the Seas Is Converted Into Steam at the Root of the Volcano.
fulfilled. Oil wells were struck in Los An
pele:-: the oil belt became an astonishing
reality ; out these well? do not yield riches
a? tIK-y would have done under one cor
poration. Tiify are in small holdings.
Every man with a lot has ?unk a well and
the market has been flooded, until oil that
used to bring $2 25 a barrel is retailed for
50 cents the barrel.
"And now let us bring this subject right
home to San Francisco," observed Mr.
HoagluxL "The oil that is within easy
reach of this City should be developed.
Tli i« would determine for us tne question
of cheap fuei for manufacturing purposes.
There ia oil in San Mat«*o County, ana
there i» no telling but what it extends in a
belt rieht thmujch B*n Francisco and up
the coast. There are oil indications on
the other side o' us in Mann and Hum
boldt counties. Over in Contra Costa
County, at Minor's ranch, near San Pablo,
oil and gas come up naturally out of the
ground. If capital will undertake the
work the benefits to be derived from it
will be inestimable to the bay region."
Through some land a well-borer might
drill for a year and get no satisfaction in
any flow of oil or water or gas. An ex
perience like this came to Mr. Hoagiand.
A Southern California ranch-owner en
gaged him to bore a well near the
rancher'a house. Water was scarce in the
vicinity. A 'peculiar notion struck the
man. "He owned a big tract, and he had
$15,000 in cash. If he could strike water
in heavy flow his fortune would be made
by his own irrigation scheme. If he could
strike gas or oil, why so much the better.
"I've cot $15,000, "said the rancher, "and
I'm going to keep you boring till you
strike something I want or till I'm broke."
Mr. Hoagland suggested that the lo
cation of the well was unpromising, but
the man knew where he wanted it, and his
say went. The well was bored to a depth
of 2S.'>o feet ; the rancher went broke in it
almost, and he got neither oil, gas nor
water, i^omo speculations turn out just
that way.
"In San Mateo County," said Mr. Hoag
land, "I drilled a well* over 1000 feet in
depth, and struck salt water. Now this
was 700 feet above sea-level and about
eight or ten miles from the coast, on Tar
Creek, a tributary to the Pescadero. We
were aiming for oil at the time. The most
curious part of the outcome was that the
salt water flowed every seventh day.
Somebody styled it the Holy Well, as
there was no accounting for the phe
nomenon."
Mr. Hoagland has been in the well-bor
ing business since he was 15 years old. He
was born and brought up in Bradford
County, Pa., but for twenty years past
he has been engaged in his occupation on
this coast. It was he who drilled the
Moody Gulch oil wells, near Los Gates, in
Santa Ciara County, and from them several
thousand gallons of petroleum of a supe
rior quality have been pumped. A gas
company in San Jose holds a contract for
all the oil that can be produced at Moody
Gulch. The San Mateo oil wells yield both
gas and oil; the oil product being of a
high grade, but running only about live
barrels a day. This brings $4 a barrel in
San Francisco.
The old-fashioned well-borer worked
down from 10U to 150 feet a day in ordi
narily good ground. He might run into
clay, quicksand, hardpan or cobble. There
are instances where men have drilled for
! twelve hours to get throuch twelve inches
i of rock; for some of the rock is so hard
! that it would cut glass.
Hoagland has invented a new method of
hoisting and lowering the boring rods by
j which the speed of boring is accelerated,
! and on easy soil he can make from 200 to
j 250 feet per day. while from seventy-five to
eighty feet of rock drilling can be done in
■ the same period.
At 250 feet per day the center of the
■ earth would be reached in about 280 years,
I so that there is nu probability of any of
■ the present generation learning how hot it
! is down there unless somebody springs a
. scheme for drilling with much greater
' rapidity. But capital may well ponder
over tie idea of boring for oil or of boring
down to see what can be pot. The earth
is chockfull of precious things, and gold is
only a small fraction of the value of the
; contents of the interior of this mundane
■ sphere. This advice to the rich is quite
' similar to the advice which has oftentimes
i be?n given to the poor to "get in and dig."
But there is something more to this sub
• ject of well-boring;- One of the great mo
tive powers of the world of industry is
1 steam, which "scorns the strength of our
puny hands as the tempest scorns a
chain." Now, the cost of the production
of steam, the fuel, machinery, etc., is a
; most important item. If mankind could
■ obtain all the steam-power necessary in all
the fields to which it is applicable at barely
nominal expense the benpfits would be be
yond all calculation. Why may not some
well-boring genius of the future convert to
industrial use the steam that is imprisoned
in the bowels of the earth and that is now
and then- finding vent through the craters
of volcanoes? Old Mount Diablo, at our
very door, is an extinct volcano, and it is
not*impossible that the upward expansion
of vapors from below may some time blow
the cover of his chimney off again. The
Pacific Ocean is girdled with volcanoes.
Some geologists connect volcanic phe
nomena with internal lakes of liquid mat
ter or a central ocean of molten rock. The
floor of the sea, the beds of rivers and
lakes, are all leaky, and tbe subterranean
water percolates down cracks and joints in
vast quantities. Many believe that it is to
the enormous expansive force of perhaps
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
____ NEW TO-DAY DRY^GOODS.
-HfCES THAT HIPBASEEIDR LIFIHIRIfIt
DOMESTICS!
WASH GOODS!
SEASONABLE AND SERVICEABLE
LEADING LINES.
FULL YARD WIDE BLEACHED n n
MUSLIN, fair quality; also 3G
unbleached Yard I
The Weil-Known "White Rock"
Yard Wide BLEACHED 7 n !
MUSLIN, soft finish, value for lb '
10c, at Yard
Three cases BLEACHED TOWEL- i n
ING, 16 inches wide, twilled tU
fabric. Yard
100 dozen BLEACHED COTTON cn n
TOWELS, closely woven, fast DUG
selvedges Dozen '
100 pairs FINE WHITE CALI-»4 nn
FORNIA BLA N X T 66U>T.UU
inches wide, value $5 50 Pair
NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR-
TAINS, genuine Brussels ef- fljrt nn
feet, full length, very lacy and U>&.UU
stylish pair ;
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3 cn n
yards long, good, strong thread, Cub
effective in design Pair j
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Zy, <M Cfl
yards long, 60 inches wide, UM.UU :
very durable Pair •
12-4 FINE WHITE M I S S I O N fljl Qfl >
BLANKETS, weigbt fi}£ lbs.,U>T.OU
; width 68 inches, were $7 50 Pair I
BLEACHED PURE LINEN TA-
BLE DAMASK, large variety 4K p
of patterns, 62 inches wide, Tub
value 60c a yard Yard
, ; m
(slf Murphy Building, / iri/ Murphy Building, f [£(/ Murphy Building. J mil Murphy Bulldine. >J IBIwH 2 ■» ..o. /
** -Kur v ' Bf «iuiH"y ounumg, if Lflf Murphy Building, /
Market ani Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market ani Jones Streets. Met ai Jones Streets.
white-hot water finding access to and im
prisoned in some of the empty spaces at
the roots of volcanoes that the explosion
of the crater and the subsequent rise of the
lava column are due. It has been sup
posed that, somewhat like the reservoirs
in which the hot water and steam accumu
late under the Icelandic geysers, these vol
canic spaces receive a constant influx of
water from the surface which cannot
escape by other channels, but is in great
part converted into vapor or retained in
the fluid state at an enormously high tem
perature and unaer vast pressure. In
course of time the materials tilling up the
chimney are unable to withstand the up
ward expansion of this imprisoned vapor
and water, so that, after some premonitory
rumblings, the whole opposing mass is
blown out, and the vapor rushes u\> in the
well-known masses of cloud. Meanwhile,
the removal of the overlying column re
lieves some of the pressure from the water
charged lava, which therefore begins to
rise in the funnel until it forces its way
through some weali part of the cone or
pours over the top of the crater. After a
time the vapor is extended, the energy of
the volcano ceases and there comes a vari
able period of repose, until a renewal of
the same phenomena brings on another
eruption.
Now if the well-boring genius shall
sink a pipe down to a point that will tap
the internal steam forces, why should he
not perform the magnificent 'dual service
Although we have always been noted as LEADERS IN LOW PRICES we
have never before been in position to offer such TREMENDOUS INDUCE-
MENTS TO PURCHASERS as have crowded our store with buyers ever
since the Spring season opened, for our MATCHLESS DISPLAY embraces
ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING NEW AND FASHIONABLE in the line of
Dry Goods and Cloaks, and every article is offered at prices that cannot be
duplicated elsewhere in the West when quality is taken into consideration.
As samples of these prices we present a few of the
POWERFUL ATTRACTIONS OFFERED THIS WEEK!
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
LADIES' SPRING CAPES !
At $1.50.
LA.DIES' DOUBLE CAPES, in shades of
Navy, Black and Tan Cheviot, with in-
laid velvet collar, worth $2 50, will be
offered at if 1 50 each.
At $1.75.
LADIES' DOUBLE FULL RIPPLE
CAPES, of navy and black cheviot,
with upper cape and rolling collar,
trimmed with several rows of mohair
braid, worth $3 50, will be off ered at
$1 75 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of
lUack, Tan and Navy Blue Cloaking,
upper cape and collar braided in pretty
designs, worth $4, will be offered at
$2 50 each.
At $3.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE AND SINGLE
CAPES, made of twilled and plain
cloaking, braided in varioxis designs,
tan, navy blue and black, worth $4 50,
will be offered at $3 each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, made of very
fine cloaking, richly embroidered in
Persian shades, neck finished with
pleated ribbon, black, navy blue and
tan, worth $•">, will be offered at $3 50
each*.
At $4.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of
twilled cloaking, prettily braided or
trimmed with several rows of soutache
braid and small white buttons, navy
blue, iin and black, worth $(3, will be
offered at $4 50 each.
gW Our New Spring Catalogue is
be mailed Free on receipt of address.
of checking volcanic eruptions and put
ting the expansive power to use in our
j cities and towns? If the steam could be
| piped from the subterranean caverns one
of the causes of volcanic eruptions would
thus be removed.
Then, of course, the well-borer would be
sure to strike oil and gas during his ex
ploitation for the roots of volcanoes, and
those necessary adjuncts to civilized life
could be made cheaper than Spring Val
ley water. The world is destined to wit
ness many wonders that not even the in
tellectual prophets of this fin de siecle
, Btage of history have ventured to predict.
i Why may not some well-borer startle man
-1 kind with an achievement undreamed of
! now, as the result of boring down into
| depths hitherto unreached, and only al
lotted to in uagan myth and Christian
fable?
WRECK OF THE BLAIRMORE
A Court of Inquiry to Meet
Thursday at the British
Consulate.
Bids for the Raising of the Sunken
Ship Will Be Opened To-Morrow
at Noon.
The capsizing of the British ship Blair
more was the one absorbing topic of con
versation on the water front yesterday.
Men speculated as to the why and the
wherefore, and the women pitied the
wives and children and relatives of the
dead sailors. All expressed their opinion
about the catastrophe, and while some
blamed Captain Caw others thought he was
blameless, inasmuch as he was only fol
lowing the rules laid down by his owners.
The only manner in which the facts can
be arrived at is by a board of inquiry.
This the British Consul has ordered,
and it -will sit next Thursday at 10 ,\. m.
It will be composed of Wellesley Moore,
British Consul ; Captain Harvey, a retired
British master, and Captain England of
the British ship Thistle, now in port. All
the survivors of the disaster will be called
as witnesses, and the olJioers and crew on
the British Yeoman will also be heard
from, and their evidence will determine
the verdict.
The question of raising the sunken ship
is now under discussion. Bids have been
called for and will be opened to-morrow.
It is a question of no success no pay, and
if the Blairmore is not raised the contrac
tor will be out and injured on the proposi
tion. The chances are that Whitelaw, the
wrecker, will secure the job, and if lie does
the manner in which he will go to work
will be very simple. The hole cut in the
side of the sunken vessel, l>y the work
men of the Union Iron Works will be
patched up and then divers will cut away
the masts and batten down the hatches.
The hull will then be pumped out and
afterward rilled with air. Then if expecta
tions are realized the vessel will come to
the surface of her own volition. This was
the course pursued in the case of the Earl
ot Dalhousie, and as it proved a success
thn chances are that it will be followed
again. The bids will be opened to-mor
row and it remains to be seen who will do
the work.
In spite of the fact that very little of the
unfortunate ship can be seen except at
dead low water quite a number of excur
sion steamers will run out to her to-day.
The Caroline will make hourly trips from
Mission -street wharf and the Ethel and
Marion and the Millie will run from Clay
street. All three are sure to carry crowds,
as the chance of seem? the tomb of the six
imprisoned sailors will be a drawing cam.
As soon as the bodies are recovered the
British shipmasters will take charge of
them and the funeral will bo under tneir
auspices.
! LADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS ! !
At $5.00.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and
Double - Breasted Jackets, in navy,
black and mixed brown cheviot, with
ripple skirts, mandolin sleeves, neatly
finished, worth $7 50, will be offered at
$5 each.
At $7.50.
! LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and I
Double-Breasted Jackets, in black and !
navy cheviot, lined throughout and j
neatly finished, also checks and mot-
tled effects in shades of gray and tan,
worth $10, will be offered at $7 50 each.
From $2.75 to $20.
A full line of stylishly made SKIRTS,
lined throughout, in Serges, Cheviots,
Figured Alpacas, Fancy Blacks and
Colored Goods, Figured Black Silks,
varying in price from $2 75 to $20 each.
LADIES' SPRING JACKETS!
At $5.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACK-
ETS, in mottled effects, aifferent
shades, with very full leg-o'-mutton
sleeves, large bone buttons, notched
collar, worth $7 50, will be offered at
$j each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACK- !
ETS. in black, tan and navy, with
triple stitched seams, new style
pleated backs, very full sleeves, notched
collar, larue bone buttons, worth $10,
will De offered at $7 50 each.
now ready for distribution to COUNTR
THE JOOST ROAD SOLD
The San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Line Changes
Hands.
BUCK AND OHLANDT GET IT.
Net a Gxd Show for the Bond
holders to Recover Their
Money.
San Francisco's first electric railroad,
built by Behrend Joost about six years
ago, and known as the San Francisco and
Ban Mateo Railroad, changed hands yes
terday at noon.
It was sold at the instance of a judg
ment creditor, and was purchased by John
A. Buck and Nicholas Ohlandt for $300,-
The sale took place at the Larkin-street
entrance of the City Hail b.v Receiver
Sanford Bennett, in virtue of a judgment
rendered by Superior Judge Seawell, Feb
ruary tt last, on a foreclosure of mortgage
for the unpaid interest of borrowed capital
amounting to $1,100,000, the bonds of
which were held in trust by the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company.
At precisely 11* o'clock, Receiver Bennett
proceeded to read his authority for offer
ing the road, plant aud rolling stock for
sale, after whicti he called for bids.
The lirst off<T came from A. F. Morri
son, representing Buck & Ohlandt, and
the sum named was $'200,000.
"Two hundred and five," said C. C. But
ler, and the bids ran up $. % .000 at a time till
Morrison bid $2i 10,000.
Mr. Butler raised it $1000 and it went
$100 at a bid till $:2r«;,000 was reached.
Butler then raised it $500 and it vent up
at that rate till Morrison bid $;500.000.
"Take Mr. Morrison's check," said But
ler.
Bennett tried in vain to pet another bid,
but it was finally knocked down to Mr.
Morrison for s3oo,ooo. He announced that
Buck it Qniandt were the purchasers.
This road, notwithstanding the difficul
ties it had to contend with in the shape
of bad management, h:ts been a paying
line. It cleared 6ft an average ?4OUO a
month after paying all the running ex
penses. Its total indebtedness up to the
present time i* about $1,500,000. This is
tho amount which would be necessary to
redeem the bonds upon their face value,
but from the manner in which the bonds
were issued to the S. S. Construction Com
pany at the time that C. C. Butler came to
the rescue of Joost with coin for the com
plesion of the road after the construction
had progressed to a certain point from
where Joost could not extricate himself
the amount of ready cash was about one
half of the face value ef the, bonds.
Hence it is thought that the losses to the
bondholders will not be quite so great as
if the bonds had been purchased at their
face value, which was $1, 306,0*9 3.
Attorney E. P. Cole will resist the con
firmation "of the sale on behalf of his
client, A. C. Spreckels.
Michael Mnllaney, the attorney for
Behrend Joost, announced that his client
claimed the iranchise on Sunnyside
avenue, and gave notice that certain parts
of the road passed over private property
belonging to him (Joost). Mullaney
asked the purchaser would take
the road subject to certain claims that
were being litigated, at the same time
slating that he had a suit pending against
the company for $6000, ana also whether
the purchaser wouid assume all such lia
VELVET ANBMI CAPES!
At $5.00.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPE, of
blact velvet, with changeable silk lin-
ing, very neatly jetted, finished at
neck with ruche of ribbon and lace,
worth $7 50, will be offered at $5 each.
At $6.50.
LADIES' SHORT RIPPLE CAPE, of
black velvet, with changeable silk lin-
ing, trimmed with narrow beaded
gimp and niching* of satin ribbon;
also Ripple Cape of velvet, with change-
able striped siik, handsomely beaded,
ribbon ruche around neck, and Ripple
Cape of velvet, fancy silk lininer, fall
niching of lace and ribbon around
neck and shoulders, worth $9, will be
offered at $6 50 each.
At $8.50.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPE, of
Sicilienne silk, lined with satin, hand-
somely embroidered with very full
niching of lace around neck, bow and
streamers of satin ribbon, worth $12 50,
will be offered at $8 50 each.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS!
At $1.95.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE - BREASTED
JACKETS, of fancy checked material,
in blue, red and brown, leg o' mutton
sleeves, notched collar, bone buttons,
worth $3, will be offered at $1 95 each.
V PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will
bilities up to the date of the judgment
February 6, 1896.
The franchise for street railway purposes
on Sunnyside avenue from san Jose avenue
westward to power-house is owned by
Behrent Joost or his assigns as private
property, all of which he claims as nis in
dividual private property.
To these questions feeceiver Rennett
made no reply, but proceeded with the
sale, and after knocking the road and all
its spurs branches, rolling-stock and real
ty to the purchaser, retired to the City
Hall to receive his check for $30,000. on the
basis of 10 per cent purchase money.
NEW ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
Work on the Presidio Recreation Park
to Be Commenced Monday.
Work on the new athletic park, com
prising what was formerly two squares
fronting on Baker street, between Fran
cisco and North Point, is to be commenced
to-morrow. The grounds have been leased
for live years from the Fair estate by the
Presidio and Ferries Company, and ar
rangements have been made for an ideal
place for all outdoor sports. In further
ance of this design William E. Rockwell,
late manager of the Haight-street recrea
tion grounds, bas been appointed manager.
The park will contain a first-class bicycle
track, a cinder path, an immense grand
stand with special provision for training
quarters and all similar requisitas. As
soon as the grounds are in condition,
which will be about the first of June, it is
understood the Olympic Club will use it
as its regular training grounds in lieu of
its present grounds at the old Haight
street park. The football teams are also
taking an interest in the grounds, and
they will be constructed with a view to
their needs. William Kennedy of the
Olympic Club has been lending valuable
assistance in helping the directors of the
road to plan a park that will meet the
favor of athletes.
Big Attractions at Halght Street.
If the weather is propitious this afternoon
and evening, the log-rolling contest and exhi
bitions announced for last, Sunday will be
given at the chutes. The entertainments
offered are a distinct novelty to San Francisco
and the lumbermen, Morris Hern-j and Daniel
Kirby, who will manipulate the piles, are ex
perts in their business.
Just after tae band gets through playing in
the park, patrons of that big breathing-place
rany drop in at the chutes and see the big
balloon inflated, if the wind is not too high,
and the nscension and parachute drop by Emil
Markeberg.
The Supreme Court of New York has
decided that a surgeon making an autopsy
without the permission of the relatives
of the deceased is liable to be sued for
damages.
_^ N ??LJ£?i DAT -
POMMERY SEC.
'nlTcnallT Acknowledged by Connoisseurs the HIGHEST GRADE of Chan*
pagne. Tourists to tho Continent ofEurope observe that POMMERT SEC Com*
■ - mands the Highest Price at all Better Hotels and Resorts. At the EngllsM
Wino Sales, I'O.iIMKKV SEC Invariably Kealizes the Highest Value*. .
'■• Exclusively served at the Banquet in Atlanta, tendered to PRESIDENT GROVER CLEVE.
LAND— "Constitution." • ;:-.::;- / ?»
Selected for the Uanquet in Hamburg given to the GERMAN EMPEROR and GERMAN
PRINCES.— New York "Times." '
Selected for the Banquet in Bordeaux given to the PRESIDENT of the FRENCH Rlt»
PUBLIC— York "Tribune." ; ; v? -
WILLIAM WOLFF Ar CO. a pacific coast aoisi%
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 5 Cents.
500 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, extra large size, regular
price $1 20 a dozen, will be offered at 5o
each.
At 15 Cents.
200 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS,
in assorted opera shades, navy and
•white rieured, biack, light, fancies, etc,
extra value for 25c, will be offered at
15c each.
At 12hl Cents.
75 dozen FULL-FINISHED IMPORTED
COTTON SOCKS, in assorted tan
shades, with double spliced heels and
toes, worth 20c, will be offered at 12^0
a pair.
At 35 Cents.
45 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' NEGLIGEE
OVERSHIRTS, made of heavy madras
and fancy twill shirtings and in a
choice variety of patterns, extra value
for 65c, will be offered at 35c each.
At 75 Cents.
52dozen MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRALIAN
LAMBS-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and
DRAWERS, medium weight, war-
ranted thoroughly shrunk, regular
price $1 25, will be offered at 75c each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK FRENCH LISLE-
THREAD HOSE, 7-1 ribbed, double
knee, heel and toe, warranted fast
black, regular value 35c, 40c and 50c.
At 333 a Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIBBED EXTRA
HEAVY BLACK MACO COTTOM
HOSE, double knee, heel, and toe,
Hermsdorf black, sizes 6 to !H£, regu-
lar price 50c.
At 33K Cents a Pair.
LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED LISLE-
THREAD HOSE, high spliced heel
and toe, black boot and opera shade
top combinations, also all black, regu-
lar price 50c.
At 50 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' FANCY RICHELIEU RIBBED
LISLE-THREAD HOSE, high spliced
heel and toe, black, bronze and as-
sorted tan shades, regular value 75c.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED LISLE-
THREAD VESTS, low neck and
sleeveless, silk braided neck and arms,
in white, ecru, black, sky and pink,
regular price 75c.
HE CAN HANDLE THE BOW.
Frederick Helms Claims He Is
the Oldest Fiddler in the
Country.
He Is 86 Years of Age, and Has Been
Compelled to Seek Shelter in
the Almshouse.
Frederick Helms, who claims he is the
oldest violin player in the United States,
is in the City Prison waiting bis transpor
tation to the Almsbouse to-morrow.
He and his wife had been Jiving in a
lodging-house on Washington and Drumm
streets, but as they were in arrears for the
rent of their room the landlord made them
leave yesterday afternoon. They got an
expressman and with their little belong
ings they drove out to the City Hall to
take the van to the Almshouse. but it had
gone, so ttiey went to the City Prison.
While the old man was in trie prison
his wife made an excuse that she wanted
to see the expressman, and when she got
outside she ran westward on McAllister
street ana that was the last seen of her.
Helms says he is 86 years of age next
September. He wa9 born in Hanover,
Germany, and came to this country 68
years ago. He went into the show busi
ness and traveled throughout the country
with the 'Topper's Ghost," "Missing
Link" and other illusions. He made
money but lost it all and blames his two
surviving daughters by his first wife for
all his troubles. Both are married and
one of them is living in Bakersfield and
the other somewhere in Oregon.
On being asked if 1113 daughters would
not support him in his old ace he shoo*
his head and said, "they are no good; I
needn't expect any help from them."
For some years the old man has sup
ported himself and wife by playing the
violin in saloons and dives oil the Barbary
Coast. Business became so dull that he
could not make enough to pay his rent
and procure food for himself and wife, and
the Almshouse was their only hope.
One of his precious possessions is his
violin, and he was never tired last night of
showing how cleverly he could handle the
bow, although close on 90 years of age.
He does not think his wife "has deserted
him, but believes she will turn up at the
prison all right. She was his second wife
and they were married sixteen years ago.
She is 60 years of age.
1920
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor-
T— .- ■■■ ■ '"' i "."■■„ ' ■
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postat* Fre«:
rally and Sunday Cam., one by carrier.. $0.15
Dfclly *cd Sunday Cai.t, one year, by mai! 6.00 !
Dally and Sunday C' 11.. s'.\ months, by mail.. S.OO ,
Dally and Baaday «*.»». i . tlire* months by mail 1.50 j
pally and Sumliiy Cali, one month, by mail.. .65 ,
SBGday Call, oce year. by mail 1.60 ,
WKJtXLv Call, one jaax. by xcall .......,•...• *«60
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market StrMt,
Ban Frnncisco, Californiß.
C.'.rtCL. Uala-ISBI
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Btreet.
ftophon* -^ M»ln-W74
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery ureet, corner Clay: ep«a until
f:3O o'clock.
839 Hayes etrMt; open until 9:30 o'clock.
71S Urk.a Hre*t; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteen: U and Mission «u«*U; op«»
•ntll 9 o'clock.
2618 mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
lid >iml> street; opfiinnMlOo'cloClt
OAKLAND OFFICE »
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
ft«cms il aad 32, 34 Park Row, New Tot* €Sty.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special cent.
bI'NDAY APRIL 12, 1896
THE CALL 6PEAKS FOR ALL.
To-day the new bonnet has anotner
show.
Oar spring weather changes often, but
in the East it changes much.
In our advertising columns this morn
ing you will find "the very thing."
Among the birds that sing in the spring
this year there is no sign of the cuckoo.
There are even some people who wish to
see Jerry Simpson nominated for Presi
dent.
The independence of Cuba should not
be regarded as a policy foreign to this
country.
About this time the winter resort puts
on new frills and calls itself a summer
pvadiae.
All Republicans are ready for the rose
festivals, but the Democrats would rather
have somebody give a dog show.
If the new woman had her way she
would turn politics into a festival, run for
Queen and let men do the voting.
If it rains to-day we shall have to con
clude the clerk of the weather has mis
taken the Easter bonnet for a flower
garden.
There are many enterprising persons
who are always taking big chances under
the belief that they are seizing great oppor
tunities.
When California goes to the St. Louis
convention she must take her interests
with her and see that they have a good
showing.
A Kansas prophet has predicted three
cyclones for the Mississippi Valley this
pummer, but it is even betting there will
be a dozen.
It becomes more evident every aay that
if Cleveland wishes some one to lead his
party this year he will have to hire a sub
stitute. There are no volunteers.
The band has not yet begun to play, nor
has the curtain been raised, but ail the
same the drama of the Presidential cam
paign is nearly half way through the first
act.
A Chicago judge has accused a Chicaeo
lawyer of trying to amend the ten com
mandments, and it goes without saying
that all Chicago people wish he had suc
ceeded.
The announcement that the British
forces will act on the offensive in the
Soudan raises the question whether there
is any part of Africa where they are not
acting that way. I
The only Interest the people will take in
the Chicago convention will be to see
whether the gold men and the silver men
can succeed in breaking away from one
another without mussing up the floor.
According to accounts given by Eastern
papers the bloomer girls who have come
out with the spring in that section are not
last year's bloomer girls by uny means, but
brand-new ones and much more stunning.
In his Georgia debate Hoke Smith has
the dor.ble task of answering his opponent,
Mr. Crisp, and refuting his own speeches
of four years ago, and while the first Dart
of the job may be the harder it i 3 the lat
ter part that worries.
The monopoly has always many tricks
to divide the people In order to carry its
Bcheme through, but the game it is now
playing between Santa Monica and San
Pedro is less like a trick than an attempt
at bulldozing.
The shopkeeper who does not keep
staple articles that are widely advertised,
but offers you something that is "just as
good," is a most excellent tradesman for
you to pass by and let him find a customer
that is just as good.
The seventy cadets who will graduate
from W r est Point this year and find only a
dozen vacancies awaiting them will be bet
ter off than tne thousands of young men
who will graduate from the law and medical
ecLools and rind no vacancies at aIL
The resumption of mining will benefit
the farmers of the State as much as the
miners, by making a tetter market for
their crops and putting more money into
circulation. The farmers in fact need the
mines almost as much as miners need the
arms. *
A club of Morton's supporters in New
York will go to St. Louis on bicycles, thus
introducing the wheel into politics, work
ins something like a revolution in cam
paign methods and increasing the heat
of the contest by substituting the scorcher
for the spell-binder.
Tie bill of Senator Perkins granting a
right of way through the Mariposa reser
vat: >n for the Yoscmite and Merced Kail
road ought to receive the full support of
the California delegation in Congress and
ba juisjcd at this session. It is full time
Yoseniite Valley were made accessible to
the people.
The bill of Watson of Ohio providing for
an appropriation of $250,000 for the erec
tion in Washington of a monument to the
private soldiers and the sailors of the navy
in the war for the Union deserves the sup
port of men of all parties in Congress.
The capital of the Nation has been adorned
with the statues of many generals and ad
mirals, and it is time the boys in the ranks
were remembered.
CALIFORNIA INTERESTS.
While under ordinary conditions " a
Presidential campaign does not really
begin until after the nominations have
been made by the two great parties, it is
evident that the contest of this year will
be an exception to the rule. The struggle
will be virtually settled by the convention
at St. Louis. Whoever is nominated
there will be almost certainly the next
I'resident of the United States. The
real camDaign of the year therefore
is that which is now being waged for suc
cess in the Republican convention. A
clear understanding of all that is involved
in this condition of affairs is of vital im
portance to the people of California, for
the State has great interests at stake in
the campaign, and if they are to be pro
vided for at all the work must be done at
St. Louis.
How we can best obtain all that the in
terests of California and the Pacific Coast
require cannot be answered in general
terms. The policy to be pursued will ne
cessarily depend tipon developments at the
St. Louis convention. Senator l'orkins, who
surveys the field from the vantage ground
of his high position at Washington,
paid in an interview published in The Call
yesterday that with a proper unpledged
delegation at the convention he was con
fident it would be possible for California
to "dictate the selection of a Cabinet offi
cer." This would give us a representative
and champion of the IStata and the Coast
in the highest branch of the Government
and would jro far to advance and promote
every interest w« may have that requires
the fosterin.' care of the Nation.
Certainly it is time for Californians to
begin to look out for California. The poli
cies of the Republican party are always
National in their scope, but very naturally
the leaders of the party at Washington
cannot know what is required by the vari
ous sections of the Union unless the men
of each section mace their wishes known.
This is what we must do now. Un
less Californians stand for California,
who will? It is useless for us to
expect of others that which we will not do
for ourselves. The duty of California Re
publicans at this juncture is, therefore,
plain. They must send to St. Louis a
delegation not merely to nominate a can
didate for President, but to see that the
interests of California have a rightful re
cocnition anion? all those other interests
whose combination makes up the welfare
of the great Republic.
A OAKNIVAL PREPARATION.
San Jose has put in'o successful opera
tion a novel and ingenious plan to assure
a bountiful supply of flowers for its great
rose carnival in May. It has been the
general custom heretofore to depend on
private gardens, which in all the cities of
California except San Francisco are able to
yield all the flowers required for carnival
uses. It is evident, however, that the
glow of the gardens is thus reduced at the
very time when it should b3 greatest. On
these occasions thousands of strangers
make their appearance, and it is advisable
that the beauty of the private grounds
should remain unimpaired.
San Jose adopted the plan of making
special provision for the enormous quan
tities of flowers needed for the approach
ing festival. This it did by selecting land
outside the city and planting it to flowers.
The work was placed under the charge of
a competent and public-spirited citizen,
who was supplied with funds. He planted
just the varieties of flowers most needed,
such as sweet peas, marigolds and roses,
and in the case of the annuals made plant
ings of a few days apart so as to secure a
constant supply of fresh flowers through
out the carnival.
Doubtless the selection of roses and
herbaceous plants made was made with a
view to the time and period of bloom of
different varieties. Of course all this costs
money, but it is evident that the results
must be far more satisfactory than those
depending on contributions from private
gardens. Under this arrangement we may
expect the San Jose carnival to make a
display of flowers richer, more abundant
and more gorgeous than has ever been
seen.
Good effects of the carnival spirit are a
pearingat San .lose. As it would be i
advised for visitors to find any streets in a
neglected condition the thoroughfares are
being put in perfect order. Such improve
ments, of course, have a permanent value.
The activity of the people is manifesting
itself in many other way?. Private gar
dens are being placed in the best order,
houses are receiving new paint and the
"Garden City" is generally receiving a
complete renovation. This is likewise the
result in the other cities in which carni
vals are to be held. Every citizen be
comes inspired with a desire to make his
city as atiractive as possible, and realizes
that concentration of effort on a public
spectacle to the neglect of the details
which make a city attractive in the ab
sence of such a show would negative the
benefits to be expected from a largo incur
sion of sightseers.
LOVEBS OP PLEASURE.
One cannot visit the improvements
which Mr. Sutro is rapidly completing in
the vicinity of the Cliff House without
marveling that an investment of millions
of dollars in one spot merely for the en
joyment of pleasure-lovers can be expected
to prove profitable in a comparatively
small city. Among these improvements
are a splendid structure taking the place
of the old Cliff House, the largest and
costliest baths in the world, a sumptuous
garden of generous extent and a curious
"Midway Plaisance," with its fantastic
shows. Mr. Sutro. not satisfied with all
this, has built a fine electric road for better
convenience in reaching them, maintains
at the baths a band and museum and
expert swimmers and divers for the edifica
tion of visitors, and now proposes to erect
on the rocks overhanging the surf one of
the finest hotels in the West. >*o other
city in the country except New York, with
its Coney Island adjunct, has anything
like such a pleasure resort. There is a
vital difference of tone between the two
places, and it is altogether in favor of San
Francisco.
But the resorts for wholesome pleasure
by no means cease at the Cliff House.
Golden Gate Park probably has ten times as
many visitors. The free concerts attract
many thousands and are listened to with
a perfectly subdued, orderly and intelli
gent appreciation. Drivers, riders, bicy
clists and pedestrians throng the many
miles of roads and waiks threading the
reservation and enjoy the wonderful
flowers, the zoological collections and the
aviary. The park is the essence of re
finement ond wholesome pleasure.
Everywhere about the City are pleasure
resorts. The military reservations, the
shooting ranges and picnic gardens at Har
bor View, the salt water swimming baths
in the heart of the City, the two admirably
conducted trotting parks, the numerouj
handsome theaters whose constant pros
perity has given San Francisco the reputa
tion of being a "great show town,' 1 the
cable and electric roads penetrating pic
turesque sections of the City, the numer
ous suburban iesidence and pleasure re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, BTTNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
sorts — all these have their crowds, and the
wonder is when the people find time for
conducting the serious affairs of life.
The interesting part of it all is that these
pleasures are all clean and helpful. In no
sense are they the expression of an idle
and frivolous disposition or an inclination
to indulge in demoralizing dissipations.
Nor can they be explained on the sole
ground that a pleasant climate lurea the
people on occasion from their homes. The
most rational view of the matter is that
complex agenfiies produce a result so un
common in humdrum American life. In
the first place we have a large foreign
population gathered from all the corners
of the earth, bringing with them as an
example and inspiration the customs in
bred in their lives. Again, a people must
be measurably light-hearted in order to
enjoy healthy pleasure, and this it can
not be if it is bound close to the earth by
harsh necessities in the earning of a liveli
hood ; from this we may infer that our
people are prosperous. Further, the
climate is so invigorating and so perfectly
conserves instead of draining those vital
forces without which healthy existence is
impossible, that it seems necessary we
should expend ihe surplus energy in the
pursuit of rational pleasures. It is a happy
circumstance that climatic conditions
which create such a desire present perfect
conditions for its gratification.
It is not surprising that with so fortunate
a co-operation of agencies producing a
desire for pleasure there should come vast
expenditures of capital and enercy in the
creation of pleasure resorts. In this re
spect as in many others, San Francisco is
unique, enjoying on that account a dis
tinction which is becoming a special fame,
and which under a judicious direction of
public spirit can be made one of the surest
foundations upon which to rest the coming
greatness of the City.
UNFAIR SUBSTITUTION.
Considerable complaint is being made at
the present time that with the growth in
public favor of an article of more than
usual merit has come a practice which, if
not actually dishonest, is certainly dis
honorable and unfair.
We rofer to the practice of substituting
— not the outright act of replacing the
original article by an inferior or cheaper
product under the cover or wrapper or in
the bottle of the more esteemed com
modity, but to a substitution not less
culpable, when the matter is fairly viewed.
In expending time, intelligence and
money in bringing his poods into demand
and giving them a prestige, the concocter
of a patent medicine, the man who pro
duces a certain brand of flour or the man
who puts on the market a soap of peculiar
qualities is not furthering his own interests
alone by achieving distinction lor this
product, but is directly benefiting every
person who handles his goods, by having
created a ready market tor them. A great
injustice i«, therefore, imposed on the
originator and manufacturer of such goods
when the retail merchant induces a cus
tomer to purchase something "just as
good" as the article which, by reason of
the prestige it has gained by virtue of its
actual merit, the customer has a<ked for.
The manufacturer of the remedy, flour
or soap called for is just as much entitle i
to all the benefits of the market he has
created by his energy and ability as he is
to the money for which he sells his goods,
and the retailer who inducss a customer
to purchase something else than the stan
dard article requestci is clearly depriving :
the manufacturer of justly due profit fiom
the sale. The storekeeper is also in nine
cases out of ten foisting upnn the pur
chaser something inferior in order that he
may make a few cents additional profit.
Both dealer and purchaser owe it to the
manufacturer to see that the latter is
treated fairly, and the purchaser also owes
it to himself that this is done. The dealer
should strictly eschew the practice of sub
stituting described, and the consumer
should invariably insist on having what
he originally intended to buy.
DANGEROUS GROUND.
Psychical research has become very
much of a fashionable cult since London
and Boston formed societies for the str.dy
of the philosophy of psychology, which is
all well enough no doubt as to object and
purpose, but the way some amateurs play
with occult forces is enough to make one
shudder. Investigators should know that
psychic phenomena are as dangerous as
they are fascinating, and that one should
not blindly try to fathom their secrets any
more than he would plunge alone and un
armed into the depths of a forest where
wild beasts and poisonous snakes make
their home.
It is no secret that the psychic realm
begins in the borderland between spirit
and matter; where these two great mani
festations of cause overlap and mingle,
and that the line which actually separates
them is ob.'cure and uncertain. Upon this
side lie things which we sen^eand analyze
by touch, taste, sight, smell and hearing.
Upon the other side lies the boundless
world of spirit entities — a world in whose
astral light and darkness are occult forces
mighty for good and evil, and with which
we can have to do only upon a plan of ex
istence wi ere our five physical senses are
entirely foreign and of no more avail than
if they were not at all.
It is a fact that the product of the em
ployment of occult forces in conjunction
with the soul of man, wlien his soul is en
vironed by a physical body, is either white
or black magic, and that the influence
they exert upon the soul as well as upon
the body f»r weal or for woe is almost be
yond estimate. These forces work alto
gether in currents that are in harmony
with their own purpose. They are cur
rents of love, of hatred or of indifference,
and the agencies they employ are thought
transference, clairvoyance, mesmerism,
hypnotism and mental agitation.
The difference between white and black
magic is in consequence only ; and since con
sequence may not follow until after a long
time has elapsed, the importance of know
ing which current of this mighty force is
being stirred is apparent. There ia a vast
deal more danger to the soul in penetrat
ing the astral world withort a c! art of its
paths than there would be to the physical
body in wandering through the slums of
San Francisco at midnight with no pro
tection. The hypnotic power of a spirit
out of the body is infinitely greater than
that of one in the body; besides, there is
the added advantage of being ur.sten,
which the disembodied spirit possesses.
When au unseen intelligence gets con
trol of a person the subject is said to be
in a "trance." When the same result is
secured by one in the body we say the sub
ject is hypnotized, but the process is pre
cisely the same, as is also the mental con
dition of the subject. Thought transfer
ence between two minds in physical bodies
is by exactly the same law of mental ac
tion that would enable two disembodied
spirits to converse one with the other, or
permit an embodied spirit and one freed
from physical environment to hold con
versation. It follows, therefore, that the
individual who fully surrenders his mind
to occult forces and influences, whether
they emanate wholly from the astral world,
wholly from the physical world or from
au intermingling of the two, is the servant
of those forces, and that his conduct and
thoughts while under such control will be
in harmony with the purpose, the wish,
the will and the desire of those forces,
whether they be for good or evil. Herein
lies the danger, in part at least, of the
"seance," '-sitting for development," "ex
perimenting for fun" and kindred spiritual
phenomena that are obtained haphazard.
The true philosophy of psychology is,
however, a healthy study and highly in
structive phenomena may be had in con
nection with it, but not with entire safety
except upon cold and exacting lines of in
vestigation where the rules of analysis are
severely correct and where the student is
more or less skeptical. Unless phenomena
can withstand the severest tests a danger
ous mistake is made in accepting them as
of good report. But when a psychical
phenomenon is run down to as near its last
analysis as possible the acquaintance one
then has with it deprives it of practically
all danger.
The young student of occult science
should not be long in discovering that his
imagination goes flying around three men
tal centers, viz.: the inventive, the ideal
istic and the sympathetic, all of which are
dangerous ground unless he allows the
full play of his better judgment, when he
will be strong and comparatively sure of
his footing. Then he may cut loose from
his moorings and go deep into the cause
and effect of psychical mysteries. Perhaps
the greatest danger that confronts the stu
dent is in inclination to spend too many
continuous hours in exploration, because
unless he withdraws from the field before
he is entirely overcome by the fascination
of "things revealed " he is almost certain
to degenerate in physical strength, in
moral tone and in mental discernment.
The trouble with many students of occult
phenomena is that they persist in trying
to accomplish in a few months or a year
as much as they should hope to secure in
a quarter of a century of cautious and
painstaking investigation. And, again,
the student makes a grave if not a fatal
mistake if he thinks the physical man can
not be torn and wrenched while his mind
is reaching out into (to him) the unknown.
PERSONAL.
Charles Cosgrove, a mining man of Angels,
is in town.
C. Jackson, a business man of Santa Ana, is at
the Grand.
Commander W. T. Skerrett of Mare Island is
at the Lick.
Deputy Sheriff J. F. Erbanks oi San Luis
Obispo is in the City.
F. P. McCiosky, a merchant of Guatemala, Is
at the Cosmopolitan.
W. J. Mitchell, a business man of Merced, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
Xat Wilson and wife of Colorado Springs are
at the Cosmopolitan.
i\ Garner and H. B. Eldrid^e of New York
City are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. E. A. Lewis of Brooklyn, N. V. ,
arrived here yesterdey.
George Mamhart, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Grand.
Alfredo Dumoro, a business man of Guate
mala, is at the Occidental.
Alf E. Edgcumber and wife of Vallejo are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
William H. Devlin, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is here for a few days.
L. D. Bell, a business man of Spokane, Wash.,
is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Alfred Meyer, a business man of Bordeaux,
France, arrived here last night and is at the
I'alace.
George D. Allman of Cazadero. the widely
known stage-line owner ot the Pacific Coast, is
in the City.
Dr. J. D. Espinosa of Guatemala arrived here
yesterday, accompanied by his family and
several friends.
Thirty-two Raymond <& Whitcomb excursion
ists from various parts of the East arrived here
yesterday. They are all at the Palace.
11. D. Nichols of New York, one of the artists
for the Harper publications, is at the Lick. He
is accompanied by G. K. Felix of New York.
C. W. Pendleton, assistant manager of the
Santa Fe Railroad, Los Angeles, and brother of
Attorney Pemileton, member of the last Legis
lature, is in the City.
Mrs. M. Judge and daughter, Miss Frances
Judge, of Sait Lake City are among the guests
at the Baldwin. The ladies will leave on
Wednesday for San Diego.
James 11. Wilkins, editor and owner of the
San Rafael Tocsin, one of the State Prison
Commissioners appointed by Governor Budd,
was in the City yesterday.
William Beckman of Sacramento, ex-State
Railroad Commissioner and for gome years past
director in the People's Bank at the capital
city, is here for a few days' stay.
Francisco Ojela, who some time since
shipped a lot of horses to Guatemala, has re
turned here via Mexico, where he obtained
several concessions for the forthcoming ex
position.
Colonel Lucas of San Jose de Guatemala,
president of the Guatemala Central Railroad,
is at the California, accompanied by his wife.
He is here on business relative to trans
portation.
Mrs. Lopez of Guatemala, her four children;
Miss Lopez, her sister-in-law; Miss de la Pena
and Alexander de Mores. Mrs. Lopez's brother,
arrived here on the Acapulco yesterday. Tney
are here for pleasure.
Harvey W. Scott, editor of the able paper,
the Portland Oreponian. and K. G. Cooper of
the Denver Republican, another notea news
paper property of the West, are in the City.
They are in attendance at the meeting of the
advisory board of the Western Division of the
Associated Press.
James D. Hoge Jr., one of tho owners of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer, is at the California.
He has come here to attend the meeting of the
advisory board ot the Western Division of the
Associated Press. The Post-Intelligencer is the
most valuable newspaper property in Washing
ton. Mr. Hoge says business is improving
there. The salmon fisheries are doing more
than usual and considerable attention is being
given to miuinc, as well as lumbering.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 11.— Among the re
cent arrivals are: Devonshire, Mrs. Burbank;
Belvedere. 0. Gundlach; Warwick, J. W. Mc-
Cauley; Plaza, Mr. and Mrs. W. Haas.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"My family," said Migs Antique, "came over
with the Pilgrims on the Mayflower."
"Did they really," exclaimed Hicks. "How
very interesting! And were you seasick?"—
Harper's Bazar.
"Who," asked the professoress, "was
Medusa?"
"Medusa." said the young woman who was
feeling about the under side of the bench for
her gum, "Medusa was the lady who gave
every one who looked at her an attack of the
marble heart."— lndianapolis Journal.
"That poem of yours," remarked the flippant
person, "reminds me of 'Spenser's Faery
Queen.' "
But," said the aspiring writer, "you told me
yesterday that you had never read the 'Faery
Queen.' "
"Yes. That's why your poem reminds me of
it."— Washington Star.
Rollingatone Nomosa— l had a nawful dream
las' night.
Tatteredon Torn— Workin'.
Kollingstone Nomoss — Yes; I fought I was
turned into a cake o' yeast.— Philadelphia
Record.
In the spring the fair girl's fancy
Lightly turns to biking suits,
And bedecked in cunning bloomers,
On her wheel she gaily scoots.
—Town Topics.
"Did your new play have a long run ?" asked
the manager's friend.
"No," he replied, as a far-away, anxious look
crept into nis eyes, "the play didn't have a
long run, but the company did."— Washington
Star.
OBSERVATIONS AND REFLECTIONS.
What havoc historical research is
making of our childhood's idols ! The dis
covery that there is not any "truly" Santa
Claus is only the beginning of an image
breaking that strews the pathways of life
with incessant wreckage. "William Tell
and the apple, Pocahontas and the saving
of Captain John Smith have been laid
away in their oblivious graves, to the deso
lation of millions of hearts; but child
hood's latest and most poignant grief is
because of Mr. William M. Sloane's fatal
demolition of Empress Josephine. To
think that this lovely woman, deserted
and left all forlorn while yet beautiful, and
whose sweet mission it was to soften the
rigors of the marble-hearted man of des
tiny, was no better tnan she ought to have
been! In fact, not nearly bo good. It is
crushing. What a paragon of virtue, love
liness and constancy the old historians
pictured her. That she was beautiful and
intellectually bright is still true, but, alas!
she was as bad as beautiful and altogether
unworthy the admiration of any child.
Those little, red-covered biographies of
the great and good ! "What child has not
reveled in them and blessed the name of
Abbott as he read? And yet all the he
roes of all the Abbotts were heroic with
the same dead level of mugwunipish im
partiality, and made equally worthy of
youthml emulation, though at the cost of
entire disregard of historic verity. It were
better so. Children can safely be initiated
into a knowledge of the good and the
beautiful, but not the true. Only those
can bear that who have come to the years
of discretion, have suffered ihe smashing
of their idols and have survived. The Ab
botts, in falsifying history for childhood's
sake, did nobiy, and it is encouraging to
know that they made a great deal of
money by their righteous sinning. If
t-ood did not so often result from evil,
would there be so very much good in the
world?
My boy— for I like to talk to the boys
once in a while— read every scrap of relia
ble history or anecdote about Lincoln that
conies in your Avay. Once interested in
the story of his life you will never weary
of it. He was not a demi-god like Ulysses
or Hector, Achilles or Agamemnon, but he
was better than these, for he was a flesh
and blcod American, the perfected product
of the best that is in American n.anhood.
Homely, wise, kind, patient, brave, not
too good for a frolic, he was of all men just
the man to be a boy's hero. It seems al
most that God, in his providence, had kept
the Lincoln family imDoverished of manly
qualities for more than a hundred years in
order to save up those elements of great
ness which belonged by right to three suc
cessive generations and make them avail
able at a time of supreme national need.
Read all you can about Lincoln, for if you
do there will come to be within that Par
thenon of ideals which every man carries
in his heart a rugged model of American
manliness, a living image and daily helper
in your work of character building which
will tend to make you an Abraham Lin
coln kind of a man.
Speaking of broken images reminds me
of another hoax — the slepping beauty.
Beauty is beauty no longer when she
sleeps. Artists have painted and sculptors
have carved sleeping beauties that were
beautiful, but they were not sleeping, but
only posing. In sleep the chin drops, the
eyelids thut like cellar-doors and all licht
and life goes out of the face, leaving it as
if cast in the ugly mold of death. Why,
the greatest beauty that ever was would
set the dogs to howling if th^y came upon
her while asleep. Only babies are pretty
when they sleep, and most babies are
pretty only when they sleep.
I have amused myself by making some
private statistical observations in relation
to the attendance of men and women at
houses of worship and places of recreation,
and I find at houses of worship the ratio of
attendance of women to men is about five
to one; and that at places of amusement
of the better sort the ratio of men to
women is about one and a half to one, the
half of a man having the best seat for pur
poses of observation and applauding most
immoderately whenever remarkable agility
is manifested on the stage.
Humanity is easily amused and the
simplest things are the most amusing. The
best impersonations are sometimes but
tamely applauded, while a whistler is ap
plauded again and again. I have seen a
good quartet retire behind the scenes with
out an encore, and ten minutos later a
human jumping-jack turn himself into a
daddy-longlegs and straddle off the stage
amid deafening applause. While the
Keenest witticisms are provoking smiles, a
man at the other end of the stage who pos
sesses no element of attractiveness except
a mouth like a catfish, and who does noth
ing at all but make faces, has his unnatural
contortions rewarded with roars of laugh
ter. This is true, as every theater-goer
knows, but it does not prove degeneracy
of the human race, anthropoidal ancesiry
or anything of that sort. It is just only
true and that is all there is of it.
There was a visitor in the City a little
while ago whose coming and going were
worthy of note, but were not noted. Bhe
is over 80 years old, reared sons to 'lie for
a country she had seen little of and daugh
ters to pick lint for thosa who had gone to
war; but they were ail dead — her husband
was dead — and now she is going about to say
good morning and good evening to a coun
try she has a thousand reasons for hold
ing dear. A stout young neighbor accom
panies her wherever she goes, and she has
been going most of the time for a year or
two— traveling by easy stages, spending a
week here and there and a month else
where, that she may rest up before con
tinuing on her patriotic pilgrimages. Last
winter she spent in Southern California,
the winter before in the South, the sum
mers where it is cool, and a few months
now and again in her Ohio home for addi
tional resting. She is a tireless observer,
net at all afraid of strangers or timid in
astdng about the things she wants to know
about, and she enjoys every new scene or
object of interest with all the zest of a
bride upon her weuding tour. "It has
been tke desire of ruy life," she said, "to
know my own country, and if theie i 3
time I mean to know it before I go to that
other country where my friends have
gone." While her loved ones lived there
was always some one to do for and her
longed-for sight-seeing had to wait — wait
until she was SO; but as "all things come
to those who wait," the opportunity to see
her country came at last to her.
Somehow when I read of the death of
the Booth-Tucker baby away in its Eng
lish home I was possessed of "mingled
feelings," as gentlemen say when they rise
to make acknowledgments. It was not
six weeks old when its mother lett it to
cross the Atlantic and assume command
of American forces embattled against sin.
It was ailing and died. Mrs. Booth-Tucker
must be a Spartan mother, or a very philo
sophical one, or so profoundly in earnest
io the Salvation cause as to be willing to
make all sacrifices for it; or else she must
be wanting in that quality of motherhood
which gave to the world its first glimmer
ing sense of the passion of love. I shall
bestow neither praise nor blame, but the
incident assures us that Mrs. Booth-
Tucker is quite a remarkable woman.
I once had for a friend a brave Scotch
man who hailed from some secluded
Drumfoehty and he so regaled me with
etories of his home and youth that I loved
Scotland for his sake as well as for the
sakes of Scott and Burns, and in remem
brance of him I have eaten some sort of
"porritch" ever since. He walked twelve
miJes from his work and home again to
fetch me a dozen oranses when I was con
valescing; but with all his kindliness and
general buoyancy of spirit he had occa
sional relapses into melancholy. In one
of these he concluded to Jeave the world,
and, what was worse, to take a much-loved
companion with him. He made a muss of
it blowing her brains over most every
thing else. His digestion had become im
paired.
If the reader will observe as he jogs
through life he will discover that no man
with a full stomach ever commits suicide,
and that no man who has a good appetite
and anything hk^ a reasonable certitude
of having that appetite gratiried departs
this life voluntarily. It is the man who
cannot eat with satisfaction or digest his
food with comfort who finds in the world
nothing but blackmailing schemes, dis
honesty, monopoly, disaster, destitution,
disease and death by his own insane de
vices. Those old fogies who thought the
spleen the seat of melancholy were mis
taken. It is the stomach. To live to eat
may be ignoble, but to so live that one
may eat is the sum of worldly wisdom.
Why will a man, otherwise sane, carry
a large amount of life insurance all his
ctays with the view of providing money for
his wife after he has gone and yet scarcely
give her a cent she can call her own all
the time he persists to live?
Arthur J. Pillsbuby.
INFORMATION WANTED.
Suppose, in the affairs of State,
In fierce discussion and debate.
When statesmen talk and rant and blow
And yank the tariff to and fro;
Suppose the whole 3hould flicker through,
What would the politicians do?
Suppose that "9ilver" was a myth,
The little folks to frijrhten with,
And "parity with sold" we use
To drive away attacks of blues—
Suppose that tales tire always true,
What would the politicians do?
Suppose, in latitude remote
When dusky voters went to vote,
Suppose they offered each, in state,
A ballot on a per.umed plate.
Su ppose they counted it as two,
What would the politicians do?
Suppose the men, who pensions draw,
Kefnsed to profit by the law;
Suppose they all were millionaires
With gilded oonds and railway shares
Aud houses on t. c avenue,
What would the politicians do?
Suppose, when platform-makers bent
Thtir nits to form a document.
They searched in vain for boding harm,
Id vain they "viewed" wi h vain "alarm";
Suppose that skies were ever blue,
What would the politicians do?
—Philadelphia Tlmea,
ABOUT THE CANDIDATES.
We have yet to hear it claimed that Senator
Cullom's face ever split rails. —Detroit Tribune.
It behooves Democrats to get together this
year. They won't get much else.— New York
Press.
William C. Whitney calmly denies that he
will either get married or nominated lor the
Presidency.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Carlisle says that he doesn't want It, bnt he
dares the Democratic National Convention to
thrust it upon him.— Cincinnati Commercial
Gazette.
We admit that Mr. Reed can ride a bicycle,
but Mr. McKinley can likewise learn if it be
comes really necessary for him to do so.—
Cleveland Leader.
The Democratic party is like Hamlet It Is
troubled by a third-term ghost, and the ques
tion of its insanity is still a subject of active
debate.— Cincinnati Tribune.
When the silver plate is sent aronnd at St.
Louis will McKinley's friends encourage the
collection so far as to drop cempaign buttons
on it?— Philadelphia Times.
A difference between a Presidential and a
baseball boom is that where the former re
quires help, In the latter the principals strike
out for themselves.— Philadelphia Times.
Ex-President Harrison evidently looks for
ward with a Rood deal of satisfaction to sitting
in the grand stand And looking on while some
of the other men do the running for bases.—
Washington Star.
Congressman Grosvenor of Ohio says the
action of the New Hampshire Republican con
vention "was one of the 'flowers which bloom
over the garden wall' of party politics." Mr.
Grosvenor is suspected of being a McKinley
man.— lndianapolis Journal.
Beyond doubt Allison is a far stronger man
than McKinley; he is stronger than Reed,
against whom may be alleged that other super
stition, confirmed by experience, that the Re
publican party cannot elect a candidate taken
from the Eastern States.— Boston Post.
The report that Mrs. Cleveland wants her
husband to run again for President involves
the necessary inference tnut she must have
some serious private grudge against him, not
withstanding the general impression that they
dwell together pleasantly.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat.
"Getting the glad hand" is the latest phrase
for being jollied. The McKinley boom is get
ting this sort oi hand from various expectant
ministers plenipotentiary, but what it needs
most is the fai and willing hand.—Philadel
phia Record.
Allison is stronger with the people than any
other man who can be nominated by any
party. That is the strength that wilt finally
prevail in the St. Louis convention and in the
November ballot-boxes by the greatest ma
jority that has ever been cast for a President
of the United States.— lowa Register.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
In seven months General Booth has travelog
38,000 miles.
Mr. Gladstone thinks that a man who does
nothing, or has nothing lo do, is an object of
pity.
Rudyard Kipling has written to friends in
England that he is growing tired of Vermont
and contemplates a return to his native land
Lord Salisbury is 66 years of age. He soent
fifteen years in the House of Commons and
has been twenty-four years in the House of
Lords.
Paul a u Challlu, the African explorer, spends
most of his time in New York at present He
is no longer a young man, but retains the
vitality of youth. iae
Dr. Alexander, the new Primate of All Ire
land, is over seventy, and of late he has lost
something of the fire of his eloquence; but he
is, with the possible exception of Dr. Salmond
by far the greatest preacher in the Irish
church. -liia-u
Professor J. W. Hoffman, the well-known
negro ■cientinc agriculturist of the Tuakegee
(Ala.) Institute, has been elected a member of
the Massachusetts Horticultural Society in
recognition ol the work he is doing for the
; If you want a sure relief for •vuas in the back, side, chest or
lunbs, use an ' ' v
AUcock's ££
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of coimWrfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. ;"-Vi. -
race along scientific lines, and for originating
a new variety of strawberry a few years ago,
now cultivated from New Jersey to Florida ana
along the Pacific Coast.
George H. Bough ton, who has been made a
British Academician, is an artist who has
earned tlie honor by long and able work. He
had exhibited pictures at the academy lor
thirty consecutive years. Mr. Bou»hton is ex
tremely popular in London society, and his
election was widely commended. He has sev
eral new pictures ready for the academy.
General Sir Horatio Kitchener, Sirdar of the
Egyptian nrrny, is Irish by birth, having been
born at Crotto House, near Tralee, County
Kerry. He first went to the East to survey Pal
estine. Then he was employed by Lord Salis
bury on topographical work in Cyprus. After
that he found himself in Egypt, and went up
the Nile several months in advance of General
Wolseley's expedition of 1884.
A WAIST FOR TWO FABRICS.
The lady's waist shown here is one of the
newest moaels. To be made of two fabrics the
skirt worn should be one of the fabrics. It is
cut with a fitted lining, over which the ma
terial is placed. Over this again is the plas
tron piece, both back and front, of a contrast
ing color or a different fabric.
An imported gown after this model was of
brown cloth. The sleeves and underwaist w*r«
of green silk with stripes of brown and dull
blue, forming a plaid. The cloth was used ;in
tiie wnist only for the plastron portion.
A handsome crepon of blue and green mix
ture had the sleeves and pJastrons of a crepon
to match the skirt. The uriderwalst was of a
faucy silk in the same blue and green shades.
One of the season's fads is combining two
fabrics in waists, and even in skirts. Most
brilliant combinations result, and almost any
color scheme is allowable.
E. H. Black, palmer, 120 Eddy street ■
FreciAL information daily to manufacture: 1.
business houses and public men by tba Prm
Clipping Bureau 'Allen's), 510 Montgomsry. '
Strangers, call and see our display of "Call
forniaGlace lruiLs,"so cents pound, in Jap
anese baskets. Townsend's, (527 Market street.*
■ Lady (applying the test)— Ach, what a pity!
The handsomest gentleman in the company
has got a splash on his waistcoat.
All the gentlemen present look down in con
sternation at their vests.— Westfalisches Volk
esblatt.
Thk chief reason for the marvelous success of
Hood's Sarsaparilla is found in the medicine itself.
It is merit that wins. It stands to-day unequaled
for purifying the blood.
Northern- Pacific Weekly Overusb Ex
crnsioNS leave San Francisco and Sacramento
every Tuesday evening. Take the Northern Pa
cific to all points Ka3t. Lowest rates to Minne
sota and Dakota points. Upholstered tourist-cars,
Pullman palace and dining cars on all trains. Two
fast through trains daily; time to Chicago short
ened six hours. For tickets and Information call
on T. K. Stateler, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
The bast regulator of the digestive organs and
the best appetizer known Is Dr. Siegert's Angos
tura Bitters. Try It.
Iy afflicted with sore eyes nse Dr. Isaac Thomps
on's Eye Water. In-uggistssell it at 25 cents.
NEW TO-DAT.
Ine^saving "
PRICES!
Money-Saving Dishes.
5c MONEY SAVERS.
Water Goblets, Garden Trowels. Porcelain
Cream Pitchers, Porcelain Custard
Cups, Porcelain Oatmeal Bowls, Pickle
Dishes, Oval Sauc* Dish, Decorated
Plates, Bread Pans, Yell Bowls, 5c
each or (5 for 25c.
lOC MONEY SAVERS.
Butter Dish, Sugar Bowls, Meat Dishes,
Berry Dishes. Bake Pans, Decorated
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dishes, Fry
Pans, Fancy Spoon Trays, Bowls,
10c each, or 3 for 25c.
ISO MONEY SAVERS.
Decorated Salad Dish, Decorated Oyster
Bowls, Yellow Mixing Bowls, Decor-
ated China Mugs, Oil Bottles, Bread
Knives, Celery Trays, Nickel Trays
(13-inch). Fancy Casseroles, 15c each,
or 2 for 25c. Two Bouquet Holders, 15c.
DINNER SETS.
Money-Saving Prises, Per ..,
60 pcs White Crockery i $3 65
60 pcs Semi- Porcelain, white 4 25
60 pcs Azalea Light Brown Decora-
tions 485
60 pcs Harvest Pencil Decorations.... 5 00
60 pcs Gold Spray Decorations 5 85
60 pcB Gold Illuminated Decoration... 650
Above sets are all newest shapes and
decorations, complete for six persons.
Great American Importini Tea
1344 Market St.. S. F.
ta^^' '"S— j 965 Market St., S. P.
@L^W^ 1 40 Sixth St.. S. F.
|fl|K7 017 Kearny St., S. P.
■ar^""*"' 14t9 Polk St., 5. F.
521 Montgomery ive., S. P.
U nM ru 333 Hayes St., S. F.
MONEY- 146 Ninth «t., S.F.
IHUIIbI 2I Thlrd St., 5. F.
A iiiiiia 200S Fillmore st., 5. P.
SAVINII 2510 Mission St.. 5. F.
vnw ItlU 3006 sixteenth st., 5. P.
AY#ini»A 104 second St.. 5. F.
STIIRES " 325 ° Mission St., S. F.
yIUIILUI 52 Market St., S. F.
= — — 917 Broadway, Oakland.
fi^LdSßfiK 1053 Washington st.Oak'd.
KaRSR7 131 San P^blo aye.. Oakl'd.
m^ M 6 L-. Twelfth St., Oakland.
1355 Park St., Alamedo.
mPORTINO FOR AND OPERATINd
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONBY.
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS
S BARING-GOULD'S new novel,
"The Broom-Squire," is a sad,
realistic story of peasant life in
O the southern part of England.
It holds Interest to the end, and
it is not one of the stories of which the out
come is readily predicted from a perusal
of a few opening chapters. Jonas Kink,
the Broom-Squire, is a bachelor who pos
sesses a small e.-tatc- in the broom region
between London and Portsmouth, and of
whom the only good word people ever
said was that he was thrifty. The heroine
of the story, afterward known as Mehita
bel. was a waif, found as an infant near the
body of her murdered lather by Joras
Kirk and Iver Virstage, son of "a village
iniKeeper. All that was known of the
was th;u her lather had carried her
to the inn, stating that the mother was
dead ana that tie was searching for a rel
ative to give the baby care. He had gold
in r.; 5 pockets, ana accepted the guidance
rue evil men on a journey to Ports
mouth, with the result that he was slain
for Ins money. Nobody wants the child,
of whom so JI t tie is known, and at last she
is taken by Iver's moti.er on condition
thet the county pay for her kee; ing. This
the county does for fourteen years. Iver,
the only cnild of his.aged i~arent«, runs
away irom home to study art, much
against the will oi his father," who, in con
enee, centered all his love in the girl
•:ibei, and declared his intention of
eathing his little property to her.
•.Tigered the wife, and she" immedi
seeks to cc: rid of the girl. She feais
t Ivor and Mehitabel may fall in love,
and to prevent such a thing she is deter
; to have the eirl out of the house
6 the son returns. About this
i. me ihe Broom-Squire asks MebiU
r>al to be his wife, savin? that Le had
ntrer dreamed of beinc captured by a
an, but- that he had fallen "out
with his sister, and to spite that sister he
cut on taking a wife. The jziri re
fvi>es him with scorn. Then Mrs. Yerstage
champions tne Broom-Squire's suit and
- Mehitabel to accept him. Iver, who
the uiri and who 34 love has been
■ cated, returns to find Mehitabel
married to Jonas. These two live in
misery from the beginning. Iver ca:ls to
Bee the wife and, with the Broom-Squire's
permission, to sketch her picture standing
at tne wei!. While there he once kissed
Mehitabel in spite of her resistance, and
this aciio:i was observed by a sister of
Jonas. The latter secures a job for his wife
inn to earn him money. Iver seeks
to make love to her there, and she flees
lromh:ra toThor's Stone, where she makes
the wish that Iver may be taken away.
Meantime the lirooru-Squire'a sister has
toiu him of the kissing. He is going out for
a hunt, when l.c runs across his wife
at Thor"s Stone, and hears her praying
itloud "Take him away." The Broom-
Sqr.ire thinks she means her husband. He
Bets Iver coming ar.a raises his gun, but a
struggle between man and wife ensues
with the result that the weapon is dis
charged and the Broom-Squire is the in-
I any. Iver escapes, and Jonas then
attacks his wife with a . ammerand throws
her into the marsh to die. She saves her
and returns home. Iver leaves tjie
y....;je. A baby is born to the wi;'e of the
Bro<j;n-Squire, Almost simultaneously the
Jatter'a fortune is swept away by a "bank
failure. Then he learns of a sum'of money
■ i the baby by the Yerstages, with
lv t r as trustee. He can only get posses
sion of that money providing the baby
dies, and be attempts to kill it. To save
her child, Meimabel flees with it from the
boii'-e. Nobody will harb<,r her. and her
hue-band overtakes her in a field on the
>f a limekiln. He springs toward her
-<-• the child and she lifts a stone and
strikes him. The Broom-Squire jumps
bark and falls into the limekiln. He dies
and Mehitabel is tried and acquitted of the
charge of murder. Strange to say Mehita
es not marry Iver. The latter turns
ack upon her when most she needs
friendship. Nobody will harbor her, and
her babe j*risncs at her breast from cold
and exposure. The picture is a sorry one.
Finally a kind-heated schoolteacher" takes
Mehitabel as an assistant and the latter
wins respect and love and contentment as
a teacher of little ones. Iver marries a
girl of means oricinally selected for him
motLer. [New York: Frederick A.
i Company. For sale by Doxey:
price $1 25.]
THE WRONG MAN.
In Dorothea Gerard's new book, just
issuci in the Town and Country Library,
iwn bow it is the fate of some men
never to be in the right place. "The
Wrong Man" opens with a duel between
.Ster<an Milnovies and Alfred Kadford,
both officers in the Austrian army.
Through misconception Milnovies re
sponds to a challenge from Radford.
ttepan is wounded in the encounter, and
he then discovers that Radford, far from
seeking the duel on the score that was
imagined, had demanded satisfaction
really on account of some slurring re
mark?, the use of whirh Milnovics now
hastened ,to deny. Radford traces them
to their source and rinds that Stejan had
been misrepresented by a revengeful
woman. The wounded man leaves" the
army. He falls in love anJ is on the
point of marryinp. At t lds juncture Rad
ford comes in and ieeks to help Stepan
in his suit by bestowal of praise, when the
girl falls in love with Radforri, and again
fate deals Miinovic? a blow. To his double
sorrow he was the wrong man in two
cases. But Radford is a noble fellow and
his actions win Btepan'a respect as well
as the love of Stepan's old girl. [New
York: D. Apfleton <fc Co. For sale by
Uoxey; price 50 cents.
THK SNOW". Of YKSTER YEAR.
This story, by Wilbertine Teters, is built
upon ideas that border on the th»o<?ophi
cal. It is a peculiar story and life goes
through it with the hue of death on liis
cheeks. The scene is at a Colorado health
resort, where a brilliant woman who had
once charmed the crowned heads of
Esrope with the magic of her voice is
flov.lv wasting away with consumption.
Her fame had been in her voice and her
voice had been all she cared for. When
that was taken away, she thought she
wanted to die, and yet the long r she
lived the more she clung to life. She had
n<-ver intended to marry ; yet she had mar
ried and her husband had taken her de
spite the apparent disadvantages of such
a union. 'Ihis woman, known as ''The
M I ...:ne,'' whobelieves that God is nature,
exercises a power over the iife of a beauti
ful and intellectual girl, "Norwista" — a
power that wrars away the girl's religious
belief- like the imperceptible washing of
constant waters against a not too firm bar
rier. Norwista is led to look at tilings
from the inadame's stand) oint. A love
story of a rather :-piritual kind runs through
the volume. The madame asserts that,
in comparison with her Ego, her body
is as nothing to h«»r, and the launches
forth this view of marriage: "A man and
a woman whose temperaments are in per
fect accord meet and love each other, but
because there happens to be some disease
back in one of the families they go differ
ent ways, perhaps to live lives "of terrible
di«cord with others. And for what? The
physical per.ection of fatare generations.
Thus did the decadence of the Greeks be
gin. We do not think of the mental liar
mony to be transmitted. Psychical con- !
ditions of more power than we realize, i
spiritual al'itndes attained only through
suffering and des^iir, unknown to the ,
healthy animal, do we barter for the ma- .
terial." Mr. Halcourt is a guest in the
same household with the madar.ie, and he j
is dying with consumption also. He is ;
young and single, and a man of talent and j
refinement, but he knows that his battle of !
life is nearly dor.c and that oblivion will !
shortly swallow him. He laughs away
all hope and is happy because there
is nothins to bind his love to life, j
Now, Norwista longs to love and be
loved— to have an ideal husband. She
is brought into ilalcourt's sphere, and i
they are attracted to each other >
from the moment their eyes meet. On !
the brink of the grave Halcourt yields, |
even against his own reason, to the lovo ,
that tor the first time rushes into his soul,
and Nbrwista's soul responds to his. At
this .supreme moment he breathes his last.
Then, in her loneliness, Norwista has no
belief to console her, and she is bewailing I
the emptiness of life, when the dying
madame confesses her errors and begs
Norwista to return and cling to her relig
ious ideals. [Boston, Ma-s.; Arena Pub
lishing Company. For sale by The Creigh
tons, 110 Turk street.]
THK HISTOKY OF THE DECLINE AND
FALL OF THK ROMAN EMPIISE.
A new edition of Gibbon's celebrated j
work has just been published in thiscoun
try by Messrs. Macmiilan & Co. of New
York. It is to be completed in seven
volumes, under the editorship of J. B.
Bury, M.A., professor of modern history
in the University of Dublin.
Under date of February 1, 1T76, Edward
Gibbon wrote diffidently of his labors:
"1 have ventured, perhaps too hastily, to
commit to the press a work which, in every
sense of the word, lieserves the epithet of
imperfect." And again: "I dare not pre
sume to give any assurances (regarding its
final completion).
"The execution of the extensive plan
which I have described would connect the
ancient and modern history of the world;
but it would require many years of health,
of leisure and or perseverance."
That Gibbon was spared to complete his
self-apportionedtask is a matter for which
ali students of history are deeply grateful.
Piofessor Bury, the editor of the present
edition, contributes alensthy introduction.
He comments on the fact that Gibbon is
equally well regarded both in the history
oi literature and as a great historian ; and
that Gibbon's work has not gone the way
of Hume and Robertson, "whom we laud
as 'classics' and leave on the cold shelves."
This, the editor opines, ''is due to the
singularly happy union of the historian
and the man of letters."
From careful observation Professor
Bury submits many illustrations of the al
most painful care and attention given by
Gibbon to styie. Particularly is this no
ticeable in parts of the first and second
editions. There are also cases where some
thing is added, in the second edition,
which, without changing tne general
sense, renders a statement fuller, more
picturesque or more vivid.
The editor of the present work ventures
the opinion that if Gibbon were alive and
writing at the present <iay his history
would be very different. This may or may
not be so, but it is certainly quite reason
able to suppose that if he were writing at
the present day t.is attitude toward the '
Christian church would be greeted with
nuich less of opposition than it encoun
tered at the bands of Dean Miiman. [New
York: Macmiilan it Co. For sale by Wil
liam Doxey; price $_\]
IN THE BME PIKE.
This, the latest work of that master
of fiction, Georee Ebers, is well worth read
ing. It is called a romance dealing witn
German civilization of the sixteenth cen
tury, ana the scene is laid in Nuremberg,
that quaint old town tr.at has furnished ]
picturesque material to Ouida, as well as '
to other English writers.
"The Blue Pike" is an old inn in the
German city, at which, in the opening
chapters of the book, sundry savants and
scholars are assembled. Among these is
one Licnhard Groland. This man be
friends a poor ropewalicer or acrobat dar
ing his tenure of a magisterial position. ]
The circumstances under which Groland i
acts the part of a friend to Kuni, the j
acrobat, are peculiar. She is in a crowd of !
people who are watching a wedding Dro- |
cession, and is impressed with the noble j
bearing of the bridegroom, Groland. She |
picks up a jeweled rosary dropped by one I
of the crowd, is arrested and brought be
fore the benedict of yesterday and his
colleagues.
Groland intercedes in her behalf, secures
her release, and obtains for her the posi
tion of domestic in the louse of a good
natured German woman. Disliking the
life she goes back to her former occupa
tion, that of a strolling p layer.
But Groland's kindness to her has won i
the heart of Kuni. His image is con- j
stantly before her— sometimes alone, some
times with that of his bride, whom she !
envies. For his wife she conceives a feel- !
ing akin to hatred, and some time after
ward the strolling troupe of which Kuni |
is a member is engaged to perform before
the Emperor Maximilian.
While preparing to go upon the tight!
•wire Kuni observes Groland in the audi- I
ence. She is immediately fired with an
ambition to perform feats deemed almost
impostibie of performance. She is greeted |
with the wildest applause from tiie vast
audience assembled below. Suddenly she
looks down and sees that her hero is not
regarding her with that attention she !
thinks is her cue. A feeling oi jealousy I
seizes her. She feels stimulated to per" i
form still more difficult feats, in the midst
of one of which she falls to the ground
maimed for life.
The story is cleverly and powerfnlly I
told. The love of tho poor acrobat, for her '
magisterial benefactor, hopeless as it is, is J
prettily described, and the romance will !
doubtless add fame to it? author and
credit to its translator, Mary J. Safford.
It is one of the best booss of "the season
[New York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale
by William Doxey; price 40 cents. J
GREENLAND ICEFIELDS.
"Greenland Icefields and Life in the
North Atlantic" is the title of a new
volume by G. Frederick Wright, D.D.,
LL.D., author of the "Ice Age in North j
America." and Warren Upharn, A.M., late
of the United States Geological Survey.
In the summer of 1804, Rev. Mr. Wright
made a trip to Greenland along with an
excursion party, on board the steamer
Miranda, and in connection with that
voyage arose the immediate imrmlse to
the preparation of this book. The Miranda
met a series of misfortunes, colliding with
a glacier at one time, and then running on
rocks and suffering damage that forced
crew and passengers to abandon heratsea.
Dr. Wright declares that the varied and '
exciting fortunes of the Miranda, while not <
sufficient to form the framework of the
volume, were still of no small value in i
giving vividness to one's conceptions i
of the unique condition of Greenland,
enabling one who shared them to enter t
with better understanding into the de
scriptions given by others, and to combine i
them "into a more satisfactory general
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12. 189 G.
view. The volume contains carefully pre
pared maps of Greenland, Labrador, the
r?gions about the north pole and the
glaciated areas in Europe and North
America, besides a large number of excel
lent illustrations, mostly from views taken
with a camera in the land of ice. The vol
ume contains not only a study of the
coasts, but of the animals and "plants of
Greenland ; the Esquimaux of the North
Atlantic; *»n account of explorations of in
land ice, and a discussion on the causes of
the ice age. Professor Joseph Le Conte and
Professor E. W. Hilgard of the University
of California are quoted among the promi
nent authorities in the work. The book is
thoroughly interesting, and is a valuable
contribution to the literature of science.
[New York: D. Appleton <fc Co., pub
lishers. For sale by Doxey; price $2.]
CALIFORNIA OF THE SOUTH.
The third edition of this work, rewritten
and printed from new plates, has just
been issued. It i 3 a complete guidebook
to Southern California, treating of its
physical geography, climato, mineral
springs, resources, routes of travel and
health resorts. The authors are Dr. Wal
ter Lindley and Dr. J. P. Widney, A.M.,
A MISSION GARDEN
[Reproduced from California by Ihe South.]
I
LL.D. The book is elegantly printed and
attractively bound, and contains maps and
numerous "illustrations. Eight years a^o
the first edition was published, and a sec
ond edition followed, without any change
' in the body of the wont, nine months
later. The "present edition is thoroughly
| revised, and all facts relating to the south
| em part oi the State are brought down tc
, the latest date. In a new preface Dr.
| Lindley refers to the Los Angeles real
. estate boom of 18S6-87, in this manner:
"We did not see it then, but we can see
I it clearly now, that the fall of 1887 marked
j the beginning of the end of that wild era
of speculation, which did much good as
well as evil in pushing forward Los Ange
les and the surrounding country within
three or four years to an extent which
they could not have otherwise reached in
three times that period.
"It was prophesied by many that after
the subsidence of the real estate excite
ment this section would relapse into a
moribund condition. It might have been
] so in any other section of the United
i States, but the marvelous resources of
j Southern California were sufficient not
j only to tide this section over the natural
j reaction from a period of crazy inflation
but to establish it on a path of "still more
remarkable and permanent progre3?."
The census of I*oo gave L,os Angeles a
population of 50,000. Dr. Lindley claims
{ 80,000 to-day. Among the improvements
J of that city noted ar« three systems of
electric street railroads, an ocean outfall
and internal sewer system, 100 miles of
| streets graded and paved, buildings to the
value of $20,000,000 erected and a good
commencement made in establishing a
manufacturing industry, to which the dis
\ covery of petroleum within the city limits
j has lent much assistance.
In the country the progress has been
no less remarkable. On every hand
orchards of citrus and deciduous trees
have been planted by thousands upon
thousands of acres. A beet - sugar
{ factory which utilizes the product of
| 5000 acres of land is in successful opera
tion. Boom-cities, which were laid out
merely on a real estate basis — such as Mon
rovia, Whittier, Fullerton and others
have grown to be flourishing, productive
centers of population. Towns which had
scarcely an existence when the rirst edi
tion of" the book was published— such as
Pasadena and Redlands — are now cities
with brick blocks, banks and other appur
tenances of modern business jife. Dr.
Lindley says that it is evident that the
progress of the past ten years in Southern
j California is but an index of that which is
in store for his section. In fact, he might,
with equal truth, have declared the same
thing of California without regard to sec
tion. The volume will be a fine advertise
ment for the southern counties. [New
York: D. Appleton <fc Co., publishers. For
sale by Doiey ; price $2.]
THJE VOICE AND (SPIRITUAL EDU
CATION,
This is the title of a little book by Hiram
Corson, LLD., professor of English litera
ture in Cornell University. The author de
clares that while it is the purpose of the
work to emphasize the importance of voice
culture in its relations to literary and gen
eral culture it is not its purpose, except
incidentally, to impart elocutionary in
struction. He lays special stress upon the
importance of spiritual education as the
end toward which all education should be
directed and as an indispensable condition
of interpretative reading. "Such educa
tion," saya Mr. Corson, "is demanded for
responding to and assimilating the in
forming life on any product of literary
genius; without it, mere vocal training in
volves little or nothing. By the spiritual
I mean man's essential, absolute being,
and I include in the term the emotional^
the susceptible or impressible, the sympa
thetic, the instinctive, the intuitive— in
short the whole domain of the non-intel
lectual, the non-discursive." The volume is
neatly bound. [New York: Macmiilan &
Co., publishers. For sale by William
Doxey; price 75 cents.]
L.AVKNGRO.
The new edition of George Barrow's
''Bible in Spain," published a short time
since, met with a demand that induced the
republication of Barrow's other important
! work, '-Lavengro: the Scholar, the Gypsy
j and the Priest." The latter volume was
i written when the author was in the prime
'of his mental vigor. It bears the charac
: teristics of all his works — "carelessly writ
ten, impatient, petulant, and in parts repel-
I lain, but instinct with character and mood
' and wayward fancy." "Lavengro" did not
meet the success forty years ago that it is
I expected to attain to-day— it pleased
I neither the religious nor tbe polite world,
i and yet it is said to have had many pas
sionate admirers. Barrow led a sort of
vagabond existence for years and his ex
; periences are strikingly told in the gypsy
narrative of "Lavengro." Augustine Bur
rell, M. P., has an interesting fntroduction
I to the work and it is illustrated most artis
| ticallv by E. J. Sullivan. [London and
i New York: Macmiilan & Co., publishers.
I For sale by A. M. Robertson; price $1 25.J
SIEGFRIED THK MYSTIC.
There is something weird and uncanny
about this book. Its author, Ida Worden
Wheeler, attempts to treat of socialism in
its relation to wealth, responsible and ir
responsible. The book, like many others
bearing the imprint of the Arena Publish
ing Company, deals with economics. The
liero, George Martin, is a gentleman who,
Kayakers Throwing Bird-. spears In th= Harbor of Sukkertoppcn.
[Reproduced from Greenland Icefields.]
even in babyhood, "showed germinal
symptoms of his life's dominating pas
sion," to the joy of his father and diasust
of his mother. When George becomes of
an ago to go to school he rebels, but is
quieted by the assurance that if he does
not devote himself to study he will very
iikely be cheated out of his property.
On arriving at years of discretion the
hero secures a position in a mercantile
concern, at the same time making the
acquaintance of the son of the principal.
This son, Herbert Lord by name, pos
sesses out-of-the-way socialistic ideas
touching the equal division of wealth and
kindred matter?. His theories are not
favorably accepted by his father, who,
after curbing him, dies of apoplexy. Then
appears on the scene Siegfried the Mystic,
who. it appears, is the personage who is
responsible for Herbert's views. Siegfried
is a fanatic with supernatural powers, and
his influence over young men is well pic
tured.
As a piece of writing Siegfried the Mys
tic may be favorably regarded. But it is
difficult to see what purposes are served by
works of this character. They are the pro
ductions of idealists, visionaries and
''dreamers of dreams," and advance ex
ploded notions ami theories impossible of
practical execution.
[Boston: The Arena Publishing Com
pany. Forsaieby The Cre:ghtons, TurK
street; price 50 cents.]
MISTRESS DOROTHY MARVIN.
This is another piece of historical fiction,
founded on incidents accompanying the
downfall of James Stuart and the triumph
of William 111 of England. J. C. Snaith
is the author and the story is supposed to
he related by its adventurous hero. "Sir
Edward Armstrong, Baronet of ConelamJ
Hall, in the County of Somerset." The
Monmonth rebellion and the rise of Wil
liam of Oranee have inspired the author's
effort in a Held of romance, wherein popu- ;
lar interest has been somewhat revived
during the past two years. Sedgmoor
held, where tne billhooks and scythas of :
Monmouth's men went down before the
swords of the Horse Guards, the Jeffreys
Assizes and numerous political intrigues,
figure in the work and a prominent part is
piayed by Politic Jack Churchill, tne first
Duke of Maryborough. [New York: D. |
Appleton & Co., Town and Country Li
brary. For sale by Doxey ; price 50 cents.]
READINGS FROM THE BIBLE.
This us?ful little book is published by a
committee who have acted in conjunction
with representatives of the Jewish, Cath
olic and Protestant bodies. It is designed
for use in schools and families, as an aid
to the proper understanding of the Bible.
The basis u^ed is that of the authorized
version or King James' edition of the Tes
tament. Among the features which make
it of value is the fact that the book is
somewhat graded in its arrangement, the
earlier selections being better adapted for
the lower grades of the grammar school. ;
[Chicago: Scott, Foreaman <fc Co.; price !
30 cents by mai.'.l
IN THE DAT OF ADVERSITY.
John Bloundelle-Burton is the author of '
a historical romance with the above title.
The latter part of the seventeenth century
is the time and France the country of the
ta!e, and the adventures of Georges St.
Georges form the attraction of the book.
He turns out to be the son of the Due de
Vannefl and an English mother. Religious
difference plays no small part in the novel, I
and the hero, a Protestant, is represented |
as narrowly escaping from being a victim \
for the sake of his estates to the greed and !
cuvetousness of "Romish" authorities, i
[New York: D. Appleton <fc Co.. Town!
and Country Library. For sale by Doxey; !
price 50 cents.]
NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW.
In the North American Review for April '
the first article is a lengthy one by David '
A. Wells, LL.D., treating of Great "Brit- i
am and the United States: Their True
Relation?." Professor Wells thus suc
cinctly sums up England's foreign policy:
Whenever her sovereignty has gone two >
blades of grnss have grown where one grew j
before. Her flag wherever it Las been ad
vanced has benefited the country over wnieh ■
it floats and has carried wiih it civilization,
the Christian religion, order, justice and pros
perity. England has always treated a con
quered race with justice, and what under her ;
rule is the law for the white man is the law !
for his black, red and yellow brother. • * •
England would never have told a neighboring
country desiring reciprocal trade relations, as
the United States told Mexico in 1866, "that
to speak of permanent desirable commercial '
relations" with her "is without hope of sue- !
cess or promise of substantial results."
Mayo W. Hazeltine reviews the present
situations of the Governments of the
United States and Spain in ''Possible i
Complications of the Cuban Question." '
It is believed, the writer thinks, that "a
review of the international situation will I
show that the drift of events is likely to i
force the Madrid Government to declare
war agninst this country, and that it will
strive to gain the active co-operation of
either France or Germany, hut that the
effort will fail through the interposition
of either Russia or Eneland, both of which ;
powers desire the goodwill of the United
States."
'"Pygmy Races of Men" are entertain
ingly treated by Professor Frederic* Starr
of the University of Chicago.
Beaton Munroe describes with force the
events whicli took place on that notable
April evening in 18(55 when Abraham Lin
co.n was assassinated.
The fourth installment of "The Future
Life and the Condition of Man Therein," ■
by the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, is
given in this numb rand deals with specu- '
lations on the future of the righteous and
unrighteous of mankind.
The perplexing problems which remain
to be solved in South Africa are discussed
by Knrl Blind.
T. A. Hickard, State Geologist of Colo
rado, contributes an interesting article on
"Gold-mining Activity in Colorado."
Tne approach of the National Republi
can Convention lends interest to a sympo
sium entitled "Governor Morton' as a
Presidential candidate." The contribu- i
tors to the discussion are ex-Senator T. C. ;
Platt, Chauncey H. Depew, ex-Senator i
Warner Miller, Edward Lauterbach. and
C. W. H.ickeu, chairman of the New York
State Republican Committee.
MAP OF EL DORADO COUNTY.
An excellent and valuable map of the
county of El Dorado has just been issued
by Punnett Brothers of this City. It was j
compiled by them from official records :
and surveys, and has received the official
approval of the El Dorado County Board
of Supervisors. One of the noteworthy
features of tije map is the division of the
county into supervisorial districts, and
furthermore, the map contains a useful
index of the 312 mining claims in that
county. The map was prepared at the in
stance of Shelley Inch, a business man of
Placerville, whose enterprise in the prem
ises is worthy of commendation.
THE STUDY OF HOMER.
William Cranston Lawton's "Art and
Humanity in Homer" is a group of essays
| intended to aid in stimulating readers to
I a wider course of Homeric study. The
j subjects of the essayist are: "The Iliad as
a Work of Art," "Womanhood in the
I Iliad," "Closing Scenes of the Iliad," "The
Homeric Under- World,'' "Plot of the
Odyssey," "Odysseus and Nausicaa," and
"Accretions to the Troy Myth, after
Homer." Acquaintance with the Iliad
and Odyssey are necessary to a thorough
appreciation of Mr. Lawton's work, al
though he has endeavored to make his
es ays. aa far as possible, complete and m
tellitrible in themselves. [New York:
Macmillan & Co., publishers. For sale by
William Doxey; price 7o cents.]
LITERARY NOTES.
The Levytype Company of Philadelphia
has just issued "Cuba and the Cubans,"
translated by Laura Guiteras from the
Spanish of Rairnundo Cabrera. It is
claimed by the publishers that this volume
renders accessible to English readers the
most authentic, comprehensive and thor
ough statement of the Cuban question that
has emanated from the press.
The April number of the American His
torical Review comprises among its lead
ing articles: "The Battle of Banker Hill,"
by Charles Francis Adams; "The Bohun
Wills," a group of wills illustrating the
r.fe of a great family of the thirteenth ond
fourteenth centuries, translated ana an
notated by Melville M. Bigelow; "Recent
Memoirs of the French Directory," by
Professor H. Morse Stephens; "Virginia
and the Quebec Bill," by Justin Winsor:
"The Case of Josiah Philips," by Professor
William P.Trent; " Light on the Under
ground Railroad," by Professor Wilbur II
Siebert, and "The First Six Weeks of Mc-
Clellan's Peninsular Campaign," by James
Ford Rhodes.
The sixth edition of "Fort Frayne," by
Captain Charles King, is nearly exhaust
ed, and another is under way. The story
was published by The Call as a serial a
year ago.
"How Women Love" is the rather pe
culiar title of a book about to be issued
from the pen of Max Nordau, by F. Ten
nyson Neely. In this volume the author i
attempts to present by romance his idea of
woman's love. Whefher that idea is a
historical or a psychological study is left
to the judgment of the reader.
Outing for April contains two articles
of special interest to the Pacific Coast—
"Yachting in San Francisco Bay" and
"The National Guard of Nevada.' 1 The
first is written Dy Arthur Inkers! ey, the
other by Lieutenant W. K. Hamilton, !
U. 8. A.
In the current number of the Monist '
appears a remarkably fine contribution,
"From Animal to Man," by Professor
Joseph Le Conte of the University of Cali
fornia. Professor Joseph Le Conte is one |
of the foremost scientists and thinkers of
America, and his work has all the marks
of high native talent and broad scientitic
culture. His article traces in a lucid man
mer the differences and common features ■
of animal and human intelligence.
There is some curiosity amonir English
publishers to know whether Dr. Jameson is I
likely to write a book on his experiences '
in South Africa. Overtures have already i
been made to him for such a work, but the
adventurous doctor will probably delay
book-writing until he gets done with hi's '
business of explaining some things to a :
British court.
Colonel Dalbiac, a member of the British
Parliament, has for some time been en- i
gaged in compiling the first volume of a ]
new dictionary of quotations. It will be '
issued in London by Messrs. Sonnen
schein, and in time will be succeeded by
two other volumes. The first volume is
devoted to English and American writers,
and includes the authorized edition of the
Scriptures. Latin and Greek writers will
occupy volume twoaud Continental writers
the final volume.
A novel by a Turkish lady is something
more or less new. Such a one is "The
Hadjira," which Edward Arnold has !
almost ready. The lady does not give her
name.
Molloy's new life of "Lady Blessing
ton quotes her saying of Tommy Moore, ;
"A mouth that utters such hnliiafit things !
should oniy be fed on dainty ones; and as
his skill in gastronomy nearly equals his
skill in poetry, a failure in the one art i
must be almost as trying to his temper as
the necessity of reading a failure in the
other; nay, it would be worse, for on?
may laugh at a bad poem, but who has
philosophy enough to laugh at a bad din
ner?"
The fourth volume of Mr. Roosevelt's
"Winning of the West" will be published
this month. The volume deal with the
Northwest ana Louisiana and brings the
narrative down to 1809. The voiumea are
sold separately, each being complete in
itself.
In a black letter Bible which a few years
a<:o was to be seen in Leeds Castle, near
Maiiistone, the peculiarity is to be found
in Genesis xxxix:ti, that "Joseph was a
jolye fellow," instead of "a goodly per
son," as stated in the authorized version.
The Easter number of Life is one of the
best ever issued. Tho cover is by John
son, in red and olive, and among the lead
ing black-and-white artists represented
are Gibson, Wenzell. Toaspern and Rich
ards. The text matter is especially good.
Sylvanus Stall, associate editor" of the
Lutheran Observer, Philadelphia, has in
press a new volume entitled "Talks to the
Kings Children." It is a continuation of
Uia successful little work, "Five-Minute
Object Sermons to Children."
The New Amsterdam Book Company
(New York) announces the near publica
tion of a new work by Ciive Holland, the
author of "My Japanese Wife," entitled
"The Lure of tame." The novel will have
a frontispiece and decorative title-page by
Geor,e Wharton Edwards.
Professor John Trow bridge of Harvard
University, who is faid to have been the
first in the United States to make a suc
cessful Rontgen photograph by the cathode
rays, gives a full description of principles
and methods in his* forthcoming book,
"What Is Electricity?" which will ba pub
lished by D. ApDleton & Co. This work
covers the entire ground of modern elec
tricity.
The rumor that Mr. Gladstone has fin
ished the volume of theological essays
which be promises is wrong. He haa made
considerable progress with the work, but
there is no likelihood that it will be ready
before September.
An English translation of Professor Har
nack's "Christianity and History" is just
ready. It has been made with the author's
sanction by T. Bailoy Saunders, who al3O
prefixes an introductory note.
Macmillan <fe Co. announce a volume of
mathematical papers, read at the Inter
national Mathematical Congress held in
connection with the World's Columbian
Exposition, Chicago, 1893, and edited by
the committee of the congress— E. Hasting
Moore, Oscar Bolza, Heiurich Maschke
and Henry S. White.
RETROSPECT.
Look bacK a moment— how they glowed.
That wonderful array oi poppies
Across the lieil»e, hard by thi- road.
A vision of vermilllon I!;ht!
Too suddenly shut out from sight,
By wayside wall and clustering coppice.
Waist high, wild roses held the trees
In tangled passion of embraces;
And by tne pathway, skirting seas
Of hf aving grass or arrowy wheat,
Iris and death-pale meadow sveet
Raised to your fairer face their faces.
I saw you tread that narrow track,
Midway between the grass, and noted
How straight the crowding spears stood back,
Green as those waves which at command
Rose like a wall on either hand
To let God's chosen pass dry-footed.
The year had climbed to mid July
A nd stayed a moment glad and glowing,
To flash aero s the exultant sky •
Her white and azure, gold and ros«
Alas— sadder hues she chose
To hide her desolate out going.
If I should search the o'.d year through,
Krom first to last, I should discover
Headaches and heartaches not a few;
And yet lh;it moment— flowers and trees,
Sunset and you ! Hicg»ve.-i« these,
And for their sake and yours— l love her.
—Pall Mall Gazette.
He "Packed" the Articles.
John Hogan, a young man living at 129
Welsh street, was booked at the City Prison
jesteraay by Policeman T. L. Ryan on the
cnarge of grand larceny. Hogan admitted
that he and a companion "packed" the articles
stolen from th* premises of George W. Km >\s-,
boat-builder, 718 Third street, on Saturday,
March 2S, and which wera lound in the bnsc
ment of Mrs. Henderson's house on Bernal
Heights last Wednesday. He denied, however,
having been implicated in tae burglary.
"To catch a weasel asleep" is indicative
of the extreme vigilance of these animal-,
who are disturbed and made wideawake
by any sound, however slight.
NEW TO-DAT.
Fft • J From U.S. Journal of 3Tedicin«
I_Z.1 _Z. 'J _ __ Prof. W. H. Feete, who
T makes a specialty of
|B I ' IL ," Epilepsy, has without
| ! ; \A. doubt treated and cur-
H I v, ed more cases than any
H I living Physician ; his
M E I fibk' M success is astonishing.
JB± VgF'^&r Ye have heard of oases
Cof 20 years' standing:
«f£j cured by
_ _ ■ _ _j? him. He
 ... large bot-
Ue of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
VVe advise &ny one wishinsr a cure to address
*rof .W. H. PEEKE, F. D., 4 Cedar St., Brew Yor* ,
■ • Inil'.ni'i -ll. iii i i mil hi iii ■ rj'
- KEY TO-DAY.
I
Doctors Testify to the Snecess
of His Improved Homceo-
pathic Remedies.
THEY CUREJEOIPTLY.
More People Cured by Mnnyon's Remedies
\ During the Past Week Than by the
Whole Medical Profession
in Six Months.
Popular With the Feople Because They
Furnish a Keiuedy for Every Dis-
ease, Cure Promptly and Perma-
nently and Are Only 23 Cents a
Bottle.
B. D. Brown, M.D., of Solomon, Kans..
| says: '"My kidneys were very sore and
| ached most of the time. The pain was se-
! vere when 1 stooped over, or lay on my
■ back, ana it was almost impossible to
i straighten up after sitting down. I had
; inncii trouble with my water and bladder.
In three days after beginning Munyon'a
Kidney Cure and Bladder Cure I was re-
i lieved, and since that time I have felt like
a ne»v man. I have been practicing medi-
cine for thirty years and have used all
kinds of drugs, but found none with such
■wonderful curative powers as those of
! Munyon's Remedies."
Dr. S. T. Weiricb, surgeon-in-charge,
; Keeley Institute, Minneapolis, says:
"Munyon's Rheumatism Cure cured mv
nephew of articuiar rheumatism in three
days, after he had been helpless in bed fur
six weeks."
Dr. Adam, 171 Broadway, New York
Cny: "One bottle of Munyon's Rheu-
! matism Cure was sufficient to cure my
wile of rheumatism, thoroughly and per-
manently."
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
[ days. Price, 25 cents.
Muoyon'a Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion ana stomach
trouble. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia
aud breaks up a cold in a few hours. Price,
25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops' cou?h? t
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or proms, and all
iorms of kidney disease. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
an<! builds up the system. "25 cents.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c — eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — price — cleanse and heal
tite parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
live days. Price, 50 cents each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of pile?. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Vitniizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggist*, 25c a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
) 152.50
I tsF TAKE
■^V THIS
y SHOE
For $2 50 and compare it with the
shoes that are sold elsewhere for
$3 50— it's identical. A very dainty
Russet boot in lace or button.
strictly up to date, needle toe and V-
shapeJ tip, just like above cut.
ASTONISHED
ARE THE LADIES.
How we can sell so cheaply. Simple enough.
We own this biis building— no enormons r*«l
to pay and you share lv the saving.
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Folu.ws* B"i din*.
- Country orders receive prompt attention.
GRATEFUL-COMFORTINOk
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
• "DT ▲ THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THB
JJ natural laws which govern the operationaoi
digestion and nutrition, and by tt careful applica-
tiocof the line properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Eppa has provided for our breakfast and suppet
a delicately flavored beverage, which may save at
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the Judicious
ue of such articles of diet that a constitution ma?
b« gradually built up until strong enough to reslil
•very tendency to disease. Huudreds of subtlo
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there Is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves nell forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sel4
only In half-pound tins, by Krocers, labeled thus:
JAMES JEPPS & CO., Ltd., Homoeopath!*
Chemists, LioatiOE, Eugland.
LI PO TAI sn\,
Chinese Tea and H«rb L_ j
Sanitorinm, ©-^Hb
No. 727 Washingon St., \•* M
San Francisco, Cal. \vr 9
Cor. Brenham Plac* abora *GW A
plaza. /Jht»^
Office Bonn: 9to 12, -»-^ ffo^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- "^W^*
Uay, 9 A. 31. to 12 M.
Li Fo Tai Jr.. son of the famous li Pj
Tai, has taken tils father's business,'
and Is, after eleven years* study la
China, fully prepared ' to locata anl
treat all diseases. _j
jV^a These tiny Capsules are superior]
I^l to Balsam of Copaiba, /^~^J
w\ CubebsorlnjectionsandfffilDlf I
I&J CUREir^MSHOURSS^J/^
K*&j the 6ame diseases without!
inconvenience, . I
SoLi i> v all druggist*. j
2122
J-. —B^^^ « -
THE word "New" has been so
much abused lately that one has
come to look upon it with distrust
and suspicion— the New woman
is always with us>, we have seen
the New problem play, and even the New
man is forging to the front, but the New
ector has for n long time been conspicuous
by his absence. We have had this season
quite a succession of pentlemen who have
reached the meridian of life, and whose
acting of the legitimate, if a little anti
quated in its methods, is not to be sniffed
at. But the end of the century acting —
the art that conceals a rt— we have not had.
Richard Mansfield is a new actor; he has
his traducers in common with everything
else new, but his devotion to art is ereat
and no doubt consoles him for being fre
quently misunderstood. As an instance
of this devotion, the New York papers have
stated that Mansfield has already mort
gaged the whole proceeds of his Pacific
Coast tour in order to spend i t on the lavish
production of a new play, t lie sum quoted
being $75,000. This is devotion with a ven
geance, for with most artists the pocket is
a tenderer point than the heart. You may
say that Mansfield is lacking in business
foresight, but people said the same of Sir
Henry Irving once. That idol of the Brit
ish public— before he was an idol— came
very near financial shipwreck while trying
to convince his audiences that he Knew
more about the stage than they did. Since
the time of Booth, Mansfield is the only
American actcr who has played on Henry
Irving's stage, the London Lyceum, and
in spite of a few carping critics has won
the respectful consideration of the British
press and public alike.
Distinguished foreigners ?ay that one of
the tirst questions asked them on landing
in this country is, "How do you like us?"
They romment on this as a peculiarity in
the American nation, but the question is
really a very natural one, considering that
many of the distinguished foreigners come
here notebook in hand, resolved, sooner or
later, to give tliH American people "apiece
of their minds." Distinguished opera sing
ers, fiddlers, pianists and actors are gener
ally enticed here in quest of the ereat
American dollar. They are too busy cap- ;
turing it to waste time on notebooks, but '
in their leisure moments even these dis- j
tinguiahed visitors have been showing a j
tendency lately to breuk into print, and I
give startling and gratuitous pieces of
their minds about America and its people
— to say, in fact, the sort of things that if
they were uttered in England, France,
Italy, or almost any other country, would
cause the inhabitants to send the utterers
thereof to Coventry for the rest of their
natural lives.
But the Americans, like charity, suffer
long and are Kind where foreign
Bingers, pianists and actors are con
cerned. On political grounds they
are ever ready to twist the British lion's
tail or tweak the King of Spain's nose, but
in the domain of art the foreign invaders
have discovered loiig ere this that, when
smitten, the Americans turn the other
cheek. There is Paderewski, for instance.
How we have loved him and worshiped
at his shrine. And this is what his friend
and mouthpiece, Htigo Goerlitz, remarks
frankly, for publication in a Cincinnati
newsp aper. as he is getting ready to shake
the dust of America off his feet and depart
for Europe with his pockets full of money :
"The whole press of America is rotten.
America is rotten to the core. We only
come here to make money, and we make
it. We don't care how much abuse we
get from America. We do not give a
for the American press. Mr. Paderew«ki
has never read a line in the newspaper?,
books or magazines published here."
"And is this the bend?" as Miss Sqneers
would have asked, tearfully. Is this the
hend of all our love and devotion? Have
our bouquets, our applause, aye, and our
tears, brought us nothing but this? It is
a plain case of love's labor lost.
We are now confronted by the prob
lem, How shall we be able to please Eie
nora Duse when she comes? Her ways are
us inscrutable as those of Hugo Goerlitz,
and in our blundering good-natured way
we may nauseate her with our flowers, or
applaud too lavishly, and so fail to pro
pitiate her. Chicago has offended Duse.
In some mysterious way it hurt her feel
ings, and she said she would not play in
its yard any more. After much persuasion
fhe consented to reconsider her decision.
And what has Chicago done? It has
made a record for itself by preferring in
dependence to art. Duse's box-orhce has
been left severely alone, and even in^Xew
York, where the public is used to the con
tumely of foreign artists, the Press dares
to say approvingly :
"While publicly reproving Chicago we
continue t r j admire it secretly. That is a
c;ty of spunk, independence and spirit.
When Duse arrived in this country she
declared her contempt for America in
general and Chicaco in particular. We
thought nothing of her uncivil greeting,
for this city is used to such things. Chi
cago lay low and said nothing. But when
Mr. Miner finally persuaded his star to re
consider her determination never to visit
Chicago ajrain our neighbors in the West
had an opportunity to give the actress tit
for tat."
Ueing a two weeks' stand cuts San Fran
cisco off from one of the joys of theater
going—we get none of those sterling silver
souvenirs which are being given away
with theater tickets in New York, almost
as freely as presents with pounds of tea.
Belis, inkstand?, pen-holders, every im
aginable device, "all in sterling silver, 1 '
are continually being donated to celebrate
the fiftieth and one hundredth representa
tions, so that if the New York play-goer
times his visits to the various theaters
carefully he can always add to his stock of
souvenirs. The women of the enlightened
West, though, would never have brooked
the leap year souvenirs which were given
away the other day with "A Black Sheep."
They were penknives, and only men re
ceived them. Not a lady — not even a new
woman— got one, unless her escort saw fit
to give her his.
Baldwin Theater.
Richard Mansfield is generally looked
upon, both at home and abroad, as the
representative American actor, and his
appearance at the Baldwin Theater to
morrow night will, no doubt, piove one of
the most interesting events of the present
theatrical season.
"Beau Brummell" will be the openine I
performance. Mansfield has appeared |
here before in the eccentric, pathetic role j
of the Beau, whose life is one long striving j
after "good form," out his characteriza- !
tion is one of such delicacy and finish that ;
it will bear seeine a second or even a third I
time.
This year Mansfield's associate? are com
posed of his New York Garrick Theater
Stock Company, the leading member be
ing Miss Beatrice Cameron. The company j
also includes Eleanor Carey, Jennie Ens- j
tace, Johnstone Bennett. Nora Lamison, !
Grace Gayior, Charlotte Walker, Harriette i
yon Ganahl, May Lavine, I). H. Harkins,
j E. D. Lyons. Orrin Johnson. A. a. An- j
| drews. W. X. Griflith, Louis Dutton and i
Herbert Passmore.
"Beau Brummell" will hold the boards j
for the first week of the engagement, j
! For the second week Mansfield will pre- '■
! sent on Monday and Tuesday nitrhts "The I
Story of Rodian the Student," Wednes- j
day, ' Thursday and Friday evenings and at
; the Saturday matinee "Prince Karl" and ;
: on Saturday night "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde."
California Theater.
"The Night Clerk 1 ' commences the sec
ond and last week of its engagement at
the California Theater to-morrow night.
Peter Dailey's interpretation of the title '
role drew large houses last week, and a
number of songs sung by various mem
bers of the company have become popula r ,
particularly Jennie Teaman's "The Girl
From Gay Paree. "
Koland Keen follows the Dailey Com
pany at the California. He and his com
pany will present for the first time in this
City the comedy by the late David D.
Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfeld entitled
"The Politician, or The Woman's Plank."
It is a political satire which gives Reed
and the members of his organization op
portunities to raise hearty laughter. Mr.
Reed's company includes Isadore Rush,
who will appear in her latest successful
role of the original twentieth century
woman: Miss Mamie White, Mrs. Mary
Myers, Will R. Bernard, Charles Wyngate,
Sheridan Tupper, John Bunny, Julian
Reed and James Douglass.
Columbia Theater.
Pudd'nbead, Roxy, Rowy, the twins
and the rest of Mark Twain's char
acters in "Pudd'nhead Wilson" will only
disport themselves on the Columbia
boards for one week more. The play has
been drawing large houses and will no
doubt continue to do so till the end of the
engagement.
The rattling farce-comedy, "A Pair of
KUls," will follow "Pudd'nhead Wilson"
at the Columbia Theater. Ezra Kendall
will play the leading role. His character
ization is familiar to theater-goers from
one end of the country to another, for "A
Pair of Kids" is in the tenth year of its
success. Miss Edith Kingsley, who comes
with Ezra Kendall, is known as a ballad
singer and a composer of popular songs.
She made quite a hit in Cincinnati and
Cleveland with her song "Down on the
Ohio."
Grand Opera-Houae.
Jules Verne's story, "Michael Strogoff, "
is the attraction announced for the com
ing week at the Grand. It is a play that
has frequently been presented in this City
before, bat the coming production is to be
made unusually spectacular, and the
strengthened company will no doubt add
considerably to the attractions of the per
formance.
The scene painters have been hard at
work for some weeks preparing for the
production, particularly for the scene at
the imperial palace, Moscow, and the des
ert pictures in Siberia. A number of su
pernumeraries have been engaged to sup
plement the house's company^ The leading
roles are to be played by Darrell Vinton
and Lisle Leigh.
Tivoll Op«ra-Houge.
The oriental spectacular burlesque "Blue
Beard" will be continued at the Tivoli
untit further notice. The cast includes
Ferris Ilartman as Ibrahim; Carrie Roma
as his scolding mite, Morgiana; W. 11.
West as their elder daughter, the famous
Sister Anne of the story; Fannie Liddiard
as Sflim and John J. Raffael as Blue
Beard. The other parts are played by Kate
Marchi, Thomas C. Leary, Anna Schnabel,
Fred Kavanagh, Ray Lynwood and
Hannah Davis" Features of the produc
tion are the ballets, led by Mile. Adele
Yercellessi and Sig. de Fii'lippi, and the
specialties of Irene Cook, Gilbert and
Goidie.
A second edition of "Blue Beard" is in
preparation, with new songs, dances and
ballets. Some of Chevalier"s coster son^s
will be substituted for the negro airs
After the run of "Blue Beard" a pr<>
duction of Dellinger's romantic opera
"Lorraine" will be heard for the first time
in this City, to be followed by an operatic
revival of Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin."
At the Orpheum.
The Hewetts, musical sketch artists,
and Lady Zctta, a mind reader, who is said
to perform several remarkable feats, are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
the new attractions promised at the
Orpheiim for the current week. The hold
overs are Jlosie Rendel, whose dancing has
been admired, ha Bella Carmen, who does
a graceful and clever tight-wire act, Elena
Leila, the "singing: don," Adonis Ames,
Segommer, the Nawne, Bruet and Riviere
and the Marvellcs.
On Sunday next the whole company will
po to Los Angeles to make room for the
Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty
Company, which comes all the way from
New York in its entirety without making
a stand on the way. The Trans-Oceanics
•will open at the Orpheum Monday, Aprii
20. The organization, it is said, has some
! of the best attractions that could be secured
in Europe and this country.
Grover'n Alcsirar.
The perennial "Cad the Tomboy" will
succeed "Ranch 10" at Grover's Alcazar on
Monday.
Leonard Grover will fill the part of
Thomas Ward, the gasman, with its
budget of drolleries and imitations of
popular actors. Clyde Hess, Gordon Fos
ter, Charles Edmonds, May Xobie,
Josephine Gassman, Fanny Young and
the rest of the company will rally to make
"Cad" a hit. At its last production it
played to the largest week's business at
popular prices which the Alcazar has
known.
There will be the usual matinees on
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
New Auditorium.
Signorina Kstreia Bellnfante, the blind
operatic contralto, and Anton Schott. the
Wagnerian tenor, assisted by Arthur Fick
enscher, pianist, will give their last con
cert at the New Auditorium this evening.
The following programme will be per
formed:
(a^ Nocturne Chopin
(b) Hungarian Dance Brahms
Arthur Fickenscuer.
Recitative and aria, -'Ah! Le tv dorml Steßll
ati," from "Konieo and Juliet" Vaceal
Kstrt'la Belinfante.
"Henry the Fowler" l roewe
••Archibald Douglas"; J-oewe
Anton .Schott.
"Spinning Song" ('-Flying Dutchman")
Wagner- Liszt
Arthur Flckenscher.
i "The Valley by the Hca" Stephen Adams
Kstreln Belinfante. - 
I "O, SiPh Mich Nicht soFreundlichan" Nlcolal
i "The Two Grenadiers" (by rpques!) Schumann
Anton Schott,.
Polonaise in E Liszt
Arthur Ficfcenscher.
; ■•II Libro Santo." violin obligato C. Plnsuti
Kstrela Belinfante.
'. Hearth scene.")
j Love scene ... -from "Walkure" Wagner
S-.vord scene ..)
Anton Schott.
Liszt's "Hungarian Fantasie" will be
played by Miss Carrie Bowes, with full
orchestral accompaniment, at the concert
which the young California pianist will
give at the Auditorium on the 16th inst.
Miss Bowes, although very young, has
already won a reputation in Germany.
j She was only 13 years of age when she left
] this City to study in Berlin, but she had
! already given evidences of marked talent.
! She has won flattering notices during
the last year from the German press and
has had the distinction of playing "by re
quest" before the reigning Duke of Alten
burg and other well-known people.
Tabernacle Choir.
The first concert of the famous Mormon
I Tabernacle Choir will take place next
| Wednesday evening in Metropolitan Tem
ple. The following programme will be
performed :
Mormon Temple dedication anthem—"Hosan
nah". K. Stephens
Full choir with accompaniment.
j Duet— "Consolation" K. Stephens
eWe Druce Pngsley and Hessie Dean Allison.
i Malt- chorus— "Breezes of the Night" La Motte
Harmony Club. H. S. Knslgn director.
Sco^hbanads-f^^^i-^'^^fton
(ii'or^e l\ Py and R. C. Kaston
Ladies' cborns— "Mother's Lullaby" K. Stephens
Cecelia and Bel Canto Vluhs.
Violin solo— "Airs ilongrois" Frnst
Uillard K. Weihe.
Prison scene. "II Trovatore"...; Verdi
Nellie Druce Pugsley, Ueorge P. Pyper. X, C.
Kaston.
Recitation— "A nx Italiens" Meredith
Maud May Babcock, obligato by \V. E. Weihe.
Quartet— "Kigoletto" Verdi
Lizzie Thomas Kdwaril. llessie Dean Allison,
R. C. Easton and U.S. Ensign.
Favorite Mormon livnin -"O My Father"
K. ('. Ea:Uon and choir.
Solo— "Angels Ever Bright and Fair" Handel
Master Charles Pike (boy alto).
Chorus— "H allelujah" (Messiah).. Handel
Choir.
Can* TeHtiinonial.
There is considerable interest In a testi
monial concert, which will be tendered to
Mrs. Carmichael Carr, prior to lier de
parture for England. This lady has worked
hard in the interests of good music in San
Francisco for years, and her many friends
are enthusiastic about the concert, which
will take place in Golden Gate Hall, on the
evening of the 30th inst.
MOUJESKA IS HOPEFIiL.
She Still Hopes to Return to the
Stage.
Apropos of the report that Mme. Mod
jeska has been struck by paralysis, the
New York Herald .says :
"Though nearly twenty years have
elapsed since Mine. Modjeskaiirst appeared
here many of us remember that event aa
if it had happened yesterday. It was of a
Saturday night in December. On the
afternoon of the same day and at the same
play house— the Fifth-avenue Theater-
Mary Anderson terminated her first New
York engagement in 'The Lady of Lyons. 1
Our own Mary was a thing of beauty even
in those early days, but not a joy forever.
She lovc-d to make the welkin ring, and
she used to stumble over her train like
Boulotite in 'Barbe Bleue.' Pauline, in
spite of much rhodomontade, can and
should be played quite naturally. Miss
Anderson brought to the part a beautiful
majestic personality, and ail the tiicksand
artifices of the old tragedy queens. The
people liked this manner.
"When in the evening, then, a strange
woman, without any great reputation out
side of her own country, came before us,
and with the utmost simplicity enacted
what has always been considered a traeic
role, neither the public nor the critics
knew what to make of it. Was she a great
actress, this distinguished looking foreign
er, who had eyes that were dark as night
and soft as violets, a Chopinesque voice
and a gait that made you think of Byron's
lines, 'She Walks in Beauty 1 ?
i "Too weak, thought the experts, after
the Lafontaine fable, and Ihe midnight
encounter with the Princess de Bouillon—
for the piay was 'Adrienne Lecouvreur.'
Too weak, eh? During the whole last act
the spectators held their breath, so strong
was the nervous tension. And from that
night on the Polish artist's reputation was
firmly established here, as in her native
Poland. The women marveled at her
grace, the men at her intellectuality. She
was the h'rst naturalistic actress that had
come to us from abroad. As Camille a
fortnight later she became the rage. The
ladies raved over her while 'trying on'
at the dressmaker's; the men over their
brandy and soda at the clubs. But
she wanted to play Shakespeare — Juliet,
Rosalind, Viola, Isabelle, Beatrice. 'How
can she dream of such a thing with that
foreign accent of hers!' observed the wise
acres, shrugging their shoulders know
ingly. And she not only did play them,
for her will power was enormous, but posi
tively recreated some of these characters.
Rosalind, for instance, is dressed and
acted by our younger actresses nowadays
as Modjeska first played and dressed the
part. Her versatility was remarkable, her
imaginativeness nearly boundless. What
a wonderful Odette she was, and again
what a furor she made when she appeared
as Ophelia the night of the great Wallack
benefit at the Metropolitan Opera-house.
It is ineffably sad to think that a woman
whose gruce seemed indestructible should
be stricken down by one of the most
dreaded of all diseases— paralysis. Her
left arm, I am told, has become quite use
less. The actress herself is hopeful and
looks upon her visitation as only a tem
porary ailment. Should she be able to re
sume her calling, that wonderful wiil
power of hers will have as much to do
with it as the electricians."
Bloomers Did It.
\\hen it was announced a few months
ago that Hisa Lillian Rufspll was to make
her debut in "The Little Duke" there was
a chorus of "oh's!" and everybody won
dered what could have induced the diva,
who had so long professed abhorrence to
NEW TO-DAT.
Honest Proof!
Over 1000 Cures Have Been Accomplished by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt in California
During the Past Six Months.
IW/n
The best proof of merit is the word of an
honest man, who has been cured.
"Dr. Banden'a Electric Belt cured me of sciatica in eight days." John K. Knox, Mare Island
Nary Yard, Vallejo, Oal.
"Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cured me of paralysis in flye weeks." Frank Monarch, Gilroy,
Cal.
"Dr. Sanden's Kleetric Belt cured me of varicocele and weakness." Geo. Nash, Fifth aye.
and Crocker st., Los Angeles, Cal.
"I was so bad with lame bfl'k that I would almost cry with pain at times. Dr. Sanden's
Belt cured me in one night." Thos. O'Connor, 04 So. River St., San Jose, Cal.
"1 suffered from sciatica for five years, and wns frequently laid up. Nothing helped me till
I got Dr. Samlen's Klectric Belt, and it cured me in two days." S. D. Valentine, Francis &
| Valentine Printing Company, 517 Clay st., .San Francisco.
.. I J w . onld not take $100 for m Dr. Fanden Belt." Captain Henry Beck, schooner Newark;
Oity address, 240 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
"Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cured me of varicocele of 26 years' standing." L. L. Jaccard,
Jeweler, San Leandro, Cal.
"I was so low with nervous debility that I could not attend to my business. Dr. Sanden's
tlectnc Belt cured me a year ago, and I have been a new man ever since." Thos. Ray, Brooklyn
Hotel, San Francisco. ,
''In two months Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cured me of sciatica, from which 'I had suffered
lor 40 years." Hugh Fraser, 2063 Enclnal aye., Alameda, Cal.
Points to Consider.
When you buy an Electric Belt you want the be3t made,
and it is well to understand, first, that the value of an Electric
Belt is in the strength of electricity it gives into your body.
This depends on the battery used. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is
made strongly, almost, indestructible, and it is POSITIVELY
GUARANTEED to generate a current of Electricity that you
can feel every time you charge it for one year. With care it
lasts live years. It has eighteen powerful elements, is perfectly
insulated and possesses what no other Electric Belt made has, a
regulator, so that you can regulate it while it is on the body.
Consider how slight is the cost of one of these wonderful
Belts ; consider the fact that it cures you while you rest at night ;
does not interfere in any way with your daily duties ; that it ha 9
a regulator which makes it mild or strong while it is on your
body — then be true to yourself ; get it get it to-day.
Send for the book, "Three Classes of Men," free. Tells all
about it, with prices. It may save you a great deal of suffering
and expense.
JS-A-IVTUJEIXr ELBOTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1.
■-. — -OFFICES AT
I-OR ANOKI.KS. CAU I ' . • "" PORTLAND, 08.
£04 South iiruutlwuy. ■ _. 1 265 Washington strettb .J
masquerading on or off the stage in male
attire, to accept a role in which she would
certainly nave to play the part of a man.
A bicycle was to blame for it all.
Miss Russell learned to ride a bike last
cummer, and down at her country resi
dence on .Long Island she became accus
tomed to wearing bloomers when she went
out for a spin along the road. Well, when
it was suggested to her to appear as the
Little Duke she conceived the idea of dress
ing the part in bloomers — rather scanty
bloomers to be sure, but no scantier than
one often sees nowadays among the bicy
clists on the Donlevards. And so it was
done, and Chicago decided that Miss Rus
sell made a very handscme boy — well fed,
but handsome, just the same.
Dramatic Brevities.
"The Gay Parisians" will be seen here in
August.
Alexander Salvini will be on« of the
Baldwin's coming attractions.
Robert Mantell's new play will be made
a feature of his coming engagement at the
California Theater.
Eddie Toy, in "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown," will follow Richard
Manttield at the Baldwin.
W. H. Keith, the California barytone, is
coming home after winning success in
Leipsic, Berlin, Dreeden, Frankfort and
London.
Rivanie, the Spanish violinist, will make
his first anpearance in this City at
the Columbia Theater Monday evening,
April 28.
Olga Nethersole sails for England April
27. Parting is such sweet sorrow. She
will take with her the dynamitic kiss that
grew upon her in this country.
H. B. Irving, son of Sir Henry Irving,
will soon play "Hamlet" in London at the
Elephant and Castle Theater. This will
be his first metropolitan appearance in the
character.
The Empire Theater Company will Boon
commence rehearsals of a new play by
Grundv entitled "The Late Mr. Castello,"
and will give its first presentation in this
City at the Baldwin in July.
A bright little French comedy, written
by one of the members of the French de
partment of the Girls' High School, will
be performed next Friday evening at the
Girls' High School Auditorium.
M. Emil Sauret, the violinist, has re
turned to Europe. His artistic success in
this country was very great, but otherwise
he had no reason to congratulate himself
on the result of his visit, more's the pity.
It is now a settled fact that Messrs.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. will have con
trol of Anton Seidl's trans-continental
tour, and that the organization with
several great soloists will appear here in
September next.
The trouble with our problem play
wrights is that they can't resist the temp
tation to get cheap and easy dramatic
effect by exaggeration. In that respect
they resemble our players who foam and
rant and weep floods of tears and other
wise take on to a degree not known among
the children of men.
The stage hands of the Herald-square
Theater Rave an exhibition the other day
and prove I that they could set and strike
all the scenes in "The Heart of Maryland"
in thirteen minutes and five seconds. Other
stage managers are to give similar exhibi
tions, and it is possible that there will not
be time enough to see even one man be
tween the acts if the wave of reform keeps
on.
MEW TO-DAT-AMUSEMENTS.^^
J1 1 fTfUTMfc 1f" HAYr^ To-3>3-isla.t-I J «-»t Time,
Blt™ll^o SS.ES O'NEILL, :;
B##^rri e/VTRE 'I props. — PRESENTING —
"THE COURIER OF LYONS
Z2xx6A.sexrLexxt Xj±xxxitecsL to Three •W7"eel«.a»>
Beginning TO-IViORROW :... MONDAY, APRIL 13,
OF THE FOREMOST AMERICAN ACTOR,
RICHARD MANSFIELD
Ana his New York Oarrlck Theater Stock Company.
EXTIRK FIRST WEEK, , . Second Week, Beginning Monday, April 30,
The Picturesque Character Comedy Drama, MONDAY I XHE STORY OF RODIAN,
npAf T tuesdayl THE STUDENT.
I3Cr/\\J Wednesday. Thursday, nnfVfill IRI
nrifTMnini w M^«& _J_ l[li^ L KAliii
DKUiVIiVIbLL K^^fOr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
MONDAY, Afril 27, Last Week, TAJHSIAi ROMi\W Etc.
tfbUTwKmm ir &ofc9 j THE bkst EVER! !
Vi THEATRE **.*u j. :
PETER ! T ° :^^"l THE
I LI Lll : wA.3STD : I 1 1 8-
F. — ■ NIGHT
iluil ■■ V InJohn J.HcNally's Latest l.j kK R '
UnlLLl Lau hin S Success. ULLl!l\l
I.AST TIME. I ....GOOD-8Y.... : LAST MATINEE,
SUNDAY, APRIL 19. : ...NIGHTS • SATURDAY.
Monday, April 20 - - ROLAND REED in "The Politician."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Mana?«
TO-MORROW EVENING MONDAY, APRIL 13.
THE PEERLESS DRAMATIC PAGEANT!
ALWAYS FIRST FAVORITE,
MICHAEL STROQOFF
"FOR GOD, FOR MY COUSTRY ill FOR THE (ZARI"
SUMPTUOUSLY MOUNTED! SUPERB SCENERYI
SELECTED AND AUGMENTED CAST
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
rRiCOLATIDLR.OOTTLOD o»- u»MAnDriAnAaW4-«-
THE WATCH
FIRST THK
SUNDAY. CRUSH.
Everybody will come to see The Eminent Actor i
Z*3FL^^3\T£L MA.YO
IN* MARK TWAIN'S
"PUDD'NHEAD WILSON,"
The most perfect play extant. To-mor-
row begins the last week.
THE AUDITORIUM.
ijeb, Gottlob Co., Lesseea&Managers
FAREWELL CONCERT TO-NIGHT.
SI6IORIKA ESTREL.I BELHFJKTE
The Great Italian Contralto.
HERR ANTON SCHOTT.
The Great Wacnerian Singer.
HERR KENSCHER,
The Celebrated Pianist.
Reserved seats. 50c, 75c and $1
I
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbiedlasdkr, Gotti.ob «fe Co., Lessees and Pro-
prietors.
Thursday Evening:. April 16, at 8 O'clock. :
The Eminent' American Pianiste,
MISS CARRIE BOWES.
Her First Appearance Since Her Great European
Triumph.
ASSISTED BY A GRAND ORCHESTRA.
Direction of JAMKS HAMILTON HOWE.
Reserved Seats on Sale at
SHERMAN, CLAY <fe CO.'S Music-store.
Prices 50c," 75c and $1. :
SHOOT THE CHUTES
LOG-ROLLING CONTESTS
This Afternoon and Evening.
GREAT FUN; NEW TO FRISCO
Balloon Ascension and Parachute Jump
at 4:30,
Wind and Temperature Permitting.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, sc.
Ladies— Chu Weekday Afternoons, 6c
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
MATINEE TO-DAY-lOc, 15c, 25c.
Strong Story. Great Cast. Laughter. Tears.
"r-ajstoh: 1O." !
Full of Honest Fun, with a Sweet Story.
Monday— "CAD THE TOMBOY."
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIVEORAND CHORAL CONCERTS, j
[MORMON]
—TABERNACLE CHOIR ■
-—175 VOICES
Commencing WEDNESDAY NIGHT, i
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
NO MATINEES.
Prices (including reserved seat), $1 50 and fl.
Seats now on aale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
OAKLAND, CAL.
TUESDAY EVENING. April 14,
ONE GRAND CHORAL CONCERT
....BY THE....
MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR •
178 VOICES. ,
AdmUsion (to All Parts of House) SI.OO.
SUTRO BATHS
PLEASURE GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel, Mirror Mare, Haunted
Swing and Punch and Juily altvayn in
Operation on Marry AVa.v. Concerts
every Saturday and Sunday l>y '
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, Band. j
General Admission... , .T...10 cents
1 Children........ 6 cents 1
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. i.BNKSTiXE Khklixo, Proprietor & Manaear
A TRIUMPH!
—EVERY EVENING !
Our Easter Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
GREAT CAST. — —
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY!
GOKGEOUS COSTUMES!
ENTRANCING BALLETS!
The Latest Terpslchorean Novelty.
••RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream ol Loveliness.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
ORPHEUM.
OTarreH Street, Between Stocucon anl Pa raQ.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). APRIL 12.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
A Brilliant Array of New People !
ELENA LfclLA, ROSIE RENDEL,
LA BELLA CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER,
THE MAKVELLES,
BRUEI ANU RIVIERE,
THE NAVVNS, Etc., Etc.
Y. M. C. A. HALL,
Corner Mason and Kills Streets.
MONDAY, APKII. 13, AT 8 P. M.
HARMONY CHORAL CLUB,
ROBEHT LLOYD Conductor,
Assisted by SOLOISTS and OKCHKSTRA, will
GALLIA, A MOTETT IJY CH. GOUNOD.
nd firs" time in this city,
THE KOSE MAIDEN, a cantHth by FRED. H.
COWK.s , for the bent-fit oif
Protestant Hpi.scopal Old Ladies' Home.
ADM&SIOX 50 CKNTS,
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI.OO.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Towa-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. ic
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric lino direct
to track. - : -..":.\ .;
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. S.LEAKE.
President. .Secretary.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip. 25c; children 15c; including ad-
mission to the grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tibnron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. m.,
'2 and 4 p.m. Rpturning leave Xl campo 11:15
a. m.. 1, 3 iuul sr. m. ■ .
* Iks Gal | |u^^^^^^
4&IRNY3I
IS THE VERY IIKM U.NK TO KXAMINB
your eyes and fit tnem to spectacles and Kj>
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo-
cess has been due to the merits of my worlc
Otlice Hours— l 2 to 4P. M. _\j -r,
ALL LATHE WORK^^-^S^FDR TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324- POST STS.E
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Kheumatiftm, Neuralgia, Bruises*
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swelling*
IT STOPS ALL PAIN.
ALL DEUGGISTS BELL IT
50 CENTS AND «1 A BOTTLE.
NEW WESTERN MOTEIT
K EA Y . A D WA «HIXGTOX BTs!_RR-
XV modeled and renovated. KING. WARD co
European plan. Rooms 50c to «1 50 per d»v i-i
to $8 per week. $S to 830 per montti: free bath* •
hot and cold water every room: tire grate* lo
every room; elevator runs all ntaut groes inNOW-FOUR-AMERICAN-WOMEN
TRAVELLED-IN-JAPAN
AFEW years asro a party of four '
ladies, including the writer,
started on an overland trip from [
Kobe to Okayama in jinrikishaa
"We were a merry party as the
linrikisha men tucked us into their baby
{ferriages, and our two-legged horses were i
liso in the best of spirits. The jinrikisha
nen are very fond of traveling in com
panies, and on such occa>ions will some
times start oft wiih a shout and with such
ipeed as to make the heart of the occupant
»f the little vehicle palpitate with fear of
»eing tipped over — an experience not alto
tether unknown.
Sometimes people think it mieht be un
laie for women to travel alone in a
aeathen land, but there we were, four
anprotected females, the eldest about 30. i
;he youngest a girl of 1,3, and by night we |
>rere forty-rive miles away from any other
rbite p&rson, sleeping in a Japanese coun
ty hotel without the least thought of tear.
Ihis was our first experience in traveling
my considerable distance in jinrikishas,
»nd especially in stopping at country
Jotels. The first nitrht we were fortunate
inougb to lind a hotel with a third story,
t:: i as the room was vacant we irnmpdi- i
itely engaged it. Aft r shunt; around
n the entry way for some time it |
ms announced that the room was in '
THE TRAVELERS ARE SERVED WITH TEA AT THE BEST HOTEL IN THE TOWN.
readiness, so after taking off our shoes ac
cording to custom, and "placing them on
the we proceeded to drag ourselves
ap tne ladder, for such may the steep
stairways of Japan \rell be called, being
ouilt thus to economize m space. On
reaching the room we threw ourselves
upon toe floor, there being nothing else to
recline upon. Our host soon appeared
and offered us the use of the hot bath. To
our inquiry if any one bad used it before
as we received an emphatic assurance that
we were the first. But another question
had to be settled — could any one see us
while we bathed? O, certainly not, it was
all perfectly private. So one of our party,
taking towel and soap, with great dilKcnlty
descended the steep stairway to the ground
floor. Upon being shown "the bathroom
what was her surprise to find that the siae of
the room which was toward the entry way
where people were constantly passing was
made of slats with spaces between an inch
or more wide. Upon making this dis
;overy the "foolish foreigner" decided to
forego the pleasure of a bath that night
much to tne disappointment of our host
»nd his friends.
As supper was not forthcoming and we
were very faint we clapped our hands to
:all an attendant. This brought forth a
prolonged yell from below— "Hi-l"— and
n a moment our hostess appeared. After
crying BMWt desperately to make her un
derstand what we wanted we had ourselves
worked up into quite a nervous state of
laughter. A few moments later, having
occasion to clap our hands again, the eld
est son appeared, and tne next time the
eldest daughter, and so on until the whole
family had satisfied their curiosity, each
new face that appeared sending us into a
fresh fit of laughter despite our efforts to
preserve our decorum.
At last dinner was ready. A white
wooilen bucketful of boiled "rice without
even sait iv it was placed in the middle of
the floor. A smail tray containing two
bowls was placed on the floor in front of
each of us. one of the bowls containing a
small bit of fish floating in the water in
which it was boiled — (soup, if we may so
call it) — the other bowl being empty tb re
ceive the rice which the maid gave to each
of us in turn, dipping it out of the bucket
with a large wooden iadle. With our chop
sticks we thrust the rice down our throats,
taking a swallow of the fish water now
and then to help it on its way.
This delightful repast over, we called at
once for our beds, which consisted of
great, heavy comforters spread on the
floor. The sensation after lying down
awhile is not very different from that one
experiences in sleeping on boards. To
show how Japanese ideas of cleanliness
differ from oars, this comforter had been
used for months without being washed,
but we had been warned and therefore
brought our sheets with us. The tuick
ness of the comforters prevented our tuck-
■ ing them in around our necks, so, although
I burdened witn their weinht, the cold chills
j creeping down our backs kept us company
I all ni^iit. The adjoining room was sep
arated from ours by sliding paper doors,
over which was an openine the full length
of the room ana about a foot wide; thus it
was quite possible for us to enjoy to the
full the tobacco smoKe and loud talking of
our neighbor guests until long past mid
night. Soon after every tiling had quieted
down a heavy thud on the floor near our
heads announced the arrival of a huge rat
through the opening above the door. We
were too thoroughly exhausted by this
time, however, to scream, go we weie
finally lulled to bleep by thoughts of rats
gnawing our noses off or crawling under
our comforters to get warm.
At daylight we were awakened by sounds
resembling thunder. It proved to'be noth
ing but the opening of the sliding wooden
doors, which have to be ciosed all around
the house every night to keep burglars out.
: We fain would have continued our nap
■ but the distance yet to be traveled rua.ie it
npcessary for us to start at 5 o'clock; so,
with eyes half-open, we partook of another
< savory meal and started <;n our second
I day's journey, not quite so jubilant as on
the previous day. When our bill was pre
sented we found that we were charged 30
cents apiece. We objected to paying such
■ an exorbitant price, having been told on
I good authority that 15 cents was the ordi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
nary price of a night's lodging and two
meals; however, we had to yield, and
afterward learned ihat there are"tbree rea
sons why they charge foreigners more
than their own people. First, we have, or
are supposed to have, more money than
the Japanese; second, we make' more
trouble than they do, and third, very
few foreigners know enoueh to pay the ex
pected "cha dai" or tea fee which every
Japanese pays in addition to his bill. The
bill is supposed to express the exact cost
he has been to his host, and his "cha dai"
is a httle compliment he pays in addition
for the trouble lie has made.
The second night we drew up before a
low-roofed, two-story building, which was
recommended by our jinrikisbamen as
the best hotel in town. Thouen not at
all inviting in appearance there was no
alternative. Two rooms on the second
floor were at our disposal and were sep
arated as usual by paper partitions. We
decided not to use the first room because
of various odors floating up the stairway
from below, wtich it would be impossible
to describe. We were in an unusually
merry mood this evening, and by our own
constant chatter and bursts of* laughter
must have aroueed the suspicions of our
hoat. It was evident from the attention
we attracted that foreigners had rarely, if
ever, been seen in the place. After our
beds had been prepared we were proceed
ing to get ready for one night's rest(!)
and one of our number had already crawled
in between the comforters, when suddenly,
without a word of warning, the doors
flew open, ana there stood two men, our
host and a policeman, gazing at us with
solemn faces. We looked at one another
in dismay, and as the ludicrousness of the
situation dawned upon us, two of us sank
upon the floor overpowered with laughter,
while the most dignified of the party
calmly stood behind a screen resting her
elbows on tile top of it, and looking al~
ternately at the men and at us. As soon
as we were able to speak we found that the
policeman wanted to see our passports,
without which no foreigner was then al
lowed to travel in the interior of Japan.
No doubt he watched the house carefully
that night lest we might prove to be men
in disguise come to rob tne town. It is a
common saying among t> c Japanese
that American women look and act like
men.
To perform our morninc ablutions on
the veranda downstairs, with a number of
curious people gazing at us, was no small
trial of our moral courage. A basin of
water was placed on the veranJa, and get
ting down on our knees, we washed as best
we could, considering the conveniences
and the privacy we enjoyed. Tne use of
our toothbrushes caused a quiet kind of
merriment among the bystanders. In the
interior of Japan the old-fashioned tooth
brush, consisting of a small stick of white
wood, fringed at one end, so that it looks
lite a diminutive paintbrush, is stiil in
use. People will go about their work for
half an hour or so with one of these brushes
pushed back in their mouths between the
teeth and the cheek, and when the hands
are disengaged, occasionally give thetaeih
an extra scrub.
The return journey was made in tw
days, the jinrikisha men drawing-us ninety
miles in that length of time. They will
start to run immediately after eating, and
we never heard them complain of indiges
tion. One day one of our men stopped
suddenly, stooped down, and picking up a
dead snake, very deftly stripped the skin
off, and before we had time to think it was
down his throat.
One of our party, when stopping once at
the leading hotel in a large city, with a
Japanese girl for a companion, met with
an experience which was startling at the
time, tut which ehe can look back upon
now with feelings of amusement. Desir
ing to avail herself of the privileges of the
bathroom and learning that all was in
readiness, she proceeded thither and had
begun to disrobe, when suddenly a door
opened, and a man clad in nature's garb
entered the room. With perfect calmness
and deliberation he proceeded to dip water
out of the tub to give himself a sort of a
shower-bath. It turned out that he
had been down to the river, a few
steps from the hotel, for a cold
plunge, and had just returned to
eive the finishing touches in the bathroom.
Meeting a lady there did not disconcert
him in the least. Fhe, however, fled in
consternation to her room, to tell her com
panion what a terrible thing had hap
pened. The girl then proceeded to explain
to the hotel-keeper that foreigners must
be aione when they bathe. Ho thereupon
promised to guard the doors (there being
no locks) while this strange guest occupied
the bathroom. There was an expression
of amusement on the faces of the Japanese
to think that we should care about such
things. Th.-y laugh at us because we do
care, and we laugh at them because they
do not.
We learned enough of the language to
discover that they have only one word —
"hadzukashi" — for our three words, mod
est, bashful and ashamed.
It is not surprising, therefore, that mod
esty is something they know little about.
We would not say, However, that because
of this the Japanese are an immoral peo
ple. Indeed, they look upon nudity with
such chiid-like innocence that one almost
ceases to be shocked after being among
them for a time. In the hottest weather
tne children of the iower classes run about
freely, clad only in their little dark skins.
A lady who was in Japan when the men
first adopted the European drsss was rid
ing in me steamcars on a very hot day
when a Japanese gentleman, the only
other occupant of the car, took off his
coat, pants and vest, and folding them up
carefully laid them on the seat, going the
rest of the journey in his underclothes.
No doubt he was cool and comfortable, and
in the eyes of his countrymen he was sen
sible.
Believine, as is so commonly reported,
that the Japanese are a very clean people,
it was with some surprise we learned that
even the most fastidious wear one night
gown all winter without washing. This
garment is made oi either silk or cotton,
very thickly wadded. In some families
the value of a frequent airing in the sun
shine is understood, and this takes the
place of washing. Woolen goods are only
just beginning to be used there, the Japan
ese having none of their own manufacture.
If they are as clean a people as they are
represented to be we conclude that there
must be different standard; of cleanliness.
To be sure, they are fond of the hot bath
especially the public bath, where dozens
of people use the same water — but we
think that the European standard of
cleanliness is a little superior to theirs.
We would prefer their way to that of the
Chinese, however, who take no bath
throughout the winter.
At one time, visiting some hot spring?,
we desired to taste the water. A man in
attendance took a cup, and rolling up his
"kimono" walked right into the large
bathtub, the water being about three feet
deep, atid reaching a little beyond where
he btood dipped out a cupful of water and
offered it to us. l.ut we suddenly decided
that mineral water was not good for our
digestion and hastily departed without
much ceremony. jScphemia Bubton.
Whist
[All communications concerning whist, an
swers to problems, etc., should- be addressed
"Whist Editor," Call, City.]
Many of our whist readers no douot have
had tbeir attention called to the new whist
plays that seem to be the fad nowadays.
Nearly every whist club in the country,
young, middle-aged and old, has a lot of
players who jump at every new fad as a
trout does to a fly.
livery whist player in this country has
heard of the whist king, Mr. John H.
Briggs of Minneapolis. The following is
what he says on the new whist plays in
the Minneapolis Tribune:
The past few months have brought out many
w. w suggestions relative to the correct methods
o( play. The so-called "short-suit game" has
h:tl a good a;rini{. I;s advocate of "monu
mental orass" iarna will probably continue to
unfold hi.s tnlo <>!' woe until he gets tired, sev
eral new systems 01 discard have been placed
before the whist world. Xew leads irom pecu
liar combinations have come to the front.
Many other plays which are said to win tricks
and make whist easy have been brought to
light, invariably by writers who have no whist
reputation.
These plays have had much influence with
becinners, and many have adopted them as
law. We are often confronted with questions
with regard to niany of these new plays. When
we have time we answer them as beat we can.
Whether we give an answer or not, our parting
advice touching the merits of the plays is as
follows: If you are lar enough advanced in the
game of whist to judge of the merits oi a ulav
by trial Rive thorn n, test. Otherwise let thtni
alone and follow the old established game
until you find a fair share of the players of
recognized ability recommending the new
plays. If a play has merit the stronger players
will discover it, and you will lind it out in "due
course of time.
There is no law to compel persons to do
right when they wish to do wrong. If a
player wishes to lead fourth best from
ting jack ten and others, or ten from
queen jack ten and others, he has that
privilege. In our opinion it is much bet
ter to stick to the textbooks, and make
the leads in accordance therewith. N. B.
Trist, the father of the American lead sys
tem, in a recent letter says: "I see "no
reason for departing from the time
honored custom of leading ten from King
jack ten; or queen from queen jack ten.
It is without doubt trick-winning to lead
fourth b-st from ace and four others — not
holding king or queen jack."
We give below a deal that occurred in
Brooklyn the other evening, when N. and
S. made 13 tricks on the original, or at
table 1, and only 5 tricks at table 2.
From the lead of the fourth best from
ace and six others:
Trump — Xine of clubs.
Leader— Wast.
At table 1 west opened with jack of
spades. South winning with ace, led the
fourth best heart.
At table 2 the opening leaa was the
same, south winning; he opened with ten
of diamonds and made 5 tricks.
WHISTLETB.
An English gentleman, writing to the
London Field of March 14, recommends
the trial of the American seven-point
game of whist without honors and no
rubbers in the clubs, instead of the five
point game and playing rubbers. The
object, no doubt, is to try to abolish play
ing for stakes.
John Fetch Hewby, author of "Whist or
Bumblepuppy" and "The Decline and
Fall of Whist," died a few days ago at his
home in England. It is sad to announce
to the whist world the death of such a
brilliant writer. He was known as "Pem
bridge" as Henry Jones is known as
"Cavendish." He has left his footprints
on the sands of time.
E. H. Shepard, one of the founders of
the Portland Whist Club and ex-director
of the American Whist League, is spend
ing a few weeKs in the City.
D. E. Clark, a whist expert of Santa
Paula, was a visitor at the Trist Club dur
ing the past week.
President R. 13. Calley of the Linda Vista
Club of Oakland has just selected his team
that will play for the Rideout trophy now
held by the San Francisco Whist Club.
President George E. Bates of the San
Francisco Whist Club has donated an ele
eant trophy to be played for by the ladies
of the club'only.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club has re
duced the initiation fee to $2 50 and
monthly dues all around $1 a month in
stead ol $1 50. The beautiful suite of rooms
they occupy in the new Wenban building
and the moderate expense should be
enough to induce all lovers of the game to
join a strictly whist club.
A match p-ame of whist between the
Woodland Whist Club of Woodland, Cal.,
and the Trist Club of this City is now be
ing arranged, eight players on a side.
By accident our whist column appeared
on Monday last week. It will be found in
its usual place hereafter on Sunday.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The "Tramp Trays" that were on this
coast a while a^o were a set of hands to
be played under what is known as "mem
ory whist," and is not recognized or
played in any lirst-class whist oluo.
T"he American Whist League adopts no
"authority" for whist play, nor does it
recognize or adopt any system of leads.
So all cards or pamphlets sant out stating,
"As adopted t>y the American Whist
League," are fakes.
The best whist publication you can get,
outside of The Call, is "Whist," a monthly
journal devoted exclusively to the game,
published in Milwaukee, Wis. ; costs $1 a
year. There are several hundred books
published on the game, and they are all
good. One of the latest i 3 "Whist of To-
Day," by Milton C. Work.
Our Petaluma wnist correspondent writes
as follows :
Our whist club here is in a thriving condi
tion, having an attendance of from seven to
ten tables on our regular meeting nights. .Our
beginners' claos meets every Friday afternoon.
In or^er to encourage study in that class, we
will ou the til st Friday afternoon in May have
a test in the t'undtunent&l principles of whist
as found in Cavendish. A copy or Hamilton is
offered by the club to the one making the best
showing, and F. H. Atwater donates one year's
subscription to Whist as a second pri£e. We
are very anxious to have this prove a success
and get the beginners to study. If they once
get a good start in the right way they will not
be very apt to give it up, and", no doubt, we
will be able to get some good players iv that
way. I send you a hand that came iv play the
other afternoon. It brought about a good deal
of discussion, and I do not think any of us are
satisfied now. I should like to know what you
would do under the circumstances. The deal
was as follows:
The question is what should south lead
in return?
This is a very nice situation, and we
submit it to our readers for criticism and
will publish the play of the best answer.
SOLUTION OF riiOBLEM NO. 1.
Ws have had a large number of answers
from our first; problem. No. 1. and it ia a
close race between George ii. D'Arcy of
this City and E. C. Hill of Oakland. Both
show a great deal of good whist percep-
tion. They have both carefully analyzed
the situation, and they both show them
selves to be good students of the game.
They are boih prize-winners. Unfortu
nately for us the prize that we offered does
not come in two volumes. Although it
does come in two parts, we cannot divide
it, so we send to each a copy of "Whist of
To-Day" with our compliments.
The problem was as follows: South
deals and turns up the two of clubs. West
leads king of spades, North plays the five
of spades, East the two of spades, and
South trumps with the two of clubs and
leads the king of hearts.
What is the development and how many
cards of each suit can you place?
West's lead marks four cards only in
spades, the kins; winning the trick, show
ing that West or East holds the ace. Mr.
D'Arcy cays North might "underplay,"
holding the ace. if he held the ace it
would be called "passing the trick," not
"underplay." We explained underplay
in our last whist article (Monday, April
6). North evidently plays his smallest
spade, and East has not four
or he would retain the lowest to
enable his partner to count num
ber, youth trumping with the deuce and
leading king of hearts shows four hearts
exactly. If South held rive diamonds he
would have selected that suit to lead from,
instead of a four-card suit, and if he held'
six trumps originally, he would have led
a trump, with five remaining. Not doing
so, Souths original holding must h<ive
been four hearts, four diamonds and five
clubs. West holding but four spades, the
other nine are divi led between North and
East. It is quite certain North holds at
least six. Outside of placing the exact
number of each suit held by South, the
other holdings cannot be placed.
Next week we give solution to problem
2, naming the winner.
GATHERING OF LIBRARIANS
Entertained by Librarian Har
bourne of Alameda's In
stitution.
W. H. Crozier Brings Suit Against
the Southern Pacific — Decision in
the Buena Vista Avenue Case.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 11.— Librarian
Har bourne entertained visiting librarians
and others last nisrht with a light repast
after the formal meeting in the council
room. The following were present: J. C.
Rowell of the University Library, George
T. Clark of the San Francisco Library, A.
M. Jellisonof the Mechanics' Library, A.
J. Cleary of the Odd Fellows' Library;
Miss Caroline G. Hancock of the Sacra
mento Library, Miss Bertha Kurnle of the
Santa Rosa Library, Henry F. Peterson
and Miss C. Cole of the Oakland Library,
J. D. Layman of the University Library, F.
J. Teggttt of the Stanford University Li
brary, J. H. Wood of ths Mechanics' In
stitute Library, A. E. Kellogg, James F.
Snelling, Eaward Lande, L. P. McCarty,
of the Statistician, William Doxey, P. J.
Healey, C. K. Rosenberg, Frank Vaslit of
the Academy of Sciences Library, H. H.
Moore and Library Trustees Brick, Allen,
Lutgen and Mastick, Librarian Harbourne
and City Trustee Leydecker of Alameda.
I', uen a Vista Avenue.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 11.— The Com
missioners that had to do with the open
ing and extension of Buena Vista avenue
condemned a strip of land between Sher
man and Benton streets 60x515 feet in size
for right of way. It belonged to Perata
Bros., vegetable gardoners. They were
awarded the sum of $2150 for the property,
but refused to accept it, demanding some
$6000 for land and damages, and condemna
tion proceedings were accordingly brought.
The suit was tried on Friday and Satur
day before Judge Ogden. All the real
estate men in Alameda testified as to the
value of the land, ranging from $1500 up
to $4000, the most of them keeping in the
immediate vicinity of $2000. Judge Ogden
gave judgment for $2528 25, wich is $378 25
more than the Commissioners awarded.
A supplemental assessment will now be
made to raise this sum and also the ex
pense incidental to the suit.
Suit Against the Kailroad.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 11.— W. H.
Crozier, a shingler living on Hay street,
brought suit to-day in the Recorder's
court to recover $299 from the Southern
Pacific Company, alleged to t>e due as
damages. As cause for complaint he al
leges that on Wednesday last ne roae to
tue mole, and after having purchased a
ticket for Berkeley passed through the
§ate, where the ticket was taken up, and
oarded the Berkeley train. At Emery
ville, as he avers, the conductor insisted
on a show of ticket or the payment of fare,
and as he considered that he had paid his
fare refused to pay it again. He was forth
with ejected, niucli to his humiliation and
injury. He had to walk a mile to Lorin
station to take another car.
Death of a Former Resident,
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 11.— Herman
Wilhelmi, a well-known resident of this
city, having liyed for twenty years at 2044
Santa Clara avenue, died on the 24th of
8m
-_-_M_-B____g^_s _r-^,c?Sv:.^^% ! - - - _ _s_l r(t^-c-__B^_f
v__^s^<^ _^e^***»»r_ijr^ _rS^^£^^^''^"
li BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
- 1 - 1 - being one of the avoxdebs of the Wobxs, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of hkalth, wiU be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
, H fornia.
LARGE NEW SWI.IDHXG TANK.
A Positive Cure for Kheumatism, Liver,
, Kidney aud Stomach Troubles.
TERMS SIO TO Sl5 MIR WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. aad
S. F. aad N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F.
MPA SODA SPMSGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yon Been Theue Latkly?
1000 feet above Napa Vallpy. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and oc"an. field and ft-.rm. Hot aad cold
Napa Soda waler baths. Telephone and Poatofflce.
Burro 3 10 ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATEK BWIBI-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' deliaht; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
PACIFIC (JOMESS SPRINGS.
One of the Finest Hotels in California.
lOCATED IN THE C NYON OF THE SANTA
■i Cruz Mountains, a mile above Saratoga, amid
enchanting scenery. 800 feet above tne bea level,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
. Bathrooms.. -'. ,
PURE SPRING of the famed CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaui ous affections.
HOTEL and COTTAGES.
NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity: electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone: good stables. •
RATES VERY REASONABLE: only 21A
hours from ban Francisco, via B. P. Write lor
particulars.
J. F. PFETCH, Proprietor.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG !
Queen of All Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag, tlie most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1896. }/..;:?
GEORQE SCHONEWALD,. Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building,
San Francisco. .
HARBIS HOT-SOLPDUR SPRIJSGS.
;". '•;■;■ Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
HANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
commodious rooms; large new dining-room;
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages.
• Stage daily from Calistoga to springs: round-trip
ticket at Southern Pacific Office, $8. Fine (ishing
and nunting. Address J. A. UAYS, Proprietor.
fl T7" I fl fl M HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V It h I•I ' V County, only 41/2 hours from
\ k M ItlT\ San ' Tancisco; hut 9 miles
1 1 |\ f» 111 I 1 1 stiiciiis: new road through
™* ****M VI I\J canyon; new stages; sanitnry
plumbing: natural temperature of w;i:er 130° Kahf.
of wondertul curative properties no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiioa nnd.oiher annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7::-iO
a. m. or 3:30 T. M. Kound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a, week; baths free.
J. F. MU LORE W, Proprietor.
CAMP TAILOR, HOTEL AZUEV "
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, flarin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: T)E-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion, j
croquet and lawn tennis: line trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $.H and $1:2 per week. '■':" .- ■''.
VICTOK W. KIUI'SS, Manager. .
JOB. F. BERTKAND. Froprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
EL BONITO HOTEL
"VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS- FOX THE
JA season: salt and fresh water bathing, huntine,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, bonoma Co.,CaL -
~~ OLENBROOK
IS ONE OP THE MOST CHARMING RK-
sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
fishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
Information adaress O. W. K. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, LRke County, Cal.
last month on the island of Kni, H. R.,
ninety miles from Honolulu. He went to
the islands about three months ago for his
health and lived on the Hutchinson plan
tation, owned the.Spreckels. The cause
of his death was consumption. Deceased
was a native of Bremen, Germany, aged
47 years, and leaves surviving a widow.
®oie'SAß£ fill BEST®
®ANDCH6APBST#W ©
®£AkkAK9JKS-3%VIN££B, @
® rf, \
. @\KQIsatSS-lrfBBE!l-T1Rt-VWlCai^T-0H-AKll^-
-2, CARRIAGe. PRICC,^s?_rXTI?A.. ' '
818-820 MARKET ST
i
! HIGHLAND SPRiNGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like ti'ie bathinc, boating, bunting and fishing?
I>o you ne-ed recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds o: mineral springs? bltortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs. ■■.- ■■ . ....•--<■ V-----V.-.. ■ -
New hotel. Finest diniug-room. north of San
.Francisco. -
From San . Francisco it costs only $8 for the
round trip, and tlie hotel rates are SI 50 to *2 50
per day or $10 to $ltj per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. itailway via Pieta, th>-nce by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CBAIO, Manager.
. lS»u Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATIOfi
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go "where monotony is impossible,
vrhere you may mingle with the light-
! hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll uuuer
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
% SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN It. CHACE, offers ail these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. It. CHACE,
Froprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SASTI CATALISI ISLUD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
*J coast excurs ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
liunti: bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie cow open, Island Villa in July.
l-'or lull information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222J3outh Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SODA BAY MOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED" ON CLEAR LAKE,
O is most. Dipturesque. *oda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,
ga:ions. Hunting, hHhina;, boatinz and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all gneata carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
I daily stage from Pieta and Highland Spring*,
; Adams, selgler, Blue Lakes and s-aratoga. Fare
: from San Erunclsco. .*5 50; ronn 1 trip, $10. Bpe-
cial rates for iamUie*. O. B. \v\ait, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
DUNCAN- SP«IMJS HOTEL,
Hopland, 31<>n(locino County, Cal.,
XK7-XXjXj O:E=»3E23Xr TUCj&.'ir X
THIS NEW 3-STOSY, HAED- FINISHED HO-
tel Is iocated 1 miles froru Hopland station, on
the line of S..F. &N. P. R. R. The hotei la built
on a knoU. 250 feet above the vallay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are sever*l furnlahad cot-
tages: a;so fine Electric and Magnesia liaths.
Amusements: Billiards. Lawn-Tejnls, Croquet,
Shullle-Boards. Fiiie walks to Duncan Peak, 'J'JUU
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, SIO to «ia Per Week. Free Bag.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IX EVERT KESPECT.
' P.. E. RADEn, PUOPKIETOK. ' .
Kates, $7 per week. Bath »nd all modern con-
veniences in connection witn Hotel.
-A.. 33. McMATH'S.
TF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
J. humingand fishing where game of all feiuas la
plentiful, take the B. F. and N. P. R. R. to Uklah,
Berryhlll stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullviile. P. O. address, Hullville, Lake Co. Cal.
FOR A SUMMER OUTING.
FOX RENT FROM JUNE I— NEW COTTAGE,
5 rooms and bah: furnished; beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; $40. Apply to
Gi- O. G. CLAEK,
Office Welis, Fargo <fc Co., City.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
: pleasare-seektrs: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
; $8 to $12 per week; route s. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare S5: round trip $9 50. Address H.
WAMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County.Cal.
S~ OLID COMFORT HOME RESOKT— II MILES
: O from Napa City, on Mount Veder: elevation
; 1500 feet: mountain spring water: fine, scenery;
i healthfest climate: positive cure for asthma; s;ood
; board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 60 via Phoenix Livery
Stable^Address AIRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, LARK COUNTY, CAL.
—The most beautiful summer resort in the
Btate: 8 different springs: sulphur, soda. iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class: rates $10 per weelc
and upward: table Unexcelled; bard-ftnisht-d
rooms en suite and c<v::i-;es. Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Posoflice, Lake County, Cal.
BLUE PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open: many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. -good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. P., Lake Co." Do not address Blue Lakes.
ART SALE
AT AUCTION!
BY ORDER OF
EDWIN DEAKIN, ARTIST.
60 OF HIS CHOICEST
OIL PAINTINGS !
IN THE MAPLE HAIL,
On the First Floor of the Palace Hotel.
AUCTION SALES
Wednesday, April 15 At 12 o'clock, noon
Wednesday, April 15 At 7:45 o'clock, evening
Thursday, April 16 At 12 o'clock, noon
FREE EXHIBITION,
Commencing: Monday. April 13, at 10 o'clock a. n.,
aud continuing ' Jay and evening until the closing
of the auction sale. The gale comprises Archi-
tectural Subjects, Old Buildings, Mountains,
Mountain Lakes, studies of Fruit and Sketches of
Pari3 Kues. In the collection are: "Dent dv
Midi," "Westminster Abbey," ".Scene of Gray's
Elegy." "Light In the Window," "Eagle Falls,
Near Tahoe." "The Old Chateau," "Point Xeuf,
Paris. 1 ' This will bo the last presentation by Mr.
Deakln of his works at public auction.
Do not forget the days and hours of auction
sales. Catalogues at Maple Hall, Palmce Hotel,
and ai our otllce.
Connoisseurs will find this collection well worth
a visit. EASTOJN 1 , ELOUiiDUE & CO.,
638 Market street. Auctioneers
2324
IN CHILDHOODS
REALM
MY. wasn't Easter Sunday a
rainy, rainy day ! Just lots and
lots of boys and girls who had
beautiful new spring clothes to
wear felt a tiny bit disappointed
when they saw what a trick Misa April
was playing on them, but they went to
church all the same, dressed in their warm
winter clothes, and when they got there
they didn't think for an instant about line
hats or bonnets. Oh.no! The air was
too full of the fragrance of the pure white
lilies and the sweet strains 'Of music to !
allow worldly thouents to enter in.
And then it was lots of fun to hunt for J
Easter eggs behind chairs and under j
tables and in all the cozy coiners of your i
own dear homes.
How accommodating the Easter rabbits I
art i
las very glad you all love the poppy so j
much. I have been delighted at the inter
est you have taken in it. Do you ever
press flowers? If possible get a poppy
plant by the roots— one possessing perfect
leaves, buds, blossoms and seed pods; ,
then press it between the leaves of a blot- I
ting pad, with heavy weights on top.
When its moisture is all absorbed place it j
in a scrapbook, securing it by little strips
of gum Daper here ai:d there.
If you wish to send it to some iriend I \
am sure be will appreciate it very much.
Or if you should move to some other j
State yourself you would be very happy to
possess a perfect specimen of our State
flower.
Helen, Ruby and I.
].
How good were those winter days r
When Helen and Ruby and I,
»On corr.inc home from school,
Would git by the lire to dry.
11.
How lovely was the spring,
When Helen aud Ruby and I,
Would roam the hills for flowers,
Through grass and oats and rye»
111.
How sweet was ihe summer time,
■>\ lien Helen and Uuby and I.
Would take oil stockings and shoes,
And play 'neat-h the summer sky<
IV.
And when the autumn came,
Hrlen and Ruby and I,
Used to visit the flylnc Dutchman^
And on vim take a fly.
V.
But alas, they moved to town,
Helen and Ruby so gay,
And when i hey come to see me,
We're bound to make things pay.
t-AiuK Drinkwater, 12 years, Oakland.
DONALD SEEIES FOR TINY BOYS.
The noisy old alarm clock, with its ring
a-ting-a-ling whirr-whir-r-r-r, awakened
Donald very early on Easter morning. It
didn't make him real wide awake, but just
left him on the very edge of slumber land.
The sweet music of the gently pattering
rainarops soon had almost lulled him into
another peaceful sleep, when the low tap
ping, rapping seemed to change to the
music Of a band! Yes, it was a band!
Why, there must be a procession! And
the little boy sat un in bed and rubbed his
eyes very hard to get all the sleepy out.
What was his joy to see, on the other
side of the room, coming toward him, a
really procession, bright with all the colors
of the rainbow and made up of the oddest
things that had ever before marched
through the land of play.
Out of bed Donald jumped in a jiffy and
tiptoed softly across the room, as if fearful
the wonderful things might, on his ap
proach, bo spirited away. Leading the
comnany was the sauciest yellow, fluffy
chicken, with outspread black wings, that
ever was hatcned from the egg of the
magic white rabbit.
It kept bobbing its head up and down in
a very funny fashion, and Donald is pretty
sure that it winked at him with one of its
shiny black bead eyes. Behind it walked
another beauty, a snowy rabbit with, oti,
sum immense ear?, pretty pink eyas and a
gut paper collar around his graceful neck.
But the funniest thing about it was that
under the rabbit wa<? a cute green mossy
nest full of small colored eg« 3.
When Donald touched the bunny's side
with the tip of nis rosy tongue he lound
out something — something very sweet.
Yes, that bunny was made of pure white
sugar!
Following these came one of the dear
little brownies whom we all know so well.
It was the comical brownie jockey
doing his best to struggle out of a paste
board egg, where he~ was very much
pushed and crowded by a whole lot of
speckled candy eggy.
Next came a really frying-pan made of
DONALD SAW COMING TOW'AED Ui.Yl A liEAL PROCESSION.
iron just like the ones your mamma uses,
only many times smaller.
In it were some nice fried eggs and a
! slice of breakfast bacon; at least that is
' just what they looked like, but when Don
' aid treated them as he had the bunny's
j side, he said they were make-believe eggs
; and bacon and were made of candy, too.
The pert young chick, the snowy rabbit,
i the quaint brownie boy and the strong lit
| tie pan were followed by Sir Humpty
! Dumpty, his brothers and sisters,
his cousins and bis aunts, wearing
i the broadest of grins and the gay
est of coats and gowns. How they
did roll and tumble over the floor as Don
ald danced among them. Of course the
procession was broken up in a very short
! time, for soon the little boy had all of his
j new toys gathered in a heap on his lap,
, giving to one a hug and a kiss, to another
; a loving loolc, with an occasional lick from
the rosy tongue.
Lots of fun with them all did he have
j during the long hours of that rainy Easter
j day, but at nightfall when the blue eyes
j closed and the golden head nestled down
j in the soft pillow, there, tightly clasped
i by chubby ringers, cuddled close to the
warm neck was the saucy little yellow
duck. So 1 think of all that Queer proces
sion, Donald loves him best.
Wild Strawberrjpg,
Mabel and Lina had quarreled.
Neither of them could quite tell how it
happened, but the bluejay, who was sitting
DINNER AT HOME.
[Reproduced from the Youth's Companion.]
in a crotch of the old pear tree, peeped out
of her nest and heard Mabel say:
"You're a hateful girl, Lina Maybee, and
I shan't ever speak to you again."
"I don't want you to speak to me," said
Lina; "and I shan't tell you where there's
a big patch of wild strawberries that I
found yesterday. I'm a-going to pick 'em
all myself."
Mabel pulled her sunbonnet over her
face and started across the tall clover to
the house, and Lina pulled her sunbonnet
over her face and went off through the
orchard toward her own home.
"Why, Lina," said her mother, who was
churning down at the sprinphouse,
"what's the matter? Wasn't Mabel at
home?"
"She was at home," said Lina, sulkily;
"but she's a cross, hateful, disagreeable
thing, and says she'll never speak to rue
again."
Mrs. Maybee laughed.
'I thought you girls would have a quar
rel before long," she said, making her
chnrndash fly again.
Mabel went slowly along through the
tall clover. Her cheeks were flushed and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
her eyes were brighter than seemed quite
natural.
When dinner was ready, she could not
eat anything, although her favorite chicken
pot pie was on the table.
Her mother began to grow alarmed.
"The child must be sick," she said, "or
she would certainly eat her dinner."
So Mabel was put to bed, and before
night she was in a high fever.
The doctor came, and after looking at
her tongue and feeling of her pulse he
left some medicine and went away.
The medicine was very bitter, indeed,
but it helped Mabel, and by the next morn
ing she was much better/though not able
to sit up.
"What would you like to eat, Mabel?"
said her mother, when the dinner was
ready.
"Nothing; unless I could have some
strawberries," said Mabel, faintly.
'"My dear child, I don't know'where we
could get strawberries." said her mother.
"But here is a nice baked apple. Won't
that do?"
But no; nothing would do. All Mabel
wanted was strawberries.
"Lina knows were there are plent-y,"
she thought, "but she is goint: to gather
them all for herseif."
And the tears came into Mabel's eyes.
She raised herself on the bed and looked
out of the open window toward the fresh
green woods and hills. As she dtd so she
caught a glimpse of Lina with a basket in
her hand walking slowly down the path
across the glade.
"She's eoing after the strawberries now,''
thought Mabel sadly, and tnen she won
dered if Lina would not juve her one — ju-t
one— of the bright scarlet berries if she
asked her.
"11l watch till she comes back,"
thought Mabel, "and get mamma to go
out and asE her for one.
So Mabel lay, with her face toward the
window, watching the path by which
Lina would come on her way home.
She watched for a long time, but at last
she fell asleep.
It was Jate in the afternoon when she
awoke, and the shadows thrown by the
tall trees had crown very long and were
stiil stretching out toward the setting sun.
A catbird had perched on a hopvine
near the house and was singing his even
ing song. Mabel had been dreaming
about the strawberries. Her dream -was so
vivid she almost fancied she could smell
the luscious fruit.
"Mabel, are you awake?" asked her
mother.
And opening her eyes Mabel saw, not
only Ler mother, but Lina! Lina, with
sunburnt cheeks and berry stained fin-,
gers, and in her hands a little willow bas
ket heaping full of ripe, scarlet strawber
ries !
"I didn't eat a single one, Mabel," she
said, kissing the sick girl's cheek, ''but
saved 'em every one for you."
And the bluejay in the old pear tree
peeped out of her nest and twittered softly
to herself as Lina tripped gayly through
the clover with the empty basket in her
hand.
'Well, well, girls are not such bad
creatures after all," said Mrs. Jay to her
self, as she nestled down on to her eggs
again.
At least that's what she thought, I dare
say, if she didn't say it.— Helen M. Whit
ney, in Golden Days.
Some folks they keep huntln' for sorrow—
They siijh If tliey're right or they're wrong;
But this day's as good as to-morrow,
So I jest keep livln' along!
I jesi keep a-livin' along,
I jest keep a-slnirln' a song;
There's no use to sigh . *,-s■■?
While the sun's in the sky,
80 I jest keep a-iivin' along !
' —Exchange.
. Fun With Mixed Melodies.
Musically inclined young folk may find
amusement in the jolly game called
"mixed melodies." The young hostess
erives «acl> of her friends as they anive a
card or a slip of paper. On half these the
first lines of familiar songs are written,
and on the other half the second line of
the same songs. After a short introduc
tory programme of songs and instrumen
tal music, the guests match cards — fun in
itself — and eacu pair,' representing the first
two lines of a sontr, are partners for the
game of "Mixed Melodies." * v
- Some one at che piano plays twenty fam
iliar airs. The partners decide what each
is and write its name upon their cards or
on paper. 'When all have been played the
correct answers are read by the "player,
and the partners mark their cards. , Prizes
may then be e;iven to the. most successful
gues<-ers and "boobies" /: to the poo rest
gueaaers. Mouth-organs, tin whistles aud
miniature musical instruments of any
kind are suitable for prizes.
I- — Take the figure 1 with two semi
circles meeting in the middle of it; take a
circle ; take a right angle triangle standing
on its feet with a line drawn across its
center from left to right; take three
quarters of a cross. Place these together
in the above order and you will have
something used by sailors.
IL — I am the name of a city. Am com
posed of a bag, a note of music, member of
the human family and a preposition.
111. — I am a title and am composed of
five letters. Behead me (take away my
first letter) and I am one of your ances
tors. Behead me again and lam an ob
struction used in streams. Behead me
once more and I am a verb.
IV. — I am a well-known saying begin
ning with the letter "P." (Only the
vowels are given):
Pxaxxixexaxexxexxexx.
V.— Construe the following pi: teltil
unnugsiieb amek gbi gdnniies.
Correct answers for April 5:
1. Hippopotamus.
2. April.
3. Cat. Catbird. Catfish.
4. Time and tiJe wait for no man.
5. All work and no play makes Jack a dull
boy.
Name 3 of those who have sent in an
swers to puzzles:
For March 29— Hilda Lippi, Ronald Mac
APRIL WEATHER.
{Reproduced from Wide Awake.]
Millan and Lucy Mueller of San Francisco;
Katie Westcott of Chiles Valley, Nairn
County, and Oscar Angilley of Sweetland,
Cal.
For April s— Helen Dimmick, Oakland;
Hilda Lippi, JeaniiPtte C. Talfour, Au
gusta Williams, Mamie Connelly and Alice
Bell of San Francisco.
Berkeley. April 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: Will you ple«*e let me know
what Is the largest city of Texas. I ara not
sure what it is. I live on Ashby avenue in
South Berkeley. Ido not like to live in the
City, it is so crowded.
I "go to the Le Conte School: We take The
Call aud I like it very much.
1 must now close. I am your little friend,
Jeannette B. Woods.
Fan Leaxdro, March 5, 1896.
Dear Editor. I am a little boy 12 years old.
I live in San Leandro and go the Union School.
San Leandro is a very ueat little town of
about 3300 inhabitants. It is very beautify
••-. WWe are you going
'Wy son. sT. bold .'
Irn ooin^ to find
The \Xfhpre are you £om£ ■
iy son so bold
-1 to find
e'Vot of Gold*
How WiH you £0
/"Ay ovA/n bonny boy? m
, l« J In o boat I'll Sdil • *
_^ M Q>r ■ t^e nv^r-of iJoy ;
rjHow can you see : j!yk J
: k V< \fJhen d^rk tine day* V \ f
Aidddins Ump* ; 'plfe^
c Will lioht my w<sy. UrTT^
"NAUGHTY MAX" (FROM YOUTH'S COMPANION).
Look at this pretty little picture and then write for me a story about the girl and hex
doggie. The very best stories will be published.
here now with the flowers and trees in bios-
Eom, and the hills are so green.
My little brother Claude la 8 years old
\\e live on a little ranch of one and a third
acres. \\ c have 159 apricot trees.
1 enjoy reading the "Childhood's Realm."
I cannot think of anything: more, so I will
close my short letter for this time. Your
fnend > Earl T. Hall.
Lime Kiln, Cal., March 31. 1896.
To the Editor of The Call: My father takes The
Call, and I am very much interested in the
children's page.
I will tell all I know about the poppy. The
poppy grows most everywhere in "Tulare
County. It grows on the mountains and on
level ground.
Its color is a deep yellow in the middle,
shading off to a bright yellow. There are quite
a number of stamens.
There are four petals and they are smooth.
They have bitter juice and the juice is coior
less. There are hardly ever wh .te ones and be
fore they bloom they have a hood on.
They have three names. One is poppy, an
other esehscholizia and the other" is Califor
nia State flower.
The pollen is yellow and the sepals all to
gether is called the calyx. This is all I know
about the poppy.
I am a little girl, 10 years old, and this is mv
first letter to The Call, and I will be very
much pleased if you will publish this if there
is room. Your little friend,
MVRIEL MOFKETT.
Sweetland, Cal.. April 1, 1896.
Dear Editor: I think the contents of the
children's page in The Sunday Call very in
terestin*. I shall try for the first time to
Rnswer the puzzles, because I have especially
enjoyed them.
Hoping my answers nre correct and that you
will publish my letter in your next Sunday's
Call, I remain, yours truly,
Oscar Angilley, 10 years old.
Xapa, Chiles Valley, Cal., April 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have never written to you, but
have read t lie stories in "< hildhood'B Realm,"
and enjoy tnem very much. I have been look
iiie at the puzzles, and thought I would send
you my answers. lam i:> years old. My father
ink'-.'- The I>aily Call, and e\ery Wednesday,
niter school, I read the stories to my sister.
1 will close my letter now, hoping to see my
letter in print. Ycur interested reader,
Katie Wescott.
Mount Edbn, April i, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you.
My home is S»>l Jackson street, Oakland. Igo
to the Lincoln School. We have a. week vaca
tion now and I am ."pending it here in Mount
Kden. Mount Eden is not a very large town.
There are large fields to play in. My name is
John fitrombeiff. Ima 10 years of age. I will
clpse now, hoping to see this letter published
next Sunday. Your friend,
John Stromberg.
COQOILLK City, Or., March 29, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 have been a constant reader
of The Call for nearly one year. I like to read
the children's page. The Call arrives here on
Saturday. My answer to the enigma of March
25 is South Carolina. I hope this letter will
escape the waste basket, for it ismylirst. I
am 11 years old. Yours truly,
Roy Morgan.
Oakland, Cal., April 5, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call, and I
read the children's page almost every Sunday
and like it very much.
I found the answers to the dropped vowels,
and after awhile mamma found another, so I
will send them all..
Honing to see my letter in next Sunday's
Call, I am yours truly,
Hklen Dimmick, 8 years.
San Franctsco, Aprils. 3 * |
Dear Editor: 1 did not intend to write so soon i
again, but by reading: all the little letters
through I could not let this pass, to let you
know that 1 was very glad to see the homeless
newsboy's letter printed ri rst.
It miist be awful to be without a home, L
father or mother, brother or sister. Thnnk I
God, I have all. Hilda Lippi.
San Francisco, April 5, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have been reading the page
entitled "In Childhood's Realm, 1 ' and like it
very much. As I have never tried any of the
NEW TO-DAT. --.tutww-^.™-
Pvpfv r»ar»Lrci«v*> r»f fhie A large bottle of liquid Sozodont
every package or tnis A box of sozodont powder
popular dentifrice contains : A s^' c ak * of sozoderma Soap for th
Use liquid Sozodont daily: tne powdt-r twice a week. A sample of liquid Sozodont by mail, provide 4
you mention this publication and send three cents for postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodon^
IlALi.it Rri-KEL, Wholesale Druggists. New York City.
RAIIiROAP TRAVEIJ _  , _
BIG REDUCTION L\ RATES BY RAIL
....t0...;
POUTTjANI), OR.
MONDAY ......APRIL 13,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, fooc
of Market St.. at 8:00 P. m.
<r> IT t\ l%— Including UertU in Pullman Tourist
WUiUU deeper.
....ALSO...
First-class tickets, including berth In CjlA.oo
Pullman Standard Sleeper, tJplU_».
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pm-
gengers at intermediate stations, nor wIU tickets t>a
sold or baggage checked to aucu points.
jBST Throuifh Tickets for ' Pujret Son;i 1
pointH on Sale at Keduced Kiitos.
I"or further Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Ottlce). San Francisco.
• ICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAIT,
Gen. Trafflo Mgr. Gen. Pass. A.gt
SOUTUERX PACIFIC COMPASI.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Ti'Mlun lenve nn<l lire rtu» to arrlTe at
m SAN nUSCISCOi J» '
' —
LEAVE — FBOM MA»cn 28, ISO 6. — Ar.n
7:«0a Atlantic Express, Ug'len and Kast.. B:*3p
T:O«A Benlcia, Vacaville. Ruir.sey. Sacra-
-.....•• mento, and Bedding via Uavia. . . . 7:15p
7:00 a Martinez, Sau Ramon, Xapa, Calis-
toga and Santa lio3a 6:15r
■raOANilcH, .Sail Jose, Stockton, love,
Sacramento, JlarysviiU'. Re<l liluff
ami Sundays excepted Oroville.... i : 1 5p
•8:3O\ Peters antl Milton -7:15p
. 9:U4)a Los Angeles Express, Fre3no, Santa
llarbara and l.os Angeles l:4Sp
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton lO:15.v
9:OOAVaMejo 0:15p
I:OOi- Niles, San Jose and Livcrmore 8:45 a
•1:OOp Sacramento liver Steamors *!»:«0r
tl:SOp Tort Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
4:ooi> Martinez, San Ramon, Vnllejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verauo and
SanUßosa - 9:l.**
4:ooi> Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knit'lits Landing, Marysville ■■
Oroville and .Sacramento .- 10:-13 a
4:30r Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stucliton 7:15p
4:30p Merced, Bcrenda, lUyinond (for
Yoscmite) and Fresno 11:43 a
8:00 p New Orleans 15 .iprfsa, Fresno. Bakers-
lioUl, Santa l.avbura.Los Angeles,
Dcniii El Faso, New Oilcans and
East lOiIJSa
8:00p Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Kxpregg
for Mojave and E03t... 10?I5a
5:OOpVallc:o 11:»5a
6:UOi- F.uropuan Mail, i y.l. i. and I' .... 0: 13 a
O:O«r Hoywanla, Kiles uiid San Jose 7:45 a
t7:OOi>Vallejo -t7:43p
7tOOi- Oresoa Kxprrsg, Sacramento, Marys--'
ville, ltolding, Fortlaud, I'uget
Sound and Kast 10:49 a
«J10:03p ''Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Katt. ...... tl2'-*3p
SANTA ( Ul / IHVIMOIS (Narrow tinuyej.
17 145 a Santa Cruz EsrnrEion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:osr
SslHa Newark, Cfiitervillo.Siin.lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:50r
*2:15p Newark. Centcrville, San Jose. New ■
Aluiatlon, Fclton, I'oulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
SUtions "11:20 a
4:lst* Newark. .San .lose and l.oa <!ator, I>:.">Oa
COAST lUVISION (Ihird .V Towiispihl Ms.',
0:43 a han Josu and Way Stations (New "
Almailen Wcilnesclays only) l:l.">p
■:13a San Jose, Tree J'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove. Paso Roblea, - Sau
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe antl Prin- ■
cipnl Way St.utions 7:05r
IO:4Oa Sau J o«e nml Way SUtions , 5:»Op
' 1 1:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
• *2:3orSan Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos. S-'. .ta
? -.•,"*• -'\ ' Cruz, Salinas,Montcrey and Pactllc
Grove «IO:40a
, *3::»op San J 080 anil Principal Way Stations 5):17a
•4:30 - San Jose and Wsiy Stations *8:«)«a
- B:3oi> San Jose ami AVay 5tati0n5......... •Sr-ISA
I 6::tOi> San Joso and Way Stations.... O::S5a
f11:45f San .logo and Way Stations -t7:-B*»'i-
SAX . LKAMMKO AMI UAY\YAUU> LO<,AL.
. ' t*«:OOA " ~ ~ ? tUSa
8:OOa tO:4SA
■ iS.'oSa Melrose, Seminary Park,. \i\\^
"Sioor Fltchborg,SanLeandr» *f:Jg^
* 3:00r f ' nO 5:4.->P
4:OOPi mn<l 5:43P
5:0«p W«»w.ii^« 6:15P
»:30p ■. ■ Htywardß, 7:13p
" 7:«0p 8:45P
8:00p .__ „ ' -, • • 9.-43P
9:00p ; ♦ Rnns through to Niles. . 10.50P
ttll;iap^:.< From Niles. , : ftlg:OQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From FRANCISCO— of Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
*7:16 9:00 • 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00 p.m. ■
From 01KUKD— of Brotdwsj.— »6:0O ■ 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 J3:00 *3:00 J4:00
• *S:OQr.M. - '- - ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted '■ =■ - 1 Haturdays only.
\ -- 1 Sundays only. Tuesdays only. ?fa
.-- ft MonO»y, Thursday and SAtiuday nights only. - ;
puzzles I thought I would try three, and hope
fam right. VVe take The Call and it is a very
nice paper. I remain, yo«^?' CoS iKOU.Y.
216 Chattanooga street.
San Francisco, April 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: In answer to your question
about the diamond I send the following:
It is a precious stone of. the most valuable
kind, and is remarkable for its extreme hard
ness, as it scratches all other minerals. It is
crystallized carbon, the crystals being mono
metric and usually with convex faces.
Diamonds are often colored, and even blacK
ones are found. sera is of the first water when
This beautiful gem is of the first water when
very transparent, and of the second or tnira
water as itic transparency decreases.
If I am not asking too much, will you please
explain the saying, "Oh day to be marked
with a white stone!" and oblige yours truly,
Alice Bell, 13 yeara.
San Francisco, April 6, 1890.
Dear Editor : I was very pleasert to see my
name in Sunday's paper, but was sorry my let
ter came, too late for the whole to be printed.
This week I will send it sooner. Mamma read
all the little stories to us Sunday afternoon. It
is so nice to stay indoors when it rams and
listen to mamma" read. If it had been pleasant
weather we would have gone out to Colraa on
the electric cars to pick poppies. I will not
write any more, or my letter will be too long to
print. Tarn nine years old. Your little friend,
THBIB WIENEKS.
p. s.— You had my name spelled wrong Sun
day.
Kiddle answers— Hippopotamus. Cat. Cat
fish. Catturd. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy.
San Fkantisco, April 5, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam very glad to kno.v that
my papa takes The Call, as I like so much to
rend" "Childhood's Realm." Alter papa an*
mamma are done with The Call I cut out and
send all the letters in "Childhood's Realm 1 ' to
my little cousins, Florence and Warren, who
live in Philadelphia, as 1 know they like to
hear about California boys and girls. This is
my first letter to you— Easter Sunday. lam
very happy, for I have had so many eggs sent
to me. Hoping to soe my letter in "Child
hood's Realm," I am truly yours,
Mabkl F. Tway, 10 years old,
930 Sanchez street.
Theory and Practice.
Mistress— Mercy on me, what a kitchen I
Every pot, pan and dish ia dirty, the table
looks like a junkshop and— why, it will
taKe you a week: to get thin era cleaned up I
\Ytiat have you been doing?
Servant -Sure, mum, the young leddiea
has just been down here showin' me hot?
thpy roast a potato at the cookin' school. —
New York Weekly.
His Characteristics.
Visitor— Whom do you takeafter.Bobby,
your papa or mamma?
Bobby Jones— That depends; when Aunt
Sarah's here ma :-ays I take after her folks,
and when Uncle Silas Jones is here ma
says I'm a regular Jones. They're both
r-rich!— Judge.
A Mental Test.
"Now, Mr. Hopkins, tell the class
whether, when a hand-organ is men
tioned, you think first of the instrument
or of the music."
"When a hand-organ is mentioned I
think first of the monkey."— New York Re
corder.
FARROAD TRAVEL.'
SiAFR.IM'ISCO& NORTH Pi
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK r>AYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-5*
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. v. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. Jf.
BCXL>AYS-7:30. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:3<JL
6:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
! WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a if t
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra MM
»t 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 P. v.
BUNDAYS-7:35, 9:bt, 11:10 a. v.; 1:40, 3:40,
6 :00, 6 :25 p. k. ■•■ ■ . /
: Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park sama
schedule as above.
~~ l^eeve In effect Arrive *
' San Francisco. A pr" a? San Francisco.
• I Week I Sun- Destfnation. Srx- | Wek"
Days. | pays, -"estinauon. DAY 3 | BaYS.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 av I -8-40 aM
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ai|
5:10 pm ; 5:00 PM Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pi|
Fulton, ~~"
7:30 ah Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am| Clovordale. 7:30 Ml 6:13
] '- j Pieta, ~~ ""^
Hopland <fe
7:30 am 7:3oam Uktah. 7:30 pm! 6:15 m.
7:30 am i~ 10:10 am
7:30 AM.Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm | 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
?%-:■.■..-- . j | Glen Ellpn.
7:30amj7:30 am : Sebaatonol 110:40 am 10:10 am
3j3o_pm_s:oopm ° eDast °P ol - I 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
B Stages connect, at I'ieta for Highland Spring*
Kelsejrville, Lakeport. * **
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Sprlnrs, Bliia
| Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, llendoclno City. Fort Braes?, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley. Joaa
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris. Sco:l«
. | and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«»
jood San Kafael at half rate 3.
Ticket Offlws. 650 Market st., Chronicle hulldlnf.
H.C WHITING. It. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. G en . Pass. Ajtent
I — — — —
Atlantic
KAILHOAD V^^^^*^^3l
Trains leave from anl arrive <£y-|^pjT*Tgttg|Pi
at ilarket-Street Ferry. CS x^sos*o\}™ ]^
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
leaves every day at 5 p.m.. carrying PaUmin
: Palace sleepers Tourist Sleepers to Chicaw
; via Kansas City without, change. Annex cars fo«
Denver and St. Louis. 
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car^
! under Harvey s management, ■ Connecting trains
i leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
i New rails, new ties: no dust; Interesting aceneryi
and good meals in liarvey'sdinintj-ro»m or dliilnij-
can. •
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
."> v«^>. ChrojiicJs B«ilUiii«._
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
from Saa Francisco, < omm< n March 29. 186 ft.
WEEKDAYS. *..°'*
For Mill Valley and San Kafael — 7:CO, »8:00
*9:16 10:15, 1i:45, a. m.: »IUS. 3- o 415
6:15. *t>:O(t. 6:35 p.m. ' * aS>
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. W*dn»»
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. »■«««•■
SUNDAYS. I
ii:o6 b A 45 M. B:3OPM - J "o i^nilS
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. ••12iHO
F. M. does not r.:n to Mill VMlev ""• A <'oW
THROUGH TRAINS.
vj^m »ua way atauon*NOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
OF
SCIENCE, LITERATURE
AND
ART
ITOOK in one of the kinetoecope
rooms on Broadway this afternoon,
having for a companion a gen
tleman who has just returned
from Europe, says the New York
correspondent of the Pittsburg Dispatch.
After ho had taken a few peeps at the
latest things with which the interesting
toys have been loaded he said: "These
are all very well in their way, but they're
not in it with tho cinematographe." The
■word made a big mouthful, and he
paused awhile before resuming in this
■wise: "Just before I left London I was
one of a select company present at a pri
vate view of the cinematographe. What
is it? Why, as Celia says in 'As You Like
It,' 'Oh, wonderful, wonderful, and most
wonderful, wonderful.' It is the latest de
velopment of instantaneous photography,
by which an accurate development is pro
tiuced in pictures of real, living, moving
ecenes. To obtain an idea of the im
pression produced, you have only to im
agine a photograph come to life, with
every movement faithfully reproduced. It
is photography taken Mn the action' and
api lied, not to single living figures only,
but to whole scenes. A puff of smoke
from a steam engine, the spray of the sea,
the gestures and movements of every indi
vidual member of a crowd— all this is
shown on the screen upon which the
pictures are projected. The figures are al
most life-size, and the remarkable effects
produced are almost indescribable and
positively uncanny in their realism.
"Wonderful as was each one of the
series which I had the pleasure of viewing,
I will only bore you with a couple, which
I consider the most wonderful of all — the
'Arrival of tbe Train' and 'bathing.' In
the first, you see the rush of the locomo
tive, the gradual slackening, the stoppage
at the station ; the crowd on the platform
steps back, the carriage doors open, tbe
passengers alight and others take their
places. All is bustle and confusion. In
'bathing' a number of lads dive from a
pier into the sea. As they me^t the water
the spray rises from the waves that are
rolling with a verisimilitude that is start
ling. But the interest of the tiling is in
exhaustible, for once the flush of novelty
is passed, the attraction may be revived
and revived again by new pictures. Where
all this is going to end one cannot tell.
For the present, however, in this French
development of Edison's toy, London has
the biggest attraction of the sort that it
has had for years. Of course the cinemato
jiraphe will astonish New York ere long.
When you see it you'll not set me down
a romancer, either." We'll wait and see.
A Tidal Bell Buoy.
A patent for a current-actuated bell buoy
vrith many novel features has been re
cently granted to A. L. "Woodworth, says
Showing the Bell and Channel.
the Philadelphia Record. The action from
the force of current is wholly automatic,
the float upon which the superstructure
and bell is mounted cuts and shifts from
eide to sid?, causing the float to list. The
ball confined inside the tube, having free
I assape, strikes the bell with great force.
The bell will ring equally as well by the
action of the sea. The feature that is most
norel is that it is most efficient when the
water is the smoothest. Just so long as
ttiere i* motion in the water, whether tidal
or current, it is sufficient to ring the bell.
This feature will be most appreciated by
masters and pilots for the reason that, as a
Tidal Bell Buoy.
rule, when thick fog hangs over the waters
a death-like stillness everywhere prevails;
it is then the anxious captain feels his way
slowiy alone, listening lor some familiar
sound to safely guide him. lie has no
hope of bearing a bell that is alone actu
ated by the sea. He knows the tide is
moving, either ebb or flood, and that the
tidal bell buoy is at work, giving forth in
clear tones its notes of warning.
Decreases the Dock Supply.
One of the most remarkable accusations
brought against the new photography is
ihat of an American Field writer, who
cays: "I think photography has done a
great deal to decrease the supply of ducks,
which," lie very properly adds, "will be
news, no doubt," to many of his readers.
Sportsmen have been saying that nothing
but the general adoption of cameras in
etead of firearms will save the game, ami
now to run up against such a statement as
that is to say the least astonishing.
It appears that "for the purpose of per
fecting the picture albumen must be used,
and this can be procured only from eggs.
Chicken eggs are too valuable as food,
therefore the Hebrides Islands of Scotland,
Lofoden of Norway, Labrador, Green
land, South America, and, in fact, every
conceivable breeding ground of wild birds,
are robbed of eggs by natives or men from
extensive sailing expeditions. This is
especially hard on the ducks of various
kinds, particularly in Labrador, where
they breed in thousands of nests to the
square mile, while the scavenger birds of
the sea, the va r ious gulls ani terns, suffer
from these depredations. The birds can
not stand this drain long, and the ques
tion arises what will happen when a:l the
eggs are gone ?"
An Alcohol Incandescent Lump.
In France an apparatus has lately been
invented for producing an incandescent
light rivaling that of electricity, from a
lamp fed solely by alcohol. It is called
the cellophane burner, and can be adapted
1. Lamp. 2. Interior.
3. Vapor generator. 4. Globe-holder.
to the receiver of any ordinary portable
lamp. The mode of operation is described
as follows: First, the small heating ar
rangement — resembling a night lamp with
a regulator— shown centrally in figure 3 of
our illustration, is set going. The alcohol
is carried from the re-ervoir by wicks pass-
Ing through four columns (Fig. 3 A) into
the dome B. and is vaporized.
The vapors ascend through C, Fig. 2,
into D, where they may be lighted. The
hanging cylinder. G (whose material is not
mentioned) quickly becomes incandescent,
yielding a pure white light of dazzling
brilliancy. The inventor estimates that
one of these lamps, having an illuminating
power of fifty candles, will consume, per
hour, from forty to fifty grams of alcohol,
costing, in France, 1 franc per liter of 800
grams. It would seem, therefore, to be
nearly or quite as cheap as kerosene, while
stated to be much less dangerous. — Popu
lar Science News.
Thougiitg Read by Machine.
If the accounts given of a new machine
just completed by Julius Ernner of this
city, says the Washington correspondent
of the Philadelphia Times, are not too
hopeful it is the most won lerful of dis
coveries, for it lifts man out of the plane
of the material and reads his most secret
thoughts, laying bare his mind as if be
neath a microscope, and recording each
idea as it is given birth in the brain. If it
was a great feat to photograph through a
solid substance it is an almost miraculous
performance to take mental photographs,
which can be secured unknown to the
person, photographs which will tell every
intangibledream which floats through the
soul.
The machine, which is now in the hands
of a patent lawyer, is a cylinder about six
or eight inches long nnd an inch and a
half in diameter. It is coated with an ex
ceedingly sensitive chemical, which is
easily decomposed by the electric current.
In front is a line needle of aluminum,
coated at its point with chemicals, and
resting on the cylinder, while the base is
set in a diaphragm of aluminum, a very
thin plate of the Jatter being used. In
front is a large, open, somewhat horn-like
*rra:i_'enient. which is intended to convey
the vibrations direct to the recorder. The
machine is put in action by means of a
small motor, which revoive3 the cylinder,
the thought forces causing the needle to
make upon the surface of the cylinder im
pressions which correspond with the vi
brations.
There is, of course, an electric induction
coil connected with the apparatus. The
person vrhose thoughts are to be read is
seated about three feet in front of the ma
chine and lets his mind pursue any train
of thought he desires. The motor is set
going and within a few moments the cyl
inder has done its work and a finer and
more delicate needle is put in place of the
recording one, for the mind is to De rerd
from the impressions. Connection is made
with the secondary induction coil and
wires leading from the electrodes are
placed at the base of the brain of the
reader. The ideas which had passed from
THE MACHINE THAT REGISTERS THE THOUGHTS.
THE SAINT JfKANCISCO CALIj, HUJNDAI, AfRIL IS, 1536.
the first person into the machine are now
transmitted into the mind of the second
person with absolute fidelity and perfect
accuracy, the thoughts being received in
an unconscious manner — that is, not by
any sound or any written word, but the
conception frames itself in the mind of the
second person just as it was given being
in that of the first. It is just reproduced.
That the machine will do all that is
claimed for it has, it is said, been proven
not only by tne inventor but by Beveral
other persons. An experiment was tried
with two friends to whom he had been ex
plaining his invention. Mr. Emner had
thoughts recorded and then let his friends
read them by placing the wire 3 from the
electrodes at the base of their brains. As
soon as they had finished expressing their
astonishment one of them was j>laced near
the cylinder, and when Mr. Emner read
the record it ran, "Am I in an insane
asylum or am I hypnotized?" showing
that the man's mind was full of wonder
at the things he was experiencing. When
he went away he told that he had been
hypnotized, not being able to comprehend
that such a wonderful power existed as
thought recording.
As thoughts vary in intensity, Mr. lim
ner showed that the degrees would be
marked upon the machine. He procured
a dog, and by teasing it threw it into a
violent rage when near the cylinder. The
record showed that the dog's mina was
powerfully agitated, for the vibrations
were intense, hence it is to be seen that by
Eraner's invention not only human feel
ings, but those of the animal creation are
open to our mind's eye.
The uses to wnich this invention can be
put are numberless. To be able to pre
serve the record of our own thoughts,
which we can read off at will; to be able
to take down the thoughts of another
when they may be unconscious of the
operation; to fathom the brain of the
poet; to examine the minds of the insane;
to discern the secret thoughts of our
friends, and to trace the workings of crime
in the brain of the criminal are all fields
of unlimited boundaries, operations of
which science has as yet scarcely dreamed.
The business man can sit at his desk,
think out replies to his letters without
opening his lips, and his clerk write them
out from the cylinder while the man is
miles away.
The author need no more dictate to a
stenographer, for this machine will take
the ideas in their very birth, and ho.d them
for posterity. The maid whore lover is
bashful can detect his tender thoughts.
There can be no deceit practiced on one
who=e office is fitted out with such a con
science-piercing friend, for the aims and
motives of those about us will be, if they
are echoed in their thoughts, as clear to us
as the day. The murderer will be con
fronted with a proof of his crime, and the
punishment of* offenders will be an easy
task.
The Fluoroscope.
There has already appeared in these
columns a description of the ''Fluoro-
Fluorescent Screen.
scope," invented by Thomas A. Edison, to
enable surgeons and others to observe
directly the bones of the limbs without the
intervention of photography. To-day there
is reproduced a picture of t!ie device*. The
uprer end is made to lit the head around
the eyes much th° same as a stereoscope,
and when the light is turned on the device
is held over the i>art to be examined with
the light beyond. The appearance of the
bone at once appears on the inside of the
screen, which forms the bottom of the box.
The Sun, the Moon and the Tides.
Most people suppose that the moon
alone is responsible for the phenomenon
of tides, but the attraction of the sun is
also an important factor. Of course the
distanoe of the sun from the earth is un-
thinkably greater than that of the moon,
but its mass is so enormous that it has
considerable tide-producing influence.
The force which the sun exerts is the same
on both sides of the earth at tn.e same
time, the tide-producing force of the great
orb being -about four-tenths that of the
moon. At the time of both new and full
moons the "wane spheroids" produced by
both the sun and the moon have their
"axes coincident,' 1 that is to say, the two
great orbs unite their energies on the
fluids of our planet, and as a result the
tides are higher than the average for the
remaining portions of the month. These
are tne "spring tides." The "neap tides"
come in the time of the moon's first and
third quarter and are not as great as the
average, because the moon and the sun
are each working in opposition to the
other.
Hold-Fast Wrench.
Here is a new form of wrench, the inven
tion of two English mechanics. It is de
signed to provide a tool which will give
the requisite gripping power without slip
ping and will not bulge or damage the
work. The wrench comprises a bifurcated
hand lever in the double eye or jaws of
which is mounted upon a square spindlo a
non-rotiitable sprock tor stud wheel of br.ii
able diameter with which gears a fiat
linked or other suitably constructed pitch
chain of convenient length. One end of
the chain is attached to the free end connec
tion of a pair of swinging links mounted
preferably on the same center as the
sprocket wheel. When operating on a pipe
Hold-Fast Wrench.
or the like the chain is fitted around same,
and its free end passed between, the links
and carried over the fixed sprocket wheel
gearing therewith. Then on the applica
tion of force to the lever in the proper
direction the wheel teeth pull upon the
chain and cause it to grip the article !
firmly and with equal force all round. In !
the illustration the pipe is shown in posi
tion of being wrenched. When the lever
is depressed theteetli of the wheel tighten
the chain until the grip and leverage tire
together sufficient to turn or wrench the
pipe as required. — Philadelphia Record.
Bicycles on Railroad*.
Bicycle riders are constantly transport
ing their wheels on the railroads during
the summer months, and the delicate con
struction of the bicycle makes it difficult
to handle. Of late years the traffic has be
come so large that plans are now being de
vised by which the bicycles can be carried
safely and without hindrance to boxed and
crated merchandise. Last week a Western
railroad issued instructions that its bag
gage-cars ba supplied with bicycle racks
Transporting the Bicycle.
for the use of wheels. Similar steps will
likely also be taken on all the roads
throughout the country. In France, where
the bicycle Uses the railroads a great deal,
a very simple contrivance has been
adopted, as is shown in the illustration.
It is a small hook, which Is attached to
the bicycle and caught on strips in the
ceiling and sides of the cars. This plan
removes the wheels from the floor space of
the car, so that they do not interfere with
any other class of baggage.
A Hint From Afar.
A telegraphic operator on one of the
morning papers recently told me a story
of how ho <rot rid of a too frequent visitor,
whose mghtlv calls during business bours
had come to be a nuisance. The intruder
was al?o an operator, but was temporarily
out of a job. One evening he came in as
usual and planted himself in a chair. Re
ceiving no answers to his questions, he
lapsed into silence and listened to the
steady click of the instrument. Suddenly
a look of disgust crossed his face. He
arose, glared at the operator, who kept on
writing, turned on his heel and walked
out. This happened a week aso, and he
has not called since. What was the cause
of his sudden departure? That is eas ly
answered. In response to a previous re
quest the operator at the other end of the
line sent this message: "Is that idiot with
you again to-night?"— Syracuse Post.
A Boon to Housewives.
A concern has come into New York and
almost solved the proDlem of garbage cre
mation, by introducing a device that ren-
Garba^e Crematory.
derg the housekeeper independent of the
city collection. It is a perforated cylinder
that ia tilled with drained refuse, inserted
into the stove or range pipe, where the
contents dry, without smell escaping, and
are converted into a sort of charcoal that
burns nicely.
What Queen Victoria Reads.
Her Majesty has during the recent
months been 'busily reading the works of
various poets, beginning with those of Mr.
Henley. The greal lady positively de
lights in the earlier novels of William
Black. "Thf! Princess of Thule" was at
one time her favorite book, and she is de
voted to the works of George Eliot. Al
though the Queen, in her literary as well
aa musical tastes, is inclined to be some
what conservative, it need not be said that
she neglects the work of newer writers.
She much likes William Watson's poems,
and has read and reread his "Lachrymse
Musarum."— Woman at Home.
Charing Cross.
In reading English history you will hap
pen across numerous references to Charing
Cross, but the chances are you will won
der if the allusion is to a real cross erected
as a memorial or simply a cross roads.
Charing Cross was formerly one of the
noted landmarks of Britain, and its his
tory is as follows: In November of the
year 1291 "Good Queen Eleanor," as she
was called by her loyal subjects, was
called to join her husband, who was then
making an expedition into Scotland.
NEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS.
gßinjnipinS
g^~ —^
— <»
*^"~ ■ *w
«^~ - ... ; ; -■
% Although the notable introductory distribution |
Eof that Great Reference Library, THE NEW 1
I ENCYCLOPAEDIC DICTIONARY, was announced
|to close yesterday, THE SYNDICATE has, for
I; reasons below explained, decided to allow ONE 1
H DAY'S GRACE, thus extending the time for sending %
| orders to MONDAY NIGHT, April 13, at 10 o'clock. |
Bj= This is a busy world, and ~ . — =3
§£= many country readers are AT ONCE A dictionary and an encyclopaedia.
•>— away from home the entire Produced at a cost of over 5750,000. —^
Sr away from home the entire ' ' r^»
&zz week, having but one day /<^7'fr^u'^:^^ — •
|= (Sunday) with their families. J/' ,19^^ (|) TII^W 1
£ Others are so occupied with (p^J^^. .fiS^X ~6rv"^ " - 3
gr that they really have no time ' | g^^?gS^^g L_ 3
that they really have no time f^^^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^J ■ 'I^'J 3
i■ to consider our unprecedent- Ip-^ f^flf'^h 'i W$ i
|£ ed offer. iK^* 3s^^^ -^^i>-- -v^'"^ %
|gr To such we would say : f&crS.JSJf Et CLO^ DIC feL"^^* 1 3
EHAVE A FAMILY CON- I^^P^^^^^ml - [ ;i \k
E FERENCE to-day and see if fefi^ BM^ife^CT V^ £^li liiilPS
£: you can afford to miss the fl|si«O^J^ \^^>mf^^P^ 1 3
g last chance to obtain this Ll^Trf 1 ' I^^ fe^^^^^Jl* It II fe
work. We do not wish to de- f l^—* JS^he iSS^ilil '■ wM 3
prive any family of this un- lftf|<j> SCST t^^ftSJSli^^ 3
St= usual educator who really . fi^^^^|K|O lfc#k> \' y K£>^ m^^ t ■ p|U?-i 2
g wish it, hence, ONE DAY OF f^^^lS^KF s^^'^^ {iilliPiß^^ 3
GRACE will be given. l s?^^SS&a'64ks B^^^BtoßK^^ST
g Cut this coupon out and @^^^^^^^^^^Ni||j^^^^^ 2
£Z mail it to us any time to-day Ss:=:^^^^^^^-p^^ 12
or Monday (with one dollar) """""*>|^ 3
and books will be forwarded four massive volumes, weight about 40 pounds. 3
•^ as directed. ' . i ■ 'I =^
| BEAR IN MIND, THEN, |
That all orders are sent to U8 up to 12 O'CLOCK TO-MORROW NIOHT, by letter or telegram, will be 3
op received and promptly filed. And remember that r^g
p TO-MORROW $1 SECURES DELIVERY OF THE ENTIRE WORK. %
| AFTER TO-MORROW IT WILL COST YOU $42. i
I SEE BOW EASY IT IS TO SECURE THIS MAGNIFICENT WORK. |
•^ Dringor eend $i toth« PACIFIC CO A.ST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 33 Moateomsry streat.. nni thd antira s«t oi
3£- tt»nr superb volumes, bound in cloth, will be forwarded. Tti3 bilanco to ba paidf at the rate ol %i 25 montlily for II ~^
«£^ months. The work will be supplied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, and in full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12
2T~ months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At tie timo of sending your first payment please designate ~*2
5= the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the
a*L volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must bs paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the — 2»
g*" first paj'nient of $1 is received, and you therefore have the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you ara ~~^
Jfci paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued — •
••»- and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription'price of which is $42, oa «
S^ an advance payment of only $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furni3hei on =£5
SH application. Address . I 2»
| THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery Street, San Francisco. |j
«fc— — — '■ — ' "~ — ta
E: See How Easy It Is. Use This Order Blank. 3;
E THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery St., San Francisco. |l
«^- Inolosed find One Dollar, for which please send to my address, as siven below, one complete set of the
s£r Encyclopaedic Dictionary, bound in Binding. (We recommend the Half-Rustia \
fZZI i Binding.) I agree to pay the balance in 12 equal monthly payments. "^
t**— ■■  . . — .0
£ NAME RESIDENCE 3
**" ! ' ~^»
i OCCUJfATION _,„,.,..... .......... „ BHIP BY
»w_ . ■ • • Btato here whether by express or freight. . —^
When Eleanor had reached as far on
her way as Grantham she sickened
and died. The remains must, of course,
be buried at Westminster, and the funeral
cortege started in that direction. Dur
ing the time this royal funeral proces
sion was slowly winding its weary way
toward the capital thousands of people
nocked to the wayside to get a glimpse of
it. It was a great event in the history of
the rural districts and they did everything
possible to make the solemn occasion a
memorable one. Wherever the procession
halted for the night or for other cause the
people afterward set up a memorial. One
of the longest stops was made at Charing,
and subsequently a richly carved memo
rial cross was erected on the site of the
camp. This was the Charing Cross of
history. It stood until 1047, when the last
vestige of it was destroyed during the
civil wars of Charles I, the vandals who
destroyed the relic claiming it to be a
monument of Popish superstition." Char
ing Cross as seen to-day was erected by
the Southern Railway Company in the
year 1865.— 5t. Louis Republic.
A Remarkable Shooting Feat.
At Wichita, Kans., the other day Tom
Clark Smith sighted a gun over his shoul
der and fired. The bullet struck the trig
ger of a gun thirty feet behind him. The
shot from that struck the trigger of an
GREAT SHOOTING FEAT.
other gun thirty feet in front of him, while |
the shot from 'that struck the trigger of
stiil another gun thirty feet behind him.
Finally the shot from the fourth gun went
through an apple on the top of his head,
all the guns having been arranged by the
shooter with that end in view.— St. Louis
Republic.
Alligator! Attack a Team.
J. A. Dalton of Barton returned lately
from nis tomato farm, near White Haven, <
and tells a thrilling story of a battle with i
alligators. Dalton's partner, J. B. Lover
ing, drove a wagon, to which two horses
were attached, into Lake Winterset, to fill
some barrels with water. While Lovering j
was at work the horses began to scream in !
mortal agony, and he realized that they
were being attacked by alligators. The j
horses plunged violently, but uoon fell
down, their legs having been broken.
When the horses fell the 'gators rose
and began to tear the bodies of the
animals. Lovering had a Winchester,
and began firing at the 'gators, hoping to
drive them away. The shots, however,
increased the anger of the saurians, and
they made a rush for the wagon and over
turned it. Lovering, holding to the rifle,
fell into the water near a big 'gator, which
immediately made for him. As the
'gator came Lovering thrust the rifle into
its mouth and fired, the bullet inflicting a
[ mortal wound. In his death agony the
saurian swung its tail and knocked Lover
ing out of the water and onto the beach,
twenty feet away. At this juncture Dal
ton arrived and draeged Lovering away,
as the 'gators were again rushing for him.
Assistance was procured and the horses
and wagon pulled out. The horses were
dead, having been horribly maneled by
the 'gators. It is thought Lovering drove
his team into a den of 'gators, judging
i from the number that was seen. — Florida
i Times- Union.
An Old-Time Doctor.
Dr. Hiram Corson of Philadelphia, who
i has just died, in his ninety-second year,
i was one of tne best-known old-time doctors
jin the country. "For more than sixty
I years," says the Philadelphia Times, "he
j was the presiding genius of the whole
Piymouth region, the guide, philosopher
and friend of everybody, and there prob
ably never was" a man who had
! helped more people into the world,
j though doubtless some have helped
I more out of it. His general family
practice was as successful as it
was extensive, and it is one of the remark
! able things about him that while he never
turned his back on tne accumulated wis
dom of the elders, he was always a pro
gressive doctor. He was one of the most
earnest of the old-time abolitionists, and
one of the most level-headed, so that he
actually accomplished more for humanity
than many that were more heard of. It
was a fine type, that of the old general
practitioner, who joined the rugged man
hood of the country with the learning of
the town, and the university should honor
the memory of Hiram Corson among its
great alumni."
At the Czar's Coronation.
The United States army will be repre
sented at the coronation of the <;zar of
Russia by Major-General A. McD. Me-
Cook, retired, and Captain George P.
Scriven, Signal Corps, military attache of
the United States embassy at Rome. Or
ders to that effect have been issued by the
Secretary of War. It so happens that there
is no military attache at the St. Petersburg
legation at present. General McCook, be
ing a retired officer, under ordinary cir
cumstances could attend the ceremonies
only as a private citizen. His special
designation as a representative or the
United States army, however, will give
him an oiiicial standine and insure him
much greater consideration by the Rus
sian officials than he could otherwise ex
pect. When designated he was in Rome,
but it is understood he is now in P»xia.—
Washington Post
2526
THE LATEST FASHION
GOSSIP FOR
WOMEN AND MEN
LAST Sunday our women were cer
tainly, in most erases, correctly at
tire i, as East it is no longer con
sidered good form to appear in
new hatd or gowns on this joyful
occasion.
Some of the young people have been
Having a gay dancing party this week, and
never were the gowns prettier or fresher,
and I beard some one remark that the
girls who had observed Lent the most
strictly seemed to enjoy the dance the
most. I hear that until the trunks are
packed for the social ball will be kept
roiling.
The very popular bride and groom who
live on the top of a hill are being eener
aily entertained. A large reception and
several dinners will be given this week in
their honor.
There was a large tea in Oakland this
week, and not a few invitations were sent
over here. There was a crowd, so that
means that the affair was a success, and
one matron present I mi-took for one of
the girls, she was so deliciously pretty in
a crisp, cool toilet of lovely pale blue taf
feta. It had little stripes of pink roses and
a dainty bit of a vest. The wearer had
truly wonderful flaxen hair, which was
surmounted by a gold filagree comb; but
tn'en, to be sure, on all sides I heard this
lovely womnn declared to be the most
beautiful woman in Oakland. Another
belle was tastefully attired in a skirt of
heavy white satin, and a Louis XVI coat
of corded silk, embroidered with a small
yellow flower. The gracefully draped vest
was 01 a yellow s-ilk. The stock was of a
shade of green velvet, most becoming, and
a )>;ind nf the same completed the short
elbow puffed sleeves. A piquante brunette
was effective in a corn-colored silk gown,
shot with golden lights and covered with
crimson poppies.
The Colonial Dames held their last
meeting of the season on Tuesday, the
7th in?:., at the hospitable home on one of
the corners of Polk and Geary streets. A
most interesting historical" paper was
delightfully read by the hostess, which
cave rise to many pleasant reminiscences.
Unique and delicious refreshments were
offered the ladiet, one of the courses hav
ing been prepared from a recipe-book pub
A DAINTY BOUSE DRESS.
lished during the seventeentn century.
Almost every Dame was present. This
organization of women is the most ex
clusive in the United States, many of our
most prominent social and literary women
being members.
I regret that the Century Club breakfast
will take place too late for me to tell you
anything about it this week.
On Monday evening I trust the Occi
dental parlor's may be crowded, as sweet
charity asks our aid and an excellent mu
sical programme will be presented.
The Century Club will be the scene of a !
large reception on next Saturday, as the i
membership of Sequoia is large and each !
daughter has three invitations at her dis- ;
posal. Men will not be lacking, so with \
such popular hostesses one of the most j
brilliant events of the season is antici- j
pated.
Wedding-bells will ring right joyfully
for more than one bonnie bride during the
coming week.
Hats and bonnets! I wonder if women
ever really become indifferent to genuine
Parisian conceptions composed of flow
ers and leathers, straw and horsehair,
velvets and ribbons, buckles and pins.
Perhaps the new woman may find noth
ing interetting in an "opening, 1 but the
average woman is quite ready to listen to
any amount of news concerning these in
teresting frivolities, as the most lovely of
toilettes are spoiled unless properly com
pleted by a chic chapeau. One 1 should
not object to owning has a rim wreathed
with violet pansies and a crown covered
with a delicious pleated frill of green tulle,
a mass of violet flowers are beneath the
brim at the back and a violet osprey is at
the left side. Another equally pretty is
made of green straw with a double filling
of shot green silk round the crown, which
is tilled with the most delicate creeper
leaves. This hat has a lining of white
crinoline, and at the back there is a bunch
of white cowslips which rests on the hair.
A hat just designed is of gray straw,
Etriped with very narrow black velvet rib
bons, has a battlemenied brim, and re
minda me of the Henry IV style. The
only trimming consists of white camellias.
A charming little bonnet— a Paris — has a
crown of white satin, ornamented with an
applique of brocaded flowers upon it,
traced with sequins. A group of black
quiiia set iv a bow of tulle, clasped with a
diamond ornament, forms the sole trim
ming. A bonnet of black straw with a
diadem of emeralds and diamonds and a
group of black and green quills at one
side and a ribbon of a roseate hue tied at
th* back may correctly be called stylish,
as may also a fanciful" black straw, deco
rated with small white straw balls, white
and black feathers nod over the crown. A
single bunch of rich crimson roses give the
needed touch of color, and I must not
forget to tell you that the "Hebe"
toque, when composed of gold straw,
with a black crinkled cnnoline
brim and beautiful with broad bows of
black tulle striped with cold straw and a
black osprey on the left sid^e. is well worth
contemplating. The "Doris" toque, made
of a black fancy chip and crinoline brim is
trimmed in front with rose leaves under
the brim and crushed roses. It is com
pleted by a bow of petunia velvet, which
has hjjrh upstanding ends, but I cannot
yet leave the hats, as the picture ones,
many of them, are appropriately so named.
One of bebe chip has a fold of mignonette
green velvet under the brim and a ban
deaux of roses, a plume of black tips and
another band of velvet round the crown.
Long strings of ribbon velvet the same
sharte of green extend gracefully from the
back.
A Versailles hat wjll probably be re
ceived with even greater favor. It has a
handsome feather mount at one side and
a bow of broad satin ribbon on the oppo
site side. Three handsome tips hang over
the brim.
. A smart cycling hat is to be had in Pan
ama straw. It is trimmed with black vel
vet ribbon and two upstanding quills. A
similar hat was made appropriate for a
young girl's best hat by placing shaded
dark green wings upon it, and a bunch of
delicate roses in shades of pink. While
thinking ofour pretty girls I see that a New
York authority remarks: A pretty hat
easily maae 13 suggested by selecting a
broad brim black tulle frame, covering it
iully with black tulle, and enwreathing it
with brim roses having quantities of lol
iage. Then tie broad tulle bows to stretch
across the hat, turn it up in the back with
tulle pompons and roses. A yet younger
fcirl. if she has a pretty color, will look
well in a white chip hat with a tulle scarf
wound round the brim. At the sides
should be upstanding plisse fans of tulle
and erect among the plisses should be a
bunch of roses.
The Panamas are now much seen and
are of the simplest description; for in
stance, one of brown straw is trimmed
with a black ribbon, three black quills and
a lovely bunch of cowslips. In the hands
of a good milliner these materials are ca
pable of making a stylish if simple hat
which will be useful on many occasions.
A traveling hat, worn by a faultlessly
gowned young matron, was of white twist
straw with a smart bow of black ribbon
velvet at one side, and a ruche of black
tulle surrounding the crown.
It is no easy matter to suggest a satisfac
tory hat for a middle-aged matron, so I
am glad to see the illustration of an excel
lent one. The brim is shallow at the back
and broad iv front, and has a rather tall
crown. This model is carried out in the
new fancy brilliant straw of a Tuscan
color. The brim is lined with black chip,
curving on one side like a Gainsborough,
while the opposite side has a pretty arch
apd droops close over the hair at the back.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
The trimming is entirely feathers, with an
osprey on one side. Lace or tulle and
ribbons may also be used, but tne feathers,
having a softening effect, are most be
coming.
Straw of a pink shade interplaited with
a narrow straw-colored beading is used for
a youthful hat, which is turned up at the
side, trimmed in the front and back with
honeysuckle and has on either side black
velvet rosettes, an osprey standing directly
in the center in front. This hat is an
Enelish model, for in France foliage is
used only at the back of hats, and in Lon
don, as usual, many floral toques will be
seen this year, for at the leading milliners
already toques composed of tulle and flow
ers are in great demand, and ivy has been
introduced into many of the spring models
with good results. Cowslips are in demand
for the time being. Bonnets having a
small high crown are coming in. Stylish
ones are seen of black and white straw.
A rioh little sackcoat in black poult de
! soie is possessed by one of last season's
debutantes. It has tiny, artistic sleeves, a
yoke richly embroidered in jet, which de
scends in strips to a front' of black ac
cordion pleated chiffon, through which is
seen the silk, which lines this odd gar
ment, ana it is a pink shot giace. A sim
ple cape for this season looks well on a
bright schoolgirl. It is of a line fawn-col
ored cloth, edged with knife plea tings of
changeable green glace silk, which' forms
a ruche around the neck. The lining is of
the same silk. The whale backed short
coat has again appeared and a good one
from a celebrated Louse is of a pale-green
cloth, trimmed and braided front and
back with black braid, and has a well
shaped collar and cuffs of white kid.
For a bride what could be prettier for
evening wear than a cape of miroir velvet
with a rich flounce of old yellow Venetian
lace put on with a ruching'of black chiffon
and further beautified with a wonderful
embroidery of various colors liberally
diamante? The once well-liked pelisse is
coming again into style. One handsome
model just completed for a stylish woman
is of pale yeilow and old ro.se brocade with
stolelike ends of rose-colored velvet with
an applique of yellow guipure. Another of
gray brocade was designed by the same
tirm and is trimmed down the" front with
treble ruchings of accordion-pleated gray
chiffon, and over each shoulder is a stripe
of grebe feathers caught with a bunch of
violets in front and a frill of soft lace. The
collar is a la Marie Antoinette and has
frills of tiny gray feathers.
Grebe makes a beautiful trimming and
I am sure you would all admire a cloak for
evening wear of gray satin, with a scroll
design on violet velvet. Grebe also edges
this garment. The sleeves are of the vio
let velvet. For the same purpose is a
quaint little coat of pearl gray satin, cov
ered with a large Moral design in yellow
and green. The bodire is formed of apiece
of black lace over yellow satin.
A stately grandmother is a picture in a
handsome mantle, in cape form, of black
poult de soie, which is covered with bead
embroidery and an applique of exquisite
guipure. A ruff of black chiffon completes
it, and this is edged with creamy Valen
ciennes.
For this same grandmother has been de
signed a theater wrap of a black brocade,
with bold figures in violet velvet. The
reveres, of the same material, are orna
mented. Two more reveres are of richly
beautiful lace and passementerie. This
entire wrap is lined with a changeable
mauve s;ttin.
One of the simplest and prettiest of
little capes was in one of our store-win
dows to-day. It consists of two pinked
ruffles by changeable blue taffeta silk,
over which were ruffles of knife-pleated
grass cloth, edged with white Valenci
ennes. The grass cloth used was the $1 50
per yard quality. Down the front the
grass cloth was laid in small pleats, two
small buckles apparently holding them in
place on each side. A lace edge ruche of
the grass cloth completed it. iSuch a capo
can very easily be made at home by any
woman at all clever with her needle.
A very excellent gown from the estab
lishment of a well-known English tailor is
made of an olive green face cloth, trimmed
and piped with a turquoise blue under
waistco'at. The front of the bodice is
traced with black and gold braid. The
same design appears on the skirt. The
initiated can understand the perfect suc
cess of this toilet when carried out by an
artist and the fearful looking affair most
tailors would make of it, for alas, artists
are few in number and hard to discover.
Very appropriate for Burhngame would
be a gown from the same establishment of
a drab Scotch tweed which has a touch of
blue in it. The waistcoat is a blue and
white check which repeats the tone of the
tweed.
From Redfern's comes a delightful
model of coarse-grained blue alpaca. The
coat is piped with wnite suede, a belt of
tl^e same being round the waist, the revers
displaying a front of lilac-tinted silk
florally patterned in a Louis Seize design
and striped down the center with a band
of the white suede embroidered in jet and
steel.
Canvas cloths are increasing in popu
larity. A dark blue one has been made
up with an unusually good bodice in the
Russian style of a full, loose, low bodice
over a high one. This one was worked all
over with minute horizontal rows of gray
cord, interspersed with pailettes and beads
in front; at the top of this was a straight
four-inch band of ecru lace, and inside the
neck, forming also the collar-band, was a
brilliant orance and white chine glace
silk; over this the skirt fastened with a
jeweled band. The sleeves are unusually
graceful. Many dressmakers say that the
Kussian blouse will shortly be much worn.
Numerous pretty bodices are being
trimmed with the new silk run lace.
Basques are small and most of the little
frills are edged with narrow black velvet
or ribbon.
Tbe gown I have had our artist copy for
you to-day is made of apple-green glace
nilk with a bodice pointed just below the
waist over a basque of cream-colored lace
of superior detail, the front embroidered
in a wondrous way with pale pink, blue
and green, with the leaves and flowers of
lace. Each side of the skirt is a cascade oj
lace. At the neck is a Medici effect of
collar formed by three tabs on either side,
trimmed with the embroidery and turned
back to show a jabot of lace over pink
chiffon.
Girls with lovely coloring will appre
ciate the description of a gown of cloth of
a pretty color. The skirt is plain lined
with green glace. The bodice is swathed
round the front, and over it falls a square,
bib-like piece of heliotrope velvet, over
which is a piece of beautifully embroid
ered grass lawn. Three small straps of
emerald green satin fastened with diamond
buttons appear at the neck, where there is
draped a collar of grass lawn turned over
with tabs lined with green. The tout en
semble is delightfully springlike and
higniy artistic, but such a gown can only
be successfully carried out by one of the
best of our dressmakers.
The second illustration is of a simple but
elegant gown of lose-colored moire. It
has a yoke effect of white net wonderfully
embroidered in sequins, under which is
white satin. The fashionable sleeves
wrinkle lo the waist. The hair of the
pretty woman represented as wearing this
frock is arranged in the latest style, the
1 ompadour puffs being very becoming to
oval faces.
A slim maiden with fluffy golden hair
will be much admired this summer when
arrayed in a gown of black-striped blue
chine silk. Tne skirt is trimmed with a
fourteen-inch ruffle. The waist has odd,
square-cut revers, which are covered with
black and cream applique lace, and the
vest is of light blue chiffon, accordion
pleated, and is crossed by dainty little
straps of black ribbon, with two good
paste buttons on either side.
A young married woman, with dusky
hairand dark-brown eyes, will emphasize
her charms when arrayed in a dress of
iniroir moire of an odd" shade of apricot.
The skirt is perfect in its absolute sim
plicity, but the bodice is delightfully
elaborate. The sleeves wrinkle to the wrist,
where they are finished with a fall of lace.
The vest is of a lighter shade of apricot
and of chiffon and has on either side straps
of miroir green velvet, which are covered
with the same costly lace which appears at
the wrists. Pine buttons of blue stone are
placed at intervale along the straps. The
A R£CIIERCHE TOILET.
finishing touch is given by a belt of truly
exquisite passementerie.
A gown of soft black broche, with spots
of silver gray, has a skirt with a novel
drapery and a bodice trimmed with tine
black lac-*, and rosettes of black satin rib
bons. This is most appropriate for a ma
tron whose hair is beginning to be touched
with silver.
Smart women will, many of them, in
clude in their summer outfit an eveninc
gown of black and white silk, as they do
not appeal to the taste of ordinary people,
and, as I remarked previously, a skirt of
cream-white mohair, heavy Digue or serge,
will be in great vogue again, and the most
chic of silk bodices and shirtwaists will be
worn with them. Speaking of shirts re
minds me that one of the favorites is com
posed of the finest linen lawn, embroid
ered by hand, with a small turned-down
collar at the neck; the cuffs match the
collar, all being edged with a small frill of
real Valenciennes Jace. These shirts may
be had in all of the new and delicate
shades and cost |15, as the insertions
used are of unusual fineness and are intro
duced with excellent effect. The grass
linen shirt with frills of itself, lace edged,
is not to be despised.
The Spanish flounce is to be much u-?ed
on our petticoats and organdy skirts.
Such skirts should not be gored at all, so
that they may be drawn with cords for a
distance below the waist or pressed into
side pleats the entire length of the back
widths. This produces an excellent effect,
but the skirt must be pressed each time it
is worn.
Elbow sleeves will be the rule for ail but
street gowns. Beige grass linen is becom
ing to almost ail complexions, so large
quantities are being sold, and for warm
weather it is much lighter and more com
fortable than the heavier linen twills
Such frocks are simply and daintily
trimmed with many yards of lace and rib
bons.
This season collets or short collars differ
from those of last by being much more
elaborately and beautifully trimmed.
Felix is making up some that add a
greater luster than ever to his name.
I wonder if the little girls ever think I
do not write about their frocks frequently
enough. Well, at all events, I think
about you all very frequently, and to-day
I want you to read these few lines from
Vogue, as they so nicely express just what
Iwished tp speak about this week. In
New York such a gown would cost $13 50,
but if you mane it at home it will be much!
less expensive.
"A most exquisite little frock is made of
plain twine-colored batiste. The batiste
is laid in a broad box pleat in the middle
of the bodice in front, either side of the
pleat bordered with very line Swiss em
broidery of a lacy pointed" pattern. From
the shoulder, either side of the embroidery
runs a black velvet ribbon to the waist,'
where it is ended with a full rosette of the
embroidery. There is a large pearl button
in the center of the rosette. Around the
high standing collar at the neck the velvet
nbbon is loosely laid, and the embroidery
turns back over the velvet in a loose
collar."
Many mothers complain about the chil
dren s dresses shrinking and losing their
color In the first place cotton goods
should always be shrunk before they are
cut out and in the second place 'it is
cheaper in the end to purchase expensive
materials, well dyed, and send them to a
good laundry if you cannot have them
done up at home. Blue washes better than
pink and I have seen a dear little frock of
pa]e-green French chintz which has been
many times in the washtub without becom
ing more than half a shade pnler. It has a
deep collar of white muslin edged with
lace, and two rows of insertion make it
one of the daintiest of garments.
Cheviot is quite a favorite material
for very active young ones, as it is so
stout and strong. Gingham will always
be useful, and a pink one with a little
black thread has three pieces of white in
sertion down the front laid over black
satin ribbon. A black ribbon encircles the
waist, and two frisky bows are perched on
the shoulders. The short puffed sleeves
have a similar band of insertion. A small
but very plump little daughter looks re
markably well in this dress.
The fichu continues to flourish greatly,
and I thoroughly recommend using mous
seline de soie instead of silk mull, or
chiffon, that is, if expense is any object;
as, if you pay $1 50 per yard for the raous
seline de soie.it will stand cleaning; in
fact, it will also look fresb for a longer
time than either of the other fabrics, but
the mull and chiffon look like a rag very
quickly, and thus far I have not found
any means of renovating them.
femall Dresden buttons, displaying ex
quisite flowers, are to be seen on many
stylish summer costumes. Now that
there is such a rage for delft china I ex
pect to see delft buttons; in fact, I am
surprised that I have not yet heard of their
appearance.
There is a decided tendency shown to
overtrim hats, especially the "large ones,
which should most emphatically be
fought, as no matter how perfectly a
woman may otherwise be clad a topheavy
appearance spoils the tout ensemble com
pletely, and as we must wear our hats as
far over the iforehead as possible, this ap
pearance is hard to avoid. However,
after we have worn our hats well forward
for a while the trimming will be better
understood.
Wise young women have ceaseil to wear
dowdy dresses when receiving at teas,
comprehending that a perfectly fresh,
crisp muslin is preferable to a soiled satin.
As a result most of the girls look unusu
ally fetching, even when only women are
invited, for women dress quite as much for
each other as for the approval of the other
sex.
White gloves are vanishing, excepting
for evening wear— fashionable calls. One
of the poorest economies in the world is to
purchase so-called cheap gloves, for, to
quote a remark Charles Kingsley made
about something else, they are * "cheap
and nasty." Marcella.
TOE MEN.
If a black cutaway is not desired a brown
or gray is stylish for semi-morning wear.
An excellent suit can be made from plaid
in which gray and black are the keynote,
with just a thread of red running through
the symphony. Scotch goods or cheviots
should be selected, as never have we had a
more excellent selection to choose from.
Trousers are being cut straight with a
sprint bottom, but they must not be too
full, and $15 should not be grudged for a
well-made pair.
White waistcoats should only be worn
in the evening and white gloves with
black stitching have never been worn in
the streets in this country, although they
have been by extremists, as a fad, in botn
London and Paris, but our men have had
the good sense to wear them with their
frock coats at afternoon weddings only.
Sack coats should never be made with a
fly front, as fashionable men will not wear
them.
Waistcoats are to be made moderately
high.
More gray and checked cloths are being
imported than any other kinds, and some
tailors have not yet relinquished the idea
that they can eventually persuade men of
fashion shortly to appear ia snuff-colored
frock coats.
It ia a positive fact that among the pat
terns of linens for shirts just recived in
New York there is one of "a dim green
with pink stripes and at intervals large
yellow roses." It seems impossible that
any one would wear such a design. "It re
cajls," as Him says, "one of the hideous
old wallpapers which used to disfigure our
grandparents' rooms," and this authority
says that for his part he intends to select
"tne dark marine blues, the vivid cinna
mon pinks and the deep lilacs in stripes,
and these colored backgrounds with rJeur
de-lys upon them; or, again, a few of
white, on which are sprayed dainty
bunches of forget-me-nots or simple
branches of black and blue, or, perhaps, a
tiny garland of coral." Now, all such
things are matters of taste, but assuredly
1 will never be seen groing around with
forget-me-nots wandering over my manly
chest, and the new greens and yellows I
will carefully avoid, and then there are be
ing shown East some absolutely absurd
patterns also for shirts in tartan plaids.
"Him" remarks: "I am told by the high
English authorities that the London man
intends returning to the flower-pot silk
hat, such as we sometimes meet in Leech's
sketches, or again, see on the boulevards
of the other side of the Seine— those ot the
Latin quarter. Shall we all resemble these
queer French artists, who are very pic
turesque with the Luxembourg and its
stiff gardens and rectangular beauties for
a background. Ido not wish to look as if
I came from an insane poster. In the
United States the Dunlap hat has a very
narrow brim and a somewhat bell-shaped
crown. The brim is curled a little. The
Derbies are low in the crown and brown in
color. The radius of the straw hat at this
early season has not yet been determined "
C. C.
If you ache or get hurt, havo sore throat or
tonsilltis, try Mitchell's Magic Lotion. •
BAB DISCUSSES DRESSES
The Colors and Shades the
Blondes and Brunettes
Should Wear.
PALE BLUE FOE DARK WOMEN.
The Sweet Rcss Pink Is for the
Golden-Haired and Gives Them
Lovely Color.
NEW YORK, April 7, 1896. — There
was no doubt about it. She was an
artist in dressmaking. But unfortunate
ly for the rest of the world she had in
some way or another inherited millions,
so that she was not a dressmaker, and
could oniy give her friends advice. Most
of them listened and refused to accept it.
I am among the few who appreciate her.
So, when I said "white," she looked at me
and answered: "On you? With your
pale face? Never, unless you nave it in
some soft, woolen stuff, which will seem to
drape you and make soft folds, forcing the
white "to seem caressing, whereas if it were
in silk or satin you would appear like a
frightened corpse chasing around in search
of your past sins. Women don't consider
fabrics enough; they seem to think that if
they get a color that is becoming nil is at
tained; and yet, take a stout woman and
put her in black satin — she looks three
times her 196 pounds. Put her in black
cashmere, or black cloth, properly made,
and you speak of her as plump, and won
der that anybody ever called her fat.
"Then there is blue — people have an
idea that every young girl can wear it. It
makes the dainty blonde maiden, who
ought to look like one of Watteau's young
women — and they are, always excepting
their waists, perfect representatives of
health — look like a frozen lady, a iady who
might have been picked up at the "north
pole. Here there is no cjuestion of fabric;
pale blue belongs exclusively to the bru
nette. It has a curious way, even if the
brunette has a sallow skin, of making that
skin look less sallow and more olive.
Pink, the veritable sweet rose color, fades
when it is put on a brunette. From the
color standpoint, she is too strong for it,
while on the blonde it retains all its own
beauty, makes her cheeks glow, brings out
the gold of her hair, while the blue of her
eyes by contrast, match the June sky.
You are the type that want red — brilliant,
glowing red. Not crimson, not purplish
red, but the clear, bright red that is always
the envy of the Quakeress. A bit of it in
your hat makes your eyes brighter, makes
your dull hair glossier, and shed's, uncon
sciously, a shadow of itself on your pale
checks. The average woman doesn't value
red as she should. There ought to be a set
of red rosettes in the chest of drawers in
every woman's dressing-room, for there
always comes a day when she needs them.
"Black? Black, like white, is the refuge
of the aillicted, and yet, bow smart a black
tailor-made gown is! How elegant a black
velvet dinner dress is! And how beauti
ful a black tulle, spangled with gold be
comes when it is worn by the belle of the
ball ! 1 have never been able to agree with
the elder Worth in his dislike of black,
lie claimed that black in bringing out
beauties also brought out defects, and
that elderly women who wore it simply
intensified their lack of youth and the
number of their wrinkles.
l 'Oh,yt's; I remember very well when
you wrote and asked him to send you a
black dinner dress. And there arrived a
black satin, elaborate with rosettes and
trimmings, that shaded from rose pink to
deep magenta. And you wept. And wept
bitterly. And wore the frock but once,
and felt the night you wore it that if it had
been a rippling stream, near some town,
NEW TO-DAY.
************ ********
: DRESDEN CLOCK, $2.60.
Porcelain Clocks, hand-painted in
colors and gold, are very popular.
Eight handsome styles co on sale at
one-third less than regular prices
until Wednesday night— sl 80, $2 25
$2 45, $2 60 and $4 00. The clock
shown above at $2 60 is eight inches
high. See them in the window.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE-
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve' $.
WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
22 Geary St. Jear Kearny.
Black Figured Alpaca— 4oc Yard
Black Figured Mohair— soc Yard
Black Figured Mohair— 7sc Yard
Black Figured Mohair— s1 00 Yard
Black Figured Mohair— sl 25 Yard
Black Figured Sicilian— 7sc Yard
Black Figured Sicilian— sl 00 Yd
* 48-inch Fine Freuge
Serge— sOc yard.
8y Carrying only Black Goods, we
can offer our patrons by far a
larger assortment than can be
found elsewhere, and at the very
lowest prices.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
you would have been damned by all thosa
who had to endure it. Then you did a
very wise thing. You had all the trim
ming taken off, and cast the bodice, garish
with crimson, to one side. There was
made for you a black broadcloth train
which contrasted magnificently with
the satin sides and front, and to
go with this there was a bodice
composed partly of broadcloth and
partly of satin, with sleeves of satin,
crossed by bands of jet; just such a sleevo
as Marguerite of Valoise wore. Ihere
Worth made one of his mistakes. Black
is becoming to some women, but unfortu
nately early in his working days this artist
in dressmaking saw what is known as 'the
best black silk' of an American woman,
and lie shuddered. It was coarse of grain
and scant of skirt; it was titled so that the
lack of bust was conspicuous and tha
sleeves were so tight that an easy move
ment of either arm was impossible. He
told me this himself, so I never blamed
him for not wanting to send black
dresses to American women; but remem
ber always what I say that whether
you are young or old, slender or
stout there are wonderful possibilties
in black, provided always you choose the
right fabric and then dispose of your ma
terial properly. 1 remember once when
I was in a fashionable tailor-shoo I met
Mrs. Embonpoint, who is a great friend of
mine; she said: "Oh, my dear, aren t
these tailor-made gowns fine? These per
fectly simple gowns mean so much to the
women who are inclined to be stout. And
I looked at her with dismay. The woman
who had made her stays culled her
in at the waist and so forced the extra
llesh to go above and below the waist
line in a way that was not artistic, and,
although the tailor did not want to do it,
she insisted on having a plain, close-nttin(j
skirt and an equally plain bodice. And
the result? Well, the result was that all
the fat was brought out to advantage, to
doubtful advantaee, where a few folds ol
the material might have hid it, and be
tween staymaker and her own lack of
artistic dressing, Mrs. Embonpoint looked
more like the minute glass with which I
time my eggs at breakfast than a well
shaped woman. And, my dear, with this
she was going to wear one of those new
hats wreathed with roses! And nature
gave her a long nose!
"You know one of those poke-over hati
worn by a woman with a long nose make 9
her look like the essence of curiosity in
feminine form. A hat tilted way over the
face has a reason for existence; but it is
for the girl with the over-high forehead or
the tip-tilted nose, and every other type
should let it severely alone." Bab.
NEW TO-DAT.
CITWIMS
Colored Dress Goods !
Oar immense assortment of all the
Latest Fabrics lias been further aug-
iuented by the addition of mauy foreign
NOVELTIES!
JUST RECEIVED—
We fall particular attention to the
following
SPECIALS!
25 pieces 55-inch All-
wool Mohair Serge 7Ca
(navy blue only), fJu
worth $1 Per Yd
15 pieces 50 -inch
Two - toned Cre-
pons, very stylish 0» 00
and choice color- %} |— -
ings Per Yd
25 pieces 38-inch Im- Eft A
ported All - wool JUu
Plaids Per Yd
18 pieces 40 - inch
Silk and Wool QJ .00
Novelty Suitings, \J\ —
Jacquard figure. . . Per Yd
20 pieces 49 -inch 01,50
Rich Iridescent^ I —
. Mohairs Per Yd
SE UARLA KSPAXOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Qeary and Cirant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.
mn corset bouse.
JUST RECEIVED-A LARGE INVOICE OK
Long-Waisted P. I>. Sans Rival Corsets.
V. X*. v la irene Corsets,
Celebrated Hoyal C. T. Corsets,
Jblegant >'. T. French Cor.nnta,
C'uriviiifii Werly Corsets,
Bicvole Corsets.
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XT
PAKISIAN CORSKT and THE
OL(iA CO SET.
t*
We have no branch store on Market street.
an° y U ad I dVe 8 8 t 9 l : ated - Catal °S»« ••«* free to
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
M^F «« STAKE IN OUB ADDRESS
3V^- FREUD cfe SO3NT
74a-744 narket St. and 10-12 Grant Ay«.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMAUY OV THE MARKKTS.
Silver n fraction off.
Bank Clearings gain 3.?0&
Wheat Futures lower.
*'therCeieais qniet.
Hay in light receipt.
fteane dulL
Potatoes firm. Onion, vorv stiff.
Green Peas lower.
Butter weak. Cheese dec ined.
Ranch Eggs still advancing.
Hens lower and dull.
Some poor Cherries came in.
Fresh supplies of Limes received.
Increased receipts of Strawberries^
Drlea Fruit unchanged.
Provisions as befor*.
Gooseberries in market.
explanation.
. tT!" t RrrwtMulth tfl "int. The top fitrnN*
•t nation ln<llca msxim.im temperature for the
??&'r\ se un<l<; rne »th tt.lf any, the anvuintof
la.n m, oi meited snow in inches and hundredihs,
Brine the s.s t twelve hours. Isobsrg, or solid
lines, -.or-nec- points of 'ual alr pressure; iso
thrnv. C.OIL.? Ot!0'1 lines, eual temperature. The
word ■ -high' means dl?h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
re.er to low ptessure, and is usually precede* and
accompanied by cloudy weaiheraml rains. -Lows"
t-siißlly tirst appear on the Washington ccirU
vn bea the presaaic is hl«h In the interior and low
•JOng tl.p COa ' and lh Ko;>ars extend north and
•ouih aloriKthe coast.'rain is probable; but when
u»e low is inclosed witn Isobars of maritcd curva
tuiv ra 1 n uth of (regoa is improbable. With r.
» i!f :n the vlclnlt >' of Idaho, and the pressure
i»llin? to the California coast, warmer weather may
t>e e^P«cted ia summer aud colder weather in win
»*r. r.je reverse of thess condition* will produar
%n «ppo»iteretuiu
WEATHER KUKEAU RKPORT.
Uxitkd States rEPARTUEXT of agkicci/-
TtJBE, WEAIHEB Bukkau, SaN Francisco,
April 11, 1896, 5 p. it. Weather conditions and
general forecast: '
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
«s compared with those of the same date '..- sea
son: Eureka 35.65. last season 39.24; Ked BlniT i
17.16, last season 27.73: Saa Francisco 17.11, las-:
season 89: Fresno 5.99, last season 18.16: s:.n
Luis Obispo 15.87. last season 24.90: Los Angeles
8.68, last seasun 15.45; San Dieso 5.78, las: season
1V90: Yuma .BS, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Enreka
66, Red Bluff 6-J. San Francisco 57." Fr.-sno 64,
an Luis Otuapo 56, Los Angeles 64, San Uie<ro 6i!,
V oma 7*.
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 45, tuean 61.
The following rainfall has occurred in Ca'lfor
nla during the paat twenty- four hours: Eureka
.06 of mii Inch.
The pressure Is hichesr this evening in Xorthern
California, but Is now falling along the coast of !
Washington and Oregon, and cloudy weather pre- j
vails from San Francisco northward anil raiu is I
falling alone the coast from Kureka northward. I
The storm is apparently ceutral west of Washing
ton and niovinK northeastward. This will prob
ably cause showers snnJay in Northern California.
.forecast nißiie at sm Francisco for thirty hours
ending midniKht, April 12. 1896:
.Northern California— showers in all but extreme
southeast portion Sunday and throughout the
northern portion to-night; brisk to high southerly
winds on the northern coas'.
Souther: California— Fair Sunday; fresh to brisk
westerly (rinds
Nevada— Partly cloudy -uriday.
I'tah— Partly cloudy and somewhat warmer
Sunday.
: Arizona— Probably fair Sunday; warmer in the
ea«t portion.
ban Francisco and vicinity — Showers Sunday;
brisk southerly winds.
\V. 11. Haumon*. Forecast Official.
NEW TORE MAUKETa.
Finauclal.
FW YORE, N. V., April 11.-Stocks were dul
and neglected to-day. Total sales were only 36,000
shares, Suirar was the most active stock on the
list. It coes without saying that the trading was
wholly professional in character. The market
was inclined to work bigher, the offer of the Presl
dent's frien'lly Hrvioes to Spain iv tiie Cuban
ma;tf-r havincr been lavorably construed by the
trading piemen) . '! be UOV< rnmeiii crop report for
April ha 1 no iofiaenoe. The grangers, in fact,
■r ere slightly bUcberall crourdonjtaterafnisth.it
the growing wheat ■••'•-; of Lhe Mississippi nud not
I>* eij t>er)ously injured and lh«t conditions had im
provi d since th Ist of the month.
In the iudus'rlals >u;ar nas the feature, ana
rose to 1183'g. UtaieaicoOas movwi uptoßS^i;
■•• -..•' Kleciric to 38y s : To:);. ceo to ,*-4. aud
Leather preferred to 01%. the uarlcei closed
dull and firm, net • hanges snowlnz advances of i/ s
(t'^-rf percent In the general list and y ß ©l^s per
cent in the Industrials.
The i.ojifi markei was dull and easier. Bales
footed up (648,000. Kansas racilic eonsol sixes
< i-r'.ili'.;. feil iy 2 to 73; Kansas and Texas fours,
4»i to 5,. : Louisville. .\>-.\ A loan and < bicago
etnera! fives, 6 - to 7i'3' 8 ; Nickel Plate fours. 5/ a
tol02V&: Ohio Southern ilxe*, Va to 93.
In Oovernaieni bond jTIH.OOU coupon fours of
1907 t,r-ich: 309i/fe(s,lU9»i, an<2 $I'_\ooo do of
H?'.'s rial i?J .
Grain.
FI.OUR— DoII, firmer: winter wheat, low
mules, 4.2 -Jfira/i 90; <I<> fair to fancy, $2 85®
8 90: •10 patents, 90(i£4 25: Minnesota clear,
50(0.3 15: do straits, f3(ji3 50: do patens.s
*S4s<g l 4 35; low extras. *2 *.:s<a2 90; city mills,
.*J ]«><fc.4 'JO; do patents, $4 XOal 50: rye mixture,
*-2 ftO£B 30: superfine, f^(a>si.s; flrn-, $_7a.2 30.
Southern flour unchanged, quirt. Itve Hour, ciuiet.
steady at £2 65@2 85.
HUCKVVHfcAT— 4O@4Ic.
CUK.NMEAL- Dull, unctiaujjed.
RY — Unchanged.
KARI.KY — L'n hanged.
WHEAT— Firmer, witli options; No. 'Z r»>cl. store
and elevutor, 82i/4c; afloat, B><»ic; f. o. U, S3V {g)
841,4 c: uiigmdea rea. 64©S5c; .\o. 1 Northern.
Options opened firm and advanced 114 c on the
(iovernment report, with local shor.s covering and
ihe Wei', and i.uroi* hicher: declined %O%C on
realizing: rallied i/^c on tor»-;^n tjuylriK, cios.ns*
firm at * ) l a® 3 A c over yesterday, with aiairtiala.
Miiy uu'i July most active. No. 2 red: April,
75Vfcc: May, 73»4c; June, 72% c; July ana t*ep
tember, 728/8 C
COKN-Dull: scarce; stronger. No. 2, 41i/ c ele
vator; 42y c alloat.
Options dull andMrm at unchanged prices to y e
ilecilne with only v local trade. Apzfi, 37c; .May,
38c: Ju y, 86» C: Beptember, 38c.
uaTS— Dull.
Options dall; weaker. April, 25Vic; May, 24y 2 c;
No. 2 white, May, 25V2C- .
Hpot prices: No. M, isVac: No. 2 white, 26VaC:
No. 'i ChltHKO, 26V2C: No. 8, 24V»c; No. a wrnte,
1 -, c; mixed Western, 25@2b'V2 : dowlilte and
white BUte, 26@29c
ProTlsloni.
BEEF— Dull; unchanged. Beef bams quiet.
fl4 60@15. Tierced beef, slow; steady. City ex
tra India mess, $19fa.15C0. Cut meats, active:
uncliaiiKed. ~ < < SMC!9IS9E33RSB9 a
L.AHD— Qrilet; firmer. Western steam, S6 32i/ 2 ;
city, $4 80; May, lfs 37y 2 . Heflned, dull; con
tinent. 15 CO; boutfa American. .*>6: compound,
46'»!g4' l /ic ;
I-UKK— Qniet, steady. Mess, S9@9 50: new
nies-9. $l()©10 25.
BUT'IKK — Kulrly aotlve and s'early; Western
cr»-amery, 10(g,16c; do, factory, : B@ll y 3 c others
uncbariKeo. 1
CHKKSi:— moderately active; State,
larje, C@loVic: do, fancy, 10©14 c: do small. 6@
lU-^4c: part ■.iiimi, 3@70: full skims. iy 2 @2Vic.
l-joOS-Quiet, less steady: State and fenneyl
vanla, llfillyjc; '-outliefti. ll^-aric.Western
fresh, I2@l2y c: duelc, 20iSi23c; koo.sp. 35@40c
TALLOW-oieady. City", SAc: coantry, 3y 2
3f/ec .' 
i"'TTOXHKKD OIL-Crudo," 21% c; yellow,
pr i™^!»H5 %c: do ' O<T Krade, 25yaa '
<ajV5«,, • ~~ rm ; Strained common to good, $1 76
I VJIf'KNTfNE-Dull: steady/ a 8V 2 «2flc. '
i/w'. A T i >;fe;s -Uuipt. itermudas. $4ia,7 60.
itiufc— domestic fair to extra, 3(&5%c; Japan, 4
-VOi.ASSES-Flnn. n pw Orleans open kettle,
FOod to cholro, 27@37c
. COFFF.K— Unchanged to 5 points up: steady.
-lay. $12«5@12 95; Jtin>-,»12 60: July, $)2 JO;
bepteniber. $11 20@ll 25: December, ?10 70;
i3^- c c ' * 10 60 - I*° iUo dull, steady: • No - 7. ,
SUjAR-Kaw, dull, quiet; fair refining, 3%c; I
SLjAR-Haw, dull, quiet; fair refining, 3%c:|
centrifugals 96 test, SVic Refined active,
tirm, unchanged.
I'rult and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FKUITS—
APRICOTS-Baes, 9%C4>12a
PEACHES— Peeled. ia<aisc: unpeeied, 4@o%c.
PRL NEK— Fonrslzes.s@ 614 -
RAlMNS—ciußters. 91 26@1 40: do London lay
ers, 80(o;90c; do three-crowu, 3iA@3yac; do four
crown, 4fitsc.
ALMoNDS— Ssoft-sh»li, 7i^.@Bc; do paper-shell,
ll®l2c.
• WALNUTS— Standard, 6V'2® 7c : do soft-shell,
o^^lOc. .
Hops— Quiet: steady. State common to choice,
4iaßv<sc; Pacific Coast, 2y»®Bc.
WOOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 26@3'Jc;
pulled, 16@33c; Teias, 9@l2c
Merchandine.
PIG IRON— Moderate! active; American, 911
@13 60.
COPPER-Easy: lake, $11 75.
LEAD— Easy; domestic, $8 01.
TlN— Easy; straits. #13 30@13 35; plates dull.
BPtLTEK-Steady: domestic, £i 15.
CHICAGO 3IAIIKETS.
CHICAGO, iT.t,, April 11.— Government's
estimate en winter wheat, 77.1 per cent, was con
sidered bullish, and on the curb yesterday prices
advanced over a cent above where they closed.
This tnorning the opening was from G/fec to %c
above yesterday's final official Quotations, but the
crowd was not in an ecstacy over the outlook, the
knowledge that since April 1 the weather has been
more favorable to the plant tnan previous to that
time, tending to curb enthusiasm • neendered by
the Agricultural Department's statement. Argen
tine shipments for the week were 904,000 bush
els, which rather contradicted the claim that tne
exportable surplus of that country was about ex
haus'ed. Exports of wheat and flour .rom both
coasts for the week were light at 1,764,000 bush
els. Northwestern receipts showed an iucreasc,
434 cars arriving, against 475 for two days last
week and S6 a year ago. Liverpool cables were
firm and Vb<3 to A higher. Private advices, how
ever, reporting ihe advance are not sustained. Re
ceipts at Chicago were 11 cais. aud 148.400 bush
els «ere taken trom store. Aft< r the early strength
abated offerings beer.me free and prices gradually
receded, tinallv developing decided weakness and
breaking rapidly, until they were 23,4 c below the
openinc, which was also the outside for the day.
Closing Continental cables were generally higher.
Export clearances at Atlantic ports for 24 hours
asuregated 327.863 bushels. May wheat opened
from tit;3 <- to 1 jc, declined to 64V*c, closing at
J J •'•<•. seners, lVic under yesterday. Es.irnated
receipts for Monday, 15 cars.
< «>K:s— quiet and uuinterestiu^. Opening
higher, with wheat, .it afterward receded with
thai RTa'n. with the business at no time becoming
large enough to attract attention or cause com
ment. Receipts were 162 c.'.rs, and 48.151 bnnlifls
were withdrawn from store. Liverpool cables
were quiet and unchanged. Argentine shipments
of corn for the week amounted to 760,000 bushels,
ano American exports ascrecated 1,000 bush
els, apalnst 89.000 bushels for the previous one.
Atlantic seaboard shHiments for 24 hours «vere
245.81tt bnsliels. 51 >y corn opened at 300 10 30ysC,
declined to •- 9;"-f,c to 29»,ic, where it closed, Vie to
■ s/gc under yesterday. Estimated receipts for Mon
day, 190 cars.
Developed nothing particularly attrac
i tive. The to c merely reflected that of v.-hoftt,
I while boslneaa kept well within iiiuited propor
tions. It is said that a heavy "long" interest has
• been gradually created in oats, with the specialists
! working on the oDposite side to bring the property
• out. Beceipu were 173 cars, and 37,335 bushels
! were withdrawn from stor». May oats closed 4c
i under yesterday. Estioiatid receipts for Monday,
135 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 80y c: May, 87»4@
88c; Sept"mber, 8-V?c. Re-ceipts wera 13 cars.
PBO VISION S—Th« product marke: presented
room for improvement In a bust-ness way. The
tone Imbibed strength from the grain trade early
and also from encouraging reports from the yards.
Operations were of minor importance, however,
and soon after the op^nin? trading quieted and
prices settlfd in:o steadiness. May pors closed
7i 2 '-' l(lc higher, May lard unchanged and May
n&s 2V3C lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 63y 8 c 5 Ma 64R' 8 c; July,
65 B e.
COKN— 29V s @29i4c: May, 295/30293,40;
July, 30^ic.
oa'l>— .May, 19y a @195^c; July, 19%@19%c:
beptember, VOVsc
POKK— May, 62y>: July, S3 82Wi.
LAKD-ila'y, *507 July, $5 20.
lUBs-ilay. $4 5-jy 3 ; July, $4 67 y a -
Livestock.
UNION BTOCKYARDB, Ir,r- April 11 —The
supply of cattle to-day was too small to make a
n:arkeu Trade was therefore inactive. Quotations
were steady. llo^s were in limited supply and
firm. Des>rab>lo:s were 5c higher. The demand
for sheep was good. Prices heid steady ax yester
day's ti^ures.
CATl'i-t: — Receipts, 500. lancy beeves,
$4 50g4 60: choice to prime, 1300 10 1700 pound
steers. .J4i.'),a; 40: good to choice steers, 1-00
to 1600 pounds, $-i 9'J'a4 10: medium steers. 1000
to 1300 pounds. Z$ 25(013 -5: common steers, 950
I to 13U0 pounds. {S3 lliidi'S 75; choice leeders,
; 500 to 1150 poauds, $3 70^i.5 95; common 10 good
stockers. $J 00^.3 65: buns, choice to extra. $3@
3 40: bulls, poor to good, $175@2 75; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 6U<g>4; cows, fair to choice,
$2 -iUiS.^ 40: cows, poor to good canners. $1 sO'<£
t 'Att: veai calves, good to choi<-», *4 2A(«6 10; |
caives. common to good. $3(g4: Texas fed
steers. $3 25@4 10; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
ij2 251&3 25; milkers and sprlnsers, per head, $20
<&3«.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000. Heavy packing ana
suippinj lots. 96 65@3 85: common to choice
mixed. &3 65<g3 90: clioice assorted, $8 90®4;
light. $3 65&-TOS; pigs, $3(94.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Inferior to choice,
*2 75^0 80 ; laaibs, |4jl 70.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money aud Railroad
' ' Share*.
Money on rftrl is 6©6% v - Prime mercantile
paoer, 5Va36%. Bar silver, 68% c. MexicaD dollars,
64y±c. cierun? exchange easier, with actual r.o»
uess !n raiiKers' bills aL 94 87 s /i@4 88 lor 60 flays
and *i fc"B'U©4 89 for demand. Posted rat««, S4 bSy 2
@4 89 Va. Commercial bills, *4 86%@4 87 1
Government Minds firm; State bondsdull; rauro&a
bonds easier. Bilver at the board was neglected.
IJ.OKINS KTOCK%
jim Tel A. Cable.... 93 {Norfolk .6 Wes... Vz
ASCbISOB los/ a Preferred. BT'
Preferred .•• 23^' .Northern Paclno.. 1V 2
ACinii J!.xpress...l4s Preierred ,}. la r*
Alton.TerreUauis. 58 Kortnwestern. lO.iVs
American Express.ll2 Preferred 145
American Tobacco. »-3 7 /8 Y. Central »bV4
Preftrr«d 68 .Y. Chicaso&3.li 1*
V.r.y btate Uas 9 Istpreferred 75
Ealtimora Ohio.. IBV4 1 S.d preferred. J5
I-'ninstvicic Lands.. Va $• Y.& >'• H... 174
EnfTaio Roch <t f. I*> i.N. Y.& New Kng. 40
t«aa<J» PacUie.... 65y N. husq <St W... *V»
l«nada Southern.. I^ha Preferred „ 22
Ciatonund 60 1 Ontario. Hy a
C>nirai Paciiio I 3 ; Ontario & Western. 14
i : -e». <fc Ohio 15S/i Oregon Improvcit. 1
Cblc?.«o Alton 15* | Preferreo. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon Navigatloa 19
Chicago H. .t . '-i 78 Oregon Bhort I.lns. SVt
Chicago & K. 1U... 40% l I *clno Man 26
Preferred.. 300 ll'eona. D.&. Evan*, 2V»
Chicagouas tfß.v 8 Plttsburg & W pfd. 16
Cleve<s Pittsbur .l6O Pullman Palaoe...l6a
Consolidation Coat iiO Quicksilver _. I^4
Consolidated Gas.. 15^ ' Preferred. .. .. 15
C. C. C. <t at. Louii. 34y a lieaainz ... lOVs
Preferreu 85 KioOrande 18
Colo. Fuel S. Iron.. -^Va I'referrod „ 45_
Preferred P*> ißock Islana 70^8
Cotton Oil Cert.... 14V KomeWal &Ogdenll4
Commercial Cable. 160 fet. L. *b. W" 4Vs
Lei. Hndson.; 12(J 1 Preferred 10V»
Del.Lack<fcWeaternls9 /i >t. Paul 7o^'«
Denver K. u».... 12 1 Preierrad 125^
PrelerreCL 48 Bt. Paul<t Dulutb. H4
I istlllers 17%! Preferred.. »7
General i-ibctrlc... 33 Bt. Paul <fc Om»hJL. 38
trl» 148/b JPreferred. 121
Preferred .ii l*L P. M. &M. 11l
lort Wayns 160 (Silver Certincatos.. 68V4
GreatKorthernnfa.llo bouthern Paclflc... 19Va
tireenßay Va fcouinern iv. X..... 9
Harlem 29j> , Preferred......... 2»ya
HocklnsCoal - B ,i feugar Refinery.... 1 19 1 .»
Hocking VallSf... l<t 1 /*' Preferred. 100%,
Homestaue 3" Term. Coal <t Iron. 3u a /4
H. <t Texas Cent.. « i PreferrMl li»O
Illinois Central.... ©* I Texas Paclno .... 8
lowa Central....... 9 Tol.A.A.&N.Mica.—
Preferred 37 1101. AOhloCen.... 55
Kansas dfc Texas.-. lIS Preferred : 7«y3
Preierred 2Ci 1 ol.St.LouU <fc X.a 6y
Kln?Eton<& Pern... 3 Preferred 10
L«Jce Erie <fc Westa 17 Union Pac1f10...... B^/s
Preferred 70 L P.. Den. A Quit ,-W»
i »*o bbore 147 i/ 4 l .H. C0rd»m». ...... 4.^
Na'.ionai LeacL. 34y | Preferred _. 9
Preferred 87 | Guaranteed.... ._ 18V4
long Islana 81 |U. c. Express....^ 40
LcuiaTille & NmH. 495/B.C b. .i:,e;-. ..... hVa
Lou)evlUer»"aitCh. BVii Preferred. _ 6Kfi
1 Preferred Mi lO.aßuQber -.26%
Manhattan Consoi.] 1 0%| Preferred. Bf>
kJ*mpni»Jt cnarla. 15 lUilcaA, B. River.. 150
UexlcanCactral... 9%UVaU B. L. Pao.. 6?/g !
U Jchijran Central.. E.Vjl Preferred. l-t
ilinn 8. L I Wella-FarK0.. ...... 100
Preferred , Western Cniou.... 8 iy a
Inn. <t 8L L com. 19 jW'.sCentrat 8%
Ist preferred 78»/4| Wheeling Jt L. E.. »Va
Sdpreforred OOV4I Preferred. _ 3-' Vis
Missouri Paciao.... 249/ a Am Cotton Oil pfd. 11 '
Mobile * Ohio 22 ■|W U Beef 8
Nashville Chatt.... «8 Ann Arbor ....9
tonal Linseed.. IBMs Preferred......... 25'/ 2
j;. j. Cenirat lO'.^s Brooklyn Traction. 21 V«
>ortii American... 5 v»
no .- (ofnii
lF4n.rfe 108 i/ ii X T 2d* 68
Do, 4» coupon...'. Do, 4s . BtV a
45newreg.....117 Mutual Union 65... 11* ,
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..117 N J Cent Gen 55.. 1J 73/ 2
JDo. 2s 85 , Northern Pao Ist*. 1 1 5 '
Do, 6s .....lISJVi Do - 2i1«...........ii0v»
Do. fcs coupon.. l no. act. ......... 75
Cfcerokee4s- 189«. 100 Nonnwest Consoli
ro. 1897-.. ...... 100 I Do. deb 6s- 108V a
1898— ...... 100 OR&xigts.. 11)
1;0,1899..... 1"U 6iLdtlronMtGen6s 77J,«i
raclflc 650f '86.... St L& SF G«-n 6s. ir>6%,
D. C. 8-8 6s ....... 10 Jt/i f-t Paul Consols ...138
Ala Class A 4 106 fct. P. C. 4Pa lsts. lliiV*
Do, Class B 4, ss. 10.. Do. Pao Cal isis.. 107
1.aC0n50i«5........ 9V'V*i Southern R. R. 3s. 90»/ 8
Mlßsourl luncwisc..— - I Texas Paeiac flrsu HBV3
If Carollnacon 65.. 122% Texas Pacseconas. 2%
Do, *s . ........ 10 LnionPaclstof9B. 104
Fo Carolina 4i,i»...10a West Shore 4s lOJVa
lennnewsa. '87 ! Mobile & Ohio 45.. -85%
V a funding debt... 61 y*- E tiranae West lsts 74»a
Do, reg...... .....—— Cbes<tO6s 107Va
Do. deferred 6«... 6 Atchinon 45... 77»,i
Do. trust re» st ,6, J. X>6, SOa ........ 24%4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 12, 1896.
Canada Bouth 2ns.. 10 1 G H <fe s a 6« 105
Cen Pac lstsor '95 110 j Do. 2d 7s. """ 10U
Dm&RUIm 113 - H <fc Tex Cent6i:. 108
--./ Do. B»y a Do. eon 6s. ...°!ll U>3
Irle2ds ........... 66Vi Reading 4a 78V.
Kansas F* Consols 73y 2 jMiaaouri «a...,..., 100
tsJfn Ibia uivicn "I
FOBKIOM MAKKKT.S.
WHBAI IN LIVKBPOOI/.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., April 11.-i'hespot market
is firm at, 5s Bd. Cargoes firmer at 28s, March
shipment.
FTJTUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable Rives the following
Llvt-ruool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April
rs 7d; May. 6s 734 d; June, 5s 73/ id; July, 6s /4 .d;
August, 6s 73-id. ■•■-#
bKCUßiTiics. : 'j "-■
LONDON, E.\o.. April H.-Consols, 1103,1;
silver, 3iy ,l ; French Kfntcs. lOlf 40c. Bulliua
into Bank of England, £10,000.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,283,081,
against $11,883,664 lor the same week in 1895
a gain of 3.30%.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION..'
Hterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 88
Sterling K.xchange. sight. — 4 BaiA
Sterling Cables . — 4 91)
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchanpe, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, V- ounce — tittii
Mexican Dollars 55 6ti
v ♦ ■
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OJ.IIEK GRAINS.
WllEAT— Closed the week quietly with a de
cline in futures. No. 1, $1 07i/i(g)l OB/i: choice.
$1 10@l 11V*: lower grades, *l(a;l OtiVi: extra
choice tor milling, if 1 16@1 20.
I'Al.li BOARD BAI..ES.
Informal KF6SIOX— IO o'clock — December
-600 tons. $108 V»: 800, $108»i: 100, $1 081* ;
2300, ijU OS3/ 8 . May-100, jp 1 U7s/, : 300. irl 07 V 2.
iIK«ri.AR jiiibmnh skhsion— May— 2oo tons.
$107&' H ;200. *107»/i; 100,-9108: 400, 107%-
Ueoi-nib»-r-300, (] i>fci ; 300, .-#1 08»/ 8 .
BAKlabY— The trade quote previous prices,
with v very nuiet ninrket. Peed, 68»4@7U4c t*
ctl; choice, 72i > *,(£733,ic #ctl; Brewi'tig, SO^aSc.
< ALL, I.UAXO BALKS.
Inf-orm,.:, H—ltur— o'clock— No sales. '
Jtr.iici.Ait Mnit.Nivu Session-— iJccember— loo
tons, 72 Vic; 100, 72S/ B e. May-100, 7is,4c; 100,
71- r '(,.-.
OaTS— There is the ustiHi local jobbing: demand.
Milling, 76®82i,2C r* ctl; fancy Feed, 82y a @
873vjc: eood to choice, 76@bOc; common to ffcir,
67V»@72VaC; Ciray, 72*Vfc(g<b0c-, Burprltie, 90c(a.<fl
cti.
COKN— The market continues quiet and weak.
Lart;e Yellow. 87y s <j2>sß3/ic: Small itoutid 00,
97y 2 c: White. 82Vs(&8«Vic "# Ctl.
It E— Dull and unchanged at 77JA@80c '& ctL
EVCKWUEAT- 85fco5c «t ctL .
FLOUR AM> MIL,L,STUFFS. ,
FLOUR — Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, S3 75(0i3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
Buprrnne, $2 75@3 1* bbl. '..•'.■.• ■'-
CGRNMKAL. ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 $ ton.
SIILL&TUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trail": Graham Flour,
2»ic; live Flour, 314 c; Rice flour. 2 c; Corn
nu-al, l:3i@Bc; extra cream do, 3 Vbc: Oatmeal.
334 c; OaL Uroats, Hominy, 4fa.4y 2 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%-". Farina,
4V.2 C : wlioie Wheat Flour, 3c: itoilea vats, 4"Vie;
Pearl Burley, 4i /a c; Split Peas, 4)£e; Green do,
6Vj.«J «* U>-
HA* AND FKEDSIDFFS.
BP.AN-$14@14 50 1» ton.
MIDDLINGS - $17 @18 fi toa for lower
grades ana $18 50@19 50 1$ ion for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barleyr $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 lj* ton: jobbing,
$21: Cottonseed Oilcake. 921 1* ton.
HAY— Keceipts continue light. Wheat, 58®
11 60 ton: Oat. $B;<S9: Wheat and Oat. $8(5.11;
Barley, i£7@9: Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover. $6;giboO;
Compressed, $7@lo 50: Stock, *6@7 > ton. .
bTiUW- 35<§56c f* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— is quiet, and prices as a rule
are not firm. Bayos, $li§rl 10; bmall' Whites,
SI l'Ji @l 50; Pea, $1 10©l 40 fi ctl; Large
Whites, sj<<tl 15 t* ctl; Pink, 90c@*l 10: Reds.
$1 25; Blackeye, nominal; Rea Kidney, $1 75;
Limas, 82 45@2 60: liutter*,sl 60®l 70.
fiEtUS- i r.uvn Mus:ard la quotable at $1 BP<a>
2 itfi ctl: Trieste. 9"2<a.'i 60; Yellow Mustnrd,
$1 40(^1 50; i-'liix, $1 70<gjl SO; Canary, 234 -# ib;
Alfali.o, 7y @9Vao %i lb; Kape, 2u>c V lb; lieuip,
3Vic y, Va.
OBIKC PEAS— SI 25@1 40 » cU for Niles
and $1 25&1 45 tor Ureen.
POTATOES, OXIO.VS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market rules firm. New Pota
toes, 76c@5125; River liurbanks, 25&35 c V-sacit;
Oreuon Burbankg. 35@70c '""Si ctl: Oregon O&rnet
Chiles, 70@85c; Early Uose, 30@40c; Petalumas
and Tomales, 40@50c tack; Humboldt Bur
banks. 6O(a-65e f*, cil.
ONlONS— Receipts are slender, and the market
is stiff at $1 76(a.vJ id ctl, outside figure for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 649 boxes As
paragus and 539 boxes Bhubarb and 497 bucks
Peas.
A decline in peas wan the only change of
any consequence. Quotable hh follows: Kxc
Plant, ; Summer' Squash, — : 'A tt>-
Mexican Tomatoes, $2 25<ffi2 60i& box; Los Augplea
Tomatoffi, $1 60@2 1* box: Cucumbers. 60c@(Sl
f, do«; Asparagus, Si 25©2 2.*> Tf, box for ordinary
and $2 50@.2 7nforextja; Hhubarb. 40@75c; Dried
Peppers, 10@12V«c: Green J'eppers. 12y«c; Green
Peas, lyj'o^Vzc V tb: i*trinß Beans, 8(<U0c; Dried
Okra, iay a c: Cabbage, 40c <j* ctl; Oarllc, 5&6 c S
lb; Marrowiai Squash, $20 fi ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens are lower and hard to sell.
Live TurUevs, l.*@lße "$ lb for Gobblers. 16@
16c 1?. Ib for Hens: Dressed THrkpys, 17c; Geese %t
j pair, $1 6O(§»2; Ducks, 84 50® 6 %i doz for old
aim *x@9 for young; Hens, $4@4 50: Roosters
younc, $B@S; do. old. 34 25©5; Fryers. *B 60
@7: Broilers, $5 60@6for large and $3 50® 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 60<§)l 75 lor young and $1 50
@1 75 for old.
OAMK-Hure, 75c@l ft dozen; Rabbits, 91 25
for Cottontails and $1 $ doz tor small.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is wealt at the decline with large
stocks.
Cbbamery— Fancy, 14@14Vac; seconds, 13@
13Va fi it.
Daiby— Fancy, 13c 9 lb: good to choice, 12®
l^i/sc; lower arades, ll@liy c.
Eastebx— Nominal.
CHEESE— Was oft' acrain. Supplies are increas
ing fast. Fancy mild new. 9c : common to
good, 7@By c: Cream Cheddar, ll@12c: Youne
America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 13
(g;l4c.
EGGS— The n>arket continues to strengthen.
The pao between store and ranch egus is besin
ningto widen, as usual at this time of tlie ypar
*tore Ezks. li@liy a c Ik doz; ranch Eggs, 12@13c:
Duct Eggs, ISo c- Uoz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 60@2 V box for good to choice,
75c(£91 23 for common to fair, and 92 35@2 50 for
fancy.
Four boxes Cherries came In from Cordelia, but
were not wanted, as they were badly cracked and
were thouKht to be refuse from an Eastern ghlo
ment. Two boxes sold at $l(a 1 50 %t box.
EERRlKS— Receipts of Strawberries were 177
chests, selling at *6ra>lo $ chest for Lonitworths
and 95@6 for large berries.
Six drawers of Gooseberries, the first of the s«a
soti, came in from bun Leandro, selling at 85c <&
drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Fresh suppllen of Lime*
are on the market. Oranges are quotable a
follows: $1 25@1 75 fy box for Seedllnes 8
*si 25@3 50 for Navels and 9'itqtS for Miilta
HI001U; Lemons. 75ci'g)l 50 for common and sf'.va
2 60 for cood to Choice; Mexican Limes. 96 iOfckS-
California Limes, $1: Bananas, 91®2 $ bunch-'
Pineapples are nominal. - '
DRIED FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS.ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The followiug nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Caiiixjad Lots— Apples, l^^SVaC i» lb forquar
tered. 2@3c '# tt> for liced and 414 c * |b for
evaporated: .Peaches, S^@4c « lb and 6ivircs6c for
fancy: t>eeled In boxes. 12c; Apricots 7VB@aV-iC
for crime to cnolce. 9V c for fancy and.lo<2)llo
9 Ib for fancy Moorpark; Fles. black. 2V»c for un
pressed; White Fi(?«, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c 9
lb for evaporated halves, 4<a>6V c 9lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3i/4@3yiiC: Plums, 4c Ib for pitted and
lV«<a2V«c for unoitted: Nectarines, 6®6c ty Ibfor
prime to choice said 6y 2 c for fancy.
Joubino Pbioks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y <j
V ft: sun-dried, lVa@2c 'ft, ft; Peaches, 3®4c
1» ft and 5c * lb for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10
@12i/ jc; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c for 40@50's
and 5c for 60<3j&6O's: Apricots, 6@9^c lor prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Mooruark; Fics, biacic
21/4@2B^c: White Figs. S@so: Pears. 6y c for
evaporated halves and 3@sy c for quarters-
Plums. 2 M)4r for pltt»d and l@iy 2 c for unplt-'
ted; Nectfvriues, 4@»sc fl lb for prime to choice
RAISI.NH AND DRIED OR APES-Prioi-s" are
as io lows, carl oad lots. f. o. b. San Francisco-
London lnyers, 85@00c '<p box; four-crown loose
3%c •$ lb; three-crown, loose, ili/ir '^ n',- two
crown, 2c; ■ seedless Sultanas, 88/if<i4c- <.-o'edlo«
Mtiscatels. 2V£®V.'%c: three-crown Gmd'ou layers
75<a,i»0_c: clu&tefs, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clu.st»rs
82 10@2 5:5; Iniperlul clusters, fa 00®2 75; Dried
Grapes, 2Vfec ty ft. ,
jobbino Pricks — Four-crown loose. 3c 3
crown, 2i4@2Vse: 2-crown, l"4@2c--BeedlessSul
tanns. 83/ 4 (g.4c: Seedless Muecatels, 2y,c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@P0c: clusters, .tl 40@l 50-
I*. e hi s.i clusters, 92 25; Imperial chisits, "82 75-'
Dried Grapes, '2c. ' •-- * ■ '
• Chestnuts are qnotab at 6@Bc ~& Ib-
Walnuts. B@loc tor JS'o. 1 hard and 10(ttJ2c for pa
per, ]ODb!n? lots; Almonds, 6®7y 3 c for*LanKuecoc
and BVa@loc for pnper-Hhell, jobbing: Peanuts s<a
6c for eastern and 3V 2 ®4%c for California- Hici?
-oryNuts,s@6c; Pecnns, Jor rough and 8 • for pol
ixhed; F.lberts, Brti9c; Brasll Kuts, 7y 2 fiJßcll B> •
Cocounut*. 94 60^5 9 100. ' Vm ° * - Bf
HONKY— Comb is quotable at 10®12c ft for
bright and B@9c « ft. lor lower gratle»; wator-
white extracted, E@sy 2 c f, Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4V4C9i4 : sic:dtirk amber, 4c; dark, 2&03 c.
BKKBWAX-24®27c W tb. * t .'* ia>J r
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c 9 lb for heavy,
7c %l tb for light meaium, 9c f* Jb for light, 10c for
extra light and 12c f) lb for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, il%c; California Hams.
10c 9 lb; Mess Beef, $8 $ bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do, $10; extra prime Pork, $9 f>, bbl •
extra clear. $14 I*. bbl; mess, $13 % bbl: Smoked
Beef. 10c lb.
LARD— .Eastern, tierces Is quoted at e^c l Jb for
compound and 6%c for pure; pails, 7y»c; Cali
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6y»c fir pure
half-bbls, 714 c; 10-lb tins, 8c; do 5-Ib, BVic '& ib.
COTTuLKUK— in tierces and 75/^c %j lb in
0- Ib tins. . -
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOI. AND HOPS.
HTDRS AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 6y 3
@7c; culls and brands. s%@t3c: medium, 6y 2 @60;
culls and brands. 4Vs®sc: light, sc: culls and
brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6c^ Ib: culls and brands, 4c;
salted Kip. 6c ¥■. Ib: salted Calf, 8c "i^ lb; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 9®loc; culls and brands 7Vac;
cry and Veal. B®9c: culls. BVqC: dry Calf,
lbc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 70@35c each: Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c; medium 15®
26c; winter, 10c; .-heensktns, shearlings, ios
15c each; short wool, 20@35ceach; medium, 40
@50c each; long wool, 66c each. Culls of all kinds
about i^c less.
TALLOW— .Vo. 1, rendered, a <a4c; No. 2, 8c:
refined. 4y @53/ic; Grease. 23^c ii $>.
WOOL— The circular of Jacob Wollner says:
"Tbe arrivnls of wool lv this market to date, in
cluding 1600 bales from Nevada, amount to 10,120
bales. It is remarkable that although the Eastern
markets are reported dull and quiet, with prices. if
any one wants to buy, in buyer's favor, 2500 bales
of wool have been sold in this market. Thf> stocks
on hand oi domestic and foreign wool in Eastern
markets are reported to be enormous, there being
1-^5,000,000 pounds more than at this time last
year." We Quote Spring: Nevada. 7®By*c:
(San Joaqulp and Southern Coast, 6 months. 4@
6c ?* lb: >an Joaquin. foothill, good to choice,
7@Be: San Joaquin, year's fleece. 4i/s@6y 2 c.
HOPb— Nominal quotations are 2@4c f» tb. '
GKNJiRAt. lIiiKCHANDISE.
BARS— Calcutta Grain Bass, Juno-July delivery,
$4 25.: San Quentln, 84 20: Wool Bass, 24rcu2Gc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ® ton; New Welling
ton. $8 "$ ton: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 «i
ton: 'Seattle, $5@5 50: Brvant. »5 50: Coos Bay
84 60; WalUend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo,
87 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in buik and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania A*itliraclte Eg)t, $13: Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel, $8; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 60 in bulk and $12 50 "$ ton in sacks. . -
CANNED SALMON' — The Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 950; 60,000 cases, 92 V2C; 75,000
cases, 90c $i dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-shiD.
bUGAR— The Western Sugar Ken aery compnny
quo terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
iiiiu Fine Crushed, all 6«/ c; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' A. 5B/ 8 c: :<lainiolia A, &ygc; Kxtra
C, sc: Golden C, 4 '- 8 c: half-barrels, V4C more
than barrels, and boxe.s Y2O more.
SYRUP— Goiaen, in bbls, l&c; Black Strap, 10c
* fc'ul.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from the
slatichterers are as follows:
BJKiSF— i-irst, quality, 6y 2 c; second quality,
4Vi#ftc: third do, 3y»@-4c $ Tb.
V HAL— Large, s@oc: small, 6@7c fl lb.
Mt'TTOS- Wethers, Oc; Ewes, 5Vi|C %i Ib.
LA-MB— Spring Lamb. 7c lb.
PORK— Live Mogs, 3s / i'a)3'7 / 8 c $ Ib for large and
3"j<;3>4c for small; dressed do, •VVbSuVie * tb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE
FOB 24 KOORS.
Floor, or. el" 4,243 Cheese, ct15........ 11
Washington 2,400 Egcs. doz 14,970
Wheat, ct15... .-...105,660 Leather. rolls.. 9
Washinsrton 405 Hides.no 275
Barley; ctU. ....... 15,145 Pelts, odls 4.451
Oats, ctls. 3bOWooLbls 1,324
Wftshineton 3,*-'4oi\Vine, gals. 58,000
Potatoes, 5k5....... 1,991 Tallow, ctls 46
Onions, sks 24 Lime, bbls «. 350
B ay. t0n5.......... 247: Chicory, bbls 64
Middlings, 5ka..... 645 Lumber. M foet... 15
p.run, »ts 1,2-Js'QuioksUver, &asia 2«
Butter, ctls 433'
TRE STOCK MAEKET.
Them was no general tendency either way yester
day, some stocks being firmer and others weaker,
the latter, however, predominating. Trading was
quiet.
The Peg. Belcher assessment falls delinquent in
otlice to-morrow.
An official telegram received yesterday- reports
an increased output of ore from the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine. The yield last week
was 144 tons, against 122 tons for the previous
week, and th" average assay of the same was
$51 45 per ton, against R53 18 per ton for the pre
vious w-fek. A working week on the Corn-nook
now consists of six days, as all the mines ou the
main iode are closed on Sundays.
The Cold .Minriß Exchange has listed another
proper! v— the LocKwood Consolidated goldmine of
West I'oTnt, Calaveras County. President Turn
bull and an engineer &re examining some of the
mining properties In the n<.*i»;bbr<rhood of Grass
Valley and Nevada City. Arrangements are being
made to popularize the" work of the uxchange by
means of evening lectures, which will be illustrated
by stereopticon views. These lectures will be
given by the engineers of the exchange, and will
especially treat of the properties handled by it.
Following Are the Highest I" rices Oaring
the Past Week.
I^TOCK.
' __
.Alpha
Alta -...
'Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher..
80die....
Bullion _.
Bulwer
Caledonia..
Challenge
Chollar
Con. CaL <__ Va..
Confidence
Crown Point....
Gould & Curry.
Bale <fe Norcross
Mexican
Mono
Ophir
0verman..., ....
Occidental
P0t05i............
Savage
Seg. Belcher....
Sierra Nevada..
Union
Utah....;....-....
Yellow Jacket..
i*
3:
1.7
.-;
\
0
1.
06
08
' 26
41
60
35
05
20
05
22
40
1.65
70
33
23
1.26
37
11
99
09
96
28
28
11
60
61
04
31
ii
1.15
12
I
1.1
11
1.10
11
liOAi.il SALES.
■ Following were the sales In in» Ban Fmnelsoo
Btcc* Board yesterday:
RKOITI.AR MORNINO SESSION COMMKKCIKS 9:30.
100 Andes... 26 200 Crwn Pt...3M50 Ophir 96
it»o Belcner... O «fc C 21 200Sftvaee' '*2H
200 B<fc 8....48!600 H«fcN... .1.25 500 "26
600 Ch0!]ar....36 300 X.20300 BN«T 67
600 CC&V ..1.65 400 Mexican. .362oo Union "60
Con lmp.ol.Xoo Occid 94350 V JackL."'ao
60 C0nn....;. 651000 . .....93 "
following were tne sales in tn» raciao Stock
Board yesterday:
beoiti.ab SESSIOV— IO:3O.
SOO Alpha 100 C Imp... 0l;l00 Occid 88
600A1t»..;....09'100 021100 " 89
400 Andes.... US 600 Crwn Pt...32 400 . V 94
350 8e1cher... 40200 Excnqr... o4 300 " "'"on
300 8Jt8..,....47 O <fc O 211200 '..'. 9ft
100 48 300 600 6" vrmnV. " 09
100 80fiie...... 700 H4X... 1.20 900 Potosi 2tt
800 Bulllou...04!300 I.2v>Vzi'2OO "" «>7
100 8u1wer....22 400 1.25:500 Savamj""'2B
600 Ca1eda.....04 500 Julia 05|1200 Scorplono3
400 Chall 200 Ju3tic»....05 6OU SB4M . 12
200 Cbmiar.... 36600 Kentuck..n4 800 S N«v "b7
600..... 1000 L \Vash..O4 69
400 39,400 Mexican. . , ' 68
100 -..40!200 Mono lI'.HOO b'tiioii'cV'49
700CC*V....lfi'ii400OpUir.:.. 95 1200 60
600 l.t 1 voo P6500 Ctah'V" .04
ISO. 1.67M-600 97 6OOYJaoic«t..3O
160 Conn 7J300 ....~. 95200 .. 31
50.... 70) -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 11-12 xt.
■ Jtiit.Alkrji.t J3i<t.Al/Hd
AlpnaCon 06 07J«cWson. . 40 —
Alia 08 OOJnlia. ... ' * 04 05
Andes *.■ 25 2G!Jn«ue« „.. 06 06
8e1cher........ 39 40 BentucK. ....„ — C 6
Beit A Belcher. 60 61 Lady Wasn.... — i) 5
*odie 35 Sb Mexican... ._ 37 ss
8u11i0n. ..„ •„; 03 04 Mono ... 11 _
8u1wer. ....... 20 —' Nevada — 06
Caledonia.,..™ — 06 Occidental.. 93 05
t'baHenco <Joa. 22 24:Ophir. .. * 97 ag
ChoUar 39 40 Overman .... 09 10
Con.CaL* Va. 1.65 1.70 l'oioak Z 27 28
(00. Imperial. '01 02 bavrjre.. ... 28 29
Confidence.. ... 70 - If-eft. Bolcher... 11 13
Con.iS'aw Yortt — . 04 Sierra Nevada, §7 68
Crown Point,... 32 33 bcorpion. ... 03 06
KastßierraiSe» — 04 Pilver H1U...« _. 02
Kxchequer..... 03 05 'Syndicate...... 01 02
Enrekacon.... — 26 UmonCoa..... 60 62
Gould <fc Curry. 21 22 Utan.. 04 O5
Hale <fc HotctM. 1.25 1.30J Yellow JaoKdfc bo 31
GOLD KXNIKO KXCHANGK.
100 Amalle 1 861 Kennedy .
600 190IBW !..V.13 60
600....... 195 Asked " 1400
400 ..„......:...... 200) ■ Keyatone.. '.■'■■ -
Champion ...... Bid 65 00
Bid .........; 16 00|1700 Lockwood Con 29
Asked 16 0012000 ;....■;.....„. SO
Ff-deral Loan.. 100 ....." 3X
Asked.... .-■; 60 Providence"
600 Grant........... 25 8 id ...:....... ' "75 00
1900; 26 300 Savannah...."" 84
1600 27300........... V;\l 36
100 30 600 Thorpa ... 85
1300 .....8112200....:........... 86
I.OCAI> BKCCBITIBS.
Bid 60 San Francisco Ga5... ;............... '8400
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
' , : BATURUAY, April 11- 2 p.m. ; !
I rNITKI> HT*T«B SOMII,
£itt. ArK-rd. Bid. Al*«d
r »np.,lo>«VfcnoVa C 7 84s rec...lOßVi -
Co, new 1»..;116%H7V8 • > /.
JCIBCHXI/4-VKOrcg BOXD* i'
Cal-ntCbles<!.lllV*sll3y a !Do. 3d Iss 6s. ■ — —
CftlKlecL6B.llo — P&O Ry 105 120
CutraC W — 95 . P&Ch llv 6i. — 107y
Dpnt-at ex-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.Ril6s. — 116 Va
EdßnL&P6s.li'2 •■-— "■■'" Reno. WL&Ij — 105
F&CH KK6s. — 105 i/ 3 River Cofls — 100
Geary-stßss. 100 i/« — I-rc;oP & L..100 102%
LoeAncl.69. - 101 BF*I*FHK6«IOI%IO2V<i
Do.Onted.tJg. — 103 bPRKArIzSs — 94
Mkt-stCbleßsl23i^ — BPKRCaI6a.. 107 Vi —
DoßyConss..lo63/ 8 107 |bPiiKCr.lDs.. — —
NevCNgRTs. 9UVi 99% Bi»BrHCal6s. 97^100
PCRR63.105 — KVWaterd*. — 120 ;;-,
KHyCHI6s. — 103 V SVWateria- $9Sfolun
NKyCal6s. — - |SttcutO&Kßl — 100^4'
Oak Gas 65. . C 3 10i^iSunatT&Tea. 100 —
Do, 2d iss 63. 10.1 — SuUer-BtU6i.llU —
Omnibus 63.. lIHS/ 8 _ Visall»WC6« — 8i
tacKollJloa.. — — I
YTATKtL STOrK<l. -Vy _-. «\-5J
Contra Costa 36 38 |San Josa 75 100
iiarinCo.... 4-j - ißprlngVaUeylOOVsiOO^
Ct- STOCK ■>.
Capltftl. — 39 y 8 Pacific liieht. 44^ 4Bi/ 9
Central „ 93 — Ban .rrancaco 84 —
OakOL&H. 621/, — ißtocilou. .... — Sl^|
I'kCUaaimp. a_' --' Vis
. ixso«*.n-ck stock*. '*i ■
FlremansFd.l7o 180 |5un. ....... '..'.* 4'J —^y
COMMSKCiAL EAVK BTOOK*. '■' . "' ; " 'V^^
Amerß&TC. — — IliOnilonPa'A. 28 ' 133^
Anslo-Cal... — 60 |London<fc3F. — S>7Vj|
Bank of CaU.5537y 240 iMerch l^x... lii — *
CaiSD&TCa. - 67%|Nevada — ' -*
atlonL 178 182 B«.tUer iS Co_ — .■■. —
Urantei*.... — —.. ! ;I'.*" ." j >■ 'J '-'-V
. »»vixns BANK STICKS .
OerSAIiCO.,3 400 1450 SavALoan.. — 101
HumbS<fct..lloo 14SU Security. ;..--— 260-
Mutual 37y a 40 Cnioa TruM. . — 820
SFSavUnion — 490 j s " ,
6TBKKT BAILKOADSTOCKt. ./
California.... 108 v — (Oak.SL&Ha/ — 100
Geary-st 60 • 7'JMs Presidio ...... — 9
Mtukel-sC. . 46«/ 8 ' — |Suuer-5&...... — —v
" !»(>«' 1) Kit STO'-Ki.
Atlantic D... 16i/i Judsoa.....^- — • —
Califorala.... — 88. jVifionu — 1
01*111. IBy a 19 ' -
Mi' vuutmtn UTrtrsK*
AlaßWa Pkr^. 90 03 OceanlcSSCO 20 25
BlkDCoAlCo. — 10 J'acAuxFA.. 1 ' —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac JBorax... 98 100
CalUrvDoclt — — PacX&NOo. — 80
KdißonLl6hfclo6y,lo7y s PacRoUMIU 29V, 421/4
GasConAsso. — — IParfPaintCo. 6 7^
G»r I.fp/1 i'o. 85 — PacTransCo. — 24
HawCASCa.. 1984 20 PacTATGo 65 70
HntchSPCo.. 19S/i 20 HunsetT&l 1 41 —
JndaonMfgO. — . — UnitedOOo.. — 26
MerKxAasiilOU 110
Eoard— 4s Atlantic Dynamite. 161,4: 100 Hntch
insonS P Co, 19%: JOO do, 10%.
$50U0 SP Brauou Hallway BonJs, 97y .
— ♦
A pickpocket arrested in the act of tak
ing a purse from a •woman in a crowd dur
ing the Paris carnival, when searched, was
found to have no less than twenty-three
purses about him, the total of his plunder
amounting to more than $650.
* — « — • ;
EEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONS.
Gilbert and Margery Palache to Marcus IT.
Heeht. lot on N line of Washington street, 130:6
W of Buchanan, W25:3 by N 37:6: $10.
Ernst K. G. Bode to Joseph Horn, lot on E line
ot Howard street, 108 N of Fourteenth, M 27:6 by
X 110: also lot on NW line of Brannun street, 80
SW of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 70; $250.
James F. Hill to Margaret L. Nugent, lot on
Twenty-second street, 100 X of of Sanchez, 8 128,
E 12, N 28. E 13, X 300, W 25; also lot commenc
ing 121 :6 Eof Sanchez street ana 128 Sof Twenty
second, S 100 by F 3:6; $10.
Jerry Falvey to Itichard and Ellen Coughlan, lot
on SE corner of Valley and Sanchez streets, S 26:6
by X 100; $10. „■
Mary Haussler to Margaret F. Hanssler, lot on N
line or Broadway, 160:6 \V of Jones, « 120 by W
23; gift.
Joseph M. Macdonougb and Agnes M. A gar to
W. OB. Maodonough, undivided 2/n of lot on XW
line of Mission street, 156 .SW of First. s\V 46 by
NW99:6; also undlvidea 2/8 of lot on XW line of
Mission street, 220 SW of First, SW 55 by ETW
73:6: also undivided 2/3 of lot on XW line of Mis
sion, 202 B\V of First, SW 18 by NW 73:6: $12.
Pacific Land Association and C. C I rlpp to
Blunda Lundbertr, lot on E line of Hampshire
street, 91 bof Butte, 526 by X 100, quitciaim
oc-d; $5.
Josepn G. and Carrie Kitcbell to Fernando Nel
son, lot on XW corner of Twenty-fifth (Volo) and
Kansas streets, N 276, W 100, 8 100. W 100, S
176, E *00: also lot on s\V corn«r Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma) aud Kansas streets, a 100 by W 00: $10.
A. E. and Kebecca Head to Joseph B. Coryel ,
lot on N" line of Wisconsin street. 319 Nof Seven
teeuth (Santa Can). S ]47:7y 2 , W 100, NX to
beginning; als lot ou N line of Seventeenth (Santa
Clara) street, 100 W of Wisconsin, N 171:4y 2 ,
SW to a. point 23:9 N of Seventeenth street, ti
23:9, E 100: *10,
Cnarles C, Ella A. and Charlotte I). Judson,
Sophia C. B'-nedict and Charlotte A. Lynch (by
guardian) to sum*, lot ou E .me of Carolina sireet,
2;-.:9 N of Seventeenth (.Santa Clara), N 371i:3, i£
200. S 81, SW 356:7 quitclaim deed: $10,
Kutate of Egbert Judson (by Charles C. Judson,
executor) to sftme, lot ou h line of Carolina street,
23:9 N of seventeenth (Santa Clara), X 376:3, —
200, B 81, SW 357:714; #2700.
A. E. and Hehecca Head, John Center, Kraily J.
Wilson and Sun Francisco and Fresno Land Coru
puny to saui'\ undivided 1 1-20 of same: $10.
Joseph Naph'aly, I>. Freideurich and Charles I*.
Ackerman to same, lot on NX corner of Seven
teenth (Santa Clara) and Carolina streets, E 100,
N 171:4%, B 100, 228:71/2- W 200, S 400; $5.
George S and William H. Ciim to same, nndi
vided 21-160 of lot on X line of Carolina street,
23:9 N of Seventeenth (Santa Clara), N 376:3, E
200, S 81,6 W 356:7V4: $10.
Grace M., Snmuil M. and W. H. C'rim Jr. (by
George 8. Crim, trustee) to same, undivided 3-160
of same; $168.
Joseph H. Coryell to George Butter, lot on NE
corner of Seventeenth (H anta Clara) and Carolina
streets, E 25 by N 100: $10.
Same to Annie Burger, lot on W line of Wiscon
sin street, 100 s of Sixteenth (Center), 8 125 by W
100: also lot on N line of Seventeenth (Santa
Clara) street, 100 Wof Wisconsin, W 26 by J>J 100;
$10. .
Adolph Sutro to Mary Miles, lots 6 and 7, block
224; also lot 18, block 225: $10.
onrad Hauser to Robert Wannemacher, lot on
E line of Thirteenth avenue, 200 s of I street, 8 25
by B 120; $10
John Regii to Josephine Regll, lot on SW line of
Croke street. 100 X W of Telegraph (Mission), X W
250 . bySW 100, Academy Tract; also lot on SE
corner of Alemany and Croke streets. E 82:9,
100 by N 101; also lo: on B\V line of Therese
street, 430:6 SW of Mission, N\v 60 by SW 100.
Academy Tract: also iota b'B, 70,72,74 and 76,
block 4, Academy Tract: also lot on S line of Croke
str«°t, 350 W of Telegraph (Mission) roud, W 160
by si 100; gift.
Castro-street Land Company to H. N. and G. F.
Gray, block 14, Map A, Cusiro-street Addition;
$10.
James F. and Catherine Hill to Margaret JL. Nu
gent, lot on NW corner of Mansoll aul Hamilton
stree:s. W 120 by X 100, University Homestead;
$10.
D. \V\ ana Nellie Donthltt to H. A. Jones, lots 1.
2 and fractional lots 3, 17. 18 to 24, block 94, bait
Marsh and Tide Lands: $10.
J. G. Johnson to haries Nonnenmann. lot on W
corner Third avenue and M street, 8W 200 byNW
130. block 57, same: $10.
Thomas and Mary Farrell to Joseph Snoop, lot
on E line of Lisbon street, 185 feet S from France
avenue, s 2f> by E 200, block 25, Excelsior: $400.
F. L. A. Ploche and L. L. Kobinson to Hannah
Irvine, lot on 8 line of shields street, 25 feet E
from Vernoa, W 26 by S 100. block 24, City Land
Association; $95. -
W. D. and Hattle E. Holcora to John and P.va
Prosek,lot 210, block 34, Mission and Thirtieth
streei Homestta'i; $10.
Willis G. WitWl to H:ittie E. Holcom, lot on W
lineof Carlos street, 184 Xof Beacon, N 31:5, W
125:7. S 30:4, E 130:4; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Jennie C. Burnett, lot on E line of Stanvan
street, 146:9 Sof Seventeenth. S 25, E 158:8Va,
X 4deg. 50min., \V S>s:o%. W 160; $10.
K. M. and Belle M. Hawley to Bernardlna
Klumpke, lot on W line of Arrh street, 176 a of
Sherman, S 75 by W 100; $210.
' ; AI.AMKHA COUNTY.
Daniel Suter to G. A. Holste, lot on NE corner of
Sntter street and Redwood road or county road Xo.
809, thence 72.15, E 176, 72, W 175 to begin
ning, being portion of Sutler Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $SOO.
BametoOeorgeE.de Golia, lot on SE corner of
Bay street and Pacific avenue, E 180, S 160, ,\V
80, S 144.17, W 150, X 306 to beginning, subject
to a mortgage, also subject to an agreement and
declaration of trust, Alameda; . $10.
Unknown owners (by tax collector) toS. V. Sin
clair, lot 20, block 626, land: $3.
Annie and David Parnett to Sarah Doris, lot on
SE corner of Fourteenth and Filbert streets, E
100 by S 28.64, block 670, Oakland: *5.
A. H. Mitchell and George Mason (trustees) for
Edward H. Chester et al. to Domenico Fossatl, lot
on W ilne of Adeline street, 101 N of Fifth, X 'Js*
by W 128:3. being lot 34, block 488, Briggs' Tract,
map 2, Oakland; $1600.
John W. Collins to Etta B. Cressey (formerly
Collins) lot on 8E corner of Bonton avenue and
Tenth street, E 30 by B 102.94.\ being the W half
of lot 9, block L>, uervllle Tract, Oakland
Township: $10.
Etta B. Cressey to E. M. Morgan, lot on SE line
of Jtionton avtnue and Tenth street, E 30, S 132.94,
W 30, N 132.51 to beicinnin?, being the W half of
lot 9, block I), same (as recorded), Oakland Town
ship; $10.
C. and Caroline E. Dwinelle to Alice M. Chip
man, lot on W line of Caroline street, 425 Sof
Central avenuo, s CO by W 100. being lot 180. Kn
ciual Park Tract, Alameda; SlO.
E. H. and A. M. Flora to Union Savings Bank,
lots on BW. corner of Twenty-fourth and Myrtle
streets, W 60 by 8 101, being lots 19 and 20, biock
635, map of Market-street lots, uakland; $5.
James and Louisa Bmith to Abble i-'. Aldrlcu,
lot on SE corner of Eighteenth and rile streets,
B 100 by 8 t>o, block 593. sume, Oakland; $5.
Nathan and MlMie Straus3 to Mary J. Scott, lot
on NJS line of LVntral avenue. 250 SE of Chest
nut street. SE 50 by NE 207:6, A amecia; 10.
Emily I* Gilmore to Km in it L. Wincliester, lot
on S line of Hobart street, 627:9 W of Telearaph
avenue, W 75, s 121.64. W2, 8 16, E 77, 137.64,
to lining, Oakland; gift. .' . : . .:■■■" . ;
J. 8. and Alexander M ckay, by commissioner, to
Frank C. Sunder, lots on 8 line of Moss street, lUO
W of Kalston, W 360 by S .135. being lots 2, 3, 4.
biock s,' lands of State University Homestead As
sociation No. 3, Berkeley; $3598.
Fravk C. Sunder to Joseph Forderer, same,
B-rkeley;slo. ».
James H. Throop to Phcebe F. Throop, lot on S
line of Buena Vista avenue. 360 X of Chestnut, E
.'5, S 39, W 1.546, 1, 65:2, W25, N 160:2 to
beginning, biock 4, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda; gift. ■■ ■■ ' -.'-■■■■.■-.->'.:■•
._. Builders' Oontraota. .':''[
' Charles E. Baker with Benjamin It. Van Dnsen,
io erect a two-story building on W line of First
■lvenue, 172 N of Clement street, B. B. Van Dusen
architect; $'-'600. ' : •' ' ■■■■-.■ .-■
John J. Boyle with Thomas : F. Doyle, to erect a
two-story building on the S line of Valleio street,
137:3 W of Jia-una, T. J. Welsh, architect; $4ußi>.
Stephen Fluhavan with R. Sinnott, to erect a
two-siory buiidin? on E line Guerrero street, 102
N of seventeenth, architect not mentioned- $2040
THE CALL CALEXDAB.
April, lg9o.
1 Sa.j
1
2 I
ifi
fT""* Last Quart*
April
7
9
10 |
11
IfSn New Moon.
PS/- April 12
!
! 14
I
I 17
12
13
16
I 20
3 First Qua:
April
21
£ft PullMoi
*£/ April
' ' .' 4 OCJ3AN STJiAiiliiKS.
Dates of Departure 1 rona San frnrxclteo.
BTKAMK
Coos 8ay....
Elate ot Cai
Bt Paul
Mexico
i Portland
Newport ......
i Panama
I Vie it Pet iSnd
iGravs Harbor.
coos '8ar...... -
Hutu bold-Bay
fan Dieeo
Eel River
Coos 8av......
; China <& Japan
j _ aaulna Bay..
: Coos Bay
! Newport ..„.:
Grays Haroor.
Port! and......:
| Panama
P0rt1and......:
I Vie «fc Pgt Snd
San Diego :.-._.•
Apr 12,1 Oam Pier 11
Apr 13.10 am Pier 24
Apr 13. 9am Pier 11
Apr 14,12 M PMSS
, Apr 14, 9am Pier 8
! ADr 15. 4pm Pier 2
! Apr 15.10 am Pier 13
Apr 15. 2rM Pier 8
Aprl 5.11 am i Pier 11
{Apr 15. Bam Pier 13
Apr 16. spm Oceanic
Apr 16, 3pm lP M S
i Apr 16, 9am Pier 2
Apr 17.10 am Pier 24
Apr 17. Bam Pier 11
Apr 18. :
Apr 18.10 am fier 13
Apr 18, 12 M PMSS
I Apr 18.10 am ] Pier 24
, Aprl 9. 9am! Pier 8
! Apr 19.11 am Pierll
Acapulco....
Umatilla. ...
Sunol
Arag0. ......
P.„..-r._
P0m0na....,
Corona
Weeott
H0mer..,,..
Rio Janeiro,
iaranon....
Areata...... j
Eureka ..... j
Del Norte ..
en
'Puebla..
ta Rosa..
STKAMECS TO AKRIVj
Milt
'KOU
-uinuuilL.
'eeott,
»n Mate 0......
.sta Rica......
srona..
_nol
'ashienaw
raro..,.
omona.
arallon
omer '
ureka
Ity of Puebla..
Nanaimo
Panama
Eel River
Comet ;.....
Departure Bay
San Diego.
Grays Baroor.
Panama.-
Coos Bar. .
Humboldt Bay
Vaoulna Bay
Coos Bay
Newport
Victoria & Puget Sound
Portland
Portland
Humboldt Bay
Portland . -..
Grays Haroor :....
Tac0ma..................
fan Diego*. .......
China and Japan
Crescent City......
Panama
Newport.
Victoria <£ Puget sound
Portland
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 13
..Apr IS
..Apr 13
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 18
..Apr 18
..Apr 19
..Apr 20
|. Apr 80
neen
)uth Coast
orth Fore
Hceßianchonl
el N0rte.......
ackinaw
vita R05a......
aelic
rescent City...
in Jose
;Paul
alia Wa11a....
late of Cal. ..
SLKi, MOON AND TlIiK.
V. 8. Coast Axn Geodetic Subvict Tro* 1 *
BUIXKTIX FOBLISHED BY OFFICIAL >
Authority of thb Superintendent. J
Sunday, April 12.
rls»s 6.37; Moon rises 4.58am
eeis 6. 44 ; Moon sets
April-1896.
Time
Time
H W
Time
L W
Time
JH W
5.50
6.27
H \V
0.02
0.27
0.66
1.34
0.9)11.68 4.21 5.06
0.B 1-2.38 4.U 0...4
0.3 1.25 j.b 6.01
Feet L W Feet I H W
5.0 7.06 0.0 2.17
6.1 7.481-0.1 3.J0
6.1 8.341—0.2 4.28
6.11 9.231-0.3 6.37
11.19 4.7
11.40 4.5
L W j Feet
6.30 1.9
7.10 2.2
7.56 '2.5
9.0 J 2.7
.si
Noik— In the above exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second *)mi
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the r rated States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) preoedps the
bright, and th<»n Hie number given Is subtractive
from the deDth given by the charts
UIDKOGKAPHIC BULt.JiTI>".
Bbaxch Hybroofaphic Offick, V. 3. N. -»
Mkrcuaxts' Eichanor. J-
Pan Francfßc(i. April 11. 189«. J
Th« time bail on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridiau, or exactly at 8 r. m.. Greouwicu lima,
A. b\ Fechtbler,
Lieutenant U. 8. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Alcatraz Island, California.
Notice Is hereby given that pending repairs to
the fog-signal machinery at Alcatraz Island, Cali
fornia, the foe hell will not be sounded in the event
of fog on Monday and Tuesday. April 13 and 14,
1896.
On and after April 16 the signal will sound Its
usual characteristics during thicK and foggy
weather. By order of the Lighthouse L'.o . r .j.
Fkank CorßTis, Commander U. S. sf.
liifipt-ctor Twrlfth r.iehtUoude District.
saiPPlNti lUTISLLIOEJiCK. [
Arriverl.
SATURDAY. April 11.
Stmr Acapulco, Searle, 26 days from Panama
etc: pass and mdse, to PMSS Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, 6554 honrs from Port
land, via Astoria 4714 hours; mdse, to Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Stmr Pro?reso, Storrs, 94 hours from Seattle;
2606 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Stmr St Paul, Leiand, 70 nours from San Pedro
aui way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<&Co.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 80 honrs from Astoria,
600 M ft lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Schr Edward Parke, Anderson, 7 days from
Portland; 220 M ft lumber, to Oregon Pine Lum
ber Co.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Hardwick, 76 days from
Newcastle, NSW ; 4SO tons coal and 200 ions shale,
to J J Moore & Co.
Schr Annie Larsen, White," 9 days from Tacoma;
440 M ft lumber, to Hanson <fc Co.
Schr Gem, Olsen, 8 days from Columbia River
-200 Mft lumber, to Byxboe & Clark. Berkeley
direct.
Clearnri.
: SATURDAY. April 11.
Rtmr Coos Bay, Jansen, Guaymas; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka: Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Gi>r ship Arthur Fitger, Rebetje, Queenstown;
Girvln <fc £yre.
Eark 0 D Bryant, Lee, Honolulu ; Williams, Di
mond it Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. April 11. ,
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, .Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Point Arena. Johuson, Mendocino.
Ship Lleweliyto J Morse. Lindberg, Karluk.
Bark C D Bryant, Lee, Honolulu.
Bark Merom, PetersoD, Bristol Bay.
Ektn Uncle John, Murohlson. Grays Harbor. •
BKtn Jane A Falklnburg, Lundholm: codfiahinz.
Scnr Bessie K. Anderson, Aibiou. . .
Schr Western Home, Nilsson, Coos Bay.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, Grays Harbor.
Schr Tlalph J l«ng, Jansen. Russian River.
bchr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup.
Returned.
> -~ : ; , SATURDAY. April 11.
Schr Ralph J Long, h»nce Apr iO, for Russian
Landing, returned on account of strong .N W winds.
Ie!e«rr»;»i«io.
POINT LOBOS. ADril 11-10 p. M.-Weath-ir
cloudy, wind W; velocity 24 miles.
Charter*.
The schr Aloha loads mdse for Honolnln; brie
Genova, mdse for Unalaska; schr Olga, mdse for
Nicolaefski.
&■&*&* ' Spoken.
Mar 9—14 533 W. Nor ship Prince Loms, from
Vancouver for Belfast
Feb 16— No lat and long, Br ship Glenbreck, hnc
Nov 18. for Hull. • ... ■
Mar 24-16 S 35 W, Brbark Maelgwyn, from
Hamburg for Portland.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Apr 11— The Br ship Carnarvonshire,
which nailed from San Francisco Deo 11, 1896, ror
Queensiown, is ashore and will be a total loss, at
CoKane Point, Ireland. Crew saved.
Uoinestiu Ports. -.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr North Fork
lience Apr 9.
Mailed Apr 11— Schr Jennie Thelin, for San Fran
cisco; schr Jessie Minor, ior San Francisco- sciir
Elvenia for Ban Francisco ; sclir Bertha Dolbelr
schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
YAQUINABAY-Arrived Apr 11-Stmr Faral
lOii, hence Apr 8. T
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Araeo.hen'ce
Apr 9; stmr South Coast, from Astoria, and snils
on the 13th for San Frnnciscn.
Sailed Aur 11— Schr Gotama, for San Francisco
schr Daisy F.owe, for San Fruaciseo.
POINT RKYKS- Passed Anr Stmr Mine
ola, from Comox for Port I,os Angeles.
POINT LOBOS— Apr il-atmr Protec
tion, from Port Los Angeles for Little Liver.
FORT BRAGG- Arrived Apr 11-Stmr NO3-o,
hence Apr 9.
SAN PEDRO-Satled Apr 10— Schr Comet, for
Pucet. Sound.
MENDOCXNO-Arrived Apr 11— Schr Bender
Brothers, hence Apr 7.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Apr 11-Schr Lena
BwaMT, from Nbwport. ■ ■ •. •■ . ■ .
SK ATT LK— Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Portland, for
San Francisco. '
PORT TOWNSKND-Arrived Apr 10-Nlc Bark
Bundaleer, from Honolulu.
. PORT GAMBLE-SaUed Apr 11-Bktn Kllkltat,
for Honolulu. :
ALRION— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Moro, from
Westport. : ■ • ■
NEWPORT— SaiIed Apr 11-Stmr Alcazar.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Apr 10-Schr Chas
Hanson, for San Francisco.
.•;-- Foreign Ports.
" SHANGHAI— Apr 10— Schr Lyman D
Foster, for Port Townsend. •
QTJEENSTOWN— Arrived .Apr 19— Br bark Mo
bile Bay, irom Portland; Br »alp Province, hence
DeclO.
LlZAßD— Passrd Apr 10— ship Galena, hence
Decß. for Hull: Brship Levernbank, lience Nov
29, for Ips witch. -.-'{;:.:.•;■''
FALMOUTH— ArriVPd Apr 10— Kr baric Cornn
na, hence De_- 8; lost main and mlzzen topmasts
and sundry louses and damages in heavy weather.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 10-Hr ship Alice
A'Leigh, from Tarotna.
Sailed Apr 11 — l'.r snip Crown of England, for
Hull, hence Xov 26.
Movi'iiici'i of Tr»n«- Atlantio Stoiiii»r».
NEW YOKK— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr La Tour
aine, from Havre; Etruriu, t rota Liverpool and
Queenstown.
Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Lucanla. for Liverpool; L»
Boursogue, for Havre; SpnarnJarn.for Ro teraam,
via Boulogne: Kalaei Wilhelm t. lor Nann-s and
Genoa; Hekla, for Stettin. Copenhagen, etc. ; Fur
uessta, for Glasgow; Hrestien. for Bremen.
Arrtvert out Apr 11— stmr Moravia, at Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Apr 11— Slmr Paris,
for New York.
HARVE— Sailed Apr 11— stmr La Gasrogne, for
New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Apr 11-Stmr Zaandam,
for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Apr 11— Stmr La Bretagne,
from Now York tor Havre.
PRAWLE POINT— Apr 11— Stmr South*
wark, from New York for Antwerp.
Importation*.
PORTLAND-Per Geo W Elder— 4773 sks oats,
342 s'-s or.rley, 211 sks middltogs, 2 cs blankeu, 1
cs shoes, 3& M ft lumber, b<i pcs ash plank. 4103
sks wheat, 16232 bells shooks. 474 bdls 718 rolls
paper, 222 sks fertilizer, 'J crts stoneware, 1 bxd
piano, 254 sks flaiseed. 200 bbls 2513 hf-ska 840
qr-sks "034 sks Hour, 15 tanks. 1000 cross arms,
6 cs gum, IS cs chocolate, 130 sics potatoes, 'J aew
lni? machines. '285 l>U!s hoop pol.-s. 2 ca furn goods,
1 crt M plate. 6G Iron drums. 450 pcs Iron water
pipe, '10 pkgs wasliboards. 2 X v crates.
Consisneo*.
Per Geo \V Elder— Allen <fe I>ewis: Anspacher
Bros; Brown Bros <3t Co: A L .Bryan Shotj co; Be
niela >gric Works: Brays Sons & Co; \V s Crosby
<fe Co; Clatsop Mill Co; Crown Paper Co; California
>'crt Works: Cowen & Cowen; H Dutard; S I Cru
velli; M P Detels; Everett.Hlnton A Co; F. L Ever
et»<feCo; WRGrace&Co; FHillonsACo: Hle
stand. Warner A Co; F .faynos: nson- Lock*
Mercantile Co;; James A Lacy; Licpitt Bros; Mu't
nomah KGVtiion; Geo Morrow <fe Co: C(;Mea<l:
Mo*Te, Ferguson A Co; Mi!Jlason;Xe\v Home Se
w -VlftChineCo; Pac VV'oodeuware Co: A J Pracer
& Hons: WC I>rlce<fcCo: >) KSh»ldon; S F Nov
elty and Plating Co: Standard Oil CO; -Sprine Val-*
ley Water Co: Tillmann A Bendel: J P Thomas;
Willamette Pulp <fc Paper Co; A Wilhelni <fc tJon;
Geo Toy: White Bros. -.r-r
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.'
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COSPAKI
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C. and
PUGET SOUND.
Clsrort Class 60.00
IBeooxici Clans 6500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office — 4 Hew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PtBKIN^ & CO..
Qeueral Agents. .
O. ..JEL. cfc* IST.
ASTORIA ANLPORTUNH
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 8 and IS
biat« of California sails April 13 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODAJ-I* PEBKIKsIfc CO.. (lenl. Sapts.
1\ W. CONN Oil, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPAM
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Aftt_
O Broadway wharf, efaa I'ranclaco, as ""*mr
follows:
Vor Mary Island, Lorlrny. Wranfrel. Juneau. Kll-
li.-noo ana Sltka (Alaska), at, 9 a. m., April 14,
29. May 1 I. -.'9.
For Victoria and Vaneonver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and Xc«»
Whatcom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. k.
April 4. 9. 14, 1», 24. i.'9. and every flftS
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlt>
the C. F. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. R-
»t Seattle with O. H. Ky., m Port Townsend wit*
Alaska steamers. . . .
For Kurfka, Arcata and Fields Landing; (Ham-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. ji., April 3, 7, 11
16. 19, 2.1, 27, and every iourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Sant»
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Sao
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
1, 5.9. 13, 17, 21, 6, 29 and every touxih day
thereafter.
For San IM«r«, stopping only at Port Harfor*
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
*. X.. April 3, 7. .11. 15, 19, 23, 27. an 4
tvery fourth day thereafter.
For Knspnnda, Pan Joso del Caho, Mazatlan, Ln
Paz. Altata and Ouaym&s (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. if.. April 5.
Ticket oflice, Palace Hotel, 4 Ketr Montgomery
ttreet.
(iOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Genl Asenta.
__^ 10 Market st. Bau Francisco.
OCEANIC 3.5. CO. f\ OAYS T0
HAWAII, SAMOA, |L HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. HI Mmr'i^
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
ts. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only.Tnei,
AprU 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU ami
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30,
at 'I p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
S. Air. J. D. SPiiISCKKLS & BROS. CO., Agts..
114 Montgomery su
Freight Oißce. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COaPAGAIE GESf TRAISATLASTIQU3
French Line to Havrn.
pOMPANY'SPIKft (N£W),42>ORTII j £>fTt
\J Iliver, foot of Morton st. Traveler* hv tSsst2f
this line avoid both transit oy Ensclish railway «j-l
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Kgypt, via i'arn,
first-class $ltiO: srcond-clftks. $llt;.
LA GA&COGNE. Capt. Baudelon
April 11, 8:00 a. «
LA BRETAGNK, Capt. Rnpe
- April 1&, 3 a. 3f
LA BOUROOGKK, Capt. LeDoeuf.
- .' April 25, 9a. V
LA XORMA.VDiE, Capt. i>elonL;e.,
May ?.. i a. H.
4ST For further particulars npply to
■ - A. FORGET. Aeent.
No. 3 Bowljnpt Green, New Yorie.
J. P. FUGAZI <fe CO., Agents, 5 .Montgomery
avenue, Ban Francisca
WHITE STAR LRE.
: United States and Royal Mall Stsamen
; i:v<± . bktwken
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING JEViCKY IVKKK.
p ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- MMm_
\J iiiK to steamer n.u<l arcommodatio.ns tviSsiS
selected: second cabin, f35 and R4O: Maj->. ™:7J
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from Englaud, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmarlc
through to sau Francisco at lowest rates. .Tickets,
8»illnK dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. a VERY. Pacific Mail Doclt. or at ids
General Oflice of the Compamy, 613 Marlcet street
onder Grand Hotel. v. w. FLETCHER.
_^ General Agent jfor Paciuc Com.
KETHERLASDS AMERICA! STEAM SAVI-
GATIOS CQM?m.
New York to Boulogna (Paris), Rot«
terdam and Amsterdam,
Balling from New Yorlc EVERY SATURDAY at
9 a.m.
Cneapest route to Europe. First cabin $45 and
apward. Second cabia $38. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowes, steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS COOK & SON, Pacific Coast passengaf
•vents, 621 Market st., 8. F. ■
ROYAL MAIL STEASJACIET CO3JPAJT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >ML
fortnightly for the Weat Indies and cSSSSm
Southampton, calling en route at Csrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
T'irouKh bills of lading, in connection with th%
F»clflc Mall 8. 8. Co.. issued for freiicht *>nd trea*>
i are to direct ports in Km;! ami and Germany.
Through tickets from Ban Francisco to Plymouth,
Cbarboorf, Southampton. First class, $195; thlrt
ifrr* 997 W. *"or further particulars apply to .
VABKOTT A CO.. Ajreni.
306 Calif ornla U.
STOCKTOiS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 8, Washington 9ta
At 5 P. >I. I>aily, Kxcept Sunday.
K3T Accommodations Reserved by T*lephOß«.
SXEAJIEH.:
T. C. Walker. ; j. x>. P«t«n,
Mary Garratt, . City «f StoektOß*
Telephone Main 806. Cm, N»v. and Impt. Ca.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLISD. *BESICIA, PORT
COSTA All CMOLHT.
t STK. HOXTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 a. *
and 4 F. m. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. k., 3:30 r.ui
■.■■ '■ ' • Sunday— H p. v.
•4 F. only.
■ ; LauUlns, ailsaion 1, Fier i.
. j^ac
2728
Culture Of The
Sugar-beet
In California
THAT the sugar-beet is destined
to be an important factor in build
ing up the prosperity of Califor
nia is a fact about which there are
now no doubts. To all careful ob
servers who are well informed on the sugar
industry it is evident that the beet ■will, in
the very near future, rank with fruit and
grain in the development of the agricul
tural interests of the State. Its culture's
now, more than ever before, attracting the
attention of farmers, manufacturers and
capitalists. Its prospects are alluring and
are becoming better understood, and as
the industry thus grows in popularity its
progress cannot be retarded throughout
the State.
Ihe farmer who has lost heart in grow
ing wheat and still retains misgivings as
to the future of fruit rinds himself deeply
interested in the culture of beets. In
many instances the farmer, desirous of a j
mote complete knowledge of the soil, 1
turns to the Mii:ur-beet. with faith in its
bountiful return for his lahor and invest
ment. As a rule, however, he is but half
informed upon the question. The result
is constant inquiry from all direitions,
but more particularly from the districts
supposed to be adapted to beet culture.
The problems contained in the^e inquiries
liave excited a widespread inteiest, as they
include the questions of suitability of soil, |
treatment of the beet in its varioiis stages j
and the benelits to be derived from the
business.
As a general proposition H may be stated
that California is superior to all* the other
States as a Jand for the production of the
eugar beet. Chauncey Depew remarked j
only a few days ago that "California was i
noted far and near for her beets," and he
then expressed something of the State's
reputation.
"California is ahead of them all," was
the positive way in which C. A Granger,
an authority on sugar-beet culture, re
plied to a query calling for comparison
with Virginia, Nebraska and Utah. ''Next
to Southern California, or perhaps equal
to it, are the Sacramento and San Joaquin
valleys. The beets tLat were grown there
in the early days were equal to those grown
In the South. The rainy season comes in
at the right time for getting an early stand
for the beets, and then your dry season
comes in at the right time to not interfere
with the ripening, and the strength of tne
beet is not washed out by the rain«>. In j
. other words, there is no part of this country
that furnishes the advantages that Central
and Southern California do for beet-rais
ing.'
Mr. Home, manager of the Grand Island
and Norfolk sugar factory, said in a recent
interview:
"You know my interests are all in this
country, but to be candid California fur
nishes the best territory for the raising of
beets on the western continent. From my
investigations in California, Utah and Ne
braska I am convinced that the farmers of
California have a great field in sugar-beet
growing.
"I think wnen they study the question
and know what can be done their land will
be more valuable for beet-growinp than
ever it was for wheat or than it can be for
fruit, unless there is a different arrange
ment than there is at the present time for
handling fruit in tlie cities East. If Cali
fornia should have 200 beet-sugar factories
the size of those at Chino and Watsonville
they could not furnish a quarter of the
t«ugar that is shipped from the Eastern
countries to the United States."
These statements represent the convic
tions of experts in beet-sugar culture and
manufacture, ana are therefore the best
evidence that could be offered to prove the
comparative superiority of California as a
producer of the eugar-beet.
It is only now, however, that prospects
for a general inauguration of this industry
throuehout the great interior valleys
eeems reasonably certain. Watsonville
began with a factory in 1890, having a
■capacity of about 300 tons, and each year
the capacity has been increased until now
et least 800 tons of sugar-beets are treated
daily. The farmers were slow to move in
■the new industry, but the profits from I
raising beets have been so ruuch more
than those of grain or fruit culture that
applications nowadays to the factory far
exceed the capacity. Grain-sowing other
than for home use is almost abandoned
and fruit-planting is limited except wnere
beets and orchards are grown together. In
the vicinity of the other factories a pre
. vailing air of prosperity made apparent in
the comfortable homes and the happy
-people tells its own story.
The question has been asked as to the
number of acres necessary to be planted to
support the establishment of a beet-sugar
factory. About 30.000 acres would be ttie
requisite number. Not that a factory
would consume the annual product of
that acreage, but rather about one- third of
that.
The requisition for threefold the capacity
of a factory is made upon the proposition
that in order to keep the land in a pro
ductive state it must be changed at least
once in three years from beet planting to
that of some cereal suitable to the charac
ter of the soil.
This would naturally lead to the con
clusion that the sugar-beet is destructive
to coil. Professor Hilgard of the Univer
sity of California in a lecture on crops and
fertilizers gave the following interesting
information on the subject, as deduced
from scientific investigations:
Next comes the sugar beet, in which so many
are interested now, and which you may tnke
88 representing the root crops in general.
Here we have first, in contrast with wheat and
its iMiJ pounds of ash for the total plant, not
iess than 1350 pounds of ash taken from one
ncre, and if we include the 172 of nitrozen,
over three-fourths of a ton of total soil ingre
dients, when the whole plant is removed. It
Is true that tins totßl comes down to less than
iJSO pounds if we leave the leafy tops in tue
field ; yet the roots alone remove twenty times
as much poiash as does wheat, three times as
much phospnoric acid. Rnd considerably over
twice as much nitrogen. This is an
enormous draft as compared with any
of these other crops, especially ofi
potash; hut phosphoric acid and nitrogen are
also drawn upon quite heavily. You will ob
serve ttiat the draft of beets on all the sub
ttanrps is Marcely approached by any crops in
the table, except alfalfa and ramie. But note,
niso, that the sugar, the commercially salable
part of the beet crop, consists of nothing that
la in this table at ail; like the oil of the olive,
it comes entirely from the air; and the rest
can be given back to the laud, 'ihe sugar-beet
weed not, therefore, be an exhaustive crop nt
all, provided you return all the offal, which
can be done without special difficulty.
The very important question which next
arises, Does beet raising pay? is answered
with figures, the result oi careful and in
telligent experiments and actual culture
on a large scale. Reports from Watson
ville, CaL, show that for 1891 the average
Yield per acre for beets was between thir
teen and fourteen tons, and the average
price paid $T> per ton. The cost of produc
tion, not including rent of land, was from
$26 to $40 per acre. It was considered that
the average net profit per acre was not less
than $30. Statistics from Alvarado for the
same year show the average yield to have
been nfteeM tons per acre, and the average
price pnf'd per ton $5. The cost of produc
tion was estimated at $4<i per acre, thus
leaving a net profit per acre of $2ii.
The latest statistics are those from H.
P. Dyer, a local expert, who presents these
figures for each acre, assxiining that the
farmer can buy good land near the fac
tories for $125 an acre, and that other ex
penses would bring the amount to $175:
Interest oa $175 Bt 6 per cent..... SIO ?O
Taxes ..: 75
Plowing and seeding 1 80
Seed 1 60
Hoeing 16 60
Hauling 2 40
Total .$32 3 5
12 tons beets delivered to factory at $4 $48 00
Cost of 12 tons to farmer 3'J 35
Profit $15 65
rrotit to farmer per acre $15 65, or 8.9 per cent
on his investment of $175.
How the tenant who works on shares
succeeds is presented as follows:
Plowing and seeding $1 SO
HaulinK 40
Two-thirds hoeing 10 40
Total. $14 60
The seed and remaining one-third of the
hoeing is paid for after the delivery of the
beets. His expense account per acre
would then be as follows : '■'-:?.' t
Interest on $14 60 at 6 per cent $ 87
Plowing and seeding 1 80
Seed..... 1 60
Hoeiug 15 60
Haullne 2 40
Bent, four tons at if 4 16 00
Total .; .< S3B 17
Twelve tous of beets delivered $48 00
Cost of production 38 17
Total .... $9 83
Profit to the the tenant per acre $U 83
Or til per cent on his investment of 11 GO
The land stands the owner, when he puts
up his house and barn, at $130 per acre.
Rental $16 00
Interest on $130 at 0 per cent .*7 80
Taxes 60— 840
Total $7 60
Prolitto the lund-owner $7 60
Or 5 percent on his investment of $130 00
■ The experience of beet-growers on the
Chino ranch has been submitted on more
than one occasion as proof of what farmers
have done in raising beets.
E. M. Day, living a mile and a half from
Chino, planted 25?£ acres, from which ne
harvested 409 tona, which realized $1400.
lie paid $40 for wages and $75 for seed and
use of a cultivator.
N. S. Rice harvested 201 tons net from
sixteen acres. At $5 06 a ton he received
$81G 52, or $51 04 per acre. He paid out for
raising and harvesting seed $57, thinning
I $54; plowing and planting $30; top Ding
; $101, total $242. All the rest of the work
was done by himself, so his net profits on
sixteen acres were $574 52.
A. L. Cavanaugh harvested ten acres,
from which he got 22 tons, or 220 tons of
16 per cent beets. Sixteen per cent beets
brought $5 10 a ton, making the receipts
$1122, or $112 20 an acre.
The?e are taken at random from an
array of instances wherein farmers have
found beet-growing decidedly remunera
tive.
As an instance of wnat a 334-ton plant
means for a neighborhood, the Sacramento
Industrial Improvement Association gives
the following concise statement:
Totals— Seventy-seven men during factory
campaign, $21,018; 4.i men employed by the
year, $45,600. Total paid iv wages at factory,
$t>G,t>7B.
To produce 40.080 tons of beets, sufficient for
120 days' campaign, assuming that the farmer
produces 12 tons to the acre, which only runs
14 per cent saccharine matter, they will have
co>t to raise $2 07 per tou. Actual" cost of la
bor, i?l 50 per ton; seed, $2 16 per acre, 18
cents per ton; rent of land, $10 per acre, 83J^
cents per ton; delivery to factory, 50 cents per
ton; interest on farming tools, etc., 5>C cents
per ton; total cost per ton of beets, '"s2 07;
40,080 multiplied by ,f2 07 equals $82,905 60;
total lubor account, about $150,000. To this
you can add 20,000 tons lone coal at $1 75,
$35,000; 283 tons coke from your gas com
pany at $3, $2304; 2400 tons lime rock from
Folsom at S2, $4800; total, $42,104.
. A sum of $200,000 is not far from what a fac
tory would pay out to labor for a capacity treat
ing 334 tons of beets each day for 120 days.
I'erhaps it would be well to consider how
much profit there would be to the producers of
these beets. Forty thousand and eighty tons
at $3 50 per ton for 12 per cent beets, and 40
cents for each 1 per cent thereafter would be
$4 30 a ton or a clear prolit to the raiser of
$2 23 a ton, after paying $10 an acre rent for
his land. On the year's crop there would be
$89,398 40 in profit to the farmers.
On au average 1 find that one man attends
ten acres of beets, and the average for each ten
acres is three persons, making about 1000 in
habitants sustained directly by a 334-ton fac
tory.
With this information in his possession,
the farmer who wishes to improve his con
dition may go ahead without fear of fail
ure after he has examined seriously the
instructions for planting and raising sugar
beets. The very clear and direct advice
issued by the sugar companies as follows
contain all the data necessary for the suc
cessful cultivation of the beet:
Plant a space sixty-six feetsquare— one-tenth
of an acre.
Keep all stock off the land after the rain be
gins.
Plow deep, break up thoroughly, pulverize
the soil before planting.
Sow when the soil is warm, after the rains—
say in April or M ay.
One pound of seed will seed one-tenth of an
acre.
Sow in rows eighteen to twenty-one inches
apart.
Sow with a drill, forced feed; bow shallow,
just deep enough to be covered.
Seed should come up in seven to twenty-one
days.
Thin the beets as soon as they develop four
I leaves. *
Thin out from six to ten inches, according to
richness of soil.
Leave only one beet in one place, and that
| the most vigorous one.
Keep weeds out entirely.
Do not ailow a crust to form on the top of the
i land after seeding or while beets are growing.
Continue to keep the soil loose by drawing a
! cultivator between the rows until the tops
i cover the ground.
Beets should ripen in from 120 days to 1(50
j dnys from time of seeding.
When the outer leaves turn yellow and die
1 down it is an indication thai the beets are
i ripening or ripe.
To Eet a proper sample dig two or three rows
in different parts of the field. Sort them into
three sizes— large, medium Rnd small— and
i lake every twentieth beet at random from the
three piles.
.Sample should contßln 20 to 25 beetß.
Do not cut the tops off with a knife, but
twist the leaves off.
.Ship in sacks as soon as possible after dig
ging.
Mark each sack plainly with name and ad
dress of raiser; send duplicate shipping re
ceipt and letter containing full particulars, by
mail, stating yield in pounds of the tenth of
acre seeded.
With regard to harvesting the beet it has
been learned that hill land boots ripen iirst
and other kinds of land can keep up a suc
cesMon of rich beets during the months
following. In the Pajaro Valley the har
vest is practically limited by the winter
rains which come some time in October or
November and render the roads impassable.
This diflicnlty is partially overcome by
hauling in then all the outstanding crop
and storing it in the factory bins. Beets
at that time of the year, if in pood condi
tion and carefully handled, will keep for
eight weeks. Sugar beets in the Pajaro
Valley show little or no external sign by
which maturity can be known for a cer
tainty. The color of the leaves is an un
reliable index, and the best or rather the
only certain guide is the analysis of the
root.
When ripe, beets should be at once
plowed up, topped and hauled to the mill.
The beet is now highest in saccharine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 12, 1896.
y»o«ooo«oooooo<itisttigtggiitgiigits^
X iI!^^?VNL " THIS WEEK
JrL **^.  » » tits IV
X Jjp* * ALL THE WEEK.
y . We judge we have sufficient (ovei
O ANOTHER STORE 12,000 yards), a special sale of
d DPfftDn cri incnn £XTRA black novelty GROi
JT KCtUKU CvyLJrafcUJ. GRAIN SILKS, 19 Inches wide, al
V . pure silk, small medium and large
V , Large operations are character- designs. The best silk value thai
O f tIC tn h^^JH d th t e 8biI " wlll be shown in '96 will be found ir
X.&^liSl^TS.'StSl.SS: thi f remarkable presentation. Ne.
j£ ing features of the Big Store. If strictly up-to-date, a spring favorite.
&£) by taking a carload of a single This week 75c d yard.
fj> article at prices to our public's
&S advantage the purchase is made. < SEE SH °w WINDOWS.)
(|® This weeks it's 154 pieces of ' . . ' '.
II BLACK NOVELTY GROS GRAIN
§&. SILK tO sell at 75C a yard. XOVELTYo The Fashionable Gro*
»S (SEE SHOW WINDOWS.) SW^L X ° Iraln1 raln - quickest seller.
SJ< SlI.Ks. p Ihe sturts you see hevevei
l x^y . -: ' 00000000 stylish women congregate.
£f SPKCIAI. olt will he very pleas- 8 Week trom to nder value
®*«p SII,K ■ v p ant to get lirst picks
(*><£) SELLIXC. 0 from these handsome
£<•) 00000000 Silks. The patterns are
rtf® choice° UB ' but there always a flrBt FANCY TWO-TONED SILK, a
|x| choice. broken line of colors in a 75c qual-
|| BLACK PEAU DE SOIE. 19 cSice Swel SpSa't T*
II SSSS!S& i f JS2i q SS; 59 ° »" ■ r " d
(*(•• week at
$<S> . 75c per Yard
|| FANCY-COLORED SILK, a special
1® BLACK SATIN DUCHESS, full i«}nr. g i iac< gr^ 1111 , w , !t i? { ™ Q y
|@ 24 inches wide, all silk our ™bS • &' a d> be3t S^*
if ia ; t sigrade - Special this ,Sta w^SeSß'fo-J incLes Wlde '
$% 75c per Yard SI.OO per Yard
P&
fj|! BLACK BROCADED GROS v , KrT TIPPQnTV qtt tr *,- vi •
m GRAIN, extra heavy weight, inJino?? 81 1 SILK * P& 1 *. U "
«® all new deeiens, •>> inches luminated effects on a fancy Jac-
II wide. Special this week at lpecfallhi s U^eck ° mChCB WidC>
'|| 81 25 Yard | *1.25 per Yard
*)(•) ■ — —
i.j. " - '
1 NEW DRESS GOODS.
: ; Fresh With the Mystic Charm of Newness.
V FANCY SUITING, special line of FANCY VIGOREUX, a special line
« .IS-inch all-wool imported two- adapted lor bicycle costumes
Jk toned Suiting, in four designs, comes in tan or gray mixtures
X aU "^ Yard | _>ice, »1.00 Yard
X FANCY SUITING, a new line of FANCY SUITING, a line of silk and
y fancy French Suitings, striped woul iTesden effects in French
«\ effects, 38 inches wide, new Novelty Suitings, 42 inches wide,
X colorings, very swell, just in. latest spring colorings.
y Price, 750 Yard Price, »1.35 Yard
y FANCY SUITING, silk and wool FANCY SUITING, special line of
#L Frenen Novelty Suiting, two fancy Bourette effects in French
j£ designs, all new goods, just Novelty Suiting, a very heavy and
C» received. stylish fabric.
JL Price, SI. OO Yard Price, 91. 50 Yard
ytiALE BROS., Inc.,
T, 939,941,943, 945 MARKET STREET.
matter and in purity, and it is to the com- j
mon interest of farmer and manufacturer :
to have them harvested and milled as '
soon as possible.
Harvesting may be divided into three
operations: Plowing out, topping and
hauling. Plowing is performed by a
specially made plow which does not, how
ever, need description as it is merely an
adaptation of the best plow used in Europe.
It is very cheap and saves an immensity
of labor; a man and two horses should
plow out one and a half to two acres per
day. The beets after this plowing are
left standing nprignt, but quite loose, in
the ground. They are pulled up, shaken
free from dirt, tnrown into rows or piles,
topped by hand with a sharp knife and
thrown into baskets ready to be linally
loaded into wagons and hauled to the
factory.
Topping is at present the most expen- I
sive operation, and costs on an average
7.3 cents per ton.
Beets should be hauled to the factory im
mediately after topping, as they rapidly
deteriorate upon exposure to our hot sun.
If they cannot be hauled at once, they
should be well covered with leaves. A
single day's exposure to the hot sun will
make an appreciable difference in both
quality and quantity. Beets thus exposed
become flabby, and instead of crisp, brittle
roots, they are tough, and can be tied into
a knot without breaking.
Danger from frost in this climate is very
slight.
Beets are bulky, and the cost of hauling
is a considerable item of expense. Within
a radius of three miles from the factory it
varies from 25 cents to 50 cents per ton , and
from three to six miles from 50 cents to
$1 50 per ton. As this is about the limit
that can be paid for hauling, it naturally
restricts the best growing area of a mill
without railroad facilities to about one
hundred square miles.
SANITARY CONVENTION.
The Annual State Meeting to Take
Place at Los Angeles on the
20th Inn.
The fourth annual State Sanitary Con
vention is to meet at Los Angeles on the
20th inst., under the außpices of the State
Board of Health. The session will be di
vided as follows:
Morning— Prayer, Rev. Burt Estes Howard
Los Angeles; address of welcome, Hon. Frank
Rader, Mayor of Los Angeles; address of pres
ident, Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna; response,
Dr. W. F. McNutt of San Francisco; election of
officers for the ensuing year; appointment, by
the president-elect, of a committee on publica
tion.
Afternoon— Address by the president-elect
' Street-cleaning and Disposal of Garbage," Dr.
H.L. Orme, Los Angeles; "Yard Sanitation,"
Dr. A. E. liegensburger, San Francisco; "The
•Spasmodic Development of Smallpox," Dr
George Goodfellow, Territorial Health Officer.
Arizona; "Typhoid Fever from a Financial
Standpoint," Dr. Thomas Ross, member of
City Board of Health, Sacramento; "Facilities
for the Treatment of Contagious and Infec
tious Diseases in the Public Institutions of
California," Dr. A. E. Osborne, superintendent
Home for Feeble-minded, Eldridge; "The Im
perative Necessity of Rigid .Sanitary Regula
tions in Southern California," Dr. P. C. Remon
dino, member State Board of Health, San
Diego; '-Colorado Desert as a Sanitarium," Dr.
M. F. Price, aanitary inspector for the State
Board of Health in Southern California, Indio
Evening— "House Ventilation," Dr. D B
VanSlyck, Pasadena; "Ventilation of Public
Buildings," W. W. Oates, architect, Stockton
"The Gymnasium from the Standpoint of the
Sanitarian," Dr. W. \V. Hitchcock, Los Angeles
'•Public Hygiene," Dr. J. R. Lame, secretary
btate Board of Health, Sacramento; "The
Paramount Sanitary Need," Dr. Xorman
Bridges, Los Angeles; "Manual Training and
Health," Professor Charles H.Keyee, Pasadena
"Report on Anti-Toxin." Dr. J. H. Davidson'
president State Boird of Health, Los Angeles
Two Sadden Deaths.
Conrad Hock, an expressman, aged 56 years,
died in a saloon at 204 Sacramento street at
2 o'clock p. m. yesterday. He was suffering
from a pain in his heart and went into the
saloon to rest.
Matilda Denxter, a native of Sweden aged
34 years, died suddenly at 31 Hunt street at
noon yentcrday.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. I! yau & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, •
AGAINST THE DIRECTORS.
The Safe Deposit's Hand in the
People's Home Bank
Litigation.
MISMANAGEMENT IS ALLEGED
j The Board is Said to Be Careless and
Negligent, and Unfit for
Office.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company has thrown a bombshell into
the litigation which is pending around the
People's Home Savines Bank. It is the
assignee of over $700,000 worth of claims,
and as such assignee it has brought suit to
have summoned S. K. Thornton, Eugene
j M. Freeman, William H. Pbelps, John F.
Sheehan, George Stone and William P. Tay
lor, all directors of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank.
The actual amount of assigned claims
represented by the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company was $722,972 28, and
this amount included the claims of 2657
depositors, but there has been paid to the
account of these claims, $108,445 "84, leaving
an unpaid balance of $614,526 44.
The complaint alleges that the directors
complained of have been guilty of crimi
nal carelessness and negligence in the ad
ministration of the affairs of the bank.
The plaintiff alleges that an inspection of
the books was refused, although several
times demanded, nor could any satisfac
tion be got from them until the aid of the
court was called into the case. The direc
tors have refused to call in the \mpaid
capital stock upon demand, and their
records are not properly kept, continues
the complaint, and if left in power the ob
noxious directors will delay and impede
such a course as much as possible. It is
also alleged that transfers of stock from
solvent transferors to insolvent transfer
ees was also made with the idea of defeat
ing the claims of the bank creditors.
The complainant further alleges that
Stone, Thornton and Sheehan on July 15,
1895, decided that it would be for their
best interests individually to procure the
resignation of Merrell, a director, and
elect a director who would favor their
projects and plans, and who would oppose
ttie calling in of the unpaid capital of said
savings bank and impede its collection.
Accordingly they caused Phelps to make
a proposition to Merrell, to the effect that
he should purchase the said claim of Mer
rell against the savings bank, and that
Phelps should pay Merrell a sum of money
largely in excess of the real value of his
claim. This proposition was coupled with
the condition that Merrell should resign
his office as a director of the bank, and
with the further condition that in the
event that Stone and Thornton should fail
to elect him a director that any money
paid to Merrell should be relumed and re
funded to him. and that a re-assignment
should be made to Merrell of his claim
against the bank.
Merrell assigned his claim to Phelps and
delivered to Phelps his resignation as a
director. Then Phelps caused Merrell to
leave the City temporarily in order that
he might not attend the meeting of the
board of directors, which was to be held
July 24, 1895, and in order that Merrell
might not reconsider his action and with
draw his resignation.
Men ell's resignation was accepted by the
votes of Davidson, Stone, Thornton and
Johnson, and Phelps was elected a director
«Qnn 1S place - Terrell's claim wai for about
It is further charged that Sheehan has
paid out in useless salaries large sums of ,
yEW^TO^PAT^DRT GOODS.
THE DRY GOODS
PRICE-MAKERS
FOR CALIFORNIA.
SPECIALS.
JAPANNED HAIRPINS, all steel, com<
in packages, 2% and 3 inches r
long. Special price per package. <»t
BONE BUTTONS, in \ mixed dark colors
about the size of a nickel. Special jr r
price per dozen ul
ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, 5 casea just ar
rived, all new spring colorings anc
styles; regular 12J,£c grade. Spe- /C-,
cial price per yard vli.
SATIN AND GROS GRAIN RIBBON,
No. 9, all silk, in bUck, green, orange
yellow, corn, pink, lavender, modes
light blue and nile. Special price /C n
per yard. UC
LONSDALE MUSLIN, 5 cases to be sold,
the standard grade, usually sold at 9c
and 10c per yard. Special price nl n
per yard...... *2*»
AUTHOR CALENDARS, the 25c kind,
beautiful designs, with quotations. C/-.
Special to close out. . Price each.. •MI-
LADIES' WHITE LAWN APRONS, full
size, with fancy stripe bottom ■t- j yi r
and deep hem. Special price. . I
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN WAISTS,
ruffled front, regular 50c grade, sizes 32,
34 and 36, the lot to close. 'Sc^-.
Special -price each........ <£tSL
200 pairs LACE CURTAINS, 3 yards long,
in ecru and white, generally sold A c.-,
at 75c pair. Special price pair.. T"«?L
100 pairs LACE CURTAINS. 3 yards long,
in ecru and white, generally 'sold f^f\ r
at 90c pair. Special price pair. . vlvfL
25 LADIES' BRILLIANTINE SKIRTS,
5 yards wide, bound all around bottom
with velveteen binding, lined through-
out with rustle percaline; regular $£
skirt. This price for Mont "1 CA
day only, Very special &OttJ\J
25 LADIES' BLACK VELVETEEN
CAPES, silk ruching around collar,
yoke trimmed with blacfc satin ribbon,
lined throughout with fancy silk;
good value at $10. Oar price <t jC CA
for Monday only <>U«i7U
money, much of which went to himself.
T. Carl Spelling is also criticized for a sum
he drew, because it is charged that it was
largely in excess of what he deserved.
Concluding, the complaint says there
are nineteen more suitb now pending, in
volving an amount of about $200,000, which
need the attention and direction of a
competent attorney, and it is alleged that
in this time of need the true reason
for dispensing with the services of John
Flournoy was that he was faithful to his
duties in prosecuting the suits of the
stockholders, and in enforcing the de
mands of the bank.
It is further alleged that Sheehan is in
receipt of a salar}- of $175 a month, and
that the amount is far beyond what he
earns. That he is devoting much of his
time to the Cripple Creek Development
Company, an association in which both
Stone and Thornton are interested, and
that he is neglecting his duties as secre
tary and manager of the bank.
The complaint concludes as follows:
Wherefore, complainant alleges that the
said Eugene M. Freeman, William P.
Taylor, George Stone, W. H. Phelps, S. K.
Thornton and John F. Sheehan, and
each of them, are not the proper
persons to be intrusted with the clos
ing of the affairs and business of said
People's Home Savings Bank in the in
terest of the depositors, creditors and
stockholders thereof, and respectfully
prays said honorable court that an order
be made to show cause in the above
entitled action why the said Eugene M.
Freeman, Georee Stone, William P. Tavlor,
S. K. Thornton and William H. Ptielps
should not be removed from the office of
diieclors of said bank, and why the said
George Stone should not be removed from
the office of president of st>id savings bank,
and why the said John F. Sheehan should
not be removed from the office oi secretary
and manager thereof, and further prays
that at the time fixed for the hearing of
said order said court make an order re
moving the said Eugene M. Freeman,
George Stone, William P. Taylor, S. K.
Thornton, William H. Phelps and John F.
Sheehan from the offices held by them,
and that said court make such other and
further order in the premises as it may
deem fitting and proper.
OCEAN VIEW COURSING.
Sixteen Does Will Compete for the
Frizes in To-Day's Stake.
To-day's coursing at Ocean View will
begin with a sixteen-dog stake, in which
some of the best dogs of this City are en
tered. Following is the result of the
drawing:
Villa kennel's Electric vs. C. B. Wood's Lady-
Byron; J. Quane's Cuptain Morse vs. P. Ryan's
Magpie; J. O'Connor's True Blue vs. J. Bax
ter's Yankee Doodle; J. McLaughlin's Ben vs.
J. T. Hannon's Foxhall: D. Burfiend's Lucky
Dog: vs. M. Welch s Maud 8; D. Burfiend's
Tricks vs. J. D. Smith's Mission Boy; G. Watt
son's Last Chance vs. C. Coop's California Vio
let; W. I). Murphy's Cottage Boy vs. W. D.
Murphy's Lord Clifton.
In case the regular stake is decided early
enough a consolation stake will be run.
One Day's Grace.
Although the notable introductory dis
tribution of that great reference library,
the New Encyclopaedic Dictionary, ws»a an
nounced to close yesterday, the syndicate
has, for reasons explained, decided to al
low one day's grace, thus extending the
time of closing to Monday night, at 10
o'clock.
The fact is there are always those who
defer even what they know to be a duty to
themselves and families. This is espe
cially true of busy men, and will apply in
this notable instance. Many others, es
pecially ladies, were doubtless deterred by
the threatening weather. In justice to
those who really meant to apply in time,
but could not, and to accommodate others
who, for good cause, have been thus far
prevented from calling, orders which will
be sent any time before Monday night at
12 o'clock will be received and tiled.
A lawyer down in Biddeford, Me., is said
to be afflicted with an unusual mania, and
that is for collecting lanterns. So long has
LACE CURTAINS. i=^^few X
HERE'S A SURPRISE. J^\-^l\ X
— iJa 9
i The ordinary way wasn't quick RDIfiHTFN lIP X
f enough fora manufacturer to dispose DKluniCl> ur %#
of a surplus stock of about 5000 pairs THE OLD HOME. Cr
of Lace Curtains. We made him a ■ £%
very low offer, but he surprised us Bri _ hte up the old home with A
by accepting it. Now we're going to new curtains. The opportunity _5f
surprise you. HOUSEKEEPERS OR Ij s now. Dollars are worth nearly O
HOTEL-KEEPERS having Curtain double in Curtain-buying this *%
needs (present or prospective) are in- week at Hales. PRESENT Jf
terested in this SPECIAL SALE. PRICES WILL NOT BEDUPLI- f|
CATEO AGAIN IN 1896. Ihe »«
(SEE show windows.) one chance for housekeepers, gS
Specially bought. Specially sold, A®
Nearly 5000 pairs. The variety ®@
great and a FEW DIMES PAY ||
BIG A It is not always easy to FOR A REAL HOME LUXURY. 0®
CURTAIN Q get 30 or 30 pair of one pat- lC rp &wnw wiNnnw<i ) £>c
SKT.T.TXG. 6 tern. If you come here now (SEE SHOW WINDOWS &g
0000000-O you can do this, and, be- GfV
-in 1--, save a big third from regular _. _ ct v i« aan , nrlc«»a com- @>P
prices LACE O Styles and prices com- 0*
F CURTAIN 6 bine to make this Cur- g,ft
SALK. 6 tain Sale one of uncom-
0000-0000 mon interest. Those 0^
J who would buy Curtains for least 00
' 50 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, 3 yards money buy this week. £>|)
' lone, full 42 inches wide, in ecru ®S
and white. 150 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, @§
• Sale Price, 75c Pair 31^ o 4 yards long, 50 to 52 Svs
\ inches wide, white and ecru. *^
[ 200 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, 3# Odd lots of our Curtains. Pair <•).•)
[ 200 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, 3U Sale_Price, *1.45 Pair ||
yards lon^, full 48 inches wide, in .__ . ,T. __ , TTT ,r^ >^><
; ecru and white; our regular $125 100 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, «@
Curtains. *H yards long, 50 to 54 inches <tV
Sale Price, 95c Pair wide, white and ecru; our reg- g.^j
1 ular grade.  . JjS
1 Sale Price, 53. 35 Pair g,^
'. s 50 pairs of LACE CURTAINS. ®h
200 pairs of LACE CURTAINS,. 4 Irish point, 3 yards by 50 $$
, yards long, 54 inches wide, ecru inches, . ecru only, slightly 00
: and white; the $1 75 kind. < ■ ' soiled; our regulars 2 75 grade. 00
Sale Price, 81.30 Pair S»l« Price, »1.05 Pair 00
• 1 (*<•)
; NEW CAPES AND JACKETS. |
1 A Radiance of Good Values. A Sparkling of Low Prices. SS
50 LADIES' TAN CLOTH SINGLE 25 LADIES' REEFER JACKETS, O
CAPES, braiding on collar and tra quality, all-wool Kersey f£
cape, tan only, 20 inches long; reg- Cloth, notched coilar, ripple }f
,i S* Kn ™~ back, front and ripples lined €%
uiarssOape. „„ pr , cc , 53 . 50 with fancy figured silk, entire 6
Our Price, 53. 50 Jacket finished with small «*
, -;——', pearl buttons, 24 inches long, JL
tan only, sizes 32 to 40. '£ his " w
50 LADIES' CHEVIOT JACKETS, Jacket must be seen to be £%
:in black and navy blue, ripple back, $Fs P 50 Ciated Re S ular Talue ifL
self-faced with same material, * n „ . — .- •■■ %r
,  ... •,  , ' Our Price, 813.50 j&
double-stltched all around, 24 £%
inches long, sizes 32 to 4i; regular /GL
$5 Jacket. %F
Our Price, 53. 50 M%
NOTE. 6
30 LADIES' TAN COVERT-CLOTH We have just received by fast freight V
JACKETS, buttons on side, high an elegant line of Duck Suits wirch O
. velvet collar, ripple Dack, ripples will be displayed in our window X
lined with silk, sizes 32 to 38. This These suits are the latest New York If
garment is cheap at *10. Btyle3( and we give you a Cord i a l mvi- O
Our Price, 87.50 I tation to inspect them. €%
the craze continued that his house is tilled
with everything Irom a bicycle lantern to
the kind used on the dasher of a carriage.
\msg. &mm>' 'iMW I
jlitepp]
mfit
IrfuMtrl
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
Ladies!
Special attractions and surprises this
week in TAN SPRING JACKETS,MISSES'
and LADIES' SILK WAISTS, TAILOR-
MADE AND FANCY SUITS; surprises j
as to prices as well as novelty of styles, j
Lowest prices in the city for goods of this ;
class 10 percent cheaper elsewhere means
50 per cent inferior. ,
ARfIAND CAILLEAU,
40-42 Geary St.
$75 fo»4 ROOMS
%g? M *J CONSISTING OF ';,"i^
PARLOR I DININC-ROOM,KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ............. 5O Cents
Oil Cloth, peryard... .::........ .ses Cents
Matting. peryard ....... ..................lO Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............ 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror .-.s£s OO
t T. brilliant,
410 POST ST., above Powell j
OPEN EVENINGS
Foar-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
07 *Tec Packin ( and Delivery across the Baj. i
m
NOTICE OF SALE
...OF ...
MARIN COUNTY
Railroad Refuftg
BONDS.
linnn hH. , Ref , undine Bonda-180 bonds at
?1000 each, bearing Interest at 4 per cent per an-
num : bond 3 payable on tne Ist day of Jauuarv
1916, or at any time before that date at the pitas!
ure of the County of llarin; interest payable
the first day of January and July in each year- the
™dS™o?°$ n i0 UDS fr ° m the flrst day of A P ' 189B*
Him is lor jf x\j* t '.-.'■.
Th^'r'v I jf reb -X- given by the «ndersi ned.
Thomas J. Fallon. County Treasurer of the Co,m:y
of Mann, State of California, that bids for the pur-
chase of the above-described bonds will be received
by him at the County Treasurer's office of Maria
cSffilE on 8 CUy ° f Sftn Kafae '. Maria Cointy^
Monday, May 4, 1896,
at the hour of 1 O'clock p. m. of said day.
The said bonds will be sold at said Count y Trea».
urer's office on May 4. 1896. at the "hour ot 1
0 clock p. m. to the highest bidder for cash iv
United States cold coin. No bid for less than th«
face value of said bonds and all interest accrued
ol V hem at lhe date of said Bale will be consider"?!
tach bid must be accompanied by a certified
check drawn to the order of said Treasurer for at
least 5 per cent of the par value of the bonris bid
for, which said check shall be forfeited to Marin
County should such bid oe accepted and the party
bidding fail to complete the purchase of the bond*
awarded to such party within flve days from th«
date of such award. ln *
The right is reserved to reject aDy or all bids.
THOMAS J. FALLOW,
County Treasurer of Marin County.
San Rafael, Marin County, April 10, 1896. -
■ " ' .\ y»V'*-V;?:; ,/;,-','!'■' ■ . . - ■
*. IRON BEDS, '<
■J^lL^* BRASS BEDS,
** ' f FOLDINGBEDS*
"Wire and : Hair Mat-
irfsM.s, Kecllnlnn
<ff , ., • Chairs, Wheel Chalri
Tj t.......m «-ounuodes. Back Restt
1 *v ftrrrn w# a - schrocic
Ezrtl -L I/Ml „ — 2i —
* '"■»' — « ii I" . New V.iniiKiiiiifrT
w •*•» J >t., uiuii ■:■ Grand
Motel. S. W.
■'■ ~ .
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES ASD HARJESS.
tff&SSifAjlj* Fltty per cent saved'
TPih»saM .>Tr tiictory prices— Send
•ThANj^^^v IJncKies ... .s76tosl-.'5
>^t>-Jl^vs«^A/N. r| ir""=:es...<iloo to S'() i
A/gmuWH^^JVC\ yw»: ■•• Wo to sioo
Pf^^S^«£^%i^J liarness $s to $25
VWOTTyVTOrOWn M sbl P everywhere.
VTOWA WJ California Wagon anTi
r>»->»<ri_jgjffi< '-'rria^i Co., .se^j to
•1-i'. a Fremont at., a. Jb\