VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 26.
TILLMAN'S FREE
SILVER SPEECH,
New Yorkers Listen to Ar
guments for Free
Coinage.
CAPITALISTS ATTACKED
President Cleveland Proclaimed
to Be a Tool of Wall
Street.
AN APPEAL TO LABORING MEN.
Free Silver and New Precautionary
Coin and Gold Certificates
Demanded.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 25.-The sil
ver mass-meeting at Cooper Union to
night tilled the large auditorium and all
the available standing room. The
audience was enthusiastic. Senator Ben
jamin R. Tillman of South Carolina oc
cupied a prominent place on the platform
and was cheered lustily when he entered
the auditorium.
George F. Keeney, founder of the Ameri
can Silver Organization, presided. He
said tbat the object of the meeting was to
get resolutions adopted declaring for the
free coinage of silver and urging the adop
tion of free coinage by the Chicago Con
vention.
After Senator Bixby had made a few
remarks, in wbich he said the country
needed free siver and was going to get it,
Hon. Alexander Delmar was introduced
as a recognized authority, tbe world over,
on the money question. He made a
lengthy speech in which he said that the
capitalists were not content with the high
rates of interest, but wanted to bind the
people to pay in gold, of which the,y
had a monopoly. The country needed a
medium of exchange. Gold would not do,
because it would flow out of the country.
Silver and greenbacks would do, because
they would stay here. Fifty per cent of
the business of the country, the speaker
said, is done by note, proving that there
is not sufficient money countine iv both
gold and silver, for the volume of business.
"This nation, if it is to remain inde
pendent, must devise and maintain its
own system of money," said Mr. Delmar,
"and I saw, with the monetary com mis
sions of I*7« and 1878. that aX attempts to
render money international are doomed
to disastrous failure."
It took several minutes for the vast
crowd in the auditorium to get through
cheenne when Senator Tillman was in
troduced. He began by paying his re
spects to the newspapers. He said that
the night would give an opportunity to
show the members of tbe audience tbat
the newspapers were unconscionable
liars. The owners of the newspapers, he
said, were prostitutes of journalism, and
not a paper in New York would dare print
his speech in full. The speaker said that
although he had been much talked about
and lied about, he had written his name
on a page of South Carolina history in
such a way that it would remain there
always. Coming to the money question,
the Senator said :
"If the Chicago Convention does not give
us Democracy and return to the faith of
Washington and Jefferson I will have
nothing to do with it afterward. The
money question is up and has got to be
settled. It is as important as was the
slavery question, and if enough of you can
get togetner to reverse the verdict of the
two millionaire conventions you will de
serve the thanks of the whole county. "
Senator Tillman referred to the moneyed
men of the East as timble-riergers, and re
peated bis assertion that Cleveland was a
tool of Wall street. Tbe Senator called on
all those who had handled god within a
year to hold up their hands. Half a dozen
hands were raised. Then he called on
those who had not handled gold coin to
raise their hands. Possibly a thousand
bands went up.
THE RESIDENCE OF WILLIAM McKINLEY AT CANTON, OHIO.
The photograph from which the above picture was made was presented to "The
Call's" correspondent, John Paul Cosgrave, by Mrs. McKinley on the occasion of his
visit to Canton in the interest of this paper last Saturday.
The San Francisco Call.
"Then where is the gold gone?" asked
Senator Tillman. "You have not handled
it. although 1450,000,000 or $550,000,000 in
Government bonds were sold on Manhat
tan Island."
The Senator said that if he were in the
Senate committee investigating the recent
bond sale, he would ask President Cleve
land why he made a private contract to
sell bonds at 104J^ per cent, when they
were selling on the public market at 117.
He then talked about unemployed labor,
which he said was a lever by wbich those
employed were ground down to low
wages.
"You see on your own streetcar lines,"
he continued, "cars labeled 'United States
Mail.' These cars don't carry any mail.
They are put on there so the car lines can
claim the protection of United States
troops in case of a strike."
Senator Tillman characterized John
Sherman of Ohio as the high priest of
I Mammon and the joint-owner with Hanna
of William McKinley. "All of you who
are going to vote for gold, hold up your
hands," concluded the Senator. Five |
hands were held up. .
"All these who are going to vote for
silver, regardless of party, hold up your
hands." Over half the audience raised
their hands.
The speaker said, as he sat down:
"America for Americans, and to with
England and all other countries."
Clarence Ladd-Davis read resolutions
which were adopted by acclamation. They
demand the incorporation in the platform
of the National Democracy of the follow
ing:
First, A— That the mints of the United States
shall be reopened to equally unrestricted coin
age of goid and silver into unlimited legal
tender money oi the United States; the gold
to issue in the present standard goid coins,
and the silver to issue in the present standard
silver dollars.
B— Depositors o! gold or silver at the mints
to receive, if they prefer, in lieu of coin at
the coining value, coin of the United States
which shall be redeemed on demand, in gold
or silver coin at the option and according to
the convenience of the United States.
C— As a safeguard against panic and money
stringency the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be empowered to issue coin certificates addi
tionally against deposits of interest-bearing
bonds of the United states, the interest accru
ing on the bonds to Inare to the United States
! pending their re-exchange for the coin certifi
j cates, which coin certificates when returned j
shall be canceled, provided that such addi- j
tional issues of coin certificates shall not
reduce the percentage of coin and bullion
reserved for coin certificates and silver certifi
cates below 60 per cent of the aggregate sum
of coin certificates and silver certificates out
standing. The now outstanding silver certifi
cates, gold certificates and treasury notes of
1890 to be retired as they come into toe
treasury.
This (A) is free coinage at 16 to 1; the
convenient gold certificate (B) to take the
place of gold certificates, silver certificates
and treasury notes of 1890; the safeguard
(C) would provide for a temporary in
crease of $327,000,000 of paper money
against the silver reported in the treasury
June L
Second— We demand provision for direct
legislation by means of the optional Initiative
and referendum.
It was resolved that a committee attend
tbe Populist convention ; n Rt. Louis to
urge the adoption of tbe above demands
as means to harmonize all elements of
reform, in order to unite all reform forces
for the pending campaign.
GEORGIANS FAVOR SILVER
Ten Out qf Eleven District Deieea- i
tlons Are Pledged to Its
Support.
MACON, Ga., June 25. — Georgia's |
Democracy adopted the unit rule in con
vention to-day and sent a solid delegation
to Chicaeo for free silver. Hon. Steve
Clay was elected cha irman of the conven
tion.
Tbe delegates at large to Chicago aie:
E. P. Howell of the Atlanta Constitution, j
Senator Patrick Walsh of tl.e Augusta
Chronicle, Hal Lewis and J. Pope Brown.
Out of eleven Congressional districts there j
are ten solid silver delegations, and the
eleventh is bound to vote for a 16 to 1 bi- I
metallic platform and bimetallic candi
dates under the unit rule.
The platiorm deplores lynchines and
favors the enactment of such laws as will
effectually prevent the same; declares its
devotion to "pure Democratic faith, which
demands that the primary money of the
country shall be tbe gold and silver coin
age of the constitution and which favors a
circulating medium convertible into such
money without loss"; and demands the
free and unlimited coinage of both silver
and gold, independent of the action of any
other Government, at the ratio of 16 to 1.
It also condemns "a financial policy wbich
necessitates the increase of the bonded :
debt of the country in time of peace, to .
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 26, 1896.
This portrait is reproduced from a recent photograph presented to John Paul Cos
grave, correspondent of "The Call," on the occasion of his visit to the McKinley
residence at Canton last Saturday.
maintain a gold reserve, or to pay the cur
rent expenses of the Government."
It demands the repeal of all laws "which
clothe a Secretary of the Treasury with
the more than imperial power to issue
bonds and increase the public debt at his
will and pleasure without specific author
ity from Congress."
It favors the payment of the public debt
as rapidly as practicable; a tariff for rev
enue only; the repeal of the unconstitu
tional tax upon State bank issues, and
advocates the adoption of the constitu
tional amendment which will authorize
the collection of a graduated income tax.
The entire list of State officers was re
nominatert excepting the State Treasurer,
who declined the honor, so the Assistant
Treasurer, W. J. Spear, was named lor the
office. The others are: Governor. \V. H.
Atkinson; Secretary of State, A. B. Cand
ler; AttorneyrGeneral, J. Al. Terrell; Com
missioner of Agriculture, R. T. Nesbitt;
Comptroller-General, W. A. Wright.
DOWN IN NORTH CAROLINA.
The Democratic S:ate Convention
Entirely Controlled by Free
Sliver Men.
RALEIGH, N. C, June 25.— The Demo
cratic couvention here to-day was one of
the most largely attended ever held in
the State. The silver men were in abso
MRS. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
lute control. The afternoon was devoted
to Fpeech-making and there were scores of
declarations for free si Iyer, in which two
prominent Federal office-holders, Revenue
Collector Simmon? of Raloigh and Dis
trict Attorney R. B. Glenn of Winston,
heartily joined. Clement Manley was
elected permanent chairman.
The platform adopted appeals to the
people to sustain the Jeffersonian anti
centralization principles, favors inde
pendently of other nations free and un
limited coinage of silver and gold without
discrimination against either at the pres
ent legal ratio of lfi to 1, condemns pay
ing Government debts in gold which were
specifically made payable in coin and in
structs the delegates *o Chicago to advo
cate as a unit the restoring of silver.
Tbe resolutions further declare in favor
of a graduated income tax and oppose all
monopolies and trusts. The resolutions
are fervent in their indorsement of tbe
State administration.
A resolution was adopted by the con
vention extending sympathy to the
Cubans struggling for liberty.
Cyrus B. Watson was nominated for
Governor on the first ballot to-night.
McKINLEY IN DEMAND.
Ke Is Wanted In a Score of Places
to Act as a Fourth of
July Orator.
CANTON, Ohio, June 25.— Major Mc-
Kinley is in great demand as a Fourth of
July orator. Invitations from a score of
places have been received asking him to
take part in celebrations. This evening a
very strong delegation from Columbus,
Ohio, headed by Mayor Allen, urged him
to come to Columbus on the Fourth, not
as a Presidential candidate, but as an old
friend among his own people.
It is proposed to have an old-fashioned
muster and Fourth of July celebration,
and it is expected that 100,000 people will
co to Columbus to participate in it. Major
McKinley is strongly inclined to accept.
Among the callers at the McKinley
residence to-day was Mrs. Robert Peer
Fuller of Cheyenne. She told Major Mc-
Kinley that she would vote for him and
that he would receive the ballot of every
woman voter in Wyoming.
"The women of the country like your
quality of manhood," said. Mrs. Fuller.
"It appeals to us all. We believe in you,
and you may be sure that the influence of
the women of the United States will be
exerted in your behalf."
Other callers were Charles A. Moore, a
widely known Brooklyn manufacturer;
ex-Governor Sidney Edgerton, E. P.
Wbiteman of New York City ana Mr. and
Mrs. G. A. Crittendon of Brooklyn.
Colonel Thomas Ochiltree cabled his
congratulations from London this even
ing. Colonel Tom Allen, the Democratic
j Mayor of Columbus, pleased McKinley's
j friends to-night by declaring he would
vote the Republican ticket if the Demo
crats made a free-silver platform. Mr.
Allen is a manufacturer and a large em
ployer of labor.
MONTANA SILVER MEN.
Rousing Reception Accorded Con
gressman Charles S. Hartman
by Butte City People.
BUTTE, Mont., June 25.— Congressman
Charles S. Hartman visited Butte to-day
and was given tbe greatest reception ever
accorded a public man in this State. Sev
eral hundred men, including some of the
most prominent citizens of Butte, pulled
the Congressman's carriage from the depot
to the hotel, a distance of over a mile.
The city had the appearance of a holiday
celebration. Bands paraded the streets
and buildings were decorated in honor of
the visitor.
To-night Hartman addressed between
4000 and 5000 people and declared that the
silver Republicans had deserted the
National organization for good or until
the party returned to the people. He pre
dicted a sweeping victory for the Demo
cratic party in case it nominates a free
silver man on a straight 16 to 1 platform.
He favored Henry M. Teller as the strong
est man the Democrats could nominate.
He said the tariff could not be made an
issue in this campaign.
WILL CARLISLE BOLT?
He Denies a Positive Statement
That He Said He Would Vote
for McKlniey.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., June 25.— Harry
Smith, ex-journal clerk of the House of
Representatives, in an interview in the
Telegraph, says that Secretary Carlisle
told him last winter in the presence of
ex-Secretary Foster that if the Democrats
put up a free silver ticket he (Carlisle)
would vote for McKinley if nominated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— The
Continued on Third Page,
George Knight and Charles Heggerty, the Attorneys Who Subjected Mrs. Craven - Fair to a Long
Examination on the Witness-Stand, R. V. Dey, Who Holds the $500,000 Compromise
Contract, and Russell Wilson, Another of the Counsel.
MRS, NETTIE R. CRAVEN
IS J, G, FAIR'S WIDOW,
Upon Her Oath the Lady
Thus Declares Her
Legal Status.
ADDRESSED AS "MRS. FAIR"
BY ALL IN COURT.
Marriage Contract Drawn at 1823 Sutter
Street, September 22, 1892— Graphic
Account of the Writing of the
Pencil Will.
Before Judge Slack last evening, under oath, in the presence of a crowded court
room Mrs. Nettie R. Craven made the statement that she is the lawful widow of
James G. Fair — that her name is Nettie Craven-Fair.
The incident was the most dramatic and sensational that has yet taken place in
this most remarkable case.
Mrs. Craven had come into court in answer to a subpena requiring her to produce
whatsoever documents she had in her possession relating to the estate of the late
Senator Fair.
The courtroom was crowded, for sensation was down on the books to appear, so far
as sensation may at any time be scheduled.
There was with her all her intimates in the case — her adviser Roberts, her attorney
Williams, her friend and the only other witness to the pencil will, Mrs. Elizabeth
Haskins. Her daughter was with her also. The ladies sat in a group at the counsel
table with Mrs. Craven's counsel, W. W. Foote and Mr. Brittain.
The army of lawyers for the Fair children flocked at the end of the table in front
of the witness-stand. Only two of the number figured actively in tbe proceedings,
however. They were George A. Knight and Charles Heggerty, upon whose motion
the subpena was issued.
None of the papers were submitted — none were called for, in fact, until an appoint
ment was declared.
But for more than two hours Mrs. Craven was subjected to a most searching, and
at times impertinent, questioning as to her relationship with Senator Fair.
With the first question the big courtroom full oi people was on tiptoe of in
terest.
Mrs. Craven's story in brief, as was told, was that she is the widow of James G.
Fair; that they signed a contract on September 22, 1892, binding them as man and
wife. She was then living at 823 Sntter street, and it was there that she herself draw
the contract, and that they two signed it.
' There were no witnesses. From that time Mrs. Craven said she lived with Mr.
Fair as his wife, but they kept the secret to themselves. Mr. Fair, she said, did not
wish it to be made known, as his children would not like it. He was winning up his
! business affairs so that he could leave the State for a year, and then he intended to
maKe the marriage known. His death interfered.
He had made several wills in her presence. The will of the 24th of September, 1884
was written in her rooms at 2007 California street. Mrs. Hawkins called in during the
writing. Mr. Fair wrote the will twice, tirst in pencil and afterward in ink.
At the time of Mr. Fair's death Mrs. Craven was at her own home. She received,
the intelligence by telephone. She did not attend the funeral, but sent a bunch of
roses to be laid upon the casket.
After the funeral Mrs. Craven sent the will to New York for safe keeping and the
interesting story of iier journey to bring it back at the instance of the attorneys for the
Fair children — Mr. Lloyd in particular — was interrupted by adjournment.
She promised to produce tne contract of marriage, the deeds and any other of the
papers called for at the hearing to-night. -
The lawyers and R. V. Dey, subpenaed on the other side to produce the $500,000
compromise contract, were in court and sworn, but they will not take the center of
the stage for some days, if they are not to be heard until Mrs. Craven's side of the
story is told.
Mrs. Craven was addressed by Court and counsel last night as "Mrs. Fair."
This appears to be in some degree at least in accordance with the custom that
obtained in Judge Coffey's court during the Blythe trial when attorneys called Alice
Edith Dickinson Mrs. Blythe.
The night's proceedings were begun by
W. W. Foote stating to the court that
subpenas had been served upon the fol
lowing witnesses, directing them to be
present in court at this time: George A.
Knight, Russell J. Wilson, C. Heggerty. R.
B. Mitchell, Reuben H. Lioyd, W. S.
Wood, Garret W. McEnerney, William F.
Gibson, Richard V. Dey and others.
Those of them who were present were
sworn in form and then Mrs. Craven was
called to the witness-stand.
When Mrs. Craven took the stand and
was sworn a deep silence ensued in the
courtroom for the period of a dozen heart- i
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
beats. Then Mr. Knight leaned forward
in bis chair and asked in that loud, inci
sive tone of voice that belongs to him,
"What is your name?"
The witness had evidently been think
ing of this question and was ready for it.
She settled herself in the chair as she
answered without hesitation:
"Nettie R. Craven-Fair."
"When were you married to Mr. Cra
ven?"
"In August, 1871."
"When did you change your name from
Craven to Fair?"
Mr. Foote now made a protest. "I sab-2
Mit, your honor, that the whole history of
this woman is not relevant here."
"We are questioning this lady on the
circumstances incident to this inquiry.
The questions are preliminary." said
Heggarty.
The court asked for and read the affi
davit upon which the subpena was based
and allowed the question.
The witness answered : "On the 22d day
of September, 1892."
"On that day you were married to James
G. Fair?" repeated Knight.
Foote objected, but the objection was
overruled.
"i'es," said the witness.
"Where?"
"1823 Sutter street."
"Who performed the ceremony?"
"It was a contract between ourselves."
"Who wrote the contract?"
"It was written by myself and subscribed
to by both of us. 1
"Who witnessed it ? "
"No one."
"After the contract was written and
signed did you then live with Mr. Fair as
his wife?"
Objected to b}' Mr. Foote.
"We wish to show the relationship be
tween these people, and these questions
are all directed to that end," said Mr.
Heggarty. "We submit that they are
proper preliminary questions."
"This lady is a witness of their own,"
said Foote. "They have no right to tiy to
impeach her. She is ready to produce all
the papers asked for in the subpena. Any
thing iunher is extraneous and improper.
They have no right to bring these wit
nesses here for the purpose of a fishing ex
cursion."
"Here is the wife of James G. Fair,"
said Knight in reply. "She is the cus
todian of the will of Senator Fair. Who
better than the wife has a right to such
custody? We canno: jump at this thing
in a minute. We have asked nothing that
any one should blusb at. There is no
man in this room who would hesitate to
say when be was married, by whom,
where, how many children were born as a
result of the union, and all that. We
maintain that these are proper questions."
Mr. Foote still objected. "This is not a
question of what relation this Jady bore to
Fair; whether she was his wife or not.
There are four witnesses who have knowl
edge of facts which are material in the
matter before this court," said Mr. Foote,
"but none others. It looks as if we were
enacting a farce here, and you, Mr.
Knight, are the chief comedian. The
whole aim of Mr. Knight's questioning
seems to be to go imo the matter as to
whether this lady was Mr. Fair's wife.
Not a question has been asked but that is
directed at that point. Mrs. Craven has
in her possession certain documents which
we shall produce. And these docu
ments which tbe opposing counsel
are now trying to prove false are the
same papers that the gentlemen pro
nounced eenuine when submitted to them
some months ago. We Ehall produce all
the i apers in possession of the plaintiff,
but no others."
The court overruled the objection, and
Knight's question, "Did you then live
with Mr. Fair as his wife?" was repeated.
The witness, in a low voice that called
fora repetition, answered "Yes."'
"Where?" asked Knight.
'•Where should husband and wile lire
together?" interrupted Foote.
The witness said she did not under
stand, f
"You understand the relationship that
husband and wife hold to each other, do
you not?" a'ked Knight.
"Yes, I do," answered the witness.
"Where were you living?"
"At my home, at 1823 Sutter street."
"Did they know at the house— the others
who lived there— that you were married?"
"I do not know. "
"When did James G. Fair die?"
"December 28, 1594."
"Were you at his bedside?"
"1 was not."
"Did you know that he was sick? 1 '
"Yes."
"Why were you not present at the bed
side of the man you claimed as husband?"
After some hesitation the witness said:
"For reasons that I cannot readily ex
plain. 1 did not wish to be present."
"Did you live with him as his wife up to
the time of his death ? :
The witness said she did not understand
what was meant exactly by the question.
Knight said he did not know how he
could make it plainer. "Now," he said,
"did you ever live any where on God's
green earth with James G. Fair, publicly
as his wife? "
The court interfered and refused to
allow tbe question, because of its wording.
"It is profane," said his Honor.
"I thought if I allowed him to go he
would reach the limit himself," said
Foote.
Knight remodeled the question, still
using the word publicly.
"I don't know what you mean by the
word publicly," said the witness. "We
certainly didn't live out on the street." '
"Can you name any one person that you
ever told about this marriage?"
Upon Foote's objection the court said:
"This seems to have drifted into an in
quiry as to the marriage of Mrs. Fair. The
court used tne words 'Mrs. Fair.' "
"We are not conducting an examination
of the relations between this lady and
Senator Fair," said Foote. "It Is all very
well for Mr. Knight to talk of the sacred
ness of the marriage rslation, but that is
not the question before tbe court. There
are four witnesses who can testify in re
gard to the instruments under question
before this court, and only four. I submit
that Mr. Knight's questions are not pro
pounded in good iaitb, and that all the
facts he is attempting to bring out are
irrelevant."
Judge Slack, however, thought that in
asmuch as she was the purported cus
todian of the Fair will Mr. Knight's ques
tions were pertinent.
Knight, however, shifted bis position.
He ?aid :
• "I will leave this branch of the question
and enter into one to which there will be
no technical opposition." To the witness:
"Did Mr. Fair leave a will with you?"
The witness leaned forward and quietly
answered, "Several."
Knight was not astonished. He asked
with an unchanged tone of voice: "Have
you ever proffered auy of these wills for
probate?"
"Yes, I Have."
"Tell us how many wills "he did write
that you know of?"
"Seven."
"What became of them?"
"Some of them he took with him; some
of them be left with me. There was one
that was stolen," she said significantly.
••Now tell us, did Senator Fair ever leave
% a last will?"
"I don't understand what you mean by
a last will. If you ask me whether he
made a will dated September 24, 1894, I
say that he did and left it with me."
"Where was that?"
"At my rooms at 2007 California street.''
"Who were present?"
"Mrs. Haskin, JJn. Craven and James G.
Fair."
"Was Mrs. Fair present? "
"If you want to put it ao, yea."
"It was you wLo put it that way," said
Knight.
The stenographer raised the question as
to the exact wording of the answer.
"Mrs. Nettie Craven Fair will tell
you," said Knight.
Mrs. Craven complained to the court
as to Knight's repeating the name in the
manner he did and the court said he
would see that she was protected.
Knight explained that there was a Mrs.
Fair, a Miss Craven and a Mrs. Haskin in
this matter. The stenographer wanted to
be set right. As for himself he would
address the witness as Mrs. Fair, as she
testified she was Mrs. Fair.
Toe witness said the manner, not the
wording, was wnat she objected to.
Knight said he was behaving as politely
as he knew how; that he was not aware of
anything in his manner that should offend
the lady. He resumed:
"Did Senator Fair write the will in your
presence?"
"Yes, eir."
"How was it written— with lead pencil or
pen '!' '
"With both."
"What became of the documents?"
"I sent them East to my daughter at
New York about the first week in Janu
ary, 1895. That was after Mr. Fair's
death."
"Were you in Sacramento in January,
1895?"
*'I was, part of the time."
"To whom did you first make known that
James G. Fair had left a holographic
will?"
"In appearing before the Educational
Committee of the Assembly I mentioned
to Senator Earle, I think, that a wealthy
man had left $50,000 to the educational
fund, should an act be passed as we
wished. I did not mention a name."
"What did you send your husband's will
East for?"
"It was not generally known through
out the City that we bad a contract of
marriage, and the very fact of his death
suggested that it need not be known. I
did not want any notoriety."
"Wrs there anything in your relation
ship with Mr. Fair that you should be
ashamed of?"
"No. Mr. Fair did not want it for himself
on account of his children and known other
reasons. He did not want his children to
know until he could get his business in or
der so that he could leave the State for
good."
"Did you know of Mr. Fair's whereabouts
after your marriage?"
"Yes."
"Where was he?"
"At different places.' 1
"Did you ever receive a letter dated at
Yuma from him?"
"Yes."
"How were they addressed?"
"I can't remember."
"Were they addressed 'My Dear Wife?' "
"I couldn't say."
"What became of the letters from your
husband?"
"I sent them to lowa."
"Why did you do that?"
Mrs. Craven leaned forward in her chair
and, looking at Mr. Knight, said:
"I did it so that you folks couldn't steal
them."
The court said to the witness:
"You have called upon m» for my pro
tection from your questioner. I shall
have to request that you answer the ques
tions properly."
"Whom do you mean by 'you folks?"
asked Knight. "We would like to know."
The court interfered a^ain, saying the
witness had been cautioned and would
confine herself to a proper answer to ques
tions.
"But," said Foote, rising, "I maintain
that the answer is a proper one and I stand
here to insist upon it retaining its place
in the record. Papers hav.e been stolen.
There is no doubt about that. They call
it 'abstracted,' but I don't see any differ
ence in the bearing in this regard."
"By whom, tbouph?" asked Knight.
"Who stole or abstracted them? We
would still like to know?'
"Ob, I can't say," said Foote.
The court said he had instructed the
witness bow to answer, but Foote per
sisted in his position that her answer was
all right. The court insisted that he take
his seat and as he still continued to talk
Judce Slack announced that he would fine
him $25 for contempt.
Upon this Foote subsided and Knight
resumed :
"Whom did you send the letters to in
Iowa?"
"To W. W. Cherry, in Colnmbus."
"Why; was there anything in the letters
that the public should not see?"
'•No; I wanted them to be safe, that was
all."
"When did you hear of Senator Fair's
death?"
"The same night that he died."
"Who communicated it?"
"Ii was telephoned to me."
"Did you not remember that night that
you had a holographic will?"
"I do not know."
"Did you not look at that will that
night?"
"No."
"You knew you had it at the time the
will of the 21st was filed?"
"Yes, but I did not mention it then. 1
did not want the notoriety at that time."
"Were you interested in the fact of your
husband's death?"
"Ye.-."
"You were alive to all the circumstances
attending it, were you?"
"I was not dead."
"Now, did you know that another will
had been proffered for debate?"
Objection made and sustained.
"Why did you send that will out of the
State?"
"I did not want the notoriety and I
thought I could file it within ten months.
I wanted time to think about it."
"What do you mean by notoriety? Were
you ashamed of the marriage?"
"No. I thought that with all the Fair
money the heirs could give me trouble."
"What trouble did you expect from the
Fair children?"
"I don't know exactly how to answer.
I don't know what you desire."
"It is not what I desire."
"1 thought they would dispute the fact
of the marriage contract. I feared the
same trouble that Archbishop Riordan
had about the gift to him. They would
dispute it all. I did not care for the will
so much. There was nothing in it for
me."
"What notoriety did you fear then?
It was the notoriety as to your marriage
with Mr. Fair?"
"No!"
"Did you ever have that notoriety?"
Objection sustained.
"Did you attend your husband's
funeral?"
"No."
"Why?"
"I never attend the funeral of any one,
no matter how near."'
"Did you send so much as a daisy to
grace his casket?''
The form objected to and sustained.
"Did you send any flowers?"
"Yes; 1 sent, a bunch of roses."
"Where were you the day of the
funeral?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKJLDAY, dUJNJi; 220, jlovx,.
The House at 2007 California Street, Where Mrs. Craven Resided and Where the Holographic
Will Was Written.
The witness could not Temember.
"What was the condition of your mind
on that day?"
"Somewhat disturbed."
"Was it so disturbed that you could not
remember where you were or what you did
on the day of your husband's hurial?"
"I think I was at home in bed."
Again Foote objected to Knight's line of
questioning. "This certainly is a most
vicious method of examination," he de
clared. "I say 'vicious' advisedly, for
when you want to do so, Mr. Knight, you
certainly can do it as viciously as any
body."
The court overruled Foote's objection,
however, on the ground that such an ex
amination was allowable, because the wit
ness was the custodian of the papers for
the possession of which the contention was
being made.
"Was Mrs. Haskins living there?"
"What do you mean by living there, Mr.
Knight? It was not her home, no. She
called on me that day — the day the will
was made."
"Your husband was there when Mrs.
Haskins came?"
"Yes."
"Did he write two wills while he was
there?"
"There were not two wills. One was a
copj', one being written in ink. Mr. Fair
wrote the leadpencil will first. He copied
it himself in ink. Jin. Haskins came in
after part of it was written."
"Did you dictate any part of it?"
"I dictated two clauses which he incor
porated. One was about the teachers and
the other gave to Charley Fair $500,000 to
even up on the others."
"Do you know Charley Hildebrand ?"
"No."
"Were you at the trial of the Martin will
case ?' '
"For about fifteen minutes."
"Do you know Mrs. Martin?"
"No."
"What kind of paper was the will writ
ten on?"
"On some large paper that I happened
to have for typewriting." •
"What kind of paper was the ink will
written on?"
"On similar paper."
"Have you that will?''
This question brought Mr. Foote to his
feet. "Have you got it?" he inquired.
"Have any of you got it? We would like
to know where it is. If, as has been inti
mated, tbe other side have the will let
them produce it or forever after hold their
peace."
Knight laughed at what he said he con
sidered a joke of Foote's, but the court
took the matter seriously and put the
question to Mr. Knight as to whether he
had the will or not.
Knight protested against the court ask
ing him whether he had a paper which, be
said, his Honor knew he t Knight) did not
have, merely upon an idle remark by Mr.
Foote.
Foote objected to Knight's reference to
his remarks as idle talk. "I was in earnest
when I demanded an answer of Mr.
Knight. I object to having my remarks
called idle talk."
The court called upon Mr. Foote, who
was becoming quite vehement, to take his
»e»t, and threatened to fine him. as:&in lor
! contempt — time more heavily than
•before.
"Well, I don't want to go broke on this
i proposition," said Foote, as he sat down.
When order was restored Knight
i answered for himself and Heircerty that
j they had no such document as Foote inti
mated. Foote still wanted to know
whether any of Mr. Knight's associates,
Mr. Lloyd or others, had the will, but
Judge Slack said Foote might later place
them on the stand to find out whether
they had the document in question, v-u:;:
This dismissed, Mr.' Knight resumed
questioning the witness.
"When you left this City to go East to
get the wills under \vh*t name did you
travel?"
"I took the name of Mrs. J. S. Came
ron.". ■.
"Why?"
Because there was a great deal of ex
citement and I did it for my own safety.
I did not wish to be known."
"Did you not receive telegrams at al
most every station in cipher, addressed
to the name of Cameron?"
"I would not swear to it." She admit- *
ted that she communicated with Mr.
j Rebertß in cipher from ' New York, how
ever. She said the cipher was a written
book, of which she and Mr. Roberts had
copies; that they had had it for several
years.
"What was the necessity of your having
a cipher with Mr. Roberts?"
"The same necessity that I have had for
several years in soing to New York. I did
not wish to telegraph openly on business
affairs." ; , • •
"Did you have a cipher with anybody
else?"
The witness said that she communicated
in cipher with Mr. Milholland of the New
York Tribune— nobody else. .
Here followed a long series of questions
about the cipher and about the precau
tions taken in bringing the will back,
Mrs. Craven being taken ill in New York
and there wag doubt as to whether she
should undertake the journey. She knew
that John W. Mac Key was interested in
the Fair children and she called on him,
' but he was not in. She saw his son.
When she started West ft was not certain
that she could get beyond Chicago, so it
was appointed that a Mr. Tichner should
meet her. She assumed the name of Knox
on the return in order to avoid
detection, and it was . arranged
that . she . wear her '■_■ handkerchief
on her bosom so that he might recongnize
her in the station. She forgot the sign,
however. She took a hack rather than a
carriage in being transferred from station
to station as the safer way. She was very
ill. A man came in and addressed her as
Mrs. Knox and said something about the
papers that he would ; arrange ; about it
and the train moved on.
Foote here pleaded for an adjournment.
He said the witness was not well and had
been tired enough.
Knight insisted, that -the. interesting
story of the journey with the valuable
papers should not be interrupted.
Mrs. Craven— or Fair, as Knight in
sisted on calling her,— called for a glass of
water and said she was feeling faint.
• Judge Slack ordered an adjournment
until this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
The question of the production of the
deeds was raised by Knight, and both
Foote and firittain assured the court that
the deeds would be produced at the next
session of the court.
An adjournment followed and the par
ties to the drama, the lawyers and the
crowd of the mixed curious filed out.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Poitofpee EataUUshed at Walter*, River
side Count:/.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— A post
office was to-day established at Walter?,
Riverside County, Cal., and John A. Muir
appointed postmaster.
Dr. Meisser of San Francisco is at the
Bt. James and W. M. Rose of San Fran
cisco is the Riggs.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original — Robert H. Ed
wards, San Diego. Increase — Theodore V.
Purely. San Jose. Reissue and increase —
Christian Shortz, Lake City. Original
widows— Fanny E. Shaff, San Francisco.
Mexican War survivors, increase— Charles
Bates, South Riverside.
Oregon: Original— Joseph Nichols (de
ceased), Portland; William Jackson, Myr
tle Creek. Original widows— Sarah C.
Nichols, Portland.
NOTABLE WARRING.
Wilton J". Lambert and Miis Bessie Gor
man United at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25. — A
notable social event of mid-June — the
wedding of Miss Bessie Gorman, daugh
ter of Hon. A. P. Gorman, to Wilton J.
Lambert, took place last night at the
residence of Senator and Mrs. Gorman.
Rev. Father Richards, S.J., president, of
Georgetown College, was the officiating
clergyman, and I. F. Little, son ol Judge
Little of Louisville, Ky.. a college friend
of Lambert's, was the best man. The cere
mony was attended by relatives and per
sonal friends of the respective .families, no
formal invitation? to the ceremony having
been issued.
Mr. and Mrs. Lambert will make an ex
tended wadding tour before going to Deer
Park, where they will reside during the
closing days of the summer season.
. - — : — ♦ .'■,-. ■
Tht Presidential Pishing Party Return*.
WASHINGTON, June 25:— The light
house tender Violet, with President Cleve
land, Secretary Carlisle and other mem
bers of the party on board, reached Wash
ington at 9:30 A. m. The party spent most
of the time fishing in Chesapeake Bay, off
the mouth of the James River, not far
from Fortress Monroe. They caught a Jot
of salt-water tish, which were distributed
as presents among the Cabinet officersand
other friends of the President to-day.
Th« Oregon Finally Accepted.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 25.— The
new battleship Oregon has finally been ac
cepted by the Navy Department, the de
fects in her protective deck having been
remedied by the Union Iron Works.
Xeuf California J'ostmaxtern.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— Tbe
following Postmasters were appointed to
day: California — Mrs. J. W. Maxwell,
Powellton; P. H. McGarrey, Tarpsy.
» ♦
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— The
treasury* gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $101,940,339. The day's
withdrawals were $149,400.
PEFFER OPPOSES
TELLER'S BOOM,
Denounces the Taubeneck
Manifesto in Behalf of
the Silverite.
WAS NOT AUTHORIZED.
It Tends to Prevent the Union
of All Foes of the Money
Power.
HOW TO DEFEAT M'KINLEY.
He Says a Combinatian of Silver
Forces Can Alone Accomplish
This End.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 25.—Sena
tor Peffer of Kansas does not expect Mc-
Kinley's defeat this year except by &
union of all tbe free-silver forces. On the
other hand buch a combination, he be
lieves, will sweep the country. This was
the cantral thought of Senator Peffer's
utterances upon the political outlook
to-day with a United Press reporter. In
cidentally the Kansas Senator sharply
criticized Mr. Taubeneck, the secretary of
the Populist National Committee, for the
party manifesto issued by him in St. Louis
a few days ago.
"This manifesto," he said, "was in the
nature of an appeal, signed by Mr.
Taubeneck and other gentlemen, advising
our people to support Senator Teller for
the Presidency when the Populist Conven
tion meets. It was a mistake and it was
wholly unauthorized.
"The leading iaea of our people, when
we formed our party, was to bring about
ultimately a union of all the different re
form elements of the country in opposition
to the power whicn is now recognized by
the term 'money power,' so that we might
be ready at any ti^p to join forces with
the other organizations which, like us, are
in this opposition. But we want them to
do what we have done; stand with the
present organization, so that together we
may form one party which will combine
these various elements of opposition. If
the silver Democrats and silver Republi
cans meet us on that ground, we ought in
turn to make an equal advance.and by com
bining, form a solid organization against
the common enemy; for 1 Oelieve that all
the Bigns of the times indicate that the
gold men — Republicans and Democrats —
will unite to defeat the silver movement.
I think also that our party should main
tain its present organization solidly, until
some arrangement can be made for a per
manent union of all the elements I refer to.
"In case the Democrats adopt their
usual platform at Chicago, making no
allowance for recruits from other sources,
and naming a ticket composed of old
school Democrats, pledged to no reform
except that of silver, our people will refuse
to act with them. We could, however,
form an offensive and defensive alliance
witn them in the Northwest, South, South
west and west and still keep our several
organizations intact. In that way we
could bring all the strength of the silver
people to bear in the electoral college."
When asked if this would hot be tanta
mount to indorsing the Democratic nomi
ne* Senator Peffer said :
"No; it would operate this way and take
State 3 like those in the Northwest, the
Dakotas, Nebraska, Kansas, Colorado.
Nevada and others in that region, where
i the Democratic vote is very light at the
I best. There we would have only Populist
electors, because the Democrats are not
sufficiently strong to change the political
complexion of the vote. In some of the
Southern States, where there are more
Democrats than Populists, there could be
a mixture of electors representing both ele
ments in proportion to their voting
strength, with the understanding that the
solid electoral vote be cast whichever way
it could be made the most effective in de
ciding the election for President. I see no
other way to maintain our separate organ
izations and get a combined strength
against the Republican candidate."
"In this event, who would be seated —
the Populist or tlie Democratic nominee?"
"That," replied Senator Peffer, "is a
matter of detail which could be settled
after the election."
"Under the circumstances, could you
defeat McKinley?'
"I shall not say that I doubt it; but I
fear it would not be successful. I don't
Believe that such a policy would bring out
anywhere the full silver vote of the coun
try. It would have the appearance of
division, and that alone would deter a
good many who would support a single
organization. National in its character.
Hence, I say, the importance of a union
of all the silver forces in one new body.
If we can secure such an organization we
shall carry the election."
VOTE AGAINST TELLER.
Ban Jose PopulUts Heprecate the Taube
neck Manifesto.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— At a meet
ing of the People's party Central Club of
this city to-night, a resolution was intro
duced declaring that it was the sense of
the club that Senator Teller be selected as
the choice of the People's party conven
tion for President.
As soon a<s the resolution was read a
number of prominent Populists took the
floor in protest. It was claimed that the
Populist party had made the silver issue
and that if Senator Teller wanted its sup
port he should tirst declare his allegiance
to the platform of that party; that the
silver-question was only a minor issue in
the platform and the repudiation of tho
other principles by the Indorsement of a
man who has been antagonistic to the
party on every question except silver,
would be to the lasting disgrace of the
party.
Chairman Taubeneclc of the Populist
National Committee, waß severely scored
for what was termed "his betrayal of the
interests of his party by his action in ad
vocating the indorsem ent of a free silver
Republican at the expense of its other
great principles, by the side of which free
silver pales into insignificance."
The resolution was defeated, only the
man who offered it voting in the affirma
tive.
Tavbenecfc : Makes A'o Reply.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 35.— Chairman
H. E. Taubeneck of the People's party
declines to say a word respecting Senator
Peffer's harsh criticism of his course in
putting out the recent Teller circular. It
is expected that Taubeneck will make a
reply in a few days, in which he will show
that the circular issued was authorized by
the executive committee of the People's
party.
Gothntn Republicans Celebrate.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25. -The Re
publican Club ratified the nominations of
McKinlev and Hobart to-night at Carnegie
Music Hall. The meeting was held under
the auspices of the campaign committee of
the ReDubiican Club, and the nrinripal
speakers were Hon. Charles A. Boutelle of
Maine, General Horace Porter, Mayor
Strong and A. S. Steele, chairman of the
committee on arrangements.
HOLT WILL CASE CLOSED.
Termination of One of the Most Cele
brated Contests in the History
of the Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— The
Holt will case, which has been on trial in
this city for several weeks, was Closed at
a late hour this afternoon, and at 8:30 the
jury returned a verdict in favor of the
caveators, the effect of which is to set the
alleged will aside, or, in the words of the
decision of the jury, issue substantially a
declaration that the paper presented for
probate is not a true testament. This case
has Deen one of the moat interesting of its
character that has engaged the attention
of the courts here for a very long period.
The application for probate has been ear
nestly urged and as stubbornly resisted
as any similar case ever presented in the
courts of this district, and able counsel on
both sides have fought bitterly in the in
terests of their respective clients. Tbe
verdict has been looked for with more than
usual interest in this controversy. The re
sult leaves the case exactly where it was
before a sudden anonymous presentation
of the alleged testament reached the office
of the Register of Wills, several months
ago, and the heirs at law, who have had a
desperate ie^al fight on their hands, are
to-night receiving the congratulations of
their menus.
LEASES A MEXICAN LINE.
An English Firm Secures the Tehuantepec
National Railway for a Period of
Fifty Years.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.— Co
nsul-General Crittenden reports to the State
Department from the City of Mexico that
the Mexican Government has leased to
Messrs. Pearson, & Son, of England, the
Tehuanteoec National Railway. The
lease is for fifty years. The Government
contributes $100,000 per month durine
three years for the reconstruction of the
road, during which time the lessees obli
gate themselves to have the line in solid
and substantial condition. After three
years the receipts of the road are to be
divided between the Government and the
lessees on a varying scale for each period
of ten years. The read runs between the
port of Coatzacoaloos, on the gulf, and the
port of Salina Cruz, on the Pacific Ocean.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS.
Plan of lirorrjnuizntion Adopted by the
International Association.
BOSTON, Mass., June 25.— The Inter
national bu n<f ay-school Association * to
day adopted a plan of reorganizalion.
The organization will be called the Inter
national Sunday-school Field- workers' As
sociation, and is auxiliary to the Interna
tional Sunday-school Convention. The
members shall consist of international,
State and provincial Sunday-school field
workers ipdorsed by State or provincial
authorities. The regular meetings of the
associations shall be held in connection
with the International Sunday-school
Convention. An annual conference shall
be held at such time and place as may be
decided by the executive committee.
The following board of officers was ap
pointed: Alfred Day, Ontario, president;
Marion Lawrence, Ohio, vice-president;
Miss M. F. Huber, Kentucky, secretary
and treasurer; executive committee — Pro
fessor H. M. Hamilton of Illinois, C.
Briggs of Indiana, Rev. C. J. Keppark of
Pennsylvania and Rev. E. M. Ferguson of
New Jersey.
RECRER AND OREGON.
Progress of the Suit for the Recovery of
That $20,000.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 25— The
Nevada Bank of San Francisco and the
Crocker - Woolwortn National Bank,
plaintiffs in a suit for the re
covery of $20,0C0, alleged to have
been obtained on a forged check by
Frink L. Seaver, James Cregan and
Charles Becker last November, obtained
from Justice Andrew in the Supreme
Cjurt to-day an order authorizing them
to serve the defendants by publication of
summons.
Seaver, who called himself A. H. Dean,
was arrested in San Francisco, while his
accomplices, Cregan and Becker, were fol
lowed across the continent and captured
in Ne-warK, N. J. They were indicted for
forgery and are in the City Jail at San
Francisco.
RAILROAD ROILDUIN INCREASES
Two Thousand Miles ITtll Be Added
During the Present Tear.
CHICAGO, 111.. June 25.— The Railway
Age in its next issue will publish statistics
showing that during the first six months
of this year 788 miles of new road have
been built in twenty-nine States and Ter
ritories on sixty-three lines. This is an
increase of about 2 per cent more ihan for
the first six months of 1895 and 47 per cent
more than for the same period in 1894.
Louisiana shows the greatest new mileage
—104 — California being next with 96 miles.
Track layine is now in progress on 120
roads and tbe indications are that 2000
miles of new road will be constructed for
the entire year.
»
Drowned Her**tf and Three Children
BAN ANTONIO. Tex., June 25.— 1n
Commal County, north of here, Mrs. Bier
ner, wife of a farmer, yesterday drowned
herself and her three children, aged 2, 4
and 6 years, in the Commal River. The
bodies were found tied together with
cords.
Death of Colonel RraekeU.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.—
Colonel A. G. Brackett, retired, died to
day. Colonel Bracken was born in New
York and appointed to the array in 1853.
During the late war he was brevetted
three times. He retired in 1801, when
colonel of tbe Third Cavalry. The inter
ment will be at Arlington.
21EW TO-DAT.
_^_^_____ __-^~ —
I INFANT HEALTH!
| .SENT FREE I
1 1 A little book that should be in every §8
2 home. Issued by tiic manufacturers jj^ •
raoftho j?
| Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
% Condensed Milk N
I N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. N
% 71 Hudson Street, Hew York U
B£i'-S : :sivv :<; ry:.\-:.\ .>.. O ;
DDIICUCC FOR BARBER* BAK-
Dnllalitht"' bootblacks, bath-
UllUyilhU houses, billiard - i,
brewers, bookbinders, - csndy-makers, cannery
flyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, pape*
hangers, printers, painters, sho« factoriei
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
„; n . „ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Br u»h M»nur»cturori, «$o» Baoi-ainentoShLAUNCHED A NEW
NATIONAL PARTY,
The State Convention of
Colorado's Silver
Advocates.
TELLER FOR PRESIDENT.
Several Sensational Addresses
Attacking the Money
Power.
AN APPEAL TO THE PEOPLE.
The Government Urged to Return to
Constitutional Gold and Sil
ver Standard.
DENVER, Colo., June 25.— Five hun
dred delegates from two- thirds of the
counties of this State organized to-day the
first State Convention of the National
Silver party, adopted a platform and
elected delegates to the National Conven
tion which meets in St. Louis July 22.
The convention was harmonious and en
thusiastic. The platform is a strong
declaration for silver, and declares alle
giance to any other National party and
candidate for the Presidency that accords
with this view on the financial question.
Senator Henry M. Teller is indorsed for
the Presidency.
Hon. I. N. Stevens, acting State chair
man, called the convention to order. He
reviewed ihe history of the movement
which created this new party, and stated
that its purpose is solely to unite the
people of the country upon one common
candidate for the Presidency who will
favor the restoration of silver to full legal
tender money power. Senator H. A. W.
Tabor was selected as temporary chair
man and David Day of Durango secre
tary.
After the committee on credentials had
reported a permanent organization was
effected by selection of Hon. Platt Wicks
of Pueblo permanent chairman and Mrs.
Sue M. Hail secretary. While awaiting
the report of the committee on resolu
tions Hon. Lafe Pence, Hon. J. B. Belford
and Judge D. V. Burns delivered sensa
tional addresses, the burden of which
were attacks upon the money power. They
urge a campaign to unite the people un
der one candidate against.the goldites and
their demands.
When the committee on resolutions re
ported a long address in the form of an ar
gument for free coinage, which also se
verely attacked opponents to this idea, a
storm of protests to the language and style
of the platform ensued. After a long dis
cussion the comnrttee was ordered to pre
pare another platform. A recess was then
taken until evening. The delegates named
include many prominent men oi the State
of all political parties.
Upon reassem bJing in the evening the
convention adopted a short platform with
out discussion. The money plank is as
follows:
The paramount issue at this time in the
United States is indisputably the money ques
tion. It is between the gold standard, gold
bonds and bank currency on one side and the
bimetallic standard, no bonds and Govern
ment currency on the other. On this issue we
declare ourselves to be in favor of a distinctly
American financial system. We are unalter
ably opposed to the single gold standard and
demand the immediate return to the constitu
tional standard of gold and silver by the
restoration by the Government, independently
of any foreign powei, of the unrestricted coin
age of both gold and silver in standard money
at the ratio of 16 to 1 and upon terms of exact
equality aa tney existed prior to 1873, the sil
ver coin to be a full legal tender equally with
gold for all debts and duties, private and pub
lic.
The resolutions indorse Senator Teller
and recommend him for the Presidency,
but failing to secure him they agree to
support any other silver candidate.
The platform closes with the following
appeal:
We therefore confidently appeal to the peo
ple of the United States to leave in abeyance
for the moment all other questions, however
important and even momentous they may
seem, to sunder if need be all former party
ties and affiliations and unite in one supreme
effort to free themselves and their children
from tha domination of the money power.
Upon the consummation of our desires and
WILFRID LAURIER, LEADER OF CANADIAN LIBERALS.
MONTREAL, Quebec, June 25.— Wilfrid Laurier, the Liberal leader, in an inter
view to-day said: "We have been elected on a platform of tariff reform, and it is on
thoMj lines' we intend to worlc. We shall apply ourselves at once to a revision of the
tariff but whatever we do will be done gradually and slowly; and, moreover, no
steps' will be taken likely to affect any particular interest without due notice
bavins been given so that all concerned may know what our intentions are and
why we consider it expedient to make the contemplated changes." With regard to
the school question, Mr. Laurier stated that it would be settled in the House of
Commons. He had not decided yet upon the composition of the coming Liberal Cabinet.
efforts we invoke the gracious favor of divine
providence.
The convention adjourned immediately
upon the adoption of the platform.
BYNUM'S COMPLAINT.
Ho May Desert the Democracy Be
cause the Sllverltes Won In
Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 25.— 0n ac
count of his firm stand for gold in the
Democratic convention yesterday ex-Con
gressman W. D. Bynum was the recipient
of hundreds of congratulations from mem
bers of both parties to-day. Most of them
were prominent business men and many
of them we/c leaders of the Democratic
party in Marion County. Referring to the
episode of yesterday Mr. Bynum said:
"My treatment was anything but fair. In
fact I never saw a more glaring exhibi
tion of tyranny, injustice and despotism."
"You did not say in your speech that
you would not support the ticket. What
is your position?"
"I do not see how a man can vote against
his honest convictions, though I have not
said that I will not support the ticket."
TILLMAN'S FREE
SILVER SPEECH,
f Continued from First Page.]
statement sent out from Kalamazoo, Mich.,
giving the substance of an interview with
H. H. Smith, in which he is quoted as
saying that Secretary Carlisle told him last
winter that he (Carlisle) would vote for
the Republican nominee in case the Demo
crats nominated a free silver man on a
fr«e silver platform, is denied by Mr.
Carlisle.
SICKNESS A LUXURY.
Comprehensive Preparations for
the Physical Welfare of Demo
cratic National Delegates.
CHICAGO, 111., June 25.— There will be
a new departure at the Democratic Na
tional Convention. Under the auspices of
the sergeant-at-arms a medical and surgi
cal staff will be in constant attendance
durintr the sessions.
Colonel Martin's plans were sufficiently
advanced to-day for him to outline them
to the United Press. He said that the
records of accidents and sudden illnesses
of visitors and delegates at former Na
tional conventions, particularly the last
one in St. Louis, had convinced him of
the necessity, on humane grounds as well
I as for the good order of the convention, of
providing a staff of able physicians and
i surgeons. An ambulance, stretchers and
| all appliances and remedies for instant
! use when the emergency arises in the
Colliseum or in the crush outside the build
ing will be on hand.
To that end he has commissioned Dr.
Herbert H. McAuley of this city, chief of
the staff, and on the latter's recommenda
j tion seven prominent Chicago physicians
I and surgeons will also be appointed. From
among the visitors to the convention from
other cities Colonel Martin will appoint
eight eminent doctors to the staff, who
will respond to any call for service.
The attendance hours of the Chicago
men will be so arranged that Dr. McAuley
i and two others will be constantly in the
hall. A room is to be fitted up for tueir
special use.
SEATTLE BOLTERS.
Republicanism Renounced by a
Number of Men Friendly to the
White Metal.
BEATTLE, Wash., June 25.— About 100
Republicans from this city and county
met to-night, renounced their party and
effected a permanent organization for the
purpose of commending Senator Teller
and furthering the cause of silver. Dr. V. G.
Calhoun, a Republican Presidential elec
tor for this State in 1892, was president.
Speeches were made by Hon. John Wiley,
Colonel George G. Lyon, Judge J. L.
Crotty and others, Crotty declaring that
the only mistake the St. Louis Convention
made was in not nominating Grover
Cleveland instead of Major McKinley.
Every mention of the names of Senators
Teller, Cannon and Dubois brought forth
the wildest applause. Twenty delegates
to attend the State Bimetallic Convention,
to be held at Tacoma on June 30, were
chosen.
Ohio's Silver Wave.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 25.— The Third
Congressional District, the last to elect its
delegates to the Democratic National Con
vention, last night selected two men sup
posed to favor the single cold standard.
The Ohio delegation to the Chicago con
vention, as now fully chosen, will contain
forty free silver members, four single gold
standard advocates and two doubtful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
UNCLE SAM'S MEN
ARE OUTWITTED.
Filibusters Pursued by a
Revenue Cutter
Escape.
LIVELT MARINE RAGE.
The McLane Fires Four Solid
Shot at the Fleeing
Commodore.
ONE HUNDRED REBELS ABOAED
Box-s of Arms and Ammunition Are
Transferred From Waiting
Schooners.
TAMPA, Fla., June 25.— When the
steamer Commodore left Port Tampa this
afternoon she was followed by the revenue
cutter McLane, the latter having orders to
stop the suspected filibuster. Captain
Morton of the Commodore saw the Mc-
Lane in pursuit and crowded on steam,
and a lively race began. As the Commo
dore gained the McLane sent four solid
shot after the filibuster and the latter
came to. The McLane's commander
searched the Commodore, b;* nothing
contraband was found. The Commodore
was allowed to go and the McLane started
back to port.
Six miles down the bay, however, the
Commodore came to ana was approached
by three schooners. Nearly a hundred
men and scores of boxes of arms and am
munition were transferred from the
schooners to the Commodore. The Mc-
Lane's commander saw this transfer by
means of his glasses and again pursued
the Commodore. The McLane gained at
first and fired on the Commodore repeat
edly, but the shots fell short. The power
ful engines of the Commodore soon told,
however, and she began to forge ahead.
When the boats passed St. Petersburg,
the Commodore was leading the McLane
six miles. As the McLane has no coast
pilot, she will have to lay to during the
night and this will enable the Commodore
to make good her escape.
SPANIARDS KILL A GERMAN.
He Manufactured Explosives That De
stroyed Railway Trains.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 25.— Colonel Gas.
ton reports that, while pursuing the rebel
parties commanded by La Cret, Sangnilly
and another leader, his scouts killed a
German named Walter Zant, the manu
facturer of the explosives recently used in
destroying railway trains. The Bpanish.
troops met the rebels in the Josefa hills,
near Limonar, province of Matanzas. The
insurgents were perfectly entrenched.
After three hours' fighting they were dis
lodged and dispersed. The troops lost one
killed and eight wounded, including a
lieutenant. The rebels lost fifteen killed
and many wounded, including Sanguilly.
General Gonzales Munoz reports that he
has formed a combination with General
Iticlan in his pursuit of Maceo. On the
march the troops destroyed all the rebel
huts and plantations found by them.
When the troops arrived in the Tapia
Hiils, the rebels opened fire on them.
General Inclan attacked on the left ajid
General Munoz on the right flank. After
a strong resistance, the three camps were
captured. On the following- day, General
Munoz took Maceo's camp in the Oleea
Hills. The troops destroyed all the camps,
burning the huts therein, and also the
dwelling of Maceo. It is said the rebels
numbered 3000. They left thirty-one dead
on the field. Three insurgents weie cap
tured. The loss of the troops, according
to General Munoz, was only two killed
and thirty-six wounded? including two
lieutenants wounded.
OLNEF'S MOVEMENTS.
The Secretary's Mysterious Absence Is
the Cause of Speculation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.—Secre
tary Olney returned to Washington last
night after his mysterious absence of sev
eral days. If he has been conferring in
Boston with Senor Dv Puy de Lome, the
Spanish Minister, nobody at the State De
partment will admit it.
This morning Olney received a number
of Foreign Ministers, Thursday being re
ception day. Sir Julian Pauncefote was
one of the callers. It is understood that
he presented a request from his Govern
ment that Olney would use his good of
fices to bring about a friendly settlement
of the trouble over the arrest of Harrison,
a British surveyor, by Venezuelan police.
Campos and Horrero Free.
MADRID, June 25.— General Azcarraga,
Minister of War, has withdrawn the war
rants that were issued against Marshal
Campos and General Borrero at the time
they were about to fight a duel, and the in
cident is closed.
VICEROS MEETS PRINCE.
//i Hung Chang and HittnarcK Exchange
Flattering fiordt.
BERLIN, Germany, June 25.— Li Hung
• Chang, the Chinese Viceroy, who is on his
way back to China from Moscow, where
he was the representative of the Emperor
of China at the Czar's coronation, paid a
visit to Prince Bismarck at FrfedricLsruhe
to-day. Count Herbert Bismarck received
the Chinese statesman at the railway sta
tion and escorted him to the castle, where
the ex-Chancellor awaited him in the
salon. Prince BismarcK in greeting Li
Hung Chang said: "I feel Mattered in
having the privilege of welcoming such an
eminent statesman. We have both long
helped our masters to govern each a great
country."
Li Hung Chang in reply to this welcome
said that he was only able to direct the af
fairs of China, while Prince Bismarck was
equal to governing the whole world.
The Pope Kestotot Cardinal Hats.
ROME, Italy, June 25.— The Pope held
a public consistory to-day at which the
four prelates who were elevated to the
cardinalate on June 22 received their hats.
The new Cardinals are Monsignors Fer
rata, Cretoni, JacoDini and Agliardi, re
spectively Papal Nuncios at Paris, Mad
rid, Lisbon and Vienna.
Explorer Stanley Seriously 111.
LONDON, Eng., June 25.— Henry M.
Stanley, M. P., the famous African ex
plorer, is ill in London with inflammation
of the stomach. He has been unable to
take food for several days and bis con
dition is serious.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
NFPVF 1 1 11 11 111
M^4 M~4 . IT TAKES A WHOLE LOT OF IT TO DO
a m T_^ WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO. IT TAKES A
\ V I A WHOLE LOT OF NERVE TO FACE THE
im.l^ L^ FACT THAT YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE
' MONEY AND A WHOLE PILE OF MONEY
■ T >^.^ j. ON A SALE, BUT THAT'S WHAT WE'VE
jl \g \t I MADE UP OUR MIND TO DO.
KLrUL/JVi iiiiiiiii
[I //^V^^-^ssi^>^ VllC^^X greatest that we have ever B^
\ 11^^ *l/^^Tv^ \ \ »\l offered, as the sale will he *„„*,„-.
\\^£S I r^/ij SAW V : made up of high-class, de- 05e handsome All- Wool Tweeds,
J{ >^-^ t J>~'\r~' pendable tailor-made gar- those pretty Single and Double Breasted
The biggest treat we have ever offered Two days are enough for Blue and Black Twill Cheviots, in Ha-
you. us, and two days ought to vana Brown Twills and Fancy Oxfords,
Some 500 Suits, cleverly made, in give you ample opportun- m.^m,, hwpJJ Suit* and trnlnreri r>*>r
stylish colorings, excellent Cheviot Suits. % ty to dress for a year to * w ll V > sweU * ults and > tailored per-
The garments are cleverly tailored, com 6. jectiy.
right in the height fashion, neat, natty We will be open Friday These very swell garments, natty and
and dressy. . evening till 8 o'clock and Spring-like, swell Spring and Summer
Not a thing ails them; you II pay in q^^.-^j^-,, -rn-^n j. i #-in- j. j. t^-j j
other stores $10 for 'em and consider S %%f*l^°; S °'i^ it StyUs; $ 12 ™™ st stores F " da V and
them big values at that, J:™ m ™ onvLf^nffij If Saturda at the m i Store > <™ d V™ r Pick
Friday and Saturday at the Big m } s * c*e * me oppoi tunny 0/
Kearny-Street Store at llls il ' y y-y •
—$3.75— Hi —$5.00—
C^t 1B& 1200 pairs of fine Worsted I /■• - V 1, " *~
n ''tt r ■ -m i f \ TEE EXCLV SIYE HAT-
Dress-Up Trousers Blue and / - TEES LOVE UjfJTU
Black Worsted, with neat stripes /^ SB^^^i Their $2.50 Fedoras in soft
W in 'em; fancy hairline stripes, (^l^P^2^ f ur lIaH in pr^Zadcsof
H iBI the kind other stores are getting ::^^^^^^fe - >' Pearl, Otter, . Havana Brown
M ■ $3 ands3.sofor;noexaggera- & >s£? WT\ and Black, wide and narrow
iH^ I v wl tion ; not a bit of it, you know; ■ '%M , '' $) - brims. ■
the Big Store never exaggerates. HkfeJ^ : " 1/ Who'll be without a new Hat
S^^B We guarantee the fit. They're iBS^ : I on Sunday No one if the price
'^^W cleverly tailored; nothing ails V; J/\ will help you.
wioWy ' em but the price and that will — /^^ \ In our Big Hat Department
)mWW ■ be for Friday and Saturday yi\ / yf >, Friday and Saturday at
■Aw only r^y r • ' QR/>
TWO GREAT DAYS, H Tni ¥ A IZ^ ¥J^ STARTLING
Friday and Saturday, 1^ I\ r^O A 1"^ 1 V^ BARGAINS
in Our I V i * A M. M.A IMM +*J To-day and To-morrow
Men's and Boys' jinoorporatbd^ in Our
FURNISHING GOODS «^1 V^^ C+ 4- Boys' and Children's
Department, • |9** M *3 and 1 5 Keamy Street. Department.
THE CASE OF MR, KNAPP.
He Is Charged With All Sorts
of Crimes by the Gov
ernor of Bitlis.
From Carrying Off a Moslem Girl to
Murder and Inciting Revo
iu'Kn.
(Correspondence of The United Press.]
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, June
10. — Yesterday the Porte communicated
to the American legation the report re
ceived from the Governor of Bitlis regard
ing Mr. Knapp. This Governor charees
Mr. Knapp among other thing with hav
ing given the signal for the attack by the
Armenians upon the Moslems. This
signal was the ringing of the church bell.
(Be it remembered that not a single Mos
lem was killed during the Bitlis massacre).
Mr. Knapp is further said to have mur
dered a certain Armenian or pai<Rnen to
do it. According to the report he aided
in carrying off a Moslem girl, was an or
ganizer and leader of a revolutionary
party and was in communication with a
certain Hamoartsouin, well known in con
nection witli the Sassoun massacre and so
on. The whole report covers two full
pages. The document seemed to imply
that it was expected that the American
legation would deal with sucn a danger
ous character.
Mr. Knapp will remain in Constantino
ple, and is eager to have the charges
brought forward and investigated. His
family arrived here from Bitlis yesterday,
having come by the northern route.
Advices from Sassoun state that an out
break occurred there last week between
Greeks and Turks, in which ten Greeks
were killed. Those philo-Turks who were
so much interested in the continued able
efforts of the Turkish Government to suc
cor the distressed in Asia Minor by form
ing a relief commission, under the presi
dency of the Sultan, may be interested in
the report published this week. When
this commission was formed last winter
there was a great blast of trumpets. It
met two or three times a week, and a full
report of eacD sitting appeared in the offi
cial journal?.
Two weeks were spent in drawing up
regulations and appointing clerks. Two
weeks more 'were spent in selecting the
colors and kinds of tickets to be issued.
Then changes were made in its organiz
ation, and less was heard of it. Eight
weeks ago everything was ready, and the
journals announced that donors' names
would be published, and those who gave
$40 or over were to receive a decoration.
Last Sunday's papers published the re
port up to the present. The commission
had collected $250 for the relief of the poor
and $&50 to rebuild destroyed mosques.
(Not a single mosque had been touched
during the massacres). This report ex
cited ridicule among the Moslems them
selves. Those who had published the re
port were severely reprimanded, and yes
terday's papers reported that donations
from the ministers and the Sultan had
brought the totals up to $1000 for the re
lief of the sufferers and $1400 for rebuild
ing mosques. Of this sum the Sultan gave
$240. This is the last of this commission.
LETTER FROM GLADSTONE.
The Grand Old Man Denounces the Sultan
and His Agents.
LONDON, Enq., June 25.— The Chronicle
will to-morrow publish a letter from Mr.
Gladstone on the subject of the Armenians,
in which he says:
"Nobody uses language half strong
enough against the Sultan and his agents.
To describe their guilt is beyond all
bounds, and the language ought to go be
yond all bounds. My choice is between
far out-Heroding everybody or absolute
silence, for my language abstractly
might plausibly be ascribed to temper,
whereas it would be perfectly cold
blooded. I am silent only for fear of doing
harm. The European mind wants plaus
ible excuses to cover its disgrace. I do not
wish to furnish them/
The Constantinople correspondent of the
Chronicle telegraphs that the Armenian
losses during the recent rioting at Van are
estimated to have been 1500 killed, while
the Turkish loss was 200. The disnatch
adds that the Kurds are gathering from all
directions to pillage Van.
Sir Samuel Leonard Tilley Dead.
ST. JOHN, N. 8., June 25.— Sir Samuel
Leonard Tilley, ex-Lieutenact-Governor
of New Brunswick and at one time Min
ister of Finance in the Dominion Govern
ment, died this morning. He was 78 years
of age. Sir Samuel was a native of this
province, descending from one of the loyal
ist families which left the United States
after the revolution.
Potoem in Accord aa Regards Crete.
LONDON, Enq., June 25.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. George
N. Curzon, Parliamentary Secretary to the
Foreign Office, stated that the represent
atives of the powers at Constantinople
were in entire accord as regarded Crete,
and had jointly urged the Porte to main
tain order in that island.
Troop* to Protect British Surveyor*.
LONDON, Eng., June 25.— The Time?
publishes advices from Georgetown, Brit
ish Guiana, saying that a for:e of Colonial
troops has been dispatched to Acarabisci
to protect the Government surveyors at
work in that neighborhood.
Degree Conferred by Oxford,
LONDON. Esq., June 25.— Oxford Uni
versity has conferred the degree of Doctor
of Divinity upon the Rev. Eugene A. Hoff
man of New York, dean of the General
Theological Seminary of the Protestant
Episcopal Church.
DUC DE NEMOURS DEAD,
Passing of an Orleans Prince,
Once Elected King of the
Belgians.
Twice Declined to Wear a Crown
When Offered by the National
CoDgress.
PARIS, Fkance, June 25.— The Due de
Nemours died at Versailles to-day.
Louis Charles Phillippe Raphael d'Or
leans, Due de Nemours, one of the Orleans
princes, was the second son of King
Louis Phillipp|, and was born in Paris in
1814.
He was elected King of the Belgians in
1831, but his royal father declined this
offer of the National Congress on his be
half, as he did also at a later period, a
similar offer of the crown oLGreece.
After the revolution of Tebruary, 1848,
the Due de Nemours quitted France, and
did not return until after the downfall of
the empire in 1870. He has since played
a very insignificant part in Royalist af
fairs.
J'enth in a Squall
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 25.— 8y the cap
sizing of a boat on Clearwater Lake, near
Annadale, Minn., three young people and
a St. Paul woman lost their lives this
morning. They were: John U. Putnam,
bookkeeper for J. Q. Adams of the Corn
Exchange, Minneapolis; bis sister, Miss
Anna T. Putnam, a kindergartner, em
ployed in the Minneapolis Kindergarten;
Miss Bessie Newhall of Minneapolis, and
Mrs. Herman of St. Paul. The party had
proceeded not more than 100 yards "from
the shore when a squall struck the boat.
It capsized and all went down, no assist
ance being close at hand.
34
SAW A VESSEL GO
DOWN IN A GALE,
Believed to Be the Ameri
can Ship City of
Philadelphia.
OVERDUE AT THIS PORT
Was Sunk With All on Board
During a Terrific
Squall.
STORY OF A BRITISH CAPTAIN
The Sea Was Running Tremendously
High, Rendering Assistance
Impossible.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.— Fears are
entertained that the ship reported as
foundering in the South Atlantic by the
British ship Loch Breden, just arrived at
Liverpool, is the City of Philadelphia,
which Bailed from New York February 2
with a general cargo for San Francisco.
The City of Philadelphia carried a crew of
twenty-five men and her master, Captain
Johnson, bad his wife and family with
him. She was spoken last on March 3in
latitude 14 degrees 5G minutes south,
longitude 34 decrees west.
Captain Cornell of the Loch Breden re
ports that on March 21, in latitude 36 de
grees, longitude 40 — or in about the posi
tion the American vessel was likely to be
in after eighteen days' sailing on her
course— he sighted during a gale a full
rigged ship about two miles distant, under
three lower topsails, laboring heavily. The
next morning he saw her again, the seas
breaking over her. Suddenly, at the height
of a terrific squall, at about midday, she
lurched over and disappeared. The seas
were tremendously high and it was be
lieved that the craft had sprung a leak.
All on board must have perished.
It is possible that the City "of Phila
delphia may arrive safely at her destina
tion, and that it was the doom of some
other vessel witnessed Dy tne master of
the British ship.
She is considerably overdue, however,
and the foundered vessel's description
closely tallies with her. Sixty guineas
premium were paid in London on her in
surance this week.
The City of Philadelphia, which regis
tered 1400 tons, was built in Bath, Me., in
1857, and Waiter P. Cagar & Co. of Phila
delphia are her managing owners.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC GREED
Kentucky Fails to Collect the
Charter- Tax From the
Railroad.
Talk of Repealing the Grant Under
Which the Corporation Is
Operating.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 25. — The
Southern Pacific" does not pay and never
has paid a cent of taxes into Kentucky's
treasury, although the road owes its exist,
ence to and is now operated in California
on a charter passed by a Kentucky Legis
lature in the winter of 1884. After a hard
struggle, the railroad having a giant power
behind it and one of the strongest lobbies
that ever held sway in Frankfort, the State
Board of Valuation and Assessment, which
has the fixing of values of corporate
franchises, has taken the matter of taxing
the company tinder consideration. Al
though the board would like to find some
way of rating the road nnder the pro
visions of the revenue law, by which it is
authorized to fix a rate, it has up to this
time totally failed to reach any officer or
agent of the road upon whom it may serve
notice.
While the board has been carrying on
this investigation Auditor Stone, who is a
member of the board and to whom the tax
would have to be paid direct, has turned
1 he matter over to the personal supervision
of Assistant Auditor Frank H. Johnson,
who has given the matter thorough inves
tigation. Mr. Johnson said to a Call
representative:
"Section 8 of the charter reads: 'The
annual tax upon said corporation shall be
the same as is now fixed for brokers'
licenses, provided that all property owned
by said corporation and situated in the
State shall pay the same State and local
tax as is assessed upon similar property,
and capital stock in said corporation
owned by citizens of the State shall be
assessed against the holders thereof as
causes in action under the equalization
laws.'
"The broker's license is only $250, but
the road has not even paid this, and I see
no disposition to comply with the plain
terms of the iaw. Although there may
be no property in the State, the road is
operated on the charter which provides
for the payment of the tax that is cer
tainly dpe the State. It seems very diffi
cult to reach the road, and the Kentucky
officials can find nothing in the State to
levy on. It is known that if the road
shows no disposition to coiiply with the
law it is the intention of the officials to
recommend to the Legislature the repeal
of the charter on this ground.
"Senator William Goebel introduced a
bill in the Legislature last winter provid
ing for a repeal of the charter and made a
gallant fight for it, but was met by a forci
ble and effective lobby and he leceivedno
assistance from the State officers. While
this point was referred to by Senator Goe
bol and his colleagues, the lobby, which
was composed of several members of the
Btnftte and combined corporation lobbies,
had gained such headway it was successful
in deferring the matter before the com
mittee until just before the adjournment
I gfis.sion, when it came up and the
i Mil met its Waterloo. With thisof
fx.inl stigma on the road, and re-in forced
by tho efforts of the State officers, there
would be little doubt of a second bill at
th* next session or at any extra session
pasting."
Moneu- Orrfrr Clerk Disappears
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, June 25.—
W. r >r<-"ne, money-order clerk of
rntes Kxpress Company at
it, failed to report at the office
this morning, and a harried look at his
accounts by the superintendent showed a
shortage of about $1500. The police have
not been unable to locate him. Greene is a
man about 43 years of age and has a
family.
FOR A NEW TRIAL.
Murderer Walling May let Escape the
Death Penalty.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 25.— Judge
Helm this afternoon heard arguments for
a new trial of Alonzo Walling, one of the
alleged murderers of Pearl Bryan. The
-defense produced affidavits showing that
Jurors Ware and Miles, after being sum
moned as jurors and before beinji ac
cepted as such, stated that the defendant
ought to be hanged. This was quite a sur
prise, and Judge Helm said he would not
pass upon the motion for a new trial until
next Monday. Subpenas were issued for
the two jurors and affidavit-maKers to ap
pear in court on that day. If it is proven
the jurymen made this statement Walling
will undoubtedly get a new trial.
REHABILITATION SCHEME.
Creditors of Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau Will
Place the Firm on Its Feet
Again.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.-The re
organization committee of the creditors of
Abbey, Schoeffel & Qrau held a meeting
to-day and formally adopted a plan for a
final adjustment of the finances of the
embarrassed firm.
William Steinway, as chairman of the
committee on reorganization, stated that
the total indebtedness of the firm waa
$365,000, and that creditors representing
over $335,000 of that amount had given
unqualified consent to the scheme of re
habilitation proposed by the reorganiza
tion committee. The claims of the
smaller creditors, aggregating about $10,
--000, will be paid at once in cash. Tne
larger creditors will receive stock to the
amount of their claims in the newly or
ganized firm of Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau,
which practically began its career to-day
free of all encumbrance and without a
cent of indebtedness.
Messrs. Abbey, Schoeffel <fe Grau will
confine their operations exclusively to
the management of the Metroniitan
Opera-house in this city and the Tremont- I
street Theater in Boston.
DETROIT IS SHAKEN UP,
Furious Storm of Wind, Rain
and Lightning Sweeps Over
the City.
For Forty Minutes the Water Falls
in Torrents, Turning the
Streets Into Rivers.
DETROIT, Mich,, June 25.— A severe
wind and rain storm, accompanied by
sharp lightning, swept over this city this
evening. The storm came out of the
northwest. The wind reached a velocity
of 48 miles an hour and created havoc
among the shade trees all over the city.
The rain fell in torrents for forty minutes,
tiie downpour measuring 1.19 inches in
that period of time. The sewers were un
able to carry off the deluge of water, and
many of the downtown streets resembled
rivers for awhile.
The first rainstorm was followed by
others at short intervals, and when they
ceased the precipitation had reached 2.25
inches.
The street railway companies suffered '
severely from lightning, a great number ofV
motors being burned out. There have
been no reports of injuries to persons.
IOWA TOWN VISITED.
Buildings Blown Down at Atlantic and
Crops Badly Damaged.
ATLANTIC, lowa, June 25.— A furious
windstorm struck Atlantic last night,
blowing down the amphitheater and floral
hall of the Cass County Fair Association.
Farmers will lose heavily, windmills and
outbuildings being leveled to the ground.
Crops were badly damaged.
MILLS TO SHUT BOWS.
Manufacturers and Operatives Unable to
Agree Upon a Scale,
YOUNGBTOWN, Ohio, June 25.— This
afternoon the conference committees of
the manufacturers and amalgamated men
met to discuss the scale question. Presi
dent Garlnnd presented the scale as pre
pared at Detroit and set forth the claim
upon which they based their action in ask
ing for an advance of 50 cents per ton on
the boiling card. On the part of the
manufacturers it was stated that it was
impossible to pay $4 50 for puddling until
business would improve, if the advance
was insisted on the only recourse cf the
mill-owners would be to shut down.
The conference adjourned without agree
ment to meet in Youngstown again on
July 9. As this carries it beyond the
present scale all mills will shut down next
Tuesday night.
WON'T HAVE FILLED CHEESE.
Manufacturer* of the Product Heady to
Quit the Business.
CHICAGO, 111., June 25.— Collector of
Internal Revenue Mize of thia district re
cently sent an agent to the Fox River
Valley district, where most of the filled
cheese is made, to prepare the department
as well as the manufacturers for the oper
ation of the tilled cheese and license law
next September. The agent returned to
day with the information that nearly all
the makers wquld go out of business before
the law took effect, because they and the
retail dealers had figured oat a profitless
business after paying the Government
license and tax and allowing for the effect
on the public of having to label their prod
uct "Filled Cheese."
TRAMPS IN GREAT PERIL
Killed a Minnesota Sheriff and
Are Threatened With
Lynching.
Troops Called Out, but They Will
Probably Arrive on the Scene
Tod Late.
ST. PAUL, Mixk., June 25.— Infuriated
citizens of Southern Minnesota are trying
to-night to lynch the two tramps who
yesterday killed Sheriff Rodgers of McLeod
County. A posse of 250 men chased the
desperadoes all day and caught them in a
swamp five miles west of Arlington early
this evening. As soon as the news spread
mobs began to move forward from Glen
coe, Green Isle and Hutchinson. The
prisoners were hastily taken to Glen roe.
This saved them for a time at least, bnt
the Governor was wired that the deputy
sheriff in charge at Glcncoe could not
pre vent a lynching. All the militia com
panies of that part of the State were
taking their regular summer outing in
camp at - Lake City and were unavailable.
Governor Clough therefore ordered out
Company C, First Regiment, stationed in
St. Paul, and that company left St. Paul
for Gleneoe at 10:40. It will arrive there
at 1 o'clock, but ttie news from Gleneoe at
11:30 indicates that there will be a lynch
ing before tbat time,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
DWYER'S ENTRIES
RAN ONE, TWO,
Ben Brush Won the La
tonia Derby in a Com
mon Canter.
BEN EDER WAS SECOND.
The Gravesend Man's Horses
Were Favorites at One
to Six.
FAIR TIME ON A SLOW TRACK.
Twelve Thousand Dollars Added to
the Bank Account of the
Winning Owner.
LATONIA, Ky., June 25.— The day was
an ideal one for racing, with a delightful,
cooling breeze blowing. The only draw
back to the sport was that the track was
rather heavy. Attendance 15,000.
The Latonia derby, the feature of the
day, was a great betting race. The Dwyer
pair— Ben Brush and Ben Eder— were fa
vorites, varying from 1 to 4 to 1 to 5;
Semper Ego at 6 to 1 and Loki at 10 to 1
bad their fanciers and were well backed,
while Howard Mann, 15 to 1, was nibbled
at.
The race was a mere gallop for the two
Bens. Starter Chirm dropped the flag at
tne first attempt, with Loki in the lead,
but Ben Eder immediately started out to
set the pace, which was a slow one until
i the turn for home was reached, when Ben
Brush went to the front and won in a gal
lop, Ben Eder second and Loki third.
The net value of the stake to the winner
was $12,290.
One mile, Islin won, Bloomer second, Cuti
clene third. Time, 1:45%£.
Xine-sixteenths of a mile, Protus won, Three
Bars second, The Planet third. Time, :59%.
Six furlongs, Moylan won, Prince Imperial II
second, Old Center third. Time, 1 :17&.
Latonia derby, one and a half miles, Ben
Brush, 122, Ito 6, won; Ben Eder, 122, 1 to 6,
second; Loki, 122, 8 to 1, third. Time, 2:40%.
Five furlongs, Suisun won, Bell Bramble sec
ond, Adowa third. Time, 1 :03%.
Seven furlongs, Aimee Goodwin won, Mate
second, Elsket third. Time, 1:32.
SIIEEPSHEAD BAY, N. V., June 25.—Re
sults: Six furlongs, Oracle and Amanda V
ran a dead heat, Halton third. Time, 1:16%.
Seven furlongs, Rodermond won, Thomas
Cat second, Concord third. Time, I:32}£.
Six furlongs, Ferrier won, Harrington sec
ond, Harwell third. Time, 1:18}£.
One and an eighth miles, Charade won, St.
Maxim second. Time, 2:02.
Half a mile, Set Fast won, Gray Bird Second,
Naughty Girl third. Time, :b\%
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2s.— Results: Onemile,
First Deal won, Mercury second, Cherry Stone
third. Time, 1 :45.
Seven furlongs, Ben Amelia won, Harry Mc-
Couch second, Blacking Brush third. Time,
1:32%.
One mile, Weenatchle won, Rhett Goode
second, Jack Bradley third. Time, I :46)>£.
Six furlongs, Typhoon won, Lincoln second,
Buck Vldere third. Time, 1 :17%.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Lady Hamilton
i won, Mattie Belle second, Gladys II third.
0 Time, :57%.
Six furlongs, Don Carillo won, Pelleas sec
-1 ond. Dorah Wood third. Time, 1:17.
CHICAGO, 111., June 23.— Sheffield results:
Six furlongs, Ben Hur wou, Elsie Ferguson
second, Rubberneck third. Time, 1 :1(%
Nine-sixteenth of a mile, Mrs. Murray won,
Marie C second, Bister Adele third. 'Time,
I :56^.
i Six furlongs, Peep o' Day won, Lucinda sec
; ond, Fred X third. Time, l:l6Ji.
Thirteen-sixteenths of a mile, .Lottie Eastin
I won, Ingomar second, Revenue third. 'lime,
1:21^.
Five furlongs, Walkover won, Rubberneck
second, Cora Haville third. Time, 1 :01}£.
Six furlongs, Fritzie won, Hartford Boy sec
ond, Caufleld third. Time, 1 :15%.
RED OAK, lowa, June 25.— Rain pre
vented racing at Pactolus Park to-day.
Theie will be a double programme to
morrow.
BASEBALL IN THE EAST.
j Results of the Various Games Played
Yesterday.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 25.— Cleveland out
played Louisville at every point to-day. Bur
\ kett picked up Weidman and shook him like a
I rat because he called him out at third. Score:
! Loulsvilles— 3, 11, 3; Clevelands— B. 10, 0.
j Batteries— and Kinslow; Young and
i O'Connor. Umpire— Weidman.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 25.— Dwyer pitched
splendidly to-day and at .no time were the
1 Browns in the game. Donahue was not hit
! hard, but his support Mas wretched. The Cm
' cinnatis will likely win the full series. 'Score:
St. Louis— 3, 5, 3; Cincinnatis— s, 6, 1. Bat
teries—Donahue and Murphy; Dwyer and
Vaughn. Umpire— Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., June 25.— The Colts batted
"Brownie" Foreman's curves as they pleased
to-day and won the game easily. Griffith was
hit hard all through the game, but his sup
port was fine and the Plttsburgs could not
bunch their hits. The game was lull of pecu-
I liar plays, but not Interesting after the sixth
i inning. Stenzel, Griffith and Hoy and Peffer
led the batting. Score: Chicagos— l7, 17, 2;
Fittsburgs— lo, 19, 2. Batteries— and
Kittredge, Foreman and Merritt. Umpire-
Sheridan.
BOSTON, Mass., June 25.— Brooklyn tied the
(■core in the ninth inning to-day on errors of
Harrington and Stivetts and hits of Burrell
and Jones. Wit ty a man on second and one
' on third* and one out Corcoran and La Chance
I failed to aid the scoring. Attendance 2500.
, Score: Bostons— 6, 10, 6 ; Brooklyns— B. lo, 3.
I Batteries— Stivetts and Tenney; Kennedy and
j Burrell. Umpire — Henderson.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June Philadel
phias-Baltimores postponed ; rain.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.— New Yorks-
Washingtons postponed; rain.
«
READ'S FOR THE RACE.
The College Crews Prepared for the Con
test on the Hudson.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V., June 25.-
Lowerinc skies, a chilly atmosphere and
an occasional drizzle of rain made the day
before the great Varsity race a dismal
one. No excursion steamer, yacht or boat
of any kind except the referee's boat and
the two police boats are to be permitted to
follow the racing crewe. This provision
will assure the oarsmen a clear course and
freedom from wash. Four lines, marked
by stakeboats, are laid out. The positions
drawn by lot and numbered from the west
bank are": No. 1, Harvard; No. 2, Penn
sylvania; No. 3, Cornell ; No. 4, Columbia.
Should the day prove stormy or the
water too rough the race will be postponed
until Saturday.
The crews got in their final polish to-day
! and all are tuned up to the pitch for to
i morrow's great struggle.
The prevailing opinion as to the result
of the struggle that is looked for is: Cor
nell first; a desperate struggle for second
honors between Columbia and Harvard,
with a slight tide of sentiment in favor of
the blue and white, and Pennsylvania for
the outside position.
♦ 1
ILLINOIS BICYCLE MACES.
A Fast Track, but No Records Were
Fructwed.
PEORIA, 111., June 25.— The combined
State and L. A. W. meet opened here to
day, with an attendance of about 5000.
The track is fast, but no records of a
national character were broken. The
principal race of the day was the profes
sional one mile, which was won by Tom
Cooper of Detroit, Gardiner second and
(^Zeigler third,
. One mile novice, J. H. Warren, Peoria, won.
Time, 2:30 3-5.
Professional two-mile handicap, J. F. Grieb
ler won. Time, 4:31.
Amateur quarter mile. State championship—
C. C. Ingraham, Dlxon, 111., won; Jesse Curry,
Aurora, second. Ingraham disqualified for
starting before the pistol shot and prize
aw nrded Curry. Time, :32 2-5.
Half mile, professional, open, W. C. Banger,
Milwaukee, won ; Otto Zeigler, San Francisco,
second; Arthur Gardiner, Chicago, third.
Time, 1 :03 3-5.
Amateur, one mile, 2:30 class, Lou Coburn,
St. Louis, wou. Time, 2:30 1-5.
One mile, professional, 2:20 class, won by
Harry Clark, Denver; V. G. Barnett, Chicago,
second; Joe Grlebler, Minneapolis, third.
Time, 2:12 3-5.
Amateur, two-mile handicap, W. L. Becker,
Chicago, won. Time, 4:29 3-5.
Five-mile handicap, amateur, E. M. Peabody
won. Time, 12:31 1-5.
Professional, one mile, open,' Tom Cooper
won, Gardiner second. Otto Zeigler third,
Charles Hofer fourth. Time, 2 :15 1-5.
■ ♦ I
MIGHT RACING AT SAN JOSE.
Agricultural Park to Be Leased and Oper
ated as an Equine Battling
Ground.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— A deal has
been almost completed by which Cliff
Phillips, proprietor of the People's Palace,
San Francisco, will lease Agricultural
Park for five years, with the privilege of
renewing for another five years. He in
tends to inaugurate a series of horseraces
by electric light. The races will be held
three nights a week, and excursion trains
will be run from San Francisco and nearby
towns. The lease calls for $1800 a year,
and it is expected that Phillips will sign
the agreement in a few days and take pos
session July 1.
RESULT OF THE RAMSEY REGATTA
Britannia and Niagara Won in Their
Respective Classes.
LONDON, Enq., June 25.— The large
raters, Satanita, Ailsa and Britannia,
started at 11 o'clock this forenoon in the
Ramsey regatta, over a 45-mile course.
There was a dull sky and a northwest
breeze. The Penitent, The Saint, Niag
ara, Alruda, The Dragon and Luna started
in the race for twenty-raters.
Britannia won the race for the large
raters, Satanita second ana Ailsa third
The twenty-rater race was won by Niag
ara. The Saint was second, The Penitent
third and The Dragon fourth. Luna gave
up before the finish. Niagara led through
out the race.
♦
Taeoma's Baseball Season Ends.
TACOMA, Wash., June 25.— Tocomans
to-day witnessed the last game of profes
sional baseball to be seen here this season
between the Tacoma and Victoria nines
yesterday. This morning the entire team
left for the East, part of tho Victoria team
accompanying them. Stops will be made
and games played en route at Yakima,
Spokane, Butte, Helena and other points.
When the team reaches the Middle States,
it is the Intention to enter into one of the
State leagues for the balance of the season.
Golden West Cyclers Vote.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— The Golden
"West Cyclers have elected the following
officers: President, E. T. Mikel; vice
president, Robert Burns; treasurer, J. R.
Mitchell; secretary, J. A. Wondra; cap
lain, L. A. Folsom; first lieutenant, Edgar
Fournie; second lieutenant, George Van
Leeuwen*, directois, Ed Fournie, William
Farrell, George Van Leeuwen ; sergeant
at-arms, W. Watts.
Sacramento Cyclers Parade.
BACRAMKNTO, Cal., June 25.— The
lantern parade of the Sacramento wheel
men, which took place to-night, was one
of the most successful affairs of this kind
ever held in this city. Nearly 600 deco
rated wheels were in line, many being rid
den by ladies. After parading the prin
cipal streets the bicyclists took a five-mile
ride into the country and returned on tne
new bicycle path.
Zimmerman Goes to Europe.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.— Gus Zim
merman, the champion rifle-shot, sailed
for Europe to-day. He is going to shoot a
match with L. Angehern, the chaim>ion
sharpshooter of Switzerland. Mr. Zim
merman will also compete in an interna
tional shoot at Versailles, France. At
Union Hill Schuetzen Park recently, Zim
merman scored 150 bullseyes in as" many
shots.
•
Germany's Harness Races.
BERLIN, Germany, June 25.— 1n the
trotting races to-day the Lohengrin prize
of 1600 marks. 3600 meters, was won by
Acanthus. Kronprinz was second and
Babelsberg third.
The Exhibition prize of 2000 marks, 3200
meters, was won by Kleber; Spruce wood
second and Ella P third. -
♦
Won by Eddie Hayes.
HAMBURG, Germany, June 25.— 1n the
trotting race here to day for the prize
of 1500 marks, at 2400 meters, was won by
Eddie Hayes, Josie Chimes second and
Sbadeland Lamott third.
MILL VALLEY CARNIVAL
The Country Club Preparing
for an Evening of
Pleasure.
Vaudeville Entertainment fa a Grove
of Redwocds Near the Famous
Old Mill.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., June 24.— The
Mill Valley Country Club will, on the
evening of July 11, give an entertainment
on the old mill reservation in Mill Valley,
for the benefit of the building fund of that
organization. The entertainment is to
be upon a bigger scale than heretofore at
tempted in Mill Valley.
The main feature of the evening will be
a vaudeville entertainment, to take place
in the grove of redwood trees to the north
of the old mill. George E. Last of the
Tivoli in San Francisco has this in charge.
The historic old mill, built in 1843 by John
Reed, after which Mill Valley was named,
is to be illuminated with calcium iights,
red lire, Japanese lanterns and electric
lights. The calcium lights will be so
arranged as to cast their rays full upon
the old mill from every point, colors to be
rapidly changed to proauce beautiful
effects.
Another featuie of the evening will be
an illumination of the homes in Mill
Valley. This is to be accomplished by a
liberal use of Japanese lanterns, electrio
lights and colored fires.
Special boats and trains will be run from
San Francisco. The. grove in which the
yaudeyfUa entertainment is to take place
is to conrein hundreds of incandescent
lights, arranged in artistic designs. Lovell
White, president of the Tamalpais Land
and Water Company, has tendered free
and exclusive use of grounds for this even
ing. Among those having the entertain
ment in charge are Lovel! White, A. A.
Martin, president of the Mill Valley Coun
try Club; Charles F. Runyon, vice-presi
dent of the Goodyear Rubber Company;
T. H. Reynolds, treasurer of the Western
Union Telegraph Company; A. C. Hinz,
E. L. Heuter, George T. Marsh, Judge
Fottrell.
T>e.ath Sentence Commuted.
PARIS, France. June 25.— The sentence
of death passed at Douai upon the French
man Itaoul Tremblie, who was convicted
of the murder in Buenos Avres of another
Frenchman, named Francois Farbes, has
been commuted to penal servitude for life.
The motive of the crime, which was com
mitted two yeara ago, waa robbery.
LAVERONE CAUGHT
NEAR RED BLUFF,
Sheriff Bogard of Tehama
Captures the Madera
Fugitive.
WORKING AT A RANCH
The Outlaw Is Found Engaged
on the Top of a Stack
of Hay.
YIELDS WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
He Describes His Escape From Blood*
hcunds by the Use of Cayenne
Pepper.
RED BLUFF, Cal., June 26.— Sheriff A.
Bogard of Tehama County to-day cap
tured W. A. Laverone, the notorious
young* outlay, who some months ago broke
jail at Madera.
About a week ago the Sheriff had an
intimation that the fugitive was in Tehama
County, and he has been on the alert since
then to locate him. He wrote to Sheriff
Westfall ol Madera several days ago, mak
ing inquiries, but had received no answer.
He wired for an immediate answer this
morning, and received in reply a full de
scription of Laverone. Sheriff Bogard had
suspected a certain person, and when tnis
description was received he at once went
to the ranch of Frank Miller, about two
miles south of Corning. There he found
the man he supposed to be Laverone. The
fellow was at work on the top of a hay
stack. The laborer was toid 4o come
down from the top of the stack.
On reaching the ground he was at once
placed under arrest. He cheerfully com
plied with a request of the Sheriff that he
should bare his arm, and with the assist
ance of J. J. Donovan his shirt was re
moved and vaccine marks were discov
ered. He then admitted that he was the
man wanted, and became very talkative.
Laverone gave a full account of his
escape; how he sawed off the bars of the
Madera jail, and the details ot his travels
since then. He said he had a caseknlfe in
his cell and procured a file, but he would
not say where tne file came from. The
knife was converted into a file, and the
work was then easily done. He and his
partner, Roberts, got a horse and cart as
soon as they got out of jail, Laverone get
ting the cart and Roberts remaining to
see that the jailer did not awaken until
Laverone' s return. They drove about
eleven miles, when the cart broke down.
Tbey then went up on to the mountains
east of Madera, where they got something
to eat at a sheep camp.
At this point the bloodhounds were
placed on their trail. To throw the
hounds off the scent they sprinkled cay
enne pepper over their shoes, and the re
sult was all they could have hoped for.
The next day they were so close to the
hounds that they could watch them, but
they felt safe, as the hounds would not
follow the trail. They went to a small
town on the railroad, where they stayed
for four days, sleeping in a barn. Then
they boarded a boxcar and went northward
for some distance, when he and Robeits
separated.
Laverone went to the town of Tehama
and secured work at the sheep ranch of E.
H. Ward. Next he went to John Rob
bins' ranch, where he worked for a time.
He came to lied Bluff, but soon departed
for the country. Then he went to his
uncle, a rancher near Tboines Creek,
northwest of Corning. After staying
there a short time, he went to Miller's,
where he was captured.
Laverone refuses to give any informa
tion regarding Roberts' whereabouts, al
though Sheriff Bogard has closely ques
tioned him.
Teharna County has a Sheriff who never
tires when on the chase. In many re
spects he resembles his brother, J. J.
Bogard, the Sheriff who w&s killed by
"Jack" Brady at the time of the Wheat
land train robbery.
WORK AT PACIFIC GROVE.
Topics Discussed in the Hummer School
of Methods.
PACIFIC COAST, Cal., June 25.— The
summer School of Methods this morning
considered the relation of the temperance
work to the children of the State. The
session was under the auspices of Mrs.
Eyster, State superintendent of the juve
nile department of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union. The discusion of
best methods of enlisting the co-operation
of teachers of the common schools in the
scientific temperance instruction demand
ed by the law of the State was shared by
Mrs. R. Johnston, late principal of Ade
line School, Oakland, Dr. Mallory of Au
burn, Mrs. Hoppin of Yolo, Mrs. Hood of
Stanford University and others of equal
ability.
In the afternoon an able address upon
"Child Culture" was delivered by Mrs.
Hood. A paper entitled "The Mothers of
Great Men" was read by Mrs. Ada Van
Pelt of Oakland, and a scientific discourse
upon "Bacteria in Alcohol," profusely
illustrated, was delivered by Miss Jennie
Norton, daughter of the late Professor H.
B. Norton. The day closed with an even
ing entertainment— a lecture upon Hawaii,
accompanied by stereopticon views, by
Rev. Dr. Dille of Oakland.
FRESNO'S BOY THIEVES.
Two Youths in Durance for a Series of
Midnight Raxds.
FRESNO, Cal., June 25.— Willie Grady,
aged 14, was to-day convicted in the Supe
rior Court on a charge of burglary. He
and a boy named Chenoweth broke into
Hobbs & Parsons' packing-house and stole
a number of articles. The two have quite
a criminal history, having been arrested
for thievery a number of times. Owing to
their tender years they have always es
caped punishment.
Near the home of Chenoweth, who has
already been sent to Whittier, was found
a cave which tae two boys had excavated
under a shed. In the "cave was a large
amount of plunder, representing many
raids by the youthful thieves. While in
jail awaiting their trials, about three weeks
ago, the boys escaped through a hole in
the door while the jailer was in another
part of the establishment.
FRESNO MA NTA'S FREAK.
Seeks Police Protection Front an Imag
inary Enemy.
FRESNO, Cal., June 25.— An insane
man came to the County Jail this evening
and asked to be taken in charge. A large
black man, no said, waa after him to kill _
him. Deputy Sheriff Peck questioned the
fellow, who was badly frightened. When
he saw Jailer Manley he said Manley was
the man who wanted to kill him. Manley
had to retreat, while Peck placed his new
guest behind bars.
"My name is Smith, but it will not be
that very long," said he. "That fellow is
going to kill me. I just came across the
river" from Illinois to-day, thinking that
here in lowa I could find protection."
The unfortunate man raved in his cell.
Hi» clothes were dripping wet with per
spiration from his race to get away from
his imaginary enemy. No one here knows
who he is or where he came from.
SANTA BARBARA'S NEW CLOCK
A Fine Town Horologe to Grace the
Fithian Block.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 25.— R.
B. Fithian, who is just completing \he
erection of a handsome block of buildings
in Santa Barbara, has closed a contract
for a town clock to be placed in the tower.
It will be the finest possessed by any city
(vest of the Rocky Mountains.
This clock, which is destined to be one
of the attractions of the coast, will have
four dials, showing on either side of the
tower in dormer projections, and will be
illuminated by night. The bell on which
the hours are to be struck weighs 1550
pounds. The entire striking apparatus
consists ot five bells and weighs two tons.
Every fifteen minutes the Westminster
chimes will be rung and tbey will be
repeated four times at the striking of each
hour. The bells are to be cast of the finest
metal and will be bo arranged that they
can be detached and sounded separately
when occasion demands. The clock and
chimes will be in place early in the fall
and will form a delightful addition to this
quaint old city's attractions.
Sandon Out of Danger.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 25.— The town
of Sandon, B. C, threatened with destruc
tion from forest fires yesterday, is to-day
out of danger. The Canadian Pacific
came to the rescue with a large crew of
men on a work train from Three forks.
They assisted the citizens in fighting the
fire. Several outlying buildings and hun
dreds of cords ot wood along the track
were burned.
A FEUD AT SACRAMENTO,
Armed Mongols From Los An
geles Invade the Capital
City Chinatown.
They Come to Carry Back a Maiden
Spirited Away From the Citrus
Belt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 25.— There
came near being a highbinder battle jn
Chinatown to-night, and it is liable to oc
cur at any moment. A few weeks ago a
local merchant married a woman who was
brought here from Los Angeles. The
southern citrus-belt Celestials called it a
case of kidnaping and sent a lot of armed
fighters here to get the woman again and
incidentally to kill off a few of the Sacra
mento Chinamen should they show fight.
The new-comers have Headquarters di
rectly across the street from those of the
so-called society to which the groom be
longs, and to-night tbey sallied forth in
force. The local contingent was not ready
for a battle and got inside in baste. The
police are on the lookout for any demon
stration that may be made.
WANTED AT PASADENA.
Forger Wilson's Futile Attempt to De
fraud Woodland Men.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 25.— A few
days ago a stranger giving the name of J. j
H. Wilson arrived in Woodland and vis- ;
ited a number of the most prominent j
Knights of Pythias. Among these were
Superior Judge W. H. Grant, a grand of
ficer of the order, District Attorney Hop
kins and Frank Dietz. Wilson claimed to
be a member of the order in good stand
ing. He told a pathetic story of bad luck
and asked for financial aid so that he
would be able to reach his home in Pasa
dena, where, he asserted, he could obtain
employment.
Mr. Dietz telegraphed to the Pasadena
lodge, inquiring about Wilson. As soon ag j
the Pasadena officers learned that Wilson
was in Woodland they telegraphed to
Sheriff Griffin to arrest him, as he was j
wanted on a chargs of forgery. The offi- I
cals made a thorough search of this city
for the forger, but were unable to fini j
him. Wilson evidently became alarmed at j
the delay and concluded to change his !
field of operations.
NEW TO-DAT.
Narrow
Trousers
In two or three months, re-
tailers arid merchant tailors will
be selling the new style NAR-
ROW TROUSERS.
As manufacturers, we have
them NOW.
And have you seen the new
frock suits — fly coats and vests,
flap pockct3 ? And the new sack
suits without the outside breast
pocket ?
Not unless you've been here —
can't find them elsewhere — not
yet.
$15, $16.50, $18— the same
value that tailors give you at
$30 to $40.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Profis. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine; Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
BOYCOTT AT SAN JOSE,
See Yups and Sam Yups Carry
Their War Into the
Garden City.
The Chinese Consul Appeals to the
Police to Check a Reign of
Terror.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— The boycott
inaugurated by the members of t lie See
Yup Company against the Sam Yups has
spread to this city, and there are prospects
of serious trouble between the rival fac
tions in Sixth-street Chinatown. Several
Sam Yups have been set upon and beaten
by the See Yups of late and the members
of the former society have become terror
ized.
Charley Kow Kee, on 3 of the most
prominent members of the Sam Yup So
ciety, has had hi 3 life heavily insured and
is wearing a steel chain armor to protect
himself against stray bullets and knife
thrusts. The armor was imported from
China and cost $250.
The Chinese Consul at San Francisco has
written to the police in regard to the
lawlessness resorted to by the Bee Yups in
Chinatown.
ARGUING FOR AN ESTATE.
Closing Speeches of Counsel in the Par-
Jeer Will Contest.
BAN JOSE.CaI., June 2s.— Attorney Coo
gan, counsel for Mrs. Emma L. Parker,
the contestant in the Parker will case, re
sumed t>is argument before the jury this
morning. He lauded the chnracter of the
contestant, and asserted that undue in
fluence had been exercised by the Pome
roys over George H. Parker when he made
the will. He finished a few minutes be
fore 12 o'clock. Judge Spencer followed
for the respondents. He occupied the
afternoon in reviewing the testimony of
the contestant and her witnesses. The
case went over until Monday.
John JE. Raight Dies.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— John S.
Haight, a pioneer resident of this valley,
died at his home at Santa Clara yesterday
afternoon. He was a native of New York
and 63 years of age. He settled in this
valley in the early fifties and for a number
of years was constable at Sunta Clara. He
was also a prominent raemb°rot the Santa
Clara Fire Department. A widow and five
grown children survive him.
Burglar Miller Pleads Guilty.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 25.— Gas Miller,
alias Weincke. who robbed the Olympic
oaloon, on South Market street, two weeks
ago, pleaded guilty to burglary in the first
decree before Judge .borigan to-day. He
will be sentenced to-morrow. Miller ba3
been identified as a burglar who commit
ted several robberies in San Francisco.
Los Gatos Lighted by Electricity.
LOS GATOS, Cal., Juno 25.— -Los Gatos
was lighted by electricity last night for
the first time. The streets were thronged
by people and the Los Gatos band pa
raded. Afterward a concert was given in
front of the Los Gatos Hotel.
PORTLAND'S STRAGGLER INSANE.
I Cosgrove, the Whitechapel Fiend, Will He
Sent to an Asylum.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25.— The authori
ties have come to the conclusion that John
I R. Crosgrove, the woman strangler, is
! crazy enough to relieve him of the respon
! sibilitv of answering to the indictment in
! the criminal court, which charges him >
with assault with intent to kill a White
chapel woman nearly three months ago.
Ccgrove was turned over to the ccanty
court lor examination for insanity this
I afternoon, and he will probably be sent to
! the State Insane Asylum.
The chief witness is not positive of the
I identification of the man. and aside from
that Cosgrove's actions indicate that he is
mentally deluded, and if allowen to run at
large he is m likely to attack a man as a
woman. He, it is firmly believed by the
police, had a hand in the strangling cases
in San Francisco.
Cosgrove was at one time in Vancouver,
[ Wash., and it is believed he was the fiend
who attempted to kill a woman there last
winter. His peculiar mania was the kill
ing of outcast women, thereby ridding the
| world of their presence.
Lake Tahoe's New Steamer.
McKINNEYS, Lakk Tahoe, Gal., June
! 25. — United States inspectors inspected the
| steamship Tahoe this morning. Th° fol
i lowing are licensed to serve as officers:
I Ernest Pomin master and Frank Oliver
: purser.LOS ANGELES
BANK ROBBERS.
Officers Discover a Tunnel
to the First National's
Vaults.
STARTS IN A SALOON.
Excavated Beneath Cellars in
the Heart of the Business
Section.
DUG IN VAIN FOR EICHES.
The Safe-Crackers Frightened Away
After Weeks of Diligent
Labor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 25.— A re
markbly bold scheme of bank robbers —
one involving weeks of cautious labor in
the heart of this city — has been unearthed
by Los Angeles officers. The police have
discovered a tunnel which had been run
from Commercial street under celiars to
the vaults of the First National Bank,
which were to have been "oracked" by the
robbers at their first opportunity. Had
they been successful, they would have se
cured about $300,000. The bank is one of
largest institutions in this section. '
Some time ago Chief of Police Glass
learned that an attempt was likely to be
made on a local bank, but as nothing was
done the rumor was forgotten after a time.
The Chief went to Atlanta, Ga., in May,
and then, it is supposed, the gang began
operations. Detectives had been cautioned
to be on the watch during the Chief's ab
sence, and shortly after his departure they
learned that "Billy" Matthaney, Gillespie
and Rier^on, a gang of clever safe-crackers,
were in the city.
The first clew to their plans was found
when Detectives Aubie and Hawley
searched Matthaney's rooms. In a satchel
they found a suit of dirty, stained clothes,
which led the officers to believe that the
gang was trying to dig into some bank.
The point at which they were at work
could not be found, however, so after
vainly following the trio for several day?
the officers arrested them and ordered
them out of town.
Early in the present month Chief Glass
learned that an attempt had been made to
rob the First National Bank. The steel
vault rests on a brick arch built up from
the cellar. The arch consists of four
layers of brick, then cement, and on top
of this two gridiron layers of steel rails
separated by cement; cement upon the
top rail, then steel axles, more cement,
and then tbe four-inch steel floor of the
vault.
Several layers of the brick had been re
moved, while in the cement floor was a
hole hidden by some old bricks. The of
ficers could not get into this tunnel, as
the way was blocked by a big jackscrew.
Farther investigation proved that the
other end of this tunnel was in tbe neigh
borhood of the Anaheim Brewery saloon,
at 112 Commercial street, just around the
corner from the First National Bank,
which is at 226 North Main street.
On the 17th Detectives Auble and Brad
ish broke into the cellar of the saloon and
there found the other «nd of the tunnel.
The place had been run by a man named
P. L. Jones. The bar was partitioned off
into winerooms, and the entrance to the
cellar boarded up and floored over, a trap
door being cleverly concealed in the floor.
Tn his cellar, which is 35 by 45 feet in
dimensions, the work has been protecuted
with a care that was fully worthy of tne
magnitude of the project. It was exactly
102 feet from the cellar to tbe point under
the vault, and the robbers bad figured out
with such mathematical exactness, that
the tunnel is almost in a direct line. It is
about two and a half feet square, just
large enough to accommodate a man
working on all fours.
Picks, shovels, crowbars and other tools
were used to dig with. Tbe dirt was packed
in a piece of carpet and hauled out of the
cellar with a windlass. A small bell was
the signal. As the air was foul in the tun
nel a piece of rubber hose was stretched
and fresh air was supplied by a. bellows at
the cellar end. The drift was carefully
timbered.
The officers watched both entrances
carefully for several days, but at last
learned that the gang had flown, so the
place was thoroughly searched. The tools
were found inside the drift, carefully bid
den by earth and sacks. In the cellar was
a tub of water and in this were thirty-one
sticks of dynamite and a cigar-box half
full of giant powder, all wrapped in oiled
paper. Some of the dirt from the excava
tion had been piled in the cellar.
James K. Stephens was arrested on
Tuesday and charged with being impli
cated in the attempted burglary. His was
the only capture made, as the balance of
the gang decamped, frightened away by
gome unknown cause.
Tbe police are reticent regarding Steph
ens. It is believed that Matthaney's gang
is at the bottom of the job. Its members
are expert safe crackers and no doubt
agreed with the less experienced men to
blow up the vault if the others would do
the tunneling. Jones, the saloon man,
disappeared two weeks ago, and has not
been beard from since. The police are
anxious to get him.
RETURNS TO LOS ANGELES.
Sheriff Burr find* 1 hat Be Ha* Been
Chatting a Bogu* .IHtnhittn.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 25.— An in
nocent and unoffending prospector, by
name Tom Connell, is the Erstine Creek
"Dunham," who was seen by Pinney and
Richards, Sheriff Burr and a formidable
posse, heavily armed, after having made a
trip of many miles on horseback from
Caliente Station to the Mojave desert, re
turned to-day. They left Caliente on Sun
day with a guide and reached the Bright
Star mine camp, near Kernville, on Mon
day afternoon. Inquiry revealed the fact
that no stranger had been seen in that
section for many a day.
Here Sheriff Burr learned that the man
whom Pinney had seen at Erskine Creek
was Tom Connell, a prospector, who bad
beer. In camp for the past six months. He
was informed Inter on that a miner named
Stanley, who had a cabin about six miles
further on, had seen a stranger a. few days
a<*o while out prospecting. Burr was soon
at Stanley's cabin, but the owner was
away. He awaited Stanley's return.
Stanley informed him that while pros
pecting in a canyon a day or two ago he
beard a noise in the brush about seventy
five yards from where he was standing.
He crawled up and saw a man tearing
through the brush, closely pursued by two
wild steers. That was all. *
GOOD TEMPLARS MEET.
Resolutions Declaring for Equal Suff
rage Are Adopted.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., June 25. — The
District Lodge of Good Templars of South
ern California met in A. O. U. W. Hall
here to-day. Grand Chief templar Rev.
J. W. Webb of Fresno was in attendance,
with the following delegates:
El Monte— Wright, Emory Metcalfe,
Walter Metealfe and Alfred Drake.
Gardena— Jennie E. Smith, Mary E. Mitchell,
S. S. Smith.
Garvanza— Gamble, T. W. Greene,
Fletcher Burr.
Ragle Rock Lodge— Flora Mrs. Charles
Brierley.
Merrill— Fred Askew, F. Plaistridge, George
Telford, J. Watson, E. Braunton. - - ;■■■- |
Pasadena— Mrs. W. A. Ward, Sr. Gertrude
Ralston, W. A. Ward, Sr. Myrtle Shaw.
Santa Monica— Fred H. Tafts, Sr. Mrs. P. S.
Hubbard, Sr. Mrs. F. M. Tafts.
Willard Juvenile Temple, El Monte— E. G.
Metealf.
Seaside Juvenile Temple, Santa Monica—
S. Hubbard, Mrs. H. S. Hubbard.
Garvanzji Band of Hope— Thomas Fellows.
Pasadena Crown Temple— Mrs. Pierce.
Redondo— Mr. Hayward.
Pomona — G. Hansler.
West Saticoy— John A. Madison, Ernest Du
val.
Alhambra— C. H. Winsor. Dora Blackburn.
San Pedro— H. M. Dakin.
Tropicc— Mr. Prior.
The committee on resolutions submitted
the following report:
We reaffirm the Good Templars' platform,
adopted by the R. W. G. Lodge. > -V .-
We recommend that Gooq Templars do not
vote with any party which has not a plank for
the extermination of the liquor saloon.
We, as Good Templars, indorse the amend
ment of the constitution to be voted on this
fall, giving women the right of suffrage, and
call on all Good Templars to do all in their
power to help carry said amendment.
SCORED AT VETERANS.
Denunciation of a Pastor Who Would
Xot Drape UU Church With flans.
LOS ANGELES," Cal., June 25.— Stanton
Post, Grand Army of the Republic, and tbe
Women's Relief Corps, paid their respects
to Rev. Mr. Jfinley of the M. E. Church
South in the following terms at a meeting
here last night:
The members of the post and corps declare
that there is no spot s<o sacred but it may be
honored and glorified by the presence of that
illustrious banner, more dear to us than life
itself; that no day is too holy to bring to grate
ful remembrance the struggles and sacrifices
of our forefathers for liberty and independ
ence; that that church or denomination that
re: uses to Inculcate lessons of patriotism tiiid
veneration for our National emblem is derelict
in its duty; thai any so-called minister of the
gospel who so far forgets his obligations to
patriotism, and who so outrages every senti
ment of loyalty and memory of our patriotic
dead as to deliberately insult the flag of his
country, is in no sense a true follower of the
Lord Jesus Christ, and is unworthy the protec
tion of the stars and stripes and the blessing
of liberty and peace whicn they guarantee.
Fin ley had refused to drape his church
in National colors or preach a patriotic
sermon, as requested, next Sunday.
SPIRITUALISTS WAST AN GOLD
None Attempt to Win a Purse Offered by
a Woman.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 25.— People
were on the gui vive here to-night over
the challenge from Professor Tatum of the
spiritualists to T. C. Alexander, an alleged
exposerof spirit tricks, and in consequence
Burbank Theater was filled with people to
witness the contest. Tatum failed to ap*
pear, and in consequence the show fell
tl.it. Alexander made repeated requests
for any medium to come forward and do
slate- writing to the satisfaction of the
audience and he would immediately till
out a check signed by Edna B. Sherman
for |500 and turn it over to the successful
medium. He read the following letter
from Miss Sherman and exhibited the
check, but no one came forward to com
pete for it :
Loa Angeles, Cal., June 25, 189t>.
T. C. Alexander— Dear Sir: I inclose check for
$500 to be paid toan y medium wbocan produce
spirit-writing on slate at your performance in
the Burbank Theater this evening. If no one
finds the conditions favorable enough, I will call
ior my check at the box-office to-morrow.
EIiNA B. SUEUMAJJ.
BAR ON SUM ARY CLOSING.
Angelenom Protest Against the Petition of
Reformers,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 25.— The
coutest over the proposition before the
Common Council of this city for Sunday
closing of all business places promises to
be a warm one. Two monster protests,
containing about 2500 names, have been
addressed to the Council in opposition to
the petition and movement for a Sunday
closing ordinance. The prutestants base
their opposition on the ground that such
an ordinance would be unconstitutional,
for the reason that "it would deprive a
certain class of an inherent right to six
days of labor and one of rest. Second —
Because it would destroy the equality of
all men before the law. Third — Because it
would be religious legislation. Fourth—
Because it would be discriminating in its
nature. Fifth — Because the constitution
of the United States guarantees one day
of rest out of a week to all who care to
assert that right without designating what
day of the wee* it shall be."
STOCKTON ASYLUM SHORTAGE.
Complaint Filed at Sacramento Against
the Several Bondsmen of Ex-
Treasurer Orr.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 25.— Deputy
Attorney-General Charles Post filed a
complaint in the Superior Court to-day
on the part of State Controller E. P. Col
gan, H. O. Southworth, A. Thornton, J.
D. McDougal, A. McDonald and Joseph
Steffens, directors of the State Insane
Asylum at Stockton, against N. M. Orr
and H. H. Hewlitt. Frank Stewart, T. W.
Newell, 1. D. BostwicK, R. B. Parker and
George West, who were the bondsmen of
N. M. Orr when he received the appoint
ment of treasurer of the State Insane
Asylum in Stockton.
The complaint, which is very lengthy,
after detailing the conditions under which
Orr accepted the office, states that he has
failed to account for about $10,000 of the
funds of the institution, although he has
been repeatedly requested to do so. On
April 24 E. P. Colgan had a demand
served on Orr for the sum of $10,000, to be
returned within twenty days. Orr had
failed to produce the money, and in con
sequence Colgan added to the gross
amount 25 per cent damages. By so
doing there became due to the State and
payable from these bondsmen the sum of
$12,501 08, no part of which has been paid.
Then follows a copy of the bond, signed
by all the defendants, approved by the
board of directors.
SEES NEAR PASO RUBLES.
Another Dunham Engage* the Attention
of the Constabulary.
PASO ROBLES, Cal., June 25.-The
local constabulary was notified this after
noon, that a stranger answering to the de
scription of Dunham, the murderer of
the McGlincy family at Campbells, had
camped last night at the Ryan Ranch,
eight miles east of town. A posse was or
ganized and started for the ranch.
Santa Barbara's Street Railway.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 25.—
Well-borers who have been sinking for
the Santa Barbara Consolidated Electric
Street Railway Company on the lot se
lected for its power-house to-day struck
at a depth of 375 feet a splendid artesian
How. This development establishes the
location of tie power-bouse and encour
ages t-.e company to hasten its comple
tion. A large force of men is laying rails
along the already-graded track, and the
road will be in perfect running order by
the Ist of September, the date specified in
the company's franchise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
FATHER FERGUSON
ON "FALLACIES,"
The Eloquent Priest Ad
dresses an Immense
Gathering.
DEFENDS THE CHURCH.
What Emperor Frfderick Said
to Philosopher Benjamin
Franklin.
DEFINES ••STALL-FED" CATHOLIC
Declares the Catholic Church to Be
in the Vanguard of Thought
and Progress.
Father Ferguson lectured at Metropoli
tan Temple last evening under the aus
pices of the Young Men's Cathoiic Union,
on the subject of "Exploded Fallacies."
The lecturer was in his best voice and was
frequently interrupted in his discourse by
the applause 6f his large and sympathetic
audience.
Prior to the lecture there was an interest
ing prelude of a musical and literary
character. The performers were all
encored. As Father Ferguson arose and
was introduced by the chairman the au
dience burst into prolonged applause.
"I intend to lay before you this even
ing," he began, "the proof of certain fal
lacies regarding the Roman Catholic
church. These proofs are so cogent and
convincing that even the beam in the
most skeptical eye cannot obscure them.
"One of these fallacies is that the Catho
lic church is an enemy of human free
dom. Why, in the broad light of history,
any being can so hold is more than I can
tell you. It is one of those things that is a
marvel unto the philosophical mind.
"Until a very late period such was the
bitterness against those of our faith that
they were not permitted to enter any of
the learned professions. Men of honest
minds, who did not realize that this state
of affairs was dne wholly to bigotry, came
to the conclusion that the Catholic church
is an enemy to freedom and all prosress.
"Then look at the prejudices tiiat have
flooded Protestant homes in the form of
partisan literature. This is one reason
why the Protestant world, not so very
long ago, beiieved us to be followers of a
crude, if not corrupt, religion.
''But of late years there has come an im
portant change. The diffusion of Catholic
literature, the writings of unprejudiced
Protestants, and even of liberalists and in
fiSels, have done much to do away with
such a flagrant error.
"Let me tell you right here, that the
wisdom of hunting down these disreputa
ble i ales is manifest. As Macaulay says,
we cannot consider it strange that Protest
tants believe even tbe most strange and {
outlandish tales about us when we let
them pass unrefuted.
"This is something for you Catholics
who may be termed 'stall-fed' to consider."
After the laugh that erected this sally
had subsided Father Ferguson continued
his discourse in elucidation of the term
"stall-fed."
"A 'stall-fed' Catholic," he declared,
while the faces of his audience showed
that they anticipated something witty,
"differs from the 'jelly-fish' Catholic in
this: The 'jelly-fish' Catholic, while he)
will not answer, will let it go at that, j
while the 'stall-fed' Catholic will neither
answer himself nor will he lat others
answer. They call this 'dienified silence,'
but it ouuht rather to be called 'dignified
cowardice.' " %
Pausing for the applause and laughter
to subside, the lecturer drew a deep
breath and then launched forth asain, his
manner becoming more impassioned as he
warmed to his subject.
"They tell us that the Catholic Church
is an enemy to civil and religious
liberty, that her head has been
whitened by the snows of the
ages while her countenance has been
kept hooded and away from tbe sunlight
of toleration and beneficence, that like
some hideous animal from the shades of
the underworld she lies in wait with her
talons ready and itching to pounce upon
and rend him who would sinK broader and
deeper in the rock of human liberty the
foundations of the social fabric.
"How any man can pretend to believe
this and then hold up his nead before his I
fellow-nien and assert that he has ever
glanced inside the pages of history is a
mystery so profound and marvelous that ■
in grappling with it the brain reels and
the senses become utterly confused. I
now and forever will maintain that if it
were not for the Catholic church the pres
ent liberty of the United States could not
be maintained.
"What have the enemy to say of the
valor of our chivalrous sons who, in the
tremendous charge between the cross and
the crescent, bathed the soil oi Europe
crimson with their lifeblood in preventing
it from being overrun by the Moslem
hordes? Nothing whatever. 1 heir silence
is as deep and unbroken as the grave.
Listen to what the Protestant historian,
Lecky, has to say:
No human pen can write its epitaph, for no
human imagination can adequately realize its
glory. In the eyes of those who estimate the
greatness of sovereignty, not by the extent of
its territory nor by the number of its soldiers,
but the influence it has exercised over man
kind, the Papal Government has no rival and
can never have a successor.
Father Ferguson then mentioned more
instances in which the archives of history
demonstrate the obligations of the world
to tbe mother church, and then took a
new tack.
"Who was it," he demanded, "that es
tablished the present system of trial by
jury, with the good that it has brought to
us? Wno was it that founded all those
cardinal laws that have insured peace and
prosperity to nations and peoples as long
as they obeyed them in spirit and in
letter? Who but the Roman Catholic
church, which is and j ' ays has been the
tender mother of civil and religious lib
erty and of individual right. .
"The Protestants cannot claim the honor
for these institutions. Why? Because
they existed long before that form of re
ligion ever came into the world with its
attendant string of evils. That is why.
Isn't it enough?"
"Now" continued Father Ferguson,
"Magna Charta is commonly supposed to
be tne document that forms the basis of
all modern governmental liberty. To
whom was its origin due? Let me tell
you —it was owing to tne stren
uous endeavors of that grand and
noble man whose memory shall for
ever linger with us as an odor
fresh from the balmy groves of the Gar
den of Eden, Stephen Langton, Arch
biihop of Canterbury. On his memory
Sunset Cox, late envoy to Persia, pro
nounced a eulogy so fitting that I am
going to read it to you tonight. I am
going to let you know something of this
man to whom the civilized world is so
greatly indebted. 1 '
Here tbe lecturer read a rather long arti
cle by the author mentioned, showing the
estimation in which he personally neld
the Archbishop of Canterbury and what
homage his memory deserved from
all enlightened nations. The reverend
father ended with a plea that his
hearers would not forget that the
man of whom tbls tribute had been
written wad a Kotnan Catholic.' He was
once interrupted by deafening applause
while reading the article at a paragraph
erapasizing the fact that Magna Charta is
the direct, predecessor of the American
Revolution and the Declaration of Inde
pendence.
"Now," he continued, "I am not eager
to draw the deadly parallel in matters re
ligious, but it might be apropos under the
circumstances to ask what those on the
Lutheran side of the fence have to say for
themselves during the years that have
elapsed since the Reformation."
The manner in which Father Ferguson
asked the question was so inimitable and
the slight, sarcastic emphasis he threw
upon the word "reformation" so fetching
that the audience was instantly convulsed
with laughter.
"What have they performed ? I ask.
Has not the Enclish Parliament passed so
many bad laws that the fair pages of
history have been sullied by numerous
'redresses of grievances.'
"If Catholics are such enemies of liberty
why did they stand in and assist this re
public in the days of its infancy, when it
was hardly able to stand upon its feet?
"How about the Protestants during
those stirring times? Did they assist the
Americans? To be sure they did"— this
ironically.
"All those Hessians that were shipped
over to keep us under the iron hand of the
tyrant were Catholics, weren't they?"
Father Fereuson's tentative tone, and the
comic expression of his features when he
made this query, again brought down the
house.
"I defy any man to show me," he thun
dered, "that any Catholics were ever
shipped over to help subdue this country.
No, they are too liberty-loving a people
for that". There were enough Catholics in
Washington's army alone to disprove any
such assertion.
"What nations were they that gave us
recognition in those times? Compare the
reception of Franklin at the court of
France and of Prussia. At the former he
was welcomed. At the latter Frederick
told that eminent philosopher, who
snatched the lightning from the skies and
the scepter from the hands of tyrants, that
he was born to rule, and did rule, and
didn't intend to lend any assistance that
would harm the trade.
"Then how about the republics of Genoa
and the surrounding territory, as well as
the cantons of Switzerland, who owed
their existence to the favor of the Popes?
Instead of fostering them they might have
taken away their liberty had they so de
] sired.
"What was the results produced upon
I the Governments of Europe by the refor
mation? For fully 250 years absolutism
reigned, and it was not until the year 1848
that the tyranny of th« ruler of Prussia
was hedged about with restrictions. It is
| about the same with Sweden and Den
mark."
Hereupon the lecturer paused to quote
from historical authority to prove that the
condition of the people of many of the
districts of these countries is, in many re
spects, as crude as it was hundreds of
years ago.
"As the great Cardinal Newman said,"
he continued after reading certain ex
cerpts, ""There's not a tongue that wags
against the Catholic church to-dsy that
doesn't owe it to her that it can wag at
all.'
"The fabric of freedom in this country
was first reared by Lord Baltimore,
when he came with his faithful band of
followers and worked for the establish
ment of peace, liberty and happiness.
"Jefferson, when he wrote that para
graph in the Declaration of Independence
stating that the attributes of all men are
'life, liberty and pursuit of happiness,'
was foreshadowed by Fenelon, a great
French archbishop, who used nearly the
same words in requesting an English king
to ailow his subjects greater liberty.
"In conclusion, let me say that theCd'th
j olic church will ever be fouad in the van
' guard of progress, holding aloft tha torch
light of liberty and reason, that the
na'.ions may see their way clear to higher
planes of thought and existence."
The gathering was dismissed with the
announcement that a grand patriotic dem
onstration would be held under the aus
pices of the Young Men's Catholic Union
in Metropolitan Temple on the evening of
July 3, at which all were invited to be
present. _________^__
VILLARD HIMSELF AGAIN,
The Old-Time Railroad King in
a New Transcontinental
Scheme.
Unlimited Backing From Europe and
tbe Rockefeller Interests in
This Country.
CHICAGO, 111., June 25.— The name of
Henry Villard of Northern Pacific fame
was associated to-day in railroad circles
with a story of a new transcontinental
railroad scheme, embracing the Baltimore
and Ohio, Chicago and Northern Pacific
Company's terminal property in this city,
the Chicago Great Western Road from
this city to St. Paul and the Northern
Pacific system from that city to the Pacific
Coast. It is said that Mr. Villard has re
gained the confidence of his former finan
cial backers in Europe to the extent of
having enough money, with the help of
the Rockefeller interests on this side, to
accomplish the gigantic scheme he is
credited with cherishing. The reported
plan is to buy in the Northern Pacific
property when it is offered at foreclosure
sale next month, and the Adams reorgani
zation committee is said to be cognizant
and friendly to the project.
Then the Chicago and Northern Pacific
Terminal s-ystem, which was built during
the Villard regime, is the next connecting
link which is to be added to the alleged
transcontinental chain of the property now
in the receiver's hands, if put up at fore
closure sale next October. If it develops,
as reported, that the Vanderbilts are after
that property for a Michigan Central
terminal the bidding will run far ahead of
the court's upset price of $10,000,000.
The Baltimore and Ohio, whicn is to be
the Eastern section oi the chain, is to be
sold by the receivers this year to the hisrh
est bidder, and it is said Villard and the
Rockefellers have been quietly buyinz all
the securities of that road they could get
since the road joined the receivership
ranks. A majority of the holders of the
Chicago Great Western securities are
European, and it is said the lourth link
has been assured by a combination with
the backers of Villard there to make that
line an integral part of the new transcon
tinental route.
MARK HANNS A ROBBED.
A Burglar Enters Bin Residence and
Make* a Haul.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. June 26.— Hon.
Mark Hanna's Lake wood villa was . en
tered by a burglar at an early hour this
(Friday) morning. The thief secured $300
worth of jewels and $70 in money.
He did not arouse the occupants of the
house, but was detected on leaving it by
Mr. Hanna's private watchman. The
Lakewood Marshal was notified • and he
with his two assistants chased the burglar
to tee lake front, where he eluded them,
escaping safely with his plunder.
The Venezuela Incident.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.— The Her
ald's special cable from Caracas, Vene
zuela, says:
News received here from Guiana is to
the effect that nineteen Englishmen were
arrested with Mr. Harrison, a. civil en
gineer, and are now held in El Dorado
station, on the Cuyuni River, for their at
tempt to build a road in Venezuelan terri
tory.
There was no bloodshed when the ar
rests were made.
JOHN P, IRISH ON
WHITNEY'S LETTER,
This Eloquent Goldbug Dis
agrees With the New
Yorker.
HE CRIES "NO QUARTER!"
Says an International Agree
ment Is Remote, if Net
Impossible.
OPPOSED TO ANY COMPROMISE.
Irish Says the Sound Money Men
Should Stand Together Under
the Two-Thirds Rule.
John P. Irish is one of the gold Dem
ocrats who do not agree with W. C. Whit-
Naval Officer John P. Irish, the Leading Democratic Champion of Gold or
"Sound Money" on the Pacific Coast.
ney of New York, whose recent letter,
written in an effort to in some measure
stem the silver tide in the party, practically
acknowledged the defeat of the gold
forces, pleads for a compromise and re
ports that the march of the "other na
tions" to the bimetallic goal is plain to
the ear on the ground.
In the following statement of his views
Mr. Irish, with customary force, declares
for "no quarter," deprecates persuasion |
of silverites an<l asks that in this party
emergency the two-thirds rule be made
what it was intended to be, "the last
refuge of principle":
I have carefully read Mr. Whitney's letter,
and disagree with him.
The extreme silver men have a majority, and |
we have more than one-third of the conven- I
tion. Why persuade them to conservative ac
tion such as resting on an international agree
ment? Such an agreement is impossible, or"
6o remote as to lose paral.«tx. Mr. Whitney
overstates the European situation. If the ex- !
trcme silver men are induced to depend on an j
NEW TO-DAT.
THE GLORIOUS FOURTH
iH!.L^E. VACATION SUIT
PONT DELAY TOO LONG
alter
We're going to alter the store, big as it is, we're
going to make it bigger — in the meantime we have this
great Alteration Sale. Here's our offer for to-day —
Men's Suits that we sell at $12.50, $15.00 and $17^50,
we've altered in price to $9.35. Compare the quality
and style with any other store— and remember, we
sell NO "TRASH!
MEN'S SUITS.
$10.00
$12.50 FORMER
$13.50 PRICES
 $15.00
ALTERED
-tllJu I DI\DIJ
IN PRICE TO
$9-35
We've made the same great ALTERATIONS in
the price of everything, Men's, Boys' and Children's -
Clothing, Furnishing Goods and Hats to mark this
great ALTERATION Sale.
H.SUMMERFIELD&CO,,
!)22-930 MARKET STREET.
SAYE~MOMY--BE IN TIMET
COME THIS SATUEDAY.
TrarOFFERS^VEKADE™
international agreement they will be dis&p
apointed, and we will have an acute renewal
of tbe present dangerous agitation.
In my judgment the sound money men at
Chicago, being more than a third of the con
vention, should stand together and vote sol
idly for a sound money candidate — Russell,
Carlisle, William L. Wilson, Secretary Morton,
anybody who stands for the old Democratic
faith. No party authority capable of deliver
ing a National canon has ever yet declared
that the free, unlimited, independent coinage
of 6ilver at a ratio of 16 to 1 is a Democratic
principle. We are under no obligations to
accept that novelty at the dictation of recent
Republicans like Boies or anarchists like Alt
geld. Let lhem find ways and means to nomi
nate their candidate. The two-thirds rule in
Democratic conventions was intended to be
the last refuge of principle. Let it be used to
that end in this emergency.
What is the situation? We measurably re
deemed the party's pledge of tariff reform.
The silver men by violent agitation have so
alarmed the country and the world as to con
gest and stagnate business enterprise and in
dustry, with the result of deficient revenues,
not due to the tariff per se, but fo industrial
paralysis caused by the fear of a silver stand
ard. The silver men therefore have played
into the hands of the Republicans by enabling
them to revive protection and reseat it in the
law. Original silver propogandists in the
Democratic party were protectionists, like
General Warner of Ohio, who is now out with
a declaration in favor of 16 to 1 and "inci
dental" protection. The party owes to such
men the coming overthrow of every result of
thirty years' education oi the people on the
tariff.
They are going into this battle repudiating
the whole record of the party since 1861, and re
jecting the only successful leader we have had
since the Civil War. I see no good in attempt
ing to reason them out of it. They prefer Till
| man to Cleveland. Let them test the coun
try's judgment on that preference.
John P. leish.
OARSMEN AT PRACTICE.
The Sportsman Says the Yale Crew's
Work Has Surprised Their Eng
lish Critics.
LONDON, Eng., June 25.— The Yale
eight were out again this afternoon and
rowed over half the course in 3:32% at a
stroke of from 34 to 36. The New College
crewrowed the same distance in 3:24, at a
stroke of from 35 to 38.
The Sportsman will to-morrow say that
the latest performance of the Yale crew
has surprised their critics. It is abund
antly evident that they will take a lot
more beating than anybody expected.
The Trinity Hall crew were out on tbe
Thames this morning and rowed over half
the course in 3:32, at a stroke ranging
from thirty-eight down to thirty-five. The
Yale men were in better shape this morn
mtr. They were out on tbe water at 11
o'clock and rowed for an hour. Bob
Cook expressed himself as greatly pleased
with their work.
A Sheet Anchor
In all conditions of muscular wasting,
nervous debility and fever, good in shock
and fainting, a valuable help to dyspep-
tics. •
This eulogy, one of many, has been
pronounced upon that sterling stimulant,
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
A Sheet Anchor holds a ship from drift-
ing on the rocks. So does this medicinal
whiskey retard consumption of tissue, and
thus prevents the body from drifting into
a condition of disease. Is not this worth
remembering at a time when a change of
temperature may be fraught with danger
to blood and nerves?
No wide-awake druggist or grocer thinks
of being out of Duffy's pure malt.
$85.00. REDUCED TO $47.50
CLOSING-OUT SALE.
the "HDSEBY"
. FDLLY GUARANTEED.
The Only High-Grade Wheel on the
Market at $47.50.
We challenge comparison with|any and all bicy-
cles In the world, possessing radical advantages
superior to any bicycle manufactured.
LARGE ASSORTMENT
Of ladies' and gents' wheels must be sold in tea
days for cash. All I request is a critical, Impar-
tial and scrutinizing inspection.
E.J.THELENp^?t
Open Evenings. Tel. Main 1850.
IN RESPONSE TO THE DEMANDS OS MANY
X of our patrons we have concluded to establish
a "Table d'Hote" dinner, beginning Thursday, June
25, from 5 to 8 p. m., the pi.cc of which will .be *1«
The high standard of excellence that we have so
carefully preserved for so many years will recom-
mend this new feature to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain's Restaurant, 213 S utter.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THE
81st day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
! Commissioner of the State of California, pnrsua-it
I to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, coniensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner. i :/?'"*' •*'?'. v: : •'".'■
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 385,585 72
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,649. 502 50
Cash in Company's Office 1.129 88
CashinßanKS -.. 127,20181
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion... 244,436 33
Total assests .....fa, 307,866 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses in process of Adjustment or
inSuspense 119.953 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 38,589 95
Gross premiums on Fir« Risks run- .
nine one year or less, $1,545,-
-961 90. reinsurance 50 percent.. 772,980 96
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $882,-
-766 10, reinsurance pro rata 490,830 62
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities $1.537,814.70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ....'. $1,896,651 43
Received for interest and dividends . ; . .
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources ' 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3,443 83
Total Income $1,966,059 52
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for. Fire L055e5.... 13,679 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokeraze 813,603 94
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charge* for Officers, Clerks, etc.. 171,95103
Paid for State, National and local - -
taxes 42.957 96
All other payments and expenditures 149,964 34
Total expenditures $1,792,156 87
~-_.v -.., . ■ y ■■..-'.gj'iv.. . ; - ;
Fire. Losses Incurred
during the year... 51,062,339 00 :\; •;-;.
bisks A PREMitics. Fire Risks. ) Premiums.
, Net amount of Risks
written during . the
year $224,395,432 $2,584,042 13
Net amount of Risks ";%-.'",'-"
expired during the •.
year 217,651,094 2,562.295 68
Net amouDt in force
December 31, 1895 ,208,943,226 2,428,728 00
, . . K. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day
of January. 1896-
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
MAI 1 & WILSON, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO CAX.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford-:- "Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75. •
Phoenix "Stands the Racket"
$100.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1 1610 Market St., San Francisco. Cat
w^r f% - "*" *
4&RNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST OXE TO KXAM.INS
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eya-
glaases with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled.' Mjr *U»
cess hAs been due to the merits of my worit
Office Hours— l 2 to *c- v. . ■, -- .■ .■ ,
I^DEWEY&CO.'gaV
C -patents! a)
■%S^22Q MARKET ST.S.fSS^/
56
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally «nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Cam., one year, by mail — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by moil.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Cai.y., three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
Bunday Calx,, one year, by mail 1.60
Wekkly Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
■O, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders Riven to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. ,
NO KXTKA CHARGE. |
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California. ,
Telephone Maln-IS6&
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone :~»... ...Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:80 o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:80 o'clock. i
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open j
Wjtll 9 O'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'cloofc
119 JN in th street ; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boons 81 and 82, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
FRIDAY.. . .JUKE 26, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRE9JDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOB VICF-PKESIDKXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTION NOVEMBEB 3, 1896.
Whitney may still smile, but he is the
worse lor wear.
Now as for Thomas Sharkey he is surely
the coming man.
We now may expect Mr. Fitzsimmons to
blow his horn again.
Cleveland and Carlisle started her, but
there is nothing on earth can stop her.
Every report from the Treasury empha
sizes the need of immediate tariff reform.
When it eorntes to downright hard fight
ing the American seaman is always on
deck. ,
Mr. Whitney and Mr. Corbett have the
satisfaction of knowing they made it a
draw. ____-__^
The Ohio Democrats have had a lucid
interval and put forward au editor for
President.
♦ ' ■ ■' —
Freedom of speech among Democrats
seems to consist mainly in swearing at
Cleveland.
Whitney has emphatically put himself
out of the race, but Cleveland still hesi
tates to decline.
There is no question but what New Jer
sey will stand with Hobart. We can count
her in the Union.
Even New York Democrats have been
reading "Coin's Financial School" instead
of Wall-street bulletins.
With the average Democrat any hole in
the ground will do as a hiding place from
the people who demand work and wages.
The existing money of the country is
good enough for the people. What they
ask for is a chance to work and earn some
of it. _
Congress rebuKed Bayard, but as Oxford
• has conferred on him the degree of D.C.L.
he perhaps feels that he has been vindi
cated. . -
The New York Democratic convention
nominated no electoral ticket, but it is not
certain whether this presages a bolt or a fall
down.
Cleveland may issue another set of bonds
as campaign documents before election
day comes, and of course Wall street will
ratify it. '
Corbett may maintain his claim to the
championship after this, but he cannot do
it by devoting his time to the elevation of
the stage. _______
Since the gold Democrats in New York
could not control even their State Conven
tion, there will be very little use for them
at Chicago. __ :
Day by day the gold reserve goes down
and day by day the people are given new
evidences of the folly of this debt-making
administration.
By the time the municipal campaign
opens the people will be ready to make a
firm stand for progressive economy and
economical progress.
Cleveland may take up the Cuban issue,
but it is by no means certain that he is a
strong enough statesman to carry it to the
point the people wish.
If one may believe the Philadelphia
Record, the people of that city take more
active and vigorous exercise in dodging
bicycles than in riding them. ; > f.
When the factories and shops are run
ning and work and wanes are abundant
there will soon be an end tD the monetary
stringency and paralysis of trade.
"We stand where we always have stood,"
says McKinley. . "The tariff that we stand
for is a tariff that shall protect the homes
and the firesides of America against all the
world." _•"• •
It will be the policy of the free-traders
this year to make free trade masquerade
as free silver in order to steal a march on
the people and sava their hobby from de
struction.
. *
The Liberals have won in Canada and
liberal parties will win also in Mexico and
this country. This is going to be a big
year for liberalism and Americanism all
over the continent. •
Democracy on any platform will be the
same old Democracy that overturned the
protective system, ruined all American in
' dustry and deprived thousands erf people
of work and wages for three years.
When Whitney managed four years ago
. to bring about the re-election of Cleveland
he expected to be the administration can
didate this year, but I now he swears he
Wt-run if nominated nor serve if elected; .
LOCAL PATRIOTISM.
In his address at the great ratification
meeting at his home to Paterson, on Mon
day evening, Mr. Hobart turned aside for
a time from National politics to impress
upon his feJlow-citisens the importance of
civic patriotism. "1 invoke you. Republi
cans and Democrats alike," he said, "to
do even more than you have done, to
manifest more civic pride, more public
spirit. * * * We want to make a city
of comfortable homes for working people,
and have ample facilities for them to
earn enough to own and enjoy their
homes. It is to the advancement of this
idea that I have devoted my time, my
energy and my work to the best of my
ability in order that I might more fully
show my regard and affection for those
around me — thoso with whom I am in
friendly contact every day of my life."
At first thought it may seem strange
that tnis plea for local patriotism should
have been uttered by a great statesman
■who had just been nominated for the high
office of Vice-President of the United
States. One would naturally expect that
on his first address to bis fellow-citizens
after his nomination he would have spoken
to them of great National issues, to the
total exclusion of the little affairs of local
development. It is a significant evidence
of his deep and abiding civic patriotism
that he should have felt it and spoken of
it at that time, and we can easily learn
from it one of the reasons why he is so
esteemed, honored and loved by his neigh
bors and fellow-citizens.
As a matter of fact, nothing could have
been more appropriate to the occasion and
to the issues of the time than that address.
The Republic is but an aggregation of
communities. Protection to the indus
tries of the Nation means, of course, pro
tection to the industries of each locality.
On civic patriotism the truest national
patriotism is based. He serves his country
with honor -who serves his city with zeal.
It is the men who advance the welfare of
their ugighbors that can be most con
fidently trusted to advance the welfare of
the ■whole people. The home industry
merges inseparably into the national in
dustry, and a devotion to tbe happiness of
the fireside leads to a devotion to the pros
perity and glory of the Republic.
From the brief extracts of his speech
that have come to us, it is clear that Mr.
Hobart is one of the men whom the
American people delight to honor and
whom the Republican party is proud to
raise to office. We need more men of his
kind in tne country. We need them par
ticularly in California. We need men who
put forth their money, their energy and
their time to the building up of industries
in order that their cities may "have com
fortable homes for workingmen, with
ample facilities for them to earn enough to
own and enjoy their homes." That is the
Republican principle of protection reduced
to practice. It is to enable such men to
accomplish such work that the Republican
party exists and battles for the cause of
American industry against tha world.
There will be no condemnation of Mr.
Hobart for his local patriotism. "When he
spoke for bis home he spoke for every
community In the land. He sets an ex
ample which every man of capital and
capabilities should follow. All who stand
for American industries at all must stand
for their home industries. Civic patriotism
is no mean virtue and well deserves recog
nition, even among the great things in
volved in the National politics of Presi
dential years.
STAND BY THE RAILWAY.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway has a total mileage of less
than 100 miles, and just at this time it
should not be expected to exert much in
fluence upon freight rates and passenger
fares in a very extended territory. It
should be remembered that it is a new en
terprise and that it is only the oepinning
of what will crow into an extensive sys
tem of rail transportation lines. It is true,
also, that the mileage that is now open to
traffic was constructed rather faster than
railways generally are and that the work
of extending the line i? being pushed with
the utmost vigor. This certainly indicates
that it is the purpose of the projectors to
create competing lines in various sections
of the State, with San Francisco as the
focus of them all, and that in the not very
far distant future the Southern Pacific
will be confronted by a rival that is fully
equal to maintain its position, ereat and
powerful as the Southern Pacific is.
There never was a public enterprise in
California that promised so much good to
the people. No doubt the growth of the
interior of the State has been greatly re
tarded by the arbitrary and selfish man
agement of tbe Southern Pacific, and there
is no donbt also that there is no other way
to release the State from the iron grasp of
the Southern Pacific monopoly than the
construction of parallel lines. This the Val
ley Railway Company has undertaken to
do, and the good faith of its purpose is dem
onstrated by the large investment of capi
tal which the Valley road represents, and
in a very considerable reduction of traffic
tariffs the moment the first mileage of the
proposed system was ready to be operated.
Another proof of the earnestness of the
projection is found in the stability of the
roadway and structures of the first mile
age. It presents in no sense earmarks of
a speculative enterprise, but a solid and
permanent business undertaking on sound
business principles.
The plan includes, as we have said, a
large system of lines radiating from San
Franci'co and tbe trunk road. But while
the work of construction is in the hands
of capitalists who are thoroughly and sin
cerely seeking profitable employment for
their money, a duty of moment devolves
upon those whose interests would be bene
fited by additional rail facilities for reach
ing the markets of the country. We refer
to rights of way. There are those to whom
it sometimes occurs that a road must be
extended, else the enterprise would be
left half finished and unprofitable, and
that they will exact prices for the right of
way that would be equal to the value of
all their land holding were no railway
contemplated. Such men are a detriment
to any country; besides, they are misera
bly short-sighted, else they could see that
the introduction of ample public trans
portation lines would largely increase the
value of their property. If tbe people
want to be released from the yoke of the
Southern Pacific monopoly they should
give aid and comfort to the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway enter
prise. ■
GARRET AUGUSTUS HOBART.
The St. Louis convention made no mis
take when it nominated Garret A. Hobart
for Vice-President. He is a man of wide
business experience and possesses rare
executive ability. He is in no sense a
politician, but he is just such a man of
affairs as is needed to preside ovor the
Senate. His life has been spent in chan
nels of commerce and he is thoroughly
acquainted with the needs of the Nation's
trade and traffic. His knowledge of tbe
science of economics comes of participa
tion in practical business operations, and
of the experience which years of personal
conduct of large enterprises give. And the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
highest recommendation for tne position
to which he will be elected and his entire
fitness to aid ;n the work of rebuilding the
industries that have been wrecked in the
last three years cornea from his neighbors,
Republicans and Democrats, who are
familiar with his achievements in the
world of finance, manufacture and mer
chandise.
Undoubtedly Senators will be glad to
have the benefit of Mr. Hobart's larger
business experience in preparing and con
sidering measures for the advancement of
the trade, domestic and foreign, of the
country, and it is very certain that his
opinions will have in mind the ereatest
possible good for all the people. Then,
again, his knowledge of practical politics
and the tricks of the trade of politics
beinjr. no dim will cause him to regard all
legislation as business propositions for the
weal or woe of the people. This will b&ve
a tendency to make Senators forego
schemes which are for advantage to the
party rather than to the country. Mr.
Hobart will be quick to detect the purpose
of bills, and the country may be sure that
there will be no legislation, if the Vice-
President can help it, whose operation
would discriminate against one class of
citizens for the benefit of another class.
EASTERN DEMOCRATIC SCHEME.
The platform adopted by the New York
Democracy ; .s the some one that has been
in use by the party for several years. It
looks well and reads well, but wr.en one
digs down and gets at its true meaning he
rinds the same old basic principles of per
fidy, hypocrisy and falsehood. The usual
"pointing with pride" to the record of the
party was performed, and the leaders in
dulged in the time-worn habit of self
glorification. The convention was har
monious — unusually so for a New York
Democratic gathering — but then the occa
sion was not offering opportunities for the
Tiger to break into the arena. It was a
consultation to find out how best the life
of the party could be saved— a party that
is too sinful to die and not good enough
to live. Even the unterrined Tammany
ward bosses felt the solemnity of the oc
casion and kept comparatively quiet.
It is no surprise that the convention
blamed the Republican party for the fail
ure of the Wilson-Gorman tariff act to
provide revenue enough to maintain the
Government. Had occasion required there
would have been no hesitation in declar
ing that the Republican party is responsi
ble for tb« fall of Adam and all the sin in
the world. It is a cold day when the
Democracy of New York faiis to put the
consequences of its rascality and duplicity
upon tlie shoulders of some oilier party.
Bui the declaration that Democratic rule
is necessary to the well-beinir of the coun
try must have made every delegate smile
at his own capacity for lying. The last
time the country was under complete
Democratic rule prior to 1893 was between
1857 and 1861, and which culminated in
one of the most destructive civil war 3 the
world ever saw. The next advent of the
Democracy in public as the controlling in
fluence in the affairs of the nation was in
1893, and which immediately plunped the
country into commercial and financinl dis
asters of such force and character that the
nation was driven to the very edge of
country-wide bankruptcy.
History does not substantiate the claim
of the Democracy that it is necessary to
the well-being of the peop'e. "If I can
throw the patient into fits," said a quack
doctor, "he will be all right, for I am a
fits sDecialist." The Democratic party
has thrown the country into fits, which
the peop'e know very well, for they are
still squirming under the influence of the
dose, but they will not risk the old pol't
ieal quack's "cure all." The hair of the
dog is not, in this case, good for the bite;
h? sides, these are political dog day*, and
the Democratic doss are raving mad. The
effort of the New York Democracy to
make Western and Southern Democrats
take its medicine will, therefore, only in
tensify tbe spa?m». Whitney, Hill and
the other New York bosses prescribe a
milk and water, meaningless but thor
oughly hypocritical dose called "straddle'
for the National party, and intimate that
if it takes of it freely all cases of fits will
be cured and the party become so strong
and powerful that victory next November
would be assured, but the West and South
have not lost their wits if they are mad.
It is an insult to the West and Suiith to
ask them to join in a scheme to Cover up
their own views on the money question
with deceit so as to appear that they are in
harmony with exactly what they arc bat
tlingagaiust merely to please Whitney, Hill
and other attorneys of Wall-street syndi
cates and trust combinations. The West
and Bouth will not be caught by any such
chaff as the New York convention's kind
of bimetallism. The declaration is
adroitly drawn, and it is intended to per
suade the Chicago convention that it is
best to make a straddle pu tie silver ques
tion: fcut no doubt tbe silver delegates
will be able to see that what the Cleve
land wing is after is an all thin&s to all
men kind of a platform, hoping that such
a veneered declaration of principles will
give the victory in November to it, when
it would fasten the goid standard upon
the country for all time. Whitney, Hill
and company should have held their con
vention in'the Morgan-Rothschilds syndi
cate's parlors on Wall street. They can
not deceive Western and Southern silver
Democrats by rushing off to an interior
rural village so as to make it appear that
they are not the authorized agents of the
gold monometallism of this country and
Europe. The bait on the hook is more re
pulsive tdan the hook itself. In refusing
to name Presidential electors the conven
tion made a stupid blunder. It was in
tended as a threat— the threat of a would
be bully. __________________
A GOOD MAN GONE.
Lyman Trumbull was o*ne of America's
great men, a lawyer having deep and
profound knowledge of the philosophy
and ethics of law, and a statesman of
broad and comprehensive understanding
of the science of government. As a poli
tician he was a failure, although he served
eighteen years in the United States Sen
ate. Originally a Democrat, he was one
of the founders of the Republican party,
but he drew such a broad line between
practical politics and; economic politics
that he could not make them lap one over
the other, hence he failed utterly as a poli
tician, as such a man naturally would.
The trouble with Trumbull was that he
expected too much of humanity. His
ideals were too lofty and 1 too honest of
purpose for his day and generation. Be
ing a great lawyer himself he bad no
patience with law-makers who failed to
comprehend the spirit of our Government
in ; framing legislation, although they
might be entirely honest and sincere of
purpose. In I recent years Mr. Trumbull
called himself an independent Democrat
and voted at every election because he
deemed it the duty of every sovereign to
give expression in that to his best Judg
ment concerning how the public's interests
could be further promoted. He had very
little use for a man who would neglect his
duty at the polls. That he died a disap
pointed man there is no doubt. He wanted
to be at the bead of the Government be*
cause* as he believed, the constitution was
too often disregarded. The man's ambi
tion seemed to be to see profound respect
for our institutions everywhere; laws en
acted for the advancement of the people,
and the right of suffrage exercised because
it was the highest duty imposed upon the
citizen. Judge Trumbull was a type of
nobility of character and American man
hood which the youth of this country
mipht study with much profit to them
selves. ______ ______
PERSONAL.
Mr. J. R. Roberts of San Jose Is In this City.
Dr. C. VV. Weaver of Healdsburg is at the
Russ.
W. C. Good, a merchant of Santa Rosa, is at
the Grand.
Judge E. V. Spencer of Susanville Is a guest
at the Russ.
Mrs. J. V. Kelley and daughter, of San Jose,
are in this City.
Congressman J. A. Barham of Santa Rosa is
at the Occidental.
E. J. Swayne, a business man of San Diego, is
registered at the Russ.
H. S. Morey, a Placcrville mining man, is
registered at the Grand.
Charles F. Hoffman of the Red Point mine,
Placer County, is at the Grand.
Among those registered at the Grand is P. A.
Bueil, a lumberman of Stockton.
F. A. Boale, a lumberman of -Red Bluff, is
making a short visit at the Grand.
George Blake, a mining man of Redding, is
making the Lick nis headquarters.
J. H. Martin, a Woodland cattleman, is
among the late arrivals at the Kuss.
H. Windall, a wealthy mining man of Selby,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
H. Thorp of Sacramento, buyer for D. Lubln
&. Co., Is making a short stay at the Grand.
Mrs. William Hobson has been the guest of
Mrs. C. M. Shortridge during the past week.
George Fiske, the Yosemite photographer,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday wilh his
wife.
John Irwin Jr. and E. M. Hughes of the
United States navy arrived at the Palace last
night.
Allan B. Lemmon of the Santa Rosa Repub
lican, is among the latest arrivals at the
Grand.
G. M. Francis, editor and proprietor of the
Napa Register, Is a late arrival at the Occi
dental.
The Rev. Joseph Reis, a prominent clergy
man of Michigan, is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
L. J. Vfetzel of Yreka, a prominent man in
Siskiyou County, is staying at the Grand a few
days with his wife.
C. B. Hunt, a prominent citizen 'of Rieh
mqnd, Ind., is registered at the Grand Kith his
wife and Mm. C. L. Stan ton.
G. M. Odell, a cattleman and wholesale
butcher, of Bakersileld, arrived in town last
night and took a room at the Russ.
Senator Shine of Sonora has comedown to
the City for a few days, and is a guest of his
friend Major Fahey at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Johannes F. Ecsardt, superintendent of
Queen's Hospital, Honolulu, arrived at tbe
Occidental last niglit from the East. He is on
his way to Hawaii.
Bobert McDonald, a mining man irotn Baja
California, is at the Russ, registered from
Madalina Bay, the most forlorn pliice on the
peninsula and a small town where tnere is no
fresh water.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Simrmton, Phoebe Davis
Grismer and E. J. McGanney of New York,
who have been visiting the Coast for the past
few weeks, leave for their Eastern homes to-day
via the Northern route.
F. W. Smith, secretary and manager of the
Spokane Fruit Fair to be held October 6 to 17
inclusive, Is at the I'alare with F. J. Keliy.
They are here in the interests of the fair.which
wilt be the third annual exhibition of the kind
that Spokane has held.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25. -At the Plaza—
D. K. Hamilton. Albermnrle--E. E. S. Holdk-n.
Sinclair— MiKS Hoskins. Hoffman— G. A.
Cilne. Vendome — J. Malowanskr, Miss K.
Malowansky. Metropolitan— C. Bonner. Cos
mopolitan—J. P. Cosgrave.
LEARN TO LABOR AND WAIT.
For the lessons of life
They are man » un 1 stern;
- And tin- hardest to learn
Is not masterful strife . - ■
For a Kin x or a state;
It Is only— to w»U.
Youth is eager to start
On the ocean alone, ■>" •V \
Ere his strength be full-grown;
And though Age from his heart .
May of perils Inform,
Utill he thirsts for the storm.
' If bis courage be high,
He may struggle ft 1 oni?
• And by sorrow grow strong;. •- ;*'•
And the years, as they fIV,
May allot him lUe'ii prize - -
On this side of the skies. - - ,-v
But the many that striv«'
■ Tor i lie laurel* must fail:
And full many a sitil •
At Death's port snail arrive;
That could enter Joy's irate
Would its master but wait. '
—Frank Putnam in <. hicftgo Time Herald
POKY SAN FRANCISCO.
Santa Cinra Journal.
San Francisco in darkness will tend to im
press the newcomer and traveler in a very un
favorable light. When a great city has to re
sort to such methods of economy tbe financial
accounts of the municipality must indeed be
in sore straits. Even bankruptcy would seem
preferable. It is useless to advertise the won
derful advantages the City presents for horae
stckers and its spirit of prosperity, and claim
everything up to date, while such conditions
| # prevail. This adverse advertisement will
navel fast arid in a short time do harm
which it will take years to undo. Like a bad
reputation, it is hard to overcome. It will be
a great treat for thugs and thieves.
How a city like Ban Francisco can afford to
economize at such a cost is beyond the under
standing of the ordinary mortal.
THE LITTLE ANNIE.
Alameda Argus.
The Little Annie, Commodore Leonard's first
essay at yacht-building was sold some time
ago to a Mr. Franklin, who is now putting
power in her, having taken the contract tocarry
Tin; Call across the bay in the early morning.
This service must be performed before any of
the ferryboats begin running. The papers are
landed at the Broadway wharf, whence they
are taken by carriers and distributed through
out Oakland nnd Alameda.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Augustus (alter the ordeal)— that we are
engaged, 1 want to ask you a question: Why
did you rush out of the room when I began to
propose ?
' Elvira— lt— it made me feel so sorry for the
two girls down in the kitchen, whose lovers
are too bashful ana awkward to propose, so I
hurried down and invited the two couples up
into the back parlor, where the men could hear
how the thing is done. .
"Eh? Then they must . have beard every
word?" . .
"That doesn't matter, . dear. There is.no
danger of any breach of promise suit between
us, you know."— New York Weekly,
In South America.— Tourist— Why can't you
put a stop to these continual insurrections? *
- Native — are considering a measure, now
which may have a tendency in that direction.
It is proposed to reduce the President's, term
of office IJ three weeks, and to provide that he
shall not be eligible for a second term.—
A gentleman traveling in England some
years ago, while walking near a railway, en
countered a number of insane people in charge
of a keeper. Nodding to one of the lunatics,
he said: "Where does this railway go to ?" ;
With a scornful look the lunatic replied:
"It doesn't go anywhere; we keen it here to
| run trains on."— Philadelphia American.
Ethel tjoyously)— Charlie proposed to me
last night.
Maude— Yes. I knovr it. . /
Ethel— Why, how did you know ? •
Maude— l met him this morning, and asked
him what made him look so blue, and' he I said
i you had accepted ijoinerville Journal. ' ■ ,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
A man stepped up to the Baldwin desk the
other night with a gold brick in a satchel and
a broad smile on bis lace. He kept a good
hold on his grip and maintained his facial ex
pression while ho wrote in the register,
"George Campb?ll, Gras* Valley."
"Ah! a mining man from Grass Valley?"
queried the chief clerk as he put his pen be
hind his ear and prepared to extend the glad
hand. "Mr. Campbell, let the porter take
your valise."
"Not on your life. Wait till I show yon
what's in it." And he hoisted it up and
dropped it on the counter with a thud that
splashed half the contents of the inkwell over
into the toothpick-stand.
The hair on the olerk's head slowly rose in
George Campbell, Who Came Down From Grass Valley With a Gold Brick and
Took in the Fight.
pompadour array, as he gazed, not upon the
two collars and some other things, but upon a
genuine mass of the real yellow metal.
And then he carried the brick fondly to the
safe and placed it therein, with the gentleness
of a mother putting her first born to rest, and
as he closed the heavy iron-door he murmured
softly, "A gold standard would be plenty good
enough for me."
Mr. Campbell had come down to see the
prizeflnht, and, he had arrived in town a little
too late to deposit his bullion in one of the
banks as is his custom when bringing his
purchases to the City to exchange them for
coin.
He is proud of Grass Valley, for it ia the place
of his birtn, and it bears the added distinction
of being one of the most attractive mining
towns in California.
"There are five bi? mines at Grass Valley,"
said he. as he puffed the smoke from a good
cigar and followed it with his eyes as it rose
and assumed fantastic shapes, "and about 800
men are employed in them.
"Just now E. W. Hopicius is opening up the
Old Gold Hill mine that used to turn out
bucketfuls of ore along about 1860. Then,
down on the Allison ranch they are soon going
to start work on a very rich vein. Flood and
others are interested in that new mine.
"Several Frenchmen have invested in Grass
Valley recen tly, but not to any great extent.
One was 8n editor of a Paris paper, but I do
not recall his name. Malevilie, a Frenchman,
came down on the train with me to see about
a French syndicate that is said to have been
formed, tt is supposjd. for the purpose of iu
vesting money in Grass- Valley mines. The
first I heard of tt was about six weeks ago and
now I understand the agents are expected to
arrive here very soon from France.
"The annual output of gold from the Grass
Valley mines is probably $80i),000, or an aver
age of $100 for each man, woman and child in
the place.
"Up our way Grove Johnson is the most pop
ular man for Congress, but I think they're
sorry Caminetti didn't get It. Caminetti has
done so much for raining; he's a good man for
the miners, and Johnson hasn't done a thing.
"I'm in for the Republican platform and I
think the party's views on the money question
are Just right. I'm naturally opposed to silver
and I don't think its recognition would do the
country any good.
"I take a great deal of interest in horse
i-acing and fighting, aud you can bet if lean
get there I don't miss them."
Edward N. Tailer of New York and W. B.
Keriott of Chicago returned to the Palace yes
terday from the Yosemite. They were on the
stage when it was held up last week on the
way into the valley.
Mr. Tailer is elated over the experience and
the prospects of entertaining his friends on
his return to New York with harrowing de
tails of the dangers of travel In the mountains
of California. It cost him but $6, and would
have cost him only $2 but for the shrewdness
of the highwayman, who instinctively sized
him up for an Alderman and, looking at him
over the barrels of a full-cocked shotgun, de
manded more coin. But Mr. Tailer said noth
ing of a fat wallet in his hip pocket, nor did
he think it wise to make a move in that direc
tion and take chances of having his purpose
mihinterpreted.
Mr. Kerfott, being a resident of Chicago,
touk the whole affair as a matter of course,
and threw out some cash so dexterously that
a 50-cent piece lodged in the feathers of the
millinery of a woman passenger on the front
seat. It was the first time he had actually
thrown money to the birds and got it back
again. Ho says he thinks the "sack-suit" dis
guise must have been made by a London
tnilor, as it fit on the most accepted English
plan of goods to spare.
According to Mr. Kerfott, the express-box
that was thrown out contained only a way
bill and a love letter, but then he says the rob
ber was a very courteous fellow, gallant, and
probably romantically inclined, for he blushed
when a woman tossed out her purse, and de
clared that he did not wish the ladies to give
up their money.
Francisco Alba of Guatemala and a numer
ous family of little Albas are at the Occidental
becoming acclimated before continuing their
journey to Europe, whither Mr. Alba is going
to engage the services of three vaudeville
troupes for his new theater in Guatemala.
The Government has recently conferred
upou him a theatrical monopoly, together
with a handsome bonus of $110,000, on condi
tion that he have two good companies a year
to furnish enjoyment for the show-going pub
lic.
Mr. Alba thinks that he can do this and has
willingly taken the proffered money in order
to show his good faith in the enterprise.
Next year Guatemala is to have a great fair
and its opening will be the occasion of a grand
theatrical outburst, calculated for ever after
to spread a contag ion of theater-going among
the gallants and senoritas ol all Guatemala.
PERSONS OF PROMINENCE.
It is said that the medical practice of Dr.
Jameson in South Africa was worth $15,000 a
year.
The King of the Belgians has a great aver
sion to music and the sounds of a piano or harp
will render him frantic with rage.
Max O'Kcll says he discovered the most
beautiful types or women in the streets of
Budapest aud in tbe drawing-roomsof Dublin.
Lady Mary Hamilton Douglas, daughter of
the late Duke of Hamilton, will, when she
:omes of age, have an income of $1,000,000 a
jrear.
It is stated in England that three new
"Lives" of Christ are in preparation by three
popular novelists— lan Maclaren, B. R.Crockett
md Hall Cane.
Dr. Bridge, who is a famous organist of Lon
ion, sleeps in a bedroom which bears the date
>f 1364. It is a prior's room in Littleton tower
af the abbey cloister.
Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender, is one of.
the handsomest and most fascinating men in
Europe. He is restless, travels constantly and
beautiful types ot women in the streets of
Budapest aud in tbe drawing-roomsof Dublin.
Lady Mary Hamilton Douglas, daughter of
the late Duke of Hamilton, will, when she
comes of age, have an income of $1,000,000 a
year.
It is stated in England that three new
"Lives" of Christ are in preparation by three
popular novelists— lan' Maclaren, S. R.Crockett
and Hall Cane.
Dr. Bridge, who is a famous organist of Lon
don, sleeps in a bedroom which bears the date
of 1364. It is a prior's room in Littleton tower
of the abbey cloister.
Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender, is one of
the handsomest and most fascinating men in
Europe. He is restless, travels constantly and
is very fond of fox hunting and all exciting
sports.
Maecagni, the composer, was recently asked
what European city he would prefer to live in
and gave as his answer: "From 9 to 11, Lon
don; from 11 to 5, Paris: from 5 to 7, Buda
pest; after 10, Berlin."
In the eighteen years of LeoXill's reign the
mortality among the members of the Sacred
College has been remarkable. One hundred
and eleven Cardinals have died in that lime,
though only 120 d!ed in the thirty-two years
of the pontificate Ot Pius IX.
Louis Spitsel, who lives in Shanghai, will
meet Li Hung Chang in Paris and will return
with him to this country, where he will act as
a friendly interpreter. Mr. Spitzel has spent
most oi his life in China. He is manager of
the Thomas Iron Works in China.
LADY'S WAIST WITH DRAPED VEST
A stylish waist with a graceful draping
which forms a blouße front is made with a
fitted lining. The back has a ripple skirt por
tioa front the under-arm seams. A gown of
blue and white Bilk had the draped front and
stock collar of white Liberty silk.
Brown crepon with drapery cuffs and collar
of silk batiste in flax color was charming.
Green canvas over a pple blue silk lining
had the draped front of blue and green chiffon.
A gray canvas with white chiffon was ex
quisitely dainty.
The skirt is cut with a circular front and two
gores In the back which are laid in box pleats
at the top.
A medium size requires 7% yards of 21-inch
goods.
For the waist one yard ot any width goods is
needed for the draped vest, with 4> 2 yards of
31-inch goods for the waist.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
A UNIQUE COLONY.
Where Individuals as Wkll as Property Be
long to the Government.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—Sin:
In your issue of to-day I notice in Answers to
Correspondents a reference to the "Unique
Colony," in which it is said little is known re
garding it. I can give you the following facts
regarding the unique organization:
The Buenos Amigos Colony was founded in
1853 by a wealthy Peruvian named Don Jose
Rodriguez. It is located about 100 miles in
land from the northern coast ot Peru. The
orignal settlers numbered seventy-five and the
Peruvian Government granted the settlers
absolute sovereignty over the small domain,
allowing them to make such laws for self
government as they should desire.
The colony is founded upon broad socialistic
principles. Not only does all property belong
to the government, but the individual also is
a government chattel. The colony now num
bers something over 1000 population and is
growing gradually. Auy one except a negro
or an Indian can Decome a member by making
application and being elected by "Congress."
A membership fee of ¥500 in American coin is
charged. This fee is charged because a person
who has accumulated that much money is sup
posed to be steady and industrious, and they
will tolerate no drones. About two-thirds of
the members are Peruvians, Chileans and
Brazilians, the remainder being Germans,
Englishmen and a few Americans.
Tnecolony isdividedlnto departments. these
into divisions, and the latter into suctions.
There are four departments— labor, educa
tion, commerce and health — each being pre
sided over by a minister. The four ministers
comprise the tribune, which, collectively, con
trols finances and administers justice.
Th« department of labor is divided into "di
visions" of agriculture, building, stockraisinic
manufacturing, export and import and im
provements; the department oi education is
divided into schools, music and arts; the de
partment of commerce into imports, exports
and distribution, and the department of health
Into housekeeping, hospitals and care of
minors. Each division is presided oter by a
superintendent, and the divisions are com
posed of sections, these being directed by a
Chief.
As the individual is held to be the property
of the government the department of health
takes charge of the^chlld when it ant comes
into the world and cares for it. The mother
and child are both taken in hand, first by the
hospital and then by the nursery. As the child
grows it is turned over to teachers for an edu
cation, and soon until it becomes an adult,
when it does its.share of labor with the others.
Every person over the age of 20 is expected
to devote four hours per day to laboi r un ess
prevented by sickness or physical disability.
Eight hours is considered a day's o ' l '^ l
one-half is considered compulsory. Any able
bodied person who does not average half a
day's work per week is compelled to work out
thl remainder of the week Saturday and
Sunday under a guard armed with a black
snake Wages are paid for this enforced labor
the same a! if it ha*d been performed volunt*
ri The financial system is simple "Labor is
money" is the principle upon which tnerolony
"o?IInl"ed. and so also with their currency,
the being me unit upon whjJJ labor
for all kinds of labor is equivalent
to 30 cents ocr hour in American coin.
Thirty cents is therefor called an ••hour."
circu?at n X medium consists of check, or
tickets. aDd is divided into six different kinds.
alent to half a cent, the "hour' I to 30 cents, the
••month" to $52 So.and the "year t°3H*3?™;
These checksare all ol the ""fdseandare
made of pasteboard, one inch wldo , ft . n ?.,J^? r ln ,
length, with the words '•minutes, hour
etc., stamped into it in relief. Each denomin
ation has a different color. Their monetary
table as taught in their schools reads.
Sixty minutes make one hour.
Eight hours one day.
Five day 8 one week". . .
Four and two-fifth weeks make one month. .
Twelve months make one year. .
All produce, such as grain, wool and ores,
is handled by the department of export and
import, and all products of the colony find a
ready sale in the Lima market. Everything
purchased for the settlement, such as the
articles which cannot bo raised or manufac
tured at home, is purchased by this same de
partment. All members of the colony procure
their necessaries from the government ware
house at cost price. Dwellings, barns and all
other buildings are erected and owned by the
government, us well as the ■ household furni
ture. All dwellings are furnished exactly
alike by the government, but there is nothing
to prevent people from purchasing additional
furniture, if they wish to do so.
There Is always something to do. If the har
vest ts all in and the planting not ready to be
gin, the people are put to work upon repairs or
improvements. They have magnificent street*
and roads, bridges and turnpikes. Their as*
sembly hall is built entirely of stone and mar
ble, which they have themselves quarried and
dressed. A reservoir built of stone lies upon a
hillside and supplies the settlement with wa
ter, and they are now completing a large canal
from the Cototo River, to provide water for irri
gation. Rains are abundant, however, and the
canal was built to prevent possible loss by
drought.
Their marriage customs are'Tery peculiar.
They have no marriage laws whatever, and no
wedding ceremony. A man and woman may
agree to keep house together, and their agree
ment lasts as long as it is satisfactory to both.
If either one desires to terminate the partner
ship ne (or she) simply packs up his things and
moves out, when each may choose another
companion. The divorce is accomplished by a
single act of the will. Strange to relate, how
ever, separations are very rare. The ease ot
divorce seetn3 to make each party careful to
extend a full measure of courtesy and helpful
ness to the other. «
No religious test is required of members of
the colony, and discussion on religion and
politics is prohibited under heavy penalties.
The members, however, are well educated and
fully versed in topics of the day. They use
the Spanish language generally, though on«
may speak any tongue he desires. .
When a member becomes weary of colony
life and desires to return to the outer world,
he makes application to the tribune, which
grants him a permit to leave and exchanges
his labor checks for Peruvian gold coin at the
rate of 30 cents an hour. If he has been a
member of the colony for three years or more
he is a "stock member," and the tribune pay*
him his percentage of the earnings of the
colony during that time. _■ '
The people are happy and contented. They
live an easy life, are exempt from military
duty and taxes, and. thanks to their laws,
which supply and enforce labor, there are no
such things as poverty and want.
Amos J. Johnson, 540 Hayes street.
June 24, 1896.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend'a.*
— , — + < 1.... . ..
Every tint and color of French tissue, lamp
shades and cut flower*. Lessons given.' San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
» ♦ — •
"Manzanita Hall, preparatory school for
boys, Palo Alto, CaL Send for catalogue."' *
m « •
First Goat— Why, Nanette, what's the
matter? . -. . ; -■. : • -
Second Goat— Appendicitis, William.
First Goat— Stove pipe?
Second Goat— No; art posters.— New York
Press.
— • — — « .
The 'Crown," "Swan" and all other foun
tain pens, and by far the largest assortment in
the City of lead pencils, pens and penholders,
inkstands, blame and memorandum books,
typewriter papers, etc. Popular prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
. — « — . ■ ■ • ;
Special Information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
N. P. C. K. K.
Via Sausalito ferry runs through a country un»
surpassed for camping or a day's outing;
rough (mountains, green hills seamed with
wooded canyons and rippling streams abound.*
• — * m
Old Dutch, Japanese gray, old English, an
tique ana genuine oaks, mat gilts, green and
fold and combination of white, cream and
(told are the proper things in picture frames.
We have all these colors in all the new shapes
at popular prices. Sanborn, Vail it Co., 741
Market street. •_ - -'-.-* v^;*f •
• » »
Spratts— Miss Elder is much older than I
thought.
Hunker— lmpossible.
* Spratts— I asked her if she had read
"Esop's Fables" and she said she read them
when they nrst came out.— London Tit Bit*. ■
j . » 0■ ,' —■ ■
The best 25c boxes of paper and envelopes
ever made are the Hurlbut's "Superfine,"
•'Venetian Bond," "Devonshire," "Inverness,"
"Royal Parchment" and "Real Irish linen."
Boxes of other papers are 10c, 15c and 20c
each. Visiting cards, wedding invitations and
announcements a- specialty. . Stationery de
partment Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
. — « — .
Mistress— Sarah, I want you to be very
careful about breaking this vase. It cost a
great deal of money, and I would hate to have
it carelessly broken the first thing.
Sarah, three days later— There's your vase,
ma'am, and I couldn't have broken it more
carefully if I'd tried for a month.—
Free Press. ' .
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. v.
Special rate for the round trip to Chicago f 72.00.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations low on sale at Union
Pacific office. 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
_ — *+.., ♦ ' ♦ ... . —
Excursions to Grand Canyon or. th©
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal ' expense Is afforded
through the excursions to leave Ban Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & ton, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under I'alace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific Kuilroad. H. C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 01 Chronicle building, S. F.
<■ ■■;■ • ■» ■ « ■ -
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Jduca tonal Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. Kor particulars inquire of
T. K. atateler, Uen. Agt., 888 Market st., 8. F.
• — -• — •
"Mrs. AVinsloWs Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over SO years by millions of mocbdM
for their children whue Teething with perfect su>
cess. ' It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For gala by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and asx
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. * 260 '» bottla.
• — «■ — • -
Cobokado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists comm
on further Dor.h. Hound-trip ticket*, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel .lit,
Coronado, $00: longer ay 92 50 per day, Apply
4 .New .toomgoniery st.. SanFra-icisco.
When yon feel 'as cross as a cat," a dose ol
Aye Fills will make you as good-natured as a
I kitten, fry them tor biliousness. • -■. ■:■ -.«. ■_ j .
FRIDAY -JUNE 26, 1596
AMUSEMENTS.
Baivd-xin Thkatkr.— "The Squire of Dames."
California Theater. -"The Grey Marc."
(cu'sibia Tbkater— "Lord Chumley."
Morosco's Opeka-Hodsk— -a Perilous Voy-
age."
l ivon OPKRA-HotJSK.— "A Trip to the Moon.-
furniTM- High-Class Vaudeville.
I'ark Thkatkr- Grove street, between Polfc
and Van Ness avenue— "Cruiskeen Lawn."
BuTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
shoot the Chutks— Dally at Haight street,
one block east of the Park.
Inolkside Track— Trotting Races, commenc-
ing Saturday, June 27.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. Levt <ft Co — This day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Chas. Eastmax— This day (Friday), Jap-
anese High-Art Goods, at 419 Kearny street, at
10:30 a. M. and 2 p. if.
By A. L. Cbkmwkli- This day (Friday),
Furniture, at 647 Mission street, at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. BfTTKRrrKi,r» — This day
(Fridayi. Restaurant, at 410 Fourth street, at
11 o'clock.
Assignee Sale — Rockaways, Buggies, etc., at
1128 Mission street.
By K<stun d- Ki.dridgk— Saturday, Jnne 27.
Real Estate, at Murphy Station, at 1 o"'clock.
By Kastom <fc Eldbidok— Tuesday, June 30,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street at
I'J o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Generally fair, with partly cloudy and foggy
morning and night, is expected to-day.
Judge Slack yesterday appointed Flora M.
Cohn administratrix of the estate of Marcus
Cohn.
The ratification-meeting of Woman Suffra
gists will be held in Metropolitan Temple to
night.
The Columbia School of Dramatic Art pro
duced anew play by William Greer Harrison
yesterday.
William Edwards has applied for letters of
administration on the $2000 estate 61 Robert
M. Edwards.
The removal of the debris of the wrecked
house and the search for dead bodies will be
begun this morning.
Albert Dallemand yestenday applied for let
ters of administration on the estate of his
wife, Elsie Dallemand.
Ex-Director Tnornton occupied the stand for
some time yesterday afternoon in the People's
Home Savings Bank trial.
Alfred Herman has applied for letters of ad
min istration on the estate of John J. Bat
teate, worth about $1000.
Joseph Brady, an old man without a home,
attempted to commit suicide by jumping into
the bay yesterday afternoon.
Secretary Freud, in a communication to The
Call, corrects some erroneous impressions of
the Woman's Liberal League.
W. A. Kirkwood has sued Moise Cerf for
$3000 due on a promissory note on an as
signed claim of A. Sander>on.
Assessor Siebe states that the assessment
roll for the year will show a considerable in
crease over last year's valuation.
A biennial National convention of the Tur
ner Union, a patriotic German-American soci
ety, will be held in this city in June, 1898.
Elizabeth L. May a:id Emily C. Stanley have
ftfckocl to be named as executrices of the estate
of Lydia W. Goodwin, who died June 15. 1896.
Tom Yee, alias American Jim, an o'.d Chinese
burgiar, was sent to the County Jail ior six
months yesterday for keeping an opiumresort.
The Street Committee of Supervisors yester
day recommended that Golden Gate boulevard,
east oi Van Ness avenue, should be opened to
traffic.
Work on the conversion of the Fourth-street
horsecar line into an electric-road will begin
on Monday and be concluded in about a
month.
At the request of the 'Board of Health &
special meeting was held witn the committee
on public affairs of the Merchants' Association
yesterday.
Joseph LaFleur, 627 Stevenson street, was
handling timber at the foot of Sixth street yes
terday afternoon and a log struck his right leg, !
breakine it.
The Oaliiornia Society of the Sons of the j
Revolution yesterday declared their intention j
to accept the invitation to join the Fourth of :
July parade,
H. Y. Spyke, the traveler from Holland who :
had never heard of Corbett, fell asleep and i
missed the tight and is now more eager than
ever to see a "go."
Next Tuesday the Treasurer of San Francisco
Will receive bids ror surrender of Dunont-street
widening bonds. The sum of $375,000 is
available for redemption.
Several important amendments have been
adopted by the rules committee of the Board
of Education concerning teachers, janitors and
patriotic school observances.
The North End and Kearny-street Improve
ment Association held a meeting last evening
and ratified the awarding of the plans for the
new municipal building to be erected on the
site of the old City Hall.
E. J. Baldwin, defendant in the $75,000 suit
brought by Miss Lillian Ashley, was yesterday
partially cross-examined by Attorney Critten
den for the defendant. Baldwin acknowledged
that he had endeavored tcfestablish illicit re
lations with the plaintiff, but claimed he had
been unsucccessiui.
A Crossing at the Cafe Zinkand.
Among the improvements that are con
templated upon Market street are the lay
ing of a bituminous pavement or crossine
in front of the Spreckels building, where
the Cafe Zinkand is located, also the plac
ing along the curb in front of the building
of a number of arc lights that will serve to
illuminate the street in this locality in a
brilliant manner. These improvements
have long been planned by the owners of
the building and work upon them will
be inaugurated shortly. Mr. Zinkand feels
very much elated over these prospective
improvements and says it will add materi
ally to the attractiveness of that portion
of Market street.
Divorce Doings.
Judge Slack yesterday granted a divorce to
Hulda Isham from W. Isham, on the ground
of extreme cruelty.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce to Kate
Smith from Sidney A. Smith, on the ground of
extreme cruelty.
A Neif < hureh.
St. Paul's Church has applied to the Superior
Court for permission to mortgage the property
at the cor.ier of California and Steiner streets
for $5000, the money to be applied to the
building of a new church edifice upon that
property. _
F.abbi Linczer to Lecture.
Rev. Dr. M.Linczerof the Congregation Beth
Menachim Streisand will deliver a sermon on
Saturday morning at the synagogue of which
be has just been elected rubbi, on the subject,
"Beginning of Liberty."
For Life Insurance.
Caroline Jacobs has sued the Home Benefit
Life Association for $5000, alleged to be dut
?n a policy on the life of Benjamin F. Jacobs
ivhn <lied February 17, 1893.
NEW TO-DAY.
everTkind
humor
FROM
PIMPLES
- . :. - : " :T ° : "
SCROFULA
SDeedily cured by Cttticttra resoltest,
JSSt% hun,or cures, assisted externally.
bY warm baths with Ccticcba SOAP, and
ZZe applications of Cuticura (ointment,,
rbTgreat skin cure, when all else fans.
A "^" Jfow to Can Every Humor," miiiti free-
CHASING THE
OTTER-HUNTERS.
The Revenue Cutter Rush
After the Herman and
Webster.
ACCUSED OF POACHING.
Both Vessels Frequently Over
hauled but No Proof of
Guilt Found.
SAILING OF THE ALAMEDA.
Nat Goodwin's Comedy Company Drew
a Big Crowd to Folsom-Street
Wharf.
The otter-hunting schooners Herman
and Edward E. Webster, according to
latest accounts, are having lively times of
it in Bering Sea with the revenue cutter
Rush. They have been chased time and
again and on several occasions they suc
ceeded in getting away, thus saving an
overhauling. When they did heave to in
response to guns fired from the revenue
cutter it was alwas found that the schoon
er's papers were all right and that there .
was nothing contraband aboard.
The revenue officials are keeping a bright
lookout on both schooners and if they are
caught an example will be made of the
owners and crew.
According to reports both the Herman
and Webster have done remarkably well.
They have secured quite a number of otter
skins, but every time they have been over
hauled in forbidden territory there has not
been a skin found on either. The revenue
officials think the skins have been cached
and also assert that the crew of the two
schooners are trading with smuggled
liquor.
Whether any of these charges are true
remains to be seen, but the fact is that the
Rush is constantly on che lookout for
boft- schooners, and a race between the
three is almost always on the tapis. With
a strong fair wind the schooners have a
good chance of holding their own. The bet
ting on the water front is that both vessels
will be seized before the season is out.
A. P. Lorentzen, the agent of the two
schooners, is indignant over the idea of
any one thinking his schooners are poach
ing. He insists that they are out on a
legitimate otter-hunting cruise, and that
no such thing as "liquor" ever entered
into any of the captains' transactions.
That the vessels have been overhauled
and nothing found wrong In either their
manifest or cargo is strong presumption
that there is nothing wrong, but then
otter skins are worth nearly $300 apiece,
and the Rush is constantly on the track of
both schooners.
Quite a number of people were down to
see the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda off for South Sea Island ports
yesterday. She was loaded to her full
carrying capacity and had, for this time
of the year, an unusually large number of
passengers. Among them was Nat Good- j
win and his comedy company. Blanche
Walsh, who was said to have withdrawn,
was among the number, and, with her
mother, was prominent on the forward
deck as the steamer moved away from the
dock. As the Alameda got under way the
tug Vigilant was also brouuht into requisi
tion. She had been chartered by -the
theatrical people and accompanied the
oig steamer to the heads. As the two
steamers passed Fort Point Mr. Goodwin,
in pantomime, made a vain attempt to get
the captain on the Alameda to stop the
ship, and, with one hand on his throat
and the other pointed to the Cliff Hous«,
attempted to make the crowd on the tug
understand that he wanted them to take a
farewell drink.
Among those on the Vigilant were Mel
ville Marks and Miss .Gertrude Elliott of
the Columbia Theater, George Lask of the
Tivoli. M. Clarlc of the Frawiey Company,
HugoToland, "Charley" Morel, T. Daniel
Frawiey and others. The Goodwin com
pany will be gone about five months and
during its stay will produce "A Gilded
Fool," "The Prisoner of Zenda" and "In
Mizzoura."
Among the other passengers who sailed
[ on the steamer were Mrs. Charles M.
Shortridge and her daughter, who are
bound for Hawaii on a vacation. Some
years aeo Mrs. Shortridge visited the Par
! adise of the Pacific with her husband and
the trip was such a thoroughly enjoyable
one that she has determined to revisit the
| country. Colonel J. H. Soper and P.
I Soper also sailed for Honolulu and United
States Consul-General W. Churchill and
wife went to Apia, Samoa.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
| session yesterday, but outside of passing
j the weekly bills no business or import
i ance was done. Commissioner Cole is ex
pected back from St. Louis next week, and
then many matters that have been in abey
ance will be taken up.
The Port. Townsend Branch Hydro
uraphic Office reports the following:
New rock off Discovery Island. — Captain J. T.
Walbran of the Dominion Government steamer
Quadra has examined and fixed the position
by sextant angles of an uncharted rock off the
south side of Discovery Island. The rock lies
between the fifth and tenth fathom line on
British admiralty chart 977, outside of all
dangers marked on the chart, and bears from
Sea Bird Point south by west % west, westerly
(magnetic), south 43 deg. west itrue), distance
I 4% cables. The rock is marked by kelp and
| has a depth on it at low water of 1J 2 ' fathoms.
There is deep water, 9 fathoms, close south
ward of the rock, and on the east and west
sides of it 8 and 9 fathoms respectively, but
j shoal; ground to the northward, there being
depths in that direction of 4, 2}^ and 5%
! fathoms as far as the tilth- fathom line.
The schoolchildren of Tiburon are to
have a good time to-day. Ex-Judge Hay-
I den and others have provided an outing
for them at El Campo and launches will
convey them to the popular grounds. The
! 9 a. M. boat from this side will bring over
: all visitors, and, as Judge Hayden is at the
i head of the affair, an enjoyable time may
be expected.
The gasoline launch Minerva that came
down from Seattle on the Umatilla was
fitted out at Folsom-street wharf yester
day. She is a very handsome craft, but is
too deep by the stern to ever make much
speed. The Minerva was built by the peo
ple who built Fair's yacht, the Lucero.
Y. H. C. A. Excursion.
The eleventh annual excursion under the
auspices of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation to Hotel del Monte, Monterey and Pa
cific Grove/will leave San Francisco Friday
morning, July 3, Third and Townsend streets
station at 7 o'clock, Valencia-street station at
7:10. Special train will also return the same
day, leaving Pa cilic Grove at 4:25 for the ac
commodation of those desiring to come buck
Friday; but the tickets will be good for seven
days, up to and including July 9, which will
give all excursionists the opportunity of wit
nessing the grand celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the raising of the first Ameri
can flag recognized in California, which will
take place at Monterey during these days.
Suit Against a Kank.
Susie ana Henry Mayer have sued the Mutual
Savings Bank of San Francisco for $3200. It
seems that the Mayers executed a promissory
note for that amount, and also a mortgage on
(some real estate, to secure payment for the
note and delivered the paoers to the bank on
June 23. The money was to have been paid
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
The United States Revenue Cutter Rush Chasing the Otter-Hunting Schooners Herman and Webster
in Bering Sea. Both Vessels Have Been Frequently Overhauled by the Vessels of the
Patrol, but No Trace of Guilt Has Ever Been Found on Them.
[Drawn from a sketch furnished by a sealing captain.]
on June 24, but so far it has been withheld.
The suit, is to compel the bank to advance the
money.
SUIT TO FORECLOSE.
The Central Trust Company Seeks to
Gain Control of the Nevada
Railroad.
The Central Trust Company of New
York began suit Wed nesday in the United
States Circuit Court against the California
and Nevada Railroad Company for fore
closure of a mortgage held by them and
the appointment of a receiver. C. K.
King, recently appointed receiver as the
result of the suit of Charles H. Smith to
have certain bonds declared illegal, is also
made a party to the proceedings.
It appears from the complaint that in
1884 the railroad company determined to
borrow $5,000,000 for the purpose of com
pleting the road. An issue of 5000 bonds
of a par value of $1000 each was accord
ingly authorized, the same to be payable
thirty years after date. The trust com
pany agreed to float the bonds, the com
pensation named being $100,000, payable
at the maturity of the bonds, the interest
on the same to be paid annually.
It now seems, however, that the railroad
only issued 545 of the bonds authorized.
To "cover this a mortgage was given the
trust company embracing all the prop
erty owned by the railroad, including the
proposed line from Oakland to Bodie, a
distance of 250 miles. The complaint now
alleges that the defendants in the suit de
faulted in payment of interest in 1885 and
every year thereafter. In consequence of
this the complainants now file a claim of
$376,050 interest due on bonds, and in ad
dition to this prays for a foreclosure of the
mortgage, the appointment of a receiver
and an injunction against the receiver ap
pointed under the Smith suit, riled May 28.
HEALTH MEASURES AFAR,
Congress Asked to Defeat a
Senate Bill Relating to
Vivisection.
Milk Inspector Dockery Wants the
M;lk Permit of P. McDonough
Revoked.
The Board of Health took an important j
step at its meeting Wednesday when it
passed a resolution requesting the Cali
fornia representatives in Congress to op
pose the passage of Senate bill No. 1552,
which is now pending.
This measure prohibits the use of live
animals for experiments and was intro
duced at the instance of the National So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals, which is opposed to vivisection for
any purpose whatever. The resolution
was introduced on a request from the Bu
reau of Agriculture at Washington, which
desires to use live animals while pursuing
its investigations into the causes ot many
diseases of a dangerous character.
The board decided to send the following
communication to the Boards of Health
of the various counties of the State:
Dear Sir»: The Board of Health of the City
and County of San Francisco, desiring to co
operate with the Boards of Health of the va
rious counties of this State in the extirpation
of contagious diseases, and principally tuber
culosis or consumption in cattle, desires to
call attention to the general prevalence of that
disease in dairy herds throughout this State,
nii'l to the absolute necessity of combined
elforta for its eradication.
It neodsno suggestion by us, that it is to the
interest of owners of dairy herds to free such
herds from animals afflicted with contagious
diseases as the entire herd must soon become
infected, and within a short time thus De lost
to their owners.
The Board of Health of this City and County,
following the wise example set by the United
States Government, has begun the inspection
of dairy herds in this City and County by the
United States tuberculin tests, in conjunction
with the Boards of Health of Santa Clara and
Alameda counties, and will continue such in
spection until every animal in these counties
has been inspected with the United States
tuberculin tests and thus proven to be free
from consumption.
We desire to call your attention to the fur
ther fact that the milk ordinance of this City,
recently passed, grants to this board the
power to inspect all dairy herds furnishing
milk to this City and to quarantine against
milk from cows not thus inspected, and we
hereby respectfully notify you that on and
after October 1, 1896, we shall quarantine
against all dairy cows and the mils from dairy
cows thßt have not been inspected by the
United States tuberculin test, according to
the rules and regulations of the United States
Agricultural Department, Bureau of Animal
Industry.
A complaint from residents of the dis
trict about the intersection of Sausome
street and Broadway that a chemical fac
tory there is creating a nuisance was re
ferred to Health Officer Lovelace for in
vestigation
The board, by a unanimous vote, con
demned the sewer on California street,
which terminates at Walnut street without
an outlet, and also the one on Walnut
street terminating at California street in
the same manner. It was decided to ask
the Board of Supervisors to remedy the
matter by having the sewers joined to an
outlet into the sewer on Central avenue.
Milk Inspector Dockery sent in a com
munication recommending that the milk
permit of P. McDonough, a rancher on
the San Bruno road, be canceled because
of his habit of permitting his cows to feed
in the morass near his place. It was de
cided to give McDonough a chance to de
fend himself at the next meeting of the
board.
The Great Kush Increasing.
The silk department at the big dry goods sale
(by order of the creditors, at 45c on the dollar
of the if ßs 000 stock of James M. Moran & Co.,
1009-1015 Market street), was the center of
attraction yesterday, and from the smiling
faces of the ladies who were fortunate enough
to approach the counters and get waited on,
one could safely surmise that the bargains
were immense. There was no getting near the
underwear counters in the afternoon, as the
jam was terrific. The big cut in prices has
captured the town. •
IT IS BEAUTIFUL
BUT LONESOME,
Golden Gate Boulevard
East of Van Ness
Avenue.
SIGHING FOR TRAFFIC.
Property-Owners Go Before the
Supervisors' Street Com
mittee. .
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Sup rvisors Recommend a Change in
the Order of Traffic Exclusion
From the Avenue.
A boulevard may be a thing of beauty
and a joy forever to the disciple of driv
ing pleasure, but a boulevard from which
all wheeled vehicles excepting those for
recreation and pleasure are excluded is
not the kind of a thoroughfare that the
dwellers in the eartern division of Goiden
Gate avenue are clamoring for.
The property-owners and the venders of ;
merchandise enjoy the smoothly paved ]
street. The sight of carriages rolling by j
to the park and ocean is enchanting from
the purely esthetic point of view, but the
gorgeous procession brings no trade. \
When a vehicle with a trader aboard
comes in sight the police turn it aside
and the merchant languishes. The result
of this exclusion is the alleged deprecia
tion of property values on Golden Gate
avenue, from Market to Polk streets.
Rents have declined likewise, and owners
of property find it extremely difficult to
keep tenants on their premises, even
with offers of greatly reduced rents.
Perceiving that something should be
aone to restore the lost trade and enhance I
declining values in real estate, property
owners petitioned the Board of Super- I
visors to amend the boulevard order (No. j
NEW TO-DAT.
Your Money Back
0
if you don't like Schilling Best tea. That
is our plain out-and-out guarantee : no ifs
or ands or buts about it.
We say that we have the only tea-
roasting machinery and that our tea is
fresh and the best-tasting tea on the coast
— others may claim the same.
We say that all other Japan teas are
colored. And yet you have been drink-
ing these teas for years and years and
like them pretty well.
What we say may be so or may not
be so. You don't know; and yet you
have got to decide which tea you are go-
ing to drink — you are judge and jury.
We have got to prove our case, and
shall do it with our advertisements ; and
yet, after all, our best proof is the tea.
So we make it easy and safe for you to
buy the tea by Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best." -
Now we are through with big type.
You will find us right here every day, in
exactly this part of the paper, but in
smaller type and without display.
San Francisco M A Schilling & Company
2957) so that Golden Gate avenue east of
Van Ness avenue should be excepted from
boulevard regulations.
One of the petitions was signed by the
owners of one-half the property affected.
The names of a large proportion of the re
maining property-owners were embraced
in other petitions. The interested real es
tate owners were largely represented at
the street committee meeting of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday forenoon. Su- j
pervisors Hughes, Benjamin, Morgan
stern and Dunker listened to what was
said.
It was taken into account at the session
that the Merchants' Association bad a high
regard for boulevard attractions, holding
that certain thoroughfares should be re
served and improved for purposes of pleas
ure, travel and recreation. Thomas Mat, r ee,
Captain Taylor, ex-Supervisor Farns
worth and Theodore Knight repre
sented that the merchants on Golden j
Gate avenue stood as high in the
community and were quite as loyal to San
Francisco as the citizens belonging to the
Merchants' Association. Relerence was
made to the depreciation of property
values caused by the exclusion of other
than pastime travel, and the argument i
was strenuously advocated that the ex
clusion of trade wagons west of Van Ness
avenue ought to be sufficient to satisfy the
most ardent adherent of boulevard pro
prieties.
The commercial expansion of the City |
was such that Golden Gate avenue was on j
tne line of development, and no good rea- j
son existed for denying the owners of !
property on that thoroughfare the benefits
of such advancement.
The Supervisors listened respectfully to
all that was said by the delegates from the
avenue, and then they considered a peti
tion from the directors of the Merchants'
Association. This petition, of date June
20, asked that the directors should have a
hearing before the committee recom
mended any amendment to the existing
order.
It was put on record that the Street Com
mittee was always willing to hear the Mer
chants' Association on all pubJi; matters,
but it was deckled, nevertheless, to recom
mend that Goiden Gate boulevard, from
Van Ness avenue east, be opened to traffic.
The question will come up for final adjust- j
ment when the Supervisors in regular ses- ;
sion *hail taKe up the report of the Street j
Committee. Meanwhile Magee, Knight, j
Farnsworth and Taylor ma}' gather their \
forces for the fight in the board, and the j
boulevard advocates may rally to main- j
tain what has been scoured.
The Street Committee also recommended
the full acceptance of following streets:
Fell, from Clayton to Cole.
Fell, from Cole to Shrader.
Fell, from Shrader to Stanyan.
Laurel, from Sacramento to California.
Webster, from Oak to Page.
Intersection of Fell and Cole; intersec
tion of Fell and Shrader.
Lodging;- Hou*e Case.
John.ii Martens has sued Nellie Hooker-With-
ers, proprietress of a lodging-house at Ellis i
and Poweli streets, for non-fulfillment of a
contract transferring the leasehold of the place
mentioned. Ho asks for $5000 damages and
judgment for $790. alleged to be due him.
THE GERMANS
ARE PLEASED,
Their Coming Biennial Na
tional Convention the
Cause.
IT WILL BE HELD HERE.
Visiting Delegates Expf cted From
All States in the
Union.
THE TEST OF CITIZENSHIP.
A Strong and Progressive Union
of Patriotic German.
Americans.
Though it is two years in the future a
thrill of pleasurable excitement is al
ready felt among the German residents of
San Francisco over the eighteenth annual
convention of the Turner Union societies
of the United States, which will begin
| herein June, 1898. The "bund" or union is
| now in session at Louisville, Ky. , and the
j selection of this City for its next conven
| tion is due in a great measure to the ac
i tivity of Albert Culm, a prominent jour
nalist of San Jose. This will be the first
National convention of the union ever held
on the Pacific Coast and it is a significant
event to all loyal German-Americans.
The Turners' Union aims at physical
and mental culture and takes an intelli
gent interest in all of the social, political
and economical a uestions of the day. It
is represented in nearly all of the larger
I cities and towns of the United States, and
I has upon its roll 3 the names of some
50,000 members.
The societies number upward of 300.
Americans as well as Germans are
eligible to membership, but every
foreigner must become a citizen of the
United States. The union was organized
! some thirty-five years ago, and its history
has ever since been marked by cuiture and
prosperity,
It is expected that the visiting delegates
alone will be not fewer than 500, exclusive
|of their wives and friends, which will
I make at least a thousand. Like other or
! ganizations of its class, the purpose of the
| convention will be to frame general laws,
j etc., for the thirty odd districts within its
jurisdiction. There will also be the usual
election, speeches and banquets and a jolly
good time is confidently anticipated.
The oldest Turner Union organization
on the Pacific Coast is the San Francisco
Turn Verein. It has been in existence
since 1852 and is pleasantly located at 323
Turk street, where it has a fine gymna
sium, library, reading-room, etc.
The following is the list of its present
officers:
President, G. A, Trost; vice-president,
Henry Dunck; recording secretary, Louis
Brune; corresponding secretary, Hermann
bteklin ; treasurer, Henry Planz; financial
secretary, Henry Stieber; first leader,
Albert Furth ; second leader, Hermann
i Alpen; first librarian, Charles Schullkoff;
'second librarian, Adolf Bergman; ser
j geant-at-arms, B. Baumstark; trustees —
I Louis Marcus, Louis Schneider, Theodore
! Planz, William Plageman and G. A. Trost:
instructor, Professor Robert Barth ; presi-
I dent of the singing section, John Siramen.
The other societies of this City are the
Mission Turn Verein on Eighteenth street,
the Forward Turn Verein on O'Farrell
street and the Verein Eintracht on Twelfth
street. They comprise a total member
ship of about 1000, and the twelve socie
ties scattered throughout the cities ana
towns of - California have at least 3000
more. These figures added to the list of
visiting delegates and friends will give a
total of upward of 5000 persons who may
be expected to assemble in San Francisco
in June, 1898.
Sorry Now He Did It.
M. Moran, who lives at Twelfth and M
streets, attempted to stop a runaway team at
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
ÜBt>. hjisiaiisa Kbklixg, Proprietor &.Uano£<u
■ -A-' TI=t.IXT3Vri»ECS — -
EVERY EVENING THE
BRILLIANT SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of the Operatic Spectacle,
"A TRIP TO THE MOON"
FILLED WITH •
HONEST FUN! —LOVELY SONGS!
GRACEFUL DANCES ! *
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!
Gorgeous Ballets! Startling Effects:
A Pleasure Trip for Young and Old. '
PoDular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between rolk and Van Ness Avenne.
.WM. B. JOHNS Lessee and Manager.
JOE G. CHARTERS ;. Assistant Manager
A MOST GRATIFYING SUCCK>S!
HOUSKS CKOWDKD NIGHTLY
Every evening during this week
AND SA URDAY MATINEE.
America's Hepresentative Irish Comedian,
U-A.2XT MoCARTHT 1
Supported by MISS LOU RIPLKY and the PARK
THEATER STOCK COMPANY, In
"THE CRUISKEEN LAWN!"
POPULAR PRlCES— Evening, Reserved Seats,
15c and 25c: Gallery, 10c. Matinee, Adults 15c,
Children 10c.
MONDAY, JUNE 29— Dan McCarthy in "The
Rambler From Clare." . :
. ' O'FBrreH Street, Between Stockton and Powe'J.
Week Commencing Monday, Juno 23.
6 NEW BRILLIANT STARS- —
BILLY VAN, LILLIAN WESTERN, .STEWART
SISTEKS, BIMBO AND TEHI, MARLO-
DUNHAM FAMILY, and others.
25— GREAT VAUDEVILLE STARS— 2S
, .Reserved Seats, Me; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Heats. s()c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
|fi|il JBatlti
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A.M. TO 11 P. M.
f SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS
Saturday and Sunday Afternoons and . Evenings.
THE FLYING METEORS!
They have performed the entire world over and
*v have no equal.
PROF. E. C. WILBER rides a bicycle on a tight-
rope 50 :eet above the water.
B. B. CORNKLL of the S. F. Swimming Club in
Ills Marvelous Drowning Act.
WATER POLO GAME !
SAT* FRANCISCO VS. " OAKLAND. -
Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, sc.
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
TROTTIXG-HORSE BRED: ASvV.
RACES! .^^ RACES!
X2NT G-Xj3E3 JSX33X3.
June 27, SO; July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present. Races begin at 2 o'clock. , Mission-street
car*. Special train 1 -.15 o'clock. . ,
NEW TO-DAT.
Poor
PilgarlicJ
there is no need for you
to contemplate a wig
when you can enjoy the
pleasure of sitting again
under your own "thatch."
You can begin to get
your hair back as soon
as you begin to use
Ayer's
Hair Vigor.
Third and Kolsom streets yesterday afternoon,
and is sorry now that he did it. He was
knocked down by the team and run over. At
the Receiving Hospital two wounds in hia
scalp and one on his foreheud were stitched
and dressed.
CONSULTATION MEETING.
Board of Health and Merchants' Asso
ciation Discuss Appropriations.
At the request of the Board of Health a
special meeting was held at 3 p, m. yester
day with the committee on public affairs
of the Merchants' Association.
The following members of the committee
of the Merchants' Association were pres
ent: Messrs A. S. Baldwin, M. S K.ohl
berg, Frank A. Swain and James S. Corn
well. The Board of Health was repre
sented by Drs. Morse, Fitzgibbon,
Williamson and Lovelace and Secretary
Godchuux. Attorney J. B. Reinstein ap
peared for the Board of Health aud pre
sented arguments for an increase of appro
priations tor the Health Department in
the tax levy for 1896-97.
Chairman Baldwin stated in reply to the
arguments that the committee would
take them under consideration, and de
cide in the preparation of its report to the
Finance Committee of the Board of Super
visors next month.
• — « — .
Funeral of Moses Waterman.
The funeral of the late Moses Waterman tools
place yesterday morning from* the family resi
dence on Laguna and Turk streets under the
auspices of the Congregation Ohabai Shalome,
! of which Mr. Waterman was a lifelong raem
| ber and its faithful secretary for thirty years.
j Rev. Dr. Julius Fryer spoke feelingly und elo
quently of the noble deeds and upright life of
I tne deceased. Mr. Waterman leaves a widow,
three sons and a daughter, Mrs. Stein. He was
a prominent member of the Xodin Lodge,
Knights of Honor, and Odd Fellows. The
floral offerings were many and beautiful.
Alter the services were over the funeral cor
tta»e proceeded to the Townseud-street depot
and took a special train to the Home of Peace
Cemetery, where the interment took place.
The Stanford Estate.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford bas made a report to
Judge Slack of a sale of personal property be
longing to the estate of Senator Lelaud Stan
ford. The property sold consisted of 100
shares of Caliiornia State Bank stock, twenty
eight California Pacific Railroad 6-per-ceut
bonds and four bonds of the City of Paducah,
JCy. The aggregate amount realized was $i25,
--ot>s. Judge Slack approved the sale.
Jammed in an I lo vat or
Charles McKay, 14 years of age, living at
333 Shipley street, went to work yesterday in
an elevator at 18 Sinter street. In the after
noon he was leaving it for a moment when
some one pulled the rope and he was jammed
against the wall. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital. His left side was bruised, but
that was all.
NEW TO-LAY-AMUSEMENTS.
HAYMAN & GO'S THEATERS.
KAT THE T| ON 2 LY
Baldwin nights
_i_T_TJL I MORE
Evening 8:30. Matinee Saturday.
A CHARMING COMEDY
DELIGHTFULLY INTERPRETED.
MR. JOSC3NT 3DH.3E3X717-
And his Americ-an Company— management
Chas. Froh man— presenting
"THE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
By K. C. Carton, author of "Liberty Hall."
NOTE— Monday, June 29, this Theater will
close for the usual summer holiday, and will reopen
Monday, July 27, with the New York Empire
Theater Company. ; v:; : --;. i ,•::
"""■ ""^ "~""| A Superb
kAT THE ,i Production
_CALIFORNIA_^ I . 8 Oo»ed r .
L. R. STOCK WELL'S "THE
Company of Players,
including 7T>r"Ar
MR. I I V H V
HERBERT KELCEY,; . Vil \ 1 -' ■
EFFIE SHANNON' IV\ AI? P "
And o.her favorites. iuni\u.
Seats now I Prices — 150, 25c, 35c. 500
ready and 75c. A srood seat In a choice
for the , I location for 35 and 50 cents. - , ■ in-
coming - week, j Matinee 25 and 50 cents.
Next Monday— An Event!
FIRST TIME HERE OF -
♦•A BUNCH OF 'VIOLETS"
niCOLAnOtR.<iOTTLOD« (?• itsiMAnorwnACWi---
NOTHING I THE
AFFECTS I BUSINESS OF
THE FRAWtEV COMPANY!
*--~« v Their Delightful Performance of
LORD CHUMIiEYI
Is crowding the Theater.
Monday Next— Wire s Father."
. Again a Great Success.
A
gjgy f\ L- JL. f\ PC
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
MR. SHARKEY'S DEBUT.
TOM SHARKEY,
The unbeaten and coming champion of the
world, and DANNY NEEDHA.M, the record-
maker. WILL SPAR FOUR ROUNDS In the
drama, "CROSSROADS OF LIFE." Collier, Amy
Lee Prank Doane. An TJnequaled Production !
Note! Note!— NO INCREASE IN PRICES—
10c. loc. 25c, 35c and 50c. Nohigher. SHARK
and NEEDnAM also at SATURDAY MATINEK
AND NIGHT; AND ON SUNDAY.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
• The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sola LeHsea anU Maoa£»
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
FIRST PRODUCTION HEBE
Of Harry Meredith's Latest Success, . . .
A PERILOUS VOYAGE !
Special Engagement of i he Eminent Leading Man
WILLIAM L. ROBERTS. .
>'.rK3rijr«» Pricju— 2sc ami "Ma.
family Circle and Unllerv. 10c.
(7 final Maiiiioe.* Saturday ana Sum!**. \
THE CHUTES!
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY ' AFTERNOONS
AND EVENINGS. ■
Free Kites to Children Saturday. .
Sunday — Balloon Ascension by i-.sme VIOL \.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 633 M.arket st-, oppo>
tile Palace Hotel. Telephone 570, Kesldeaca Id I J
ft'ellac Telephone; "i'iiw" 259 J.
78
MOW COMES THE
RATIFICATION,
A Great Meeting in Met
ropolitan Temple
To-Night.
SUFFRAGISTS TO GATHER
Ciubs All Over the State
Will Celebrate Simul
taneously.
FINE PROGRAMME PREPARED
Many Prominent People Among the
Vice-presidents— The San Jose
Delegation.
Metropolitan Temple will be the scene
of great enthusiasm to-night at the ratifi
cation meeting of the suffrage plank.
There are enough sympathizers to fill the
buiiding many times over, but it is hoped
that non-sympathizers will also be pres
ent, and that their conversion will be
Bpeedy and sure.
All over the State the various suffrage
clubs will hold similar meetings. Ardent
speeches will be made by men and women
who believe in equal rights for both sexes,
and enthusiastic indorsement of the
6uffrage plank will be given. The amount
of yellow ribbon worn in California to
night will be unprecedented in the history
of the State. Yellow is the suffrage color,
and Miss Shaw and Miss Yates, who
arrived in this City yesterday from Hum
boldt County, report having left a long
track of yeliow behind them wherever
they lectured.
At Perndaie there was such enthusiasm
for suffrage, after hearing the ladies lec
ture, that the storekeepers draped their
houses with the suffrage color, though to
Bhow that they believed its principles to
be in keeping with true Americanism,
they also used the red, white and biue in
the decorations. All over Humboldt
County there was the same enthusiast,
and in* Eureka the only reason the town
did not go en masse to the suffrage meet
ings was that there was not a hall capable
of holding the entire community. As it
was, hundreds of people had to be turned
away.
Miss Shaw reports that she heard noth
ing but praise for The Call's stand on
the suffrage question. Everywhere people
read n with added interest on account of
iib championship of the woman's cause,
and she considers that this is one of the
most hopeful signs for suffragists at the
coming election.
To-night Miss Shaw will "ratify" with
even more than her wonted eloquence, for
the occasion is one tsat she considers a
red-letter day in her life. For the matter
of that all the suffragists look upon it in
the same litrtit and the amount of concen
trated enthusiasm ami eloquence which
will be vented at tbe same time both here
and In the tifty odd suffrage clubs through
out, the State will, it is expectad, be
enough to bring numbers of unbelievers
and scoffers into the suffrage fold.
A number of citizens of San Jose are
coming to the meeting in Metropolitan
Temt>le to-night. Among those from the
Garden City who will take a prominent
part in tlie proceedings as vice-presidents
are E. O. Smitli, H. V. Morehouse, F. L.
Foster. H. H. Maine, Mrs. Knox Good
rich.
The programme is now entirely ar
ranged. Charles M. Shortridge will repre
f-ent the Republican party, Hon. James
Maguire will speak for the Democrats who
)i?.ve leanings toward woman suffrage and
Thomas V. Cator will speak for the Popu
lis-:s. Five-minute speeches will be made
by Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, Miss Mollie Con
ners, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn, Mrs.
Elizabeth U. Yates and Rev. Anna Shaw,
and Susan B. Anthony will preside.
The following ladies and gentlemen will
THE NEW COMBINED HARROW AND ROLfeER.
act as vice-presidents of the meeting: Tay
lor Rogers, A. W. Thompson, A. Wardell,
Mayor Sutro, Carlton Johnson, Joseph
Nouguea, Max Popner, Major Grossbeck,
J. J. Herr, Charles Westley Reed, Colonel
If. M. Estce, Major C. W. Kyle, Theodore
Reichert, A. Elieck, Alexander Badlam,
Dr. W. Goodwin, Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Moore, Judge Murphy and wife, Judge
Cotton and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Lovell
White, Mrs. Fred Head, Mrs. Henrietta
B. Brown, Mrs. H. H. L,uce.
MARRIED MEN VICTORS.
The Parishioners of St. Patrick's
Have Their Annual
Outing.
A Day of Uninterrupted Pleasure Spent
Under the Schuetzen Park
Trees.
The annual reunion of the parishioners
of St. Patrick's Church was observed
"Wednesday by an excursion and picnic at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafaei. These
reunions are held yearly by St. Patrick's
parish in aid of its schools, and they are
always well attended and successful in
every way. But Wednesday's gathering
was the largest ever held under the aus
pices of St. Patrick's, for fully 2000 per
sons boarded the morning boats. The
fare, 60 cents for adults and 25 cents round
trip for children, made the price of a
pleasant midweek outing within reach of
all.
The following were the different com
mittees, the members of which deserve
mention for the excellent manner in
which every detail of the affair was car
., ried oat :
A Committee of arrangements— T. L. Doran,
/ balrman ; James P. Gaffney, secretary; Frank
J. Sullivan. Joseph P. Hayes, J. F. O'Brien,
William T. Flynn, J.M. Kirby, John F. Two
mey, William A. Breslln, J. Loney, E. F. Lacy,
M. Boden, William A. Sullivan, G. J. Bough
erty, J. J. Donegan.
Reception committee— J. J. Donegan, chair
man; T. L. Doran, M, Boden, John Loney, J. P.
Gaffney.
Floor committee— E. F. Lacey, floor manager;
John F. Twomey, assistant; Joseph P.Hayes,
William A. Breslln, James F. O'Brien.
Games committee— William T. Fiynn, chair
man; Frank J. Sullivan, George Dougherty, J.
M. Kirby, William A. Suliivan, M. .Boden.
The whole was under the general super
vision of Father Brannan of St. Patrick's
parish.
For amusement, dancing commenced
irimediately upon the arrival of the trains,
and in the afternoon the athletic games
began. There were forty different con
tests on the programme, from a tug-of-war
to a race open to women over 200 pounds
in weight. There was a prize for every
contest donated by merchants of the City.
In the tug-of-war between the married
and single men the former won, being in
formed by their better-halves who were
present that they might expect domestic
trouble if they were defeated. Thiy en
couraged the benedicts and they pulled
the bachelors all over Marin County.
The race for 200-pound women wa? won
by a fleet-footed matron who had been
paced for a week by her daughter on a
bicycle. The fat men's race was won Dy
Thomas Doran, who got away in good
st3 r le, lead all the way around and came
under the wire In suburban time.
Thirty-eight gate prizes were given to
those whose tickets held lucky numbers.
At 6:30 o'clock in the evening the great
crowd boarded a special train and re
turned to the City, having spent a most
enjoyable day, with not an accident to
mar the pleasure of the outing.
AT THE RUINS.
Search for the Bodies in the Wrecked
House Will Begin This
Morning.
The work of removing the wreckage of
the Brighton House on Fifth street will be
begun this morning. All day yesterday
the workmen were bracing up the Lincoln
House adjoining and strengthening the
foundation of the east wall. It was ex
pected that the removal of the debris
would be commenced yesterday, but Dis
trict Engineer Shaushnessey decided that
he would not allow any risk to be taken,
so he had more timbers put under the
building.
The first portion to be cleared away will
be the corner and side where it is believed
there are the dead bodies of one or two
workmen who were caught in the crash.
None of the officials of the Fire Depart
ment believe that there are any bodies
under the ruins, but many of those who
were at work there just previous to the
crash are certain that one or two will be
found.
Coroner Hawkfns and Engineer Shaugh
nessey have been very busy gathering up
the evidence in the case, so that the blame
may be placed where it belongs. The
Coroner yesterday toDk W. Barnettand A.
C. Lutgens, architects, to the wreck, and
with Mr. Shaughnessey they went to
every part they could reach and carefully
examined the timbers, bracings, etc. These
gentlemen, witn several others in their
line who have gone over the premises,
will be called as witnesses at the inquest.
The inquest on the bodies of the four
victims of the wreck will begin to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock. A large number of
witnesses have been summoned, and the
investigation is likely to consume consid
erable time.
The workmen employed in removing the
debris were kept busy all day yesterday
carting away brick, broken lumber and
dirt, and their operations were watched
by the usual large crowd. A large quan
tity of crockery and furniture was removed
from the restaurant, and strange to say
much was unbroken and in good con
dition.
FARMERS WILL REJOICE.
Now Harrowing and Rolling
May Be Accomplished With
Swift Ease.
An Ingenious Invention by Martin
Gottshall Which Fills a Long-
Felt Asricultural Want.
An Oakland citizen has solved the long
standing problem of how to seed, narrow
and roll ground simultaneously, with the
operator seated comfortably the while.
His machine is light and can be easily
drawn by two horses. Moreover, it will
be put on the market at a rate within the
reach of all.
The notable invention, which, by the
way, is called "The Farmer's Pride," con
sists essentially of a central bar or frame
having an attachment for the team at the
front end, a roller or rollers transversely
journaled at tne rear, and a pair of har
rows having their adjacent edues sus
pended from the intermediate portion of
the bar, with simple mechanism by which
the harrows may be raised or tilted or
dropped at will.
The ordinary seeder can be attached to
the fore part of the harrows, can be
omitted, tne harrows can be used without
the roller or the roller without the har
rows. In fact, the invention represents a
complete cultivating apparatus that will
undoubtedly prove popular.
The operation will be as follows: The
machine having reached the place where
it is to work the harrows are dropped, so
as to rest upon the eroond and the front
end of the machine is adjusted np or down
upon the vertical shaft of the castor wheel
(shown in the cut) to^ give the harrows
the proper angle of draft. When the har
rows are thus drawn over the ground they
will act in the usual manner to pulverize
and break up the soil and clods, and the
rollers following behind will crush any
large unbroken clods and will roll the sur
face down smoothly and even.
The inventor of this ingenious and use
ful combination, which has already been
tested and proved a success, i 9 Martin
Gottshall of Oakland, who, however, has
assigned two-thirds of it to Leopold Kiefer
and Andrew Kruechei of the same place.
George Meyers has the patent rights to
dispose of.
The full weight of the machine, with
operator on board, is barely 1100 pounds,
so that it can readily be drawn by two
horses.
Sullivan Sc Sullivan.
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan and Matt I. Sullivan
have removed their law offices to Parrott b'ld'g
825-855 Market st. Entrance rm. (ilO, 6th floor*
It is estimated that there are 10,000 Chi
nese living in New York and adjacent
places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
REPRESENTATIVES
CONGRATULATED.
Sincere Thanks From the
Chamber of Com
merce.
ALL IS FOR CALIFORNIA
Work for the State in Congress
Approved at a Mass-
Meeting.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL BILL. |
i
It Furnishes the Principal Topic of
Discourse— Other Important
Questions.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon
by the Chamber of Commerce in honor of
the Senators and Representatives of Cali
i fornia who have accomplished much for
j the State with reierenco to the improve
! ment of rivers and harburs in the recent
session of Congress.
Hugh Craig presided over the meeting,
j He introduced to the members President
Sunodo of the Yokohama Specie Bank,
and this gentleman, with the Japanese
Consul, occupied the seats of honor, the
former on the right band and the latter on
the left of the chairman.
In presenting Mr. Sunodo Mr. Craig said
the bans he represented would receive
the entire indemnity which China would
j t ay to the empire of Japan in consequence
lof the recent war. A letter, as follows,
was read from Senator White, who was
unable to attend the meeting:
Los Angelks, June 23, 1896.
Captain W. L. Mirry, Secretary Chamber of
Covimerce: Dear Captain— Yours of the 2Otft
inst., informing me that there has been a
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce called
for 2 o'clock p. m., June 25, has just been- re
ceived. I would be delighted to be present,
but tbe circumstances are such that I cannot
be there. However, this condition of affairs is
rendered immaterial when you consider that
1 am as earnest an advocate of the Nicaragua
canal as any one in the chamber, and will do my
best to forward it and push it to an early com
pletion. Yours sincerely,
Stephkn M. Whits.
Congressman Barham was the first
speaker. He said: "I am pleased to meet j
you. and better pleased inasmuch as Sena- |
tor White seems to voice the sentiments I
that have called us together. The bill j
which provides for the construction of the |
Nicaragua canal will become a law before j
the next meeting of the Legislature. This
statement if made six months ago would
not have been so certain. At that time j
the precise location and many details of ■
the work were not known. After the re- i
survey of the Ludlow committee things !
are now practically clear.
"I understand from President Cleve
land," continued the speaker, "that he i 3 >
of tne opinion that all the people of the
United States favor this bill. He told me
! so with his own mouth. I havenoanxiety !
I whatever that he will veto it, and I know !
' that three-fourths, if not nine-tenths, of j
! the House are in favor of its passage, and
two-tnirds of the Senate.
"In my opinion, the construction of the |
canal will transplant the center of com
merce of the worid and San Francisco will
be in a short time the second 2^ew York."
Congressman Loud then took the lioor |
j and said : "I had not anticipated that this j
I meeting was for the purpose of talking
over the canal proposition. I supposed it
to be a glorification meeting of the alleged
services which we representatives have
done in the Legislature for Cali ornia. It
is not difficult to get a representation for
j this State of ours.
"We may boast of one thing, and not
| falsify, that we have by nature the be 5 t
harbor in the world. There is now very I
little wanted for our harbor. There are a I
few rocks that should be removed. Ido
j not think you can ever remove Mile Rock,
1 but that a beacon or a bell put upon it will
serve the best purpose.
"The Senators at Washington are will
ing to do anything in the world to benefit
our harbor. It is true we feared at one i
time that because Senator Perkins asked >
for so many things for our State we would !
kick the whole thing over and so procure I
nothing, but such was not the case.
"There is no question of such import
tan cc to the people of San Francisco as is
this proposition of the Nicaragua canal.
Every effort should be put forth to get the
next Congress to pass tiiis bill. The more
you urge the more liable you are to suc
ceed."
Congressman Hilborn said: "I do not
come here as a visitor, but as a" friend and
a brother. I have been a member of this
chamber for a long tinio and all my sym
pathy and all my love is centered here.
"My greatest pride is tiiat I was instru
mental in getting for this coast a naval re
serve. The fact of it is that the present I
depressed condition of the country has I
precluded any great improvement for any
State, but I can say that in this California j
has done even better than any of the rest.
An important thing for our State is the '
establishment of a naval training station !
for boys at Goat Island.
"In regard to the Nicaragua canal I
only wish I had the confidence of the
other gentlemen who have spoken regard
i ing the passage of this measure. You
j must remember it means the expenditure
lof millions and millions of dollars. It is
• a transportation proposition and it will
I perhaps come into conflict with certain
I interests."
Congressman Maguire said: "I consider
that the prevention of the passage of the
funding bill is the most important
measure to this State of the Fifty-fourth
Congress. I want to say that the Califor
nia delegation stood shoulder to shoulder
in the accomplishment of this. I, as a
Democrat, would have had a hard time in
j Congress standing alone had not the Re
publican Representatives exerted their
efforts to win over the Republican side.
"In regard to this measure I think Cali
fornia is safe so far as the Fifty-fourth
Congress is concerned, and the same senti*
ments that influenced the Fifty-fourth
Congress will more strongly influence the
Fifty-fifth Congress."
The speaker spoke of Loud as the Nestor
of the California delegation, and said that
the burden of getting improvements for
California had rested upon him. Speak
ing of the delay in the building of the
Postoffice for this City, he said that one
cause was undoubtedly the insufficiency
of the force in the supervising architect's
office at Washington.
"I think," said he, "that by the latter
part of this year the work will be begun
and speedily carried to completion."
Senator Perkins, who had been called
upon first to speak, but had excused
himself on the plea of not being a
stranger, but one of the home body, said :
"For more than twenty years I have
been a member of this Chamber of Com
merce." He spoke in complimentary
language regarding the distinguished
Japanese gentleman present, saying that
he had come on a mission which would
result in vast benefit to both the United
States and Japan.
"Senators or Representatives," said he,
"know no partisanship after they pass the
Sierra Nevada Mountains going eastward."
He enumerated the many things that had
been secured for California during the last
session of Congress, and paid a high
compliment to the Pacific builders of men
of-war, saying they ranked highest of any
in the country.
"There is no land on God' 3 footstool,"
concluded he, "that has the resources and
big-hearted men of California."
The following resolution was unani
mously passed:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco are hereby respect
fully tendered to the honorable members of
tne California delegation for their successful
eflorta on behalf of the State of California dur
ing the lirst session of the Fifty-fourth Con
gress, and for their assurance of aid hereafter,
especially in the passage of the Nicaragua
canal bill.
Resolutions of thanks were also ten
dered Senator Morgan of Alabama in be
half of the people of the Pacific Coast for
the efforts he has made in their behalf.
A FORESTER PICNIC.
Clubs Acme and Village Belle Will
Have an Outing Next Sund»y at
Sunset Park.
The fifth anneal picnic and excursion
of Club Acme and Club Village Belle of
the Foresters (Court Acme 57 and Village
Belle Circle 264) will take place at Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz, next Sunday, June 28.
Tickets for adults, round trip, will be $1,
children 50 cents. The narrow - gauge
ferry-boat will leave the City at 8:45 a. m.
Prizes will be given to the winners of
the athletic games, and an enjoyable time
is promised to all. Tickets can be procured
from the club members or at the ferry.
I-uofcy Baldwin Sued.
J. J. Raver has brought suit in the Justice
Court to obtßin $299 from E. J. Baldwin. The
ciaim is for work done by the California Art
Metal Works in Dinting up railing around the
new grotto at the Baldwin HoteL
FATHER CLARK'S LECTURE
Traces the Development of the
Arts and Sciences to the
Church.
Says It Is a Time When the Bulwarks
of the Church Need Much
Guarding.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25.— Rev. Arthur
M. Clark, the Paulist father of San Fran
cisco, lectured before a large audience in
the Macdonough Theater this evening.
John P. Irish occupied the chair and in
troduced the lecturer. Several members
of the local priesthood were on the plat
form.
Father Clark took for his subject the
' claim that the world of to-day owes much
|to the Catholic church. He traced the
present high state of development of the
arts and sciences to the careful manner in
which they had been fostered and pro
tected by the Catholic church. Particular
I attention was given to the teachings of the
j church in regard to morality and to the
! preservation of the sanctity of the home.
"If the world had been left to the minis
! trations of the mother church," said the
I sneaker, "we should not have a country of
poor..ouses, lunatic asylums and prisons.
It is not our teaching that has produced
the fearful state of affairs that now con
i fronts us. In every age our doctrine has
: been the same and we have endeavored to
inculcate in the young mind those grand
principles that alone can carry the soul
through this world of temptations and
preserve it unsullied till it is awarded its
eternal prize.
"In every branch of art and science it is
■ the church that has developed it and the
names of the noblest men in the pages ol
history are those who have labored and
died within its pale. Surely no one will
say a disparaging word of the noble Sher
man because he was a Roman Catholic.
"Never was there a time when the bui
walks of the church need as much guard
ing as they do to-day; but we have noth
ing to fear. We have a plain duty to per
form in training the young mind, and so
long as we do this nothing will prevail
against us."
Mourned by His Comrades.
On Wednesday night James Walsh, one of
I the best firemen in the Fire Department, died
at his home nt 136 Eighth street. He was a
member of engine company 17, on Mint
avenue. Walsh had been confined to his home
for two months pnst In consequence of a
severe cold contracted from getting wet at a
fire on Eighth and Natoma streets two months
ago. The cold turned into a case of quick con
j sumption. The funeral will be held to-day
\ from St. Joseph's Church. Two men have
j been detailed from each fire company to at
| tend the funeral. The house of engine 17 has
been draped in mourning. Walsh was 32
years of age.
Abbott's Napoleon.
Rev. John S. C. Abbott's "Life of Na
poleon" is brought to the mind by the
death of his widow, a most estimable lady,
who was an essential aid to him in his
literary work. She is said to have trans
lated much from the French for him in
bil writings of Napoleon. A reliable anec
dote of Mr. Abbott is related as showing
the spirit in which he entered upon this
biography. While it was in the course of
publication in Harper's Magazine a mem
ber of the Harper firm was approached in
remonstrance against the favorable view
taken by Mr. Abbott of this man of blood.
Mr. Harper said he would see Mr. Abbott
upon the subject. He told his inquirer a
day or two later that he had done so and
that Mr. Abbott had assured him that
every morning when he entered his study
to engage in this work his first act was to
put up a prayer to God to be guided aright
in what he should send out to the world.
Mr. Harper had a firm belief that the
truth would be reached under these condi
tions.—Boston Herald.
Professor Frederick U. Kiliick, the Man Who Resuscitates the Drowned.]
NEXT TAX LEVY
STATE AND CITY,
Will Not Exceed $i 67
and It May Go
Lower.
THE CITY VALUATION.
An Increase of Twelve Millions
of Dollars or More
Assured.
FIGURES ON THE STATE ROLL
City Collections on Personal Property
Now Exceed a Half
Million.
i
Assessor Siebe is diligently at work on j
the assessment roll and will file it within I
the time prescribed by law.' He said yes
terday that he would not ask for an ex
tension.
The Assessor was not willing to make an
approximate estimate of the total valua
tion, but readily admitted that it would
be m excess of last year's valuations. It
is figured by men who claim to be familiar |
with values that the total amount will ap- j
proximate $340,000,000, or an increase of \
$12,000,000 over the last roil.
The collection of personal property taxes,
unsecured by real estate, is progressing in
I lively styie. The amount taken up to noon
j yesterday was $545,967 72, a sum $100,000
in excess of last year's collections. As no
tax-levy has been fixed for this year the
collection is made on last year's rate of
is 2 25. This accounts in a measure for the
j large increase. Ultimately the City must
j refund to the tax-payers the difference be- '
i tween $2 25 and the forthcoming rate. The
I law so provides. Thirty thousand tax
| payers will each be entitled to a rebate,
but in many instances the amount will be
so small that application may not be
made.
In making this readjustment a vast deal j
of work will be imposed upon the Super
visors, Auditor and Treasurer. Every ap
j plication must be made to the Board of
Supervisors, and when allowed the money
cannot be drawn from the treasury with- |
out an order from the Auditor.
No one can yet tell exactly what the I
next tax levy will be, because the valua- ;
tion of all taxable property is still an un- |
| known quantity, and the amounts to be !
| allowed by the Supervisors for the various j
; departments of the municipal goyern
j ment have not been determined.
Auditor Broderick made a calculation
| that the value of taxable property would !
!be $330,000,000. The estimate is "likely to
| be under the actual return, but the figures
may be changed before the Supervisors,
sitting as a Board of Equalization, get
through with the roll.
The Auditor did not allow many extras
on his estimates, but figured nearly every
thing down to a business basis. Still he
thinks the board should diminish rather
than increase his allowances. In taking j
I the total of his estimates and calculating
I that the assessment roll will reach $330,-
I 000,000, he figures that the local rate
should not exceed $1 17, and might go as
low as $1 07.
Governor Budd in a general way has
more than once indicated that the State
levy would not exceed 48 cents. Since he
made this calculation reports have
reached members of the State Board of
Equalization that there would be quite a
shrinkage in the valuation.
Allowing that the State rate will be 50
cents and tne local rate $1 17, the levy
would be $1 67, or 58 cents low- r than the ,
last levy. It is possible that the rate may
go as low as $160, in view of the increas
ing public sentiment toward retrench
ment in State and municipal affairs.
There should be in the State treasury a j
surplus of $1,000,000, because the Governor ;
insisted that the revenue bill passed by
j the Legislature should cover all the ap
| propriations made by the session. Many
jof the appropriations were unconstitu-
I tional and extravagant, and so they were
! vetoed. The result was the taking of
$1,000,000 more than was necessary out of
circulation and putting it in the State
treasury. The next Legislature is likely
to appropriate it with great gladness.
The next local levy will not embrace
anything for the new City Hall construc
tion, but a large sum must be raised for
election expenses, so one will about offset
the other.
THE BUILDING TRADES.
Rival Bricklayers' Unions Ask for Rec
ognition by the Council.
The Building Trades Council met last
evening at 1159 Mission street and the sec
retary was instructed to secure headquar
ters for the council in some other build
ing.
Representatives from the rival bricklay
ers' unions, the local and the international,
addressed the council upon the matter of
affiliating therewith. It was left to the
grievance committee to decide within
thirty days which of the two unions
should be recognized by the council.
Attention was callea to the fact that
next Thursday is the day set for the rule
to go into effect which prohibits all union
workmen from finishing work where union
men have been called out on account of
the presence of non-union men. In many
cases union men have been ordered out on
striKe because non-union men were em
ployed and when the latter finished their
work the union men were allowed to re
turn, but hereafter they are prohibited
from doing so.
On Tuesday night a union mas3- meeting
of all connected with the buildinp trades
will be held at 115 Turk street to elect two
new business agents. It was decided that
the grievance committee of the council
should be increased to six members, to be
selected monthly.
The boycott on the new California
League baseball grounds on Sixteenth
and Folsorn streets has been raised by the
council.
To Be Made a Family Hotel.
The trustees of the Mercantile Library Asso
ciation hare had under consideration for some
time the project of rearranging the upper two
floors of the library building and converting
them into a family "hotel. At the last mi rting
of the trustees this idea was favorably acted
upon. The architect of tbe association has
prepared plans and specifications which call
for sixty-six rooms, parlors, dining-room, etc.
The location of the building, on Van Ness and
Golden Gate avenues, is one of the most cheer
ful Rnd sunny in the City. The s.Z2 of the
building is 137:6x120, with v frontage on
three streets, nil paved with bituminous rock.
These features, together with a reasonable
rent and long-term lease, are strong induce
ments to a hotel proprietor. The estimated
cost of making the contemplated improve
ments will be from $3000 to $t>ooo.
Sued the Railroad.
Frederick W. Zehfuss has sued the Market
street Railway. Company for $50,000 damages
for injuries sustained in an assault on him by
employes of the company in a row about a
transfer. Zehfuss is the man who, on June
2, was put off r Kearny-street car and hit in
tlie breast with a piece of iron when he tried
to get on again.
HE SAVES HUMAN LIFE,
How to Restore Those Who Lose
Consciousness Through
Immersion.
Professor Kiliick Thinks That Every
Child Should be Taught to Swim
and to Help Others.
"Next to swimming, and it is my
strong opinion that every child should be
taught to swim," said Professor Frederick
H. Kiliick of the Sutro Baths yesterday,
"every child should be taught the princi
ples of life-saving, that is, the methods
necessary to restore to animation those
who have become insensible from immer
sion. It has been my privilege in the past
few years to lecture on this subject to
more than 25,000 school children in Canada
and in the United States. I have spent a
number of years in the study of the vari
ous methods used by men prominent in
Europe and the United States, those of Dr.
Sylvester, Dr. Hall and of Dr. Howard,
which is that most practiced in the United
States. I have taken the best points
from each and combined them with a view
of obtaining the very best results in a case
of emergency.
"How do I proceed in the case of an in
dividual who, to use a common expres
sion, goes beneath the surface for a third
time? 1 will tell you what Ido in case
such an emergency occurs at a point where
there are none of the appliances that are
in use in life resuscitation stations.
"Whoever brings the body from the j
water should before landine it allow it to
float face downward, lor a moment only.
The body of a person in tnat condition
should never be floated on the Back. Say,
for instance that such a body was brought !
from the waters on to the beach close by i
here, I should, as soon as possible wade '■
in, crouch under the approaching body j
and in raising form an arch of my back,
and in that way elevate the body out of
the water. I would then move quickly to
land. The knack in securing the body is
to have the lower limbs swing over the
left shoulder and drop forward and in that
way give me a sure hold on the individual,
then the individual's stomach rests on my
back at an angle of about forty degrees,
and while in that condition the
tfater which is in the lungs and
cavity of the chest escapes through
the mouth, every motion I make
causing a pressure against the cavity
which helps to force out any water that
may have been in it and which had not of
its own weight escaped. If there was a
house close uy I would carry the body
there and Keep every one away except two
persons who could assist. If not the body
should be laid on the sand and the mouth
and nostrils at once wiped free from a
mucus that is formed in every case.
Then the tongue should be secured by
either tying a rubber band around it, or if i
none is handy a piece of string will do. j
Then the tongue should be pulled forward I
and held so that it. cannot fall brick and I
close the windpipe, and while this is being |
done I would stand over the body, place
my hands under it on a line with tne
shoulders and having locked them would
rock the body deliberately from side to
side, one of the arms of the individual
being placed in such a position that the
head will roll on it and prevent it from
being chafed b}' the sand.
"Then the body should be rested on a
roll which can be made of a coat or any
thing that will make an elevation of four
inches. This should be placed a little be
low the shoulders, so that the chest will
form an arch. This having been done, and
mind you a!) this is done in c remarkablj
short space of time, I would commence
producing artificial respiration. This
is done first by placing the thumbsof each
I hand, end to end, over the breast bone and |
extending the lingers in such a way as to
cover as much as possible of the stomach,
then pressing down and raising the hands
without removing them from the body,
keeping up that motion. The arms should
by another person be taken at the elbows
and raised forward and lowered after the
fashion of a pump handle in a regular
manner and that kept up until there is a
sign of a return of natural breathing.
When that is noticed the patient shoald I
be chafed to assist the circulation of the
blood, which has become dormant but has
not lost its vitality, and after that grad
ual heat should be applied and rest en
couraged.
"In the rooms set apart in this place for
me I have all the appliances that are in
use in saving the life of those apparently
drownea, and I have some improvements
which my observation has proved to ms
are of material assistance in the worK.
One of these is a steam bed, on which the
patient is placed as soon as it is ascer
tained that natural respiration has been
set up. It is covered with several thick
nesses of blankets, and the moment the
patient is laid on it there is a blanket in a
roll at the foot of the bed which is used to
cover him. This is first folded in the cen
ter, then pleated and rolled, and when
pushed forward it unrolls like a thing of
life and falls over the patient and covers
him in the most perfect manner without
creating the cold that is produced by
throwing a blanket over the patient. As
the patient needs heat it is applied through
a steam pipe under the bed until full
sensibility is restored and the patient is
strong enough to be removed to another
room.
• — ♦ — •> .
In several European countries butter is
sold by the yard. The rolls are a yard in
length and are sold in sections to suit pur
chasers. r
When Baby was sick, vre ga-'e her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
Whenever you
_, think of a man in
Pill*! If If manhood you aI-
•UHUI &f ways think of his
®» energy. Now,
_ some men lack
LnA^nrif , energy and others
P fllP' I II tf hiVC to ° much
SbIIUI £»? energy. The most
unfortunate is the
E fellow who lacks
Lflft|*lY|f energy. He is like
hISbV i M ™ a house without a
Hllwl y*ft.j window. A lack of
*^* F energy soon pro-
Educes other lacks
Lnrt^nrif &nd tnen comes
ispi U W prematurenefs of
EIUB HI the discharge. If
***** you are suffering
am from this you
LnorfYif shouid vs ° tne
a IB H I H ¥ S' eat reme d . o -
lallUlfr-lI treatment, tiud-
**^ *. yan. Hudyan
Estops quickness of
Llinfflfy * he discharge in
111 KB V yf twenty days and
kllvl F3J thus cures the
*■** first of evils.
m Hudyan cures Lost
Lnfll'fY > t# Manhood,
IHI II I sions, Nervous
Hall VI HI Debility, Neuras-
thenia, and makes
E a* a man anew. Hud-
LnOrIT II y an can be had
1 8 O 9 PI only by - your "
■■II"* v*§% ing for or writing
*cf~b/ to the old doctors
E - M __ of the Hudson
01s ol* fifH Medica ' Institute.
1 1 08 M. w No one else has
■ HWI O* Hudyan, no one
else can give you
E* j^ Hudyan. Certainly
B»fl£3B HTIJ you sllould have
§lO§ W P roofs ° { the Hud-
lallWfl (£&& yan tret, tmen t.
This you can have.
Call or' write for
: — fIUDYA^ CIRCULARS— :
a •
HUDSON MEDICAL IMITCTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
' Pimples.
Copper-colored spots.
' Sore mouth. ■
Sore throat.
Failing hair.
Enlarged lumps.
Glandular lumps.
Skin eruptions.
— - Partial Joss of eyebrows.
Sore eyes.
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs — go to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
: BLOOD •
: CIRCULARS :
: free. :
CALL OR write
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sis.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE C&
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MEJUT.
BLOCKADE SALE,
LOW PRICES — THAT FENCE COM-
PEtS US TO SELL CHEAP.
For nearly a rear now Spreckels has maintained
his fence at Third and .Market streets, thereby
seriously interfering with our trade and our busi-
ness has suffered In consequence. In no other city
of the world would tnat fence be tolerated for that
length of time, but we apparently have no redress
and we are compelled to sell our shoes at ruinous
prices to do business. we have, therefore. In-
augurated a Blockade Sale, and during such sala
we wi 1 offer shots at prices never heard of before
in this city.
Ladies' Kusset Kid Southern Ties, with brown-
cloth tops, pointed toes and tips and hand turned
soles, reduced from $-' 50 to $1 75; all widths and
sizes. . .
11 vl \as£ CM OC
LVy Oh/Si
Lai ies' Genuine Husset Goat Oxfords, with
either I'ointed or Medium Square Toss and Tips.
Hand-turned Soles, and guaranteed for wear, re-
duced from $2 to $1 25; all widths and sizes.
AlM^Ag \kj CM OC
■ " Vfir 1^ I m
fLw aß j3i7 OlitJi
Youths' and Boys' Russet Lace Shoes, solid
wearers and Just the thin* for summer and vaca-
tion. They have neat, medium pointed toes and
tips, and will be sold as follows:
Youths' sizes, 11 to 2 91 25
Boys' sizes, 2% to 5% "..; $1 35
IVy $2,00,
Ladies' Fine Kid.. Cloth-top Luce Shoes, in Rus-
set or Ulack, with latest etyle flazorToesand Tips,
pood fitters and guaranteed to wear; reduced from
f 2 50 to $1.
Ladles' Kxtra Quality Button Shoes, with • Black
C'lotlior Kid Tops and Very Pointed Toes and Tip-,,
Pliable Soles, Reversed iintton Flies, Circular
Viimps and. Heel Foxing; reduced during this
sale to $2: all widths and sizes.
Men's ■ High-cut Bicycle Shoes; reduced from
92 50 to $2 15.
Men's Low-cut Bicycle Shoes; reduced from
$•2 26 to SI 85.
Men's Hand-sewed" Kangaroo; Lace or Congress-
reduced from 84 to $2 8&.
, tftT Country orders solicited.
' 43" Send for .New illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
-^iiS^j^&iv^ fifty - d llar
j^^^^ELECTRin BELTS
P^if?Kfcs2f^c(fe»r - 1 tOT S-^». ami tM Belts
"VgS^S^^^Sto,^ for $15: alsogood bel:s for
jW* r \rT?iM^ *&• ' ttto " t patent and all
(• -?.I£PV Improvements. **" Call
■ "*** it or write for new pamphlet
V 1 * No. a AddrtM It.
PIERCK A SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearay,
second, third and fourth floors. San trandsco.
OOSMOPOXiITAN.
Opposite U. 8. Hint, 100 and 103 Fifth st., Sm
irancisco, CaL— The moat select family hots* la
the city. Board and room, *1, $1 25 «ni $1 5 J »»ac
Cay, according u> room. MeaU iiSo. Kooaas, »>*»
and 750 a day. Jj'rea coach to and from lua b<»«U
JUwk lor the coacu buitrt nz the nama o( ins Cot>
ttopoliua HoiaL WiL jfAUtiV. fCOpniritMtTWO PLAYS BY
LOCAL AUTHORS,
The Columbia School Gives
Its Hand to Native
Talent.
LAUGHTER AND THRILLS
William Greer Harrison's Half
Hour of Concentrated
Agony.
MISS YATES LIKES LAUGHTER.
The Pupils Cover Themselves With
Glory in Quite a Variety
of Ways.
t _ __________
Two new plays were produced by the
Columbia School of Dramatic Art yester
day afternoon. One was the half-hour of j
concentrated agony which it is becoming |
Scene From William Greer Harrison's New Curtain-Raiser, "Expiation.**
the fashion to serve ut> to the audience by I
way of an appetizer before the solid fare i
of the evening begins, ana the other was '
a sparkling little comedy which described |
the attempts at matrimony committed by j
the three Miss Biddies.
William Greer Harrison wrote the half- ;
hour of concentrated agony especially for
the Columbia School. It described one of
those episodes which in plays and novels
occur in men's lives and make their hair
go gray prematurely and the shadow of
mysterious melancholy settle down on
them forever. The play was named "Ex- j
piation." It was French, very French — I
in fact, it was so French that parents and
guardians sitting in the theater some
times clutched the elbows of their arm
chairs tightly and held their breath in
.terrified, suspense for fear what was com- !
ing was — well, wns just a little too French j
for the young people of the school.
Their" alarm was without foundation j
however. William Greer Harrison had ;
skated over tnin ice occasionally, but he;
had done it so skillfully that there was no !
cause for trembling or even for a passing .
qualm. "Expiation" tells how Marie, a j
French orphan, was beloved by Henri Dv |
Foise, the son of a French land owner. In
stead of rejoicing at the presence of cupid !
in his family, the landowner what Dick- i
ens in one of his novels describes as '
"flops" to his son, to abjure him to re- j
frain.
Henri refuses to refrain, whereupon a ;
village priest, who possesses the paternal j
name of Father Pere, reveals the prewsome i
Btory. Years before Marie' 3 father had j
loved Mane's mother maaly, passionately, :
selfishly. Matters came to such a pass j
that it was necessary for Henri's father to j
kill Marie'a father. The villain had caused
him to be defeated as- a conscript, which
shows that he was very young, but he re- j
turned from the war alone at nighi and j
does the deed.
This awful story moves Henri to de- ,
spair. He hears a drum and life band \
without, and bidding a hasty and last fare- ;
well to Marie and his faUier, he rushes off. ;
in evening dress, like the heroes of Water- j
100, to die for iais country, while Marie
falls on her knees and promises to be a !
daughter to her father's slayer.
The play was cleverly acted by James j
Keane, who, as the avenger, erred only by
too faithful a reproduction of Henry Irv- ,
ing's mannerisms, by Thomas Hickey as
Henri, E. Lestrado, who was dignified and
convincing as the Father Pere, and by, Miss
Minna Terry as Marie
••The Three Miss Biddies is a work of
so much promise that it is safe to augur .i
very bright future as a playwright for chat
clever younc native daughter, Miss Alice
Yates Grant. An eccentric uncle has died,
leaving untold piiver to any or each of
the three Miss Biddies who shall marry
a man whose name begins with "R. Ibe
unurinc complications Miring from this
situation and the appearance of a Reginald
Ronald iialston on the scene are most
amuMnely portrayed. The young play
wright has worked up her point splen
didly; she makes enough of her comedy
situations, but never works them to death.
Ail the performers in this cast were good ;
the" were: R. W. Travers, Miss Helen
Hißby, Mibs Florence K. Minot and Miss
Nettie Hynes. .
"Sunset," by Jerome K. Jerome, was
pleasingly acted by R. W. Travers, George
Godfrey. O. Humphries, Miss May Cap
well, Miss Gracie Gray and Mips Cecelia
Harmon. George Godfrey and Miss Gray
especially distinguisned themselves,
though all the acting was excellent.
The dancing was the weakest feature of
the performance, not that the young
people did not show grace, but the char
acter of the dances had not been pre
served. Every one who has read the good
old novels of the last century remembers
that the Pamelas and the Clarissas of the
period were always invited by their beaux
to "walk" a minuet. The idoa of pranc
ing with uplifted feet through its stately
measures would have shocked their sensi
tive souls. 
On the part of the pupils yesterday a
light, springy step was adopted, which
looked |like an incipient desire to do some
high kicking. It was a very pretty dance,
but it was not the minuet de la cour.
In the Spanish bolero the modern art of
high kicking also obtruded itself, to the
destruction of the real character of the
dance. Spanish dancers wear skirts almost
ro the ankles, and instead of dancing
entirely with the feet, their grace comes
from the swaying rhythmic movement of
the whole body. The dance was pretty,
but it was :iot*a bolero.
A clever performance was given by little
Juliet, who danced with a mask at the
back of her head.
Miss May Warring gave a clever ex
hibition of fencing with Professor Emil
Tortoni.
LILLIAN CROOME DIVORCED.
Judge Troutt Decided That the Dentist
"Was Extremely Cruel.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted a
divorce to Lillian Croome on the ground
of extreme cruelly. Mrs. Croome was the
wife of Dr. William Croome, the dentist.
The plaintiff is a sister of Dr. Decker,
another dentist.
The case was heard in chambers by
Judge Troutt, the principal allegation
being that Croome beat his wife with a
hairbrush and called ncr vile names.
The plaintiff was allowed $40 a month
alimony and $150 counsel fees.
Judge Troutt also divorced Domenicco
Curcia from Antonia Curcia on the ground
of willful desertion.
. — » >
Ihe Fire Department. J^UU
The Fire Commissioners yesterday afternoon I
appointed Charles J. Hogan hoseman of en-
Bine 3 and J. F. McQuade engineer of engine
17. E. F. Welsh, stoker of Engine'l, was fined i
live dsys' pay for neglect of duty. Secretary j
Maxwell reported that the department would
hr.ye a surplus or about $13,000 at the end of
the fiscal year. All the extratnen will be on
duty from July 3 to July 6 and two extra ehem- |
ical engines will be brought into service to
cope with the tires caused by the usual fire- j
works celebration. |
SPYKE MISSED THE "GO"
The Dutch Traveler Who Hadn't
Heard of Corbett Fell
Asleep.
______________
Rises Early, Posts Himself on All the
Fistic News and Takes in a
Einetoscope.
H. Y. Spyke, the traveler from Holland
who had never heard of Corbett, did not
see the fight after all, as he fell asleep at
the California from the fatigue of his
journey, the last day of which necessi
tated a start at 4 o'clock a. m.
He was up early enough yesterday morn
ing, however, and had so far posted him- j
self on fistic contests and the engagement j
of the previous night that in the afternoon j
he was discussing the possibility of Cor
bett's appearing in Oakland before start
ing eastward for the purpose of meeting
Fitzsimmons in England.
"Do you think there will be another
light in the next few weeks?" was bis first
query. "If there is one I will stay for it. j
"After 1 read the papers this morning I j
went to see in a kinetoscope a fight. Oh, :
it was very fine. I saw Corbett hit a man j
so fast and then he knocked him down.
"I saw some men driving horses all with j
sicrns, 'The Races, Ingleside.' Where is
that? I want to see that."
Out came a notebook and on a page ;
where he nad already written "Cliff j
House," "Burlingame," he jotted down
directions to Ingleside.
"And can you tell me what is this
•Lucky Baldwin, the God of Love?' 1 !
want to see that, too. Oh, I thought it ;
was a great piece of statuary, may be, in
your park.
"I am just now writing to my brother in
Amsterdam all about what I have seen.
I tola him that this Golden Gate in the '
land of gold is no more golden than the I
Red Sea is red and just some ugly bluff of j
earth.
"The editor of the Telegraph, the big- j
gest paper in Holland, takes the letters j
from my brother and publishes what '
things he wishes from them. The papers I
in my country have not so many pages as !
yours, nor have they so large circulation, j
for in Holland there are only 4,500,000 |
people, though Amsterdam is larger than j
San Franci?co. It has 500,000 Deople.
"1 wrote to my brother that the women
on this side are very much prettier than
on the other side. The women in New
York, ngh, they are not beautiful.
"In my guidebook to America which I
bought in Germany it aays: 'Palo Alto—
where there is a great university, but more
fine horses than students.' lam going to
see every town between San Francisco and
San Jose.
"When I was reading a sign the other
day where it said 'Our Next President 1
and a big crowd was there a man took me
by the shoulders behind, shook me. hit
nic on the shoulder and said 'What's the
matter with McKinley?'
"I don't like that anymore than the
American that came to Holland and could
not sleep because the clock chimes rane
every half hour in ah the towers of the
cit y-" . . *.
Want* III* Child
A petition has been filed in the Superior
Court by Melville C. Baker, asking for the cus
tody of his daughter, Grace E. Baker. He aI.
leges that his former wife, from whom he was
divorced in 1888, is cruel to the child. At the
time of the divorce, the custody of the girl
was awarded to Mrs. Baker. Grace is now 14
years of age.
Sued the Ex-Sheriff.*
B. C. Jones, assignee of the estate of Louis |
Eandler, has sued J. J. McDade, receiver of the i
estate of Louis Laudier, for ao accounting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
TO BETTER THE
SCHOOL LAWS,
Pertinent Recommendations
of the Rules Com
mittee.
TARDY TEACHERS FINED
Janitors in Future Will Have
to Weigh All the School
Coal.
HOISTING THE NATIONAL FLAG
Increased Patriotic Observances— New
Sanitary Laws, More Holi
days, Etc.
The rules and regulations governing the
public schools of San Francisco are just
now being amended and revised to con
form to the ideas of the School Directors,
each succeeding set of whom is presumed
to be wiser than any of its predecessors.
Recently th? Board of Education, realiz
ing the necessity of asserting its individu
ality of authority, authorized the appoint
ment by Superintendent Babcock of a
committee of principals, consisting of
Frank Morton of the Lowell High School,
Joseph O'Connor of the Horace Mann
Grammar, Emma E. Stincen of the Whit
tier Primary and Miss P. H. Nolan of the
Washington Evening, to mane such sug
gestions as were deemed desirable to the
better government of the schools.
After mature deliberation the Rules
Committee, consisting of T. R. Knox
(chairman), A. Comte Jr. and H. C. Hen
derson, has agreed upon a number of
changes which will be finally decided in a
committee of the whole.
The dates of the opening and the closing
of the school terms have been changed,
tardy teachers are held to a stricter ac
countability, patriotic observances are ex
tended and emphasized, and janitors are
required to keep check on the coal con
tractors. The new rules comprise the fol
lowing provisions:
The first term of the public schools shall be
gin on the first Monday of August, and end on
the Friday next preceding Christmas. The
second term shall begin on the Monday follow
ing the first day of January, and end on the
third Friday of June.
State Labor day is added to the list of school
holidays.
If a teacher shall fail to be at bis or her post
of duty at the appointed hour three times in
any one calendar month the principal shall re
port such tardiness to the committee on rules,
and if tliereafter the same teacher is similarly
tardy, he or she shall forfeit half a day's sal
ary.
Teachers are strictly forbidden to require J
their pupils to perform any menial service or !
to send them on private or personal errands i
during school hours.
The power to transfer pupils from one school
to another, when good reasons exist for so
doing, is taken from the Classification Com
mittee and vested in the Superintendents.
Any High School student may so arrange his
or her studies, under the direction of the prin
cipal, as to complete the regular course In four
or more years.
Physicians' certificates of vaccination, etc. ,
.given to pupils, must be countersigned by the
1 Health Officer before they can be received in
the schools.
Janitors shall weigh all coal received at the
schools and shall report thereon to the princi
pals. Certificates of these weights shall be
signed by the principals and sent by them to
the Secretary of the Board of Education, who
shall make a record of the same and then send
them to the committee on supplies.
Janitors shall raise the American flag on
school-houses on the first and last school day
of the school year and on the last school day
before and the first school day after each vaca
tion ; during public exercises, on Washing
ton's birthday, Bunker Hill day, the Fourtn
of July. Admission day. Patriotic day and on
such other days as may t>e ordered by the
Board of Education, the President of the
Superintendent. The flag must be at half
mast on Memorial day, on the death of a
teacher or pupil and on such other days as
may be ordered by the board, the President or
the Superintendent.
Garnisheetl Kochctte's Money.
Jacob Raver yesterday filed in the Sheriff's
office an attachment against Charles Rochette's
money for boxing at the Pavilion on the pre
vious night. The story goes that Rochette got
in debt $60 when trainine for a previous fight,
and his creditors sprung the garnishee on the
night of the fijjht at the Pavilion. An answer
was filed that the claim had been transferred.
Want* Sutro's Wood.
E. A. Reddy, superintendent of the Alms
house, asks permission of the Board of Super
visors to contract with AdolphSutro for 100
cords of wood at $5 per cord. The superin
tendent sets forth that the wood is accessible,
well suited for the bakery, that the price is
low and the cost of hauling much less than it
would cost to haul it from the City.
_'* * —
Rescued a Chinese Girl.
Miss Susie Williams has asked to be ap
pointed guardian of Ah Sui, a little Chinese
?;irl, who was rescued from a house of ill
ame by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. General McComb was her
guardian, and at his death the parents of the
child made an effort to get possession of her.
A writ of habeas corpus was Issued by Judge
Troutt, but the matter is now in Judge Slack's
bands.
DETERMINED TO DIE.
Joseph Brady Jumps Into the Bay, bat
Is Bescned.
Joseph Brady, an old man without a
home, jumped into the bay from Clay
street wharf yesterday afternoon. He was
rescued and taken to the Eeceiving Hos
pital.
"I was despondent," said Brady, "and I
want to end my life, as 1 have nothing to
live for. I was once foreman of the Pio
neer Woolen Mill?, but for some years I
have been trying to earn a living by ped
dling.
"My two boys died eight years ago on
the same day from drohtneria and I am
always dreaming about them. I heard
them calling to me from the bay,, but
when I jumped into the water they were
not there. I want to get to them and what
is the use of always dragging me out of
the water."
About two months ago Brady tried to
drown himself in toe bay. He says the
next time he will do it when no one is
around. _
A CHINESE BURGLAR.
Tom Tee, Alias American Jim, Sent to
the County Jail.
Tom Yee, aiias American Jim, was sent
to the County Jail for six months by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the charge of
keeping an opium resort on Sacramento
street.
American Jim is the oldest and best
known Chinese burglar on the Pacific
Coast. For the past thirty-six years he
has been sent to the penitentiary seven
times for burglary.
He is now over CO years of age and a
physical wreck. After he has been in the
County Jail for a short time efforts will be
made to have him deported.
FREUD AND THE LADIES,
The Secretary of the Merchants'
Association Defends the
Charter.
Points Out Some Erroneous Impres
sions of the American Woman's
Liberal League.
Secretary Freud of the Merchants' Asso
ciation is not disposed to permit any at
tack on the proposed new charter to go
unchallenged. This is his reply to the op
position to tne instrument manifested by
the American Woman's Liberal League:
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: In your
issue of this inoriii ng appeared certain resolu
tions passed by the American Woman's Liheral
League in opposition to the charter. Without
intending to discourage these ladies in their
commendable enthusiasm in the public wel
fare, justice to the charter and its iramers
makes it Droper and necessary to correct them
in their erroneous conclusions.
Keterring to the clause in the charter re
quiring teachers in the primary and grammar
classes ol our public schools to be educated in
the school system of the State, the ladies seem
to lose sight of the fact that this clause can
refer only to teachers to be engaged hereafter,
not to those who are now in the department;
and if the application of this principle of
patronizing as it were home production is not
found a desirable feature of the charter it
can, of course, be amended accordingly.
These ladies are also greatly surprised not to
find anything In the charter governing the
eleclion'of the Mayor and certain other offi
cials as well as amendment of the charter. If
they will kindly turn to the constitution of
California and the general laws of the State
beating upon cities and counties they will find
ample provision for these very matters. It
would be idle and superfluous for the charter
to repeat provisions already clearly declared
in the constitution and general laws of the
State.
The resolutions rlso state that there are no
provisions in the charter "along the lines laid
down by modern sociology." Not being en
tirely ct-rb-.m ns to the exact meaning of this
! declaration, I must forego the privilege of
j innking any attempt at the solution of the
I conunurum.
In conclusion, it certainly must occur to the
i average citizen that the charter is an excel
lent document when it js considered that the
objections so far raised against it are so weak
ami baseless. The friends of the charter only
ns_ the citizens of San Francisco to read and
consider its provisions. While it is by no
means perfect, it certainly is infinitely su
perior to the present laws governing the City.
Kespectiully yours, J. Richd Freud.
DISCUSSED THE FUNDS,
Executive Committee for the
Fourth Says How Much
to Spend.
The Competitive Patriotic Poetical
Productions Now Range in the
Hundreds.
The executive committee for the Fourth
of July met last night to discuss funds.
The auditing committee submitted a re
port for the limit of expenditures which
was, with a few alterations, approved. Af
ter much discussion it was resolved to ap
propriate for the different items about as
follows:
Parade committee— General Warfield, $780;
prizes, $75; Veteran Firemen, $50; police,
I $48; floats, ijyJOO; incidentals, telegrams, etc.,
I #22; hacks, $125; music, $1000; regalia,
; $_00. Total, s?_6oo.
Literßry committee— Rent, $85; music, $85;
tableaux, $78; prize poems, $50; chairs, $15;
decorations, $100; chorue, $50. Total, $466.
Invitation and reception committee—Merry
go-round $50, flags $64, refreshments $50,
help $40— 5204.
Fireworks $1000, office expenses, station
ery, stamps, etc., $1500.
Decoration streets $800. Total, $6570.
It was resolved that another transporta
tion committee be appointed, consisting
of A. J. Raisch, Captain Kearney and Cap
tain McDonald.
Mr. Uallidie thought that the display
of fireworks Bhould be concentrated on
Washington, Union, Jefferson and the
other large squares ol the City. It was
stated that the Native Daughters will turn
out in larger number than ever before.
The ten parlors will participate in the
parade.
Grand Marshal Umbsen moved that an
appropriation not to exceed $300 be made
for two floats — one for the Goddess of
Liberty and the other for the personage
representing the State of California. This
was passed.
The literary committee reported that it
had struggled through 120 poetical selec
tions sent in as competitive productions
for me one patriotic pueni. Of these the
committee selected a number of the best
for critical examination.
It was decided to invite a minister to
deliver the opening prayer at the exercises
in the Pavilion and to invoke the benedic
tion.
The parade committee submitted the
following resolution:
Whereas, The ex-Union Veterans have,
through their organization, accepted an invi
tation to parade on July Fourth; therefore,
be it
Jienolvcd, By the ex-Union Veterans on the
parade committee that the grand marshal
issue an invitation through the press asking
all ex-Union veterans not attached to any or
ganization, and all ex-Confederate veterans to
join in the parade.
Signed, M«jor J. A. Whitesides, Captain L.
Hanson, J. H. Garrett, Captain L. J. Kearney,
Captain John Tuttle.
The invitation and reception committee
reported that Manager Vining bad allowed
free transportation to orphans to Golden
Gate Park. Donations have been prom
ised from the .Baldwin and California Ho
tels of 500 sandwiches each, and from Mr.
Wiseman of 200 and Mr. Marsden 250
doughnuts. J
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ■ .___^_
bargaTn-day leaders
The TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE at which eveything is being forced
out during the Great Clearance Sale now in progress enables us to offer
our Bargain-Day patrons the following and many other
EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTIONS!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS! HANDKERCHIEFS! GLOVES !_GLOVES!
HANDKERCHIEFS. At 2j_ Cents Each. . At 65 Cents.
At 5 Cents. / 300 dozen MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S 2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
600 dozen PLAIN WHITE AND FAST WHITE AND COLORED BORDERED (black embroidered back), in white,
COLORED BORDER HEMMED AND HEMSTITCHED H A N D X E R- regular value $1, will be closed out at
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER- CHIEFS, regular price 60c per dozen. 65c a pair.
CHIEFS, regularly sold at $1 20 per * #
dozen, will be offered at sc. A . _,_ o .
NECKWEAR. t 1 riTifi 1 TlAfllCS 1 t 1 nnn 1 MOO pairs --BUTTON KID* GLOVES, in
NECKWEAR. LACES LACES LACES J 180 ° P ftira 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
At 25 Cents UitUUU-. UiiU_!lU . JJ_IU-.U . dark and medium tan shades, also
220 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' TECK black, regular value $1, will be closed
SCARFS AND GRADUATED FOUR- At 73. Cents a Yard. out at 65c a air
IN HANDS, in a large assortment of BUTTER AND LINEN SHADE IMlTA-
stylish patterns, regular price 60c, will TION BATISTE INSERTION, 2 At 75 Cents.
be placed on sale at 25c. inches wide, regular price 15c. 1500 pairB 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES,
At 35 Cents — in dark and mediunu colors, also black,
150 dozen LATEST STYLE TECK AND _____ __„ , _____ _„„ . 525" l al^ alne * 125 ' WiU be offerea at
FOUR-IN-HAND SCARFS, in a vari- VffTFTMI VFTT HIP ! 75c a P air -
ety of neat patterns, regular price 75c, f M LULU IT I V J_ll JLliil II 1
will be placed on sale at 35c. ££ 80 Cents.
OUTING SHIRTS. At 25 Cents Each. 1200 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
At 3=» Cents BRUSSELS NET BORDERED VEIL- ING KID GLOVES (large buttons), in
tin ■*«„,- rmrvfnT aviS MADRAS ING. embroidered white, in black, red, tan, navy and brown colors, also
310 dozen CHkvlOl MAD-tAb »avy and brown, regular price 65c '. black, regular value |1 25, will be
OVERSHIRTS, in plaids, vertical and nayv and brown, regular price boc, dose( j Qut at g^ a pair>
horizontal stripes, made with yoke "At 50c, ft - -- $1.00, $1.50 Each. •
and guaranteed perfect fitting, regular At sOc » bac » 7ac » »I.OU, $1.5U fcacn.
price 65c, will be offered at 35c. BUTTER- APPLIQUE BORDERED , *. ;;., ... •
H ' WASHED VEILS, in a large variety
HOSIERY! HOSIERY ! lpauerns DRESDEN RIBBONS!
__ DIE /^*^-co™ NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR! , At2o - ent ,
HOSE, fine gauge, high-spliced heels 3-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RlB-
and toes, onyx , fast black, regular Special sale of LACE COLLARETTES, BONB, assorted patterns, will be offered
price 25c, reduced to 15c a pair. FRONTS, PLASTRONS, RUFFLES, at 20c.
v . JABOTS, COLLARS, ETC., at greatly
At 20 Cents a Pair. reduced prices.
LADIES' COTTON HOSE, dropstitch, At Zis e nts.
black boot and colored top com bina- • V •' £* r- 3>_-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RlB-
tions, spliced heels and toes, regular MTTOT T\T TT'WnP'nWP 171 I BONS, assorted patterns, will be offered
pries $4 per dozen, reduced to 20c a JjIUMjIIi UHDMI Will Ail ! at2sc *
pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair. At 25 Cents. At 30 Cents.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED • MACO 50 dozen LADIES' CORSET COVERS, 4-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS,
COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels perfect fit. V-shape, edged with em- in new shades, assorted patterns, will
and toes,. black and dark tan shades, broidery, will be offered at 25c each. be offered at 30c.
regular price 35c, reduced to 25c a pair.
— At 25 Cents.
PfIDQIPTC! I PfIPQI?TQ ! 5° dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
UUilUllliu! bUilOlUO! heavy muslin yoke band, finished _- n
-■;■ Atir.oo. j^^-sife! mbloldeT7 ' 11111 be CARRIAGE PARASOLS !
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, At = 0 rent _
extra long waist, two side steels on Al °" *- ell "« ft ft
each side? made with patent loop 50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, yoke of fine At *!•"".
eyelets, guaranteed perfect fitting, tucks, lined back, good muslin, will CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria silk,
regular price $1 50, reduced to $1. be offered at 50c each. lined, will be offered at $1.
». ■ ■
UU Murphy Building, / , mi* Murphy Building, / Ulljf Murphy Building, sJf
..:. Met and Jones Streets. Mar_et aid Jones Streets. Market it Jones Streets-. ' ■
STATEMENT STATEMENT STATEMENT
OP THE . ■ OF THE OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE OP THE '-' — OF THE .'
FRANKFORT Bavarian Lloyd Marine TRADERS'
Marie Mint anfl. Plate Glass insurance company insurance company,
rt--imui- (-wwTiT.w nvrvtw <nvrr»AV r\F CHICAGO, IN THE STATE OP IL.LINOI3,
lIICIIRAIIPC PnMDANV oof DpcSr A D 1»95 »n1 to the ye»r Uon the :«st day of December, A. D. 1895, and
mn.innor nf iiio (-,,..„ nf i •aiitnrnia nui-Hnaiit to Insurance Commissioner of the s>tate of 1 allfor-
f\F FRANKKORT-ON-THE-MAIN, GER- B^".^nlot^\lnJklO»^«l^^hX ««••, Pareuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
I ) many, on the 31st. day of December, A. D. Kr^e condensed v per b?ank Turnished by 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
1895, and for the year enciinsr on that day, as "£, commissioner. ■ *«_»_•_•- "' turnl__ed by the commissioner.
niade to the Insurance Commissioner of the state ' « CAPITAL
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec- CAPITAL,. ~*__ __«._*.
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed Amount of Capital Stock, paid op In Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In „.,„___■
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner. Ca5_....T.....T.........!.7.........T?250,000 00 Cash. $500,000 00
CAPITAL. ASSET 3. : ASSETS. — —
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up n».i E»t«tP nwnmi hv Comnanv 8120 918 45 Beal Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
incash .$ 312,500 00 Loa^ufon Bond a_d MonS"e y :::::: $ 2250 00 Loans on Bond and Mortgage........ 223,660 00
- ,■= c_ ah Morirpf Vniimnf PsTocks "and JIJOOOU Cash Market. Value of all Stocks ana
ASSKTS. Caa BonQ, "wned by Company. !..f 138.170 61 . Bonds ownea by Company 1,318,3.9 55
Real estate owned by company $43,750 00 Cash in (ompany's Office 1150 00 Am ??'£?i^l*J££ c ™ e A*£J?^ ■■■
Loans on bond and mortgage ..... 604,325 00 Cash in Banks. 70,607 48 of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar- ._,____
Cash market value of a,, stocks and Interest duo and accrued on all Stocks - * c , l > *?££!£" r i,l %mr* ?'_^ n2
bonds owned by company 135,14135 and Loans 2,258 42 Cash In Company s Office 7 HS? _£
Amount of loans secured by pledge Premiums in due Course of Collec- Vn ™ *Sr_"i_i" *_<_il_ii"__l**_ii ' 7^' dol *"»
of bonds, stocks and other mar- tion 366,542 69 Interest due and accrued on all
ketable securities as collateral....- 675 00 Bills receivable, not Matured, taken Tn f_t_L f / " »n« «^r\^k"W^"KkWA'. '■• D'Ho-OO
Cash in company's office ""- •- 6,52.00 rFire and Marine Risks. • 22.612 62 Interest dap and accrued on Bonds , 3>9 _o 97
Cash in banks 128 047 44 ■ and Mortgages 3,929 97
Interest, due and" accrued' "on" "J Totalassets $724,508 17 Premiums in due Course of Collec- __
p£m,um a D O dueV6urse"of-coU-ec: ' ™ INABILITIES. = ;g!o_^&^?S__3_S*S
Due from' other' companies ' f^ses Adjusted and unpaid. 1 vanced .IIMBSIO
insurance on .osses already paid.. ._j^3_9B_o_2B . I .^ *^°f .*} * 81 - 250 00 Total a55et........... .$1,747,269 82
Total outfit* «l 144 840 75 Losses resisted, including expenses J ' -
Totalassets.... ,$1,144,«4U To Grosg premlum ' s on Marine and In- ■ LIABILITIES.
LIABILITIES. Ln n ee lTO^Mnt. RlakSl relMnr " 26 235 20 Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,636 16
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...... $125,53100 Gross premium, on Marine Time " **»« process of Adjustment or 44 846 76
Gross premiums on marine and in- Bisks, reinsurance 50 per cent.... 73,764 80 josses resisted iiV'-'lndine'einenses'* 21,465 90
land navigation risks, $ , re- _ - All Other Demands Against the Com- „ Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run- 2M65 °°
insurance 100 per cent 23,806 50 P»ny 271,855 01 mr J_ one year or ■ less, $521,-
Gross premiums on . marine tlnre . Tnt.i n«hiiifi_« -..- ln . m 394 23, re-insurance 50 percent. 260,697 11
risks; $ -, reinsurance 50 per annKnnK Total liabilities $453,105 01 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
cent 22,05925 «!--._-_< *• ning more than one year, $359,-
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... . 43 75 INCOME. 899 1-, reinsurance pro rata.... 201,306 64
Pension fund 7,44016 Net Cash actually received for Marine All other demands against the Corn-
-1 All other demands against the com- Premiums.... $594,637 97 p_ny » 17,613 34
i pany..... 107,081 Received for interest and dividends _
■ Liability under accident and plate on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from Total liabilities $568.-65 91
I glass departments 198,825 42 , all other sources 12,948 18
I Received from all other sources. 928 61 INCOME.
•lOtal liabilities $484.787 20 1 . „ , _",' -
: - Total income.. $(508,414 76 Net Cash actually received for *'">„_„
... r ,iMi' - - — — — - premiums $669,379 9S
Ull " ral " ' FvppvnTTnßP« Received for Interest on Bonds and
Net cash actually received for acci- EXPEMDITUBES. Mortgages 14,706" 17
dent and plate glass premiums $460,817 01 Net amount paid for Marine Losses Received for interest and dividends
Ketcash actually received for marine (including $55,000 losses of pre- ■■-■*■ on Bonds, Storks, Loans, and
premiums -11,99861 vlous years) $406,653 65 from all other sources 66.644 43
Received for Interest and dividends . Paid or allowed for Commission or wnßßfafrr. : ■ —
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from . Brokerage ;.".; 27,411 67 Total income.. $740,730 63
all other sources 28,904 10 paid for Salaries, fees and other
Received from all other sources 42,37 d 25 ' charges for officers, clerks, etc... 34,765 61 EXPENDITURES.
Total .c0me...... 17 Paid for State, National and local 2,177 23 v.t .-nnm ™m for Flr(> l/i«i>»Mn.
Total income $834.096_17 taxes _,m«8 Net c 3_f f 64 244 34 [ossfs of^£
EXPENDITURES. V! Total expenditures. $471,008 11 f 7den_s foStoc_ho!ders::::::::::: * 'toioOO 00
nut nmnnnt. nnld for arridpnt and • aid or allowed tor Commission or
_late_?_s. losses (inclSdlnß »-— HANS PABST, President. Brokerage.... 107,048 10
losses o ' nrevTonsv ■?. * 105 605 72 MAX VOGEL, Secretary. Paid for Salaries, fees and other
Net^mouJTpaid for marine 'loss' ■*.. 3O8,o"_2O Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 11th ■ , charges for officers clerks, etc.. 67,612 00
Dividends Wkholdew -43 750 00 <*»? of A ri1 l ™» G .' U o TF ' Tvl , R n , Paid for State, National and local ,«, ,-„ „_
Paid or allowed for commission or RALPH STEI>ER, V. S. Consul. . 1I taxes y"";."-"^"-" "•%•.• 19 162 37
brokerage 99,79201 All other payments and expendl-
Paid for salaries, fees and other i;/ - oo ,-.  _, . _ - _,_. tures... 60,672 08
Pati^Sn-aTio^^^ai 471 °° 117 VOSS, CONRAD & CO., Total expenditure,... $643,536 78
A|r^erpaymems"_n_-:e_pe_di. *£ » GENERAL AGENTS, e^&?^3«o^ 60
lureß •• _______?___ 204 Sansome Street, San Francisco. f - - — — - .
Total expenditures $608,913 43 — '■ — bisks and premiums iFire Risks. Premium..
Losses incurred dur- ■ .- . IRON BED 3," Net amount of Risks ' -
Losses Incurred dur- . _!_,.=„»„' written during the
, ingtheyear $ $.... fcjj|i|i» BRASS BEDS,' year $57,040,874 $833,694 10
--■■■-•■■• '■-■:. ■■ ■ ** ~~ / ■- FOLDING BEDS* Net amount of Risks
Wire and Hair Mat- expired during the
bisks and fbkhiumb. Marine Risks Premiums. tresses, Iteclinin; year...... :......... 49,931,262 761,083 M
, ; Chairs, Wheel Chair* Net amount in force De-
Net amount of risks Iftfll' Commodesr«ack 553 cember 31, 1895....... | 61,472,748 911,293 35
y e r ar ten .. dn . rtnS .. tbe $118,235,422 $594,115 48 1 C fftTfflf W ' A. SCHROCK, K. BUCKINGHAM:, President.
Net amount of risks I.': "\JI/ II I 21 :■'■ R.J. SMITH, SecreUry.
expired during the **Bg__: ~^iHLsL , Now Montgomery Subscribed and sworn to before me this _6th day
year........ 70,435,413 366,13306 V •*• I 1J St., under Grand of February, 1896. -
Net amount in force ' . Motel, E. S. WHITTLESEY, Notary Public
. December 31, 1885... 2,040,027 45,865 75 - _________________________________________________________^ • :
' F. GERSON, President. ~~ ~~ : ■ ■> • '■ ~ ' ~~ '. "
P. DUMCKE, Secretary. K35-H__B_B_B-HHi-IHM--KH_H-B__H __■■ |n
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day Bl\_^B9l^^^^__^a___^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ffagHk piHOOD RESTOREOSS
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT, if^ff ~f n no8 °or B_f8 _f= 9 8 »% P e h^^^^^^
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco. I\M \<m &e^^^^
' . B Vf r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by,_ay^>r night Prevents anlrk. "
VOSS, CONRAD & CO., 1 BE^R EAti >---- / R "f, 8 ? £ l^'^barge, which if not checVed leads to Spermatorrhcßaand
VUOO, ■UUlNnrtU O4 UU., H BEFORE AMD AFTER g 1 ' the horrors of Impotency. crPl_»EnEcle__aeatheliv_r,ttS
General Manager's. ■ • kidneysandtheurinarybreansoXalUmDoritlea. .
General Managers. m r UPII>F.XE strengthens and restores small weak oTgans. ""P 1 " 1 " 6 *
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors la because ninety per cent are troubled with
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION ' B»ro_t»H«U. cnPinENElstheonly-no^nremed/tocurewithoutanoptration. 5000 testltnont
.miIWIICLL _» xt_«viiw L.UIIUH. als. A written guarantee piven and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent
- . |1.00 a bo*, six for $_00, by mail. Send for fbek circular and testimonials. *™^ eur *
RHFIJ/V\ATISM Address DAVOJ- MEDICINK CO., 1170 Market street, Ban Francisco, Cal. Fors_l«b»
"..■:■■■ •. ./'.;■■■-"-*■■■■.-■: '■-■:'. .•■.--■.,- ■ ■ ■ ..
910
LOOK OUT FOR
YOUR REGISTRATION
Things Are Different This
Year and Time Is
Already Short.
MANY WILL BE TOO LATE
Only Thirty Eight Days Left' for
Over Sixty Thousand
Citizens. •
WILL WAKE UP FOR THE BUSH
Registration Ends Three Months
Before Election and Many Will
Be Disfranchised.
There is danger that thousands of the
citizens of San Francisco will be disfran
chised this year through failure to get
their names on the great register under
the new conditions which rule registra
tion this year. This danger is being espe
cially urged by A. Ruef, chairman of the
registration committee of the State Cen
tral Committee, and by members of the
County Committee-
No citizen of this City who is not prop
erly registered nearly three months before
election day may cast his ballot on No
vember 3. The coming campaign is one
which will enlist the interest of every
voter in the land, and it is especially in
cumbent on Republican voters to see that
the power of their ballots is not lost in the
coming momentous issue through their
own negligence.
The danger described lies in the radical
change in the registration proeramme
v. men ihe mass of the citizens have not
realized. By acts of the last Legislature
registration in San Francisco now begins
160 days before the general election and
continues lor seventy-five days.
Registration at the City Hall thus oe
gan May "JT and will end August 3.
Whether or not the usual five days "of pre
cinct registration should follow has been a
disputed question owing to the uncer
tainty of the mixture of amendments to
the law, but Registrar Hinton has decided
to hold precinct registration and it is not
likely to De contested.
The fifth day of precinct registration
will be August 9 and with the close of the
books on that day the last chance of any
citizen o! San Francisco to get on the
register will be gone If his name is not
registered then he will not vote.
Voters are ?o used to the old Jaw which
allowed registration up to within a few
days of election day that tbey are just
naturally putting it off, thinking that
there is plenty of time. Many have gone
and are going away on vacation trips
which will keep them away until after
August 3, and when they come back they
will be surprised to find that they will
have no vote to cast this fall. Everybody
who is putting off registration is laying
up trouble and annoyance for himself by
waiting, for a time, very soon to come,
when he will have to take his place in a
long line when the rush comes.
Twenty-four of the seventy-five days of
central registration have «one and but 250
a day are now being registered. If this
lasts a few days longer it will become a
physical impossibility to register the ap
plicants. To register the full vote will re
quire an average of 1800 registrations a
day. This illustrates the danger and the
prospects of the rush the belated ones will
find themselves in a few days hence.
"Republicans in San Francisco must
wake up to the necessity of getting regis
tered at once," said A~. Ruef, yesterday,
"for there is danger that a great many will
be disfranchised.
"It is not generally realized that the
change in the law closes registration nearly
three months before election day, and the
voters who are used to registering along to
ward election time carelessly think. 'Oh,
well, there's plenty of time.
"But there isn't plenty of time. Twenty
four of the seventy-live days have *:one
and but about 6000 have registered. Nearly
L'OOO a day will Have to be registered from
now on to get all the voters op the regis
ter, and you can see what is coming.
"The people are thinKing that while reg
istration begins early this year it keeps up
till about the usual time, and they have
got into the habit of waiting until thirty
days or so before election. But this year
it clobes three months instead of fiftee n
days before election. This change was
made to give an opportunity to purify the
register. People are going to the country,
to be gone for weeks, a time of rushing
and crowding is near at band and all
around there is danger, and in <act a cer
tainty, that many voters will lose their
chance to vote because they have not at
tended to their registration.
"This matter is of special importance to
the Republicans, and they should be
urgod to attend at once to registration by
every possible means."
HOW REGISTRATION GOES.
The Urgency of the Situation as It
Appears at the Registrar's
Office.
There are thirty-eight days yet remain
ing in which the voters of this City may
get their names on the great register.
The citizen who fails in that cannot vote.
The register has been open now just
twenty-four days, and in that time there
have registered just 5638 voters. On the
twenty-fourth day of the registry in 1894
the total number of registrations was 10,
--647, or nearly double the number regis
tered this year.
Registrar Hinton says the reason is the
change in tbe law which requires the reg
istry to be opened and closed more than
sixty days earlier and more than that
time before tbe election. He says that
unless the voters respond to the" call to
register very much more rapidly than
they nave been doing of late it will be a
physical impossibility to register them in
the final rush. With ihe ordinary service
it would be an open question if they could
do so now were it not for precinct regis
tration. On the 3d of August the registra
tion books at the central office will be
closed and on the 4th they will be turned
over to the precinct officers. They will
conduct ihe work in the several precincts
for five days. At the end of that time the
big books will be slammed shut, not to be
opened again for the adding of any man's
name before the election, although elec
tion day will stiil be nearly three months
in the future.
Tbe ratio of registration is increasing,
but not rapidly enough to meet the situa
tion. On the first nay the books were
opened ninety-nine names were placed on
them. Yesterday tbe number registered
was 258. The total number registered to
date as stated is 5638. Registrar Hinton
estimates that the total number who
ought to register this year, based on the
statistics of past years, should be about
74.000. The total number registered in
1894 was 68,039. This being a Presidential
year the vote called out should reach 10
per cent above that figure unless the edu
cational provision of the new law should
cut the number down. With, say, 6000 in
ronnd numbers registered now and count
ing the total number who may wish to be
registered at 74,000 there remains yet to be
registered as many as were registered
altogether in 1594— 68,000— ana twenty-four
days of the period in which it may be done
are already gone.
With thirty-eight days m which to do
the work there will have to register an
average of 1800 a day. In view of the fact
that yesterday only 258 names were placed
on the book. Registrar Hinton's anxiety is
easily accounted for. In 1894, to be sure,
about a third of the total enrollment was
made in the few days of the precinct regis
tration. That will probably be the case
this year, but even then the work to be
done" may be more than can be done.
There are twenty-eight men now em
ployed in the offices of the Registrar.
They are not very busy — at least the men
in the registry booths are not. They
should be kept busy by applicants for
registry.
Speaking of the educational qualification
Mr. Hinton says there is likely to be some
misconception. The law requires that
every voter shall be able to read the con
stitution, except — that is the pomt — every
voter except those who were 60 years of
age on the 4th of November, 1884, and all
those who were registered and therefore
qualified to vote that year.
All persons who are in doubt about elec
tion matters this year will have only to
ask Senator P. J. Murphy, who is in
charge of the information bureau in the
Registrar's office, and have the doubts
cleared up.
TO SWELL THE RANKS.
Sons of the American Kevolution Will
Join in the Patriotic Demonstra
tions on the Fourth.
A stated meeting of the California
Society of the Sons of the American
Revolution will be held in their rooms
July 4, beginning at 8 a. m.
By invitation they will assemble in the
rotunda of the Palace Hotel at 9:30 a. m.
and march thence for the position in the
line assigned by the nT&ud marshal.
An amendment to the by-laws making
the initiation fee $3 has been adopted.
The deaths of Compatriots B. F. Wil
liams and W. H. Dimond, major-general
in command of the National Guard of
California, were made, with expressions of
deep regret at the loss sustained by the
society.
The following were elected by the board
of managers members of the society at the
meetings held April 19 and June 20:
John Charles B. Rutherford, Carlton W.
Greene, Chester L. Smith, Benjamin F. Wil
liams, Frank B. Ladd, Franklin B. Washing
ton, William E. Greene, Charles S. Greene,
Josinh B. Warder, Franklin D. Williams,
Franklin H. Day.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN,
Entries and Handicaps for the
San Franciscos' Road
Race Sunday.
Opening of the New Track at Niles.
Golden Gate Club Elects
Officers.
The entries and handicaps for the San
Francisco Road Club's five-mile race from
San Leandro to Haywards next Sunday
afternoon have been announced as fol
lows:
J. A. Love, A. & Webb, J. M. Uri, 2 mm.; W.
H. Pray. William McGonigle, 1:45; E. Liver
more, *A. H. Wc-he, 11. Zimmerly, 1:30; R. B.
McClunie, B. A. Fanning, Max Meyer, A. M.
Choynski, 1 :15; C. Murphy, L. H. Washburn.
B. M. Fanning, If. Lundon, 1 :00; J. O'Maliey,
L. Sittenheim, M. A. Farnsworth, R. Robinson,
H. A. >riediander, 45 sec; L. E. Pels, Guy
Frost, 3O sec; C. Ackerman, C. Goodwin, G.
M. Hamlin, scratch.
The race will start promptly at 2 o'clock.
Captain Pixley has called a run of the
members to witness the event, and the
Bay City Wheelmen's race the same day.
leaving the clubrooins at 8 o'clock. He
has also arranged a series of runs for next
month, going to Petaluma July 3, 4 and
5, to San Jose Saturday evening, July 11,
and to Congress Springs from there the
next day, and to Eddys Island July 2»3.
The Garden City Cyclers will have their
first annual barbecue run next Sunday to
Stevens Creek under Captain O'Brien.
This will be made an annual event for
members hereafter.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
to San Leandro next Sunday under acting
Captain George Dixon, taking the 9 a. m.
creek route boat. The members will have
a ten-mile handicap race on the triangle
on their arrival there.
Byron D. Bent of the Bay City Wheel
men will start awheel for Los Angeles
next Sunday. David Marshall of the
same club has just returned from a week's
trip through Marin and Sonoma counties, |
and Arthur Lundberg starts in a few days |
for the Yosemite Valley. The Bay Citys
will have a joint run with the Olympic
Cyclers to Petaluma Friday evening, July
3, by steamer Gold, leaving at 5:30 p. m.
The opening of the Niles Athletic Club's
new live-lap bicycle track will be auspi
ciously celebrated by a race meet next
Saturday. A number of riders from this
City will enter the lists to compete for the
prizes; the events are all amateur.
Detailed information may be had by
addressing the secretary. J. C. Briscoe, at
Niles. The club will hold an open race
meeting on Saturday, July 18.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club has
elected the following officers: H. Witt,
president; A. Weber, vice-president; P. J.
Hyde, secretary ; A. Lewis, treasurer; B.
BfacK, sergeant-at-arms; J. Black, cap
tain; William Madden, first lieutenant;
L, H. Hewelcke, second lieutenant. Cap
tain Black has called a run for next Sun
day to Mayfield to attend the barbecue
and road races there. J. W. Miller and
James Mclntyre have been elected mem-
Ders.
Charley Wells, the champion profes
sional racer of the coast, who went East to
follow the National racing circuit, has
again been obliged to stop riding owing to
illness. He is now at Hot Springs, Ark.,
where he will remain for two or three
weeks.
Captain Fawcett of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and Captain Ramage of the
Santa Rosa Wheelmen are arranging a
joint club run for next Sunday to San
Mateo. The Olympics will hold a five
mile road race the same day from San Ma
teo to San Carlos.
FOURTH-STREET CAR LINE.
Within a Month Tt Will Be Converted
Into an Electric Road.
Within a month the streetcar line now
operated on Fourth street will be con
verted into an electric line and become a
link of the Ellis street.
A large force will be put on the line be
tween Market street and the southern ter
minus at Third and Townsend streets on
Monday and the change made as rapidly
as possible. It is expected to take about a
week.
Streetcar traffic will be suspended along
Fourth street on Monday, and the horse
cars now running along Montgomery,
Market and Fourth streets will run only
between JPost and Montgomery streets and
Kearny and Jackson.
The Fourth-street line will be. extended
across Market and into Ellis, making a
continuous line from the Park to the
Southern Pacific depot at Third and
Townsend streets.
Bis Right Arm Crushed.
John Maben, a machinest in the Fulton Iron
Works, got his right arm caught in a' rapid
return planer yesterday afternoon, and it was
badly crushed. He was taken to the Receiving
HosDital, and as it was seen there was no
chance of saving the arm it will be amputated
to-day, near the shoulder.
Burglars Convicted.
William White and Frank Dolan were con
victed of burglary in Judge Belcher's court
yesterday. They broke into a vacant honse iv
South Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
LUCKY BALDWIN
BEING GRILLED,
Attorney Criftenden Makes
Things Interesting for
the Defendant.
A MUCH MARRIED MAN.
Lillian's Alleged Betrayer Tells
of His Many Wed
dings.
HE DENIES AIL HER CHARGES.
The Millionaire Hotel and Horse Man
Says Miss Ashley Successfully
Resisted His Blandishments.
E. J. Baldwin's troubles commenced
yesterday afternoon, when Miss Ashley's
attorney began probine into the liasons of
the man of luck. During the forenoon
THE AGED DEFENDANT ON THE WITNESS-STAND.
Baldwin found all extremely agreeable.
His counsel held the reins, and they drove
the case in pleasant ways for the defend
ant. One by one Henry E. Highton re
counted tbe allegations of the plaintiff
and her witnesses, and Baldwin speci
fically and generally denied everything.
Little more than monosyliablic nega
tives were required by him, and only oc
casionally he threw in a few words of ex
planation or extra vehement denial. Such
occasions were when reference was made
to Miss Ashley having referred to him as
"papa." Baldwin didn't like the idea
that his relations to tbe frail Lillian had
ever been paternal, and at every such ref
erence he waxed eloquent in denial.
The defendant was shown a number of
letters, which have heretofore been pub
lished, and he was requested to explain
certain references in them. One of these
was the one wherein he said he had for
gotten her last name, as she always signed
her letters L. A. A. The witness said he
nad written this simply as an excuse for
not writing. He explained a statement in
one of his letters, to tne effect that he had
been short of cash atl winter, ap an excuse
for not sending her money to go to school.
"She asked me to give her money to go
to school with," he said, "and I told ber I
would see. I never made any promise."
While Baldwin was describing his visit
to Miss Ashley's room at the Baldwin she
laid her head on a table and sobbed bit
terly. By afternoon she had apparently
regained her composure. Once when
Baldwin was going into the details of his
relations with Miss Ashley she laid her
head on the table, but to those nearest her
something very like a smile seemed to be
playing about her countenance.
At the afternoon session of tbe court
Baldwin was handed over to the not very
tender mercies of Attorney Critt?nden.
The latter commenced his investigation at
the genesis of the defendant's career. He
traced his steps from the date of his birth
until the opening of the present suit. Par
ticular attention was directed to Baldwin's
operations as a canal-boat proprietor at
Racine, Wis.
The searching nature of these questions
caused the defendant to exclaim testily:
"I never ran away or cheated anybody out
of anything. I'm not ashamed of it."
He referred to Newt Killip, the local
auctioneer who was then in his employ, to
prove bis statement of his integrity as a
canal man.
"Did you know a man at Los Angeles
named Gregory?" nsked Crittenden.
Highton objected successfully to the
question and Crittenden tried another
tack. He asked Baldwin if he had ever
paid a man named Gregory $5000 to testify
falsely in a suit for seduction brought
against him by Louise Wilson. An
objection to this question was also over
ruled. Crittenden persevered in attempt
ing to get the witness to answer substan
tially the same question until Judge Slack
warned him he had enough of the matter.
Baldwin's matrimonial career was then
gone into at length. It is an eventful
story In four chapters, but the continuity
of the narrative was badly marred by the
defendant's faulty memory. He couldn't
remember just where he was married the
first time. He knew it was somewhere in
South Bend, but explained that he had
never had any occasion to recollect the
exact location of tbe ceremony. He was
aiso unable to recollect within five years
of when his first wife died. His sec
ond wife. Mary Cocnran, he married
in San Francisco. He was divorced'
from her about 1874 or 1875 Bnd
didn't know wnere she was now located.
Miss Virginia Dexter was tne maiden
name of nis next helpmeet. He married
her in San Francisco also and was under
the impression her demise occcurred six
teen or seventeen years ago. It was twelve
or thirteen years ago that he married his
present wife, who was then Miss Lillie
Bennet. He was unable to tell the exact
date or even the year of the wedding.
"Where was your wife in June, 1893?"
asked Crittenden.
Baldwin said she was at 1217 California
street in this City all of that month to the
best of his knowledge.
Baldwin was then asVed in regard to
some woman with a small girl whom he
was alleged to have been traveling with as
his wife and her sister. He denied that
there ever were any such characters, but
admitted that he had pointed out to Miss
Ashley at the St. Louis racecourse a little
pirl whom he described as his wife's sister.
"I never saw the little girl before," he de
clared, "and the statement was absolutely
untrue."
The witness was questioned at length in
regard to his interview with Miss Ashley
at that time. The trend of the questions
was to show that Baldwin had taken Miss
Ashley into the grand stand and had there
had a conversation with her in the pres
ence of Anderson, a former employe. This
Baldwin denied. He said his conversation
with Miss Ashley occurred in front of the
clubhhouse and did not occupy more than
fifteen minutes. He asked Miss Ashley
what she was doing there and she said she
had telegraphed for money and he had
failed to send it. She wanted funds where
with to go to Boston. Baldwin gave her
$40.
The trip to Hotel Coronado was next ex
ploited. Lillian's attorney was particu
larly eager to know at whose instance the
plaintiff was registered as Baldwin's
daughter. The defendant said the matter
had been talked over between them and
they had agreed that was the better way.
"At 66 years of age, proprietor of one of
the largest hotels in the City, you went to
one of the most respectable hotels in the
State and registered yourself and this lady
f;il«ply for immoral purposes?" asked Crit
tenden, in withering tones.
Highton endeavored to shield his wit
ness with an objection, but nis Honor ae
cided the question was admissible.
Baldwin said that was what he had
done.
Several questions were asked the wit
ness in regard to his having ordered a
nurse of a liveryman at Coronado. Bald
win insisted that he had ordered it for
•'.M Nh Ashley."
Criitenden asked him if he was sure it
was not "my daughter" he sajd, but Bald
win was certain, because he afterward
thought he had made a mistake in using
her name. Incidentally, Baldwin re
marked that he didn't wish her to go
riding that day, anyway. He didn't
think she looked well on a horse, and be
sides it was Sunday.
On closer questioning, however, he had
j some doubts as to whether it was Sunday,
but his faith in Lillian's poor appearance
as an equestrienne could not be shaken.
When adjournment was had for the day
Crittenden had rev«rted to the question as
to whose was the suggestion that Miss
Ashley pass as Baldwin's daughter. He
was endeavoring to show by letters that
Baldwin suggested such a course before
Lillian arrived in California. The case
will be continued this mornine.
MRS, STANTON WINS.
Judge Morrow Decides That She Did
Not Infringe on Dr. Simmt'
Copyright.
Judge Morrow, acting as Circuit Judge,
rendered a decision yesterday in the case
of Dr. Joseph Simms against Mary O.
Stanton, Frank M. Pixley and the San
Francisco News Company for infringement
on certain copyrights.
It appears that in 1872-73 Simms wrote
two books on physiognomy, and in 1879
Mrs. Stanton issued similar publications.
Six momhs ago Simms instituted suit
against Mrs. Stanton and others claiming
that they were literary pirates. The doc
tor asked for an injunction against further
infringement and incidentally demanded
several thousand dollars' damages. Judge
Morrow, in his decision, covered twenty
six typewritten pages, going carefully
over the more recent copyright decisions.
In conclusion he said:
It is my opinion that while the respondent
did consult and use complainant's works she
has not drawn from them to a substantial de
gree; that, such utility as she did make may
properly come within the designation of fair
use; that as to other features of these rival
works common to all of the works of that char
acter she obtained these from other sources
than complainant's works and to which the
latter had no copyright; in other words, I am
not satisfied that respondent's literary efforts
are not the result for the most part of her own
independent thought and studies and research.
The bills will therefore be dismissed.
Orange Shipments.
Shipments of oranges for the season of 1895
--96 will fall about 1000 carloads short of those
of the previous year. During 1894-95, when
the season ended on August 31, there was
moved to through Eastern points 6734 loaded
cars and 1025 loads were carried to local
Pacific Coast points. Up to June 15 this year
5795 loads have gone East and 741 to local
Pacific Coast points. It is estimated that not
to exceed 200 carloads will be moved up to
August 31, thus leaving this year's shipments
about 1000 loads short of last year. This is a
better showing than expected in view of the
heavy frost that visited the southern citrus
* section early m the season.
WHY HE VOTED TO
OUST FLOURNOY.
Ex-Director Thornton Gives
His Various Rea
sons.
CONSIDERED INCAPABLE
Flournoy Said to Have Made
Himself "Personally Ob
noxious."
LOOSE METHODS ARE DISCLOSED
Expenses of Trips by Rank Officers
for Which No Vouchers
Were Kept.
The testimony of ex-Director Thornton
of the People's Bank was the interesting
feature of yesterday's session in the trial
of the Sale Deposit Company against the
officers of the bank. Thornton is by pro
fession a commercial traveler, but would
seem to have considerable knowledge of
what constitutes legal ability, for he was
willing to base his endeavors to remove
Attorney Flournoy as attorney of the
bank merely upon his opinion that Flour
noy was incompetent.
Then there were other reasons. Flour
noy had made himself "personally obnoxi
ous" to Thornton and that was the last
straw. Thornton denied that he had
voted to oust Flournoy to avoid calling in
the unpaid capital stock, although it was
common talk at the time that such was
the case. As on.c of the stockholders the
payment of the unpaid stock would be
against Thornton's interests, but that did
not cut any figure, he claimed.
M. H. Grossmeyer testified that in Janu
ary, 1894, he had demanded of General
Sheehan certain information about tbe
meetings of the directors and that the gen
eral had refused, saying that he would not
give information for Grossmeyer to use
against his management of the bank. Tbe
witness had made the request upon Shee
han at the instance of himself, the stock
holders and to some extent the Safe De
posit Company.
General Sheehan was recalled to testify
in regard to his expenses on his trip south
in the fall of 1894 to examine the bank's
property. The expense of the trip, $186 50,
represented railroad fare, hotel bills and
buggy nire. He did not have any vouch
ers for the various items and, so far as he
remembered, did not make any itemized
account of his expenses upon his return.
Similar trips made by himself. General
Thornton and colonel Stone were also in
quired into.
I. L. Merrill testified that he also had
made a demand upon General Sheehan in
January, 1895, for an itemized account of
the general's expenses on his various trips
but iiad failed to get it.
General Sheehan was questioned in
regard to tbe attorneys' fees paid out by
i him. From May 1, 1894, to January 14,
1895, he had paid out in the neighborhood
of $7500, which be believed was reasonable.
During that time he bad also paid f3339 50
to employes. During this period the
depositors had not received any money
from the bank. Sheehan declared that
the employes kept by the bank during
that time were absolutely needed. He
bad employed tuem, he said, upon the
order of the Bank Commissioners, but he
had no written order from them to that
effect. All amounts he had paid Out he
honestly believed to be just. During all
the time he had been at the bead of the
banK he had never done anything with
intent to further his own interests as
against those of tbe bank's creditors.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Attorney-General Fitzgerald was put on
the stand. The Bank Commissioners re
ported to him the taiiure of the directors
of the People's Bank to comply with the
order to call in the capital stock and he
was requested to take steps in the matter.
The directors, be said, could have been
proceeded against either civilly or crimi
nally. He advised the Bank Commission
ers to order the stock to be called in.
This advice had been given at the sugges
tion of Attorney Bartnett and the Attor
ney-General thought it the best course, be
cause it would not require any court pro
ceedings. A protracted argument here
ensued between the opposing counsel rela
tive to the admission of the following let
ter from Bank Commissioner Magee to the
Attorney-General, whicn Judge Seawell
finally refused to admit:
Office of "i
Board of Bank Commissioners, I
530 California Street. f.
San Francisco, Oal.. May 2S, 1896. J
ITcm. M*. F. Eitzgtrald, Attonuy-General, San
Francisco, Cal.—r Dkar Sir: Wnercas the Board
of Bank Commissioners, under section 11 of the
bank act, have the general supervision of all
banks in liquidation; and by virtue of such
authority tho People's Home Savings Bank,
being insolvent and in liquidation, is sub
ject to and under control of the commission;
and by further provision of law authority is
invested in any one or more of the commis
sion at any time during the liquidation of
said bank to petition the court to remove any
or all the board ot directors, if in the opinion
of any one of said commission evidence of
fraud", malversation, criminal carelessness or
negligence is found to exist, and that any of
them are not the proper persons to be entrust
ed with the closing of the affairs and business
of the corporation in the interest of the depos
itors, creditors and stockholders thereof;
And whereas, it appears and is the opinion
of one of the Commissioners (your corre
spondent) that some of the allegations in the
complaintNo. 45210 filed in the case, "The
People of the State of California, the com
plaint of W. H. Knight etal., plaintiffs, vs.
People's Home Savings Bank, defendants; Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
plaintiffs, vs. S. K. Thornton et al., de
fendants," as alleged therein are true;
And that the affairs and business of such
corporation are not being closed with such
dispatch and interest as might be done and as
the law provides shall be done in the interest
of all parties concerned;
That in my opinion it would be for the in
terests of said bank to form a new directory,
and to that end submit the matter to you for
your consideration. Very respectfully,"
H. W. Magee, Bank Commissioner.
A. F. Johns was wanted atthis junctuie,
but wae not present. Deputy Sheriff
Richardson swore he had served a subpena
upon him, and, upon Attorney Bart
nett's application, Judge Seawell ordered
an attachment to be issued for Johns'
arrest.
S. K. Thornton, who was one of the
directors of tbe bank, took the stand.
He was a director at the time of the re
moval of Attorney Flournoy and had
favored his removal. He had also spoken
of the matter to N. P. Taylor, an old
friend of his, who had just been elected to
the board of directors. He had not told
Taylor that a petition of over 2000 de
positors, including the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company, representing
claims of over $727,000, had 'been pre
sented asking for the continuation of
Flournoy as attorney.
Thornton declared that he believed the
reason given at the time for the removal
of Flournoy.
Thornton had at first opposed the call
ing in of the capital stock, but had later
lavored it. His change of attitude, he
declared, bad been 'due to a change of
mind in regard to what his duty was. He
had not done so because of any threat of
the Attorney-General to bring suit to re
move the board of directors unless they
called in the stock.
Thornton had made trips examininß
bank property. On several trips he had
incurred considerable expense, but had
received nothing from the banks. Later,
when a resolution of the board of directors
requested him to return some $45 which
be had received previously for attending
meetings of the board, he had refused to
on the grounds that he had incurred more
than twice that much expense on his trips
for tbe bank.
Thornton had worked for Flournoy s re
moval, he said, not as the result of a con
spiracy to prevent the calling in of the
capital stock, but because he thought
Flournoy incompetent. Flournoy, he de
clared, had made himself personally ob
noxious to Thornton and other directors,
and often refused to recognize them when
he passed them by. Thornton had also
taken exception to Flournoy's legal ad
vice upon various occasions. Further
more, Flournoy hid disobeyed the board
of directors, and had declared beforehand
that he would not obey them.
A. F. Johns, for whom an attachment
had been issued, drifted in a few minutes
after the order of Judge Seawell tiad been
made. At the conclusion of Thornton 8
testimony he was put on the stand to tell
of his connection with the collection from
the bank of an assessment pressed by the
Kings River Reclamation District.
Johns had acted as a*broker in the mat
ter, having got the claim for Judge Den
son, the agent of the district. Johns had
told Watt that he was negotiating with
Judge Denson and had also told Watt if
there was any discount in the matter he
(Johns) wanted it.
At the conclusion of to-day's session
Judge Seawell announced that he would
give Monday and Tuesday of next week
for the tr;al before taking his summer va
cation. Attorney Bartnett has only three
more witnesses and as Judge Carpenter
promises a very weak defense it is prob
able that by Tuesday night the evidence
will be all* in. To expedite matters the
trial will be taken up at half pa*t 9 in
stead of 10 o'clock on Monday morning.
Hugo Toland Assign*.
Hugo Toland has assigned for value received
to E. C. Dozier and W. B. Pressly all of his in
terest in the estate of Mary B. Toland, de
ceased, whether as heir at law or legatee, in
excess of 34000. The document, placed on
file in the Recorder's office yesterday, states
that $3000 had already been assigned to Louis
Sloss and that the sum of $1000 has been re
tained by the assignor.
• — ♦— •
The two volcanoes in Iceland are adver
tised for S3le in a Copenhagen Daper. The
price asked is about £150.
NEW TO-DAT.
GLOOMORGLORY
Some Choose the Former and Go
Through Life Complaining.
Others Choose the Latter, and Are Full j
of Vim, Vivacity and -Manly Vigor, j
Which Injures Success in Business
and the Fullest Enjoyment of All I
Privileges and lavors Vouchsafed i
By Nature.
Some of.ie has said that "man is born cry- i
ing, lives complaining, and dies disappoint- 1
cd." This is true in a great many cases. It I
is true that most of us come into this'
world crying, a condition not easily avoid-
ed, but the man who permit? himself to go
through life complaining and finally
DIES DISAPPOINTED
has, at a general rule, no one to blame for
it but himself. He may be silently brood-
ing over some secret trouble that destroys
conjugal love, that tends to separate hus-
band and wife. Or his liver may be torpid
and inactive, which not infrequently pro-
duces constipation, biliousness, and at times
perhaps a melancholy condition of the
mind. Or he may be dyspeptic, his diges-
tion greatly impaired if not almost entirely
destroyed, as is sometimes so. by chronio
catarrh. Or a terrible syphilitic disease
may be working its way through his sys-
tem nd into his blood and bones. Or his :
c.. , ear, beau, wiroat, lungs, heart, blad- '
der, kidneys or urinary organs may be in-
juriously aff cted, or some private or sex-
ual disease may distress or vex him. Be-
cause of these or similar ailments millions
go through life complaining, and ulti-
mately die disappointed in reaching, that
degree of success and happiness which,
under other conditions of health, they
might have easily attained. Tni* may be
your own lot. Then why do you continue
to suffer and sink? If you want to get
well, to enjoy life, to achieve success in the '
world, to have your
AMBITION GRATIFIED
why not go to a specialist whose great rep-
utation is a sufficient guarantee of a prompt
and perfect cure of every case he under-
takes ? One personal visit to his office is
preferred, bntif you live away from San
Francisco and cannot conveniently call
upon Doctor Sweany, sit down and write
him your troubles in detail. Tell him all
in sacred confidence, and he will not only
qualify you for the pleasures, duties and
responsibilities of sturdy manhood, but
•will give you a new lease on life. To you
he offers the best, most scientific, success-
ful treatment. H« offers you twenty-five
years of experience, a lifetime of study
and research.. The Doctor's hours for con-
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12 !
A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays i
from 10 to 12 A. If. only. Address
F L SWFANY M n 737 Markets,..
f. L. OIBLnm, ffl. Ui. San Francisco. C*l
NOTICE TO rSHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as. are, supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose 10 erect on the seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying in. the stream
will be Informed at, the above office, at the time of
making such applications; from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given in all cases, and applications
will be filled.at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 r. m. daily, Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise ■.-■...
By order of the Board of Directors.
. ■-. PELHAM W.AMES, Secretary.
Writ's liiian-TegetalilePils
Are acknowledged by 'thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cura
Crossman's SDeciflc Mixtor^
With this remedy persons can cure themselves i
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change in application to business. The medicina !
contains nothing that is of the least injury w!h2
constitution. A*k your druggist I« iu Trfi^l *
■ ■ ■ . ■ ■' '* ■
HEW TO-X>AY2
""statement™
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVBA
Fire ail Life Insurance Comgany
/VF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, OX THI' 31ST
0 day of December. A. D. 1895. and for the year
i end in c on tnat d«y, as made to the Insurance Com-
i mlss°ouerof th- State of California, pursuant to
Senrovisioni of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
fitftalS condensed as per blank furnish*! by
the Commissioner.
CAPITA!..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
in cash • $533.334 33
v . ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $742, 55S S3
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,989,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
Donds owned by company. 1,607,(54» Jt»
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 752,653 48
Cash in company's office oqn eS« kt
Cash in banks... ,•• 230,6b6 b7
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 09,466 <8
Premiums In due course of collec- o _ "_. ri
tion •■•• 3S '< !04 °*
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 148, b»- B a
Due from other companies ii*,6K>& la
Total assets. $5,802,456 88
LIABILITIES. ~ .
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense .• ipwd.aoj j*
Gross premiums on flre risks run- 1
nlng one year or less, reinsur- |
ance 50 per cent ! 421,400 58
Gross premiums on tire risks run- j
ning more than one year, rein- j
surance pro rara ...J „_„_„
Liability under life department.. . 3,818,829 01
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com-
pany 228,235 41
Total liabilities. 4,568,451 16
INCOME. .
.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums. 169,325 19
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 414,389 65
Received for life insurance pre-
miums.. 659.947 39
Total Income. $2,143,662 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $583,502 59
! Dividends to stockholders. :...... 32,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 315,049 61
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for oiHcers, clerks, etc ... 157,556 59
A1 tvr O es h< : 1 :. Pft men . t3 . . ann . e XP nd !:_l 035 : 952_67
Total expenditures. $2,124.091 49
! risks ,1 premiums. i Fire Risks, j Premiums.
'■ Net amount of risks , \;^l
written during the
year $363,521,590 $1,659,334 51
! Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 171,674,582 747,924 61
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895. 161,354,999 ! 421,400 58
~™ ~ T. KD LEVISBUN, Vice-President.
M. OLBERS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Bth day
of April, 1896.
GUDM. AKERMAKK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
J 407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN-FItAXCISCO.
! STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
lire Insurance Company \
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1885. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the state
of California, 1 pursuant to the provisions of sec-
lions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ... $255,014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,101,254 13
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 789,916 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable Securities as collateral.. 65,200 00
Cash in Company's Office 11,552 84
Cash In Banks .75,383 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 624 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,695 79
Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion... 91.616 51
] Rents due and accrued 1,105 65
I Ground Rents well secured 6,320 00
Total assets $2,409,584 53
LIAKILITIKS. ~~~
j Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,556 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 122,549 85
Losses resisted, including expenses. - 28,128 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $967,-
-219 08. reinsurance 50 percent. 478,609 64
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning more than one year, $890,-
-217 11, reinsurance pro rata.... 374,248 41
Amount reclaims ble by the Insured
on Perpetual Flre Insurance
i policies 563,632 17
Commissions and Brokerage due and . .
to become due 13,742 41
Total liabilities $1,600,466 64
INCOME. -— ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. :.. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 69,485 06
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
miums. 5,192 92
Received from all other sources . 8,921 05
Total income...... $1,298,840 76
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including £206.392 31 losses of.
previous years) $826,672 70
Dividends to stockholders 27,600 00
I Paid or allowed for Commission or
; Brokerage 213,185 64
j Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc... 103,760 00
Paid for state, National and local •
, taaes 32,093 97
All other Payments and expendi-
tures. : 100,993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,195 37
Flre Losses incurred
during the year.... $790,614 50
BISKS AND PBK-
. Kiuifs. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written dur-
ing the year $114,799,046 $1,460,028 78
Net- amount of ■ .-■.' ■'-
Risks expired dur-
ing the year....... 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in • ■
fore* December ; •
31. 1895.. 1 146.568,897 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD MARIS, Secretary, f ...
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
of January, 1896.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ff ■ BJ| 111 * laxative refreshing Mi
I A IffS U X frnit lozenge,
iniflrtll very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION .'
!____ _ ___ hemorrhoids, bile, .
lUn| T M loss of appetite, gastric an«
In ! 1 r 13 intestinal troubles and -
j■ ■■ ■•. ■ *■■-■■ - headache arising
BeESSSsW<S; from them.
ADII I All E - GRILLON,
un I LLD N a safe AiasM?*HISTORY OF THE
PHŒNIC CLUB
Its Grand Appearance in
the Recent Ratifi
cation.
CURRY AN ORGANIZER.
By His Magnetism He Rises
Into Power and Promi
nence.
OTHER ABLE ASSISTANTS.
The. Executive Officers Generally Sus
tained by the Club Mem
bers.
Thus? of our citizens who -watched the
Republican procession as it passed up
Market street last Saturday night were
impressed with the Bplendid appearance
The Originator (C. F. Curry) and the Principal Officers of the Phoenix Republican Club, Organized in
1890 and Now Kindled Into Activity for the Campaign of 1896.
of the Phoenix Club as that body of men
marched four abreast behind a band of
music which discoursed patriotic airs.
The Phoenix Club in some sense is very
much like the fabulous bird from which it
derives its name.
It has, aince its origin, risen up with
that spontaneity accredited to the bird of
mythology. Within a few weeks the
Phoenix Club assumed shape and be
came one of the living forces about to ex
ercise its power and influence in the com
ing campaign.
In 1890 the Phoenix Club first made its
appearance as a political factor in the
Republican ranks. Its creation is due to
Charles Forrest Curry, a young man, a
native of this City, and one of those en
dowed with the qualities of a leader.
Mr. Curry believes in the principles of
the Republican party, and with this be
lief there is no such thing as shaking
his loyalty to the party or the party
leaders.
The qualities possessed by this young
man brought bim to the front with
his youthful friends and they urged
his nomination before the leaders of the
party for the office of Recorder in 1886.
But* the tden leader, W. T. Higgins,
thought him too young for such a
responsible office as that of Recorder
for a big city iike San Francisco. But
he did yield to the wishes of the party
and permitted him to be nominated for
th« Assembly for the then Thirty-sixth
District.
This was looked upon as an attempt
to shelve the rising young man's politi
cal ambition, from the fact that the
Thirty-sixth Assembly District at that
time was Democratic by a large ma
jority and the idea of nominating a school
boy for the Assembly from that district
was considered a huge joke by the Demo
crats.
But when the votes were counted and
it was found that young Curry bad been
elected by a sweeping majority over his
Democratic opponent the laugh was on
tue other side. Even good - natured
Bill Higgins admitted his astonishment
and coniessed that he had made a mistake
in estimating the caliber of young Curry
nnd the propelling power of las Inends,
foremost among whom is his chief deputy,
Harry Piper— also one of the bright young
men of San Francisco.
The record made by this young man in
the session of the Legislature of 1887 was
not only brought to the notice of the local
politicians In this City but gave Him a
State reputation whicii was recognized by
General Sam ttackua when President Har
rison appointed him Postmaster of this
City. He placed Mr. Curry in charge
of that very important branch station
near the new City Hall. At the Repub
lican State Convention of 1694 he had the
nomination for Clerk of the Supreme
Court within his grasp, but at the re
quest of some of his friends he permitted
another to get it.
When the principal convention assem
bled in San Francisco a few months later
he was offered the nomination for County
Clerk, which he accepted, and he was
ejected by a handsome majority.
This otfi.-e he haß filled and" conducted
with his usual ability. Besides this he has
turned more money into the City treasury
during his term as County Clerk" than any
of his predecessors.
Such is the character and political stand
ing of the founder of the Phoenix Republi
can Club.
Yet, however able a man may be, he
cannot form a club. To do this he-must
have men, and those men must, in order to
succeed, be in perfect accord with their
principal. Such were the men who
associated themselves with this young
leader. Among them may be mentioned:
fciX-Connrressman John T. Cutting, ex-
Harbor Commissioner C. O. Alexander, ex-
State senator and ex-District Attorney J.
N. E. Wilson, J. C. Quimi, Collector of In
ternal Revenue, Dr. J. H. Healy, Superin
tendent of the City and County Hospital,
Colonel J. M. Lite U field, Supervisor Cof
fey, Judge G. H. Bahrs. District Attorney
Barnes, and his first lieutenant and chief
of staff T. McDermott, chief engineer in
the United States Mint under General
Dimond; and next to him the shrewd
politician, M. H. Smith.
Whiie some of the old boys have dropped
out of active club politics new blood" has
been infused into the club in the per
son of Colonel T. V. Eddy, WOO i* a
born orator. Its secretary, Andy W.
Branch, besidas being a first-class secre
tary, is an orator of no mean ability, as is
shown by his being sent out by the Re
publican State Central Committee to
speak on the stump for four successive
campaigns.
Secretary Branch studied law in the
office of M". If. Estee and was admitted to
practicb by the Supreme Court. In his
capacity of secretary he acquitted himself
to the honor of his friends and his own
credit in the Legislature for three sessions.
His last experience in this line was with
the municipal convention two years ago
in this City.
The treasurer of the Phoenix Club
is P. E. McCarthy, for years con
nected with the business office of a morn
ing Republican contemporary, but now
engaged in the insurance business.
There are others whose services are
equally important in the management of
a successful club. These are tue several
committees:
The executive committee with its chair- I
man, M. H. Smith, comprises Thomas
McDermott, \V. E. Bates, A. B. Turner, I.
Schwartz, M. 8. Harloe, J. H. Healy, I.
D. Hart and E. C. Paimieri. Under these
auspices the club will make no such thing
as a failure in its task of assisting in the
campaign.
The members of the finance committee
are: D. K. Mullen, M. \N elch, E. M. I
Buckley, F. Haicerman, J. B. Cam obeli, A.
Delatori, Ed Holland and George Bur.zini.
For permanent organization R. R. Duck
worth, E. C. Paimieri and I. D. Hart are
authorized to act as a committee.
The headquarters of the Phoenix Club
are located at Scottish Hall on Larkin
street, opposite the south end of the City
Hall, where weakly meetings will be he!d
on Tuesday nights from now until the
election next November.
FOR STATE HEADQUARTERS
The Republican Central Com
mittee Locates in the
Palace Hotel.
Next Week the Campaign Ma
chinery of the Party Will Be
Set In Vigorous Motion.
The headquarters of the Republican
State Central Committee during the com
ing campaign will be the roomiest and
moat attractive and convenient the party
has ever known.
Headquarters for the campaign were se
lected yesterday by the committee on per
manent headquarters, acting in conjunc
tion with Chairman Frank McLanghlin.
Four large rooms on the second floor of
the Palace Hotel have been taken. They
front on the New Montgomery-street side
of the building and are near the corner of
Market street. Besides these rooms a large
parlor on tbe half-floor has been engaged
for an assembly ball. The rooms will be
occupied in three or four days-
Major McLaughlin is back from Paso
Robles ready to take vigorous hold of cam
paign affairs.
"We have a hard fight ahead of us, Dut
we will win it," he said yesterday.
John D. 6preckels and some other mem
bers of tue executive' committee will re
turn the first of the week and in a few
tlays the campaign programme will be
definitely outlined and tbe campaign ma
chinery set in active motion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
MR. RAINEY IS A
VERY BUSY BOSS,
He Is After the Junta's
Compaign Committee
• Now.
ALARMED BY HIS POWER
He Is Expected to Force a Meet
ing of the General Com
mittee Soon.
FIGURING ON REORGANIZATION
How the Rainey - Daggett • Lanigan
Combine Captured the State Cen«
tral Comnr.tteemen.
Th« condition of the Junta is critical
just now, with Rainey and Lanigan act
ively feeding 011 its insidesaud the organi-
zation is full of alarm and wonder at what
may happen pretty soon.
Having secured control of a majority of
the general committee through the re
cent partnership with Lanigan, Rainey is
i now straining every nerve to capture the
I campaign committee of twenty, whifch was
supposed to be absolutely Rainey-proof
when it was appointed by Chairman Sulli
van. Eddie Greaney and other able lieu
tenants are manipulating every. lnfluence
that can be brought to bear on members
of the committee. The Raineyites claim
to surely have seven of the. committee and
four more are needed. '
It is understood throughout the organi
zation thnt if the Rainey-Daggett-Lani
gan combination can capture the campaign
committee, which was endowed with ab
solute powers by their enemies, they will
simply assume direction of things and let
the machine stand as it is. It would be
more politic and arouse less comment and
opposition to thus gently slip into con
trol without making any revolutionary
disturbance.
But if the capture of the campaign com
mittee is not accomplished soon the Rainey-
Lanigan programme is to call a meet
ing oi the general committee, amend the
constitution so as to do away with the
campaign committee and substitute some
neve committee, which they can create
themselves.
So there is a general expectation that
within a week or two Chairman Sullivan
will receive a petition for a meeting signed
by tifty members of the general commit
tee, which, under the constitution, will
force a meeting. Any move of that sort
will precipitate the fierce battle which is
bound to come, if there is any sustained
effort to keep the Junta machine going,
and that battle will result in the route
of McNab, Sullivan, Hassett, Popper,
Braunhart, Hughes and the reinor lights
of the "decent" element which have
sought to get control of the local party.
No definite moves toward a reorganiza
tion of the party which will unite it have
yet appeared, but reorganization is in the
local Democratic air, and both factions
iire anticipating it and putting themselves
in position to win as much as possible of
the new machine.
Whenever and however this reorganiza
tion comes the Buckleyites and the
Raineyites will easily agree in roost dis
tricts on a programme tnaf will leave
McNab, Braunhart, Popper, Sullivan,
Hassett, Hughes and their kind out in the
cold alone. Reorganization must come
through a primary to which both fac ions
will agree to submit, and at a fair primary
the gentlemen mentioned will have about
as much chance to elect anybody or be
elected themselves to the new county
committee as to be elected President of
th-- Dniten States. The practical district
politician on both sides agree on this
feature oi the programme.
The way the Rainey-Lanigan combina
tion captured the State Central Commit
teemen from San Francisco is an exponent
of the situation in the Junta. Before the
State Convention the McNab element was
sure of its State Central Committeemen
and conceded three members of the com
mittee to Rainey, Dageett and Lanigan,
with two or three more doubtful. When
the eighteen State Central Committeemen
were chosen the "decent" element was
found to have three and two are doubtful-
This result was largely due to Mr. Lani
gan,'who made the State Central Commit
tee his especial business at Sacramento.
The combination with Lanigan was made
primarily with a view to keeping State
Central Committeemen out of the hands
of the MuNaO element. Lanigan had the
balance of power in several districts and
Rainey thought it was better toilet Lani
gan have some plums than to let them fall
into the hands of the enemy.
So it was that Max Popper was beaten
in the Thirty-sixth District and E. P.
Mogan, the Police Court clerk and close
friend of Lanigan, elected. In this dis
trict the Rainey-Lanigan delegates lacked
one of a majority, and that ono was se
cured through tue influence of T. J.
Clunie with one of the delegates. Popper
had gone out to fight Clunie for the Con
gressional nomination two weeks before
and all at once it came Clunie's way to
get bact at Popper by accomplishing his
defeat for the State Central Committee.
The Rainey-Lanigan victory in this
field was the more striking from the fact
that the "inside," which named fifty-three
delegates at large, played what they
thought was a "cinch" Dy arbitrarily ap
portioning these delegates at large among
the districts so as to make needed major
ities in the district delegations secure.
But after all the sure-thing work of the
McNab element they were routed by the
clever work of people who do politics as
practical politics should be done.
Now the Raineyites figure that if it
should happen that the State Central Com
mittee should try to take a hand in the
local situation they will have a good-sized
bunch of friends in ihe committee. The
Buckleyites are likewise counting on
friends from Los Angeles, Orange, Solano,
Santa Clara, Santa Cruz and other counties,
and if the Raineyites and Buckleyites come
to any agreement about dividing things
they will be in a position to get about
what they want.
The reorganization of 1896 will be a
wholly different affair from that of 1892.
WERE QUIETLY WEDDED,
Miss Harper United to the Eld
est Son of Judge W. T.
Wallace
Miss Patterson and Sidney Alison,
the Popular Insurance Man,
Quietly Married
Richard Wallace, eldest son of Judge
and Mrs. William T. Wallace, and Miss
Jeanette Harper, prominently connected
with the publ c schools of this City, were
married Wednesday evening at the resi
dence of the bride's aunt, Mrs. S. Greer,
322 Hyde street. Although no formal an
nouncement of the engagement of the
happy couple was made, the fact of the
marriage leaked out and society- was more
than usually interested in the event.
No elaborate preparations were made
for the happy affair, which was character
ized by simplicity and an entire absence
of all ostentation and formality.
In the parlor where the ceremony was
performed roses, palms and cordons of
Bmilax gave to the apartment a festive ap
pearance. In the bay-window swung a
handsome marriage bell, and it was here
the happy couple stood while Rev. Dr. I
Hemphill read the marriage ceremony
that made them man and wife.
Miss Sarah Harper, the bride's sister,
was maid cf honor. Judge Coffey of
ficiated as best man and ex-Supervisor
Burling, an old lriend of the Harpers,
gave the bride inio the Keeping of the
groom.
Carrie Purcell, Mildred Nelson and
Ruby Canham, three little pupils of the
bride, led the bridal procession, strewing
flowers along the path of the newly
wedded couple.
The bride, who is a tall and handsome
brunette, loosed extremely lovely in her
elegant bridal gown. It was fashioned of
cream brocaded satin and trimmed with
old point lace, the gift of the bride's aunt.
The bridal veil was fastened to the coiffure
by a spray of orange blossoms and a sun
burst of diamonds and pearls, the gift of
the groom.
Miss Harper, the bride's sister, wore a
very elegant gown of pink satin. The
corsage and jupe were elaDorately trimmed
with point applique.
Only the immediate relatives of both the
contracting parties and a limited number j
of intimate friends, in all about thirty
guests, witnessed the ceremony.
Mr. avid Mrs. Wallace will left yesterday
for an extensive bridal tour that will em
brace a stay at Monterey and a visit to the
Var'ous fashionable resorts.
Miss Lizzie Patterson, youngest daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. James Patterson, and
Sydney Allison of the New England Lite
Insurance Company were quietly married
Wednesday at the residence of the oride's
parents, iH'22 Greenwich street, Rev. Dt
Freedereich of the Fourth Congregational
Church officiating. The decorations of
the home were simple and artistic. No
set arrangement was adhered to. Choice !
blossoms filled- bowls and vases, and ferns \
and smllax formed a pretty background.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Maymee Patterson, who officiated as
maid of honor, and Drew Harrigan was
best man.
The bridal gown was of white silk and
trimmed with knuts of white satin ribbon
and lace.
Miss Pattison, the maid of honor, wore !
a pretty gown of pale green silk, trimmed I
with lace.
Only the immediate relatives of he con
tracting parties witnessed the c >remony
and partook of the bridal supper which
followed.
Mr. and Mrs. Allison left yesterday morn
ing on a bridal tour, keeping their destina
tion a profound secret On their return
they will occupy their new home on
Tuylor street.
NEWER CITY HALL.
The North End Improvement Associa
tion Katify the Awarding of
the Plan*.
A meeting of the North End and
Kearny-street Improvement Association
took place at the old Y. M. C. A. Hall on
Butter street last evening. The object of
the meeting was to ratify the action of
the Board of Supervisors in awarding the
plans of the new municipal building to be
erected on the 9ite of the old City Hall.
Chairman John Shirley of the associa
tion called the gathering to order and
stated that this was an assemblage of
North Kearny-street business men, whose
object was to turn the tide of progress and
prosperity bacK to its old starting point.
He referred to the proposed erection of
the new building, which is to cost $300,000,
which, he said, will cause a change in the
North End.
He spoke of the excellent work of Su
pervisors Wagner and Benjamin in getting
the appropriation for the great building.
Both of the Supervisors were present and
addressed the meeting.
George D. Shadbufne said that Market
street, with its lofty values and towering
rents, would not always stand trie strain
ana that capitalists were even now buy
ing up the depreciated property along
Kearny street. Real estate, he said, had
increased in value in the North End fully
one-third since it became known that the
new municipal building was to be erected.
Eunene Dupray, Supervisor Hirsh and
others addressed the meeting in the same
tenor, and predicted that within a year
the new building would be finished.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted : .
Whereas, The plans and specification! lor
the building of the new municipal building on
the Old City Hall site having been finally
awarded to Architects Shea & Shea, at the last
meeting of the Board of Supervisors, and,
whereas the awarding of the said plans and
specifications will be of incalcutble value not
only to the property-owners, business men and
residents of this sectiou of the City, but to the
labor: ne men, artisans and mechanics as well;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the North End and Kearny
street Improvement Association, in public
meeting assembled at "i oung Men's Christian
Association Hal!, on Thursday evening, Jttne
25, 1896, speaking for its members in par
ticular aud its 6000 FUpporters in general, do
hereby most sincerely express their heartfelt^
thanks to the members of the Board of Super
visors, who by their voles caused the deadlock
in the board to be broken and the awarding of
tbe plans which will undoubtedly create a re
vival of business and a better feeling among
the people interested and doiug business in
the north end.
Resolved, That this association desires to
most emphatically express its earnest and sin
cere thanks to Supervisors Edward L. Wagner
and C. E. Benjamin in particular, and also to
Sunervisois King, Scully, Hirsoh, Dimond
and Hobbs, for their loyal and unselfish devo
tion on our behalf; and oe It
Resolved, That thisassociation hereby pledges
it support and influence to these Supervisors
for any position or emolument to which they
may aspire irrespective of our individual
politics.
Resolved, That Supervisors Wagner and Ben
jamin be hereby elected honorary members,
and the secretary of this association is hereby
instructed to send an expression of our
thanks to the above-named Supervisors.
Resolved, That this association sorely depre
cates the unmanly and treacherous action of
Supervisor Taylor in deserting our cause at
a most critical time, which ho did by leaving
the board room while the resolution awaraiug
the plans were being read.
Saohud, Tiiat his action was absolutely iu
excusab'.e, and this association severely con
demns the same.
President Shirley then appointed the fol
lowing judiciary committee to supervise
i he affairs of the association: George D.
Shadborue, Daniel Rogers, W. D. Bodti3h.
Hit With a Hammer.
William Walker, a boy employed at the Rls
don Iron Works, threw a bucketful of water
upon Charles Ilertzog, another boy employed
there, yesterday afternoon. As they knocked
off work Ilertzog called Walker to account for
drenching him and Walker throw a five
pound hammer at him, which struck him on
tbe head knocking Mm down. Ilertzog was
taken 10 the Receiving Hospital and it is
thought his skull has been fractured. Walker
was arrested last night by Policeman T. L.
Ryan and charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.
Thrown From His Wagon.
William Brooks, a teamster living at 722
Clementina street, was thrown from his wagon
at Markot and Front streets last evening and
one of the wheels pursed over his right leg,
bruising it. He was also cut about the head.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
NEW TODAT.
■^ ' cm* vvv^^'i
Cupid and Psyche.
Some Points on the Development
of True Manhood by Electricity.
Reasons Why Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt Is the Only Sure Remedy for
the Recovery of This Vital Power.
rjIHE FIRST INDICATIONS OF A WASTING I
• •*■ vital force, the first evidence of weakness may
mean the total collapse of all sexual and mental
vigor in a few years. It is dangerous to treat this
symptom with indifference, to suppose that it
means nothing. It means a great deal. It is the
forewarning of complete exhaustion that Is coming.
It tells of the result of past follies, excesses and
over-exertion of mental, physical or sexual powers.
It means (hat you are beginning to fall, and swlit
is the course of destruction once started. Like the
serpent's warning it should urge prompt action
Effective means' of checking the waste and restor-
ing the power lost can be found In electricity.
Vital force, animal magnetism, is infused Into the
falling nerves and organs from DR. SAXDEN'B
ELECTRIC BELT. There are thousands of vigor-
ous men to-day who owe their recovery solely to
Dr. Sanden's Belt. It gives steady soothing cur-
rents of electricity lnio the weak: parts, reviving
the vital rowers and restoring a healthy and vigor-
ous manhood.
Don't you thinK you are missing the best part of
your life by living it in misery through tne want of
that which makes life a pleasure? ■■
The following are extracts from letters recently
received:
"I suppose you will be glad to hear that I am
Cured of my emissions. I haven't ten bothered
any for the past month and am feeling extremely
.cli, I can't say 100 much for you, in your atten-
'•'on to your patients. I feel that my losses have
e ntlrcly ceased. Thanking you lor the cooJ you
have done me, I am yours truly, Lesley Crawford,
Largo, Cal."
"Having suffered for a period of three years "from
muscular rheumatism, and having tried all kinds
of known remedies to no avail, a friend of mine
•dvlued me to yet an Electric Belt, bo I bought one
of your No. 6 strong-power Belts, and after wear-
ing It for about three months the rheumatism has
entirely left me. I will cheerfully recommend
your Belt to all sufferers from rheumatism." —
Michael Maloney.Keswick. Shasta County, Cal.
'•On receipt of your Bflt I whs requested to re-
port in thirty days, and 1 therefore let you know
how lam ge.tlne along. I must say that the re-
sults are away beyond my expectations, and 1 now
believe in the wonderful power of the Belt. I
notice an improvement all over my body, and
especially the varicocele, which, before 1 wore the
Belt, were large, swollen veins, have almost en-
tirely and completely disappeared, and the seminal
weakness which 1 have suffered from for a long
time has entirely disappeared. lam now as strong
in th«t particular as 1 wish to he. I wish you to
publish tills letter that other sufferers may profit
by my experience."— N. Damato, Penryu, Cal. ■ -
Dr. Sanden'B Electric Belt offers ] you new, fresV
proof, of its cures. There are no claims of cures
made five or ten years ago, but to-day. Every day
brings new ones, and right at your doors. , '
Would you believe It If your closest friend con-
fided to you his cure by a certain remedy ■ It is a
modern remedy, up to date, and cures when the old I
ideas fail. <
. simple 1 As simple as two and two. , It Is elec-
tricity. "Electricity is | life." It Is nerve force.
By excesses or errors you waste nerve force, and
Dr. Sanden's Belt renews it.
Even electricity is useless if not intelligently 'ap-
plied. Dr. j Sanden has devoted twenty years to
close study of the nerve and sexual forces and even
If other belts fail his treatment will cure. -
Cheap, clumsily made electric belts are like cheap
Jewelry. < You think you are getting a high-class
article at a low price, but your experience tells you
that you pay for twice what you get.
, Don't hesitate to write to Dr. Banden because of
the distance. Two days . from the time you write
will bring you an answer with full information con-
cerning his wonderful Belts. , Hundreds of people
In California have discarded ail -other j treatment
and are now using Dr. banden's Electric Belt with
pleasing results.
A permanent cure -IS 'guaranteed or money re-
funded In all weakness of men. A pocket edition
of j the celebrated \ electro-medical work, "Three
Classes of Men," Illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by
mall on application. Every young, middle-aged or
old man suffering : the slightest . weakness should
read It. It will point out an EASY, SURE AND
SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN BTRENGTH AND
HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE HAS
FAlLiii). Address or call
• SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. . Office hours; » *. v. 10
8:30 p. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. '
, . OFFICES AT:
1,08 ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
We south lirond way. : j 25a Washington street. ,
NEW^TO-DAT^^
liisiilW AND AOCTIONJALE!'
a, TO-MORROW
ife^S^^^-—-^^^^ " vIIItIf II
V l^f^HrW^lk lH: g|l ofillif Saturday June 27, 1890
• f?3 •ifviwf *t?^^ "i^^^^^^^w M 1 °' clock r - M - oa tQe P remlse3 -
at auction MURPHY STATION
*. A ATDCC of the Choicest Land in the
350 /\^/KCrJ} State of California.
flf\ ATDIhC «n 1 and 2 year old PRUNE,
OO /W/KJC^ APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In 10= ACRE UP A D RD TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
' ■ '■'.''•
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources stand at
the head of any district in this state.
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the home-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort where health combined with profit is at his command.
There are 10 pieces now planted in stion? and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for its luxurious growth of oak trees.
WHKIiU IT is AND WHAT IT IS— About midway between San Jose and Stanford University,
fronting the 8. P. K. R. : 8 miles from ban Jose, 7 miles from Palo Alto, & miles from Mountain View,
and at the Murphy .station. The soil Is 40 feet deep, is alluvial sediment and the very cream of this
rich valley, 'i his tract fronts on the main ban Francisco and San Jose boulevard, and is opposite the
magnificent prune orchard of D. M. Delmas valued at $1000 per acre.
To any and all pessons wanting the best, richest and mojt productive land in this State this offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity.
o£^^^^^^^K^^^^%,' WE WILL RUN
R^-w^^^^^^^^^^^B Pvnip^rnisi tpain
i-^jiEK Ill^tl {LSaCSSEfISRSa To Murphy Station, near Mountain View,
fci^, ' jjg^B/rjjtfg* 011 account of this
SPSSPP* I *^ important auction sale
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June '27, 1896, stopping at Valencia-street (Station, San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy Station at 8:80 o'clock P. M. same day.
$1.00 ROUND-TRIP TICKKTS 1.00. Tickets Obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 26, 1896, all day. and on Saturday, June 27, day of the excursion, np to D:3O o'clock A. M., and
at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. M.,
from our representative. From othor stations' on the train, from San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo
Park, round trip 60 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds.
TERJIS-One-Fuurth Cash, balance in 1, 3 and 3 years, interest 8% per annum.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 688 Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents.
7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jnse.
RAILROAD TRAVEL! __
DIG KEDI'ITM RATES £¥ RAIL
....T0....
r»onTiJANp. on,
SATURDAY- : JUNE 27,
Am! Kvery Fifth Dar Thereafter.
.Leave from S- P. Co.'s Perry landing, foot
of Market at., at 8 p. m.
Af* fl n— Including Eertti in Pullman Tour- 1
0• U U i* Sleeper.
....ALSO.... ■-.- ■-.:
First-class tickets, including berth In CM #YOO
rulluiau standard Sleeper. Clv
S EC ' L NOTION .
This train will not slop to deliver or take on pa*
peni;ers at intermedl stations, nor will tickets ba
sold* or baggage checked to such points.
fsf- Through Tickets for Facet Sound
l'Oint* on Sale at Keduced Kate*.
For further Information a >ply at
613 MARKET HTKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), Ban Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T.H.GOODMAN,
(Jen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
»oftiii:kw paoificcompant.
(PACIFIC HV.STKM.)
Tralaa lcuu> nn«l tire <lt««- <o nrrlve at
KAN lUiSt'lStO.
Cea ve — From .Tux« 7, 1806. — akrivb
"•6:00a. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:45 a
7:<>Oa Atlantic Express, Og>lcu and Knot.. *•<»"
7:00 a Benicia. VacaTiUe, Rnmsey. Sacra-
mento, OroTille and Redding via
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, CalU-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
. •iHOa Nilts, Snu .)(»";, Htocktou, lone,
Sacramento, Jlaryavillu and Iteu
' r.iiiu  4sinr
•8:30 a rotors ana Milton *7:15p
•xmia Los Angeles press. Fresno, S&nt*
Barbara and l.rwt Angeles 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 1:53 a
0:00 a VaUejo.... 6:15r
l:OOi> Nllos, San Jose and Livennoro 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
fliSOr Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
4tOOr Martinez, San Ilamou, Vallejo.
Napa, Oalistoga,- El Verano and -
SauUtlosa 0:15 a
*i»Oi> Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kulglils Landing, MarrsTillSv
Orotillo ami .Sacramento iw:4»a
4:8 Op San Jose, Liverinuro and
Stockton 7115p
4:39r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemttc) and Fresno 11:45 a
SiOOp KewOrieann 10xpreD3,l'reBiio,Balfer»-
-> •,: •leUl, Santa lUrl)f»ra,l.oi Angeles.
Demliic, El l'aso, New Orleans and
Sast • 1O:15A
OtOOr Santa Vo Route, Atlantic Express
forMojate and East 10:15 a
S:00p Vallejo 11:45 a
6iO<li> lCuropeau Mail, Ogiiau and Must. ... O:i,~tA
OiOOpilaynrarda, Nllcaaiul iSan.loso 7:l.">\
t7tof»L- Vallojo J7:43p
7iOOi- Oregon Kxpv«BB, .Sacramento, Marys-
vllle. lidding, Portland, l'nget
Komi.lautl Kant 1«:45a
1 SANTA ClttlZ lUVIsION (Snrrotr »mmi>
17:45 a banU Cruz Excursion, Kanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8«B3*
Sil »A Newark, Centerville.Snii.loae.Feltoi),
: Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and Way
Stations ; 8«5«p
•»:15p Newark, Centemlle, San Jose, New
' " . Aliiiailen, I''elton, llouliler Crook,
: V- -■ h.iuta Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5.......;.. *H:aOA
ji:lsi- Newark. San .I.mo nndl,oa (jittns.... <[»:50a i
COAST HI VISION (Tiiinl A loniisciiit
' •tt:43A ban Joso ami Way StaUoiM {Hevr
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
{7j3»a Sunday Excursion for San Jof^
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations ;8:35p
SilSa San ,10110, Tres Vinos, Hauta Cruz.
i.'aolllc Orove, Paso Rubles, Sac
finis Oliispo, Guadalnpe ana Piln-
: tiliial Way Stations 7:O5»-
-»:4 7a Palo Alto and Way Stations  fl:3op
lO>4Oa Han .lose nnd Way Stations s;<lOp
I ItSOA Pill.) Alto and AVay Stations 3:30p
•a:3i»i"H!in Mate». Meulo Park, Nan JoM|
Gilroy, Tres linos, Bftttta -. QtMZ,
Balinas,M<>ntcreyamll'acllicUi-ove # I«:4Oa
•3t:ioi> San Joso, Paciflo Grove and Way j
Stations *1;30p
*4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations ». *H:uaA
5:301' Nan .I<iso ami Principal Way Station •H:1«a
' 6::»>i> San Jose and Way Stations......:.. 8*384
111i45i- Wan .iosfinml W.tv5Ut.i0ni!......... t7t i l.'ip
hAX IiI^ASUKO AMU llAV\V.Via>^ LuilAh.
i»S:00A 1 " ■■ .- ■■' '' f 7:15 a
- 8:00 a . ... ■ 1 t9:4.1A
,S.o«a Helro»e Semi«r P. , ] S?:?Sa
"I-'oSp Fltehbnr»,B.mLw«ilro :%%%$
g|O«J Hoards. ( «;«gJ
7:«0p . ( N B:4:>r
; »*oop i Runs through to Nile*. J ,&Sor
tfllilttp^ (From^llCS. |. t»13:00r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SAN FH.ISSISCO — Foot of kuket Street (SUd 8)- '
•7:15. - ■ 6:00 , 11:00 a.m. . tl:30 *2:3 C t3:CC
•4:00 . - tB:0O •6:00r.M.'
froflO*HiND--sootofDroadFij.-~ -0:00 8:0 C
10:00 a.m. U2:CO «l:00 12:00 *3:CO tW
*5:03 p.m. ■_
' A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepteU. t Saturdays 00)}'
s - ■ X Sunday* only. - .
it Monday. Thursday end Saturday nights only
IS Saturdays and Sundays for Hanta C'rr.a.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Nauitallto Ferry).
JTrom San irancisco, ( onrr.' nr>inx June 15, 1898.
» WEEKDAYS.
Tor Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8?00
*9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. It,: *1:46, 3:.0,.4:13,
5:16. *o:00. u:B6 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.-:.
For Mill Valley and San Bafael-»8 :0O, *9:00
•10:00, 11:30 A. W.;»*iJJ:B 1. *l:i>0, *2:1B, *4-0(i
6:30,6:45. 8:30 p. ic':£xtr* trip to Banaa!ltoac
11:00 a. m. ■ . .
JTraiDS marked • run to Ban Qoentin. •♦12:30
. F. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
... , THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point- Reyes ana way actions— B :oo a. m
Saturdays: 9 a. m. Sun In t; 5:15, p. m. wee taays.
■ For Point Reyes, Ca*a3ero and way stations—
gjOOA. v. Sundays ; 1 p. n,_\vetkd>va. ■• _• ;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRMCISCO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. it.: 13:85,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. if. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips it 1:N
and 11:30 p. if .
BCNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00, 6:20 v. j£.
San Itafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 0:10, 11:10 a. it-
. 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tri pi
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9 :i>6, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
0:00. 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam»
schedule as above. .
Leave I Tt ,p«~, f Arrive
San Francisco. A^,r" 2, San Francisco.
Wm I Son- uos^lnat'lon 8l "*' ' WEF ' It
Days. | days, "^"nation. DA YB . ' Days.
7:30 am 7:^o am ! Novato, 1 10:40 am 8:40 as*
3:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, [ 6:05 pm! 10:10 aw
6:10 pm 5:00 Pm! Santa Rosa. 7:30 PM; 6:15 P*
s . Fulton, H "~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, . )
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm| 6:15 p*
___
j Pieta,
7:30 am ! Hopland & 1 10:10 am
3:3Upm) 7:3oam Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:16
7:30 am ~ 10:10 am'
7 :30 am Guernevllle. 7 :30 FM
3:80 pm ■ ■ .. 6:10 pm
7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am~j~ 8. 40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:13 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 am! Seb ., to Dol 110:40 AM; 10:10 AM
3:30 5:00 be a « to I 6:05 pm! 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Ska«gs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; atPietafOr Highland
Springs, Kclseyvllle, Soda Bay and L.akeport; at
Hopland for Lalteport and Barrett Springs: at
Uklah tor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blus
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Hendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westporc, TJsal, Willets, Canto, Co-
ve'.o. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. ■
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . " . . . •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ■ ■ , Gen. Pass. Agent.
. Atlantic. "^^^
Pacific i^^^ft
BAILKOAD »^^^^^^^
Trains leave from and »rrl vo tfvS!^fjv%^fKi W%
at Market-Street Ferry. &t&' : v&*?s\ytizl
SANTA FE EX^KtsS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. M., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist. Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cats lor
•"^"^"ir^AATA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SION S leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTOX
with the very latest up-to-dats upholstered tourist
sleepers, ii! charge of experienced agents, running
through to dPstlnation.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenerjt
Mid good meals In Harvey's dining-room J. .
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street.
■" Chronicle I'.ui ldine-
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds.
rpREASURER'S OFFICE.CITY AND COUNTY
1 of San Francisco, June 17, 1896. '
.Holders of Dupont-sireet bonds issue:! under an
act of Iha State Legislature entitled, '-An act to
authorize the widening of Dupont street, in tho
City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive, sealed proposals for surrender of said
bouds, as provided- by. section 13 of said act, at
his ol'ice. in (he .New City Hall,* San Francisco,
until 12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 30,
l«9tJ. . ■
The amount to he applied to the redemption of
Bald bonds i» about three hundred and seventy-live
thousand dollars (£375,000). Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered.
Bids to be Indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. C. Wl DBKK,
• City and County Treasurer. ;
TnESUCCESS^FTHESEiSON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
— OJT THK— *•■•
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPJKN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE OAUIASA BITTKKS, TK4
O great Mexican Remedy ; - 6ivo* JtUaiUl MM
fe)U«ngtU to Urn (Sexual oi»au*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver continues to rise.
A ustraliau Coal In light receipt. *
Wheat weak and dull.
Barley. Oats and »ye quiet.
Corn firm but dull. I
Hay very weak.
No change in Beans.
. Potatoes and Onions plentiful.
' Tomatoes scarce and firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs off a little.
Young Poultry higher.'
Fresn and Dried Apricots lower. .
(hole 1? Peacnes and Plums firm.
Red Apples wanted for shipment.
Berries in large supply.
Hams firm and active.
Other Produce unchanged.
Mexican Dollars firmer.
CANNED AND DKIED FRUITS.
How the Season of 1896 Looks at the
Opening.
The Cutting Packing Company's circular says of
canned and dried fruits:
CANNKD FRUITS— a tricots. The condition
of the 'crop is about the name as at out last ad
vices, excepting that the , extreme hot, dry
weather has caused a great failing and consequent
reduction in quantity, also a great detriment to
the quality, many orchards showing 'the fruit
shriveled and of small size, the heat evidently ar
resting the full development; this will militate
against the general good quality of the crop.
Moorparks esueclally are dropping more than
Koyals. The low opening prices on dried will
work against high prices for canning stocK, but as
the general quality of the latter for the season is
"off" good stock for extra goods will command a
higher price than in 1896. while ordinary stock
may on the coutrary and probably will be fur
nished at less.
Pears—The critical period on these has practi
cally passed, and the prospect for a large crop
was" never better. We are ■til! uncertain, how
ever, as to the price for canning stock, as the de
mand for Eastern shipment promises to be very
heavy, there being extra facilities for cheap and
rapid transportation over piec'din!; .ears, and it
Is hence altogether uncertain what prices will rule.
An unpromising feature of the crop is th« heavy
proportion of small fruit, making high grades and
quality scarce.
Fi.vms— our previous advices are confirmed as
to the crop being badly damaged, of uncertain
quality and quite short: in fact the prospect is
even poorer than a month since.
Pkachks— Previous advices are confirmed ex
cept as to the value of clings for canning stock,
which will doubtless tie fully 50 per cent over that
of '95 and much heavier than was anticipated.
The large Eastern crop will Influence largely the
pack of frees In this Mate, and we believe the de
mand will run largely for clings: anyhow, there
does not. seem to be tiny special encouragement to
pack the former, when so-called California peaches,
under a California label, printed in .Baltimore are
offered freely by enterprising packers from the
laiteroity. of a claimed standard quality, at 9J
cents tor 3-tb cans f. o. b. Baltimore. :"■
Small Fruits — Strawberries. raspberries,
blackberries, currants and gooseberries are all very
short In quantity, although of good quality. Few
contracts have been made as yet for these varie
ties. It is not probable that prices will rule as
low as in '95.
Chkbries— The packing is practically over and
probably not over one-third of that of any of th»
last rive years. Prices for canning stock have cd
vanced constantly during the month. It is safe to
say that 'lie small canned stock will go out at
packers' figures. The crop in the State as a whoie
is in better condition than could have been ex
pected a few months since, and aside from the
damage due to the extreme hut and dry weather
of the past three weeks, is much Improved gener
ally.
DRIED fruits-
Apricots— Are now being dried in some sec
tions. A few carloads have gone forward at 7%
@8c net to growers for rirst shipments,.7c to the
growers for a few days' later shipment. The out
put will not exceed 350 cars, with practically no
Carry -over of 1 895 crop, against 200 to 250 cars
last year, with a carry-over of about 75 cars from
1894. It is safe to assume that present prices will
be maintained. Pr ces a year ago ranged from
7% to 9c, and in 1894, withauou'tputof 1100 cars.
6 io7c. •
Peaches—Will probably be in somewhat lighter
■npnly than last year; drying will not begin until
next month.
Pei'sks-In some sections will be considerably
short of last year, but in other sections devoted
more ex'enMvely to prunes the crop will exceed
last year's, so that barring accidents to the crop
before! drying season, the output of the state
will be somewhat larger than in 1895.
Raisins—There is not to exceed rive to ten cars
lefc in the State, all of which will be required for
local trade. The comi>-.<: crop will be about 2500
carloads, against about 4000 c»rs last year.
Explanation.
Tn» arrow leg with th» wind. Tbe top figure*
M station indicate maximum temperature for th«
■ cays; those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*, I
faring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid I
liaes. connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'i he
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and i
Is usually accompanied by fair weatbe?: "low" :
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows usually first appear on tue Washington
coast. hen the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
out when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb- i
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
- Weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of agricul
ture, Weathkb Bureau, San Francisco, June
25, 1896, 5 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast' .
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
| Eureka 56, Red Bluff 100, HSa Francisco 59
Fresno 100, San Luis Oblspo 78, Los Angeles 76,
. San Diego 68, Yuma 102. ,
. San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 59, i
minimum 52, mean 56.
The pressure is highest this evening in North Da- !
kota with a second area of hUh pressure off the
Southern California coast. It is lowest in Oregon
ana in the interior or California. A flight depression
is central this evening in Western Oregon which has
moved northward during the past 36 hours from
Central-California. It is expected to move north
eastward during the next 24 hours and will be fol
• lowed by cooler weather in Calitornia. Unusually
high temperatures prevail to-night throughout Ore
gon. Washington and Idaho.
Forecast made at >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. June 26. IS9B.
Northern California— Partly cloudy; cooler In
the Interior excepting the central portion; fresh
southwesterly wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday, except partly
clouay along the coast Friday forenoon; cooler in
theinterior of north portion; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair; somewhat warmer Friday.
Arizona— Fair; probably warmer at Phoenix Fri
day. ,
san Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy and
foggy Friday morning and Friday 'night; gen
erally fair during the day; brisk to high west
erly winds.
W. H. Hammi.v, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
ytrw YORK. N. V.. June 25— The speculation
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
vvrifctLUCK & co.,
-4 Leldesdorff st, Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
.---■ J. S. PI'KDY, Manager.
Orders instantly- executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. - VJUVATS Wlttii .NiSW YORK.
In sugar saved the stock market from being one
the dullest on record. The transactions in sugar
aggregated 107,000 shares. Total sales to-day
were 179,700 shares. The market openrd with a
fair degree or strength, but the traders, who had
the market practically to themselves, were bear
ishly inclined and when sugar :-galn started on he
down track they hammered the list. Despite their
efforts, however, comparatively little impression
was made upon prices, the decline at the lowest
varying from 14 to % per cent, outside of Manhat
tan, which declined 1%. During the afternoon
there was a rally of 3£ on Manhattan, and leading
stocks like the Grangers, Lou sville and Nashville ■
and Western Union recovered Vi®Vt percent.
Tho coal shares were notably firm, ami especially
for Jersey Central and Delaware and .Hudson, :
which moved up 1%@2% points 10 107ya@ 1
127% respectively on very light offerings. Gen
eral electric and Hocking Coal were also strong.
All the movements noted, however, fell into in
significance when' contrasted with the striking
fluctuation and remarkable . activity in sugar.
This stock, after opening Vb higher at lis'/2.
declined rapidly to 113. Subsequently, on the
announcement that certain brands of refined sugar
had been advanced 1-16, the stock got back to
114Vs, but under a renewed pressure it fell to
113 and closed at 1133 3.
The market closed barely steady. Net changes
show losses of y«C4 I /4 per cent. Jersey Central
and Reading, scored gains' of. '<! per cent, while
Sugar lost about as much on the day. Bonds were
quiet and firm. >ales were $716,000. Ho king
Valley consolidated fives rose iy 2 to 86y«: Kan
sas and Texas firsts, Ito 83 Vis : Union Pacific gold
sixes, 1 to 96: Missouri Pacific consolidated sixes,
IVa to 87Va: Wheeling and Lake Erie liven, IV2 to
100.
In Government bonds, $10,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1171,4 to 117 V&: $5000 registered
lives at 113 and $5000 do coupons at 113. . : ' ;
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII; weak; Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 65; do. fair to fancy, $2 4J@
$ 45; do patents, #3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear,
f 2 40^2 BO; do straights, *2 96@3 55: do
patents, $3 25@4 SO: low extras, *1 70@2 25;
city mills, $4; do patents, *4 20@4 25; rye mix
ture, f2 40©3 10; superfine. $1 60@2 25; fine,
$1 50@2 05. Southern flour dull, easy; common
j to air extra. $2 10@2 70: good to choice do. $2 70
(a.H. Rye Hour dull and easy at $2 40iq,'J 80.
COKN MEAL— Easy; yellow Western, «2 05®
2 10: Brandy wine, *2 15.
RYE— Western. 39c.
BARLEY— Quoted at 34c f. o. b. afloat.
BARLEY MALT— DuII: Western, 48@56c.
WHEAT- Dull; steady: %c lower: f. a b.,
70Vgc; ungraded red, 62@7'Jc; .No. 1 Northern,
65 %c
I Options closed weak and irregular at s/g'rf-VaC
1 decline on lower West and local liquidation.
September and July most active. No. 2 red, Jane,
61'iVjc; July. 62% c: August, 623,4 c; September,
62% c; December, 645,/gc.
» <ill>— Dull. V B c lower, closing firm: wo. '■£,
33% c elevator, 3-i%c afloat.
Options were dull and steady at Vg@Vic decline
; on foreign selling, local realizing and iollow
: ing the West. September and July most
active. -June and July, 33% c; September, 34% c;
! October, 35 0 -
OATS— Act ye, weak.
Options dull, steady, July and September, 20 "fee.
Spot prices: No. 8, -.M y 2 ® :2r: No. 2 white. 24y 3 c:
No. 2 Chicago, 22>^®-i:j4c: No. 3, -JOVisC: No 3
[ whito. I!2S/gc: mlxea Western, 21^@21!V!|C: white
j do. 2S@27c; white state, 23@27c.
1 FEED BRAN— 6O@SSc.
MIDDLINGS—
RYE— Feed, 55c.
Provision*.
BEEF— Steady; dull; tierced beef quiet: cut
I meats, steady, dull.
' LARD— Lower: Western steam. $4 25@4 30:
city, 334@4c; July, $4 25. rerined. dull: conti
nent, 84 bO; South America, $4 90; compound,
i 4@4y 4 c
PORK-Quiet, easy: old mess. $S_)S 25: new,
: tH 50(<i8 75.
BC'lTEK— Fairly Pteadv. fair demand: un
' changed; State, dairy, 10@15c: do creamery,
1 ll'i£fti>lsi&c: Western uairy, BVs@HVac; do
! creamery, Ili^rg.lsi/fcc; do factory, 8@illc; El
-1 gins, 15Vstc: imitation creamery, 10@12c.
; CHEESK- Quiet, weak: State, large, 6@634c;
do small, s^@Bc; part sKims, 2s'4 Vic; full skims,
: l^@2c.
Moderate demand; .State ana Pennsyl
vania, 11%@12y 3 Western fresh, 10y a @liy 2 c;
1 do per case $1 50@2 85.
I TALLOW— Easier; city, 3% c ; country, 3S/
3y 2 c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, steady.
RESlN— Quiet, steady; unchanged. .
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady; 85*4$.
POTATOES— Quiet: southern, 35c(gl$l 35
i RlCE— Firm: fairly active; unchanged.
! CO* FEE— Bare steady. 10 to 20 points up;
; July. $11 70@ll 76: August, $1105@ll 10: Sen
; tember. SlO 66@10 70; October, flO 35; Novera- j
! ber, *10 20: December, $10 10@10 15: March,
I *10 60@10 90. Spot Rio quiet, steady; No. 7, 13 !
@i 3y 4 c
sUUAR— Raw firmer; dull: fair refining, 3®
I 3 l-16c: centrifugals 96 test, S%@3 9-16 c; refined
1 fairly active, firmer, unchanged. >\ <>,""-
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%@loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. '*> to, 12@13c: do nnpeeiea,
fi@Bc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel. 3^c;
do three-crown, 4^@4^c: do tour-crown,
: 4\ 2 0|5c: do London layers, 9Uc@*l.
HOPS— steady. State common to choice,
2y 2 (aßc; Pacific Coast. •2i/ 2 (<j!7e.
WOOL— Steady, fairly active: domestic fleece?
15@21c; palled, 15<&33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON-Quiet. American. *10 60(313.
COPPER-Dull: lake. SI 1 50®12.
LEAD— Steady: domestic. *3 02i- 2 (a3 05.
7 IN— Firmer: Straits, fl3 60@13 70.
PLATES— Moderately active.
fcl -tL'l r-Jti-Dull; domestic. »405@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. . •■iLii, June 25.— A general air of
! weakness and depression made Itself prominent In
; wheat to-day. There was no confidence among
traders and no encouragement in the news. - Inci
dents of note were absent, and business was of an
uninteresting And unattractive character. The
main causes of the weakness were apparently the
: especially fine weather for harvesting and the
! good outlook for crops in general. The Cincinnati
I Price Current contributed to the disappointment
i Dy reporting a maintained promise for wheat
during the past week. ' v *
I North western arrivals were 449 cars, against
| 615 last Thursday and 146 a year ago Chicago
had 13 curs and Inspected out 16.300 bushels.
Liverpool cables were quiet and steady, an 1 Con
tinental markets were Irregular. Export Clear
ances were quite liberal at 443,760 bushels, the
posting of the figures producing a steadier tone
and causing prices t o rally sliehtly. September
i wheat opened from 67c to 57ysC, so'll between
| 565/ 8 c and 57 1 /B V4C, closing at 56%, s/g@34c
| under yesterday. Estimated receipts tor to-mor
! row 20 cars.
j CORN— Depreciated in value through the weak
ness extended by wheat, and because the situation
! presented . nothing on which buyers could con
i vince themselves that purchases promised profita
i ble returns. The Cincinnati Price Current re
i ported crop conditions of corn good. Receipts
| were 385 cars «nd 142,643 bushels were with
drawn from store. Liverpool cables were quiet
and steady. Export clearances aggregated 194,
--045 bushels. September corn opened at 28 /sic
i declined to 2814 c, closing at 283/ B e, Vie under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 450
I cars. ■
; OATS— Were really the most active deal on the
I floor. The liquidation which nas been in Oio^ress
' for some time past was continued. Many sales on
stop loss orders were made, ane few peo >le, if any,
I evinced a desire to possess the grain. The C.ncin-
I nati Price Current reported the crop conditions of
: oats a3 excellent. Receipts were good at 316 cars.
and 8M..6U bushels were taken from store. Ex-
I port clearances were large at 220,521 bushels.
• September oats closed yg@Vic under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 310 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 78V4@7»c: Jury, 78V4
@783^: September, 80@S0Vic; December, 82V4c
asked. Receipts were 12 cars.
PROVISIONS— The market for product did not
differ materially from those of the grains. Id ad
dition to the upeculative weakness immediately
surr undlng it the further depressing Influence of
a declining bog market made itseli felt. At the
close September pork and lard were eacu lUc
lower, and September ribs s@7yac lower.
BUTTER— Was quiet to-day, and the prevailing
tone was easy. The demand was light and offer
ings liberal.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10@12c; Imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds, Be. Ladles-
Extras. 10rtjl0y 3 c; firsts, B^%@9c; packing stock,
he; roll, 6© 7 c.
. EGG -s— Sold well. ' Offerings were moderate, and
I inquiry good.' Fresh stock sold at lOOllc $1
i dozen. . .
I MONEY— 5@6% on call and *% on Urns
loans. New York exchange was quoted at 65c
premium. ■:■: ;;•:; ■■■
Closlnc Prices.
WHEAT — June. 55% c: July, 65V,c; Sep
tember, 56% c.
CORN— June. 27Vic; July, 27J(4c; September.
28% c.
OATS— JuIy. J5y B @ltic; September, 16y»c.
PORK— July, $7 05: September, «7 20.
LARD— JuIy, *3 »7%; September, *4 12%.
lUJBb-Juiy, *867.a . September, 93 85.
Livestock. '
UNION STOCKY A RDS n.r.. .Time 25.—
trade in cattle to-day was active at strong prices.
Receipts were fair and a good demand existed. Of
ferings of bogs were liberal. Business was good
and the feeling weak for heavy but steady for
other grades. A decline of 5c was reported In
some instances. Sheep were steady. The supply
was moderate.
CATTLE - RecelDta. 10.500. Fancy beeves,
(4 5()®4 55: choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. *4 25(3* 45: good to cbolce steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, *4 00®4 20: medium steers. 1000
to 1600 pounds, 93 80&3 95 : common to fair steers.
950 to 1800 pounds. $3 60<a>H 75:- feeders.
£00 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 85; common to choice
MocKers. $2 bO@3 50: nulls, cnuice to extra. $2 80
@3 25; bu.is, poor to choice, $2 (a, 2. 85;
cows and. heifers,- extra, $8 75@4 10; cows,
fair to choice, $2 50&4 50: cows, common to fair
canners*. fl 25(i02 . 25; calves. . good to choice.
$4 60&5 25; ca ves, common to good, 9394 50:
Texas steers, C 2 50@3: Texas fed ■ steers, $3 10@
4 071/4 :'lexas cows, bulls ana oxen.92@2 85; milk-'
ers ana springers, pet bead, 920@35.
HOGS— Receipts. 29,000. iieavy packlne ana
shipping lots, 93 0003 25: common 10 choice
mixed. *3 05&BH 40: choice assorted. *3 50*44 55;
litht, 93 25(0.3 50; pigs. $2 75*3 60 • ■
SlifctJ'- lttceipin. l4.')L>u. interior 10 cuoic*.
*21t4 25. r.amos. 53 a 6 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N.Y., June 25.-The Earl Frnlt
Company sold California fruit in the Neutral Auc
tion to-day at the following prices: Prunes—Trag
edy, $3 05@4 70 V half crate. Cherries-Royal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRXDAT, JUTTCS 26, 189t>.
Anne. $1 US®- 1 25 ?. box: Black Republicans,
9210.' Plums— Clyman. 91 55@185 V half crate;
Royal Ha:lve, 80c@$l 46;' Cherry, 20. Apri
cots—Royal, 65cfal$l 35 half crate. Peaches-
Alexander, 75c@$l 30.
Porter Bros. Company stld: Cherries— Oregon,
92 25. Peaches— Alexander, Doc@|l 65; .Early
Mays, *I<_,l]s. Plums — Clymaus, $1 30&1 55:
half-boxes : Cherry, 85c. ' Pears— Ualf-boxes Bart
leits, $145. Prunes— (Very bad order)9oc@l 50.
Apricots— Royals. 9oc@9l 20.
CHICAGO, 1 1.1-, June 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
p»ny sold California fruit in the Consolidated Auc
tion to-day, realizing the following prices: Cher
ries— Koyal Anne, 91 25 9 box. : Apricots— Royal.
70(380c $ half crate. Peaches— Alexander, 60@
85 f box. Some in bad order sold for less.
Porter Brothers Company sold: Plums— Civ- j
mans. 80c@$2 50: St. Catherine, 9nc'a?l 05; ;
Cherry, in half boxes, 30®95c; Royal Hatlve, *1. '
Peaches— Alexanders, 55@95c. Apricots— Royals, [
70©90 c; others. 65@75c Pears— ln half boxes—
tartletts, 00@85c; Madeline, 45@85c.
MONTREAL, QrKBKc. June 25.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at open auc
tion to-day, realizing the following prices: Plums—
Sl@l 90, some in per condition brought less.
Peaches— *1 05@l 30 $ half crate: in boxes, 65c@
91 25. Apricots— 6oc@sl 10 '<& half crate.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa:, June Porter Bros.
Company Sold California fruit at open auction
to-day, as follows:. Apricots— $1 16.
Peaches— sl 15. Plums— l 41.
• NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. ,
Money on call has been easy at 1 J /2®2%; last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4y a @s%. Bar silver, 69 y 8 c- Mexican dollars,
533/ g @64%c Sterling : Exchange is easy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at 94 871/4
for 60 days and . 94 BSy . for demand. Post
ed rates. $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 S6(&
4 S6Va- Government bonds steady: State bonds
dull; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the board was
easier.
CXOSINS STOCK*
Am Tel A Cable.... 91 Norfolk <fc Westrn. 4
Atchison 13% Preferred. ' 9
Preferred..., 203^ Northern Pacific 4y a
Adams Express... .l 47' Preferred 141,8
Alton, Terre Haute 67 Northwestern 102y a
American Expressll2 Preferred ...148-
American ToDacca 65% N. Y. Central 97
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chlcago&S.L. 12
Bay State Gas 24 Ist preferred 70
Baltimore* Ohio.. 18% i.'d preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. V2N. Y. N. H 171
Buffalo, Roch &P. 18% X. V. & New Eng. 39
Canada Pacific 60% N. V., Susq & W... KJ^
Canada Southern.. 6014 Preferred......... 24y 8
Canton Land 60% Ontario 11 •
Central Pacific 15y 4 Ontario* Western 14.
dies. *• 0hi0....... 151/4 Oregon Improvmnt 18
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred.........
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q.... 77yg Oregon Short Line. 8
Chicaco&E. 111... 41 'Pacific Mail. 24
Preferred 99 iPeoria, D.& Evans iy
ChlcagoGas 66%'Plttsbur!{cfc W. pfd 15
Cleve& Plltsbnrs..l64 Pullman Palace.. 155
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consoltaatod Gas.. 158 Preferred 15
C. C. C. Jt St. Louis 32 Reading..... 151,4
Preferred 75 RioGrandeiWestn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 25% Preferred.... 40
Preferred. lUO Kock Island «9ys
Cotton Oil CerL .... Rome WatAOgden.lls
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. &S. W 4»/i
Del. Hudson 126 t Preferred 9 a 4
Del.LaclcJfcWestrn.l6l St. Paul 77y 8
Denver R. 13 ! Preferred 128%
Preferred. 47 V 2 st. Paul & Duluth. 20
Distillers 1«% : Preferred 85
General Electric... 30% St. Paul & Omaha. 42%
Erie 14 Preferred 123
Preferred .. 35 St. P. M.-& M...... 112
Fort Wayne 180 [sliver Certificates. ■ 693/ a,
Great Northern pfdll6 Southern Pacific... 18% ;
Green Bay %'Soutnern R. R...,. 8%
Harlem 2£4 ' Preferred 273/ 4 .
Hocking Coal .. Sugar Hennery — 113%
Hocking Valley.... 6 j Preferred 101 ,y a
Homestake. 33 Term. Coal A Iron. 233/ 8
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred. 90
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific...... 7%
lowa Central 8 |'1 0l. A. N.Mich.
Preferreo. 32 Tol. «fc Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas Texas... 11 | Preferred. 70
Preferred B Tol.Sr.Loins<fc K.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred.. 6
Lake Erie A Westn 18 Onion Pacific 7S/ 8
Preferred.. 70 U. P. Den A Gulf.. i!y 2
Lake Shore 150% U. S. Coraage...... 5y
National Lead 23vi| Preferred 10%
Preferred......... 87 Guaranteed 20y 4
Long Island 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 493/ iv. S. Leather 8
Louisville, Na A BS/4.J Preferred BOfyg
Preferred.. 19 V. S. Rubber. 17%
Manhattan C0n501. 102% Preferred. 78%
Memphis A Charls. 16 lUtica B. River..
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. s>.'L. A Pac.. 6y
i Mlcbfga-i Central.. 96 Preferred.... 1 s/
Minn A & L. Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred — Western Union 84 •
Minn A st, L com. 17 I Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred...... 78 Wheeling AL. E.. 9%
preferred 46 Preferred 84y 8
Missouri Pacific. 23y 8 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 6:1%
Mobile & Ohio 19%|W.U.Beef 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8
National Linseed.. 17%! Preferred 24
N. J. Central 107%' Brooklyn Traction. 22y^
North American... 5y 8 Erie 2d pfd.....;...- 20 -
. CXOSINO BONDS.
C 8 4s, registered 10J» MX T 2ds 58
Do coupon 110 I Do 4s 83y 8
V 8 4s new, regstrdll7% Mutual Union 65. . .114
Do 4s, coupon.. ..ll7y* ! N J CeDt Gen ..119%
Do Vs.. ••...... Northern Pac 15t5.11634 !
Doss 113% Do2<ls :....112 !
1 ofts, coupon..'. 1131/4 Do3ds ;. 70
Cherokee 4s, 3896.100 Northwest Consols. 140
Do 1887..... 10J I Do deb 55..... 11l
Do 1898 10 O P. A N lsts. 113
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGen 78
Pacific *» of *95.... St L ASF Gen 6«. 113% '
DC 3-653 .....10»i/4St Paul Consols.... 132 |
Ala Class A 4s 107 St PCS Palsts...ll9
Do Class B 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts..Ho
LaConsol 4s 100 Southern R R 55... 11 31/4 I
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lms. 85% j
N Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 21
Do 4s 102 Union Pac lsts '86.103%
So Carolina 4%5. . . 106 West Shore 4*.. .... 107 V 4 ,
Tennn«w 35....... 85 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66Vi ,
Va funding debt... 59% R Grande West lsts 76A/S 1
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio 5s ... 1 07
Do deferred 63... 5 Atchison 4s 79
Do trust rcptsst. 7 1 Do 2ds A 403/. ;
Canada South Ms.. 106 Gil AS A 6s. 101 •>
Cen Pac lstsof '96.1031/4 Do2d7s 100
Den ARG Ist .111 H * Tex Cent 65.. 109
Do 4s 9134 Do con 100
Erie '/ds 66% Reading 4s 793/ 4
Kansas Pa Consols 71 Missouri 65. ...... 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divlll^J
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL. '
LIVERPOOL, Knh., June 25.— spot market
Is quiet at 6s 3d@ss 4d. - Cargoes steady at 26s 3d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
■ ■ " . futures.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 10i/4d; July, 4s 10'/4d; August. Is 10% d; Sep- I
teu.ber, 4s 10y 4 d; October, 4s 10i/4d.
MECIBITIES. ■
LONDON, Ejts.. June ■ 26. — Consols, 113%;
silver, 31 9-16 d; French Rentes. lOlt 17% c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f 4 88
Sterling Exchange, alght — 489
Sterling Cables — 4t>9%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, # ounce — ' 69% '
Mexican Dollars •. 64% bity. j
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
. WHEAT— demand is Insignificant and the
market is depressed and weak. No. 1, quotable at
95c: choice, 97% c; lower grades, 90_193%c; extra
choice for milling. $I@l 10 '$ CM.
" "ALL BOARD SALES.
isroiiMAii Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 98V 8 c: 400, 97y 8 c; 1600. 98c
KEfifLAR jIOKNiNo ' SESSlON— December— loo
tons, 981/gC .
, A ftkbnoos Session— December— 4oo tons, 98c.
' BARLKY- Previous prices rule. Feed, 67%®
«B%c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 7b@BOc.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 71c. - . • - ■ > ■•
. Regular . Morning Session— December— 200
tons, 71c. .
Afternoon Session— No sales. •
Continue very quiet. Milling are quot
able at BTV2@9Oc "$, ctl: fancy Feed. 90@i92V*|C;
good to choice, 82%@905; common to fair, 77%@
82 Vie; Gray. 80@8oc: Surprise, 95i<gj$l 02%.
CORN— Fiimer, but dull. LargelYellow, H7%@
02% c; small Round do, 97y a White, 77%(<0
B*Vs« %* Ctl. -.:-, < .
RYE-72%@75c3»ct1. .
lil'CKWhfcA'l- bs@9Oe 9 ctl. ,v ;
FLOUR AND "MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 76(a.3 85 » bbl; Bakers' : extras, $3 55@3 60; |
superfine, $2 75@3. ..•-■
CORXMEAL, ETC. — Feed Cora, $19 50@'. > 0;
Cracked Corn, ¥20 50(3.21 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol- i
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: 1 Kye Flour, B%c; Kice Flour, "Vie; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3y 2 c; Oatmeal,
B%c: Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4(JI4V c; Buck- !
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, a c; Farina, '.
4%c; WholeWheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 Vic; I
Pearl Barley, 4y a c; Split Peas, A c; Green do,
6%.c * tb. , :. _____ •:■■ •
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-*15@16 50$ ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 f>o@lß 50 9 ton for lower
grades and 519@20 ~<e> ton for the best. "■ "
FEKDSTUFFS— Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake- Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; Jobbing, $22; 1
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market. ' '-• ■. ••■•■■
HAY— The market is in bad shape for sellers,
being overstocked. New Wheat, »7 M)@10: New '
Wheat and Oat. $7@9: new Oat, $6@B v ion; new j
Barley, $5©7 50; second cutting ot Alfalfa, $6®
6 50; new Clover, $tsra>B. Old Hay is quoted at $7
@U BO f» ton for Wheat and $B_>lo for com
pressed Wheat. ■ :' . " - - ■-.;•."
• BTR AW-V!0(340c V bale.
BEANS AND EDS.
BEAN?— Bayos,9l@l 07%; Small Whites. $1 15
@1 30: Pea. $1 20@l ! 5: Large Whites, 90c@f1.05;
Pink, 85@92%c; Keds, $1 25;. Blackeye, nominal; I
Red Kidney, nominal Lima*. $2 35@2 65: But- I
ters," $1 26@i 40 for small . &nd $1 26@1 50 for
large. • -.-■'.••.■• ■■.- ?;■' ■■ • ■ ■ ■ -.-.- .
EDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at *1 60®
225 $ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 '*$ ctl : Yellow . Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary, 2%c
3 ft; : Alfalfa, 7y,@9% * tt>: Rape, 2%c » fit;
Hemp, 3y 2 c ft lb. ■ . ■■'•:'.
I DUIED PEAS— Si 25@1 40 » Ctl for Niles and
; 91 25r«l 45 for Green. ■.::■;
POTATOES,. ONIONS, , VEGETABLES
■ POTATOES— No particular change New Gar
net Chiles quotable at 85c(<a$l: : new Peerless, 75@
90c; new Early Rose, in sks, 85c@$l: new Early
Rose in boxes $I@l 25: new. Bur bank Seedlings,
*I@l. 40; Oregon i'.urbanks, 60@76c; Humboldt
Burbanks. 50@75c ■$ ctl.
ONlONS— Supplies are still very large. White,
40(di50c: Red, 20@25c * ctl. '
VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are higher and Cv
! cumbers lower. Green. Corn is quotable at
! 75c(g,$l 50 <$ sack: Alamena Corn, $1 50@2
' crater Summer Squash. 26@40e for Jay and
15@25c %i box in small coxes: Egg Plant. 12% c
%» lb: Tomatoes, 92@2 5013 box: Cucumbers. 75c
@$1 25 * box; Alameda Cucumbers, $1 50(82 *
box: Asparagus, 50@75c %4 ; - box for ordlnary
and Sl@l 50 'f, box for extra: Rhubarb. 40
@76c * box: Dried Peppers, 6@12%c: Green Pep
pers, 15@20e "$ to: Green Peas. 50c(S>$l % sack for
coalmen and ,2c $ B> for Garden: ' String Beans.
l@3c f) lb for common and 6@6c %* tb for Garden;
Dried Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46@60c %4ctl; Gar
lic, 2®3c %i tb. .7 ... -
butter; cheese and EGOS.
BUTTER -Values are shrinking and dealers are
putting more or less of | the receipts Into cold stor
age to prevent stock from accumulating. .".
Cbkamkby— Fancy, 15c; seconds, 14@14y 3 c
& lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 13y.,@14c; good to choice, 12%
@13c; lower grades, l*J@l2c ■;
CHEESE— Quotations i are weak and stocks are
large. Fancy mild new, 6@6%c %i lb; common
to good. 6®sy Cream Cheddar. 9c; Young
America, 7(a.Bc % to; Western, 10®llc; Eastern,
12@12%C.
EGGS— market is declining In spite of de
creased receipts,, as many, people are out, or town
and the public taste runs to fruits at this time of
the year. Farallon Eggs, 17@18c; Oregon, 10c;
Eastern Egg»*Hi@i2c * doz: store Eggs, 10%@
12c: ranch Eggs, 13@15c; Duck Eggs, 12%@14c
f» aoz. . ,
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Young Roosters and large Fryers
are in light supply and firm. Turkeys are a shade
better. Hens are weak.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers, 10@12cfor
Hens; Geese, V pair, 90c@$l: Ducks. 93 60@4
for old and $4@5 $ doz for young: Hens. $3 sti«
4 50: Roosters, young, $7 60@9: do, old, 941$
4 50: Fryers. 95@6: Broilers, $3@3 50 for large
and S2@ii 50 for small; Pigeons, 91 @1 60 "$ doz
for young and old. ".•■-, ■■:
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are In large supply and lower. Red Ap
ples are firm, being wanted for shipment. Early
Pears are about gone. Good sound Figs sell well
and choice Peaches go oft readily at good prices
The Cherry season is about over and the demand
for them Is slight. : Plums are in good supply and
green and otherwise Inferior stock Is dull, but
choice grades sell well.
' Arrivals of Cherries were 516 bxs. selling at 85c
©$1 25 f> box for Black, and 85c@$l 10 for Royal
Anne.
Peaches, 30<a)7oc f, box. and 400800 V basket.
Plums, 40||ui ac f^ crate and 25@65c%i box.
Cherry Pi urns. 25@40c fl box.
Apples, 25@50c *», small box and 26@35c ft
basket and 6Uc©sl %4 large box.
Green Fears* 2U(g(S6c f* box and 20®25c t*
basket.
' ' Royal Apricots. So@4oc f. box, 40@50c If, crate,
! 15©i6c *$, basket and $15@20 "# ion in bulk. Moor
parks, nominal.
Figs, 35@60c "H box for single and 65c@$l 1?. box
for double layers. • ' "*- ■ v
BERRIES— The market is liberally supplied with
all kinds.
Receipts of Strawberries were 697 chests, selling
at $4@5 'ii cheat for Longwortbs and $2 £>U@l for
large berries.
Raspberries, $3@ft %>. chest.
Blackberries, *2 60(a.f> ~s. chest.
Currants, 92 60@4 50 V- chest.
GRAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Yuma sold
at 92 «* crate.
i CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges are firm at 91@2
I for Seedlings, 93 50@4 for Navels, and $2 50<g.0 6'J
I %i box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1®
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $66116 60; bananas, $i(ci2 $ bunch;
Pineapples, $l!s4 |i dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Apricots are now selling at 6y a c in the sweat
box, a further decline. The fresh fruit is bringing
more than the dried. Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are as follows: .
Cabload Lots— Apples, l%@2c Ib for quar
tered. 2c f1 r sliced ana 4(54%c for evaporated;
Peaches, £@5c and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6y 2 ©"c
for crime to choice. B®9c for fancy and lOtajlic
B> for fancy Moorpaik; Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c %* lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c %* lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3@3%c; Plums, 3V2 C * tb for pitted and
l%@2c for imputed; Nectarines, 3%(ajsc %* lb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy
Jobbing Prices — J^vaporatea 4@sc
ft ft.: sun-dried. li/2<x2o: Peaches. 3i- 2 @r)c ana 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2%c^ lb; Prunes. 3y 2 c
! for four sizes, 4%c for 40C<j.50\s aud 4c tor
', 50@60's: Apricots, 7(a9c K 'fcr prime to choice,
■ 10(aill for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
I White Figs, 3695 c: Pears, 8c ~f> th for evapo rated
halves and 4{&7%c for quarters; Plums, @4c
I for pitted and l@iy 2 c forunpltted; Nectarines,
i 4©sc 1* lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
I loose, 3c; 2-crown. 2%c V rb: seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, I 3 ,ic: 3-crown London lay
! ers, 70c 9 box: clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clus
j ters, ii 10@2 25; Imperil ciusten, »2 60@2 75.
'■ Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none: 3
crown, 3@<i4c ii lb; 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul
! tanas,. 4c V lb; seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3-crown
, London layers, 75@90c; . clusters, $1 50t$l 75;
! Dehesa clusters, %'i 50; Imperial clusters, $'-' 75.
• NUTS — Quotations are as- follows: Wal
nuts, }•'(? llr tor Nn. 1 bard and ll@l3c t* lb for
; paper-shell, jobbing lots: Almonds, 6@7%c for
i Languedoc and Bi/2@loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, 6@6%c ?4 » for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished ; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
B©loc^ ft: Cocoanuts. $4 60@& V 100.
HONEY -Comb 10@12%c V lb for bright and 8
@9c %} lb for lower grades; -water- white extracted,
5@5%c .9 lb: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4-'V4c;
dark amber, 4c; dark, V@3c.
BEESWAX— 2S_i.7%o lb. ;
PROVISIONS.
The market is in good shape, with continued
activity and firmness in Hams.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c f,
lb for heavy, 7c %i Ib for light medium, 9c f» Jb for
I light. 10c for extra lieht and 12c 9 to for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll>,-?@l2c iS Ib:
! California Hams. P@loc $ Tb: Mess Beef, $7(§.8:
extra mess do. 98 B0(Jb9: family do. $10; extra
prime Pork, *B®B 50; extra clear. 914 V bbl:
mess, $12 fiO@l3 V bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c * tb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces is quoted at 51/4 C 'f> 1b
for compound and 614 c for pure; pails. 7c V tb;
California tierces. 4:54 c for compound md 6c tor
pure: half-bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-lb, 7%c
COTTOLEN in tierces and t>S/*(3»7VBC
* lb in 10-tb tins.
! HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS:
! HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
I 7%i ■$ lb: culls and brands. 6@6yaC %A tb: medium,
; 6@6y 2 * Ib; culls and brands. 5@5%c ft «>: light, |
i ! be; culls and brands, 4c; . Cowhides. s(Jts%c: culls ;
! and brands, 4@4%c: salted Kip, 5c it lb; salted ]
Calf. 7@Bc; salted Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and brands, B@B%c; dry Kipand Veal, B®9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls. 10c; Goatskins,
I 20@35c each Kids, 60; Deerskins, eood summer.
30c; medium. 15®25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 10(ail5c each; short wool, 2c<a
35c each; mealum. 40(550c each ; long wools, 50(_i
60c each. Culls of ail kind < about %c less.
TALLOW— So. 1. rendered. 3i/4®3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined. 5y 2 (&534c: Grease, 2%c V lb. Ship
ment of 400.000 lbs, valued at 915,000 to France.
WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@loy»c; do
lower grades. B@9%c '$ Ib; Nevada, 6@9c r 1 Ib;
San Joaquln and southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4%@6%c; : northern free,
7(&9c;do defective, 5@6%0 «l lb.
HOPS-Nominal at l%(g)3c V- lb.
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot. 94 25: San
Quenttn, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24%@26%c.
COAL— a circular for Australia says: "Since the
departure of the steamer Monowai there has been I
but one arrival from' any •'- Colonial port, viz.,
;*pr.ngburn with 399.1 tons. It Is several years
since this happened— one arrival in 30 days; the
reason we are all cognizant of, the continuation of
the labor troubles at the Newcastle mines. . It is
just two months since this strike commented, and
It has extended over more time already than any
one supposed at us Inciplency. Some grades of
I Colonial Coal are entirely, out of stock; still their
1 absence is not disturbing the "' market, -as the
! auoted values of our Coast products are unchanged
I although their sales are being materially lnci eased.
! There are four vessels now en route from Newcas
tle with 11,000 tons, iind three vessels from Syd
ney with 7500 tons. . Sydney ii>rgoes are being
free: y offered at low figures, both for early ana
late loading, which evidences that ship-owners pre
! fer to accept any freight . rates offering rather than
1 wait." ; ■ -  .-,.. ,-:..,.-■..■'..■, ■ -.•-:.■•■"■•.■",
Wellington is quotable at 98: New Wellington, j
1«8 %* ton: Southtielu Wellington.' 97 50 * ton; '
Seattle, 95@5 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, *7 60: BrymDO. 97 50;
Cumberland, $I]@U in bulk and *1'3@14 in nks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egit,- $11 50: Welsh
Anthracite, 98: Caunel, 97 50: Rock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, *7 60; Coke,
j $11@12 in bulk and 913/$ ton in sks. - .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Company
; quotes, terms net cash: übe, Crushed, Powdered
I and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A, sy c: Magnolia a. 4%c: Extra
iC, 4%c; Golden c, 43/ gC ; half-barrels, %c more
j than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
*gal. ■■.'"' - , " :- ■■ .-■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24: HOURS.. ■■■-■-',
Flour, ar. sks..;. ll.ig6;Butler. ctls. 188
Wheat, ctls 10-,492«;h»>ese, ct15...... 145
Barlej.ctls ..*., 4ti. st-:Kggs. doz 6,480
0at5.............. ■ «00 Hides, n0.... 105
Oregon.:... 2,057 Pelts, bdls ...... 2,160
Corn, ctls.. 1,280 Wool, bis 16«
Beans, 5k5........ 1.700 Wine, gals 38,200
j Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,664 Ta110w, cit5. ..... 16
Onions, 5k5....... 4 'J Lumber. M feet.. 50
MiddJlngs.sks... 50 Lime, bbls.. ..... '. " " i 81
Bran, sks...... .. 670 Paper, reams..... 2,100
Hay. t0n5........ 544 Katsins, boxes..." 800
Straw, t0n5...... 28! . .
■ ■
SAN FRANCISCO" MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .-. ''•''. '■.'■ '.'-.'/ !." . " * / '
BEEF— First quality, sc; second 0.0, 4%@1»/iC:
third do, 3%@4c ft lb. r .--- . . -^
VEAL— 4@6c; small, s@6c "$ !b.
MUTTON- Wethers. 6@sV>c: Ewes, 4@4%c
9 lb. • ,:.:■■/',- jf. -r -i : -^> ■v.: ■:
LAMB— Spring Lamb. s@si/ 2 c a lb. •*'■'-";.; J'-
PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vfe@3i.4c *$ Ib for large and
3%®35 y for small and medium; - dressed do, 4%
@5%c. r-- -V'.'j
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feature cf yesterday's market was the drop
in Occidental from «1 10 to 83c the .lowest figure
being touched on the noon Informal session. On
the afternoon call the stock recovered some of the
lost ground. The other stocks were weak ana
several cents lower than on the preceding day.
The close was firmer and several stocks sold : up
a little. , ' . "
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
has declared dividends of 4.32 per cent per annum
on term and 3.60 per cent on ordinary deposits,
payable July 1. y* > _', V :jj-
In the 1 hollar mine (old Comstock workings) in
the ; stope above No. 2 crosscut, .450 level, the
eighth and ninth floors continue to yield fair-grade
ore. In the south stope on this level on the third |
and fourth floors they are extracting ore of fair j
grade from stringers arid eld fillings. They have
shipped to the Nevada mill - for ' reduction during
the past week 134 tons and 600 pounds of ore.
Tbe average battery sample of the ore was 923 76.
They are repairing in the main 'incline and the
550-foot north lateral drift. ■ .
. In the Potosl mine (old Comstock workings) the
north drift from the top of the raise from the 450
level south drift is now out 145 feet; extended 32
feet during the week; face in clay and quartz.
They turned the drift east and cut Ibe clay wall.
The south lateral drift, 660 level, started from the
main west crosscut from the shaft is now out 88
feet; extended 30 feet since last report; face in
porphyry. On the tunnel level the raise started 50
feet south of main raise is up 21 feet; top shows
bunches of low-grade ore. The usual repairs are
underway. ' • ■
In the Crown Point mine on the 600 level ' they
started a west "^crosscut 36 feet north of west cross
cut 1 during this week and extended it 9 feet. The
face is in quartz assaying from 99 to 914 per ton.
They are now putting in square sets preparatory
to raising. . The south drift from the seventh floor
of the raise on the 1100 level is out 114 feet. The
face is in porphyry and quartz of low grade. .. Vv,' r
• The joint Confidence, Challege Consolidated and
Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from tbe !
surface tunnel is out 657 feet. The face shows
porphyry. West crosscut 3 from the surface tun
nel is out ten feet, Ine face is in quartz showing
no value. - . ;'. .
In . the BeTcher mine tbe ore extraction during
the past week amounted to fifty-six mining car
loads, averaging per assay $21 72 per ton.
The Segregated Belcher mine yielded during the
week twenty-three, mining carloads 01 ore. assay
ing upon the average $23 21 per ton.
The Ontario mine of Utah has declared a divi
dend of 10 cents per share, or $15,000, payable on
the 30th. ■
The Smuggler Union Mining Company of Colo
rado has declared a dividend ot $1 per share, pay
able July 1. ; '- • ' ,
BOAKU SALES.'
rollewlne were the »-i" in l -» San Fr*net««
Btocic Board yesterday. V > : > >-il%V>-'
RKSTTI.AR MOBNtN.i RKB.3TON «!VClSr<» 9:VX
700 Alpha 13650 CC*V...r.Bo|2ol) Potosl... 1.25
100 Alt* 13100 Crwn Pt. .47J700 1.20
300 Andes... .31 250 461500 Sa vac. l.ls
200 30100 Excnqr... 5eg8e1...13
350 8e1cher....47|1150 G AC..1.25i700 .12
200 '..48100 ......: 1.301700 8 Nev.... 67
350 BAB 88100 HAN.. 1.65 100 ...........68
400 Bodie 17,500 Mxcn.....72 400 Uni0n.. ..65
201) 8u11i0n... 22 950 0ccdt.. .1.05 200 ...66
400 21 lOUOputr.. .l.'3O 251) V Jackt...46 I
400 Cha11n_.. . 811250 .. ...... 1.26 46 I
400 Ch011r.. 2.76 800 Ovrmn....2i 1&0 ............*7 ;
450 2.701200 ....22J00 48
160 CCAV...1.85|400 .....20 50 49 '
A»TKR\OOS SESMOK— 2:X).
500 A1paa....13100 C P0int... 48,300 Ophir... 1.30
400 Andes.... 300 GAC....i:30U50J 0vrmn....23
500 belcher.. 49 300 ..;..: 1.35-00 Potosl.. 1.20
200 B &8....89 100 HAN. 450 Say 1.30
250 Bodie 45 200 Julia.: 12 100 Seg B 14
200 8u11i0n.. .21 100 K. ntck....oS 200 15
100 Challne. .32 Mex. 74.500 Union ...65
SOU Ch0ur.... 2.75 100 .......... .7310U Utah Otf
100 3.70 400 0ccidt1.... 95 1650 YJac*»i4B
200 CCA V.. 1.90 100 ...... 9tfl .
Following wer* tn« «i»4 in ma Paciao Stow ;
fcoard yesterday. . - -
KK«ur,AR nie istok— lo:Tt
600 Alpha.-. 15300 Crwn PU..47200 0cc1dt1....86 !
300 13,200 Exchqr...Os 400 85
400 Alia. 12 600 UAC... .1.15 300 91
300 Andes. ...3l 300 .'.1.17% 200 »2
400 8eicner...49200 1.^400 0pnir...1.30 j
300 .......... .60 200 1.22% 100 .... ..1.27
400 -....47 1800 1.JJi.400 ...... ....l.io
300 48 200 1.27% i 6OO O vrmn . . 2o
700 BAB 89 1200 ........1.30 600 P0i05i..1.20
200 »7200 1.35 700 1.22%
1200 88200 HAN.. .1.05 500 l.Su
90J 90200 1.60 Soo.' 1.27%
400 8u11i0n. ..21200 8 700 «avf.l.l7Va
400 700 1.001400 ..I.lb
900 19 300 Julia ..... It 600 ..........1%
300 Caleda 17 400 Justice.. .o6 500 Scorplon..o6
200 Cballge.. .3l 200 Kentuck..o? 400 8 B A M...12 !
450 Ch0ir.... 23^500 L Wash... o4 200 »Nt 67
200 ...... 2.72% 60J Mexn 70900 ...... .....«5
800 2.7u,500............71 JOOS Hill ....02
900 .-..;.. 2.65:200 0ccd... .1.10 400 Union C..61
400 2.77V0600 .'.1.07% 200 . ....... ....64
100 2.80 300 1.05500 ...........65
1050 CCV.... 1.85 600 ........ .1.00 600 Uiah 08 I
600 C0n1t... .1.001200 .95300 V JMKM..4B :
200 98 SOU 901000 ....47
4000 Con 1m..02 700 .... ....... 89 200 46
400 C0nNY. .041300 ....... 87,400 46
AITfBNaOS SI SSIOX— I:'.\l.
300 A1nhn,.....1340'J CCV.1.82V»200 0phtr. ..1.35
•_'OO 15^00 ...,1.8j300 ........ .1%
400 Alta. 12 600 ........ 1.90 300 Overman. '£o
200 Ande5.... 30 300 1.96 200 ............34 I
400 3Z!300 2.06 200 Potosl.22V a
200 33 16U .2.07% 150 l.*& !
1200 Belcher..49 100 C P01ut....4» 400 1.27 V a <
60... 47700 49 300 1.30 |
500 52 200 Excnqr....o6 tiOO 5av5.1.17% i
400 63400 G AC... 1.30 300 1.20 '
300 BAB. 89 300 .1.32% 100 1.22% I
100 90 200 1.30200 Scorpion..o7 \
200 ....... 92|:<00 HA.M...1.65 16OU 58AM..12
600 96 200 ': 1.67% 500 14
300 ..97 400 ...... 1.70 200 SNv. 6tt
• 200 Bodle 47300 134100 68
800 Bullion... 400 Alex.;.. ft 400 .....73
300 22 200 74 1500 Sll Hi 11. .03 !
100 Mulwer....Bo-.*oo ....75 30J Union 65
200 Caleda.... 16 500 78 500 70
20UC_iln_e...Sl 200 M0n0... -..07 200 Utah 07 I
100 34 500Occd 95 300 «8
boo Chllr ....23/i 400 ......:.;.. 96 200 ;......:.... 09 I
200 2.77% 300 ......98 40t» V J0kt....47 !
60 conn.. ..1.00 400 .99 200 ...........49
1000 C Imp ..02 200 0ph1r...1.30 • • :. .
'• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY,' June 85-4 T. it. •
Bid. Asked. .
AlphajCon. ... 14 16 Bid.Atked.
Ana. 13 14 Julia. ...:. 11 18
Andes..... 34 85 Justice. ..05 06
Belcher 61 52 Kentuck 02 04
Best A Belcher 97 98 Lady Wash. ... — 061
Beuton C0n. . . . 20 — Mexican.. ..... '77 79 I
Bodie -- 45!M0n0 06 — i
8u11i0n..*..... 22 24 Nevada Queen. - 06 |
Bulwer. — 30 Occidental. ... 97 99 1
Caledonia. 16 180phir....... .. 1.36 1.40 i
Chollar 2.75 2.BoOverman 28 : 25 1
C0n.Ca1AVa...2.05 2.i0! P0t051.....;.... 1.30 1.35 !
Challenge Con. aj. ■33 savage .1.20 1.25 !
Con. Imperial. 02; US Scorpio 1 ...... 06: 08
Confidence.... 1.00 ' 1.10 Seg. Belcher... 14 16
Con New York 04 - Syndicate... -..., — fO4
crown Point... 60 61 silver Hill — 06
EustSierraNev — C 5 Sierra Nevada. • 71 73
Exchequer.... — 08 Union Con 69 70
Gould A Curry. 1.36 1.40 Utah r..::.. 09 10
HuieANorcrs.l.7o 1.751 Yellow Jacket. : 49 60
, GOLD MINING -EXCH A VG:I.
Champion 500 Lock wood Con.. 35
8id........... 2600 100 ....:.;...... 36
Asked .\SOOt, • Providence
200 Edna 39 Bid ..:. 60 00
600.. 40 . Savannah.......
100.... 41 A5ked.....;..;...... 46
200 Grant. ....... li 20') Sebastopol 49
100 14 ......-.....;... 60
Kennedy....... 100 ........:........ 61
8id... ................ 1000 Thorpe ...... _
A5ked. ......... 12 00 Asked :....... 95
Keystone Con. - ». . Yburra..
Bid : :. 65 00 Asked 100
300 Lock wood Con. 34
LOCAL, SECDBITIBS. ' . • '
Bid 2 Humboldt 8ank.....;...." „.;.... 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron W0rk5............... 87
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water ....'..'......... 6 75
Bid 60 Spring Valley Water..... 98 00
Asked 50 San Francisco Gas ...; 96 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June 26—2 p. it
TJNITKD STATES BONUS. ' '
Bid. Atked.\ • • Bid. Asked.
US 4s c0up.. 108% - lv 84s reg...109% —
Donewl.«suell6%ll7i/? . > :.. -. ■
: MISCELLANEOrS BONDS. ' .
Cal-<<tCbl#s<i. — 112%|P«cRoll MBS. - —
Cal Eire LUs — 122% Do 2d is 65... — —
Cntra C W — 97 P* O Ky65.105 120
I)pnt-stex-cp 95 100 PACh 'By 6s; — • 107 '
EdsnL<ftP6sl2o - Pwl-st RR6». — . 116%
FACHI.R6s.IOS - Reno, Wi^SL — 105.
Geary-stKss.lO2 — SactoPAL. —'-102%
LosAngLOs. — 99 ISFAN PR ss. 100% 101 v a
Do Guteed 6s — 103 SPRRAriz«s ■•- :.■■ 963/ i.
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - SPKRCaI 6».1OS%111
DoKyConss..los%loß SPRRCaI6s. — — '"■'
NatVln6slst 96 — SPBrRCaIBs. — 101
NevCNcH's. ha 105 .«VWa1er«5..119%11984
N PCRR63. — 108 SVWatcr4s..- 99 V* 09 a /i
NRy Cal (is. 104% - SlktnGAE6s — 100
NRy Cal 6s. - 100 f=unsiTAT6s 100 — - ' .
Oak Gas ss. .100 104% Sutter-stßss.lO7V_ •'— ": .
Do2d is 55..10434i05V« VisallaWC6s — —
Omnibus b5.118%119% : : ■■ .. -.
• , : : -'. ■'.."■ : IVATKR STOCKS. ';:■ ■• ;■■'■•■
Contra Costa 38 — 1 San Jose — . —
MarlnCo... 50 — |Sprng Valley 98% 88%
BAB STOCKS. ;
Capital...'.... 20 il iPaclttc Lli»ht 48%; 50 i
Central 95 — . San Francsco 941.4 P4 3 /4
OakGLAH 5.! stocktou — 31%
Guslmp. 86 87%' ; .
. V ', INSURANCE STOCKS. .
Flreman'sFdl7o ; — |Sun ........ 25 60,
. - .. COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. .. ,
AmerBATC. — : — LondonPAA.l2B%lSo .
Anglo-Ca1.... 61% - LondonASF. J— - 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 238 242% Merch Ex... 13 " —
CaISDATCo 54 Ti7 Nevada...... — — '
FlrstNationl. — 187%!Sather BCo. — —
Grangers — — \
J. SAVINGS BANK STOCKS. '
OerSALCo.I4OO 1445 A Loan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 j Security 250 280
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
FSa vUnion ) — % 490 ?; .
.'-. ■-.;■ ;■ : ; STRKKT BAILKO4TJ STOCKS.
California 108 - Oak SLAHay . — 100
Geary-5t...... — • 65 |Prestdlo 7 ' —
ilarket-su... 44% 44%SQtter-5t..... — —
POWBKK STOCKS."
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon.... 24 25%
Eastern D... 75 ■■ 80 Judson D.... — —
California.... 81 96 K'igoriu ..... 40c 95c
• : . " miscellaneous stocks. }. -
Alaska Pkrs. 90 96 , Nat VI Co.. 76 —
BlkDCoalCo. —'* 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24%
Cal Cot Mills - — Pac Aux FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison L1ght120%1203 / .Pac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Assn. — — Part PalntCo 6% 7%
GerLeadCo. 85 — 'PacTr. naCo. — 24
HawCASCo.. 19 ; Pac TAT Co. 70 —
Hutch PCo 22% 23%'SunsetTAT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 lUiated C Co. — . 25
JBlElec Light 4 4%1
SALES— MOK-WV9 SESSION
Board— '.'■■ •
»0 Market-st Railway, b5...... 44 50
16 SF Gaslight..'... 94 25
6SV Water 98 60
'i - Street— •
5 Bank of California.:.. 239 00
$1000 Femes A Cliff House Bonds 105 00
-- 5 Pacific Gas Imp ............. «$6 00
BALKS— AFTKBKOON SKS3IO*.
Board— • • . ■ ,
225 Hutchinson S P Co. 22 50
I 25 do do 22 62%
1 50 do ' do SO* 76
25 -do do 22 87%
$2000 Market-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 105 76
* Street—
91000 Ferries A Cliff House Bonds 103 00
93000 SPof A Bonds 96 75
■ ' .■" : * — — • . ' •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
- Alexander Gordon (guardian) and Howard C.
Murray (by guardian) to Mary P., W. S., M. Grace,
George B. aud SI. Belle McLellan, lot on S line of
Washington street, 103 W of Polk, W 32:6 by 0
127:8%; 96500.
' Jacob T. McGlone to Charles F. McDermot, lot
on S line of Fell street, 167:6 W of Scott,- W 52:6,
S 185, SE 62:6, N 205: $10.
Jones, Allen A Ca to Rebecca H. WaddeU, lot
on NW corner of Lombard and Broderick, W
137:6, N 137:6, W 137:6, N 137:6, E 275, S 275;
910. ■
Albert and Rebecca Wnddell to Eunice G. llen
dricks, 50-vara lots 1, 6, 6, in Western Addition,
block 665 (8 W corner of Chestnut and Broderick
streets, S 275, W 137:6, N 137; 6, W 137:6, M
137 E 275). subject to mortgage: $10.
Mary A. Hafenegger to William Nicol, lot on svv
corner of Tonquin and BroderiCK streets, « 137:6
by W 137:6: 910, -
Henry, Lillie and Jeannette Wolff, Mrs. J. Din
kelspiel and Henry Schwartz (by T. E. Ryan, com
missioner), to Herman Eriauger, lot on SE line of
Howard street. 80 SW of First. SW 26 by Si-. 85;
also lot on SE line of Howard street, 105 SW of
First, S\V 25 by SE 85: also lot on NE line of
Ninth street. 75 .«iW of Bryant, M W 20 by NE 85:
also let on NW line of Market street, 46:3V 8 -'"'''•
of Hermann, NE30:9%, N 90:7%, W 25, a 107:4;
*9510. ,
H. and Sarah Erlanger to Regica Werthelmer,
same (four descriptions);. $10.
Gilbert B. Dens< iore to Zacharie Nouque, lot on
NE corner of L.ke street and Thirteenth avenue.
40 by N 72; 910.
sol, Dora, Hose ana B rnard Getz to Christen
P. Christensen, to: on W line of Twentieth avenue,
160 N of X stree- N 60 by W 120: 910.
Patrick and Johanna Buckley to William C.
Hamerton, lot 405, Gift Map 1: $10.
Adeles S. Shafer (nee Magendle) to Will am H.
Thomas) lot on N line of Shields street, 25 E of
Ford, E 50 by N 100, block 13, City Land Asso
ciation: 910.
Oscar C. Waterhouse (administrator estate of
Richard Drummond) to same, same; $77.
. Charles and V.oU C. Carr 10 Thomas F. Moran,
lot on N line of Minerva street, 200 E or Ply
mouth. E 25 by N 125, block T, Railroad Home
s:ead2; 910. . '
Peter and Mary Hoerdt or Heerdt (by R. I.
Whelan, sheriff) to J. s. Reid, lot on SW line of
Sixth avenue south, 225 NW of L street, N W 75
by SW 100, block 1.2, Central Park Homestead;
9179.
ALAKEDA COUNTY.
J. N. Williams to C. D. Vincent, the Doe Tract,
bounded by Telegraph avenue (Clarmont avenue),
College avenue. Sharon street and Colby avenue,
excepting lots 1, 2, 3, 22.and 23, block F, and lot
23, block A, lot 11, block l-\ Revised Map of Clare
mont-avenue Tract, subject to contract of sale
made with Charles A. Conuett for lots 7 to 13,
block 1). also contract of sale made with Marion G.
Brown for lots 21 and 22, block B, Revised Map of
Claremont-avenue Tract, Oaklani Township: also
lot on SE corner of University avenue and Califor
nia street, E 150 by S 138. being portion of range
12, Hardy Tract. Berkeley: also lot on S line of
Blake street. 91.61 W of Shattuck avenue, W 75
by S 129.65, being portion of plat 68, rancho V.
and D. Peralta, Berkeley; also the W 100 feet of
lot 18, block A, Woolaey Tr»ct, Berkeley; also
property in San Francisco: 910.
Minnie K. Tucker to Clare B. Tucker, lot on S
line of Santa Clara avenue, 150 E of Pine street,
E 45:1 by S 120, Alameda: gift.
bame to Mac E. Tucker, lot on Santa Clara
avenue, 195:1 E of Pine street, E 45:1 by S 129
Alameda: gift.
F. R. Whitcomb (administrator of the estate of
J. B. Whitcomb) to Lawrence Haggorty, undivided
one-half interest in lot 17, block 6, amended map
of Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations,
Berkeley: 8175.
Christopher C Webb (by attorney) to same, un
divided % interest in same, Berkeley: 910.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to John A. Lund
stedt, lot on W line of Eighth street, 100 S of
Allston way, S 35 by W 135, being the N 85 feet
of lot 8. block 117, Alls'.on Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Same to Robert G. and Annie Heans, lot on E
line of McGee street. 40:75 S of Lincoln, S 30 by
E 100. being the N 30 feet of lot 14, block C,
Eli.h Tract, Berkeley; 95. '
S. C. and H.J.Martin to George Roeth, lot on
NW line of Eleventh avenue, L 51 .69 NE of Ea*t
Twenty-eighth street. NW 145, NE 50.05, 5E 147.
SW 60 to beginning, being lot 12 and SW 10 ieet
of lot 11, block B. Bella Vista Park, East Oak
land; 910.
Estella G. Wilson to M. A. Commlns, lot on NE
line of East Nineteenth street, 50 SE of Twentieth
avenue, SE 75 by NE 140, being lots 3, 4 and 5,
block 49, San Antonio; also lot on SK line of East
Nineteenth street, 126 bE of Twentieth avenue,
SE 50 by NE 140, being lots 6 and 7. block 49,
same; also lot on hW line of East Twentieth
street, 100 NW of Twenty- first avenue, NW 76 by
SW 140, being lots 17, 18 and 19, block 49, same,
East Oakland: $10.
Catharine Meierdlerks to Johanna Putzman,
Anna Scbroeder and M. Meierdierks, lot on NE
corner of Kaliroad avenue and Oak street, E 100
by-N 150, block 47. lands adjacent to Encinal,
Aiameda; glit. ,
Rebecca H. and Albert Waddell to Eunice G.
Hendricks, same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
George M. and Sadie E. Grant to Jane W.
Lovell (wife of Sidney), lot 99, Searles* Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. • , . .-
William and Mary Lawrence to Laura Masson, 1
lot on N line of C street, distant SW 98:9 from the '
point of intersection of SW Fifth and North C,
thence SW 60, NW 172, NX 50, SE 165 to begin
ning, town of Hay wards, Eden Township.; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Annie Donahue (by attorney) with Fink A
Scnindler, interior woodwork fora frame building
on. NE corner Broadway and Buchanan street,
$5484: Clinton Day. architect.
George Wendel with D. Currie. carpenter work,
etc, for a three story frame building on S line ■of
Halght street, 106:3 W of Fillmore. $6275: Foist
A Schwert, architects.
• Same with Westphal A Voikman, gas-fitting,
plumbing and sewer work on same, $1165; same
architect. ,
. George D. Toy with A. E. Buckman, grading,
bulkbeadlng, logging, shoeing and underpinning
and removal of old buildings on W line of Powell
street, 68:9 N of O'Farrell, $2800: Herman A
Swain, architects. .
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jdne, 1896
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
• r. P. Coast ajtd Gkodbttc Surv-b- TrD»"«
Pcblishrd by Ofttciai. >-
ArTHORTTY or THI SUPKBryTKyDIt.N-T. )
Friday, June 26.
Sunrises 4.48 1 Moon rises.....! 9.01 pat
Pun seta..... 7.37 1 Moon sets.
I ' Jnne — 1890.
Note— ln the above exposition of tne ;i,ies the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The seco-.rt time
column gives the second tide of the day, (he third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but. three tides, as sometime*
occurs. The heights given are ndditlons ;o ;he
soundings on the United States Coast Purvey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precoii.-s the
height, and then the number given is subtractivs
from lbs tiepth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbographic Ofpick. U. S. N.. %
M KUCHA NTS' Exchajjok. >-
Sax Fbancisco. June 25. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it., Greenwich time.
• -;N 'V a. F. Fkchtki,eb,.
nontenant U. S- X- m ch»rge.
S HIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, June 25.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, 41 hours from Hue
neme: produce, to Cbas Nelson.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 14 hours from
Mendocino. via Point Arena — hours: pass and
mdse, to Mendodno Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 17 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co. .
Stmr Bonita, Downing, 60 hours from Ven
tura and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stiur Mineola, Pillsbury 80 hours from Tacoma;
3600 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct. -.
■ Brig Wm G Irwin, 1 Williams, 22 days from
Honolulu; 8471 bags sugar, to J D spreckels &
Bro« Co. 1 :
. Schr Albion. Svenson, 7 days from Nebalem
River; 125 M ft lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
Co.
Cleared. .' .7 .
THURSDAY. June 25.
Stmr Alameda, Van Otendorp, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels A Bros Co. ■ ■
. Br ship Conishead, Bromley, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. June 25.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes.
Stmr Alameda, Van ■ Otendorp,' Sydney and
Honolulu.
Stmr Noyo, Levmson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Geo Luomis, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr National City. Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoctna
Nor bark Fortuna, Mlkkelsen, Tacorna.
Schr Five Brothers. Rasmnssen, Bihlers Point.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. Point Arena.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
Schr Queen, Edwardsen.
6chr Moro. Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Telegraphic.
' POINT LOBOS. June 25— 10r. it— Weather
foggy, wind W; velocity. 12 miles.
Charters.
The schr Nokomis loads cannery supplies for
Alaska: ship Oriental, coal at Departure B»y for
this port.
V, : ; Spoken.
Per stmr Excelsior— June 7 In lat 53 04 N, long
149 W, bark J D Peters from Chignik Bay for ban
Francisco.
May SO— Lat 18 S, lone 36 W, Br ship City of
Benares, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 20— Lat 45 X, long 11 W, Br bark Inver
neill, from London, for San Francisco.
Per brig W G Irwln-June 23— Lat 37 04 N, lone
131 17 W. saw a baric showing signal letters J R
D X bound west.
V:'.\ :..'- Memorandum.
Per stmr Excelsior— Left in port, at Sand Point
June 16. the U 8 stmr Richard Rusn.
Miscellaneous.
NEW YORK, June 25— Bark Edward May from
New fork for Honolulu before reported was again
seen on Jane 16 in lat 41 2 N. long 58 23 W. with
all sails set steering as close to the westward as
wind would permit. Afternoon of same day a
fresh gale rom WSW, veering in the nlgnt to
WNW sprang up.
Correction. :
In domestic ports of yesterday the schr General
Banning sailed from Cay cos for Port Angeles, and
not the schr American Girl as resorted.: . ■
Domestic Ports.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived June 24— Nor
atmr Peter Jebsen, from Nanalmo.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 25— Schr John A
Campbell, for Port Blakeley.
BOW ENS LANDING— Sailed Jans 25— Schr
Newark, for San Kranclsco.
WESTPORT— Passed June 25— Stmr Albion, fm
Devilbiss Landing.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived June 23-Schr Web
foot, hence June 6.
Sailed June 24— Schr Sailor Boy, for San Fran
cisco.
PORTTOWNSEND— Arrived Jane 26— Schr E
X Wood, from Tientsin.
REDONDO— SaiIed June 25— Bfctn Northwest
and bark Vldette, for Portland; stmr Laguna.
POINT ARENA— Sailed June 26— Stmr Whltes
boro. for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived June 26— Schr Etta B,
hence June 24. .
EUREKA— SaiIed June 25-Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco; stmr South Coast and schr
Laura Pike, for San Francisco: stmr Alice Blanch
ard, for Portland: schr Esther Buhn*, for San Joss
de Guatemala; schr Elnorah, for Santa Barbara;
stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 25— Nor baric
Eira, from Port Townsend.
Foreign Ports.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed June 24— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jnne 33— Br bark Pen
rbyn Castle, from Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived June . 23— Br stmr W_rrl
moo. from Vancouver.
KOBE— Sailed June 19— ship Dundee, for
Royal Roads.
MANCHESTER— June 24-Ital baric
Giuseppe, hence Feb 6. ; ' -
Movements of Trans- Atlantic) Steamers.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed June
25— Stmr Nederland. from Philadelphia, for Ant-
NEW YORK-Arrived June 25— Stmr Spree, fm
NEW YORK— Arrived June 25— Stmr Spree, fm
Bremen and Southampton.
Hailed June 25— Stmr Faerst Bismarck, for
Hamburg.'
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out June 24— Stmr
Havel.
. PLYMOUTH— out June Stmr Au
gusta Victoria.
GENOA— Sailed June 25— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
LONDON— Sailed June 26— Stmr Massachusetts,
for New York. • -
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed June I*s— Stmr Zaan
dam, from New York, for Amsterdam. ■
Importation).
HUENEME-PerLakme-3105 sks barley, 1 bx
hardware, 5 sks beans, 3 bdls pelts.
NAVARRO— Per Point Arena— 36l4 rrties.
Mendocino— 7o Mft lumber, 23 bdls hides and
pelts. '
Point Arena— l firkin 48 bxs butter, 25 dressed
hogs. 2 coops chickens, ! 61 bdls hides and pelts, 1
sk wool, 20 cans tallow, 1 chst mdse.
SANTA CRUZ ISLAND— Pcx Bonita- 1104
sheep.. • .••• ■*■"■ - : -t^ ■ ..- ■
San Simeon— l 47 bogs.
Lornpoc— 3 kegs 47 bxs butter, 84 sks Dearth,
63 bdls hides, 8 bxs garlic seed, 1 crate spice, 1 bx
books. 1 bdl castings. 1 bx hardware. 5 pkgs mdse,
5 bbls i allow, 1 sk leather, 1 cs saddlery. -
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 9 bxs type, %keg 1 13
bxs butter, 2 chests berries, 1 sk skins. 2 obis min
eral wate, 260 M shingles, 166 bdls pickets, i bdls
posts, 2 cs shoes. 7 pkgs express, 2 s«s coi .
E B and E R R-25 tubs 327 bxs butter, 1 keg
butter, 1 roll carpet, 2 rolls matting. - ..- -
Robnerville— J74 sks potatoes.'
Junction— l sk wool. 182 sks oats, 181 sks pota
toes. • 1, v
Burnells— 72 sks 38 hf sks wool. \
• MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— l 6 pkgsmdse.B bxs <
256 sks dry squids, 4 bxs butter, 6 cs cheese.
M oss Landing— l bx butter. .
Blanco— l cseges. .
Salinas— s pkes mdse.
. Watsonville— 2o pkgs mdse.
Santa Cruz— 36 pkgs mdse, 15 cs cheese, 7 rolls
leather, 20 bdls calfskins, 3 bxs butter, 22 bdls
cattle hair. 800 bbls lime.
Oon«len«<)i.
Per Gipsy-Standard Oil Co: Jonas Erl anger A
Co: Brigham, Hoppe A Co: . Dairymen's Union: J O
Beck; Herman Joost; \V F Mitchell: Union Ice Co;
Cal Bottling Co: Buffalo Brewery; San Francisco
Chemical Works: Norton, Teller Co: William
Whalley : Hammond A Brod; H Cowell A Co: AW
Fink: Kron Tanning Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; H
Holmes Lime Co: Goldstein A Co: T J Hubbell.
- Per BonHa— Santa Cruz Island Co; 8 Levy A Co:
Standard Oil Co: Wleland Brewing Co; Crystal
Sodk, Water Co: Cal Bottling Co: Pacific Coast
Newspaper Syndicate; Cox Seed and Plant Co; Pac
Butchers' S'.ipply Co: Deere Imp Co: 1 X Woods
A Co: Baker A Hamilton: W W Montague A Co: A
Flelshhacher ACo; W BSumner A Co; Hills Bros;
CE Whitney Co: Ulimer. Kredholt ASciiulz: L
B sag •; Dairymen's Union; Wheaton, Breon A Co:
Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Kowalsky A Co: Alvlso 8 B
Co; A Paliles: G C Fowler: N Clark A Sous; Roth,
Blum <fc Co: Western Meat Co. ■
• Per Pomona— Amer Press Assn: H Levy AC»:
Brigham, Hoppe A Co; 1.0.m0n Woven Wire Co: C
Nauruaii; Cobnrn. Tevis A Co; Dairymen's Union;
Dodee, Sweeney Co: Enterprise Brewery;- DO
Roberisou; F W Cook: H Liebes A Co: Hills Bros:
Hi hernia Brewery: Humboldt Mineral Water Co;
Hlliner, Bredhoff &Schul2:.C! E Whitney A Co: J
M. i»oore: Brlghain. Uopse ACo : H L Judell; F C
Arnold; Overland Freight and Transfer Co: West
Coast. Faucet Co:- Wells. Fargo A Co: Wolf A Son;
Shoobert, Beale & Co; Hulme A Hart: F B Halghf
Dodge. Sweeney A Co : Getz Bros & Co: Christy A
SVi*»: Tuos Dennisan A Sous; E R Stevens A Co-
O B Smith A Co; W & J Sloane A Co: Standard Oil
Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co; Rosenthal. Feder A Co.
•.£". ?> nt Arena— Wilson A Baechtel; Roberts
A D "' Dairymen's Union: Wheaton, Brton A Co:
W B Sumner A Co: Ross A Hewlett: Mendocin*
Lumber Co: Norton. Teller A Co. - ~
Per Lakme— Jackson Brewing Co; 8 Jacob*.WEALTHY MIME
MAN DISAPPEARS,
Left His Young Wife to
Make a Trip to
Europe.
SHE IS NOW DESTITUTE
When Her Husband Departed
the Household Treasury
Was Empty.
may have met foul play.
Mrs. Daniels Hints That She May
Not See Her Husband
Again.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 25. f
Mr. Daniels of 588 Thirty-third street baa
disappeared somewhere between his home
and Liverpool and his wife can find no
trace whatever of him.
The circumstances attending the drop- !
pine out of sight of Mr. Daniels are en- J
tainly mysterious and have given risen to \
many theories advanced by the neighbors j
of the distracted wife. The Daniels have j
been married but a year or two and resided '
at their present home nearly a year. They
are comparatively wealthy and Mr. Dan
iels had no profession, but was generally
understood to be a stockbroker, He was
always well supplied with money, paid \
his obligations where he went, and he and !
bis handsome wife led a quiet life, receiv- :
ing but few friends.
Nearly three weeks aeo Mr, Daniels told
his wife he had decided to make a trip to i
Liverpool, England, for the benefit of his j
lualtb. He went off and has not been j
heard of, neither has he arrived at his dcs- I
tination nor did he ship on the steamer
on which he intended to take passage, j
Telegrams to all points have not brought J
eny news, ana if something is not re- I
ceived soon there is grave danger that the
young wife's reason may be impaired. For
several days she has been bordering on
Lysterics and cared for by friends.
Mrs. Daniels has confided her story to ;
several friends and it bears some resem- j
blance to a mystery tale of which the j
chief chapter is left to the imagination.
'When he first spoke about going off," I
said Mrs. Daniels, "I intended to go with J
him, but he was in too much haste to j
allow of my preparing for such a journey.
When he left me I had but 80 cents in my
pane, and he was to send me money in a I
couple of days. He was to have written to '
me from various places, but I have not j
received any money or any letter. He !
used to deal in stocks, and was always
well supplied with money, and l never \
knew what it was to be short. Our mar- j
ried life has always been happy and pleas- j
ant, And I fear that my husband must
have been taken sick or met with some j
accident and is somewhere where he is not j
known. He was very jolly when he left, j
and I expected to receive letters from him i
all along the route of bis journey. The j
steamer on which he was to cross the i
Atlantic has arrived at Liverpool, and he
was not a passenger. I am at a loss to
explain the strange circumstance."
This afternoon the friends of Mrs. Dan
iels had to carry her meals, as she was
perfectly destitute. She is but 25 years of
age and has confided to her friends the
fear that she may never meet her husband
again. ________________
APPEAL OF BLIND MEN,
Ohject to Being Classed With
Chinese Laborers and
Convicts.
The Sightless Workers Who Ask the
State Labor Commissioner for
Protection.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 25. \
The blind broomniakers are aggrieved.
A few weeks ago a petition was addressed j
to Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald by fifty j
representatives of the broommaking in- |
dustry of San Francisco, asking for relief, j
The petition was printed in full in The
Call of June 9. Since that time the blind
workers in the Horns for Adult Blind in j
North Oakland have held several informal ;
meetings, and to-day they prepared a pc- j
tition to the Labor Commissioner, giving j
their view of the situation.
"We feel that we are likely to suffer \
from the misrepresentations made in the i
petition," said E. B. Taylor, who was dele- i
gated to visit the Oakland office of The
Call, "and we are forced to defend our
selves."
The petition contains the following:
Heretofore we could compete with other
manufacturers oniy in the poorer class of j
brooms. In these there is no profit. But un- !
der the guidance of sight and skill we have j
been able to place upon the market the best j
quality of brooms (in which. there is profit)
and we are very proud of it ; proud of the fact
that we stand on an equality with those arti-
Minswho have sight; proud of the fact that we
tan earn a dollar of our own ; and still more
proud that it does not cost |he State a cent.
Among the numerous orders received during
the last few months was one for 2000 dozen
best quality brooms at current prices. This
hurts the San Francisco menuraciurer and he
gets together fifty men and boys (mostly boys)
and h'imbly petition! you, as an official of the
State, to crush our manhood by taking from
us our ( mployme.u and to turn this hive of in
dustry into a Stale almshouse.
Blind workers everywhere enter more or less
Into competition with the seeing men of other
trades, and for many years industrial homes
have been establish**! in several States of this
Union and also by the governments of other
countries, and it is nowhere on record, either
here in America or in Europe, that any class
of artisans have ever appealed to the authori
ties to abolish such industries except these liity
San Frnncisco broommakers; and we venture
the assertion, sir, that the broommakers who
signed this petition were instigated to do so by
one or more of the manufacturers in San Frae
cisco, *n<l we further assert thiit no American
artisan would append his name to any petition
to destroy our industry unless forced to do so
through fear of discharge.
They claim in their petition that "the State
should protect the honest Amorican laborer In
n chance to mate a living." YYe wish to
firove to you that we are ''honest American
aborers" and that the State is only protecting
us in a chance t . make a living. We wish to
■how you that those who walk in the realm of
darkness should have the privilege of being
self-supporting and independent as well as
those who walk In the realm of light.
THEY ARE UNHAPPY.
Mrs. J. O* Weiitphal Jr. Files a Suit
for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Cai,., June 25.— Mrs. J. C.
! Westphal Jr., wife of the junior member
I of the firm of J. C. Westphal & St>ns, pro
prietors of the Bay City Flouring Mills,
has instituted a suit for divorce from her
husband and the custody of two minor
children. She asks for alimony and a
restraining order to prevent the father
j and husband from selling the community
property.
Mr. and Mrs. Westphal wsre married in
Sauta Clara County, June 28, 1890. She
charges that there has hardly been a day
since that he did not become intoxicated,
and always when in that condition he
would abuse her, and that he has struct,
knocked down, endervoied to s-trangle and
even threatened to kill her. She says that
owing to this treatment she has been com
pelled to live separate from him a greater
part of the time.
FABIOLA'S BALANCE.
The Pprmiar Hogpital Receives a Neat
Sum as a K--.nl; of the May
Day Fete.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25. -William R.
Davis, president of the Fabiola floral fete
i of 1896, has made a report giving the final
I result of the May day festival, which
shows a balance of $2155 55 after all bills
were paid.
In closing tho report he says:
We desire also to express our sincere thanks
to every one contributing to Vhe succeas of tho
fete, and especially to Thomas Williams and
his associates, wno so generously donated the
use of the trotting part and furnisned other
valuable assistance and suggestions, and to
every exhibitor and participant taking part in
the events of the day, and to the judges who
so kindly undertook and discharged the diffi
cult duty of awarding the prizes among the
contestants.
The board of directors of the Fabiola
Hospital Association, in acknowledging
the receipt of the report and accompanying
coin, compliments the president on his
untiring efforts, and those associated with
him, and then says:
We know that in your work, while the first
I thought wss a benefit for Ffbiola. you ever
kept in mind the larger good to Oakland, to
Central California, and your efforts were re
[ warded with a floral parade that demonstrated
i to the strangers who visited us that Alameda
j County is second to none in floral wealth, and
that her people have the refinement and cul
• tivation that made it possible for them to ar
| range a floral parade wherein every carriage
i exhibited was a gem of artistic beauty. No
words could have conveyed such a lastiiig im
; pression of our matchless climate as the aoun
' dance of delicate flowers displayed on May 1,
all grown in the open air.
THOUGHT HE COULD SEE
Mrs Boyer Wants a Divorce
Because She Married a
Blind Man.
Her Sen Thrasted a Man Who Was
Too Friendly With His
Mother.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, June 25. j
Mrs. S. A. Boyer, who waa once station
agent at Oak street, wants a divorce fr^m
her husband, who is now an Inmate of the
Blind home.
Mrs. Boyer's affairs were made public
Tuesday afternoon because of a beating of
tier son, Eugene Reeves gave a man named
Thompson on Clay street.
She was married to Thomas Boyer
about four years ago and now says
that he was blind at the time but that be
concealed the fact from her. Since the
wedding he has heco me an inmate of the
Blind Home. Stories reached Boyer about
his wife and a man named Thompson and
he called to his assistance the stepson
Robert Reeves, an able-bodied younjg man
who likes to resent an injury. This was
about two weeks ago when Mrs. Boyer was
staying at the Galindo Hotel.
Early last week Mrs. Boyer left the
hotel, telling her aon that she was going
in the country. He did not believe the
story and started out to find his mother.
He found her at a Clay-street lodging
house. Young Reeves at once informed
Mr. Boyer of his discovery and his fear,
and they both waited for developments.
Presently they saw Mrs. Boyer gome up
the stairs with Thompson. Eugene Reeves
joined the pair and there was a scene.
When seen last night Mrs. Boyer said
that as soon as she was divorced she in
tended to marry Thompson.
Now Boyer will apply for a divorce and
the case will probably hane fire for weeks,
much to the chagrin of Mrs. Boyer, who,
it is said, has arranged to marry Thomp
son next week.
"I have not lived with Boyer for several
years," she said. "He deceived me when
we were married, and as soon as I found it
out -I left him. My boy did slap Mr.
Thompson, but that is all the thing
amounted to. He is mad because I won't
marry a rich old fellow who lives near Oak
street. This man has lots of money and
my boy wants to spend some of it for him.
If I were rid of Boyer to-night I would
marry Thompson to-morrow."
HIGH'S LIBEL SUIT.
A Case That Is Attracting the Atten
tion of All Classes in
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 25. — The trial
I of Gavin Dhu High, editor of the Oakland
j Times, on a charge of criminal libel, pre-
J ferred by William J. Dingee, president of
the Oakland Water Company, is set for to
morrow, before Judge Wood and a jury, in
the Police Court.
Assistant District Attorney L. S. Church
i will be assisted by W. W. Foote, while
j it is rumored that Mr. High may plead his
; owp case.
The witnesses for the prosecution are:
I Major J. B. Lauck, Mrs. J. B. Lauck, R. H.
! Magill Jr., A. C. Willard. Thomas Hansen,
W. E. Dargie, Georce C. Kaufman, Mrs.
i Roberts. W. E. Miller, ..lsaac Requa. W. W.
Garthwaito and Robert Knight. The case
has excited an unusual amount of interest
among all classes, and it is expected that
there will be some exciting scenes and sen
sational testimony brought out before the
| case is concluded.^
SHE MAY RECOVER.
I Mrs. Amanda Callotray Besting Kasy
With Two Bullets in Her
Body.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25.— Amanda
Calloway, the colored woman who was
shot three times last night by Mary Wag
ner, is lying at the Receiving Hospital
hovering between life ana death, with
some chance of ultimately recovering
from the effects of her wounds, and yet
she may die before another day rolls
around.
Her fate depends entirely upon the com
plications which may result from the in
ternal injuries. The bullet in the arm has
been removed, but the one in the thigh
and the one in the chest are still in her
body. To probe for the latter would no
doubt produce death, so it will be allowed
to remain in the lung.
WILL BECOME FAMOUS.
Girls of Mills Colli-ge Who Have Mar
ried Well.
MILLS COLLEGE, Cai.., June 25.—
There have been seven of the girls of Mills
College and Seminary mariied during the
present month, which is given as a good
omen for that institution. It has been
said that educated women do not marry,
but it will hardly hoid good of those who
attend the college here.
There have been five graduates and two
undergraduates, representing six classes,
wno have accepted wifehood. Of these
five married professional men — one a
clergyman, two lawyers, one a physician
au- cue a professor in a boys' school.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
MAY INCREASE
FERRY FARES,
The Information Regarding
Ferry Rates Is In
complete.
SOME FAULTY LOGIC.
v
The Manager's Explanation Is
Partly Explained by
Mayor Davie.
NEWS FOR ME. KRUTTSCHNITT.
Need of a Thorough Investigation of
the Points Before the Railroad
Commission.
Oaklawd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 26. j
Mr. Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific
Company is not familiar with ah the facts
regarding the rate war of Oakland fer
ries. Neither he nor Mr. Clunieseem to be
aware of the fact that there are people now
crossing the bay on tickets that Co9t only
2]4 cents apiece.
Only two years have passed since John
| L. Davie and J. M. Eassett operated a com
j petitive ferry and these gentlemen read
j the general manager's reply to the Rail
j road Comm ission with great interest.
Judging by the past they consider it only
a matter of time before the fare on the Sev
enth-street road to San Francisco will be
raised to the original price of 15 cents.
"If this matter is not settled by the Rail
road Commissioners according to the
law," said Mr. Davie to-day, "there will
without doubt be a return to the old order
of things and single trips will cost 15 cents,
as they did before our opposition. That
was before Mr. Kruttscunitt's time, but
not so long ago that the people of OaKlana
have forgotten it. For some months after
our service opened up the fare on both the
creek and the Seventh-street route were
the same, namely, 15 cents. After a time
the pier route was reduced to 10 cents and
the creek route to s cents. This continued
for a time and then they were pressed so
hard that they reduced the creek route
fare to 2% cents for a single trip. While
their tickets were in circulation parties
bought up large blocks of them and are
using them to this day.
"When the opposition ceased the creek
route rate was at once raised to five cents.
The law says that when a fare is reduced
by reason of competition it cannot be
raised again except on application to the
Railroad Commission. The commission
was ignored regarding creek route fares
and it is only reasonable to suppose that
the same thing will occur in regard to the
the Seventh-street route if Mr. Krutt
schnitt's incomplete statement, is not
properly understood.
"As to tne general manager's remarks
about the cost of operating not justifying
a reduction of the Seventh-street rate that
is absurd. There is money in carrying
people across the bay for a nickel, and we
nave proved it. \V« sh. uld have been do
ing it yet if the City Council at the rail
road's bidding had not refused to give us
a decent landing on this side.
"In my opinion the constitution was
framed for the purpose of dealing with
just such cases. Mr. Kruttschnitt's con
tention that there are two distinct routes
and that the "greater rate for a shorter
distance" clause does not apply in this
case cannot surely be made in good faith.
Carry out his theory and tne railroad
company has only to parallel some of the
best-payiiig portions of its route and
charge just what it pleases. Now that
this matter has been opened up the very
fullest investigation should be made by
| the commission."
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZE,
Rousing Meeting of the Support
ers of the Party in
Berkeley.
Judge R. C. Carpenter cf Los Angeles
the Speaker of the Evening.
Town News Nrtes
BERKELEY, Cal,. June 25.— The Re
publicans of East Berkeley effected a per
manent organization last night at Odd
Fellows' Hall after a series of rousing
campaign speeches and loud cheers for
McKJnley and Hobart. '
The speaker of the evening was Judce R.
G. Carpenter of Los Angeles, who nave a
lengthy address upon the history of the
Republican party, the good it has wrought
and the principles which it proposes up
holding in the campaign that is now on
John W. Striker, a member of the Re
puDlican County Central Committee, also
spoke.
Music was rendered by the campaign
quartet, composed of W. J. Oakes, A. G.
Cliff, L. T. Merwir. and R. E. Gilson.
When the time for permanent organiza
tion came, Joseph McClain was chosen
president, and a committee of seven, as
follows, was appointed on by-laws:
First Ward, A. L. Ott.
Second. Professor E. J. Wickson.
Third, John If. Ft y.
Fourth, E. Claresy.
Fifth, H. D. Irwin.
Sixth, I. Hamilton.
Seventh, \V. M. Heywood.
The next meeting of the club will be
held on Tuesday evening, the 30th inst.
Honor for Stratton.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 25.— News was
received in Berkeley this morning by In
structor E. B. McGilvary of the depart
ment of philosophy at the t^tate Univer
sity that the doctor's degree, with the
honor, summa cum laude, was conferred
by the University of Leipsic upon In
structor George M. Stratton, who has
been studying advanced psychology there
for the past two years.
The honor is seldom conferred by the
university and only upon the candidates
having done work of exceptional distinc-.
tion. This was granted to him upon the
presentation of his thesis on psychology,
wtiicti was filed in anticipation of his
doctor's degree.
Instructor Stratton will return to the
State University about the middle of Sep
tember to take up the work of instruction
in tiie new psychological laboratory to be
established next term.
Heath and Hi* Razor.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 25.— Charles
Heath, a negro bootblack, waa arrested
to-nieht and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon, having attempted to carve
the throat of Walker McEnleo with a
razor. In the effort to cut McEntee's
ju-iular vein, the razor slipped and almost
entirely severed the thumb of Heath's
own right hand.
The quarrel between Heath and McEn
tee was the result of an old feud, bad blood
having existed between the two for some
time. McEntee was passing the stand of
the bootblack when Heath struck him in
the face. A c iich followed, and Heath
was petting the orst of the fray when he
pulled a razor from his inside pocuet and
made a slash at the throat of McEntee.
His aim missed and the blow was spent on
McEntee's coat, which was cut entirely
across from left shoulder to right hip. So
tigiit a grasp did Heath have on his oppo
nent's neck that blood flowed freely from
the finger-nail marks left.
Heath assaulted and almost choked to
death Samuel Wakeham of Berkeley some
months ago.
New Branch Postofflce.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jane 25.— A sub
station of the Berkeley Postofflce will be
established at 2521 Shattuck avenue, near
Dwight way, on August 1.
The station will not receive nor deliver
mail, but will be established for the pur
pose of selling stamps and issuing money
orders.
Improvement Project.
BERKELEY. Cal., June 25.— The move
ment on the part of the West Oakland Im
provement Club to open a highway to
various points along the bay shore as far
as West Berkeley meets with much
general satisfaction, especially at the west
end.
New-y Xotes.
BERKELEY, Cal. June 25.— A force of men
is at wort at Peralia Park, tearing up the
foundations laid some years ago lor a build
ing designed lor sanitarium purposes. The
property has come into possession of the
Building and Loan Association, and the sani
tarium project having been abandoned, the
lots will be offered as residence lots. The
foundation is a solid one and dynamite will
probably be used to remove it
The Columbia Fire Company held a meeting
last night and effected a temporary organiza
tion preparatory to a permanent one. The
following officers were elected to serve for the
present: James Rae, president; William Hoi
den, secretary; Charles Gregory, treasurer;
James Kenny, foreman. A committee on by
laws wns appointed and will report at the
next meeting, which will be neld July 7.
The Crescent Athletic Club will give a dra
matic entertainment in Shattuck Hall on
'Juesday evening, June 3o. it will be a one
net comedy entitled "The Two Advertise
ments." Tae leading roies will be assumed by
Miss Cora Fi.sk, Mrs. S 21. Metcalf, George Wil
cox, Dr. Anthony, Mrs. Anthony and W. Gom
periz. The performance will be followed by a
dance.
Professor Elmer E. Brown of the department
of pedagogy at the State University, and a
inemb-r oi 'the State Boara i>l Education ex
officlo, will leave lor Buffalo, X. V., to-morrow,
as a delegate from the University of California
to the National Educational Convention,
which opens early in July.
Professors Johnson and Ritter and Instructor
Bancroft of the biolosical department of the
university, left yesterday on a specimen col
lecting tour. Professor Johnson and Instructor
Bancroft will visit Half moon Bay, Professor
Hitter going to Marin County.
On the evening of July 1, at Sisttrna Hall,
trie Epworth League will give an entertain
ment for the benefit of the Methodist Church.
The leading feature of the evening will be the
rendering of a dialogue entitled, "A Country
Aunt's Visit to the City." •
Ben Calhoun was tried a second time yester
day on the charge of assault brought against
him by his sister-in-law. The jury again
disagreed and the- case will probably be
dropped.
During the absence of President Kellogg for
the vacation the dean, Professor Stringham,
will sign all necessary documents connected
with the office.
The Installation of officers by the Odd Fel- i
lows of Berkeley will occur on the second
Thursday in July.
ALAMEDA'S NEW GUN CLUB
A Local Organization That Will
Soon Be in the
Field.
City Trustee Fitter's Sn Marries
Miss Mamie Duff— Electric Light
Injunction Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 25.— Alameda
Point is to have another gun club. Last
night a meeting was held at the residence
of Henry Bett&n, on Prospect street, where
several marksmen effected a local organi
zation to be known as the Encinal Gun
Club.
Officers and directors were elected as fol
lows: H, A. Hoyt, president; J. J. Knight,
vice-president; L. A. Hagy, secretary; H.
Betten, treasurer; F. Schultze, captain;
J. J. Cummings, G. W.Lewis and William
Murd ock, directors.
Fletter-Duff Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., June 2.3 —Charles F.
Fietter, son of City Trustee F. J.
was married last night to Miss Mamie
Duff, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Duff, 2112 Railroad avenue. The ceremony
was performed at the residence of the
bride's parents by the Rev. Father Sulli
van of St. Joseph's Church. The house
was decorated with a profusion of flowers
and evergreens and the young coudlb
plighted their troth under an immense
wedding bell made of tuberoses and
sweet peas.
Ti;e bride received many beautiful pres
ents, the srroom's present being adiamond
pin set with pearls. The honeymoon will
be spent in tne neighborhood of Monterey.
Suit Against Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 25.— The oft
delayed injunction suit brought by J. F.
Fleming es. al. against the City Trusteed,
to restrain them from proceeding with tiie
improvement of the municipal electric
light works, came up for hearing this
morning before Judge Frick. The entire
day was spoilt in the examination of the
City Clerk, 15. F. Lamborn, and the City
Electrician, G. A. Wiese.
The evidence was of an entirely negative
character. It is said that even should the
City Trustees be stopped from carrying
out the plan of furnishing more electric
lights, Delanoy will be unable to proceed
further with his project. It is said that
Delanoy, Lloyd and the Fort Wayne
Electric Company are at outs over financial
arrangements.
Municipal League.
ALAMEDA. Ca.l.. June 25.— Brainard
C. Brown, secretary of the Municipal
League, reports that the replies in favor of
municipal ownership of electric lights are
coming in thick and fast. Yesterday he
received over thirty replies by postal card,
each containing from one to four names.
In many cases expressions of t c most en
couraging nature were received with the
signatures of tiie voters.
BROKE THE FURNITURE,
William Collins, a Wenlcininded Youth,
Attacks His Mother and Creates
a Riot.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24. — William
Collins wrecked the home of his mother
at 167 Eighth street this afternoon, at
tacked her and created such a sensa
tion that the neighborhood was thor
oughly aroused. He is a young man,
about 26, who has been weakminded for
several years, but was considered perfectly
harmless.
Without the least warning he went into
a frenzy, smashed all the windows in the
place, drove his aged mother and a sister
out of the house, smashed the stove to
smithereens and set to work to demolish
the furniture. His mother attempted to
pacify him, but he turned on her, slapping
her in the face. Before he could do her
further harm she escaped to the street,
where by this time had gathered quite a
crowd.
No one dared to enter the place until an
officer arrived, when Collins was secured
and taken to the County Jail to await ex
amination for insanity. When questioned
as to why he had become so destructive lie
said that, a fly had bit him on the face and
he wanted to kill it. Mrs. Collins said to-^
night that their lives would not be safe if
he returned, and one was anxious to have
him sent to an asylum.
AFFAIRS OUT
IN RICHMOND,
Three Improvement Clubs
at Work for the
District.
AFTER THE GRAVEYARDS
The Legislature Will Be Peti
tioned for an Anti-Cem
etery Law.
INDORSING THE CHARTER.
Richmond Wants to Use Her Own Red
Rock for the Paving of
Her Streets.
Richmond district has three improve
ment clubs all working in the interest of
the locality, and to this fact may be at
tributed in a measure the progress in that
portion of the City. They are the Richmond
District Association, the Richmond District
.Property-owners' Protective Association
and the Point Lobos Improvement Associ
ation. The Protective Association was
formed with one object and that was to
oppose the interment of bodies within the
City limits. It succeeding in getting an
ordinance passed making the sale of burial
iota unlawful. The Richmond District Im
provement Association has now taken up
the cemetery question and the two clubs
will join forces in their efforts to have the
graveyards removed. Richmond has all
the cemeteries in the City and its residents
feel that they are most especially unfor
tunate.
The Richmond District Improvement
A9so ciation held a spirited meeting
"Wednesday evening and prepared for vig
orous work in the interest of the district.
First the newly elected oificers as follows
were installed: Charles H. Hubbs, presi
dent; George Magoonis, Maurice V. Sam
uels and John T. Meinert, vice-presidents;
J. G. Maloney, secretary; S. U. Darbee,
treasurer; J. J.Slattery, sergeant-at-arms;
executive committee — John Leonard, S. U.
Darbee, J. J. Casey, J. Slattery and W. B.
Simonds.
Charles H. Hubbs is also president of
the Property-owners' Protective Associa
tion, which contains in its numbers many
of the most influential residents of the dis
trict.
One of the first questions before the
association at its Wednesday evening
meeting was the mail delivery for the lo -
caliiy. A Dranch postoffice will shortly
be established in the district and a peti
tion was ordered forwarded to Postmaster
McCoppin asking for a Sunday and night
letter collection.
The new charter received the hearty
indorsement of the association, and M. V.
Samuels and S. U. Darbee were elected j
delegates to the charter convention.
Charles Hubbs and M. V. Samuels were
elected delegates to the Board of Confed
trated Clubs.
It was unanimously adopted that the
association pledge itself to use its utmost
endeavors to enforce the ordinance di
rected against City burials. It was the
general opinion that a legislative enact
ment should be procured to meet the
cemetery question. The City burial places
out west or Thirty-tiiird avenue are con
sidered to be a menace to the locality and,
therefore, should be removed. Messrs.
Hubbs and Samuels, who are attorneys,
were appointed a committee to draft
a bill for presentation to the next Legis
lature. It will authorize the Board of
Supervisors to sell the old City cemeteries
and purchase suitable burial grounds out
side the corporate Jiinits.
J. A. Berperot, cne of the directors of
the French Benevolent Society, was made
a member of the Richmond District Asso
tion as the representative of the society.
''There is another question," said Mr.
Hubbs yesterday, "which will not down
in Richmond, and that is the question of
pavement. "We have naturally the finest
and most level streets in the City and we
want to put them in good condition. We
can do so if the Board of Supervisors will
let us, but that body holds us back and
many of our streets are sadly in need of
work. The trouble is over the rock. The
board Bays we must use the bluerock,
which is unsuitable and costly. "We have
a redrocK quarry in our midst that turns
out a material which is in every way satis
factory. In use a roadbed of this material
packs down like hardpan and lasts for
years.
"Look at Clement street, upon which
the Sutro electric road runs. It was paved
with our red rock and the big cars travel
as smoothly as though they were rolling
j on bitumen.
"It is a grievous injustice that we can
not use a cheap and excellent material for
our streets, but must pay a heavy price
for a rock that is unsuitable simply b?
cause somebody has got a 'job' through
tlie new City Hnll. One of the objects of
the Richmond District Improvement As
sociation is to use its endeavors to bring
about the repeal of the Gray Bros." rock
ordinance and work our streets in our own
way." ______________
INCIDENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Franctsco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 25, 189 li. j
The date of the trial of Charles Gordon of
goid-brick fume ha* bsen continued from tho
17th to the 24th of July.
The Central Bank of this city has purchased
sewer bonds of the city of Ukiab. to the
amount of $-5,000.
Chief Lloyd ha* Issued an order to enforce
strictly the ordinance which make* it a misde
meanor to discharge fireworks within the city
Eave on the 3d, 4th and sih of July.
The Christian Endeavorers of Alameda and
Sun Francisco counties wili celebrate July 4
with a patriotic picnic at Glen wood Spring* in
the Santa Cruz MOUQ tains, Rev. _J r. Dille
will be the orator of the day. This is not to be
a religious service, but a real enjoyable basket
picnic by tbow who have interests in common.
Colonel John P. Irish leaves for the East
Tuesday. He will be at C'ret •, Nebr.,. July 4to
meet ex-Congressman Bryan of that State in
join i debate on the money question. From
there he will go to Chicago 10 be in attendance
on the Democratic National Conventiou.
Milton Shreve, postmaster at Lafayette,
Contra Costa County, who was in Oakland yes
terday, thinks thst tho oil wells in that vicinity
will soon b.-gin to yield oil in paying qualities.
Attorney Fred L. Krause while scorching on
his safety near Sunol took a header and broke
his left collur-bone. The fracture is not a
severe one and he expects to be able to get
around to attend to business by Saturday.
William Fountain was arraigned in the
Police Court this morning on the charg:; of es
caping from the City Prison, but was not
ready to plead. He wanted Ills case continued
for a" few days and it was set for July 1.
The Plensanton Stock Farm Company has
"placed on record a mortgage on a part of the
Kancho El Valle San Jose to Juiius C. Reis to
secure a note for $25,000 ut one year with 9
per cent interest. The property consists of
100 acres near the town of Pleasanton.
The regular monthly evening meeting of the
Oakland Political Equality Society, which oc
curs June "0, has been postponed on account
or the masF-iueetuiH which is to be held at
Metropolitan Temple. San Francisco, on the
same date. _^_______________
A Chicago woman has recovered $25,000
from a railroad for the loss of both feet.
AUCTION SALE FOR CREDITORS.
$2^ooo WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed In my hands by the CREDITORS of tho
ORIENTAL ©TRADING* COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises.
419 KEARNY STBEET, COMMENCIN6 ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10: 3O A. M. and 3 P. 31., ami Continuing JJaily Until All Ig Sold.
This Is positively the largest stock on thecoas*. consisting of Oriental Ococo Hugs, Klegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old S.itaunia, Kaga, Kooat, Cloisonne, Awata. ttishu, Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments. Sale positive as store is rented. Unties particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
IMPORTANT MICE!
A. L. CRESSWELL, Auctioneer
THIS DAY,
Friday ...June 86, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. M. sharp,
The Entire Contents of the
NEW CONTINENTAL HOTEL,
547 Mission Street, Near Second,
COMPRISING :.
The Furniture, Carpets and Bedding of 42 rooms:
contents of Dining-room and Kitchen; Bar-
room Fixtures, Liquors, etc., etc., contained in
nbove hotel, all of which must positively be |
scld without reserve or limit. Dealers and the |
public in general will do well to attend this ;
sale.
All bills paid on premises and goods must be re-
moved before noon Saturday, qs possession of (
I premises must be given at that hour.
TERMS-CASH.
A. L. CRESSWELL, Auctioneer.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS, j
Salesrooms- 1135 Market Street,
! Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saledays, j
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761. •
THIS OAY,
Friday June 26, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. at Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th. and Bth,
WE WILL SELL
| Elegant Line of Furniture; Carpets; Bedding;
Crockery; Glassware; !^tov> sand Kanges; Vienna
Chairs; etc. CUAa. LEVY <fc CO., Auctioneers.
THIS DAY, AT 11 L M.
RESTAURANT AUCTION.
410 Fourth Street, Nr. Bryant.
FRANK W. BOTTEKFIELD, Auctioneer,
- . . 19 Montgomery st. !
MUST PAY ITS TAXES.
Assessor Dalton Threatens to Seize and
Sell the Telephone System for
Delinquency.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25.— The Dis-
Met Attorney's office, at the request of j
Assessor Dalton, served formal notice
upon the Sunsat Telephone and Telegraph
Company that unless its personal prop- j
erty tax was paid by 2 o'clock Saturday
afternoon a forced execution and sale
would be made under the provisions of
the law for enforcing the payment of per
sonal property tax.
Assessor Dalton says he sees no reason j
why a corporation should be treated any ,
different from a private individual, who j
i s compelled to pay his taxes or have his
property sold. If the taxes are not paid
Dy Saturday afternoon then he expects to
take charge of the central station and
! personal property of the company.
■ — #— .
DECLARE FOR ALLEN.
| The Populist Zouaves Favor a Straight
out Man Like the Nebraska
Senator; .
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25.— The Young
Men's People's Party Zouave League have
adopted strong resolutions of their loyalty
to the Populist:c principles and party and j
; denounce as false and unwortßy of con
! sideration the statements made by the As
i sociated Press that the People's party will j
i be a party to fusion at the sacrifice of the
I principles of the party or that the party
will indorse any man for its °tandard
| bearer who is not an unflinching Populist.
The resolutions conclude as follows:
Feso'ved, That we recognize Senator W. V.
j Allen as a true and tried Populist, and we
; hereby declare him to be our choice as the
', nominee of the People's party for President of
j the United States. ■ • • ■
• — «• — «
CHARGED WITH BIGAMY.
A Former Resident of liO.rln in Trouble !
- in Shasta- County. •';'*:
OAKLAND, Cal., June 25.— Word has j
■been received here that G. C. Richards, a j
former resident of Lorin, has been charged j
with bigamy by his first wife, and that i
while under bonds to appear for trial next
Tuesday on that charge, he has absented
himself, until the idea ha 3 gained general !
belief that he has left to avoid further J
trouble. ,'
This, however, is denied by his friends ]
in bis lormer home at Lorin, who say. he
will be on band to prove be is innocent of
any wrong when the proper time arrives, 1
'but that meanwhile he is in San Francisco j
conferring with his attorneys and securing j
'the necessary evidence to clear himself of
the pending char.c.
, Richards .was married in Michigan
twenty-rive years ago, as far as can be
learned, and separated from his wife some,
ten years later, and as he supposed was
divorced. He married again, but his wife
soon died, hie married the third wife and '
had been living with her at Lorin until he
went to French Gulch to mine. A couple !
of months ago his wife and family joined
I him there, and everything appeared to j
be progressing nicely.
. It was at this point that Mrs. Richards ;
No. 1 appeared and claimed that he had
never been " legally separated from her. !
She even swore to a complaint charging j
i him with bigamy. He was arrested and
| taken to Redding, where he gave bonds for {
his appearance for trial. Since that time
he has not been seen by those who were
former friends.
> » — •
There Was No Poison.
OAKLA.ND. Cal., June 25.— The jurors j
! in the Root case, regarding which sensa
tional reports have been published, to-day j
'< made public a statement to the effect that !
! they have no reason to think or believe j
i that their fool was either impure or ;
poisonous, but, on the contrary, it was *
pure and wholesome and well prepared. !
I This is signed by all but one of the jurors,
I and he could not be found, as well as by
the Deputy Sheriff, who partook of the
food with Hip jurors.
Premature Explosion.
OAKLAND, Cal., June s.— Thornton
McDonald, a 9-year-old lad, is tne rirst
boy brought to the Receiving Hospital
tli is year suffering from injuries resulting
from overmuch patriotism and careless
ness in the use of explosives. He let a
lighted punk net too close to some powder,
oiid after the explosion it was fuu'.id he
was badly although not seriously burned
about the face, neck and hands.
Carefully Done.
Mistress— Now, Sarah, 1 want you to be j
very careful about breaking this vase.- It j
cost a greatly deal of money and I would I
hate to have it carelessly broken the first j
thing.
Sarah (three days later)— There's your j
ma'am, and I couldn't. have broken j
it more carefully if I'd tried for a month.—
Detroit Free Press.
— • — « — •
Paterson, N. J., boasts of a woman 83 j
I years old who rides a wheel.
i. C. MOTHER. AUCTIONEER.
Office— 6ol California street, corner Kearny.
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Friday......... : June 25, 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m. sharp, at
1030 PINE STREET, NEAR JONES,
All the Elegant Furniture of a very fine
residence of 13 rooms, including
Very Fine Odd Pieces of Parlor Upholstery : 3 Fine
Oak Chamber SuHs: 1 Elegant Folding Bed; 2
Fine- Oak Chiffoniers; Fine Brussels Carpets
throughout tUe house: Fine Pictures, Mirrors, Cur-
tains, and In ' fact everything that is necessary to
furnish a house of this kind. My instructions are
to sell all to the highest bidder. No reserve. No
limit. J. C. MUTHErt, Auctioneer.
ASSIGNEE, SALE.
■ Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sale. '
1 Rockaways, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc. must,
I go. Come and make an offer. 1128-1141
Mission at.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.'
' TO
ASTORIA ANDPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Glass.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED,
Columbia sails..... June 2 7. July 7, 17 and 27
fctate of California sails. ..July 2, 12 and 3'J
From Bpear-st. Wharf (tier V! 4) at 10 *. it
GOODALI., PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
' F. V. COS OK. General Ageot.
; . . 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO —
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
m ±rrmt Class &G.OO
Seooud ClaoS..ssOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General-Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAS!
STEAMERS WILL BAIL FROM Jf&km
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, a* •"-*^T
follows: i „,,
For Mary Island. Lorlng. WrangeU Jnn«-u. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at U a. m., June 3,
13, ;8. *8. July A, IS. Is. I*B. •
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. it-
June 5, *. 'la. lii, '33. VS. ana ' every flfiti
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. f. 8.R.. Ac Tacoma with N. P. R. tt,
. at Seattle with Q. & Ky.. Ac Port Townsend wlttt
Alaoka steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata «nd Fields Landlast (Hu:n-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m.. June 2, d. 10.
14 is. SRI 'M SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Oayucoi,
Fort Hartord (San Luis* Oblspo), Gavlota. Sants
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, Saa Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., .Tune
4. 8. la, lti, 'M, 24. 28 and every fourth day then-
For San Diego, mopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Aneeles. Redondo (Lo* Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it. Jaw. 2. *. 10. 14; -ib, -'2. 26, 30 and every
lourt'h day thereafter.
ForKnsenada. San Jose del Cabc MazatUn, La
Pas. Altai* and G nay mas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. it, June 2, 27, ana 25th or each month there-
ftft*T ' ■ ■*
* TicKet office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
GOODALI» PERKINS <S CO., Geni Agents.
It) Market st. San Francisco.
GOMPAGNIE GOER AL TR ASSATL.MTHJGB
French I.ln«t to Havre.
/tOMPAN PIER (NEW).42 NORTH jynf*
\J River, foot of -Morion st. Travelers 07 <&CflkjP
thlg line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first-class $160: second-class, $110.
LA TOURAINE, Capt. 6antelll....May 23, 8 A. K.
LA KORMAKDIE May 23, 8 A. K.
LA GASCOGXE Jo. 1 c •_'«, 7A. m.
LA NOW M A.\1)1J!;,...» July 4. 6 a. ic
LA GAfcCOGNE ...July 25. 11 A, K.
LA NOBMANDIR August 1, 5 A. m.
LA BOTJRGOONE. Capt. Lebaenf. .June 6, 7 A. X,
gsr For farther particulars apply to
A. FORGE Agent,
. ; *■ . ( • No. 3 Bow mci nc Green, New Yorlt.
J. P. FUGAZI 4 CO, Agents, 0 Montgomar*
»venne. San Francisco - - , :
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ °ays to t
Hawaii, samoa; (L* Honolulu
• NEW ZEALAND, ||B "v -
. AUSTRALIA. %J? S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S.S. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 2%
dt 2p.M. ■ ' ; ' ' ; '-' ....:.
Line to COOLGARDUS, Außt.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
cav July 11. at 10 a. m. Sneclai party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Airts.
t -. ...-.• : •■■. . . 114 Montgomery
• Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
WHITE JBTAR LINE.
Dotted States and Royal Mall Steamers
■ BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
• SAILINtV JSVKKV YVJEEK. •
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jmgm^
Ing to steamer and accommodations _aH9t
■elected; second cabin, 935 and »40; Majestic aud
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway »nd Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVER Y, Pacific Mall Dock, or at tht
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
nates anuid Hotel. g. W. fi. etcher.
: General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINVVALL jOg/U
15 fonnl<?.itl>- for the West Indies nd -*ail__V
Southampton;, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. 
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from Hun Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class. *97 50. For further particulars, apply to
. . PAKKUTT A CO., Agents,
i ;. *■ L ; : • -;'•.•;... ' 306 California it.
STOCKTON STEAMERS v
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 I. M. Daily; after Ju.y 1,6 M.—
treieht receiveU up to ':■'!') P. M. . •
, • . ■ SuiKt:»y at 7 F. M. .1 ;. ■.
tS~ Accommodation:) Reserved by Telephone. •
SXiUAMKKv
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary <i!irr;itt. City of Stockton.
'JLt!ienlioae Main 805. ' Cai. .\av. and .Imp:. Co
■ _ — _ — .
WLLEJO, IRE ISLAND, *BEHCIA, PORT
COSTA m CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICKI.LO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. a.
1 and I P. v. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. it., 3:30 r. Mi
, , •,-....... . Sunday— B p. it :. n>
\ •4*. K. only. .
■ . Xapding, Mlagjoa 1. PUr *. '-
/^^ l)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
• : '«Srtß^l^«?J XV ST - - Established
: ¥* I in '* for the treatment of Private
SLUkJM l>iseiisf'», l>»st Man hood. Debility or
HM_B ni Wettrin " "" mindand
tußffiME m " Diseases. The doctor cures when
£|HhH| others fail. Try him. Chiirges low
7~WsHE~S_slClire«~tiai-:i;itf«'«l. ( ■iW,rwrit«*
I l>r. .. k. UXUUUK. Box 1M7,8U Franc**.
1314
DUPONT STREET
WIDENING BONDS,
Proposals for Surrender to
Be Submitted Next
Tuesday.
COIN IN THE TREASURY.
The Sum of $375,000 Ready to
Be Applied for Re
demption.
THE WIDENING SCHEME STORY
Record of Litigation, Peculation, De
falcation, Spoliation and
Suicide.
One of the closing chapters in the his
tory of the Dupont-street widening
scheme will be recorded at the Treasurer's
office in the new City Hall next Tuesday,
June 30, when the time will expire for the
surrender of bonds, as provided for in the
act of the Legislature of 1876.
Grant avenue, extending from Market
street to Bush, was known before the
widening act was passed as Dupont street,
having been christened in honor of
Commodore Dupont of the United
States navy. a brief season it
was Known on the official records
as Fleet street, not in consequence
of the fast living of certain of its denizens,
but in honor of Mr. Strother. then Super
visor, whose front name is Fleet. This ap
pellation did not suit Frank McCoppin,
who was then a Senator from San Fran
cisco in the State Senate. He had an act
passed restoring the name Dupont, but
subsequently ihe thoroughfare was named
Grant avenue, in honor of U. S. Grant.
Ihe record of the widening scheme is
dotted with peculation, defalcation and
?u:cide. Some men were enriched, others
were impoverished and not a few swindled.
Resistance ro the measure began in the
courts twenty years ago and has since con
tinued. The example of the Dupont
street commission had much to do in caus
ing the fraraers of the constitution to in
sert a clause in the organic act abolishing
all commissions.
U.S. Tibbey, secretary of the commis
sion, was a defaulter to the extent of
$70,000. A deputy treasurer of the City,
whose Dupont-street accounts were mud
dled to cover the peculation of $5000, com
mitted suicide, and the community was
surprised when the deputy's bondsmen
paid the amount promptly without going
to the courts for release from the obliga
tion.
There is now in the municipal treasury
the sum of $37- r \OOO to be applied to the
redemption of outstanding bonds. Some
of these bonds are held by local bankers
and capitalists, others were bought for
Knslish and German investors. Tht
rating of these securities has frequently
cuanged according to adverse or favorable
court decisions. Yet money has been
gradually drawn into the treasury to meet
the principal.
During the past week frequent inquiries
have been made of Treasurer Widber con
cerning the pending off r for the surren
der of bonds. It is possible that a syndi
cate may have secured a large block of the
securities, and in order to obtain the coin
on hand may put in a low price for sur
render. The ueople in the Treasurer's
office are not prepared to make a guess at
the figures likely to be submitted. It is
put in the notice calling for proposals, that
no offer above par will be considered.
James D. Phelan, A. Sutro & Co. M. Lewis
and others are supposed to be local holders
of Dupont-street bonds. Next Tuesday
the holders will submit their figures to
the Treasurer.
BUCKLEY MAY BE SUED,
Ex-Managing Editor Henderscn
Has the Complaint All
Ready.
An Interesting Story of a Charge
Made by the Ex-Boss Against
the Journalist.
The sensational libel suit of ex-Man
aging Editor Henderson of the Examiner
against "Boss" Buckley, wnich was
nrinted in The Call a few weeks ago as
one of the possibilities of the future, is
about to be brought to an issue.
The complaint has been prepared and
the filing of the same awaits the con
venience oi the plaintiff.
Mr. Henderson has been out of the edi
torial business for several months. Since
leaving the journal with which he was
last connected he has been devoting his
time to pastoral pursuits on his ranch in
the Livermore district. There is only a
fence and a hedge between the Henderson
and Buckley ranches, but that may have
no material bearing on the pending suit
for libel.
Mr. Henderson bases his suit on an ar
ticle which was published in The Call
on trie 24ih of last December. It was a re
ported interview with Christopher Buck
ley, during the course of which Mr. .Buck
ley made certain statements concerning
Clifton E. Mayne, the Metropolitan Elec
tric Railway franchise and the managing
editor oi a morning paper. This particu
lar managing editor, so Mayne told Buck
ley, entered into a contract whereby his
paper was to back the franchise and re
ceive $12, CXX), etc.
Mr. Henderson assumes that he is the
managing editor referred to, and will sue
for damages in the sum of $25,000.
The complaint then goes on to quote the
portions of the article in The Call of De
cember 24, on which the suit is founded.
The excerpts read as follows:
Mayne was introduced to me (Buckley) in
1890 by Attorney George Perry. Mayne ex
plained.his railway franchise and wanted me
to take a hand in it. I sized him up as an
advniurer and one incapuble o* managing
such a scheme. He said that he had bonded t.
great deal of- land near the park, and he
appeared to be a professional boomer auxious
to carry out a big real estate scheme.
I relused io have anything to do with the
scheme, but Mayne persisted, especially in
October. 1890. All I said to any of the Super
visors was to let the thing alone and especially
cautioned them not to do anything looking
like a clean-up before going out of office. In
November 1 went to Europe and the franchise
was given while I was in London and I bad
nothing to do with it.
I will say that during a talk Msvdc told me
he had made a contract with the managing
editor oi a morning paper by which the paper
was to back the measure and get Mayor Pond
lo sign it aud receive $12,000 if the scheme
was successful. The paper, he said; had lived
up to Us agreement, but he had foolishly sur
rendered the contract.
The same article goes on to say that
BucKley gave an explanation why a cer
tain influential journal is (was) now vigor
ously opposing him. The story involved
a certain half-forgotten electric-liehtfran
chise which was not granted in 1890.
"The proprietor of that journal," he
said, "came to me in the fall of 1890 with
information that he wanted a franchise for
an electric light company and asked me to |
go and see his business representative in
the Nevada block. * * ♦ He offered
me 3000 shares at $2 a share if I would
(being, so he said, the Board of Super
visors) work in his interest. I declined,
but before I went I was told that the news
paper in question would rnin me. The
attack was begun and has been kept up
ever since," which same is probably quoted
to confirm the identification of the paper
mentioned in the fore part of the article.
The complaint continues, in effect, that
no mistake can be made as to the manag
ing editor referred to, as the Examiner
was the only newspaper advocating the
franchise; that by reason of the broad
implication conveyed in the defendant's
words, as reported in the Call interview,
to the effect that he (the plaintiff) had
sold himself and his paper for $12,000, he
was prevented from following his pro
fession and securing desirable positions.
All of which is assessed as a damage
amounting to $25,000.
The delay in fiJing the suit was due to
the absence of Mr. Henderson in the
mountains.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Edington, Sn Rafael G Kurisht, Redding
N <; Goodwin, Sn Rafael Mrs L Breston, Napa
F Lauretson, San Jose X L Van Cleech, Cal
H R Blair, Sacramento H S Morey. Placervllle
J Nichols, Dutch Flat J L Goodman, Cal
W Jones, Nevada City D R Sebastian, Chicago
E M Jones, Ross Valley H Thorp, Sacramento
E (.omlo, Sacramento A B Ford, San Mateo
W Jackson. Redding J McDonnell, Menlo Pr_
J H Gilmore, Boson A Murray. Boston
\V X Alberger, SacmntO R Eliot, Highland Spgs
DC Copton, Highland Sp D Hart. San Jose
J S Miiligan, Napa F Thaver, Toronto
D S Ely. Evanstou H P Ryer, San Diego
W E Keinhardt, Brenbm S Shlenker, Brenham
Mrs M Kllburn. Wauonv Miss Johnson, Boston
Miss small, Boston R G Odway. Salem
J M sirnspon, Cal I) Curtis 2 w, New York
W T Orr. Santa Rosa E 1 Kendall, Kldorado
W E Healey.santa Rosm F A Boole, Red Bluff
M Carter, Irvington L J Wetzell _ w, Yreka
R E Stevens, Rnndsburg R A Williams, Colo
1 Gavin, Walnut Creek T M Thompson, Sn Diego
X Heydenfeldt, Cal C B Hunt _ w, Ind
J D Marsrield, Oakland Mrs C L Stanton, Ind
Nls Hobsou, San Jose A Monotte. Modesto
H C Ward, Cal Mrs T G Curt.s, 8u Jose
L Silvester, Toronto G T Insley, J os Angeles
P L Hobos, Ohio A B KcKinlay, Toronto
W E conklin, Bakersfld G Tlsconia <fe w, Cai
a W Sol ton it w, La HBurnliam. Sacramento
Miss M i alderwood, La H A Falrb— ok, Sacmlo
Mrs W A Kart, Tucson S L Cohe;i <fc lm, Sacmto
H smith. Tucson X Lvon _ w. Sacramento
W H Davis. San Jose Mrs E t" Robertson, Ariz
P A Bnell, Stocl«on Mrs F Forrest, Pa
W B Harrison, Stockton M ss shellove. Pa
W Bruce, Chicago D Tobras, Woodland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R A Brown <fe w, Portlnd M Myers, Portland
J T Harmes, Sansalito C W Boots. San Jose
H Boscow. England G Haskins, England
W MclionalU, Nan* Dr Übbeth, Sacramento
Col Reichenbach, Seattle E B Nelson & w.Tacoma
W B Holcoaib, Seattle W F Boyd, Seattle
Miss Boyd, Seattle A D Anthony, Portland
M Boar, New York Wm Levine, New York
J A Kiesman, San Jose Nrs Foster, Honolulu
C H Fuller, Los Angeies B P Barker, Liverinore
J M Waldron, Phila Miss Waldron, Phila
Miss Hayes, Phila C I" SivMls, Chicaeo
J S Josephs, N V W H Pyburn. Sallna*
O Conger, Salinas J L Matthews, Salinas
J J Conner, Salinas J J Kelly, Salinas
C Z Heb rt, Salinas J Maude, California
C J Croby, Sacramento W R Clark <t w, Stckton
Miss Clark, Stock on S Mighavacco, Napa
W B Maddock. England A Seidner, N V
B Herbert, Chicago G E Colwell, Napa
Mrs J Rogers, Toledo J Brooks. Hay wards
J R Reid. Hay wards J S Mat toon, Belvedere
J P Williams & w, Ohio A H Jesse, st Louis
FI) Carmack, st Louis E Lee, San Mateo
Ii Brown, San Mateo 0 Mrt>onald. Utah
W C Small, Utah F E Hall, Solano
H sinperi, Sacramento J Zemansky.^acramento
C A Boyden, Sacramento J Gunn, "-an Jose
G Bollinger, San Jose F P Helwigo, San Jose
H Luclunan, San Jose C F Fiettes <fe w, N V
D B Stephens, >an Jose R W Garitt. Oakland
W A McKay. Vallejo C Cheyway, Vallejo
PALACE Hi TEL.
R Graham, Sacto W L Werrick <fe w, Wash
W A McCreery, Belgium Mrs L H lower, Chicago
J B Quigley, sacto X B:ock, N V
E M H:,yes. C BH A B McDonnell, N V
H S Kahls, Ohio F M Ross. Pitisburg
T Bancroft, Texas Mrs G W Bancroft, Tex
L C Wilkins &w, N V Mrs A Wharteujey, Phil*
Mri Mrs N Robinson, N ADoyaska, Wash
Philadelphia J Jakahova. Wash
P LorKurai. Wash C Rehbeium, >t Louis
Mrs H W strong, Los An A A Kllenber^er, Clevlnd
C W Taylor, Redding W B Wheeler, Chicago
E W Taller, N V W I> Kerroot, Chicago
T W Bacon, London H H Bompas, London
W G Higuins, Chicago F V Smith, Kresno
F McAllister, Phila A A Baker, Kansas
Mrs Baiter, Kansas Miss Baker, Kansas
J Irwin Jr. U S N EM Hughes, U S N
Mrs Simpson, Fresno
LICK HOUSE.
J McCarthy. California C A Rice, Santa CTub
X L Van Cleech, S Crua E Rawlins, Stockton
C H Keyes, Pasadena R F Allen, Oakland
il spring. San Jose R J Whelan. California
G Blake, Redding C Demse.- * w, Ventura
A T Hastings_w, Merced H Berber, Redwood City
F Zix. Germany J Koch. California
N P Nielsen* w,Mt Eden F Z Smith, Fresno
J T Morse<fcw, Red wood J Fair. Grass Valley
J P Thomas _ w, Or J Spiers, Salt Lake City
C P Porter & w, Kings Cy P C Adams, Woodskle
J P Beebe, Santa Clara G T Hamilton, San Jose
J Durby. Chicago F R Allen. Oroville
L E Weldy, Chicago Mrs E E sweet, S Filip
IS O Daner Santa (. rue T M Devanlt & w, Vlsalia
M Brady <fe w, Ohio R Jordan, Santa Cruz
Miss C Brady, Ohio E P Colgan, w <fc fy, Sacto
D C Morgan,* Sacramento
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C H Ennis. lowa G E Roper, Los Angeles
H V Malmburi; A w.Kans F E Marron, Stockton
W H Spencer. Fresno J York. Los Angeles
W C .''enson, Sacramento T M McMcNamara.Bkfld
W W Bradbury, Oregon S Banolini, Fresno
J Reis, Michigan B \V Gentry, San Jose
P H Noonan, Santa Rosa P Towy. Santa Rosa
Miss Bromwell. Stockton Miss Sloran. Stockton
H W-.ndall, selby J C Ward, Sacramento
P D (-irady, Kresno Senator. l H Shine, Sonor
G Hayrten, New York R L Peterson. New York
Miss I) Myers, Fresno P J O'Connor, Oakland
1> Ulley. Santa Rosa 1' B Mathews, snia llosa
Patrick King. Yuba City John Gleeson, YubaCity
B McCabe, Stockton S M Hart, Bakersfield
D J Canill, Pe'taluma
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W L Courtney. Seattle Dan Newcount, Marysvl
J Newconnt, Sutter J Micandor, Wadsworth
H Pacherman, Dresden F Fabrlan, Dresden
S Thelan, Boston J Anderson <& w, stocktn
J Rodes. Sacto B L Fisher. Alameda
E Mintern, Alameda. C Allen A sn. Victoria
W H Wmson, Victoria Jtrs A Delaney, Victoria
R B Chase & w. Whatcm C B Smith, N V
R Coehrane. Vir City J H Lada, Los Angeles
W Jantz, Buffalo R Jantz <fe w. Chicago
J Smith, Chicago J Armstrong, Boston
W Sloan, Boston J Graft, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L D Hoos, San Jose J H McGowan, San Jose
W B James, Napa L Spencer. Napa
L Bobbins. Boston R Miller, Capitola
E Michael. San Jose J A Kergo, feuisun
W Downinr, Suisun J \V Still, Vacaville
1 a Simmons, Sacto B J Deakin, Benicia
8 Herzug, San Rafael G E scolt, San Rifael
M Taylor. San Jose E Gise, Benicia
W A Midijayb. Petaiuma W Wright & w, Sacto
P S Chappell, Sacto Mrs J V Kelly, San Jose
\V S Governough & w. Miss E Adair, Oakland
San Jose G W Van Syckle. N V
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
£^??YERBA_UENA LODGE OF PER- &*.
It3^ fectlon No. 1 — Regular meeting IT
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, Jane 26, at 7*
8 o'clock. D 13. rJ£*±~
UEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. GJ5!^
B_^=" GRAND LITERARY AND . ov.
m+& dramatic entertainment and so- 3), (AQu
cial given by the San Francisco Scot- >Sa.x _>
tlsh Thistle Club. Native Sons' Hall. ! * c 3 3 wr
414 Mason St., FRIDAY EVENING, June 26,
1896. A truly great show — must be seen to be ap-
nreciateu. Come one, come all. Admission, all
parts of the house, 25c; hatroom at disposal of
guests. J. D. COULIE. Royal Chief.
Geobok W. Pateksox, Recorder.
B^g= SAN FRANCIbCO FIRE r "*''____l"
m~& partment.— The regular funeral "iHSßk^
detail of this department will assemble j_/_.VB?
at Truck B THIS DA V at 8 o'clock a. m. soarp, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of the late
JAMES J. WALSH, late member of this depart-
ment. By order D.T.SULLIVAN,
■ Chief of Department.
Bt_S= THE PUECITA VALLEY IMI'KOVE-
Bt—^ ment (lub wl 1 meet FRIDAY EVENING,
June 26, at Graham's Hall, Twenty-seventh and
Alabama sts.
STEPHEN A. BYRNE, President.
John E. O'Bbikn, Secretary.
FIFTH ANNUAL PICNIC AND EX-
B«jS' cursion.— Club Acme and flub Village Belle
(comprising members of Court Acme No. 51 and
Village Belle Circle No. 264) will hold its fifth an-
nual picnic and excursion to sunset Park, San
Cruz Mountains, SUNDAY, June 28, 1896.
Tickets, round trip. $1: children, 50c. Boat leaves
narrow-gauge depot, foot of Market st. , 8:45 a. m.
sharp. Many valuable gate and game prizes will
be given. Tickets for sale by any member of the
clubs, and on the morning of the picnic at the
ferry, foot of Market st.
ttOS' GRAND PICNIC— ORDER OF CHOSEN
wh-4r Friends at .Agricultural Park, san Jose,
SATURDAY, Jane 27. Tickets, round trip, $1:
children, 50 cents. Train leaves Third and Town-
send sts. 9 a. M., stopping at Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia sts. Games, prizes, bicycle race. 'I he pro-
ceeds to be donated to the injured and homeless
members of the late cyclone at .St. Louis. . Tickets
for sale on the morning of the picnic at Third and
Townsend sts. an I Twenty-fifth and Valencia st? .
special notices. -
J^^'abandosei)" childr2n^'in"
•*'-*' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler. a«e 5 years; Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years:
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fagalda, age 1
year; Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 5 years; Nathan Barloggt, age .3
years. ■ ;
tt_2p DRS- UOL-MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
•** ™ moved to 1370 Market st. ; poor treated free.
B_sS=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
*»- ' collections made,' city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy su, room 6. Tel. 6580.
tt^2§= COJ-'F_;Y f » COLLECTION CO.. 235
B^J^ Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ji_sP DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE COLUM^
tfr--^ bian Banking Company, 236 Bush St., for
the half year ending June 30, 1896, has declared a
dividend of 6 per cent per annum on the paid-up
capital, payable on and after July 1, 1896.
C. O. PERRY, Cashier.
Bt^= DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
Er-J? Loan Society, 101 Montgomery su, corner
Slitter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one hundredtbs (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, ■ payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMAN Y, Cashier.
H_sS= DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THK GERMAN
l"*^ Savings and Loan society, 626 California
st.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, aud three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 65-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GEO. TOURNEY, Secretary.
||_3p DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
m^Sr lugs Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post st.— For
the halt year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33Vj) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
jjjPSip HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
l~*^ Society. 18 Geary si.— The directors have
declared the following' semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
ft^S' DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
\sr-zS Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with th? 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-101)) per cent on term deposits and
three and slxfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
SITUATIONS WA>TK_>-F_MA__.
W ANTED BY GOOD, COMPETENT WOMAN:
•" will do housework or downstairs work: Is
good cook and laundress; ■ kind to children or sick
people if needed ; city or country. 99 Jessie St.,
between First and Second. rf .-"-.' '-"?*. w
■DEFINED YOUNG LADY, COMPETENT TO
XV teach English branches and music to young
children, would like to accompany family going
away for summer. Call or address 516 Stockton st.
IRST-CLASS RELIABLE WOMAN* WANTS
r situation In kitchen of restaurant or boarding-
house: thoroughly, understands her business:
whm-s $10 to $12. Call or address 653 Folsom st.
PROTESTANT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
-I in Alameda or city to do general housework {
and cooking; wages 315. Call or address 18 Lutona
at., South San Francisco (take Third-st. cars).
l AGED AMERICAN WOMAN, GOOD
cook, wishes a situation in small family; no
children. Call or address 10 Zoe St., for 3 days.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION, BEC-
vT ond work and sewing, or housework in small
family: references. Call or address Dressmaker,
950 Kirkham St., Oakland. |
■EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
Xli any kind of work by the day; $1 a day and
carfare. 602 Howard st.
VTEAT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN GOOD
— .' family for upstairs work, sewing, taking care
of children. Please address J. C. X-, 123 Clay st.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
0 general housework. Call or address 45 Sacra-
mento st.
A" OUNU SWEDISH Gl XL WANTS PLACE TO
X do general housework: 6 years last place;
wages $25. Inquire 439 Jessie st,
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O cooking and some housework; wages $20 to
$25 per month. Call or address 1020 Mission.
YOUNG GIRL RECENTLY FROM IRELAND,
X of two years' experience in dressmaking,wishe!i
work as improver. Call or address 731 Folsom st.
VOUNii GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
1 position for light housework. Please call at
2617% Octavia st.
ELI ABLE EXPERIENCED YOUNG BWED-
i Ish girl wishes to do upstairs work and sewing.
all or address 1722 Stockton st.
GIRL 17 YEARS OLD WISHES A SITUA-
vJ ti.m for housework, or will take care of chil-
dren; wages $8 to $10. 721 Ellis st.
"I ADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS HOUSE-
JJ keeper for widower or bachelor; city or coun-
try. Call 86 Ninth st. „
IPXPEKIENCED DRESSMAKER WILL GO
Xli out by day or take work home. 632 Eddy s..
/I ENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE.
\J 29 Eddy st. . -
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
VJT chambermaid In a first-class hotel; no objec-
tion to country; good references. Call 1139 Flor-
ida st. • •
"EXPERIENCED LADY WISHES A PLACE
X- to take care of infant; competent to raise it
by the bottle. Call or address 904 Minna, off 10th.
p EKMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE AT
VJT light housework. Addr 947 Bryant st.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG STRONG SWISS
XV girl, good cook, wishes a position to do second
work or cooking in a private family ; good refer-
ences. Call or address P. D., 4134 Nineteenth St.,
near Castro.
OMAN WISHES TO GET CHAMBER-
work or dishwashing to do and sleep at borne.
Address W. W. C, box 12, Call Office.
OMAN WANTS WASHING OR HOUSE.
11 cleaning; $1 per day and carfare. Address
W. W. C. box 12, Call Office.
LDKULY AMERICAN WOMAN, NEAT
and reliable, wants housework and care of
children: city or country. Call or address MRS.
E., 1231 Market st.
W ANTED—BY RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN,
>' situation in small American family to do
general bouse work; wages $20 to $25. Address
J. P.. box 139, Call Office.
pIRL WISHES GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
VJ private family or upstairs work: references.
'Jail at 714 Clement st. and Ninth aye.
pOM PET DRESSMAKER DESIRES EN-
\J gasements In families; reference: Jcity or
country. E. E. V., 831 Myrtle St., Oakland.
p ERMAN WIDOW, WHO HAS "BEEN A
VJ short while in this country, wishes a position
in a Jewish family; is a first-class cook. Apply
1527 Stockton st., candy-store.
pOVERNESS- YOUNG LADY WISHES Sir-
VJT nation: city or country; English, German,
French, drawing, music; willing to travel, Ad-
dress E. 8., Postoffice, San Mateo.
WANTED- POSITION AS INVALID'S
ii nurse and companion: would make herself
useful; moderate salary. X., box 63, Call Office.
YOU KG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
J. light housework or would take care of baby.
Call 321 Va Tebama St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
OMAN WITH SON~B~YEARB OLD DE.
»» sires position to keep house for widower with
one child: no objection to country if near school.
Address 4272 Twenty-fifth St.
pOMPETKNT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, Cham-
berwork or sewing; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19.
VTTiNCHEI I ER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
11 Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
H~^jSti£r a m¥s7n3rD~XAP anese
XX employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
py. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
11 1 NKSE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
C.U. COOK'S sot. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches :shori notice. j 4 Geary. tel.Grant43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
«J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tei Grant 30.
pHINESF. AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best heln. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
WELL-KNOWN HOTEL MAN WANTS MAN-
'» agement of hotel or rooming house; salary or
percentage: can invest a small amount. Address
Hotel, box 81, Call Office.
UTLER, GEKMAN, wants position;
best city references. Address G. L., box 138,
Call. .■■.;. . . - ■ .
WILL PAY $50 FOR PERMANENT PO-
sltion in store or office: have experience. Ad-
dress P. 8. . box 137, all Office.
p ERMAN OF 20 WOULD LIKE TO LEARN
VI the butcher's trade; has had some experience.
Address G. 8., box 101, Call Office.
YOUNG GEKMAN WOULD LIKE position
X to take care of ■ horses, cows or garden. A. V.,
box 101, Call Office. '
T> 1 : LIABLE YOUNG MAN (21 YEARS)
XV wishes a situation to drive a delivery wagon
or any outside work. Address 116 Leidesdorff st.
COBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN DE-
O sires position In store or office: thorough boot-
keepor; small wages to begin with: 'good refer-
ences. Address J. 8., box 41, Call Office. :■
TE ADY, SOBER DANE WANTI* EMPLOY-
p ment In private family to take care of horses
and garden; din milk and handy with carpenter's
tools; references. Address S. D., box 66, Call.
YOUNG GERMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
X make himself generally useful; • understands
the care of horses, garde h'and general housework:
good references. Address H. R., box 12, Call.
POSITION OF TRUST, BY' A YOUNG MAN
X of family possessing ability and extended busi-
ness experience; can furnish highest references
and bonds. Address E. c, box 49, Call Office.
V MAN WISHES POSITION AS VALET
1 or butler: no objection to travel: good* refer-
ence." Address Valet, box 32, Call.
S THONG GERMAN BOY WANTS .-I.t/A-
tlon in a butcher-shop: has had one year's ex-
perience. Address J. I. ZIMMERMAN, Tevls St.,
Frultvale. \:
p ARDENER, PRACTICAL MAN ABOUT
vJ place, wishes situation; , references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
YOUNG g_r_an7good CARPENTER, cab-
-1 -hint-maker and general mechanic, with tools,
wants a situation of any kind. Address 716 Clem-
entina at. ■ ■ . •' . . ■
OUNG SWEDISH. MAN WISHES BITUA-
-1 tion; city or country; first-class driver, milk
and do gardening work; references. Address F.
L., box 1 19, Call Office.
SITUATIONS . WANTED-Contlnned.
PACKER— FIRST-CLASS WITH 10 YEARS'
X reference, wishes position in wholesale house.
■ Address Packer, box 67, this office. •
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. L. RAT H-
QEBKR, Napa, Cal. - - .
ANTED — BY GOOD RESPONSIBLE
young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address d. A., box 6,
this office.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expert ins of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. 1
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: tl 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
p EKMAN WISHKS SITUATION IN A PRI-
VT vate family: good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling stock; good milker: references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
A\: INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: tree bos and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OOK, COU NTRyT'"S3S; 20 HOUSEWORK
girls, city and country, $20 and $25: 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
TA UN DRESS, MO MISS CULLEN, 323
XJ Sutter st.
EAMSTRESS, f25. MISS CULLEN, 323
0 Sutter st.
VI OTHER AND DAUGHTER OR 2 FRIENDS.
iVL cook ana chambermaid; $40; country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sntter su '
OUSEWORK GIRL. SANTA CRUZ; 2 IN
family: $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
UEFINED NURSEGIRL: $10. MISS CUIr
XV LEN, 323 sutter.
TTOUSEWORK GIRL: COUNTRY; $30. MISS
XX CULLEN, 323 Sutter. %
RANCH COOK: $20. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter. 
vy COLORED COOK FOR SMALL
' t school, $25; a good general housework girl for
country. $35; maid and seamstress. $25: Protest-
ant nurse, $20: cook, also nurse for country, $15.
Apply MISS PLUNKKTT, 424 Sutter St.
WANTED— A- KITCHEN MAID FOR PRI-
»» vate family in country, $20. Apply MISS
PLUNKE TT, 424 Sutter St.; -
TIT ANTED— LAUNDRESS. PRIVATE FAMI-
»» 1y,525; German or French second girl. $20
German chambermaid, $20: _ ranch cooks, $20;
German cook, Santa Barbara, $25: restaurant
waitress, $25, and girls for cooking and house-
work, in city and country. J. F. CROSETT <fc
CO., 312 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTELS, $20;
waitress. Sausalito, $15: waitress, city hotels,
$20 and $15; Scandinavian chambermaid for
institution, $15: Scandinavian laundress, $30;
restaurant cook, near city, $25; cook, private
family, $25. C. R. HANstN & CO., 110 Geary.
A SSISTANT WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
xx for a mining camp; see party here this morn-
Ing. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
\TEAT WOMAN COOK, SMALL COUNTRY
— ™ restaurant, *30 and room; bread and pastry-
baker, country, $30; waitress, small country res- ,
taurant, $15 and room. MURRAY _ READY. I
634 Clay st.
9 FRIENDS, OR MOTHER AND DAUGHTER,
— for small country hotel, $35 for both and free
fare; cook, small hotel, $20; second girl, same
place. $15: and other places. MURRAY _
READY, 634 Clay sU"
p EKMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN,
IT with a child, country. $15. MURRAY A
READY', 634 Clay st. ■
ANTED— 3 FRENCH GIRLS FOR SECOND
work, $25, £20 and $15: German second. $15:
French woman for milk ranch, $20: girls for
housework and assist, $20, $16. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st.
WAITRESS, $4 WEEK; WOMAN COOK,
'» city, small place, $20, room,' etc. ; woman as
cleaner, etc, $20, room, board, etc., in an institu-
tion; waitress, small country hotel, $20, room, etc.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st,
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
*» work wrjo understands German cooking thor-
oughly; reference required. Call 2311 Broadway.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN FOR
light housework: wages $10. 312 Filimore st.
/ 1 EKMAN GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING.
VT 462 Natoma St., NE. corner.
XPERIENCED BOOK FOLDERS WANTED;
Xj also 2 apprentices. 605 Montgomery st.
TVJ EAT YOUNG GIRL TO MIND BABY. CALL
J." before noon, 333 Haight st., cor. Webster.
OOD GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1619
Baker st.
ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
»' housework and cooking. 1217 Webster st.
■woman Yo WAIT on TABLE. 131
V> Third st.
GOOD HOME TO ELDERLY LADY; LIGHT
services. Apply after 10, 103 Elgnth St.
LADY MUSICIANS to organize lady
orchestra for an extended tour. E., box 6, Call.
IKL Or MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
light housework. 34 Ku.-.s St.
"yOUNG LADY WITH $500 TO INVEST.
X capable of doing society reporting, can secure
steady position at $50 per month: Investment se-
cured. Address M. >.. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN 1O ASSIST IN
\J profitable legitimate business. Address Profit,
box 122, Call Office.
LMItST-CLA SS TAILORESS ON CUSTOM
X coats. 411 Vi Kearny st-
T\RESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
XJ thoroughly In three hours or less at MRS. R.
_, JONES' dressmaking school, 505 Fell st.
TTAIRDBKSSINO.-MANICURING, BEAUTY
XL culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st. ■
pERFKCT KITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
.I making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers; waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up.
McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
LADIES-FKEE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
HAIRDRES:->INO, 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WASTED. 641 MARKET
street.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RKBPECTAB-B;
Winchester Houg«, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
l.crwe-k: tree 'bus and baggaee loand from f*rrv.
————-—-—— ________ „
MA_£ _i*,_i' WASTED.
W~"a n-Fe d-?UTne RsT^eTp^iTMoTJTHrB
»» laborers about mine, $1 HO per day. good
steady job: blacksmith for country shop, $52 per
month and board; 10 farmhands, $20. $26 and
$26 per month on ranches near city: chore man
for country hotel, $16 aud found: waiter,, country
hotel, $26. fare advanced: baker for hotel near
city. $30; young Scandinavian porter for saloon,
$30 and board, nice place; driver for city bakery
wagon, must be experienced, $30 to $35 and found;
2 milkers, near city, $20. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. 4
\KI ANTED— NEAT BARKEEPER FOR COTJN-
»» try hotel, nice place, no boys wanted, $30 and
found, reference required. W. D. EWER A CO.,
626 Clay st.
\\ AITER, COUNTRY' HOTEL, *25; DAIRY-
"» man, country, $35; 2 machine miners, $3 a
day: 3 farmhands, $20: stableman, $35: machin-
ists; 10 men to peel tanbark, $1 25 a cord : woods-
men, $26 and $30. R. T. WARD it CO., 608 and
610 Clay st. • . _ \ ■ r.
AKER AND PASTRY COOK TO BAKE ON
range at night for summer resort, $65;
: cook country restaurant. $40; waiter country res-
taurant, $30; night short order cook country res-
taurant, $9 a week; bedmaker country hotel. $26;
dishwasher for springs, $15. C. R. HANsEN <fc
CO., 110 Geary st.
OTEL BARKEEPER WITH GOOD REFER-
ences, $35; neat young nightclerk for hotel,
wltn references. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
O COLORED WAITERS COUNTRY HOTEL,
-. $30. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
pOACHMAN, WITH GOOD REFERENCES,
\J private family, s3s and found. C. K. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary st.
ill WOODARD AND I. YOKOAMA, THE _
: . Japanese, please call: Japanese cook, coun-
try hotel, $25. & R. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
BLACKSMITH, COUNTRY SHOP, $40 TO $60
XJ and found, see boss here; blacksmith helper
and shoer, country shop, $26 and board: wagon-
maker, country shop, $2 50 a day. C.R.HAN-
SEN _ CO.. 110 Geary st.
_________________________
T MEN TO PICK FKUIT. $1 A DAY AND
-LU board; 6 farmers, near city, *20 and $25
and board; 3 milkers, $30 and $20: 10 laborers,
city. 826 and board. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary St.
HIRT POLISHER, HOTEL LAUNDRY,
O $_ 50 a day; shirt polisher, $45 and found;
man to run Sinclair bosom ironer, $50; 3 Ironers,
country laundry. $35 and Sound. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 110 Geary at. > 8 -
On WOODCHOPPERS FOR A MINE, $1 A
--V cord; 5 laborers for a mine, $20 and found,
fare paid; 20 redwood-tie makers, 8c and 10c each;
20 laborers. $1 60 a day ; 4 team stars. $20, $26 and
$30; 5 scraper-teamiters, $25. MURRAY _
READY, Leading Employment Agents. 634 and
636 C lay St.
*L COOKS, $26, $30 AND $60; 6 WAITERS,
0 $30; 2 dishwashers, $15 and s2o; cook, private
family. MURRAY A KEADY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St. '
l/LACKSMITH, $40, FOUND. - COUNTRY;
■ It wheelwright, see boss here; stableman, city,
$35. MUKRAY _ READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si. •
i)f\ FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
£\J hands, $20, *26: 2 choremen, $16, $17 60: 3 1
rar.ch teamsters. $20; man to gather sacks behind
harvester, $35 and found: 3 men to drive header-
a-.'ons, $30. . MURRAY — READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. ■
"I r EN OR STRONG BOY'S TO HELP DIG
1 0 small trenches, pick fruit and hoe. etc., for a
large company's ranch: short distance from San
Francisco. MURRAY READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay at-
• HELP ■WANTED— Continued.
ANTED-SEPARATOR MAN FOR SELF-
feeding machine, $4 day : man to pickle olives,
$30 and found; 2 lroners, $35 and found; office-
boy for country. $10 and found: farmers, $20 and
$25; woodchoppers, $1 25 cord: laborers, $175
day ; wine-cellar man for country, $1 day and
found; farmer for fruit ranch, $200 year: cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ i
CO.. 628 Sacramento st- |
\\r ANTED— COOK, PLAIN, RESTAURANT,
" $40; second cook, German preferred, $35;
cook, $12 a week; waiter, $30; man to drive
wagon and work in coal-yard, $15: coachman and
tend to garden, country, $25; see party here: hotel
butcher; good broiler, etc LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st. .
ANCH-HAND. $26; FARE PAID. MIsS
CULLEN, 823 Sutter st.
ANTED— SECOND COOK, COUNTRY, $60;
waiter, $6 a week, country. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
IJARBERS WANTED TO ATTEND THE AN-
' > nual picnic and shaving contest of the Barbers'
Association of California, Germania Garden, Har-
bor View, next Sunday.
\\r ANTKD — INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN
" for office work. Address in own handwriting.
stating age and wages expected, X. Y. Z., box 154,
Call Office. '
\\T ANTED — THOROUGH CHILDREN'S
" clothing salesman; must be good stock-keeper.
RAPHAEL'S, 11 Kearny st.
AKBKK WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
X> Sunday; steady. 509 Castro st.
ARBER WANTED SATURDAY AFTER-
X) noon and Sunday; wages $3. 1419 Dupont.
TJAKBER WANTED. 2 EIGHTH ST.
/ 1 OOD BARBER WANTED. 406 DEVISA-
VJ dero st., nr. Oak. .
MART BOY, 18, TO LEARN BAKER TRADE.
k? 1837 Polk st. .
ANTED— DISHWASHER AT 1218 POINT
'» Lobos aye., near Geary-st. carhouse.
T^fEAT ERRAND-BOY WANTED. 136 NA-
— l toma st.
TIT ANTED— a MAN FOR NURSERY WORK;
Vt wages $16. Call 612 Haight st. _■
AN USED TO TEARING DOWN BUlLD-
ings. Call early, 1 1 66 Mission st.
VOUXO MAN TO TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
I S2OO cash. Address Y. V., box 11, call.
\l- ANTED— A WAITER; WAGES $15 PER
" month. 405 Montgomery aye. ■ -.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCH.S. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) ment secretary, CONRAD TKOELL, 657 Clay.
L) AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF VAL. KMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. 2;i9V 2 O'FarrelL
ARBER-SHOP FOR SAIE, CHEAP; GOOD
location. 227% Second st.
CHAIR BARBER -SHOP AT $250. IN~-
quire at 13 Taylor st.
ARBKRS — BEST-PAYING 3-C'HAIK 15c
shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDROW, San Jose.
WE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
'» selling at less than 14 their value: cast-off
shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. nav.u, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in -height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted ; this important branch ' of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco,
Cal.
WANTED- 100 MEN EVERY DAY TO EAT
our home-cooked hot lunch, free with drinks.
Yosemite Saloon, 200 Fourth st.
TJELIABLE MAN TO SOLICIT FOR POR-
XX trait enlarging and pictures. . 1517 Market St.,
near Twelfth.
TTONE3T PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISHED
XX paying liquor-store: part cash; balance out
of profits: cause, sickness. 206 Third st.
NERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN TO PRE-
X2J sent the greatest novelty of the year: salary
and commission. The Cabinet Company, 18 Post.
CACHAIB RESTAURANT ON SIXTH ST.
Ov/for $100: sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
HOE-SHOP FOR SALE. 2903 PINE ST.
pARTNER WANTED— ONE ACQUAINTED
X in city: temperate; rustler; reference; investi-
gate. 1- mployinent Office, 128 Four, st.
VKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
_,i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 to $2 50: reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
LL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE.
tea or milk. 635 Clay.
MAN. TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert st.
ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
barber-shop: newly opened: shaving sc: hair-
cutting 10c; best and biggest in city. 207 Fourth st. ,
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE- i
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. :
lODGINGB, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN. j
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacifl , below Kearny. 1
I STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DX. GOR- j
-*A- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay, i
KST IN CITY--SINO' E ROOMS, 15. 2C AND
25 cents per night. $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
DOOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 DrummsU
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
II to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
W ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <fe <* 0., Depl. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c. : LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market.opp.Will <fc Finck's, S.F.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-soleln? 25c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
\| EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'J all grocers keep iv
X ARE SHO_ DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
yonrold shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
tit one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
WANTED— MEN TO" LKARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission at., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: -ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
\ cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, 863^ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
HAT CHKER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
su-. 200 rooms; best In the city, single rooms
SO and 25c a night, Via w*ek : meals 10a
INCHESTER HOUSK. 44THIKDST..NKAK
Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutter
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
I 1 sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
I i i/A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
H'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. *
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
veek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay st.
I.IKEK BKER-TWO SCHOONERS FOll 60;
I nl°o a hot;l »of I»-.t. .V. at 637 Clpv <■
AUKNTS WANTED.
AGENTS FOR FINE BUILDING LOTS IN
Los Angeles. M.SALOMON <feC'\, 821 Market.
ROOMS WANTED.
UN?ul£Nlsl_D~TtOOMsl BATH; PRl-
vate family: $5 per room: nr. Odd Fellows
Hull. Address 128 V 2 Seventh st. ■
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
S""_LTTTo^K^OoTcsTtT^'_TNTr^A^JLTjEw"
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth nt-: .send postal.
~ DENTISTS.
" : pil^-c€A^^6k^TiaTßYi r 7lßST^c£AS
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DINO, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
I jR. DUCKKTT, 1703 PO.-.T ST., NEAR BU-
XI cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge wore.,
K.L. T. IKANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,'
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. • 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
. ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
fl_7 A SET FOR TKKTH: WARRANTED AS
<JP i good as can he made; filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
l^R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given, ■
TUJLi.. o._ 1 OF IKK in. , $7; WARRANTED
X rive years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, SM sixth st.
ET Ol' TKETH WITHOUT A P-ATK. UK. LL
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. .'■..■
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GEN IN
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
»nd patentee of improved . bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from t> to 20 O'Farrell st.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION! 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vearj'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815*4 Geary.
1 >OI,TUN DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUd -Alt-
\j JcetjM. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
1 K. J. J. LEEK, MA RKKtTcOR. GOLDEN'
I ' Citki* hV".— Open evening-, Sunday^ i"i noon.
TYPEWRITERS.
T> EMINGTON, $35 ; SM ITH, NEW. S6O ; SEND
XV for sample work. SCOTT _ BANNAN, 333
Montsomerv st.
\ BUSINESS ' CHANCES. '__....
C_£fifk PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAYING
tJlUutf .•business: will stand the fullest investi-
gation; rare chance . for young or middle-aged
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge
the business. T. iX'BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
aj» I /inn AN ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP
<Jp l_l»l/. across the bay. with two horses and
wagons, tine fixtures, safe, cash res ster: working
3 men and doing fine business; object of selling
sickness investigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
(jjTJi^nrS FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
tJDOUv/. tionery business; In good locality rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<_ 1 I \f\ VEGETABLE-STORE AND , FRUIT-
«]p X \J\J, stand. Saloon; paying fine.
$700— Restaurant: worth $1.' 00: see this.
$200— Branch bakery and delicacy -.worth double.
$1100— A snap in an elegant grocery. ' !
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
<_ \?\C\ FINE GROCERY AND BAR, BEST j
I® lOu. location in city, good business, sells 8 j
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling, j
other business; see this at once. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. .
(JJ.IO" CANDY STORE, NORTH OF MAR-
«jp±^c>. ket, etabilshed 22 years: rent $12; liv-
ing rooms; furniture Included. M. LBSS CO.,
783 V Market st.
C29^n RESTAURANT; 3 LIVING ROOMS:
*Jp_-tJU. rent $20: doing Al business: daily re-
ceipts $10. M. LESS & CO., 783y 3 Market st.
Q^A SALOON; THRIVING" INTKRIOK
tlpOOv". town: opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rent; living rooms; receipts $10; daily ex-
penses $1; good stock. M. LESS CO., 783y a
Market st.
<J_7P.jl PARTNER WANTED liN FAMILY
«IP I O\J, liquor-store; run successfully by
present o— ner for 20 years; large outside route:
half cash; young man preferred must have good
references. M. LESS _ CO., 783 1/2 Market st.
©OHO PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNER
eSpZUU.lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 632
Market st. r ■■"■■'.• ■ V.. ;
(»lfl (inn ROAD HOUSE, across the
<3DXV/.vvV/. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds; finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage; good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the property; satisfy yourself,
STENBEKG & CO., 632- Market St.
Q>~t Ol\(\ RESTAURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
«4pXOv/V/. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances; old-established trade: chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 Invested, large
Income certain. STENBERG _ CO.. 632 Market.
m>Qn, BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
O' ; store; thriving location; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
0 YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. HKALY <fe CO., 23 Kearny su
d_QAA WOOD, COAL, HAY AND FEED;
tJpOV/U. does an express business; 4 horses:
wagons; owns buildings. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
"fflj Oj \(\(\ HOTEL OF 24 ROOMS, BAR,
«4P_jUUv/. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing $150 per
month; rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain: satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HKALY, 23 Kearny.
ffijQ^n RESTAURANT AND COFFKE-SA-
*JpOUU. loon, Polk St., clearing $75 per month;
owner in other business. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
fTIOBUY OK »ELL A BUSINESS WITH DIS-
-1 patch see DEMING & CO., 737 Market st.
PESTAURANT ON MARKET ST $200
XV Saloon, north Market st 2,600
Lodging-house, 60 r00m5.... 2,000
Hotel, three-story 12,500
DEMING _ CO.. 737 Market St.
<SL 1 PiH COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
(g) 1 D\J.' worth $760. DECKER, 1020 Market.
©Or;/! BRANCH BAKERY AND DELI-
-<iPOiJU. cacy store: well worth $500: daily re-
ceipts $8; 3 fine living-rooms; rent $15; great
bargain. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market st.
<3jO>n RESTAURANT; ESTABLISHED 15
is)Ou\J. years: run by present owner three and
a half years: receipts $20 per day; rent $22 50; 6
rooms connected if desired: selling on account of
sickness. Address EL, box 89, Call Office.
WANTED— INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS PART-
-11 ncr to take charge and look after chophouse
and restaurant; owner Is cook; $225 required: $60
and hoard guaranteed. Apply J. MEYER, 40 Clay.
pIGAR-STORE;~BEST PART OF MARKET
\J St.; will sell at invoice. $275; good trade; a
bargain. Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
pROCERY. DELICACY, CIGAR AND CON-
\J fectionery store combined; doing a nice little
business, with cheap rent and living-rooms, fur-
nished, for $400. Call at store, 415y 2 Powell St.,
het. Post and suiter.
OR SALE— STOCK AND FIXTURES OF
delicacies and dairy produce store: receipts
average $650; must sell to-day, having accepted
situation for Monday next; good location. 729
Montgomery aye.
Qt 1 r.fi(\ A FINE PAYING SALOON HAND-
tyLt)\J\J. somely fitted up; good trade: excel-
lent location; reasonable rent and small expense:
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address V. R.,
box 82, Call Office. - ■■
/GROCERY STORE, WITHOUT BAR: FINE
VT fixtures; splendid 'outside trade; 3 Irving
rooms; rent $-5; just the thing for man and wife;
price $400. Inquire of A. ASBECK, 1140 Market.
ROCEKY AND BAR; 2 FURNISHED LIV-
VJT ing-rooms ;| just the place for man and wife;
no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office.
I 7 C BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONER
1 it), store; cheap; account of death. Apply
this office.
IP OR SALE— WOOD AND COAL YARD;
I . horse and 2 wagons; central location. Address
Call Office.
IpIRS.I -CLASS BRANCH BAKERY; FIX-
X tares for sale; cheap. 165 Grove st.
WANT CORNER GROCERY' OR SUITABLE
11 store, with living-rooms. C. H., 1818 Polk at.
"YTERY REASONABLE: ONE OF THE BEST
\ dye works iv the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca-
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
■LOR SALK— HOTEL OR LODGING- HOUSE:
X I 37 fine furnished rooms: kitchen; dining-room:
tine bar; entrance to 2 streets; rent reasonable;
will be sold at a bargain : near ferry depot. Ad-
dress F. D. P., box 106, Call Office. '
AVING 2 KESTAURANTS-ONE CHEAP;
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
©1 nnn ha interest IN OLD estab-
tJf'l.v/Uv/. lished, well stocked, good paying
general store out of town; double value In sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
ESKROOM FOR RENT. ROOM 305,
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
Ivor's ale AT a SACRIFICE— A splendid-
X paying restaurant betwe-n two cartiouses: rent
only $17, living-rooms included: owner retiring
from business. Apply at once 3279 Mission st.
$_zinn A BARGAIN FOR YOUNG MAN;
«4*!-_iUU. fine route, Including horses and wagon;
average sales $50 per day; will stand fullest inves-
tigation. Apply 1402 Church st.
a* i o;r man OK WOMAN to JOIN in pttr-
I -.«.). chase of paying business; fixtures
worth $500, M., box 60, Call Office.
"TiESIRABLE CIGAR-STAND IN HEART OF
XJ city; reasons for disposing, ill health. Address
F. D. 8., box 31, Call Office. •
WANTED— A CHEAP LAUNDRY ROUTE.
»T Address L. R., box 111, Call Office. -
ANTED— TO BUY A SMALL COFFEE-SA-
-11 'oon in good location. Address, stating price,
etc., C. * , box 43, call Office.
ANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AND
X> tobacco, laundry office. 317% O'Farrell st.|
OR SALE — INSIDE EVENING PAPER
X I route; price modeiate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore-
noon.
i(\(\ —SEE THIS BARGAIN; RESTAUR-
«Ir_VV/. aunt well worth $1500: 959 Market
St. Apply H. McKENYO, 838 Mission.
For SALE— A fine CORNER SALOON, ELE-
X* cant fixtures, billiards, etc.; centrally located
near Market street: rent cheap. For particulars
address L M., dox 108. Call Office.
PARTNER WITH $25 CAPITAL WANTED
Xby lady of means. Room 2, 12 Mason su
IpOK SALE— A FINE GROCERY AND BAR.
1 Call at 1421 Harrison, bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
"PARTNER OF INFLUENCE IN BEST PAT-
X ent made. J. X., box 44 Call Office. '
<_r (\f\ FOR SALE— NICKOLAS HOTEL,
«Jp«Jv/U. corner San Bruno and Army sts.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; MUST BE
\J sold at once on account of leaving city; cull
and see it. 1044 Folsom st. . .
FOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST EQUIPPED,
centrally located wood, coal, hay and grain
stores in Oakland; corner lot. Parties desiring to
buy please address A. 8., box 7, Call Office, Oak-
land. . ■
m» 1 CM RESTAURANT WORTH $500;
tjpXcM'. everything first class. Apply D. Mo
KaE, 829 Mission st.
WANTED— PARTNER IN A GOOD-PAYING
»» butcher business. Inquire at cor. Sixteenth
and Guerrero sis.
IFTY-CHAIR RESTAURANT ON SIXTH ST.
X I for $100; sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth s\.
TUNE BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAN TO
J Invest $6000. B. C, box 9. Call Office.
FOR SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED FRUIT
and poultry store; make offer. 1003 Howard
St., cor Sixth. ■
PURCHASER DOCK AND POULTRY
X ranch: $750. T. F. CON KLIN, office Red Flag,
opposite Six-mile House, San Bruno road.
ESTAUhAST; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
XV sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st. • -
l/IRST-CLASS GOOD-PAYING BAKERY,
.T chean. on account of death. Call Office.
73 AURA NT-GOOD LOCATION; GOOD
XV place for man and wife: cheap. Apply Cull.
WILL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
»» outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth. .
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
_tl for cash: city or country. M., box 2. Call.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAI'ER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
OOD ! OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1 869 : amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. . box 137. Call Office.
BUSINESS CHAMCEB-ContHni»fl.
MARKET-ST. CIGAB-ST AND AND
»TiZUU. cli brooms; must be sold; low rent.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
"_f_A BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LTVINO-
3nOl/. rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
,mon CHOPHOUSEAND SHORT OBDEK8;
oboU. receipts $7 day; low rent: great bargain.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
— O 'AA FIRST-CLASS SALOON; LI ASK;
«m_jQUU. good trade: owner retiring: < lianca
of allfeiime. Address C. H., box 139, Call Office.
LODGINCr-UOUSES I'OK SALE.
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
15 mustsell DECKER, 1020 Market st.
-l\ ROOM HOTKL; RENT $70: KUSINKS3
00 location: $1500. DECKER. 1020 Mar.
1 Q ROOMS; A REAL GOLD MINK; OLD-
I 0 established house: elegant new modern
furniture; new carpet: everything first-class;
cheap rent- owner retiring from business. 1 I.M-
ING A CO., 737 Market su
nO() VAN NESS, COR. GROVE— I 4 ROOMS;
_O- arranged for lodgings or houskeeplug.
_• Qnn SNAP- NEWLY FUR N IBH hD
«IN~)U\J. lodging-house 13 rooms; rent $32. 838
Mission st.
A '_> ROOMS; BEST-PAYING HOUSE: CHEAP ;
— O easy terms. 115 Second st.
T ODGING-HOUSES BOUGHT, SOLD AND
XJ exchanged. PMELPS X ' <>.. 917 l.arkln s .
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
no WELL- FURNISHED ROOMS: FULL;
._<■ low rent; price $575. Inquire grocery. 40 6th.
FURNITURE i'OU SALE.
IpIRE SALKI »','_•,
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. _,„ ■
Oak bed sets 18 50.
Bed lounges " «
Stoves > 50
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we tare conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
OLID OAK PARLOR SUIT; GOOD AS
new; *A bedroom set: Brussels carpet; very
cheap; no dealers. 541b Second st.
OR SALE— 7-ROOM FLAT COMPLETELY-
and newly furnished; rent $30. 125 Grove at.
L^LOOR OILCLOTHS $ 20
-C Englt h Linoleum M
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oak 75 00
BHUUEK- SUIREK, 747 Market st. __^_
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
AiU\ «-AiTp_T_; CHAMBER BETS. $14;'
"t\'\J stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20; foldlnß-bed%
flO: hed- our.geg. $7 T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OD-HAND FURNITURE . FOR COUKTRY}
— . good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
. fornla st., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORtS
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOR _
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNt-
ture and merchandise see Hi' ill), 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE!
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-'
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest prlca.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 701.
CARPET CLEANING.
ONESr^Ca CARPKT '^CLKZ-si'sa'^AtiO
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
PARPET CLEANING, 3c; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT*
TON. 19 Eighth st.
j pRKAT WESTERN CARPET-BE
VJ works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 25:*.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send toSPAULDlNG'SPloneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su; tel. So. V).
pONKLIN'SCARPET SKATING WORKS. 3JJ
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
PITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
\j ting, 38 Bth. STKVKNS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPBTH CLEANED AND RENOVATE-'
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth: t«L
Kouth 38. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
I E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 249
') . 14th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 71
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: t«L south -'23.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
W^^TLTTAIJ^rBA^G^RT^ioILE^TG^NinFoR
the celebrated Hallet _ Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. . » ••; -
A UPRIGHTS SACRIFICED; SCHUBERT,
— Steinway.Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness.
E HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced ■
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
Instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, In whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure a bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
_ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Steinway rep- .
resentatives. ,
•\7"ERY CHOICE UPRIGHT. BEAUTIFUL
V case, excellent tone, sacrificed for $130: owner
obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market st.
N ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWAY;
immediate, forced sale. Room 10, Flood bldg.
AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; NEW;
sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento st.
li^ISHER UPRIGHT, $125; MARSHALL <_
' Wendell. $125: bargains a- $150 and $175.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
_______________ __
TJIANOS HALT PRICE.
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SELi .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market su
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY _ CO., Steinway representatives.
STEINWAY $175; STECK »160: STEKL-
Ing $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
PIANOS-DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. TH_ F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 938 Market st.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE V. W. SPENCER CO-
-983 Market st.
EFOKK BUYING SKK HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A- Gerts- and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost .
landed In New York; Just the chance to buy a fins
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 36: mandolin*, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
<_ 1 9.^ FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
O -1 «-«■'• McAllister st., next, to Hiberuia Bank.'
pHICKKKING, KNABK, STECK. VOSE, BTEB-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ _ &ON. 18 OFarreli.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHSIKR,
Newby — Evans, Krlcgs end other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD-NEW
0 H. MI'LLKH. maker, repairer, 3 Latham Dlace.
HOUSES. '
n^L^EI]L~^T^U_uTIC~AJUCTION AT 645
"» Geary St., July 2, 1 gray mare, buggy and
harness for board bill. C. R. MARTIN.
AN TED — STYLISH HORSE, ABOUT IS
"™ hands high; must be gentle and able to trot
within 3 minutes-; name price. H., box 17, Call.
pOOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
" J horse; $20; a bargain. 159 Second st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 "sETS
1— of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for It- ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St., 8. F.
1 = (\ SETS NEW A*.D SECOND HAND HAR-
XOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st,
\(\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
cfcrockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES Fort SALK; ALSO WAGONS.
ttU baggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lloria
Market, 327 Sixth sU; auction sales every Wedne*
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED; Sh.N.» JbUK UIROU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 commercial st, 1
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
*^OR~^ATi_rAT~^ASTERN^ PrIcEsTfInIS
X I carriages of every desc Iption; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mis Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
QLIGHTLi SOILED DRIVING ULOVES;
t 0 samples. H. M. NEMAN, 109 Sanaome st.
TVTJSW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
XV dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. S2B Harrison St.
___ STORAGE. ~
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, ccc. SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
AKGKDRY BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
J- lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
rp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
1 .redrced rates: basemen: storage, sl 50 per load
CRN ITU UK. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA V LO It ,204 Post.
T OWEST n. RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. pierce, 735 Market-
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.___ HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY 6 JlOOMs; OPEN
-Li plumbing; nice neighborhood. 512 Guerrero.
£\C\A GROVE ST., COR. OCTAVIA-5 SUNNY
i»U _ rooms: bath; $22 60.
nnO RENT— S3S; WARM BELT; MISSION
-»■ Nob Hill; cor. Liberty and Dolores sts.: band-
some Eastlake house; 10 large rooms and bath :
periect order; large garden.
<2>9A HOUSE, 6 SUNNY BOOMS, AT 326
<$_.U. polk St. _______
2 ELEGANT HOUSES ADJOINING: 8 ROOMS
each; rent reduced to $37 50, inclaoing water.
816-818 McAllister st.
00l 7 JACKSON-ELEGANT, NEW, MOD-
OOI I era bouse of 9 rooms bath and finished
basement: marine view; rent .reasonable. WILL
E. FISHER _ CO., 14 Post st.
SPLENDID 8-BOOM HOUSE: 3653 TWEN-
tleth St.. bet. Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent. .
HOUBE-A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. '
G;QA MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
<&ii\J. ment: lare yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
FUKHISHXD HOUSES.
'TIoiRENT~FORirOR 3 MONTHS— FURNISH-
X ed house In Alameda: firs class with piano and
stable; terms rer.souable to responsible parties.
F., box 7, Call Office.
6 -ROOM COR. HOUSE. OAKLAND, STABLE,
large lot, $30. Apply Dentist, 10 Geary st.
SUNNY~HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; NICELY FUR-
nlshed: piano: »35. 1515 Grove St.. nr. Baker.
COTTAGES TO LET.
/Cottage, neaklt NEw^~s~Roows^AliD
. \J bath, laundry: large stable. 828 Hampshire st.
A AQ LAUREL ST.. NB. CALIFORNIA — NEW
tlUty modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment. WILL E. FisUER & CO., 14 Post st.
791 LOTT— COTTAGE & BOOMS AND BATH ;
I _• 1 garden in front; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
OOTTAIiK OF 8 KOUMS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 2824 Mission st.
<£7 P*O COTTAGE OF 3^ ROOMS; GOOD
«Jp I .O' ' order; water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant 5.., near Eighth, or 14 Montgomery St.,
G. H. UMBSKN & CO.
FLATS TO LET.
'<» 9 T7IfIT^^AI!_JSTEB~SrTr^B JtOOMS
O— •**• and bath; elegantly finished; fine large
dining-room. ASHTON _ GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
on waller, near MARK elegant
O_> new upper flat: 7 rooms and bath ; best light-
ed flat in city.
7 OWER FLAT, 7 ROOMS, BATH; ALL MOD-
Xj em. 917 Gutter st.
Ql A. AND $15; TWO FLATS 4 AND ft SUN-
-olt ny rooms: good oraer. 262 Clara, nr. 6th.
Cj"! Q BUNNY LOWER FLAT, 5 BOOMS;
O-LO. bath: yard. 420 Fourteenth, nr.Valeucla.
"©~l^7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
O-*- • . Post St., near Polk.
TVTEAR CITY HALL: FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS.
—1 149 Grove su and 127 and 716 V« Ivy aye.
1(»1QA POST— S ROOMS AND" BATH. PUR-
IUiy nished or unfurnished; only $20. Apply
on premises.
1619 c Post— Rear: 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
1318 Natoma— 4 rooms; $12.
TAESIKABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
-is with bath and all modern Improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and liough; runt, in-
cluding water, $42 50.
C 99 SIXTH— BOOMS, HALL, FOLDING
«J_,_i doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced. $12:
also 5 rooms, bath; large yard: rent reduced, $12.
rUT 6 BOOMS AND BATH; GOOD MARINE
J view. 2104 Leaven St., cor. Filbert.
UN.NY FLAT; 4 KOOMS: BATH: CHEAP.
W. seven,t?enth and Sanchez.
01 - HYDE— BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
OJ. O downtown flat; handsome mantels; large
closets: every room sunny; will rent cheap to per-
manent tenant. Apply BURN HAM & MARSH
COMPANY, 6JB .Market si.
T OWKR BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 6 LARG E
— -i rooms. SO I Moss, off Howard, near Seventh.
I^LATS 3 BOOMS EACH: YABD; BASEMENT.
123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third st.
m»i (j UPPEH FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BAT ;
<JpXt7. 624 Grove st. VOX BHEIN & CO.
IQI a B~A CB A M N TO— KICK FLAT OF 4
IOIt: rooms and bath.
C_99 £»fl IM ASH AYE.. OFF VAN NESS,
._.. «JU. xir. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
<_1 Q UPPEB FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
"pXO. rooms. 728 Vi McAllister st.
VKW FLAT, 4 BOOMS AND BATH. 6 REED
-Li st. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
" TVTEW FLAT, 6 BOOMS AND BATH; $12;
— water free. 5-9 Ivy aye.
UNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, 920 PINE, OPPO-
-0 site the Bella Vista: 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25: latest improvements.
"I OAT STEINEK. NEAR SUTTEP.— LOWER
J.OU 1 flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
~~~To _ BOO'.'ViS, 'Jos7i 2 MISSION ST. KEY
~JIO. in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
1 (^A 1 EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
XOriL nerflat; &rooms; latest improvements;
rent reasonable.
79/4 I MCALLISTER— FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
1 _,U2 bath: sunny Hide; rent reduced. . ■
S" UNNY fTaT>; 8 "AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: *13 and $16. 1706 Post at- .
<_ 1/• MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 6 BOOMS
tJXO. and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
<_ If\ 4-ROOM. UPPER FLAT. HALF A
«5 IU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
TO 7 BOOM AND BATH FLaTS AND COT-
tages- from $6 to $20. SPECK _ CO., 602
M ark t st. -
LAT-A NICK • FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. - •
OWf-K FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: batn; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14,: water free.
LEG ANT N_W FLAT* SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
HOUSKB__EPXNU KOOMS.
liddr Street;
9Q EDDY— ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOR
4-iV light housekeeping; ciubroom or doctors.
Ql 7 EDDY— NICELY FCRNISHED FRONT
»' 1 I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family. • ' ■
Fifth Street.
99 1 FIFTH— NICE SUNNY BOOMS, WITH
- i£X. kitchen, for housekeeping.
Ql A FIFTH— SUNNTfFBONT BAY-WINDOW
Ol _ room and kitchen; also 2 other sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath: large yard; private.- $10 up.
34*' FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUHE-
O_t) keeping rooms: 2, $10: 3, $13: single, $5.
/IOQI HFTH— SUNNY FRONT BOOM AND
4-^Oj} kitchen completely furnished for house-
keeping^ -
Fulton Street.
II O FULTON — 2 LARGE BOOMS COM-
- 11 0 pleoely furnished for bonsekpg; $9 month.
l.eury Stieet.
OT7I GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_ 1 4 2 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Howard Street.
inir HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
IGJ-O rooms; light housekeeping; use bath and
laundry; no children.
1 AOO HOWARD-UNFURNISHED FRONT
I'-ZO room and kitchen, cheap; no children.
1 df\U HOWAKD-2 FURNISHED BOOMS
J.OUD complete for light housekeeping.
.lark Street.
Ann JACKSON ST. — FURNISHED BUNNY
t/_-U front housekpg rooms $7 to $9: single, $4.
Jessie tstreec.
AHP JESSIE—. FRONT BOOMS, FURNISH-
iIDed for housekeeping: also front room.
McAUisipr Street.
rOQ McALLISTER-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED
UOO rooms for housekeeping.
A.liin-^ • tee-.
'A OH MINNA— 2 LARGE WELL FURNISHED
4O i housekeeping rooms: reduced.
* rt.ibMiofi >treui.
CQQ MISSION - 2 LARGE BOOMS AND
000 kitchen, well furnished; $12; also single.
1 9O'> MISSION— 2 OK 3 BOOMS i UR-
J.-4-J-J nlshed complete for housekeeping.
1 7<\ A MISSION-TOP FLOOR: MCE HOCRE.
X. 01 keeping; 3or 4 rooms; ba:h, yard, laun-
dry, basement, ; • ■
_____ Ninth Street.
lift NINTH-FRONT SUITES: HOTTBBKBEP-
_.U ing; 2to 4 rooms: stove; single; gas; also
232 Eighth st. , - •
~~~ Oak Street.
one; OAK-PA FLOOR: 3 FURNISHED
OUt) housekeeping rooms; bath; every, con-
venience f private family. ■'■"-■■ ■ -
QA' OAK— UNFUB_I!sHED UPPEB FLOOR
Out) 8rooms: bath; rent $14.
Oct»via Street.
1a A Q OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY-SUNNY;
I^lUi) bay-window connecting; furnished.
" o'jarrcll Mtmt.
AOI O'FABRELL— '_ OB '3 COMPLETELY
T O 1 furnished housekeeping rooms : also parlors.
I(\A O'FABKELL— 3. SUNNY '. UNFCR-
i U_ nished rooms; private family; vacant Ist.
l'olk Street.
Q-l Q POLK— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
t7J-O alcove aDd kitchen complete for housekeep-
ing; new carpets and furniture; cheap; bath, gas.
HOUSEKEEPIKG ROOMS — Continued.
Prospect Place.
190 PROSPECT PLACE— IT UKNISHED
l_iO single or double rooms for light housekeep-
ing from $6 to $10: German family. ■
Seventh Street.
1 Of* SEVENTH-2 LARGE . SUNNY FUR-
-1 tJU nished front housekeeping rooms; veranda
and yard. - '
tilth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekt rooms and other rooms.
_OQ SIXTH— BASEMENT, 3 LARGE ROOMS,
TT-iC/yard, $a; furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms. • .
Stooktou Street.
OAf) STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY, NEAR
— UU the Emporium — 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
Turk street.
TUKK- KiEGANTLY FURNISHED
ILO suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Webster Street. '
m WEBSTER— SUITE OF 2 OR 3 LARGE
I XL rooms furnished, housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
11/1 WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
1 It furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
BOOMS TO LET.
Bryant Street. ,
£QQ BRYANT — FURNISHED PARLOR
D— •/ with grate; private family; suitable for
elderly or invalid lady,
Bush Street.
"I 1 fv7 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
A- JLU 1 rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
i uily Street.
m EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY, SINGLE ROOM
JL IO for pentlemen: $6.
1 1 Q EDDY— THE BKIGHTEST. CLEANEST,
X. IO cheapest rooms In the city; $6 up.
i-j_iitli Mrcei.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, ?R BTH
k St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
I'-llis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights in every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, nor night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to S SO: tire
escapes; elevator on office floor" r'ms for families.
rmiE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE a
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly lurnished; elevator; hot _ cold water.
pOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— ROOMS
Xt at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open aM night.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
• )__, CALHOLN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house: 60 rooms.
COO ELLIS — UNFURNISHED PA R LOR
«-)_-O floor of 2, 3 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
■ 1- olsoin Street.
C\ 4 FOLSOM— I LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
l)"iv) bay-window room: comfortably furnished;
running water; large garden and backyard; bath;
laundry; $12: also single rooms, $3, $5.
Otary Mree..
AC) (\ GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE VA-
1— V cant July 1; suitable for doctor, dentist or
others: reasonable: also other rooms.
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. van Ness aye.
Grove Street.
"I AC GBOVE— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
IUi) ny room: rent 85.
Howard Street.
I"1 9Q HOWARD — FURNISHED FRONT
JL 1 _■•/ rooms, with closets, $5 month up.
•I 1 Qfk HOWARD— COMPLETE FUR-
-1 1 O«J nished housekeeping rooms in private
family. •
1 QOK HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH — 3
IOW or 4 rooms: rent low.
«> ones -"reel.
m JONES— FURNISHED SUNNY
I suite: also sunny alcove room: private.
907 - T «»- N K S — * H - "VAN WINKLR: NOT
_>U I management: elegant sunny suites and
■Ingle; newly lurnished: oath, etc.; *10 to_S;>.
j.taniy mi-b0...
4 BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable. '
WE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
' » Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Lurk in m rcot.
Qf\A LARKIN — LARGE, ' SUNNY BOOM,
Cut neatly famished; housekeeping.
DilU.r - nee-.
rton M AR X K.T — NICELY FURNISHED,
I O I pleasant, sunny rooms: very reasanable.
VOSKMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKKT— Pfc,K
1 night, 35c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
O'l-arrell Street.
COO O'FARRELL — NICE FRONT ROOM;
t>_.»_) private family; for gentleman; good home:
reference.
Fine Street.
n-\ 1 PINE— SINGLE AND DOUBIE PUR-
Ull nished rooms, from $6 to $10 a month.
Folk Street.
1 1 Q.O POLK, CORNER SUTTER—
1100 furnished front rooms: new building.
Sansome Street.
r/UM KAISERHOF, 816 BANSOME ST., BET.
Zj Pacific and Broadway — Fine sunny rooms,
newly furnished, 33 per month and upward; house-
keeping rooms.
J butter street.
rA A SUTTER, COR. POWELL —S U N N T
kJ\J\J front suite of 3 rms; furnished or unfurnd.
f*(\~7 SETTER — HANDSOME PAKLOR
UU • floor of 3 rooms; furnished: also sunny
suite.
79ft SUTTEE— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I_(U private; gentlemen: reference if required.
1111 SETTER —NICELY FURNISHED
X.XX L rooms; suites and single;, also house-
keeping. .
Taylor Street.
IA9 TAYLOR— LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES
X U_j for doctorordentist ; also others; reasnable.
IAQ TAYLOR — LARGE PARLORS. $20;
-LUC/ large double .rooms. $2 a week.
1 A C\ TAYLOR— KLEOAXT ALCOVE FRONT
J-rtO parlor, newly furnished: also single front
rooms. ' .
COO TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
• >— _- ny rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Tenth Street.
I 9- tenth— large well-furnished
1 £n) room, gas, bath, 9: small one, $5.
• Willow Avenue.
7*9/1 w Alow aye., bet. jbcch'a van AND
I _iU Webster sts — '4 sunny rooms: $7 50.
i;ii\!;!)iM. AND KOOMS.
YTUVI^SUTTER (II OR NiTrT^SUNNY
IWI suites and rooms: good -table. MRS.
STANFORD.
1017 SUTTER — NIC ELY FURNISHED
XUI I large sunny rooms, with board, private
family, for 3 persons, $55. -
A HANDSOME FRONT ROOM; BATH, HOT
_— and cold water; gas; use private team; break-
fast; 912 mouth; references exchanged. 817
Geary st.
71 9 POST— FURNISHED BOOM. ; USB OF
i 1 _- parlor and piano; good board; $7,0 up.
Q"I OB GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
OXO rooms; suitable forcounple or 2 gentlemen.
/COLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLHY. f7>i£
\J nierly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assure* his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.: meals 25c.
XT-tAT SUNNY ROOMS FOR OK_fTLE_IEN;
li breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Me-
AlllsU-r st. .
milE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LKAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnUhed rooms, suite* or single.
OTKL BEKTLI.Mj. 714 i.ISU- A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; _i mod-
ern convenience*.
. CUILUKEN JUO'AUI)KX>.
ANTED^2X'HILI)REN 'ro'B'oAßD < A
well-recommended German widow. D., box
159, Call Office.
T ADY WISHES TO BOARD AND CARE FOR
J— 1 or 2 children: iaree playground and gar-
den, good board and best care. Apply 3470 .-seven-
teenth St., near Valencia: •
ANTED— Si^ALL CiIILDUKN TO BOAKD;
good home and mother's care. Apply 191f
Magnolia st, , Oakland.
LADY WITH GIRL 16 WISHES ■ 1 OR 2
children to hoard. 134 Collins st.
~~*~^ ; ■STOKES | TO LET. ~^
TOP FLOOR FOR MERCHANT TAILORING;
window display on ground floor. 817 Market st.
J ARGE CORNER STORE WITH 2 LIVING^
I j rooms and basement; also flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 417-. Th-'rd st. . ' : ■ . -
" • •„- OFFICES TO LET.
\j FOST EB - CO., 26 and 28 California at.
S" PRKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices, 18 SO up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlnj
or G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1896.
BICYCLES.
"vfEW 18^6^_JaH^GT»AiDE^^A^D^Sr~BT
li cycle at a great bargain. IBA SOBRICK, 14
Sansome street, room 37. ■ :
W INFIELD ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
tl . Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
SECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
0 order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, 1 Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st. ■■■ ■ . ,
Q' NEW FALCON; HIGH OKADE; 845 AND
VO $55 each; half price: few left. GEORG—
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market st.
13ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS^ S_S~TO $65. HAM-
XJ iiton Cyciery, Baker St., Dear Hayes. '. :':. _!
|>ICYCLESFORS2O, ?25, :$3O, $35, $40, $45,
-L> $50, second-hand. 306 Post st. -- '.■-.■-.■ -, :
iOR SALE-'96 RAMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
X penal and Clipper bicycles at great gains.
303 Larkln st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
JT best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
. Allister mm Powell su cur lines. -
I'OK SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
ttpbTght BOILER^ engine" 5-HORSE-
power; buzz planer; nearly new. J. W.,box
9, Call Office. ■ ■■ -
ST. BERNARD (IMPORTED), SMOOTH
coat, for sale: $20. '13 Taylor M. -
17<OR SALE— COUNTER AND SHOW-
. case,;cheap. 1911 Mission st. «
Q LOOP-YACHT— S2OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
0 1548 Park st., Alameda. ,
KESH COW FOR SALE. INQCIBK FORTY-
fifth st., opposite Old Ladles' Home, Oakland.
—3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENi.JNE & CENTBIFU-
gaI pumpattached_so-llghtdynamo.sl6Mlssion
VOX SALE CHEAP — TEAM OF YOUNG
X mules, harness and wagon; good roadsters. :
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland. -
CO UK T X BS, "shelving; showcases
bought and sold. 112 iy 3 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
ARUAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS, ENGINKS,2D-HANDMACHINERY, :
watarpipes. Mclntosh _ Wolpman, 137 Beale.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SAoHJii"
X) doors, mantels, etc.. for gale. 1166 Mission.
NE I*_ ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
JURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTEIt-
Jl press, platform scales and desk :cheap. 102 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND- ,
1> band. vV. B. RAY .Mig Ca, 12 California si.
• " educational.
tte^Td^s^u^i^^s^7^oTl^^e724^po^Tst!
.11 Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
RS. MELVILLE BNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; piano: elocution for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specially ;
vocal classes Monday 8 p.m.; $1 per month.
PIANO LESSONS, 500 HOUB. MB. WATTS,
_. 218 Golden Gate aye.
TIIUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
I*l in singing: $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, bacjo. .1707 Market.
SHORTHAND AND TV P X WRITING
school; terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis st.
■\TIGHTSCHOOL:HEALD'SBUS.COLLKGE;24
_> Post commercial, shorthand, English; low rates
OT>KKEKPING BY TAUII: ONLY ACCOUNT-
JLJ ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.
4 TTEND SIIEHL'SCOLLEGEr723""MARKET
i"V st. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
OOKKPNG, WRITNO. ARITHMTC, GRAMR
_> day* ni«ht: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons; $3 mo. MARY WEsthaUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GKEVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. : $3 m. Maze b1d,,r. ;,7.
ll'aMsH. I- KENCH, GERMAN ; MODERATE.
OMeistersch&ft School Languaces. 122 O'Farrell a;
Y RES 1 , THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc. : life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
L»ELAaCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACT ING-
X) Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsad
en unsre. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7tb and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, Mti-
O chanical engineering. Biirveyln?, nrchitecturis,
assay, t-stab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 7_» Jilts.
A \VE_K'S NEWS FoR 5 CENTS—
-r_ WEEKLY CALL, la wraoDer. for mailing.
trustees' sales.
•Vt?r7jstl2el?Tal"e! ""* — ■—- -~— ~-~-
X In accordance with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by BARTOLOME de LUQUE
(sometimes called de LUGUE) and OATH-
ERINA dr LUQUE (sometimes called de
LUGCE), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO VINOS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded In the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Alameda, -»ta'e of California, In Liber
506 of Deeds, at pa^es 309 and folio.vln.'; and in
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 14th day
of May, 1896, by ttie Board of Director* of said
SAN L'.A.NC si ;> SAVINGS UNIoN, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,914),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made In the payment Of the principal sum
and other suras due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said JHKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness.
• We, HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 17th day of July, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Dlngee, Nos. 4tiO and 463 Eighth
street, in the City of Oakland, Couucy of Alameda,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United '-Hates, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate in thi! City of Alameda, County of Alameda,
State of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Sherman street dis.ant thereon fury-eight (48)
feet northerly from the northerly line of Buena
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along
said line of Sherman street fifty-two (52) feet;
thence at right angles westerly one hundred (100)
feet; thence at right angles southerly fifty-two
(52) feet, and thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet to the point -of commence-
ment. • ■ .
Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (11) and twelve (12) in Block E, as laid
down and delineated on the map entitled "Map of
144 Lot* In Pa-.-e Tract, Alameda County," filed
February 25th, 1674. In the office of the County
Recorder of said County of .Alameda; together
with the appurtenances. ••■ ••. .
Tkb_s of Sals — Cash In gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the cammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so oaid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL, \ -.....„„
THADDEUS B. KENT, / TtUBteeB<
_____________ . .
rr-RUSTEES' SALE.
X In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
IHADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second par;, and the SAN FHANCISCv>
SAVING* UNION, . party . of - the third part,
dated June 23d, 1890, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of
Alameda, state of California, in Liber 407 ot DeeJs,
at pages 189 and following: and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7ih day of May, 1896, by
the Board of Directors of said SaNFRa.m 0
SAVINGS UN lON, a corporation, and j the ho der
of the note (No. 10,194), to secure payment ot
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment or the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 17th day of July. A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of William J. Dlngee, No. 460 and 462
Eighth street, In the City of Oakland, County of
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold
coin of the United States, all the pieces or paresis
of land, situate in the Township of Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described as follows, to wit:
Lots numbers twenty-one (21) and twenty-two
(22). in block number two (2), us laid down and
delineated on map entitled "Map No. 2 of the
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland Heights, I'.esub-
divided June, 1890, W. F. Boardman, C E.." hied
June 9ih, 1890, in ■. the office 01' the County tie-
corder of said County of Alameda, and to which
map and the record thereof special reference Is '
hereby made for further or more particular de-
scription, together with the appurtenances. -
Terms or sai-k— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten cent payable to the undersigned on
the fail of the hammer; balance on de ivery of
deed; and If not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days belhg allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and.tlie sale to be- void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. , . «-,-.:
HEMIV C. CAM „_,.,.
•THADDEUHB. KENT, / Trustees.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
.. A- alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended 10. U. W. Howe, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.,
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHKON-
. Ide bldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.'
j K. PHILLIPS- U. S. AND STATE COURTS";
J. R. K. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
fn J. MURRAY ATT' V AND COUNSELOR AT
1X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
W. DA V) DSON, ATTORNK Y-A T-LA W, 420
. California at., rooms 14 and 15: advioe free.
BAGGAGE TRANSFER. r
m BUNKS i MOVED. 25 CENTS. '. COMMERCIAL
; X Transfer company, 43 Butter. at.; telephone
main. 49; keep your checks for us. :,'-;■ '-'-v "^
■vA.:-.:!?!^?^^,.;';:.-..-:.
it A^TKE^f— igiTTob" cobbett
you are a greater •'dub" than he Is.
ADY, STRANGER IN CITY, WISHES
business partner. 122 Post st., room 2. ; .
l». r ANTED-SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR
»V largest fair of the Northwest; held during Oc-
tober; write full particulars. W. E., box 22, Call.
MBS. DR. MIRANDA,' CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room l.city. - .
A DVEtmSEBWANTS SEVERAL PERSONS
_— to complete camping party. 437 Fourth st.
» DVIC_ FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A- dally; private; no charge unless successful; all -
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS. TO
guaranteed parlies, $15 upward. : Cut-rate
Taloilng Company.lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For particulars address 424 Pine."
mKIED GETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
1 at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— 2sc— is my strong
point. O. LEDISItKK. 11l Stockton St.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number.
,IT AI RDBESSINOT" 25c: MANICURE. 25c:
XX. face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post St., 20
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK, RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied:
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal.
RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. r>6 Kearny st., room 47. .
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. _ Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught In six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
v^ manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 San some, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.:
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BKITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
1 IBEKAL AA>VANUh.=» ON DIAMONDS, J_\V-
JU elry, etc.; lowest rates. S4H Market st.
1 Hl\(\ CARDS, $150: SHOW CARD!* 15c;
1 i\J\f tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St.. r. 39.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
"__ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-216 Mason St.; open evenings,
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
£00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTKOZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"IJIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth Xt». ; artistic ad-
vertisement* in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
-i\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
™ \ DK_SS3IAK_KS.
T\REB^eTs2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CKNTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st., above. Sixth.
COStFmKS REASONABLE: hPECIAL
\J rates to professionals. Boom 85, St. Ann's
building. 6 1 (lily st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
'X SSISTANCE AND ADVICE
J\ that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful. '
PROFESSOK M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec- !
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— to 9
daily and Sundays.
MX. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice;names i;iven;26c up. 5 Fourth.
YP.SY. LIFE-READER; LADIES ' 25c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. STEWART, the -SEVENTH DAUGlf-
ter, is a born medium : guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband- or wife: materialize!
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. tVtUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, GIVES
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader ou
the coast. \ Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
\\ ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
AL past, present, future; 25© up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE Tr.LLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell tt.
ME. LEGKITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, ur. Fourth.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER I.*
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the plctureot
your Suture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ETURNEU, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
prigpin and future: prices moderate. H56 Mission.
•' SFIKITCALISM.
V VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOl*. ALL!
Why that lcok of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living!
M us. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this- const in the ten years past, is
again at her old office*,. 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole Hie revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. she does
not know what 'failure mea. is! Her "Revealed
Medicines", (registered and ; copyrighted), cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
• -Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE «1 & UPWARD! FEK. $1 & UPWARD!
■:-. ■-,-■ MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
.1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
. . San Francisco.
(1 V. ..MILLER SEANCE TO-NIGHT, 8
J. o'clock: 25 cents. 535 Post. To-morrow, 12
o'clock, last Mother Sadie seance; will leave
June 30. - : . •-■.--
1 ADIES' AID SOCIAL TO-NIGHT: FINE
Xj programme; dancing. '110 Hayes St.; admis-
sion 10 cents. . : : - ■
IjOTH SKXES' TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
I > "Dangers of Medlumshlp." 14 McAllister at.,
office 18. _. , . .■ ■ . .
AT 1091& , HAYEt> ST.— M. BIRD; SPIRIT
c rcle to night; all articles read; 8 it..: 25c.
h.ii. DR. W. MI KAN DAS, ~~~~
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to nil her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desire'! to make known her wonderful
power over the nick, troubled and afflicted: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans.: sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
IBHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARK-T ST.;
seances; every , night except Mondays and
Thursdays; independent siatewriting. materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: private sittings dally,
$1: chairs for seance, -sc; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours daily 9 10 4.
DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
sician; ladles only; no fee except Rift; circle
Mondays, W«d_— MUya, Fridays. 14 McAllister.
T OK ELLA, SPIRITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
J i recently of New York, tells you how to be pros-
perous In business; locates mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny sU . ;
MBS. KATE lIOSKIN^ TRANCE AND BCSl-
ncsa medium: sittings dally: ■!. lH6Onkßu
________ ____________ _ ___.
ASTROLOGY.
M^^E'DfcXL^A^TRTrL^Y-^R^JFT'H^V'AiRD^S
vital remedies remove (ill chronic troubles and
restore to perfect Health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
ME] • DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny. now 92g Post: fee $1; letter $2.
K. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY'
planets: dally or by mall, $:>. :itii „ Geary st. ■
__________ —————
LOST.
L"~OST^ON^O'NEILL ST., SUNDAY, JUNE 81,
lady's purse containing old colns.> small chan-e
and cards with owner's name. Return to TRULE-
KEN'S, Grocery, Go.den Gate, Alameda County,
aud rec lye reward. . : . . -
OST-PUO DOG, ANSWERING TO NAME OF
Prince. "~ A liberal reward will be paid for bis
return to 2. Liberty st. ; .
1 ■ f ,.\l'iftMA.\"S LOCKET: MONOGRAM «-M.
VJT B. K." on back. Return 402 Third: reward.
lADY'S WATCHFOB LOST AT EL CAM PO,
JjJone2t>. Return 404 Greenwich st.: r^vard.
LACK. SILK AND LACE CaPE AT , ST.
Bridget's picnic: Bui able reward., 1128 Union.
0 PUPS, 1 GORDON AND 1 BLACK SETTER.
— - Reward at 437 Fourth st. •'■■■ ■ ■
■ '.;. .-V. -'j -■.'■■' ■■- MOT-X TO LEASE. ■ ~^~ r ~^'
mo~_ET— T^l_r^W?^EL_^HOUSEr" 3l7^3r9
; X Bosh st.; this welt-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares witn
best 2fl-class hotel in town. MADISONABUKKE
TO LKASE.
rrTTTK^f^ni'ECoTfD^^LOol^
lor without; brick building. 145 Beulc st.
-' CITY REAL ESTATE. ■ ■/
mHE BEST PARK LOTS.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
• LOTS ON H STREET. '
LOTS ON I STREET.
LOTS ON NINTH AVENUE. .
LOTS ON TENTH A\ ENUE.
The most desirable lots in the city at the prices.
All streets graded; sidewalks laid: every lot level
and on . grade with street; water and gas mains
laid to property. , .
ONLY $750 UPWARD.
BIG BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS. •
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
' ." •-*."'" 10 Montgomery st.
I>USINESS PROPERTY FOR SALE.
D Confirmation sale of valuable property before
Judge Slack on Thursday, July 2.1b96,at 10 a. m.,
situated on the southwest corner of Twenty -fourth
and Bryant sts., 130 feet on Bryant, 100 feet on
Twenty-fourth. Inquire of SHADBURNb <fc
HEBRIN. 415 Montgomery st. . ' -..- .■•,. - :
<Si nt*rrK GREAT BARGA IN; FLA ;
«Jp I D I O. north side of Pase, St., Detween Bu-
chanan and Webster, house of 2 flats, extra large
lot, 54:2x120; 27:6x120 io Lily aye., vacant. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN _■ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ffijkinr 25x125, NE. -CORNER i,OBOS AND
•P_IZU. Capital sts., Railroad Homestead As-
sociation, Ocean View. CHABLES C. FISHER,
607 California st. - -
Iktyarin pair flats, A bargain;
•IT— iOUU.'ihalf block from Valencia st., near
Nineteenth. ' C. L. HKDEMAKK, 1052 Valencia.
© 1 l\(\ f\f\f\ To LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
© iUU. UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
SHAINVVALD, BL'CKBEE _ CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. .
OWNER UST LEAVE CITY; WILL. SELL
great sacrifice for cash: SW". cor. Foisom and
21st sts., 95x90 ft.
QOUTHWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
0 110 ft. • '
ALSO 50x100 FT. N SIDE PAGE ST., 37 FT.
from Shrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. , •
fl>«.l-I (\(\ COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«U_IUU. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; 825 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st.
Q UIISTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
0 at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
CIHEAP — ONE --STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms: bath; finished oasement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, V 3 block G. Gate Pane.
7Afl 21 ST AND DOUGLASS: LOT 25x
<3) I UU. 1.6. all a! 865 Mission, WAT.-ON.
SUBURBAN -KEAL ESTATE.
ISA^'t^N^X^rß^cTTVinrGEM ~ov~"the
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieee, from if Bo to
$200; small deposit; easy installments; bend for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAJGHT . 220 Sausome st., San Francisco, Cal.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
CMfiflA 2io ACRES OS MAIN COUNTY
tJP"_UvV'. road in Pleasant Valley: house of 11
rooms: large barn; plenty of water and wood; 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange for house
and lot in Oakland.
3JQ7£fi OXE OF THE FINEST 10-ACRE
<IpO I O\J. tracts in the State, located Ji,i miles
from Mountain View, Santa Clara County: all set
out to fruits now full bearing; common house;
good barn, windmill tank, and tankhouse; crop this
year will pay $700; $1000 cvsli, balance long time.
1 P.(\ ACRES OF FINE FRUIT AND GRAIN
1 01/ land 3 miles from railroad: Placer County ;
80 acres under cultivation; all fenced; common
house; good barn: plenty of water; on 20 acres of
this land there are splendid prospects of a gravel
claim which will pay largely; owner wants house
and to-, in Oakland, Alameda or San Francisco;
price $6000. ___
EDWIN K. ALSIP * CO.,
Boom 29, second flloor Mills building, San Fran-
cisco.
~T LAME DA COUNTY FBUIT LAND; CHOIC-
__ •■gt in the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, $35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell ; IVj hours from San
Francisco; easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle
building.
QJjQXnA 320 ACRES FINE LAND NEAR
tJpO»JUU. Reading: fine fruit and grazing:
plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery.
1 A ACRES— LOS GATO3, JUST OUTSIDE
1 LI/ city limits, east 1 mllefrom Postolllce; most-
ly In French prunes; half In bearing; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over 100 varieties of fruit,
and abundance of berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furnished home, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, storeroom, windmill, barn, carriage-
house, good family horse, bu^^y, 2- seated surrey
and new phaeton, chickens, chicken-houss and
all farming utensils; place in very finest order;
possession given immediately. - Address box 361,
Los Gat os, Cal. •'
T ITTLK~~HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
OG, DAfKY~A WOOD RANCH OF 160
acres. United States patent, and 160 acres
homestead abandonment; more than 100 acres
tillable: 1000 cords firewood; 3 large springs; 2
miles from town: lovely sltuiuion; $1000; half
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma CUy, Cut
JjEAITIFTjLHOME~rr7S ACRES FOR SALE
XJ at a sacrifice: land is situated in Monterey
County overlooking the bay of Monterey; fine im-
provements, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, tine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vllle, Monterey Count} Cal.
V*," ANTED— TO LEASK, SMALL RANCH FOR
• " chiciten-raising In the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statin? rent and full particu-
lars. L. D., Box 23, call Office. ■ ■ ■ ■
SAN MATEO: FOB SALE; SPLENDID CO UN-
-0 try residence and 3 acres of land; house has all
modern improvements; grounds ntcelv improved
with ornamental trees, flowers, etc.; also outhouses
In all kinds; this Is one of the most desirable places
of San Mateo and can be secured at a bargain.
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell St*.
T7RUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRE TRACTS,
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by the year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. .
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $10 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. .
IpOR HOMES IN LOSG\TOB OR ORCHARDS
! in the vicinity or In Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. 1L
Noble & Co.
END OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUMKS
lor __!_, WOOSTKR <fc I'lTliN. «nn .los».
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONKY LYING JDLE: TAKK AT$5 INTEK.
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec.
ond mortgage or lite Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Offl;*
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur_.
OANS ON KEAL ESTATE IST OK. 2ND
-^mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount: low rates. BECKER, 3"-8 Montgomery.
NY AMOUNT: IST. 'ii> or 3D MORTGAGES;
— — estates, undivided Interests, real estate in uro-
bate. McCOLUAN. "i Montgomery, room 3. ;
1 \IBECT ON YOUR FU HNITURK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal : no delays; no commissions: low
interest. i Km. 68, Donohue bids. 1170 Market st.
1 bT _ lit MOHTUAUKS: INTERESTS IN E*
JL tates {lowest rates;no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkc |
A DVANCESON _lA%IONJJS,JE WELRY. KTO
J\ Columbia Loan _ Collateral Oflica. 9 Gran: ava.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
— — Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELKr
STORE. !U8 Market st. : open evenings.
. PAWNBROKERS. ~T
_^Fi2o k_AiJNTTsfv^6^_r^9^O2if_Y'-
x). loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator; pledges for sal > cheap.
PROPOSALS.
BOPOSALS . FOH^ !-UPPLIES FOR "T V_TE-
X rans' Home Association— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will he received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its office, room 1 3. '320 Sansome ■ street,
San Francisco, Cal., up to . 10 • o'clock a. _.. Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there-
alter in the presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Veterans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Yountvllle), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, aud ending Decemoer
. 31. 1896. '■■-'-■ ' ■ ■..- v
- Schedules with Information and Instructions for
submittini! bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions oi the schedules, and no bid will be
■ considered unless it is in accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon -some well-known and
responsible banking house lor at lerst 10 percent !
of the amount of his bid; payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into a g od and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. .The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified. ■ . .
Address J. J. aCOVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13, 820 Sausome street,
Ban Francisco, Cal. ... , •.-'.--;'
■ By order of the Board of Directors.
- - J. J. SCOVILI.E, Secretary.
PROPOSAL?} FOR' A " COXCK_IK j^L uiv-
. -Jr bead and bituminous yard — sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education,' new ■ CliyHall,- Han • Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,'
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi- .
■ tuminous yard work at the 4 North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School : in accordance with plans and
specifications (and the con Itions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
, the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good . may re-
quire." GEORGE BEAN STON, Secretary. --
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND KEAL, ESTATE.
BARGAIN — FOR SALE, LOT 30x103, WITH
new house, 8 rooms, Clay and Sixteenth; busi-
ness location. • Apply this office. .
UST BK SOLD CHEAP; NOW IS THE TIME ;
Frultvale. IVi acres land, full-grown orchard;
good house and outbuildings: ; spring .water; Just
the place for poultry: see owner on plac , June
28 or alter. C. B. RENO, Dimond, Alameda Co ,
CaL
AKLAND AND FRUITVALB PROPERTY
for sale or exchange: furnished houses to lei.
E. HILL. 34 Donohoe building, S. F.
07x75 FEET, OS FRANKLIN ST.. WITH
— • • improvements; business corner; must be sold
to close an estate; the chance of a lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused.' Apply 10 A. U. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. \ ■ ■ '
A WEEK'S NEWS? FOR 5 CENTS — THif
■o- WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
<JV]Tr~N"E\V' M OD KBN" '7^ROOM"~F_ ATsTnT)
I tJyXO. dark or Inside rooms; stove in kitchen;
I dumbwaiter; water and ash-man 'free; central;
near Adeline station: apply at once. A. 11.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
1 ARGE~~SUNNY BA^wi2?DOWED~IFuR^
I Xj niahed room: 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 577 Eighth St., Oakland. ..
~\ 1A R I POS A — MP.S. IiMMA W. ADAMS—
i'l Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. Sti6
Eleventh St., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal. .
1 FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO - LET. *
-T with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
anil eastern exposure. 1203 Cnstro st.
OAKLAND KOOMS TO LET.
S~ UN.N'Y~ FURNISIIEI) pTrlOH^T'avTth
piano; also single rooms, at 522 Tenth St., Oak-
land. . , . ' ■ . ..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
: uX^r_^r~aio^ETiN
*n>UI7V/V. two-story bouse, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one block west of Park St.; it will surely please
you: investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland. -
BA!<GAIN-SI3SO;NKAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $250 ca*h:
balance. $13 36 per month. WILLIAM P. TODI>,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
0 RE^T— NEW" COTTAGE, 5 ROOMsTaXI
modern improvements: lawn, flowers. 1430
Ninth, bet. Ma.nlolt and Knciiml Station. Alnmedn.
ALAMED j KOOMS TO LET.
3~to~V ni ce^rit is » y BTJoM^rTjr^Ew^cTJT'-
tage; furnished for housekeeping; near both
____________(_____________________,
HAYWARDS PKOPKKTY.
3" ACBBS, 1 MILE~FROM "haYWARDS?~I
acre fruit., new 5-room modern cottage, good
new barn, well and pomp, chicken houses for 80.0
hens, pigeon yard, c.c, 15 minutes' waik to elec-
tric cars; price $1800. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal. J . .
31 ACRES, ALL OUT TO APRICOTS, *UL_
Oa bearing, li/i miles from Hay wards; price
$950- Call on or addres P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal. ,
bJ_KJC--~-K HEAL: KSTATii,
"Joseph X MA SON, RE L ESTATK AND
0 insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoint us
bank. ,
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate ;
and building. 2123 Center at.. P.erkxlev.
ISEKKELEY HOUSES.
t^or RENT^CHofciaT LOCA'FlON '""lit
£ Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully j
furnished: to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORKISON. Berkeley.
I'BOPJSUT- TO EXCHANGE.
TirA^TE^^^^D^PAYING^ IgV-«TM-JTT
' ' busioesi property between Market, Jones and
G*ary sts.. S. P.: must pay 5 per cent net; outlay
$4U,U00 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 653
Hobart St.. Oakland.
caa bargains— what DO you want?
OWU 20 houses and 10-s from $1250 t0... 510,000
Residence property, clear. ' 12,000
50 ranches, all sizes from $100 to UO.OOO
100 business places, all kinds, from AM) to. 4,000
' H. C. DECKER, 10.0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
lOu/k ACRES TIMBER LAND, KEK.V CO.:
J _.O' ' «»ier: fine for caLilo-rals^ng. N..bx.16.C«1l
___________________________________
~ MEDICAL. '
A" BLESSING TO ladies SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. A MRS.
DA VIE*. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2:
hours from 9 a. _ ■ to 5 p. m and 7 to 9 p. it.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter '
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sur<- call on a i
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RET
stored In a few hours; safe and sere relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tl ma
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS DR. WY'KTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln,
TNSTITUTE OF PNEUj.IATOPATHY FOB
X healing and Instructions: 2729 Jackson st ,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant aye. V
f ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.'
J— 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure:- diseases of the eyes treated.'
RS. GOODWIN, DISEAMCS OF WOMEN A
specialty: un excel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1870
Market st. to 904 McAllister st. ___________
T>ECABD'S PILL*— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "Hne Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
BS. DR. WKGEN-K TAKES LADIES BE-
tore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
"PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MBS.
X DB-FUNOKK, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI.-EASE
see MBS.DR. PUETZ and be content. 264y 3 4th.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
from whatever, cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYEK. 228 Turk st.
X, HALL. 14 AlcALLIS'i iiK hTREKT, NEAit
'Jones. "Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLM— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 wipress C, O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. , IiSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
physicians.
"P^mo^ved^drTc." c. 6 > d^nnlel_^to j ll2oB
XX Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
; ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, .1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
sewing machines.
~\ KINDS BOUGHT," SOLD, exchanged,
xi rented, repaired; lowest rates. 1:05 Fourth
— MARRIAGES —
[Birth, mnrnaeeaul death notices cent h~ mill
will not be Inserted. They mast be handed In a:
either of the publication offices and be indor.iel
with the name and residence of persons authorUdl
to have the same published. 1
' BORN.
HUGHES— In this city, June 23, 1896, to the wife
; of John P. Hughes, a daughter.
MAGGIO— In this city, June 25, 1896, to the wife
of Paul J. Maggio, a son. " .. • ,
MUNRO— In this city, June 20, 1896, to the wife of
Nathaniel Munro. a son. . .' .
WALKER— In this city. June 25, 1896, to the
: wife of Alfred G. Walker, a daughter. .
MVKKIKD. v • '
BAUER— OECHSLE— In this City, June 21. 1896,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, William F. Bauer
! and L»na B. Oechsle. ...2s3^£g_3_o!gg3@aai_B
BOHNY— DOW LING— In this city, June 21. IM9S.
■ by th« Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Albert C, Bonny of
:, San Francisco and May Dowlingof Belmont, Ca 1 .
JOHNSON— HATCH— At College' Park M. E.
r church, June 24. 1898, by the Rev. T. _. Hop-
- kins, Joseph - Newton Johnson, M. D., of « San
■ Jose and Cora M. Hatch of College Park. - . .
OLENDER— WOLGEMITH— In this city, June
• 25, IH9S, by the Key. J. Goldstein, Sam Olender
and Frances Wolgemltn. - . • ; ■ . ■
QUIST— SAHDEEN— In this city, June 24, 1898,
;: by the Rev. C. ; Hoel, Charles Quist and Maria
'-• Sandeen. : -. -.-.■--..-.
SCHWENNICKK— ZIEGENFUSS— In this city,
1 June 20. 1896. at ttie Church of tne Holy Spirit,'
by the Rev. Oliver C. Miller. Ot.o F. Scuwen-
nlcke and Emma A. Zlegeufnss.^^_^___^B
TOZER-SMALL-In this city, June 21. 1806, by
the Rev. , Father Conlan. Ralph H. Xoser and
Kittle M. small, both of cau Francisco.
WICSTPHAL— BUECHTING-111 this city. June
25, i<iii. by the Key. Paul Branke, William
W^tphal arid Klla Suechtlng. .
DIED.
Ackerman, Benjamin J. , Lunques', Frank
Bane, Mary J. McKown. Patrick J.
Borden, Mr*. Cora L. Mlngham. Rob' rt H.
Kormann, Lma L. Ntarr, Howard L.
Burbank. Appnie R. O'Brien. Catherine
Cavacagh. Ethel G. Shaughness", L. E.
Farrell, Ella A. S:ol:ier (infant)
G-z Joseph , Towle, William M. .- .
Griffin. Dennis • Volpa, Micbele -- : "
Goggln, John Walsh, James
Harris. George D. Walter. Elizabeth A.
Kauffmann, John A. Wascerwltz, Fred«ric»
Wiswell, Sarah P.
ACKERMAN— In Oakland, June 23, 1896. Benja-
min J. Ackerman. a native of New Hampshire,
aged 69 years 10 mouths and 17 days.
, -.-■ggr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv invlt&U to a tend inn funeral THIS »\.Y
(Friday), at 2 o'cifc>ck p. m., from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton sireet. corner of Geary. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
BANK— In this city, June 25. 189S, M«r<- J. Bane,
formerly of Oakland, a native of Tennessee, aged
64 rears."' - * 'v ' *:;-:*
4.3" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BORDEN-In this city. June 23, 1R95. Mrs. Cora
Lincoln Borden, a native of New Bedford, Mass.',
aged 30 years.
. a3T Friends and members of Gettysburg and
Seven Pines Circle. L. of G. A. R..are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
THIS day (Friday), at 1:80 o'clock P. m., at
the parlors of Hashed .«• Co.. 9115 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOKMANN— In this city, June 24. 18 r Lina
Louisa, only and beloved daughter ol August
and Catliarlna +'oriuatin, a native of sau Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 28 days.
£3" Friends ana -acquaintance! iir> NM)V
fully invited to attend the iuneral THIS DAY
at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the resideuce
of her parents, 407 Fifth street, thence to the
German Lutheran St. Paulus Church, Howard
street, between Tenth and Eleventh, where
funeral services will ba held, me. icing at 2
o'clock P. M. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Bl'RBANK— in this city. June 24, 1896, Apphie
1:. Burbank, a nntive of South Paris, _ c., aged
70 years, 8 months and 12 days.
aSfFn>'ii,is an 1 acq:iaiiitaiii i nr> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(snturdiy), at 1 o'clock p. m., ironi her late resi-
dence, Tomales, liar in County, (Jal.
CAVANAGH—m Oakland. Jun» 26, 1H96, Ethel
Genevieve Cavanagh, daughter of Udwnrd and
Anna Cavanagh, a native of Oakland, aged it
months and I v <iavs.
ft Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the iuneral THIS MAY
(Friday), at '£ o'clock p. m.. from th* residence
of the parents, 1403 Telegraph avenue. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
•FARRELL— In this city. June 25.1896. Ella A.,
beloved d.inahter of the la'.e T. A. and Kllen
Farrell, and sister of Maria, Charles. J. H.. T.
A.,' Frank and George Karrell and Mrs. Louis
Trautig, a native of "->n Francisco.
JSarFrleiiai mid acM'.iAlnwao"! .ir • r»^o»c.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOP.i:')\V
(Saturday), us 8:80 o'clock a. »[., from her late
residence, IG9 Perry stretf;,';h<;nce to St Hose's
Church, where" a solemn requiem . mass will
becelebraed for the repo«e of her soul.com-
. mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GF.TZ— this city, Jnn-'.'l. 1894, Joseph, beloved
lmsba"d of Hannah Gp*z. and . father of Mr%
Rube Cohen. Barry and Mose Ge: z, aged 60 years
ml 10 months.
05" Friends are respectfully Invited toattoni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
2 o'cloc: p m.. at his late res ne-ice. Ellis
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
by 3:30 o'clock p. _. train from 'i'fcirJ and Town-
send streets.
CONGREGATION SHERITM ISRAEL— The
- officers and member* of the Congregation Sh»ri b.
Israel are hereby requ* 1 ted to attend th ■ funeral
of our late m-.-mbe-, Joseph (;"t7, THIS DAY
■ (Friday), at _ o'clock p. it., fro— his late resi-
dence, 930 Ellis street. L. BROWN, Pre*
A. L. Badt. Secretary.
GOGGIN— In Angels Camp, Calavena County.
. June 23, 1896. John Goggtn, uncle of John and
Cornelius Manning, a native of Mac room. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 43 years.
*s?"FrieDds and acquaintances are rein»C'.-
fnily Invited to attend toe funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor <S Co., 707 MiB3lor» street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, Fremont and
Harrison streets, where a requiem high mass
will he celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
F. of A.— officers and members of Court Inter
Nos No. 18. F. of A., are requested to assemble
THIS DAY (Friday). a? 8:30 A. m., at the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, John Goggin. * -
J. B. FLEMING, C. B.
P. F. McCabtht, Rec. Sec.
GRIFFIN— In this city, June 24,1896, Dennis,
beloved husband of Margaret (>riiliti, father of
Eileen Griflin and brother of Mr* 3larget Grif-
fin, Ellen. James and John Griffin, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, avred 29 yeara. [Ho.-
yoke. (Msss. 'f papers please copy.
tf3~ Friends and acquaintances ■ ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the tuner tl THIS D\f<
(Friday). Nt 10:30 o'clock A. M., from toe parlors
of James McMenomey _ son, 1057 Mission St.,
thence to ; St. Joseph's c.iurch for services. In-
terment in Hoiy Cross Cemetery. .
HARRIS— in this city. June 25, 1896. George D..
beloved husband of Grace Harris, and youngest
son of George P. and Martha Harris, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 31 years 8 months and 7 days.
KaUFFM AKN-In this city. June 25, 1896, John
. A. Kauffmann, beloved son of Sebastiai and
Mary Kauffnaann, and brother of Annie, Sebas-
tian and Mary Josephine KaufFniftnn, a native of
San Francisco, Cal., a.'t'd 14 years and 1 day.
_S"Frlend3 and ocqualntance< ar> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at V : 80 o'clock a. m. from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1414 Alabama street,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army street,-
between Sbotwell .and Foisom, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUNQUEST— In the City and County Hospital,
. June 25, 1893. Frank Lunquest. aged 57 year
McKOWN— In this city, June 23, 1896, Patrick J.,
beloved husband of Catherine McKoAn, a na-
tive of County Armagh, Ireland, ago 1 ! 38 years.
Friends and acquaintances are r«snp-. ..
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros , 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
' requiem mass will be celebrated for the repoaa
01 his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,•>--'-■
MINGHAM— In this city. June 25. 1698. Robert
H., beloved husband of Mary Mingham, father of
Carrie. Ella, Maria. Robert, Charley, Frank; and
Joseph Minghaui. ion of Mrs. Maria Sherman,
and son-in-law of Mrs. Catherine Clements, a na-
tive of New York City. ast«d 46 years.
JO"Notice of funeral hereafter.
NEARY — In this city, June 25, 1805, Howard L..
I beloved and only child of John and Asnei Neary,
a native of San Francisco, a_ed 2 years and 6
months.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 25, 1896, Catherine,
beloved wife of Charles, »nd mother of John J.,
: Katie. Frank, Joseph. Annie. Ray. Mamie and
Charles O'Brien, a native cf Dublin, Ire. and, aged
62 yeas.
BHAUGHNESSY— In this city. Jane 25. 1898,
Loretta E., beloved daughter of • Michael F. and
Mary Shaughnessy, a native of O^kiand, aged 5
years 7 months and 20 days.
STEINER— In this city. June 25, .896, , infant
son of E. Stelner. aged 12 days. .a. V;:----
TOWLE— In Oakland. June 22, 1895. William M.
Towle, a nstive of Main*-, aged 69 years.
ayFriends and acquaintances *ra re*O9S»-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY i (Friday), at 2 o'clock P. m., at
the parlor* of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth
: street, Oakland. Interment private.
VOLPA— In the City and County Hospital. Jane'
'25,1893, Mlchele Volpa, aged 45 years. ■
WALSH— In this city. June 24, 1896. entered into
rest, James, only beloved son of Mary and the
la'e Thomas Walsh and brother of Nelly Walsh,
a native of Brooklyn. N. Y. ; ' ■
jJEJ-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS OAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from • his late
residence, 138 Eighth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9a. it. Interment Holy -. Cross
Cemetery.' .
WALTER— In this city, June . 25, 1896, Elizabeth
- A., beloved daughter of Jacob and Elizabeth
- Walter, and sister of Willie. Annie and Emtlle
Walter; a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
and 3 months, i *
aar Friends and acquaintances are ro*D»av
fully invited to attend the funer.it TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her parents, 1317 Natoma street, between
■ Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .. . .■•■.'. ,.■•■.'
WASCERWITZ— In this city, June 25, 1896,
Frederica, beloved wife of Gustave, and mother
of H. Morris and N. Benjamin Wascerwitz, Mrs.
Fannie Kingolsky. Mrs. Sallna Sapiro and Mrs.
Amelia Levy, a native of Poland, aged 64 years.
IKS" Friend's ana acquaintance* are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from her late resi-
dence, 3 Clarence court, off Buchanan street,
between Geary and " O'FarrelL Interment New
• Salem Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
WISWELL— In this city, June 24, 1898. Sirah P.
Wisweli, mother of , J. A. and E. S. Wisweli,
a native of Maine, aged 75 years 7 month* and
! 18 days.- [Maine papers please copy.J
Friends and acqualntancei ar* r<Mn»r-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday),' at 1 o'clock p." v.. from the chapel ■
j of the Golden Gate -Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street. -'.•■-.■-•>- - - -■....
"j McAVOY A CALLACHER, I
] FUNFRAL DIftECTORS & EMBAI.Mi
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
, - Telephone 3080. ■ . I
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WKST
J. Knights of Pythias, Improved- Order Red Men,'
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San ' Mateo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. is no sense exclusive:
PERFECT TITLE GUARANTEED; location UUeX-
celled. 3^*p_H«Sß«<« «A{!Pmiß^_»_Qis^g^
Please call at office. 997 Market St., before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
1516
FIXING UP A FINISH FIGHT.
A Corbett=sharkey Battle
for $10,000 a Side to
Be Settled To=day.
SHARKEY THREATENS TO WHIP
CORBETT ON THE STREET.
The Champion Tells How It Hap=
pened==Denial of a Story That
the Fight Was Fixed.
The name Sharkey was uttered by thou
sands of tongues yesterday. He, the man
who really bested Corbett, the world's
champion pugilist, in four rounds, was
the hero of the hour. His star is now in
the zenith.
He appeared at the Palace Hotel last
night and was followed by a crowd as full
of mute admiration as any that ever fol
lowed Corbett.
The public opinion around town yester
day was that Sbarkey ought to have had a
decision the night before and that he had
the best of the fight. This the champion
himself, especially the part of it exclusive
of the decision, practically admits. He
admits that shrimp salad and French din
ners are no menu for a prize-figiiter in
training.
Such is the state of admiration around
town for the sailor lad that he can get all
the money he wants to back him in any
kind of a cont est with Corbett. There is
a quartermaster in that part of the Pa
cigc squadron of the United States navy
now down at Santa Cruz who wants to
put up $10,000 on him.
The story cropped out yesterday that
the whole battle was a "fake" fixed up as
a necessary prelude to an Eastern sparring
tour of the principals. This Sharkey ve
hemently denied in an interview, and if
he can't get another fight with Corbett ne
threatens to lick him on the street
James J. Corbett and Dan Lynch, repre
senting Thomas Sharkey, met yesterday
and neid two conferences in regard to
having a finish nght between the princi
pals.
They arranged to meet at noon to-day
to come to a final agreement, sign articles
and post $2500 forfeit for a fight to a finish
for $10,000 a side and the largest purse
offered.
It is proposed to fight in Mexico or any
where else except Soutn Africa inside of
six months, Marquis of Queensbery rules
to govern.
FOR A FINISH FIGHT.
Principals and Backers Will Meet
To-Day to Arrange One for
$10,000 a Side.
When at the close of the contest in the
Pavilion Corbett congratulated Sharkey
on his excellent wrestling qualities this
additional conversation took place be
tween them:
"I'm just as good a fiehter as you are
and I can whip you," said Sharkey.
"You can't in 100 years," was Corbett's
reply.
"I can whip you in a finish fight for
$10,000," added Sharkey.
Tben Corbett drew nearer. Raising tbe
index finger of his right hand to em
phasize his words he said:
"Remember, now, Sharkey; don't. say
what you don't mean. If you'll put up a
side bet of $10,000 I'll erive you a chance
for a finish fight with me. But you'll
have to put up the dough or it don't go."
In no way abashed Sharkey retorted:
"I'll put it up all right if you will. I'll
see you to-morrow."
Well, Sharkey did not see Corbett, yes
terday, but hiß representative, Danny
Lynch, did. It was just the same and
perhaps better as business more than
reminiscences was tai'red of and settled.
Lynch first saw Corbett at the St. Nicho
las Hotel in tbe morning and they decided
to meet in the afternoon at 4 o'clock at
Harry Corbett's place on Ellis street to
arrange for the prospective match.
It was subsequently decided that a more
retiree* place would afford beiter facilities
for uninterrupted conversation and the
hotel was again sought.
Corbett and Lynch, a dozen friends and
the newspaper men were present at the
conference.
"I understand Sharkey wants to fight
me to a finish; is that so!" asked the
champion.
"That is right," answered Lynch. "I
NEW TO-DAY.
V« Jamaica
Ginger
' f A bottle \
/ at hand and \
V a dose in I]
\. time J/
has saved thousands of people
from thousands of "sick-spells."
This preparation is no secret.
It is to-day what it was 75 years
ago the best preparation of gin-
ger it is possible for man to
make. It is made by the
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
Ask for It at your druggists. Remember
the rale— A bottle at hand and a dose
in time.
am here to speak in behalf of Sharkey and
to arrange for a finish fight with ybu for
$5000 a side if you care to meet him."
"1 want to mpet him, all right," said
Corbett, "but he'll have to put up more
money than that. He will have to put up
$10,000. If Sharkey don't want that I will
post $10,000 and challenge any man in the
world. I had to do that when I challenged
Su'.livan and I don't see why Sharkey
should not do so with me."
Lynch was not long in deciding, but he
preceded his decision with an inquiry that
indicated his disbelief in Corbett's sin
cerity.
"Now, Corbett," he said, "do you really
mean you'll fight Sharkey for' $10,000 a
side?"
"I do," the champion replied.
"Well, how mucn forfeit do you want
down? Will $1000 do, or do you want
more?"
"My experience with Fitzsimmons has
made me dead careful. I want a good,
heavy forfeit deposited right from the
jump."
"You needn't be afraid," put in Lynch.
"This won't be a case of Fitzsimmons.
Sharkey isn't afraid of you; he demon
strated that last night."
"How?" asked Corbett.
"By fighting you for four rounds."
"Yes, how did he fight me? He threw
me down, bounced me about the ring and
wrestled both the referee and me to the
floor."
Lynch was anxious to get further into
business and he interrupted the cham
pion's train of argument.
"Now, I'll tell you," he broke in. "I'll"
make this match with you for $10,000 "
Before he could proceed any further
Corbett interrupted:
"Here," he said, "I want to know if it
is true that Sharkey said what was pub
lished in the morning papers, that I
I clinched as much as he did."
''I don't know what he said to the news
paper men; but to be candid with you I
will say that he told me you fought —
foul," stated Lynch.
"I'd like to ask that of Sharkev him
self," Corbett rejoined, "because I want to
know."
"What difference could his answer
make?" asked Lynch. "Would it inter
fere in any way with the signing of arti- j
cles in this case?"
"Yes, it would. If he said that, we'll
sign articles barring clinching. We'll
break when ordered ~by the referee, and
the man who don't do it will lose the
fight."
"All right, are you ready for the match?
Sharkey is."
"Yes, I'll bet $10,000," said Corbett, "I
can beat him in any kind of a match. We
will tight for the largest purse to be ob
tained in America or Mexico, but I bar
Johannesburg. 1 don't want any South
Africa in mine. You can rest assured I'll
be ready to fight under the management
that will offer us the most money. Sharkey
can leave his interests with me in that
respect."
"That's all right, Mr. Corbett," aaid
Lynch. "We must now agree upon a tem
porary stakeholder. As a matter of fact, I
am even willing to have the permanent
stakeholder selected here. I will agree to
put up not over $2500 immediately upon
signing the articles of agreement, $2500
more later on, and eventually the remain
ing $5000. This being settled, when do
youpropose the fight shall come off?"
"Within six months. It will take a
month anyhow before we get an offer of a
good parse. Leave that to me," said Cor
bett with a knowing smile. "I know where
I can get a good purse. But I want it
understood that we are to fight Marquis
of Queensberry rules, not the rules ob
served last night."
"Never mind that, Mr. Corbett," said
Lynch. "I will say right here that I don't
want anything but what is sauare and
fair. You will find no trouble either with
Sharkey or with me. Just as I do in a
horserace I will do in this, the judge's
decision to be final."
"As I am liable to be clear across the
country in a short time I want all details
for this affair settled and well understood
now." said the champion.
"That is exactly the thing," came from
Lynch. "I want the articles signed before
you leave. We must make the original
deposit as a forfeit with a temporary
stakeholder, and as I know a lot of good
people East that you also know I think it
won't be hard for us to settle on the final
stakeholder there if you do not want to
name one here."
Corbett could think of nothing else. It
was decided that each side would pro
duce articles of agreement to-day at noon,
discuss matters and try to agree'
"I want to tell you something, Lynch,"
Corbett said in the way of opening up
more discussion. "I made arrangements
for a light with Fitzsimmons, and then all
his money was attached. I don't think
the same will be the case with you. I want
it understood that I am not going to be a
fool again and leave $10,000 tiea up for a
year like I have done. I will not wait a
minute after the time the deposits are to
be made, but will claim forfeits when they
are due. Another thing >s tbat, regt»rd
less of what anybody says, this fight will
be for the stakes, purse and champion
ship of the World. lam still the cham
pion, technically and actually. I have
had a deposit of $1000 for six "months in
Chicago to fight Fitzsimmons and he has
refused to cover it."
"Dont be afraid on the money end of
this, Mr. Corbett," said Lynch. "Sharkey
has $5000 of his own money to go up on
this fight, and outside of that 1 will see
that the $10,000 :s there. I don't suppose
you care whose money you are fighting
against.
"No, that is all right," said Corbett.
"But I'll tell you something else I've just
thought of. Sbarkey must not fight any
body else, or enter into a limit d contest
between now and the date of our meeting."
"Will you bind yourself in the same
way?" asked Lynch.
"No; why should I? I am chan«pion
and have a right to do as I please. But I
don't think you quite understand me. I
mean that if he enters into a contest be
tween now and the lime of his fight with
me, and vets defeated, the whole thing is
off. I don't think, however, that he will
be so foolish, for he can make a heap more
money showing now, after the reputation
I have given him, than he could make
fighting and taking chances."
Lynch agreed with the champion, and
they parted each assuring the other of his
intention of signing articles of agreement
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 26, i»y<s.
and having $2500 to deposit as a forfeit at
noon to-day.
Sharkey already has an invitation to try
to become an actor. He will make his
dramatic debut at the Alcazar Theater
this evening, in a set-to with Danny
Needhain in "The Cross-Roads of Life,"
and will appear also Saturday and Sunday
evenings.
HOW IT HAPPENED.
Corbett Says His Neck Was Full of
Shrimp Salad and His
Stomach Sick.
A couple of slignt abrasions of the face,
a lacerated ri^bt knee and a contusion of
the right hip are the outward evidences of
James J. Corbett's meeting with Thomas
S bar key-
Away down deep, however, somewhere
under the left side of his vest, there is ah
awful sore. It is, of course, less physical
than sentimental, but it hurts and hurts
dreadfully.
Corbett remained in his rooms at the
St. Nicholas Hotel all of yesterday, where
many of his disappointed friends called
upon him to learn how it was he had not
annihiliated the obscure sailor lad.
"I fought like a Chinaman," the cham
pion declared, "and I have come to the
conclusion that a man can't train on
French dinners when he's going to fight.
•'Do you know what was ihe matter
with me? I just simply underestimated
the man I was going to meet. I want to
give him all the credit due him; don't for
get that. He is a wonderfully powerful
man, and can stand more than any one 1
ever saw. He is game all through, but he
is the foulest fighter that ever stepped into
the ring.
"tie disregarded all the rules under
which we were supposed to be fighting,
and he bounced me about the ring givine
me hiplocks and throwing me around as
if he had a hold of a brawling sailor in a
barroom fieht.
•'As i told you, I was not in condition
to meet such a powerful man, so as to stop
him in four rounds. I was carried away
with the fact tbat I had a California
audience about me, hundreds being my
own person&l friends. My father ami
brother Harry were right back of me, and
I wanted to show myself to good ad
vantage. I believed I could go at almost
any pait and stand four rounds of it, but I
found I was mistaken.
"In the first two rounds Sharkey kept his
head covered by his right forearm, and
swung his left, sawing the air. I should
have allowed him to keep doing this until
he changed his tactics. At all events, 1
never should have punched him while he
was so protected. But I wanted to spurt,
as I said before, and the pace told on me.
"When I went to my corner after the
second round, I told Delaney. 'Billy, I feel
that last shrimp salad up in my neck. My
stomach is going back on me.'
"In the fourth round, when Sharkey
fired me over his hip and knocked down
the referee, who f«ll on my chest, Carr
said distinctly, 'I give this fight to Corbett
on a foul.' l'then turned toward Delaney
for him to net ud on the platform and
claim the fi^ht. When Delaney tried to
jump up, Captain Wittman grabbed and
pulled him back.
"Maybe you don't think that fall I got,
with the referee landing on my stomach,
was a dandy. It just simply knocked the
starch out of me. It would have done as
much to any man, let alone one with au
already nauseated stomach.
"But, as I told Shaxkey, he is no fighter,
and I am ready and anxious to go him
again four, six, eieht or ten rounds, or to
a finish, for $10,000 a side.
"The next time I meet Sharkey it will
be a different thing entirely. I know my
man now, and I won't monkey with him.
He is good enough for me or anybody else
to train for properly.
"My financial end of the business
was all right. I got my 60 per cent,
amounting to exactly $7063," concluded
the champion.
WILL LICK HIM SURE.
Sharkey Says What He Will Do to
Corbett to Please the
Public.
Thomas Sharkey, the hero of the hour,
spent some of his time and hard-earned
coin last evening leaning over the Palace
Hotel bar.
At best the now famous sailor lad is not
handsome. But, with a right eye made
black and blue by Corbett's punches, a
few abrasitfns on the forehead and cheeks,
also a swollen red nose, he was in ill keep
ing with the rich and tasty surroundings.
Sbarkey was not drinking. He never
drinks as drinking is usually understood.
He might take a small glass of beer,
which would drive an ordinary seaman
crazy for more, but he never touches hard
liquor. He was smoking a large dgar
with evident delight and was entertaining
an admiring throng.
Sharkey is not one of those fighters who
are full of mystery. He has no "Coups de
Jarnac" is reserve, and he is as free as
the air with all he knows and feels.
He rehearsed, his battle with Corbett all
over again for his friends, and also told
them what he expected to do with the
champion when they next meet in the
ring.
Incidentally Sharkev displayed his high
regard for the dear public.
"They are my friends," he said. "They
showed it last night. Everybody knows I
can whip Corbett, and he knows it, too.
"I am trying to make a tinisn-fight agree
ment with him, and you caniuet bet tnat I
will fetch it on. There will be no monkey
j work with me like there was with Fitz
simmons.
"If Corbett tries it with me I'll meet
him on the street and lick him anyhow
just to please the public."
"ALL CUT AND DRIED."
The Coming: Match Said to Be a
Purely Advertising Scheme
for Both.
There is an ugly feature cropping up in
this whole Corbett-Sharkey matter.
Whether right or wrong, it is spoken of
in whispers among that inner clique con
sisting mainly of betting men, bookmak
ers and the like.
They are the very men who are likely to
know of crooked work being done, but, on
the other hand, they are the ones best cal
culated to spread damaging rumors for
motives of their own.
"This match Corbett and Sharkey are
trying to make Is a cooked-up job," was
the expression of belief volant eered to a
Call reporter yesterday.
The speaker said the same thing in re
gard to the matter the day previous a few
hours before the Corbett-Sharkey light
took place.
The statement he made then was that
Sharkey would make a great showing, and
with the reputation he would gain by
standing Corbett off, the latter and he
could make capital galore in the future.
"1 have seen their : contract," was as
serted in a most-positive way. "They
signed it a day or two ago, and it calls for
their going on a tour as sparring partners,
or in working up a big purse for a fight to
a finish."
It is certain that matters have turned
out in such a way as to give color to the
statement. •
In speaking on the subject, however,
Sharkey yesterday said:
"That is not true. There's nothing in
it. I never made any such agreement, and
I have no contract in my pocket or posses
sion. If there is any such" arrangement it
has yet to be made. I'd rather meet Cor
bett in a fight to a finish than tour the
country with him.
■■..■; .-, ■ — _ —^ '
SHARKEY INCENSED.
He Is Extremely Anxious to Have
Another Go With Cot bett to
a Finish.
"Yes," remarked Sharkey emphatically,
"I want a rest now worse than anything
else, and then I intend to get a finish
fight with Corbett, if I can. I will fight
him or Fitzsimmona, or any one else in
in the ring today, as soon as I get a little
rest.
"You want to remember that I have
had no rest for nearly three years, simply
because I have met all comers. I am
tired of training all the time. After a
couple of months I will fight any of them,
outside of a nigger. Don't want any
'colored' gentlemen in mine," he con
cluded.
Sharkey was asked how much he would
make out of this fight. He said he was
unable to tell, as all that business was
left to his backer. The amount is com
monly supposed to approximate $3000.
On being asked if he got in any telling
blows on Corbett his countenance lighted
up with a grim smile.
"Well, you can just gamble I did,'* he
replied. "I gave him more than he gave
me."
"What was the hardest blow you struck
Corbett during the fight?"
"The time I knocked him over against
the ropes was about the hardest thump, I
think. Then I gave him a pretty stiff
punch in the jaw— the time he fell. That
was a peach."
"Did Corbett come up to your expecta
tions in the fight?"
"Oh, yes; he was fully as scientific as I
expected him to be. But, then, you
know," he added, with an injured air,
"the public is inclined to give me no
credit for being clever myself at all. Hang
it, I have as much science as any of them.
Haven't I fought the most scientific men
in the world, among them being Choynski
and Greggains? And now oughtn't my
showing with Corbett to convince them
tbat I am no slouch?
"You can just bet," he went on, "that
there are no flies on Tnomas Sharkey, if
he does say it himself. Corbett didn't hit
me in the mouth once, while I banged
him there three times, one after the other.
"The only blows he hit me were after
the breakaways. I promised, at his re
quest, to break like a gentleman, and stuck
to the promise. I always fight fair — for
instance, the way I fought Williams. Cor
bett said, 'Break away nice, now,' and the
first time we broke be landed on my eye.
"Well, just wait until I get another
chance at him — say in a finish contest or
anything over ten rounds — and then "
The sailor lad paused with lowering brow
and set lips in ominous silence. "Woe be
unto Corbett next time we meet," is what
the expression said more plainly ihan
words.
"Now Fitzsimmont is in England and
Corbett signifies his intention of going
there to meet him. I guess I can give him
all the fun he wants for awhile on this
side. There is just one more thing I want
to say here, and that is: Of all the foul
fighters under the sun Corbett stands un
rivaled. If we ever meet again I will do
him up."
IN A BATH ROBE.
Sharkey Receives Visitors Notwith
standing: a Red and Black
Eye.
The sailor lad received scores of visit
ors yesterday in a bathing robe. He
was taking a post-graduate course of
sweats and various batns and lone inter
missions of rest at the Hammam. Per
sons who want to see Sharkey now must
send in their cards or their names. Before
the battle he was open to all, but is a little
more exclusive now.
But this does not mean that tbe sailor
lad's hat is getting too small for him. He
is just as reserved as ever in his manner,
but he is now inclined to do a little more
talking. He has met th? champion and
found that, he is not such a great man as
he thought. Consequently he feels more
self-confidence and more like asserting
himself.
Sharkey has a bad right eye from the
jab that Corbett gave him in "one of the
breakaways. The leeches, put on the night
before, did not bring ail the relief ex
pected, and yesterday the color of the
injured optic was deeper. But pugilists
do not mind a black eye, especially after a
well-fought battle, ana that is not the
reason that he is staving indoors. He is
simply resting, and when he gets ready he
will walk out before the world, perhaps
to-day. Considering the circumstances,
this is a case where a black eye is not a
source of humiliation, but perhaps an
honor.
WON'T FIGHT MAHER YET.
Sharkey Says Corbett Promised
Him Money If He Would
Quit.
At the baths yesterday Sharkey told a
remarkable story of the champion be
seeching him during the fight to quit and
promising him a consideration if he would
doit.
Ho said that in the last round Corbett in
a clinch said to him, "Quit, Tom, quit,
and I will make it all right for you."
"This made me hot," said the sailor
lad, "and 1 fougnt all the more savagely.
Corbett was dead tired and I could not
shake him off. He held his left arm
around my neck and I was powerless to
do anything, as I could not get away from
him. FinaUy I did manage to break
away, and as I turned to smash htm in the
face he grabbed m« again around the neck
and tried to choke me. This is what ne
calls fair lighting.
"Well, I went at him again and we
clinched. He then turned to the referee
and said: 'Announce me the winner.
Sharkey has quit.' Tben I was wild, and
as the referee got between us I pitched
both of them to the floor.
"Corbett's next trick to save his wind
and himself was to beckon the police to
come into the ring, which they did. If he
had done the same kind of fighting that I
did tbe referee would have given him the
match, and that's all there is to it.
"I was informed last night tbat Corbstt
fainted in the carriage while being driven
from tbe pavilion to bis hotel," be con
cluded.
Sharkey stated that he would fight Cor
bett again, but not till he takes a rest of
two months at some spring in Colorado.
This rest he wants before he puts on the
gloves again with anybody.
Sharkey will not give any attention to
Peter Maher's challenge, as be wants a
rest after having so many fights.
A NEWSPAPER FIGHTER.
What "Denver" Ed S mlth Calls Cor
bett, Talking by Wire From
New York.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 25.— 1n an in
terview wfth a representative of tbe
United Press to-night "Denver" Ed Smith,
speakin g of the Corbett-Sharkey tight last
night said :
"I knew Corbett was overrated. He is
only a newspaper fighter. I have been
after him for years, but he has offered all
kinds of excuses, saying, among other
things, that 1 am a second-rater.
"Corbett's class must now be a tenth-rater
if I am a second-rater," he said, "when he
could not lick a novice like Sharkey. If
Corbett don't cover my money and will
make a match with Sharkey it shows be is
afraid to fight me; and should they fight
they cannot fight for the championship
unless they meet me, as ray money is up,
and under* the rules of the ring I am the
only champion pugilist in the world.
"I will meet Corbett at any time or in
any place, and will fight him with bare
knuckles or gloves," said "Denver" Ed.
"Now, if he is a man and not a coward
let him show tbe public that he will fight,
and I will guarantee to punch his big head
off. I would also like to have a few rounds
with Tom Sharkey, either in the Madison
square Garden or California, to show the
admirers of boxing that I am a better man
than Corbett."
Smith is backed by Hildebrandt and has
51000 posted at the "Police Gazette office to
h'cht Corbeit for the championship of the
world, under the recognized champion
London prize-ring rules with bare
knuckles. Corbett as yet has not covered
this money.
... .... ■ ; . ♦' . ,-;.., ..'
THE BATTLE REVIEWED.
Said to Have Been Lucky for Cor- j
bett That It Was Not a Six-
Round Go.
Now tbat the smoke of the Corbett-
Sharkey battle has cleared away some of
its points of attack and rally can be more
clearly seen.
It was a proud smile that "the unde
feated champion of the world," as Billy
Jordan announced him, wore when he |
stood up before the new Sullivan at the |
beginning of the first round. The smile I
was there still at the opening of the second
and when the gong sounded for the third,
but by the end of that round it had lost all j
of its condescension, and in the fourth it
had entirely vanished. Even before the
third round Corbett had discovered that he
had all the hard work he wanted and that 1
Sharkey was not only setting the pace but j
cutting out the shape of the cloth. He
whimpered to his seconds tnat it was roast
beef and hominy instead of a French dinner
menu that was being served and that the j
bill of fare was unexpected.
Close observers and many old-time pa
trons of the ring thought they observed
signs of "grogginess" in Sharkey as he
walked to his corner at the end of the sec
ond round. His right eye, where Corbett
uppercut him in the first round, had
swelled up and be seemed a little bit dazed.
Up to the beginning of the third round
Corbett clearly had the best of it. His !
vastly superior science and generalship j
was apparent to the most inexperienced ob
server.
But at the end of the second round the
champion's trolley was off. He was out
of wind, and it could be discerned that he
was rapidly losing breath and strength,
though he tried to smile and hide it and
deceive the spectators. Sharkey made the
pace too hot.and from that time on Corbett
was really on the defensive and using the
best tactics at his command to prevent be
ing knocked out.
The programme had suddenly changed.
It was Sharkey stopping the world's cham
pion in four rounds instead of Corbett put
ting out the sailor lad at any stage of the
contest.
The champion had made a mistake.
His superior sparring ability rose above
Sharkey as an elephant towers above a
mouse, but his staying qualities, his ener
gy, were soon gone and then lie began to
devote himself to his own salvation.
It was plain to all that had the fight
continued but two more rounds, and prob- 1
ably only one, that the champion would
have been prostrate and Sharkey would
have been his conquerer.
The mistake that Corbett made was in
making so little preparation for the battle.
He underestimated his opponent and i
trained for only an easy four-round con- j
test where he would have it entirely his j
own way. As a matter of fact Sharkey had !
the best of the battle.
Notwithstanding his virtual defeat last
night the judgment of the best sporting
men around town is that with proper
training for a finish fight Corbett would
win out, though Sharkey would have a
chance and give him as much work as he
would want, Marquis of Queensberry rules.
But at London prize-ring rules, where
wrestling goes, Corbett would imet his
Sharkey just as Sullivan met his Corbett
at New Orleans.
In an inteiview with Sharkey yesterday
afternoon as to whether he was dazed at
the end of the second round, he said :
"Not for a second ! I was not 'groggy.'
I would not have got the blows I did had
not Corbett uppercut me in the break
away. Outside of that he never landed on
me so that it affected me a bit. I'll fight
him to a finish right now."
RULES NOT VIOLATED.
Marquis of Queensbery Rules Say
Nothing: About Blows In the
Breaking: Away.
There is a widespread opinion that Cor
bett struck Sharkey foully when they were
breaking away, and at the ringside he was
hissed by many for these blows.
The fight was under Marquis of Queens
bery rules.
There is no reference whatever in these
rules to clinching or hitting when clinched.
Then as a matter of fact Corbett did not
violate tne rules in upper-cutting Sharkey
while they clinched or in breaking away.
Sharkey, however, claims that he agreed
with him to "break away nice." While
this personal agreement, may have been
violated there w»s no infraction of the
rules by either man. .
PARSON DAVIES' OFFER.
Posts a Forfeit for a Match Be
tween Choynskl and Sharkey
or Corbett.
CHICAGO, 111,, June 25.— "Parson"
Davies. manager for Joe Choynski, has
posted a forfeit for a match with Tom
Sharkey, who gave such a good account
of himself in his bout with Corbett last
night.
Following is a copy of the challenge ia
sued on behalf of Choynski. It is ad
dressed to the sporting editor of a San
Francisco paper:
ItearSir: I have deposited $1000 with Will
J. Davis, manager of the Columbia and Hay
market theaters, this city, in support of the
following offer to Tom Sharkey, who has just
made such a splendid showing with James J.
Corbett in your city :
I will match Joe Choynski against Pharkey
for a finish contest, Qneeusbury rules, for a
side wager of $5000, at any reasonable time
after siguing articles. In the event of tbe con
test taking pla<;e in or near your City I will
transfer my money to your paper, which, I
trust, will act as financial stakeholder.
In the event of such Sharfcey not desiring to
engage in a finish contest with Choynski, I am
prepared to make a match of eight rounds,
Choynski o attempt to stop him, under the
same conditions which governed their former
contest.
The marine champion failing to accept either
of ihe above offers, the following proposition
is made to James J. Corbett: Joe Choynski will
box him eight rounds. Should Corbett stop
Joe. he is to take the entire gate receipts.
Falling to do so, he is to forfeit the same.
As Choynski's showing with Sharkey was far
superior to Corbett's, and as Sharkey publicly
stated that Joe was the greatest fighter he had
ever met, this should prove a good contest.
I trust I will receive an immediate answer to
the above, as I am arranging matches between
Dan Creedon and Peter Maher with Joe. The
above propositions, however, hold good Irre
spective of the results of the contests with
Maher and Creedon. Yours sincerely,
Chari.es D. Davies.
WILL BACK SHARKEY.
The Flagship Philadelphia's Quar
termaster Has $10,000 to Bet
Against Corbattor Fltz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 25.— Pan!
Hermann, quartermaster of the flagship
Philadelphia, stated here to-day that h<
would back Sharkey with $10,000 for a fin
ish fight with Corbett or Fitzsimmons.
Hermann expressd satisfaction with
Sharkey's work in his four-round bout
with Corbett and said he was confident
that Sharkey would have knocKed the
champion out if tbe police had not inter
fered.
His enthusiasm or his knowledge of
Sharkey, who owes his success :o the
quartermaster, leads him *o openly assert
his belief that there is not a man in the
world who can best the sailor boy in a
fight to a finish.
What the Fighters Made.
The net receipts of the battle were over
$13,000. Corbett'B share is about $7000,
and Sharkey gets about $2500. If tbe
fight had been to a finish the chances arc
that the division of the receipts would
have shifted ends.
Frequent vigorous rubbing of the hands
will promote the circulation and keep the
skin in good condition. Care should be
taicen of the nails, too — they should be
soaked in hot water occasionally and kept
neatly trimmed.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOOD^^j^^^
HALE BROS.,
INCORPORATED.
************* •***•*••••••*••* •••••*♦•* •••••***••
)° °\
NOTIONS. I P£>.. : ! ; CLOAKS.
— E I-* \ 2
Special prices for to- C I ■— -^ 3 Such Cloak-selling as
day and Saturday. Look g f*~^ « we're doing has seldom
to your Sunday needs, P> ■ 1 3 been seen in this ♦•neck-
Remnants by the bushel v . § 3 o'-the-woods." Mad to
in this department. &? r*"V S~l 3 buy in big lots to get
- ' " ? >o o< such values as these.
£ t^ /[ 3
We place on sale this morning £■ ■ I 3
special lines of FANCY MESH J° I I 3 „„ „,»
VEILING. Afuliassorrmentof >° I .IF °< 25 LADIES' BLACK AND
colors and a large variety of de- Jo •■» Z. °> BH X SERGE SUITS,
signs. Values will be better than Jo r*| E <=< double-breasted loose front,
ever. Jo V. f « 3 A mU lined, skirt lined with
Jo B o{ • rustle percallne and bound
U \^ I o< with velvet, sizes r!4 to 42.
____ jo g^ :** I 3 A bargain xt . $16 60. Our
C I^^^^^: •■ 3 price to c105e...... ..... .........
We place on sate this morning U /m>\ c< tJpj.<i»\/l/«
4-BUTTON KID GLUVIiS, U If \\ 3
Derby stitched back, large £ / V ' «
buttons to match, colors tans." C / % 3 ' - -',->»• At
and EngJish reds, sizes C 1,4 to E / ' 1 3
C Z/^^^V» 3 40 LADIES' BLACK SKP-'
C 3 AKATK SKIKTS. figured
/jO/» P.iii> tort PI 3 alpara. 5 yards wide, lined
tfc«/U Xctll» C **^ I 3 thro-.iEhout. bo'ind with vel-
P I 3 vet - Value $1 50. Price to
g 2 c105e........
— I r^s, I $3.00.
P LI 3
EI I 3
On special SaIe— LADIES* C L_ _«J D
" %ss£<[ O METAL BUCKLE g *••- 1 r^ 3 35 LADIES" TAN JACKETS.
BELTS, 2 inches wide, r gu- £* II 3 strictly up to date and very
lar 15c and 25c. Special P 13 nobby. imagine a $10 Jacket
g II 2 -and you have It Our price is
5c Each. I J^-n | $5.00.
*•♦•****•••*••*•• E V is *****************
5 ISll. "1; i TO-DAY I ir : iiiiii
«:j 4 "- !n a?kS2^ tlw !-« ? IN ALL 3 «-i Fo ;as pr 6 o y'c 2 y»rd! b 'i-«'
*3"i Special :.» g 9 " "■"■■ -3 *3" : special :_^
«-!....7°. y/lF?d :...> \ DEPART- a «-L.^.. Y^?.?;....i-»
ik'ki'iii' \ MENTS. a "iiiVVV
.^*. !^ *< »« jo 111 Li 1 1 | \ju O\- w ** W w
REMNANTS TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
A big sale of Remnants in every department for to-day and Saturday. Bargains in
all lines if the lengths suit your purpose. Call early.
*•••***•***•*¥*****♦* ****** ♦♦***♦* *¥*••*•*•••***
HALE BROS.,
INCORPORATED,
937» 939* 94»» 943» 945 Market St.
PIONEERS' NEW YACHT.
She Will Sail Under the Club's
Colors in All Re
gattas.
Handsome Acquisition to the Pleasure
Ciaft of the Bay Built by
Julius Heiming.
The Pioneer Yacht Club, formerly the
Bilge-water Yacht Club of this City, has
just added another yacht to its already
large fleet of white-winged flyers, and it
will not be long before the Pioneer Club will
ha\e the largest fleet of any yacht club on
the bay.
At present over twenty-five yachts, rang
ing from 20- foot plunrers to 45-foot sloops
and comprising some of the fast st yachts
on the bay, notably the Magic, Volunteer,
Sam Vincent, Mary and Ariadne, are
among the present fleet, and before long
several new ones will be added, as several
yachts are now being built along the shores
of the southern end of tbe harbor, the
ownerß of which are members of the
Pioneer Club.
The latest addition to the club's squad
ron is the magnificent new yacht Elthe,
owned and built by Julius Henniug, a
young yacht builder of local fame.
She is m odeled after the new yacht Sam
Vincen t, which wag recently launched ou
Long Bridge, is 28 feet long, 11 foot beam
and 3 feet 2 inches deep.
She whs built on what is known as the
"old hulk," a steamer long past its days of
usefulness and now used as a boat build
ing and repairing shop oif the Arctic Oil
Works.
Mr. Henning at first contemplated mak
ing the boat after the Eastern models,
with cutaway bows and a fin keel, but
after noticing the work of several of this
style of yachts here he concluded that
straight bows and a full stern were prefer
able to the other style. He says that it
will be conducive of just as much speed.
He is ready and eager to try conclusions
with any of these cutaway bowed and
drawn in sterned boats.
The Elthe was built with a view to sta
bility. Her keel is a one-length stick of
well-seaßoned oak 4 inches thick. Her
timbers are also of ste:im-bent oak. 2
inches thick and 1% inches wide, and are
pl.iccd 6 inches apart. Her planking is of
cedar. She is ripged with a centerboard,
7 feet long and 3 feet high. Her cabin is
a thing of beauty, paneled with highly
polished white and Spanish cedar, which
is embellished with a magnificent hand
worked border. The ceiling has been
sandpapered and polished till it has a sur
face like a mirror.
The cabin has accommodations for about
twenty people. In the forward part are
arranged clotheslockers and a toilet, and
aft lockers for dishes and provisions. On
each side of the cabin are placed folding
bunks, which, when not in use, can be set
up against the side of the boat, giving to
the cabin plenty of available space.
She will carry a good spread of canvas.
Her mast is 34 feet high ; the ma^n boom of
the mainsail is 30 feet long, the caff 14 feet
long and the perpendicular hoist 22 feet.
She will carry one jib of the following
dimensions: 14 feet long on the hoist and
30 feet on the stay. A mainsail and jib
will be her working sails, but in addition
to these she will be equipped with a com
plete suit of racing sails, and in the future
regattas the Eli he ought to show up well
in any event she enters.
TACOMA FINEMEN STRIKE,
Will Leave Their Pout* Unlr-mt Back Sal'
arira Are Paid.
TACOMA, Wash., June 25.— Thirty-nine
' ity firemen to-day sent a letter to Mayor
, Fawcett, informing him that because eight
mouths' back salary was due them they
would quit the city's service on July 1.
A special council meeting has been called
for to-morrow to consider their plea.
Insurance men demand that the depart*
ment be maintained at full strength. The
city has nearly $100,000 in the treasury,
and the present dilemma is caused by the
necessity of an investigation, now nearly
finished, as to the legality of outstanding
warrants. Pending this cash cannot be
applied to the redemption of old warrants,
nor new warrants be issued, because the
legal limit Has been reached. It is believed
the council will arrange to pay the firemen
something.
A woolen rag saturated with boiled lin
seed oil is recommended for removing
scratches from a highly polished surface,
which may afterward be varnished with
shellac dissolved in alcohol.
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
-L west of Chicago. Bookkeeping, penmanship,
business practice, shorthand (Pitman, Graham,
Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, English branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department ot Electrical Engineering in success-
ful operation. . ~ * . ,1a":.- •
Individual Instruction, 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. (Students can com-
mence at any urn-. Thousands of graduates la
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 528 ELEVENTH ST ,
cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Blake. Principal; T. D.
Adams, A.M.. master; Mary E. Allen. A.8.. pre-
cepress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. None but teachers of large culture
and experience.' Special attention to Art, Music,
Oratorical Work, Physical Cut tare and . Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUH. .
PKEPARATORY SCHOOL F<)K THE TJr?I-
1. versity. I. aw urn! Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Pbelan building, Nos.
333-333. PKOF. L. H. GRAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. " ; - ■
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOLDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
JD and young men. Prepares for university and
collece. Boarders limited to 36. Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. >./;-•*
RKV. DR. E. B. SPALDINO. Rector.
&y£ ra *4RObMS
~%Gf aw- <c^ consisting of
PARLOR, BEDROOMJDIHINO-ROOIKI, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ...........SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard .'. . . . .« 585 Cents
Matting, per yard ..> .....1© Cents
- . Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............. V£s OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ 825 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 PQST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room C»t»lo^jM Mailed Free.
C 7" Free r»cUn« mi DcUrar; aerou the Bar.