The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 39.
AN INTERVIEW
WITH JAMESON
Crossed the Frontier in
Response to Imploring
Appeals.
THOUGHT MANY IN PERIL
Could Have Beaten the Boers If
Johannesburg Had Made an
Effort to Help.
EXPECTED AID DID NOT COME.
Invaders Fought Until Exhausted and
Ammunition Had All Been
Spent.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 7.— A dispatch to
the Central News, dated Johannesburg,
January 3, gives a bri. ; f an inter
view with Dr. Jameson, who was sent as a
prisoner to Pretoria:
"I oniy crossed the frontier," said the
doctor, 'because of the urgent appeals
made by the inhabitants of Johannesburg,
and because 1 fully Leiieved that large
numbers of my countrymen and country
women were in d;r< peri! of their lives. I
could have beaten the Boers if the people
of Johannesburg had made any effort to
help theniseives, which I was led to expect
they vrouitl do. Help did not reach us at
Erugersdorp, and we could not break
through the Boer lines.
"We fought until we ■were dropping to
the ground exhausted and our ammunition
had been spont. If the men of Johannes
burg had destroyed the railroad to Krugers
dor] . which they could easily have done,
it would have prevented the supplies of
ordnance being taken to the entrenched
, which enabled them to hold out
I our attacks. 7 '
W BUT EX J*r THE QUEES.
A Letter Rebuking -Emperor William.
for His Attitude.
LONDON, Eh©., .lan. 7. -The Westmins
ter Gazette says the Queen has written a
letter to the Emperor of Germany, rebuk
ing him for his attitude in regard to the
Transvaal, especially in the matter of the
< • ngntuiatory message which his Majesty
ser.t to President K7u per.
Hercules Robinson, Governor of
Cape Colony, has wired Mr. Chamberlain,
Colonial »Secreiary, from Pretoria, under
yesterday's date, that an order has been
issued directing the officers of the British
South Africa Company in charge of the
ordnance and ammunition at Buluwayo
and Fort Salisbury to hand the same over
to an imperial orticer. Orders were also
sent on January 2 to Buluwavo calling
upon all citizens to maintain law and
order. This order was faithfully obeyed.
Tiie excitement will be allayed, Governor
Robinson says, when it is known that Ur.
Jameson L.nd his comrades have been re
leased.
The Bt James Gazette says: "We would
rather face a rupture with Germany than
to renounce the stipulation of the conven
tion of l-> 4. that any international ar
rangement made by the Bonth African
republic requires the consent and ratifica
tion of Great Britain. 1 '
Political circles in London maintain that
if it be true thai, the Emperor of Germany
has promised to recognize the independ
ence of the Transvaal republic by ap
pointing a German resident instead of a
Consul at Pretoria it may mean war be
tween Great Britain ;<nd Germany.
T:e Johannesburg Standard has cabled
London, under the date of January 3, that
a revulsion of feeling lias sot in at Johan
nesburg, and that the reform leaders are
loudly denounced for their desertion of
Dr. Jameson.
"It was a mob revolution," the Standard
eaid, "in which the main population did
not join."
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of
Cape Colony, is now at Pretoria.
WA R SK EMS I' HOB AI!/. K.
England Agitated by the lieeidxd Action
of Germany.
I NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 7.— A special
cable to the Sun from London says: Dis
patches received in London after midnight
from Berlin reiterate, in terms which aU
mo«t compels belief, Germany's intention
to declare the independence of the Trans
vaal republic.
The London morning papers just issued
credittheannouncementand they interpret
that it means war. It should be said in
explanation of this interpretation that the
editors of the principal London journals
were invited to meet Mr. Chamberlain
yesterday. The results of the inspiration
received at these interviews are words that
will send the country to arms as soon as
tbe.V are read.
There is no longer any attempt to con
ceal the fact that war is not only possible,
bat probable. Even the radical Daily
Chronicle, in a leader fully indorsing the
Government policy, says aUhe outset:
The tension is so extreme at the present
moment that every man on these islands
should feel resting upon him a heavy
sense of responsibility. We assume that
the defensive forces of the empire will be
His plainly intimated in the inspired
editorials that England is prepared to deal
both with ti,e German Emperor and with
any dictator, plainly meaning Mr.
Rhodes, who may assert himself in British
f-outh Africa. These allusions strengthen
the belief that a revolution has been at
tempted or is now existing in Cape Colony
under Rhodes' leadership.
THE SITVAIIOS ORAVR.
I'rotjHct of a Clash Between England
unit fir rtmt 11.7.
LONDON, Kn«.., .Un. 7.— The Times
tviil to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Berlin saying that the situation is still
viewed by those competent to judge as
being much graver than appears on the
surface or than the actual relations be
tween Great Britain and Germany seem to
show. Dr. Beelaerts yon Blokland, the
Minister of the Transvaal to Germany,
and Dr. Leyds, Secretary of State of the
Transvaal, bare daily conferences with the
Foreign Cilice omcials. It may be
assumed that whatever course the Trans
vaal decides to adopt it will be largely
shaped in accordance with their reports to
Pretoria.
It is stated that Dr. yon Blokland and
Dr. Leyds are also in frequent communica
tion with the French Embassador in Ber
lin, whose view* are reported to accord
with those of Germany relative to the
guarantees to be demanded to secure the
future independence of the Transvaal.
Tiie decision to land German marines at
Lorenzo Marquez and to march them to
the Transvaal was not a mere threat. The
news of I>r. Jameson's defeat arrived just
in time to avert the dispatch of final
instructions to that effect.
The writer of the dispatch declares that
this necessarily involves the existence of
prior agreement between Berlin, Lisbon
and Pretoria, and shows that Germany for
some time lias been maturing schemes to
arrest the progress of British ascendancy
in South Africa.
He adds that there is still in some quar
tors in Berlin a desire to avert irreparable
estrangement with England, but that the
anti-English current is running so strong
that it may carry the Government into
deeper and stormier waters than those who
swing around with it anticipated.
TXOVPS TOR CAJPJB TO >FJV.
England Hill Send Strong Jte-enforce-
tttentu tit Once.
LONDON. Esq., Ja«. 7.— The Telegraph
will to-morrow say that the Government
has decided to send to Cape Town as soon
as possible strong re-enforcements of cav
alry and infantry. It adds that a second
regiment which is under orders to return
home from India will stop at Cape Town,
while other regiments selected from the
First Army Corps in England will shortly
leave for that place.
The Telegraph further says that a first
class British cruiser has been ordered to
proceed to Delagoa Bay.
A dispatch received to-day from Johan
nesburg, dated January 2, says it has
transpired that upon the arrival of the
news of Dr. Jameson's advance, Mr. Eloff,
President Kruger's grandson, rode unat
tended to meet the British South Africa
Company's force with a view to persuad
ing them to return; He met them at
Zwaartlaagte, and vainly urged them to
retire. He was placed under arrest until
the following day, when ho was liberated
and his horse returned to him. Dr. Jame
son retained his arms, telling him to call
for them at the Government offices in Pre
toria.
The Daily News will to-morrow publish
a dispatch from Vienna saying that the
• rcrman Government, fearing that
Emperor William's message to President
Kruger would offend Emperor Francis
Joseph, has explained to Count Gelu
chowsky. Minister of Foreign Affairs, that
Emperor William did not intend to offend
England. His message was merely meant
to encourage the free states of South
Africa to maintain their independence. A
similar message has been sent to Rome,
where, it is stated, the opposition intended
to use the incident against a renewal of
the triple alliance.
IW.L JCJSLLXQUIBM ARSIS.
Uitlanaera Heady to Comply With the
lieiiiniMltt Made.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 7. — Hercules
Robinson, Governor of Cape Colony, cables
from Pretoria, capital of the Transvaal,
under date of to-day, that he has received
a message from the reform committee at
Johannesburg stating that the Uitlanders
have resolved to comply with the demand
of the Transvaal Government that they
relinquish their arms. The p°ople, the
committee added, are placing themselves
unreservedly in his hands, being confident
that he will see that justice is done them.
Sir Hercules then quotes a message sent
by Sir Jacobus Dewet, the Bri&sh political
agent at Pretoria, to President Kruger,
containing the reform committee's formal
resolution declaring that the committee
had instructed « its followers to lay down
their arms, relying on the Transvaal Gov
ernment to maintain order and protect
life. The resolution requests that the
armed burghers in the vicinity of Johan
nesburg be removed.
Sir Jacobus Dewet added to his message
that he was convinced that the foreigners
would*abandon their arms without fur
ther difliculty, and urged that the republic
operate with the committee for a day or
two in restoring the normal condition of
affairs in Johannesburg.
Sir Hercules concludes his dispatch by
saying he hopes now to be able to confer
with President Kruger and the executive
council relative to the prisoners and the
redressing of the grievances of the foreign
residents of Johannesburg.
COXTEMVT Jh'OH t ITLAXJOERS.
Accused of Cowardice tn J\'ot Atsiating
Dr. ilunir.inii.
LONDON, Exo., Jan. 7.— Lord Salisbury
received Mr. Chamberlain and the Ger
man Embassador at the Foreign Office to
day. The interview between Count yon
Hazfeldt and the Prime Minister lasted
for bait an hour. Subsequently Lord Sal
isbury received Baron de Courcel, the
French Embassador. After these inter
views Lord Salisbury started for Hatrield
House, hi s home in Hertfordshire.
A dispatch from Cape Town says that
after nightfall on the clay of the battle be
tween Dr. Jameson and his followers and
the Boers the latter used search lights,
themselves remaining under cover and re
lying upon their sharpshooters to pick off
Jameson's men.
The Westminster Gazette has a dispatch
from Cape Town, which says: A general
feeling of nauseating contempt for the
Uitlanders of Johannesburg exists here.
This feeling is based upon their obvious
cowardice in sitting quietly down after
luring Dr. Jameson into his blunder and
offering him no assistance whatever. Im
mediately after the invading forces offered
resistance to the Boers, the stores were
closed, trade became stagnant and women
and children began leaving for the coast
in coal, cattle and horse trucks and every
kind of vehicle available. The scene at
the railway station was indescribable.
A dispatch from Johannesburg, dated
January ], says that a deputation sent to
Pretoria had concluded a three days'
armistice in order to permit the arrival of
Governor Robinson, who was expected to
arrive in Pretoria on January 4. In the
meantime the National Union of Ut
landers controlled the town.
A proclamation issued by Governor
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1596.
Uncle Sam—" Really, I ought to recognize this young woman,"
Robinson has been published warning
British subjects in the Transvaal against
joining Dr. Jameson, who, the proclama
tion declares, has been guilty of armed
invasion of the territory of a friendly
state.
FOR A FJLTIXG SQUAMiOS.
A Xaval Force to Be Dispatched to Dela
gon J(aj/.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 7.— The Times to
morrow will say that orders have been
sent to Portsmouth, Devonport and Chat-
I ham for the immediate placing in com
! mission of six ships to form a flying squad
ron. It is understood that captains for
the vessels have already been chosen. The
object is obviously to have an additional
squadron to go anywhere. The squadron
will be composed of two first-class battle
ships and two first and two. second-class
cruisers. The names of the vessels are yet
unknown, but there is hardly a question
that either the Royal Oak or the Revenge,
how at Portsmouth, will hoist a pennant.
The Endymion and the Hesus, now at
Chatham, are likely to be two of the
cruisers selected. The paper adds that it
has also been decided to dispatch a naval
force to Delftgoa Bay, but whether it will
be composed of vessels from the cape or
East Indian squadron is ur.known;
Commenting upon these naval prepara
tions the Times will say it hopes that, as
nothing can be gained by keeping the
Mediterranean squadron at Salonica, it
will i-hortiy be ordered to concentrate
where it can be more immediately avail
able in case of need.
Relative to the report abo at Germany
ordering marines to the Transvaal, the
Times refuses to believe the report until it
shall be proved that Portugal consented
for them to pass through her territory.
It adds, however, that it would not be sur
prised to learn that efforts had been made
to tempt her to such disloyalty to a
friendly power and old ally.
HInSES FOR WILLIAM.
One Jtelative of the Queen JV'ot Zoved in
England. :■ \;: i :
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 7.— At a large pub
lic dinner of farmers and tradesmen given
Continued on Ibitrth Page.
OUTLINE OF THE COUNTRY AROUND HAVANA.
[This map uas made especially for "The Call."]
WATS OF AGREEMENT.
How Great Britain and the
United States Could
Settle.
NEW TREATY FAVORED.
Correspondent Norman Urges a
Plan to Check All Con
troversy.
ARBITRATION THE KEYNOTE.
Americans Firm in the Support of
Cleveland in the Venezuelan
Dispute.
LONDON, ESQ., Jan. 7.— The Chroni
cle's Washineton correspondent, Henry j
Norman, cables as follows,
"There is a heroic way of settling the
whole difficulty, fraught with honor to
both Governments and with results of
priceless wjyrth to both peoples. The pres
ent delay consists in the fact that the j
United States Government considers itself j
in honor bound to insist upon a certain ;
course, which the British Government I
considers itself in honor bound to refuse I
to adopt. Every day spent here has con- |
vinced me more strongly that it is impos
sible to exaggerate the seriousness of such
an international situation. If the British I
public is misled by the optimistic senti- !
nients of New York It may rind itself sud
denly face to face with appalling clanger.
If the American Government acts only in
the belief that because Great Britain is
threatened with a European crisis there
fore she will knuckle down to any Ameri
can demand it may suddenly discover that
the Europeau crisis has blown over and
that war with England is on its hands.
M I once more repeat my solemn convic
tion that the overwhelming majority of
the American people will support their
Government in war on behalf of the prin
ciple of arbitration where American inter
ests are bolieved to be involved. At the
same time I positively reassert that the
President and Cabinet earnestly desire an
amicable settlement, and individual mem
bers of the administration confess that
they utterly fail to comprehend the reason
for England's attitude of mere blunt re
fusal. In all the Government depart
ments nere the situation is regarded as
very serious despite every effort made on
behalf of peace.
"Now, the kernel of the dispute being
the principle of arbitration, the solution
may be fnund therein aiso. If Lord Salis
bury will say that, although he must
maintain his refusal to arbitrate on Vene
luela by itself, Le is prepared to conclude
a treaty with the United States under
which all questions failing oi diplomatic
settlement shall be submitted to arbitra
tion and that tnis of course would include
Venezuela, as the greater includes the
less, the American Government I know
will receive this communication with
warm sympathy. Herein is a dignified
and indeed the most simple and friendly
escape from the deadlock.
"Remember that a resolution to this
effect was adopted by Congress on April 4,
LB9O, and responded to by a resolution of
the House of Commons, supported in its
j decision by Mr. Gladstone on June 16,
I 1893. A second joint resolution of Con
\ press was introduced in trie Senate by
j Senator Allison on June 20, 1894, and re
| ferred to the committee on Foreign Kela-
I tions, where it still remains.
"Two things block the way. The first is
that if any arbitration treaty was ever
! under discussion it was laid aside when
i Congress, by refusing to pay that $425,000,
I temporarily invalidated the Paris Bering
Sea commission award. But as I have al
ready cabled, a treaty is partly concluded to
America, Canada and the British Embas
sador in Washington have all assented,
placing this matter in a direct way of set
tlement. I observe that the statement is
to-day cabled from London thut this
treaty is blocked by Canada's refusal. The
statement is entirely baseless. Canada
has formally and finally agreed. It only
awaits the^assent of the Foreign Office for
this treaty to become operative. I re
assert there is both surprise and regret felt
here at the delay. It is urgently desirable
that this treaty be pressed forward. As
soon as this is done the first difficulty will
have been removed.
"The second difficulty is the English
feeling that any action taken now would
appear to be due to American threats. In
reply to this it is quite certain that neither
Mr. Cleveland nor Mr. Olney consider
themselves to be threatening England.
They only desired, after years of fruitless
diplomatic discussion, to make the atti
tude of their own country clear beyond
the chance of further misunderstanding.
If Lord Salisbury has any doubts upon
this pi.int an inquiry through the regular
diplomatic channels to Mr. Bayard or Sir
Julian Pauncefote will, I am convinced,
dispel the notion that the American Gov
ernment deliberately adopted a menacing
attitude improper in diplomatic commu
nication. Moreover, if Lord Salisbury is
aggrieved by the expressions of the Ameri
can Government the American Govern
ment in its turn considers itself legiti
mately aggrieved hy Lord Salisbury's tone
and his virtual pooh-poohing a joctrine
which they had formerly declared they
regarded as vital to the National welfare.
Therefore the sentiments balance each
other, and there is every ground for mutual
agreement and assurance that no offense
was intended.
"These two are the only things in the
path leading to a grand recognition before
the whole world of the principle of arbi
tration between civilized nations. The
British public is ready; I am confident
that the American public is equally ready,
and I know the American Government
is ready. This being* so what blocks the
way to an almost imnediate removal of
Venezuela from the field of international
discussion and the complete restoration of
cordial relations between the two people
who, while only too ready to tight for
principle, are even more ready to agree on
a civilized settlement henceforth and for
ever? If Lord Salisbury is able to move
diplomatically in the direction indicated,
it is certain that the meeting of the Vene
zuelan commission would be instantly ad
journed until the time was ripe for com
mon discussion of the question, when the
treaty should become law. I will only
add if it were my iast word it would be a
lamentable mistake for England to be
lieve that there is any division of opinion
worth considering in this country. Wash
ington, far more than Now York, is the
pulse of the United states, and I have
been feeling that pulse for over a week,
and I assert, despite criticism or contra
diction, that America will speak with
practically one voice in support of the
Cabinet in the Venezuelan matter. If
Lord Salisbury decides that it is impossi
ble to take any step let him and England
at least recognize what is the alternative."
The Times' editorial, cabled to the
papers here to-day, is calculated to pro
duce a great and most favorable effect. A
few more such wise, conciliatory and
statesmanlike utterances on both sides
and the nations will be marching hand in
hand down the Christian road of peaceful
negotiation.
Commenting on the foregoing dispatch
the Chronicle will to-morrow say :
"The vital and absorbing feature of the
controversy is that America desires arbi
tration and we cannot refuse the request.
It is slowly, we. hope surely, entering the
minds of our statesmen that in order to do
justice to the American case we must look
at tne Monroe doctrine from the American
point of view. Here the hair-splitting of
ingenious lawyers and academic essayists
help very little. We have to take into ac
count a deep-rooted National sentiment,
which ha 3 a way of getting itself recog
nized in policy and in action without the
sanction of theoretical rules.
"Lord Salisbury may argue this, that
the American doctrine is not incorporated
in Vhe code of international law. The
American answer is: 'What we call inter
national law is merely the customs ob
served by European states in their rela
tions with each other, which have been de
termined by the dominant powers.'
"Eneland lias been foremost as a maker
of international law. It requires no ex
ceptional gift of perception to see that the
United States aspires to the same leading
role in politics on the American continent.
England filled Europe with glory and was
herself a benefit to mankind in the period
of Napoleonic wars. The international
law which is to govern the American con
tinent is in progress of formation, and we
cannot shut our eyes to the fact that since
the United States is th,e dominant power
on that continent, they will not fail to
exercise that paramount influence which
is incidental to the position."
ARBITRATION IS PROPER.
An English I'rofrsnor Who Indorses
Uticlr Sam.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 7.—Profes
sor W. Hudson Shaw of Oxford Univer
sity, in speaking to-day of the Venezuelan
controversy between England and the
United States, expressed some opinions of
the feeling over the question in nis coun
try that are at variance with the idea that
prevails here of the position of Great
.Britain.
"I am only eight days from England
and was there when the war scare over the
Venezuelan nffair first started," he said.
"Being a university extension lecturer and
constantly going from city to city I had
unusual opportunities of meeting all
classes of the people of England in many
sections of the country. I am sure I
know the sentiment of the people on the
matter.
"President Cleveland's message came to
the English people like a thunderbolt out
of a clear sky. The feeling there was oue
of unutterable astonishment that any
trouble could occur between England and
the United States. This feeling pervaded
all classes. The feeling of the English
people for their American cousins is year
by year becoming more sympathetic, and
among educated people in England the
thought of war' with the United States
seems impossible.
'There is no single Englishman that
does not accept the Monroe doctrine as
laid down by President Monroe and which
it might be called the extension to it
which holds that no European power
should encroach an inch on this conti-
Oontlnued on Fourth J*agc
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WILL RESIGN
THE COMMAND
General Campos Soon to Give
Way to a Younger
Leader.
SAYS HAVANA IS SAFE.
But Senor Pierra Declares That
the Capital Is to Be
Taken.
GOMEZ EEADY FOE INVASION.
Spanish Volunteers and Citizens Pre
pared to Join the Insurgents
at a Signal.
LONDON, Ess., Jan. 7.— The Times will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Mad
rid stating that despite official denials of
the report that Captain-General Campos
will resign his command in Cuba, public
opinion accepts as a fact the possibility of
his handing over the active command of
the operations against the insurgents to a
younger general while he retains the posi
tion of Governor. It is well known that tha
health of Marshal Campos is not robust.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The
Spanish Minister received to-night a tele
gram from Madrid stating that Mar.«h:il
Campos, in a telegram received there this
morning, bays:
"The main body of the enemy hag
marched to the province of Pinar del Kio.
I have advanced the columns of Generals
Yaldez, Garcia, Navarro, Echague and
Luque to follow them. I have the other
columns on the railroad between Havana
and Batabano. They will take rations
and proceed to-morrow in a parallel line to
occupy the line from Marie! to Arteraisa.
"The columns of Pratz, Galvis, Fort Al
dacoa and the battalions of Valercia and
Espana are chasing the small bands that
are burning cane and committing other
depredations. The situation in Cuba from
a military point of view remains un
changed. The insurgents have proceeded
west without daring to stop in any place,
and are avoiding all encounters. Nothing
is in danger and it is absurd to suppose
that they will pretend to attempt to sur
round or enter Havana, when, until the
present moment, they have not dared to
enter any town of medium importance.
"In the Department of ihe East, in the
principal villas and even in Matanzaa,
nothing of importance has occurred, not
withstanding a large number of troops
have been withdrawn from there. That
shows that the insurgents have no means
and are not supported by the population."
NEW YORK, N. Y.^.Tan. 7. -The Re
corder will say to-morrow: Senor Sidel
Pierra, a Cuban merchant of this city, who
has been in communication with friends
among the insurgents, scoffed yesterday at
the statement that General Gomez did not
intend to make an attack on Havana.
Senor Pierra declares positively that the
insurgent general will make the attack and
take the city.
It is not Gomez' intention to remain in
Havana any longer than it will take to
ransack it for arms, ammunition and sup
plies and recruit his forces from sympa
thizers who are kept under cover hv the
presence of the Spanish soldiers. Gomez
is now within thirteen miles of Havana,
and one of his first moves will be to cut off
the city's water supply.
Senor Pierra made the rather startling
declaration that Gomez could take Havana
with 2000 men, and in support of this state
ment he said that the Spanish volunteers
were so thoroughly dissatisfied with
General Campos that they were ready to
do anything to aid the insurgents. It is
said that they intend to make certain de
mands upon Campos as a pretext, which,
they know he will refuse, and then will
give a signal to Gomez to make the attark,
when the volunteers will promptly desert
to the insurgent ranks.
There are 35,000 citizens in Havana old
enough to fight and the majority of these
are in sympathy with Gomez and only
await deliverance from the presence of the
Spanish soldiers to throw their support in
aid of the revolution.
Gomez, Senor Pierra declares, will go
into Havana with 2000 men. but will leave
it with a force of at least 30,000.
PREI'AKEIt IS JiOSTOy.
Misleading Report* as to the "Capture"
of Havana.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 7.— The Chi
cago Associated Press last evening circu
ited a report that Havana had been
captured by the Cuban insiir.
Strangely enough, this startling announce
ment did not come direct from Havana, as
it naturally and very promptly would if
the insurgents were really in possession of
the Cuban capital, but it was projected
upon the puhlic in Boston, obviously the
headquarters of the "representative of the
Chicago Associated Press in Havana." As
might have been supposed, this wholly
unfounded and inexcusable report found
its way to Havana, and its receipt imme
diately provoked an emphatic though en
tirely unnecessary denial.
Through the miKiiuru of a United Press
dispatcii cabled from Havana, not Boston,
the reading public of the United States
were informed that the city was in a per
fectly tranquil state, and that not the
slightest apprehension was /eit by the in
habitants or oflicials in regard to its im
munity from investment or capture by the
insurgents. AVhen Havana is taken by
the insurgents, if ever it should be, an
nouncement of the event will not be cabled
from Boston, but from Havana, and that
too as quickly as its captors can send out
to the world the news of their victory.
This alleged Havana dispatcii, via Ba
tabano and Boston. has= the flavor of ranch
of the matter contained in the palpably
false and plainly home manufactured
"dispatches" which the Chicago Asso
ciated Press are accustornedto send out
daily.
A few weeks ago one purported to come2
from Constantinople, via Sofia, Bulgaria,
and it may bt>, indeed it is liKely, that it is
the work of the same "representative,"
though it seems strange that the Havana
and Constantinople representatives of the
Chicago Associated Press should be located
in Boston. One would fancy that such an
arrangement might be confusing, leading
to t: c capture ot Havana in Asia Minor,
or the slaughter of the Armenians by the
Kurds of Santiago de Cuba and the Bashi-
Bazouks of Santa Clara. Clearly the opera
tion of such a system must involve much
greater care in the dating of "dispatches"
than in their manufacture.
POOD (JETTIMG SCARCE.
Already There la Suffering and Tieaii-
iutii.n on the Island.
MATANZAB, CUBA, Pec. 27 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. 7).— Already the dire effects of
the war ure being felt in thi3 province.
The Mayor of Corral Falso has telegraphed
to the Governor of this province report
ing large number of persons asking for
food and protection in th.-dr misery.
The Mayor reported that in that town
food was getting very scarce owing to the
cessation of all communication. Sencrs
Diaz y l'oyos of the Atrevido BUgar estate,
near Macurriees, reports that nearly
1000 people have sought safety by moving
on their property; that they were wholly
without food of any kind except what the
estate had furnished them. Their anxiety
and misery bad been added to by their
being surrounded by bands of rebels.
When the messenger left with this in
formation an attack was expected.
A mass-meeting of the merchants of this
city baa just Deen held, at which the whole
situation w.is discussed, including the
awful position of the inhabitants of the
many towns in the interior of this
province. A spot subscription was made
and instant relief will be sent to the in
terior. Ii will consist of bags of rice,
crackers, jerked beef, butter and other
necessary articles to prevent starvation.
In that section the rebels are destroying
everything — estates, houses and crops.
They are absolutely relentless in their role
' ruction.
Yesterday Sitio Laupio was visited by a
large body of rebels. They were under the
command of EmUio Ar&ngn. They seized
all the horses in the vicinity, leaving tired,
broken-down animals in exchange.
While destroying sugar estates near
Cuevitas the rebels set lire to the Mayor of
Jacabaco's residence. All the records
were given to the flames. They are apply
ing the torch to all inflammable material.
At Martelio, in Cardenas, there is a rebel
camp of 1500 men under Parcho Perrez.
ABKIXG Itr.I.LHiEREXT RIGHTS.
Cubans Also iTii»t Intervention in Jit
hatf of Sanguilly.
WASHINGTON, P. C., Jan. 7. — The
delegation of tbe Cuban republic, General
Tomas Estrada Palma, Secretary Gonzalo
Quesada and Treasurer Horatio Rubens,
reached Washington this morning after
an absence of ten days to resume their ef
forts to secure recognition of their Govern
ment and the accordance of belligerents*
rights.
They expect to present conclusive evi
dence to tin Souse Committee on Foreign
Affairs within a few days which will re
mit in a favorable report on the Sulzer
resolution.
Accompanied by Congressman Sulzer,
Palnia, Quesada ana Rubens, with Colonel
SanKuilly, called at the State Department
this morning, but were unable to see Mr.
Olney, who was obliged to hurry to a
Cabinet meeting. The object of the call
was to secure the intervention of the
United States to irotect the life of Colonel
Sanguilly's brother, General Jalio San
guilly, who has been sentenced to life im
prisonment for complicity in the insurrec
tion. The delegation left some papers re
lating to the matter for Secretary Olney.
FOlt A USZXJBMt FXOXT.
rolitictl J'arti^s I{rpr*«e>ttcd at a Pa-
triotir Mrethtg.
HAVANNA. Cuba, Jan. 7. — An immense
patriotic meeting was held in the Casino
last evening, at which the leaders of all
the political parties agreed ur>on a com
plete union and a united front against the
rebels in view of the situation confronting
the country. Speeches were made by
Senors Santos, Guzman, Montoro, Satur
nino, Martinc/ and other political leaders,
who were in perfect accord.
The rebel- have arrived at Punta Brava,
near Mariano. General Luque, with his
command, has prevented the rebels from
making an attack upon San Antonio
Ramos.
JSOORSE THE CUB AX 8,
Ht. l.ouia Smsimemm Jtfen Urge Their
HccDt/nition.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. J»n. ".-The Business
Men's League of St. Louis, representing
every commensal interest, at their meet
ing to-night unanimously passed the fol
lowing preamble and resolution offered
by ilon. R. C. Kerens, Republican Cen
tral Comrnitteeman, from Missouri :
WHKItEAB, The struggle for independence on
the Island of Cuba so courageously carried
forward by patriots to relieve themselves of
the unjust rule and taxation of a despotic
Government ought to succeed; therefore,
'v.d. Uy lhe Business Men's League of
b"t. Louis, that we hereby extend our heartfelt
sympathy and encouragement to the people of
Cuba in thfeil heroic struggle to attain their
freedom, and we urge their recognition by the
United States Government.
PROBABLY LOST AT SEA
It Is Feared That the Wild
Flower Foundered During
a Terrific Gale.
The Steamer Left Philadelphia for
Rouen With a Cargo of Oil and
a Crew of Thirty.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 7. -During
the terrible gale which swept the Atlantic
in the middle of December it is believed
that the British steamship Wild Flower,
which sailed for Rouen, France, on De
cember 11, with, a crew of thirty men,
foundered in mid-ocean. There has been
anxiety for her safety for some time and
she was posted in Lloyds' shipping-rooms
in London to-day as a missing vessel.
Captain Frederick Stanwell of Wiesbeck,
Eng., commanded her.
The Wild Flower wal a bulk oil-carrier
of large dimensions and was one of the
Fox line of oil-carriers. Her cargo was
valued at $i9,(>53 and fully insured in for
eign companies.
The missing vessel was owned by Alfred
Stuart & Co. of London, lar^e holders of
s'.<;<m craft engaged in carrying oil in
bulk.
Dropped Dead Frotn Fright.
DULCTH, Minx., Jan. 7.— C. A. Peter
son, postmaster at Thompson, dropped
dead from fright to-day while the in
spector was examining his accounts. He
had been $150 short in his accounts, part
of which he had claimed v.as the result of
a robbery one night.
PULITZER IS SCORED
Senators Objected to the
Correspondence of the
Journalist.
TELEGRAMS TO ENGLAND
Lodge Said the Statute Made This
Procedure Clearly a Crim
inal Act.
VEST DEFENDED DEMOCRACY.
Protested Against the Strictures Con
tained in Sherman's Recent
Speech.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.-The
Finance Committee substitute for the
House bond bill was reported in the Senate
to-day by Jones (D.) of Arkansas, and was
placed on the calendar, Jones giving no
tice that he would ask the Senate to take
it up for consideration to-morrow, and
expressing the desire that it be disposed of
at the earliest possible day.
It was stated by Morrill (R.) of Ver
mont, chairman of the Finance Commit
tee, that the substitute had the approval
of the majority of the committee, but not
of the .Republican members of it.
A plan for making the proposed loan a
really popular one was suggested by
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire in the
shape of a bill containing most of the
features of a postal-saving system. Chand
ler explained it at some length and spoke
on it in a somewhat jocose vein of humor
as a complete and perfect panacea for the
existing financial trouble. He had it re
ferred to the Postuffice Committee, but
said that he would offer it as an amend
ment to tLe bill of the Finance Com
mittee.
In connection with it there was a rather
interesting discuss?on in relation to the
cable correspondence of Mr. Pulitzer with
the Prince of Wales, the Rothschilds and
other public characters in England— the
statute making such correspondence a
criminal act being brought to the atten
tion of the Senate dv Lodge (R.) of Massa
chusetts.
Later on in the day Vest (D.) of Missouri
took the floor and in a speech occupying
over two hours, delivered with great earn
estness and vehemence, defending the
Democratic party and the Cleveland ad
ministration from the strictures contained
in Sherman's recent speech, particularly
in connection with tariff legislation. As
to the finance question he declared him
self an uncompromising adherent of the
free coinage of silver, and spoke of that
question as an irrepressible conflict which
could not be evaded and which had to be
fought to a tinish.
At 4:50 the Senate adjourned until to
morrow.
Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky took the oath
of office for his new term.
In presenting a petition from the Com
mon Council of Worcester, Mass., in favor
of the Armenian, Hoar (R.) of Massa
chusetts inquired whether the Committee
on Foreign Relations had taken any action
on the numerous petitions referred to it of
the same character. He was informed by
Harmon (R.) of Ohio, its chairman, that
the Committee on Foreign Relations was
animated by a most earnest desire to re
lieve the Armenians, if possible; but had
not yet taken the subject into considera
tion. The committee had only recently
been appointed, and the matter had not
yet been reached. Jones (D.) of Arkansas
reported from the Committee on Finance
the House bond bill with a substitute, and
f,'ave notice that to-morrow immediately
after the morning business he would ask
the Senate to take it up for consideration.
At the request of Eikins (R.) of West
Virginia, his resolution requiring United
States bonds to be issued after public ad
vertisement was referred to the Finance
Committee.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire intro
duced a popular loan bill and proceeded to
explain it. He read the first paragranh of
his bill, which provides for postal savings
notes to bear interest for five years and to
be repaid in the sort of money deposited,
whether gold, silver or paper. He said
that he did not regard the recent treasury
notice, announcing a popular loan, as be
ing in satisfactory form. He was erateful
to the -Secretary for heeding the voice of
the people as offered in. the Senate the
other day, of the Senator from Nebraska
(Allen) and other tribunes of the people
(laughter), but he did not regard it as a
wise method of testing the willingness of
the people to supply money to the Gov
ernment.
Chandler's bill provides for the issue of
postal savings notes of the lace value of
$100, with interest thereon at the rate of
$3 a year, with a tofal interest of $16 if the
notes are not presented at the expiration
of five years. After five years, in addition
to the sum of $16, the Government is to
pay $4 for each, year's interest. These
notes may be issued in sums of $50 and are
redeemable at the pleasure of the Govern
ment after five years. He elaborated the
provisions of the bill and had it referred to
the Postoffice Committee, but gave notice
that he would offer it as an amendment to
the bill reported to-day from the Finance
Committee.
Lodge, referring to Chandler's statement
83 to the Rothschilds dispatch, read a
statute making it illegal for citizens of the
United States to correspond with foreign
Governments or officials in regard to the
public measures in the United States, and
he asked Chandler whether he did not
think that the telegrams from the New
York World were not an illegal interfer
ence and an attempt to throw doubt on
the credit of the Government.
Chandler agreed with Lodge in these
views. Tbe law certainly applied to the
Pulitzer telegram to the Prince of Wales,
the heir apparent to the throne, on a pub
lic question which made the relations be
tween the two countries acute. And he
declared that if the President and the
Attorne3'-General did their duty Mr. Pu
litzer, if he ever set foot upon American
soil, which he occasionally did, would be
prosecuted according to law.
The resolution offered by Sherman (R.)
of Ohio on December 31, declaring that the
use of the gold reserve to supply deficien
cies is of doubtful legality and greatly in
iurious to the public credit, and that a
sum of not less than $100,000,000 in gold
coin or bullion should be restored to the
treasury and segregated from all other
funds, was taken up, and Vest (D.) of Mis
souri addressed the Senate upon it. He
repudiated the idea that the Democratic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
"FIO-TTPtES J±2XT) FIGS-TTP^EIIE-AJDS."
[Reproduced from the San Francisco Chronicle.]
party was dead, and declared that when it
did die the last hope of popular government
would have disappeared. If the income tax
in the Wilson bill had been collected,
there would have been no deficiency of
revenue. He reviewed the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States which
declared that tax unconstitutional, and
asserted that no decision had ever been
rendered by that court which had done so
much to destroy its influence and to excite
distrust among the masses of the Ameri
can people, including intelligent and
thoughtful lawyers. For a hundred years,
he said, no lawyer had doubted that Con-
gress had the rurht to tax the income of
real and personal property without appor
tionment according to population among
the States. He did not propose to analyzo
the decision of the Supreme Court declar
ing the income tax unconstitutional, nor
should he trust himself to enter into the
conjecture as to the reasons which caused
one member of that court, after agreeing
deliberately as to the constitutionality of
the largest portion of the law, to reverse
his opinion two weeks afterward on a re
hearing. The name of that Justice was
unknown. It was known alone to himself
and his official associates.
Vest then went on to reply to Sherman's
speech in criticism of the Democratic ad
ministration, and he pointed to the fact
that during the four years of Mr. Cleve
land's first term the export of gold was
only $79,000,000, while in the next four
years of Mr. Harrison's administration
the export of gold was $213,000,000.
Coming to the question of the free coin
age of silver, Vest declared that the Re
publican party was as hopelessly divided
on tnat question as the Democratic party
was, and the struggle of Republican Seu-
ators was to evade that issue if possiole
and not to permit the general public to as
certain that they were as hopelessly di
vided on it as he claimed— and as he
conceded the Democrats were.
'•All the people of this country," Vest
exclaimed, "are engaged in an irrepres
sible conflict— as irrepressible as that
which marched the armies of the North
and South in the Civil War. I trust that
the settlement will not be by violence. I
hope and believe that it will not be. But
the conflict is just as irrepressible, and
must be fought out to the last extremity.
All attempts to evade the issue are impos
sible. The sooner it is settled the better
for the tranquillity of the country and the
better for the public and private life of
the land."
PROCEEDINGS XA THE HOUSE.
Breezy Debate Over the Special Employes
liecommended.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.-In the
House a unanimous report from the Com
mittee on Judiciary was made by Brod
erick (R.) of Kansas that no doubt ex
isted of the election of Allen as a repre
sentative from Utah, and in accordance
therewith Allen was sworn in as a mem
ber of the House.
Henderson (R.) of lowa reported from
the Committee on Judiciary its unani
mous substitute for a resolution introduced
by Representative Hubbard regarding the
enforcement of the anti-trust law. The
original resolution assumed that the At
torney-General had failed to carry out the
law, and the substitute calls upon the At
torney-General for information as to the
steps he has taken in that direction and
what further legislation is needed to pro
tect the people against trade trusts and
conspiracies. The substitute was agreed to.
The House then, at 1:25 p. m., adjourned
until to-morroyv, when the rules will be
reported.
There was a breezy debate over the ap
pointment of special employes, recom
mended by the Committee on Accounts.
The report submitted by Aldrich (R.) of
Illinois, chairman, provides for the ap
pointment of two new employes in the
doorkeeper's division, one of whom had
been discharged after a service of nearly a
score of years.
Johnson (R.) of Indiana and Walker
(R.) of Massachusetts denounced the dis
charge of this employe, which the former
said had been mafle necessary by reasons
of the demands of the "combine," which
organized the House for places for constit
uents, an illustration, he said, of the dis
creditable proceedings of such affairs.
Walker went further, saying the recom
mendation of the committee was requested
to repair the damage to the public service
by the combine. He also asked whether
or not the reading clerks who could not
be heard on either side of the house were
to be retained throughout the Congress,
not by the will of the Speaker ,por of the
House, but of the gentlemen "who farm
out the offices."
The report of the committee was adopted
—150 to 10.
MAY PASS THE BILL
The House Tariff Measure
to Be Reported With
out Changes.
CONSIDERED IN CAUCUS.
If One Amendment Is Made
There Will Be Many
Others Offered.
INTEBESTS OF VARIOUS STATES.
Jones of the Finance Committee Appears
to Be the Present Master of
the Situation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— Owing
to the late session of the Senate the Re
publican caucus, that took a recess until
this afternoon, was postponed until to
morrow after the adjournment of the
Senate. It is confidently believed that at
that conference the Republicans will, by a
vote of a comfortable majority, direct their
members on the Finance Committee to re
port the tariff bill to the Senate as it came
from the House, and without amendments
of any Kind.
Shortly after the caucus convened this
morning Quay moved that the committee
be so instructed, and his motion led to the
debate that followed. But one Senator in
dicated any desire to reconstruct, a tariff
bill along Republican lines. That Senator
was Baker of Kansas, a new man, and his
associates in the Senate looked upon his
zeal as the result of his unfamiliarity with
the conditions that surround the Senate at
this time. There were other speakers who
desired amendments to be made, and said
they would insist upon them if the debate
was opened at all ; but, if the consensus of
opinion was that this should be done, they
would be satisfied and support the majority.
There is a division in the Finance Com
mittee itself as to the wisdom of amend
ing the House bill, and it was because of
such division that this caucus was held.
Sherman favored an additional rate on
crockery, if changes were to be made, and
Platt's State was largely interested in the
raising of tobacco, and if amendments
were in order he was constrained to look
after that schedule. Allison's constitu
ents were largely interested in agricul
tural products, and he, too, would be com
pelled to insist on an increase there.
On the other hand, Jones, the Potralist
member, urged that raw sugar had been
discriminated against when the House re
fused to increase it by 15 per cent, as it
had every other schedule on the bill.
Jones insisted with vigorous protestations
that raw sugar should be given this addi
tional 15 per cent in the Senate. He was
re-enforced in this contention by Perkins
of California and Thurston of Nebraska,
both of whom reDresent States that are
engaged in the growing of beets for sugaT
and the manufacture of sugar from that
farm product. Thurston was not in a
position to urge the committee, but he has
done so very effectually by the aid of the
telegraph.
In view of these contentions it is easy to
see that the Republicans of the committee
were very much at sea as to what should
be the policy they ought to pursue.
Hence their appeal to the full membership
of their own party. Should the caucus to
morrow, as seems likely, instruct the com
mittee to report the bill thus reported,
and vote down any and all amendments,
a deadlock between Jones and the Repub
lican members of the committee appears
to be imminent. Jones holds the balance
of power in the committee. His vote is
necessary to report the bill, and without
him the Republicans cannot report the
measure in any shape.
Jones said to-night that he would in9ist
upon the addition of the 15 per cent to the
sugar schedule. If the caucus so decides
the Republican members will not grant it.
Jones, it seems, must then either change
his mind or the bill will remain on the
files of the Committee on Finance.
Republicans profess to believe that Mr.
Jones will not put himself on record, but
that after urging his proposition he will
yield to the will of his former Republican
associates, and permit the bill to be re
ported. It looks to-night as if Jones was
master of the situation.
UXDEMrALUJLTIOXS OF IMPORTS.
Step* to lie Taken to I'revent Such JPrac-
tic** in the Future.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The
House Ways and Means Committed de
cided at to-day's meeting to call two mem
bers of the Board of General Appraisers
before them to-morrow to furnish evidence
with respect to the undervaluations of im
ports. The purpose of the committee is to
make such changes in the administrative
law as will effectually prevent such prac
tices in future.
Chairman Dingley arranged his sub
committees to-day. These committees and
chairmen are as follows:
Customs — Dingley of Maine.
Administration of Customs Laws —
Payne of New York.
Internal Revenue — Evans of Kentucky.
Public Debt— Dalzell of Pennsylvania.
Commercial Treaties — Hopkins of Illi
nois.
Miscellaneous Subjects — Grosvenor of
Ohio. ■
TO PROTECT THE POOR
Bowers Argues the Bill for a
Postal Savings
Bank.
Denounces Men of Money Who Have
Grabbed Up the Earnings
of Labor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.-Mr.
Lord, chairman on Postoffices and Post
roads, organized his committee to-day,
and I3ower3 of California appeared before
it to advocate his postal savings bank bill.
He argued that the main purpose of the
bill was to provide a place where "com
mon people," the wageworkers, could de
posit such of their small earnings and
savings as they could spare and be sure of
recovering them when wanted. He said
that nineteen-twentieths of the people of
the United States were wageworkers and
producers who created all the wealth.
The one-twentieth consisted of commis
sion men, generally erroneously called
business men, who produced nothing, but
lived and often grew rich by appropriating
either legally or illegally, honestly or dis
honestly, small earnings and Bavings of
common people.
From every part of the country comes
the demand for the postal savings system.
It is only opposed by commission men —
the so-called business men — bankers and
speculators, whose business it is to absorb
these small savings and earnings without
giving value received.
'•We hear much about the business in
ests of the country and what business men
(in plain English, the commission men)
demand in every measure that comes be
fore Congress, and from my observations
nineteen-twentieths of legislation by Con
gress is in the interest of commission men
and only one-twentieth for the common
people."
He referred to the numberless failures of
savings banks and deliberate stealing of
aaving3 of wage-earners by so-called sav
ings banks connected with National banks,
which, in most cases, were mere slop
buckets or waste-baskets into which Na
tional banks dumped their waste papers.
He alluded to the "rotten savings banks
at San Diego, through which hundreds of
laborers, men and women, lost all their
savings, yet men who took their money, in
many cases their all, and deliberated
robbed them, go unpunished and are ih
comfortable circumstances." It is to pro
tect paople from such robbery that some
such a measure as this should be adopted.
Bowers' bill wus referred to a sub-com
mittee and the Postoffice Department will
be asked to report upon it.
Apollinaris
■THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Supplied under Royal Warrants tc
Her Majesty the Queen of England,
and to His Royal Highness the Frinci
of Wales.
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco.
REPRESENTING
Cbarles Graef & Co., N. V., for Mineral Water.
TO REFORM THE LAWS
Senator Perkins Proposes to
Encourage Settlers in
Alaska.
PROVISIONS OF HIS BILL.
The Irregularity in the Way of
Securing Land Patents to
Be Obviated.
INDUSTRIES TO BE DEVELOPED.
Cattle-Growing Expected to Become a
Great Feature of the Northern
Land.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 7.— A bill
introduced by Senator Perkins to-day is
calculated to completely reform the land
laws of Alaska. The Senator in explana
tion of his bill said to a Call corre
spondent:
"It will enable firms and individuals,
who have landed interests in Alaska, to
secure patents from the Government on
claims to land winch have been taken up
in such places and in such forms as best
suited the purposes of their business, but
to which there has bten a difficulty in se
curing title. The provisions of the present
law also render it very hard, and in some
cases practically impossible, to secure the
evidence necessary to secure a title. My
bill provides that a claim shall include all
improvement, made by the claimant, pro
vided that not more than ltjO acres are in
cluded. The land in question may be,
and often is, very irrecular in shape on ac
count of these improvements, which were
made according to exigencies of the busi
ness transacted.
"This irregularity has hitherto stood in
the way of securing patents from the
Government, but it is recognized and
allowed by the new bill. Canneries and
other enterprises are particularly affected,
as it has been necessary to place their
buildings wherever they were needed,
without reference to the sauare form of
the Government survey.
"The present law compels claimants and
their witnesses to visit Sitka in* order to
make finaJ proof. This has been a very
great hardship, for claimants and wit
nesses are at Portland, San Francisco and
other points in California, and even in the
East. A journey to the neighborhood of
the north pole is, therefore, a hardship,
and has materially interfered with secur
ing patents to Alaska lands. The bill pro
vides that testimony may be taken
wherever and when witnesses may be
conveniently found, but it is provided that
land officers anywhere may take and re
ceive testimony. The measure, moreover,
confirms all entries already made on
depositions taken outside of Alaska.
'•Deputy surveyors are given authority
to make surveys whenever on the ground,
and are requested to do so without com
municating with the office at Sitka or re
ceiving special instructions. They are also
empowered to do all work pending in the
locality. It is provided that depositions
shall be received if made at any time be
fore the deputy returns his survey. These
depositions may be applied to the pur
chase price and certificates of deposit
made transferable.
"A part of Alaska is well adapted to
stock purposes, provided sufficient acreage
is allowed. The ordinary agricultural
pursuits may not be profitable, but ani
mal raising may succeed. The bill en
courages the experiment. The district is
now practically a waste. If it can be util
ized by somo industry for profit to invest
ors, shipping or revenue, it is given se
curity by right to title.
"The islands are natural stock ranges,
and special privileges are given to persons
who will stock them with an adaptable
source of income. The coast westward of
Yahutat Bay is a succession of islands.
They should be devoted to some useful
purpose. It may be available to devote
them to animal raising, and encourage
ment is extended to the venturesome in
vestors.
"Alaska contains large areas of coal
lands. There is no law for acquisition of
title to them, and in the absence of some
law for their sale private capital is slow in
developing them. There is no special coal
■WEW TO-DAY.
Loss of Manhood.
pURED IN TWENTY DAYB DV DB. EDI-
SON'S ELECTRIC BELT AND VITALIZER
or money refunded,.- _.. .
It cures los 3 of sexual '»»^_ »-^ fi^^SlW
power, seminal loss at j&/ffm
stool or with urine; iti!>^i • v yhtim
stops nightly dreams \f 'vw'T^r
and loss of vitality, \ ( y^*~ N.
cures varicocele, rheu- \ \ *' ■ N\ >v
matism, kidney and ft •'"^ |i
bladder trouble. Dr. * _^9f*' f% »\
Edison's Electric Belt \jf^ '< ' »■/ Wffl\
and VlUH2er is Na- F / T ifW* \
tnre's remedy. They \{j/ \ 2/
give new life to weak- <^ vU^isd^i^^
ened organs. The cur- =s|^ K2i£^7Trik\
rent of Dr. Edison's rs^ y^rf)
Electric Belt Is felt In- I=3l^ \ 1 '/"if\pji
stantly upon appiica- Sgf|i|i*_i |N j\ \y&
tlon " » Wi
EDISON'S ELEC- OZZ%LJj i|k W.
TRIO BELT AND WZM&frl^
VITALIZER cured " *W*
me of nervous deDility in thirty days. My case was
a very bad one, and the effect and cure was simnlv
wonderful. W. M. HAWLE V, 711 Jones street. '
• From every part of the country come thankful
letters written by those who have been lifted into
vigorous health and strength by Dr. Kdlson's Elec-
tric Belt and Vitallzer. A bottle of Vltalizer sent
free. Send for circular. For sale by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
Drocgists. 214 K>arny street. San Froro's"n r-al.
BRUSHES f>OR BARBEH3, BAK-
ATM, flonrmilla, foundries' Uundrtes. dT2S
kantere, printers, painters, shoe factorie* ttmhiZ
men. t«-roof..^ , uomm, taiion, «a^ ** * t * k>1 *
Krnsh Manafßoture^eog Sacrim.nt oSU
flßr.Oibbon'sDispellsa^T,
y NOTARY PUBLIC.
Kit* «*«&8 - i8»»ft °«
land act that seems applicable, and the
bill provides that they may be secured at a
price not greater than for goldquartz vein
or for any other public lands."
GXJyi>S OUT SHOTS RAP JULY.
A. Xrtc Machine Oun for the Use of
Xaval Slii/is.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 7.— A Tribune
special from Washington says: A new
machine gun has been adopted for the use
on naval ships which the small arms board
reports to be the most destructive weapon
firing a bullet of its caliber yet found.
The gun has a record of 420 shot 3 a min
ute and requires no work except the pres
sure of an electric button to maintain the
terrific tir e f the automatic system having
been applied to it.
The gun is a self-feeder and grinds out
shots with the rapidity that would make
it a most dangerous place for landing par
ties. As compared to the Galling, which
has been the naval machine gun for years,
it is just about as superior as the modern
rifled gun is to the old smoothbore.
The Gatling has a weight of 350 pounds,
while the new gun weighs only thirty-five
pounds, and can be taken by a man on his
shoulder and easily carried from point to
pom t.
TO COys>lT>Eß A-tTltOPItlATlOas.
Chairman Cannon Appoints the Sub
committees.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.-Chair
man Cannon to-day announced the ap
pointment of the following suo-committees
of the Committee on Appropriations:
Sundry Civil— Cannon, Hainer, W. A.
Stone, Savers. Layton.
Legislative— Binghani, McCall, Hemen
way, Dockery, Robertson.
Fortifications— Hainer, Grout, Hemen
way, Livingston, Bartlett.
Pensions— W. A. Stone. Blue, Northway,
Robertson, Lay (on.
Deficiency — Cannon, Northway, Arnold,
Savers, Livingston.
Permanent Appropriations — Arnold,
Bingham, Pitney, Bartlett, Livingston.
For the Debris t'omtninsicn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: Members of the
California Debris Commission — Colonel
Charles R. Suter, Major 0. E. L. B. Davis,
Captain C. E. Gillette, Corps ol Engineers.
Lieutenant-Colonel William Hire King
of the Corps of Engineers to be a member
of the Missouri River Committee.
Pensions for CnUfornians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The fol
lowing pensions have been issued to bene
ficiaries in California: Original — George
Stanley, Veterans' Home, Napa; James S.
Cain, French Camp, San Jo-quin County;
Rufus Doxtater, Uno, El Dorado County.
Xfiral Men JVot Alarmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7. — Navy
Department officers are not alarmed at
reDorts concerning the overdue Baltimore.
She was ordered to stop at Yokohama, and
if she stayed there one week would not be
overdue now.
- NEW TO-DAT.
QpfCps
P~
WILL IT «_TO THIS ?
— — — — '
If it does, we'll make a virtue of neces-
sity and have the garments in stock before
other stores are even "on."
But the present even extreme styles, aa
shown in the fine garments of Brokaw
Brothers and|Rogers, I'eet & Co., of New
York, have nothing funny about them.
They are tasty and graceful.
We are sole agenta for Pacific Coast.
Cutaways, Full Dress Tuxedos. Ulsters, etc
Suits and Overcoats, $10 and up.
. Write us about "How to order by mail."
$3.50.
The truth Is often so strange that
|' s "°f as easily believed aa plaus-
ible falsehoods; yet
Tills SHOE -the very latest
■bape, In llnest French kid. hand-
sewed soles, sell 3 actually a 8« 60
on Market and Kearny. Even hlith-
rent stores mi?ht ask'a little lesl
south of Market means love prices-
[^Market mea bi trade-ane
SULLIVAN'S
18-22 FOURTH ST.
Telephone "Black 1121."
People out of town need our big catalogue.
DON'T PAY
8 ? f or K ?4 " for an Electric
VB9i3[fH
•tttii'tt - 1 li -f t(^t. b. Has cuirent
/^aKK^EJ .austfm-
VV> " provements. pamn h l « ►
Sacramento street. San FmncUc"o. ctl. S ° X> 704
Weak Men and Women
Btrengiu to tUe Sexual ?S!§m. gIVM Heallh aodREDWOOD'S BIG SUIT
The Potter Removal Case
May Be Reopened at
Once.
NEW EVIDENCE FOUND.
Miller & Lux Check Given to
a San Francisco Woman
by the Executor.
SHE REFUTES HIS TESTIMONY.
He Had Sworn That a Ranch Employe
Received and Cashed the
Draft.
REDWOon CITY, Cat.., Jan. 7.-The
BUil for the removal of Jesse Sheldon Pot
i executor of the Charles Lux estate
■was closed al>out a month ago, and since
that time the decision of Superior Judge
Buck ha 3 been looked forward to with con
siderable interest. There were many spec
ulations as to just when the ruling might
be expected, although from the very be
ginning Judge Back has held that he
would be in no hurry about it. It now
transpires that the case may be reopened
if circumstance? demand such a course.
A fen- days ago, on application of I>. M.
Delmas and 1. H. Cam7.be 1 !. attorneys for
petitioners in the suit to remove Potter,
Buck permitted depositions to be
taken in Ban Fran cisco collaterally and
simultaneously with the depositions taken
in the case of Miranda W. Lux, deceased.
It is said that E. S. PiJlsbury, of counsel
tter, came to R Iwood City the next
day and labored long and earnestly with
Judge Buck to induce him to recall his
permission to take ;■ stimony in San Fran
cisco, urging that the case had been duly
closed and 1 should not be reopened. But
Judge Buck was proof against Attorney
ary's eloquence, and the taking of
deposil "ded.
Yesterday County Clerk J. F. Johnston
of R v was summoned to San
Iran* isi o and was called upon to produce
the check fi $8 i :iwn by Jesse Potter
on the firm of Miller & Lux in favor of
Brown or order, and indorsed "E.
That check was an exhibit
in the recent trial against Potter to cause
hi? removal as executor of the Charles
In the recent trial Potter tes-
John Brov.n was a roustabout
at Baden, and that Brown after
■ into the interior and returned
nt of the check by a cash remit
t throu h Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
?. The testimony yesterday, how
- said to conflict materially with the
Li Potter told on the trial. It was
effect that a woman witness testified
Potter was on a visit to her house in
rancisco, where lie called for pen and
ink and drew the check, telling her not to
present it in person, whereupon she got E.
>and to indorse it, and the check was
m ird i asbed by Miller <t Lux.
fa believed that, this testimony is a
Eerious blow to Potter's chances for a
favorable decision in the removal suit.
For two or three days there has been a
noticeable flitting to and fro of the vari
ous parties interested in the outcome of
the litigation, and there is a vague whis
pering in Potter-Lux-Miller circles that
the speedy resignation of Jesse Potter is
the most piobable solution of the whole
<>:i several occasions during the recent
removal suit Attorney Pillsbury main
tained that the attempt was being made
t ion to draw from Defend
imony to feed the Miranda
litigation. The situation to-day is,
mat testimony brought out in the Mi-
Lux matter may also be doubled up
on Potter to try and accomplish his down
fall.
THE WINE FLOWED.
Stories of Jesse Potter's Revelry
Told by Mrs. Sadie Young
In Affidavits.
When the Lux <fc Miller case is re
opened Mrs. Sadie Young will be the cen
tral figure in it. She and others have
isworn to affidavits and produced account
books to show that early in 1803 Jesse
. the son of Mrs. Lux, deceased,
spent big sums of monpy with her for
trine and lived very rapidly.
Mr«. Young i<= the proprietress of a
house at 317 Stockton street, of whose
ition there can be jio doubt. At the
time Mr. Potter was such a valuable cus
tbmer to her she was living with other
women at 205 Post street.
There will be other affidavits. They are
merely of value in corroborating Mrs.
Young's story. All of them are upon that
one particular question.
According to Mrs. Young, Mr. Potter
called "f;en at her house. Sometimes he
came aione. but oft?ner with friends. He
was alv.ays lavish in his expenditures and
wine invariably flowed even faster than
water. And though Mrs. Young does not
pay whether she had a license to sell liquor
ornot he invariably made a little memo
randum of the number of bottles used.
Thes^e memoranda made ut> a part of a
set of very simple books. When the ac
counts amounted to several hundred dol
lars she would make out a little bill and
get her money. Mr. Potter's last little bill
amounted to $800.
lie paid this graciously enough. The
check lie gpve her was for $800. It was
made payable to bear?r and was honored
upon presentation. This was early in
1593.
Nothing more was said of this till about a
month aj;o. Then, she says,three detectives,
one of whom was Ross Whittaker, went to
her house and questioned her. They learned
about the amount of wine Mr. Potter had
paid for and she had then been called on
.to testify.
Mrs. M. Howarth, the housekeeper for
Mrs. Sadie Young, swore to Mr. Potter's
frequent daita to the house and his win«
buying propensities. She had taken the
check for $SOO around the corner to Ed
Marcband, the restaurateur. Mr. Mar
cband cashed it and gave her the money,
which she took to her residence.
Mr. Marchand made affidavit to cashing
thecfa ck. The paving-teller of the bank
made affidavit to having received it. The
jheck itsel! is in evidence, so there cs»n be
t... doubt as to Mr. Potter having incurred
fca indebtedness to Mrs. Young and set
tling it.
There can be but one purpose in prepar
ing this mass of aliidavits. It would be to
kfaow that Mr. Potter was careless of
money, prodigal in his expenditures and a
companion of dissolute women. There has
been no indication a;> to how Mr. Potter's
attorneys will meet these charges in order
to prevent his being deposed from his posi
tion.
I'rt.t hi >n<t 's Sninnlion.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 7.-Harry H.
Haynard was arrested iiere to-day on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
This is the outcome of the sensational
shooting of Winnie Gossage on the Lake
ville road several weeks ago. Maynard
entered a plea of noi guilty and furnished
$000 baih »••»..
FASADiWA'S JIOMASCE.
Crimea Confessed by n young Man Re
cently Converted.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 7.-The
members of the South Pasadena Baptist
Church, who had assembled at a prayer
meeting last evening, were astonished
when a young man, who had recently ex
perienced religion and who vas a general
favorite in the church, arose and stated
that he hud a startling confession to make.
The young man had appeared in Pasa
dena about two months ago, giving his
name as Charles Crawford. He secured
employment in a store, ana became an at
tendant and then a convert in the First
Baptist Church.
h\ beginning his confession, the convert
said thai his true name was Albert Diffen
derfer, and this parents lived at Lan
caster, Pa.
"In April, 1894." said he. "I was sen
tenced to the Reform School at Hunting
ton, Pa., for a period of four years. I was
convicted on three different charges of
grand iarceny, and there is now banging
over my head another charge of forcible
entry, which means burglary in this State.
'After being in the reformatory for one
year I was paroled on account of my good
behavior and influence brought lo bear by
my fattier, who is a merchant in Lancas
ter. I was obliged to report only at cer-
rHE EVENING SCENE AT TUE CARNIVAL PALACE IN TRUCKEE. WITH THE ELECTRIC ILLUMINATION OF THE
ICICLED CORRIDOR.
[Frotn a sketch made by a "Call" staff arti.it.}
tain intervals to the superintendent of the
reformatory.
"I wanted to lead a better life and
wanted to get away from the scenes of my
crimes and so resolved to run away, which
I did, thereby forfeiting my parole, and I
have now three years to serve besides the
charge of forcible entry."'
The youns; man arrived at the Sheriff's
ofiici' early this morning in company with
Mr. Mciteynolds. The story was related to
Sheriff Burr, and he at once telegraphed to
Huntingion in regard to the matter.
FLAGSTAFF'S WAR SCARE
Startling Rumors of a Navajo
Uprising Prove to Have Been
Exaggerated.
The Posse Sent to Rescue Settlers
Fails to Find Evidence of Se-
rious Trouble.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Jan. 7.-The
startling rumor last night of an uprising
of the Navajo Indians proves to have been
exaggerated. A cowboy had ridden into
Flagstaff at a breakneck speed and an
nounced that a band of twenty-five rene
gade Navajos had a number of white
settlers surrounded at a place about forty
miles distant and that relief must be sent
immediately. The Sheriff of the county,
with a strc ng posse, left for the scene of
the trouble at once, but a messenger who
came in from the part}' to-day reports
that the difficulty was but a slight one.
While there is some trouble between a few
of the Indians and the white settlers in
the immediate vicinity of the reservation
in regard to the right of the Indians to
graze their sheep on the public lands, there
is no general uprising of the Navajos or a
threat of one.
The Navajos number about 25.000, and if
they should go to war with the whites
they would cause serious trouble, for they
are all well armed. Roving banns occa
sionally commit depredations upon iso
lated settlers, as in this case, but the
Indians have too much property at stake
to co upon [,ip tvarpatb as a tribe.
It has been learned that a small band of
Nnvajor, captured three cowboys who dis
puted the grazing right of the Indians.
They were probably released before the
Flagstaff posse arrived.
ARGVEIt AT MADERA.
Cattle King Henry Miller Serka to liii-
Holve. an Injunction.
MADERA, CAU, Jan. 7.— The case of
Kutner & Huffman against Henry Miller
came up in the Superior Court here to-ciay
on a motion by the defendant to dissolve
the injunction. The ground upon which
Miller relied in suppor. of his motion is
that the injunction was irregularly issued,
inasmuch as where there was nogreat or
irreparable damage threatened a suit for
trespass and damage was the proper ac
tion. The matter was taken under advise
ment by Jud^e Conley.
Flaw of the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 7.— The
gold reserve at the close of business to-day
stood at $58,685,710.
TRE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
GUESTS OF TRUCKEE
Nevada's Contingent Comes
on a Special Train
From Reno.
TRIP TO DONNER LAKE.
Visitors Treated to a Sleigh Ride
and a Tournament on
the Ice.
PLANNING FOR THE FUTURE.
Success of the Carnival Leads to a
Scheme for a Permanent
Winter Resort.
TRUCKEE, Cat-., Jan. 7.— An excursion
train from Reno brought 150 carnival vis-
itors to-day, and the town has been given
up to the Nevada people. The Truckee
brass band met the excursionists at the
depot and led the way through the ice
palace, then giving a concert at the top
of tiie tobogrian-slide, while the guests
crowded on the Canadian sleds for the trip
through space.
After noon a sleighing party was made
up, and all the. Reno people were taken to
Douner Lake and the big ice pond, where
there is a skating surface of twenty-five
acres. Then there was more skating on
the ponds in town and at the ice palace,
for the residents of Reno are expert on the
steel runners.
The evening was devoted to the usual
sports of the carnival, and there were a
few social events about town. Another
excursion is expected from the eastward
on Friday, and it is understood here that
a big party will come from Sacramento on
Sunday, when a round trip rate of about
$5 will be offered at the capital city.
The weather here has been rather mild
for an ice carnival during the past two
days, and a heavy snowstorm is predicted
by local weather prophets.
There was some excitement in the town j
to-night over the news that six of the men |
employed in cutting ice at the Truckeo |
meadows had been poisoned. These em
ployes were at the big boarding-house on !
the lake, and it is supposed that the '
poison was contained in canned food. ']
Some of the men were seriously ill, and
when the symptoms were discovered there i
was not a physician within three miles of 1
the place, but it is expected that none of
A CARNIVAL SCENE ON THE THICKEE MEADOWS, NOW COVERED WITH ICE, THE WOODEN CROSS SHOWING
WHERE THE MURPHY CABIN STOOD IN THE DONNER PARTY DAYS.
[Sketched yesterday by a " Call " staff artist.]
the cases will be fatal. This is the only '
unusual incident that has occurred during
the carnival.
Following The Call's suggestion, the j
carnival managers have fenced off the |
level portion of the toboggan way from ]
the route of the coasters. The double-rip- '
pers now have to make a sharp turn or go i
through the fence, and that makes the
sport ail the better for the boys.
Two large sleighing parties came in
from Prosser Creek this evening. It is
estimated that there are from 400 to 500 j
carnival guests here, and the residents are j
jubilant over this early indication of the |
success of the enterprise.
There is iittle doubt that before the end '
of the month all the visitors that the town )
can accommodate will be here. In view \
of the popularity of the winter sport and
the assurance that these carnivals will be
annual features, there is already talk of
greatly enlarging the hotel facilities, and
it is not improbable that a new hotel will
be built in this vicinity especially for a
winter resort. An endeavor will be made
to have the railroad company grant stop
over privileges on all classes of tickets
durinc the carnival time next year.
"The carnival is certainly goin^ to be a
success," said Charles P. McGlashan of
the carnival committee to-day. "It is a
success already. This is the first year of
the enterprise, and of course, it is not easy
to get people started toward a new lield of
amusement. But the people of Truckee
are satisfied with the undertaking. The
directors do not expect that Eastern tour-
j ists will come here in any great numbers,
■ except that those who travel this way may
, stop over for a few hours.
"The main patronage is expected from
the people of California and Nevada. To
the Easterners an ice carnival is not the
greatest attraction.
"It. is argued that the trip over the sum
mit of the Sierras and the sport here avail
able ought to be experienced by every Cali
fornia, and that the health benefits to be
derived from the athletic exercises in the
cold and rarefied air will be a great factor
in establishing the popularity of the car
nivals."
SANTA BARBARA'S FETE.
State Firemen to Be Honored Guests at
the Coming Carnival of
Roses.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 7.— The
Flower Festival Association is arranging
Its programme for the forthcoming spring
festival, to be held on April 13, 14, 15 and
16, and a succession of charming and
brilliant spectacles is promised, far ex
ceeding both in scope and attraction those
of any previous festival here.
A.n important feauture to be incorporated
with the great fete this year will be the
tournament of the Southern California
Association of Volunteer Firemen, which
has selected Santa Barbara for its place of
meeting this year, because of this city's
great liberality in the matter of prizes.
This tournament, lasting four days, will
be coincident with the flower festival, and
will be given prominence in connection
with it, the free use of the tribunes being
conceded the visiting association on all
but, the floral procession day.
The firemen's programme is made out,
and will consist of running contests for
hose companies; department horserace;
a wet run, embracing runs to hydrants,
connection of and operation of hose, hose
disconnections, transfers of hose and of
hose sections; connection with pipe and
sacond operation of hos. There will also
be hook ana ladder contest, single ladder
contest, coupling contests and hub-and
hub races, concluding with a ceneral field
day of athletic sports on Saturday, the
closing day.
No professional fireman will be permitted
to compete, and, as these volunteers are a
splendid body of men, numbering some of
the finest athletes in the State, the tourna
ment promises to be a notable one.
The local volunteer corps, to whose
enterprise and intercession the city is
largely indebted for the arrangement
which has secured this meet, has on their
own part extended an invitation to the
Exempt San Francisco firemen, the vet
eran organization of the State, to attend
the carnival as its honored guests.
CL 0 VERDALE'S FAIR.
Dates for the Annual Exhibit of Citrus Fruits
and Wines Announced by iha
Directors.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jan. 7.— The
Cloverdale Citrus Fair Association will
hold its fourth annual exhibition at Hum
bert's Pavilion on January 29, 30 and 31.
This was decided at a meeting of the board
of directors — John Field (president), W.
T. Brush, M. Menihan, George B. Baer, F.
W. Brush and C. E. Humbert — last night.
The citrus fair this year will be more
than a local affair. The whole of Sonoma
County is taking a lively interest in it al
ready and displays by the several towns in
the county will form interesting features
of the exhibition. Among the displays
will be Sonoma County wines, famous all
over the world. Of course everything will
be subordinate to the citrus fruit displays,
which will this year equal anything of the
kind seen at the Midwinter Fair.
Fear is entertained that the pavilion will
not be large enough to hold all the dis
plays; stili those that it will contain will
be worth coming miles to see.
The orange crop this year around Clover
dale is thrice that of last year, and the
fruit is large in size and luscious in taste.
Tiees are loaded to the ground with both
oranges and lemons.
TACOMA I.IHEL SUIT.
Evidrnce in the Mineola- Strathnevis Suit
Taken.
TACOMA, \\ r A?n., Jan. 7.— The examina
tion of witnesses in behalf of the steamship
Mineola, libelant of the steamer Strath
nevis, was continued to-day before United
States Commissioner Worden. ' The evi
dence was ait in by noon, allowing the
steamer Mineola to depart for Honolulu.
The salvage claim of the Mineola is $150
--000. The case will be tried here during
the February term of court.
SAN RAFAEL ROMANCE
Miss Ellen Gable Brings
Suit Against Her
Fiance.
ACCUSATIONS OF FRAUD.
The Time- Worn Tale of Faith
less Suitor and Trusting
Maid Retold.
HE SECURED ALL HER MONEY.
Forgot His Promise to Marry After
She Had No More Gold
to Give.
SAN RAFAEL, Cat,., Jan. 7.— A de
cidedly interesting and what promises to
be a highly sensational suit has been filed
with the County Clerk of Marin County,
in which Miss Ellen Gable, living in the
northern part of the county, is plaintiff,
and Hugh McCormick and E. R. Samu^ Is
are named as defendants. Miss Gable ac
cuses Hugh McCormick, assisted by E. R.
Samuels, of defrauding her out of over
$2000. In the complaint she sets forth the
oit- repeated tale of the faithless suitor and
a trusting maiden. The parties to the ac
tion are well known in the northern part
of the county, where they reside.
Some time ago Ellen Gable bestowed her
affections upon Hugh McCormick, who
was apparently a hard-working sort of
fellow, and he in turn appeared to love the
fair Ellen. After they had been keening
company for some time he promised to
marry her, but said at the time that he
was hardly prepared to do so from a finan
cial standpoint and represented to Miss
Gable that he needed at least $2000 to fix
up his farm and build a house in which
they could live together as man and wife.
Miss Gable possessed some means and,
trusting him implicitly, readily advanced
the money he needed. In all, so she sets
forth in her complaint, she advanced $2100,
believing that he would marry her. All
this occurred in 1804, and he lias not mar
ried Miss Gable and refuses to give up the
$2100.
The plaintiff further alleges that De
fendant E. It. Samuels, whom she has
made a party to the case, has colluded with
McCormick in order to defraud her out of
the money she advanced to McCormick.
She charges that on October 15, 1895, Mc-
Cormick, without any consideration, exe
cuted and delivered to Samuels a mortgage
on his property to secure a promissory
note executed by him to Samuels on the
same day for the sum of $2100, with in
terest at 8 per cent. This was done, she
declares, to defraud her, and she wants
relief from the court.
Miss Gable is determined to fight the
case to the bitter end, as she considers
that McCormick has treated her in an
outrageous manner.
PALO ALTO EVENTS.
University Orators Seemingly Not Anxious
to Enter the Intercollegiate
Contest.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
7. — Students are busy now getting ready
for a long semester's work. With but one
week's recess at Easter, there will be no
further break in university instruction for
nearly five months, when the iong sum
mer vacation begins.
The postponement of the Stanford suit
was a disappointment to the students,
all of whom have the university's inter
ests at heart, and are desirous of seeing a
vexatious litigation brought to an end.
No appointment has been made to the
vacancy caused by Professor Hussey's de
parture for Lick Observatory, ana it is not
likely that such appointment will be made
for some time.
The Daily Palo Alto this evening pub
NEW TO-DAT.
THE PRICE ON THE) fc
RETAILER'S SUIT OR Jl I C
OVERCOAT ) R O
OUR WHOLESALE? fA
MAKER'S PRICE ) %|? i U
THE SAVING TO YOU *fo C
This great difference holds
good throughout our vast stock
in every grade of goods.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon €:'•• Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush, and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
lished a letter from Mrs. Stanford, in
which she thanked those students who
saved the chemical laboratory from a ruin
ous fire during December.
From present indications it would seem
that Stanford will have a hard time select
ing her debaters to meet Berkeley in the
intercollegiate match. So large a number
of condidatea are dropping from the list
that there is anxiety felt lest Stanford be
unrepresented when time is called.
The debate next Saturday evening is the
first of a series of three. These six orators
take part: Nello.Tohnson'Wj. J.T. Burcham
"97 and W. P. Harrington '9ti for the affirm
ative, and A. M. Cathcart '96, G. L.Wil
liams ami Cecil Smith for the negative.
The question is: "Resolved, that United
States Senators should be elected by popu
lar vote."
'ifJtJSCX XEA.B I'UTALJjUP.
Freight Cars Ititched by the Breaking of
It! I .-).> If.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 7.— A Northern
Pacific coal train, heavily laden, from Car
bonado to Tacoma, was wrecked this after
noon in a big cut about half way between
Puyallup and the Indian Reservation
bridge.
No loss of life resulted, though th«
engine and fifteen or twenty cars were
ditched, being piled three and four deep
in places. The rails were torn up, some of
them being bent and twisted into every
imaginable shape.
Local trains between Seattle and Tacoma
have been abandoned, though the North
ern Pacific officials say th*y expect to get
the wreck sufficiently cleared and the
tracks relaid in time for the regular Port
lr"rj train, due at 6:50 o'clock, to reach
Seattle j\ midnight.
The cause of the accident was the break
ing of an axle on one of the cars about
the middle of the train, in which there
were thirty or forty cars. All the cars fol
lowing were ditched and both rails of the
track were torn up by the dragging axle
for a distance of nearly a half mile.
SANTA CRUZ SENSATION.
August C. Hihn Fined by Judge
Logan for Contempt of
Court.
He Had Ignored an Order to Produce
a Lease Wanted as Evi-
dence.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 7.— Angnst C.
Hihn, president of the P. A. Hihn Com
pany, was to-day adjudged guilty of con
tempt of court and ordered to pay a fine of
$100 or serve fifty days in the county jail.
The case of Hoffman vs. F. A. Hihn has
been in court for the past few days, and in
the proceedings it was ordered yesterday
that the Hihn Company produce a lease of
the Pacific Ocean House, which was to be
used as evidence by the plaintiffs, who
wished to prove that the defendant received
$500 which had never been accounted for.
It was ordered by the court that the lease
be brought into court at 10 o'clock this
morning. When the case was called this
morning the Jease had not been handed in
j and a half hour more was given for its pro-
I duction. August Hihn went upon the
I witness-stand and was examined. When
1 the half hour was uv the lease was not
| forthcoming, and then Judge Logan said:
"Yesterday I made an order "that the
1 lease should be produced in court at 10
o'clock to-day, and I am of the opinion
j from the evidence that it is under ttie con-
I trolof the witness on the stand, and that
Ihe can produce it. If not his attorney can.
The witness is in contempt of this court,
and is lined $100 or fifty days in tne
county jail, or PI for every day."
The commitment was drawn and served
jon Mr. Hihn by Sheriff Besse. This after
i noon the line of $100 was paid and the
| lease was delivered in court.
JLlk* JLnunch a lloneburg T.odat.
ROSEBURG, Or., Jan. 7. — Roseburg
Lodge No. 326, B. P. O. Elks, was insti
tuted to-day with fifty charter members.
A special car from Portland brought forty
seven Elks, who were met by a committee
accompanied by the Knights of Pythias
Band and escorted to Headquarters. The
day was spent in organizing and initiating.
To-night a grand banquet was held in Oad
Fellows' Hall. This is the fifth lodge in
the State.
Fined for JZotedyittn.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Jan. 7.— Thomas
H viand was sentenced this morning by
Judce Craighill to pay a fine of $90 or
serve ninety days in the county jail, for
disturbing the Salvation Army.
34
NEWS OF STOCKTON
Rancher Hulmquist Robbed
by a Turners Landing
Footpad.
TYSON GIVEN FREEDOM.
The Slayer of Deputy Sheriff
Buzzell Acquitted by
a Jury.
VICTORY FOR BOOKMAKERS.
Heavy Reduction in Poolselling Li
censes Ordered by County
Supervisors.
BTOCKTON, Cai.., Jan. 7.— N. R. Hulm
quist. a wealthy rancher near Turners
Landing, was parroted and robbed at that
place shortly after 4 o'cl >6k this morning.
Hulmquist is quite wealthy and spends
most ol his tune in San Francisco, leaving
his ranch in charge of his foreman, John
Nelson. He had with him this morning
about |200 when he started to go from
Turners Landing to his house, and before
he bad proceeded far he was felied by a blow
irom behind.
His assailant, who was a large man,
then choked Halmquist into insensibility,
after winch he relieved him of his money.
The rancher was badly beaten about the
head and chest, besides being choked, the
bruises indicating that the robber had
kicked him aftei felling him to the ground.
A. former employe, who was discharged
a '-jior: time ago, and who was posted as
to the visits of the proprietor of the place,
is suspected of the crime.
Jr.so.v GOBS FREE.
Acquitted of the Murder of Deputy Sheriff
Jluzzell.
STOCKTON, Cau, Jan. 7.— Henry J.
Tyson, who shot and killed Deputy Sheriff
Buzzeli on Thanksgiving night at the Me-
Cormick ranch, while resisting overotli
cious conduct on the part of tbe officer, was
to-day acquitted of the charge of murder.
The trial was one of the shortest in the
history oi San Joaquin County. It was
begun at 10 o'clock this morning and went
to th° jury shortly after 4 o'clock. The
jury -a* out only eight minute?.
Deputy Sheriff Buzzeli was one of the
most popular officer* in the county, but
his conduct in the affray in which he iost
his life was not in keeping with hi- pre
vious good record. He was engaged with
out proper authority with others in trying
to eject Tyson and his boys from a ranch
during a stormy sight and in attempting
to show his authority drew his gun on tbe
wrong man. lie bad Bred two nots at
Tyson before the latter replied wil x a latai
ball.
The trial was a mere formality, as the
State made no especial effort to convict
tbe prisoner.
POOLS hLL BBS TJtIUMPn.
Zicji TiOtt/ered by .San Joaquin County
J>ui>crcisors.
STOCKTON, ('-1., Jan. 7.— The Board
of Super isors to-day passed an amend
ment to the county license ordinance, low
ering the tax on bookmaking and pool
selling from $15 a day to |75 a month. The
poolroom men made a bard light before
the board and Sheriff Cunningham was
active against the reduction. The rijrbt in
the board to-day lasted nearly all the
afternoon. The vote in favor of a reduc
tion stood: Ayes— Brown. Hemphill and
Shepherd; noes — Henderson and Carson.
£XPIREIt IS A HACK.
Suddm Death of 6ummel 11. Levy Froyn
Henri lii.im.ir.
BTOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 7.— Samuel If.
Levy, the wealthy tabacconist, died this
even Ins; In a hack while bein? conveyed to
his home. He w.is taken ill at his place of
business, and, callinp a hack, start.
home. He was a sufferer from heart di>
ease. Mr. Levy carried a heavy life insur
ance and at one time had a princely for
tune.
SANTA CLARA'S PRODUCTS.
Heavy Increase in Shipments
From San Jose During the
Past Season.
Overland Output Nearly 5,000,000
Pounds Greater Than in the
Previous Year.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 7.— That the past
year has been a prosperous one for Santa
Clara County is best evidenced by the
overland freight shipments from this city,
an increase of nearly 5,000,000 pounds over
the year 1894 being shown. The total
shipments for the year 1895 amounted to
111,410,475 pounds, against 108,950,215 for
1894; 97,751,2»J5 for LB9S, 76.573.7G5 for 1892,
and 63,640.675 for 1891. The increase of
last year's shipments over those of 1894
was 4,459,760 pounds, and over those of
1891. 47,769,800 pounds, or nearly double.
The following table shows the overland
shipments of Santa. Clara County prod
ucts during the years 1894 and lS!»f>, an in
crease of 4,459,660 {oun.ls during 1595:
r, . 1894. 1895
CaniiPt! sco.U 20,766.910 3M.0-W 7 no
Green frail h,0M,256 20866880
DrieU pnmes 25.- 04.4-.-O 4 4.9 M.305
l>ri,<l p-ach.- 2.490.900 8.424,205
Drlod apricots 1,976.890 3,871,665
Dried pears 4JX315 390 980
Dried ptnma tOA,BM) ft»;flB
Dn«d raisins 73.8t55 5:4 0411
Other dried fruits 218.:UO 2140!r
Win* • 19.6M.V.1M 19.15210-/0
Garden seed 834.925 734 5i!5
*fV a! ier • 81j:740 1,099.655
>, Vo ° > 211.220 118..V20
»* ans 152,200 710250 1
g e<r 608,833 B4JLHOS
Potatoes 345.110 99091)
Almonds 108,7*0 170660
Powder L 99.485 94 740
Graiwjuice 'J-8.7-J0
Barley 516,070 """"*
Bituminous rock 911,050
Miscellaneous 437.215 45718*75
Total 106,950/715 111,410,375
The overland shipments during the Dast
week footed up 834,620 pounds, the prin
cipal shipments bein?: Canned goods,
262,800 pounds; dried prunes. 141,120
--dried apricots, 107.720; wine and brandy
292,250; beans, 25,720. ' '
UEMES ALL CHARGES.
Ex- County Clerk Hori»a'» -Initrrr to the
County's Sttit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 7.— Ex-County
Clerk S. W. Boring and his bondsmen to
day tiled their answer to the suit broueht
by the county of Santa Clara against them
to recover $;;H, r >;i (Jo, alleged to be due the
county ior fees uncollected by Boring
during his term of office from January 3,
1893, to January 7, 189f>, and for the
further sum of $256 60, alleged to have
been collected and not accounted for.
The answer consists of a general denial of
the charges and questions the scope of the
bonds. A demand is also made for an i
itemized copy of the sums alleged to havo
been collected and not turned over.
SVED BY A PHYSICIAN.
Action Hrought Against One of the Tread-
:vU Hrir.i.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 7.— Dr. G. W.
Beifert to-day began suit in Justice
Dwyer's court against Joseph F. Nolan
and Maud Nolan to recover $150 alleged to
be due for professional services rendered
M;iud Nolan between February, 1894, and
January, 1896, and for $!» 75 on an assigned
claim from Paul Massom.
The suits attract moro than passing
notice as defendant Maud Nolan was
formerly Maud Treadwell, one of the
heirs of the late millionaire James Treid
well.
HELD J-OJtt Bl ROLAtil.
Conclusive Evidence to I'rove. the Charges
Ami in «t Siilvntore Kago.ta.
SAN JOSE, Cai... Jan. 7.— Salvatore Hu
gos a was examined befoie Justice Dwyer
this afternoon on a charge of robbing the
residence of W. C. Hamilton on the Los
Gatos road on October 3 last. The booty
taken consisted of a gold watch and wear
ins.' apparel valued at $100. The evidence
was conclusive and he was held to answer
before the Superior Court. Bail was fixed
at $10uu, in default of which he was sent
to jail.
Kagosa is also awaiting trial on a charge
of looting Van Suggs' residence near Al
ujadtn.
miss 2>xle>B uaxdwritisg.
A.n Expert Called Vpon to Tettify as to
<i Letter.
SAX JOSE. Cal., Jan. 7.— ln the $.50,000 I
damage suit of Jessie Pyle vs. E. Piercy |
to-day T. F. Morrison went upon the I
stand to testify as to the signature of a j
letter alleged to have been written by Miss j
Pyle. She denied that she wrote the letter, i
Witness thought the letter was in the same
handwriting ns that of letters conceded to
have been written by the young woman.
Mrs. Piercy, the mother of the defend
ant, testified that she had never seen the
plaintiff, introduced her to any one or re
ceived her in her home. Much timo is
being devoted to identifying and reading!
letters from plaintiff.
Xew Telephone Line.
SAN* JO^E, Cal., Jan. 7.— The board of
directors of the People's Telegraph and
Telephone Company, a new corporation,
met this evening and completed all ar
rangements for putting the local exchange
into operation. Poles are being delivered
in this city at the rate of five carloads per
day. The work of putting the poles into
place wil! commence next Monday. All
the cables, wires and supplies have been
ordered and it is expected that the ex
change will be ready for business by the
Ist of March.
ICrempt Firemen £lect Officers.
SAN JOBE, Cat.., Jan. 7.— At a meeting
of the Exempt Firemen last evening the
following officers were elected : President,
J). A. Leddy; vice-president, V. Humburg;
secretary. C. Wanipach; treasurer, F.
Erie; finance committee— J. A. Lotz,
Henry Seebach and Thomas Williams.
Twenty-three new members signed the
roll. A proposition to parade on February
22 was laid over until the next meeting.
CROCKER'S ARIZONA TRIP
Investigating the Feasibility of
Changing the Southern
Pacific's Route.
Trains Likely to Run Through Globe,
Goldfield and Phoenix to
Gila Bend.
PH CF.NIX, Ariz., Jan. 7.— Colonel C. F.
Crocker, vice-president of the Southern
Pacitic Railroad, accompanied by J. T.
Fassett, ex-Deputy Collector of the Port
of New York, will arrive here in his pri
vate oar to-morrow. To those who know
no bettor, it is given out that Colonel
Crocker has come here fcr a social time,
and tbat Mr. Fassett will be the guest of
Whitelaw Reid during his stay of one
week.
With ethers, however, this statement
carries little weight, for they are certain
that Colonel Crocker is here for the pur
rose of inquiring into the feasibility of
changing the route of the Southern Pacific
and to look over the ground.
This change, as stated in an article in
T11?: Call, contemplates the abandonment
of the present line from Bowie station to
• iila Bend, a distance of '2.(> miles, and a
change of route so that Southern Pacific
trains will run through Globe goldrield,
Florence and Phoenix to Gila Bend.
Borne time ago Francis Cutting and N.
K. Masten did just what Colonel Crocker
will now do; that is, they looKed over this
proposed route. After weighing the diffi
culties and advantages they returned to
San Francisco and reported, it is pre
sumed, favorably. It is to pass final de
cision upon this matter that Colonel
Crocker now visits Phoenix and the other
points most affected by the ""proposed
change. v:, •
While he is here. Colonel Crocker will
also receive the report of Colonel G. H.
Honshell, general superintendent of the
Maricopa, .Phoenix and Salt River Valley
Railroad, a part of the Southern Pacific
system, under whose direction a good deal
of canvassing, with a view to obtaining
the opinions of the heaviest shippers of
the towns runst effected, lias been done.
Tucson, the second largest city in the
Territory, has entered an energetic protest
"Kainst its abandonment, and it is to see
whether the other towns most interested
will appreciate to a sufficient extent ttie
favor the Southern Paciiic will confer upon
them, that calls Colonel Crocker hither.
TWO ELECTRIC FI.AXTS.
Fresno's Second Company Files Articles
of Incorporation.
FRESNO, Cat,., Jan. 7.-As noted in
this morning's Call, Fresno is to have
another electric plant. The second one is
to be located on Kings River, in the south
eastern part of the county, and will trans
mit power to Reedley, Sanger, Danube,
Visalia and other points in that vicinity.
The new company, which styles itself
tho Kings River Electric Power Company,
to-day tiled articles of incorporation with
the clerk of this county. The directors
are S. F. Earl and J. S. Jones of Reedley,
James Sibley of Danube and Charles D.
Wileox and W. H. Hammond of Visalia.
The capital stock of the company is $;VSO,
--000, all subscribed by live directors. The
object, as stated in the articles, is to de
velop electricity for lighting, power and
railway purposes.
OXtGQy JJEHOCJiAIS.
Officc-Holdrr* Srorrd at a Meeting of the
Central Committee.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 7.-The Demo
cratic State Central Committee met here
to-day and selected April 9 as the date for
holding the State Democratic Convention.
According to the apportionment there
will be 275 delegates in the convention.
The meeting assumed a lively aspect
when resolutions were passed condemning
Democratic office-holders for their polic3 r
in keening Republicans in office and ap
pointing Republicans to positions in the
Federal and local Government offices.
Other resolutions were passed declaring
for purer standards of Democracy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY «, 1896.
PORT ANGELES STRIFE
Mutiny Among Seamen on
the British Ship
Gifford.
RATIONS ARE CUT OFF.
Starvation the Captain's Weapon
to Quell the Uprising of
His Men.
WERE DECEIVED AND ROBBED.
A Tacoma Boarding-House Runner
Responsible for the
Trouble.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 7.— A
Call correspondent received information
this morning that there was mutiny among
the sailors on board the British four
masted ship Giffori, and that an effort
was being made by the officers to keep the
news from reaching the shore. The cor
respondent was refused permission to go
aboard, but the gruff English captain, who
was pacing his quarterdeck, acknowl
edged that he had twelve men imprisoned
in the forecastle. They bad refused to
work yesterday morning. When asked
what he intended to do in the matter the
captain replied that at present the men
were not getting anything to eat, and he
was oi the opinion that under such circum
stances they would soon be ready to work
again. No one has been allowed to go
ashore since the mutiny occurred, and the
captain is praying for good weather, so he
can put to sea, where further measures
will probably be used to subdue the men.
The trouble arose in Tacoma, where the
crew was shipped for England by a board
ing-house runner. The runner, accom
i panied by the sailors and the British Con
sul, boarded the ship and the seamen
signed the articles, supposing that iliey
would later on be permitted to go ashore
and bring off their clothing. This liberty,
however, was refused, but the runner
agreed to send the sailers' effects aboard.
Just before the ship sailed the men's
canvas bags and chests were sent out, but
instead of being filled with clothing they
were found to contain old grain sackß and
rubbish. One man had twelve ragged
vests in his bag, and another's wardrobe
consisted of ladies' undergarments. Nat-
J. F. COONAN, President.
urally the men were enraged, but thiß was
not their only complaint. The captain
paid the runner .S4O advance money for
each man, and this sum the boarding
house man appropriated to his own use,
altnough in some instances the men had
been with him only two days.
The captain contends that the trouble is
no fault of his, and consequently he will
force the men to perform their duty.
PORT AXOELES FLOODEB.
Damage Caused by Excessive Jtains and
Melting Snotcs.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 7.—With
in a tew hours last night 1.37 inches of
rain fell here, which, with the melting
snows in the mountains, turned the nu
merous streams in this vicinity into rag
ing torrents. Bridges are down in all i
parts of the county and many landslides j
nave done great damage. The creek
which runs down Valley street in this city
tore down bridges and sidewalks along its
course, and an unoccupied cottage was
landed on its side in the middle of the
stream. Residents along this stream were j
up all night, expecting to see their houses
washed out into the bay.
SAN BERNARDINO TANGLE.
Horticultural Commission Members Refuse
to Give Way to a Ntw
Appointee.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Jan. 7.—
Horticultural Commission affairs in this
county are badly mixed, ana a lively war
is looked for when it comes to determining
who is Commissioner.
The Board of Supervisors, acting under
the authority of the amendment passed
by the last Legislature, providing for a one
man commission, reduced the county
board from three to one, and for that one
put in a new man. The old Commis
sioners are to make a fight, as they claim
that the Board of Supervisors has no
right to reduce the number of Commis
sioners.
They have retained an attorney, and
will tight the case to a finish. Their attor
ney said to a Call correspondent:
"T. c board 13 wrong in this move, as
the on»-man commission applies only
to those counties where no commission ex
isted when the amendment became a law;
but there is no provision authorizing the
Supervisors to reduce the number of Com
missioners now existing.
"When a man is elected to any position :
he is expected to serve not only his term '<
of office but until his successor is ready to |
take up the duties of the office. I will
fight the case in any form it comes up."
The 010 members will recognize Mr.
Pease as the successor of Collins, resigned,
but whether Pease will recognize them as
Commissioners or not is a question.
MarvsvUlc's Delegate* Sauted.
MARYSVILLE, Cal.. Jan. 7.— The City
Council has selected live citizens to attend
the fifth California River Improvement
Convention, which meets in San Fran
cisco on January 15. D. E. Knight, J. H.
Jewel t, J. C. White, N. D. Rideout and A.
C. Binghain were named. To-day the
county Board of Supervisors appointed
delegates as follows: Justus Greely, D. P.
Donahoe ami T. J. Sherwood, Marysville;
D. P. Durst, Wheatland, and James
O'Brien, Smartsvilie.
DENIED AT PORT TOWNSEND.
Judge Scott Scouts the Rumored Engage
ment of His Niece to Genera/
Harrison.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 7.-
There is more than ordinary interest felt
here in the gossip concerning the probable
marriage of (ieneral Benjamin Harrison
and Mrs. Dimmock, because the lady's
uncle, Judge Scott, a brother of the late
Mrs. Harrison, has resided here for the
past six years, and is one of Port Town
send's most popular citizens.
Judt'e Scott has always corresponded
with General Harrison since coming here
and appears to enjoy a certain degree of
confidence of the latter, probably' owing
to the tact that he has quite as good a
reputation for being: discreet with his
thoughts and speech as has the ex-Presi
dent himself. "When" questioned about the
gossip Judge Scott blushed and protested
he knew nothing of it.
"There's just about as much probability
of General Harrison and Mrs. Dimmock
marrying as that you and I will marry
each other," he said to the gentleman who
questioned him when his attention was
called to a United Press dispatch telling
of the general hou3ecleaning going on at
the Harrison home in Indianapolis.
Judge Scott declared that was nothing
unusual, but his manner left a strong im
pression that even if the marriage should
take place and surprise him it would be a
rather pleasant surpri?;-.
FOR EUREKA'S PROGRESS.
Enterprises Fostered by the
Humboldt Self-Help As-
sociation.
Leading Business Men Banded Together
to Work for the Town's Ad-
vancement.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 7. — An organiza
tion which is doing much for Eureka and
Humboldt is the Humboldt Self-Help As
sociation, an organization formed in 1895,
and now baring a membership of about
150 of the leading business men of the
county, and rapidly enlaring its member
ship. As the name suggests, the motto of
the organization is "Self Help," the turn
ing to advantage the native wealth in the
county now lying dormant, the fostering
of the industries now in existence, and
aiding the creation of the industries yet
to be.
Already the organization has done much
good by inspiring citizens of this commu
nity with the desire to support local indus
tries. Plans are in contemplation for the
S. I. ALLAKB, Secretary,
starting of a woolen mill and chair fac
tory, and it is believed that the organiza
tion will accomplish immense benefit to
the county.
The officers of the organization are push
ing, energetic men. J. F. Coonan, the
president, is a leading attorney, chairman
of the Democratic County Central Com
mittee and a heavy real estate owner. E.
Cousins, the first vice-president, is a lead
ing lumberman and 'capitalist. W. S.
Clark, the second vice-president, is the
heaviest owner of real estate in Eureka.
B. I. Ailard, the secretary, is a leading in
surance and real estate broker, secretary of
the Board of Trade of Eureka. <md a most
energetic citizen. Of the other directors,
George Cousins is of the firm of Connick ft
Cousins, one of the leading grocers; A.
Crocker of the firm of Crocker Brothers,
one of the leading dry-goods and clothing
establishments; T. J. 'Langford of the firm
of Ltngford Brothers, boiler-makers and
foundrymen : C. <-. Lundbiad of thn firm
of Ruscoe & Lnndblad, the big furniture
dealers; J. S. Murray, cashier of the Ran
dall Banking Company, and W. F. Gib
bard, the owner of a planing and molding
mill.
That the association, with such men at
its head, will prove a worthy coadjutor of
the Manufacurers' Association of San
Francisco goes without saying. The
people here are enthusiastic over the asso
ciation and its work, and all wish it god
speed in its laudihle endeavor.
FRESNO NOT DEFRAUDED
Grand Jury Charges Found Upon
Investigation to Have Been
Groundless.
The Claims for Bookbinding Work in
County Offices Were Not
Excessive.
FRESNO, Cal.. Jan. 7.-The committee
from the Board of Supervisors, consisting
of Supervisors Garrett, Rose and Sayre,
which was appointed to investigate the
bookbinding job done by Armstrong &
Deguerre of San Francisco, in the Re
corder's and Auditor's offices of this
county, rendered a report to-day. It was
to the effect that the bill of $1899 presented
by the firm for the work should be allowed.
after deducting $54 50. This was the dif
ference between the committee's experted
valuation of the work and the claim. The
report was approved.
This was the bookbinding work over
which the Grand Jury made such a sensa
tional report a few weeks ago. The Grand
Jury valued the work at only $600, which,
it seems, was the valuation put upon it by
a rival bookbinder who had failed to get
the contract.
MtaM Fight to thfi Heath.
FRESNO, Gal., Jan. 7.-Word reached
this city this evening that in a ritrht be
tween two Indians on Sycamore Creek, in
Burrough Valley, yesterday, one was
killed.
THE WRATH OF BUDD
Editor Raymond Is in High
Disfavor at the
Capitol.
MAY LOSE HIS POSITION.
The Governor Deplores the Thou
sands Spent in Revising
a Grammar.
FURTHER EXPENSE STOPPED.
Mr. Raymond's Assistants Are Put in
Full Charge of the
Work.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 7.— Tbat W.
H. V. Raymond is not in good favor with
the Stale Board of Public Instruction and
the chief executive was made a very evi
dent fact at the board's session to-day.
That he has but a slight tenure on his office
is also very evident, and that the school
book editor's easy chair may become
vacant in the near future seems not im
provable. To quote the exact words of
Governor Budd, the proposition, is simply
this:
"It will be but a short time until there
will be nothing to do, and I do not intend,
if 1 can help it, that the Scate shall pay
Raymond $250 a month for doing nothing.
I have something to say in this matter,
and I intend to say it. If Mr. Raymond
does not do anything he won't get any
pay. As president of the State Board of
Education I am called upon to sign the
warrant for the salary of the editor-in
chief of the school books. As a member
of the State Board of Examiners I pass
upon his claim.
"The fund is about exhausted, and we
will have to look out for every cent ex
pended on school books. At the present
time we have a staff of editors drawing
large salaries and doing absolutely noth
ing. As far as lam concerned, I believe
that as the two women have done the work
on this grammar they should be retained
until tbe work is finished. I would like
to see those ladies. 1 '
Wheu they appeared the Governor ques
tioned Miss Murphy, and she replied that
she and Mrs. George had furnished the
manuscript for the work, but that Mr.
Raymond had assisted them. They wrote
it, a lesson at a time, frequently rewriting
a lesson two or three timeß. They all
conferred together and passed upon the
work untif it was satisfactory to all. The
Governor asked her when she thought the
work could be completed, along the line
of Professor Lange's corrections, and she
said In about two months.
"I would be willing to work all summer
on that book for nothing," Miss Murphy
said, "because I take a pride in it."
"lean understand that," the Governor
replied; "and I would suggest that you
be allowed two months in which to com
plete the work."
This was put in the form of a motion
and carried.
The Governor then asked what work
there was for Mr. Raymond to do, and
Professor Pierce Baid that he believed he
could be kept busy in looking after the
grammar when it went to the printer the
second time. Mr. Raymond said that this
was so — that he would have to follow the
grammar through the hands of the State
Printer. The Governor suggested that as
the two women had done all the work on
the book, in his opjr.ion they were the
proper persons to look after it and read
the proof, if it were right ihat the editors
should read proof.
"For my part," he said, "I don't see
why the proofreader in the State Printing
Ofiice would not be th 2 proper person to
do the work, as he is under a salary of
$4 50 per day for doing that kind of work.
And I see no reason why Raymond should
be retained," he added. "There is nothing
to do."
Professor Kellogg moved to stop edi
torial work on the histories and arith
metic, which motion was carried. The
Governor then suggested that Superin
tendent Black be authorized to stop all
salaries of editors as soon as there was
nothing to do. Some one asked him what
his motion meant. "It means," said the
Governor, "that I do not propose, if I can
help it, that the State shall pay an editor
in-chief $250 a month for doing nothing.
Furthermore, I believe that all, or nearly
all, the work done on that grammar was
done by his two assistants. Miss Anna C.
Murphy and Mrs. Mary C. George."
The Governor said that he was sorry
that the history could not be got out,
but that it was evidently impossible. He
referred to the advanced history, tie be
lieved that the appropriation was sufficient
to complete the primary history.
Secretary of State Brown presented a
plan to the board, which he deems to be
nighly advantageous to the school children
of the State, as far as the purchase of text
books is concerned.
He stated that in preparing data he
found that California pupils had paid at
least $125,000 more for their books than
had been received by the State for their
issuance. This was the prorita of the
middle men, and he proposed to remedy
this evil by expressine the books directly
to the counties for distribution. His sug
gestion was received with favor, and was
referred to a committee consisting of the
Secretary of State, State Printer ar.d
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
AN INTERVIEW
WITH JAMESON,
f Continued from First Page.\
at Chard, county of Somerset, last even
ine, the Mayor of the town proposed to
drink the health of al! the Queen's family,
except one grandson (referring to Emperor
William of Germany). The toast was re
ceived with enthusiastic cheers, which
were followed by groans and hisses for
Emperor William.
EXGLAXJ) BifKED JA.3IESOX.
Opinion of a Former Jiesident of the
frnntvaal Krptiblir.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 7.— A. S. Feck
of Seattle wno traveled extensively in re
cent years in South Africa, residing some
months in the Transvaai republic be
lieves Barney Barnafo and Cecil Rhodes
acting m the interest of the British Gov
ernment, incited and backe ■: financially
the Dr. Jameson invasion. He says:
"The Transvaal repub'io is undoubtedly
the srreatest goid-producing country in the
world, and the Kntrlish did not know its
weulth when they drove the Dutch Boers
in there from Cape Colony. Learning
their mistake they want to gain posse-sion
of the territory. I think they were in
league with Dr. Jameson, and have been
using him to the end of securing control.
Dr. Jameson I know personally, and he
has the reputation in Johannesburg of
being a schemer and adventurer."
The Katiirs, Mr. Feet says, are more
friendly to the English than to the Boers,
because the latter have had wars with
them and have occupied their lands.
DR. LEI 1) S S A TIH FI £D.
Sent n Limy < ablcgrmn After lnt<rriew-
ing the Emperor.
BERLIN. Germany, Jan. 7.— The Ta e
blatt says that after his audience with the
Emperor yesterday Dr. Leyds, Secretary
of State of the Transvaal Government, ex
pressed himself as entirely satisfied. Im
mediately after leaving the presence of the
Emperor Dr. Leyds sent a long cablegram
to President Kru<;er.
WAYS OF AGREEMENT
Continued from &rst Paa'.
nent. This ig, of course, what English
men as a people think, it is not wnat the
politicians aay. The Venezuelan affair is
entirely a Government matter. The
universal opinion at first was that Presi
dent Cleveland's message waa^ent out for
political purposes. Now we believe that
the British Government was wrong and
drew down President Cleveland's anger
justly. We accept the justice of Mr.
Cleveland's claim.
"Lord Salisbury's action in refusing ar
bitration is regarded as a political blunder,
and I may say crime, by many right-think
ing Englishmen. I believe a great deal of
good wiil come out of thi3 trouble. I think
it will be the cause of the formation of 3
permanent arbitration court that can set
tle all such disputes between nations. Let
England and America keep peace for
thirty years longer and they can dominate
the whole civilized world."
RECOIiDS A t'EXTURY OLD.
Quiana Jioundaries T)efin.d in an
Ancient Volume.
SEATTLE, WASH., Jan. 7.— Charles H.
Lugrin of this city has in his possession
the original manuscript of a report made
to the British Government in 1781 by a
Commissioner appointed to define the
boundaries of Dutch Guiana. The report
makes a book of nearly 400 pages and con
tains a description of every settlement and
plantation in Dutch Guiana, which is now
claimed by the British, and names all the
original grantees from the Dutch Govern
ment. It defines the boundaries of the
territory claimed by the Dutch, French,
Spanish and Portuguese at that time, in
addition to a large amount of other ex
tremely valuable information.
At tbe request of Lord Salisbury, Mr.
Lugrin is about to forward the book to the
English Premier for inspection by the
British Government. The report has been
in his possession for a number of years,
and as far as he is able to learn, was taken
to Canada from New York by one of the
United Empire Loyalists at the close of the
Revolutionary War.
The repcrt does not bear out the full
claim made by the British Government,
but entirely disposes of the full claim made
by the Venezuelan Government.
The book was compiled for the British
Government with a view of showing the
limits of the Dutch possessions, and was
compiled adversely to Dutch interests. It
deals particularly with the Western bound
ary, and also defines the boundary of
French Guiana.
STOCKTOX'S LOYAL ORAXGE.
Patriotic Resolutions Indorsing the Non
roe Uoetrine.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 7. — Stockton
Granee, Patrons of Husbandry, has
adopted the following:
Whereas, We have read with great interest
the message ot the President to Congress on
the Venezuelan affair, aud as we heartily con
cur in the sentiments expressed therein,
Resolved, That we approve the noble act of
Congress in granting the appropriation needed
for the expense of a commission.
Retained, That when a report Is made and
accepted there shall be no backdown by this
Government, come what may.
Hcsolvfd. That if England persists in her en
croachments on this continent we recommend
that America speak to her through her guns.
They can be understood by Kings.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions bo
sent to the President at Washington.
TUERE WOULD BE A. WAR.
And England Would JSot Be in the
Right.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 7.— Speaking to his
constituents at Plymouth to-day Sir Ed
ward Clarke, M. P., who was Folicitor-
Oeneral from 1886 to 1892, said that if
Great Britain refused arbitration on her
claims within the Schomburg line, sub
mitting to arbitration those claims outside
of that line, there would be a war with the
United States in which Great Britain
would not be in the right.
One Dispute Decided.
LONDON, Eiro., Jan. 7.— An agreement
has been reached between the members of
the Anglo-German commission appointed
to define the boundaries between the f'am
eroons, German territory in West Africa,
and old Calabar, Britishtemtory.
Additional telegraphic news on Page 13.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
He Lost It Because He Was Subject
to Colds.
"Mr. Simkins. you were not here yestef*
day," said the proprietor to his superin-
tendent.
Simkins has heretofore not got along
very rapidly, ; 'for lack of opportunity," he
says. His abilities are first-class, but he is
always catching cold or something.
"Mr. Simkins," continues his employer,
"I value your services highly ; there is a
brilliant future for you here, but I would
rather have a second-class man here all
the time than a rirst-class man part of the
time. You must take better care of your-
self."
But the weather is against him. Hi?
absence another day causts the firm a
serious los 9 and he joins the army of un-
employed.
There are many Simkinses— men and
women whose prospects are dwarfed and
careers ruined because some weakne s or
ailment— -'too tiirlinc for serious atten-
tion"— redncea their capacity for work and
usefulness.
Their hope is Peruvian Bitters, that
most perfect of tonics— a bulwart. against
colds coughs, jrrippe, malaria, lassitude
and lo^s of appetite and energy reducing
to a minimum the tendency to diseasp vrT
holding the weak and enabling the strone
to husband their vigor and vitality for
"stormy weather."
Mack & Co., San Francsco. All dpojt-
Cisia and dea.lejr.B. ™ X
. ' ,
6':
; lit is WA!I ? [
«
%^v/(^ ■ \
—^pis^P"
War on the Neryes.
These continual strains and counter*
strains, these continual harassings and de-
j pleting drains of nerve energy and nerve
I life make the body poor and weak and
immature. When in this condition forco
the enemy to surrender. Get and use the
Great Hudyan. You can get it only from
the Hudson Medical Institute. No one
can give you Hudyan but the Hudson
Medical Institute. Hudyan cures certain
forms of Liver and Kidney troubles and
certain forms of Nervous Diseases.
Circulars and Testimonials FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
.'AINTED BLOOD- rmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ot
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can shvo a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
LIVER— your liver is affected yoa
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
j discontented. You will notice many symptoms
i that you really have and many that you realiy
]do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on iiver troubles.
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and. Ellis St 3.
KinXKY Remedies are no* sought for by
many men, tecauss so many men live rcpia
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
! thing nbout your kidneys and how-to make tha
test. The book, "A Knowiedgd of Kidneys."
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Dr. Sanden's
JSI Electric Belt 1J
WM Makes more lives happy by flrl
aM restoring health than ' any f m
It other known remedy. It is F«
Pm not a cure-all, but it cures so ■nj
mR many troubles that nothing MS
Lm will ever approach it in real Ma
v ( value to sick people. aj
ji ~ "I bought one of your Dr. San* ImH
WM den Belts years ago in Minne* w MI
If a apolis for lumbago and other ■!
M troubles. It has done wonaers Wm
tyM for me. and I can recommend it frW
TTL highly," writes M. F. Rogers, IW
H€ Veterans' Home, Yonntville mM
WJ Napa Co., Cal., Jan. 4, 1895. fL\
m IT ALSO CURES fj
WM Nervous Debility, Rheuma- ' rfl
ffl tism, Kidney and Liver fM
laj Troubles, Lame Back, Fail- f/l
II ing Vitality and man y other Wm
II ailments upon which mcdi- WM
'1b cine has no good effect. m^\
Hi Get the pamphlet, "Three ■«
■PJ Classes of Men," free, with full MM
.ri information. r
JV SANDK.N ELECTRIC CO., [M
f, 033 Market Street, J
Km Opposite Palace Hotel, Sau Fran- wR
pj Cisco. Office hours: H to - «yen- Wl
mm ings, 7to 8:30; Baadara, 10 to 1. El
LI PO TAI JR., /-v
Chinese Tea and Herb L*- j
Sanitarium, ®^-«
No. 727 Washing on St., '♦* 3
San Franois«-o. Cal. Vs>£- b
Cor. Brenham Placo. abova f>sr - A
Uieplana. JW^ /S'/»^
Ottic-e Hours: 9to IS, --*"^ T» /jJa^S,
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, 9 A. M. to 1% M. " *\ -".:■
Li Po Tai Jr., son of the famous LI ? j
Tal, has taken nis father'a busin 83 s.
and is. after eleven years' study ia
China, fully prepared to locata aai
treat all^dlseases.
Uggs houseT
I upw^d!' PlSn $3 Per da uJ
'£. NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Kuroptan plan. Kooma siic ti *i Jn AUD * CJ -
s oom : elevaior runs «U nijus ' sr * toa ia or * £ '
'
P "PATENTS T l .INSTALLATOR IN A ROMP
Vinctor's Stable Mate Beat a
Crack Field of Milers in
Fast Time.
POTENTATE WAS IN LUCK.
The Favorites, Wheel of Fortune and
Thornhill, Both Finished Be
hind Cabrillo.
The card at t ho F.ay District yesterday
was with one exception made up of selling
events. The fields were not large or un
wieldy, yet the talent met with poor suc
cess in landing on the winners. Six well
backed favorites were sent to the post and
but two brought bark the money.
Starter Ferguson and his tlag were both
pood and had. He was in a generous mood
along about the fourth race and made a
presentation. The Burns <fc Waterhouse
was again the recipient of his
gift. With an even break Potentate would
ibly have been about third, but he
was favored with a "shade" and won in a
hmd drive from the horse last away.
There was oniy a fair attendance, but all
seemed supplied with the necessary collat
eral to be dubbed racegoers, for the bet
tmg was lively.
Vinctor made a dismal failure of his race
on Monday, but Instailator, his stable
companion, retrieved the fortunes of the
Btable yesterday. He opened an 8 to 5
favorite in the mile handicap with six
Btaners, but a soured public let him alone
and he went back tv "_' to 1. Semper Lex at
3% and Little Cripple at 5 carried the bulk
of the coin. Sloan kept the favorite back
until the half was reached, when he passed
Kosebud and romped home with his mouth
wide open; an easy winner by three
■ >in l:4ti' 4 . Little <'ripple finished
strong, taking the place from Rosebud by
a long neck.
Salisbury was made a 9 to 5 clioice for
the opening fire-furlong, with ten starters,
nml after showing i". front until well into
the stretch faded away and linished un
placed.
Irma, the secon I choice, won easily with
the 40 to 1 shot Coleman in the place.
There were f mrteen starters in tin 1 sec
ond event over the short six-furlone
cours* . received more or less sup
port. At post time Midlo and Summer
time had first call in the betting, each be
ing < s ■;•■:« iat tnrees. When the Hag fell,
Flynn on the second choice, Unity, %vho
was away fourth, rushed him out into the
lead ami was never headed, winning clev
erly from the 30 to 1 chance Hanford.
Ci>ilt! Bug was a good third.
-: sprinters went to the post in
-.ice, a short six-furlong dash.
Murphy opened a 6 tv .". favorite, but
the educated coin began coming in
on Potentate, rutting his oids from twos
to 7 U embers of the ring boosted
- odds to 2 to 1. Then a plunger's
money went in on Ezell's mare and her
odds came down again to 7 to 5, and Po
■ceded to 0 to .">. Fly had
a nood following, but the other starters <; : ,l
rot command much support. After con
ible dickering about at the post, the
fag fell with l'otentate off flyine'a couple
of lengths in front Shaking Morven off,
he was joined by Fly, and in a drive the
ixteenth won by a head. Montana
i fair third. With an equal break,
Fly, who wa> away last, would have been
a winner.
Barefaced Tod and bald fa cert Thornhili,
together with Wheel of Fortune, cave the
crowd nn awful Jolting in the neijrhbor
■'. the mill' and fifty yard affair. The
I and Thoruhill were plunged on, 8
to 5 and take your pick being the post
C&brillo was backed down from
15 to \ several points, but the otner start
ers were icicles. The openinc part of the
race was all the Wheel's. She cut out a
merry old clip, leading the held by two or
three lengths. Rounding the far turn
Isom on (abrillo began moving up. and as
the stretch was reached was but a length
behind the leader, who was beginning to
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
. .
Eleventh Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Cold. Track
*-• Fast. Bay District Track, san Francisco, Tuesday, January 7, 1896.
Ftftl\ FIRST PACE— Five turlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances
OUU. purse $300.
Index. -Morse, age, weight. St. i /4 Va 4 sir. Pin. j Jockeys. [^"'"ci
. 472IIrma,3 93 4 4 V 2 51 ' 31 12 T.Sloan !~3 2
4.2 Coleman, 4 103 0 53 4ii 54 21 T. Walker. 20 40
452 -Myrtle H, 3 97 3 2h 2% 22 3h Garner 10 10
483 -. . >>e.iry II. 3... 94 2 lh lh 11 41 Donnelly j 7-6 8-5
478 I an, 4 103 7 82 6 li 62 : 63 Coady 8 10
478 jliorsey, 4 109 8 9 10 , 8 Va 84 ; 63 Bozeman 10 30
464 Easel. 3 95 1 3 1 3 1 4h ! 7 10 Pigsott 6 5
483 Pri nee Hooker, 3. 94 ft 6h ; 7 1 72 8 10 P. Isom... 8 12
(266) Judge, Tarn, 4.... 103 10 1.1 10 10" | 9 10 [Fitzgerald 1 80 100
484 'Artermis. 4 101 9 ; 7h I 9 10 ! 9 | 10 H.Martin 10 15
Poor start, except Judge Tarn. Won easily. Winner, C. II. Durkee's b. m, by St.* Savior- Ella T.
Time. 1:01. *Pormer!y Lady Leinster filly. 7; .....:,
F.f\l SECOND PACE— a six furlongs; selling; all ages; contltions; penalties; purse $400.
Index. j Horse, age, weight, j St. |
. 1 _':." \k
V*
!
1_
i Str. i
I Betting, i
Op. ci.
. (483) UdUv, 3 108 2 |
4*4 Hanford, 4 119 4 1
481 iGold Bog, a 126 6 1
488 'BigCnief, 3 104 7 1
277 Midlo, 3 Hit 12
963 Eventide, 3 102 11
492 Ida H. 102 3
468 ( ardweU, 8 107 10
484' B'yMcCloskey,3.11_| 8
. 4S6iMyron,4 119, 5
460 Summer Time, 3.106! ]
492 Suffrage. 3 102 13
482 1 1 raekuiack. a 122 9;
*239 j Metal, a 125 14 ..'
12
1 3h
2 h
7 1
10 1-2
12
11 4
13
81
& 2
4 h
9h
62
14
13 13
2 li 2 Ii
4 3 5 2
6 1 2 4 1/2
8=2 « i
9 1 8 %
j 112 10 1
12 2 7 1
10 1 9 li
5 1 11
3h 3 h
13 4 13
7 % 12
14 14
; 1 V 2 W. Flynn....... ! 4
! 2 % Hinrlchs 10
3 1 Ballard I 15
j 4 li/a T. Sloan | 6
I 5 4 Donnelly 5 2
: 6h It. Isom 20
7h C. 8 aughter 16
8 8 Moran 30
9 4 L. Lloyd 20
110 i'igcot; 20
1110 Bergen 11-5
12 V 2 ltoiv»n j 10
13 1j Bagley 20
14 Pinn 30
9-2
20
15
6
8
7
30
60
SO
40
3
20
60
200
Good start. Won cleverly. Winner, L. Ezell's ch. g., by imp. Kossington-Unite. lime, 1:13.
•old index.
F\(\') THIRD It ACE— One mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse ?500.
. -:-•-■■■■:. S :.;
Index, j Horse, age, weight, j St. j .Vi
Va
Str.
Jockeys. '
; Betting.
Op. Cl.
490 i Installator. 4 108 4 1 8 1 3 h 12 113!
, 4.0 j Little Cripple. 5.. 105 : 5. 4 1 2 I ft] 3 1 3 1%
490 IHosebud, 4 94 j 2 2 V3 1 h 2 2 2 1 [
(469) I Semper Lex, 6. ..110 1 6 "■ 6 4 V 2 4 3
470 Norma, 4.... 87 3 . 1 1 j 21 6 1 5 10
.-" Mc Light. 6 110! 6 1 5 1% 4 n:. 6 ' 6
490 I Installator. 4.. 108 4 3 1 3 h 12 13 13 T.Sloan 1 2
490 j Little Cripple. 5.. 103 5 J 4i 2 I ft] 31 I 3 \i/ s ' 2h I J. Chora 4 9-2
190 Kosebnd.4 94 j 2 2 p. 1 h 22 ! 21 32 Donnelly 6 9
4.9) Semper I., x. ...110 16 16 41/2 ! 43 ! 48 Bergen 5-2 7-2
170 vlss Norma, 4.... 87 1 3| 11 i 21 51 5 10 5 20 Garner 10 7
487 IMcLlclit.5 110 6 1 6 1%! 4 1 1 L . 8 6 | 6 Doggett , 6 7
('ood start. Won easily. Winner, Blmwood stock farm's b. h., by imp. Brutus-Installation]
ne, 1 :40V_.
rjio FOURTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; penalties; nurse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight, j St. ]
V*
Vs j
.*
j Str.
Piu. ,
I Be
Op.
400 Potentate, 5. .'.... 107 1
493 Fly,6 PI 7
;;:. Montana, a 104 4 I
461 ! Banjo, 5 97 3
384 Babe Murphy, 4... .96 5
(484)jMorven, 6 97 2 |
470 iMissRutb,4 94 6 |
Hi 11 18
3 3 I 3 3 1 2 Va
5 2 5 I ! 5 3
■1 ■■• 4 1/3 4 1. 2
6 1 2 a 5 6 8
2 1 2 1 3 2
7 I 7 I 7
lh IHinrichs '
2 8 K. Jones I
31/2 T.Sloan I
4 2 Piggott.. |
6 3 Y.. Flynn: |
6 10 earner...
7 It. Isom I
2
1 4
10
30
I 7*5
8
50
1 8-5
5
15
100
7-5
10
100
Bad siar;. Won driving. Winner, Burns A Waterhouse's b. li., by Hayden Edwards-Amelia P.
At post 20 minutes. Time, 1:12.
ca.i FIFTH PACE— One mile and fifty yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; conditions;
_)U*-.r. penalties. ■;•'-.'*.■'
Index. }
Horse, age, weight. St.
Vi ; Va ; % sir.
i i j ■
1. 2 y 2 23 ! 2 3
12 111 j 1 lVji 1 1
4 Vi ; 4 h 3 1/2 3 4
6 1 5 V a '42 44
61 I 6 1 7 2 7 2
9 8 3 6 Vi 6 2
3 1/2 ! 3 1 5 2 5 1/2
71 ,71 i 84 83
8V2 i 9 ! 9 |9
7
Vi
Fin. I
Jockeys.
I
I netting.
Op. Cl.
481 Icabrillo, 4 98 5
(389) : Wbee!ofPortune,4.93 1
(448) v Dr, a 105 4
440 tMar D»y,5 103 2
(480) .Man- B, 6 10» 3
377 i lirtiila, 4... 98 8
486 IPolaski, 5 100 6
480 Thornhill, 6 104 9
456 j Hansom, 4 ...95 1 "
1 1% K. Isom 15
2 6 K.Jones 8-5
3 4 J. Chorn 8
4 10 Coady 15
5 6 Piggott 8
6 I1/2, Donnelly 10
7 1 I \v. Flynn.... 12
8 4 T. Sloan 3-2
9 Garner 8
9
8-5
15
25
15
50
.30
9-5
16
Good start. Won handily. Winner, It. Van Brunt's b. h., by St. Saviour-imp. Lizzie Hampton.
ne, 1814. At port II minutes. ■ ■ .
- SIXTH HACK— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions: allowances:
'•>. purse 9300. • '
•x. i Horse, age. weigh!. St.
t !
I
!
%
Str. I
Jockeys.
I Betting.
I Op. Cl.
482 Joe Hill, a 103 1
471 leixotto, 9 -91 4
*67 «'Po Dickenson, a.110 - 2
499 -v.vin. 3 93 3
482 i,>. Autonomy. 5..110 • >
482 Bert, ft 108 10
176 Kai Mo:, 4 103 6
472 My ..heart, 4.107 12
681 Green Hirer, 4.... 108 8
233 Margaret M, 3 89 11
•82 < vmoor, 5 10. 7
169 Triumph, 6.: 103 «
id.i- Bell, a. 107 13
I
I
I
i
!
!
1 n
4 1
2 3
3h
5
10
6
9
8
7
12
11
13
1 2
44 '
3 Va
m
7
8
9
8
10
11
12
13
1 2 J. Chorn
. 2 Va Wg«ort ..'.
3h Bozeman
4 4 1 C. Slaughter
6 4 Shepard....
6% And -1 son. ......
74 Bo wan
8 Hinrichs. .......
9 Peoples .7
10 Hewitt. ....'.
11 Burns
12 ..................
13 H.Martin
4
4
8
4
30
60
60
9
30
6
,15
50
6
1.
7
20
7-2
20
100
40
4
60
7
10
60
' 7
......:.
••
I
Pair start. Won handily. Winner, Joe Hill'_ ch. g., by Kingston-Lady Golden. Time, 1:01%.
•Old Index. • • ' k-kkk'ykkkk
Bhow distress signals. A furlong from
home Joe Harvey's mare was beaten, and
Cabrillo beat her out a length with ease in
the fast time of 1:43 W. Old Hy Dv was
third.
Thirteen rank selling-platers started in
the last event, a five-furlong spin. The
wise ones backed Joe Hill down from <> to
3 and, leading all the way, he won by a
couple of lengths from Peixoto, with
George Dickinson in the show.
Track and Paddock Items.
Competent timers on the track caught
the mile from wire to wire in the mile and
fifty-yard run in 1:39 fiat.
The Palo Alto stake, a handicap for
three-ycar-oias over the short six-furlong
course, will be run to-day. Crescendo is
asked to carry top-weight, 121 younds, but
the big chestnut so far outclasses the Jot
opposed to him that seeking further for a
winner seems useless.
The horses owned by D. J. Lynch of the
Arizona stable will be sold within the in
closure of the saddling paddock at lo clock.
to-day by Killip A: Co. Among the well
known performers that will pays under tht
hammer are: Three Forks, a very uaefu
horse both on the Hat and over the
/sticks"; the great old sprinter Contribu
tion, a half-brother to the Futurity winner
Requital, and the stake winner Volt, a use
ful horse over all distances. The bidding
will no douDt be lively, for all are about
lit to face the tlap.
Fred Cowan, Henry Harris, Grannan
and all of the bip: bettors jumped on Joe
Hill for a good thing. They were not hal
so much elated over the gelding's win a
his happy colored trainer, Alabama Joe
to whom* the purse was a most desirable
acquisition.
Ed Purser backed Unity, and thinking
the long-priced outsider Hanford had a
chance played him all three ways. He
cashed both tickets.
Riley Grannan bet $3000 on Wheel of
Fortune to win the mile and fifty yards
run, and learning of some good trials
Cabrilio bad shown placed a $100 bet
Btraight ar.d place on the long shot.
Cabrillo was backed from 16 down to 7
and Bto 1. His owner, Mr. Van Brunt,
backed the horse mostly to show.
Babe Murphy was cut off soon after the
flag fell, and cut a very small tigure in the
running thereafter. A barrel of coin was
lost on Ezell's mare.
Pittsburg Phil was said to have landed a
good bet made on Potentate.
Fearful, possibly, that he might forget
how to make Dook, and just to see how the
California public bet their money, Leo
Mayer took Wallace &] Co.'s stand and
booked on the lust race tor his own ac
count. The experiment cost him about
$400.
Tod Sloan has always claimed that I
Thoruhill was a horse that wanted to be '
ridden out in front when he is at good '
odds in the betting. Were it not that
Christmas is past the backers of the horse
yesterday would club together and present '
him with an elegant souvenir painting,
set in frosted frame, showing his strenuous
efforts to beat the flag yesterday.
Many racegoers did not back Summer
Time yesterday, because they thought the
weather a trifle too chilly. The mare did
not show at her best at any rate.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club is prepar
ing a great programme for its opening day
on Thursday, which is also ladies' day.
One of the attractive features of the card
will be a mile and a quarter hurdle race,
in which all of the best jumpers in the
State have entered. The weights assigned
by ;the hand-capper are as follows: My
Luck 152,Tyr0 142, Colonel Weight man 1 10,
Meator 140, Tom Clarke 137, The Lark 137,
Cicero 130, Tempiemore 130, Silverado 130, !
Uncertainty 125, Little Mid 125, \V. L.
Munson 125, Relampago 12, r >, Bedford 125,
Contentment l-. r >, Captain Bpencer 125,
Lordiike 12">, Burmah 125, Esperance 125.
Declarations are due to-day.
Entries for to-morrow's events at Ingie
side will be received by the entry clerk
until 3 o'clock at the Bay District track.
They will also close at that hour at the
new course.
ITEMS FOR CYCLERS.
The San Frnncihco Koad Club "Will
Join the ! ■:i.;i:i- of American
"Wheelmen.
A delegation oi officers of the League of
American Wheelmen visited the Ban
Francisco Road Club last evening and
addressed the members of the ciub upon
the desirability of their joining the leupue.
Chief Consul Kerrigan, Vice-Consul
\Yy r.ne and other speakers addressed the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
meeting, and so favorably impressed the
Road Ciub members that they have de
cided to join the leairue in a body at once, i
The committee v.ill visit the Olympic !
Cyclers next Friday night with the same j
object in view, and will call on the other j
local clubs on their meeting nights during
this month.
T. A. Griffiths and Emil Languetin, on
singles, paced by A. L. Holling and S. B.
Vincent on a tandem, will ride a century
around the bay next Sunday in the en
deavor to secure the record for the course
for their club, the Bay City Wheelmen.
Griffith's will ride his wheel geared to 120,
and this will be a practical test of its
serviceability on the road for long dis
tances. The ride will, therefore, be
watched with considerable interest, as
since the article in The Call last Satur
day about Grilh'ths' 120 gear a great many
have spoken of their intention of getting
higher gears on their wheels.
Clarence Davis, the fast San Jose racer,
is no longer connected with Varney's, and
will now probably go on the road for a
local house.
| The Bicycle Protective Association will
! elect a new set of oth'cers at its regular
J meeting to be held to-morrow at Garrity's.
, corner of Leavenworth street and Golden
| Gate avenue. The association has had a
I successful year, and nearly all the bicycie
j houses of toe City have joined it.
The San Jose Road Club will hold a
five-mile road race next Sunday over the
I East San Jose course. McFarland will
| ride from scratch, which seems assurance
that the record will be lowered.
It must be understood that the various
changes in the racing rules of the League
of American Wheelmen, which have been
mentioned in the papers of late, are only
suggestions which will be offered at the
meeting of the National Assembly at Bal
timore in February. Similar suggestions
have been sent in from all parts of the
country, and it is impossible to say what
the National body will do. Those offered
by the local representative of the Racing
Board, K. M. Welch, are very well thought
of by the cycling people here and by Mr.
Gideon, the chairman of the board at
Philadelphia, but how the National As
sembly will take to them is doubtful.
THAT CLEVER FORGERY
Bankers Believe It Is the Most
Skillful Ever Done
Here.
Captain Lees Has a Theory as to How
and When Forger Dean Left
the City.
The all-absorbin? topic of conversation
in bankinsr circles yesterday was the clever
forgery of A. H. Dean on the Nevada
Bank, which was characterized as the fin
est piece of work of the kind ever done in
this City.
Captain Lees is not of the same opinion.
He said last night that the same kind of
work done by professionals in Juno, 1893,
was cleaner and better than the work of
Dean, and in his opinion could not be
surpassed. At that time two checks wen
raised from $38 to $3800, and from $6o to
$6500.
•'1 have nothing new to give for publica
tion," said the captain. "I have been ;
working on the case all day picking up
odda and ends an>i piecing them together
to see if I could discover the identity of
the forger. Everything that could possi
bly interest the public has been published
and what information I have since re
ceived would bt of no interest to the
public"
The captain made an investigation as to
tbe statement of the office-boy, Wiley Q.
Lytle. that Dean drove to either i;>_'!t or
14L'!t Valencia street, where hn said he !
resided. This is in the neighborhood of
the Southern Pacific depot at Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets, and the captain is
satisfied that Dean's telling the boy that
he lived on Valencia street was a ruse.
"Dean had, no doubt," said the captain,
"taken the train to San Jose. From there
he would tnlce the narrow-pun^p to Nile?
and from Niles he would ro to Lathrop,
where he would catch the overland train.
"That occurred to me when the boy
mude hia statement, and I wished simply
to satisfy myself on the point yesterday.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Bay District Treck.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations—F., fast; Fa., fair; IJ., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
two races.
index. I
Name.
Lbs
record. I Dist. j
Lbs Tk.
Pedigree.
304 Don I edro 105 :50 y 2 m 108 F.. Encinostable Imp. San Pedro-Bel lew
484 Pearson 105 ... I B. schrelber Imp. Great Tom-Drift
455 covernor 110 1:011. 51 106! P.. Woodlawn stable... FresDO-RosaG
499 Jack Atkins.... 102 :49i, io m 109 P.. J. P. Atkin Regent-Misadie
492 Elsie . 100 :56V2 4y 2 t 102 -*F.. c. J. (Julnri FeUowcharm-KUle 9
500 |*Myrtle II 100 : 56 4y 2 f 101 F. T. J. Koclie Tor so- 1. a, Iv Leinster .
479 Trapoeaa 105 no rec | W. D. Randall Imp. Inverness-La Trappe
(460) Ls Masco ta 102 1 :0]i 51 110 P.. J. G. Follanabee Imp. San Simeon-Maria E
460 Japan 110! no rec. 51 M. T. Donovan Linden-Ell See Ess
484 san Marcus 102 1:04 5f 101 11.. . Klkton stable St. Carlo-Mistake
■ 471 Colleen Dawn.. 100 no rec J. Maddox Nk of the Wds-LtbropBelle
483 El Prlmero.... 106 1:03 5 f 112 P.. El Primero stable.. Jo.- Hooker-Alice N
452 Phyllis |106|1 :03 5f 101 F. . J. Garret Imp. Trade Wind-Daisy B
♦Formerly Lady Lelnster lily.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs: sening: 10 pounds above the scale.
ndex.
Name.
Best
Lbs record. Dist.
Lbs Tk.)
I
Pedieree.
408 Regan 109 1:30% 7f 109 F... F. Dwver Fabulous-Nettie R
401 Gussie ]08!l:loi/ 2 5V- f 119 11.. Williams ...Morehs Hvder All-Attraction.
(467) Hiram Argo.... 108 1 :08:< 6% f 109 F .. B. Schreiber Imp. Saxon-Gold Basis
486 Raindrop 10811:423,4 1 m 103 IP. W. L. Appleby. ... Wildidle-imp. Teardrop
407 Adam.... 10.5 1:10 5% 1 91 H.. Westchester stable Powhattnn-Waitindoo
493 Clac.uer 11811:15% Of 112 II.. II. Taylor I Three Cheers-Belle of Lake
489 Two Cheers 10811:08% 5y 2 1 107 F...I Owen Bros Three Cheers-Lady Emma
478 Monterey 108 1:13% *8 I 103 F...iElktoa stable Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
481 Bi;eno 108 1:20 Of 105 l{ .. El mero stable. Hidalgo- W
501 Hanford 105 1:29% 71 941 E... California stable... Imp. Kvrle DaH-Visalia
307 Tortoni.. 107 1:16% HI 129 F.. Miller Ecuador- Eva S II
486 Ike I, 110811:22% 6%! 94 F...I Garden City stable. (Major Ban-Miss Flush
603 Miss Ruth 98 1:42% lm 91 F... Al Martin . soorante-Buth
383 | All Over 115 1 :30:' • 71 111 II ~ P.Dunne Hanover-Deceit
THIRD RACE— About six furlongs; Palo Alto stakes: handicap; three-year-olds.
Index. i
| I Best :
Lbs record.
I I
Lbs Tk.
!
Name.
1 Dist.
Owner.
455 Crescendo ......
474 | Ferris liar: man
(488) Mt. McGregor 11
475 Argentina
(454) | Miss. Maxim
(489) j Kamsin
494 Grady
(492) St. Lee
494 Hy del Bandidos
375 Scimitar
455 Gov. I'udd
385 Charlie Boots...
(601) Unity
Maximilian .
491 Joe K
121 1:107-5 F. crso 125 U..
95 1 :05',... 51 2 f 115 F...
I 92 1:011/2 5 f 112 F...
110 1:02 t-S 8% f 108 F..
108 1:151/4 6 1 81 p..
107|l:27Vi 7 t 96 17.
105 1:18 6 f* 109 F...
102 1:45 lm70y 86 F...
102 ; 1 :02 5 f 104 Fa
! 9011:1534 0 f 1104 E...
! 99il :011a. 5 f 106 F..7
j 98 i 1:01% 5 1 104 E...
98 1:18 ,6 i*\ 108 IP
! 80]norec
j 90' 1:13% 6 f 105 F... 1
Pueblo stable '
B. Schrelber
Burns <4 Waterhouse
Santa Anita static.
G. H. Morris A Co..
L. Kzcll ............
Owen Bros !
T. G. Ferguson j
Lone stable '
J. H. Shields I
I Woodlawn staple...
! I-egg ife Taylor...... i
L. Ezell
Kentucky stable . . . j
M. Kerr |
Flambeau-imp. Janet X
Imp. Woodlands Honora
Day Star-Miss McGregor
Gano-Oolly -,.-....-.;
Imp. Ventura
Blazes-Miss Hall
Three Cheers-Gold Cup
| Imp. st. George-Levee
! Im. True Brl ton-Em. Collier
Imp. hot hen- Wyandotte
Fresno-Rosa G
Alto Mio-Constellation
Imp. Boislngton-Unite
■ Bubbler-
I Jim Brown-Proximate
FOURTH RACE— Short course; handicap; steeplechase.
Index. '
I I Best I i
Index. Name. : Lbs record. ! Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner.
475 Col. Weifchtman 135 3:85% *1 ' _ m mill.. A. G. Blakely .....
1302 The Lark... 182 3:221/2 *ly 3 m 138 F... J. T. Clifton........
(390) Mesior 127 3:21 1*11/2 m 128 17.. ■ E. Farrar
438 Cicero.... 126 S. C. Hildreth
427 Rob Roy 126 2:08% 1 l-16m 125 li.. T. Finn
491 Malo Diablo.... 124 no rec Nevada stable
484 lonnleB 120 1:54 *1 m 186 E... E. Male. . ..'....
362 [Gold Dust 122 2:47 1% m 1261 F... I J. Field's .' ......
I Special 120 I ....J. Brenock
Name.
Owner.
Warfellow-Le sie P
Wildidle-.Monday
Falsetto-Woodlark
Longfellow Belle Knight
Robson-creenleaf
Joe Hooker-Axilla
Imp. London-Luella
Oro-Gold Cup
low-Specie
Fedigree.
FIFTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; purse.
I Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
Tk.
•185 Del Norte......... 112 1:48 ! 1 2-JSm
475 Ip. MIssKrummel 88ll:16V_6f
469 Fred Gardner 112 1:42V* Ira
366 Kckert ........ 100 1:37 71
489 Uncle Giles 108 1:54 ! 1 v 8 m
(497) Logan 113 1:40% 1 m
(485) Claudius. 1 112: 1:47 1 1-I0m
95 K... Woodlawn stable.. .
101 II.. WO'BMacdonough
104 F... F.M.Taylor.. ......
87 H.. A. .1. Smith....
104 .... Nevada stable
119 .... A. Shields. !
110 F. ... 1 in wood stck farm 1
Imp. Greenback-Priscilla
Beau Brummel-Im.Mirage
Lake Blackburn-Enfilade
Flambeau- .
ElKloRoy-Hettie Hmphry
I VoltlgenrPert .
Imp. Brutus-Swayback
SIXTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling.
Name.
| Best I
Lbs j record. '
Dist.
Tk.
Owner.
Lbs
Pedigree.
498 Ginger
488 Mabel 1. ;
605 Green River....
(467) Hiram Argu
Hacienda
499 Jack Atkins !
344 ; Emprs Norfolk.
408 Peru.
41 _ Last Chance '
475 i Una Que Auio .
493 Hymn !
499 ' Don Gara...... . i
. 499 ReyAlta
495 Model I
499 ; Harry Lewis. .. i
478 IVlrgle A........ I
495 (Emilia D |
107 i i
| 89;no reel J
HOi no rec ... !
114 1:08% BV 3 i '
107 no rec.Y..' . !
91 :49y 2 V m !
104 1:08 ! V, 1
102 ..
109 1:07% I 5V_'f
94 1:051/* 6f !
111 1:14 ; Of
08 1:07 V 2 r>i/ 2 f
; lOli 1:02 I 5f . |
106 1:073/1 Bi/ 2 r
1 109 1:131/4 1 *6 f j
-95 1:013/. 6f
1 107 1:16 V* H<
-•
....
I ioo i
109
109
107
105
I 97
104
104
las
105
....:
....
f.'. '.
E...
....
IF...
II..
k
E...
I'...
F...
E...
E...
|F...
.1. Bobbins Kolian-Kespond "• '/' " '
D. Holiday Major Ba:i-Acquito
J. B. Chase ..... Imp. Graeuback-Leverett
B. Schreiber. ..' Imp. Saxon-Gold Basis
I'. Farrar..' Volturi.o-Ollie •.--...-
J. P. Atkin.... Regent-Misadle -k-k':.
G. Hose....... ...... Empr Norfolk-Savannah
Al Monrne.. ........ Oano-Carnicilia
Oakland stable...... Duke Norfolk-Vedette
! J. Bro.vn..... Torso- Little Flush
L. Lloyd............ 1 Hunyar-lna B
! W. Earp. ........... Rath bone-Miss Melbourne
Elkton stables.. ... | Alta-Eannie D
California stables.. | Imp. sir Modred-Gvpsy .
'J. Maddox Versaides-Cousln Kate
I B. Ward....... Imp.True Briton-Big Bertha
J. P. Woolman..... Jack Brady-Emma D ...•■:.'-.•:;
STATE GRANGE MEETING
Charges Against Commission
Merchants to Be Inquired
Into.
WILL EDUCATE THE FARMERS.
A Movement on Foot to Start a Free
Market in This City on the
Water Front.
The executive committee of the State
Grange, which is clothed with full author
ity to act in all matters pertaining to the or
der, was in session yesterday at the Iluss
House. One important matter before the
Grange was the request of Highland
Grange that it should take up a charge
made by Mrs. M. G. Norton of Highland
Grange against Trobock & Bergen, com
mission merchants of this City. The alle
gation is that they sold her goods at a
higher price than they returned to her,
and Docketed the difference, stating, when
charted with the act. that it was the usual
and proper custom among the commission
men of San Francisco, in all cases wnere
single packages of fruit are sold.
Highland Grange takes the ground that
the transaction was improper and dis
honest — first, because the shippers have
never agreed to such action; second, that
there is not on any day any established
wholesale price for fresh fruit; and third,
because the law says it is a crime. As to
this iatter point Highland Grange has
taken legal advice and has been advised
that the transaction was in violation of
section 507 of the Penal Code and consti
tuted the crime of embezzlement.
For the purpose- of making a test case j
Highland Grange requests the State j
Grange to cause the arrest and trial of the
members of the firm. The matter was re
ferred to W. W. Greer, master of the State
Grange, and B. F. Walton, with power to !
act.
The committee will probably be guided
in its action by its investigation as to
whether or not, as alleged, it is a common j
practice. If it was only a single act of an I
individual. Highland Grange is understood
not to press the matter of arrest, but if it !
is a general practice, it will urge that a
test be made in this case where evidence i
is available.
The executive committee also had under
consideration the proposal to establish a
free market on the water front, as to which
a committee of Highland Grange is in cor
respondence with the Harbor Commission
ers. Edward F. Adams, representing
Highland Grange, had a conference yester
day with President Colnon of the Harbor
Commissioners, as a result of which a
conference of representative growers is
likely to be called to consider the subject.
\V. W. Greer and 15. F. Walton were ap
pointed a committee to represent the
State G range, should any such conference
be called.
The educational committee was in
structed to provide for a great popular
meeting of Uio farmers of the State to be
he!d under the auspices of the grange, at
.Santa Cruz, during the coming summer.
The educational committee of the .State
Grange laid before the meeting the draft
of a plan for rural study circles, to be con
ducted on i lie Cbatauqua plan, under the
auspices of the siran^e. The plan met
wit h approval, but was referred back to
the educational committee to be perfected
in its financial aspects. This committee
will meet in a few days to further consider
the subject. The grange is preparing for
an earnest campaign on educational lines.
UNION EXECUTIVE BOARD.
Wowu'i Chrl-<ti»ii Tenptiaam Vnion
Will Celcbimt* Kram-liine Day.
The State Executive Board of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
California held its quarterly meeting at
the headquarters, 132 McAllister street,
yesterday. There eras a largo attendance,
in which various parts of the State were
represented.
It was decided to urge nil the unions to
Dush vigorously the work of circulating
petitions asking for legislative divorce
ment of the saloon and grocery.
The birthday of the president, Mrs. B.
Sturtevant Feet, was fixed as franchise
day, which will be celebrated by all the
unions throughout the State, with special
attention to equal suffrage.
Resolutions were passed pledging the
unions to do all in their power to make the
coming lecture tour of John G. Wooley a
success; also, recognizing the increasing
frequency of temperance sermons by the
clergy and the greater readiness ot the
press to publish reports of the same.
Much time was spent in the discussion
of ways and means concerning the an
nual National Convention of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, to be Held
here at a date not yet decided.
SPORTSMEN IN SESSION
An Association That Will Es
tablish Branches in the
Country.
Federal Authorities Refuse to Investi
gate Obstructions to Navigation
in Sloughs.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
held a larire and enthusiastic meeting last
night at K. of R. B. Hall, corner of Mason
and O'Farrell streets.
Thomas Case}' of this City and G. "W.
Dennis of Alumeda, who had been ap
pointed a committee at a recent meeting
of the association to investigate the mat
ter of blockading navigable sloughs by cer
tain clubs that have leased preserves in
Solano and Sonoma counties, reported
that they had conferred with some of the
Federal authorities on the subject of ob
structions to navigation, but received very
little encouragement.
Mr. Casey said that the sloughs now
blockaded in the Suisun marshes are un
questionably navigable, Tind that he had
Batislied himself on that, score last Sunday
by measurements taken in the presence of
witnesses of the depth of the waterways in
question at hich and low water.
A committee of five members, namely,
T. Casey, F. Staples, It. Boyer. G. W.
Dennis and H. Battee, was appointed by
the chair to confer to-day with an attorney
with the view of prosecuting the clubs
through whose intercession those sloughs
or waterways in question were blockaded,
thereby causing an obstruction to legiti
mate navigation.
The association, at the request of some
of the meniners, decided to engage the ser
vices of an attorney to defend tiie sports
men who have been enjoined by the Ibis
Preserve Club from shooting upon its
overflowed lands in the Suisun marshes.
The sportsmen of Holano County have en
gaged legal talent to defend the alleged
poachers from Vallejo, Benicia, Suiiun,
etc., who have been afso enjoined.
A committee of five was appointed to
visit the principal towns of Solano and
Contra Costa counties for the purpose of
organizing annex clubs to the assoe:a;ion,
which requires assistance from the sports
men of the country, who are being yearly
deprived of a pastime they so dearly love
by wealthy shooting clubs.
A committee on printinc, oiatorv, etc.,
and composed of Messrs. Dennis, Butler,
l-'it/.siminons, McKae and Snyder, was
also appointed by the president, which w'il
report progress at a special meeting of the
association which will he held in the same
building on tiie evening of the L'Jd ins>t.
The new tablet to the memory of Mary
Queen of Scots recently raised in Peter
borough was paid for entirely by con
tributions from English women named
Mary. It cost about $5000,
NEW TO-DAT.
\ THE BEST '. \
\ YEAR'S GIFT!
\ A '96 MODEL *
in *■
\ $100. \
\ COLUMBIA and HARTFORD \
x BICYCLES^ \
\ Call at our store and see them. S
I THE '96 COLUMBIA DESK PAD (,
( CALENDAR for sale. Price, 10c. 7
\ POPE MAKUFACTDRIffG CO., /
\ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. X
STEARNS
BICYCLES!
For any one to purchase
a bicycle before seeing
" the
'96 STEARNS
Would be a matter of re-
gret. There's a differ-
ence in bicycles — there's
none like the STEARNS.
E.C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
DEVASY, HOrKISS & CO., City Agents.
• . ■ . . .■• ■
' ■ .as
■B" LS B? 1 -=
THE
FOR i
... . J .~* ---.— - ■ 1 96
THE WHITE RIMWED HUMMER IS THE COMER
HOOKER & CO.
Retail Store-No. 1640 Market Street
Cyclery—Cor. Page and Stcnyan Streets.
Wholesale Deo't— 16-18 Drumm Street, S. F.
V COAST AGENTS FOR
- NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
— : op — :
Ladies' and Children's
In connection with the MARVELOUS BARGAINS that are
drawing- such crowds to our Great Midwinter Clearance Sale we
to-day offer an extra attraction in the shape of a GIGANTIC
SPECIAL PURCHASE of Ladies' and Children's Hosiery and
Underwear, which we bought at a TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE, and
in turn offer
AT ONLY ABOUT HALF PRICE!
nl UliLB nUUUI llfiLE 2 iBIULi
At 1 6 Cents a Fair-.
173 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and
toes, Hermsdorf black, sizes 5 t to 8' 2 inches, worth $3 per dozen, will be placed on
sale at 15c a pair. ,
A+. ia% C<?nt3 a Fair*
167 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, seamless,
double heels and toes, worth $3 per dozen, will be placed on sale at 12'^c a pair.
At S?5 Cents a Fair*.
159 dozen CHILDREN'S REAL FRENCH BLACK RIBBED MACO COTTON HOSE,
double heels and toes, guaranteed fast black, sizes 5^ to B}£, worth $6 per dozen,
will be placed on sale at 25c a pair, all sizes.
At IS'j Cents a Pair.
163 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes, mode and tan shades,
worth $2 50 per dozen, will be placed on sale at 12^c a pair.
A.t 1 5 Cents a Fair*.
154 dozen LADIES' RIBBED TOP BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and toes,
Hermsdorf black, also black boot and colored top combinations, worth $3 per dozen,
will be placed on sale at 15c a pair.
At 3 5 Cents a Fair*.
123 dozen LADIES' 1-1 RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes,
warranted fast black, worth $<j per dozen, will be placed on sale at 25c a pair.
At 25 Cents Bach.
78 dozen LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS, high neck, long sleeves andjhigh neck,
short sleeves, worth 50c, will be placed on sale at 25c each.
At 5O Cents Eaoh.
69 dozen LADIES' HYGIENIC VESTS AND DRAWERS, non-irritating, always soft
and more durable than the ordinary knit, natural color only, worth $1, will be
placed on sale at 50c each.
At SO Cents Each.
31 dozen LADIES' GENUINE SWISS-RIBBED ALL-SILK VESTS, high neck, lone
sleeves, -mall sizes only, sky, pink and cream color, worth $1 50, will be placed on
sale at 60c each. ;"."■■
/ MfSr^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Sarlet Street corner ot Jones, /
S^^3NT T T R..A.3NrCISCO.
AUCTION SALES. I
ABSOLITE AICTIO.\ sale.
ON ACCOUNT OF
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS j
I WILL OFFER THE
Entire Stock aiH Fixtures
OF
COLONEL A. ANDREWS
The Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery St.
COMMENCING
; To-Morrow, January 9, 10:3011
And Continuing Daily until all is
disposed of, the stock consisting of
The Finest Precious Stones,
Watches, Jewelry,
Silverware, Etc.
Snle absolute without limit or reserve j
to cloge the business.
JOHN H. FRENCH,
• ■ Auctioneer. |
TURKISH RUGS
AT AUCTION THIS DAY,
At 2 o'clock.
SALESROOM, No. 16 POST ST.
WILI, E. FISHER & CO.,
Auctioneers.
j
_Jsc *• Ci SfIVS
bWSpK Fare
«s/...^yjf'; YVords
By jTi
Buying &L
A ' Ct Q5
40 «W
$85 ', yh
. Indiana Bicycle Co.,
. J. 8. WELL, Manager,
18 and 20 McAllister St., S. F.
AUCTION SALES.
TllflßOlCllliKED RACEHORSES
fe &* SS» fe
THE PKOPKKTY OF
id. ar- i-.3rjKro3Ea:
OF THE ARIZONA STABLE
TO BE
SOLD AT AUCTION
ON
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 8, 1896,
At 1 P. M. at
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
KILLIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
30 MontgomPry street, San Francisco.
AUCTION!
THURSDAY,
THURSDAY JANUARY 16, 1896*
AT 12 M., BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
-A-t Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Sell by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Miss'on block 48 bounded by 15th,
16th, Harrison and Folsoni. belonging to the City,
fronting about 63 feet on 16lh and 123 feet OH Har-
rison; depths irregular: diagrams at our otlice: 10
per cent of purchase price to be paid to the auc-
tioneer; remainder on acceptance of bid by Mayor
Sutro, who reserves the right to reject auy and all
bids.
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS.
Brannan and iiluxoiue Street Lotii.
100x120— S. line of Brannan st., 200 feet W. Of
4th: silso ' ...
60x120— X. line of Bluxome st., 250 W. of 4th.
To be sold as a whole or in lots.
Rents $184 ; FoUom, Shotwell and 17th,
245x140— As a whole or in lots— Entire N. front
of 17th, bet. Folaom and Shotwell, fronting 140 on
Folsoru and Shotwell, with t-nnlc factory leased at
$140 to hepteniber, 1897, and 4 cottages on Fol-
soni st.
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Rent 9187.
59:8x63:9— 5E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts. '
65:10x63:9— E. line of Stockton; 81:8 S. of
Clay; the. whole covered by Chinese stores nnd
dwellings, payiug at greatly reduced rents $187
per month.
Page, near Market ; Rents 9-76.
27:6x120—117-119 Pace and 126-128y 3 Rose
avo., \V. of Qongh; li/j hlo.-ks from Market; mod-
ern improvements; rents reduced lroin $120.
Sacramonto-St. Cor. Cheap; Rent Slf».
30x46—929 Sacramento: s\V. cor. of Prospect
place, above Stockton; both streets accepted.
Ntitoma, bet. 3d and New Montgomery.
20x70— 140 Natoma; front and rear house; rent
$30 ; sure to Increase in vulue.
SE. Cor. California and 21st Aye.
57:6x100— A fine corner; superb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
logs.
22d, Residence, Near Guerrero.
25x114—741 22d: 7 looms and bath; the house
is in need nf repairs, bat with a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
17th, near Howard ; Rent. 849.
25x100—214 17th, bet. Howard and Capp; rents
$49; laundry pays $35 and has lease.
Noe and Henry Street Lot.
25x80 each— 2 lots K. line of Noe. running 25
feet s. of Henry; 1 block from Market.
25x75- S. line of llenry, 80 feet IC. of Noe; 1
block from Market.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUt,
Editor nn<3 Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajre Free:
rsily and Sunday Cam., one week, bj carrier.. $O.IS
Taily ■od Sunday Cam,, onr year, by mail — 6.00
Daily audSur.dayCAi.i-, six months, hy mall.. 8.00
r*ilr and Snndny Cam., throe mon'.lia by mall 1.50 !
Daily and .Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Enoday Call, one year, by mall..' 1.50
TIKU Call, one yenr, by mall 1.50
BUSINESS OPFICE:
710 Marfcet Street,
Son Francisco, Cnlifornla.
Telephone : Main-I§6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
l>'ei>koce Main— lß74 j
. BRANCH OFFICES:
BSO Jtru'goruerj street, corner Clay; open until
S:?0 o'clock.
$SS H«res street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Laru'.n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
mili o'clock.
»618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
llt» Siiatn street; open until 9o'clocic
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 nnd 32, 34 Perk Row. New York City.
DAVID 31. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 8, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Calling it a "popular loan" will never
make it popular.
The need of the time is an immediate
ultimatum on bond issues.
Between Cleveland and the goldbugs
the bonds of sympathy are many.
Since Democrats must fight among them
selves it is well that they tight Buckley.
The noisy bonding band plays on, and
every note increases the debt of the people.
The Cubans are marching on Washing
ton as well as on Havana, and recognition
is in the air.
If Cleveland does not look out the next
emergency he will have to face will be an
impeachment.
The debate en the bond bill in the Senate
will be long enough to get all around
G rover, as fat as lie is.
When the next Tan-American Congress
assembles Cuba should have a voice in it,
and a free voice at that.
The Academy of Sciences has sworn oS
the old and will try to make the new year
the beginning of a new era.
It ijegins to look as if General Gomez
. take rank among the liberators of
America, and share honors with Bolivar.
lue foreign policy of this country should
B t a iimit to th<t barbarisms of the Turk
as well as to the land-grabbing of the
Tlie Senate bill providing for the issue
of inure silver instead of more bonds will
c and give the goldbugs a
duel: fit.
The administration is willing to issue
any kimi of bunds except such as would
provide for the construction of the Nica
raguan canal.
It appears that in the matter of State
il books there is wanted a good trial,
not only for the books but for the official
in charge of them.
The voice that demands protection for
Armenia speaks in the language of civili
zation and Christianity, but the meaning
is that of a common humanity.
in his various loans, Cleveland has fur
nished the country with a good many
issues for the next campaign, and poor old
Democracy will have to carry them all.
It is again reported that Harrison is a
candidate for matrimony, but perhaps in
this as in tne Presidential race he is only
receptive, and waits the possibilities of the
leap year.
Salisbury continues to be opposed to an
arbitration of the Venezuelan boundary,
but it is believed ho will have sense enough
to consent to what will be called a "diplo
matic equivalent."
It would be a good plan for the Senate
to pass the 3 per cent bond bill at once,
and let the country see if Cleveland would
have the audacity to veto It and stick to
his 4 per cent issue.
There is said to be in the Senate a
majority of ten for free silver, and con
sequently the gold bugs have to work all
their schemes through the Cleveland mill,
and be quick about it.
Kaiser William evidently meant busi
ness in recognizing the complete inde
pendence of the Transvaal, for he will ap
point a German Consul at Pretoria and
try to build up a trade.
There are two things the Senate should
do before it enters upon the discussion of
partisan measures — one is to pass tne tariff
bill for greater revenue, and the other is to
re-enact the reciprocity law.
The San Diego Union issued a large New
Year's number consisting in its special fea
ture of exhaustive descriptive articles de
voted to the resources and attractions of
San Diego, and illustrative and artistic
pictures.
The Marysville Appeal appeared on the
Ist mat. as a carefully prepared special
edition containing historical data of local
interest and a statement of the lines on
which the future prosperity of Marysviile
will jiroceed.
Chamberlain intended to make his co
lonial policy a vigorous one. but he has
found so many of the colonies cavorting
aronnd over the land of other folks that
b.» lias had to pu! in all his time trying to
stand the other folks off and has no time
in attend to the < olonies themselves.
President Bartleti ... the Nicaraguan
Canal Company ma :ood point
against the report of the Government
commission by calling attention to the
fact that the commission spent only four
teen days i;i examining the line of the
canal and tiu-u undertook to set aside
the estimates made by men who had
spent years on the work.
The efforts of the Young Men's Institute
to prect in this City a suitaole building of
Us own should be :oi\iially supported «md
assisted by all liberal men. Every asso
ciation tluit tends to surround the youth
of tbe City witli good influences confers
benefits that are feU beyond the limits of
its membership, and in thi.> way the Young
Hen's Institute has already rendered a
tent service to all to merit the co
oi»eration of all in ihe enterprise it has
now uudertakin.
AN OPPORTUNITY SEIZED.
The cheerful openness with which the
Southern Pacific Company announces its
intention to take immediate advantage of
an opportunity to raise the rates on east
bound freight not only furnishes a com
plete clew to its conduct in the past, but
throws a strong light upon its future con
duct if it succeeds in securing the passage
of a funding bill and the defeat of the
Nicaragua canal. "It will be, I under
stand," said one of the company's princi
pal officers the other day, "about three
months before the lines operating via
Panama wilt be able to supplement their
present inadequate service, and we pro
pose to take the opportunity of making a
profit on the business we may do in the
meantime." This announcement is ex
plained by another, to the effect that the
raise will be made on articles for which
there is isthmian competition, and by the
declaration that on these articles the com
pany is tired of getting only expenses and
a small prolit out of the traffic.
It has been decided to advance the rate
to Buffalo and Pittsburg on canned goods
25 per cent and on borax 50 per cent, the
rate to New York on canned goods, borax,
wine, beans and grain 50 per cent, and on
brandy in wood 41 per cent, and the rate
to Chicago on canned goods 15 per cent.
The Panama Railway, with its Pacihc Mail
ally, will make still higher advances on
all these commodities.
These advances are to be made simpjy
because the power to make them came
from the creation of a monopoly by an
agreement between the Pacilic Mail and
the Panama Railway. Mr. Huntington
directs both the Pacific Mail and the
Southern Pacific. "Whether the industries
of California can bear this tremendously
increased strain is a matter for the pro
ducers and manufacturers themselves to
determine.
The boldness of this move is its most
significant feature. It is taken at a time
when efforts are being made by Congress
to rlace construction and control of the
Nicaragua canal in the hands of the
United States Government, and it seems
to indicate an assurance on the part of Mr.
Huntington that the effort will fail and
that the Government will not become a
factor in the regulation of overland traffic.
It betrays an equal confidence in the pass
ing of a funding bill, as it seems incredi
ble that Mr. Huntington, unless he is per
fectly sure of his ground, would dare thus
to challenge the opponents of the funding
scheme to do their worst.
California is thus placed in a deplorable
position. It is given distinctly to under
stand that its industries are to be more
severely ridden by a monopoly than ever;
that it^ already meager prolits are to be
reduced, and that it seed not expect any
relief either from the Nicaragua canal or
the defeat of the funding bill. The situa
tion is very serious and urgent and calls
for the greatest effort to avert its evils.
THE NEW ACADEMY.
After many years of injurious wrang
ling the Academy of Sciences has been re
organized. The old regime, which has held
power for so long, has been forced to sur
render to a faction which calls itself more
progressive. The new idea is to expand the
membership by taking in some who are
not professional scientists. That was the
principal issue, though minor ones of a
somewhat personal character cropped up.
The old plan was to limit the membership
to those with whom the pursuit of scien
tific studies is a lifetime matter.
The triumph of the new and more liberal
plan will undoubtedly find general ap
proval. The efforts of the most advanced
scientific researches are largely directed to
the securing of practical results which
shall bring substantial benefit to the race.
Thus the most brilliant achievements and
the greatest personal renown have been
secured by Pasteur in his search for means
to cure and prevent dreadful human ail
ments, by Lombroso in unveiling the
mysterious association between crime and
congenital mental defects, and by Edison
in devisinc ingenious means for facilitat
ing business.
California offers the most alluring field
in the world for scientiGc investigation of
strange conditions, whose proper under
standing would add vastly to the measure
of human happiness. Those most aware
of the need of such study are not to be
sought among the absorbed students who
have no vital contact with the world, but
in the great army of earnest and intelli
gent men and women who are the active
agents for extracting nature's benefits. It
is well that a reasonable number of these
should be admitted into the Academy of
Sciences. They will bring with them a
broad understanding and that order of
hard common-sense which knows how to
organize living forces and suppress petti
ness and personal spites and jealousies.
The election of David Starr Jordan as
president furnishes the key to the new
situation. Besides being a scholar of ex
cellent scientific attainments and broad
comprehension, he is eminently a man of
the world-building type, and is in close
touch with the stern practical side of life.
When we add to these qualifications an
incredible capacity for work, a fine organ
izing and directing ability, an eager fond
ness for knowledge and a kindly and gen
erous disposition, we have a complete
portrait of the man for the place. That
he will brine to bear upon the conduct of
the academy all the qualities which fit him
for its direction, and make it tiie focus ol
all the scattered and dormant energies
which are ready to be applied in utilizing
the institution for the good of the people,
there is every reason to believe.
THE CAUSE OP ARMENIA.
The affairs of Venezuela, Cuba and the
Transvaal Lave to a considerable extent
distracted public attention from the mas
sacres in Armenia. These atrocities, how
ever, have by no means ceased. Nothing
as yet has been done to check them. They
still constitute the most serious outrage
that offends the world at this time, and
are the more offensive inasmuch as they
are not outrages of one nation against
another but of barbarisms and supersti
tions against humanity itself.
For the sake of no international disputes,
however great or exacting, can the Ameri
can people afford to overlook or neglect
tbe despairing cry of the wretched people
in Armenia. Their call appeal to every
generous and noble instinct of the heart.
Nations may hesitate, but individuals
must to every need of humanity respond
with as much of help as each can give.
It lies not in our power unaided to right
the wrongs of that stricken people, nor to
stay the hand of the merciless Turk, but
we can do something. A resolute ex
pression of the moral sentiment of
America will be felt in Europe, and when
a sentiment equally strong is awakened
there, the governments of the nations will
be forced to act, the cruelty will be staved
and another great victory won for the
cause of humanity al! round the world.
It is fortunate that at this time, when
public attention is so largely attracted to
other things, we are to have a mass
meeting nest Monday to recall this great
duty to our people. Nearly all the greater
cities of tbe Union have spoken on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY S, 1896.
subject and we must speal: also. Our
voice, like that of our sister cities, will
speak with the tone of no class or creed or
race, but of a common humanity. It will
be the voice of man speaking for his fellow
man, and the heart of every citizen should
add feeling to eive it emohasis.
The duties of our Government in refer
ence to matters of this kind are not clearly
defined. We have a Monroe doctrine for
this Hemisphere, but no settled policy for
dealing with the rest of the world. The
Turkish problem is not a problem for us.
We have no National interests in that part
of the globe to be affected one way or an
other whether the flag that flies above the
Golden Horn bear the crescent or the cross.
We have thus far interfered there only to
protect American citizens residing under
Turkish rule. This, however, is not the
full limit either of our right or our duty.
The old saying, "blood is thicker than
water," applies in this base. The influ
ence of our Government should be exerted
to put a stop to such atrocities as those com
mitted in Armenia, whether the victims
are our own people or those of another
race.
The importance of making the coming
mass-meeting truly representative of the
City will be felt by all who take an interest
in the subject. Those who have issued the
call for it have arranged to make it include
all citizens without regard to any differ
ences on other mattera that might exist.
All that is left to be done, therefore, is for
the people generally to make up their
minds to attend the meeting. It should
be large enough, to assure the speakers of
the public indorsement of their words and
make it known to all that San Francisco
stands with the rest of the civilized world
in upholding every cause that makes for
the welfare of humanity.
A QUEER DISCOVERY.
The looseness with which the public af
fairs of the City have been conducted is
illustrated in an interview with Peter T.
Seculovich, published in Tuesday's Call.
Mr. Seculovich, who is a heavy taxpayer,
recalls an act of the Legislature approved
April 2, 1866, and amended in 1868, grant
ing the right to construct and operate a
street railway in San Francisco from the
foot of Post street to Dupont, thence to
Market and out Fifth and Kentucky streets.
He discovers that a condition of the fran
chise was that the City might buy the
road at the end of fifteen years from the
date of its completion, if the municipality
should so elect, and he argues that as the
road was completed in July, IS7O, and that
as the City has not bought the road, the
franchise has expired. This is a conclusion
of law which only a regular adjudication
might be sufficient to establish.
]!'> makes another point, however, and
it is much more tangible. It is that the
act granting the franchise required the
company to pay to the City annually a
license fee of $50 for each car that it oper
ated. He discovers that this has not been
paid, and believes that the present owner
of the road, the Market-street Railway
Company, ia liable for the whole amount,
which Mr. Scculovich estimates at $100,000.
He mnkes the reservation that possibly the
Board of Supervisors at some time relieved
the company of this obligation. If so, it
would be as interesting to know why it
was done as it is to speculate on the rea
sons for a failure to collect the license fee
in rase it was not done.
There likely would bo no more interest
ing pastime for some body of public-spir
ited citizens than to dig into the old rec
ords of the City and ascertain to what ex
tent the enforcement of laws has been neg-
lected and for what reasons. Xow that the
City Hall is being finished at last with a
very handsome and imposing dome it
might even be worth while to ascertain
why and under what circumstances the
City Hall Park, lying betwsen Market
street and the municipal building, was di
vided into lots and sold; whether the
transfer was legal and what ia the mean
ing of the fact that these lots are covered
with worthless shanties.
A digging up of the old records might
result in the discovery of things contain
ing all the fascinating elements of a
romance. Such burrowing might weaken
the foundations of a proud reputation
here and there, but in some cases the
sacredness of the grave intervenes and in
most others there is simply a blank ob
livion. The citizens who have gone into
history as strong and brave patriot.^ in the
office of Supervisor would not make a
formidable list; and yet there never has
been a time when a man of brains and
character could not have made himself the
idol of the people by doini; his whole duty
a3 a member of the Board of Supervisors.
The Market-street Railway Company
will not be worried over any discoveries
that Mr. Seculovich may make. It knows
too much about politics, Boards of Super
visors and bosses for that.
THE MUGWUMP ERA CLOSED.
The sudden change of the mugwumps from
admiration to detestation of Mr. Cleveland is
the conclusion of a curious political episode in
our history.
When the late Mr. Blame was nominated for
President by the Republican party, the mug
vurnps, at that time confined to tho ranks of
the Republicans, resented his selection on the
ground that ho was an unsafe man. Mr. Cleve
land had carried this State by a large and even
unprecedented majority. His opponent in that
canvass was Judge Folger, a man o£ the high
est and purest character and of great and un
questionable abilities, and objectionable only
on the ground of his political principles.
Every Democrat in the State was bound to
vote against him, but solely because lie was a
Republican.
A better man for Governor, personally, was
never nominated in this State. The personal
character and the natural ability of Mr. Cleve
land were not known, or, so far as they were
known, they came far short of mugwump re
quirements. According to the standard of
mugwump judgment, which professes to take
account of intrinsic qualifications rather than
mere political availability, Mr. Cleveland's
career had been unsatisfactory. It had been
an average American career, unless certain in
cidents of it should be set apart. The sou ot a
minister in New Jersey, he had been a teacher
in a deaf and dumb or perhaps a blind asy
lum, but his own education had been hap
hnzard.
The fact that he was elected Sheriff of Buf
falo not very long afl-r he had taken up his
residence in that thriving town indicates that
ho must have boon one of the "boys'" accord
ing to the contemptuous characterization of
the mugwump leader. Afterward Mr. Cleve
land was elected Mayer of Buffalo, and tie
would not have been elected to that office if
the people of tbe town had not had political
attachment to him. They knew him person
ally and they trusted him as a fellow citi2en.
Probably there is no other city of this Union
where the frame of municipal politics is played
more skillfully than in the prosperous town on
Lake Erie.
Ji might seem surprising, therefore, that the
mugwumps should go to Buffalo, of all places,
to find their political hierophant. Apparently
Judge Folger embodied the qualities ior which
the mugwumps were yearning, lie was a man
ot a spotless moral character and his political
principles were purely Republican. Appar
ently Sir. Cleveland was far from satisfying the
supcrsensitlvc mugwump perceptions; but he
had the quality which they lack, and instinc
tively they turned to him because of their de
ficiency in that attribute of manliness. Vitally,
Mr. Cleveland supplied a defect In the mutr
wump constitution.
Tiie mugwump revolt against him seems to
do violent in its hysterical manifestations, but
it amount* to nothing. It is a mere surface
manifestation. Mr. Cleveland baa now back
of him the sentiment of tbe American people,
and it is a safe reliance.
Whatever may happen, we shall at least have
a deliverance from emasculated mugwump
politics.— New York Sun. ■
AROUND THE CORRIBORS.
"Yes, if the Americans in South Africa say
Kruger, the President oi the Transvaal, is
right, then you ran bet it is true." remarked
the Honorable R. m. Dsggett. ex-Minister to
the Sandwich Inlands. a« he took a seat with
some gentlemen who found a little time to
chat during the lunch hour in the Palace
Hotel yesterday. Mr. Daggett has been a
printer, journalist, politician, Congressman,
diplomat, rancher; and a success in aIL
'•What's matter, Dag?" inquired a friend.
"Why, this business down in Africa— this
■ row among the Germans and English. I say
that if the few Americans down there have de- i
eiaed that old Kruger is in the right it must I
be so. You never see Americans taking sides i
with the wrong element. They are careful to !
defend the right man all the "
"How do we know that "
"Wait a minute. Let me tell you about the
American people. You don't seem to be con
versant with our methods. First of all, Ameri
cans are disposed to look carefully into any-
Hon. Rollin Mallory Daggett. Printer, Editor, Politician,
Diplomat, Rancher; and in All Successful.
[From a life sketch h>j a "Call" stuff arfi-t.^
thing of that kind before they announce
themselves, and when they reach, a conclusion
it is generally based upon a careful study of
the conditions. Secondly, there are not a suffi
cient number of them there to take absolute
possession, and they would on that account act
with discretion. Another point is this : There
has been a good deal of talk lately about Eng
land not wanting a fight. Don't fool yourself
on that point. They cun put up one of the
liveliest wars you ever saw, and when English
men begin to fight they fight like a house afire.
"The whole thing rests on the fact that the
Boers have been driven from place to place iv
South Africa, and finally, when they got to the
Transvaal, they declared that they had had
enough, and warned Enpiand to stand back
and keep her hands oft". Every American
down there knew that, and when this last
racket began they saw the condition of things,
and stood in with the Doers.
"When I talk about the habits and general
gait of the people of tiii.s country I am discus
sing something lam familiar with. Why, take
it up in the mining camps of this State. There
used to be a $8 a month mining tnx, and any
body who paid it could work along the placer
streams. Occasionally a Chinaman would be
ousted, and when the matter was sifted down
to the boitom it Invariably turned out that thf
purely American miners had nothing to do
with it. 1 have seeu Americans go twenty-five
miles to see that a Chinaman got justice so
long es he complied v. ith the law and put up
his money to work his claim, and you know
that Americans have no particular love for
Chinamen. Eut it is that innate sense of
justice that always as.-erts itself among then.
That is why I think the Boers in South Africa
arc in the right. The few Americans who arc
there have taken sides with Kroger, and you
can bet his cause is a just one.
'•There is no race of people in the whole
world so willing to do the right thing as the
Americans, and they generally succeed in do
ing the correct thing at the proper time. The
Chinese matter I refer to came to my notice
when I was a mere boy, just fresh from the
woods of Ohio and able to receive impressions.
All my life I have found Americans just and
Bquare in controversies that arise among
people of other nations, and on that basis and
that basis alone I will bet that the inhabitants
of the Transvaal have a just grievance ana
kicked at the right time. :>
A USEFUL HOUSE GOWK.
A flannel of black and sage-green siripp?,
with trimraines of black satin ribbon, forms
this charmiug and comfortable house gown,
which is fitted to the figure by one dart on
either side of the front, has tha usual back
forms, ■which form godet effects below lhc
waist. The sleeve is of the leg-o'-mutton
fih ape.
A light blue crepon had the Jaee set on to
outline a square yoke, and falling over the
sleeves. An incn border of brown iur finished
the edge of the ruffle. The front of the gown
was hooKed invisibly and a bow of wlaite rib
bon with long ends finished the front. The
neck had a collar of white satin, with tiny
points of the blue edged with fur set on either
Biae of the front.
A plain untrimmed wrapper of pink flannel
is most serviceable, as it may easily be
laundered. A collarette of white nainsook
ivith a narrow val. lace can bo made detach
able with turn up cuffs to match.
Or a pointed lace collar may be made into
elaborate accessory by tewing a ruffle of bright
striped ribbon around it, making it into a
point at each point of the lace collar and tack
ing it there. A white flannel frown, with
white lace collar and blue and white striped
ribbon was vory dainty. A stock collar of the
ribbon finished' the neck.
The model is very useful for wraDpers of
wash fabrics, and is at the same time appro
priate for making up handsome tea gowns of
nny fabric, the trimming changing the char
acter of the garment entirely.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
A Sin to Sell Too Cheap.
Lo;li Sfntlnel.
It is a sin to sell one foot ol land in Cali
fornia for one cent less than its full value.
Encourage Improvement.
Woodland Democrat.
Encourage public and private enterprises
and improvements. They give employment to
labor, furnish a market to the people around
ÜB, keep our money. at home ana will give us
good times all ihe year round.
Lead rills.
Seattlu ost-lnul!igencer.
Uncle ."am now signs himself with an M. D.—
Monroe doctrine.
A Political Millennium. .
Oakland Times.
It will be the beginning of a political mil
lennium when the discussions of finance can be
; divested 01 party politics.
Conteut i.ikev. mo Contagious.
■\Vat.sonvilio Hustler.
The g...-pel of discontent has no more ef
fec'ive advocate than the mail who persists in
talking about hard times.
They AVant the Earth.
Sacramento Record-Union.
Xotning could have happened more to our
hand in aid of our position us to Venezuela and
the Monroe doctrine than the attempt of
Jameson to invade the rights of the Boers. It
uncovered an English policy that, otherwise
might have had but little public attention.
The Sin of Omission.
Vaeaville Reporter.
Gladstone coined the phrase "the unspeak
able Turk." Viewed in the light of the situ
ation in Armenia Mr. Gladstone had better try
his hand at coining an expression which will
do justice to the situation in Armenia and the
toleration by England of repeated massacres,
jvhich have as their sole object the annihila
tion oi the Armenian people. •.;'.-.■.:
Stirring Hornets' \i>.tv
Woodland 3Ia!L
It looks as though the English who invaded
the Transvaal Republic jumped into a hornets'
nest. The English are decidedly out of luck of
late. The chances arc that some very im
portant pages of history will b<j written dur
ing iho next twelve months. Some of Napo
leon's relatives may see that great general's
strongest desire gratified, the complete
humiliation of Englauu.
THE SUN AND THE TIDE.
Jnrii by inch up the sandy bar
Crept tii* tide at the close of day
Inch by inch in the west, afar
The 3uu dropped down till ihe sky was gray.
Mingling in with the murmuring strife,
From v wretohed hot at the end of town,
Tlu- first taint cry of an Infant life
As the title came up and the sun went down.
If.
Inrli by inch from the sandy bur
Drowx'd the ti.ie ut the break of day-
Inch by inch at the east aft i
The sun crept up auci the sky was gay.
Blending In with the billowy strife,
From the wretched hut nt the end of town,
The lint faint sigh of a mother's life
As the sun came up and the tide went down.
Albkrt Biuki-ow PAINK.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Two American missionaries guard the King
oi Korea at night.
The now baby of the Duchess of York makes
the twenty-th'th great-granachild of Queen
Victoria.
Tring Park, the beautiful Hertfordshire
estate of Lord Rothschild, was once the resi
dence of Noll Gwynne.
Sir Edward Malet, after a Jong diplomatic
eare«r, has entered upon the more perilous one
of writing opera librettos.
Joseph Jefferson has bought back the old
homestead at Undercliff, N. J., where he lived
for forty years, and which he sold when ho
built Crow's Nest at Buzzards Bay.
Elizabeth Burrell Curtis, a daughter of
George William Curtis, has taken to making
speeches. Her favorite theme is "Modern
Knights," but notwithstanding this she is still
an old maid.
It may be of interest to learn that of the
fourteen new stars discovered within the past
300 years, four were discovered by Mrs. Flem
ing of the Harvard Observatory— namely, one
in the constellation of Perseus, in ISS7; one in
If you want a sure relief for rains in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an . ' . '
/jLllwOwK S Plaster
; ir IciSTCf
t? rt Bear IN IND - Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. ' '
kira^nk. a^. ml. r«»^ k.%. —^ '_. . ... '
Norma in 1803, and one each in Carina and
Centaurus during the present year.
»
Mayor Curtis of Boston made a sensible
observation when he declared at a recent din
ner that "the failures in American politics are
due not so much to the perverseness o! the
ignorant as to tne sloth among the educated."
Adrian Hickman of Bath, Me., owns a swim
ming and diving sparrow. The little creature
takes to water as naturally as a duckling, nnd
swims rapidly alter bread crumbs. It will
dive beneath the surface at the word of com
mand.
Colonel Charles King, the military novelist,
with his half-pay salary and his revenue from
his book?, is very comfortably fixed in life, lie
is a handsome, soldierly man of about 50, with
gray hair and mustache and a bronzed com
plexion that life as a civilian has not bleached.
The Sheik ben Aissa, who died at Medeah,
near Algiers, recently, was 115 years old. The
other remarkable thing about him was that he
possessed a sacred seal, the holding of which
endowed himself and hiß whole tribe with the
magic property of handling poisonous snakes
with impunity.
PERSONAL.
B. F. Tilton of Sonoma is in the City.
Colonel 11. S. Blood of Angels is in town.
Dr. T. D. Blodgett of Tulare is in the City.
C. A.Durfee, a fast-horse raiser of Los An
geles, is here.
R. M. Wilsou, a miner of Great Falls, Mont
is at the Rusr.
Thomas F. Walker, a merchant of Watson
ville, is at the Grand.
James Dennan of Adelaide, South Australia,
arrived here yesterday.
1). R. Oliver, a prominent real estate broker
of Stockton, is in the City.
A. D. Gassoway, a raining superintendent of
Nevada City, is at the l^ick.
J. L. Fisher, a business man and mine-owner
of Prescott, Ariz., Is at the Grand.
Naval Officer John P. Imh left the City last
evening to see the "Great Father" in Washing
ton.
J. W. Enos of Tacoma, for some time vice
president of the Metropolitan Bank theie, is at
tho IViace.
B. W. Cobb, one of the owners in an exten
sive book-publishing house in Cleveland, is at
the Baldwin.
John G. Agar, one of the owner? of the Cali
fornia Hotel, has come up from San Mateo.
Wiliiam F. Agar of New Orleans is also at the
same hotel. •
L. Zimmerman, who for some years has been
interested in an extensive pork-packing estab
lishment at Portland, and who has recently
sold out for $50,000, is at the Palace.
Dr. 11. Law and family have returned from a
nine months' pleasure trip in Europe, daring
which time they visited Italy, Spain, France,
Germany, Holland, Belgium and the British
Isles.
.1. If. Wilnans, who owns an extensive ranch
near Newman and who la raising fine sheep
and cattle, im in the City. Mr. Wilnatu is also
Interested in geld properties in Tuolumnc
County.
Thomas E. Casndy and wife of Council Bluffs
are at the Palace Hotel. Mr. Casady is As
■istant Tailed States Attorney for the Western
District of lowa. His present trip to California
is a wedding journey.
F. Krickson, one of the contractors on the
Pacific Coast Railroad, below Uuadaloupe, in
San Luis Obispo County, is at the Grand. He
says that on the different perls of the road
formerly as many as 1200 or 1300 men were
working, out they arc all laid off now.
Ethel Brandon struck another streak of hard
luck at Stockton last week and her engagement
at the Avon was the usual frost. In this case
she mv the sufferer by the conviviality of her
leading man, who got loaded and failed to ap
pear, leaving his part to be played by a substi
tute. Miss Brandon was given a benefit at Ma
sonic Temple.— Music and Drama.
E. S. de Golyer, who is interested in mining
in Calaveras County, is in the City. Helms
lately been on an extended trip to Leadville,
Denver anil Cripple Crtek. Tie thinks the boom
in Cripple Creek will soon br«ak. The stocks
have reached an enormous height. As for the
work in the district .Mr. de (iolyer says there
are more holes in the ground than there ever
were at Leadville. The rock is rather soft and
more progress can be made than in the old
carbonate camp. When all is said Mr. ae Golyer
is well satisfied with California mines.
CALIFOKNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW Yor.K, >■'. V., Jin. 7.— Among recent
arrivals are: ¥ J. Bates. Imperial; W. A. Bis
sell, Holland : D. McCullough, St. Cloud; Mrs.
Edwards, Sturtevant; \V. .1. .liortwell, Stewart;
Miss 11. Heieht, Windsor; J. Teggart, West
minster; C. H. Wood, Grand.
HUMOR. OF THE HOUR.
"What sort o' place do you reckon heaven
Is?" said Mosely Wragg.s, slowly shifting his
seat on the park beoco and looking dreamily
out over the blue lake.
"The Good Book snys it's a place o' rest." re
plied Tuff old Knutt, squinting contemplatively
at the sun.
"It won't be mneh of a change, will it?" re
joined Moaely W rages, after a long pause.—
Chicago Daily Tribune.
Mr. Cotton— l want to hire a man. Have
you had any experience as a floor-walker?
Applicant— Have IT Well, the feliow in the
Hat under me plays the cornet most of the
night.— Youkers Statesman.
Magistrate— You must be subjected to a
great many temptations— you are upbeforemo
bo often.
Prifoner— Dat's de fac', boss. Dis here am de
world of temptations and trials. But de trials
hit me de hardest, boss.— Hartford Times.
"How pale the moon is!"
"It stays out at night."— New York Times.
Not Strictly Professional.— "Tliat young doc-
NEW TO-DAY.
|WWMIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIMIMI)IHII IMtl
"Sashes li Pcras
i Ex .15 D&ys."
Said Hon. W. W. Kinlock, editorially in!
his paper, Christian County Republican, •
Ozark, Mo.: "I took two boxes NO-TO-
BAC a year ago, it destroyed desire for
tobacco, and I gained 11 pounds in 15
days. This is not a paid notice, bst
our experience given in he^es many
other poor tobacco slaves may take NO-
TO-BAC and be freed." A natural easy
way to quit tobacco-using. Take
RiO-TO-BAC. HHI
We tell Iha truth about HO- %2ip'
TO-BAC, for if it tails to cure, you get
your money back. Just try a single
box. It will work wonders; make
you happy in more ways than one. No
excuse because of lack of faith, for
you can buy under your own
BRuaaisrs sumwee.
to cure every form of tobacco usin^
Our written Kuarantee, free sample
No-To-bac and booklet called, "Don'fc
■ Tooacco S^t and Smoke Your £ffe
Away." mailed for the asktne Ad-
, dress TH E STERLING REME&Y CO..
, Chicago, Montreal, Can., New York. 72 ■
mi in | iniiiiiniinn
CASCARETS can<l oatbartlo
U^^AK£ B
tor makes an immense number of calls on Mrs.
Orlc •>>'. Is sne yer >' sick? "
"No; she is very pretty."— Truth.
' Kittie, what are the women doincr, now that
their Bible is finished?"
"We've got up a lovely diagram to prove thnt
Mrs. Shakespeare wrote the plays."— Chicago
Record.
"Mamma, didn't the vicar say that the na
tives of Congalooloo wore no clothes?"
"Yes, darling."
"Then why did papa put a button in the col
lection-box?"— Punch.
"How does it happen," remarked the captain
to the lieutenant, "you didn't marry old Rich.
man's daughter?"
"Oh, the family was dead against it."
"But, what about the girl?"
"Well, you see, *he happened to be one of
the family."— Tit-Bits.
Broken, Mixed Candies, 10c Ib. Townsend's. •
FiKfiAL information daily to manufacturer,
business houses and public men by tiiu Preai
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Augustine Birrell is in a state of voluble rage
because the London reporters, in quoting a
little speech of his, made him use the phrase
"resurrected in the flesh." The author of
"Obiter Dicta" says he positively couldn't
have used those words, and that everybody—
even reporters— should have known it.
Nervous troubles are caused by impoverished
blood, the nerves not l,eicg properly nourished
The way to cure nervousness Is to purify the blood
by taking Hood's SarsaparUla.
CHICAGO LIMITKD.
VIA SA3STA FK KOOTK.
A new train throughout begins October 29.
rullman'3 finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reeiintnsr
chair cars and dlnins-cars. Lo<« Angeles to Chi
cego, via Kansas City, without change. Anner
cars on sharp connection for Denver and St.
.Louis. Twenty-seven noun quicker than th«
quickest competing train. The Santa *• ha» basn
put in tint; physical condition anU is now 'Mo Ujj:
transcontinental railway.
"3lrs. Wtauloir'l Boothlßg Syrnrt"
Hns been used over fifty yean by millions of motif
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tho Botveli
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arlsiug from teething or other causes. For saio o/
Druggists in every part of the world. Ec .-mro.t.il
ask lor .Mrs. W'insloWa Soothing Syrjp. 2jj .
L Htla.
The .Julian Ooldilinlng Company, recently in
corporated, opened ofli^s at &2H Montgomery
street, room 7. They will open up the three
ledges on - their 120 acres of mineral land
acquired from Jj. Schilling, five miles from Julian
City, Cnl. The secretary is ready to dispoa ■ of
some working capital stork for cash or on easy
terms. Tho money thu3 received will by for «t
--tracting quartz ai:<i erecting a stamp-mill on the
property. Two extensions of this company on the
same ledge pay at 150 feet deep?4o to $50 per ton.
Coroxado. — Atmosptiprn is perfectly dry. soft
nnd mild, and is eiiurely free from tho mists com
mon further north, ilound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at. the Hotel del
Coronado, .S6O: longer a: ay $S 50 per day. Appl/
4 New Montgomery st.. s«i Fra'iclsco.
Thkbels youthfifl ness and good looks fn a fine
head of hair. If yours is harsh, faded, gray or
scanty, use Parkkr's Hath ISai.shm.
NEV ■ TO-DAY.
Sole Agents for the .Muggioni Kid Gloves.
A . .-.-.,: .
Month
Of
Special Sales.
Dnring this month prior to our annual stock-
taking we shall hold h series of Special Casb
Sales in every department.
Each
Special
Offered
Will be exhibited in our show windows and
will, be marked
At
Prices
Unheard of
Before
And will comprise the following lines:
LACES, RIBBONS, GLOVES,
NECKWEAR, HANDKERCHIEFS',
UNDERWEAR, HOSIERY,
SILKS AND TRIMMINGS.
EXAMINE OUR SHOW-WINDOWS.
FIRST CLOSLW-OIT SALE!
—3000—
Silk
Remnants.
They comprise nearly nil the styles shown this
season, including Evening and Fancy Shades in
Taffeta Silks,
Gros de Londres,
Peau de Soie,
Fancy Armure
India Silks, And Satins,
Checks and Piaids,
Persian Effects,
Fancy Stripes,
Inlensrths from 2 to 15 yards, to be sold at once
without regard to COST or VAL.UK.
Don't miss this sale if yon wish to secure a
GENUINE BARGAIN.
binTleison,
125,127, 129, 131 Kearny Street
BKANCH STOKE-743 and 744 Market
. Str«M-t.
*— —-————____
w . VScdnesday, Jan. Bth.
(g Frank Siddall's Soap at
f J Be. a bar to-day. Every-
jl day price 10 cts. Pen-
lm nies given if acceptable.
I'M Complete lists at your command.
hjl SMITH'S CASH STORE,
"** ! 4 1 8 Front St, S. F.
"' ■ ■■ ' ■ ■ • ■ -'■':■i , >■. \:.y - -
AMUSEMENTS.
FALim-iN Thkatkk.-' Daughters of Eve."
i . »TE»- " H.lliilPt."
loi.vmbja TiiKATKu-"The J^ost 1 UadlM."
MoßOßco's orKRA-IlocsE— The Fugitive';
Tjvni.i OrERA-TlorsK.— "lxion:or, The Man of
the Vv.J;..el .'■
Okphi i-m.— lliuh'-Class Vatidpvi'.k-.
Onbyj b's Ai.c*7,\v.-"My Trecious Baby."
Macponocgh THKATXB (Oakland) — RICC'S
BiK " 149-. '
M*« vi tvt ■ < i:n — Daily at Uaight street
< 1 1 - 1 'ock < BSt of tlio Park.
l_*-i 1):m-i:ht Ti:ack.— Hace?.
AUCTION SAI-KS.
By WiixE. 1 imii k Co.— This day (Wednes-
day). Turkish Rugs, at 16 I'os: st., at 2:00 r. m.
By Kiixir >t Co.— <lay (Wednesday)
thoroughbred racoliorses, at Bay District Track,
at 1 r. v.
r.v Yon Ehkin Co.— Thnrsdav, January 16,
Real Knaw, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12 lock.
Xv John H. Frknch.— January 9,
Watcher Jewelry, etc., at 221 Moatgoruery* St.,
al H.)::«»a. si.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Pr. \V. A. Vigcuraux died in this City yester
day.
T :i!ia M. A. Collins, a pioneer of this
. .-. v, ay yesterday.
Archbishop Riordan disputes a rumor re
garding the Almsbouse management.
- roots Ashworth has de
murred to the accusation against him.
Ko charges have been preferred as yet against
Rev. Dr. Brown, and it is asserted that he will
-:en.
beth Hermann is sueing tho National
Slavonic Society fm-^GOO benefits due on the
of her nusband.
The local passenger ticket agents are organ
■. association, with a strict ngree
oiaintain
Lieutenant W. R. Hamilton leemred in the
Y. M. C. A. Hall upon the military and naval
I of the United state-;.
The preliminary examination of the men
■ : eside robbery commenced
" fore .! udge Low.
h Simon he.? commenced suit to set
aside iveying » lot on Montgomery
to Annie Karnieli
•'Krroil Cook tell afoul of Judge Wallace yes
terday and :is a result he will tie sentenced for
■ next i riday morning.
nses that passed the -.\ ire in front at
the Ha.. District ; • ■ re: Irma, Unity,
. Potentate, i Joe Hill.
is Mat tie Ove I yesterday to
[neness of letters
.-he :s char having written to Mrs.
Tunnel.
, . :■ - a was sued yesterday by Max
ser, the jeweler, toi ir'23s, and charged
with fraud ;or alleged neglect in not turning
over i
id threatening weather, probably
with • uras the warning issu
lal McAdie in regard to
I ither.
led Grangers' Bank was attached
■ 150 in a suit brought by Ex
-. ttit, who holds a certificate
r that amount.
An B made yesterday to oust the
; : the Manufacturer:*' and
I - ciation, and put a general
their stead, but the attempt failed.
Hoard of City Hal] Commissioners
the contractors for the dome yesterday
• ■ • finished in ninety
•id that no further extension would be
d.
tffin and J. J. Marshall, electricians
the Parrott building on Market
From the second story to the base
.ay afternoon and "escaped with
I
■ and IK'inicl King have petitioned to be (
. Iministratdrs of the estate of their
Kiiig, James Fargo, the pre
i or, having died. The estate :
is vk.u $214 000.
Harry Curtin, alias Llnley. the burglar who
:ito the saloon of Kaj.ij> ct Street, .Market
lay morning, was yesterday
' l ;e Superior Court by
- <•; to bonds.
the sick inspector; Sergeant
Martin, the hack insf.ector, and
■ irman, ni> assistant, were notiiied
lay that they must in future wear their
- v. bile on duty.
it was dec: i^ i at the meetingof the Woman's
Chri • ranee Union executive board
thai the birthday ot tl.e president,
Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet, should he celebrated
«t.~ franchise day by all the unions of the .>tate.
Mrs. Sadie Young, proprietress of a disrep
rior.se, has made affidavit thai Jesse
: Mrs. Lux, spent $800 with her
i< r wine early in ls>!>3. Other affidavits verify
thi* arid will form the basis for an Rttempt to
great Miller & Lax litigation.
• of Jerry Driscoll, charged with
the pool ordinance, was called iii
n's court yesterday and a con
■ wae granted till Friday, in the ex
that the decision on theGiveus ap
peal en>e would be rendered by that time.
-;r:ct Judge Morrow decided
•ay the damage case of Patrick G.
■ against tne steamer Willamette Val
•cl^ss return ticket he had
; • -rititled him to the pas
..! lodations it called for.
In the United .-sates Circuit Court of Ar>peate
irance Company oi New
■. appeal from the verdict of
000 twenty-year policy,
a jury of the United sitat»-s circuit
<r ol Mrs. Nellie Phinney, execu
•. I, Guy C. Phinney
of .-eattie, Wash.
NATIONAL WAR SCHOOLS
Military ami Nuvul Cadet Life De-
tcribed by Lieutenant W. K. H;uu
ilton of the Army.
Lieutenant W. R. Hamilton, U. S. A,,
professor of military science at the Uni
versity of Nevada, lectured last night in ;
the Y. M. C. A. auditorium unpon the
military and naval schools of the United
States. His pleasing descriptions of cadet
life and his narrations of the customs of
the Nation's schools of warfare were illus
trated with many stereopticon views of ■
scenes and incidents of peculiar interest.
He speke of the courses of instruction
together with the daily routine work from
the time the youth enters West Point, "a I
beast," previous to his assignment i
of a uniform, until, having survived the
ignominy of being a "pleb" or first-year
man, lie passes on up through the classes I
and is graduated at the end of four years. !
if he be among the first live he may {
choose any department of the service en- \
gineering, cavalry, infantry, artillery and !
so on. If he be in the next ten or more,
according to the size of the class and the
positions available for new cers, he may
choose any branch but engineering.
Every cadet has to attend dancing
school, the grace and ease r.c- I
<juired from the art being considered j
requisite to the comi'letp training of the |
offteer. The only exception to this rule is
the youth whose parents express con
scientious soruplps against dancing.
The cadet's day b .- ns at 5 o'clock in the
morning and ends at 10 o'clock at nieht,
when lights must be out in the rooms. No
pictures; no carpets, no wall decorations
are allowed, for aM the cadets must be on
a i.lai: of absolute equality, irrespective of
the means of their parents.
No spending money can be supplied
from me, and very little is allowed the j
cadet, from Ins . nnual salary offEOO, from
which his expenses are deducted, while
th* balance is reserved for him. .
Alter graduation from West Point the
ycun/ soldier may take post-graduate
work at one of the several schools for that
pnrpose. At Fortress Monroe heavy ar
tiiiorv is taught; at Forl Leavenworth
light artillery.
Lhe nrtval cadet learns more practical
navigation in one cruise than the ordinary ;
person i ould acquire in three years in the :
merchant service.
The West Point library contains between
50,000 and tjQ.OOQ voiunies and is the larg
est military library in the United States.
Jlroback Indicted*
rdintiinl W. CrobccU, the Ukiah printer
was [icted bf the Federal G rand Jury yester
day tor using tbe wails iin .; aU -business of
marketing vile literaiun..
THE RACETRACK ROBBERY.
Opening of the Preliminary Ex
amination Before Judge
Low.
DISCUSSION ANENT A MASK.
Several Witnesses Give Interesting
Testimony— Defendants Not Yet
in the Toils.
A strange, mixed crowd contributed its
varied quota to the wonted scenes of
: Judge Conlan's courtroom yesterday at
I the trial of the three men charged with
i the Christmas robbery near the Ingleside
track. Strange to say, a large number of
I women were present amid the nondescript
! throng, and one lady of distinguished ap
i pearance sat near the prisoners during the
entire session of the court. No one seemed
to know who she was, and her pale face,
: shrouded in its sombei drapery of widow's
i mourning, attracted no little attention,
: both from its youthful beauty and its look
i of deep absorption.
Judge Low occupied the bench, Judge
■ Conlan having declined to sit in the case.
GARDNER.
THE MEN CHARGED WITH THE INGLESIDE ROBBERY.
It is said that the reason of Judge Conlan's
declining to act on the trial was that com
ments had been made regarding ins prob
able attitude toward the defendants; and
that in order to save himself from any
danger of being misundertood and per
■ haps misinterpreted he had asked his
learned colleague to sit in judgment as
consulting magistrate.
The three young men accused of the
robbery occupied chairs in the center of
, the courtroom. Henry Robert Gardner,
the tallest, and apparently the youngest of
the trio, is a harmless-luokiiig chap, who
reminds one of an overgrown schoolboy.
Patrick "Welch, with his ardent auburn
hair, mustache and week-old beard, ap
pears to regard the whole proceeding as a
somewhat novel even though occasionally
tiresome experience. Joseph Middlemiss,
the remaining figure in the trio, is cer
tainly the brightest of the lot, if looks be
any indication. Rather short in stature,
with a bright and somewhat attractive
face, his bead-like eyes took in all that
was going on.
The defendants were represented by
Henry C. Gesford of Napa, Richard Porter
Ashe and Messrs. Tobin and Gleason.
Throughout the proceedings Mr. Gesford
seemed to be the spokesman, and while
gentlemanly harmony and strict adher
: ence to professional etiquette were the
order of the day, this fact did not prevent
: an occasional barristerial tilt between the
legal luminary from the vineyard belt and
E. P. Mogan, the prosecuting attorney.
W. S. Leake, secretary of the l'acific
Coast Jock .-y Club, was the first witness
placed on the stand. When interrogated
regaiding his residence he said |ie knew
not what answer to make. H*e said be
was Postmaster at Sacramento, though
'. he sent in his resignation some time
i ago. When his resignation shouid be
j accepted he would be better able to speak
! definitively in reference to his legal habi
tat. His testimony tended to prove the
! identity of the leathern hag exhibited in
court as the one stolen from Mr. Clarke on
; the nieht of the robbery.
Arnold Kirehwey, night clerk at the
I Branch lodging-house on Market street,
! when subjected to examination, said that
i Welch, Middlemiss and a man resembling
I Gardner had occasionally taken rooms at
that establishment, and that they seemed
to be on terms of intimacy with a man
named Webster. Thus far the name of
Webster has not appeared in the case, and
it was made the subject matter of several
questions from both sides. It appeared
that Middlemiss seldom slept in the
house, but frequently came in the morn
ing to awaken Webster. The witness
would call him first and then Middlemiss
would come to the house to see whether
Webster was up.
Mr. Gesford then took the witness in
hand. Kerchwey said t c Branch Ho USD
was located on MarKet street, opposite tne
Baldwin. The man Webster had been a
steady lodger at the place since October of
last year. Gardner, or a man resembling
him, had taken a room on three or four
occasions. There was a register of arrivals
at the lodging-house, and in it the namea
of lodgers were entered by the clerk.
Since last year a new book had been
opened, and the witness was unable to say
whether the old one was in existence or
not Wek-n and the slender man usually
rook a room on Saturday nights. Edward
Fintelmann w:im tl.e day clerk and Torked
daily until 8 o'clock in the evening 1 , when
the witness went on duty, remaining at
bis post until morning, lie bad been on
duty riming these hours on Christmas eve
and Christmas night.
"Wi at c irt of a lodging-house do you
keep?" a«ked Mr. Gesford, winninjriy.
"What do you charge for rooms?"
"Twenty, twenty-live and fifty cents per \
night," answered "the witness.
"A first-cluss house, evidently," rejoined ]
the attorney. "I suppose you never re
quire a certificate of good character from
your guests, now, do yon?"
This question appeared to mystify the
Witness, and he seemed quite" relieved
when told he could leare the stand, the
Judge, however, ordering him to bring the
registers of the Branch lodging-house to :
court in'the afternoon.
B il Brrliner, a tick"t-seller at the Ingle- \
side track, was next, placed on the stand, i
He recognized Gardner and Middlemiss.
He had noticed them particularly on
Christmas day., as tney had remained loi
tering near the entrance to the trackabout
4 o'clock in the afternoon. The two men I
were engaged in conversation with two i
others whom lie could not recognize. The I
witne.-js stated he had been engaged at che ;
track smej Thanksgiving day.
William E. Dennis, a colored man of
middle age, said c was assistant janitor j
at the [ngleside track, and had seen toe
defendant Welch in the barroom with a
man who looked like Gardner and another ;
man of vorv high stature whom he did not
know. The time was about 6 o'clock in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY *8, 1896.
the juternoon of Christmas day. He saw
tne same three men the next morning at
8 20 o'clock in a restaurant on Poweil
street.
In answer to a question from Mr. Gesford !
the witness stated that when he had ob- i
served the three men at tne bar he was |
speaking with the head janitor, Worthing
ton by name, and was standing about fif- j
t«en feet away from t!iem. Something in
their manner had aroused his suspicions, I
an Ihe had remarked to Worthington : '"It
looks as though somebody was going to be
stood up"
"btop. stop!" ejaculated Mr. Gesford,
peremptorily. "Your Honor. I want that
answer stricken from the record. The
witness is on the stand to state what he
saw, not what he said. I don't want my
clients to be condemned as criminals be
fore even the preliminary examination is
over."
"Never mind, never mind, 1 ' was Judge
Low's soothing rejoinder. "We'll strike it
out with pleasure," and it was so ordered. |
At the openinc of the afternoon session
Senator Frank McGowan. Judge J. D. H.
Chamberlain and Dr. \V. 11. Wallace testi
fied to tiie former good behavior and repute
of Gardner, Messrs. Chamberlain and Wal
lace givkis testimony to the same effect in j
favor of Middleniiss.
Kirch wey. tne Branch House night
clerk, was again placed on the stand. He
had with him two hooks, which he sub
mitted to the examination of counsel as
registers of the Market-street hostelry.
After much examination no names resem
bling those of the defendants were found,
save one registry of a man named "Welch,
who hail taken a room wit>b one Perry.
When asked whether guests at the estab
lishment, when asked for their names,
were in the habit of telling the clerk to
"put down any name," the witness
responded in tlie negative.
L. C. Worthington, head janitor of the
Wlil.CII.
Ingleside track, was next subjected to ex
amination. When confronted with the
three defendants he said fie could partially
recognize Welch, but neither of the others.
He happened to refer to the hat worn by
the man to whom he had made reference.
"Is this the hat?" asked Mr. Mogan dra
matically, waving aloft a very battered
[men of masculine headgear.
"We object." cried Messrs. Gesford, To
bin, Gleason and Ashe with line quartet
effect.
• "The hat is certainly most objection
able," agreed his Honor, "and for that
, very reason does not merit the distinction
! of being made a bone of contention and an
1 apple of discord. Let the witness describe
the man's hat in his own way."
Mr. Worthington then proceeded amid
; a labyrinth of questions from the attor
i neys to solemnly swear that the man's hat
• seemed to be a stiff derby, though it might
have been a slouch. Itscolor, he thought,
was black, though, perhaps, it was brown,
and anyhow h>> wasn't going to swear to a
tiling he wasn't sure of.
A. W. Turpin, manager of the Market
street lodging-house already referred to,
said that the man Webster had taken up
his abode in that caravansary on the Ist
of October, 1895, and had remained there
eve- since. He could not tell the man's
baptismal name nor give his initials.
When asked by Mr. Gesford whether he
knew anything about, the case on trial, he
answered, "No; I don't know nor I don't
want to know," and left the witness-stand
without delay.
John F. Bronner, clerk of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, gave some interesting
and important testimony. He stated that
he had b?en with Ken ben Clarke, the
cashier, at the Ingleside track on Christ
mas day, and had gone with him to the
car after the day's work was over, intend
ing to return to town with him. The car
had only gone a short distance when he
heard a voice cry, "Stop the car," after
winch he heard a shot, followed by two
others in rapid succession. He seized the
batr in which Clarke had placed the
bar receipts for the day and en
deavored to hide it. He ' was about
to throw it under the car or away amid
the brush behind the track, at the time
the second shot was fired. Some one used
a vile epithet and cried, "Drop that bag."
The witness clung to the ban ot money,
and then the third shot grazed his hand
and hit Clarke in one ot his feet. He
cropped the bag and bound up Clarke's
wounded foot, after which he accompanied
him to town and placed him in the hospi
tal . at which he is now being treated.
On cross-examination Mr. Bronner stated
that the man who fired the shots was tall
and had the lower half of his face con
cealed by a white handkerchief. He last
saw the man going over the hill toward
tho ocean, the long skirts of his black
mackintosh Mopping in the wind and the
money-bag clutched in his hand.
Mr. Mogan here requested leave to intro
duce the bag in evidence.
Mr. Gesford objected, unless the bag and
its contents could be first examined.
Accordingly the etout leather pouch,
with its steel rings, stout, straps and tight
little padlock, was submitted to the in
spection of the court. From a Ion?,
jagged aperture in one side were taken
nine canvas bags containing money, one
similar bag in an empty condition, a
cbamois-skin purse containing gold coin
and a number of tickets and papers. The
total amount of money in th<' pouch, con
si- ting of gold, silver, nickel and green
backs, was $Wo 15. The pouch and its
contents bed evidently been subjected to
the action of salt water.
On !;eintr cross-examined by Mr. Ges
ford, Mr. Bronner siiid he could not swear
1 that the mask used by the man who car
-1 ried the rifle was a handkerchief. It
! might have been a napkin or any other
i piece of white cloth.
Henry J. McCreedy, the motorman on
the car on which Clarke and Bronner were
I at the time of the robbery, testified that
he had left the termini s near the track at
I 6:48 o'clock on Christmas evening. The
I attack had taken place at a point about
100 yards lrom the terminus. By the
; gleam from the headlight of the car he
| had seen a tall man with a white mask
| and carrying a gun. The man wag be
! tween the rails walking in the direction of
I the advancing car.
"The man called, ' Stop the car,'" con
tinued the witness, "and tnen fired his
lirst snot. I stopped, and the man went
round to the side of the car, and 1 heard
two more shot*. Mr. Clarke cried out, 'I
ambit,' alter the last one. I did not see
who ;took the sack, and only noticed one
man, the masked man with the gun."
"I guess you were a bit excited," re
warkeil Mr. Mogan, commiseratingiv.
"Well, I dian't feel very comfortable,"
answered the witness as lie ieft tbe stand.
A. K. Trenlet, the conductor on the car]
corroborated the motorman's testimony.
He hud heard some one shout. "The sack
is inside, 11 and had heard the three shots
fired. The man with the gun and mask
seemed to give the commands to some
others, but who they were and how many
he could not positively state.
"Now, Mr. Treulct," said Mr. Gesford,
witli a most engaging smile, "you were a
little scared at the time of the hold-np,
were you not?"
"I felt like any man would feel under
the circumstances." responded the witness,
somewhat nettled ; "I'm sure no one likes
to hear bullets flying about his ears."
"Quite right, quite right," was the pol
ished Gesford's suave rejoinder. "Now
tell me, please, what was the mask worn
by the man who seemed to manage this
interesting little affair?"
"It was a white handkerchief," answered
the conductor.
"Now, are you sure it was a handker
chief ?" asked" Mr. Gesford, with a sweet
ness in his tone which seemed even dan
gerously bewitching. "May it not have
Deen a" table napkin, or a dishcloth, or a
piece of asbestos tissue? Asbestos, you
know," he added by way of explanation,
"is fireproof."
"It may have been bullet-proof for all 1
know," was the witness' rejoinder.
"Just one question more," pursued Mr.
Gesford, blandly. "Did this man with the
handkerchief, or napkin, or asbestos tissue
—did he, I say, act like a real, genuine,
old-time robber?"
"I never saw a robber before," answered
the conductor. "I don't know how tney
act, and I don't want to know."
E. Willis, engineer at the Olympic Salt
Water Pumping \Vorus. on "the ocean
beach, was next Jasked to testify. After
giving a full description of the plant under
his charge lie stated that he had found the
bag of money — which he identified— on
the sands, about 120 feet out from the be
ginning of tne iron pier attached to the
MIDDLEMISS.
works. It was lightly covered with sand,
and he first saw the strap. He pulled it
out, and, taking it to the works, played
the hose upon it in order to remove the
sand and gravel with which it was filled.
The cut had beerf made at some previous
time, and through it the sand had found
an entrance into the inside of the pouch.
Having cleansed his rind he telephoned
for the police. Officers Cody nnd Gibson
responded to his call, and with them he
counted the money and gave the pouch
into the law's safe-keeping.
On cross-examination Mr. Willis said he
found the pouch on the morning after
Christmas about 8 or S:3O o'clock.
•'Why did yo-.i notify the police?" asked
Mr. Mogan. "Not many men would have
done that."
"Perhaps he thought Santa Claus didn't
intend the sack for him," answered Judge
Low in the witness' stead, as he adjourned
further proceedings until 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
THE NEW CEEAMERIE.
725 Market Street, Bancroft Build-
ing.
To originate ideas for the benefit of their j
customers has been the constant endeavor !
of Young & Weisnian, the proprietors of ■
this justly famous restaurant. While their
success nas troubled their competitors they
have continued to attract customers and;
then to hold them by a first-class service |
and the best quality of food that the mar
ket could offer. To insure the purity and i
fresiiness of their milk, cream, butter, !
eggs and vegetables, they are produced on i
the private ranch of the proprietors, and ,
their meats are furnished by Mr. S. Solo- j
mon.whohas built up the" reputation of I
the Grill Room of the Palace Hotel by the !
quality of meats which he has furnished I
to that house. Pastry is not neglected at !
the Creamerie, every article in the shape
of broad, pins, cakes, etc., used in the ;
house being produced on the premises, by !
which means the supply is always fresh
and toothsome. The Creameries coffee
has a reputation extending all over the'
State, in fact every article on its bill of fare
is noted for its perfection in preparation j
and servico.
Chapin's Orchestra is in daily attendance
and discourses the very best of music dur
ing meal hour?. Among the later innova
tions at the Creamerie is a table de hote
dinner which is served on Sundays at a
nominal figure of fifty cents and will be
found to equal any dinner offered in the
City.
A trial of any meal at this justly cele
brated restaurant will convince one of its
admirable good qualities and remove any
doubt as to the cause of its excessive pop
ularity. *
A BURGLAR CAPTURED.
William Tacey, Who Looted a Room
on Third Street, Ig In Jail.
William Lacey, a negro, was arrested
last evening by Policeman T. L. Ryan and
detained at the Southern Police station for
a burglary committed on the morning
after Christmas in a lodging-house at 143
Third street.
On the night preceding the burglary
Lacey's companions rented a room in the i
house and admitted the prisoner, who j
climbed to the roof and through a sky- I
light entered the room of James Conmlly. j
During the process of looting the room
Lacey succeeded in waking its occupant,
v.lio raised a cry which attracted the atten- j
tion of the landlord, A. E. Durries.
During the excitement Lacev succeeded ■
in getting into the hallway, but was met!
by Durries and his plucky wife, who i
grappled with him, but the powerful \
negro finally broke away and made his ;
escape to the street, pursued by Durries to
Fourth and Howard streets, where all track !
of him was lofit.
Lacey was not again seen until last
evening, when lie returned to his old j
haunts. He was immediately placed under I
arrest, and later in the evening was iden- ':
tifieu by Durries as the man who com
mitted the burglary.
Tin- Churbace rrivilej;e.
Henry P. Gove is suing to have the Board of
Supervisors compelled to award him the con
tract, for destroying the garbage of the City.
He is the assignee .'of. the right of A. G.
Williams, who, he claims, submitted the high
est bid for the privilege. The contract has
not been awarded, and Gove wishes it given to
him or to no one. • . „
More. Forgery Charges.
Two additionul charges of forgery were
booked yesterday at the city Prison against
M. J. Kerrer, arrested last Friday. The com
plaining willies'; in both cases is his former
employer, C. D. liunker, the Custom-house
biokcr.
TWO IMPORTANT RAILWAYS MAY COMBINE
North Pacific Coast and S.
F. and N. P. May Pool
Issues Soon.
STOCK CHANGES HANDS.
Eighteen Thousand Shares Are
Taken by the North
Pacific.
THE SELIGMANS AEE WILLING.
All the Local Stockholders Anxious
for a Combination and
Better Rates.
One ot the possibilities of the near future
is the combining of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway with the North
Pacific Coast (narrow gauge).
Since the present owners of the San
Francisco and North Pacific road gained
possession of the road there has been talk
of a probable combination. The stock
holders were in favor of such a coalition of
interests, and those who had a say in the
control of the narrow gauge were under
stood to be acquiescent in their feeling.
But nothing came of the talk. Many of
the stocKholders saw a great advantage in
such a combination, but the powers that
be had control.
The stockholders of the narrow gauge
were of the same opinion, but everything
depended on tho action of the controlling
interest of the other road.
Now it is possible for the North
Pacific Coast Company to force an issue,
and that issue is likely to be amicable.
The company has gained possession of
18,000 shares of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway Company's stock
and that gives a voice in the management
of the road.
The officers of both companies were in
clined to be reticent when questioned yes
terday afternoon. Those of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Company
particularly were destitute of any knowl
edge of the subject.
"Yes, there has been talk, but that is
all," was the first admission. Farther in
quiry, however, elicited the information
tnat something was likely to result in the
way of a pooling of issues.
General Manager Whiting knew noth
ing, so he said, and referred the inquirer
to President Foster. It was the same with
Passenger Agent Ryan. He, like Mr.
WhiUne, looked as though he knew more
than he was at liberty to tell.
"There has been that kind of talk," said
Mr. Foster, "but, for that matter, the com
bination of the two roads has been dis
cussed ever since 1893. Yes, I have heard
the talk recently, but I cannot give you
any definite information. There" is possi
tively no truth in the story that I have
sold "any of my stocx, and as to the Selig
rnan interest I cannot say. Of my own
personal knowledge I could not say
whether they owned 42,000 or 400U shares
of stock. That is something that does not
interest us at all. They may or may not
own that stock.
"As to the effect of a combination of the
two roads I must decline to give an opin
ion. It ruight be advisable or it might
not. I do not care to place myself on
record on that proposition. Yes, I will
admit that something is likely to come of
this talk, though, as I said, I do not kuow
anything about any transfer of stock. I
have not sold any of my stock and I have
no intention of so doing. It is too early
for positive information."
President Stetson of the North Pacific
Coast said : "'There has been talk of a
combine, I know, but as to the result or
outcome 1 know not. This company has
bought 18,000 shares of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Company's stock and
that gives us some considerable say-so in
the company. These 18,000 shares repre
sent several thousand dollars. They are
at present said to be worth $•_"> a share. At
that valuation the stock purchased would
amount to about $400,000. The purchasers
of that stock are Alfred Borel <fe Co., De
Guigne, representing the Parrott estate,
Mr. T. Coieman, Scottish-American In
vestment Company, representing Edin
burgh capitalists, and myself."
"It may naturally be inferred," con
tinued Mr. Stetson," that the most
natural outcome of our purchase of the
stock would bea combine. Furthermore I
can say nothing."
Ever since Judge A. P. Overton, An
drew Markham and I. G. Wickersham
bought up a lot of stock of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railway Company
there has been talk of a possible combine.
All of these men are capitalists and have
extensive landed interests in Marin,
Sonoma and Mendocino counties.
Judge A. P. Overtoil is the president of
the Savings Bank of Santa Kosa, and
owns considerable land in the three
counties named. Much of it is along the
line of the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railroad. He was a close friend of
Peter Donahue, the builder of the road,
and rendered many favors to his son, the
late Coionef Donahue. In fact, Judge
Overton was one of Colonel Donahues
warmest friends and advisers. He had
much to do with the deceased railway
magnate about the extension of the road
to Ukian. The Judge was also instru
mental in getting Audrew Markhain and
Hollis Hitchcock, who died here last Fri
day, in taking up a large block of the
stock.
Mr. Markhain has large lumber claims
and mills lying midway between the broad
and narrow gauge roads in Sonoma
County, and an interest in the road meant
much to him.
Hollis Hitchcock, lately deceased, was
an extensive land-owner in the western
part of Sonoma County, along the line of
the narrow gau?e, and was al-so a stock
holder in the banks with which Overton
and Wickersham are connected. He, too,
was in favor of a combination of the two
roads.
1. G. Wickersham, the other local stock
holder, is at the head of the National Bank
of Petalunia. Though Petaluma has the
advantage of water competition, the San
Francisco and North Pacific does a good
business at that point, but Mr. Wicker
sham is in accord with the views of the
other local stockholders— that a combina
tion will result in an increased profit to the
two roai's.
The North Pacific Coast road is an active
competitor for freight transportation with
the San Francisco and North Pacific in the
western part of Sonoma and Mar in coun
ties. Shippers in the first-mentioned
county, between Santa Rosa and the
coast, can take their choice of the two
roads, or haul to Petaluma by team and
ship by water. It is obvious, therefore,
that a combination of the roads would be
advantageous to the stockholders, if not so
to the shipping patrons of the road.
It is also understood that the combining
of the roads, if consummated, will result
in their being joined somewhere between
the terminus of the narrow-gauge at Caza
dero and Heaidsburg or Cloverdale on the
broad-gauge.
"It must be apparent," said President
Stetson, "that the purchase of these 18,000
shares of stock by the North Pacific is not
merely an idle financial fantasy. Of course
there must be something behind it."
Tri«-tl for Argon.
William McGreevy was on trial before Judge
BaUrs yesterday ior arson. The charge was
based on the attempted burning of C. A.
Malm's trunk factory, on Seventeenth and
SbotweU street-, on September 28, 1895, and
McGreevy wu nrresti"! and held to answer fo
the crime. At 11 o'clock last night the jury
reported that they could not agree upon a ver
dict and were discharged.
DEATH OF A PIONEER LADY*
Passing Away of t!i« Mother of Mrs.
Winslow Anderson.
Mrs. Julia A. M. Collins, one of the pio
neer ladies of San Francisco, passed away
yesterday at the advanced age of 71 years
and 9 months.
Mrs. Collins, who was a native of New
Bedford, came to this City in the early
fifties in company with her husband,
Savory Wing Collins, who for many years
was the senior member of the pioneer firm
of Collins, Cushman & Co., commission
merchants. Shortly after her arrival she
took an active part in church work and in
assisting many who in tnose days found
themselves in straitened circumstances,
for she was wealthy and was generous and
charitable wiihin tier means. . For a time
Mr. and Mrs. Collins were residents of Ne
vada City in this State. They returned to
San Francisco and Mrs. Collins became a
member of the Third Congregational
Church, was an active worker in the cause
of charity, and there are many benefited
by her liberality who will shed tears when
they learn of Her death. Some time ago
she was taken ill and took to her bed,
from which she never rose, her death oc
curring at the residence of her only daugh
ter, Mrs. Window Andsrson. the wife of
Dr. Winslow Anderson.
Mrs. Collins was a lady of kindly dispo
sition, one who made Iriends of all who
had the pleasure of knowing her, and her
large circle of friends will miss her.
ONLY NINETY DAYS MORE.
The City Hall Dome Must Be
Finished in the Next Three
Months.
A Hecvy Penalty to Be Levied for
Further Delay — Bracing
the Statue.
The Board of City Hall Commissioners
ha 3 given O'Connell & Lewis, who are
building the dome on the hall, Deremptory
notice that that part of the structure must
be finished within ninety days or a pen
alty of $250 for every twenty-four hours
over that time will be exacted.
The contractors have been granted ex
tensions from time to time for several
months past and appeared yesterday with
their customary excuses. Commissioner
Creswell vigorously opposed the ninety
days' extension asked and moved that
; thirty days only be given and that the
contractors be warned that no further
' delay would be allowed on any considera
tion.
Auditor Broderick counseled forbear
ance, however, and said that he would \
! advocate another ninety days' extension, !
but nothing further.
The Mayor stood with the Auditor, but
Creswell would not give in and called
upon Superintendent of Construction
Mellis to say what had been done recently
to push the work along.
Mellis staled that for two or three weeks
past not more than one or two men had
been at work at a time and that the work
was progressing very slowly.
"Well, times are hard," said the Auditor.
"Give them ninety days more, with a
notice that they shall be required to finish
in that time if the dome fall down."
When ttie vote was taken the Mayor and
Auditor voted in favor of the ninety days'
extension, while Creswell recorded his
vote in the negative.
An intimation that a wrangle might
occur between the contractors and the
artist who is furnishing the statue came
when the matter of bracing the figure was
broached.
The contractors claimed that the worlc
should be done at the artist's expense.
Architect Shea said that he thought the
■work devolved on the contractors, and his
opinion was concurred in by Creswell.
AID FOR THE WEAVERS.
Archbishop Rinrdan Refutes a False
Rumor Regarding the Almshouse
Management.
In their efforts to compass his removal
from the management of the Almshouse
the opponents of Superintendent Weaver
have been circulating reports that Mr.
and Mrs. "Weaver have been taking advan
tage of their positions in the City's refuge
for the poor and needy to attempt to in
fluence the religious beliefs of those under
their charge.
In order to refute the accusation, Mrs.
Weaver recently wrote the following letter
to Archbishop Riordan:
To His Grace Archbishop JZiordcin— Reverend
.Sir: You will have observed the Dreseut effort
to remove Mr. Weaver from the superin
tendeneyof the city and County Almshouse,
and that one of the assigned causes for his re
moval is my supposed partisanship in the re
ligious services held in tne house. As you
kindly took the time to visit the almshouse in
person, and to investigate tho influences
brought to bear upon the inmates, I take the
liberty of submitting this matter to your judg
ment. Hoping that you may be wilhng to ex
press your opinion as to the religious care of
your people here and the opportunities
afforded to the church in ministering to their
spiritual needs. Very sincerely and respect
fully, Ellen A. Weaver.
In reply the Archbishop sent the fol
lowing letter:
St. Mary's Cathedral. 1100 Franklin street.
Mrs. Ptiilip L. Wearer— MADAM '• In reply to
your communication just received, calling my
attention to a statement made in one of the
papers in this City, namely, that you have
NEW TO-DAY.
J%* OFFER!
We will give $20 for any case of
Catarrh that cannot be cured by our
treatment, price $2 50. Trial treat-
ment free.
OUR PRICES ALWAYS THE LOWEST.
HOT-WATER BOTTLES:
2-quart, 65c; 3-quart, 70c; 4-quart 80c
Foumain Syringes, Wood box:
2-quart, 70c; 3-quart, 80c; 4-quart 90c
Quinine P.lis, ii grains, ]>er 100... 25c
■ Quinine Pills, 3 grains, per 100....... ■ 35c
Munyon's Kennedies, 15c, SOc and 60c
Sco.t's Emulsion and Hood's Sarpurllla...'.. 65c
Pink l'illsaucl Syrup Fig 5.'........ 35c
TRUSSES, others ask $5 to $10, our price. .
• ••• • ..........-....51 75 to $5 00
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries, from $5 t0... 525 00
Obesity 8e1t5......:..... .......:....... $>j 25
Klectric Belts, from $5 to fJS 00
Silk 5t0cking5..................... '. $ 3 50
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
9SB Market Street,
South side, bet. Fifth anU SUth.
been using your position as matron of- the
Almshouse in favor of non-Catholic inmates
and -against Catholic inmates, so far as- 1
know this statement is false and without any
foundation In fact. lam convinced from what
I have seen and from what I have heard from
those who are acquainted with your manage
ment of the institution that you treat all the
Inmates with perfect fairness and impartiality,
and you have never permitted your own relig
ious convictions to interfere in any way with
the religious convictions of the poor who are
under your care, Sincerely yours,
A ECH BISHOP RIOHDAN.
FIGHTING FOR TIME.
Pool-Sellers Waiting the Result of tho
Appeal to the Superior Court.
The pool-sellers now awaiting a hearing
before Judge Joachimsen are apparently
fighting for time, in the hope that the ap
peal of George D. Givens, who was sen
tenced to pay a tine of $200, will be sus
tained.
Tlie case of Jerry Dxiscoll was called in
Judge Joachim sen s court on Monday and
again yesterday. A motion For dismissal
made on Monday was denied, ami yester
day the defendant asked for a continuance.
The reason (riven was that Attorney Pfier
F. Dunne, who represent- Given 8, bad ap
pealed to the Superior Court, and :i tle
cision was expected either next Friday or
the following Friday.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare objected
strongly to a continuance, but it was
granted till Friday.
A Midden Death.
Theresa Cassldy, a housewife, 56 years ot
ago, died suddenly at her residence, 1119
Vallejo street, last evening, it is presumed
that heart fnilure was the cause d her death.
The body was taken to the Mo
NEW TO-DAT-AJIIUSEMENTS.
BSv^rn £/\TRE *t FRops.
Every Night This "Week, Including Sunday.
Ulatinee *sit arday.
The Charming and Urilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Her Own Splendid Company
In A. E. Lancaster and Julian Mat;ini3' I'owerful
Emotioual Drama,
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
Next Week— MlSS WAIN WRIGHT In her mag-
nificent production of "The Love Chase."
1&* VWEOTfIE 'Ko?s?
3 WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT OF
America's Representative Tragedian, MR.
LOUIS JAMES
And Ills Excellent Company in Repertory:
TO-NIGIIT and Thursday .
Friday and Saturday Nlalits "MACBETH"
Sat. Mat. and Sunday Night "VIRGINIUS"
2d Week— "Marmion," "Othello," "Romeo and
Juliet, etc. ...-.-
-rniCDLWiQ!:R.C-OTTIOD »o»-u»M Ana nAnAetRS • • •
WITHtIUX I WITHOUT
MERIT! | PKAI.SE <
And Vice Versa Applicable to Everything.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Cannot Up Praised Too Highly.
See Them in
THE LOST PARADISE.
SEATS- 15c, BSe, 50c »nd 75c.
Monday Next " fHE SENATOR"
- f\ LvAZA R
; "Wednesday Pop" 'Matinee To-day 2 P. 31.
A Popular Novel (100 varieties') presented
to each Lady and Child.
| No wonder Grover's Alcazar is Crowded.
I It's the only comedy in the city, and far and
away the best one ot the s ason.
"MY PRECIOUS BABY!
Is in for a Run.
Matinee— lOc, 15c, 25c. No higher prices
Night Prices-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. tßiutsTisa IvHklixh I'ropneicr -tl.ua.tja:
EVERY E'VEJISTINO-
~ THE SECOID EBITIOI |—
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Bur-
X lesque, X
0 NEW SONGS! 0
]M NEW DANCES! j^
. NEW LOCALISMS! I
NEW SPECIALTIES!
TUESDAY KVENING, .JANUARY 14,
25TH PERFORMANCE,
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Popular Prices— 2sc and oOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MQROSU9; Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mills By Moonlicht
and Kealiatic Shipwreck Scene.
Fvesixo Prickj— nnd Sis.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Fftrrell Street, Between Stoclctoa anl Pa v V.'_
Tremendous Success of Our New People.
ANOTHER GREAT 1511,1,!
6 NEW PEOPIiE ! 6
MASON AND HEALY,
DELTORKLLO BROTH bRS,
DUCROW AND BUSH, .
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
ANT)
A MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
Reserved seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c: Open cnaln
and Hox seats. 50c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
M ATINEIi", TO-DAY i\t 2— Popular Prices
TO-NIGHT— Performance.
KtCt'A Bi(j "1.492."
Becure your seats and avoid the rush.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
DAILY FROM. 1 TO 11 P. M.
(WEATHER PERMITTING),
HAK.II STKEtT, NEAJK THK PARK.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (includiup: a Merry-Go- liouml Ride), 10c
racingi RACING! racingi
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY club.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, December 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OR MoKK RACES EACH I>AY.
Races start at 2:OU v. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the cata.
R. B. JIILItOV. TilOS. 11. WILLIAMS JR.,
yecretnry. President.
COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
. ACADEMY,
1970 Page Street, Near Stanynn, Park
Entrance.
The Most Elaborate and 1
Complete Cyclery in America.
Commodious indoor Riding and Instruction Hall,
fully equipped and free from all obstructions.
; Luxurious Reception-rooms, Baths, Loclft-ra, etc
Columbia and llarcfonl Bicycles und Tandems
i for Sale and Kent. Wbeels taken on itgrage.
78
GRANGERS' BANK AT TACHED
Ex • Congressman Louttit Sues
on a Certificate of
Deposit.
PARIS KILBURN'S STATEMENT.
He Does Not Think Other Creditors
Have Lost Confidence in
the Institution.
In the present complicated condition of
the affairs of the Grangers' Bank, the suing
: an attachment against the institu
tion, which course was taken by ex-
Coneressman Louttit yesterday, may pre
cipitate a crisis which the bank has been
trying to avoid for some time past.
When the bank closed its doors, through
a lack of business to support it, a meeting
of a majority of the depositors was held
and br agreement reached not to push
matters cut to allow the directors time to
settle its affairs and see whether
an arrangement could not be made
to settle with the depositors in full.
Pursuant .1:1 the directors set
about . ting amounts due the bank
and since the day when the doors closed
$20,000 has been brought in, making with
the amount on band a total of $50,000.
Is was confidently expected that by Jan
uary 14, the date for which the next meet
ing of tliL' board of directors was set,
the $100,000 »iue depositors would be on
hand and that on the loth the doors would
be thrown open so that depositors might
get their money.
Mr. Louttit. who held a certificate of de
i'parently did not care to
wait, but began suit for the amount named.
Bank Commissioner Paris Kilburn was
very much surprised when told of the ac
tion taken by Mr. Louttit.
"I ?aw Mr. Louttit a few clays ago, when
he first spoke of instituting a suit," he
said, '-and explained the situation, and
that the directors were hopeful of getting
the amount necessary to settle in full with
depositors by the 14th inst. rie seemeii
ne, as were the other creditors whom
I heard speak of the matters, to give the
directors ;i chance to get the affairs of the
bank into sh^re.
- :ne chances in the directory to take
place at th- meeting set for tne 14th ins%.
were spoken of. and it was honed that if
any we re made it would enable the bant
to rai^e money mort- readily. Of course
the riling of the suit will not help matters
any and may cause some of the other
creditors to become uneasy, but I hardly
think that there is great cause for alaim.
"The bank can settle the matter by giv
inc a bond to cover the amount, or it can
v release the attachment by paying
the $650, as it has ample means at its com
mand. I think that if the depositors will
wail patiently until the 14th inst. their de
ls will be mtt in full."
Mr. Kilburn stated positively that as far
as he knew there was nothing in the sus
pension of the bank beyond what appeared
on the surface, aud that as Daniel Meyer
and other interested parties had showed
their confidence in an ultimate adjustment
of its affairs by counseling a stay of pro
ceedings, he did not see why the confidence
of :he creditors should be lost.
TIME-LIMIT INSURANCE.
Important Appeal in the Federal
Courts in the Phinney
Case.
Mutual Life's Contention That Pre-
miums ShouM Have Been Paid
for the Full Period.
A very important point to insurance
men is involved in an appeal just taken to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
The case is the claim of Mrs. >ellie Phin
ney, executrix of the estate of Guy C.
Phinney of Seattle, Wash., against the
Mutual Life Insurance Company of New
York for a sloo,ooo policy.
Guy C. Phinney was one of the best
known and most reliable business men of
the Pueet Sound metropolis, and built the
Butler block on the corner of Second and
James streets there, one of the first fine
building* to go up after the great fire of
June. 1889. He also owned an extensive
tract of suburban property known as
Green Lake and the electric line which
runs to it.
On September 24, 1890, he took out a
$100,000 policy in the insurance company,
for which he was to pay an annual pre
mium of $3770. A condition of the con
tract between him and the company on its
face obligated a payment of the premium
fora period of twenty yean. Howi
for some reason the company instructed
its agents not to receive a second premium
from Mr. Phinney. though his iirst had
been pa;d and accepted.
Three years after taking out the policy
he died, and his demise was reported by
his widow to the company in due form.
The company refused to pay the insurance,
on the ground that the policy was void, by
reason of the first premium having been
forfeited. Then a suit was brought to col
lect the $100,000, and the jury of the
United States Circuit Court gave a verdict
to the plaintiff of $97,012 84.
It is this verdict which the company
now, as plaintiff in error, is endeavoring
to have 6et aside, and its appeal, the
transcript of which was filed yesterday
With Clerk Frank Monckton, is based upon
a series of exceptions to the conrfs rulings
as to the admission and exclusion of evi
dence, and ltd refusal to instruct the jury
that the twenty years' obligation was a
condition of, and the very essence of, the
contract. The court is charged with error
in sustaining the objections of Mrs. Phin
ney's counsel to the testimony of Dr. J.
B. Eagle-son, the medical examiner, and
F. 8. Sterason, the general agent of the
company ; also the evidence of Ag^nt A. B.
Forbes, who had been instructed by the
company to refuse tte proffer of the
second premium.
If the appellate tribunal decides in favor
of the company it will be equivalent to a
declaration that the obligation of the com
pany to pay the $10u,000 was based entirely
upon the condition of the contract re
quiring tne annual premiums to be r>aid
for the fuil period of twenty years. With
tbis, though, is associated the question of
whether or not the company itself, in re
fusing to accept tne second premium, did
of its own act forfeit the tenders of pre
ininms made to it so long as the life of the
policy-holder continued, and abo the one
of whether or not the company is bound
in equity to make some compensation to ■
the executrix' for tbe confidence and good
faith of her husband.
So far as the present phase of the case
goes, though, the equity of it may not be
reached, as the Court of Appeals will
probably be required only to pass upon the
questions of law involved.
MORE ENGINES FAVORED.
The Fire Department Will Transfer a j
Lot to tbe Police Department.
The Fire Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to favor the
petition of tbe Chief of Police asking that j
steps be taken for the transfer of the Fire !
Department lot on the south side of O'Far
rell street, near Devisadero, to the Police
Department, for the purpose of securing a
location for a new police station.
The same cotuse was taken with a com
munication from the Board of F're Com
missioners recommending tho passage of
an order authorizing the organization of
four steam rire engine companies for relief
and emergency purposes, and the appoint
ments for the same at $140 a month each,
and repealing order No. 2881.
UNIFORMED CALL-BOYS.
The Attendants at the Palace Hotel
Now Clad in Blur, Silver and
Gold.
The entire force of colored callboys at
the Palace Hotel, to the number of thirty,
in the rotunda and on the various floors
above, appeared yesterday in brand-new
uniforms.
The clothes which the force has hitherto
worn have been of a very dark almost
black color. It was uniform for all, but
not so handsome as the new ga-b.
The cloth of the latter is dark blue, the
buttons silver and the braid bespangled
with gold. A line of this gold braid runs
down the trousers legs. The braid also
describes several arcs, parabolas and other
movements on the coats.
Altogether the uniforms are quite an
improvement on the old. They were
evolved by a local tailor on an order given
him by the management some time ago.
On one side of the coat just above trie
chest is the word "Palace" and on the
other "Hotel." The dark skullcaps
liiiherto used on which are the initials
"P. H." are retained.
WOMEN TO ELECTIONEER
Suffrage Associations Will Can
vass the State on Their
Own Account.
W. C. T. U. and Ministers May Not Be
Allowed to Participate in the
Campaign.
Women representing the Amendment
Campaign Association and the State Suf
frage Association met yesterday afternoon
at Golden Gate Hall and discussed plans
for the conversion of California's voters to
a belief in the fairness of woman suffrage
and to the support of a legislative amend
ment enfranchising the womeu of this
State.
It was the consensus of opinion that the
Women's Christian Ttmperance Union
must nor be identiried with the work, for
fear that the greatlaboring classes ana the
liquor element would not give their sup
port to the passage of a measure actively
advocated by an organization that many of
them, from lack of appreciation, have lone
looked upon with disfavor.
Suggestions were made and tak»n uo'ier
advisement looking to the enlistment of
some prominent man in the work of can
vassing the State in conjunction with the
extensive lecturing campaign soon to be
started by the Rev. Anna Shaw, who will
visit every county in the State to arouse a
geneial interest in and support for the
amendment. It was intimated that
should a man lecturer be engaged it were
better not to have a minister, so that the
masses of the people might not be deterred
from attending through apprehension of
getting a sermon. A native Californian,
some well-known lawyer or business man
that could embellish his facts with humor
ous touches — such would be, in the
opinion of some of the women, the proper
person to precede or to follow the Rev.
Anna Shaw and attract to the lecture-halls
men that might not be drawn there by a
woman speaker.
The live topics of the day may be taken
up for brief discussion at subsequent
meetings of the two associations, so that
the members may by using such informa
tion in their conversation with nun cause
a greater respect for their appreciation of
current facts, and in that way convince the
actual voters of woman's ability to use the
ballot intelligently.
Encouraging reports from Redlands,
Placerville, Ukiah, Ventura and Santa
Barbara were mentioned as an indication
of the interest felt in the suffrage move
ment.
Mrs. Thompson of Stockton told what
bad already been done in San Joaquin
in behalf of the suffrage question. She
said that she has obtained I'JOO subscribers
fora National paper tuat is to devote a
page Of this month's issue to the subject of
the suffrage movement in California. The
people of ncr neighborhood, she explained,
would be willing listeners to the advocacy
of the passage of the suffrage amendment";
they wait only to be organized in suffrage
associations or clubs, as the W. C. T. V.
has 'itemed it expedient to remain in the
background.
Mrs. Chambers of Yallejo declared that
with a five days' notice Vallejo's largest
hall, accommodating lfiOO people, could be
tilled at 50 cents a head to hear Anna
Shaw on the suffrage question. She added
that the three Yallejo papers, while not
advocates of the movement, had given
very generous notices in their columns.
Mrs. Marshall of Oakland presented the
paper of the afternoon, and her ideas
occasioned various expressions of opinion
as to the best way of broaching the subject
of suffrage and woman's rights.
Discretion and great tact were advocated
by some in mentioning the matter to men.
Others tnought it should be talked about
even though men be bored. But Mrs.
Smith, who expressed some very clear cut
views upon the subject generally and upon
the way men should be approached, said
that all women are not intelligent any
more than ail men are, and the unintelli
gent or unthinking women must be edu
cated to an appreciation of the benefits to
be derived, and then women and tne intel
ligent men should exert their efforts upon
the unenlightened members of the present
voting sex. She also thought women
should begin at home to make their con
verts among their husbands and brothers.
Mrs. Marshall's views were slightly pes
simistic regarding the expression to men
of women's suffrage. She feared that in
many cases through injudicious and per
sistent mention of women's rights the
cause was depreciated in the eyes of the
very persons who have it in their power,
through the ballot, to create or defeat the
institution of woman suffrage in Cali
fornia.
She affirmed tuat women want the
ballot not for the hollow privilege of at
tending the polls, but solely to assist the
deserving of mankind and to put the
honest and worthy in office. She thought
that the Native Sons ought to wi^h to see
Ir school-time companions sharing with
11 the privileges that equal taxation
similar education entitled them to.
>lonel Dickinson of Oakland was pres
tnd discussed th D paper. His tnought
that by a display of familiarity with
ortant current questions women could
convince men of their capacity for
contemplated part they desire to take
tate and municipal elections,
le Rev. Mr. Granam, chaplain of San
ntin prison, will be asked to present
*t the next evening meeting of the associa
tion his paper on Venezuela.
Inspecting Oregon Lines.
W. G. Curtis, engineer of the maintenance of
way department of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and Assistant Manager N. H. Foster left
last niuht for Portland. They will mane an
inspection o£ the Southern "Pacific lines in
Oregon with a view of improving the con
dition of the road in that Slate.
A Newspaper Mortgage.
A. C. Freese, as special administrator of the
estate of John A. Goldsmith, has brought suit
against F. \V. Kelly, administrator of the estate
of James P. Kerr, late proprietor of the
Breeder and Sportsman, to foreclose a mort
gage upon that paper for $0878.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
IN THE TREASURY VAULTS.
Ninety-Three Millions on Com
mercial and Fifth
Streets.
THE GEEATER PART SILVER.
Money That Might Be Available to
the Government in Case of
Emergency.
The call for bids for $100,000,000 worth of
bonds, information of which has come in
a dispatch from Washington, naturally
directs public attention to the money or its
equivalent which the United States Gov
ernment now has on hand, particularly in
this City.
In the Sub-Treasury on Commercial
street there is now locked ud in tbe vaults
$40,906,132 63, and in the United States
Mint on Fifth street there is on hand a re
serve of gold and silver bullion and coin
amountine to $52,283,318 69.
Of the' kept in convenient
sacks under combination ani time Jocks
in the impenetrable vaults of the Bub-
Treasnry, which is all coin, $12,117. 000 is in
SACKS OF GOLD IN ONE OF THE VAULTS.
[There is $12,000,000 piled up here in f»O,nQO sacks. The b*xes on the shrives contain
currency.)
gold, a little over ?2"v 000, 000 in silver dol
lars, about $3,000,000 in currency and the
balance in fractional and un-current coin.
The reserve in the Mint is known as the
bullion fund, and consists of: Gold coin
$'2,473,895; silver coin. $30,851*742 71; gold
bullion, $1,225,04352, and silver bullion,
$9,732,637 44.
Putting together the available treasure,
coin and bullion of both the Commercial
street and Fifth-street institutions, there
is a total of $93,188,451 22, which the Gov
ernment might possibly utilize in case of
grave emergency. The $12,000,000 in the
Commercial-street vaults, however, is at
present included in the gold reserve.
Of course, no notice has yet been re
ceived by Campbell B. Berry, the Assist
ant United States Treasurer here, regard
ing the $100,000. 'X)0 bond issue, as there
has not been time enough yet, but he ob
served yesterday that he did not doubt the
truth of the Washington telegrams. He
added in explanation:
I should not be surprised to receive an order
at any time authorizing me to accept bids for
the bonas in conformity with the plan adopted
by the Secretary of the Treasury for their sale.
It seems to me that there should be little
trouble of disposing of the new issue at home,
with the high rate of 4 per cent as an induce
ment. Financiers regard Government bonds
as the very lest kind of an investment and
easily negotiable.
We are at some disadvantage in this city be
cause of our remoteness. Clearances are made
in New York for all points east of the Missis
sippi, and in consequence when we do busi
ness with the East money must be transferred
by exchange. The rate of exenange fluctuates
more or less, and the balance of trade is
against us, as money goes from West to East
instead of from East to Went in bn.-iness. At
present, however, I believe exchange is at
par, so that it ought not to cost anything addi
tional to buy bonds here.
Among several bankers the explanation
was given as to the apparent discrimina
tion against San Francisco that it was
purely a business proposition on the part
of the Government. As President Hell
man of the Nevada Bank put it:
It was simply a matter of business, the Gov
| eniment posing tn the light of a private indi
vidual or corporation, requiring all expenses
to be met in addition to the currant rate of
value bid for the bonds. If 104 was bid by
an investor here the cost of sending the money
to Washington, if any, would have to be paid
in addition.
Were the Government to make an allowance
or discount on subscriptions at this end of the
country it would be more economical to dis
pose of the entire holding in the East, where
the higher rate was obtainable. At present
exchange on the East is at Dar— a circumstance
in favor of local bidders.
Since Mr. Campbell succeeded Colonel
John P. Jackson as Assistant Treasurer
$9,000,000 of gofd has been shipped from
this City to the East by the Government,
which is at a rate of about $500,000 for
every month;
ASHWORTH DEMURS.
He Objects to the Sufficiency and the
Legality of the Accusation
Against Him.
A demurrer to the accusation against
Thomas Ashworth was filed in Judge
Slack's court yesterday. The grounds for
demurrer, as set forth, are technical in
character. It is alleged that the accusa
tion does not state sufficient facts; that it
does not charge wilful or corrupt miscon
duct; that it "does not state the facts con
stituting the offense in ordinary or concise
language, nor in such a manner as to en
able a person of common understanding to
know what is intended"; that no direct
charge is made and that the document is
generally insufficient and defective.
RAILWAY AGEKTS COMBINE.
The Local Men Organizing Under Per
emptory Rules to Maintain Kates.
The railway ticket agents of this City,
having disbandoned their old society, are
industriously endeavoring to come to some
mutual understanding that a new associa
tion may be established at the earliest
possible day.
They field a meeting Sunday afternoon
in the Palace Hotel and took up the dis
cussion of a plan of organization. The
agreement and instructions for local pas
senger associations as formulated by the
Transcontinental Association at Chicago
were read, and a committee consisting of
S. H. Perkins of the Santa Fe, M. >1.
Stern of the Canadian Pacific, and W. D.
Sanborn cf the Burlington was appointed
to draft an agreement suited to local con
ditions.
This comnMttee, however, was given to
understand that the document from the
head representatives in Chicago should
not be mutilated, so that all that could be
don« was to add new sections demanded
by the peculiarities of the local situation.
A report will be presented at a meeting to
bo held immediately.
The agreement from Chicago is observed
by the aeents as a secret communication,
and the most they would say about it was
tl.at it ]>eremptorily prohibited dealing
with brokers, and made the penalty for
reduction of passencer rates a very drastic
measure. Under the new rules it will be
almost impossible for the ticket ageuts to
make a reduction in rates.
STUDIES AT ST. MARY'S.
The Christian Brothers Preparing to
Reopen Their New College.
The Christian Brothers have announced
that they will reopen St. Mary's College in
Oakland to-morrow, when studies will be
resumed in the various collegiate depart
ments.
When studies were discontinued by the
Brothers the doors of old St. Mary's Col
lege in this City closed perhaps for the last
time. Now the handsome building across
the bay is ready to receive students, and
so the faculty and pupils will have a
happy and very comfortable home with
all the latest improvements introduced
after the tire.
With the reopening of the burned col
lege structure the Christian Brothers ex
pect to have ronnd them a largely in
creased attendance of boys and youngr
men, as their many stanch friend's have
given flattering assurances of continued
support. Brother Genebern will be su
perior of the college.
THEY FELL FIVE STORIES
Miraculous Escape of Two Elec
tricians in the Parrott
Building.
j The Rope by Which They Slid Down
Had by Some Means Become
Loosened.
Franfe Griffin and J. J. Marshall, em
ployes of the California Electric Supply
Company, had a narrow escape from
death in the Parrott building on Market
I street yesterday afternoon.
They were employed fixing up the
electric-light fittings in the building and
\ were accustomed to slide down a rope
I from floor to floor. The rope ran over a
pulley at the top of the building and was
made fast at the bottom. By some un
explained means the rope had'become un
fastened, and when they seized hold of it
| on the rifth floor to slide down to the
! first floor they were precipitated to the
| basement. Fortunately they fell upon a
j heap of sand, otherwise they would have
j been dashed to pieces.
They were taken to the Receiving Hos
j pital in an unconscious condition, but
i gradually rallied. Dr. Weil found that
; both were suffering from a sprain of the
j back, and Marshall's lips were cut. No
bones were broken, and the men will soon
be able to return to work.
Gntfin lives at Fifth and Mission streets,
I and Marshall at 2309 Mariposa street.
Marshall had sufficiently recovered last
j night to be taken to his home in tneambu
j lance. Griffin is still in the hospital and
I complains of pains in his back. Both are
I boys about 19 years of age.
In speaking of the accident laßt night
Griffin said: "We were working on the
I fifth story of the building.and at "the noon
j hour we put on our coats to go to dinner.
We had been in the habit of sliding down
on a rope, which ran from the top to tha
basement in the elevator-well in the center
of the building. It ran through a block
and was fastened at the bottom.
"I caught hold of the rope, crossed my
legs over it to slide down, while Marshall
did the same above me. As we swung off,
to our horror the rope went down with
us. We clung to it desperately, but we
went down at a dreadful speed. There
was a scantling across the well at the first
floor where we used to land and we struck
I against that and bounded up. Then I lost
j consciousness and didn't remember any
thing more till I wns here in the hospital""
Two things saved the boys from instant
death. One was the breaking of their fall
by striking against the BCantJine, which
j fortunately bent with their weight, and
i the other was the fact that the basement
, where they landed was rilled with sand.
1 How the rope became unfastened is so far
| a mystery.
TO ANKTJL A DEED.
Joseph Simon Sues for His Grand-
mothsr'i Property.
Joseph Simon, by his mother, Caroline
Simon, is suing to have set aside a deed
conveying a lot on Montgomery street,
near Pacific, from Sarah Simon, his grand
mother, to Annie Kasmelinski.
Sarah Simon died October 16, 1894. She
! had taken a great fancy to Joseph Simon
| and had him constantly with her. She
' purchased him c!othe9 "and treated him
! always as her favorite. When she died it
| was expected that her property would be
left to the boy, but it was found that she
had died intestate and that the Montgom
ery-street lot had been deeded away
i before her death to the defendant in the
■ suit.
The complaint alleges that the deed was
| secured through undue influence, the old
; lady not being mentally strone before her
death. The court is asked to annul the
j deed.
Telegraph operators in Germany receive
$5 11 a week; in Italy, $5 20.
SPROULE`S EFFORT FAILED
Attempts to Oust the Manufac
turers' Association Sec
retaries.
SMITH WANTS THE PLACE.
The First Outbreak in the Home Indus
try Organization Quietly
Suppressed.
The placid air characteristic of the meet
ings of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association was broken yesterday by an
attempt on the part of James Sproule, the
seedman, to oust the secretaries and clerks
and place one of his friends in the office
as general manager. This matter had been
brewing for a week or two, but only a
few of the directors knew what was in the
wind, and even when it first came up in
yesterday's meeting several dia not re
alize what was coming.
When the directors met yesterday there
was a remarkably large gathering, nine
out of the eleven directors being present.
Those in attendance were H. T. IScoU,
chairman and president of the association,
James Sproule, \V. F. Bowers, L. R. Mead
(the secretary), M. McGlynn, M. J. Keller,
J. P. Currier, Julian Sountag and K. S.
Moore. The meeting had hardly been
called to order when Mr. Sproule made a
motion to go at once into secret ses
sion, which was promptly voted down
until after the rejru;ar business was trans
acted. Mr. Keller and Mr. Sonntag ex
pressed themselves as opposed to secret
sessions in such organizations. They
advocated acting wisely in open session.
After the routine business was transacted
the reporter-. Assistant Secretary Dingle
and Promoter Tacey retired.
Then it was that Mr. Sprou'e sprung
his plan. He made a ppeech, but what he
said was not reported by the directors
when they adjourned fifteen minutes
later. Some idea, however, may be
gathered of what he said from the tenor
of a letter he wrote to Secretary Mead sev
eral weeks ago, which had been perused
by a number of the members previous to
the meeting. In that letter he wrote:
* * * Without any prejudice whatever to
your good self, for whom I have the greatest
respect— both personally and in a business
way— l must sty, with all possible emphasis,
that I am in favor of a radical change in the
detail management of our association's affairs.
We are languishing, and with the limited time
at your disposal to keep hoid of nutters it is
more necessary now than ever before to resolve
our aflairs into a state of permanent efficiency.
Looking around for a man in whose ability,
energy and foresightedness, in whom I, for
one. could have confidence, I have not been
unable to locate any more suitable man Than
Kmery E. bmith, who, I believe, has been to
see you and quite a number of the directors of
tho association. We need a manager 10 take
full charge of matters under the direction of
the board — a man who will be every hour of
the day on deck with the interests of the asso
ciation solely in mind and in hand.
I shall give the gentleman named such earn
est advocacy as I believe the needs of the asso
ciation andhis elegibility warrant.
Mr. Sproule followed his speech by of
fering a resolution to the effect that a
manager be appointed, who should take
charge of the entire management of the
office and be subject to the direction of the
board of managers, at a salary within the
means of the association.
The combination did not work, for a
substitute offered by Mr. Keller was
adopted providing that the chairman
should appoint a committee of three,
whoso dut3' it should be to review the
work of the association in the past and
look into the efficiency of the present
managers and to recommend plans loot
ing 10 a renewal of the work of the asso
ciation and the carrying out ot the aims
and objects for which it was organized.
On this committee were appointed
Keller, Sproule and Bowers.
So far as could be learned, Mr. Sproule
refrained from using the name of the
gentleman he advocated in his letter.
Emery E. Smith is said to be a personal
friend of Mr. Sproule. He was recently
professor of agriculture at the Leiand
Stanford Jr. University, and upon leaving
liis position decided that he would like to
steer the association's ship through the
troubled sea of commercial uncertainty.
Mr. Sproule's efforts so far to put the pro
fessor in command have failed.
Back of all this there is said to be another
motive for discontent which extends far
back of Mr. Sproule. The association was
organized for the purpose of encouraging
home manufactures and home industries.
The very interests of the association are
said to be in conflict with the personal in
terests of some of the members who, it is
broadly hinted, handle Eastern - made
goods. Secretary Mead is not at the asso
ciation office much of the time, and the
duties and responsibilities of the position
fall upon the assistant secretary, F. 11.
Dingle. The latter has hewed to the line
upon the subject of patronizing home in
dustries, and the chips have evidently
dropped upon some one's toes where
they hurt. Letters have been sent to
many public and private institutions in
the name of the secretary demanding that
home products be used, which rumor
states conflicted with the individual inter
ests of members of the association.
In several instances the writer of the
letters has been sharply criticized for
writing too freely and without a proper
understanding of the subjects contained
therein. In nearly every instance his ac
tions were sustained b3* a majority of the
board of directors.
The thought has been expressed that by
removing Mead, Dingle and Tacey and
putting Professor Smith in as general
manager the latter couid steer clear of
some of the rocks that are hidden from
public view below the surface.
Whatever may be the true inwardness of
the whole affair, there is one thing that is
regarded as certain. That is that the ap
pointment of the committee will have the
effect of putting every member on his
mettle to throw more vieor into the asso
ciation. It is believed that a general over
hauling of the work done will suggest new
lines upon which the association can
branch out in the interest of promoting
and fostering home industries.
THREE MILLION DOLLARS
Deed of Trust of the Los Angeles Rail
way Company Properly
Executed.
The deed of trust of the Los Angeles
Railway Company, which represents se
curities to the value of $3,000,000, nas been
executed in due form and recorded. All
the holders of stocks and bonds pooled
their holdings in the Bank of California
and will now receive new securities in ex
change for the old. The Savings and Loan
Society, Borel & Co., the Risdon Iron
Works, the People's Home Savings Bank
and various other institutions are inter
ested.
It is said that the new securities are
more valuable than the old, which means
that the reorganization has been success
fully effected.
POLICE UNIFORMS.
The Hack and Sick Inspectors Must
Couform to the Kules.
Since the new order regarding the wear
ing of uniforms by the members of the
Police Department when on duty went
into effect some months ago, it has been
rigidly enforced except in three instances.
Sergeant T. Bethel (the sick inspector),
Sergeant Cornelius Martin (the hack in
spector) ana Policeman Owen Gorman
(his assistant) have been accorded the
privilege of wearing citizens' clothes when
on duty, but yesterday they were notified
that they must in future wear their
uniforms.
Mounted patrolmen have also been ac
corded the privilege of wearing caps while
on duty, but yesterday they were notified
that in fnture'they must wear helmets the
same as other patrolmen.
TAINTED MEAT SEIZED.
Market Inspector Davis Makes a Big
Haul in Chinatown.
Market Inspector Ben Davis made a big
seizure of tainted meat in Chinatown yes
terday, and as a consequence warrants
will be sworn out for the offending Chinese
butchers to-day.
In his rounds Davis visited the estab
lishment of Duck Hing at 746 Washington
street and was rewarded by finding 300
pounds of veal which had reached a condi
tion that made it entirely unfit for human
consumption.
Davis'saturated the meat with coal oil
so that the Chinese could not possibly use
it again. He was afraid they might follow
the wa-on with the meat and regain pos
session of it.
The Inspector and his deputy then went
to the shop of Lee Sung, 10^ Fish alley,
and 3eized twenty-five pounds of diseased
meat, which they threw into the street
and saturated with coal oil. By this time
an immense crowd, chierly Chinese, had
gathered, and the Chinatown fquad think
ing there was a riot rushed to the scene
and kept the crowd moving.
Inspector Davis will swear out warrants
this morning for the arrest of Tuck Hing
and Lee Hing, and it is likely they will be
severely dealt with, as it is not long since
they were convicted and lined for the same
offense.
AS TO SCALPED TICKETS.
Federal Judge Morrow Holds
That They Are Good on
the Sea.
The Decision Was in the Gleason Case
Against the Steamer Willam*
ette Valley.
A decision that will greatly Interest
transportation companies was handed
down by United States District Judce
Morrow yesterday, in the admiralty case
of Patrick G. Gleason against the Oregon
Pacific Railroad Company's steamer the
Willamette Valley. Its efffrt is to declare
a scalper's ticket good on salt water.
Gleason sued for $5000 damages for being
refused accommodations on the steamer
on a voyage from Yaquina Bay to this
City in August, 1893. He bad bought a
first-class return ticket at Portland, Or.,
good from Albany, Or., to San Francisco,
purchasing it of a scalper. The original
ticket had been issued to one Charles
Meyers at San Francisco. Gleascn paid
$4 5G for the portion of it which he got.
On the steamer he was allowed cabin
accommodations the first day, hut on the
second day he was ejected from his state
room and" then refused either cabin or
steerage accommodations, being com
pelled to sleep out on the forward deck for
the remainder of the voyage and to go
without food.
The lirst-class fare was $12, and the sec
ond-class fare fS. Gleason offered to com
promise with the purser by putting up $8
for steerage accommodations, but this
tender the purser arbitrarily spurned. In
consequence of having to sleep out in the
open air and being deprived of food, the
plaintiff showed that he bad contracted
sickness, and that he was thereby inca
pacitated lor any kind of labor for some
time, besides being disappointed in his
Midwinter Fair calculations on account of
this sickness.
The purs-er had $240 belonging to Glea
son in his possession, and threatened to
withhold the $12 from this, but Gleason
successfully objected. Subsequently the
company'sagents refused to turn over the
$240 to Gleason, and only after a deal of
trouble diet he succeed in getting his
money returned to him.
Judge Morrow, in his opinion, holds
that the ticket entitled the holder to a
first-class passage with all the accommo
dations as to staterooms and meals it called
for; that there wa3 nothing on its face in
the shape of a contract to show that it was
not transferable ; that the comuany had
received the equivalent for the ticket, and
was under obligation to give proper re
turn, and that Gleason, being the posses
sor of it, was entitled to this return with
out question.
The defense made a very poor show
ing before the court, and contenting itself
with merely denying in toto all the plaint
iff's allegations confined its attention
mostly to attacking the court's jurisdic
tion, a familiar method of righting ad
miralty cases involving an act part of
which has been performed on land and
part on sea. The court demonstrates that
it had full and undivided jurisdiction, as
the act complained of by Gleason and
proved against the steamboat officers oc
curred at sea and therefore within mari
time jurisdiction, and that the sale and
purchase of the ticket had no bearing
whatever upon the question of jurisdic
tion or the merits of the controversy.
The amount claimed by Gleason, how
ever, was not awarded to him. In the
court's judgment ?300 was a proper com
pensation, and this sum was decreed in
his favor.
Addresses to Women,
Mrs. E. G. Greene of Santa Cruz, State super
intendent of mothers' work for the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, will give an ad
dress on "Methods of Work" before the Central
Lnion at 132 McAllister street to-day at '2 p. m.
She will address the mothers' meeting of the
Central M. L. Church Thursday at 2 30 p m
Ail women interested in mothers' work are
cordially invited to both meetings.
NEW TO-DAY.
wifpipiHy
ABOUT THE:::
NEW REMEDY
Mitchell's
o
Lotion
It Remarkable Pain Eradicator."
An Extrordinary Compound."
•'Wonderful How Quickly it Acts."
£ Works Like a Charm."
| Have Xo Dread of Felons Now."
( It is Named Just Hight."
t( A Perfect Marvel of Certainty."
(( Does More Than is Claimed for It."
Effect Was Like Magic."
Try it if you acho or get hurt, have a
Sore Throat, Head Cold, Burn or Neu-
ralgia. Can't hurt a child. Be sure
and read the directions.
Fill a small teacup with Lotion: when
half evaporated cover and keep for
EXTKUNAL USE. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment and use
- for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, sprains, all
pains, and Sciatica or Asthmatic
i roubles.
CARROLL COOK'S DANGER
Judge Wallace Will Have Him
Up on Next Friday
Morning.
TOO MANY QUESTIONS ASKED.
His Honor Objected to Too Long an
Examination and Trouble
Followed.
The case of Frank Ray, charged with
robbery, was the cause of a sensation
before Judge Wallace yesterday, and as a
result Carroll Cook is bending low under
the weight of a contempt charge, for which
he will be sentenced Friday.
The case was progressing slowly, with
the defendant on the stand, when the
court warned Cook that he would not
allow the questions Cook was asking. The
case was taking too long, the court said,
and it did not see the object of the line of
evidence Cook was pursuing. Finally one
question was stopped by Judge Wallace.
"I will not allow that," he said. "I
don't see the object of that question ex
cept to waste time."
Cook was on his feet at once.
"I object to the language of the court,"
he paid. "I take exception to such re
marks made in the presence of the jury."
"You are in contempt, sir," said his
Honor. "You are guilty of contempt of
this court and I order you to appear here
at 12 o'clock."
Cook tried to make some explanation,
but. Judge Wallace would listen to none,
and so the case of Ray proceeded quietly
until 12 o'clock, when the jury was let go
and the contempt case came up.
Immediately upon the retirement of the
jury Judge Wallace proceeded to read the
adjudication of Cook's contempt. Once
more Cook tried to explain, but no expla
nation was allowed. He asked that an
order to show cause be issued upon which
he might be cited, but this, too, was de
nied, and only an order to appear for sen
tence Friday "was allowed in the proceed
ings.
Being in contempt it was not supposed
that Cook had the legal capacity to con
duct Ray's defense in the afternoon, but
he rose from his chair at the opening of
court in the afternoon and asked the
court's permission to proceed. This was
granted and the case went on.
Raj* was accused of robbing Nicholas
Orth of $3. Orth owed him that amount,
and as tbe debt was not paid Ray hunted
for Orth and having stood him up with a
revolver, relieved him of the amount due.
He was arrested on a charge of robbery,
and after a day's trial the jury failed to
agree and was'discbarged.
A Victoria Passenger Lo«t.
The steamer Waila Walla arrived from Pugel
Sound ports last night with a mystery on
board. At Victoria, B. C, a Mrs. L. A. .
took passage and boarded the steamer, the
has not been seen since by any of the
and they do not know what to think. The
liurser says she may have gene ashore again at
Victoria a« it was very rough, but other mem
bers of the crew are lm-lined to tfc;:.
jumped overboard. No one <t^-ms •■
much about the woman and no description of
her could be obtained.
The Band Waa Free.
Kick Brown, leader of the People's Palace
band, states that he received only (19 from the
Dempsey benefit, and that sum wmh
cover losses of some of the bandsmen who can
celed other engagements for the evening. Mr.
Brown and most of his men gave their services
free.
NEW TO-DAT.
cinipims
WINTER
CLEARANCE
_ SALE !
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
Immense
Reductions!
65 pieces 40-INCH IMPORTED FIGURED
GRANITES
To Go at 40e a Yard.
35 pieces 44-INCH BRADFORD MOHAIR
SL ITINGS
To Go at 65e a Yard.
25 pieces 44-INCH PRIESTLEY'S NOV.
ELTY BUITLNGS
To Go at 75e a Yard.
21 pieces 44-INCH JACQT7ABD AND SO-
LEIL NOVELTIES, 10 rtyU,
To Go at $100 a Yard.
365 5Sm£ AKTBI from 2 to 6 yard len s th -
Sold at Half Priw.
SE lIAHLA KSPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON`S LITTLE BOOMERANG
Kis Divorce of Railroads
and Politics Has
Come Home.
SCATHING AFFIDAVITS.
How the Bonded Indebtedness
Was Swelled by a Cor
ruption Fund.
HE IS VICTORIOUS, HOWEVER.
All Evidence Excepting the Rail
road's Earnings and Expendi
tures Ruled Out.
Six years ago C. P. Huntington cast a
boomerang, and after circling in the air it
landed yesterday at his feet. It was at tne
time that he became president of the
Southern Pacific Railroad of Kentucky,
with headquarters at Fourth and Town-
Bend streets.
He had just stepped into the shoes of
the late Senator Stanford and at the meet
ing of the company's directors declared
that "henceforth the railroad and politics
ATTORNEY • GENERAL FITZGERALD ADDRESSING THE COURT.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
must be divorced." Incidentally he also
said upon that memorable occasion, and
at a subsequent one when he was being
banqueted, that the offices at Fourth and
Townsend streets must not be the Mecca
toward which politicians running for
Poundraaster or better turned their steps
and faces.
Railroad Commissioner La Rue has long
cherished Mr. Huntingdon's lapsus hnguie
and yesterday at the injunction suit
brought by the railroad company against
the Railroud Commissioners to prevent
their making a horizontal reduction of 8
per cent on wheat rates he embodied the
gentleman's salutatory in an affidavit, sub
stantiating numerous other affidavits to
the effect that it was a well-known fact
that for years/ane ot the greatest items of
expense incurred by the railroad company
was the purchase of public officials to
legislate in accordance with the corpora
tion's will.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald and Attor
ney Hayne addressed the court in support
of "the affidavits.
To be sure these affidavit?, or rather the
pointed clauses of them, have so far done
Mr. Huntington little harm. The fact
that they were read iv court before a bril
liant galaxy of le^al gentlemen and a few
reporters cuts little figure, excepting that
they are now food for publication. Other
wise Judge McKenna deemed that they
were inadmissible as evidence, sustaining
the objection to them of Mr. llerrin, the
railroad's chief attorney, that they were
based on "information and belief."
The day's session was exceedingly dry,
the Huntington boomerang and the point
made by Judge McKenna that the reoort
of a Congressional committee could be
ignored in his court, being the only two
enlivening features.
The earnings of the Southern Pacific
Company and its ramifications, however,
were brought to light and are herewith
given: also those interesting portions of
the affidavits read, but stricken out Dy the
:. They read as follows:
Affiants say upon information and belief
. i-reat part of the bonded indebtedness
oi the road was not honestly incurred in the
• on and equipment ot the roads, ana
r the principal nor the Interest on
s a legitimate charge upon the In
conuneroe of this State, and that the
amount of such bonded indebtedness does not
tute a Just basis or criterion for transpor
ts >n charges: and that the capital repre
. the Bhareaof stork is almost wholly
Bctit and for sources of affiants' Informs
a these regards and as evidence of
'i.'ints refer to the report of the Pn,
:i:tlroad Commission, consisting of
• rson, I'aterson and Littler, made
great of the United Btatei. in the
year 1887, and to the evidence taken by said
and the message of the President
ted Btatei in regard to the said re
■ ■ fling! of snid commission, a.l
of w . itained in the volumes '1 to 6
tire Beatlon Documents, Firtt
i, Fiftieth Congress."
At thii period of the reading Attorney
objected tn tbe clause of tbe af
fidavit that ft was inadmissible, inasmuch
as it stated no facts as to the bonded in
in'ss of the road and the allegations
v.erp barren of proof.
Attorney Hayne argued that the clause
was prim* facie evidence itself, as it wan
taken from a public document printed
upon the authority of Congress, to wtiicii
it had been transmitted by the President
of the United 8t;t;r ; «.
Judge McKenna held that the facts of
the expenses of the road and the debts not
incurred honestly should be admitted in
evidence, &a he believed that acts of a com
mission of - did not suspend the
rules of evidence. He, therefore, sus
tained the objection in all the clause ex
cepting that portion wherein occurred fig
ures, so far as the railroad company was
concerned.
Tnited States District Attorney Foote
demanded that the ruling be likewise made
in behalf of the Government. This was
granted.
Attorney Hayne proceeded to read fig
ures, giving his confreres ample time to
meander about the corridors, smoke their
cigars or cisc quietly doze off into a sooth
ing nap.
Judge McKenna. however, who had de
creed that these figures, take:i from the
New York Financial Chronicle, published
directly from a copy furnished by de
fendants, according to their own affidavit,
were admissible listenea with painful
fortitude. Tne figures of earnings and
expenses are as follows:
I*as»;boM operations of lines under omnibus
lease for yeai 1891:
Southern Pacific company receipts—
Gross earnings $19,056,012 63
Interest received 34,342 53
Kcntnls received-
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad for
California division 436.226 00
Terminal property in San Francisco . 177 00
Trackage, S. and V. B. X 1,118 00
Total 819,527.911 97
Operating exjenses 12,805,633 83
Taxes 487,122 44
Interest on bon led debt 4,33'2,74t> 96
[nterest on floating debt 19,747 95
a at—
San Francisco 46,500 00
Shops at San Francisco 10,026 40
Sim Bernardino and Bedlands Kail
road 6,000 00
Shop facilities at El Paso 6,000 00
Trackage, Bio Grande and Xl Paso. 5.661 36
Trackage Pacific i unction to:
Cheyneyville 810.6-JOOO
Rental of steamships 590,865 00
Kental at Houston 3,096 00
[Sundry rentals 4,805 00
Total expenditures $18,331,724 14
Net profit 1,196,180 93
Perceniaci of profit due each company:
8. P. K. R. of California, 44 per cent... 9526,332 26
S. P. 8.8. oi Arizona. 16 per cent 119, 7O
s. P. K. K. of Sew Mexico, 6 percent. 71,771 22
Morgaus' La. and T. K. R. and s. s.
■ Co.. 23 per cent 275,12300
, Louisiana Western R. R., 7 percent... 88,783 05
■. 1\ Co., 10 percent H9,«i«7i>
i Bo that the S. r. R. R. earned Its 44 per cent of
: omnibus lease (9536,88'J 20) and Atlantic and
I.i Be rental ' i:-!bV-00), terminal property in s>an
, Francisco $i 77.
, i Total receipts from 8. P. R. R. Co. from January
Ito September 80: 1895, 6,718, 596; 1894, $5,
--i 845,832.
Showing a gain for 1895 over the correspond
: ing months oi 1804 of ?872,G64 at the rate of
$1,163,552 per annum. If that amount be
: added to the surplus carried forward last year
, ; {.*1, 279,702) there will be the sum of $3,043,
--254, which is more than sufficient to pay
' another dividend of 3 per cent and carry for
: ward a surplus of a little over a million dol
lars.
Following are the receipts:
To Jane 30. To July.
1895. 1894. 1895. 1894.
! $14.7-27,320 $14,826,555 $17,630. $16.6P4.r>20
Loss, $99,235. Gain, $945,865.
To August 31.
1896. 1894.
. $20,713,650 $19,811,516
Gain, $902,134.
' To September 30.
1895. 1894.
$23,091,041 *22,839,957
! Gain. 9HS-J.104.
i The Southern Hallway of California '
I earned and aoded to Its surplus ...9 265,708 62
And tbe Sonibern Tacitfc Company
received Itself, as its share ol the
profits Of the omnibus lease 119,615 70
• And the alifornia Pacific earned
I and added to its surplus 252,13160
I Making a total gain iroui these Cali
fornia roads : 1,600,223 00
And this was in a year of unexampled rail
! road depression, which sent nearly all the
grrat railroads of the country into the hands
| of receivers.
j Affiants further say that for a long time past
, it has been and is a matter of common knowl
i edge and notoriety that it has been and is the i
; policy of the Southern Pacific Company and
: the combination of roads which it controls to :
! make the local rates for transportation and
distribution of goods in California to and from
such points as can be reached by water co high
as to be prohibitory in character, so that it has j
i been and is unprofitable to import into Califor
. nia many kinds of goods and merchandise use
ful to the people of the State and distribute !
them throughout the State; that for a long
time past the complainant, by means of the
combination of roads set forth in the bill of
complaint, has had and has a virtual monopoly
of the business Ot the transportation of goods
throughout the State, and that it has lixed the
local rates as aforesaid not for the purpose oi I
legitimate competition, but for the purposes of |
! destroying commerce, by water, in making it
unprofitable to distribute throughout the State
goods brought by water to tho ports of the
.State.
And affiants further say that it is a matter of
common and public notoriety, and affiants, on
; information and belief, say that the complain
ant has for many years past had in its em
ploy a large force of political agents and lob- ;
I bylsts for the purpose of controlling the elec- i
' tions and the actions of the various branches '
! of the State government, and iv that way
, spends, and has for many years past spent
iarge sums of money, which it covers up and
conceals in its accounts in various ways, but
all of which it puts forward as a basis for its
i excessive and oppressive rates.
The bulk of the grain raised in the State is
' raised in the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
i leys, anil is transported from there to points
j on the bay of San i-'rancisco; that practically
I no grain was ever transported over that por
' lion of the Central Pacific which is to the east
j ward of a plf.ee called Roseville, twenty milca
cast of Sacramento, and that the grain which
used to be shipped over its Central Pacific by
way of Marysville nnd Roseville from the Up
per Sacramento Valley, has of recent years
been diverted by the complainant to neighbor
ing branch roads controlled by it; and that
now and for some time past practically no
grain is hauled over the Central Pacific road,
except that which is shipped in the vicinity of
Lodi and J.athrop and intermediate points;
that the grain schedules and rates made by
i the defendants will make but a few dollars dif
ference in the amount of the security claimed
, by tbe United Btatei Government.
And affiants further say on information and
! belief that the said reduction of the rates of
I transportation in the State would soon result
! in a revival of business and of the general
I prosperity and in a great increase In the quan-
I tity of goods and merchandise to be trans
ported over the complainant's lines of road,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
; and that complainant nnd the lines of roaO
! which it controls would share in the general
prosperity and would not be injured, bat
woald be benefited in the before-mentioned
action of the Board of Kailroad Commissioners.
And affiants further say upon information
and belief that while it is true that many of
i the rates of the roads forming the oombinatioo
j controlled by the complainant, having been
fixed by some of the previous boar<i> of EUtil
; way Commissioners, yet that by reason of the
j interference of the complainant iv the polities
<>f the Slate a.s aforesaid, and in otherways.it
has been able to control a majority of 'such
boards, and to have such rates tixed to suit
itself and not in the interests of the people of
the Btate of California.
Attorney Hayne's colored boy was about
to bring up another package of affidavits
a foot thick, when Judge McKenna ad
journed court until this morning.
GOT ENGLISH MONEY.
Chafley Brothers to Extend Tlieir Vast
Irrigation Kuterprise at the
Antipodes.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yester
day was James Denman, a wealthy resi
dent of Adelaide, South Australia, who
has been on a trip to England.
Mr. Denman says that the Chaffey broth
ers of California, who a few years ago
began irrigating large areas in South Aus
tralia and Victoria, and who were after
ward seriously handicapped by the hard
times, bad succeeded in raising a lot of
English money.
''They went over to England and floated
a lot of debentures," he said, "and they
now have all the money they need. They
have two colonies. One is Meldura, in
Victoria, and tne other is Renniark, in
South Australia. Both are flourishing in
a very satisfactory way.
"The water for irrigating the lands
comes from the Murray, the only great
river in Australia. The country* about
these towns was a vast desert till the Chaf
fey brothers took hold of this irrigation
enterprise. Now the results arc being seen
in the magniticenr semi-tropical fruits
th.it have been grown.
: 'The Cbaffey brothers are very well
thought of. They could have got all the
money they wanted, too, for the people
were with them, but the banks just at that
time decined to aid the project any more
because of the general lull in business.
Things are improving now, and have been
for some time.
"I think we will have federation in Aus
tralia before lonsr, and one country instead
i >f several. Then we will have aGovernor
j General like Canada. At present we have
protection, which aids us greatly.
"As for Adelaide it has now about 70,000
j people, with 40,000 men within ten miles.
Ihe increase of people to South Australia
| is steady and solid."
Mr. Denman will sail for home on Sat
urday.
COMMERCIAL BANKS.
Interesting: Reports of Their Condition
on the Ist of November,
The Bank Commissioners have received
the last of the reports of the State banks
called for November 1. The reports of all
the City banks have been published in The
Call. The reports of the interior commer
cial banks and their financial resources on
November 1 were as follows:
BEHorncEs.
Bank premises f 1,760,846 07
Keal estate taken for debt 3.434,820 94
Bonds, stocks and county warrants 2,044.721 77
Loans on resil estate 15,560,010 30
Loans on stocks, bonds ana war
rants 2,745,159 16
Loans on other Becurities.Kraln, etc. 1,321,428 25
i..i;ii;x on personal security and
overdrafts 10,867,455 25
Honey on hand 4,340.401 HO
Due from banks and bankers 6.670,944 14
Otherassets 1,293,833 62
Total resources 958,4)39,620 81
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In coin $18,808,707 50
Reserve fund, profit and loss and
contingent fnnd 7,225,638 59
Dvedppositors 27,418,849 05
Duo banks and bankers 1,379,590 90
Public funds 2,260,896 45
Other liabilities 946.038 32
Total liabilities ? 58, 039, 620 8^
The secretary, Mr. Dunsmoor, of the
Bank Commissioners, as soon as he re
ceived the reports of the interior banks,
made up a report, which shows the
grand, total of the financial condition of
the 175 commercial banks of the State,
which is as follows:
BESOrKCES.
Bank premises $2,881,207 66
Heal estate taicen for debt 4,944,489 49
United Stutos bonds, miscel
laneooi bonds and stocks, coun
ty warrants 6,253.578 33
Loans on real estate 19,450.532 79
Loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants 13,144,148 22
Loans on other securities (grain,
etcO 6,135,616 42
Louns on personal security and
overdrafts 41.482.949 98
Money on hand 19.5H'J,47J Bft
Due from banks and bankers 16,210.3:12 48
Other assets , 5,088,802 52
Total resources $135,160,130 74
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In coin #44,490,926 88
Reserve fund, profit and loss and
contingent fund 17,782,554 70
Due depositors 60,399.238 40
Due banksand bankers 7,218.708 00
I'ulilie funds 2.206.896 45
uther liabilities 8,001.t506 31
Total liabilities $135, 160,130 74
A Stockholder's Protest.
Warren Heaton is suing LaFavorita Vineyard
Company to have them prevented from en
forcing an assessment levied October 14, 1895,
and also to have a receiver appointed for the
property and to have it sold and an accounting
made. Heaton alleges that the directors have
been very extravagant in their management
of the company's affairs, and that the $40,000
which it was the wish of the directors to raise
and lor which the stock was ut=sessed, was un
necessary and a useless waste oi money.
DUNDON'S ODD TRAMWAY
The Harbor Commissioners Will
Allow It to Remain for
a Time.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD.
Fruit and Cigar Stands and the Bal
last Men Will Be Moved Off
the Water Front.
It took P. F. Dundon over half an hour
to explain to the Harbor Commissioners
yesterday matters in connection with his
tramway on the seawall. At one time it
looked as though the track would be
ordered torn up, but finally permission
was given for it to remain for a time to
see how it would work. This permission
was only given on the understanding that
Mi. Dundon is to place a warning light
near the derrick and give a bond to in
demnify the commission against any loss
and to defend any damage suits that may
happen in consequence of the tracks
being on the City front.
Chief Engineer Howard C. Holmes re
ported that the track is dangerous to all
who have to do business on the seawall.
In this opinion he was supported by Chief
Whariinger Root.
Mr. Ihmdon was called in and cross
questioned. He apologized for his ap
parent, discourtesy to the board and said it
was all through rush of business. He
admitted having failed to ask for permis
sion at the proper time and offered to
make all the reparation in his power.
A prolonged discussion ensued, in which
Mr. Dun don made a plea for his track and
derrick. President Colnon said:
It just amounts to this— it's the opening of
the door, li we grant this privilege others will
want a similar one. It wouldn't surprise me
in the least to see P. B. Cornwall here at the
next meeting asking permission to run tracks
from his lumber-yard to the wharf.
Commissioner Cole— Oh, the cases are not
similar. Where Cornwall is there is a great
deal of traffic and 1 would never agree to his
laying tracks across the seawall. In Dundon's
case, however, there are not more than a
dozen buggies and wagons pass in a day.
Commissioner chadbourne — I am in favor of
allowing the tracks to remain for the time
being to see whether they are a:i obstruction
or not on condition that Mr. Bundon lile a
bond, as has been suggested.
This the ex-Supervisor agreed to do and
went away only half satisfied.
The question of the new ferry depot came
an again, and President Taylor of the
Risdon Iron Works said he wanted to
come to an understanding with the board.
He said:
My attorney has told me that in view of the
conflict between the attorneys for the board
and the Attorney-General it would not be safe
to go on with the contract. The chances are
that the matter will be carried to the Supreme
Court, and while a decision is being reached
freights may go up and we would lose heavily
on tiie contract. I don't want to say that we
will not take the contract, but I cannot control
the future.
President Oolnr.n— Then you want to be left
free to accept or decline the contract?
Captain Taylor nodded his head and
said, "That's just it."
President colnon -Well, it seems to me that
the best thine that can be done is to let the
matter stand that way.
Commissioner chadbourne— lf the board has
to advertise we have the right to reject your
bid, and if freights go up you can repudiate
your contract.
With that understanding Captain Taylor
went: away satisfied.
About a week ago an engine on the belt
road ran into one of McNab & Smith's
wagons and damaged it to the extent of
$<i 7 io. The bill was sent to the board but
it was rejected on the testimony of Yard
master Goodrich, who said the "driver was
to blame.
President Colnon moved that all the
buildings on the water front not absolutely
necessary for the convenience of commerce
be removed. This will include all the
cigar booths and fruitsiands, the ballast
and brick men and a number of others.
Commissioner Cole — I am much opposed to
jpuch an order unless the ballast men are al
owed to remain, or e\e°. that everybody, in
cludhig the boatmen, be removed.
Commissioner Chadbourno— East street is not
yet buiit up, and if I was the owner of prop
erty on the west side I would certainly object
to having an opposition that pays no rent
working against me on state property. If these
people want to do business let them move
across the street.
Commissioner Cole— lf the boatmen are al
lowed to stay I think the bfillast men should
also stay. Both oi them are connected with
the shipping interests of the port.
Commissioner Chad bourne— Well. I'll second
the president's motion. 1 think ii's a good
move. It is in the direction of removing ob
structions and advertising devices from the
water front and I am in favor of it.
The motion was carried unanimously,
Mr. Cole reserving the riirht to object to
the moving of the ballast-men when the
matter comes up again.
About a month ago the Union Trans
portation Company's Dauntless ran into
Clay-street wharf and damaged it to the
extent of $100. This was only an estimate,
and a bill on that basis was sent to tbe
company. An itemized account was de
manded, which Secretary Keegan was in
structed to furnish. It transpires that tne
transportation company would have been
better off if it had paid the .SIOO, as it cost
a considerable amount more than that to
repair the wharf.
Bids for the removal of 200 feet from the
outer end of Powell-street wharf and the
repairing of the inner end of Howard No.
2 were opened and read, as follows:
Darby, Leydon <fc Co :..... $4077
Taclflc Bridge Company SSOO
San Francisco Bridge Company 4647
Thompson Bridge Company B % 'oo
James A. McMuhon  8928
Cotton Bros 3734
The contract was awarded to Cotton
Bros., a bond to be. filed.
ALONG THE FRONT.
The Alaska Packers' Association
Will Have Opposition In the Sal-
mon Trade Next Summer.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Walla Walla was delayed twelve hours in
getting in from Puget Sound by a strong
southeast gale which lasted fifty-four
hours. She brought 15G passengers and a
full cargo. The work of discharging will
be rushed and she will get out on schedule
time.
So much freight is offering for the big
steamer Afridi, which is under charter to
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company, that her sailing date has had to
be postponed to Friday next at noon. She
will take 2800 tons of flour, and all in all,
she will have fully 5000 in her hold when
she gets away. This is one of the largest
shipments of flour that has ever gone out
of this port. The Afridi will carry no
passengers, as very few Chinese are travel
ing, owing to the fact that their new year
would he over by the time they reached
Hong-Kong.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's Mary Garratt had such a
big load of flour aboard for the Afridi that
she stuck in the mud on her way down
from Stockton and wa3 several hours late
in getting in.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company is
preparing to compete with the Alaska
Packers' Association next summer. In
consequence they will build a cannery in
Hunter Bay, Prince Edwards Sound, and
another at Chilcat. They have also pur
chased the steamer Golden Gate and are
now repairing her at Alameaa Point. She
will be sent to Hunter Bay and will be
used as a tender for the canneries.
The steamer Colon of the Pacific Mail
line sails for Panama and way ports to
day. She is crowded with freight, having
over 2000 tons aboard.
The British ship Largiemore, which left
here on August 2a last, has had very hard
luck. On December '24 last she went
ashore at Falmouth, but was got off unin
jured. Yesterday she went ashore at Vil
ioth and is now reported as being high and
dry at low water.
The ship Kenilworth arrived last night,
havinsr sailed from New York August Hi.
IMS. Bhe reports that January f!, thirty
miles west of the Farallones, she spoke
the ships Edward O'Brien and W. I.
Grace from New York, and seven other
deep-water vessels bound for this port.
MADE A NEAT STAKE.
Feter Negro Cleans Up 850,000 in
Cash From the Amarilla, in
Minas Prietag.
Peter Negro, owner of important gold
properties at Minas Prietas, Sonora, who
fifteen years ago worked in the Butte mine,
Sierra County, is at the Baldwin.
Mr. Negro, after leaving here, went to
Colorado and Arizona, where he remained
some years, finally removing to Minus
Prietas, which is forty-three miles from
Hermosillo and seventy-five miles from
Ouaymas. The nearest railroad point is
Torres, fifteen miles away, on the Sonora
Railroad.
The wandering miner has been lucky
since he went away, so he says. He dis
covered the famous Amarilla mine, which
ho and those who became partners with
him afterward sold for $155,000. Mr.
Negro's share was $50,000.
Howell Hind, who often comes to the
City, was the purchaser.
Mr. Negro says the mine has developed
enormous quartz veins lately, and that,
with the adjoining properties which Mr. !
Hind has, it is no trouble at all to get out !
$1,00 ',000 most any time. The Amarilla is i
a steady producer "the gold coming regu
larly to Wells, Fargo & Co. here.
"I discovered the mine and am very
proud of it," he said. "It is an enormous
property and its owner now will make a
very large additional fortune. As for my
self, I have four mines now which I am
working steadily. I have a combination
THE LATE JOHN >V. COLE.MAN.
[From a photograph.]
of seventeen properties lately formed in
one company.
"The vein? in the Minas Prietas district
are very large and in the main rich. A
good deal of San Francisco capital is in
vested there. Most of those who have in
vested are doing well. The climate is
pretty good there and work can go along
through the year without interruption.
"The Amarilla mine produced nearlj
$1,000,000 last year with only a 20-stamp
mill. It will do vastly better this year.
There are a number of other mines there
that are paying handsome dividends."
Mr. Negro will be here a couple of weeks.
THE FUNDING BILL.
The Howard Itnpublicau Club Adopts
Resolutions Urging; Action to De
feat It in Congress.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Howard
Club was held Tuesday evening at Pythian
Castle Hp 11,909 Market street, the occasion
being th« installation of otticers and direc
tors. After the installation Chrifl A. New
man, the president, announced to the
members present that it was the purpose
of the officers and directors to make the
Howard Club the central Republican club
of the City. John T. Graham and other
members addressed the club on various
topics. John W. Koch, corresponding sec
retary, introduced the following resolu
tions, which were adopted by the club:
Realizing tne importance of the success of
the Republican party in the coming campaign,
and fully bf-lievine in that party as being the
highest and best representative of the loyal
and intelligent will of the American people,
we, the members of the Howard Club of San
Francisco, do hereby
Rcatrtvt, That we most heartily indorse and
commend the action of the Republican Con
fress now in session, and that we condemn the
utile and unbusinesslike methods of the Dem
ocratic administration whereby the National
treasury has been depleted and the public in
debtness increased at the enormous sum of
millions of dollars per month; be it further
Resolved, That we urge upon all good and
loyal citizens everywhere, and more especially
of the Pacific Coast, the necessity of immediate
action in defeating any bill in Congress look
ing to the funding of the indebtedness of the
Pacific railroads.
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Joseph K. Sham Sued by Max Shirpser
for Collections Alleged to Have
Been Unaccounted For.
Attorney George Perry, for Max Shirpser,
the jeweler, began a suit in the Justices'
Court yesterday against Joseph E. Sham,
whose collection agency has been tangled
up in litigation for some time past.
The complaint alleges that Sham col
lected $235 for Shirpser and "willfully,
fraudulently and feloniously appropriated
the said $235 to his own use."
The court is asked to give judgment for
the amount named and to adjudge Sham
guilty of fraud and to order him impris
oned' until the amount shall have been
paid or the judgment in some manner
satisfied.
THE ST. BERNARD CLUB.
J. G. Barker to Organize the Pacific
Advisory Committee.
The secretary of the Pacific Kennel Club,
Horace Orear, received a letter from A. P.
Vrendenburg, the secretary of the Ameri
can Kennel Club of New York, yesterday,
which says:
I beg to advise you that the American Kennel
Club has appointed J. G. Barker, president of
the St. Bernard Club of California, to organize
the Pacific advisory committee. He is al.so au
thorized to review the caso of E. P. Sen ell and
to call for such papers as the committee may
require. _
Kindly have some representative of your
club appointed to act on that committee and
forward his credentials to Mr. Barker.
DEATH OF J. W. COLEMAN.
The Millionaire Succumbed to
a Stroke of Paraly
sis.
ACTIVE CAREER IN CALIFORNIA
He Was Largely Identified With Tele
graph, Mining and Railroad
Enterprises.
John W. Coleman, a millionaire capital
ist and active business man of San Fran
cisco, expired from a stroke of paralysis at
his City residence, 1822 Sacramento street,
yesterday morning at 5 o'clock. He had
complained of not feeling well for several
days, but Monday he thought he was
much better and went out on the sidewalk
for exercise.
Johu W. Coleman was born in Woodford
County, Ky., in 1832. He came West early
in life, stopping at Independence, Mo.,
where he iound employment as a clerk.
He came to California in 1854, arriving in
Placerville in November of that year. Sub-
sequently he went to Sacramento and be
came an employe of the Alta Telegraph
Company. In 1860 he became manager at
Sacramento of the California State Tele
graph Company. In 1865 he and Jesse 8.
Wall took the contract to construct a tele
graph line from San Francisco to Salt
Lake, and each cleared considerable money
in the enterprise. Mr. Coleiuan was an
expert operator and became thoroughly
familiar with the work of constructing
telegraph lines.
In 1872, when the San Francisco Stock
I and Exchange i?oard was established, Mr
I Coleman became a partner with Henry
i Williams in the firm of James R. Keene tt
| Co. The partnership was successful and
i when the firm dissolved each member had
a large balance to his credit.
Retiring from active speculation in min
ing stocks, Mr. Coleman purchased a con-
I trolling interest in the San Francisco and
I North Pacific Coast Railroad — the narrow-
I gauge line known then as the Latham
road. He became president of the com
pany and managed the road with a fair de-
I gree of success until he sold his interests
some six years ago to J. B. Stetson and
others.
Mr. Coleman was recently elected presi
dent of the Oakland Gaslight Company, to
lill the vacancy caused by the death of
Joseph (1. Kastland. He wag also vice
president and director of the San Fran
cisco and San .loaquin Coal Company, a
director of the Sate Deposit Company and
of the People's Home Savings Bank."
A meeting of the board of trustees of the
Safe Deposit Company was neld Tuesday,
and tributes of respect to the memory "of
Mr. Coleman and resolutions extending
condolence to his family were adopted.
Henry Meiram of the Safe Deposit Com
pany, who was very intimately acquainted
with Mr. Coleman, attended "the meeting.
John W. Coleman served two terms as
; president of the San Francisco Stock and
! Kxchange Hoard, ana that institution ad
! journed yesterday in respect to his mem
ory. He was also a well-known member
of the Pacific Union Club.
The house at 18i'2 Sacramento street,
where Mr. Coleman expired, was leased
only for the winter. Tlie Coleman family
residence in Oakland, where the body was
conveyed yesterday morning, is one of the
finest homes in Alameda County.
In 1861 Mr. Coleman was married at Sac
ramento to Miss Julia M. Pearson. Colonel
James (ramble, ex-manager of the West
ern Union Telegraph Company in this
City, married a sister of Miss .Pearson. Mr.
Coleman's family consisted of lii 3 wife, his
daughtar Jessie and his son Harry. The
sudden death was a great shock to the
iamil3 T .
Queen Victoria is in possession of a curi
ous needle. It was made at the celebrated
needle manufactory at Redditch, and rep
resents the Trajan column in miniature.
Scenes from the Queen's life are depicted
on the needle so finely cut that they are
only discernible throuph a microscope.
The first Duchess of Marlborouch sur
vived the great Duke nearly twenty-two
years. She was a singularly fascinating
woman and could please anybody.
NEW TO-DAY.
USEFUL BOORS GIVES AWAY.
ART AND FANCY WORK.
Mrs. N'ella Daggett of Boston has recently writ-
ten a book, "Fancy Work and Art Decorations,"
that gives practical Instructions for making doilies,
table-covers, scarfs, tray cloths, pin cushions, etc.,
etc., with fifty illustrations. The book, together
mJ^ mmmammmmm at»aa« With "Successful
Home Dyeing,"
COUPON No. 999. will be sent free to
; This entitles any reader of any reader who for-
THE CALL to one copy of wards the attached
"Fancy Work and Art I)rro- coupon and a 2-
rations" and "Successful cent stamp to
Home Dyeing." Wells, Richardson
■ . - & Co., Burling-
*— mm ? mmmm^^ m *^~———' t011( xt.
The above liberal offer is made to advertise the
reliable Diamond Dyes and to get their book upon
home dyeing into the hands of women who want to
dress wsll by making their old clothing look like
new.
The fact that Diamond Dyes have been the
standard home dyes for nearly twenty years and
that their sale increases from yfar to year is proof
| Oiitlve that l hey have never had an equal.
HEW TO-DAT.'
T"? 1 NOLAN BROS.
\\\ SHOE CO.
MONSTER
CLEARANCE
SALE!
We take stock February I, 1806.
Before doing so we will close out
our immense surplus stock at
less than factory prices.
There is only one way to make
a success of a Clearance Sale,
and that is to mark down all the
goods to be closed out to half the
price.
The people "catch on" very
quickly when they can buy shoes
for half the regular price. The
prices of all our shoes will be
marked in plain figures to show
the enormous reductions during
this clearance sale.
Bear in mind you have noth-
ing to lose, for if shoes are not as
represented return them and we
will refund the money.
We cannot occupy space to
quote a full price list; in fact,
prices will cut no figure during
this clearance sale.
Our object is to close out the
surplus of our immense stock in
order to keep our factory running
while others are closed.
■
— —
NOTICE TO OUR OUT-OF-TOWN
PATRONS.
We have just issued 100,000
illustrated catalogues of FINE
SHOES. Send us your address
and we will mail you a Cata-
logue and Souvenir.
We prepay express charges on
all orders for shoes at catalogue
prices on receipt of remittance.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
Mail orders will receive prompt at-
tent ion.
NOLAN BROS.
I SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrcll St.,
PHEI.AX BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
Fll DAI STBB^I F*
URN ITUR E
*gTlf >T^
4 ROOMS
<tt* gmz> r~
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 6-Peice Suit, pluih
trimmed.
Bedroom— 7-Peico Elepant Suit, bed, tv.reau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dininu-Kooui— o-t'ooi Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— No. 7 itnnge, Patent Kitchen Table
and two Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any- ■
' where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
K3T Free packing and delivery across the bay.
WALL PAPER*
if niLL I ne liii
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Qeary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO riAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW.
WINDOW SHADES!
Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
DR. WOO .^v
Chinese Drugs *i<i?j>wj«
nncl Tea ami Herb Mgr &£|
■ Sanitarium, Wg> Jal
\ 776 CLAY STItEET, Pj^ itT^ W
Bet. Kearuy and Dupont, Kn MpS w
San Francisco. Wit **^' fit
1 have been troubled * A » iff
for two years with In- ¥>g£r^^ •£ -3
Humiliation of the lungs |r llfiyi " f* A
and bean disease, hi, .f. tbBSIV A j
was unable to lind re g» P *^ «^rl &^
I was" treated for threi K^it?sffi^?*4'
weeks by Dr. Won^ Woo|«S^aV^r§O^S •
and perfectly restored to HrttowS^^i^T^A-wk
health. JOHN KKGLT,
Six Mile House, HJflstra 15oad.
910
TELLS HER STORY ON THE WITNESS-STAND
Mrs. Davidson's Severe Ar
raignment of the Rev.
Dr. Brown.
MISS MATTIES LETTERS.
They Reveal a Strange Story
of Love, Deception and
Perfidy.
MRS. TUNNELL IS LOCATED.
Dr. Brown and Miss Overman Silent
Mrs. Cooper Convinced of the
Pastor's Guilt.
Incited by curiosity and inspired by a
desire to hear all the details of an alleged
crime, a tremendous crowd was present
when Judee Campbell resumed the exam
ination of Mrs. Mary H. Davidson, charged
with extortion, yesterday.
It was nearly 2 o'clock when court con
vened, but long before that time the room
was packed to the doors, hundreds setk
ing entrance in vain. There was a large
number of ladies in attendance, many of
whom were willing to undergo the discom
fort of "standing room only" if they could
but hear the interesting proceedings.
Dr. Brown, for the first time since the
c.t-- opened, was absent. It was given out
that he had not fully recovered from the
trying ordeal of last Saturday. Mrs. Brown
v.;>? present, however, ~nu occupied a seat
just in the rear of her husband's counsel,
Messrs. Lloyd and Louderback.
She looked pale and careworn, the lines
under her eyes showing plainly that she
felt the embarrassing position in which
the defendant's startling accusations had
placed her and those closest to her heart.
Calna, cold anci as motionless as a statue
■.; throughout the entire afternoon,
evincing not the. slightest concern or in
terest in the terrible story related by Mrs.
Davidson. At times when Attorney Lloyd
objected to the introduction of certain
testimony, her eyes flashed a look of in
terest at the Judge — more of a mute ap
peal than an absolute interest in the
charges themselves.
Deacon Haskeii was an interested spec
tator during the hearing, as was also Dr.
Mackenzie. Among others present were
ex-Judge Toohy, Leo Costelio. Mrs. Judge
Campbell. Mrs. Spencer, Tom Graham
and John rioey.
The feature of the day's proceedings
came when the defense introduced in
evidence the daybook of Mrs. Davidson,
showing that a sale of a corset had been
made to Mrs. J. E. Badden prior to No
vember 21.
The prosecution was dumfounded at
this unexpected evidence of this very mys
terious woman. Attorney Lloyd took the
book, gave it long and careful scrutiny,
and then, without a word, passed it in as
part of defendant's exhibit.
This little episode, small in itself, cre
ated a decided sensation. It proved, in a
measure, the existence of Mrs. Baddin,
and ttiat is a point which has not been
conceded heretofore.
Mrs. Davidson, in her statement, told
substantially all that has been published
in Tun Call heretofore. She went more
into details, of course, but on the vrhole
there was practically nothing new. Con
cerning the conversation and alleged con
fession of Dr. Brown she said:
" 'Have you been a guilty man on and
off?' and he said, 'I am obliged to say that
I have.' Then I said: 'And you break
the communion broad and drink the com
munion wine with the people of your
church day after day? Dont you know
that yon have deserved most bitter con
demnation ?'
"The doctor then went on and told me a
long story of his career, and said: 'Miss
Overman is more the sinner than myself,
because she has always had a strong influ
ence over n:e.' 'That does not relieve
you,' I answered, 'of the responsibility of
the crime; again and again you cave
broken the seventh commahdment.'
"We then spoke of Jane Elizabeth Bad
din; of her coming to the meeting when
the $500 was to be paid. To this he Rain,
'Mrs. Davidson, I don't want to see her.' "
There were many lively tilts during the
proceedings between the defendant's coun
sel and Judge Campbell. At one time his
Honor intimated that Mr. Gallagher was
introducing matter, not because he ex
pected to get it in, but simply that it
might go before the public.
Miss Overman's letters to her friend
Mrs. Tunneil an- published this morning.
They shed a new light on the Brown-
Davidson scandal only so far as corrobor
ating the charges of the latter.
Mrs. Tunneil has at last been located.
She left the City last Wednesday, going
direct to Grangeville, Kings County, this
State.
COURT PROCEEDINGS.
Tho Defendant, Mrs. Davidson,
Gives Her Testi
mony.
Although the continuation of the hear
ing of the case of Mrs. A. Davidson,
charged |Witb extorting $500 from Dr.
Brown, was set by Judge Campbell for 1:30
p. m. yesterday, it was 1:50 p. m. before the
ciise was called in the courtroom of Judce
Joachimsen, after the customary helter
skelter procession from the seat of justice
where Judge Campbell holds regular
court.
After the usual admonition by the Judge
to the witnesses present to retire, Mrs.
Davidson was placed on the stand. She
testified that she resided at 225 Geary
street, was born in Banger, Me.; lived
there till she was 8 years oi age, when she
■went with her parents to Buckaport, Me,
and lived there till 1861 ; was married at
the Jatter place to Franklin Pierce in
February, lHsti. Her husband, she con
tinued, was a major during the war and
went to the front. Sue also served the
Union cause by caring for tho sick and
wounded on the field and in the hospitals
during two-thirds of the period of the war.
After the war she returned to F.ucksport.
Her husband died in 1850, and she married
again in 1573. Her second husband's
name was Thomas Roy Davidson.
Then Attorney Gallagher by her testi
mony showed tliat she came to California
two years ago to-morrow, viz. : the 9th of
January, 1894, to attend ttie Midwinter
Fair; that she opened a corset and waist
agency; that she was in the same business
at the time of her arrest and that she has
represented the same manufacturing iirm
for eight years ; that she had at various
times resided at 1029 Ellis street; some
where on California street, the number of
which shevlid not remember; that s!ie had
had her place of bus. ness at 13!) Post street,
over Liebes' furstore, and that she moved
to her last place cf business, 225 Geary
street, the last week in June.
Added interest was at once discovered
on the countenances of all present when
Attorney Gullagher asked :
'"Do you know a Miss Mattie Overman?"
To this came a prompt and firm reply of
"I do, sir."
Her direct examination then continued
as follows:
Gallagher— When did you first get acquainted
with Mtt tie Overman?
Witness— At the meeting at the Mission-street
Church.
Did Mattie Overman at any time occupy the
same rooms with you?
Yes, sir. Subsequent to her return to the
City.
Do you remember about the date of your first
acquaintance with Mattie Overman?
1 was introduced to her at Dr. Browu's house.
THE WHITE - HAIRED DEFENDANT AND THE THREE ATTORNEYS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Who introduced you to her?
William Marshall.
Was your relation with Mattie Overrann, sub
sequent to her introduction to you, a close
friendship?
It was. sir.
How long aftor you first met Mattie Over
man was it that you met ber again at Dr.
Brown's house?
About two month.--.
Did you see her more than once at Dr.
Brown's house?
Y.;s, sir.
Do you. remember being introduced to Dr.
Brown?
Dr. Brown introduced himself during the
services in his own church.
When was that?
That was in 1894.
Did you ever become a member of Dr. Brown's
church?
Never.
Did you occupy any position in his church?
I was solicited by Dr. Brown to take a Bible
class there.
Did you take the Bible class?
1 did.
When did you take that Bible class?
1 think about ten months ago.
Did you continue to teach the Bible class
uniil the time oi your arrest?
1 did.
Are you certain that since the 22d day of
November, 1805, you taiicht the Bible class in
the First Congregational Church in this City?
J am.
Dili you know whether or not Dr. Brown was
cognizant of that fact?
1 did. It was a; his solicitation that. I ac
cented the class.'
Hid you teach it since the 22d of November,
18i)5? You have toid me that during the iast
ten months >ou have taught this Bible class,
and rou have told me that you tauzlu it until
the 22d of November. !>id you continue to
teach the Bible class after that"? Did Dr. Brown
know you were tench ing it.
1 think so, because lie visited the class while
I was teaching.
Did Dr. Brown at any time while you were
teaching that class since the 22d of November
ever, in you* hearinjr. object to your teaching
tli.it Sunday-school class?
No, sir; on the contrary.
What did he say on the contrary?
I don't know, sir. I can't recall the words
about that fully, it was through Miss Over
man.
Lloyd— Objection on the ground of irrele
vancy and the evidence being hearsay.
Gallagher— 1 asked that question for this pur
pose. The complaining witot'-s has testified
in support oi the complaint, that on the 22d of
November, lie, a minister of the gospel, knew
that the defendant was levying blackmail on
him, knew that she was a bad woman, i want
to show by these statements of hi.; that he per
mitted this woman to teach Sunday-school,
and that he not only failed to object to her so
doing, but offered words of praise for her work.
Objection overruled.
Witness— Dr. Brown spoke of the increase of
the class to me, and said that he was very sure
I could secure a very large class because he
knew i was ;i good scholar and a woman of ex
perience and a Christian.
The court— Was this subsequent to the 22d of
November ?
Yes sir.
Gallagher— Were any persons present at any
conversation you had with Dr. Brown in refer
ence to your conduct ot the Sabbath class?
Louderback— Objection on the ground of im
niHteriality.
Oallat'iier— l withdraw the question. O:; the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1596.
19th of December was Mattie Overman living
with you at your home ?
Yes, sir.
On that day did she leave your place ?
Yea, sir.
What time did she leave it?
At night— between 11 and 12.
Did any person visit Mattie Overman at your
house ?
A lady— Mrs. Tunnell.
Did she visit Mattie Overman very often ?
No, sir. She spent one day with her.
Was Mrs. Tuimell i>n-scnt when you were In
troduced to Matlie Overman ?
Objection sustained on the ground of imma
teriality.
Did you ever have any conversation concern
ing Dr. Brown with Mrs. Tunnell ?
.-nine objection. Same ruling.
Did you ever have any conversation with
Manic Overman concerning Mrs. Tunnell ?
Same objection. Same ruli.ig.
Did you have any conversation with Miss
Mattie Overman concerning Dr. Brown ?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did you have any trouble with Mattie Over
miui as a cause for leaving your.house ?
Same objection. Same ruling. Exception
noted.
Did you have any conversation with Dr.
Brown at your house concerning Mattie Over
man ?
I did.
What was . c aid first and when? What was
the lirst conversation that you had with Dr.
Brown in your home concerning Mattie Over
man?
November 22, Wednesday evening, 1895.
Was that the first time you talked about
Mattie Overman?
No, sir.
1 asked you the first time you talked with Dr.
Brown about M.ittie Overman.
The last of December, 1894, or early in
January, 18'J5, and from that time on very
frequently.
\N hat was the substance of the first conver
sation you had with him about Mattie Over
man ?
It was over Licbes' fur store in room 20, after
his retain from a lecture tour in which he ac
companied her to her home in Tacoma, and
the conversation was introduced by my men
tioning the suddenness oi her return to tacoma
witn him.
I What was the subject?
The suddenness of leaving for Tacoma. At
, that seme talk— |
Objection by the prosecution on the ground
i of immateriality.
Gallagher— desire to show by the talks
between the defendant and Dr. Brown the
motive of defendant.
: Guilfoyle — The intention can be shown by
! all surrounding circumstances. If we can snow
the relations between the delendant and I»r.
Broivu, it will show the motive.
Objection sustained.
Did you receive $500 from Dr. Brown on or
about November 22, 1895?
I did, sir.
Did you have any conversation with Dr.
Brown in January, 1895. about the subject
matter for which this .*SOO was given to you?
I did.
What was that conversation?
He said: "I have an unlawful love for Miss
Mattie Overman which is killing me. and I
; come to you that you may ask God to help me
out of it." This conversation occurred in my
room over Liebes' and also In the Young Men's
Christian Association building.
uii<> was present?
No one (in a deep dramatic tone).
What lime of , day was that?
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
Just tell what was said first. Tell the con
versation only.
Lloyd— Objection. Let her tell first the oc
! currences November 22, then the court can
judge whether this conversation relates to the
transactions of the 22dof November. No foun
; dation has been laid for tne question. It is
nl.-o immaterial, v-*' -.<• ■ -
Gallagher— Counsel cannot regulate the way
we intend to introduce our proof. If the other
Bide finds our testimony improper it can have
; it stricken out.
The court— But the public should not know
the details that are not. proper to introduce in
the case. To strike it out would not keep it
from the public. I know such question* are
I sometimes asked to bring certain details before
tne public, but I have no suspicion that coun
; sel is endeavoring to do this sort of thing. 1
■ am not trying Dr. Brown, but r waut to en
courage those who have beeri blackmailed to
j come into court and suppress and stamp out
those persons who endeavor to live by black
; mail. This is what I am endeavoring to do.
! Objection Bostaine
Exception taken and noted.
Did you have any conversation with Dr.
Brown on the 21st of November, 1895?
I did.
Where did you have your conversation with
him on that day?
On Thursday night at a qurirter to 8 in my
\ room at 225 Geary street.
What was that conversation?
i 1 said to Dr. Brown: "1 have heard Miss
Mattte Overman make a confession iv which
; she involves you in a scries of tremendous
I sins. Is It true, sir?" He bowed his head and
I said, "It is true." Then I recited to him all
that she told me. She said that on the 24th
I of November, 1894, their last improper mect
| ing took place in a houte on Sixth street,
corner of Bryant. I said, "That involves a
great deal. Dr. Brown." "Too true," he saidl
"But let me tell you, Dr. Brown, as a minister
! of the fjospel, I want you to tell me the truth.
Have you been a guiliy maji on and off?"
' and he said, "I am obligee! to say that I have,"
and I said, "And you Dreak the communion
bread ana drink the communion-wine and are
, you able to come into connection with'the
I people your church day after day? Don't
j you know you have deserved tne most bitter
condemnation?" . He said, "Oh, Mrs. David-
son, will you pray for me?" I said, "God is j
merciful and— 1 '
Lioyd— No lectures.
\\ itr.ess— The doctor went on and told a very I
long story of his career and said; "As to Miss i
Overman, she is the sinner more than myself, I
because she always had a strong influence on j
me." I said : 'That does not relieve you from ;
the responsibility of this crime. It is murder j
just the rame. Again and again you have !
broken the seventh commandment." We then
spoke of Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Badden and he ;
said: "Do you think Mrs. Badden has told
anybody else?" I said: "She told me she ob- I
tamed the knowledge herself and there was '
one woman besides herself who knew of it." I
Dr. Brown came to me by a previous appoint- i
merit. Mrs. Badden had also been asked to be j
at this meeting and said she would be present ]
if she could come, but she was not present, j
When I told Dr. Brown that she would prob- j
ably be there he said: "Mrs. Davidson, I don't |
want to see Mrs. Badden or any other woman." !
Then he got up to see if any one was listening,
and then said : "I don't want to see Mrs. Bad
den. You have been a mother to me. Mrs. |
Davidson, protect me in this matter if you can |
and I will do my best, as she threatens me." !
I said: "She has threatened you withexposure [
and she may come for money. Shall 1 send j
her to you?" He said: "You do the best to j
protect me and do the best to get me out of it."
That was on Thursday night. On Friday night
about 11 :15 we had a long talk, during which
he constantly recited the story of his crimes.
Objection on the ground of immateriality.
Overruled. I
Witness (continuing)— And he said, "I beg of
you not to bring the woman. The sexton
might see her, Mr. Pike may suspect some
thing. Mrs. Davidson, you have been my
friend all during the past years. Don't desert j
me now, for as true as God is my judge I have i
suffered the very {.angs of hell on account of
the;,*? things." On the next day I started to
Dr. Brown's, and met Mrs. Badden and told
her that Dr. Brown did not—
Objection on the ground of immateriality.
Gallagher— Did you tell Dr. Brown you'had
met Mrs. Badden?
Witness — As soon as I came to the office of
Dr. Brown, in the rear of the church, Dr.
Brown said, after looking around, "Now, Mrs.
Davidson, I think that this is a merciful let I
down. I think that my future is precarious. I
I think that thnr woman has it in her power
to wreck my family, myself and my church.
on say thai she is one of three, and that only
one besides know s of this? Do you think she can
haye f told any one else?" I said: "1 think
not. lie said, "You know the woman, and to
prevent exposure 1 leave this matter fully in
your bands, because she is your woman and
works for you. I have decide"d on this: That
1 will make the woman this offer, and J want
you to lay the metier down to her, that if she
does not accept my proposition that the conse
quences will be tearful, as I stated, in the gen
eral wreck of the church, my family and my
pelf. We will nil go down together." lie
wulked his study in distress. He took the pen
and hauled it to me and said, "Will you take
this paper" (taking up tha block of leiter
paper), "r.nd will you write down my proposi
tion? ' He pushed the block toward me. I
took my pen and said, "1 am ready to put
down precisely what you say." 1 wrote, per
haps, two lines, and then said, "This seems
more like dictation. From the way you are
dictating this you will not put your signature
to it. He said, ' The reason that 1 put it this
way is because I mny die atad my heirs would
lmd this paper with my signature and obloquy
wuiud bt> cast on my name. You are my
mother in Christ, and jam certain you will in
mercy write it as I dictate it ti> you." I
said, " Provided you are truly peni
tent. He then said, "Let us pray," and
we prayed, ana when he finished he was
in tears, weeping violently: so I believed he
was repentant. He then said: "Mrs. David
son, you are a messenger of God and you my
mother in 1.-.rael ate going to save me. Take
up your pen." I did not for a moment doubt
his sincfcnty. I wrote precisely what he dic
tated and signed my name. He said: "Now
this a secret between you, Mrs. Badden and
myself. It is a secret between us, and Mrs.
Badden will work for us. If Mrs. Badden
breaks her word I can have her arrested. She
understands tiiat very well, so you are per
fectly >&te so fur as Mrs. Badden is concerned,
and 1 know I am so with you, and the secret
v, huh 1 have entrusted to you of my love lor
Miss Overmnn is snfe and so 1 am as sale as a
baby in its mother's arms. The money will be
ready to pay to Mrs. Badden on Friday." He
took the tmper, placed it in his pocket after
stamping it and said he was going to put it in a
sale down town. He went home with me and
all the way no said : "lam so relieved." He
said he felt so huppy over the termination of
the affair that he was tempted to call a meet
ing of his church and tell them the whole
story and then leave the city to go far away
and seek oblivion. He added: "This is God's
mercy mid I am so thankful that I cannot ex
press my feelings." When I not home he left
me and that was the end of Friday night.
I saw him again .Saturday noon according
to agreement end he gnve me the .fSOO. When
he placed it in my hands he said: "1 have per
fect confidence in you." It was in his own office
that this took place. The first conversation
was in my house. The money I got in his of
fice -Saturday noon, the day after this receipt
was written.
In answer to a question by Judge Campbell
witness said: "Tneconferer.ee when the money
was paid was on Saturday noon at his office. I
wen i there nt liis request and got the money."
Gallagher— Tell all that occurred on Satur
day.
Witness— On Saturday at 7:15 Mrs. Jane
Elizabeth Eadden called at my house and I
handed the money to her.
Did you have any further conversation
after that?
The doctor called at my house about 8
o'clock Saturday evening. He askpd me if I
wouldtakoa little walK with him and I told
him I would.
Where did you walk?
We walked around the square, down Stock
ton, along Post and Powell and in that neigh
borhood. I don't know how many times we
walked around the square and don't know
how long we walked. Djrinpr the walk he
said: "Mrs. Davidson, I feel that I am now a
converter man. I feel that now I begin a new
life. I am weak physically, but I have a
strength spiritually that I never realized lie
fore. I was afraid that you might not feel like
going to church to-morrow, and this is the
principal object of my coming to see you." I
said: "I will go to church to-morrowbecause
I believe In your penitence. Great as your sins
and crimes have been, yet I jud^e you a peni
tent man. I believe the story of your peni
tence." He said: "I want you to pray for me
this night as you have never prayed "before,"
and I prayed for that man as he requested.
Gallagher— Did you have any conversation on
that Saturday during the walk with Dr. Brown
in referenco to Mrs. Dadden?
No, sir. I don't recall any. Only he said he
! -wrs pleased that this had terminated as it did.
J He also said: "I do nnto t wish to s-ee Mrs. Bad
i den until some time when 1 am able to see her
and talk with her on her soul's salvation."
Did you have any further talk with Dr.
Brown on any occasion subsequently?
Yes, sir.
When was the next?
The next day after Sunday-school he came to
! my class nfter'it was dismissed and I was alone.
He took my hand and said: "Mrs. Davidson, 1
took the liberty of preaching thismorning, and
I have seen several of my people who said to me,
'Dr. Brown, you have preached the most spir
| itual sermon we have ever heard.' Did yon
not notice that I was looking directly at you?"
I said that I had and that 1 was afraid
the people might notice it. He said:
"1 knew you were praying for me, and
words cfti'ne to my lips almost without
effort." After a little while, during which he
expressed himself in a very emphatic way, he
said: ''This evening I shall lecture and trust
that you will appear at the meeting." I said I
would. The subject was "A Pale Horse."
Alter the meeting, Dr. Browu took my hand
I and said: "Mrs. Davidson, this ha* been the
i most precious Sabbath I have ever passed on
earth. I believe I have been forg.ven of God.
My sins I believe are forgiven aud God Las cast
them into my past."
Gallagher— What part did you take In tha',
meeting?
Objection.
Gallagher— l want to show that Dr. Brown
thought all she did after that money was ob
tained was proper and right. (To witness)
WhHt did you do?
After the close of the sermon, Dr. Brown
CRlled me below and said it was a very
precious day, and remarked at the meeting:
"We arc always glad to hear from Mrs. David
son."
Did you have any further talks with Dr.
Brown?
Very many.
Where were they. At the church?
At the church and at my house.
Tell us if there were any after the 22d of
November.
I can't give you the date, but it was after
the Ist of December. We had a long talk and
he said that things were brightening. He
said: "Mrs. Davidson, it doe? not make much
difference to me how things go now, because I
shnll be away from San Francisco. I shall co
probably to Brooklyn. N. Y. I have had
two calls, one to a i'ongrecational church in
Brooklyn, with a salary of $4000, and another
to a Presbyterian church in Philadelphia, with
a salary of .S7OOO, and I think I will lake the
latter, for I need to replenish my finances
locause of the drain I have had on them. I
have paid Miss Overman $35 a month on the
same proposition that the $35 is required for
Mrs. Badden. I have had other drains besides,
and then he "
Lloyd— Objection on the ground of immateri
ality. We do not want to hear any of the al
leged intermittent follies of Dr. Brown.
Objection sustained.
Gallagher— Subsequent to this conversation
at your house.did Dr. Brown call there again?
Yes, sir.
When was that?
He called one noon and gave me $35 for Miss
Overman. The same which he had paid into
my hands before.
Objection on ground of immateriality. Ex
ception noted.
Gallagher— You say that Dr. Brown came to
your house at noon?
Yes, sir; but I can't tell the exact data. It
wns along about the Ist of December.
Whs anything said by Dr. Brown in relation
to Mrs. Badden or the money to be given to
Mrs. Badden?
He snid Hint in view of his going to leave
San Francisco— as he intended to leave, even if
he did not accept either call— he made that
proposition to pay $35 a month to Mrs. Badden
through me. because lie did not wish to corre
spond with Mrs. Badden or any other strauge
woman, and preferred to send me the money
by checks.
"Gallagher— Subsequent to that did he call at
your house?
Yes, sir. He came ft number of times.
Do you remember any further discussions of
this subject made at any of these meetings?
I think I got through all that was said about
Mrs. Badden.
Since tliat time have you had many friendly,
pleasant meetings and talks with the doctor?
They were always so. He took my Hand and
always thnnked me.
Have you at any time had any angry talks
with the doctor?
No, sir.
Do you remember the testimony of Dr.
Brown in regard to the time and place when
this contract or receipt was given and the
money paid?
I do.
I understood you to say that this contract
was drawn up on an occasion different from
that on which the money was paid?
The contract was made nnd signed on Fri
day. He put it in an envelope, sealed it, put a
stump on it and said he would deposit it down
town for future reference.
But you had received no money on that oc
casion. You received it the next day. Did
you give that to Mrs. Badden or reserve any
part of it for yourself?
1 only kept S? 15.
Witness then explained that this $15
which she retained was money ahe had
advanced to Mrs. Badden in order to keep
her quiet until an interview could be ar
ranged with Dr. Brown to keep secret the
entire story that Mrs. Badden threatened
to make public. Continuing, witness said:
Mrs. Badden called at my house and wished
to ?ee me. I had callers at' the time and sup
posed she wished to sec me with reference to
her business and asked her to call the next
night. I have not seen her since the 13th of
September. She went into the country and did
not return for a month or two. I had not
seen her from the 13th of September until that
nißht on the 20th day ot November. On
Wednesday night, when I returned from din
ner, Mrs.:. Badden called at my door. She said:
"You know what I told you in regard to Dr.
Brown, and you know that if that man is ex
posed that K.-rrible results will follow." I then
said to Mrs. Bnriden: "Let us walk out on the
street" ; and she said : "Of course, this is a ter
rible thing" ; and I said: "The best thing to be
done is for you to go with me to Dr. Brown's
office." I thought if she went we would go
together, but thinking it over I thought it
would distress the doctor if she appeared with
me and tried to dissuade her from
going. During our conversation I said:
"Do yon mean what you say?" She said she
did. adding: "I will expose that man or you
will pay me that money." I said: '-Here is
$15. Come to-morrow night and I will en-
deavor to have you meet the doctor at m?
house or in his studio. I don't want this all
over again. It is best for you to meet the
doctor a::d tell him your story." Bhe said she
didn't know whether or not she could come. I
sent word to Dr. Brown, hoping to have
him meet Mrs. Badden at my house. The
doctor came, but I did not "tell him the
woman's story at once. When I did tell him
that he was traced lo that house be acknowl
edged everything and then I told him of the
woman's threat.
Did you menace the doctor in any way ?
Never, never, never.
Did you threaten the doctor In any way In
order to induce him to give up his $500?
Never.
Were you a party in a conspiracy with Mrs.
Badden or any one else to get $500 from Dr.
Brown?
No, sir.
Will youpiease tell what motive you had In
going to Dr. Brown and getting $500 from
him.
It was purely and simply to relieve the poor
man and shield the church. Jeremiah, chap
ter 18, verses 19 and 20, was my guide in the
matter.
You heard the doctor's story here that you
acted as Mrs. Badden's agent. Did you?
I acted as Dr. Brown's agent.
Did you, as a matter of fact, know whether
Dr. .Brown did leave nny money at your house,
$35 a month, for Miss Overman?
Objection on the ground of immateriality
sustained.
When did you say you first met Mrs. Badden?
The first day I met her to know her was on
September 10.
Do you keep a book in which you enter the
business you have with customers?
Yes, sir; I make a record of it In my book
(book handed her, and she picks out a certain
item).
This development was considerable of a sur
prise, apparently, to the prosecution. Attorney
Lloyd studied the entry indicated to him by
Attorney Gallagher long and hard. It referred
to the sale ot a corset mode to Mrs. Badden on
the 10th of September, 1895, and to some prelim
inary transactions with her looking to her act
ing as au agent for Mrs. Davidson iv the eele of
corsets and waists.
Gallagher— Was that written in by you and
made on the 10th of September, 1595?
Witness— Yes, sir.
At your place of business on Geary street?
Gallagher (to courn— \\> desire to introduce
that in evidence. (To witness)— You say you
met Mrs. Badden first on the 10th and then on
the 13th?
Yes, sir.
Did I understand that on the d.iy Mrs. Bad
den first tn!d you of the knowledge she had
regarding Dr. Brown she bought a corset?
No, sir; she told me about' Dr. Brown on the
13th of September, 1395.
You say that on the 13th of September she
called, and that was the first intimation you
had from her that she knew, anything ab*out
Dr. Brown and Miss Overman, but nothing was
said about a demand for money? Tnat was
when she said bhe was going away to the
country?
Yes sir.
Then you did not see her again till the 20th
of November?
I saw her next on the 20th of November.
Was that the tirst time that she formulated
her demand for money?
She did not at tnat t'iine.
She called again on the 21st?
On the 10th was the first time I saw her
since the 13th of September.
What did she say on the 13th?
She said she had something private to say to
me.
Gallagher (to the prosecution)— Take the
witness.
On the suggestion of Mr. Lloyd of the
| prosecution the cross-examination of the
i witness was postponed until 1 p. m. to
; morrow.
MRS. TUNNELL LOCATED.
The Friend of Mattle Overman In
Hiding: on a Ranch in Kings
County.
Mrs. Tunnell, the missing witness in the
Brown-Davidson blackmailing case, and
the woman who, above all others, except
ing the principals in the affair, knows all
about any clandestine relations that may
have existed between the Rev. Dr. Brown
and Miss Mattie Overman, is said to be in
hiding on a ranch at Grangeville, Kings
County, Cal.
Mrs. Tunnell disappeared from the resi
dence of Dr. Brownat 1703 Geary on the
night of Sunday, December 29. She did
not return to her lodgings at Mrs. Dray's
house, at 1041 Mission street, but went to
Oakland, where she remained for several
days at Mrs. Eaton's at 916 Ninth street.
Mrs. Tunnell, during her stay in Oak
land, wrote to her friend Mrs. Horton, at
216 Eddy street in this City. This was the
last heard of her by any of her San Fran
cisco friends.
In her letter she said she was going to
visit Mrs. Hayes at Grangeville, Kings
County, and that is where she is supposed
to be at present. Mrs. Hayes is a daughter
of Mrs. Horton. Mrs. Tunnell's friends in
this City are, however, still worrying about
her, and for their sake, it is hoped, that she
will soon write to them and thus relieve
their anxiety. They take this means of
saying to her that they can still be found
at the old address.
MRS. THURSTON TALKS.
Denies That She Had a Certain In-
terview With an Examiner
Reporter.
Mrs. Thurston of Oakland i 3 as anxious
to find Mrs. Tunnell as any ambitious de
tective or reporter.
"1 thought at rirst that Mrs. Tunnell
was probably tinding a refuge in the vi
cinity of Dr. Brown's house." she said last
night. "But now I have changed my
mind, although 1 do not think it would be
difficult to find her if those most interested
in the case wanted to produce her. Mrs.
Tunnell is a remarkable woman in many
ways. She is easily influenced, and there
have been times w en 1 have thought that
s e was not particularly strong minded
"I do not think she could be persuaded
to tell her story to everybody, but I am
conhdent that it I should meet her I could
make her tell all she knows. I followed
several clews after the first exposure but
when I became convinced that her ab
sence from the front was the result of a
well-considered scheme to keep out of
sight 1 gave it up, for, although I do not
consider myself dull, I am aware of the
Jact that a woman can hide herself from
me when she has a lot of assistance to
enable her to keep out of sight.
'I noticed this morning that some let
ters were printed, written by Mattie Ove
rman. They bear out in every particular
the story published in Saturday's Call
"There was nothing new about them,
except that they bore Miittin's .signature,
but I think I would rather believe the
word of some of the people to whom sue
told her story than even a letter over ncr
signature. , ..
'•I have learned something about tno
manner in which some papers pet their
news. The morning the interview wnn
me appeared in The Call, telling Matue
Overman's story in detail from beginning
to end, the Examiner published two col
umns of stuff purporting to come from me,
and I never told an Examiner reporter a
single word. I saw him and positively de
clined to be interviewed. Next morning
I saw two columns of matter published as
an interview from me, not one wonl ot
which did I otter. Part of the garbled
story was from The Call of the previous
day 'and the rest was imagination so lar
asun interview with me was concerned
"A story was published to-day in which
it was stated I was employing a female
detective to hunt up Mrs. Tunnell. bucli
a statement is absolutely false, as is trie
one that this house has been watched by a
detective for the past week. W hat 1 Uia
say was that the house had been haunted
by reporters, who seemed determined to
make me tell what I did not Know or what
I had given my word not to tell.
"I talked with a man in tne witness
room to-day, who told us that he came
down from Tacoma on the same steamer
with Mrs. Baddin, a widow, and two
children, and, although 1 am a little in
doubt about tne identity of Mrs. Baddin. I
am contident that he was telling tne truth.
He taid he had come forward to tell his
story voluntarily because he thought it
wrong to keep anything quiet. I have for
gotten his name, "but he is a witness in the
cast."
Evangelist Harter, who is conducting
services in a tent on a vacant iot adjoining
the Central Eank, Oakland, lived in Spo
kane.
"I was not personally acquainted with
Miss Overman," said" Mr. Harter last
night, "but I saw her often and heard a
cood deal about her. She kept a dress
making shop in the Temple court, which is
one one of the most respectable parts ■ l
town. I heard that i>he was keeping com
pany with what are generally called a
sporty I never saw anything wrong
with "her, and heard nothing definite vi
her behavior, but there was always a lot or
talk. At that time she was not in any
way connected with the church or in the
church work. I think she conducted the
business with her sister. Since I left Bpo
kane I have heard nothing of her till re
cently."
MISS OVERMAN DUMB.
She Declines to Speak of the Dam-
aginc Letters Addressed by
Her to Mrs. Tunnell.
The following letters from Miss Overman
to Mrs. Tunnell contain numerous refer
ences to the relations existing between
the writer and the Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown:
Tacoma, June, '95, 4 r. X.
My Dear Friend— Your letter arrived this
A. M.. bringing love and hope and spiritual ad
monition, for which I am appreciative, and
trust the worda are not wasted nor yon r pray
tri vain. 1 believe lam in God's hands, but
at present lam in darkness a:. 1 , tossed as a
straw in the wind. 1 Bin, as you imagine,
thinking much and meeting with opp
on every side about going away. I have only
mentioned it to mother, and she calmly re
marked that she thought it would be nice for
me to study kindergarten. I coulu arrange
about studies atter I got there. Now, about
goiiifi: to some other city to pursue my studies.
1 do not agree to tnat, ahd think it would be
best for me to live rigM ther . Do tint fear.
The moth will not finite! at«>,,t the fl
this case. lam prepared to prove my strength
and tee! confident to curry out any plans that
may ue developed.
lam inclined to the kinderrarten Idea. I
should like work among the children and be
lieve it is best to stick to thai plan. Have
not heard from Miss Btoval yet. i suppose
1 :;hall in a short time. I can start at any time
when the way sctins open. Have no fear for
my living. As long as B. lives I shall. I think
he owes me that, and do not feel 1 am doing
wrong in insisting on justice from him. Un
derstand me, dear friend, I consider this my
opportunity for a higher education an J calmly
consider what can be done it I have the will to
do it. I am not angry, but insu.ted and
shamed, and rise above such a spirit, proving
my womanhood in all I do aud say, and 1
hope! Silence and obedience to my wishes
are his only safeguard. I do not fear him at nil.
Now, a change of subject might be pleasinir.
I rejoice exceedingly that your dear son is
again well and more that you are to remain In
California, and 1 hope that they may join you
without much delay. However bad the errors
of your friends may be, may they be brought
some day to realize their terrible coi
ana reform. Last night in a Bible talk with
mother she said that, aftera long and prayer
ful consideration of the subject of future pun
ishment, she had concluded that annihilation
was the reward of each of the wicked. I was
glad she really was so far, and trust that the
future may brine her peccc and rest in God.
Professor Joy takes a vacation soon and Kit
tie would be obliged to rest awhile. I wKh >o
much that 1 could make a success of life tinan.
dally to enable me to place her in a school. I
will work so hard if I get a chance to win suc
cess. Addie's trial will probably be postponed
until fall on account ot" the adjournment of
court this summer. Last night 1 bought me a
black skirt toweni with waist find some new
gloves— a whole week's hard work.
Frank is well and the same boy. Rose's
health is improving. She will probably
remain here indefinitely. I am not go
ing to church to-day. Father's ey»- are
inflamed from the operation, and I am
applying hot cloths. J would love to be run
ning about with you to meetings, lectures, etc
How about the preacher, Davis? Haa ho
proved a shooting star? You did not state in
your last whether you had been to see B.
a?ain or not. Mrs. I), writes in that she lias
moved to 2'J5 Geary and boards next door.
Give my love to those who care for it, ami lota
for you. Mattik.
That little change was forpostaec. How- ia
grandma? Was she not glad to have you re
turn. I have missed you so much. I'looked
up Jor a long time when the door opened to
*peak to you. With lov ■.
212 St. Hxlkkb Avenue,)
Tacoxa, Jnne 13, L 895 \
My Dearent Friend: I would try to tell yon.
HEALTH LAWS.
LIVER TROUBLES
When the Liver is disordered keep the
body warm and wear heavy flannels.
***
* •
When the liver pains you avoid malt '<
liquors and rich pastry foods.
•*•
When your liver is out of order take
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla— it reaches
the liver in an hour.
♦
* *
Exercise moderately— walk, ride .or
dance.
White or yellow coated tongue is about
the first symptom of disordered liver
check it with Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
*
* *
Never sit and brood and fret when your
liver is disordered. Go into company.
•*•
* *
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla will clear
your liver as clean as a whistle. Try it.
• r-i * .
* *
Loss of appetite shows a liver disorder.
. .**
Regain your appetite with the moderate
use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
**•
Too much beer means too much bile, too
much bile means torpid liver, sick head-
aches, pains in sides. Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, then, means active liver, no
sick headaches, no pains in side 3 and regu-
larly working bowels. You can then drink
beer, water or wine— as you like.
***
Clear up your complexion and regain the
wonted brilliancy of your eyes by the use
of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
**♦
A substitute is as bad as a bad liver-
don't have cither-take J o y s Vegetable
Sarsapanlla.how glad I am to receive your welcome letter
oi this a. m. 1 would not go toSiinpson'3 meet
ing this morning, for I thought sure I would
near from you. lam disappointed, of course,
that you could not see B. But 1 believe he
avoids you on purpose, and I will explain why
I think so. The day you left here at sp. M. I
received a letter from Lou tellinsr me of her
interview with B. She said that he seemed al
together changed toward me (I copy her
words), and that he told ber he had a'noble,
pood, dear wife and every one who knew her
knew that to be true. Asked her if I was keep
ing company with any one. She replied: "I
>m surprised that you ask me such a ques
tion." Then she said: "He tried to make me
believe he felt sorry." Then she went on to
say that to be frank with me, she Had good
reasons to believe be regretted everything,
Said she believed there was a great weakness
some pluce.
. Weil, if you can, imagine the blow I received
in the knowledge that my worst fears were
realized. And ><> I have waited report from
you, an.: know by his actions that he wished to
avoid an interview concerning me. Now, you
DO doubt think that I ought with patience to
resign myself to this, siul perhaps be thankful
if he no lon-.. suffers on my account. On the
contiary, my heart is filled with rebellion thai
i should be so played with, theu scorned. And
the end is not yet.
There is a tragedy ahead. My heart is hard,
ened, and he shall pay dearly for the past.
Don tbe alarnud. To put him to the test f im
mediately wrote him for a small sum and he
refused to send it to me. Had I received it 1
should be in Ban Francisco by this time, but I
can arrange otherwise, and will do so. You
have i oken to me about my spiritual change,
which you observed. I will tell you truthfully
that the offense came through him.
Wnen I went to their house I was enjoying
the sweet presence of the Holy Spirit, and as
my memory tties back to the gradual yielding
of myself to his magnetism, I know that 1 lost
thereby that communion which had so filled
my soul. May God forgive him. He has re
pented of the love in Ins heart forme; has
been forgiven In his home, and fancies he is
now pleasiug God and living right before
him: while I, his victim, can take the blow
and keep silent. He only knows one-half of
me. As for that, 1 hardly know myself. I
know that you will grieve at this letter and
pray that I may be softened; but I pray that I
may be used as an instrument to right a
wrong. Oh, think of such men standing be
fore the people, pointing out the right path,
pleading for virtue, equity, righteousness,
posing as models, teaching morals. It makes
me hick, and 1 loathe it with all my heart.
He shall help me constantly in the future
toward an education. That will be the price
oi silence, and J care for no consequences for
myself— he has ruined my life; thelast man
has made a toy of me. I expect you will think
me crazy, but I am not; and as [ have no one
to talk to I must open my heart to you. I have
suffered keenly and found no relief. Now I
will tell you what I have considered. I want
very much to study kindergari and I wish
you would go to Mrs. Cooper or Miss Stovul, ou
Ninth or Tenth street, I think; 1 have forgot
ten. I put in my application for this year's
study. Ascertain the day 1 must be there.
I will live at Dr. U.s, and ii objections are
made he can paj my expenses elsewhere, or it
you are d-.ssusted with me let it all pass and
forget me, l shall be sorry to lose the only
true fr:e:iil I ever had. I know you will not
approve of my course; it will be that or worse.
! shall write agaii for enough money for my
trip, never hinting what it is tor. I perhaps
will arrive there ?oiue«"here :ii>out the Ist of
July. So we meet again there; perhaps you
can'convince me of the error ot my way. But
iau you imagine what I feel?
lam glad of your interview Ith Mrs. B.
Have received two rsfrom her since you
left. We are all well. The description of your
trip is lovely. I w ill soon prove its beauties.
Mother is at church with Idie and Kose, so
they have not yet seen your letter. Lou sent
her love in her last letter. fhey are i<> leave
Nicket very soon for Ogtien or Salt Lake. Tfte
boys are -.veil and as suaL Papa has not been
so well lately; has a old, The mountains
have looked 'lovely ever since you left, but 1
aji i: discord with everything and my mind
is only on one thing. Give my '.love to Jennie
find grandma. No doubt they are glad to have
you back. I have missed you badly and hope
to see you again soon. Do not hint to any one
that lam coming back • • re. Let us keen the
secret until time to act. Yon will not fail me,
1 know. lam in ro mood for failure. With
love an<! lots of it. I arj. as ever, yours.
Mattik.
:.f.n Avenue, >
\, June -2\. r.i'.Ci. \
-Vu Dear Friend: Your most welcome letter
just at hand, and I think you are so good to
answei promptly, for, of course, you under
stand the mental condition I was" in until I
heard from you. • • • 1 am preparing my
clothes; for l" do not know how short the no
tice I mi^Ut have to star! on. 1 nm glad you
tee a« I do that B. owes me something; that
what l have given him <\".n never be repaid.
But 1 am shocked that heat times does not
Eft-in risrht. Perhaps that report has been cir
rulated by his enemies in the church —
French, for instance. Did Mrs. Davidson sue
gest such a thoueht in your conversation with
B. is never at bis study Monday and does not
always aiteud the club; that is his day off.
Now, I have determined before hearing "frpin
you that, although I live near him or with
him, i shall never asrain allow any demonstra
tionof any kind. I was wrong to ever allow
it, and, oi cours?, 1 c hall not change, for 1 can
not, towara him. Ii I cannot enter kindergar
ten I shall study stenography, which might do
as well. How glad 1 shall be to tee you and all
the other faces I used to love. I do not think
Frank can loan me anything. lie has spent
two months' salary lately on the house and
clothes ior himself. I have written to B. for
$20 have not yet received an answer. 1 think
he will send it; if not, I will try to raise if oth
erwise.
I know that God rules and I fear that lately
I have been in a very rebellious mood, not
a.eain>t him. but against people who are his
'•voice." And my heart has hardened toward
mankind, but perhaps I em wrong. There
must always be a war waged in the mud when
the depths are stirred. F. wrote me that she
was greatly annoyed at B. when last she saw
him. That he looked well fine), and he nad
xjo trouble and was getting on nicely. I was
tla-i about Mrs. E. I am sure they must be
happy to have you back. Itemeaiber me to
them.
There are many things I will talk about
vhen I see you, which I hope may be soon. If
you see B. and he a>ks you what I" want money
for, tell hi m o very in i tig. and 9d vise him to send
it. The mountain is beautiful this A. M. I
have a new bedroom set in my room; looks
nice. Kitten sleeps with me, and we ere great
chums. No-.v she is doing better generally.
Said to send her love to you, which all the
others do also. Mother cioes not object to my
going away to the City. She has Addie. \ou
must forgive me for adding sorrow .to your
heart, and believe that yet my only happiness
is in the communion I have with my Lord.
With love, as ever yours, Mattii; O.
-.I- — ;.
212 St. Heless avenue, )
Tacoma, Wash., June 20, 1895. j
3fii Dearest Frund: Your welcome letter re
ceived in due time, and I we.s delighted to hear
from you *o soon again. Nothing has devel
oped since you heard from me last, only that
Mrs. 1). said that soon she would want to go
traveling, if the Lord pave her a companion,
bs t>he never went alone. Bae never mentions
B. more; only referred to him as being
blind to the truth, puffed up, etc. I can bor
row -- • at any ti:ne of a lady frtend, who
kuows nothing, but ihinks much of me. J
, think I will start ri^ht away after the 4th of
July, unless something extraordinary devel
ops. I hope before thli you have received good
news from your son. I was glad indeed to hear
freni or aDout Mr. <tnd Mrs. Allen and a., the
people trhom we know.
Mrs. D. still writes glowing accounts of H.
Variey's meeting, sometimes quoting at some
leiigth whet lie has said on the subject oi the
second coming. The kingdom was received,
and all said concerning Herron vs. Brown
shows the drift of thought; bo contrary to the
Bible teaching* on the subject, and yet so woii
derfully fulfilling prophecy of the last days, I
am reading "Kiying Roll No. 2." •;".** You
paid: "If I had the daring" 1o go ahead and
do what I propose, or something like that.
Now, I am alraid that I have too much daring
to always act wisely. But this I know, that I
iviil not again remain away from San Francisco
oa his account, and when I get there he will
know it. And, Jf God permits, I will be there
ere long.
! dread the fuss of going away from home,
but I e.:n so weary of sewing and selfishly long
to go away. Let. me hear from you often and
do not afraid to write anything, and may
our father keep you until you meet me again.
Yours, with lots of love. tLkTTIE.
I cannot write this a. m. I have not yet
heard from Miss Stoval, and I thank you for
speaking so kindly of me. Yes, I "cannot pet
enough vouchers lor character. Doctor will do
whatever I with. I wish he would see you; I
tliink him dreadful and love him so much.
The following passages occur in a letter
dated July 9, 185)5:
I have not yet heard from B. and do not
expect to. There must be an influence at work
which I cannot yet solve or understand. The
wayiscoi yet onen. I can only wait. * * *
It seems that my friends I loved are all drift-
Ing away .rom me. M t heart's best love is
trampled and slighted, iind I 8m unworthy so x
much as a recognition.
I could easily go into utter collapse and hate
every man on earth. If it were not an ordi
nary threat I should make it. Tbere i* no
danger of my gaining platform honors. They
are dear at any price, and not of any true
value. There must be truth somewhere on
tt»rth, but surely not io the hearts of men.
No doubt this thing will end in my simply
oonig nothing. lam bound here aud chained.
I uei that I can never make another effort to
inmmy ags. I have not decided to live
With Mrs. 1). Bhe has claimed to lovemcand
ritten kindly letters. Uer object I know not.
. ii V .k andi! wiil P avt .way as of old, and not
in th'j gold in California can. buy me one mo
meat 1 happiness. '
I would like a remittance of the frame of
mind B. found me in better than anything
e*se. In fact, lam very miserable this p.m.,
snd I burden you, as usual. Forgive me. Per
haps some time I can write differently. * * *
I trust some day you may meet B. and Irani
that he at las; has rison higher than I; that he
is happy. lA't me know this. There, 1 have
written and cried enough
, r _ ' Tacoma, July 24.
My Dear Friend: Yon don't know what relief
your letter gave me. I have thought every day
tnat I would apologize for my horrid letter. I
hope I may never get in such a mood akfftin,
and I Know you echo my hope. I had given
up hopesyof going away and the struggle was
hard, Dirt hope once more revived and I shail
not tell you that I will start at any time, but
when I purchase my ticket, etc.', I will drop
you a note when and what steamer I go on. * *
Mrs. Davidson has written, inviting me to
assist her in her fall exhibit at the pavilion,
and offering me employment as lougr as I care
to stay with her. She may be playing a game,
but I can hardly think so. At any rate she
shall not know that I am there until 1 see you
and we can talk things over. I have no friend
like yon.
Tacoma, Aug. 1, 1895.
My Dear Friend : I am jii?t now in receipt of
a letter from Lula, which suggests the thought
.of writing to you concerning the future, i Now >
the only reason on earth I am not with you is
lack of funds, as you know. Yesterday I re
ceived a letter from Miss Siovai informing me
that the -position of assistant teacher was still
open for me in the school supported by the
First Congregational Church. Strange that
should have so placed me. She further said
that she spoke to Dr. B. and he highly recom
mended my moral character. Very kind of
him, don't you think? Lula said in her letter
of to-day that when she was there he (B.) was
infatuated with a captain's wife; that she
thought him a cad and had no respect what
ever for him. .
Now I nidge by the papers that things are
warm, for a certain party, aud soon there may
be no fat salary to maintain a figurehead in a
certain society. A few days will determine
the issue, and far as loving some one is con
cerned I would no longer be guilty of such
folly. Can you understand the suffering neces
sary to compel such a speech? I would be
ashamed to weep after I knew it, and gird up
my Joins determined to rise above common
passions and common people who maintain
them. One cannot afford to drift, and we must
K-arn our lessons well before they are learned
at all.
I have thought B. strong and determined to
live true to himself and God first of all. How
I pity him in his weakness, perhaps hereditary
through generations of lustful forefathers,
lone restrained, but by a common law iv the
nature of things betrayed in physical weak
ness. And now I see that lam perhaps one of
ruai>y having a similar experience with him.
And one so constituted will at some period of
lifts betray the weakness which is the test of
strength for them. -■-_?-• *~,-
There is no life in the religious skeleton
called the church. Whoever expects strength
of example from the church militant will rind
their idols clay. It is simply a worldly corpo
ration to teach morals and practice bestiality
as a rulo. The world would be better were
they all laid low. their sins laid bare. Then
money might clothe the needy and feed the
poor, whicn now builds high steeples wherein
to disgrace God and humanity.
Father has just paid me a visit. lam con
fined to my room to-day, not feeling well, and
have much pleasure in thinking I am not ex
pected to do anything but read, write and
sleep. Dollie is at the hospital, I believe I
have told you, and mother went to visit her
there this p. m. I am glad to tell you that
Katie has changed very much in the last two
weeks. She is never cross and is pleasant and
sweet as can be all the time. I cut and
fitted her a pretty cotton dress, and she
made it all, even" to the collar, belt and
putting in and making of sleeves, without so
much as asking me a question. I think her
one of the brightest children in the world.
She got SO per cent average in her examinations
et the close of school. The anticipated vaca
tion difficulties have vanished, you see. Mr. ,
Collins, whom yon have met here, graduated
in the classic course with high honors. He has
the principalship ot the Shelton School in this .
Stßte. Addie and Kose are at American Lake ]
this week with some friends.
--; Now I will return to .my trouble. I don't I
think I can come right away— that is, in a few
days— to California. I shall await proceedings
there. Just a little while will determine
things. Do not avoid any one on my account
any more, and do not be afraid to speak your
mind in regard to inconstancy, dishonor, etc.
Why need we spare? But I am surprised fit 8.,
kuowing how much he is in my power, that he
would dare to defy me. He certainly must be
out of his mind a little.
Ido not want for money. If you need it go
to him, in my name, and ask for it. Mrs. D.
expects me down to assist her ia the exhibit
this fall— from the 15th of August to the 15th
of September. I cannot go unless I get my
fare. It should come from 8., but beingabsent ;
I eanrot force matters. At any rate I can
wait; a kindly Providence rules. Right will
in the end reign, and the way will beset be
fore me. ■ «- . - ... .Mattie. . ...
Miss Mattie Overman v.'hen seen yester
day afternoon at the residence of Rev. 0.
0. Brown appeared very much careworn
and looked like one who had given up all
hope for trie future.
When asked what she desired to say con
cerning; letters which it is claimed were
written by her to Mrs. Tunnell and which
were published yesterday morning her
reply, calm and deliberate, was: "I have
nothing to say about that."
"But do you not see, Miss Overman,"
was suggested, "that these letters place
you before the public in a most unenviable
light?"
"Yes," she replied in the tone of one
forlorn, "but I will not say anything
about the matter. I have not said any
thing:, anyi have nothing whatever to say."
•'Then you will neither admit nor
deny?"
'•I have nothing whatever to say to the
public on this subject."
"But your silence may be construed into
an admission of the truth of these letters?"
"I repeat," said Miss Overman, "that 1
have nothing to say. T thank The Call
for its courtesy in offering me an oppor
tunity to make a statement, but 1 have
nothing to say, so you will excuse me from
talking furtiier," and with that she re
tired.
■
«. .
BROWN WILL NOT RESIGN.
Mode of Procedure In Case Charges
Are Preferred Against the
Pastor.
D. Gilbert Dexter and Captain W. F.
Cook, deacons of the First Congregational
Church, declined to say anything yester
day about the letters said to have been
written by Miss Mattie 0 verm at), in which
she tells the story of her relations with
Rev. Dr. Brown.
"So far as I know," said Mr. Dexter,
•'the Rev. Mr. Brown has not signified his
intention of resigning, and if he had J
think I would know something of it. It is
my belief, from what I know of Mr. Brown,
that he will not resign. So far nothing
has been done in the line of asking Mr.
Brown for his resignation, nor have any
charges been preferred against him.
. "A statement has been published to the
effect that if there should be any inquiry
into this matter or demand for resignation
it would become the duty of the trustees of
the church to attend to that matter. That
i- a niistaKe. The trustees do not have
control of that matter. It belongs to the
standing committee, of which the board of
deacons forms a part.
"The trustees nave only charge of finan
cial matters," said Deacon Cook. "If they
saw tit they might reduce the salary of Mr.
Brown to $1 a year, and he would still be
pastor of the church if he saw fit to accept
that as salary."
"Any member of the congregation," con
tinued Mr. Dexter, "could prefer charges
against the pastor, and these- would be
referred to the standing committee or the
board of deacons, and, if it was determined
that there was any merit In them, the
matter would then be left to the congrega
tion fortriul and determination. The con
gregation could, howerer, have the whole
matter investigated by a special committee.
"The trustees could not dismiss the
pastor, but the standing committee could;
yet, in order to make the action binding,
the trustees would have to concur."
MRS. COOPER IS SAD.
Says That Dr. Brown Should Con
fess and Repent for His
Sin.
Mr.-. Barah B. Cooper, the well-known
philanthropist and Bible teacher, patroness
of the young, and pillar of the First Con
gregational Church, declares that the Rev.
Dr. Brown should confess his sin before
God and resign his pastorate. Mrs. Cooper
said:
Oh, why does be not confess his sin before
God and roan and in repentance begin life
anew? That is the only way ; no other course
is acccDtable in the tight of God.
Dr. Brown has no alternative but to resign.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896,
Why does he not do so and prevent further
probing- into this awful sore? I have
not called upon him, as I felt I should
do, liecuuse I could not offer him words of
encouragement which I have not in mv heart.
Why <ioc-s he not confers his sin before God
and ma <J, and In repentance in some obscuro
place begin life anew?
1 do not know what the church will do in
this matter, for 1 heve not talked with mem
bers concerning it. We will leave it with the
deacons, trusting iv their wisdom and judg
ment to do that which is best for all con
cerned.
This terrible a flair will give the church a set
back from which it will not recover in ten
years. It will be taken up"l>y the enemies of
religion as a cudgel, and while it will not in
jure the cause to a material extent it will nev
ertheless do no good. The First Congregational
church will rise again, and In the years that
are to come will wipe out the stain these
awful events have placed upon it. That eh arch
has lieen my home for years, but last Sunday
it appeared to me asa mausoleum. Words
cannot express the sorrow I have experienced
in tho past few days, filled as they were with
such frightful disclosures.
DR. BROWN IS SILENT.
The Pastor Says Thr.t He Is Acting
Under the Advice of His
Attorney.
The llev. Dr. Brown is silent. He will
not discuss theOverman-Tunnell letters or
any other phase of the great church scan
dal.
Press representatives were denied ad
mittance to the pastor's residence yester
day. Every effort was made to give Dr.
Brown an opportunity to defend himself,
but he refused to make a statement for
publication.
Dr. Brown was called up by telephone
at his residence last night.
"Doctor," said the reporter, "The Call
is willing to publish a statement from you
in this "
"I have nothing to say," interrupted Dr.
Brown.
"Don't you think that you owe it to
your people, that 13 your flock, to make a
public statement of your position?"
"My lawyers will not allow me to speak,"
was the answer.
"It certainly would not injure your po
sition as plaintiff in the case against Mrs.
Davidson to discuss late developments.
Besides, your people were still standing by
you. and" "
"Yes, and they will stand by me, you
can depend on that," replied Dr. Brown
in a hopeful voice.
WILL STAND BY DR. BROWN.
Dr. McLean Will Not Forsake the
Pastor Until He Is Proven
Guilty.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.— Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., is dean of tlie Congrega
tional ministers of the Pacific Coast, and
for twenty-five years has been pastor of
the First Congregational Church of Oak
land. Some six months ago he resigned
to accept the presidency of the Pa
cific Theological Seminary. His views
regarding what steps may or can be
taken by the church of which Dr. Brown
is pastor will be received with all the
weight that his standing gives it.
"I EmV said he last night, "that I
should stand by Dr. Brown until he is
proven guilty. In our relationship as
Christian men and members of the same
denomination we naturally suppose that
all are what they represent themselves
and are real Christians, equally interested
in seeing the cause advanced. The church,
1 think, should look at it in the same
light. In all my experience as a minister
I have never been where a minister of our
denomination has been tried by the church,
and do not know just what the procedure
would be irom experience.
"However I think that nothing should
be done until the trial now in progress is
completed. If there is evidence brought
out which the members of the. church feel
is inconsistent with the standing of Dr.
Brown as their pastor, any one member
can tile charges and a trial will have to be
held. A court can compel witnesses to
attend and testify. A church inquiry can
not; so it is usually held after the court
trial, and the records of that trial can be
introduced as evidence. In such a case
Dr. Brown would be given due notice of
the trial and a copy of the charge. He
would then be requested to make an an
swer. After a full hearing a verdict would
be rendered for or against him. li it was
against him he would be disfellowshipped.
"In readintr over what has been pub
lished regarding the trouble, I have seen
nothing that is at all criminal charged
against Dr. Brown. At the most it looks
as if he had been guilty of paying marked
attention to women of his congregation.
It is a bad affair at worst, and coming as
it does after the trouble ot that church I
with Rev. Dr. Barrows, is to be greatly
lamented. It is a great blow to Chris
tianity h«re on the coast. Every one who
has a scheme to work comes here, and,
under the cloak of being a Christian
worker, gets a good footing.
"Where the scheme is worked the church
gets all the blame. I do not believe the
church should do anything now until the
present trial ends. As far as I know they
are not arranging for anything at present.
•'As far as the CoiiKreKational Club is con
cerned they received his statement a week
ago Monday and indorsed his act to cap
ture the one who was attempting to blacK
mail him. All this other was not known
to us at that time. We shall do nothing
more at present, but await the action of the
courts."
ARLINGTON YACET CLUB.
Officers for the Ensuing Season Elected
:tt a Meeting Held I.:«st
Thursday.
The Arlington Yacht Club of this City
held its regular annual meeting on the 2d
inst. for the purpose of electing officers for
the ensuing season.
Following is the result of tlie election :
Commodore, J. Leslie Gabriel; vice-commo
dore, K. H. Roberts; Beet captain, Albert fi.
Kolm; captain, George F. Powell; secretary,
Edward L. Dorr; treasurer, Gus P. Aurich.
The yacht Ethel L is at present being
elegantly reiitted for the season of '96, and
the members of the club are confident that
ere the last race of the coming series has
been sailed the little Ethel will have added
many more to her already long list of vic
torieß.
McKttrick'g Kequfur.
Among the Massachusetts delegation in
the Fifty-second Congress was Representa
tive McEttrick, an honest man, an able
man, but a man with a large, bulbous, ru
bicund nose, a flaring, conspicuous nose, a
real danger signal of a proboscis. Speaker
Crisp, in making up the committees, as
signed MoEttrick to the Committee on Al
coholic Liquor Traffic. There was no design
in it. It just happened so. It was a good
place, whether a man had ji red, showy
nose or a pale, unostentatious one. McEt
trick, at the first favorable opportunity,
hunted up the Speaker.
".Mr. Speaker," said he, "I want to re
quest you to take me off the Committee on
Alcoholic Liquor Traffic."
"Why, Mr. McEttrick?" asked the
Speaker, concentrating his gaze earnestly
upon the nose in front of him.
"Look at my nose, :> said McEttrick, in a
burst of candor; "just look at my nose.'
"Well, I see it," said the Speaker.
•'\V»iat's the matter with that nose?"
"What's the matter with that nose?"
asked McEttrick, "what's the matter with
that nose? Did you ever see a nose like
it? If I served on the Committee on Alco
holic Liquor Traffic every street arab in
Boston would guy the life out of me; it
would ruin me with my constituents, and
the reputation of that committee wouldn't
be worth 3 cents on the dollar. No, Mr.
Speaker, a man with a nose like mine has
no business to be sticking it into the Com
mittee on Alcoholic Liquor Traffic—
Washington Post.
There are 48.000 artists in Paris, more
than half of them painters. The number
of paintines sent in to the exhibitions last
year was about 40,000.
PILING IN CHINA BASIN.
San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Road at Work
There.
Large Contracts for More Building
Material Are Let to Californian
Contractors.
The Fan Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway began building operations
yesterday morning in China Basin. In
stantly there was a stir among Southern
Pacific officials, and as soon as word was
received at the head offices an engineer
was dispatched to the scene with instruc
tions to be careful in his surveys, lest the
competing railway might have encroached
on Southern Pacific territory, which lies
scattered all over the swamp land near
Channel street. He found the Valley,
road workmen driving piles at Fourth and
Kentucky 6treets in the water of China
Basin.
Chief Engineer Storey of tlie Valley
road stated that when the lease of China
Basin was signed a clause stipulating that
work should be started on the basin within
six months was inserted.
"The six months will have expired to
morrow," he continued, "and so we began
work there ahead of time. We are driv
ing piles to support a railroad track out
over the water of the basin."
"How far out?"
"As far as is needed for dumping rock
and earth into the basin for tilling. We
have applied for a franchise along Illinois
street, which comes under conditions sim
ilar to those of the Fresno franchise now
before the Supreme Court for decision.
When that case is decided 1 suppose there
will be no difficulty in the way of a fran
chise on Illinois street. Until then, how
ever, we can't do much in the way of fill
ing China Basin, but once we have the
franchise we can begin to lay tracks and
haul rock from quarries flb build a depot
site."
The directors of the Valley road met yes
terday and awarded some large contracts.
To J.Meyer of San Jose was awarded a
contract for 150,000 redwood ties, and to
O. A. Hooper & Co. of this City 150,000,
both to be delivered as required before No
vember next. These ties are needed for a
short Ptrin of line north of Fresno and the
road to Bakerslield. A contract for fenc
ing the railway from Stockton to the Stan
islaus River with a live-loot fence of lum
ber and barbed wire was given H. L. App
and John A. Hayward of Stockton.
For iron bridgework at Dry Creek to be
used in a 100-foot crossing was contracted
for with the Stockton Agricultural Works,
tne Pacific Rolling Mills and the Pavne
Bolt Works.
The ship Mac Donald arrived a few days
since from New York with 800 tons of
mils for the road and another ship is in
port discharging a cargo of rails on Valley
road barges.
The great bridge acros3 the Stainslaus
River has delayed progress in laying track,
but Mr. Storey stated yesterday that the
piers were finished and ieauy for the
hoisting and placing of the bridge, which
was ready in Stockton. In another
month, he said, the bridpe will have been
completed and then tracklaying will be
poshed south with energy over the graded
roadbed, which is now well on toward the
Tuolumne iliver.
WITHOUT HEING A SHOT.
ludiang Slolted Away J.efore Jforty Men
Whom They EneW to lie Scalp-Takers. I
In the pioneer days to reach Montana
from Cheyenne, in Wyoming, required a
roundabout journey ttiat involved a double
crossing of the Rocky Mountains, with a
ahange of base at Salt Laka City. The
United States Government brought about
a better condition of travel by construct
ing a trail through the Goiiatin Valley
along the course of the Gunpowder River,
reaching ai and the base of the mountains
in a curvilinear form, which avoided the
heights of the Rockies. To protect this
route from marauding Indians three forts
were built— Reno. Phil Kearny and C. F.
Smith. These were garrisoned by United
States troops.
In 186G the murderous Sioux from the
Yellowstone Valley pursued a sanguinary
course up through the Gallatin Valley and
into Montana. It was marked by rapine
a:i<i plunder. They besieged Fort Reno
and killed many of its garrison, including
a brother of A. K. McClure. They en
vironed Fort Phil Kearny, and wiped from
the face of the earth every human being
whose walla it failed to protect. Then
they surrounded Fort C. F. Smith, where
200 Union Boldiers found themselves
surrounded by more than 1000 death
seeking Indians. Escape seemed impos
sible. A courier got word of this condition
oi affairs to General Hancock, who was
then stationed at St. Paul, and he sent a
messenger to the Governor of Montana at
Bozemun. calling upon nun to relieve the
besieged garrison. The chief executive of
the Territory of Montana at that time was
Green Clay Smith, who, by the way, re
cently died in Washington, a Baptist cler
gyman. He had been a member of Con
gress from Kentucky, but President
Lincoln made him Territorial Governor of
Montana. He was seated on the porch of
his residence in bozeman when Hancock's
message was handed to him. To a visitor
from the East, who was seated by his side,
and who is authority for this narrative, he
said :
"What in the name of heaven can I do?
Fort C. P. Smith is 250 miles away. The
country between here and there is filled
with bioux Indians. Our militia force
consists of exactly 4*27 men. Not a man of
them could reach Fort C. F. Smith alive.
1 am absolutely powerless. However, I
will send for Colonel Howie. 1 '
At that time Colonel Neil Howie was
United States Marshal for the Territory
of Montana. He was a typical frontiers
man. He commanded the Montana vol
unteers, and it has been said of him that
"General Sherman might have been at
Bo ze in an City with 5000 troops and the
people of Gallatin could not have escaped
the scalping knife of the savage; but Colo
nel Howie, with less than 400 men, pro
tected 100 miles of exposed frontier but a
little distance from the hostile tribes."
It was to this man that Governor Smith
addressed himself, handing him General
Hancock's dispatch, and saying: "Colonel,
we can't do anything for those poor devils
in Fort C. F. Smith. We Jhaven't enough
men, and those we have couldn't get there.
Am I not right?"
"^o," said Colonel Howie;, quietly, with
out any exhibition of excitement and with
the gentle voice of a woman. "There is no
trouble about that, Governor. We can
arrange that matter and still leave the
Montana frontier protected. I will need
some picked men and a good leader for
them. I think Captain McCabe is best
fitted for this undertaking. 1 will go out
and find him."
McCabe was another gentle-voiced man
with blue eyes. He didn't make
much noise. He acted. He said
to the Governor: "Oh, yea; it is
easy enough. But I'll need forty of
the best men I can select. You can keep
the rest of your volunteer force here."
Governor Smith looked at him in amaze
ment. So did the visitor from the fort.
They both thought lie was either insane
or a bruggard. Governor Smith said to
him: ''How do you expect to raise the
siege of Fort C. F. Smith with forty men
when you know that it is sur
rounded with more than 1000 blood
thirsty Indians and that the country
between here and there is covered with
thousands more of murderous Sioux?"
Said McCabe quietly: "Why, Governor,
it is easy enough. The Indians know un,
and know that we know them better than
they know themselves. You folks from
the I£ast have an idea that what you call
Indian atrocities are simply unmeaning
exhibitions of brutality; that scalping, for
instance, is simply a form of torture. In
that you are mistaken. The Indian be
lieves that no man can go to the happy
hunting ground — heaven as we call it —
who has been deprived of his hair. Their
motive in scalping a victim is to carry out
fiendish hatred to its utmost by prevent
ing him from having a happy hereafter.
Therefore, to deprive an Indian of bis
scalp is to rob him of his hope of a happy
hereafter. My men never kill an Indian
without scalping him, and the Indians
know that. The forty men I will select for
this expedition are unerring in their aim
with the rifle. They can shoot sixteen
shots in sixteen seconds, and every ball
means a dead Indian, and every dead In
dian means a scalp, and every scalp means
a warrior deprived eternally of acnance of
ever reaching the nappy hunting ground.
My forty men will walk from here to Fort
0. F. Smith without tiring a shot."
"Incredible," said Governor Smith.
''True." said Captain MoCabe.
What was the result?
Forty men walked the 250 miles from
Bozeman to Fort C. F. Smith. Indians
watched them on every side. By djy
their progress was signaled by cfrcling
columns of smoke and by night by rire
from mountain tops. But not a shot was
fired. When they got within sight of
Fort C. F. Smith the 1000 whooping Sioux
who held the garrison in siege fled, and
the forty frontiersmen from Bozeman
marched in and escorted the 200 Union
soldiers back to the Territorial capital
without the loss of a life. Not a shot had
been iired. Not a scalp had been lifted. —
Philadelphia Times.
ELECTRICAL ACCIDENTS.
Instructions Given for the Kescuscita-
tion of Victims.
Means and ways to secure resuscitation
from heavy electric shock have at last
been discovered as a result of investiga
tion by the Academy of Medicine- in this
city. The Academy selected a committee
of electrical experts, and it began its labors
under the presidency of Dr. d'Arsonval,
well known as an authority in all matters
connected with electricity. In his report
Dr. d'Arsonval says that even the victims
of very heavy shocks, as long as the tissues
are not destroyed, may be rescuscitated by
means of artificial respiration. He learned
this fact by numerous experiments, and
the report of a typical accident in which
his method was successfully tried con
firmed all he ever entertained for it.
The doctor continued: My formula for
reviving the victims of electric shock is
•Mb; A person so disabled should be
treated like one drowned.
These are the directive rules, which
not only workmen in electrical industries
but every citizen and every friend of
humanity shou.d know by heart :
Above all, break the contact with the con
ductors. If the current can be instantly cut
off, so much the better; if not, lose no time by
telephoning or sending messengers, but apply
yourself directly to the body that must be re
moved.
In doing so touch not the victim on face or
hands or any naked part of his body. You may
try to lift him up by the coattails, or alter
throwing a blanket or coat around him. Mind,
they must be dry. Also remember that dry
wood is a non-conductor. You may use a stick
to uraw the body over tv one side or to hold
back a live wire. To lift the victim on" a cross
bar pass a piece of lumber under his heels and
raise him op. The same should be done if the
body is in contact with the ground. His feet
should be raised from the earth immediately.
Any piece of wood or furniture or elotn will do.
The body should be carried into the open or
a room where air has free access. All not
directly engaged in the work of rescue should
be instantly dismissed from the place. The
body must be placed upon the back after the
shin and collar has been loosened. Raise tne
shoulders and let the head fall back.
Then begin the work of restoring- respira
tion; tnat is, seize both arms and draw tuem
energetically over the head, bringing them
nearly together and holding them in that posi
tion for a couple of seconds. These move
ments having expanded the chest and pressed
air into the lungs, carry the arms down to the
sides and front of the chest, doubling them up
at the elbows, in order to expel the air from
the lungs. Continue in this for at least au
huur, uiiless respiration sets in before.
A seoond Samantau should at the same time
seize the tongue of the victim — it is well to pro
tect one's finger with a piece of cloth or a glove
for this process— ftctl draw it out while the
arms are extended over the head, allowing it
to recede When the arms are pressed against
the bides of the breast. Both these maneuvers
should be carried on with as little interruption
as possible. Twenty times per minute is not
too much.
If the victim shows a tendency to clinch his
teeth keep them apart by placing a piece' of
wood or anything handy between them.
It is also advised to rub the body with
brushes, brooms and cloth, iv order to promote
the circulation of the blood.
Do not administer stimulants unless a medi
cal person pronounces it safe to do so. When
possible, procure a tank of oxygen gas from the
nearest drugstore, and after improvising a
cone place the tube over the mouth and nosa
while the gas is ishuing. It i» a powerful stiin
uiaut to the heart's action under certain con
dition, and will aid respiration.— Paris letter to
St. Louis Globe- Democrat.
Built by Napoleon.
Among the many things that Napoleno
did for Germany was the construction of a
highway between Hamburg, Bremen and
Heer. Until the beginning of the centuiy
good roads were unknown in that vicinity,
and it was reserved for the French engi
neers to show the Hanoverians and their
neighbors how to improve their highways
by means of the bowlders found on the
plain in which the cities are situated. The
road mentioned is generally straight, and
exists to-day practically as built. It has a
middle-paved way 14^ feet wide, which is
used for heavy teaming. On one side of
this is a broken-stone road 1114 feet wide,
and on the otiier side is a dirt road of equal
width for farm trucking during the sum
mer. Outside the broken-stone road is
a footpath 4 feet wide, and outside the dirt
road is a benching b% feet wide. In repair
ing these and similar roads it became more
and more difficult to secure bowlders, so
slag from blast furnaces was. substituted,
and there are now about 340 miles of slag
roads in the province of Hanover.
NEW TO-DAY. .
EXTRA QUALITY
With each pound is given a
LOVELY DISH
Newest Shapes
X Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
GOLIMA PURE SPICES,
COLIMA BAKIHG POWDER.
Great American Importim Tea Co.
Sew Store Bet. 7th and Bth
140 Sixth St.
665 Market st.
333 Haynast.
1419 Folk st.
521 Montg'y a»T«.
8008 Fillmore st.
fifv Ar/ie i 3006 Sixteenth st.
Vlljf OIOrCS. . 1 SSIO Missiou st.
218 Third st.
104 Second St.
617 Kaarny st.
' 146 Ninth st. ■■-
3259 Slission st.
S 1053 W'at>liiii ton
AoHotxl J 917 Broadway.
VilkldHll. ] 131 Pablo
616 K. Twelfth st
Af^mfda (Park Bt^ and
illdllltUd \ Alamedaave.
' Headquarters— s3 3larket St., S. J?.
' tOT We Operate 100 Stores and Agencies.
• Write for Price LUt.:
NEW TO-DAT-CRT GOODS.
Beginning at precisely 9 o'clock and continuing until 12
o'clock noon (if the bargains last that long) we will hold a (JREAT
SALE in the back end of our establishment. We have selected
three items from the Cloak stock and three items from the Suit
stock, which, at the prices we have placed upon them, will stamp
Wednesday, January 8, 1896, indelibly upon the memory of the
lucky purchasers.
' ' ■ ' ;
Lot No. l==Ladies' Jackets.
An assorted lot of about 100 Jackets, including various styles, in
f\f\(% ' such colors as Tans, Browns, Biues and a few Blacks, made of splen-
v/HC - did cloths, but not of this season's shapes. Among them will be
Plf-tiio** - found most all sizes, and garments that were sold heretofore at from
LJxJlltXl $7 50 to $15 each. We nave received imperative orders to close them
Pnpt. out and not take them up in this year's inventory, hence the frightful
I—clCll. cut in price.
Come as near 9 o'clock as possible.
Lot No. 2==Misses' Capes.
n n p About a hundred capes for girls between the ages of 5 and 16 years.
wllC The lot includes Astrachans, Plush and All-wool cloths. They are
Pjpjl fa s* broken lines, some sizes in one and some in another, but all sizes will
\J\J\\<\\ be found in the lot. Ten dollars worth of warmth and comfort to a
F;ir*ri child in wearing any one of them to school these cold mornings.
I_-,<UC>II. These are the greatest bargains in the list.
The sale ends promptly at noon.
Lot No. Ladies' Gossamers.
g^ZZ All our Ladies' and Misses' Rain Coats that sold for $2, $2 50 and un-
V*^ ward and several higher prices, including our favorite plaid patterns
fiPtTfc and silken finish plain goods. The ends of some of our "best selling
vCillo numbers are grouped together at one price for this sale. Remember,
P ar U the rain isn't more than half over and you will get lots of wear out of
JL.dvli» them yet.
Come early and make sure of getting your size.
£ Lot No. 4==Ladies' Suits.
r^nllnt* About fifty of them all told — not the newest — but some splendid
M_>U!icll things among them, in fact at the price they're more than splendid.
EJ I -f#-\r '." " ■ All dark colors, suitable for street and honse wear; sonic trimmed
■ Illj' with silk, others with braid, and still others plain; not one of them
P'Jir'H were made to sell for less than $5 and $750 and from that up. They're
■--dWII. . cheaper than common cotton wrappers to wear around the house. .^r.
This sale is during the morning only.
Lot No. s==Ladies' Waists.
_ -. Al! our odds and ends in Laundered Shirt Waists that sold for 75c
S(J and $1, and the balance of our stock of Fancy Wash Waists with cape
.-»^(-.-f c collars and jabots, that were so stylish a "season or two ago; some lace
vCuIS trimmed, others silk striped, and all worth in season from $150 to
CnAt, $2 50 apiece.
JLtddl. Don't come after 12 o'clock for these items.
Lot No. 6==Ladies' Wrappers.
f\ n f± All our broken lines of Ladies' Wrappers that sold up to double and
v/lie treble the price. Flannelettes, Percales, Satines, Serges and other
riifklicn* materials in light and dark colorings. The materials alone would
L/Olldr cost you at regular sale considerably more than we ask for the whole
Each. garment -
. -
RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
LOW RATES BY RAIL
PORTXiAKTI), OR.
THURSDAY...... ...JANUARY 9,
And Every Fiffh Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
•_fe:v- ■ of Market St., at 8:00 p.m.
A"| r* d— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
V?/.bU Sleeper.
....ALSO.... .
First-class tickets, including berth in (JJ»I £.00
Pullman Ktandard .Sleeper, . «JP ■!»-> — .
SPECUL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
£3T Through Ticket* for .Puget Sound
Points on Sale at Keciuceii Hates.
jfor further Information apply at
613 -MARKET STREET* (Grand Hot*
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
BICHARD GRAY, T. H. UOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic -M_r. Geu. .Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO9XPAKT.
(paciho limn.)
Tr»fM* Ie»T« nntl iui> <Ine lo aril at
SAN Mt VNC-IS.CO.
tEAvr. — Fr.OM NOVEMBEB 20, 1895. — aeriti
6:30 a Haywaids, Niles and Way >Siationj. . 10: 1 3a
7:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Ogilen and i:«Rt.. S-.l^ir
7:0OA Ecnicia. VacaTUle, Eumscy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via iJavk.... 7: 1 5r
7:30 a Martinez, San Kamoa, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Roect ;. 6:lSp
8:30 a Kilcs, Sau Jose, Stocktou, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville. Re"l Uluif
aud Simdays ezceptcd 0nm11e.... : 1 5p
•S:3oa Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:00 a Han Leandro. Haywards \\?.y Sfns 11:43 a
0:OOa Los Augelc3 Express, Raymond,
(for Yosemite), Santa Barbara
and I.os Augelc.l 4:-iSp
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton I<«:'lsa
10M»«a San LeaDdro, KajWirds and Niles .. i : J3p
12:00u San Leandro, Hayvrnrda Way St'cs U-AZt
l:O«)p Niles, San Jose and LiTcrmore h:4!>A
*I:OOp .Sacramento Uiver Bteunen "!»:OOp
fl:SOp PortTCosta and Way Stations t~:i:tp
3:00p San Leandro, Hayv,ards& Way St'ns 3:45p
4:00p Sau Leandro, Haywarda & WayKt'ns 6:45p
4:00p Martinez, San Itanion, Valiejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Bl Verano and
Santa IlO6a *:13a
4:9*r Benieia, Esparto, Woodlaml,
;'.~- N Knights Landing, MarysTille,
OrovlUe ami Sacruiiieuto 19:43*
4t3Sp'^ites, San Joso, Lirermore and
Stockton 7:lSp
5:0«p SanLemdro, Haywardß&Wnyft'ns B:4Sf
3:30r Kow Orleans Exiiifss.l'rcsno.Bakers-
lii:ld. Santa r.:irbara,l.o3 Angeles,
Bemtug, El Paso, Kew Orleaus and
East I«J:45a
3:39r Sauta Fa Route. Atlantio Kipress
for Mojavo aud V.jab 10:43 a
C:OOi> European Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 0:45 a
<i:OOp UayvranlH, Nilrsuinl Kan JoiiC 7:45 a
J7:o»p Valiejo 17:45p
7:OOp Oregoii Kxpress, Sacramento, I\Jarys-
ville, KeiUliiif, Portland, Piiget
Soiuidaiiil Kast Ifl: Isa
7:OOp San Leandro, Hayrrard3t Way St'us 1 0:50p
9:OOpSanLeandro.HajrTardsiWayStns 1tl2:«8A
"Sunset Uiulted," Fresno, Los "-•
Angelos. El Paso, New Orleans
and East §l^i4sr
tflltlB; Leandro. Haywards Way 7:15 a
SASTA CUI T Z DIYI^ION (Narrow Gange).
»tI»A NenarW,Ceiitcrville,.San. Felton,
Bo'i ( Santa Cruz and Way
Statious Si39i
•S:lsp Newark. Contervllle, San Joso, New
Almailen, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz anil Principal Way '
Btations... "11:204
4:15p Newark, San .Jtso and Los (.'a105.... U:SOa
fll:4Sp Hunters' Krcurslon. Ban Jose and
Wayßtations :... t7:2op
COAST lVrviSlOX"Ti''liinl & TowiiKeuil St».)
0:45 a Kan Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only), 1:I3f
S:lSa San Jose. Tres I'iuua, Santa Oitz,
Pacltio (Irove, Paso Robler, .San .
Lui3 Obispo. Guadalupe ami T'l-in-
cipal Way Stations 7:O»p
Ioi4oa Sau Jose nml Way Stations .' 5:0 op
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30 l
«2:3Oi'San Joso, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa \ ;■ . '
. Onus, Salinas.Montercy aud PaciQo
, GroTO *1O:4Oa
■3:IIOp aud Principal AVay Stations 9:47 a
•4:3oi>San Jose ami Way Stations .*H:OOa
S:3'.H' Sail Jose ami Way Stations *B:4Sa
fi::iOp San JoEeauil WaySlations .;■. C::lsa
ll;4i'»i- Ban Jose nml W«y Stittionß... '. f?:4.T>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fr«»SIN FRINCISCO— Fost or Kuket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1» l»:00 11:00 a.m. ■ U:flO *2;30 ±3;CC
•4:00 - JD:OO *6:oSp.m. • •
From OiKllSD— Foot of Broadway.— *<>-00 800
I0:O0*.m. J12:00 *l:00 *5:00 *3:CO ■ {1:00
*5:GSp.m.
AforMomiDg. - T for Afternoon. '
• Suudays excepted. t Saturdays only.
... _ l Sundays only.
Tf Monday. Thnrsuay aud Saturday nights only.
VTue adiiy a and Satuiday* S Sundays and Thur»
I T3 ATT T? f\ AT* TRAVEL,.
SMMaSCO&MRTHPA.
PC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Feot of Markat S*.
San Franclaco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20. 11:00 a.m.; 12:S3L
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Ektra trl»
andll 3( 30' M Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. v.
! SONDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:0 a. v.: 1:30 3:3
6:00, C:2op. m. . . ««%
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WKEK DAYS-6-.25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. U.i
rf[^ S r iO u.^^f,T ltdAya ~ Extnt^
1 SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. h.: 1-40 3 -4 a
6:00, 6:25 p. if. ' *
I Between Ban Francisco and Schnetzen Paris sarnt
schedule as above. '"
i"~ Leave TnTttt^t Arrive "
6an Francisco. oc t 2 g. 6an Francisso.
I Wkek j Sun- Ve £j£: ioH Pnv i Week"
! Day». I DAY> - uauo "- DAY 3. I Days .
j 7:40 am f8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:60
S:3opu9:3oau Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
t:10 pm[s:oo pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pu
Fulton.
7:40 aic Windsor, 10:30 AM
Heaidsburg,
UeyservtUo,
3:30 pm 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pk
j PTe^ • "
7:40 am I • Hop'.an.J A
1 3:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 0:15 m
! 7:40 am I ~~ ! 10:30 am
8:00 am Guernevliie. 7:30 pm
; 3:80 PM . . . 6:15 pir
7:40 am , 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:5OaM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 PMJ 6:15 pm
i. I .-. Glen Ellen. | j
I 7:40 AM 1 8:00 AMI ena . tonol 110:40 AMj 10:30 am
3:3opm|s:oopml aet)aato P Ql - ) 6:05 pm| «aS_PM
Stages connect at San Kafaol for Tio'.ina*.
' Btageg connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
: Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle» Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Victiy Springs, Bta*
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendocinn City. Fort Brairg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, WUletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley. Joaa
Day's, Llvely's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, tScotl*
■rid EureKa.'
(Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redact*
r»t(*s.
On Sundays r»i:nd-;rip ticket* t* all polata ba»
yond San Rafael at lialf rates.
Ticket Otilc»8, 650 Market St., Chronicle huildlnj,
i OL WHIT , r. X. rtas,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Fass. Agent.
8 Atlantic
Paciific
Trains leave, from and arrlra
C^^^BLJpVjTVl at Market-Street Ferry.
j SANTa FE EXPRESS
j To Chfcago via A. & P. Direct Lin«
p!?a V c e 8 every day at 3:30 p. m., carrvln» Pnllmaa
1 vlaKansai'cfit 3 Md k ro " mt Sleepers to Chicag*
;Dp n^Sst. y L^uls? utchanife - Aaaex cari x "
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
j i Bolld Vestibule Train Daily, with Dlning-cari,"
onder Haryey's management. Connectinff [rains
leave San Francisco at 0 a. m. and 3:30 r. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
: rsi.---. rails, new ties; no dnat: lnteres:ing scenery;
■ and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or tlliun'g-
i curs*
, Ticket Office-644 Market Street,
• ■ . ■ Chronicle Building*
Hn PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD"
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
: From San Francisco, beginning October 27. 1893.
• . ' WEEKDAYS.
For .Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9*15, 11: M
a. M.; 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, 6:30 r. M.
6&n Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 A. M.: 1:46, S:IS r. K.
Extra trips lor San Kafael on Mondays, V.'edne*
i aaya aud Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
I . . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, Kan Kafael aud San Quen'tn—
10:00, 11:30 a.m.: 1:30,3:00,4:30, *0:ll
r. m. »X>oeB not run to San Quentin.
THKOUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations,
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— Tom ales and way stailcni.
•-.00 a. m. Bunday*- Point Reyes ana way itaUtaa
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI MMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Ixical Gold circulatiou largely increased.
Silver steady.
Wheat advanced again.
Barley and its products higher.
O.its linn.
( Sorn continues to rise.
Hay firm. Beans dull.
■eed lower,
liran linn.
l'otntoes and Onions unchanged.
I'onltry ru:!ier linn. Game quieU
Butter and Uhet se tirm. Kggs steady.
Fresh Fruits dull.
Limes higher. Lemons weaker.
Provisions nnchanged.
.itid Leather as )>efore.
WEATHEB BCSKAU REPORT.
CNITKD States DEFASTKin of AaßlCtrt-
icbe, Wkathkb Hi KKAi-, Sax Francisco, Jan
uary 7, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following ure the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last year:
>.ureka 15.54, last season 21.47; Bed Blnfl 6.66,
last season 15.22; San Francisco 4.10. last season
14.84; Fresno 1.11, last seaaon 7.08; San Luis
Obispo 4.00. last teasou 15.31; Los Angeles 1.71,
last ison 6.51 ; (Sun Diego 1.57, last season 3.20;
"i uma .32, last season '-'.'-'l.
r lhe following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to day: l-.ureka
66. K«-d Bluff b'J. Sun Francisco 65. l'nsno 61, In
<iependeuie (i. >»v Luis Obispo 72. Los Angeles
80. San Diego 76, \ uma 72.
San Francisi-o Maximum temperature 55,
minimum 46, mean 60.
An area ol -high pressure continues central over
the middle plateau region. It has contracted in
an b son Uat, t>ni has slightly increased in inten
sity An area of low barometer prevails to-night
over the Northern Pacific coast and general ruins
are reported DOitb oi and including Portland.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails as far
soin nas -uu Francisco. A. ■ ond low area Is oen
tral tO-ltlgbt over <ort hern Montana and the pres
sure is falling rapidly over the Dakota*. There is
a slight rise in pressure over Washington. The
temperature lias risen in southern Callforo a. Else
where on the Pacific slope ii is stationary. Con
tinued cloudy and threatening weather is likely to
occur in California Wednesday,
Forecast made at San Krandaoo for thirty
hours eniliug midnight January B, 1896:
Northern California — Continued cloudy and
threatening weather; stationary temperature;
MjiKlieasterly winds.
southern California— [ncreasing cloudiness; sta
tionary temperainri lij:ht easterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy i:i the i.ortheru portion; sta
tionary temperature.
tl.'iau— Kair; sta.ioni-.ry temperature.
Arizona— F«ir; stationary temperature.
>aa Francisco and vx.nity— Cloudy and threat
ening weather, probably with showers; stationary
t« perature; southeasterly wluds.
A. .McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
NEW VdKK MAKKKIs.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Jan. 7.— Speculation at the |
stock exchange was nervous and irregular to-<lay. ]
Business was on a smaller scale, however, the trans
actions amounting to 262.150 shares. There was
an approach to demoia'.ization at the opening,
owing to the lower cables from London. The break
In the active list at this time ranged from y% to
2- : + per cent. Pacific Mall, Big Four, Consolidated
Gas, tne Grangers and the international issues
leading. Kom^ of the specialties which are rarely
dealt in scored even heavier losses on light deal- I
ings.
1 he fie.line in the general market was checked !
in the tirst hour, htrong houses having turned up
us Dnyers of the tndard issues for investment.
London subsequently bought liberally of St. Paul I
iind other international Issnes. The foreign duv- I
ing of S:. Paul was 011 a lar^'e scale, some estimat- \
in^ it at m'.ly 10.IMH) shares. Ibe result was h rise j
of anywhere from i-o to S\/ 2 percent. Tobacco
led the forwanl movement, and sold as high as 80.
The Irangers. Louisville and Nashville, .Sugar, ■
Chicago <ias. Leather preferred. Manhattan and
Western Union all shared in the improvement.
In the afternoon some highly sensational rumors i
retarding the European political situation were !
Circulated. One was that the German Embassador I
hail been tired on in I o-nlon. The rumor origi- |
nated here, was leleurapht d to Boston as a report
current in the hoard, and was later sent from 803
--ion to Niw York as an actual fact. Of course
ther^ was nothing In it. Thf- gold withdrawals had
H little more effect in the last. hour. The with
drawals and engagements of the metal for export
were reported at $3,475,000.
Against this there was deposited $17,000,000 in
pold in exchange for greenbacks by various city !
hanks and bullion dealers. The sensational ru- \
mors and the gold movement resulted in a reaction 1
of V!@l percent In ihe general list and 2' •> prr
cent in Tobacco. Speculation closed barely steady
In tone. Net cbaujres show losses of ii, B(g,'ji8 (g,'ji a per
cent in some of the active slocks and gains of
3 . K^Vi in others. s - . Paul, which was the most
active sicck, figured for 45,500 shares; Sugar, :
which came next, sold for 44,000.
Bond were weak: sales fooud np $1,360,000.
J>enver and Rio Grande fours tell 1 to 83: Fort
"Worth and Denver City sixes, 2 y 2 to •*!>: Kansas
and xas twos. 3> . to 531-2; do fours, 2to 80: do
of Texas firsts, 21/4 to 7 >:i 4: Oregon Navigation
sixes, 2 4 to 105: wregon Short Line sixes, 1 1 /, to
]():<: do certificates. 3 to 100: Rio Grande West
ern fours, 114 to 80; Reading general fours, un
stamped, 3 3 i to 81 : Wabash debenture B. 3to '20,
and Wisconsin t:entral rives certificates, 2V 2 to
37^- Grain.
Grain.
Fl.OCß— Steady, quiet. City patents. ?4 @4 25;
others unchanged. Southern Hour — Unchanged.
Rye Bour Quiet, easy, $2 55©2 95. Buckwheat
flour, fl . 0.
COKNMKAL— DuII; steady. Yellow Western,
?2 25<<12 30: Brandywine, $2 25.
Nominal.
r..\ -Nominal.
WHEAT— Spot market active: firmer. No. 2
red, store and elevator, 70i.4c; afloat, 7214 c;
f. o. b., 70»4(a7Hic: ungraded re,l, 65®73c; No.
1 northern, t>9c.
Options were more active and stronger atH/8®
13 upon firmer cables,' better West and local
coverings. May whs most ive. No. 2, red,
67% c; February, 68» 8 c; March, 693/sc: July,
67» B i-.
1 UEN -Rpotdnll, firmer. No. 2, 35V2C, eleva
tor: SbVoC afloat. Options were quiet and linn at
Sr(S,-V«c advance on firmer cables, better West and
following wheat. M v was most active. .Tanuarv,
Ssi«c; leliruarv and May. 3514 c: .lulv, 36*/gC.
OATS-Quiet: firmer. No. 2, 23%®24c: No. 2
white, 25c: No. 2 Chicago, 24^4<«20c; No. 8,
22V4C; No. 3 white, 24c; mixed Western, 24@
25c; white do. 24(ffi27y 2 c: white State, 24(0,27 c.
uptiona lirmer. January, 2334 c; February, 24c;
May, -24 I .>c: No '2 bite. January, 25c '
PEEP BUAN-55@60c
MIDDLINGS-57V 2 (a65c,
Provisions.
BKKK— --.-ady, 915 50; tierced beef, quiet;
City extra India mess, $16 50@17; cut meats,
steady; pickled Bllii -. 4 ; 4 c: pickled shoulders,
4' tc: piclcled h»ms. ►@ ii c; middles, nominal.
LARD— Quiet: lower. Western steam, $5 65;
City. ?5 2.')f3,5 30; January, $5 68: refined', dull.
Continent, $t> 10: compound. $48'J>0(55.
I'OHK- Steady: mess. 39 60@10.
BUTTER— Fancy, firmer: sib.k dair>'. 12@21c;
do creamery, 18®<isc: \Vest< m dairy. ll@18c; do
rreamery, 18@25c; do June, lera'ilVic; do fac
tory, 10@17c; Klßin.s. 15c; imitation creamery,
14(itl9c: rolls. 9(| lac
OhKKSE linn: Sta'elaree, 71A®10c; do
fancy, fl <a.loc; do small, T'U" 1 !" 1 -. c: Western
mi;iU. 9i,4(9i10i,i; part skims, 3i/i@7c; full skims,
2rg 30.
>;(;fif<— Choice linn. State and Pennsylvania, 2o
(tt'.'tic: southern, iM(gi'.!4c: icehouse, 17@'2lc: rtoper
case. ?4f^4 50: Western fresh, •J-.f025c; limed,
17i-.^lßc.
TALLOW— firmer. City. ST3 76@3 87y c;
country, $X f^'ifev&l.
CoTTdNSKEIJT OIL— Quiet; unchanged.
HoslN— stead v. BtninwL common to (rood.
»162i 2 fa.lfis.
TlHl'k.NTlNE— Firm; 80>4i)80^c.
roTATOEs— Weak. Bweeu, $4 Si».
MOLASSES— lnactive. New Orleans, open ket
tle, unchanged; choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Weak; '-'0 points down; Fetirnarv
and March, $12 Ks@l:l 10: May. 912 40@12 BO;
September. |1] 75®il 85; Spot Kin, dull: easier;
No. 7. 14ra.141.4r.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, firm: fair reiiniiij:, 3^«c;
centrifugal, iu> test, .3«ic. Keflnetl. quiet, y to
V4C lower: off A. 4>^@.4(V«c; mold A, 6y 8 c: stand
ard A, 4T / H t ": con lect loners' A, 494 c; cut loaf,
5J4e; cru\liod. .'.'•_..; powdered, OVac; granulated,
4';< g sc; iibea, fiigc
I'rnit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS-Apricots-Bags, 10y
@)2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 15c; unpeeled, 5»/i®BM.c.
PRL NES- Four sizes. sy B^,si, 4 c '*«'?»
RAISINS London layen»,^sc@«] 25; do loose
Muscatel. <rown, .i(oi:<i 4 c; do 4 crown, 4te4i.c
ALMONDS — Paper- shell, ll©12c; ao , soft-
WALNU'lS— Standaid, 6V2@7c; 00 soft-shell,
BVa'alOc.
luil'S- Dull, Baduukfed.
Mrrchundise.
vu; iK(iN-i) »Jt unchanged.
< OPPER- Easier. Lake. SlO.
liKAD- Dull. Domestic, J3 0553 07V«
TlN— Steady, siraus, $13 50.
fcPELTKll— Nominal. I'omt-suc. $3 65.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, Jan. 7.— Second cables from
Liverpool to-day wen up i/fed for wheat from the
openinc, placing prices where they were at the
close yesterday, first ones having been y a d lower.
The recovery was due to tne unsettled political
Bituauon abroad, an uneasy feeling being Infused
Jnto American ri.arkeis hy that statement. Bl t lb
consols wore 9-Hi lower, tlir.s niliiinc to the nerv
ou« condition. Advices from New York to tue ef
fect mat tot Kitera were buying there. In coujunc
tlon with the fact that clearances at that place
were 652,000 bushels, I nclud wheat and flour,
rendered Hie lone of the market v' this pnint n
nifttKHiiiv strong. Beoelpta at Chicago were IBn
ctrs ivml Northwest had 414 aKainst4oß last
' Tuesday and 282 a year aco. L,o< al withdrawals
from store \ ere '.t'J.OOO bushels. Prices presented
great firm ne-s throughout, it being quite evident
tliit the sentiment was favorable to further tm
j rovement. ISrada'reei's reported a funnrr de
crease In the world's visible supply of 1,488.000
bushels, which was about as expected, Total clear-
MMea at the .Atlantic seaboard were 693,619 bush
els. Closing Continental cables were generally
higher. Tlwre was ■ rush to buy Just before the
close, market beinsj stimulated by the reports
ot N loads huvinK been sold at New York for ex
port. May wiieat opened from £B%c to 59V B e,
•old between sti%c and t>O%c, closlug at GO<".ge—
iy a @l6/ 8 c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-mOTOw 66 cars.
C'OKX — Acted the same as wheat, the uncer
tainty of affairs in Kijrope and Africa not tending
to offer mncn inducement to short sellers, but
rather leading to the covering up of oustanding
contracts. Receipts continue to enlarge, tiOB cars
coining in to-day, while bnt 42,589 bushels were
taken from store. Liverpool cables were quiet and
Steady. port clearances were 308,340 bushels.
Bradstreet's reDorted an increase m sock of 356,
--000 bushels. May corn opened at 28y±c, sold be
tween 28 1.4 c and 28"s c - closing at ihe outside— l,2
@SJ)C higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 265 cars.
OATS— Were improved through the better feel-
Ing of wheat and com. I Receipts 278 cars. There
were no oats taken from store. Bradstreet re
ported an increase in stock of 44,000 bushels.
May oats closed y 2 c higher than yesterday. Jisti
mated receipts for to-morrow S)5 cars-
FLAX— Was steady, Cash, 9iy2@92c: January,
90( ; May. 95y 2 c. Receipts were 42 cars.
BARLEY— 'I demand and offerings in barley
was light. Trade was very quiet. Receipts were
81 cars, but a large number ol ihem were delivered
on previous sales. Prices were about steady. I'onr
to fair ranged from 21c to 28c. good to choice 28c
to 36c. with fancy nominally above.
PROVISIONS,— FaiIed to obtain any help or
benefit from the grain markets early, but were
made to suffer by the action of th" hog market,
which declined this morning as much ns it ad
vanced yesterday. A partial recovery trom the
low point of the session was made before the close,
the strength of grain imparting encouragement to
buyers. May pork closed 15c under yesterday,
May lard and ribs each 6c lower.
Closing Prices.'
WHEAT— January, 67% c; May, 60S/s c : July.
61c.
January, 26y c; May, 28% c; July,
29 /4C .- . .
OaTS— Jannary, 17yjc; May, 19% c.
PORK— January, $9 J7y 2 : May. 8* 52y .
LARD— January, $5 40: May. $5 70.
RlßS— January. f4 45: May. $4 75.
BrTl'KK— Was in an unsettled condition. The
marKet was well suppled and there was but little
inquiry. Prices weak. Creameries— Extras, 24c;
lirst<. 22@23c;i 19@20c; imitations, fancy,
16al8c. likiries— Extras. 20c; firsts. 16@17c;
seconds 12@13c Ladles— Extras, 13@15c: lirsts, 1
10@12c; packing stock, 10@llc: roll, 10®12c.
EUGS— Were easy. offerings were heavy, but a
comparatively small part were strictly fresh.
Fresli stocn sold at -jO.^2lc; icehouse, 13Va
@15c f 4 dozen.
MONEY— Was firm at 6 per cent on call and
&i&7 per cent on time loans. New York exchange
sold at 75c premium. ; .■;.■:;■:■"'.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 11.1-, Jan. The
offerings of cattle to-day were kept ! ively; heavy
for a Tuesday, and as buyers were slow about get
ting down to business prices were easier and gen
erally 6@loc lower. The local packing demand lor
hogs was poor, and as the supply was rather heavy
the ieeilng -,vas weak, and prices suffered to the ex
tent of 5(a;10c per hundred qounds. Sheep were
steady, there bein? enough lnauiryto absorb the
offerings.
CA I'TI.K- Receipts, 6500. Common to extra
steers, $3 20@4 76; stockers and feeders, $2 50
@3 7.">; cows and bulls, *1 50543 6O; calves, $3 25
@6 75: Texans. $3@4 10.
HOGS— Receipts. 37.U00. Heavy packing and
shipping lo s. if 3 65@3 85; common to choice
mixed, $3 60@3 85; choice assorted, $3 75©
! 3 s5 ; light, .*3 Uo@3 90; pi.'S, if 2 75@3 75.
j SHEEP— Receipts, 14.000. Inferior to choice,
j $2@3 t>o; lambs, $3 25<g)5.
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, 3loney and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1@6%; last loan at \%
and closing offered at 1%. Prime mercantile ca
per, 7(a9t. Bar silver, t'6%c. Mexican dol
lars, 6234 c. Sterling exchange is easier, with
nctual bt-s'.ness in bankers' bills ai 34 87y 2 @4 873,^
for aixtv days and $4 X9(a;4 89',i for demand.
Posted "rates, $4 88y 90. Commercial bills,
94 86 v>(g,4 87y2. Government bonds firm; State
bonds lower: railroad bonds weak. Silver at the
board was dull.
CLOSINfI RTOI'KS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 95 | Norfolk & tt'es:... 1»4
Atchlson_ I 3y 8 ! Preferred 6
Preferred 39V2i^" or th American... *
Adams impress... 140 Northern Pacific. 52%
Alton.Terre llaute. &9 Preferred 10
American Express.lll Nortnwestern litiij
American Tobacco. 77 3 /i ; Preferred 140
Preferred 100 N. Y. Central 94-
BayStateGas J9 N. Y. Chlcago&S.L 11
Baltimore « Ohio.. 36 Ist preferred 75
BrunswicK Lands.. Vi lid Preferred 20
Buffalo, Roch <fc P. 19 jN. Y. N. H.. 177
Canada Pacific... 5j IN. Y.&Xew Ens. 45
Canada Southern.. 46 IN. Y. Susq & W... BV4
Cnnton 60 ! Preferred UIV2 |
Central Pacific... 14 V2 Ontario 7V-s |
Chee. <£. Ohio. 13 Ontario & Western. 12V2
Chicago Alton 103 - Oregon lmprovmt. tiV±
Preterrea 170 Preferred....
Chicago, H.& U... 7.t Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago &E. 111... i'iVz Oregon Short Line. 15
Preferred 95 il'acitic Mali 24
Chlcagouas Peona. D.& Evans. - 3 ,i
Cleve* Pitlsburg.l6o Pittsburg <t W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. "27 Pullman Palace.. .-150
Consolidated Gas.. 144 Mi Quicksilver 2
C. C. C. «fc St. Louis. 32V 8 Preferred la
Preferreu... P8 Keaaiuc 2 4
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 23 1 .-3'UioGrande&\Vestn 17
Preferred 98 | Preferred 40
Cotton OH Cert ltJVijßock Island K3
Commercial Cable. 130 lKomeWatifcOgdenlls
Del. .Hudson 1-0 St. L. & S. \V 4
Del.Lackit\Vesternl'i6 Preferred i>
Denver<£R.G 10 4|8t.Fanl (55%
Preterrett. 40 1 Preferred 121V 3
Distillers 14%iSt. Paul& Duluth. 28
General Electric... 183Vw Preferred 85
Erie 13V4 Bt. Paul <ft Omaha- 32y 2
Preferred 20V» Preferred 118
Fort Wayne lbl St. P. Jl. <fc 2i 110
GreatNorthernpld.no IsilverCertincac... R7
Greenßay Vs Southern Pacific.,. 20
Harlem 280 souuiernH.lt 8
Hocking Coal 2 Preferred 24
Hocking Valley... 15 bunar Kennerv.... 5)9
Homestake. ... 27 Preferred 95
H. & Texas Cent-. 1 Term. Coal <fc Iron. 2:;' 2
Illinois Central fc"9 | Preferred 100
lowa Central 7V2 Texas Pacific. . . 7".,,
] Preferred '23 T01.A.A..t N.Mich. '
Kansas <£ Texas.. _ s /ilTol. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 225/ ! Preferred tis
Kingston <t Pern... 3 I'lol.St.Louls&K.a ti
Lake Erie <t Westn lH ] Preferred 10
Preferred 61 1 .-. Union Pacific... . n*A
Lane Shore 135V4,'U. p.. Den. <& Gult 3
National Lead 2SS 8 : U .8. Cordage ft
Preferred H2 | Preferred y
Louisiana B.i I Guaranteed 17
Louisville <t Nasb.. 40*4| 0. S. Express 411
Louisville Na&Ch. 7»/ 4 U. s. Leather 914
Preferred 18^5 Preferred 60 1 ■>
1 Manhattan Consol. I* ol 'V. S. Rubber 24^
Mempnis Charls. IB ' Preferred.. ..84
Mexican Central... B Ullca it I',. River.. 150
Michigan Central.. 93 i VVab. S. L. Jt Pac. 6Vg
M4nn<kS. L. — Preferred 14%
Preferred — - Wells-Fargo. 9i)
Mitjn. & St. Lcom. 17 Western Cnion 833/
. Ist preferred 72 WisCentra. b'
2<l preferred 41% Wheeling a U E.. 10V 8
Missouri Pacific... 22 Preferred 34V;,
Mobile* Ohio 21 Am Cotton Oil DfJ. tf3
Kasliville Chan 65- W U Beef 7y»
National Linseed.. ]9 L I Traction 16
N. J. Central sisi/2 Ann Arbor
CJ.ORINU BON'TM.
I 41, rPR IOSI/2 MX T 2ds. . 8414
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..109 : D 0,45.. ' ' ' HH
CB 4s new reg. 114y Mutual Union' 6s.'.' 115
Do, 4s coupon. ..1141 N J Cent Gen ss. 113
Do. 25.. 9B Northern I'ac lsts. 113
Do. 6s 112 i/ 2 ; Do, 2ds 101
Do. 6h counon.. ,ll'2i/ ! Do, 3<75. . 64
Cherokee 4s. 1898. iNortnn-estConVoVil 3kia
Do. 1897 100 ' Do, deb 6s .. 117v£
D0.1b98» 100 ORANlsts 10J
Do. J899 1. 0 |BiL&lronMiGen6s-^
- 0f '95.... St L & S F .jhii »5s 100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 St Paul Conrtbl* 123
Ala Class A 4 10H st. P. C. *Pa Isti!ll2
Do. Class 84, ss.lO>< 1 Do. Pac Cal jsis.. 107
LaConsol4s -.18 Southern K. R. 6s. 8Hy 2
Mißsourl fundlnit Texas Pacific llMts H'2 '
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Fkcwconda, IBVi
Do, 4s 101) I'monPar '96 1041
f=o Carolina 4V 2 *... 104 West Shore 4s. 104' »
Term new 82 Mobile Ohio 4s H{
Va funding debt... 60 R Granae West lsts 703 i
f O. Reg ,Ches<tO6s lO4i/t
l)o, deferred 65... 6 Atihlson4s. t;< ( i!,
i»o. trust rcpts st 6V 2 Do. 2ds A "* -'(lif
Canada south 2d5..i04y 0 H<t S A 6s. " # 104
Cen i-ac lstsof '9s UHI j Do. 2d 7r ""ion
Den <fe R O 15t.... ll()i H jH & Tex CentSs! . 1 07
.'"'•'»' i *f^j Do. con 6s 104
Erie2ds 65 Reading 4s 713,5
Kimsas Pa Consols 70 Missouri tis . 10Q
Ks ** lhts dlvlOS
FOKEIGN MAKKKTS.
, WHEAT IV MVERfCKVL.
irvKßPOni., En-g., Jan. 7.-ihe spot market
is firm at 5s sV4«l@ss 6%d. Cargoes are firmer at
28s arrived.
n Ti-iifs.
The Produce Exchange cable cives the roQowlnc
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ur>d Winter- farm
ary, ss4i- 2 d: F.^bruary. Ss 5y 4 d; March', 5s 6d-
April, 53 61/ id; May, 5s 6y 2 d. '
SK(TRITira.
LON'no.v. Kno., .lun. 7. ( onsolß. 10554- sil
ver, 30 9-16 d; French Rentes, It Of 10c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling F.xchnnste, 60 days — $4 88
sterling Kxcnange, sight." _ 4 sbia
Merlins Cables 91 91Vo
New York Kxchange. sight — Par
New York Exchange telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce 6674
Mexican Dollars 63Vi 54
GOLD COIN MOVKMKNT.
The local movement in gold coin last year was
as follows:
Coined in 1895 $'J3,920,000
1 aid in tor duties $5,489,000
Exported 6,323,500
11, 81.!. M) 0
Added to local circulation $12,107,500
For the year 1894 the gain was only $2,600,400.
because r,f the coinage of that year $13,v:U3.000
was exported. The large tain for the past year has
given us an abundance of circulation, though the
bulK of it is in the bank*. There was $11,000,000
in Government coin sent Kaat in 1895
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKIt GRAINS.
WHKAT-The Thomaslna MacLellan takes for
Cork 59,353 ctls, valued at ' 559,947: B. F Pack
ard, for AvonmoiKu, 49,898ct!s at $50,519.
Tbe market has again advanced in sympathy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
with a rise Kast and abroad, and is very firm. No.
1, $1 05; choice. *1 O6',i; lower grades, 85c@.fl;
extra choice for milling, $1 1(%1 15.
CAM, liOAI'.I) SALES.
IxroßMAi, Skshiox —10 o'clock — May— lßoo
tons, $1 0714: 100. #1 07V 8 ; 100, $1 07%.
Kkhii.ak Miirnimi skssion— May— l6oo tons,
$1 07.%; 900, $1 07i,-i; 1400. $i 073/ 8 ; 300,
SI 073, i. ..
Aftkbkook Skssion — May— 7oo tons, $1 07%;
4SOO. ifl 075 /8 .
HA liLKV— Shipment of 54,909 ctls Brewing,
valued at $45,308. to Hull, and 16,86 ctls. at $13.
--489, to Avonmouth.
The market continues tirm. Feed. 683/4@7li4c;
choice. -72y c; Brewing, 75@82y 2 c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 20 for No. 1 and 75c@$l ctl for off
grade.
CAI.I. BOARD BALKS.
Jnhokmai, Skssiox— lo o'clock— No sales. .
Rw;n.Aii Moknino Skssion— May— loo tons,
70y 8 c; 100, 69% c; 700.70 c.
. Air kxoov BKBKIOH — May — 100 tons, 70c;
100. 703/ c; 500, 701/ic.
OATS— The demand is fair and the market Is
steady. Milling, 70(£75c: fancy Feed, 80@85c; good
to choice, 67%@80c; common to fnir, 57V>@65c;
Gray, 65@75c; ited, for seed, 85@95c; Blacic, for
seed. $1 lO@l 30: Surprise, 90(&f97"VaC.
CORN— Large Yellow ha» azain aa%'anced, being
scarce. I^arne Yellow, 87 ' (Si9oc ; Small Bound
do, 87V2(o:90c; White, 80(g:85c IS ctl.
KYK— 76®80c f ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@$l "® ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FLOOR AM» MIIXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45<g>3 55; super
linc, $•_' 40@2 50 -$ bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, 19 50@20 '$
ton: Cracked Corn, $20 "£ ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23/ic; Kye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7y c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3y>c: oatmeal,
3%c: Oat liroats. 4y c: Hominy, 4(gt4i/2c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, ay 2 c: Farina.
4i/ 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Boiled oats, 4y»c;
Pe«rl Barley, /4 .@4V2c; Split Peas, 434 c; Green
do, 51 io %». Ib.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sl3@l3 50 ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16@19 for lower grades up to
$10 60 V ton for the best.
FEED£TUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 "& ton:
Oiliake Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton; jobbing,
$22 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAV-ls firm at the i proved prices and is
likely to advance again unless it ruins. Wheat is
quotable at ?8<a.12 5(1 '& ton; Oat. B(<t 10 50 1* ton;
Wheat and Uat. $7 50<§>ll 50 f» tou; Barley, -I!7(g>
9 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Clover. s?7(g>9; Com
pressed, $7 .'><i(.i 1 1 ; S;ock. $6@7 50 "jH ton.
STKAW- 35cg;00c $ bale.
BKANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS —No business of any consequence.
Bayos, $I@l 15 ctl: Small Whites. *1 25®
1 40; Pea, $1 50®l 60; Large Whites, $1 '15@1 30;
Pink, 90c@?l 10: Reds, $1 35@1 50; Blackeye,
$175@155; Red Kidney, SI 65©1 75; Lima's,
$2 40(^,2 60; Butters. .$1 60(0*1 7.i |S ctl.
SKSKDS— FIax is lower and dull. -Mustards are
quiet. Brown Mustard ouotabl« at $1 95(a)2 05:
'irieste. S2(a'J 20; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax, |1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i,4@3«.c %< 1b; Al
falla 6y4@tsy.jC %4 tt>; Rape, l« (a,2c 'tf, B>; Hemp,
4e f 1 Hi.
DRLKD PEAS-Quoted at $1 25@1 50 '& ctl for
Niles, .$1 20@l 30 lor BlacKeye and $1 25@1 67
lor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
[ POTATOES— Volunteer New Potatoes. 2c $ Ib;
Sweets, for Rivers and $2 15 for Merced; Sa
linas Burbauks, 60(g,90c %* ctl: Kiver Burbanks, 25
@35c %* sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c: River
ileds, 50@60c $ ctl.
n.NKi.Ns- -ste-.dy at 80@90c; Cut Onions, 60@
65c; Oregons, 75c(A?l %4 ctl.
VEGETABLES— Dried Pepper?, 7@loc lb;
Tomatoes, 30@60c "^ box; l,os Angeles Tomatoes,
75c@$l; UreHU i'eas. 7@Bc; String Beans, ;
Dried Okra, I 2i a c; Cabbage, 50c j« ctl; Garlic, 4
@4VaC fi lb; Marrowfat Squash, $22 50 $Uou.
POULTRY AN"JL> GAMK.
POCLTRY — Ducks and young Roosters are
doing better. Pigeons are weaker. .
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c ft 1b for Gobblers and 12c
lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13@14c; Geese,
%* puir, $1 50@l 76: Ducks, $5@7; Hens, $4@i
] 6 50: Hoosters, young, $4 50ra:6: do, old, $4@4 fiO:
] Fryers, $4 60(5,5; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large anl
I $3 50 lor small; Pigeons, $1 sU(gi2 %* dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME — Large birds were lower. Ducks and
Quail showed little change. Quail arc auotable
ulsl %i dosen; Mallard, $3@3 50 f* dozen: Can
vasback, $3<§,6: Bprig, $1 75@2: Teal. $1 25®1 60:
Widgeon, ijl -5: Small Dac^, 76c<£$1 ; n«re. i>o
• @75c; Kahtiiis. $1 '25 for Cottontails and 7f>c@sl
lor small: Gray Geese, $2@2 25; White Geese,
! 76c@»l; Brant. ?1 25@1 50: Honkers, $3@3 50;
! English Snipe, $1 50(gi - 50; Jack Snipe, $l(g»l 25.
BITTER, CHKKSK AND KtiGS.
BT'TTEIt— The market rules firm with light
stocks.
• iiKAMKRY— Fnncy, 26@2Tc, with sales at a slight
advance; seconds, 24326 c Ib.
I'aiky- Fancy, 24(c&25c; good to choice, 22@
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE— Fancy iuil.t new, ll@lll/ c ? lb;
special marks higher still; common io good, B@loc
t* ll>: cream Cheddar, Il(g)l2c; Vounic America,
]] 0,12 c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12ftj>l 3c W lh.
EGGS— market is steady, out the disposition
istokeep sokl clown as low as possible. Oregon
Egi;s. 22c; fancy Eastern, 24@25c; ROOd to choice
Kastern, 22V*s<&22lc; seconds, •Jl@2'2c: store Eggs,
21@'-!6c; ranch Kggs, 27Va&32y 3 c *& doz.
JUECIDUOUS AM) CITRUS FKIITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons, 40@75c "H
box; Apples, 75c<a$l for good to caotce, 50@65c
for common to lair and $1 26 for fancy; Lady Ap
ples are nominul.
CITRUS FIU ITS— Limes are stronger and Lem
ons weaker. Oranges continue slow. Caliiornia
i irancej quutable at .f i 2?>(g,l 75 t* bx for seedlings
and $1 50(0.2 60 for Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$1(3,1 25 V box; Lemons, $l(<jl 50 for common
unu if'Jia- f>o lor good to choice: .Mexican Limes,
50(a6: Bananas, $1(g.2 t?. bunch; Pineapples, $H
(g.5 V dozen.
liKIKD I-KUITS, KAISINS, Ts'UTS, ETC.
DRrED FKUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Apples, 2y 2 @3c Tgi lb for quar
tered, 3(i£3y c %> lb for sliced and 4i4@sc $ lb
for evaporated; Peaches, 4@sc ~$ lb and 6y 2 @
6c lb for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c f<
lb;. Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6Va fi tb
for 40@60's and 5c $ lb for 60@60's; Apricots,7y
@9c for prime to choice and 10(g>llc f, Hi for fancy
Moorpark; Figs, black, 3@3y c tb for pressed
and 2@2%c for unpressed: White Figs, (g,4c
Jb for pressed in sacks and s@6c in boxes; Pears,
7c ii lb for evaporated halves, 4(g(ii/ 2 c <jf* lb for
quarters; Plums, 4(<J4i/2 ( ' ¥ lb for pitted and iy>@
•Ji .ji for unpitted ; Nectarines, 6@6c $S lb for prime
10 choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
j JOBBINS Pkick«— Apples, 4@4y c: Peaches. 3@
i 4c and 5c for fau<;y; peeled, in boxes, lU@l2i c;
JTnnes, 4c for Hie four sizes. 6<(btiV2 c for 40(ai50's
and 6c for 50(&t50'B; Apricots, 6Cn.9'.^c for prime to
! choice and lu@.llc for fancy iloorpark; Figs,
1 black, / i@2y 2 c; White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 6y 2 c
! »or e\aporated halves and 3(a.5y 2 c for quarter-!; ■
j l'lnms, 31/2 C tor pitted and l(g*l y 2 c tor unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@sc lp Hi for prime to choice.
BAJBINH aM> D.SIED GRAPES— Prices are !
ns follows, carload lot?, f. o. b. Ban Francisco:
I London layers, bs@9oc f. box four-crown, loose,
■ S^C '$ lb; three-crown, loose, 2y c; two-crown,
J 2@2Vic: seedless Hultanas, 3 s /iffi4c: seealessMus
j cateis, 2 1 /2f3>'-'Sic; cluMters. $T3s@l 50; Deliesa
flusters, $•- K'ia2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 tSO
@2 75; Dried rapes, 2%c t* it,.
I Jobbino Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
; crown, 2Vi@2V2c: 2-crown, \», (a>-2c; Seedless Sul
-1 liiniis, 3^©4c;. Seedless Muscniels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
: I.(iii<l(iii layers. 85o@$l; clusters, $1 40@l 60;
■ Dehesa clusters, 92 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried <irapes, 2y>c.
NUTS-Chestniits, B@loc f> lb; Walnuts. 7(SBc
'? lb for Xo. 1 hard and Wafli/^ for sofishell, jub
; liinir lots; Almonds, tj(a.7' .c lor I aimuedoc and
; Mi @,10c for papir-sheil, johbins; Peanuts, 3V
j 4c f. tt, for California: Hickory nuts, • s@bc;
J'ecans, 6c for rougb and 8c for |)o!ished; Filberts,
; S'a9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 <g.Bc 'f< lb; ocoanuts,
1 $4 50((i.5 |l HHJ.
HON*KN-(omb Is quotable at 10@12c^lbfor
■ briKlit and Sfaitc jH tti for lower grades; wat«r-
I white extracrcd, s@6Vic $ tb; light, amber ex
tracted. 41 4 c: rinrk amber, 4c: dark, 2@3c.
BEXSWAX— »S9B«c f> lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MK A is- Bacon 6c t» lb for heavy, 7c
I for light medium, 9c "f, lb for light. 10c $ lb for
; extra light and 12c lb' for sugar-cured; Kas'.ern
Boxar-cured liam«. 1 1 c^» tb; California Hams,
10c; Aiess Keef, $7 t< bbi : extra mess do, «8: fam
ily do. $9®9 50: extra prime Pork. $8 %* bbl; ex
tia clear. $14 bbl; mess. $13 %i bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9i/ 2 @>loc 9 lb.
La III) --Kas;ern. tierces. Is quotable at 6c f,
I tb for c<iiii]>oun(l and 7.y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
-1 ibrnia tierces, 6y a c for compound and tfc for pure
half-bbls, 6V4C: 10- lb tins, 7c; do 61b, 7(a.7y4C X lb.
COTTOLENE— 7c in tierces and 7%c''«* tb in 10
--lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL ANIJ HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c;
cuils and brands, Cc; medium, 6c: culls and brands,
6c; light, 5c $ lb; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides,
s«isiAc 3 lb; culls and brands, 4@4i/ 2 c; salted
Kip, 5c g lb; salted Calf, 8c y lb; salted Veal,
be: dry Hides. 10@llc t< tb; culls and brands. 7f<t
7i/2c: dry Kip and Veal, 9c; culls, 6»/-c: dry Calf.
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each ! Kids 5c-
Deerskins, good summer, 2B@PBoc; medium 10(3
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins. shearlings, 10<ifi
! SUC earn; short wool, 'M(w4or. each; medium, 40
•■■<! each; long wool, tiO(a»7Oc each. Culls of all
kinds, about U>c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 33/i@4c; No. 8, 3@
3V*c: retiiied, r>:i c; Oreaae, 21/jC y. lb. - • W
WOOli— qnote Kail as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7@9c; San Joaquln «nit southiTn, 3@
6c: free Mountain. 6(g>7c; dt-fertive do, 4@6c iS lb
i 11OP.S— Nominal, al 4^6c ft lb.
GKNEBAL aiKBCHA>DZSE.
Calcutta Oraln Bogs, June-July
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c. '
COAL—Wellington is Quotable at $8 '$ ton;
New Wellington, f8 "ft ton; Southtield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 fiO; Coos Bay,
155; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 60; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $14 in-bulk and $15 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kk?. Sl2; Welsh An
thracite Egg, $10; Cannel, $7 50@8; Kock fciprings,
.y. '■•;-•
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $13
in bulk and $15 y ton In sacks. • :■■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rerlnery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 54fec; I)r - V Granulated, sc;
Confvc-tioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A,4S/ g Extra
C, 4Vic; Golden C, 4y«c; half-barrels, ' yic more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more. .
SY'KUP— Golden, in bbls. 15c; Black Strap, 10c
gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality. S^ijtffißc; second quality,
4 1 2 (g.5c; third do. :iWa.4e "H tb.
VkAL— Large. s®bc"; small. 6@7c lb.
M OTTON— Wethers. 6(a6V'C: Ev.es, 6c f, !b.
LAMB— spring Lamb. .
I OKh— Live Hogs. S^4o ? !b for large and 33, gC
for small: dressed do, 4Va@si/2C ¥ ft.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOfKS.
Flonr.nr. sk» 11.1B0! Pelts. t>dls..- 86
Washington •_'.B7S\Vine, gals 62,300
Wheat, ctls tt0,003 Butter, ctls 28«
Washington 37OC'heese. ctls 88
Barley, ctls SdHExgs. doz 26,htiO
Washington 3.335 Lumber. M feet... 20
Oats.etls 700 Leather, rolls 214
Washington 5.730' Wool, bis 15+
Potatoes, ski 2,7H4jTallow. ctls 33
Onions, sks 357 I.ime. bbls 3HI
Br»n. B ics 1.000 Raisins, bxs 133
Middlings, sks 210) Powder, boxes.... (i
Beans, sks. Kil Alfalfa Seed, sks.. 23
Hay. tons. HOI Broom Corn, bales 130
Straw, tons * Mustard Seed, sks 30?
Hides, no gi-j 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were somewhat off yesterday all around
under diminished trading, though the decline was
not sharp. There was no noon session, owing to
the death of the well-known broker, J. W. Coleman.
NOTES.
The Confidence delinquent assessment sale will
be held to-day, and that of the Chollar on the 14th.
An assessment of 5 cents per share has been
levied on the Gray F.agle.
The Northern California Bank of Savings of
Marysvillels now paying a semi-annual dividend
at the rate oi I ' ■■ per cent per annum on term und
S&4 per cent on or.linary deposits.
i he oincial letter from the Chollar mine for the
week says: In the stope above crosscut 2, 450
level, and the south. drift from it we continue to
open to the north on the second, third and seventh
Doors, the pay lying in bunches requiring .asaorUnK, i
but of good grade. We are puttini; square sets in
the north dri:t from the crosscut, preparatory to '
continuing the work farther north on the floors
above mentioned. We have saved during the week
(4 tons and 1(300 pounds of ore, which has been
shipped to the Nevada mill for reduction. The
average battery sample was $33 60 per ton.
The l-oiosi official 1.-tler for the past week says:
In the stope above the north arlft the east cross
cut, 560 level, we continue toextrrc" ore from Wie"
tenth, eleventh, twelfth and thintenth floors, prin
cipally in the form of old tilling, witli an ;
occasional streak of ore in place on the east !
wall. We have opened the fourteenth floor, which
we Intend to connect with a southwest drift from
the 450 level lateral urif. for air before coins: I
higher. In the opening above the south lateral
drift, on the 550 level, we are working south on a
small streak of ore on the third floor. From the
various openings we have saved during the past
week 209 tons ana 200 pounds of ore, the average
battery sample of which was $27 89 per ion. The
ore was shipped to the Nevada mill tor reduction.
we have shipped to the Han Francisco ofllce two
bars of bullions of the par value of, $5834 39.
BOARD SALLS.
Following were the sale* In the San Francisco
Stocit Board yesterday:
RKGULARSfOR.VI\-r>SKV»Tn>- COHf WirvcrVO ATT: 30.
400 Aloha 251150 C Point. . 281 50 Ophir.. ..1.65
100 Andes '28 300 E.ichqr....Oß 300 0vrmn....24
350 8e1cher... 351300 G AC 55450 Potosl ....6tf
150 B &8....97 6(i0H<feN....1.'25 l 300 66
100 1..98H00 1.30J900 Savaee....3s
50 99500 Mex<cn...6Bftioo Nev tit,
100 8u11i0n.. .. 20)700 Occldntl... Union C..49
100 Chalinge..33llOO 500 V Jacket..63
400 Chollar ....811 I
AJ-TFTINOON SKSSIOV ~"':3D.
400 Alpha '26200 Crown rt.2H 3 0!) 0vrmn....23
100 Andes... .2S| 511 O * C 57,300 Poiosi.. . .66
200 Bflct>er....3:-!3tlO 50 -JOO Savage... 30
•JOO B <fc 1; l.dli 800 H&N...1.::0 200 34
400 Bullion. . .20300 Justice. ...O.VIOO Scorpion. .o3
100 8u1wer.... 121700 Mexican. 69 iOO Set 8e1....13
100 Challnc. .3slloo 67 200 s Rev 67
600 Ch011ur....H4 100 Occidtl.. .. 7fi2oo Union C...51
200 85 150 7S|IOO Ltah U?
■»00 ( CV 2.60 100 771200 V JacKt...ss
100 C0nn... .1.28 12M) Ophir.. 1.66)400 54
Following were ihe sales In the Paclllo dtoclc
Board yesterday :
BKfM't.VH SFSSTOV — IfI;TV
800 Alpha 26 200 C0n11.1.22J/2'l'»ooOphrl.s7iA
800 Alta 1000 Con I m.. 300 l.Ku
400 Ancles 271000 200 0vrmn.... 24
300 8e1cher....35 500 CJ N V (II 400 23
400 34 200 C P0int.. ..28500 22
•-.'oo B & 8..A.98 300 Excliqr.. .09 400 Potosi 65
1200 991000 036U0 .....66
200 1.00400 G& C 56;600 Savage....
300 Bodie 44:1500 551300 35
200 40-JiK> H&>! ...1.20'100U Scorplono4
200 8u11i0n....21 1.2;V400.S 8&M...12
1200 2000 1.27 V, SOO "iXev... 60
f.OO Caleda.... 10 400 Julia 03 .......... .65
200 Cna11ge....33200 Justice.. ..o4 1000 Sil Hi 11 ..03
100 34;500Kentck....06 Union C...50
600 Chonar.. . . ] 500 1, Wash... .0 1 . 800 I'tnh ...07
900 80:800 Me.\ican..oS 300 V JacKet..s3
100 B'2 300Occld 7*-V»00 52
450CC<*V...2.(i(> 700 7<V2uO .....54
900 2.57y 2 I
A I TKHNODV SKSSIOV— 2:33.
600 Alpha 261450 CCV 26/. 100 Occldtl.
ssoo 26 100 2.t>o 500 . ' ...79
300 Alia 13|300 2.55;300 77
300 Andes 28 401) C Point... 30 400 75
40'J 8e1cner...35 3l!0 281200 78
400 32 500 G AC 5K 600 Ophir...
460 B & 8.. 1.00 6fi'dOO . .l- r , H
150 I. oi'V2 800 HcV.N ...1.30 400 P0t09i.....(j6
400 ].(.!;> 100 ll 200 . 65
200 Bodie 43 600 1.27^200 Savage... .3s
400 8u11i0n. ...19500 Justice... .04 3'JO 8 Xev....67
300 8u1wer....12 500 Kentuck..O7 200 Union ....50
300 Caleda....lOßOO 06300 ... 5"
100 Challnge..34 Mexican.. 300 l.tnli.. . 07
300 35 200 70 200 V Jacket. 54
300 Chollar ...81 400 68 800 55
400...'. 84500M0n0 05^1)0 56
100 ConH ...1.25 300 Uvermn...23.000 63
CLOSI>(i OUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 7-4 p. m.
Bid.A*ketl.\ Bi(t.Atkift.
Alpba Con 25 26|J«ckson — 40
Alia.... 12 14 Julia OJ •03
Andes 27 Justice. 04 05
Belcher 32 33 BentucK. 06 07
Best A Belcher. 1.00 1.05 ! I.ady Wash. . 01 02
Bentoncon.... _ 45 Mexican 68 69
Uodie 43 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion 19 Mono .'..". 05 07
Bnlwer _ 11 12 XevndaQueen. 04 06
Caledonia 10 11 Occidental.... 77 78
Challenge Con. 34 35'Ophir 1.60 1.65
Chollar 84 Overman 23 24
Con. Cal. Va.2.B> 2.65!P0i05i " 65 66
Con. Imperial. 02 03 fcavaee 34 35
Confidence 1.20 1.30 t>eg. Belcher... 12 13
Con.XewVoric — Ollsierra NevaJa. 67 68
Crown Point,... 29 30 Scorpion 03 _
l-.ujitsierra — 04 Silver Hi 11....! 02 04
Exchequer..... OS 10 Silver Kin?.... 25 —
Eureka C0n.... 15 25 Syndicate...... — 03
Uould <fc Curry. 56 57UnionCon fil 62
Hale dtlSorcM. 1.25 1.30 Utah 07 08
lowa — 04 VeUow Jacnot. 62 63
STOCK AND liOXD EXCHANGK.
TUESDAY, Jan. 7-2 p. x.
CNITEI> STATUS BONTDS.
BW- Atked. Bid. A*tcr.,L
US4scoup..lo7V 2 109 |US4s reg...107^1C9
MISCKI.I,AXKOUR BONDV
Cal-stCbless. - 110i/ 'Do. 2d lss 6s. — —
CalElecLCs.lo6 — ll'&O Hy65.107 f^M
CntraC \v ss. — 1 00 i/ 2 ; p& Ch f t v 6s. 1 0 £ —
I)pnt-st ex-cp 77 9:> il'wl-st. Kit6s. — II6VO
Edan LAP 65.1()5 106U,!Reno. — 105
F&CHKK6s.IOSi/ — " IKlverWCo6s — 100
CJearv-stHSs. 104 i/ 2 — 1.-acto!" .V J...100 1023/-
Xx)sAneL.63. - 101 BFANPRBBs:t'O lOO.vt
Uo,Unted,6s. — lOUA bPKKAriz63 94 0« '
Mkt-stCbleCsl2o 122 isl'KU Ca165..110 —
I>oKvconss..lo73/ 8 108V2SPHKCal.'>'<.. — 971/-.
NevCNgBBB. — 100 isi'llrKCaltis. — 97 "
N PCKK6s.IO3Va — 'jSYWater6*.. — 122U
N Ky CaMis.lOOVa - Water4a... 98V »S7 /8
NRy ss. - 103 StktnU&Eßj — 103
Oak r.as 55.. 104 3 - BunstTATHs. — 100
IJo. 2d fss ss. 104 — SuttPr-stHss.loflV
Omnibus 65.. - 1 1 9 1 VisallaWC6s — 92
PacKollM6s.. — —
WATKII STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 45 I San Jose 75'/a »6 '
MarlnCo 50 52V2iSprlngValley 9«:t 87
OAS bTfICKS.
Capital — 40 jPacific Light. 4a 4?i/
Central 95 —.. San Francscu — Tiit
OakGL&H. 61 1/4 Stockton .... — tfii /2
I'acUaaliup. — 80 3 ,i|
■ INBURANCK STOCKS. •
liremansFd.l6o — jSun... 66% —
I'OMMKRCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. ; — — LondonP&A.l27s 4l3o
Anglo-Cal... o9U, 62 ! London&SF. — 28
liaiikof Ca1..230 ' 233 Merch Ex.... 12 —
CalSD<tTCo.. 5"V* 60 Nevada — —
FlrstXationl.lßo — bather B Co. — . — : .-
Urangera.... — — I '.."
B*VJXOS BASK STDOKI. ' .
GerSiLCo. 1 400 1500 iEav&Loan.. — 150 -
HumbS&li.lOOO — ii^ecnrlty — 27S
Mutual ..35 411/2 1 Union Trusu — &2S
BFSavUnion — 496 |
STREET KAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
lieary-st 60 70 '1-resiaio 5 —
Market-5t.... 45 I Qt^ Tlninwr St. 1 n — — : ■
S ': •' . : ; • row d STOCK J.
AtlantlcD... 15 — Judson.. — —
CalDornla.... »5 115 Vigont. 500 1
Oianu 175/ g 19 I
MlM'KH.AXiini's RTOOK«.
Alnßka Pkrs. 97V a IOO OceanicSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — ' 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — PaclifcXCo. — 30
Edison Light. 95 96Vi PacKoll Mill 20 -
GasConAssn. — — ' .I'arfPaintCc. — 9
HawC&SCo.. 754 tfi/i PacTransCo. — 25
HutchSPCo.. 123 4 l3Vßl'acT*TCo 60 —
JudsonMfgC — ' _ KunsetT<feT.. 40 —
MerExAssnlOO 110 |UnitedCCo.. — -25 ;
- MOK < ■ VI) hKHSI'If
Board— 000 s V 6X Bonds, 121
Btreet-100 Hawaiian Commercial, 8.
' '.: ".. ■'. AKTKRMOOS sKSSION'. .
Board— 6 Giant Powder Con, 18: 60 Market-st
• Railway, b3. 4514 ; 10 do. 45; 6S V Water, 863/4:
, $1000 S P of A Bonds, «J43 .
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A L Burhank, San Jose Dr J F Chrlstal, Sta Cruz
J i lar^, \\ oodland DF Doutrlass.NevadaCity
Z O Dunn, Cal j II Swift. Oil
JTJr T D Blodgett. Tulare F Coleman, New York
T \ ogt. Alameda J B Cash, Cal
J BStnrgus, Seattle J c Jones, Salt Lake
X t. Jason, Boston ii A Jason, Boston
Miss h. Jason, Lowell R Duncan, Cal
J. C Parker & wf, Lolo J Harrison.NewAlmaden
Ide 1 urk, Santa Rosa O Cooper. Belmont
,', <; v . alker WatsonviUe A Lowenthal, Phila
1 } ! r , a , \ Jlanford " CADurfee, Los Angeles
AC Hopkins. Fresno X 1! Hopkins, Fresno
Jl> Dliams, Butte Mrs W Irving, l.ompoc
PF Mc^lorry, Sacto J Seadler, Sacramento
N Harvie, .^acramento A J Gustin. Kearney
W Lane, Cal h A strohmyer. N V
A J Crane, New Jersey J runean, Adelaide
J L Fisher, Prescott J \v Guthrie, sacto
Miss M McGanna, Cal J M Thompson fc wf, Cal
II A gher, Calk - k P Fl in t. Los A ngeles
>. Bender, Morgan Hill I, Kosenthal. Merced
Miss Fisher, Prescott W H Hinshond, Kelsey
Mrs X Nlccolls, Napa C B Proom ft wf, Cal
l's Solinsky.Han Andreas F E D Broivn, Boston
M T Iluubard, San Jose W S Tinning, Martinez
(i li Baber ft dtr, Cal II B Muir, Ikiah
I) I op<z. San Jose C Hernandez, s»n Jose
F V Flint, Sacramento O Woouward, Staten Isld
I Johnson, S L Obispo J B Nichols, S L Obispo
Mrs W F Browne, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Deedley. N V W J Schlacks, Stnnford
Mrs Montgomery .Buffalo a B Montgomery, Buf/alo
s McMurtrle, Denver E C Pnrcells, Oakland
FAI Huffaker. Virginia W Bowden, San Jose
1. H Rcdon, Victoria J Finch, Palo Alto
•T ->' I?urk, San Jose .1 U Ueniuss, Reno
J T Jones, (arson. Xcv X a Croway, .Santa Cruz
iMrs U H Phillips, Cal W S >Loolc, Los Angeles
W A Closs, N J Cross <S w, Los Angeles
A L Bue|:hani <fe w, Cal Mrs H G Flash, Los An«
W M Burrill, Mich E X Thornton, Kan City
Mrs L I) Ilarlow, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A S Woods, X V H 8 Ohl, Harverd
C H Pearse, Oakland Miss L Grejrg, Ky
W H Ragaln,B:ony Ford .) Cunieky, (al
.1 B Eery, Alc&traz o Winter, Oakland
1) Lewis, Sacramen'o L Turner, San Jose
C E MrLane, Oakland It M Jove* &w, Boston
J Williams, Boston <: X Com by, Tacoma
G W Wise. I,odi W Bane, Denver
E B Wise. Lodi X Field. Angela
I) Cramlns, Alcatraz W B Reavls, Los Angeles
r.AI.DWIN HOTEL.
W W Burkehaulter, Cal G MlgnJonalle, Nnpa
P a I. yon, Sacramento E r, Krlpp, Sacramento
J Dertnck.AnirelsCamp Mrs.! Hull, Oakland
M !i Melld, Vallejo R M Cobb, Ohio
O Larrabee, La 1> Nr^ro ft w, Mexico
.1 O'Nell, Chicago B X Thornton, Mo
Mi.' s A Benedick. Ohio T Hogan, Malinas
L A l.acf?. Han Jose I, X Dougherty. 8 Rosa
L X Zabula, t-aiinas Mrs A M Heath, Portland
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frederick and Ajine P. Tillmann to Katlf s.
Mahon fnifeof Frank) and Anastasla B. Pescai
(wife of Dr. J.), lot on .\ line of Washington street,
137 :6 W of Ciough, W 65 by N 127:8%: »iO.
• ieorge Ka'lston to Kebecca l'adston, lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 156:3 W of Fillmori', W
50 by S 132:6: also lot, on iN line of 'lurk s-reet,
87:6 B of Leavenworth, E 2"> by N i:> 7:6; also lot
on W line m Powell street, 29 N of Post, N23 by
W 60: also lot on sW line of sjjeth street) 17a N\V r
ol Folsom, NW 25 by 8W 96; also lot on XX line
of Harriet street, 1 1 5 XW of Folsom, STW 25 by
NX 60, qnitclitlm deed: ?K).
Kpbecca Kudston to Jmia Hadston, Julia tauter
and Lillie Astir, sanie (five- pieces); $10.
John and Luna Htierlcn to Julia sievert, lot on
N line- ot Seventeenth street, 280 \V of Church, W
26 by N 85; $10.
John Burns to Bridget McDermott. lot on W
line of M^ission street, 190 S of Twenty-sixth. «
3:7, SW 62:6. W 96, N 4():t\ X 125; itift.
Emelia Barth to Female Kclinlons of the Order
Of St. Dominic, lot on W line of Guerrero street,
100 S of Twenty-fourth. S 94 by W 129; $1.
Marie K. CbatlChe to AUgOSttna Marie de la Luz
Bon, lot on E line of Dupont street, 77:6 S of Pa
cific, 8 25 by X 55; .$lO.
Christina .-'evening to Hermine Donahue, lot on
N line 01 Green street, 181:6 X of Mason, E 8:7%,
N to a point 60 N from (ireen and IH4 :5V ; > E from
Mason. W to a point distant 160 y. from Mason
and t 0 N of Green, S 60 to beginning; grant.
Bridget Quinlan to 1 lionms O'Brien, lot on the
SK line of Claiy street, 400 SW of Kitch, s\\ -.a
by >X 80: $2700.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Susan A. Judson,
lot on the X line of X street, 32:6 E of Tlnrty
eightfa avnue, X 50 by X 100: $10.
A. K. A. Harmon to Frederick Kraft, lot on the
E line of Eleventh avenue, 150 X of X street, X 26
by E 120; $10.
Phoebe a. Uemerest to Frank W. Demeresi, lot
on the s-> lino ol L strpet, 85:7 W of Thirteenth
Hvcnue, W 25 by 8 120:2, E to a point, X 120
--.56000.
i I,ederer to Bertha Spitz, lot on S\V line
of Sun Jot>p road, 100 XE of ltf-itent street, NX 50,
N\V 101, \S' 6-', SK 139. lots 4, 5, Piorr's Addition
to \Vest llom< stead; $10.
M. .T. stri«-nins vr. John Burkart (by A. M.
Holltday, Commissioner), to M. J. Strientng, lot
11. block 311, Railroad Association Homestead
Addition to Boain s>an Francisco: .S2OO.
Kstate John H. Mill.r (by A. C. Freese, adminis
trator), to .1. M. Comerford, lois 412 to 421, Uitt
2; 9800.
Robert S. and Carrie Miller to Mary A. Mugge,
lot commenclnc on south line of lands of .-an
Francisco and Nin Joaquln Hailroad Company, 91
links S. 40 deg. E from SK corner of land of K. C.
M. Dtf Brut 7., then S 0 deg., B 31 chains, S 44Vi
deg., W 8 chains, S 54 deg., W 1.2-7 chains. SfjH
(leg., W 1.50 chains, N 40 lies. 10 / mm., W 2.03
chains, X 62 deg. 30 mm., E 1.99 chains, N 22%
dec., EIS chains, N 6214 rfeg., X 3.34 chains, '.-.
59% deg., X 4.15 chains, N 57Vi deg.. X 1.01
chains to beginning, containing 1722 acres; $10.
Charlesand Xiily K. Tilden to William M. Hoog,
lot at intersection of SE line of Arlington sireet
with NW line of lands of the southern Pacific
Ituilroad Companyleading from san Jose to Sun
Francisco, being the NE point of block 36, l-'air
mount Tract, thence S\V 160, si-; 75, xc 174,
thence to beginning, portion of said block 36
--$lO.
F. S. and Teresa Wcnslnger to Patrick W. Uior
dan, lo: commencing on VV line of the new county
(Mission) road at N line of the lands of st. Mary's
College, i< 83 deg. 6 mm. W 7 chains 57 Jinks to
the old county road. N 20 deg. 30 mm. 1-: 1 chain
36 links, theuce.Sß3deg. 5 mm. E to W line of
the Dew county (Mission) road, s deg. 10 nun. \v
1 chain 33 links to beginning, containing one acre:
commencing at Intersection ol old san Jose road
with old Telegrapu 3r»r coun!y*road. 'distant 4in
miles, more or less, from old "ity Hail, thence i\
62 dog. 30 mm. W 5 chains 60 links, thence S 49
dec 15 mm. X 3 chains 85 lmlcj, N '20 deg 30
mm. E 5 chains 60 links to beginning, contafniu"
1 acre; $10. *
ALAMEDA COITXTY.
A. H, Johns (wife of C. T) to Sarah A. Henne
beiry (wife of T. P.), lot on N line of Kirn or
Twenty-fourth street, 450 W of Telegraph avenue
W 50 by N 135, being lot 44, bluck O, Kelsev
Tract. Oakland: SlO.
James A. Council to Martha Brown (wife of Jud-
Son),lOton'W lino of Chestnut street, 250 S of
Thirty s dind, 8 25 by W 127, Oakland ; $10.
Albert and Kmma Komsthoeft to Frederick
Pfeiffer. lot on X line of Chester street, 53 S\V of
Twelfth, 8 56:8 by )•: l'J5. being lots 7 and 8 and
portion of lot 9, biock 657. Chester and Center
street lots, Oakland: $10.
Kriertrieh Pfeiffer to Klizabeth Pfeiffer same
Oakland: gift.
Susan B. Whitcotnb to Annie Miller (wife of A
I c.) and Emma 11. Rosenberg twifo of c;. a.), lot ori
! S line ot Durant Itreet, 100 X of Broadwsy, i. r>o
by s Kio, portion of lot 4, Fountain place, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $5.
Annie and A. C. Miller, n. A. and Kmma H.
Bpsenberg to William P. Delaney, same: $5.
Kate Wetzel (uuardian estate of Minnie, Hattie
and Kdua Wetzel, minors) to Hnnb M. Cameron,
all mterrst In lot on W line of Ilarlan street rilti-9
NW oi IVralta, N 26 hy W IS6, bio. k 802, Watts
tract. Map 2, Oakland: $150.
Kate Wet w»l to .same, undivided five-sixths in
terest in same: .$lO.
llUKti M. and Abble Cameron to Maria J. Phil
lips, nil of same. Oakland: $10.
a. C. and Isabel O. Klneiow to James H. Ander
son, lot on N \V line of Howe street, 30 s\V of How
ard, .-\v no hy N\V 100, being lot 2, block G, Ther
mal Hill (formerly the Howe Tract), Oakland
nsliiji; $10.
A. A. link to Jules and Louise Toussaint. lot on
W line of Third street. 205 .\ of Rose, \v 188 liv N*
75. being lots 19. 20 and •_'!, block 29, Tract B,
Berkeley Lund ami' Town Improvement Associa
tion, Berkeley; $10.
Phoebe A. Putnam to George P. Putnam, lot on
N line Of .Nicol avenue, 50 X of Taylor street, X
50 by X 150, being lot* 15 and 16, block X, Xicol
Tract, Brooklyn Township: grant.
James K. iiikl Matilda A. 1 aly to Stena Olson,
lo; 8. corrected m ip of Kleetric Heigh s Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Mary A. Valline to Ellen Albin, lot 15, block
34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township: jslo.
ieorße sturteviint to Jane K. Sturtevant (execu
trix of the estate of J. \. Wehst- r), lot on N h cor
ner of Pearl street nnd lands former! \ of Clarke
and Carpentier, N 55 by E 985-6, quitclaim deed,
Alami $5.' •
Jane IS. stnrtevant (executrix of the esiate of J.
X. Webster) to U Buhr, same, Alameda: $250.
Jane K. and (Jeort;e .Stimevani et al. to same,
same. Alameda; $5.
Mutual Building and Investment Company to
W. K. Brown, lot 13. block '20, lands adjacent to
Enclnal, Aiameda; $10.
Bacon I.ntid and Improvement Company to
Charles Hasselcrrn, lot on N line of Kailroad ave
nue, 60:55 E of Third street, E 30 by N 150. being
lot 22, block A, amended mapof Haight Tract, Ala
moda: $10.
11. P. and Kmma E. Moreal to W. K. Brown, lot
on X line of Grand street, 1 18 :6 Nof Knilroiul aye*
nue, X 36:7 by E 108. block 37, town of Kncinal*
also lots 1 to 6. Bay Side Tract, Alameda: $10.
John W. Murphy to M.. It. I.yle, lo:s 10. 11 and
12, block .83, town of Alvaraao, Washington
Township: $1. . .
John 8. and Annie X. Johnson et af. (by Com
missioner) to Cosmopolitan Mutual Building
aud Land Association, lot on X line of Alcatraz
avenue 40 E of Kaymond street, X 117.02, B 40
S 120.83, W 40 to beginning, being lot 19, Handy
Tract, Oakland Township; $2144.
Charles A. and Alice t. Bailey to Edward H.
Congdon, lot on W line of Grant street, 125 X of
Virginia, N 25 by W l-'5, block 1), Kdith Tract,
Berkeley; *5. '
tilia Acheson to Maggie Fischel (wife of Ic
natz), lot on W line of Louisa street, 40 S of Berke
ley way, s -in by W 134.65, being lot 11, Twitchell
Tract, Berkeley; *100.
Joseph Warner. 11. C. and Mary K. Morris to'
Mary A. Maline, lot commencing at a point iv ceu
ter of Jones avenue, 341.64 E trom ihe intersec
tion of center of Jones avenue with center of Sun
nyside street, X 85.41 by 8 510, eontalulngl acre,
beini; the \Y half 01 lot 5, block 32, -Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thomas H. and Mary S. Dunakinet al. (by Com
missioner) to (ieorgietta \V. Blethc.-i. lots 1 ant 2.
block a. J- run vale Klectric Koad Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1848.' -< ■
William a. Bansbach, J. H. and i,oulsa Bruecker
to Hermann and Maria Dreist. lot on S line of Eagle
avenue, 184:8 E of . Chestnut' street. E 46 by S
147:8, beln?Jot 14. block 3, lands adjacent to En
cinal. Alaiueda; $10. -' . .. : .
Amanda J. and Hugh "Anderson to Mary \V.
Kiumid, lot on \V line of Morton street, 450 S of
Kinss avenue, \V 150. S Hft to E line of Fitch and
Sharon Tract, thence XX to the intersection of said
line with West Morton street, thence N llttobe-
Klnninc, portion of lot 10, block 8, I'a ilic iJind In
vestmeni Company's property at Morton-street
station, subject to right 01 way, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
rhilip Thorn with Edward Ginley, to ered •
2-story fra.ne building on N line of Bush street,
192:6 E of scott; 83316.
K. J. Baldwin with Yer i ont Marbie Company,
wainscoting, table tops, etc., to finish restaurant iti
basement Baldwin liotel.
It Made Him Talk.
A capital story is told of the way in
which a New England Ssnator was once
aroused to make a stirring speech. At the
outset of his political career he had been
known as a remarkably clever orator ol
the stump, and later on in the iower
House of ihe Legislature he made a bril
liant name for himself. But when he be
came a Senator he ceased talking, mnch to
the regret of hi 9 friends and admirers.
Finally the liquor law came up for discus
sion, and the wife of tne friend of the Sen
ator, who was much interested in its pas
sage, was disappointed to see that the
brilliant man had no apparent intention
of joining in the discussion. She sat down
and wrote a few words on a sheet cf paper
which she inclosed in an envelope and
sent by a messenger to the Senator: ''Do
speak! Even Balaam's ass spoke once!"
This brought the Senator to his feet and
elicited one of the best speeches be ever
made. — Youth's Companion.
The Azhar at Cairo is the preat univer
sity of the Mohammedan faith. It was
founded A. D. 1000, and from 10,000 to
12,000 persons are always in attendance,
gathered from all parts of Africa. There
are 321 sheiks or instructors.
THE CALI CALENDAB.
January, 1898.
6
7
8
I w.
!
1
Th. ir. Ha. „ ,''„/■
i Moon Phases.
I /7*\ Last Quarter.
1 '•i»' January 7.
0 10 : u a New Moon.
1 January 14.
16 ! 17 18 ■
First Quarter
' \JJ January 'I'l.
23 24 26 I
£2* Full Moon.
January 30.
I 30 31
:
12 i
i 18
14
16
i 20 !
I
I
19
| 21
j 22
! I
27
I 28
26
•_'9
OCEAN MKAJItKS,
Dates o* Depart ure i ri>m *:ui » rarwiscu.
HTKAMKK. ; DESTINATION j SAILS. ] IMKK.
Point lvoma. Grays Harbor. [Jan 8. 2rv\V\pr'2
Dei :\one .. Uraya Haroor. Jan- H. 3pm Pier 4
Ml Paul Newport Jan 8. !<am H«t 11
Colon t'anamn lan B.l'J m I'M 8S
Columbia... Portland. Jan 9.l()Aii j Pier 24
Corona San Diew lan 10.11 am! Pier 11
Walla Walla Vie dr Ppt SnO .Tun 10. 9am Pier 9
Pomona HumbolcU Bay Jan 10. PierS
Araco Coos May *.. Jan 10.10 am PierlS
At'ridi China* Japan Jan 10,12 m P MSS
Alameda .. Sydney Jan 10, :.'rMi Oceanic
ABlanchani Portland Jan 11. I'ier 13
Kureka Nevvuori Jan 12. Pier 11
Slate of Cat P0n1am1. ...... 14.10 am! Pier 24
SantaKosa.. Sun Diego Jan 14.11 am j Pier 11
Faraiion \ aaulna isav.. Jim 14. Bpm Pier 2
L'matllla. .. Vie .v i'j; Sn'l Jan 15. 9am Pier 9
STKAMEKS TO AltKIVt,
BTKAMKR |
ROM
| IM.-E
Mexico I San Oieco „
Crescent City... Crescent City
Araeo Coo* Bay ;
I'omona.. Hnmboiilt Jiav
Alice Blanchard fort land
iCureka. Newport.
i''!rn China and Japan
Costa Ulca IX- par* lire Bay
Mineola Tacoma
A rent a Coos Hay
City of Sydney. Panama
I'matilla i Victoria & .Pui<et Sound
Slate of Cat Portland ~
Santa Kosa. San Dleso..
City of Panama Panama
Parallon ; Yamuna liav
Wellington Departure Bay
Homer COO 3 Bay
Australia. Honolulu
Willamette Vai. Mexico.
M aui Newport.
cuv of Kverett Panama
North Fort Hum bold t Bay
Columbia Portland..
|..Jan 8
:..Jan 9
...lan 9
..Jan 9 I
!..Jan y
! ...lan H)
' ..Jaii 10
...lan 10
...lan 10
j...lan 10
..Jan 11
..lan 11
..Jan 11
...lan 1J
..Jan W :
..Jan 12
...lan 12
i . ..len 12
!...lan l:'.
■ ..Jan 13
..Jan 14 !
. Jan 14
...iHII IT)
..Jan Ifl
SUN AM) TII>K TABUS.
WATKR.II.oW WATKK.i SIN. MODS.
Small.. Lnrce Small Rises 1 Beta BUea
7.'22p, 5.48*11 1.54P, 0.40-j 726 S.OB 1 2»I
I 8.191- 6.3U; ().()(Ia 1 1 -f>J i- ?'.'s 5.09 2. 33 A
WAT
MS.
a
8.
9.
hyi>ko<;kai»hic billktix.
P Branch Hydroorapiiic Offtcf., U. S. N. 'i
M HANTS' Exciiavoe. V
San Francisco, January 7. IS9B. )
The time ball on relegrapn Hill was Uroppel
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkihtki.kr,
Lieutenant U. s. N., in charge.
SHIFPLNO INTKLLIOIE.NOK.
Arrived.
TI'ESDAY. January 7.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, ho hours from 1111a
mook, lumber, to J S Kinihall.
.Stmr Jewel, Afadsen, 18 hours from Caspar:
Sf.O M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 18 hours from
Fort Brairsj; rrties, to L£ White Lumber Co.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 23 hours from Plsmo;
produce, to Samuel Bhiir.
Shin Kenilworth. LSaker, 144 days from New
York: mds.e. to Sutton it Beebe.
Ship M P (irace ,174 days irom New York ; mdse,
to Williams, Dimond <fc Co.
Cleat eel.
■ . - ■ - ■ ■■''-
TUESDAY, January 7.
Slilp Benjamin F Packard, Mac'loon, Avon
montti: Ballour, Guthrle <fc Co.
Br ship Houtenburn, Jensen, Queenstown; GW
i McNVar.
Br ship Flinlshlrp, Williamson, Queenstown; G
! W McNeur.
Brshipßenlarlg, Beale, Cape Town; G W Mc-
Near.
llrig J D spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona;
J 1) Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Sailml.
TUESDAY, January 7.
Stmr Ran Bonito, Smith. Tncoma.
Stmr Farallqn. Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Albion. Lundqutst.
Stmr National City. Andresen. Eureka,
' stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Ship Benjamin F I'acKard, Macloon, Avon
mootti.
Br ship Beecroft. Merrier. Hul!.
Ship Spartan, Poli'.e, Seattle.
Schr Kvii. Klltgaard. Champerico
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson. Bowens .Land
ing.
sclir Guide, Olsen.
Scnr Bessie K. Anderson. Westport.
Te^ecrn»i»M ie.
POINT LOP.OS— January 7-10 p Weather
cloudy: wiuu EfE: velocity 14 uilles.
c 'lmr .
.The bktn J M (ir flith loads lumber on the Sound
for Honolulu. ;
2i>olceu. ■
Dec 15— Lat 6 S. long 33 \V, Br ship Sierra Xc
i vada, hence Sept 12, for Plymouth.
I'er ship Konilwonh— Nov 26 — Lat 25 48 S. lons
i 89 W. Br ship Andrada, from Liverpool, for Asto
! ria.
Dec 27-Lat 34 40 N. loiis 134 20 W. Br bark In
i versnaid.from Newcastle, N'SW, for San Francisco:
all well.
Dec '-'9 I>at 37 N, lone 133 W, ship M P Grace,
I from New York, for San Francisco; all well.
. Jan 6— About HO miles \V of Farallones was
! Again in company with the M P Grace, also spoke
i the ship Edward O'Brien from New York, for San
j Francisco, and m!ho saw seven other ships and
| barks all bound in. Names unknown.
| Miscellaneous.
LONDON— Jan 7— Br ship Larglemore* hence
i Aug '_'3, grounded. Unsuccessful attempts bavn
been made to get her off. Will have to lighten to
get off.
.. '■ . V Domestic Ports.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 7— Schr Emma Clau
dina. from Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 7-Stmr Pomona, hence
i Jan t>
; CoyriLLK RIVER-Arrived Jan Schr Liz
zie I'rieD, hence Dec '^6.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrlved Jan 7— ltal ship Ca
vonr, from Callao.
IVERSEXS LANDING-Arrlved Jan 7-Schr
Ocean bpray, hence Jan 2.
BOWENS LANDING-Arriveci Jan 7-Stmr
•Westport. hence Jan 6: schr Chetco, hence Jan 5.
FORT BKAGG-Sailect Jan 7-Stmr Cleoner for
San Francisco. '
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Jan 7-Stmr al
catraz. for San Francisco.
; SANPKDRO-baile«l Jan 7-Bktn KaUe Flick
| iiiKer. for Puget Sotuul. . ."
COOS P.AY-Arnved Jan 7-Stmr Arcata, hence
Jan s;stnir Emplro, hence Jan 4.
■ bailed Jan 7— stmrs Alice Blanchard and Araco
for San Francisco. •<"«»*>".
POUT gamble- Arrived Jan 7-Bktn Discov
. J cry, hence Dec '.'7; schr Joseph Uuss, hence Dec
Foreisn Ports.
f ronOI 1 Sa G n~ Arri JaD 6 ~" t!er bark Triton
o^ove^^a-c^r 6 ' 1 23 ~ Br
BSteSf aed Jan 4 - B ' ™»
S Ql-KKNSTnWN-SKil-rtJan 4-Br shI D Snek-P
for tWO0<l: Jan - Brslli Orthel, for West-
P°"v , •-■...
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steira'a'rs.
Bremen YOKK - Salled JaD 7 Strnr ..'Ems. for
nj MARs£iLLE9-Arrtved out Jan 6-Stm Brltan-
VILLE- Arrived out Jan 6-Stmr Anchorla.
QUKENSTOWN-Arnved out Jan 6— Slmr Teu-
' HAMBUK(}-Arrivea out .lan 6-Stnir Moravia.
BREMEKHAVKX-Salled Jan 6-Strur blut
(^AWA»3wW»l6-«M Kaiser Wll
h'lyniTKr-s^u»n 6-Stmr Kensington.
f °i r7 S VRI^PHMed J*n 7-Stmr Amsterdam, frm
N>w York-! for" i ; .»:'enl ; un: stmr Havel, from >e«r
York, ior Bremen.
1 ini>ort«itions.
TACOMA- For Walla Walla— loß cs tallow, IC3
coffteTlOM i-ii.s Rreen bi !os. 1 bbl Ink. 2 cs Uouey,
700 bars huliion. 1 hair skins. 1 pa C Oth n*.
■iv ,'„,,. west of ar o-Hii sks mill feerl. 318.2
B v«Yar™y. 500 qr-sks 939 hf-sks Hour. 385 sks
W Tacoma east Oi Fargo-lOU bdls broom h ™*}™-
Kv<-rett-l v.. corfee. l cs mdse, 800 bars bullion.
290 bd-is paper. '2124 bdls shooks.
Anaeortes— sks oats. »_i,™i
Vancouver via C P R R-139 cs hats. 1 rs trav«r -
ing bags. 7ft c.s cteare:t?s, Bcs hamos, 2t Dales
leather. I bdl fiber. 1 w advertising: matter, 3» bala
ba-s. 480 cs ondensed milk. 1 bdl Scs tobacco.
1 "■•Ki.-iuro IJav— 7o6 tons coal.
Seattle— l bx smoked halibut. loßsks oats, 5 i>bls
1000 cs salmon, 8 i cs Chinese nirtse. 2 3ks nuts, a
dry iroods. Seitobitcoo. 1 bale rubber n*e, n
iik'.'s express, - pkRS coin.
Seattle via 0 N H Ei-230 sks flour.
l J ortTo\vnsend-530 cs salmon, 2 pkers express.
Dooslass Island— l pkg bullion, 4 tixn fur.
Janean-1 pks bullion. 1 pkg sold dusc.
Wrangel 23 bbU is hf-hbls sulmon, a bdls neer
and seal skins.  , _
\'ictoria-l bbl oil, -111 bdls salt hides, lpM
coin. H psgs express. • _
Victoria via N PSS Co— lo9 bales gunnies, 50J
bales lute. ,
l»lsMO-l'er Rival— l3sß sks beans. " sks wool,
4087 sks barley, 10 ions bones, 1 l>dl pelta, 1000
siis rock.
Consignees.
Per Rival— A Pallies: II IHitanl: S P MilllnEr<'o;
Jonas Krlancer it Co: Baasett A Hunker: .lonian
Bituminooa Hock Pnvln* Co; Norton Tanning Co;
Slnstaelmerßros; Grangers' Business Assn: \V I£
Yatfs; A Hna.l.
Per Walla Walla— London and San Francisco
Bank: Leonard & Ellis: Wells, Fargo «V- Co; Her
man Waldeck; hank of California; Judson Powder
Co; Anglo-etklifornla Bank; Sawyer Tanning Co;
Gnbert, Clements A bon ; CrMCo: Southern
Pacific Co; .1 X Armsby .t Co: American I nfon
Fish Co: Frederlckßbarjf Brewery: Brokow Bros;
Getz Bros it Co: Mnrphy. Grani & Co. Orexon ini|i
• '<>: Wielond Brewinu ( o: Wellnian, I'eck it Co; 81
Charles Condensed Milk Co: Kevere KuliberL'o: i*
Berwin; American Tobacco Co; California Utue
Works; Main <k Winchester; TnestACo; Harry
lnn:i: Bissincer«.t Co: TUlmann A- Bendel W 11
tttcbardson; Bel by Smelting and Lead Co; Pacific
Manne Supply Co: H Dntard : .1 CJ Adams; Demlnc;
-I'almer Milt Co; California Brnom MfffCo; 'lhoj
Watson: Allen & Lewis; CJ Leisi >t Co; California
Ink Co: Dairymen's Union; Chambers, Price dk Co:
Hutchinson & Sou.
TnUlllaenct s,r FMrrnth Van".
OCJEAir STEAMSHIPS-'
PACIFIC COAST STEABSBIP OOMPAH
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
E*irat elites. S&S. QO
Second Claaa ■■ 6SOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— \ Sew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, FERKi.N'si CO.,
Ueneral Ageata.
ASTORIA AfiIIORTLAHDL
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Fop reservations call at li* Mout-
goinery street.
Columbia sails ....January 9
Slate of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PEBKINK A CO., Oenl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, neral AsenU
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO3IPAH
j CTBAMEUR WILL SAII, FROM /J-«
j O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as .SSSsHiS
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorinr. Wrangel. Janenn. Kil-
llsr.oo and Sitka (Alaska), ac V a. U., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vanoouvor iR. O. Port Town-
nf-nd. Seattle. Tacoraa, Everett, Anncortes and New
! Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. *.
j Jan. 5, 10. ID, SU, '25, 80, and every fifch
! day tnereafter. connecting at Vancouver w'.tli
the C. I*. K. R., at Tacorua with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with U. S. Ry., at Pon 'f ownsend witb
Alaska steamers. '
For Kureka, Arcata n.v\ Fields Laiidln; (Ham-
liolii; Hay) sir. Pomona, '2 p. m., .lun. V, 6, 10, 14,
18. 182. •_'«, SO, and every fonrth day thereafter.
For Panta Cruz. Monterey, Pan SlmeoTi. Cayucoi,
. Port Harlord (San Lais Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. F.ust >au
; Pedro (Los Angeiesi ana riewpord al 9 a. m.. Jan.
4. >*. 12, 16, •_'(). 21, "28, and every fourth day
' thereafter.
For San Dieco. stopping only at l*o-t Ilarford
I (Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, 1'or; Lo»
AnKei e Rertoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m." Jan. 2, ti. 10. 14, 18. 22, 28. 30, aad every
fourtli day thereafter.
For Ensfloada, San Jose del Cabo, Muzatian, L,a
Paz, Altata and CJuayrna^ (Mexico), s:r. Willam-
ette Valley, H) a. ii.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
CiOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Gen'l A «nt».
10 Market at.. Saa Francisco.
OCEJUG STEA3ISIHP COIFAIY.
ijDlflTUfc. Coolgaxdie cold ti*»i
VS^TtO .A- (Freemantle). Anstra-
iwi HntW*.;, n " : *-'-'° lir^ class,
Sm<y n -Noi IIL * no steerage. i-owcst
/qlw^&!&££l!2g£igi~* rates to Capetown,
jumUlT^k >ol: Africx
tj&W/ ■7?t i " \^^ Australian steamer,
tig[[ V^S&9<*lfS Honolulu and Auclc-
ym A -Wl^^/JQri l:l "''- Krday, .I.ul
Steamship Australia.
Honolulu only, I'm s-
'^Qf*jj^zZi^^r day. lan mry 2 li at 10
Ppkcial Paiitiks.— Reduced special rates for
parties Fen. b aud lj, j8 i..
Ticket olhce. 114 Montcomery street.
Freight ottice, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS &. BROS.. General Agents.
COIPIGmECEfERJIBTRIXSATIAJraQDE
Freucli Line to Havre.
COMPANY'B PIER (NEW), >RTH J&rn
\J Uivcr, foot of Mor;on st. Travelers by c533f
this line a^oid both transit by Kn^lisn rall.viivaua
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smatl
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
flrst-class second class. $116. "
LA Ai.NK, (apt. lUipe
January 11
LA OASCOUKE, Capt. Baudelon *
January 18, ..
LA ( II.\.MI'A".n B, Capt. Polrot ""
...January 25, .
LABOURGOGNE, Cant. Leboeuf .""*"
Febmnry 1
K3T For further particulars apply to
-."v- •:•"" A. PORUKT, Agf>nt.
t v t.-,- A^°-. Bow l>»S C.rr-on, New York.
J. P. FUGAZJ «fe ( 0.. Agenis, 5 Montgomery
avenue, >nn Francisco.
TYHiTE_STAU USE.
Cnlted States and Royal Hall Steamers
New
rjABIN.*6O AXDCPWARn, ACCORD- „ .
V^ in; o steamer and accoinra.xlat.Ons ■££%
l^itonx JB6. Steemjei ickets from R^SmA Vr P
through to Francisco at fo^ert mi "tuSm "
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL U\l STEAI PACKET COJIPAST.
QTEAMMS LEAVE ASPINWALL >**o_
O fortnightly for the West Indies and "Qt«a
Fo;ithßm]>ton. calling en route at - Ctrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
ThroiiKh bills of ladtng, In connection' v.-lth tb«
Facilic Mail s. s. Co., issued for freight a:d treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from s*an Francisco to Plymouth
Cherboure, Southampton. First cUkss $195; thirl
QlMa, $97 50. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT <fe CO., A-Vnts,
'-'■'■■ ■ 306 California SU
STOCRTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S>
At fi P. M Ua.ij. fcUe.pt Suu.lay?'*
IW Accommodations Reserved by Telephone!
STKAKJEK :
T. C. Walker. ,J. i>. Peter,
Mary <iarratt. City of Stockton
Telephone U»in 305. <•..,. Nrv and , uID . K^ Bl
VALLEJO AIM MARE ISLAM).
STK. 3IO?fTICKLLO,
DoUy, except Punday-,10 a. it. 4 » 'W
esu naay— B p. m. *
.^ ZABdlna:. Mission 1. pi, a(Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
WAS TOLD TO ACT CRAZY.
How De Costa Says Judge Frick
Was Deceived by a
Guardian.
PARTED WITH HIS MONEY.
A C ever Scheme Exposed by Which
It Was Hoped He Would Re
gain Possession of It.
>an Francisco Call,)
- Broaaway, Jan. 7. \
A very remark) . was told Judge
Frick this morning during the proceedings
Be [gnacio at Costa restored to
.ty.
. tew months ago De Costa was pos
v.■iili which he intended to
. ■ ; and spend the remainder
of bis day- in : : s Dative land. Before
•rever, he met Martin Wences-
I that he persuaded the
'ortaguesa to remain In Oakiand, and
:! he would turn over his money to
Wencealow, the latter would provide him
a comfortable home for the rest of liis
Not many days after De Costa had
1 arted ,\ith his money and Wenceslow had
put him out of his house.
At this stage of the proceedings J. Mar
tin appeared on the scene. He told De
Costa that the only way he could get his
money back would "be by beirs; declared an
incompetent. Martin said that he would
see to the proceedings, a:nl in the cour>oof
tiir.e the application to be declared incom
petent was liled, and -ifter a hearing before
Judge Frick. Martin was appointed guar
dian of the oid man.
To Keep the plan from being discovered
De Costa commenced to lose his memory
and suddenly exhibited evidence of a
failing mind. After a time he became
tired of being treat«J as in imbecile while
his riiind was as strong as ever and he told
the story to two of his friends. His attor
neys had a petition on hand to have De
Costa restored to competency, and were
ready to proceed against Wenceslow in a
civil suit, v ben they beard of the fraud.
' The petition was on the calendar for this
morning and when De Codta's friends,
Gregory^ Zeilick md J. Silva, told the story
as they had heard it from the old man,
Judge Fr:ck ordered' the Sheriff to produce
J. Martin, that he mi^ht explain his ac
tions. In addition to these witnesses, Rose
Andre, a niece, who lives with De
Costa' s family, testified that she had never
seen anything in her uncle's actions that
would iead her to believe that he was in
.sane ur that he was in «ny way unable to
take care of his lirs.
The investigation will be continued to
morrow morning and Martin will have an
opportunity to explain his position in the
Complication.
WHAT IS POKER?
Kxpert* Di««u*sth« "Draw" an Distinct
l'roiu Other Kinds of Poker.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.— About a
monti: ago four young fellows named B. A.
Turner, George Meader, P. Lestrange and
J. Cahill were arrested charged with
{.'ambling. The arrests were mad< in a
saloon conducted by Pete O'Brien and J.
Cahill, one of the defendants, at Twelfth
and XVcbster streets, by rgeant Hodpkins.
Ti'ej are beeping to v-l;.. c convicti • on
the plea that they piayed only '-draw
poker." The State law enumerates a lot
of cames amu:i» those prohibited, but
makes no mention of poker. On this they
claim that "draw" poker is not, gambling '
according to the law.
George C. Kaufman, city expert and
private secretary to Mayor Davie, was
called as a witness in behalf of the prose
cution. He was asked if he had not gone
ts Serjeant Hodgkins and said Cahill, one
of the defendants, was a friend of his,
that Cahill had told him the party were
playing a certain banking game. Kauf
man denied making such statement,
but said he had told Sodcjkins that Cahill
had said they were playing "draw" poker.
Serpeant HoagKins took the stand and
swore that Kaufman did say that Cahill
tolci him they were playing said game.
The defendant also took the stand and
swore they were playing "draw" poker.
An out^.der, however, swore that they
were playing the other kind of poker. The
defendant's attorney argued that even were ,
it proved the men were playing horse
poker it would have to be shown it was a
!>ercentage or banking game to make it
gambling under the law. Prosecuting At
torney Meivin opposed such an argument,
claiming the law named the game and not
the way it was piayect to be a gambling
game.
Judge Wood accepted the latter view,
but withheld his final decision upon the
men until to-morrow.
THE KIRKHAM SKELETON.
It* Dry Bones Are Given Another Rat-
tie in Court.
OAKLAND, Cai,., Jan. 7.— The third pe
tition within a year to have appointed a
guardian of the person and estate of Kate
Kirkham was filed to-day. Mrs.
Kirkhani is the widow of the late R. W.
Kirkham, and desires to have her daugh
ter. Mr?. Kate Kirkham Wheeler, to be
named as ruch person. Mrs. Kirkham has
.nterest in certain real and personal
property in Oakland and San Francisco.
'1 he petition alleges that she is unable by
reason of olti age and physical infirm it y to
_-c her property and to take care of
?. It is presented by Attorney Kirk
ham Weight at her request.
It was about a year ago that the late
ive L. Mix, a brother of Mrs. Kirk
applied for letters inship.
•iTilic:ition was afterward dismissed,
and when Lady Leilah Yarde-Bulli
rived from England she Bled :i petition for
This was foujht by the family
some undesirable notoriety wag
tened, as h.*r ladyship demanded a
. " 'of the estate.
nally induced to return to Eng
ind to promise to stay away from
. :,ia.
Some months a o the death of Lady
Yarde-Buller was -reported, but it turned
out to be her husband's mother who had
died • stead of her ladyship. Mrs. Kirk
ham is at present living with berdaueh
ter; who is ho wife of Dr. J\ VY. Wheeler,
on Oak and Eighth streets. There is an
other daughter in the East. The estate is
worth upward of : a!f a million dollars.
The applicacion will be heard Tuesday,
January 14, before Judge Greene.
NAUGHTY BCHOZ.ABS.
Tli«- High StudeiitH Played Football in
tile I.iiicliliioiu.
::i.ANJ). Cal., Jan. 7.— The- Oakland
High - 'ar.led over the
i ' ! ;< Board of Education lastevemng
which are altogether ungentle
ruanJy, to U lift* been found
:!jat the new Hi b .-m-!io<.l building, w-iich
. ly been occupi d one year, has been
lefaced !>y the young
Ln a room ret apart for the u-e of
; I 'orapaoy it bad been
: tiala cut into the
window-framea and canes stuck into the
During ihe last term the boys ;
. in 1 beir m and aid other
b to mar the building. A.nother com
plaint u.adv ia that the street gamins are
ting on the cinder track in front of
the structure during class hours and make
*o much noise that it interferes with the
class work. It was feared it would be a
nuisance to the entire community. The
principal ard janitor were requested to
look atter school property more carefully
in the future and the young men were
notified to repair all damage at their own
expense at once or there would be no more
favors shown them by the board.
ALLEGED BRIBERY.
A Trial of an ImHctmojit Auainst a
Kailroail Detective.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.-George H.
Kelloßn, the ex-detective of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, who W33 indicted by a
Grand Jury a year ago on a charge of at
tempting to secure a bribe, is to be tried.
The trial was begun in .Judge Greene's de
partment of the Superior Court to-day.
The whole session was consumed in secur
ing a jury.
Geor-e Savage and PhiJ Brown were ar
rested at the pier by Keiloge on a charge
of bavins picked a woman's pocket of a
purse containing $180. Brown secured a
bond and disappeared, while Savage has
never been tried owing to tue complaining
witness hav:n? none to Honolulu.
Savage's uncle is a bookmaker in San
Francisco. He told the Grand Jury that
KelJogg offi-red to "'square" Savage's case
in the Superior Court, where he was
charged with grand larceny, for $200. A
number of incriminating letters, signed
"Boston," are said to have been written
by Kellogg to Savage. The latter is said
to be a young man of unsavory reputation
in San Francisco police circles.
Lamb May Recoxer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.— Thomas
Lamb, the ex-convict who was shot by
Oihcer Lee Andrews yesterday noon while
attempting to escape, is resting easy to
night. He is a confirmed "liend" and" the
>urgeons who are attending his case
have given him large doses of
"dope" to keep him quiet last night, but
he kept up constant groans and yells of
pain. To-day ha has rested easier and
been more docile.
A consultation by Drs. Dunn, Hamlin
and Johnson was held this afternoon, and
it was decided the ball had not penetrated
the bowels, as at first believed. It was de
cided that no operation was necessary at
present, but it would be better to await de
velopments for several days and see how
matters would turn out. There is danger
of peritonitis as long as the bullet remainß
in the vital portion of the body.
Oflßcer Andrews is greatly distressed
over the serious nature of the wound. He
said to-day he regretted extremely the re
sult of his shot, but believed he was doing
nothing more than his full duty in bring
ing Lamb down after the prisoner had been
warned to stop several times and disobeyed
the commands. Lamb apparently believed
Andrews was only running a bluff, or he
would have stopped instead of replying
with an oath and continuing his flight.
School Enrollmeut.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.— The enroll
ment of pupils on the first day of the term
shows a larse increase over that of last
year. The number in each school is as
follows: High School, 779; Prescott
School, 855; Cole School, 830; Swett School,
236; Lafayette School, 724; Grant School,
215; Durant School, 806; Harrison School,
256; Clawson School. 442; Grove School,
165; Tompkins School, 402; Lincoln
School. 820; Franklin School, 520; Garficld
School, 571. Total, 7653.
More Milk .Raids.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 7.-Milk In
spector Pierce continued his inspection of
milk wagons this morning, but although
he examined nearly a score throughout
the day only one was found that did not
come up to or above the standard.
HISTOKX OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Short Chapter*.
Oakla>t> Office Bak Pbascxsco Calx,,?
908 Broadway, Jan. 7. \
To-day incorporation papers were filed with
County Clerk Jordan Incorporating the Oak
land Exposition.
The place for holding the public exercises of
installation of A. P. A. officers has been
changed from Masonic Temple to Hamilton
Hall.
The Police and Fire Commissioners will meet
this afternoon, but nothing will be done re
garding a change in the head of the Fire
Department.
A meeting of the Republican County Central
Committee has been called for next Saturday
aiternoon in Judge Allen's courtroom at 2
o'clock. The call Bas been issued by Chairman
Mautalen.
Members and attendants of the Second Con
gregational Church are invitPd to the farewell
sen ices to the pastor, Frank E. Hinckley. The
services will be held on Wednesday evening
next at 7 :45 o'clock.
Sammy McCrea, a 14-year-old youngster,
whose parents are unable to control him, has
been committed to the Preston School at [one.
His mother eald he would run away from
home, %tay out all night and would not go to
school.
A chattel mortgage was recorded to-day by
Maggie Ranch, wife of Henry Rauch, to secure
Jeremiah Moonau of tan Francisco on some
furniture including a piar.o at 530 Natonaa
street for the loan of $75 with interest at 7 per
cent dit month in advance or 84 per cent per
annum.
G. W. Puckett, a driver for the Standard Oil
Company, was arrested this morning on the
charge oi drivinpr a heavily loaded wagon over
the boulevard. This is the second arrest for
this offense and Street Superintendent Miller
.-.ivs he has sworn out warrants for three or
four more parties yet.
J. H. Brown, a man about 65 years of age,
was found deEd in his bed at the Girard Hotel,
room 40. about 3:15 o'clock this afternoon.
He had been complaining 61 great nervousness
of late. There were no evidences of suicide.
The deceased had resided here eleven and a
half years, and was not engaged in business.
He has folks residing at Fresno.
THE PUGILISTIC (AHyiVAL.
Stuart Hag Arranged Interesting Contests
for El I' no.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 7.— Dan A. Stuart
finished all details for his El Paso pu
gilistic carnival this evening, and will
depart for Ei Paso at 6 o'clock to-morrow
morning:. He said to-night:
"I received official notice to-day from
Sam Austin that Leeds had signed to fight
Evorhart at the lightweight limit.
"Everhart was very anxious for, and
aiming directly at a match to a finish with
Lavlgne, but so far as I am concerned, 1
am satisfied with Leeds. I leave for El
Paso in tiie morning, and will remain
there until this carnival has been brought
to i successful end. I have four tights now
signed, and within two days will nave one
more, and all of them wilfju-ep the public
guessing the winner until the fateful ten
has been counted."
Connelly and Dime.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 7.— Ednie
Connelly, the New Brunswick lightweight
pugilist, will arrive here to-morrow for his
fight with Jimmy Dime at the Cleveland
Athletic Club Friday night. The fi . ht is
a: L 33 pounds for a purse and side state.
Dime has been in training here and to
ri isrht weighed 132 pounds, and is in the
pink of condition. A damper was put on
the Connelly enthusiasm to-day, however,
when (icor<:e Lamore offered $5000 on
Dime at even money. The fiyht is the
biugest betting affair ever brought to an
i-sue liere.
■xiicide oj 'a I'utjilitt.
DALIiAS. Tex., Jan. 7. — Jamea E.
Thompson, known in sporting circles
throughout the country as "Denver
Jimmy," committed suicide at the Mc-
Leod Hotel last night by taking morphine.
He v as en route to New Orleans andJeck
■ouvilie, Fla., to spend the winter and
stopped over in Dallas on Thursday last to
see Mime old sporting friends. lie went on
a big spree yesterday.
Oriental names ending in "an" have an
accent almost invariably on the last sylla
ble, as Teheran, Beloochistan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
MORE MIXED THAN EVER.
The Council Passes Measures
That Override the Mayor's
Objections.
CONTRACTORS ARE WARNED.
All the Municipal Departments Come
in Contact With the Dollar
Tax Limit.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
90S Broadway. Jan. 7. j
It is very evident, after last night's
meeting of the City Council, that there is
to be a bitter political warfare between the
Mayor and the city's chief administrative
body so long as they continue in office.
No possible opportunity is ignored by
either side to lire at the other, and the re
sults are now beginning to be seen. The
Mayor, anxious to prove that a dollar tax
is sufficient to run the city economically,
will not sign any requisition that he does
not feel certain is necessary, and an at
tempt to take this power away from him a
few months ago failed for want of votes.
As no requisition can be legally supplied
without the signature of the executive
the city's expenditure was checked for a
time at the pi asure of the Mayor.
To Chief of Police Lloyd belongs the
credit of having discovered a way to cir
cumvent, the situation and arrive at the
desired end by other means. "I felt con
vinced," said Chief Lloyd to-day, "that
there must be a clause in the charter that
provides for just such an emergency. I
read carefully till I came to a section that
distinctly confers upon the Council the
power to make such requisitions. I re
ferred the matter to the City Attorney, and
he told me I was right, so I had to show
the Mayor that his unwarrantable inter
ference with the Police Department would
not be tolerated. George Kaufman, whose
standing I know not, was behind the rail
of the Police Office on Saturday, and 1
ordered him to move out unless he showed
me an authorization that he was sent by
the Mayor in the capacity of an expert."
After the Chief of Police had successfully
enlisted the sympathy and action of the
Council against the Mayor, Superintendent
of Streets Miller tried his band with equal
success. Councilman Bajsett, the tried
friend of the Mayor, gave some figures
that required an" expFanation from Mr.
Miller. When the Perry-street sewer was
ordered to be repaired Miller sent a requi
sition to the Mayor, calling for supplies
amounting to $312 50. When the job was
linishfd the material consumed footed up '
$126 87. This, Bassett said, was a fair
sample of the judgment shown in the
street Department. The Council accepted
Mr. Miller's explanation that what was '
not used on one job would oe used on the
other, and granted new supplies under the
same section of the charter by which the
CLief of Police had been accommodated.
The peculiar part of the requisitions con
sists of the fact that th«»y were passed by
the Board of Works, of which the Mayor
is a member, and then tarried in the
Mayor's office.
"if those supplies are granted without
my signature, 1 ' said the Mayor this morn
ing," there will be a lot of trouble, and 1
warn contractors against supplying them.
As a matter of fact, the present condition
of affairs at the City Hall is the veriest
kind of farce. The "Council has under
taken to break me politically by expend
ing all the money they can, aiid by this
means prove that the dollar tax fs not
sufficient for the city's needs. When I
try to check them by "refusing to sign ex
travagant requisitions they try to get
around it another way. One-haff the city
officials do not know their duty and the
other half is run by their friends. The
situation is absolutely funny, if it were not
serious. It is not easy at this stage of the
game to predict the end."
CONTROLLING THE LIGHT
Berkeley Still Wondering Over
the Electric Company
Changes.
Mrs. Carpmkel's Sad Condition—Cres
cent Club Election— Campus
Fund.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 7.— The Berke
ley Electric Lighting Company is no
longer an institution controlled by the
citizens of the town for their own self
comfort and accommodation.
It is a mystery to the people of Berkeley
just how the old Block company, of which
J. George Gardner was the primogenitor,
gained such absolute control of the insti
tution which was primarily formed for the
purpose of furnishing lighting service to
the residents of Berkeley at the lowest pos
sible rate, but which has been converted
into a business for the benefit of a few.
The extensive transfer of stock to the Oak
land company has been the cause of much
comment, especially among those who
were interested in the founding of tho
original system, and every one is watch
ing with anxiety to see what move the
capitalists who now have it under control
will make. No changes have yet been re
ported in the management, but there
seems to exist much apprehension alonj,
the line.
President Britton, who was elected last
night, visited Berkeley, and spent part of
the morning in examining the books of
the old company.
Crescents Elect Officers.
BERKELEY. Cat.., Jar.. 7.— The annual !
eiectioiijof othcers of tne Crescent Athletic
Club took place la?t evening. Piior to the
election the reports of officers for the year
iust closed were read. In President Jvlik
klesen's report it was stated that on Janu
ary 1. 1895. the membership of the club
was 35, and that during the year the roll
was increased to 128. The gymnasium ap
paratus was increased materially by the
purchase of bars, dumbbells, Indian clubs,
Doxing gloves and other acc-*sories.
Treasure:- Wilcox stated that lie had re
ceived during the year $1195 S3 and ex
pended $1028*03, leaving a cash balance on
hand of $37 80. Following is the list of the
newly elected officers: President, H. D.
Keisey; vice-president, S. H. Metoalf; re
cording secretary, VV. H. G jinpertz; treas
urer, Frank McClftin ; financial secretary
W. H. Hone; leader, G. L. Wilcox; held
captain, J. Armstrong; cycling captain,
F. li. Wiikins; directors— C. Mikklesen,
A. L. Stamper, l»r. C. Anthony and A. B.
Quackenbush.
Deserted by Her Husband.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.-Mr 3 . E. C.
Carpmael, who was deserted by her hus
band several months ago after an unsuc
cessful attempt to have her sent to the
insane asylum, is i ow in straitened cir
cumstances, and has made en appeal for
assistance, offering several fancy articles
to b<- raffltd. The Carpmael case elicited
much attention last May when the lady
appeared before Judge Ogden on a charge
of insanity preferred by her husband, who j
was at that time a student in Toiand Mcdi- I
cal College. Judge Ogdeu decided that I
there wag no case against Mra. Carpmael,
and it was generally believed that Carp
mael's actions were part of a plan to se
cure a divorce.
Later she was deserted by her husband,
who is believed to have returned to Eng
land, whence he came to California after
graduating from the University of London
in 1892. Since her desertion Mrs. Carp
mael has been seriously ill, and recently
she has been attempting to maintain her
children by canvassing.
Board of Education.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.— The Board
of Education met last evening and trans
acted a large amount of routine business.
Bills to the amount of $1507 20 were
ordered paid. The position of truant
officer was declared vacant, after a heated
discussion. Miss C. Germania Potevin
was appointed teacher in charge of the
Rose-street school without increase of
salary.
Principal Waterman reported the enroll
ment and attendance at the four East
Berkeley schools for the present month as
foilows: Number enrolled, 1275; daily
attendance, 11G7. High school, enrolled,
280; daiiy attendance, 274, making a total
enrollment of 1555, anu a daily attendance
of 1441.
Principal Warnick of the West Berkeley
schools reported a total enrollment of 459
and a daily attendance of 412.
Slow but Certain.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.— The sub
scriptions to the $1000 fund to be used in
furnishing electric apparatus for lighting
the university grounds, according to the
plan of Regent Reinstein, are coming in
very slowly. Thus far only $(i3O ims been
subscribed, the latest contribution being
that of Professor Soule, who gave $5.
Though newly three weeks have passed
since the list was put into circulation
headed by a subscription from F. M. Wil
son, and though only $130 has been raised
since, yet Regent Reinstein states that he
has implicit faith that the citizens of
Berkeley will subscribe the balance re
quired.
Condition of John R. Perkins.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.— John R.
Perkins, the victim of Albert Munzen
meyer's pistol shot at Lorin on Christmas
eve, has been removed from the Oakland
Receiving Ilosnital to the home of his
sister, Mrs. J. C. Rodgers, on Ellsworth
street. Perkins' friends entertain strong
hopes of nis recovery, bat the physicians
state that under the best of circumstances
it will be a considerable length of time
before he can go about his business again.
Death of Mrs. Hennessy.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.— Mra. C.
Hennessy died at her residence on Dwight
way last night of consumption. She was
a native of England and came to Berkeley
many year 3 ngo. Tne funeral will take
place from her late residence to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock under the auspices
of trie Episcopal church.
Installation of Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 7.— Berkeley
Lodge, No. 1941, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, will install their officers for the
coming year next Monday evening. The
grand protector, grand treasurer and
grand lecturer of the State are expected to
be present.
A TEMPORARY BUILDING
Alameda Proposes to Erect One
to Be Used for Its Public
Library.
No More Indiscriminate Shooting to
Be Allowed on Bay Farm
Island.
ALAMEDA, Cai., Jan. 7.— The Board of
Library Trustees met in monthly session
last night. For several months, or ever
since the decision was arrived at not to
put the library in the new City Hall, an
effort has been made to build a splendid
$20,000 building by private subscription
and guarantee, bat the undertaking was
too large a one and is now temporarily
abandoned, and instead it is proposed to
erect on the lot purchased years ago for
the purpose a wooden building about 50x80
in size to serve temporarily until such
time as a permanent and pretentious
building may be erected. The temporary
building will not be unsightly as to architec
ture. It will stand on its lot without an
exposure, and will be fqually safe as to nre
as the present library quarters are. It is
estimated that it 3 cost will about equal
the rent of the present quarters for two
years, or $2000. It is planned so that,
when built, it will not be interfered with
when the large fire-proof building is
finally erected. The latter may be built
over and around it.
During the past month 427 volumes were
added to the library.
Now Athletic Grounds.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 7-— The direc
tors of the Acme Athletic Club of Oak
land, which, however, has a very large
Alameda contingent in its membership,
are negotiating with the directors of the
Southern Pacific Company for the lease of
enough of the marsh land west, of Webster
stret't roadway and near the ship-building
yards on Oakland Creek. The marsh has
here, to a considerable extent, been filled
in by the dumping of sand upon it from
the dredge at work in the cieek channel.
On bunday a sort of test of the grounds
will be made by playing a baseball game
on them. It was decided to close the ne
gotiations if favorable enough and to pro
ceed with the improvement of the grounds.
If a lease is> secured it will be for ten
years and the grounds be put in order.
Among other tilings it is proposed
to put in a bicycle track. This
would .seem to show that the old Schuet
zen Park, which so many supposed wa:<
the objective point of all efforts to estab
lish athletic grounds here, is not the lo
cation desired by the athletes.
Shooting Prohibited.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 7. — It is now a
misdemeanor to shoot game on the
marshes of Bay Farm Island. Amateur
hunters, mostly" from San Francisco, were
in the habit of visiting the island in great
numbers and shooting at dncks and rail in
the most reckless manner. It got so thai
it was daofterooa to travel on the island
roads, especially on Sunday. The hunters
were lawless also in shooting at every tiling
in sight besides the game that abounds.
The globes on the electric lights were
several times shot to pieces. Some of the
inhabitants petitioned for the restraining
ordinance, but when the Municipal Board
got ready to enact it some other inhabi
tants protested. The board overruled the
protest by a vote of 3 to 1 and the ordi
nance i-- now in force. •
Mills College Opened.
MILLS COLLEGE P. 0., Alameda
County, Cal.. Jan. 17.— Mills College re
opened yesterday with good numbers. The
corps of teachers remained unchanged. It
was feared for a time that Miss Ege, who
has charge of the mathematics, would be
obliged to leave on account of tlia death of
friends, but it has been arranged that she
is to remain. The r;nnor setting abroad
thai she might possibly leave, thirty-four
applications were madu for the place,
thirty of them coming from the East.
Most of the teachers have remained at
Mills College during vacation, as they are
welcome to do, and have been attending
the Teachers' Association in Oakland.
I'oxt maulers Conjinntd.
WASHINGTON, D. C Jan. 7.— The
Senate to-day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations of post
masters: New Mexico, P. K. Matthews,
Raton; Montana, A. P.Bowie, Piiiliips
burg; J. H. Bradley, Hanjilton; W, E.
Doweil, Missoui3.
READY TO BUY THE BONDS
Morgan's Syndicate Yet Intact
and Will Soon Make
a Bid.
AWAITING AN OPPORTUNITY.
Treasury Officials Watch With Inter
est the Renewed Attack on
the Gold Reserve.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 7. -There were
no new developments in regard to the pro
posed $100,000,000 Government popular
loan to-day and the more prominent bank
ers, as usual, were not disposed to talk
freely on the matter.
The Morgan syndicate, according to
good authorities, is still intact and will,
in all probability, make a bid for the bonds
at the proper time. A feature which at
tracted attention this morning was the en
gagement of $2,000,000 for shipment to
Europe by to-morrow's steamers. It was
said that as much more will probably go
on Saturday.
Fears are entertained that the further
withdrawals for foreign account might
start tip a demand from possible bidders
for the new loan. There is no way to pre
vent this.
The Belmont-Morean syndicate, it will
be remembered, expressly stipulated that
the gold for the bonds should not come
from the treasury. There were the usual
rumors of an issue of Clearing-house loan
certificates, but Manager Sherer of the
Clearing-house states that no application
has been received from any of the banks.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.-The
treasury officials are watching with keen
interest the renewed attack on the gold
reserve and do not hesitate to express the
opinion that most of the gold now being
withdrawn is taken out by intending pur
chasers of the new bonds. They condemn
such proceedings in strong terms, but with
the present law on the statute-books see
no way to legally stop such withdrawals.
KICK El* OtT THE SOLICITOR.
Mr. Chalmers Wa» Subsequently Justified
■in the Act.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 7. — William J.
Chalmers, president of the great ma
chinery firm of Frazer & Chalmers, was a
prisoner before Police Justice Chott this
morning, being charged by Charles H.
Holm, a life insurance solicitor, with as
sault. Holm was engaged in the shops of
the firm yesterday, without permission,
soliciting amont; the workmen when Chal
mers asked him to retire. Holm became
indignant, and was thrown out by the
president.
The Justice in discharging the defendant
advised him, in case he was again pestered
by such agents, to use all the force in his
power, and if that was not enough to call
on the police.
MEIjVIIjTjE A. GOOD CHIEF.
Will Be JReappolnted a* Send of the JBn
gincerittg Jiureau.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Jan. 7.— A Times
special from Washington says: The term
of Engineer-in-Chief G. W. Melville will
expire on the 16th inst. lie has been
Chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineering
for eight years, and has done such good
work that Secretary Herbert has decided
to reaproint Melville for another term of
four years.
The honor thus extended Commodore
Melville is unusual. There have been few
bureau chiefs who have occupied the posi
tion for more than two years. Notable
exceptions are Admiral Walker, who was
the head of the Navigation Bureau for a
long time, and Admiral Ramsay, who is
filling his third term as chiei of the same
bureau.
BACKWARD IX Accovyrs.
Among the Delinquents Is TSint Superin-
tendent I>aggett.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The
Secretary of the Treasury to-day sent to
the House a list of officers of the Govern
ment coming under his department who
are delinquent in rendering their accounts
or in thepnyment of balunces due from
them for the last fiscal year. The list in
cludes A. R. Spofford, Librarian of Con
gress; Eiihu Olund, Collector of Customs,
Duluth, Minn.; Overton Cade, Superin
tendent of the Mint at New Orleans, and
John Dangett. Superintendent of the Mint
at San Francisco.
WESTERN FREIGHT POOL
Practically Assured by All the
Railroads in the Asso
ciation.
Only One Line Remains Opposed to the
Great Scheme in Its
Entirety.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 7.— The formation
of a Western freight pool by the railroads
which are members of the Western Freight
Association was practically assured after a
meeting to-day in Chairman Midgley's
office of the executive officers of the inter
ested lines. The stumbline block in the
way of the freight officials, when they
were ordered last October to arrange a
percentage divi-ion of the total traffic, was
in regard to the business originating: at or
passing through Kansas City. A disagree
ment on three points in that part of the
Western territory was reported to the ex
ecutive officers, according tr> instructions,
and at to-day's meeting there was a sur
prising agreement on these points. The
officers adjourned the meeting until to
morrow, when the only points unsettled,
Dcs Moines and Ottumwa traffic, will be
considered.
The Kansas City, Fort Scott and Mem
phis road was opposed to the pooling
scheme in its entirety as not being the
best method of restoring and maintaining
rates, and its antagonism prevented the
freight officials agreeine on the merchan
dise and grain percentage to and from
Kansas City, the Fort Scott being an im
portant factor at that gateway. When all
percentages are fixed cy the executive
officers they must remain in effect for a
year, and can only be changed then by a
discontented party giving notice next No
vember.
At the quarterly meeting: of the Western
Passenger Association to-day the agree
ment of local ugeats who had honored
second-class tickets on first-class sleepers
was ordered rescinded. A committee was
also appointed to report to-morrow the re
duced rates which will be made for the
Grand Army National Encampment at St.
Paul and the triennial conclave of the
Knights of Pythias at Minneapolis.
The passenger committee of the Central
Traffi * Association at a meeting held to
day decied to join in the agreement of tne
Western Association to charge for the
transportation of bicycles in baggage cars
at the rate of fifty pounds excess baggage
or a minimum of 25 cents each. Both
agreements go into effect March 1.
DEVOTED ALL TO THE CAUSE.
Death of Mme. Sophie He/r/gef, Who So
Heroically Gave Her Money and Ser
vice in the War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9. -A Recorder
special from Cincinnati says: Unmourned
and without a friend o r relative to be with
her in her last hours, Sophie Helrigel, who
has for years been before the Cincinnati
public, died yesterday at the City Infirm
ary, where she lived for months.
Mme. Sophie Helrigel was born in
France, whence, in 1850, she came to Cin
cinnati. She was a brilliant woman, of
excellent education, spoke English, Ger
man, French, Spanish, Flemish and
Dutch, and had no trouble in establishing
a successhil private school for languages.
When the War of the Rebellion broke
out she had amassed a small fortune. She
entered the service, followed the Ninth
Ohio to the battle-fields, attended to the
wounded soldiers and devoted the greater
part of her fortune to the establishment of
field hospitals. Through her three years'
service she carried an ordinary soldiers'
canteen, and this, together with a flag,
which she had also acquired in the service,
was the one treasure of her life.
So great was her veneration for the stars
and stripes that her dying request was that
she be wrapped in this flag before being
consigned to her coffin.
After the war Mme. Helrigel returned to
Cincinnati. Her health was lost during
the Hardships of the war and her mind be
came more or less uffected and prevented
her from pursuing her occupation. Since
then she has practically been an object of
charity. An effort was made to secure
her a pension, but it failed. She left a last
statement in which she exhorted her old
comrades to stick to the flag.
SWEPT BY PRAIRIE FIRES
Thousands of Acres in Kansas
Have Been Burned
Over.
One Town Has Probably Been De
stroyed and Much Farm Prop
erty Laid in Ruins.
WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 7.— Portions of
Kiowa, Stafford, Edward and Pratt coun
ties are being swept by prairie fires which
light up the sky until from the distance
its apppearance is that of a red sunset.
The extent of the destruction has not been
definitely learned, for the reason that the
desolated country is entirely cut off from
telegraphic communication.
The branch of the Missouri Pacific Rail
road from Alcottwest, which runs through
the fire-3wept district, has been abandoned
for several months and all telegraph offices
along the lino discontinued, hence the de
tails obtainable are very meager.
There is no telegraphic communication
with luka, in Pratt County, on the aban
doned branch, but reports from Dodge
City, Kinsley, Stafford, St. Jobn, Lamed
and other surroundins towns lead to the
apprehension that the town lias been
swept away.
Thousands of acre? have been burned
over, and the loss of property will be con
siderable. Ten years ago, while Kansas
was having its wonderful boom, the
country out there was thickly settled and
the land "s'as all plowed up.
The hard times live years ago drove
most of the people out, and since that
time the land has grown up in weeds and
sunflowers. That is the reason the fire
burns with such fury. Out in Finney
County, near the Colorado line, another
big prairie tire is rasing. The latter fire
can be plainly seen from Pueblo, and cov
ers thousands of acres of grass lands.
DEBTS OF THE PACIFIC ROADS.
Chairman Tower* Will Only Permit
JBrief Hearing*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 7.— The Pa
cific railroad debt question was broached
for the first time this session when the
House committee met and organized to
day. There was not much discussion, and
business W3S confined to the organization.
It was decided that the committee shall
meet again next Saturday, when it is ex
pected the various bills will be discussed.
Only brief hearings will be allowed, ac
cording to Chairman Powers. This means
the funding bill will be "railroaded"
through.
Beqator Allen of Nebraska to-day intro
duced a bill which will find favor with the
opponents of the Southern Pacific monop
oly. It provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall compute and ascertain the
amount due the Government by the va
rious Pacific (bond-aided) roads. The Sec
retary shall certify the same to the Attor
ney-General, who shall immediately begin
a suit to foreclose on the roads and tele
graph lines.
The court shall ascertain the actual cash
NEW TO-DAY.
Endorsed by
eminent Physicians
R 'jp W 1 Everywhere.
THE IDEAL TONIC
FOR
Restoring Health
Used in Ho«pltals, Public
and 2&eligious Institutions
j; t „. .^^.....^ tlirOUfTllOUt
I Mailed Free. !.,...... ™ZZ?£*
Descriptive Book with Testimony and
Portraits
OF NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Afjrecable.
Every lest Proves Reputation.
ATOldSnbstltntions. Ask for 'Tin Mariani.'
At Drn?chts and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Pasis t 41 Bd. H»u,»mann. g2 W. 15th St., I?6V Ydt
iKWDOS: 239 Oxford Blurt. ' .
I riilt's liiiiaß . Teptalilii Pills
Are acknowledged; by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to curt?
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDIXKSS, COXSTIPA-
TION', Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood.
ulUbblilall upuulllu HaIUIu
With this remedy: persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change 'in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is oi the least injury to th*
constitution. Ask your druggist lor it. Price $1 a
bottle. ;
value of said respective roads, telegraph
lines and properties connected therewith,
and their respective assets and amount of
any lien thereon prior to tb* lien of the
Government of tbe United States, and by
proper decree order and direct all of said
property to be sold within three months
after the rendition of the final decree, un
less the parties defendant to said suit or
*uits or other judicial proceedings, their
assigns or erantees, shall within said time
redeem said property from the Govern
ment of the United States by the payment
of the amount that shall be found due the
Government.
i'i-S, NEW TO-DAY.
sYatement
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
OF THE
ASSETS ASB LIABILITIES
OF
THEHIBERNIA
SaYings and Loan Society,
A CORPORATION.
Anil where said Assets are Situ-
ate! feted Dec. 31, 1895.
ASSETS.
I—Promissory1 — Promissory Notes and the
debis thereby secured, the
actual value of which is $24,233,768 53
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and payable to it at
its Office, which is situated at
the corner of Market, McAllis-
ter and Jones streets, in the
City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and
the payment thereof is secured
by First Mortgages on Real
Estate within this State. Said
Promissory Notes are kept and
held by said Corporation at its
said Office, which is its princi-
pal place of business, and said
Notes and debts are there situ-
ated.
2 — Promissory Notes and the
debts thereby secured, the
actual value of which is 65,600 00
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to it
at its Office, which is situated
j as aforesaid, and the payment
thereof is secured by "The
Northern Railway Company
of California 6 per cent Bonds,"
"Park and Cliff House Railway
Company 6 per cent Bonds,
I "Twenty-third Avenue Elec-
tric Railway of Alameda
County, Cal., 6 per cent
Bonds'," "City of Stockton 0
per cent Bonds," and "City of
Santa Cruz 5 per cent Bonos,"
the market value of all said
Bonds being $87,550 00. Snid
Notes are kept and held by
said corporation at its satd
Office, and said Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
— Bonds of the United States
(15,825,000 00) and of the Dis-
t tnct of Columbia ($559,500 00),
1 the actual value of which is. . 6,442,761 41
The condition of said Bonds
' is as follows: They belong to
; said Corporation, and are Kept
I and held by it in its own
j Vaiilts, and are there situated.
They are "Registered 4 per
j cent United States Bonds" and
l "District of Columbia 3>£ per
cent Bonds" — guaranteed by
the United States Government
— and are payable oniy to the
order of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds, the
actual value of which is 2.163.400 81
The condition of said Bonds
is as follows: They belong to
said Corporation, and are kept
and held by it in its own
Vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Market-street Cable
Railway Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($1,000,000 00)," "Spring
Valley Water Works 4 percent
j Bonds ($615,000 00)." "Sutter-
Btreet Railway Company 5 per
cent Bonds ($270,000 00),"
"City of San Jose 5 percent
Bonds ($40,750 00)," "City of
San Luis Obispo 5 per cent
Bonds ($36,000 43)," and "The
Omnibus Cable Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($23,000). "
s— lnterest on Miscellaneous
Bonds, accrued to January 1,
1896 108,076 22
6— (a) Real Estate 'situated in
the City and County of San
Francisco, in said State, the
actnal value of which is 42,853 89
(b) The land and building in
which said Corporation keeps
its said Office, the actual value
of which is 576,749 97
The condition of said Real
Estate is that <it belongs to
said Corporation.
7— Proportion of Taxes for the
Fiscal Year 1895-96 chargeable
to next half-year 37,785 53
B— Cash in United States Gold
and Silver. Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its
possession, and situated at its
said Office. Actual Value 1,345,82035
Total Assets $35,016,814 70
LIABILITIES. ;;
I—Said1 — Said Corporation owes De-
posits amounting to and the
actual value of which is $32,479,333 08
The condition of said De-
posits is that they are payable
only out of sa Id Assets and are
fully secured thereby.
2— Reserve Fund, Actual Yaiue. 2,537,481 61
Total Liabilities $35,016,814 70
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society.
By. JAMES R. KELLY, President.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State of California, )
. City and County of San Francisco. f ss '
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN being each separately duly sworn,
each for himself, says: That said JAMES
R. KELLY is President, and' that said
ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary of The
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, the
Corporation above mentioned, and that
the foregoing statement is true.
JAMES. R. KELLY, President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
6th day of January. 1896.
GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public,
In and for the City and County of San
• Francisco. State of California.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIEL BOOM
OF THE •
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN U>TIL MIDNIGHT.
1314
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
Installation Ceremonies at the
Thomas, Meade and Gar
field Posts.
A Gavel From Timbers of the Historic
Ship Hartford— The New Officers
for the Year 1896.
Officers of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
(4. A. R.. chosen ;<> servo for the year ]>'*;
were installed last evening by Frank L.
Stone, 1 1 : c senior past post commander.
The ceremonies were imerestiDsr and ani
mated. The retiring commander, J. K.
Stateicr, made ;i speech acknowledging the
kind treatment which he had received
during his a [ministration. Other speeches
followed, in -.vine ho was cordially
thanked for inpartiahty and punctuality.
Charles A. Sunnier bad the pleasant
duty of presenting to Commander A. J.
Vining a gavel made from live oak, white
oak and black walnut from the timbe .
the historic ship Eartford. The gave! was
made by Richard A. Varies, a comrade of
the post, it was voted to have it silver
mounted and properly ins.?:."''.. En
grossed resolutions of th:inks were ordered
sent ;•' Comrade Sarles.
In th<- rourse of the remarks of presenta
tion Mr. Sumner ~.>i'i thai i he contract, for
i!.<- construction of the Hartford at Boston
was made April 26, '-">*■■ and just four
ir^ra that date the famous ship of
the war was baptized in fire and blood at
Forts Jackson ami St. Phillip, near New
Orleans.
Department Commander Charles Wilson
was one 1! the sv>eakers last evening, as
:st Commander ('arisen.
The officers installed were:
A. J. Vining, commander; John Tv ale, senior
immander; Eugene Wlegand. junior vice
commander; riiant-s li. B linn, quartermaster;
J H. Soper. surgeon; Selden Sturgi?, chaplain;
Charles P. Welch, 0.D.; W K. ii. Bartholow,
O. <■.: H. 1.. Tichner. adjutant, a:i«i Joseph
bimins jeant.
Commander Vining received hearty ap
plause when he took his station, and made
appropriate acknowledgment. Ttie at
tendance of members was exceptionally
large and the sentiments of patriotism ex
presse i were inspi.ing.
Gartield Post was organized in October,
1881, with thirty-four charter members,
which signified the post number. The
total enrollment to date has been 580 com
rades, which number has been reduced by
deatns, transfers and other disabilities
until th post now contains ov.ly ICO rom
rade?. uuring the past year fourteen
deaths have occurred, the largest number
in any year. Since its existence the post
lias disbursed for charitable purposes the
sum o; more than $10,1 00.
1. isl evening Past Post Commander Solo
m •!! Goben in a most impressive manner
. ed the following 1 Ulcers for 1896;
.••>re. commander; Benjamin
. -. V.;J. 11. Hilton, J. V.: N. A. Borden,
irgeon; Abraham
■ 1 Irall, adjutant ;
. . Q. M.; John Shay, O. (..; L. K.
■ ::ing com man di r, Comrade Mil
ut^d with a superb badge
■
After the services the following officers
i Garl Id R el Corps N*o. ~l
led uy Mrs. Kate Howard, past
en t :
L. Ballon ,-preEldent; Mrs. Carrie
,S. V.; Mrs. Rosa Bergman, J. V. ; Mrs.
■ . . M iss 1 »ora ii
- ■ r, secretary; Miss May
lers, conductor; Mrs. Catherine Gi
; Mrs. Nellie L&ssales, assistant conduc-
Urs. Marjr Moody, assistant guard.
An entertainment of literary and mv
. I lowed the installation.
Installation exercises were held at
.- Post Kb, 48, •;. A. R.,
s. A. K. Leavitt, senior
er, installed the following of&cers
.'. ! ■ QaDder; Barton Wal
.. 1 .: Edward Walsh, J. V. C; S.
U. Hunt Q M : S. W. Knowles, surgeon ; w .
F. Ho . t S. Smith, O. D.; Adolph
tmaii, ad jutant.
' >:i behalf of th • posl W. F. Howe, chap
-1 v.". ;.. c. 1 adge to Mrs.
E. i:. VVatidell, past president of Meade
61. The badge is of enameled
.itli :t diamond setting. Tue reverse
ption : "I'.-asented to Ella.
I. 1. WaddelJ, Past President of Mea le
Corps No. 61, by comrades of General
P ist No. 48, G. A. 11.,
January 7. I
A Permanent Census Bureau.
If a permanent census oiiice is to be es
t all, the initiative legislation
ng to that result should be taken
without delay, for under such legislation
er m lit be r»laced at the head of
Buch an office would have ample opportu
nity to study the whole question and to
• to < longress full ami comprehensive
plans for future census work. There are
these tliret: reasons, then, for prompt legis
lation: Tli? action looking to the unifica
tion of o-rtain inquiries ni the various cen
'■[ the world for 19<jO; the necessity
oi preparation for the twelfth census; the
desire to establish a- permanent census
In considering these three reasons
ti:t-rf is m> necessity of indulging in any
criticisms, for all criticism must come
back to the fact that there lias been no one
whose particular duty it was to see to it
that proner preparations were made, not
only for legislation, but for the real work
of t: c census.— Colonel Carroll I). Wright
in January Forum.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUST N ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calt,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nipnt ia the year.
B&ANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery stroet,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin stroet, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Slxteentli ana Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
3518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth stieei, open until 9:30 o'clock.
.><<!,< «>K BJJtas.TiJ»tiS.
fJ^S= GRAND SltsTOß YOF Hiwai
Ur-jy California.— The annual com- t»
munlcatiOD of the Grand Conslstorr rsi_ 'Xl 11
(it California will be licM at Chapter IhOOBItiSB
Hall. Masonic Temple, THI.- iBsSBEtpSSj
( WEDNESha Y> AF lERNOON. OsrnMfc!
January 8. at L ociock. far the trans- rJfflßLn
r.clio:) of its reeulrr b'nsin< s- . |mi"Jttij
GEOKGE .1. HOBE. Cirand P.eslarar.
j^3f» CROCKETT LOJDG] No7r397T\ m
■ .\. M.— Called iniptini; Tills /5\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. .lam: rv h -Jf^fr
at 7:30 OVIO k. D. 3. Eyordnof tln-wV 1
» 11. POKTIUBDE, Becre ary.
F£W , MOUNT sl ° tt ' A H LODGE.' NO. a>
\S^£y 44, f. and A. M— Meeting THIS £k
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7"30lO?
O'clock. Second Je^ree. " /^^N
THEO. FRQLICIf, Secretary.
5K^» EXCELSIOR LODGE, No. 168. a
li-t-' 1-. and a. Special meeting THI.-; i?V
(WEDNKSDAY) EVENING; Januarj- S.^Of
at 7:.i() o'clock. First decree. /^/^
THKQ. 1:. SMITH, Secretary.
pf^p MISSION -LODGE. NO. 160, . F Q ~~
Ci-t' and A. X, — Called meeting THIS £\
1 WKDN : S 1 >A V . EVENING, at 7:30^2?
o'clock. Second desre<». By orier of the 'V*
W. M. C. I). BUNKKR. Secretary.
r-"-^ MOK?i- 1.- , iK >o it 7, 1 V>J1 _. ;
■ -•-=■ O. <). F.— lnstallatl of oUicers '<?-^&*&-
■;il!S EVENING, January 8. All
memb -r-, ai ■ requested to 'c present. "*%nw~"*
Visitors cordially invited.
VVILI.IAM A. FERRELL, N. G.
C. lUuNii, Recordlig Secretary.
■qx» A.i). 11. DIVISION no. i.--i HEa^=^j
tif-^ postponed monthly meelinx of the V\'\>}f
above division will !)■■ held at their ln-ad- >6t \\'//
■ uarter*. 1159 Mission street, iTIIISr^VcJE-*
(WEDNESDAY | EVENING, January B,*fr|'
IMoi. :i ?::-!> o'clock sharp. i;Wn ■ theqnaru'rly
im-eiing, ofllcrrs will please come preptired to re-
]*ort. Fines for noj-atteadaace ' B.i orderof
P. LYONS, President.
J. J. Lam. 1 n: r.. '
j^s%" A N n i al. Mrm r 1 -. ■;• i N 1 ;'— th i-i i;E<;n,Ai:
KZGr annual meetina' ot stockholders of the
Oc<a:nc SU-aroBliI}) Company will beheld ut the
ofiic« ol ihe company, 827 Market, »*xeet, Sa:i
Fmncisco, CaL, '>n TUESDAy , the Siiit day of
Jituuary, IS9O, at tbe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the p«ntt>osi of electing a board of dlrec'on 10
sir.- for the ensuing yeara&d the transactlo 1 of
Btich Oliver l)ua is as may come bclore the i:i(-<-i-
-in^'. Transfer books will closi; on Friday. .liiii-
awrv 10, a: ,i o'clock p. K.
E. li. SHELDON, Secretary.
; MEETING >-OTI<*ES-Continiied^ |
; c^^^rlTE^Rj^GlHlATr^cNuliirSij^i^^ 1
; 15Z& of the San Frar.cisco Ladies' Protection and
: ReJlel Society will be held at the home, corner of
I Geary and Franklin, THURSDAY, Jnnuary 9,
• 1898, at 2 p. M. ALICE BROWN, Secretary.
s^s= NoTK •]•: IS iikiYeby GIVKN THAT
iar-jiS- thi! tiiuiu.i' meeiingof the stockholders of
the Horsefly GoM Mining C ompany will be held at
' its office, 610 Clay street, Ean Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 14th day of January. 1896, at 3
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of directors.
EDWARD P. FLINT, President.
i:. T. Ward, secretary.
1 Sf----5= PBESTDIO AND FERRIES" R. K. CO.—
U>-& The regular annual meeting of the stock-
i holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad com-
panywlll be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's ulace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
I January. 1596, at the hour of 2 o'clock v. m., for
the irpose of electing seven directors io serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
i tiic meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
■ January 14, at 2 o'clock r. m.
JOHN 11. LEIGHTON, Secretary.
! uffiee— lll3 Union st., corner Sharp's place, San
I Francisco, 1 at.
I ANNUAL MEETING— THE ANNUAL
I it-<s* meeting of the stockholders of the Commer- ;
! ciai Insurance Company o! California will beheld !
I al the ollice of the Paia.ine Insurance Company,
: limiieil.of Manchester, England, 439 California st.. '
! S:ife Deposit building, San Francisco, on 1
i WEDNESDAY", the 15th day of January, IS9(>, ■
! at the hour of 12 o'clock, In accordance with by- I
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
San Francisco, li^'ccmbr 31. 1805. j
1 i
SPKCJ IX NOTICKSJ
I W~^ ' > 'l >^ lAXiv'N. CHIROPODIST, 11
Or^c? Kearny st., room 26.
! iKS 3 FIRST-CLASS PAPERING OR PAINT-
I Ltr-£? iiii; in exchange tor groceries, fuel, etc. Ad-
dress Paver-hanging, 1532 Bush st.
jj>^S= NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN THAT
j f£-ss* the Pan Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum So: iety has admitted to their institution the I
following orphan a;ul half-orphan girls and boys
j from June 30, 1895, to January 1, 1896: Kiiith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton, 5 yr.s :
Myrtle Campbell, 5 yrs.; Ethel M. .Moffatt, 5
yrs.; Paul Duering, 2 vrs.: George Grass. 6 yrs ;
Willie Coo s# 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor, 8 yrs.;
: Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: .lames O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick A. Moffatt, t) yrs.; Carl Smith.
121/2 yrs. : Edmund R. Bedford, 10 yrs.; Thomas
Senilcr, 7 yrs. : Delbert D. i'aley, 4 yrs.
Wpigr EN GliIS II LADY'S NEW COSMETIC
! fif*^ Parlors, room 46, 850 Market st.
; iP"S= MBS. ROBB, 1036 MARKET ST., ROOM
Zj^£? 8, seco::d floor; genuine massage treatment.
HKS= MBS. BERNHARDT, 17a SIXTH ST.,
: i£-js* Brst floor— Genuine massage treatment.
R^sjr»NOTl< i: IS HEREBY GIVEN THATTHE
LE-Js' Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St., San
Francisco, Cal.. has admitted the following nalf-
orpban girls from October I. 1895, to January 1, 1
: 1596: Annie Hammill. 10 years ; Jessie Merle '
; Par ridge, aged 11 years; Florence V. Spicer. aged
10 years; Georgie F. Wakeley, aged lOyears; Grace !
1 Hodge, aged H years. j
r£^g= CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE. j
tS--* s ' Chiropodic Institute, room 22, 906 Market, :
jif-jp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR ?',. |
uf*-" Collections made, city or country. Pacifiu
! Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 5580.
- 9P&* CORNS, INGROWING AJLS, SUCCESS-
W^S 1 f,,]j treated. DX, 1 LOYD, Lurline Baths.
SJr as» WINDOWS CLEANED A Nl> FLOORS
saZ& scrubbed; reasonable ra:es: payment for
oarcr.ges euuranteed. C. KOSS! <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
: ifc^S 3 ROOMS WHITENED. $l~U r P: PAPEK-
B--S 1 ed $S 50 no. : 171 ■■ T!<ird. Georue Hnrtman.
i^T^S 3 A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
, 3r-& WEEKI V CALL, m wrapper, for maiiinc.
' I)lYll>l7M> NOTICES.
i rS I DIvID^ND^NOTSc^^THir^GEBMAJ?
I *tr^ Savings and Loan Society, 526 California !
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend h:is been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per 1
ren; per annum on term d' posits, and three and j
liity-iive hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per an- !
I num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
! ojj and after rhursday, January 2, 189i>.
GEORGE TOL'RNY, Secretary.
ii?3s= DIVID M. KOTICE— BAVJ GS .VXD
Lb-» ? Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor. ]
■Suiter. For the half year ending December 3i,
Zbds, a dividend has b en declared at the rate of .
j four an i thh-ty-two one-'nundredths (4.32) per cent j
; pei annum on term «le]>osits, and three and sixty .
j or.L-liundrcdths (5.60) per tent per annum On or- '
I dinary deposits, lree of laxes, payable on and after
WEDNESDAY, January 1. 1896. Dividends not j
I osi'ed for are added t.) and bear the same rate of ,
1 dividend as the principal from and after January
I 1. 1896. .CTBI's W. CAKMA.NY. » a»hjpr.
i Ml IAIIOA.i W A-\ i il)-il-,.llAi.E.
I ! 1 lON WANTED BY RELIABLE.
i Q trustworthy woman to do housework: is kooi!
! cook an 1 worker; aood reterences; wages $12 to
] .*lo a month, Can be seen for three days at 79
; Jessie si., bet. First and Second.
BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO GEN-
eral housework; two years in last place. Call!
j 369 Jessie st.
I KRMAN WOMAI WANTS SITUATION TO
i V.T do cenora! housework and cooking. Call or
j address 226 '1 hird st.
I SITUATION W A'.-rTEIJMBY A GERMAN AND
! O French woman tod) hou^owork by the d»y or
I as nurse. Call or address fcO9 Bryant Bt.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY; !
»i chamberwork or honsecleaning, or anything. I
Address 590 Stevenson st.
}7<LDEULY WOM AN WANTS * SITUATION;
( J l-oo took and housekeeper; boardinc-honse
I 1 ■■•• Fern all or address MRS. DELANO, room
16, 41*-Geary sr. j
■ OMA WISH SITUATION TO D 6 GKN- |
" ernl housework; is a good cook; wages $12. i
I Call $-i Washington.
CIERMAN GIRL WITH gB I'.XPEKIENCE
1 wishes place to do upstairs work and waiting;
American family preferred. Address G. M., box
78, Call Oflice.
CIOMPETENT FRENCH GIRL WISHES A
situation for upstnirs work and sewing; city
references. Adpress M. M.. 1525 Broadway.
pOMPETENT GIBX WANTS TO ASSIST
V,' with housework; reference. Auply 5 Oak-,
wood s . .
Rksi'ei t.\ B WIDOW. with YOUNG
It daughter, wishes a position as housekeeper for
bachelor or widower. Apply A. L. s.. 706 V 2 Pine.
i OMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
V lady wishes position as managing and working
housekeeper in smalt family. Inquire 924 y Har-
rison st.
UTANTKD — SITUATION FOR GENERAL
hotisfwork by competent girl from country.
2105 Bush st.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE To DO
»~ housework. Call 102b West Mission st.
RESPECTABI i: WOMA N WISIIES DAY-
IV work of vii.v kind. Pleas* call at 1816 Bryant.
MtDDLE-AGTED LADY WISIIES LIG HT
housework in a fnmily of two or three: smali
: wages.. .\(i(!rt«;s L. W., box 77, Call Office.
ATION WANTED BY. COMPETENT
i O woman as cook ; good references. Call or ad-
, dr*-ss 251 Minna -,t., bet. Third and Fourth.
■yut'NG WOMAN WISHES HOUSECLEAN-
X in? by the day or few hours a day. Apply 543
Stevenson St.. renr.
I|"LDKKI.Y AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS A
J situation; is a tood plain cook; no objection to
1 the country. Please call 12S"/ 2 Ninth st.
j>ELIABr,KGIRL WANTS A SITUATION VO
: JLt- do general housework ; references given. Call
oraddre-s 309 Minna st., near Fourth.
j \\r ANT E D — POSITION AS WORKING
»» housekeeper, either private or hotel; not
j afraid to work'; best references. Room 23, Golden
. West Hotel, EUU st,
i T?RENCH LADY, GOODSEAMSTRESS.THOR-
T oughly cemptten- In the care and management
of children, would like a position in a family to
i ta'-:e charge of an infant from its birth. Addess T.
: j A., box 3, Call Office.
! "\ r OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
J- light housework. Apply 7 Midway, bet.
1 i«ii' Isco and t.uy.
\ "yoUJNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO AS-
! -L sist in light housework. Call 327 Clementina;
' no cards.
ANTED-BY A YOUNG GIKL, PLACE TO
do light housework i;r care of child; small
j wages. 627 Fourth St.; call after 1 p. m.
\"1 N<; GIRL WILLING TO WijiiK DESIRES
position of 3ui:ie kind in retail store. Apply
521 Minna st., rear.
! JIITATIuN WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
; O for general housework in small iamily; wagi s
¥16. Call or address 2517 Mission St., near Twenty-
: lirst. . -
I Air ANTED— BARBERS' WASHING BY A
I TT widow. Address M. S., box 147, Call Office.
; pIRL 1I6) Will 1,1) LIKE TO DO UPSTAIRS
] VJ «ork or take care of children; city or country.
759 Mission st.
\'OI N(i GIRL WISHES T(j DO LIGHT
j -I housework; sleep home preferred. 120 a
Wild -y St.. off Filliuorc', bet. Bush and Pine.
pOMPETEIsT WOMAN WANTS WORK OF
\J any kind by ihe<iny: good laundress. Address
1359 iiarrison st.. in rear.
\\- ANTED-SITUATIUN TO DO CHAMRh-K-
-j »' work and sewing; first class with children's
! clothes; Sun Jluteo preferred. 1234 Mission st.
pERMAN GIRL WANTS" A SITUATION
VJ" far liglit hoiisework. Apply 19 Douglas st.
A MERICAN WOMAN WISIIE-Ts N
; -^»- in small American family; small wages. 233
I Fifteenth .st. •
El . 1> E ! •L V woman WTSHE-" situation
JU In a nice family to make herself generally use-
ful: wages not 30 much an object as a good home.
; 1 507 liuchanan.
■y OUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper. Call 11 K»aniy, r. 27, nr.st floor.
yo u Ni, a MKItKAM WOMAN DESIRKs PO-
• silion ns governes? or traveling companion: is
• nrst-ciass naflliner and sewer. Address Governess,
box 122, Call Office.
■yOUNU WliOW WVNTS A SITUATION AS
I JL type-writer. 573y 2 Market su, room 18, 2 d floor.
' I U ELI AB LE NE W ~En7; ITaND" 7 " A N
i.\> wants work; car.> of infant, cnildreu or in-
; valid preferred ; can assist hildre:i with iessoos.
L. L., rcom 61, Winchester House. 4i Third st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WIS.iES SITUAT.ON
V^ m chambermaid and laundress with references
Address M) & k.Cdy st. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
HTCATIONS WANTED-Continuert.
SITUATION W ANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
— woman: is competent coo good home more an
object t^an wages. Call or address 1008 Rush st.
XkT ANTJSD— A SITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS
" laundress or chambermaid; best of reference.
Call or address 548 Natoma st.
yOUNG WOMAN EXPERIENCED IN ALL
-L kinds of work in hotel or boarding-house: city
or country. 322 1 hird st., room 37.
YrOUNGGIRLOFI6, SPEAKSGOODGERMAN
and English, would Hke a place to mind chil-
dren. 102 Colllngvvood st., near Eighteenth and
Castro.
WANTED— BY A GERMAN GIRL HOUSE-
" worl: in small private family; will go to Oak-
land. . Address O. H.. box i*6. Call Office.
AMERICAN GIRL WITH GOOD REFER-
-£V ence wishes a siluation in small family: cook-
ing and peuera! houseworK: will do small wash;
wages $20. Address P. G., box 16. Call Oflice.
DRRSSM AE E R~VV IslTEir^A~T E^^K AGE- i
ments to go out by the <'ay ; cuts and Bti; $1 I
per day. Please appb' 843 Page st.. near Scott.
SWEDISH GlitL WISHES (SITUATION TO '
odo light houseworK or chamberwork. Call ',
address 5 Hodge,s pi., off Valic-jo St., between san- |
some and Montgomery. |
W ANTED— BY A FIRST-CLASS WAITRESS \
" position in restaurant or hotel. Address MISS j
X., box 4, Call Oflice. !
y OUNG GIRL W 1 SII Es PLA CE TO I>O PLA IN j
JL cooking and housework. 231 Eighth st.
QITUATION WANTED BY AMERICAN WO-
O man: competent cook, or do genpral house-
work; best of reference. Call 325 Ellis st.
DH A K Eft THAT MAKES A SPE- |
Cialty of children's dresses and ladies' wrap-
pers, also white sewing: will go out at $1 26 a day; i
reference given. Call or address 1507 Buchanan.
y OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO HELP
J assist, in light housework and mind children.
Call or address 469 .Bryant st.
p ERMANS GIRL J WANTS SITUATION IN j
VJ- small American family. Please apply at 400
Golden Gate aye.
a^oungTgermTn girl WANTS place to
JL do goner il housework or upstairs work; wages
15. Call at 83 Everett st.
OMPETENT GIRL WISHES TO DO GENER-
VJ al housework iv private family; city or coun- I
try. Call or address 127 Valley st. j
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK j
\J washing and ironinc or housecleaning, or will ;
take washing and ironing home or a few offices to
clean. Address W., box 77, Call Oflice.
LDERLY WOMAN WISHES SITUATION |
as housekeeper in small family. Call 139
Eleventh su
T> ESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION*
JV to do general housework. Please call or ad- i
dress 1723 Market St., grocery. I
T AD WOULD LIKE POSITION OF HOUSE- i
J i keeper or plain sewing. 144 Fifth St., room 6. :
EFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSI-
J.V tion as companion to elderly lady or invalid i
daiighter in country or city; Spanish and English |
spoken: best of references given and required, i
Call at 870 Adeline st., bet. 2 and 4 p. m., OuKland. i
y (>lN<; WOMAN A SITUATION IN
1 a small family to do light housework. Call 971
Pine st.. West Oakland.
pERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION j
vl for plain cooking and housework. Call 139*,' a '
Eleventh St., near Howard.
"WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI- j
" » tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
202V2 Turk st.
yOUNG LADY DESIRES SITUATION AS
JL nurse for infant or children. Please call or ad- I
dress 1148 Sutter st.
ADY WITH LITTLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
-i ation to do housework and care for widower's
family, or will cook for workhands in country. Ap-
ply room 12. firs: fio>r, 124 sixth st., city.
1/ \ ! ' E.BT BOoKK E KPKR DKSIKES SITUA- I
J-i tion, city or country; holds United Sta ea In-
dustrial Agency certificate. Address Accountant,
box 115, Call.
1? XPEKI E N C E D GI.OVE BALESLADY
1-i wants position in city, Oakland or San Jose.
Address S. M., box 117. Call.
IDDLE-AGED LA D V OF E XPE RI ENCE
wonid like place hs housekeeper or nurse. Call
or address 240 bhotwell st.
I?ASTERN LADY (WIDOW) 2 CHILDREN,
"J desires housekeeper's situation in widower's 1
family in the country, if near good schools; home '.
de Ired more than money. C. E. W., Playter
li ock, room 8. I lakland.
IDDLE- AGED LADY OK EXPERIENCE
would Hue positiqn as housekeeper for ntle-
man. or chamberwork in hotel: city or country.
Address rcom .9. 121 Montgomery st.
■you nTTwidow WISHES A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister st ,
room 1.
WEDISH AJ*b GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
office, 111*. Antonia St., onp Jones, near Ellis. ;
T ADIF.S' AND GENTLKMENS REPAIRING
J i neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21.
'"OUNG MA RRIED LADY WISHES A POSI-
X tion as chr.nibermaid or housework by the day ;
can give reference Address L. F., box 122, Call.
Xr OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper; also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
I NCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TH lltn ST., XX.
*» Marke:; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
f 1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus to and from the ferrj-. ■ ■'- " " "
SITUATIONS WA.NTEJj -9IALE.
Pc. g. coox's soc. supl'lTel^cooksT^all
branches:short notice. 14 Geary. ;tel. Grant 46.
TT UNTER V.0., CHINESE A N 1 > JAPAN-
JLJL ese employment otiice, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
WORK WANTED-SI'EADY, INDUSTRIOUS
'" young man, 21 years, for board and lodging
until worth more. Address J. B. \Y., box 107,
I all otiice. "'■"?&'
\\' ANTED-STEADY POSITION BY Fli;3T>
' * c'ass barber. Call or address 809 Bryant.
y OUNG MAN WANIS A JOB AS carpejv-
-1 ter to learn the trade: has had experience; un-
derstands thoroughly drawing all kind-tof detail
work. Address H. MOORREES, 410 Capp st.
yOUNG MARRIED MAN, VERY HANDY
X with tools, wants a position to make himself
generally useful; wages no object. 410 Capp st.
■yOUNO MAN LIVING WITH HIS PAR-
X ents desires a position in blacksmith or wagon-
makltiK shop: two years' experience. Address
2217 Encimil aye., Alameda. Cal.
WANTED— BY A GOOD STRONG boy of 17
'» place in factory or store, or run elevator. Call
or address 525 Ellis st.
W ANTED— WORK OF ANY KIND BY
»» young man of good habits. Address A. O. E.,
box 57. this office.
XPERIENCEDCLOAK SALESMAN IBOPEN
for engagements. Address R. P., box 17, Call. I
CfOAA "TUBNISHED As a GUARANTEE OF I
tXiOyt'' faithfulness to employer; want $16 per
week for servicen: have mechanical ability. Ad-
drev Faithful, box 122, Call Office.
Gi " IDCI K)K W A NTS SITUATION IN HOTEL,
v_T restaurant or boarding-bouse. Call or addr?ss
545 Mission st.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER WANTS A
\J situation; Oakland and San Rafael references;
Is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address
L. C box 127, Call Oflice.
QTEA DV GERMAN BOY OP 16 WISHES TO
O drive a butcher-wagon: has some experience.
Address W. Call Branch Office. 116 Ninth st.
OITUA riON AS FIREMAN OR ENGINEER;
U can do some steamiitting. R. BROWN, 526
Eighth s:., Oakland. J
JAPANESE YOUNG MAN AND WIFE I
« wish positions in. family as first-class cook !
and s'-eond worker; they are honest and good-
natured. Address T. M., care Japanese store, 403
Geary st. . --- ;
VI ARRIED MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
ITJ. watchman, night or day; good security given,
Call or address 11. FRANKLIN, 514 Sanchez St..
nr. Eighteenth.
pERMAN, 23 YEARS OLD, WISHES ANY I
vT Kind of position. Address G. KARLSENHER, !
307 Turk st. -
MARRIED MAN WANTS . POSITION AS
XVI vviitchman or porter; Al reference. Address
E., box 81, this office. ■
QWEDI-I! YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK AT
O houseceanini; In hotel or private family;
handy a', painting, cnleirninlng. paper-hanging
and paper-cleaning; small wages; good reference.
Call or address 511 Pine st. •
QTEADY RELIABLE YOUNG man with
O liriu-class refurences wants a situation as bar-
keeper; city or country; thoroughly understands
the business. Address W. C. box 30. C»ll Office.
■fTOUNtt MARRIED MAN OK GOOD HABITS
X wishes position la wholesale or r-tail house
with experience. Address 8., "box t>o, Call Office.
ANTED— SITUATION AS .SECOND COOK
*» In hotel or restaurant. Address Cook, box 69,
Ca'l Office.
WANTED— BY YOUNG MAN OF GOOD HA B-
its. boar.l and lodging in private family cen-
trally located: sta c price. Y. M.. box 59, Call.
r ANTED — SITUATION AS GARDENER;
can milk, drive, handy with tools; references.
Address J. L.. box 59. Call Office.
STEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN OF 18,
with reference, writing good hand, desires
position. Address 628"/ a Fulton.
pARDENER — PERMANENT POSITION
v y wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years' experience in this State in caring for exten-
sive private places; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. G., box 122, this office.
4j.Ofi A MONTH - FIRST-CLASS" BAR-
•3)Ov tendtr mnst have work in loon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 241/2
Garden su, city.
j .- OY, "A 7. r E lii, wants work IN or
I • uround store; good references. Address 37
Rltch st. . ■
pOACHMAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS GAR-
V detiing, wants place in private family; good
reference. Call or address 511 Broadway.
"VTURSE or valet TO invalid GENTLE-
X> man; long experience; highest medical and
private references; speaks French, German, Eng-
lish. Address Nurse. 315 Stockton st. " .
t7>xpeluenced t'i 1 r I- L K WISHES to man-'
JUage restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
wife dining-room. 703 Stockton st. • .
ECHANIC AN D HAN V MAN IN GEN-
eral wants work; city or country; small wages
expected. Address L. M., box 164, Call Office.
HEIP^ WANTED-Contlnnefl.
PRACTICAL MINING" MAN d"e S IrTssTpOSI-
J tion ninnareror foreman at a quartz mine;
understands bookkeeping, mining ensineering and
assavingand all underground work. Address J.,
box 59, this office.
WANTED— BY AN EXPERIENCED VINI-
" culturist, a position at employer's terms. Ad-
dress K. V.. box 76. Call Office.
FKMALE HELP WANTED.
T-t R A ? W fMT^KSS AND WAITBBSB, «36
J-i. and $20, country hotel; chambermaid and
waitress, coun ry hotel, $20; 4 waitresses, south,
$-0. C. R. JjUNsEN <fc CO., 110 Geary St.
iO EXTRA WAITRESSES. COUNTRY HOTEL;
-- s.e party here 9:30 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
110 Geary st.
V! : AT AMERICAN COOK, CITY REFER-
■ onces, SoO; 6 neat .young housework girls,
city, $20; a number of young girls to assist, $15.
C. L. H A.NSEN: & co., 110 Geary st.
I7IRENCH NURSERY GOVERNESS; $25":
J- German nursery governess, $25: 3 second
mioo^m?,? 1 1 *- 0: second girl, Oakland, $20.
MISS CbLLEN, 105 Stockton st.
Li:' N< il MAID, $25: FRENCH SECOND
-I- girl, $25. Miss CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
TTOUSEWORK GIBL, SAN RAFAEL, 2 IN
AX family, $20: 15 housework girls, city and
country, *15, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 105
Stockton st.
COOK. s:;r>: STRONG SECOND GIRL, 825.
MISS CCLLEN, 105 Stockton st.
l^u^^ 1 " A:si) GERMAN GOVERNESS,
m- ortliim1 ' ? 3 °: see lady here. MISS CULLEN,
100 Siocktonat. *-,"'- ; j; u-.-r
rj^MAJN OH SCANDINAVIAN COOK, K35.
VT^Mlss CULLEN, 108 Stockton st. ,V..
pOMI'ETKNT FRENCH WOMAN DESIRES
\J situation; cooking and housework; references;
$15. MJoS CULLEN, 105 Stockton ■
iV^Ario ; K ' '. 91S; LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
_ UJBS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
C°,?. V, SMALL "BOARDING-HOUSE; $2S.
' Miss ( Tl.!,i;x, 105 Stockton st,
\l' A NTEII--A COMPETENT NURSE FOR
■' infant. $36; a lady's maid, $25; nurse for 3
cDi.dren, 825; 6 -iris for country T'laccs, $20 each:
4 good German cooks. $35 and $30, 50 housework
gins or all nationalities lorcity places, wages $30,
424* Su 91 o and $12. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Slitter st.
\V AiNTED-LAUNDKESS and CHAMBER-
'' maia, 830; chambermaid and seamstress, $25;
trench cook, $25; second girl same place, $15;
cook and downstairs, $25; French and German
nurstry governess, 825; French maid and seam-
?,V£ SS ' *- i5 ' you n S irls to assist. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton street.
W wf^ T K ~' 2 PIIOTKSTANT SECOND GIRLS,
o-n hp" .$'J5; 3 cooks, German style, $25 and
JfoU: 2 kiicli and German nurses, $20; 3 hotel
waitresses, $.0, and a great many girls for all
kinds °.j, ork In city ftnd country. J. F.CROSE'I T
& CO.. 312 Sntter st.
•7 «ORE WAITRESSES FOR LOS ANOELK3
I and vicinity. MARTIN'S Employment Agency.
[49 Market -t.
WAI I R BS s. COU N TRY HOTEL. $20: CALL
TT early. B. T. WARD & CO., 810 Clay St.
T ADY'SMAID, ALAMEDA, $20; COOK FOR
XJ Visalia,f2s; cook, boarding-house, $S0; girl, 2
in family, girl, German cooking, $26; girls
call for places. M E. LKOPULD, 20 Stockton st.
WANTED— A GB i; AT MANY GIRLS FOB
»' cooking and general housework: city and
country; $20 to $25. lly 2 Antonio St., off "Jones,
near Ellis. r -.;',.■>_.
li\ (URLs FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
X\r $20, $25; cook, $30; second girl, $25; wa t-
ress, $20; 2 girls, country, $25. Apply 316 Sutter.
\\fOMAN TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
M work In small family, $12: call after 9 a. m.
2612 -Larkin.
GERMAN GiRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE?
work and couking. 2802 Pine.
IDDLK-AGEITwOMAN^HEiiP IN HOUSE-
i-'j- work. 534 a Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
GIIRL TO WOBK IN RESTAURANT. 202
VX Ninth.
UT ANTED— I Splblel (XD GIRL FOR
»» general housework. 1728 a Sntter st.
ijTl RST-CLASS FINISHED AND OPEHATOB
X on custom vests;- also. apprentice. 417 Mason
St., No. I in the rear.
T? I BST-CLA SS COOK, $20 AND ROOM. 1530
X I'olk sr., restaurant.
.'ANTED— A Y'OING GIRL TO DO LIGHT
*♦ housework. Call bet. 10 aud 12, 919 O'Farrell.
rpAILORESS WANTEU FOU BUSHELING.
J- 247 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED OPEBATOBS ON WHITE
Pj shirts. GREENEBAUM.WEIL& MICHELS,
531 Mission st.
WANTED — RELIABLE WOMAN, LIVING
'» at home and having good references, to take
care of 2 small children in the afternoons and oc-
casionally in the evenings. Call bet. 4 and 6r. m.,
2140 Batter st.
WANTKD-PT7FTLS IN MILLINERY: NEW
»' term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
DURING THE sai.K LADIES' WOOI» SUITS
$S 90. H. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
VJ i. \ I GIBX WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
J-\ work. 936 Filbert sr.
vouni; i. mi. who WANTS GOOD home
I on a ranch. Apply 1718 Post at.;
Vor.Ni; GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
1 housework. 3443 Sixteenth St., cor. Sanchez.
\\T A \ 1 E i — < i ERM A N Worn AN FUR LIGHT
' ' housework. 457 Guerrero st.
p IRL FORl? EN ERA Lit OUS KWORK; MUST
VJ understand cooking. 152 i Ellis st.
T\7 ANTE D- YOUNG G I RL TO DO LIGHT
'» housework; small family; nv.ist sleep home.
Call 2807 Harrison St.. near Twenty-four:h.
VOUXG GIRL ABOUT •■ TO ASSIST. A D-
-1- dress M i;s. T., box 8, this office.
UTAITRESSES FOB COUNTRY" DANCE-
'' hall. Apply 35 Taylor St.. room 1. ■
MOO V I N I rTNT AND TtESPECTABLE:
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
EAUTY CULTURE. HAIRDRESSING. MAN-
I> icure parlors; all branches tau,'lit thoroughly;
terms moderate; free to our agents. Carmel Cos-
metic Co., 131 Posi st.
I AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRE^S-
CD tf.ng school. 1231 Market Det. Bth and 9th.
HAIRDRKRSJNO, 25c AND 3&c: MORNING
and ev'g ciassos;lO lessons,sl 60, 1248 Mission.
pONCKRT. OPERA-POTPOURRI, «IVKN BY
\J Vocal Teacher Joseph Greven. in Odd Fellows'
Hal!, on the Bth of January, 1MB; tickets 50c, ad-
mitting gentleman and lady; for sale at the promi-
nent music and other stores.
DBESB-CU I liN<; TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
INCHESTER 'HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Mexket— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: froe bus to and iram the ferry.
T) U ! 1 1 ,S WANTED: P( : s i fIONS GUARAN-
• teed : patterns 26i up • latest skirts 35c. McDO
ELi/s bre-ismaUlng Aca-eniv. 213 Powell st.
AI. X HKL I- V»* A 1' 1) .
jpOOK AND P.AKi:it, COUNTRY HOTEI7SBS
V.^ for two; baker and assist on the ranae, coun-
try hotel, $40. C. it. 11 ANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
MAX- AND WIFE. FOR. AN INSTITUTION,'
country; wife must be a good cook; $40. and
free (are; see party here. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
\\rANTED_COOK AND WIF FOR COUN-
" try hotel, $40; 2 restaurant cooks, $9 a week,
945 to $50; waiter, «20; butler, $30; choreman
tor country, $160 a year: lighterman for Mexico,
$'20 and founa. and others. Apply to J. F.
CKOSETT CO.. 628 Sacramento s:.
WT ANTED — G A R I) E N E B FOR A RANCH,
»» must be able to milk, $25 per month, good
Steady place: butler-iuaker and milker, good
place, s:;o: foreman on ranch, S5O; cooks, waiters,
tiishwasheri and others. \V. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay .st. . ■
\ V AITEK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30, ROOM,
»» etc.: call early. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market.
\\r a n ted FiRST-CLASS butler FOR
" family; in country; $50; references required.
Apply MISS PLUNK 424 Sutter st.
I,' IRST-C LASS DRY-GOODS SALESMAN FOR
X a first-claus house in this city. Call at once on
United States Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building.
p ENTLEMAN OF GOOD ADDRESS, WITH
VX push and energy, to represent new corporation.
Address N. C. box 62, Call Office.
MEN AND BOYS— A GOOD CHANCE TO
''I m:k- money fast arid respectably. For par-
ticulars call or address 632 Market St., room 10.
Postoflice box 2299. .'
17IRST-CLASS COOK; UNDERSTANDING
1 German and French cooking; must have gooa
references. 3100 Washington St., cor. Octavia,
bet. 20 an i 12 o'clock.
W ANTED— STRONG B>)Y TO PoTISH
»» stoves. W. S. RAY MFG CO., California and
Drum sts.
U ST RIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
-1 secure steady, rrofitable employment by ad-
dressing S. A., box &3, Call Oflice.
JJOYSTO IUSTKIBUTE BILLS. CALL AT 9
' O'clock 41 Stevenson st., bet. First and Sfcorid.
pESPECTA BLK \V H ITK'StTV ABOUT 15 FOR
housework. Apply after 10 a. m. 1213^2 Clay.
j^RIVER FOR LAUNDBY-WAGON, A DDRESS
XJ Driver, box 109, Call Office.
\r OUNG TAILuR WANTED. 2118 MISSION
-1- street.
i\[ ANTED— BOY TO LEARN THE BARBERS'
'♦ trade. 709 Davis st.
TOBBEB IN A PLUMBING-SHOP. 9 OAK ST.
(>i.-.m.xS ■ Ulliu WANTS A PARTNER IN
VJT respectable saloon i eood country town 30
mtlea from San raticisco. with $175; to make
himself useful and look after the place. . Call from
to 4 (>'( lock at 112 seventh st. . •. - . :
pA.tTNJSR w a NTKDIN RESTAURANT; NO
Ljßxperlence_necessary. " 6 Sacramento st. ■:. ' . ■
BA 5 BE RS^H".vTI< r INTERESTIN GOOD PA Y-
ingsaop, cuap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Eliis st.
HKLP WAXTED-Contlnued.
BARB ER-SH O l"7 : (^^^R^-25<rS?lA : VlS(i';
chance to make money. Call and see STOLTZ,
63 ) Market st.
T7AH B E"R-SIIOP ON EAST ST.; CAN BE
• bought, for $75; fair wages In it. Call at 630
Market st. and see STuLTZ. .
"W ANTED— BOY BETWEEN 16 AND 20 FOR
» i omce work. Address 0., box 92, Call Office.
OEAMEN FOR SYDNEY, NEW YORK AND
O other ports. Apply 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
W ANTED-AN A DVERTISING SOLICITOR.
" Mission Mail Office, 1035 Howard.
2 GOOD CANVASSERS FOR SHOW CARDS
wanted. 9 Geary st., room 2.
\\T a NTED— EXTRA WAITER. 210 SECOND
'» street. ■
\\T ANTED— A BOY TO DO CHORES AT THE
'* Sheppard House, San Quentin, Cal.
SALOON"PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
-0 perience not necessary; soma money. 633
Howard st. .
GOOD BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE. APPLY
301 Castro St., cor. Twenty-fourth.
ARBER FIXTURES FOR SALE, WHOLE OR
piece. 1t!56 Mission st.. near Thirteenth.
f PETE NT MAN TO BUY A M ILK STORE
V.' for $600 that pays from 575 to $100 a month
clear: only about $350 cash necessary. M. R..
box 59, Call Office. .
1 00 irEN ' TO GKT A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
Lv/V clean towel to each; bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14V2 Montgomery aye.
BARBER- SHOP FOR -"RUNNING
3 chairs. felVi Fourth st.
■\7-OUNG MAN WANTS AVINDOW AND
x house cleaning In exchange for board, or janf-
tor's work or office-cleaning at low wages. Ad-
dress R. A., box 16, Call Office.
Kfif) men -TO GET A stylish and Dl7R-
*J\Jvt able shoe made to order at $2 50; repairing
at half price. 959 Howard sr.
■VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-i Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
rpilE RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
x St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house Tv town.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELLX'OOKED: S
conrseg, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARB ERS, ATTENTION !-THE EMPLOY
ment office of the Barbers' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found until further notice witn P. C.
HAM ANN, 238y 2 O'Farrell st; don't be mislead
by other advertisements. J. KLITCH, President.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
_ retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
WANTED— MEN WHO i"l)6 NOT RECEIVE
' » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Suiter, r. 4.
R~ OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
] |]A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
1 ' '\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
\\ A ED- MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
*' steam beer. Scfbottle wine. sc. 609 Ciay st.
EN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LATHES' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELL HOUSE; SIXTH AND lIOWARD-
XJ single fLrmshed rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
1 EARN A TRADE— SIGN OR PICTORIAL
JJ painting taught for $5: great opportunity . D.
LEVY, 35 Eighth St., San Francisco.
OARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION c m plo y-
J> tnent. secretary. CONBAD TBOULL. 657 Clay.
\\' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $S per week.
ANTED— SINGIiBISoOMS,MBcA"- i DAY::SI
• ' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
IT* REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
r also a bottl tof lagt-r, sc, at 'J37 Clay st.
MOZART. 319 ELLIs, BOOMS 25C TO 50C
J'l night, $1 25 to SB week; reading rooms.
j/RK,. COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME:
i sinsle rooms lf>c, 20c a ni&ht, $1 a week.
BEST IN CIT/— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
26 cents per night; SI, fl 25, SI 50 pAr weeic
1 aclflc House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
Af\f\ MEN'S SitCOND-H ANDED »Ut)i!,S.»OIIE
Iv\J nearly new. 25c to $) 25. 662 Mission st.
rpKY ACME HOL'SK, BS7 .MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for n room : 25c r ni^ht; $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINK FOR BKPAIB-
»' ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission at., bet. First and Second.
AtiEMS HA>TKD
Tr^N^ElT^^R^n^rß^^lTA^S^A^^ so-
'• licitors to sell a. new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's appurel; never has been placed on the
market. For further information call at 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal.; call from 1 to 6 i\ M.
"WANTED-GOOD BOLICITOB TO ACT AS
'» city agent for well-established Hrm. Apply
at 1002 Polk st.
NEKGETiC AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
<me house coal. Address Coal, box 163, Call.
/ ALIFOII^IA"MUfUAL : BENEFTr SOCIETY
\J wants eood agents to work its accident end
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. MANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
Fl KMTURE WASTED
"A B^oTuYriTA-^iTTHlc^f^ifiA^T^^ FOR
A second-hand furnilure and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market si.: call or senii postal.
SOU alii WA.VTKD.
UNN Y F^O^TnRWM^ViETiFsTO VE~AJ?D
O good plain board tor lady; central: state terms.
Address R., box 53, Call Office.
WANTED— OB 3 UNFURNISHED CON-
»» nec;ing rooms, or otherwise. in home family;
sunny; with grate; man and wife; on car route;
permanent. Address X.. toy 92, Call Office.
—————— ——-_—___
BOARDING WANTED.
CUNNY ROOM \V ItIS^^D^LAIN^OARD
0 In companionable family, for invalid lady; no
objection to distance. Address, with terms, room
710. 927 .Market st.
PBOPEKTV WANTK I*.
IF YOU LlKFrTTrs^LirpTtm'lhrßTY^L^ASE
call at 462 Twelfth st. I hUe to buy for cash a
4-room house with lot, or empty lot in Oakland ;
not over $1000. G.LUCAS.
ROPERTY W ANTE I) — CHEA P CORNER
business property; $3000 to $20,000; give net
income nnd location; no agents. Investor, box
89. Call Office,
TEiiJ-Jils LliS^i^A. 1 Us.
7 gal2Sn¥m^l£^a^teddalilyTsubs
1«J pay. Leave ordtr Third and Howard sts.
WANTED— AN 8 OR 10 DRAWER SHAN-
»» non cabinet letter file. Address, with particu-
lars, C. 1.., box 122, this office. . .
ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at half the regular pric?.
DECSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., third rioor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
. e'.rv to A. KI.KI.N. 109 Sixth st . yenfl postal.
LOST.
r\ E BTIPICATE OF DEPOSIT XS NAMI OF
VJ MICHA L CUBRY on Nevada Batik. Under
please return to bank.
TRAY ON MONDAY' EVENING OR
Tuesday morning, white Spitz do^:. Finder will
be suitably rewarded by returning same to 1920
Pine st. •
I T OST— SMALL HUNTING- CASE LADY'S
XJ gold watch, going from McAllister to Pine, on
Fillmore-st. ci\r: picture of gentleman on face.
Return 1240 McAllister; reward.
TOST— CHAIN BB AC X I XT ; INITIALS B. E.
\-i on lock; liberal reward. Return 625 Eddy.
LOST —SATURDAY A. M., "PUKSJU CON-
taining money. Return 11 Els;in Park; re-
ward.
M" ONEY. BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted by th<- Co-operative Paper-
hanging company, 635 McAllister st.
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
1.1 Saving and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of Bessie Galvin (No. 167121). The
finder will please re urn to bank.
FOUAI>. ~
IpOUND— HUNTING-CASE SIITer^WATCh".
' Address E. C. S., G36 Post st.
T/iOUND— II LACK SETTER DOG. APPLY* 1613
r Polk st.
FOR' «At,K— MISChLLAStOI fe.
100 (\(\(\ SECOND- HAND "brTcK FOR
X\J\J.\J\J\J sale: s'cond-hand lumber of alt
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk St., Fif.
teenth and Dolores. :
N>W '95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
1 bicycle, $40. 8.. box 79, Cal).
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the fiictory and snv« middle-
man's profit; \va will treat you right. CALIFOR-.
NIA RATTAN COM PANY", 61 First St., near Mis-
sion. ■
AR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
\/l ONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES fOi.
•j-'i- sale or given away. . X AHN it CO., 220 Cal. St.
BELLOV.'.s, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
\? i RE AND BURGLAR safu, letter-
J- press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102
Clay st. - . • - .
I7NCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
x!i old bookstore, 15 Fourth si.
0~NE" SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and bnrglnr proof safe. 22!, 223 Market s;.
MEW BANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-*
XX hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
pOUNT E X S, sIfETvTNGT"sHOWCASKS
\_/ bought and sold llaiVaMarke- beu 7tHandB:H
PERSONALS.
I^^6TnCRF^TO~GISo^r~BUT "I°MUST
• see you ; for a long time I feel so sick and ner-
vous; I could not help it, although I am very
sorry. C. K.
tsexdezvous OF the fashionable
J\ world at Odd Fellows' Hall this evening at 8
o'clock. Tickets 50c, admitting gentleman ana
ladies.
S BEG TO EXPRESS OUR MOST HEART-
■felt thanks to the employers of the South San
Francisco Packing Company and all the kind
friends that have attended the funeral of my dear
husband, WILLIAM PAPE, also the Chosen
Freinds No. 190, O. C. F.
His Bereaved Wife and Childbex.
O-HN S. JOHNSON (STONE-CUTTER) —IF
you see this, communicate with E. W. M.
EVANS, Petaluma, Cal.
RESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
U located ; for sale cheap. Address D. M., box
63, Call Offlce.
TVTEW PROGRESSIVE WINDOW AKDHOCSK
-L> cleaning Co. -.floors scrubbed contracts :day,wk
or mo. F. CARNOVAL <fc C 0.,29 Eddy. TeL S. 252.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
X Klass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c-
11x14 and 12x16. 20c; 16x20, 30c: 20x24, 45c.
JuNEs, 547 Mission st.
E"~ GYPTIAN HENNA. $1; HAIRDYE, PER-
fectly harmless. Langley-Michaeis Co.; all
chemists: Hubbard's 923, Hauptll's. 1156 Market.
L^OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
JI STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
ANCING FOR BALLROOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
A RTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars aadress or apply 424
Pine st.
PAPER CLEANED BY NEW LIGHT-
»» ning process: ■no muss or dirt. Address
LOUIS E. SCHOLL, National Wall Paper Clean-
Ing Co., 207 Montgomery st.
HAIR DRESSING ANY STYLE, WAVING
XX included: excellent switches and front pieces
forsl; hair chains made to order from $2 50 up;
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Stockton
St. B. SPITZ, G. LEDEHER successor.
LE. PHILLIPS, GENERAL PRACTICE IN
• U. S. and State courts; damage cases. Offices,
725-726 Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
C'IOME, HAVE YOUR FEATHER BEDS, PIL-
) lows filled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE.
ffl» 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<iX) X floor. 206 Leavenworth si.
LECTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WIN-
X2J Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
RS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
.laros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figu es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
t) Sutter st., beiween Stockton St. and Grant aye.,
where the best of coal can bo had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE UT— *
Oak Roll Top Desks .....$l4 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets... *17 60 np
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 time payments. . J. NOON AN,
1017. 101&. 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
IBEUAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
TAAA BUSINESS CARDS. $1 50: TELE-
IUuv phone "Black 141." H 1LL. 724 V Market.
UITS MADE TO ORDER OF ELEGANT
remnants for 10; samples and self-measure-
men', on application. LEON LEMOS, MerchauS
Tailor, 1332 Market st.. San Francisco.
Q ECOND-H A AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, J023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
LIJ BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission St.. near Eighth.
(£="!«} SUITS TO OKDER; SAMI'i.K BY MAIL.
*JpX^j NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor, 1 1 5 Kearny.
CILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
t mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OLD tSOLD, bILVEK, OENTb AND LADLE*
clothing bou«;hc. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-£\- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for maittng.
DKhS»iIAKi.KS.
DRESSES CUT ANDFITTED7?3T~DREsiES~,
popular prices; waists. s3. 11 Geary St.
UITS $3: SKIBTB 75c: CHILDREN'S SUITS
$1 up. 659 Stevenson st. ; fit guaranteed.
P" ROFESSOR LI VINGSTO N DRESS-CUT-
tlng school removed to 627 Larkln St.
LOD(a\G-HO!lSK8 FOR SALE.
\TOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE;
-L> from *150 to $5000. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
qrOXfl ...... ........»260... .......................
<Ir^uU. $250
$250 CASH: BALANCE...
easy payments: 19-room house: price 9860
18 rooms; best corner in city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st , 850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3,500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
32 rooms to exchange for real estate 1,6.10
10- room house: very central 250
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
11. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor. Taylor,
').r ROOM LODU ING-HOUSE. DOING GOOD
»>»J business, for city real estate: would assume
mongH or sell cheap on account of affliction.
865y 2 Mark, t St., room 9.
Of*" | A STJTTP^R — NICE SUNNY bay-win-
- Itt do .v fiat; garden ana back yard; modern;
$1«.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: ALL RENTED: NEW T -
ly furnished: bargain. H., box 77, Call.
T. ODGING-HOUSE, WITH FRUITSTORE;
J i ci'pitp: easy lenns. 3129 Sixteenth st.
I'UKNITUICK FOIt SALK.
Oryj^Mr^lTTN^^rFT^nfoil SALE VEBY
OKJX^i cheap, furniture of four rooms, complete
for housekeeping, including fine water-back range
and wardrobt-.
CARPETS, FOLDING-BED^ LOUNGE, EX-
V^ tension-table, icechest. 323 Scott St.. cor. Oak.
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE JTOCK. NEW AND
second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 253:
ranges. $6: cash or installments: goods shiopeJ
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
BARGAINS INTURNITURE AND AR-
-C ticles of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st.
BOOMS, OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE. SBO
.r Elegant Brussels carpet laid 4'> c
Heavy Linoleum laid 400
Floor Oilcloth 200
New Bedlounsjes, our own make... $5 50
SHIKKK A- SHIREK. 1310-12 Stockton, nr.Val.ii>.
CAKPET CLEANING.
JE. MlTCHiELlTc^R^E^LE^rrNCrcor^Jo
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ARPETS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J renovated same as new. 8. FERGUSON fc
CO.. 23 Tenth st. Telephone number, bou:li 36.
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEV mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
TVTATIONAL CARPE'FBEATING AND RENO-
±y vatlng Works HAMPTONdtBAILLY; layin?
ami a::eritis. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Car-
-1 et Beatini Works. H53-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
/ tONKHNS CARPET BEATING WOKK3. 6S:
\J rjolrt.'n Cali» »v<». : telephone fast 126.
li (jl.Si is.
FINE STYLISH SACDLK HORSE, THOR-
otighly trained. H.. box t), Call Oilice, Oakland.
HORSKs PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hvle
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I A SETS NEW AN D SECOND-HAND HAR-
X*J\J ness: also wagons, buggies and horses:
contracting outfit: sand wr.gons and scrapers. ll'.'S
Mission st.
D~~ r. <5Th. WIiSTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
geon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hail aye.: telephone south 401.
II) HOBS ES~FGR SALE; ALSO WAiiilV'
I\f buggies, carts, harne«j; Grand Arcade Ilorsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wc'ie*
day. SULLIVAN <t DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOO SKTS SECOND-HAND HAKNBSS; ALi
X\J\J kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, cam;
also 'Z0 c.-.i-an horses. _ Fifteenth and Valencia s:^.
"ITAIiiKM-i A-nl> i AUliiAtiES.
TVriSII TO BUY EASY7.IDIN7rcrRT';"sEAT
»T for two; no horse motion; state price. J P
M., 177 Orange Viil,-, Cnl.
— — — BICKCI.ES'. ~~~
wTNT>s7sß"ii^T("LirsTnsT^TCTryr~mGli
■" grade; no stamping: all lathe-work; cones
?" o l ISPl SPj ll Ily guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
OROt-T&Cp., 324 Post St., ->. ¥.
"DARK CYCLEBY— NBW WHEELS TO LET-
J- best, accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ua!
Al lister Pow.-u st.. car linea.
SKWJLNe aiACillNiih. •
A L^ KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED
a^- rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
DENTED $1 50 MONTHLY: SECOND-HAND
At machines from $3 upward; Domestic, New
Home, White, singer itt half-price. 145 Sixth st.
PHYSICIAN'S.
"r\R.A.])K LUCIS.PHYSICN-sTnTaEONTROYAL
xy£njverslty_Turln, Nucleus h1dg.661 Ma'rkt
\|KS. UR. PAKLOW, CHIROPODIST. 126
Att Kearny. n,i. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
DEMOViSD- DB. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
■*■*> Market st.; diseases of women a specialty.
BPSTygS^_CHAyCE^.^^^
fflTonrr^OßEAT SALOON CHANCE; SUUE-
«JpOUU. ly worth twice the amount askeri ; liv-
in^-rooms connected; is upon one of our principal
streets. Apply KENNY & McLEAN, 777 Market
Ai/u\ PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST -
«S)U:UU. class cash business: owner will gu aran-
tee as paying clear $200 ncr mouth: trial al lowed
before buying. Apply iCENNY & MCLEAN, 777
M et St., room 7.
O1 1 llfl BAKERY FOR SALE; DOING A
rh)Xl''U, traae of at least 7 barrels per day;
long lease of premises: owner retiring from busi-
ness, and will guarantee the business; more than
value. Apply KENNY <Jc McLEAN, 777 Market.
fTIO SELL A BUsfNKSS OF ANY KIND QUICK
1 for cash see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
G'O^n BUTCHERS, ATTE f FISiB
(JsZOU. shop. 2 horses, 2 wagons; cutsup2'/a
to 3 cattle per week; cash custom. STRAND <fe
CO., 45 Third st.
®Ot|| PARTNER WANTED IN COMMIS-
tFOOVt. sion business; clears $300 per month.
STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q* 7 X RESTAUR ANT, Al LOCATION";
tJp-TltJ. pays well; must sell on accOUDl o» de-
partnre; great bargain. ST RAND, 45 Third st.
CL'tJwn SALOON MEN ATTENTION: OLD
_)OO\J. established saloon: pays well; actu-
ally worth $600. STRAND & CO., 48 1 hird st. f£
(jr. "I "fr. BRANCH BAKER V, 3 ROOMS;
tJIUU. good trade; bargain. STRAND, 45 3d.
ORNER OBOCEKY AND BAR: BARGAIN
KJ if sold this week. STRAND, 45 Third st.
CjOnrt SALOON: FULL VALUE STOCK;
iJ)iWn, fixtures glven.away; block off Market;
account death. STENBERG & TREI bEIt, 632
Market st.
AKERY. COFFEE PARLOR; VERY BEST
location; finest fltted-up place in city : has very
large counterand outside trade; positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERG & TREIBER, 632 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel.
(DjFLXA PARTNER RESTAUKA AND
yp«JO\J. chophouse near transfer point big day
and night trade; guarantee clear $75 monthly]
full Investigation; trial before buying. BTEN
BERG TREIBKR, 632 Market st.
OAf) RESTAURANT NEWLY FITTED
i«"V/. up; rent and water taken out In board;
too night or Sunday work; receipts $10 daily; big
bargain. STENBERG TREIBER, 632 Market st.
<S9OAn WHOLESALE COMMISSION MER-
fJpJj\J\J\J» chant of good standing and reputa-
tion wants partner in produce and commission
house; controls large trade from all points of th«
Pacific Coast: grand opening for some industrioug
man; guarantee clear $200 month: chance in a
lifetime. STENBERG&TREIBER. 632 Market st.
HEN YOU ARE DIBGUSTED WITH OTH-
»T ers and w*;nt to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIDY & CO., i:-n ... Sixth st.
LD ESTABLISHED LODGING-HOUSE, INT
connection with fine saloon: doing gooa busi-
ness; fine location; investigate this. REIDY <fe
CO., 13y 3 Sixth st. ;
ATOTICE — HAVING SEVERAL BUYERS
J.N willing to Invest in legitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
Q*Af\(\ ROUTE FOR SALE; HORSE AND
<ipa:Uw. light wagon: clearing $70 to $80 per
month; trial given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st,
Ji. Qf\(\ PARTNER IN CONTRACTING
»IpOUl/. business, to attend office and collecting.
HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
GjOOnri ONE OF THE FINEST SALOON 3
i£)ZiZAj\J . on Market st. paying over all ex-
penses $350 monthly. JOHNSTON CO., 26V,
Kearny st.
O_AC\{\ GROCERY AND BAR ATASACI'J-
iiT^W. fice. JOHNSTON, 2t)i / 3 Kearny st.
(JJJ QA/i RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
tJIOUU. dairy business; oid established; gooa
trade: profits $125 a month; can be Improved.
JOHNSTON. 26i/ 2 Kearny st.
<3!zlflfl FINE VINi. CITY ROUTE WITH
%prt\J\J. 600 customers: clearing over $75
monthly: week's trial. JOHNSTON, 261/3 Kearny.
ANTED— RELIA BLE MAN A 8 PABTNER
'» in erocery and bar; must have S4OO cash; 110
risk. JOHNSTON, 26y 2 Kearny st.
&981111 COBNEB LIQUOR STORE DOING
*iP — OvM". a business of 830 per day, clearing
$250 month; you can have month's trial; finest "f
liquora and cigars. HEALY-, 2:; Kearnyst. . = ■
S4OO::::::::::::::::Jg8:::::::::::::::::::::::::
Restaurant, clearing $100 per month.
Apply to DECKEB, 1206 Market street
Gf I9^ CANDY-STORE; FURNISHED RMs.;
<%) l^O. cheap. BABBETT & CO., 86GV2 Mtet.
tt^r;f| Fl RST - CLASS HOME B KEI V,
>JU\J. with all-counter trade of Sl6 to $20 |w r
day; No. 1 location: living-rooms furnisSied"* tr.al
given. BARRETT «fc SK !I- I . 865y Market St.
FOR BU I CHEB-SHOP SLAruil-
t^r-hous^ in fiourishing country town, 40 miles
from city: doing large business; icehouse, borsea
wagons, etc. REIDY & CO., 18% Sixth st.
OR SALE-bT XXXV; COMPLETE; GOO"5
r stand; long lease; low rent: besl of reasons
for selling. Inquire room 43, \l2O Sutter st., or
premises, 3026 Sixteenth st. -\'.
OR SALE— REASONABLE: RARE CHANCE
. for a good mechanic, with some business nliil-
ity, to engage tn a fine machine-ship, alreudv es-
tablished and in running order, In <);iklarnt: low
rent for shop and dwelling; part cash, pan trade.
Apply to J. 8., 512 California, r.n. 14, 12 to 3 r. m.
\ N ES-TABLISHEDLADY HAIR-DRESSER,
A in most desirable location, will accomi
a lady with cosmetics, a manicure or chiropodist
with use of parlors: very reas 'nable terms to de-
-slrable party. Address H. <<.. lo\ 122. Call O mce.
INTEREST IN ESTABLISHED -MAXUFAC-
I turlng business; staple article: good trade;
large profits; full investigation desired; no agent 3*
$800 required. Addn I:., box 3. Call.
ICE MILLINERY STORE AND LIVINO-
-L> rooms; good stock; north of Market; wi:i sell
cheap. Address!)., 948 Mission st.
QftflO RESTAURANT -ALL NEW FIX-
«JPUUV/. tures, at a sacrifice: account sickness-
part cash. R., box 104, Call Ofllce.
U-.ANTKII-LADY OR GENTLEMAN I AUK
»» ncr as cashier in good resiaurant. Addresa
MRS. L., box 54, Call OiHce.
FOR SAI.E-BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUSl-
ness and location; bargain to right party At>-
ply Call Office. *^
roR SALE-GOOD-PAYING HOME BAKER
X confectionery, icecream and candy parlor'
cheap rent; 5 living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
KESJTAUBANT— ST.; CHEAP: __g.
_ugreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
T IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. 2J3THIRDST"
"I7OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— FIRST-CLASS
X corner saloon; besl location in city: established
over 30 years; rine fixtures and lar^e stock
would like to exchange for ranch or city DrODenv
Address 11. F.. box 61, Call Ifflce. " " "
G K i -s V ANFBAK FOR SALE.-INOUIBK 1
VJ 1783 Mission, corner Fourteenth.
\ TTENTION LIQUORMh;:;. "
XX French »q«or-store, corner, in Western Addi-
tion; established years; must be sold in 3 days;
I sickness; hxures, etc., $600; stock at cost. r"a r
ticnlars 633 California st.. PhoenU Bar. WILKK.
BUTCHEB-SHOP: DOING GOOD BUSINESS!
X) must be sold. 507 Eilis st. : - : . »*««»J
■ $225 BBANCH BAKERY, CANDY, BTA-
- — lU tionery store; i living-rooms; rent $18:
no agents. 341 1.0 Fjfi.li st. '
13ESTAURANT TO LET, WITH COMPLETE
11 outfit; best location in the city; must be ex-
perienced man. Address s.. box 2, Call Office.
TJ ABDWABE-8TOBB( NEW AND BEOND-
XX hand, at halt price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 546 Mission st.
Vf AN WITH $300 1O »500 IN A F'RST~
I i»x class business; ] rolits trom 525 to $50 uer
week. Address M., box 18, this offlce.
OLD ESTABLISHED COFFI SALOOXAXD
restaurant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery ay.
(£•99^ BBANCH BAKEKY AND CHOICE
ffl -Ji.u. grocjrits; living rooms partly fur-
nished ; a bargain. Call at store. 921 \/_ Howard st.
%1 f) QRARE CHANCE FOR A YOUNO
'r V ' man; P eddlln route with general mer-
cliandise, etc.. In b thriving country town near San
Francisco; established fivi> years; can be large ly
increased; owner invalid. Address T.. box 88
this office. ■ •
S^ff^.gfinsVL l>^ BFßa V oluggg
PARTNER WANTED IN ESTABLISHED
1 horseshoeing business with small capital Ad-
dress Horseshoer. box 79, this office.
T\BUGBTOBE FOR A BONG-PAYOTG BUSN
-L/ ness ingood locality: fixtures comple and
rent low: bu: small ca ital necessary f we must
sell. Address M. N., care of Call Ofljce.O
g-A LOON FOIt SALE: CHEAP. , 427 FOURTH
T^RUIT AND PBODUCE BUSTNI 38; GOOD
J horse and family and transient trade-
cheap rent. 7 "4* Market st.. cor. Oough. "v
I \ AKERY. INQUiKK s. A. Dillim-.u I'AKIC
L» house, cor Mission and Tweuty-four'h sts
from 9to 12, room 40. " " slBm
\A USl' BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY 1-2 K\%
J. G. j. REDERICKij, owner.
] \\: A.M'EU-l'AiiT.VhK WITH SOME CA.S
; » ' ital, lady or (tent, in light paying business Ad-
dress A. M. BOSS, P. O. box 1Q32, -un Jose, Cal
flfc^ftn STtJ( -' '■■'• COMPLETE OF ai-ACIIE
pOVy. poultry ranch near Fruitvale; lodk
I lease: low rent. 34 Donohoe building.
j LUBSt- SALOON FOH SALE- LOC v"
bo X ti i°i n J. t (^, e on\ e^ c - Pa " ltula « «»««i. f 6.,
— — —
GOOD OPPORTUNITY ~FOb" an invest.
VJ ment of about $50,00:) in safe commercial
busines-s. Address R. P.. bos 43, this offlce.
fpK-1000 BOU * rjS *•'*>» salk; evenixo
WJWyj. paper: pays &1 50 per month. Apply
this offlce. ' lf/
—-_-___ .
STJTitAtJJS
OVE RLAND 'rRANSFER^tH)"
1' lflh and Bluxome sts.-Furnlture and goods
packed, shipped and stored ; 9 largo Breprool ware-
houses: low rales; advances made. Tei. souch 888,
I QTpBAGEOf" tobnh v&k, PIANOS. H008E:
Ojbold goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE, 735 Marteetwj
1 \ MLSON BROTxI ERS. 1710 MARKET^
''Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
X 421-423 Market st. CHaS. L, TAYLOR.Hnr«F.< TO r>ET.
90H FiH^gnßo^M^T^^TwrrH stable
— •>'■> attached in rear, ifs. ' '- -.' .'
SUNNY HOUSE ROOMei; MODERN IM-
kJ provements, 780 Ci pp st.: also house 5 rooms,
bath and st-able; 107, Gcrmanla Bt^ near Fillmore.
QTORE'AJa) 11 ROOMS AND HOUBI OF. 6
O rooms at -Jt» Natoma st. Apply BALDWIN &
IIAMMOND. _____I__
HOUSE— 7 KOOSll?: MODERN lIMPROVE-
ments: opp. <- arfield sq. Apply 1216 Treat ay.
HOI'SK: 8 ROOMS: IN G 0D CONDITION:
516 Howard st. Apply P. C. MOLLOY, 138
Montgomery.
O 1 1) Lower flat. 3 jane PLACK, off
*_ I— . Pine St., near Masou.
SVNN- CORNER : lI. AI. 7 ROOMS, BATH
ren: 127 50. 333 Haitht St., cor. Webster.
C«7 3 lUlOMS: REAR. 73 n Ml'l.K, OFF
O i . Foiaom. bet. T«'nth and Eleventh. .
"QOfj, REDUCED FROM $40: NICE MODERN
•V«Jv». borne of - nwras. Anply 15 Grant aye.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.: rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
O by renting a house from BALDWIN 4v HAM
>1 1 iS 1 • 10 Montgomery si.
CO i TAGES TO LBT.
1 EXTRAL AVK. COTTAGE; B ROOMS;
*-J.\J bath; key at 2917 Bush St.
C, : 6 BOOMS A JSDi BATH," V U R N ISH-
ed or unfurnished, cheap. 2521 McAllister st.
S-i AND 5 ROOMS,
O batn. basement and yard. 634 15th, nr. Dolores.
QUSTIC Y. COTTAOK,"S ROOMS ; f B ATH," F OW-
O pr garden: loc-iilioti line: ■-''■ T-i- Capp St.
irATS 'i'O LET.
Q CSSY jfS PPErTS L\ V - wl N DONVTT^OOMS;
O bath; modern iinprovcii:ents; very convenient.
6 Monroe st., off Bush (north), bet. Powell and
Stockton.
\'K. corner~of"lagunX~and~ell~is—
IA rooms; batb; modern Improvements; rentSoO;
water include;).
T^URN ISHED FLAT: 7 ROOMS; BATH. 1312
J Larkin stJ7 near California; call lltol.
91 4i fair oaks— sunny new lower
- 112 at; 5 rooms and bath; $17 50. UMBSKN
<i- CO., 14 Montgomery s .
• ,- ' 1 SUTTER— M^UicRN BAY -WINDOW
--" I- "i snncy flat; yard front and rear; 116.; .
i'LAT: 6 ROOMS; l;.\l li; YARD; BASEMENT".
» 327 Haight st.
XT E W U P PER Fj.AT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH ;
-L* unary tubs, varii and cellar: stable if rie-
Riruble; rent •>-di!. 17 Sharon st., bet. Fifteenth
and sixteenth. Sanchez and Church.
Q I' > Jr'LAT 4 ROOMS, HAIA. AND YARD.
0i- — • 444 Clementina st., near Sixth.
1 AAfOAK- NE\vTLAT; 4 SUNN V ROOMi,
X\J\! I batb and basemoot. . j
Q9l HOWAUD-i'LAT OF 4*ROOMS AND
*J^.l. bath.
OA7-209 WEBSTER— SUNNY FLATS OK 6
—v' I and 7 rooms; new 9 renovated; rent reas-
onaMo.
4. . ST..
"i near Lot' ; new; modern- bath, vtc. ' *
| Q7l HAIGHT. Nl if Ii LLMOBE— ifLAT, 4
1013 sunny rooms, basement: rent f 11-
-9 UPPER BAY-W I • SUNNY FLATS;
— newly papered, 5 aud 7 rooms; 318 Shotwell
st. 130 Church st.
9 NEW, ELEGANT. SUNNY, UPPER 0O KN'ER
— flats of 6 rooms ar.d.hath. 1232 Eighteenth st.
5t Ql2 SUNNY. lI. AI-: 13 ROOMSIEACH.T37
t^ltJ. Dore st.. off Harrison, near Ninth.
liTWELLSI 6 ROOMS
'handsomely papered; bath; b£sem>at; quie:
horn- for old ople; if 23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
i~~VLAT, ti SUNNY ROOM*ST?2O'; COTTAGE, 6
i room?, ? 15. Key 1706 Hyde 8U
y I N E"s s v 1 i'n:i; T L^A.Y;~7 ROO M s. BATH
-» and improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
tSUXX^ K<" .MS. AlU'. $14; ALSO
sunny c(i;tnire, 4 rooms, yard, cellar, $11. Sec-
ond st., near Townsend.
V CORNER FLAT OF 8 ROOMS. BATH
J-> and every known convenience. 1239 Pinest.
L LAT— UPPI B 1 I.A I OF i NNY ROOMS
I and bath: 1262 Kiebteenth st. rent $13: new
building. BALDW & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
"CjTo SUNNY UPt'KR 3-ROOM FLAT. 522
S?O- Howard St., near First.
(JI'N'XY F LAT 3~ROOM!«: GARIiKN; ALSO
O.one 4 rooms, bath: fl3 sni - '. 6. 1706 Pos st.
j - FLAT I>F 5 LA IU;~E~ITUNNY RO MS
•_ i •'. and bath; water free. 814 Nln< teenth
Bt , bet. Noe and Sanchez.
<j " FLAT UF 5 LARGE SUNNY KOOMS
'„ 10. an<! tta'.h; water free. 25 Ford s., bet.
Seventeenth aiul Eighteenth. Noe an I Sanchez.
IS, SI ENTH -: „ Bfc-
JU low Riyant. 5 and 6 rooms, barn: $S to $16.
\'j:w sunny upper i--T.AT~i castro !
-1-' cable: 6 roon;s. t;uh : ?15. was $22: see photo- j
grafih. S. I>. MOVET, 50S California et.
OAVKI>-Di.'LLAHS«, OIMKH AND- NICKELS
0 by rtntine a rlet. from BALDWIN <£ MAM-
MONK - ttomgon-*rv B , j
UOLstKJEKI'INU B4JUBU.
Clara !»tr*ot.
AC) CLARA. NEAR FOURTH— 8 Fl RN I-HF.D
*ity rooms; bath: for housekeeping.
Ji«l<ly Street.
71 Q EDDY— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
I 1.0 rooms.
_ _
Kllia Street.
"I 9 A i:i.l. — a HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
J — ' also ?uite.s and singie: gas; running water.
1 ifth reet.
OO- FIFTH ST.— 2 AND 3 UNFURNISHED
«J— »-» rooms; ?7 and $10.
J9QI FIFTH-SU sTn"y FRONT ROOMS AND
~l—O-i kitchen furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
1 01-ioin Str«-et. -^*
1 9QQ FOLSOM, NEAR NINTH — $11; 3
.1 — ')'J rooms.
TourtH 1 treet.
OA 7 FOURTn — 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
OU 1 fror.t rooms f<rr housekeeping: rent $10.1
JQ-| FOURTH — NICELY FURNISHED
'I- 7 ! rooms foi boaaekee privato family;
cheap rent.
Fulton Street.
] 1 (> FULTON— FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
X -LU plete for housekeeping; very cheap.
Ueary St weet.
1 Ql 1 ( ' F -^ RY . OPP. THE PARK— fI6; AL-
LOXX cove suite and adjoining room, with Dor-
ce'ain sink; bath: 3closeti: partly furnished.
111! 7 "i-.AI.V — parlor! BEDROOM,
X'J J t dinins-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries: $24.
t.o;ilei! Gate Avenue.
QC\O oou>EN oate AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
OvO rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
700 HARRISON-KITCHEN. 3 BEDROOMS
I •*•' and bath: furnished for housekeeping- on
the same floor; rent $18.
■Ji-niH! Street.
Al(\ JESSIE-2 SUNNY BASEMENT ROOMS.
tIU nicely furnished for housekeeping.
KeAUistor Street.
Qdf) MCALLISTER — SUNNY FURNISHED
tltu rooms; with or without housekeeping.
ZnT*l MCALLISTER— LARGE, HUNN*y7¥urT
Uxt/2 nished room, with every convenience for
housekeeping; cheap.
Miiision Street.
BOQ MISSION— ' HOUSKKEEPI.Vf; ROOMS-
•>O furnished witu everything; $6,fS amenth!
Oft.fl MISSION-SUNNY FCRNISHED O .
OIJI3 L.nfurniBhed rooms: *3 and npward.
(jO'l MISSION ■. COMPLETELY FUR-
■ '— • >•£ nished gunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
clusive bath and porch.
"I 1 1 - X MISS fb N - BEAUTIFUL FRONT
.1 \ l'jtJ double B&rlors; newly furnished; house-
keeping. .
1 9f19 MISSION, CORNER EIGHTH— LARGE
' — "— sunny furnished rooms; light housekeep-
ing; cheap.
I /j9 j MISSION FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
I l '— 1 housekeeping; not connecting; sttiiabie
for 2; cheap.
Mil th Street. ~~~
] 17 NINTH-FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
II I nished sunny bay-window rooms for lictse-
g"g*T>'ng.
AC\A NINTH— THREE NICE HOUSEKEEP-
-iU'X ing rooms; furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
I'ogt street.
Q99 POST—2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
<J—-j housekeeping; rent $10.
lowel! Street.
AftQ rOWELL-3 FURNISHED ROOMS j-OR
ri \Jtj housekeeping; lady's board taken for rent.
Sixteenth st reet.
9Qr|9 SIXTEENTH, COR. HOWARD — 2
-OU- front rooms, furnished, housekpg; $10.
Mock ton Street.
"I r(\ c J STOCKTON— 2 LARGE ROOMS FUR-
I I UO nished coniplete for housekeeping; rent
v 1 .
I O')f\ STOCKTON-2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
_LO.£iU rooms complete for housekeeping; cneap.
Taylor Street.
1 A Q TAYLOR— NEW noUSE: NEWLY AND
Xrt'J completely fur ished; all rooms sunny;
either single or en suite; prices reasonable.
Twelfth Street. ~~
lA\ TWELFTHV-NICELY FURNISHED
J.IO housekeeping rooms; also single.
nOUSKKK^iyojRooMs - contlnned.
Vallejo Street.
I 9Q9 1 VALLEJO - FURNISHED ROOMS
•*-— 'Oi.'a for light housekeeping.
Van Ness Avenne.
1 40f» V . AX NESS AVE.-ELEGAXTLY FUR-
XTrv7VJ nished parlor, piano; use of kitchen.
■Washington Street.
KA9 WASHINGTON-SUNNY UNFURNISH-
uu^ pfi housekeeping rooms; running water.
"West Mission Street.
7Q WEST MISSION— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FUR-
I •' iiis':i-d for housekeeping: rent low.
KOOiMS TO JLKX.
*-<itlj- Street.
11Q EDDY -SUN NY" ROOMS, NEWI.Y FUR-
-L LKJ nished, $5 up; also few ligi : housekeeping.
li 1 (1 EDDY-LARGK, N ICK I.T FURNISHED .
\jxu bay-window and sunny back room.
I'.iglith .tirtt.
OHERMAN APARTMENT HOUssE, 28 BTH
0 st.. near Market: furnished and unfurnishe.i.J|
.Ellis Street.
Ol 7 ELLIS — NICELY FURNISHED AL-
<-*-!-• cove: singles; double; $8 up; light house-
keeping.
"I "1 Ot EIXIB NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
XX — O ny parlors and front room; reasonable.
.Fillmore Street.
9flO FILLMORE. NEAR HAIGHT— NICELY
'— "t/ furnished room for lady or gentlemau with
pleasant family. _^
Foisom Street.
Q9A FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
O— \J gunny rooms, 51 a week.
IOQC 1 FOLSOM— 2UNFURNISHED SUNNY
I— OU2 rooms; 'heap.
tioltieu Gate Avenne.
f)1Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— DOUBLE AND
— it' single sunny rooms: suitable for 2.
1 '^1 O GOLDEN GATE AVK.— FINELY FUR-.
_L«JX\.* nished lay-window alcove, witn house-
keeping privileges; sun all day; $15.
Hayes Street.
7QO HAVES— HANDSOME PARLOR SUITE
I OO or other rooms; dresser attached.
Hickory Aveuue
QQQ HICKORY AYE.— ROOMS AND BATH.
000 Inquire 601 Hayea st.
Howard Street. ~
HAR HOV*\RD — SUNNY FRONT \SE-
• "1U ment room; suitable for man and wife; rent
low.
fIWIIIOWASD — HOUSE CHANGED
VOO'Z hands; newly renovated top to bottom.
Hyde Street.
A(\Q HYDE-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
IV7O front room.
Jones Street.
9A7 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J I management: elesant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; : lo to SSO.
Kearny sireot-
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
S\. ant sunny rooms, en eulteand single: first clasj
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Market. Street.
"yOSBMTTE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
JL Sixth and Seventh— Single and BUltev. per
night, 35c to fI ; wf^k. fl BO to $5; families
1 Oj7 ' MARKET— THE MONARCH— SUNNY
i«J"tv furnisied rooms single or en suite; ail on
tirst floor; from $6 upward.
Mason Street.
9 MASON. NEAR MARKET— ELEGANTLY
furnished sunny front room; 1 or 2 gents.
"11 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*xl • front suites, suitable for doctor's oflice.
QAO MASON— SUITE OF NICE FURNISHED
O\'O parlors wi: 11 crate and running water; pri-
vate family: $'-'O a month.
McAllister Street.
A] o McAllister (FLAT frontbay-
tr I — window unfurnished suite.; also singla fur-
nished room.
ii»«m>ti Street.
/->1 Q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
\) 1 O rooms, 15c to 50c per night, $1 to >_' a
week.
31 os* Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
102 furnished rooms for housi eplng.
Minna s treet.
t\l>- M TNNA, . COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY
I UUI furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. ; ..-• ..
Polk Street.
Q97 POLK. COR. O'FARRELL — NICELY
O— i furnished sunny roomb; housekeeping If
des.re'd.
Pine Street.
O] PINE— SINGLE ROOM WITH GRATE;
Ull other rooms f4, ?5 and $6 per month.
Bum Street.
Q,f 3 RUSS— NICE HOUSEKEEPING RMS.;
O"±4- neatly furnished.
herwood Place.
"I Q SHERWOOD, OFF THIRD, BET. MISSION
li/ and Howard— ss a month; 2 unfurnished rms.
Stevenson Street.
979 STEVENSON— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
-- I^-1 suitable lor tailor-shop; good light; rent $7.
rf«-| STEVENSON-SMALL SUNNY FUrT
tJ\JX nishea room; $1 a week.
Stockton Street.
1 OT J STOCKTON— SUIT SUITABLE
-LOJ.'i doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
Third Street.
TVTINCTTESTER HOUSE— 44 THITil>, NEAR
" Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to 81 50 per night; Rl 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r"m: free bus.
< ownseml Street.
91 ATOWNPEND — SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
«1 \J ] ady pre erred.
Taylor Street.
99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED
•-'*-— rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. ' •
Valencia Street.
Of\\ VALENCIA— I NICELY FURNISHED
Out sunny furnished room.
Van Ness Avenue.
OA9 VAN NESS . AYE. — HANDSOMELY
OU— . furnishel parlors, en suite or separate.
OAO VA ry NESS AYE.— COMFORTABLE
OVJO sunny front room for gentleman.
Miscellaneous.
FULTOX HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL-FUR-
I_ nished rooms, single or en snite; Sh und $16 up.
IMI.KMSUKD KOOBH.
•> IX II" li.N 1 <\l KE T^U^NY~ltb7)tos7*ior W l6
»> Lewis St., off Taylor, ne.ar Post.
bUAIUI.AU A.^ili KUOJIS.
TTTvHYIQFr^HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
tIU front bay-window room, with privilege of
parlor and piano; first-class board. /
7>9A EDDY— SUNNY SUITES, $45 UPWARD;
O^O single, $20 upward; best board reasonable.
rpHE WINDERMERE, FAMILY HOTEL, 1401
i- Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.: evrrythlng new
aud fresh; excellent board; no Chinese employed.
VTKW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 134 AND 138
-I-' Fourth s:.: new furniture and carpets through-
out; table first class; terms reasonable: American
plan; free bus to and from depot. •■/ .
OTKL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required; allmod-
tr.i conveniences. ■ • -
COII,DU£N BOAKDKD.
\\T ANTEo^^OHILDR^r^^O^^IDT^RO^M
*' forparentsif desired; no other children. 123
Germaniast. - - .
IDOW OWNING HER OWN HOME
" wishes a couple of children to' board. 47i/4i
Gilbert st. .
T ADY WITH NICE HOME WOULD LIKE 1
Jj or ? children to board; room for parent, if de-
slred. 710 Vallejo st.
T^TURSE WISHES INFANT OR OLDER CHIL-
X^dren to board reasonable. 2819 Sixteenth st.
"I OR fWO CHILDREN'TO BOARD, HAS A
J- daughter 15 years of age. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
STOKI.S TO LET.
and Market six.
OTORE AND LIVING-ROOMS, 705 POLK ST.;
O rent ?18; flne for delicatessen and dairy proi-
uce; Germans preferred.
Pi U) N I NTH-CORN XX STORE; 3 ROOMS
O\JKJ and fixtures; low rent.
STORE; 1524 HOWARD ST., COR. ' OF LX-
O fayette: hxturea for saloon; cheap rent. Apply
2838 Mission at.
OR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
part of stcrc. 221 anil 223 Mpik'-t Bt.
ATTOBNHYS-AT-JLawT
T"^*^x^nsiurYTAT^rY A^nrc^u^iELtnr N A^
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 16.
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE AND PROBATK
law* a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collection*, etc,
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 860 Market.cor.Stockton
W. DAVIDSON. ATTORN EY-AT-L A W,42tf
• California st., rms. 14-16; advlc* free. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, ETC. „
pHICKERING, KNATBFTiT^cir.V^OSI'TsTER^
\J ling pianos; see our n.-w piano for 87; pia-.ios
lor rent. BJBNJ. CURTAZ ifc SON, 16 O'Farrell.
■ RJBAT BARUAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
VI hand pianoa at MAUVAIS', 769 -Market st..S.F.
EI.K'..ANT SEW- UPRIGHT PIANO; CASH
XJ or installments; one square, $40. 211 Larkin.
\ N ELEGANT CHICK BRING PIANO WILL
- v bo Hucrihced at once by party removing from
the city: must be sold at once, therefore don't Ce-
lay calling. Boom 21, Flood building.
iVI AGKIFJLCEOT STEINWAY PIANO OF-
j.»a feredfor sale by private party who must real-
Ize cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
A N UPRIGHT JPIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR-
xa. able and only slightly used, worth $HOO. will
si-li for about halt that. Koom 21, 80» Market st.
nBBAT BARGAIN IN PIANO'S. HORNUNG'S
VJT l'iano House, 216 Post st.
\V M. G . BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
' ' rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
t.nd organs sold for cash or installments.
VKK UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75.
JL> Rm. 1 0, 809 Market st.
M\>' NIFH'ENT PARLOR. OBGA N;« MUST
■MX' sell; nearly new. 813 Devisadero st.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
.*-»- for sellir." pianos has met with great success 1
wo have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it : please call and
have it explained. BHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
<'Qrner Kearny and Sutter Bts.
qi» ]7 X CASH OR INSJ'A LLMENTS: WEBER
vP-*- lU. upright; perfi order. 1019 Van Ness.
"VTEW YORK MAKE UPRIGHT- GRAND f 165;
■*-> Weber $275. BRUENN'B, 228 Post Bt.
T)EMOVEIi-r. W. SPENCER & Oa to 338
XV, Post st., near Powell, sole agents Conover, |
Colby and Spencer piauos. 338 Post st.
ECKER BROS., STEIN WAV.FISCHER and
other lirst-class makes of pianos: little used:
ohea;> for er.sh or on easy terms. ICOHLER &
OHASI , 28 and ao O'Farrell st.
E\ 8 terjis;;low PRICES. kouleb «t
-i CHASE.
VINE PIANO FOR SALE OH RENT CHEAP.
J SCIIMITZ.IG McAnistei-st.,nxt Uibernia Bank
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMERT
Newby <t Evaus, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITTfERS. OLD A NEW
O 11. MULLEK, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
SI 1 Way. $215; WEBKB, $265; SOMER,
$237; Wily, $125; squares,, *35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
I rrive u-aTlot OF celebrated HIGH-
-c\ grade i. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
AINES BKOB.' PIANO — A SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano that we have
hitherto bandied: we invite a critical inspection.
A. 1.. BANCROFT 4 CO., 324 Post st.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. '. ~ r ~
The finest line of new pianos for ront and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
_ 929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
mm.s;- AND BEST in AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
nee free.
CLAIKVO V I>.
-:V '■• WONDEFUIi GIFTS."
CALL THEM WHAT YOU MAY.
People of Sun Francisco as well as other cities
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all grades, ladles from every
walk in life together sound his praises for
the benefits they have received. , His
parlors are always tilled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
reply la most gratifying; ail are pleased; Pro-
feasor Eugene gives advice ou business,
speculations. Investments, love, courtship,
marriage and divorce: settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and
cans s a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choii he locates mines and burled
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies,
removes evil influence«, gives advice per-
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates; developing mediums a
specialty; the troubled and unfortunate should
Beck i. - counsel: thousands ol families long
b parated have be*n reunited by his efforts]
thousands of hearts nuirte glad tbrough his
truthful predictions: he is the only clair-
voyant on earth recognized by the
profession as their brightest star: all persons nn
successful in business, ho seem to be unlucky,
should visit him. seek bis aid and start aright;
thousands have become. wealthy through
his advice: he is ever ready "to assist
those, with cupital to find v safe and
good-paying investment; young men startinc; in
business will tind it greatly to their advantage
to consult bim on all matters of financial in-
terest to themselves. Professor Eugene
ahoul . not be classed with the many cheap
pretenders who infest Cities and bring
disrepute to the profession. His past successes in
matters of great iruport are a positive
guaranty of his power to perform tha won-
ders that have niude him famous. All
arc- Invited to call. Hours 9a.m. to p. it.
Letters with stamps answered; 1723
Market st, parlors 1, 2. 3 and 4.
PROF. OEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
-1 clairvoyant: wonderful power: convinces you
when others fail. 533 Post, 9to t>: also Sunday.
\ I ME. MOREAU. BKBT MEDIUM; EALB
■LU- past,present and future ;2sc up. 7G4 Howard st.
OTARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROMi
0 the cradle to the grave. I'arlor 5. 81351-2 Market.
PRESENT. PABT AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
-1 LEGGETTE, 311 Tehatna St., near Fourth.
MME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY;
names given, 25c up; systems taught to play
races and sure tips iriven. 828 Howard.
EST CLAIRVOYANT AND CAR READER
on earth; ladies and gents, 25c. aoti Fourth st.
VJMK.. STEWART, GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
1»J and canlreader. seventh daughter of the sev-
enth daughter, has returned 10 her old rooms in
»an Frauclsco; ladies and gents 60c; call «t once
as she is going. East soon. 917 Market St., parlors
9 and 4.
MM DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC HEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, put,
present, future; ccnsultations on all affaira; noth-
ing excepted; names eiven: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
pos^ible; faesi; letter $2. 929 Post st.. nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
-TV magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven l<oly seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee and upward. 2826 Mission, nr. Twentieth. [
CLAIRVOYANT — CARD " READING, 50c.
\J 406 Octavla at.: formerly 128 Turk st.
a±*Aiw i. ij A^ASJI.
DARK SEA NCE TO-NIGHT; CLEMENS:
MRS. COLE, 523 Golden Gate aye.; 25c.
OTAR LIGHT. !
MULTITUDE RS ARE CURED.
THOUSANDS ARE ENRICHED.
Every day the Great Kuyptian >eeress works
miracle* and tbe name of 'star Light becomes a
honsehold word in thousands oil homes. Every
mail brings letters 1 congratulation from Cripple
Creek and elsewhere of immense strikes made
solely through her wonderful as well as miraculous
powers. Science label ban maid. She diagnoses
diseases by a scientific process unknown to the
medical fraternity. Sworn statements of the lame,
the blind and the halt attest her miraculous powers
beyond peradveuture. Misfortune and disease fle<-
irom the presence of her magic Egyptian charms.
See her ere she is called fro.n these Western shores
to perform miracles at the request of kings. Secure
a charm before Ii is too late and the opportunity is
lost forever. Parlors 2 and 3, 865Va Market st.
A WONDERFUL POWER OVER DIBEASE
rV Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines;
never fail in rheumatism, paralysi*, fits and «ll
nervous diseases, etc.; ir you cannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease;
true life reading . 152 iy 2 Market at., opp. Yen
Ness aye., San Francisco, Cal.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
D~^C~7iF2rR7TE~\vT~7]ET^
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved • bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AtNLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 81534 Geary.
-A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE
ii. DR. 11. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KKARXY — BRIDG&
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX MEYER, LATE OF 148 SIXTH ST., RE-
moved to 1012 Mission, near Sixth; ga3 given.
R. I* T. CR ANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
ROOMK DENT AI. ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
V^ ket, bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm ?5: lilllngsfrm $1; extracting 60c. with jcas^l.
S7 A SET FOR TEETH : WA RRANTED AS
I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HiLi:. 144S MARKET ST.,"
near Eleventh: no chargu for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting $oc; gas given.
iOLTON ' DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J7LEEK, 1206 MARKET,' GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
SJt WORK REASONABLE AND WAB7
ranted. DR. J. W. KE Y. 1122 Market st.
t'Ji'i'itJjJ.* ' 111 LiST. •
E^K^R^O^TTcIrE^^ItENTT^oTISEAItSrY
. st., room 8.
TIOR RENT— AN OFFICE, WITH FIXTURES
JD for sale, or a portion thereof to lease. EDWIN
K. ALSIP & C 0.."9 rotunda, Mills building, S. F.
REE BENT (y a MONTH) GIVEN »IOOD
tenants; cottageis, Jiats, 55 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. ..-.-■.
LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW BPRECKELS
building, 025 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor *ervice<i or heating. ADply
at bulldine or O. H. UiiliSKN <fc CO., 14 Montg. St. '
CITY REAIi ESTATE.
p U. UMBSEN <£ C 0. ."
REAXEBTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS !
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery si., near Market.
Oil nnd obtain one of our "Real Estate Records,**
which, contain a list of properties for sale in all
ran. of city. _^''
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
QJQ9AA COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE,
»4P«J.__UU. or 6roomsand bath: brickfoundation,
etc.: lot 28x136: nicely situated in the Mission.
<3il CX Qfkfl RENT $1440 PER ANNUM; 3
LU.oUU. substantial new bay-window
houses: brick foiinlation; all modern improve-
ments; lot 37:6x87 :ti; a prominent corner in the
Western Addition.
CjO^fiA A REAL SNAP; WILL TRADE
i£)OO\J\J. equity for a vacant lot: a forced
sale; elegant new 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms and bath; brick foundation; all modern
improvements: lot 25x114, elite part of the Mis-
slon; easy terms. - _____
<iU P.ft flA CORNER ON WASHINGTON ST.—
tip«JUUV/. Brick building of 9 rooms and bath
and lot. _^ _
19,-vA CHEAP —SUBSTANTIAL TWO-
x_it/U. story bay-window residence of 6 |
rooms and bath: brick foundation, etc., lot
27:6x100; only one- half block from Market St.;
nice location. _____
C»r»QXfi 8870 ACTUAL RENT PER AN- j
tjPUO«i". num— elegant new modern fiats, '
near Park Panhandle, of 7. 6 and 6 rooma and
bath each; bay-windows; brick foundation: stone '•
walks; all modern improvements; lot 25x137:6:
sunny side of street; forced sale.
Q97AA business corner ON BRYANT
t}p._ I \J\J. aye.— Store and 3 rooms and flat of 4
roon:s; brick foundation; and lot; owner wants an '<
oiler.
EjOAAA BUSINESS CORNER ON NlNE-
<!yiJ\J\J\j . teenth St.; storn building with
4 rooms; lot 26x75; no reasonable offer refused.
(EjQAfJA KF.XTS72O PER ANNUM; 2 SUB-
<|pCiu\/i', etnutial two-story and basement bay-
window houses of 7 rooms and bath each; brick •
foundation, etc.; "2:6x82:6; Western Addition; I
always rented.
inn SIXTEENTH AYE., SOUTH SAN !
tiPJLIV/v. Francisco; new cottage of 4 rooms, '
etc.; lot 25x100.
(EJO^AA SAN CARLOS AYE.; TWO
(sO*JyjyJ. houses and lot 25x80; street accepted.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
~\ M. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
ii.. M. SPECK CO., 602 MARKET BT.
5100,000 to loan in sums to suit.
I1OM_S! HOMES! HOMES!
20 houses to be sold to satisfy
Mortgages. Terms, S2OO down.
Every one offered worth double our price.
82000— Nice cottage; lot 40x50; block from !
Castro and Market sts.
$2000—2 f.-its downtown: rent $18.
83000—2 new flats; rent $28.
$6000— Rents $48: 3 new flnts on car line.
$6600— Two elegant flats, with a stable, on Pa;e.
JJ67so— Three elegant rials nearUaight and Fill-
more: rents S6l: lot 25x110.
59000— 2 pood flats on Hyde, near Geary.
912,600— E11is st. : Investment; rents 8*125.
$10. COO— Bußiness property on Steuart street,
near IM arket.
SI A. A BUSINESS PROPERTY ON 3D; I
-iU.UUU. lot 50x180 feet; two frontages:
pays 8 per cent.
Sk"9ri AAA CORNER; NEW IMPROVE- ,
<n>_-U.UUU. ments; rents 60.
Q7A AAA cornbb, 70x100, within a ;
<T> I yJ.\)\J\.r. few blocks of Baldwin: rents
86000: worth $100,003; offer wanted at once. !
(^1 lOllftn BUSINESS PROPERTY on i
LIU.UiIU. Market si.; 2 frontages; offer
wanted; lot 60x166.
<<\ <i AAA EDDY ST.! INSIDE, NEW IM- '
ttP-LO.UV/U. provements: rents. sl4o.
<Vl I 7 AAA STORKS AND FLATS: LOT 40
tjPJL I .\J\)\J. x9O feet; rents $140: on Larkin
street. . j
<&i^nnn FINEST BARGAIN IN the:
uIIU.UUU. market: surely worth $.0,000; '
.-MHIOO can remain on monga;'.-, tine improve-
mente: rent $lf>0: only few block's from Y. M. C. A.
\TOW OR NEV j ~~
X> There are only a very few lots left in the block
bounded by Tenth and Eleventh ayes., M and N
sts., south of the park, and if you don't hurry you :
will miss the opportunity to purchase these de-
sirable lots for $275: $25 cash, $10 monthly in- j
stallments; no more like them.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
CC. BEMIB, : ~ ' \
\J . REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business 1
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a \
whole or In subdivisions.
a] iitMi-cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st. ; 55x !
137:6 feet. ',
$2600— E. sidi' of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederlck;-2f>xlOO feet. - - -
$450— San Carlo* Vlba lot; 100x150 feet.
$t>700— 60x129:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio aud bay.
$6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
part:: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
ipatCO— 2-stor.v 8-roomed house on Harrison St., ;
bet. First ana Fremont.
4Uo— Lot on Duncan st., bet. r. 00 and Castro: 26 i
xll4feet.
o— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts. i
9300— Choi building lots north of park. I
<j£97 AAA rents $2340 PER ANNUM;
•ir_I.UUU. Western Addition corn"r, finely
Improved: rented low; largo lot; elegant Invest-
ment.
Q. -* A AAA BEDROCK; ONLY $9000 CASH ; '
•JOt.UUu. worth 45,000 n0w; large building
and basement; with very small outlay will pay 1
percent per month: $25,000 can stand at tj'-.per l
cent; I isurance $20,000; prominent location;
forced sale.
C*^r,AA REDUCED: 2 FLATS AND 2-
m -fO\J\f . s'ory house: wide lot; fino marine
view; Presidio Heights: homeaiul income. ,^:-,-
»fe 1 '\7 ~\ CUT FROM 51850; UNION ST., W.
<jpXU I O. of Broderick; 27:6x187:6: view.
Lots and homes in Richmond; several snaps
right now.
H. E. POEHLMAN, 41 Montgomery st.
IP OR SALE-THE FINEST HOME tN THE
• ' City for the money; Page and Lot t. sts.; see It ;
to-day; premises, .i. ANDERSON, own r.
LI 25xT27:1> ON 15TI1 AVE..B "1 1 AND !
C sto., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold; i
party going away. For particulars inquire at 1805 !
Mission st.
ONEY i ~~ —
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
• SHORT NOTICE BY THE r
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
. ~ OFFICE— MILLS BUILDING.
L. R. ELLERT, MANAGER.
Q (-. DOWN, 85 PER MONTH"; CITY LOTB- '
*S)O $100 up. TUEMcCARTHYCO.,646Market! !
$OCA MUST BE SOLD; OFFER WANTED! |
•ip— <J\J. this lot is worth double: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments; title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
©I WEEKLY— BERKELEY LOTS,
»4P-L 8100-Lot 100x100; 81 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; SI weekly.
$250— Lot 25x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$326— Lot 25x100; 81 60 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek comer. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$160— Lot, 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, Market St., or Berkeley
stutlon, Berkeley. •
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW KACE-
XJ track; low prices: easy terms. THEMcCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st-^
<2*l 9 AAA SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
«55XZi.UUU; 727 Golden Gate aye.; lot 25x
137:6. This 18 unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Ullliardroom; frescoing, etc. Open
for Inspection. • -
OUSES BUILTBISO TO 8275 A ROOM; CALL
and examine nlan*. • 1149 Mission st.
—————— _ _____
T^O^VNTc^REAITE'sT^rET^^ SECOND I
Xi mortgnges, funutur ■ or pianos without re- •
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any i
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery. !
LOANS-FIRST AND SECOND MORTOAGES: i
J-J o'ty ortountry: furniture and pianos; business '
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
DVANCESONDIAMONDB.JEWELRY ETO
--Columbia Loan & Collateral Oflice, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-ex estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 ST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
try; administrators' mortgaEe«i, interests in es-
tnttH, diamonds, pianos, eu\ /MURPHY, OMB Mkt.
MORTGAGES^ PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON CO., 328 Montgrnry,r.2l4.
MONEY LOANED, 6% PER CENT OS
mortgages. A. F. JOHNS <t CO., 632 Market st.
\\ ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-i'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Market or. Ma.son: private entrance 7 Turk-
ORHOW MONEY ON YOUR DIAMONDS,
Jewelry, furniture and pianos without removal-
lowest rates. Call or write to MARRY ANKEL <ft
0.. Mills bldg. sth floor, r 6; strictly confidential |
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS, AVITHOOT
removal. Room 68, Ponohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
WHY PAY *5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
• « mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct fromthe loaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your piano.i
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest In-
teroat without removal: any amount from $100 to
$5000. 4IS r:llis t.. room' 22. ,
PAWNBEOHEKS,
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM~9— MO_?EY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates : pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for Bale cheap.
__ __________________
flkajTcj aC
a" n y~s^m^e^money " advanced on
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write: open
evenings. J. NOON'AN, 1021 Mission su '
COIjNTKI KKAL KSTATJb.
TT D W IST ALSEP CO., ~~ '
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE A SPECIALTY.
fin 9 Ofin A FISK FARM OF 105 ACRES,
',\J\J\J. near the railroad, in Contra Costa
. County: 75 u.-iv.s of bottom land and
the bivlancc -first-class grain land;
si/2 acres orchard, and vlapyard:
house 'of 6 rcoms: stable, chicken-
hf'Use, etc.: finest kind of sugar-beet
land.
C?_f nnn VERY little cash required
isrtL\J\J\J. as first payment: 20 acres near 3ier-
ced, with 7 i>cres in fruft, 7 acres in
vineyard and the balance alfalfa
land; all under irrigation; good B-
room house, barn, chicken-house,
etc.; fine well of water; good loca-
tion.
©^nO A FINE PLACE WITHIN ONE
is}OU\J\J, mile of sebastopol, Sonoma County,
consisting of 'i 0 acres, with 12 acres
in fralr, t5 acres in vineyard; good
house nnd outbuildings; terms 5760
ci-.sh and balance in installments: or
will trade for city property.
Apply to EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
No. 9, Rotunda, Jiilis building,
/ San .Francisco.
A7O-ACRE HILL (HICKEN RANCH; 25
acres cultlvabie: 200 cords lirewooa; 2 miles
from school; 5 from town; lovely s!u;de trees- a
Big itly, pretty place: j-500; half cash. D. H.
TWING, Sonoma City. Inquire 632 Market st.,S. F.
(fl;97^n A FINE PAYING MODEL RANCH
<p-^t w. In Marin Co.: 12 acres: i' 2 miles from
ban Francisco: 6 minutes to railroad station: ft
acres In choice bearing assorted orchard; 1 acre In
vineyard: good 2-story house of 6 rooms; fine
barn, chickun, houses; net wire ehirken yard; fine
well ar.d windmill; water piped to house and
tbrouph grounds: shade trees; plenty of timber for
fuel on place; all in Al order; also horse, harness
and cart, cow, all farm tools and some household i
goods; this Is the cheapest and best home ranch
in California. LEE&KISEIt,
30tt Montgomery' st.
IV >H SALE OR TBAIJE— I6O-AOBK GRAIN
ranch : all fenced : comfortable buildings; near
Tipton,Tulare County: price $6000. PIHLERICK
«fc CO.. 2548 Folsom, near Twenty-second.
rpo LET— ; SMALL CHICKEN RANCHES;
i-9i 60, $Sand $10 permonrn. G C. YOUNG.
Petaluma. : > ,
T^oTt SALE OR EXCHANGE— 240 ACRES; 200
J- level. GO-clear; nice orchard assorted fruits; '
plenty of jvood and water; good dwelling, barn, !
etc.; nearly all .fenced: close to large town; 10
hours from city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: will trade for city property or sood business.
C. 8., box 77, this office.
"YfARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
■i-'i from San Francisco
• Rancho de Novato. -
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both ruii and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per acre; terms made,
to suit; send tori irc;i!ar.
Improved dairy farms for sale with rows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 61
and 65 Chronicle building.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orance groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on theline between
cstocicton and Mereeu. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony ani the property has a per-
petual water ri^'ht.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimprovod or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Eloods. . The property is undfr the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who n.-is received diplomas and mfldtils at eight
different county fairs in the Ktate and for a small
consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, Including a perpetual water rlcht '■
ana planted to orange trees. $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid np water rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable iv
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
or further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO., W
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative.
_^ ' Oakdale, CaL
A TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
J years' credit. D. 11. TVVING. Sonoma City.Cai.
"] A ACRES, «X 00: MoiuTsAJIE PRICE; PAY-
X\r j bie $2 a week, without Interest: level valley
land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
bargain In California; secure a home; you will no; '
miss the S2 a week; will be worth $5 to al. ;
WESTERN LAND COMPANY, 640 Market st. i
SEND FOB OUB LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. W-HISI'IK A. W]l ITTON. San Jos?.
TO EXCHANGE:.
TOEXCi{AN(;i: IN AXAMEDA— HOUSE OF
8 rooms und bath; lo: 50x140, • Encinal aye.,
for nice ,01 n. 1 olden Gate Park. Address R. 11.,
buxull, Call <v. , c. .
I.DH A I iOAAI, . ~
S'^PA^as^r^ND^FTaCN^TT^cTDElTvT^Ai^
vZ^ tilian and Parisian professors. 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, liowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; truiislutions. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room Wf.
I? RENCH.SPANISH.Eto. DEFILrPPE'B
■I- Acadeqjy of Languages ; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
MBS. MELVILLE-SNYDPHt HAS REMOVED
to 620 Batter Rt.: teacher of vocal music (latest
ltallau methods), piano and el cation; indie ana
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
ALMEKH. IIYER, TEACHER OF PIANO,
-fV ban]o, mandolin. 405 Geary St., room 17.
IpNGLISH, ' LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
■i lish literature a specialty, MISS POULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st. "
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. SACRAMENTO
St.— Board, Knglls'i. French, pi no, dancing.
S3O a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and cou-
scientious parents to give children a siijierior^d- 1
tion at iow figure; term Jan. 2; kindergarten coach.
T7*NGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
X\i class or prU-ate. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arri\ii!?ed: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. fi and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O clianical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; eatab. '64. \ an DER NAILLEN, 728 Mkt.
OTri)l-:.\T-! PBEPABED FOB THE" UN IV KR-
-0 slty, law and medical colleges; day aud eveuui"
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
> taupht. Prof. L. MERKI, 226 Geary limsilinllli 1
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
OPaNIisH.FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st-
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering,. telegraphy, modern
lunguages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
IGHTSCHOOL;iiEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE
i-' Post:commercial, shorthand, English; low ratei
"\yiOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. UANJO; Ri^A-
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1015 Va Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's Hchooi, cor. Geary and Powell st».
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH2
-^V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
aiISDIOAI,.
A iij ilemale irregularities re"
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
aiiy time; travelers helped at oncu;.home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult, free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.___t
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases Of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best BklU;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, S2.
1370 Market.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladles will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe.
cially invited; home iv contiuement: treatment
warranted; advice free, confidential. DR. aud MRS.
DA VIES, 4 McAllister st., near Jones.
: A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
XX. ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for ail female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always irt one day,;
if you want to be treated safe and sur" call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent _nd used at home;
ail cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearuy st.
PRIVATE , HOSPITAL, 937 MISSION 6tT;
X patienta receive best of care; terms moderate.
lADIES— DAUDET'S FBMALE REGULA
J ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail;
Ifl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
R, HALL, MCALLISTER HTBEET, NEAR
'Jones. ■'. Diseases of women and children.
" SURE CURE FOB ALL FEMALE Dis-
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk; at.
D" U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efllcient emritenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS&C.O., druggists, 406 Clay ,sole ag'ts.
homeTa FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR.FUNK'S, 1416ElKhth st.. Alnruedn.
RS. DR. WEGENEK: PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a fevr
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 F.i'.dy s:.
\ LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and nure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
TF IRBXGUIiAB OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
J- see Mrs. Dr. Pneta nnd be content. -54V 4th.
UUIi.mNG A3VI> LOAN ASSOCIATION.
rrONTiNENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN A*
\J soci-tion— Home office, 222 Sansome st., B. .
Geaeral savings <& loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridtft* V.Pr.; W, Corbin,a«c.&Gea.M*a '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS |
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAXP RKAL ESTATE.
HAVE A HOME RUILI 55 YOUB OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alumeda: easy
terms; waut to exchange choice orange lands tor
vacant lots: land free and clear: will aasame some
mortsaue. CIIAS. P, K.Eii.\, Central Bank build-
ing, Oakland.
! in A ELEGANT HOUSE OF 11 iooms
<n)T;UU\J. and bath; lot 37x150; 3 - minutes'
"■'ulk to Mcvrketrst. station; part cash, Uiilance to
suit.
$10C0— House of 7 rooiris and bath, near Oak- j
St. station; $t>oo cash, balance '-an remain. ; -.. "
;•:. :;:.-,":- , E. HII,L, Real Kutate,
Room 34, Donohou Buildim;, 9. F.
CjOA MONTHLY FOR 7i-KOO.\I CU'ITAUKS;
<J)^U plans free. F. BOEGLE. Goldon Gate siatn.
*ftl PTT^ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
Wj-OKJ. Fraitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: sellinj; fast: pood improvements I
B. l:. I'INNE Y. owner. 302 Broadway, Oakland.
• MKI.ASD .TUICNtTUKK K>il SALI3 |
HO'.TDAY PRr:SESTB HALF PRICE, ATBC !
<'lli-:i I.UAAS' furniture-store. F.lev.-nt!: st
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJUDA BEAL STA'IE.
(J£9^f\o CHEAP AT fSSOO; LINE OF
VP£t*J\J\Jm Clintou aye., east of Willow St.; set
out In -fruit trees; size 100\130. ENGLISH & .
MOBBIBBEY. 62S Market st. ,
©I (\l\ DOWN, i;.\r,.\.\CK MONTHLY PAY- !
tjPiV/l' oieiits— Fine nearly new modern 2-story ■
house. 7 rooms and: bath; near station, school and j
churches: must be sold: call and see at once. H. I
1". MOREAL. 1432 l J itrk st.. Alameda.
<l*!l Of! Sown — elegant jsew 5-room j
1 \>\J modern cottajre in center of City, Close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2260. For
Immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
<2M OHO nsw a^d modern house of 7
<•£ ±UUU. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
jrood locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONABP.CO., 1364 Park St.. Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
EEgliY CALL. In \vraDj>er. for lutuiiniE.
BKKKtLI:^ KtAi, £STATJE.
vtear" the ÜBrrVEBSITT; BTEAM and
X> electric cars: an elegantly built cottage of 6 !
rooms; a.l the latest Improvements; for sale at a
baruain. JAS. J. MAfcON, Dwight-way station,
Berkeley. '
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KJEAX ESTATE.
OAKTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19.C00 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply toe. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
S2 East £actu Clara St., «an Joss, Cal.
L*:tiAL. iSOTICKS.
"^OTICE TO CKKdTtoRS — TEsT^ATiT OF
-i-> ciIARLh-S O'MALLEY, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the underilnned. administrator of
the estate of the said deceased, to the creditors of,
and ull persona having claims agaiust the said de- ■
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch- '
era, within lour (4) months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator at lii 3
offices, 319 Pine street, san Francisco. Cal., the
same being' his place lor the transaction of the
business of the said estate in the City and County
ot Wan Francisco, Stale of -California.
A. C. FREESE.
Administrator of the estate of CHARLES
O'M a i.i.K v, deceased.
Dated at Snn Kr,anci3CO, January 7. 1896.
J. D. SULLIVAN, attorney for administrator,
319 Pine St., 8. F., Cal.
"VTOTICE T(J CREDITORS — KSTATE OF
JA iUHCI'S DAVJD.S'N. Deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned executors of tho !
last will and testament of MA.BCU6 DAVIDSON,
deceased, to the creditors of and all persons i
havlnc cla!u:s ajrainst the sa'.d deceased to ex- \
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers, within i
four montbs after the first publication of this I
notice to said executors, at 161 New Montgom-
ery st., city and county of San Francisco. State of |
California, which said piace ihe undersigned select
■as their place of business In all matters connected <
with said estate. VK U DAVIDSON,
JOSEPH HARRIS,
Executors of the last will and lestoment of
MARCUS DAVIDSON, deceased.
December 10, 3895.
DESPARTM X N i NO. 9 (PROBATE). IN THE
Buperloc Court, in and for tho City and County
of Ban Francisco, State of California— ln the mat-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUKSDA V, the 14th
day of January, A.l>. 1890. at lOo'clock a.m. of s:ild ]
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said :
court, at the new City HaH, in the City and ounty
of San Francisco. State of California: have been ap- !
pointed as the time and place • tor proving the '
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH :
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McE I.ROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 3. A. D. 1833.
[Seal.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By F. B. HOUGH TON, Deputy Clerk.
JAMKS A. \V ■ YMlßlii, Attorney -,ur Petitioners.
~ si BBItF'S SAJLK*. "~
SHKHiTp?r^ATiE7^Wnr"HnrKK^iX^rAv^
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY., plaintiff, vs. ;
PHtI.IPP FREUND ET AL.. defendants. No. !
40,784, superior Court, Department 1. . Order of
sale and decree of foreclosure.
Under and by virtue of an order of sale and de- j
cree of foreclosure, issued out of the Superior I
Court, Department No. 1, of the city and County i
of San Francisco, State of California, on the 11th |
day of December, A. D. 1893, in the above-entitled
action, wherein THE HIBKRNIA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY, the above-named plaintiff, >
obtained a judgment and decree of foreclosure '
a?alnst PHILIPP FREUND ET AL., defendants,
oil the 19th day of October. A. D. 1893, which said
judgment and decree was on the 21st day of Octo-
ber. A. D. 1893, recorded in Judgment Book 4of
said court, at page 69U, I am commanded to sell all
that certain lot, pieceor parcel of land, situate,
lying and being in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and bounded and |
described as follows:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line j
of Market streel, distant thereon two hundred and :
tw«nty-tive -(225) feet southwesterly from Its In-
tersection with the southwesterly l'lne of Brady
street; thence southwesterly ulong said line of
Market street' twenty-live ('J5> ■ fset, thence at
right angles southeasterly one hundred and
twenty-four (124) feet to the northwesterly line
of Stevenson street, thence nortbeastrrly "along
said lino of .Stevenson street twenty-nve (25) feet,
thence northwesterly and parallel with Brady
street one hundred and twenty-fonr (124) ieet to
the point of commencement. The same beinif !
purt of tlie parcel of land known on the Official I
Mnp of tho City and County of San Francisco as I
Mission block number fourteen (No. 14).
Public notice is hereby given that on Thursday,
the 9th day of January. A. D., I&9S. at 12 o'clock,
, noon, of that day, in front of the New City Hall,
j Lurkin-street win*, In the City and County of San
Francisco, 1 will, in obsdience to said order of sale
and decree of foreclosure, sell the above-described
property, or so much thereof as may be necessary
to raise sufficient ■ money to satisfy said judgment,
with Interest and costs, etc.. to the highest and
best bidder, for lmviu) niouev, gold coin of the
United States.
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff. .
San Francisco, December 18, 1895.
ALFRED TuBIN ESQ.,
Hibernia Bank Building, corner Jones and Mc-
Allister streets, San Francisco,
Attorney for Plaintiff.
MAKKIAOK LICJ&NBKS.
The followinc marriage licenses were issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
A. Cerruti and catarinu i-saciietfo, 36—23.
G. F. Bnnner and s rah O'Dbnnell, 'J7— 25.
Albert Kelly and Edna Johnson, 22—22.
Robert F. .Skellenger and Etla Kelsev, 36—30.
H. Lachtrup and Mamie Scbjroeder. 30—29.
C. B«rger and Johanna A. Klrchen, 3?— 23.
V. Plchetti end Clementlrm Nlzzola, 30 — 82.
Frank Shannon and Katie Yaeger. 25—19.
R. J. Rorden and W. J. Petersen, 27—24.
Hans Dodel and Bertha Eger, — 21.
F. I. Hamilton and Cello Burns, 32—24.
E. D. Goodrich and A. L. Lurksinger, 42—35,
Etlonne Vlalatteand Marie Pons, 25—23.
mVOKOiS PilUUiiJUl>l>CrS.
Complaint filed:
Jennie A. Perry against David Perry.
Divorces granted:
Mary E. Burtschell from William Eurtschell. for
neglect and failure, to provide; by Judge Hebbard.
Ella Cantor from Joseph Cantor, for cruelty and
inrldelity; by Judge Hebbard. Plaintiff allowed
$40 a month alimony and custody of four minor
children. ■ .
Pamphelia Busk from W. j.,. Busk, on cros3-
complitint for neglect: b3 Judce Hunt. . Custody
of .' minor child awarded to ; cross-complainant's
mother. , : '■■;■■ '. -;^<- -.
Action lor alimony : - ■ ■
Emma C. Brooks atrainst | Frederick \V. Brooks.
Mil 1 — — OEATiIS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
Tvlll not be inserted. They must be handed lv at
either of the publication oilices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the samo jm blUhed. J .
BORN.
COLETTI— Iu this city, January 2, 1896, to the
wifo of Josepn Coletti, a daughter/
JACOBS— In tLis city. January 1, 1896, to tne
' wife of S. M. Jacobs, a daughter.
MYKIIS— In Mill Valley, Cal.. Jauuary 5, 1896, to
the wife of H. A. Myers, a eon.
SEABROOK— In Oakland, January 6, 1896, to the I
wife of Albert D. seabrook, a son.
TRAYNOR— In this city, December 20. 1895, to
the wife of Thomas Tray nor, iv son. -
WILLIAMS— In this city, Jannary 4, 1896, to the
x wife of Victor Willlains, a son. ?
SIAIUIIISO.
BALDWIN-O'CONNOH— In this city, December
29. 1895, William 'p. Baldwin and -Minerva,
O'Connor, both of Sin Francisco.
STANG-LANO— January 4.1896. by. tho Rev.
Father Ryan, Poter A. tang of Ba] Imore, Md.,
ajij Magdalena M. Lang of San Francisco.
TYRRELL— SMITH— Tn Oakland. Jannarr 5,
1896. by the Key. Father Cnll, Kdw. J. Tyrrell
*nfl nle C. Smith, both of Sun Francisco.
vi.; .
T^everley, Mrs. Ruth M.. Hohbs. Benjamin
Biauchi, LouU HoSmano, Ai:.houso
Ca •■. Mrs. Ellxabeth Joseph. Caroline
Cavan Thomas Koch, Minnie
Co!°man. John \v. Logan, John
Co llns, Julia A. M. 1 -neb, ilar.-
Corbin, .'. 11. Magulre, John
Crowley, Mrs. Ann Me delsoo, Elkan
Danjus, Fridu Merer, Anna W.
. Ely, Theresa t-:. Jlurpny, Andrew
Flanaitan, Patrick Regan, Catherine
Forhan, Uary Kn i ■ !•' ranees
Fouts. M«rie Salomon. Carrie
Gianettooi, Hattle Steams, x:!.-.'< H.
Hannah, Capt. j.. it. [goureaux, Dr. W. A.
BEVERLY— In Tracy, fa!., January 3. IS9S,Mrs.
Ruih 31. Beverly, a native ol Maine, aged 78
years and 9 mouths.
EJANCIII-In this city. Jannarr 5, 1596. Txniis
Blanchl, a native of California, aged 20 year 3.
CAIN— In this city. Jannary 6, 1896, Mr 3. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Jol Cum, mother of John,
William and Joseph Cain, and sister of Mrs. K.
1.. Cate and Joseph i.;iki:i of San Itafuei, a native
of Tuolumne County, Cal., liged 33 years and 4
months.
iJS9" Friends and acquaintances' are re^ne-^t-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORBOW
(Thursday), at 'J o'clock r. m.. from her late
resideuce, t.' Golden Gate avenue. Interment
I. o. O. F. Cemetery.
CAVANaGH— In this City, January 7. 1896. at
the residence of hi 3 cousin, Mr*. James Finn,
5i Garden street. Thomas Cavanagh, a native
of the parish of Keel, Gurleleen, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 60 year.s.
'Notice*Df funeral heroatter.
COLEMAN— In this city, January 7. is;t>;. John
U. Coleman, a native 01 Kentucky, aged 64
years.
j£3"Friends and acquaintances nro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORBOW
(Thursday), a* 9 O'clock i\ m.. from his laic
residence, corner K;^Utli and Brush streets, Oak-
land.
COLLINS— In this city. January 7. 1596. Julia A.
M. Collins, beloved mother of Mrs. Winslow An-
derson of San Irrancuco, a native of New Bed-
ford. Mass., ttßOd 71 years 9 mouths and 6 days.
(New Bedford (Mass.) papers please copy.J
«B-Tho funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. ic., from her late
residence, 603 Sutter street. Interment private.
CORBIN— In this city, Jannary 4, 1896, J. H. Cor-
bln, a native of Ohio, aged 53 years.
CROWI.KY-In this city, January 6. l?9:i, Mrs.
Ann Crowlcy, a native of lroy, N. V., aged bZ
year 3.
DAN JT7B— In this city. January 5, 1895, Frtda,
beloved wife of Lewis Danjus, mother of Hedwig
Danjus, sister of Johanna Lamm and Kinil
Markt. and daughter Of Joseph Markt, a native
of Sohweitz, aged 30 year* 4 months and 19 days.
f ; Friends and acquaintances are resneo
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'cinc)c p. M-, from .hir late
residence. 21 Dehon street, tbeaee to the Ger-
man Baptist Churcn. corner Dehon and Seven-
teenth streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ELY— In Oakland, January 7, 1&96, Theresa Eva-
line, Infant daughter of George J. and Theresa
Ely, a native of Oakland, aged 3 months and 11
da vs.
ff3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock r. ir., from th« resi-
dence of the parents, 1218 Twenty-sixth street.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
FLANAGAN— In this city, January 6, 1896, Pat-
rick Flanagan, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
FORIIAN— In this city, January 6, 1896, Mary
Forhan, a native Ot Ireland, aged 37 years.
FOUTS— In this city, January tf, 1896, at her
residence, 810 Taylor street, Marie, wife of the
late D. L. Fouts. --• <
*5-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock r. m.
GIANETTONI— in this city, January 6. 1896,
Hattie, beloved wife of Stephen Gianettonl.
mother of Ida and Florence Gianettonl, ilnuv'hfer
Of Mrs. E. H. Davis, an.l sister of Mrs. Buzzini,
Mrs. Tamo. Mrs. Doolittle, Mrs. Henr.ci and J.
Davis, a native of Calaverus Connty, eged 40
. years and 8 months. [Grass Valley papers p'.ease
copy, 
<S"I i 'rienos and acquaintances are respect-
fully In vlted to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock p.m.. from the
Canlral Methodist Church, luiermeut Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HANNAH— Jauunry 7. 1896. Captain Levi Han-
nah of steamer Pomona, a native of Calais, Me.,
aged 65 years.
HOBBS— this city, January 7. 1896. Benjamin
Kobbs, a native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years.
HOFFMANN— In this city, January 6, 18?(5. Al-
phonso HoffTiann, a native oi Alsace, aged 37
years 10 months and 8 days.
JOSEPH— In this city. January 7, 1896, Caroline,
beloved wifo of Isaac Joseph-
iCH— In this city, Jannarv 6, 1896, Minnie, be-
loved wife of Christian Koch, mother of Hans
Koch, aud sister of Mrs. a. Parra, a native of
Kohlen, Amt Lebe, (jermauy, aged -9 years 2
months and 22 days.
J!Qs"Frlpnrts a:nl acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral TO-MOUROW
(Thursday), .<' 2 o'clock v. m.. from her late resi-
dencp, 910 Treat avenue, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, January 6, 1896. Jonn,
beloved husband of Delia Lo<an, and (atberol
Jennie Los;au, a native of New York, aged 44
years.
&jj*Fnends and acquaintances are r.Mpvr-
fully invited to attend the iuneral THIS DVY
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence, 36 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LYNCH— in San Rafael, January 8. 1896. Mary,
dearly beloved wife of the late John Lynch, a na-
tive of the parish of Killeen, County Honagban,
Ireland, aged 5H years.
£B"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, San Rafael. Interment Mount Olive
Cemetery.
MAGUIRE-In the City and County Hospital.
Jannary 7, 1896. Joun Maguire, aged «8 years,
MENDELSON— The tombstone of the late Elkan
Mendeison will be set "SUNDAY, January 12,
at 2:30 o'clock p. v.. Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
San Mateo. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
MEYER— In this city. January 6, 1896, Anna W.,
beloved wife of the late B. Meyer, and dearly be-
loved . mother of J. Chris, Anna and Emma
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 53 years 5
months and 22 days.
ayFricnds and acquaintances are resoect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock P. it., from St. Paul's
German Evangelical Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets. Interment I. 0. O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, January 6, 1896, Andrew,
dearly beloved son of Jeremiah Murphy, - and
' brother of Jeremiah Murphy Jr., a native of
San Francisco, aged 37 years.
j&»"Tho luneral will take place THIS} DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of Carew <$! English, 19 Vau Nes* avenue,
near Market, thence to St. Joseph's Chnrcb,
Tenth street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.. thence by
11:55 o'clock a. m. train from Valencia and
Twenty-fifth streets. Interment private, Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city, January 7, 1896, Catherine,
beloved wife of William Regan, and mother of
' Mrs. Kato Bagala and Lizzie and the late Mary
Regan, a native of County Limerick, Ireland.
RiT Friends and acnuaimancea are rpsoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence. 1108 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mas*
will oe celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, a. m. Interment Ho
Cross Cemetery.
RUSS— In this city, January 6, 1896, Frances,
beloved wife of Adolphus G. Rusi. and mother of
Mrs. Lillie Brueckmann, Mrs. Henry Westpnal
•and Albert H., Robert R. and Gustave A. Russ,
a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
UPS-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late resl-
dence, 16 Columbia square, near Harrison street
lnrerraent Masonic Cemetery.
SALOMON— In this city, January 7, lf>96, Carrie,
beloved daughter of I. L. and Henrietta Salo-
mon, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 8
months and 19 days. .
jayFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m.. from the
family residence. 122 Twenty-ninth street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by train leav-
Ins Valencia street at 11:55 o'clock a. h.
BTEARNB-In this city, January 5, 1896. Charles
Henry Steams, husband of May Steams, and
father of Aubrey and Addle Steams, and son of
G. H. Steams, a Dative of North Bradford, Me.,
aged 32 years and 7 days.
IKS" Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services. THIS DAY (Wednesday).
. at 1 o'clock p. 11., from his late residence.. 2706 a
Mission street. lnierineiu Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VIGOUREAUX— this city. Jannary 7. 1896,
Dr. .William A. Vipoureaux, deariy beloved huv
band of Lizzie A. Vigoureuux, and father of B.
MUtoh Vignureaux, a native of Gardiner, Me.,
aged 64 years 3 months and z days, | Bath and
Gardln«r (Me.) papers please copy.J-
-fIES-Friends and acquaintances aro resoect-
l fully luvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
• (Thursday), at 9:30. o'clock a. jr., from his late
residence, 1609V-J Turk street, thence to St
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose Of bis soul, commune-
inx at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
I ™"c >Ti t"k'i> uxdkkt.vkers* I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
" Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 ' Fifth s:reet. ■
'" " McAVOY GALLAGHER, jj"
FUNERAL DIRT-i'TORS & EMBALM KB*,
tO Firth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• Telephone 2080.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-BECTARIAN{
X laid out on the lawa plan: perpetual care; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; seeic belora
fearing a burial place elsewhere.
City . tfUe, 9 City Hall Avcaa*.
1516
BOWMAN RENEWS A FORMER CHALLENGE
He Denounces Father Yorke
for Avoiding a
Debate.
A CHARGE OF COWARDICE
The A. P. A. Editor Says the
Catholic Champion Shirks
the Issue.
FATHER YORKE AND THE POPE.
Explains the Position, Power and
Limitations of the Head of
the Church.
The following communication has been
received by The Call in relation to the
controversy :
To the. Editor of the Sun Francisco Call— Dear
Sin: l see that Priest Yorke has acted the part
of a crawfish aivi sought to avoid an argument
with me. This act stamps him as a moral cow
ard. v\ ho dare not lace a man who holds the
proofs of the devilish character of Romanism
in his possession. His attempt to crawl out at
the back door of Buisun will not work. In re
fard to his statement I wish to make the fol
owmg remt.r
First— We only have the word of Priest
Yorke for proof of the $100 awaiting us in
Mnsun. As Priest Yorke has proved himself
5 of the title of champion prevaricator
during the pending controversy it would be
an act of folly to place any reliance upon his
word.
Bee >nd— l did not say 1 took any quotation
from the Catholic World. I quoted different
Catholic authorities, but did not stale that I
cut them from the papers.
Third— l have never heard what the quota
tion was. How can I verify it until 1 know
■what quotation he refers to? I will give him
all the quotations from the Catholic World
that he wants before I am done with him.
Fourth— had rather "mount" my '•scissors
and set forth to defend distressed damsels in
Brazil" than to imitate Priest York in mount
ing the papal jackass and trying to run away
from the truth. I will prove, Mr. Editor, with
your permission, that Priest Yorke has misrep
resented the teachings of his church to make
it appear decent in the eyes of the American
people. In fact, I can prove that he misrepre
sented the position of Archbishop Hughes on
the school question; that he told what was
false in regard to rel'glous liberty in Spain;
that he prevaricated in regard to the union of
church and state, and that he garbled the en
cyclical 01 Pope Leo on the "Christian Consti
tution of States." I hold in my possession a
great many Catholic publications, containing
powder enough to explode the whole castle of
falsehood that Priest Yorke has reared in the
columns of your press.
Furthermore, 1 herewith publicly renew my
challenge to Priest Yorke to discuss upon the
platform or in the columns of the press the
following propositions:
First— Romanism is a huge political machine,
run in the interests of the l'ODe. and used to
crush out National independence and bring all
nations under the scepter of the world's great
est despot— the Pope of Rome.
Second— Romanism is a foe of free thought,
an enemy <■: free speech, an opposer of civil
and religious liberty and an unreconcilable
opponent of universal education.
Third— Romanism is a bar to civilization, a
barrier to political progress, a hindrance to !
social development and a check to intellectual
advancement.
Fourth— Romanism is the feeding-ground of
rasra'.ity, the incubator of lust, the nursery of
vice, he hotbed 01 iniquity and cesspool of sin.
Fifth— Romanism is a manufactory of pau
pers and a nursery of criminals.
Sixth— Romanism is un-American and not in
sympathy with our institutions and, in fact, ig
constantly working to weaken and destroy
them.
Seventh— Romanism is a foreign institution,
■with foreign political principles and a foreign
spirit. The Monroe doctrine applied to Satolli
and the Jesuits would fire them back to Rome
duty free.
ith— Romanism, as the persistent enemy
of our public school system, is a foe of the
republic and should be treated as such.
Ninth— Romanism has corrupted American
politics to aid her in capturing the Govern
ment By fair means or foul it has aimed at i
obtaining all the offices possible.
Tenth— Romanism has systematically plun
dered the American people until patience has
ceased to be a virtue. The Government de
partments in Washington are overrun with
begging nuns, who extort money from the
employes.
Eleveuth— Romanism has been the ruina
tion of every country, socially, politically,
financially, industrially and religiously,
wherever it has had complete domination.
Twelfth— Romanism is political anarchism.
It is the foster mother of ignorance, and the
friend of intolerance. It relies upon brute j
force rather than reason and upon the boycott
instead of logic to win in an argument.
But Priest York dare not meet the issue. He
knows tnat his refuge of lies might be swept
away, and Romanism laid bare to the public !
gaze. He has dodged the issue long enough.
As a raember of the A. P. A. and editor of one
of their papers. I claim the right to take him
to task for his misrepresentations, and make
him face the issue instead of dodging it.
Below we submit the challenge to Priest
Yorke that appeared in the American Patriot
November 9, 1895:
A SECOND CHALLENGE.
Peter C. Yorker Courage and Ability to
Be Tested.
h. w. KOWMAS'B proposition.
On the 28th of September last H. W. Bowman
pub'.isned a challenge 10 any representative mem
ber ot" the Y. M. L of this Mate to meet him In a
joint debate at the Metropolitan Temple of this i
t.uy. That challenge was left open for three
weeks, but was not accepted. During the latter
part of October Mr. Bowman addressed th" people
of Suisun from the A. P. A. point of view, and on *
the 31st Of that month Peter ('. Yorke of th«
Monitor publicly replied to Mr. Bowman at Suisun
from shortunnd notes of Mr. Bowman's lecture
which had l>een taken for Mr. Yorke's sDecial use.
This reply of the Monitor man was thoroughly
advertised in the locality and the A. P. A. people
decided to test the metal of Yorke. They, there
fore, sent 10 this city and secured a thoroughly
competent A. P. A. to go upon the platform with
Mr. Yorke and discuss with him at the time the
Bubjeci-matierof his address. This proffer was de
clined by those who had the arrangements of Mr
Yorke's address in their care. In other words,
Mr. Yorke did not dare to face an A. I. A. oppo
nent in a joint public discussion on the points of
Mr. Bowman's lecture in this little Interior town.
Mr. Bowman, who is at present in Los Angeles
with his family, haying ln-ard of this backdown
on the part of Mr. Yorke, determined to put that
Rentleinan's courage to a further t«st here in San
I-'rancisco.
Accordii.Kly he lias sent a final challenge from
Los Angeles, which is as follows:
757 Pasadena Aye., • ■)
Kast I.os Asgkiks, < al., Dec. 1. 1895. I
Pru- C. Yorke, lit Eddy ttrtet. San Francisco,
Cal.— Sib: I hereby challenge you to pub
licly debate the following proposition:
Jlesolved, That Komanlam is a huge political ma
chine, a bar to civilization, a foe. to civil and re
litdous liberty, an enemy to the American public
school system of education and a dangerous factor
In our .National politics.
H. W. Bowmak, aflirmatlve.
Peter (". Yorkk, negative
The general conditions of this proposed debate
to be as follows:
SaiJ discussion to be held in San Francisco in a
large public hall within this month. Time and
place of debate to be arranged subsequently to suit
the convenience of the parii-'iiiants.
Admission tothe building to be by ticket, at the
minimum cost of not less than ten VlO) cents and
a maximum or twenty-live >'2b) cents. The ex
pMMes to be sliarpd equally between both parties
and the excess, if any, to be used In printing the
debate for circulation.
The discussion to last three (3) ni(rhts. two (2)
hours ouch night, divided into four (4) speeches of
thirty (SO) minutes each.
You msy address me at the meriean Patriot
oflice. I reoiuin, sir, yours in the best interests of
the republic. H. \V. Bowman.
If, as Mr. Vorke has said in public print, be has
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
no other aim than to put before his fellow-citizens
ot all classes and nerds what he believes is the
truth in this unfortun«te controversy, we surest
that he could not have a better opportunity than
an oral discussion with Mr. Bowman before a mis
celkini-ous audience in tins City. Ami we suDmit
to the readers of The Patriot, and to good Ameri
can cltlsens, Irrespective of political or religious
creeds, chat ne reasonable excuse can lie assigned
for declining Mr. Bowman's challenge, except that
of conscious inability to successfully coniiiat the
opposition to Romanism In American politics ami
its interference in our system of public education.
Now, Mr. Editor, we assert that if Priest
Yorke had been conlident of the strength of
his position he would have been eager to de
bate the question with me. As this is a dis
cussion of principles instead ot persons, we
will present the proofs for our propositions,
and I'riest Yorke can answer or ignore them
as he deems best. H. W. Bowman.
FATHER YORKE EXPLAINS.
He Discusses the Powers and Limitations of
the Pope.
Father Yorke sends the following com
munication to The Call:
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sin: In my
last letter I explained the following points:
1. Christianity is a message from God toman
delivered by Jesus Christ.
2. This message is truth, and therefore is
one, consistent and unchangeable.
3. This message was given by Christ to his
disciples, with authority to teach it to all men
and tnroughout all time.
4. Hence, this authority belongs to the disci
| pies in their corporate capacity; hence this
corporation is infallible.
5. Our Lord constituted St. Peter the ruler of
ih;~ corporation or society.
0. The Pope is the successor of St. Peter as
the head of this society, to which was given
the mission of teaching" revelation.
1 will now consider the powers of the Pope,
and from this consideration show that there is
; nothing in these powers which interferes with
civil allegiance.
I— THE POWERS OF THK POPE.
1. The Pope as the successor of St. Peter holds
the supreme authority in that society organized
by < hrist to teach his revelation.
2. In every society the supreme authority
implies supreme legislative, executive and
judicial powers. These powers may be lodged
in different persons or in the one person.
3. The supreme legislative, executive and
judicial powers in the church are centered in
the Pope.
4. Supreme power does not mean absolute or
erbitrary pover. In Amorica neither the
President, Congress, nor the Supreme Court
possesses arbitrary power, though each pos
sesses supreme power. Their powers are
limited by the constitution of the United
States.
5. The Pope possesses in the church supreme
legislative, executive and judicial power, but
this power is limited by the constitution of the
church.
6. Hence the Pope cannot pass a law violating j
or repealing a law ol God or a law of Christ.
He cannot declare that perjury is lawful, or
that stealing is not sinful, or that murder is to
be oommenaed.
7. Hence in his executive action he cannot
interfere with the organization of the church,
or abolish bishops, or dispense with priests, or
add to or take from the sacraments.
8. Hence in his judicial action he cannot !
ada to or take away from divine revelation, j
he cannot make new constitutional provisions j
i or destroy old ones; be cannot invent doc- '
trines neither can he suppress them.
II— THE INFALLIBILITY OF THE TOrE.
1. The end for which (hrist established his j
church was to teach his revelation.
2. It is but natural that in the course of time i
disputes should arise about doctrines, some
men saying that Christ revealed them, others ;
J that he did not.
3. These disputes are exactly parallel to ;
| those that arise among our lawyers concern
ing the constitutionality of certain enact- ,
I ments.
| 4. In the state the dispute is whether the pro- |
; visions of the act are in accordance with the i
provisions of the constitution. In the church I
• the dispute is whether the terms of the doc- j
trine are in accordance witn the revelation.
5. In the state the Supreme Court pronounces
I finally on the dispute; in the church the Pope j
I pronounces finally on the dispute.
ti. The Pope's decision declares that the |
terms of such a doctrine are or are not in ac
cordance with revelation. Such decision is
final and must be accepted by all.
7. Since revelation is truth the Pope's de
cision declares that a certain doctrine is true
or false, and this decision binds upon all the
members of the church.
8. A decision concerning truth or falsehood,
which binds men by divine authority, must be '
an iniallible decision, because otherwise God, !
who cannot lie, would be made to stand
sponsor to error.
9. Hence, the final decision of the Pope must
be infallible, because otherwise the rock wonld
have been taken by the gates of hell, and be
cause otherwise the very power which rnrist
established to feed his sheep would have given
them poison.
lII— THE LIMITS OF INFALLIBILITY.
1. Infallibility does not mean freedom
from sin. David and f-'olomon were very
wicked men, yet their teachings are infal
lible.
2. Infallibility does not moan that the Pope
can deal with matters outside of revelation.
He has nothing to do with civil affairs, noth
ing to do with scientific truths. The question
before him is the question if fact has tnis doc
trine been revealed by Jesus Christ, or do these
words or facts agree or disagree with revela
; tion.
3. Infallibility does not mean that the Pope
is always at all times and under all circum
stances infallible. A Supreme Justice is not
rendering decisions when writing a lawbook
ior talking with his friends. The Pope is infal
j lible only when he acts as the supreme court
i of Christendom and declares as the teacher of
I all the faithful that a certain doctrine has or
! has not beeu revealed by Jesus Christ.
I 4. It is nardly noeessary to remark that when
acting as supreme judge in individual cases
dealing with questions of law or fact, the de
cision of the Pope is final, but not infallible.
5. It is hardly necessary to remark that, in
making or repealing laws, the Pope's action is
legal and to be obeyed, but is not infallible.
6. It is hardly necessary to remark that
■while his various executive actions are to be
received with respect or obedience, they are
not infallible.
IV— INFALLIBILITY AND CIVIL ALLEGIANCE.
1. Civil allegiance is the obedience we owe
the constituted authorities of the state.
2. The state is absolutely independent of the
church in civil affairs. The church is abso
lutely independent of tfce state in religious
j affairs.
3. The infallibility of the Pope deals ex-
I clusnely with religious affairs, to wit, the
. question whether such or such truths are re
vealed or not.
4. Therefore, the infallibility of the Pope can
in no way clash with civil allegiance or with
the duties the citizen owes the state.
V — THE POPE AND CONSCIENCE.
1. Conscience is the law of God as it appears
to our mind here and now. It is our judgment
declaring that this present act is good and
should be done, or evil and should be avoided.
2. Hence, a collision between conscience and
the Pope is possible only when he legislates or
gives particular orders, or the like.
3. But the Pope is not infallible in his lawg,
or in his commands, or in his acts of state,
or in his administration, or in hie public
policy.
4. Therefore there can be no collision be
tween conscience and infallibility.
5. Hence tne fact tnat St. Paul withstood
St. Peter to his face proves nothing against
infallibility.
t>. Hence the doctrine of infallibility would
not prevent any Catholic from withstanding
the Pope to-day if he considered his policy
pernicious, .his policy unwise or his command's
unreasonable.
7. Self-will and rebellion and disobedience
are sins against the state as well as against
! the church, and the man who withstands the
Pope for these reasons sins not against the in
fallibility of the Pope but against his author
ity as ruler df the church.
8. But if Catholics believe that the Pope is
using his power to evil purpose they are
bound to resist him. Bellarmine says: ""It is
lawful to resist the Pope if he assaults souls or
troubles the state. (On the Pope, ii:29). Arch
bishop Kenrick says: "The Pope's power is
given for edification not for destruction. If he
uses it from the love of domination scarcely
will he meet with obedient populations/
(Moral Theol., vol. 1, p. 158.)
9. The decision as to whether the Pope is in
each particular case doing right or wrong
rests in the last resort with each one's con
science. Conscience does not mean self-will.
It means that light is sought for. that counsel
is taken, that in the presence of God each one
can say, I believe I am right.
10. If the decision is against the Pope, then
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1896.
right or wrong, the man damns his soul if he
obeys the Pope.
VI— THE TOPE AND CIVIL ALLEGIANCE.
1. The Pope cannot come into collision with
civil allegiance by reason of his infallibility.
He may, however, come into collision with the
civil authorities by his legislative or executive
acts.
2. As he is not infallible in his legislative or
executive facts, in such collisions grievous
mistakes may have been made on both sides.
3. The question, however, is n.ji which side
is right, but what is the duty of a Catholic in
the case of such a collision. "
4. No general answer can be given to such a
question because euch must be decided on its
meri's.
."). There are some cafes in which Catholics
would obey tlie Pope and some cases in which
they would disobey him.
ti. Suppose, tor instance, a bill was passed in
Congress bidding Catholics attend Protestant
service every week, and the Popetolci us not to
do so, we should obey the Pope.
7. Suppose the United States were engaged
in a war with England or with Spain, and the
Pope siiould suddenly bid all Catholic soldiers
or sailors to desert we should not obey him.
8. The nearest appronch to a general answer
which can be given in case the Pope came inio
collision with the civil authorities is to say
that there is no duty laid upon us by our nat
ural status as citizens or the positive enact
ments of the United States constitution and
laws from which the Pope could free us.
This then is my answer to Bovard's
problem concerning the boundaries of papal
I supremacy. The Government is just as su
preme to the Catholic citizen as it is to the
non-Catholic citizen. This is true whether the
Government be what Dr. Bovard calls a
"righteous Government" or a pagan Govern
ment. The Catholic recognizes the Pope as
his superior in spiritual things, but in tem
poral things he recognizes no superior but the
commonwealth. In those matters in which
the State may clash with the Pope the Catholic
is in a similar position to the Methodist when
the State clashes with his conscience. In a
similar position I say, but the Catholic is in
an infinitely better position. Both are thrown
back on their individual judgment, both are
compelled to take sides. The Methodist, how
ever, is practically alone. He has neither
light nor experience nor the voice 01 authority
to aid him. The Catholic on the con
trary has behind him tfte experience ot
ages. The Methodist is like a land
lubber suddenly thrown amid the ropes
and spars of a great ship and left to work out
his own salvation. The Catholic is like a law
yer in the midst of a splendid library, who can
take down judgment and reference and know
what great and learned men thought of just
such cases as his. It was to the advantage
which the Catholic possesses in times of doubt
when men are thrown on themselves and are
compelled to take sides that Cardinal Manning
referred in a passage, a mutilated version of
which has appeared in the A. P. A. ash-heap:
'"The political conscience of Catholics is not
left to the individual judgment alone. It is
guarded by the whole Christian morality, by
the greatest system of ethical legislation' the
world has ever seen, the canon law and the
moral theology of the Catholic church. Not
only all capricious and willful resistances of
the civil law, but all unreasonable and con
tentious disobedience is condemned by
its authority. It is a doctrine of faith
that legitimate sovereignty exists, not
only in the unity of the church, but out
side of the same; and not only among
Christian nations, but also among the
nations that are not Christian. Moreover, that
to all such legitimate sovereigns subjects an
bound by the divine law to render obedience
in all law fail things. It is certain, therefore,
that Catholics are bound to civil allegiance by
every bond, natural and supernatural, as abso
lutely as their non-Catholic fellow-country
men, and, 1 most add, more explicitly. And
further, that they can hardly be reduced to the
necessity of using their private judgment as to
the lawfulness oi obeying any law. in all
matters of ordinary civil and political life the
duty of Catholics is already denned by a whole
code, which enforces obedience for conscience
Mike, in the rare can oi doubt, which may
arise in times of religions prosecution, political
revolution, civil wars or wars of succession,
Catholic and non-Catholic subjects arc alike in
this— they are both compelled to choose their
siiie. But the non-Catholic subject nas hardly
law or judge to uid his conscience; the Catho
lic baa both. He has the whole traditional
moral law of Christendom, which has formed
and perpetuated the civil and political order
of the modern world, and he has a multitude
of principles, maxims and precedentson which
to form his own judgment."
In a few days I hope to answer Mr. Bovard's
second objection about the alleged supremacy
claimed by the church over the state. Yours
truly, Peter C. Yorke.
APPROVE THE CONTKOVERSY.
Clergymen Express Their Opinion as to the
Merits and Outcome of the Great Conflict.
The following extracts from opinions of
local clergy, reprinted from the Examiner,
are of interest as voicing the sentiment of
various leaders of thought in regard to the
great controversy now being carried on.
Father Lynch of St. James' Catholic
Church:
I think this discussion has unquestionably
done much good. This haranguing against the
Catholic church that has been going on day by
day for .so long a time was calculated to influ
ence evt-n the more unbiased element in the
Protestant chnrch. Continued silence on the
part of the Catholic church was beginning to
i assume the appearance of assent. A dispas
: sionate discussion, such as Father Yorke has
conducted, especially in his later letters, will
go far toward clearing away the misconception
j that may have been formed in the minds <>f the
average Protestant. 1 think the controversy
j has cleared the atmosphere considerably.
Rev. W. W. Bolton, rector of the Church
I of St. Mary the Virein, an Episcopalian:
I can understand the position taken up by
: Father Yorke. Mr. Ross contends that the
proposition that the Pope and priests ought to
\ have dominion over temporal affairs isadoc
' trine enunciated by the Roman Catholic
; Church. The church makes no Mich assertion,
: but what it docs say is this : "The church has
I a perfect rierhi to have some spiritual direction
when temporal affairs have anything to do
; with spiritualities."
Rev. Father H. H. Wyman, superior of
I the Paulist Community in California and
| pastor of the oid St.* Mary's Church on
• California and Dupont streets, educated a
I Protestant:
On the whole, I think that this controversy
I is calculated to stipnilate intellectual activity.
| It will help men to think of these great nue's-
I tions, for, after all, there is no man who can
really take sides on any question unless he un
derstands it in all its bearings. It will help
the public at large to obtain a better under
i standing than they have had on certain re-
I ligious <iuestions, end on this account I do not
! regret, but am glad, that this prolonged con
i troversy has been kept up. I for one am not
i anxious to see it stop.
As long as the people take an interest in
I such questions it is well for those who best un
! demand them to give forth their ideas to the
I public.
Americans as a rule do not take a great inter
i cst In religious questions. The fact that these
articles have attracted attention is a prool of
this. All I say is. let them go ahead as lone as
the newspapers are willing to publish what
I they have to say.
The newspapers understand the public pulse
better than controversialists, simply because it
is their business to do so. When the public
gets tired of these questions the newspapers
I will be the first to find it out.
Rev. Dennis F. Nugent, pastor of St.
Rose's Church :
I think a controversy of some kind was al
most unavoidable. You see, it was pretty hard
to sit and listened to the published utterances
: of these people for the past two years. Why,
j the accusations they were constantly making
| against the church and her priests were biood
curdli::g. Ycr no one resented them or offered
to contradict them.
j Rev. John F. Nugent, pastor of St. Bren
dan's Church:
The Catholics were forced into this fight I
regret that the times and public sentiment are
such that a reply to the avalanche hurled on
us is necessary. If things were allowed to go
on unnoticed these people would become un
governable. It would soon reach a stage where
it would be unsafe for a priest to walk the pub
lic streets.
The Archbishop has sanctioned the stand of
father \ orke and is, from what I can learn, in
perfect sympathy with him. We priests of the
diocese are with the Archbishop.
Rbv. Father Thomas McSweeney, pastor
of St. Francis de Sales, the largest Catho
lic Church in Oakland:
As a matter of fact, it can do onlylgood to the
generation growing up that the plain Catholic
uoctrine be placed before the people in a clear
distiuct light. Father Yorke has done this'
and I think he deserves the thanks of every
■ honest man, Catholic and non-Catholjc.
The Rev. A. M. .Russell, pastor of the
Hamilton-square Baptist Church:
My observations in regard to controversies
| are that they usually result in more good than
harm, for if the question controverted is
worthy of public notice the majority of the
thinking population will be quick to see it, a
new interest will be awakened in the study of
the question or questions involved and the out
come will be n material increase of knowledge
concerning such questions, aud in the ci.d set
tled convictions will take place in the minds
oi the public, thus enabling them to act with
more intelligence concerning questions placed
before them and with greater charity to all. ,
Catalogues, books, pamphlets, etc., printed
and bound well and quickly. The Mysell-Rol
lins Co., 122 Clay. •
PIONEER PHYSICIAN DEAD.
The Earthly Career of Dr. W. A.
Vigoureux Comes to a
Peaceful End.
AT ONE TIME A DRUGGIST.
A Brief Sketch of His Life in This
State During the Early
Days.
Dr. William A. Vigoureux, one of the
pioneer physicians and a highly respected
member of the medical fraternity, died at
his residence, 1609 Turk street, yesterday,
after an illness of three months. " When he
passed away he was surrounded by the
members of his family and a number of
relatives.
Dr. Vigoureux was a native of Gardner,
Ale., and was born October 5, 1831, of
French parents, both of whom were Pari
sians, who in their native city occupied a
high social position. His grandfather and
one of his uncles were prominent as medi
cal men, the former being surgeon on the
staff of Napoleon 1. His parents first set-
THK LATE DR. WILLIAM A. VIGOUREUX.
[From a photograph.]
tied in Charleston, S. C, where six sons
were born to tham. Subsequently the
family moved to the Kennebec River,
Maine, where the father established a
French colony.
At the age of 13 the subject of this sketch
served an apprenticeship in a drugstore
at Gardner, and then continued his study
of drugs under competent teachers in
Boston. At the asre of 18 he entered the
New York College nf Physicians and Sur
geons, and there made rapid progress.
When the gold fever moved the world
Dr. vigoureuxset sail in a vessel called
the Annie E. Manic bound for the land of
gold. His brother Joseph was part owner
of the cargo. The vessel reached here on
the 4th of November, 1849, and the doctor
having attended to bis brother's interest
in the vessel and cargo started for the
mines, locating in Placerville. where he
remained until July, 1850. He then re
turned to this City to accept a position in
a drugstore.
In 1858 he opened a drugstore on his
own account at Washington and Dupont
streets, where he remained for about three
years and then moved to Sutter and Mont
gomery streets. He took a course of medi
cine in the Toland Medical College and
after graduation followed the profession of
physician.
In 1856 the doctor was an active mem
ber of the Vigilance Committee. He was
identified with the Sanitary Commission.
He was at one time a member of the Wash
ington Guard and at another time was
surgeon for the San Francisco Hussars.
He was a member of the Masons and the
Odd Fellows.
He was charitable, generous and devoted
to the State and did much to advance its
progress. He leaves a young widow, one
son and many friends to mourn his loss.
TO FIGHT THE NOE HEIRS.
Two Large Clubs at Fairmount
Will Join in the Con
test.
The Suit by the Williams Heirs Will
Be Abandoned To-Day in the
Superior Court.
There is great rejoicing among a large
number oi the property-owners in what is
known as the Fairmount district. About
a year ago an action was begun in the Su
perior Court by the Williams heirs to eject
the property-owners of about ten blocks
upon the ground that they held property
which really belonged to the Williams
heirs.
For a time it looked as though a large
number of people would be driven out of
the homes they had worked so hard to
secure, and all because of a flaw in the
original title deeds. However, they de
termined to contest the suit and for this
purpose formed the Fairmount Defense
Club. The case dragged along for twelve
months, and the oilier day there was a
conference among the attorneys which re
sulted in the representative of the plaintiffs
stating that to-day be would cause the
case to be dismissed.
These facts were made public last even
ing at the meeting of the Fairmount De
fense Club, and. as may be expected, it
caused great rejoicing. * It was further
stated that there were several reasons wliv
the ca^e was abandoned. In the first
place, the attorney said the plaintiffs have
left the State and failed to provide him
with money to carry on the suit. Second,
all the Williams heirs are not represented
in the case, and last, it has been found
that the statute of limitations acts as a bar
in this case. It seems that after the
youngest heir came of age too long a time
was allowed to elapse before setting up a
claim to the property in question.
A committee consisting, of Charles H.
Baker, E. A. Herman, W. R. Robertson
and A. Klahn was appointed to represent
the club when the case is disposed of to
day in the Superior Court.
W. B. Curtis and W. J. Nixon, repre
senting the San Miguel Defense Associa
tion, were present and earnestly urged the
members of the club to join the associa
tion. They explained the nature of the
suit brought by the Noe heirs to recover
4443 acres of the old San Miguel Rancho.
This action is similar in many respects to
the Williams contest and the'land in con
troversy extends from Fifteenth street,
west of Valencia, south to the County line.
In it there are about 6000 holdings.
The delegates explained that the pur
pose was to co-operate and raise sufficient
money to fight the Noes to the bitter end.
After discussing the case at length it was
decided to ur^e all members of the Fair
mount Defense Club to join the San Mi
guel Defense Association. While the
members of the former club have juat got
out of one suit the Noe heirs have thrown
them into another one that also threatens
to deprive them of their homes.
As soon as the meeting adjourned about
half of those present joined the San Mi
guel Defense Association and deposited
the required subscription. Within a fen
days it is expected that the two defense
clubs will be merged into one.
Died From Debility.
A drunken man was arrested on Kearny
street Monday afternoon by Policeman Freel
and taken to the California-street station. He
gave the name of E. Allard, stf years of age,
born in Canada, and a miner by occupation.
When removed to the City Prison that evening
he appeared so weak that Sergeant Bidwell
sent him to the Receiving Hospital. There
he gave his name as A. Darshan. He died la.-t
night, and the cause was registered as debility.
A PORTUGUESE CAPTURE.
Gungunhatia and His Son Gudide to Be
Conveyed to Lisbon on the Africa.
The following communication is self-ex
planatory :
cokßttla.tk t>e portiv.al km )
San Fbancibco dk California, >
January (>, I*'M. )
To the City Editor of The Morning Call, San
Francisco, I'al.— Dear Sir: Referring to the
campaign the l'ortiifruese are carrying out
on Mozambique, on Pelagoa Bay, East Africa,
1 have the satisfaction to communicate
to you the following telegram received this
morning from the Portuguese legation at
Washington, L). (.'., and, as it is highly im
portant to my country, its printiug in* your
next issue will be appreciated by me as* the
greutest favor. Yours truly,
Ida Costa Duaute, Consul of Portugal.
[Copy.]
Washin<;ton, P. C, Jan. 6, 1896.
Consul of Portugal. i*an Francixeo*, CaL: Gun
gunhana and lii's son Gudide imprisoned by
the brave Captain Mousinho, and will be at
once conveyed to I.isbon on board the Portu
guese troopship Africa. Tayeira.
Crap Game Raided.
A crap game at 11 Taylor street was raided
last night by Sergeant Cook and posse, who ar
rested tho keeper and seven players, all of
whom gave fictitious names. The police seized
$'228 75 in coin, chips, card-table ana dice,
which will be held as evidence. The sergeant
anil posse had to climb over the roofs of ad
joining houses and down through the transom
to surprise the players. Two of the players
managed to escape.
NEW XO-DAT.
y" m^ T<^, *^ c dyspeptic ear-
_/- ojJ kJ f3 r e s . a dreadful load
JLl^Sa ) IrU* on his back. It seems
i?wssSr""!>fcLj /T as if he were reall y
JPht /Vl 1 mac e U P ot * wo men.
MwV.^rr^-^ri ne of them ambi-
■A \7t£ w tious, brainy and en-
RJ Ift ' ergetic; the other
fig jT , N. \ sick, listless, peevish
■ /n^\. and without force.
Jf 'A J The weak man
f, JH / Lm*(QL weighs the other one
/ /^Tj 1/ lsMk!&* own The dyspep-
/ r&l&Sr am tic may be able to do
fry «dS»ft»j<iy^ pretty good work one
QF^^^^ "■ — * day, and the next day
because of some lit-
tle indiscretion in eating, he maybe able to
do nothing at all. He isn't capable of con-
tinuous and vigorous effort. His bodily dis-
comfort affects his mind. Even when he
knows just what is the matter, he neglects
the simplest precautions and the simple
treatment that would cure him. Most of
dyspepsia starts with constipation, and con-
stipation can be cured. Constipation is the
cause of nine -tenths of all human sick-
ness; Some of its symptoms are sick and
bilious headache, dizziness, sour stomach,
loss of appetite, foul breath, windy belch-
ings, heartburn, pain and distress after eat-
ing. All these are indicative of derange-
ments of the liver, stomach and bowels,
and all are caused by constipation. Dr.
Pierce Pleasant Pellets are the quickest,
easiest and most certain cure for this condi-
tion. They are quick, but not violent in
their action. There is nothing about them '
that will give the system any shock. They
pot only relieve immediately, but if taken •
according to directions, they will absolutely
cure. You do not become a slave to their
use." They are different and better than
any other pill or preparation offered for the
same purpose. ; Almost all druggists under-
stand this, and are conscientious enough to
tell you so. The druggist who tries to sell
you a substitute is not : a safe man from
whom to buy medicine. If you will send
your address, we will send you a sample
package, containing from 4 to 7 doses, and
you; can see exactly what the "Pellets"
will do for you.
If you will • send 21 one-cent stamps to cover
cost of mailing only, we will send you free the
most useful medical book ever presented to the
public. »^ hi - 3 is - Dr. Pierces Common Sen-=e
Medical Adviser, in Plain Language; a book of
100S pages, profusely illustrated, the great ex-
pense of preparing; which has been covered by a
•ale of 680,000 copies at the regular price $1 so
per copy Address, World's Dispensary Medical
Association, No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo NY
NEW TO-DAT. j^
SPECIAL SALE
1 035* —
We take pleasure in notifying our cus-
tomers that we have placed on sale TEN
CASES ELEGANT NOVELTY SILKS (all the
latest styles) at prices that have never been
equaled in this city.
Dresden Striped Taffeta (Black Grounds). . .65c : worth $1.00
Two-Toned Figured Satin Duclicsse 75c ; worth $1.25
Changeable Striped Taffeta 75c ; worth $1.50
Evening Shades Brocaded Satin Duchesse. 7sc ; worth $1.25
Persian Brocaded Duchesse. • • . 75c ; worth $1.50
Changeable Striped Taffeta (24 inches wide) 85c ; worth $1.50
Fancy Striped Taffeta .85c ; worth $1.50
Novelty Brocaded Duclicsse Sse ; worth $1.50
Striped Taffeta (Lace effects) :.....,. $1.00; worth $1.75
Figured GrosdcLondrcs (changeable effects) $1.00 ; worth $1.75
Colored Faille Francaise, all silk, full line street shades
: 75c; worth $1.25
Black Bcngaline (French manufacture) — 75c ; worth $1.25
Black Satin Rhadames (all silk) 75c ; worth $1.00
Black Satin Brocades (all silk) — 75c ; worth $1.00 .
The attention of our patrons residing outside of
the city is respectfully directed to this sale.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I THE FRUIT GROWING |
I ' INDUSTRY i
ink IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THB M
i San . Irme (L ■ s^ « w
|Mercury£y uvet lirl
W7 A BOOK OF 325 PAGES. 9x12 INCHES, JUST ISBUBD. 7f\
QfL — — sr — r\ Every detail is Riven, from nnrsory to. market, including \i/
Ik/ crops, prices and profits. Banta Clara County, its cities, towns, orchards, yffl
fTineyards and prominent people, illustrated from 939 photographs. A work v/]h
/\ of art, suitable for the oent*r-table, and a most appropriate Christmas prep- 0%.
Jfa ent. There is scarce'y a question that could be asked cosoerning Santa yrof
jui Clara County and its reiouroes that is not fully answered. \jj/
\0 It will l>« sent, expressagn prepaid, to any part of the United <L/rS
il\ States at the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; fff\
Sk bound in leatherette, $1.25 per copy. . %i[
yn, Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, fs>
\js San Jose, California. $X
CLEARANCE SALE
foi» the NEXT 60 DAYS
Ab I have ordered direct from i&t
the manufacturers v full and 4§!Ls
complete assortment of the la- i*W
test designs In Sph:x(; sn<l Sum- "f^ y
mer Goods, I therefore offer my * J{^L
entire stock of 'Woolkns now gj|fct
oa hnnd at Prices never beforo feEs^^iA
offered In Snn Francisco. Js2saiii§!Sbi
GUARANTEED GENUINE "^M M^l
ENGLISH CASSIMERE lP^^
PANTS TO ORDER : Bl^^f
FOBMERLY KEDUCF.D TO Hi|^J9
$10.00 $6.50 i ii^
ALL WOOL SUITS it fil'mM
TO ORDER: ... ■ iJ I ill
FORMEKLT , EEDT7CED TO ffllljKM
$25.00 $17.50 I H
AIIotherGARMEXTS BnmoxD " v l " t feJ|ili''3affv
In like proportion. You will do ~wjr^
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and give
me a call before buylug eli-en-hcre
Respectfully yoiirs,
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAk. *
COAL! COAL !
Genuine Coos Bay "'. 7 00-flalf ton 350
Bfe£=~E 800-Halftoa 400
B fy am " •■ 800-Ualf toa 4. 00
Telephone— Black-35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
623 Howard Street. Near First.
fe^lfioOD'isTOßED^SS
If^sH^! ° a amous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner>
HIK 'V) BJ* ■ -^ p? i l °°' °'*If mous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
BBv. -'at/ \r i\\ Tn^tii'^ se3 . of tho enerativeor anB such as Lost Manhood.
v; \ £$$L T &t&L p^.^" V f a ns ln tho • Bi l£ . Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility!
Kj V^ r V *, lul » )le \L T nfltness to Marry, Ezbaastioc Drains, Varicooele ai'J
H %»_/ V. U i-° "a'-in.uinn. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents qulck-
WorrnDr ■ rT^T-' ?, c , or , dlschar < which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhceii and
■ HtFORE AND AFTER S,, tbe "orrors of Impotency. ci!PIDEX£ cleanses the liver, Uia
CtPIDEYE <renethen«nnrt" rS , atK th(>ll , rln ary organs of all impurities.
als. Awrltt'n«tu»rVnV/ civen and 0 ™? rexned y to core without kn operation. 5000 testimonl.
tl.«)abo*.s.xf^ r ff b y£ a l^
Address DAVOL MEDICINE C 0.,, 632 MarKet street. San rr»nclsco, Cal. For Sale by
KROOKS' I'll Altai ACY, 119 PowelUtrett
$ft5 F o«4 .ROOMS
CONSISTING OP
PARLOR,BEDROOM DIHIHa-ROOM > KITCHEH
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ....30 Cent*
OilCloth, per yard «5 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror S£s OO
T. BRILLIANT.
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Fonr-Ronm Cat»logurs Mailed Fr»«.
<Xs* Free Tacking and Delivery »eros« the Err.
BIRTELJA/&
JZMRNYSf
TSTHEVERY BEST O.NETO KXAMINE YOUR
J- eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments ot his own invention, vrhosa
•uperiorlty has rot been equaled. ily succeu uu
been due to the merits of my wortc
Office Hours— li 10 i r. it.
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE UKBAX SCHOOL, AT 2124 CAI.r-
fornla street, will begin on MONDAY, Jan. 6,
1896. Mr. C. Brier will begtn his lectures on Pby-
alcs early In the coming year. A department tor
very youn^ boys will be added to tho school.
. NATHAN W. MtHillE. Pricnlpal.