VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 154.
Assassinated by a Fanatic
While Entering the
Shrine.
BULLET IN TEE BREAST.
Removed to the Palace at
Teheran, Where He Soon
• . Expires. .
ARREST OF THE MURDERER.
Nair-ed-Din's Death Regretted by
Those Familiar With His Re*
ligious Tolereace..
LONDON, Exg., May 1.— The Central
News, says that h private telegram from
.Teheran states that the Shah of .Pe^ia
was seriously wounded by a religious
fanatic. " • •
.The Shah was entering a shrine near
Teheran when' his assassin drew a "pistol
and' -tired at him, the bullet striking near
his heart. The wounded ruler was at once
.con.v.eyed to his carriage and taken with
all speed to the palace, where he died two ■
•hours later. The murderer was arrested;
It is believed that he had accomplices.
The details that have reached here of
the assassination of the. Shah are of the
briefest character.. A3 the Shah was en
tering the' inner court of the shrine of
Shah Abdul Azim the assassin, who is
said/ to be a Bay y id from Kerman named
Mollah P.eza, delivered the fetal shot.
The Shah was attended by his chief phy
sician, Dr. Tholozah, and other physicians.
The assasination caused much. alarm.
Prince Naib-es-Sallaneh, tho' third son of
the Shah, retired to his palace' at the re-'
quest of the Government.. The heir to the
throne, Muziffer ed-Diri, is ..at -Tabriz.
He will leave for the capital as soon as
possible. ' '
1 A possible reason for the en me is that
' there has been mucu discontent for some
time owing to the dearness of provisions.
partly caused ' by the excessive issue of
copper coins. • . • .
WASHINGTON, D. C, May i: — The
following cablegram 10 .Secretary Oiney
was received from United States Minister
AJex McDonald, at Teheran:
TEHERAN, Peesia, May 1, 1896.
To Oiney, Secretary of State, Washington:-
The Shah, while visiting a shrine near the
city to-day for devotion,' on entering the
inner sanctuary was shot by an assassin
disguised as a woman, the bullet entering,
the region of the heart. He expired in a
few minutes. The regicide was a revolu
tionary fanatic. . There is. great distress,
but the city is quiet. •
Shortly after the receipt of the news of
the assassination -Secretary Oiney sent a:
cable message to Minister'McDbnald say
ing that the Presidentdirected that sincere
condolences be rendered- and abh.orre.nce
of- the crime expressedto the Government
of Persia and the family of the Shah..
Nazr-ed-Din, . the' Persian ' monarch,
was born' July 17,1831.- He was the son
and successor of Moubammed and suc
ceeded- to the thrpn-e September. 10, 1848.
Just after the commune of -Paris Nazr-ed-
Din made a to.ur of Europe and the edu
cational' . advantages ' derived from his
travels' resulted in- the institution .of a
more-, liberal .administration of govern
ment on his return to Persia:
.. The' -new Shab -is' Mo.uzaffer-ed-Din,
/who- was born March 5,'i853.- His. official
title was.Mirza.Valeahd; or Heir Presump
tive. He has rive. sons, of whom, the-eldest
is Mohammed Ali MeTza, and five daugh
ters. .'• . .- ' . . ' . '•' • " •'
The assassination, of Nazr-ed-Din by a
fanatic becomes a greater source of regret
from the fact that his extended travels
had taught hid a degree of religious toler
ance surpassing most Eastern potentates.
The records of .thje'State Department
contain many communications attesting
the Shah's leajiings-'toward.-liberality and
justice. In one particular instance where
an Armenian Christian, under the protec
tion of American missionaries, was strot at
Oroomrah, Persia, in 1893, the Shah sent
his son and heir-apparent to investigate
the matter on the complaint of United
States Minister McDonald^ ' .-• •'
The Persian Prime Minister informed
Mr. McDonald that imperative orders had
been issued to have exemplary punish
ment inflicted upon those who had com
mitted the deed and to take every possible,
measure for the protection of other Chris
tians who might be in danger. . .
Mr. McDonald forwarded the entire cor
respondence to Secretary Gresham, stating
that it was the request of the American
missionaries that the Shah's letter should
be published for the benefit of their friends
at home.
Persia is not represented in the United
.States in diplomatic or consular capacity
and probably will not be until an incident
that caused some embarrassment in the
relations of the two countries is forgotten.
Eight years ago the Sbah who waa killed
to-day decided to send a diplomatic repre
sentative to Washington and the Govern
ment was notified of the intentiln. The
new Minister was Hadji Hassan Ghouli
Khan Matamed el Veszare.
One day the State Department received
a number of trunks and other baggace
bearing the name of Hadji Hassan ad
dresseii to its care. Time passed and noth
ing was heard of the expected diplomat.
Finally the department sent a telegraphic
inquiry to its Minister at Teheran request
ing information as to the Persian Minis
ter's whereabouts^ and the surprising
answer was returned that Hadji Hassan
had left Persia months before and was sup
posed to be in the United States.
The State Department oittcials were
worried and sent numerous dispatches to
► representatives of the United States at
posts along the route presumably taken
by the Minister in his, journey to Amer
ica, but no satisfactory information was
received in reply. In the course of time
Hadji Hassan reached Washington and it
was then learned that he had succumbed
to the fascinations of Paris and spent a
long period there incognito.
The newspapers published this story
very generally, and the paragraphers
made humorous comments on Hadji
Hassan's long name and his mysterious
disappearance from public view. These
things offended the Minister greatly. He
was also chagrined over the attention at
tracted by his peculiar dress and appear
ance. He wrote to the Secretary of State
comDlainins: of these matters and with
drew with his suite, returning to Persia.
The reverence associated with the person
of the Shah is well illustrated in the treaty
of friendship and commerce which Hon.
Carroll Spence, United States Minister,
made with Persia in 185G. In the preamble
the late Shah is described with true orien
tal hyperbole in this language: "The Pres
ident of the United States of North
America and his Majesty as exalted
as th.e planet Saturn, the sovereign to
whom the sun serves as a standard; whose
splendor and .magnificence are equal to
that of the skies; the sublime sovereign,
the monarch whose armies are as numer- .
ous as the stars; whose greatness calls to
mind that of Jeinshid.; whose magnifi
cence equals.that of Darius ; the heir of
the crown and throne . of the Kayanians ;
the sublime Emperor of all Persia."
. CAPE TOWN, South Africa, May 1.—
Advices from Pretoria show that the inter
dict upon the property of the members of
the Johannesburg Reform Committee has
been removed except in the cases of Mr.
Leonard and Dr. 'Wolff. The health of
John Hays Hammond, the American, who
was sentenced to death, continues to canse
uneasiness.
• The Boer Progressist party appears to be.
.unanimously in favor of leniency toward
the prisoners. They consider that banish
ment.and a small fine would be sufficient
punishment.
Judge Gregorowski, who sentenced the
prisoners, was hooted .upon his arrival at
Bloemfontain on " his return from the
Transvaal.
BLOEMFONTAIN, Oraxge Free State,
May. 1. — The Volksraad to-day debated a
motion to modify the extradition treaty
with the British South Africa Company.
It was contended that the company could
no longer be regarded as a civilized Gov
ernment.
The President advised the abrogation of
all treaties with the company, which he
declared constituted a danger to South
Africa. • . " .
The motion. was eventually ruled out of
order and was withdrawn, it beine shown
that. the treaty had been concluded with
tne British High Commissioner in South
Africa and not with the British South
Africa Company.
Reported Execution of the : Crete af-th*
■ ' . Competitor. .'... ■■ ',
KEY WEST, Fla., May 1.— Information
thought to be reliable has been received
in this city to the effect that ■ the schooner
Competitor was captured on the high seas.
On the .morning before the day of the re
ported capture the schooner was sighted
near Sand ' Key light and the wind
being light and ahead, it- was impossible
for the schooner to get into Cuban waters.
Great excitement exists in this city over
the report that the crew of the schooner
were executed this morning. '• . > '
• HAVANA, ; Cuba, May 1.— The Cantabra
battalion has' had an engagement near
Rematas with the rebel bands of Lazo and
Varona. The fight was a hot one, and the
rebels lost ov<«r thirty killed and many
wounded., The Spanish loss was one killed
and four wounded. •..-'• ;• • '• : '
Men Selected by Premier Tup
per to Compose the
Ministry.
Ani Now Sir A. P. Caron Will Go
to London as High Commis
sioner.
OTTAWA, Ontario, May 1.— Sir Charles
Tupper, the New Canadian Premier, has
completed the work of reconstructing the
Cabinet, and the members were sworn in
this afternoon. Following is the official
list of the new Cabinet.
President of Council, A. R. Angers;
Postmaster-General, L. O. Taillon; Minis
ter of Marine and Fisheries, John Costi
gan; Minister of Railways; John G. Hag
frart; Minister of Finance, George Foster;
Public Works, A. Desjardins.; Minis
ter, of Justice, M. R. Dickey ; Minister
of Militia, Lieutenant -Colonel Tisdale;
Minieterof Agriculture, W. H. Montague;
Minister of the Interior, HurIi John Mac
donald; Secretary of State, Sir Charles
Tupper; Minister of Trade and Com
merce, W. B. Ives; Controller of Customs,
J. P. Wood; Controller of Inland Kev
enue, Lieutenant-Coionel E. G. Pryor;
Solicitor-General, Sir C. H. Tuppor; Min
isters without portfolio, Sir Frank Smith,
Donald Ferguson and Senator Ross.
The ceremony of swearing in the mem
bers of the new Cabinet took place at 2
o'clock.
Sir A. P. Caron.it is said, will go to Lon
don as High Commissioner.
Mr. Ouimet has the offer of a seat on the
bench in the Court of Appeals.
HONOLULU, Hawaii. April 23 (per Mi
owera, via Victoria. B. C.)— A violent erup
tion began on Mauna Loa at 7 a. m. of
April 20. The fountain of lava on the
summit is estimated at Hilo as 4000 feet
high. The light wa s brilliant as seen from
Lahaina next night. 110 miles away in a
direct iine. A glow was seen last night
from the lookout on Diamond Head, 180
miles distant. This indicates that the
eruption is of the greatest magnitude.
The direction of the great lava flow will be
learned in a few days.
ST. PETERSBURG, Ruhsia, Mavl.— Li
Hung Chang, the extraordinary represen
tative of the Emperor of China at the cere
monies attending the coronation of the
Czar of Russia in Moscow, arrived here
yesterday. He made a few remarks in
response to hia greeting by the Rusaian
authorities.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 2, 1896.
Actor Lindsley Whipped in
Full View of the
Audience.
OTHELLO INTERRUPTED.
James' Leading Man Receives
Severe Punishment From
an Angry Woman.
VENGEANCE FOR SCORNED LOVE
"Georgia of St. Louis" Surprises Her
Fickle Sweetheart by Public
; Chastisement.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 1.— In the third
act of "Othello" by Louis James' company
at the High-street Theater to-night James'
leading man, Guy Lindsley, was horse
whipped on the stage ia fall view of the
audience by a woman who leaped at that
moment from one of the boxes, whip in
hand.
James was playing Othello and Lindsley
Iago. James was dumfounded. He stood
speechless on the stage, while Lindsley,
recognizing his assailant, rose to his feet,
stammering to James, "This is Georgia of
St. Louis," while the audience was wild
with excitement.
Without the least interference being
made tiie woman continued to belabor
Lindsley about the head and shoulders.
Finally some one rang the curtain down
and a policeman rushed in and placed the
woman under arrest. The play proceeded
with the rest of that act omitted.
After the play LincUley said he had
known the woman for some time, and at
one time they were quite friendly. He
had been annoyed by her and was unable
to get rid of her attentions. She said
Lindsley was formerly her lover and that
they had arranged to be married, but the
time was never set.
Under the influence of his mother and
his brother he had discarded her. His
people were very aristocratic and wealthy
residents of St. .Louis, and did not like her
because she was a country girl originally.
His scorn had so enraged her that she
came directly from St. Louis to administer
this flogginc. She showed a number of
letters written to her by Lindsey, the
earlier of which are full of love, but the
later ones tell her that they must break
off their relations.
Socialist Workingmen Have En
counters With Police and
the Troops.
Several Rioters Badly Wounded Dur
ing the Disturbances at
Vienna.
VIENNA, Austria, May 1.— There was
a general observance of Mayday among
the workingmen. The socialist working
men held twenty-four meetings this morn
ing. Resolutions were passed demanding
aa eight-hour working day and universal
suffrage.
This evening a large number of work
men and socialists gathered about the
Reichsrath building and hooted the Gov
ernment. Frequently the cry of "Down
with Badeni" (the Prime Minister) could
be heard. The mob then entered the great
park, the Prater, where they acted in a
riotons manner. The police attempted to
restore order, but the rioters turned on
them and drove them away, hurling stones
and other missiles at them. ; "'•_' •• ' :
Several policemen were quite badly hurt
in the melee. Troops were called for and
were promptly on th« '' scene. They made
quick work of the rioter* and cleared the
Prater and the streets in the vicinity
where the mob attempted to linger; Fif
teen of the rioters were injured and many
arrests were made. " •
LONDON, 'Esq., May 1.— Some hundreds
of unemployed workers held a meeting in;
Hyde Park this afternoon and passed the
international socialistic resolutions for the
overthrow of the system of the centraliza
tion of capital. The speakers at the meet
ing were Louis Michel, M. Sembat, social
ist and member of the French Deputies,
and Mrs. Mardand Draveling. The prin
cipal workingmen'a demonstration will be
held Sunday. *"
ROME, Italy, May Mayday opened
very quiet. 1 It i* ti' f'lil holiday ,'even the
netrv pipers rhjvibfcV suf.ycidfd publica
tion. The authorities took the precaution
to strengthen the garrison' against possi
ble disturbances, but there were no indi
cations that such precautions were neces
sary." • ' . ' :
BERLIN, Germany, May 1.— The city
was quiet. Mayday meetings were held.
Shoemakers tried to parade at Straulaw, a
suburb of Berlin, but were dispersed by
the police.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, May 1.— A fight
occurred "at Chalet Hainault between the
socialists, who were celebrating Mayday,
and a number of policemen. The police
were worsted until they were re-enforced.
Several were injured.
PARIS, France, May 1. — Mayday was
very quietly observed here. ' A great many
meetings were held, but they were orderly.
Nearly Eight Thousand Arme
nians Were Massacred in the
Vicinity of Oorfa.
Stories of Terrible Slaughter Told to
Those Who Are Administer
ing Relief.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May l.-The fol
lowing report of relief work at Oorfa has
jnst been received by the National Arme
nian Relief Committee:
OORFA, Turkey, March 22, 1896.— The
h©s}> tal which we have opened ia in a
house of five rooms that have been newly
built with good carpentry, glass windows,
etc. It was completely wrecked, every
room battered and blood-bespattered and
all the inmates were killed. Our patients
are doing well. Bat only a small part of
those who apply can be received.
tfrom our distributing house over 6000
articles, such as dishes and pieces of cloth
ing, have been <;iven but. Our committee
this week learned of a family of forty
members, belonging to seven brothers,
of which every member web wiped out.
It is simply terrible to listen to the ac
counts of the massacres; what must it
have been to witness them?
The tacea of the women, with their help
less little ones, tell volumes. Many have
no more tears to shed; are calm, but their
sorrow has a depth which God grant we
may never know. The hardest of all is to
refuse work for the many women who beg
for it. "We can only employ about 300
makingclothinour industrial department.
The number killed here has been given
too few, in the desire of not overstating.
It is now dear that 7000 if not 8000 were
killed in Oorfa.
TORONTO, O.vr., May 1.— In accordance
with a determination arrived at last night
the builders' laborers— 300 men — went on
a strike to-day. The demand is for 21
cents per hour. The employers refuse to
go higher than 18 cents." The stone
cutters have struck wort in sympatny
with the laborers, makin? the total num
ber of men out about 1200.
CAIRO, Egypt, May 1.— The Egyptian
troop* under the command of Major Mur
dock have had a sharp skirmish with a
force of dervishes near Akusheh. The j
dervishes were defeated with much loss.
GENEVA, Switzerland, May 1.— The
Swiss national exhibition was opened
here to-day by Dr. Adolphe Detacher, vice
president of the Swiss Confederation.
Such Is the Opinion of the
Senate Committee on
Pacific Roads.
GEAR MAKES A REPORT.
Ingenious, Argfuu^L ifi-S-v
of the Proposed Scheme of
• . Refunding Debts.
PERILS OF FEDERAL VENTURES
Reasons Given for the Objection to
the Government Control of
Bond-Aided Lines.
WASHINGTON, D. C May l.-Gear,
from the Senate Committee on Pacific
Railroads, this afternoon submitted a re
port on the bill to refund debts of the
Central and Upion Pacific railroads to the
Government.
The bill itself was reported several days
auo. The committee does not recommend
any departure from the settled policy of
the Government to keep inself free from
any connection with the ownership and
operation of railways. •
It does not recommend and feels sure
that the good sense of the people would
not approve any legislation looking to the
control and operation by the Government
of single systems of railways in competi
tion witn those controlled ana operated
by private enterprises or to the inaugura
tion of a policy, the logical outcome of
which must be the ultimate control and
operation by the Government of the great
railway systems of the United States.
In the opinion of the committee the
Government had lar better abandon its
entire interest in these properties than
take the first step in a scheme so vast and
perilous. The foreclosure of the lien of
the Government is disapproved for practi
cal reasons. The Government-aided parts
of the various roads, upon which the Gov
ernment lien rests, are incomplete at the
outlets and practically without terminals
and other indispensable adjuncts.
These could not be embraced or con
trolled in proceedings for the foreclosure
of the liens.and could only be avalied of to
complete the lines which might be acquired
by the Government under foreclosure by
the outlay of large sums of money in addi
tion to those which would be required to
discharge the prior liens upon the aided
lines.
Foreclosure of the Government's lien
would of course involve the necessity of
providing for the retirement of the first
mortgage debt upon the aided parts of the
property, but under such foreclosure the
Government could only acquire fractional
parts of the system, to the successful ope
ration in which other lines and terminals
wholly unaffected by the Government lien
is essential.
in the opinion of the committee no fore
closure of the Government's lien should
be undertaken without full provision pre
viously made by Congress for the discharge
of superior 1 iens and for the acquisition of
the other important and valuable proper
ties, which must be acquired in order to
make possible any successful operation of
the aided parts of the system.
It is estimated by the committee that at
least |90,000,000 exclusive of the amounts
held in the sicking funds would l>e requi
site for this purpose. Any proposed ap
propriation of so large a sum of money, or
the issue of securities of the United States
to provide such a sum for the purpose of
I making such an experiment, would be lit
tle less than preposterous.
The committee is satisfied that the solu
tion of the existing questions between the
Government and the Pacific railroad cor
porations is to be found in an extension of
the debts due to the United States upon
the conditions which are embodied in the
bill.
Attention is called to the fact that pro
vision is made that the mortgages to secure
the adjusted bonds shall contain a clause
that in case of six months' default
in any payments, the entire debts due the
Uniied States shall, at the option of the
President, mature and the United States
shall thereuDon be entitled to enter upon
and take possession of the mortgaged
properties without applying to the courts
or to Congress.
The commUtee calle s especial attention
to the provision in the bill which gives
all lines connected with the Pacific
system at any point, "equal terms,
rates and facilities for the interchange of
traffic, both passenger and freight, be
tween such connecting roads and every
part thereof." Also to the provision that
"any contract, arrangement or device by
sale, lease or consolidation, or otherwise,
intended to give preference or advantage
to any railroads so connecting at such
common point" shall be unlawful.
When it is taken into consideration that
at the Eastern terminal of the Pacific sys
tem there are few great lines of trans-
State roads which have connection
at Chicago and elsewhere with
great lines of road leading to the
Atlantic coast it will be readily
seen, the commitee concludes, that this
clause providing for connection with tbe
different roads practically gives to the
transportation of freight or passengers
going either East or West, competition
between the Atlantic coast and the Pacific
systems, thus carrying into effect what
was doubtless the intention of the act of
Congress in ttie act of 1862. For these
reasons the committee recommends tnat
the bill pass.
After a Quarrel Wrth Her Lover Clara
Burn ham Tried in Vain to End
Her Ufe.
SOMERVILLE, N. J., May 1. — Clara
Burnham, 27years of age, tried to kill her
self for the third time' last evening. She
quarreled with her lover on Monday night,
and on Tuesday morning took a dose of
laudanum. Her mother discovered the
fact in time to eave her life. When she re
covered from the effects of the drug she
appeared to be penitent, but on Tuesday
night she secured her father's revolver and
shot herself in the breast. The bullet
struck against one of her ribs and did not
make a serious wound.
When her second attempt failed her
parents locked her up in an empty room,
and a brother was kept at the entrance of
the door to guard her from escaping. Last
evening she applied a match to her cloth
ing, and in a short time was ablaze. Her
brother opened the door and put out the
flames, but not before she was badly burned.
She is in a critical condition, and may not
recover.
Her parents refuse to talk about her at
tempts to end her life, and will not tell the
of her lover or the canse of the
!'eiwe%u them.
OMAHA, Nebr., May i. — The Santa
Clara Manufacturing Company assigned
to-day for the bcrrrf <f its raditon. No
statement of its liabilities nas been made
public, but it is understood they will ex
ceed $50,000, with nominal assets. The
company's failure is attributed to the fact
that it has been burned out three times
within two years, coupled with financial
depression in the West. . .
CHICAGO, III., May 1.— The strike of
the iron-workers on the Union Loop and
Northwestern Elevated Road for an ad
vance of wages from '6~,y, cents an hour to
45 cents an hour bids fair to be a bitter
tight. Some of the contractors have agreed
to the new scale. A general strike may be
ordered if non-union workers are em
ployed. " ■
Over Two Thousand Persons Fed
at the Cripple Creek Relief
Camps.
Incendiarism Yet a Popular Belief and
Threats Are Made Against Sus
pected Firebugs.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., May 1.— At
the two relief camps over 2000 people were
fed this niornine, the breakfast consistihg
of meat, coffee, hot cakes and other sub
stantial viands. The quantity of tents is
sufficient to accommodate all who are in
need of aid. Most everybody enjoyed a
solid night's rest last night and awoke this
morning refreshed and encouraged. At
both camps the people eat at long tables,
laden with food enough to satisfy all ap
petites.
Mayor Steeie stated this morning that
he did not believe there were any bodies
in the ruins of the Portland Hotel or other
burned structures in the neighborhood.
Charles Griffith and the unknown shot
during the fire- are so far the only dead.
Incendiarism is still a popular belief as
to the cause of the tire, and many wild
threats are made against the alleged fire
bugs should they be apprehended. All
indigent Cripple Creek sufferers have been
granted by the railroads running out of
the burned camp a rate of 1 cent per mile,
or one-filth of the regular fare applying in
Colorado. Last evening the Denver and
Rio Grande sent five sleepers to the camp,
four of which nre to be sidetracked, and,
under the supervision of porters, turned in
to temporary rooming-houses. The charge
will be 50 cents a night, linen and pillows
being furnished by the company. The
prices asked for commodities to-day were
very reasonable and no exorbitant rates
were the rule. Restaurants and eating
houses are opening up as fast as they can
procure temporary quarters. The saloons
do not appear to be thriving to any great
extent, as people are inclined to be orderly
and quiet.
One restaurant man this morning dis
played a sign advertising "strawberries
and pure cream for 15 cents."
Sergeant Dunnincton and his squad of
ten patrolmen go back to Denver to-night
and Marshal Marshall's tin badges are
disappearing rapidly. The National Guard
will do its last duty to-night. A circus is
billed for the town to-morrow and on Sun
day 50 per cent of ita receipts will be con
tributed to the relief fund.
Building material, furniture and mer
chandise are now coming in by the car
load and contributions of food and cloth
ing are sufficient for present needs.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Outlaw Laverone and His
Confederate Yield to
a Posse.
THEIR CAVERN STORMED
Giant Powder Used to Drive One
of the Highwaymen From
His Retreat
MINERS AID THE OFFICERS.
The Fugitive Surrenders When the
Explosive Is Ready to Be
Touched Off.
MADERA, Cal., May 1.— Outlaw Wil
liam Lave rone and his confederate, who
robbed a man named M. Ashley of $250
and a gold watch at Bates' on Wednes
day, were captured near Bates this morn
ing by Constable J. W. Green, Detective
Grace and a posse. They were taken at a
cave, which they had stocked with pro
visions and arms, and in which they in
tended to hold out against the officers sent
against them'. The bandits' plars were
well laid, but they had not figured on the
efficacy of giant powder as an offensive
weapon.
Laverone was surprised and captured
while outside of the cave. His com
panion, known aa "Jack," after holding
the stronghold for several hours, sur
rendered after holes had been drilled and
giant powder placed to blow up the cave
and bury him beneath tons of earth and
boulders.
When the officers arrived at Bates
Wednesday evening after the shooting,
they made inquiries as to the whereabouts
of Laverone, and, after being satisfied that
he was somewhere in the vicinity, waited
until morning before starting on their
search. They visited several vacant
cabins, but failed to find any trace of the
criminals. Samuel Prewitt then remem
bered that Laverone had told him on a
previous occasion that he knew where
there was a cave in which he could fight
'all Madera County and come off vic
torious. The men separated and made a
search for the cave.
Green and Prewett had not gone far
when they discovered footprints, and fol
lowing them they came directly onto tbe
cave. Layerone was Btanding out in front
of the mouth, picking up chips with which
to build a fire and cook his breakfast, and
aid not observe the approach of the olii
cers until Green, who was in front, called
to him to throw up his hands and surren
der. He made a backward move with his
hands, but Green thrust the sawed-off
muzzle of a shotgun toward his face and
Laverone complied with his demand, but
shouted a warning to his partner. Laver
one was handcuffed. Green asked him
who was in the cave.
■ "Well, it's not Regan you've got in
there, and you had better go careful, for
you have got a -fight on your hands," he
replied. ■
Lavernoe was then taken to one side,
while Prewett kept guard over the mouth
of the tunnel with a rifle. Laverone said
he did not know what his partner's name
was except "Jack." Green talked to
"Jack,'! who answered from within the
cavern that he had not yet got his break
fast and was in a bad humor: he was not
in the habit of going out too early in the
morning and had no unusual business
outside, so he though he would remain in
side for a while at least. Incidentally he
remarked that he was a good shot and
had plenty of "shooting-irons" and am
munition. He warned the officer not to
show himself at the mouth of the cave.
He said he would not come out until he
had to, and then he was coming out fight
ing. He tired two shots out of the mouth
of the cave, but no harm was done, as he
could not get sight of the men outside.
Being convinced that the prisoner would
not give up without a fight, the posse sent
over to Bates for giant powder and ham
mer and drills. While the officers were
waiting for the drills they threw r. stick of
powder as far into the cave as possible,
but the prisoner was equal to the occasion
aud shot the stick as soon as it entered the
cave and it exploded without doing any
damage.
It was 3 o'clock before a couple of miners
started to drill, but in half an hour they
had accomplished their work and were
ready to put in the blasts. The prisoner
heard the drillers worKing over his head,
rie realized what was to be done and knew
that he would soon be crushed to death
beneath the pile of rock, so he called out
to Green and said he was ready to give
himself up. Green told him to put his
hands up and come out. He s-aid he
would not do this, but wanted Green to
come into the cave. Green said he would
do so if "Jack" promised not to shoot him.
The trapped outlaw promised and Green
went into the cave unarmed and hand
cuffed his man without resistance and
brought him out.
Ashley, the man who was robbed, iden
tified the prisoners as the ones who held
him up and has sworn out a complaint.
The prisoners will be taken to the Fresno
J-ail to await their preliminary examina
tion. ___________
Favorable Report on the Bill to Be Made
to the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 1. — The
House Committee on Labor to-day ordered
a favorable report on the bill to protect
free labor from competition with convict
labor, restricting the §ale of convict-made
goods to States in which they are pro
duced. The measure was airended ex
empting the manufactures of agricultural
products from the operation of the pro
posed law. The report states that it is not
designed to attempt to interfere with the
right of each State to employ its convicts
or dispose of their labor in any manner
they choose, but the committee believes
that no other State should be permitted 10
transfer an undue share of burdens on pro*
testing citizens of another State.2
Fiery Talk of the South
Carolinan Causes a
Sneer.
WARSHIPS AND POLITICS
Sensational Turn Taken During
the Appropriation Argument
in the Senate.
"ALL DECENCY OVERRIDDEN."
Denunciation of Cleveland and Can
lisle Followed by a Prediction
' . . of Disaster.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 1.— The
.session of the Senate to-day was enlivened
by two characteristic speeches — a fiery and
impetuous one by Tillman of South Caro
lina and a temperate and suggestive one
by Hill of New York. Tillman— wearing
in his necktie anembium of his last speech
in ihe Senate, a miniature gold pitchfork —
strode up and down in the rear of the
back seats on the Democratic side of the
chamber gesticulating forcibly and in
veighing against the President, the
Secretary of the Treasury and the bankers
ana money-lenders of Wall street and
threatening the withdrawal of his State
from the Democratic colurnaif the Chicago
convention Bhpuld not declare in favor of
free silver at 16 to 1.
Hill's reply tc him was dignified, but
sarcastic. He. too, spoke of the Chicago
convention ; declared that he did not be
lieve that Cleveland was a candidate for
the nomination ; said that he was not
pledged to him or to any member of his
Cabinet; eulogized Carlisle for his public
services, while criticizing him for his in
terference against the re-election of Sena
tor Blackburn, and closed a long speech
by declaring that the policy of the Demo
cratic party should be in essentials unity;
in non-essentials, liberty; in all things,
charity.
Before the speech-making began a vote
was taken on Gorman's motion to reduce
the number of battle-ships provided for in
the bill from four to two (a reduction of
17,500,000 in expenditures) and it was
agreed to— ayes 31, noes 27.
Another vote was taken on a motion by
Allen of Nebraska to strike out the appro
priation for the two battle-ships, but there
were only thirteen Senators in favor of
teat proposition.
. An amendment was offered by Chandler
of New Hampshire appropriating $4,000,000
for twenty torpedo-boats and for torpedo
boat destroyers, but a vote was not reached
upon it. It was agreed, however, that the
final vote on the naval appropriation bill
shall be taken before adjournment to
morrow.
The Senate bill appropriating $75,000 to
carry into effect the stipulations of the
treaty of Washington of February 8, 189t>,
between the United States and Great
Britain as to seizures of Canadian sealing
vessels, was reported by Sherman (R.) of
Ohio, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and passed.
Butler(Pop.) of North Carolina intro
duced a bill to make the Mexican silver
dollar, the Japanese yen and the trade
dollar-equal in value to the standard dol
larof the United States and a full le»al
tender to any amount for all debts and
demands, public or private, and he made
an argument in support of it. The bill
was referred to the Finance Committee.
The House bill for the disposal of public
reservations in vacated townsite or addi
tions to the townsitea in the Territory of
Oklahoma was passed.
After the passage of several private bills
the naval appropriation bill was taken up,
the question being on the amendment of
fered by Gorman (D.) of Maryland to re
duce the number of battle-ships provided
for in the bill from four to two. This is
the amendment which has been in contro
versy for the last three days. Withoutfur
ther discussion the vote was taken and
the amendment was agreed to — ayes 31,
noes 27. The vote in detail was as fol
lows:
Ayes— Allen, Baker.Bate, Berry, Blanch
ard, Butler, Chilton, Gallinger, George,
Gorman, Hill, Jones of Arkansas, Kyle,
Mills, Mitchell of Wisconsin, Nelson,
Pasco, Peffer, Pettigrew, Pritchard, Pugh,
Roach, Sherman, Turpie, Vest, Vilas,
Walthall, Warren, White, Wiison, Wol
cott—31.
Noes— Bacon, Blackburn, Brown, Can
non, Carter, Clark. Daniel, Davis, Faulk
ner, Frye, Gear, Gibson, Hawley, Irby,
Lodge, McBride, McMillan, Mantle,
Mitchell of Oregon, Perkins, Platt, Quay,
Sewell, Snoup. Squire, Stewart, Teller— 27.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska offered an
amendment striking out the item for the
two battle-ships (seven and a half million
dollars). The vote was taken without dis
cussloa and th* amendment was disagreed
to— ayes 13, noes 44. The Senators voting
aye were: Allen, Berry, Chilton, George,
Jones of Arkansas, Kyle, Pasco, Peffer,
Pettigrew, Roach, Vest, Vilas and Walt
hall. Gorman voted "no."
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire moved
to insert an item appropriating $4,500,000
for torpedo-gunboats and torpedo boat
destroyers with a minimum speed of
thirty knots and for thirty boats with a
minimum speed of twenty-six knots.
At the suggestion of Hale (R.) of Maine
Chandler modified the amendment by re
ducing the number to twenty and the
amount to $4,000,000.
Perkins (R.) of California argued that
the provision already in the bill for thir
teen torpedo-boats was amply sufficient.
Tillman (D.) of South Carolina admitted
the wisdom of the proverb, "In time of
peace prepare for war," but he believed
there was no danger of war "unless, the
United States, in pure cussedness, pro
voked some country to a quarrel."
Leaving the question of ships, he pro
ceeded to criticize one of the speeches
made some time ago by Hill (D.) of New
York in defense of. the administration in
issuing bonds. He characterized Kill's
argument on that point as "the tyrant's
plea of necessity."
"With the representatives of the people
in session," he continued, "the President
overrides all decency; overrides the will
of his own party and accomplishes by in
direction what he has not authority to do
directly."
A spirited and somewhat amusing col
loquy took place between Tillman and
Hill. Tillman declared on behalf of the
agricultural classes that they would re
pudiate both the principal and interest of
the bonds recently issued.
"And if not," Hill said with sarcasm,
"we will have bloodshed I suppose."
"You can force the bloodshed," Tillman
shouted excitedly. "I tell you that we are
desperate."
"That is very evident," Hill interposed
with a sneer.
"Ye<!," Tillman retorted, "and before it
is done with we will make somebody else
desperate, my friend. I know whereof I
speak. There is a greater feeling in the
States west of the Mississippi against the
bondholding people of New York and the
East than there ever was against the peo
ple of the South. To paraphrase the re
mark of Charles Surnner, 'gold monomet
allism is sectional; free silver is Na
tional.' "
Tillman went on to contrast the two
Democratic leaders— Calhoun and Cleve
land — and said that Calhoun stood up for
the people, while Cleveland was the ex
emplar and tool of the money classes and
represented only the almighty dollar. He
sneered at Mr. Cleveland's veto of small
pension bills while he "turned over $10,
000,000 to one Jew. [Laughter.] Tillman
declared that Mr. Cleveland had no finan
cial policy except of Senator Sherman,
and said that Secretary Carlisle and Sena
tor Sherman had exactly the same no
tions.
Whenever he mentioned Carlisle he
meant Sherman, for they were inter
changeable, except that the one was hon
est to his friends, the bankers, while the
other had proved treacherous to his party.
He quoted some extracts from Carlisle's
recent speech in Chicago ana from Secre
tory Herbert's speech yesterday in Cleve
land, made, Tillman said contemptuously,
"to some commercial combination; to
some bond-clippers."
If silver coinage were established by
Congress, he said, when he got on an
other tack, "there would be an effort by
the shyiocks to foreclose their mortgages
and thus reap the fruits of their roguery.
They are now swallowing us by degrees,
and I would prefer to be swallowed at
once, like Jonah, and be done with it."
[Laughter.]
"But where is it going to end? lean
see what is coming. I may be one of those
Cassandras who see what is going to hap
pen, although nobody else will sing in
Greek over what they say. It has been the
history of the world that the oppressors
never see anything. Belshazzar never saw
anything; Nero never took warning.
"They go relentlessly and blindly for
ward to their doom. The. only consolation
I have got is that I hope and believe there
is a God in heaven who has some regard
for this country. We need other things
besides a rectification of our finances. We
need the purification of our official life.
We need a constitutional convention to
take new guarantees and to tie up the
bands of tyrants and thieves who now
govern the country."
Contmutng in this style of speech, Till
man referred again to Senator Hill a? "my
friond from New York, whom I dearly
love," [shouts of lausrhter] and said that
HU1 had labeled him, as the newspapers
also did, as a Populist. He had no fault
to tind with the word "Populist." It
meant the greatest good for the greatest
number. It meant the rule of the major
ity. It meant local self-government; it
meant, in short, the principles of Jefferson
and Jackson.
"The Senator from New York had de
parted from that faith and prated for hattl
money. No one," Tillman continue*,
"had the slightest idea that the Democrats
wouJd win in the next election. On the
one side were Cleveland and Carlisle and
Sberman, »nd on the other side were
Jackson, Jefferson and Lincoln.
"The Senator from New York," Tillman
continued, "asked me what I was going
to do with South Carolina at Chicago. I
will say this to him: 1 expect to go to
Chicago as a delegate to the National
Convention. I expect to do my level best
as a Democrat to keep my party back out
of the woods of Republicanism and to
throw off all the slough and rottenness ]
that it has accumulated during the last
three years.* But if boodle is to win at
Chicago, then I am willing to take my hat
and bid the Senator from New Yom and
all like him a long farewell."
This sentence was delivered in such a
ludicrous manner as to provoke a general
laugh throughout the chamber.
"As to where I will go," Tillman con
tinued, "I do not know. I will not go to
Populism; but Populism is simply an ex
pression of wrath and anger on the part
of the disgusted Democrats and disgusted
Republicans. The Populists were in
error at the last Presidential election ;
they spattered themselves on the wall.
[Laughter.]
"Those of us Democrats who have not
been debauched or who don't allow gold
tocontrol us will lineup somewhere, but
will not be. after the election, under the
gold standard. If we dem't get a recogni
tion of silver at the Chicago convention,
Then the Democratic party is dead and
gone forever. A new party will spring
into existence. If we cannot beat you this
time, we will serve notice on you that we
will have America for Americans and 'to
hell with Great Britain and the Totries.'
[Laughter.] If we don't beat you in 1896
we will interest you in 1900."
Hill (D.) of New York spoke of Till
man's speech as a remarkable perform
ance, which did not call for any special re
ply from him. It would have been wiser,
perhaps, when that Senator gave to the
Senate and to the country the spectacle
which he did the last time he spoke never
to allude to anything he said. Possibly
he (Hill) erred to-day in noticing some of
his suggestions. The Senator from South
Carolina had not wholly addressed his re
marks to the appropriation bill, but had
spoken of the finances, of the bond issues
and of the bond investigation, and had
finally wound ud by forming a new party
•'all by himself and South Carolina."
[Laughter.]
With much that he had said he (Hill) had
concern. To his criticisms of the ad
mi nistration he did not propose to reply.
He had (as the Senate and the country
knew) little in common with the present
administration. He had not been the re
cipient of its patronage or favors. There
fore, he did not propose to notice except
briefly some of tiie gratuitous, uncalled
lor and undignified remarks of his "friend
from South Carolina who loved him."
[Laughter and applause.] If his friend,
he added, was not on the straight road
which led to Populism he wa3 on the
straight road to some other place.
He did not know exactly what his friend
meant when he spoke about the Populists
"spattering the walls," but he had said
that he was not going to the Populists.
He would hold his friend from South
Carolina to that promise. He (Hill) was
not going to prophesy in these troublous
political times.
"We are changing rapidJy," he con
tinued, "day by day. The present politi
cal campaign is unprecedented in both
parties. There has been a cyclone sweep
ing through the country in Republican
circles, which all its leading statesmen
have been unable to check.
"A com in at ion is likely to occur—
strengthened by the events of the last few
days — which six weeks ago no one could
foretell. Changes are likely to occur re
peatedly. Even they are likely to occur
in the Democratic party which may chanue
the present situation. I therefore decline
to make a prediction. But I say to my
friend from South Carolina, if he bao that
love for Jefferson and Jackson that he
professes, that I hope he will have no oc
casion to leave a party which he has served
well in the past.
"I do not propose at this time (because
I hope to have the opportunity in the
sweet by and by) to discuss the bond
resolution. Then I can express my views
fully on the great question involved — the.
tremendous, momentous question— as to
whether we shall have a Senatorial investi
gation of the bond issues of the Govern
ment by the present administration."
Hill went on to speak of the regular
Democracy of the State of New York, am}
said that it would npt be charged with re
sponsibility for the nomination of Mr.
Cleveland in 1892.
"I recollect," said he, "that State after
State in the South instructed their dele
gates for free silver and Grover Cleveland.
They have not got free silver; but (with
sarcasm) they got Mr. Cleveland. [General
laughter.] The regular Democracy of
New York protested against it; but after
the nomination was made, loyal Demo
crats as they are, they went back and I
joined them in giving New York again to
the Democratic column. And, sir, no
matter what might be in store lor us in
the next campaign, come victorj* or defeat,
come sunshine or shadow, come weal or
woe, I will be found again in behalf of
whoever may be the Democratic candi
date—and in behalf of whatever may be
the National Democratic platform. [Ap
plause.]
From this point and for two hours
longer the discussion continued in the
same excited style, Tillmanvery frequent
ly breaking in with his caustic remarks
and Hill retorting in kind. At last the
presiding officer (Frye) insjsted on the ob
servance of the rule that a.Senator who
desired to interrupt should first address
the chair. Tillman promised that he would
comply with the rules, but Hill had not
gone on another minute before Tillman
again broke in — to the great amusement of
the Senators and audience.
Snon afterward Stewart (Pop.) of Ne
vada desired to ask a question, but Hill
told him he would have to draw the line
upon him, and said that he would discuss
the bond question with him when the
bond resolution came up.
"You never will discuss it with me,"
said Stewart. "You dare not."
Further on Tillman made a remark as to
Hill joining the Republican party.
"If you do not go to the Populist party."
Hill retorted, "until I go to the Republi
cans you will never fret there. You could
not kick either of ua out of the Demo
cratic party."
Another remark interposed by Tillman
was: "The member for Ohio (Sherman)
wants to» keep the greenbacks in the
treasury; Mr. Cleveland wants to pay
them off and burn them. Therefore the
Senator from Ohio is a better Democrat
than Cleveland, and he is a better Demo
crat than you (Hill), I believe. [Laughter].
"The Senator from South Carolina,"
Hill replied, "is defending, as I under
stand him, the Democracy of Sherman."
"Yes, as compared witu yours," Till
man snapped back.
"There is where I wanted to eet yon,"
I Hill said in a tone of triumph. "The
I Democratic party utver was a greenback
/party."*'
At this point Hill noticed that Stewart
(Pop.) of Nevada was whispering some
| thing to Tillman, and remarked ironically
j that he supposed Stewart was whispering
some Democratic ideas. Stewart off^rort
to state what he had been whispering and
went on : "I said, and I repeat here —
"Oh, don't repeat it," Hill begged, and
there was a general laueh. But Stewart
went on at some length, which caused
Hill to break in again with, "You did not
whisper all that, did you?" [Laughter.]
Speaking of the Chicago Convention
Hill said : '-I will go there with my par:y.
I will go there expecting to speak my sen
timents and to abide by the result when
the convention shall be ended." Then he
said in another connection: "While we
are washing Democratic linen wo might
as well wash it out."
In connection with the Chicago conven
tion, he added: "I am not pledged either
to the head of this administration or to
any member of it who may be a candidate
lor public position. While the Secretary
of the Treasury is an able, thoroughly
honest and competent man, and one who
has reflected honor on the section of coun
try which he represents, I think he made
a mistake In his contest before the Ken
tucky Legislature against the re-election
of Senator Blackburn, who was the nomi
nee of his party caucus."
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska got into the
discussion, Hill remarking that he knew
that Allen could not be kept out of it. In
reply to a remark of Allen's, Hill said
something as to the free silver question
and added that he paused for a reply.
The pause was not long, for instantly
Tillman answered the question, saying:
"I want 16 to 1 or 'bust.' "
"My friend will bust, then," Hill calmly
replied.
Hill alluded to Tillman's attack upon
the President because, he said, he had ve
toed pension bills for some deserters and
tramps, and he added: "In my humble
judgment he is not a candidate for re-elec
tion. Why trouble ourselves in regard to
him? Let us prepare for the conflict
against our common enemy. Let us not
quarrel among ourselves. We should pur
sue this policy: 'In essentials, unity; in
non-essentials, liberty ; in all things, char
ity.' "
Hill closed his epeech with these words
amid applause:
The debate had lasted the whole day and
up to 5:30. Hale (R.) of Maine, in charge
of the bill, suggested that the session be
continued until 7 o'clock, or there be an
evening session; but he accepted a counter
offer by Gorman that the tinal vote on the
naval appropriation bill shall be taken be
fore adjournment to-morrow, and with
that understanding the Senate, at 5:45, ad
journed until to-morrow.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May l.-A revolt
took place yesterday among the boys in
the House of Refuge on Randalls Island.
A . boy named Berlin, 18 years old, at
tacked one of the guards with a knife, and
he and several of his friends, armed with
knives and baseball bats, defied the au
thorities. It was only after several shots
had been fired over their heads that they
yielded.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 1.— Colonel
Alexander Bliss, stepson of the late
George Bancroft, the historian, wnose Sec
retary of Legation he was while Bancroft
was Minister to Germany, died to-day in
his sixty-ninth year.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 23 (per Mi
owera, via Victoria, B. C.)— The United
States gunboat Bennington sailed yester
day for San Francisco. The U. 8. B. Con
cord eails this af teruoon for the 3ame port.
Defeat of an Attempt to Ex*
empt Corporations From
the Law.
TALK ON THE MEASURE.
Involuntary Provisions Are Ob
jected To by Stone of Penn
sylvania.
MACHINERY FOR COLLECTIONS.
Practical Defeat of the Proposed Ad
mission of a Delegation From
Alaska.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May l.-Most of
the session of 'the House to-day was occu
pied in discussing under the five-minute
rule and in committee of the whole the
section of the bankruptcy bill reciting the
causes for which proceedings may be be
gun agaiust a debtor. Two amendments
were proposed, one by W. A. Stone (R.) of
Pennsylvania, abolishing altogether the
involuntary feature, and one by Broderick
(Pop.) of Kansas limiting to three causes,
all criminal or fraudulent in their nature,
for proceeding against a debtor.
The propositions were pending when
the House at 5 o'clock under the rules
took a recess until 8 o'clock, the evening
session to be for the consideration of pri
vate pension bills.
By a vote of 39 to 32 the committee re
fused to take corporations out of the opera
tion of the bill.
The bill to give Alaska a delegation in
Congress was discussed briefly, and by a
vote of 60 to 44 the House voted against
the engrossment of the measure— a prac
tical defeat.
A bill was passed to admit free of duty
articles of foreign manufacture intended
for exhibition at the Nashville Exposition
in 1897 and to admit persons engaged to
care for the exhibits.
Elections Committee No. 3 reported this
morning to the House that John L. M cLau
rin was entitled to his seat from the Sixth
District of South Carolina and George W,
Murray (colored) was entitled to his seat
from the First South Carolina District.
The tirst report was agreed to. In Murray's
case, tlie minority of the committee was
given ieave to file their views and the case
-went to tne calendar.
Scranton (R.) of Pennsylvania called up
the bill authorizing the election of a dele
gate to Congress from Alaska, reported
from the Committee on Territories. Scran
ton said the Committee on Territories had
agreed that the admission of a delegate
was the best thing that could be done for
ttie people of the Territory and had recom
mended the passage of the bill in a report,
part of which he read.
Perkins (R.) of Iowa opposed the bill,
which was amended so as to provide for
the election of the first delegate to the
1'ifty-fitth Congress, and then by a vote of
44 to 66 the House refused to order it to a
third reading.
The House then went into committee of
the whole to consider tne bankruptcy bill,
general debate having been closed the bill
was read for umendment under the five
minute rule. An unsuccessful effort was
made to amend the first section, on mo
tion by Miller (p..) of Kansas, by striking
"corporations" out of the bill. It was de
feated by the close vote of 39 to 3J.
Most of the remaining portion of the
time was given over to a discussion of the
section reciting the causes /or which the
bankruptcy proceedings may be insti
tuted, the question at issue being the mo
tion made by W. A. Stone (R.) of Penn
sylvania to strike out the involuntary
feature of the bill. The generally ex
pressed objection to it was that it created
a machinery for the collection of debt and
that, it was contended, was not a good or
wise thing to do.
Brodericlc (R.) of Kansas offered a sub
stitute for the involuntary provisions of
the sections establishing three causes for
involuntary proceedings instead of the
nine named in the bill.
Closing the debate on the two proposi
tions, Henderson, who reported the bill,
deprecated the attitude taken by several of
the speakers who represented Western dis
tricts asserting that the people of that sec
tion wanted no advantage over those of
any other section. There was nothing
partisan nor sectional in the bill, and he
hoped it would be considered in that spirit
by all who discussed it.
Referring to a telegram read by Wood
(R.) of Illinois from several merchants in
Terre Hante, asking him to oppose the
passage of the bill, Henderson said he had
received this matter from a distinguished
citizen of that State, from which he read
this statement:
"I think the impression that some of
our Western boards of trade had upon the
bankruptcy question was that by reason
of the nearness of our merchants to their
customers they bad an advantage
with the failing debtor over the distant
creditor and that this would be sur
rendered under a bankruptcy bill, it
teems to me to be a sbort-sightfed view of
the question.
"That is from no less a distinguished
person than ex-President Harrison," con
tinued Henderson, "who always and
everywhere, whether as President or
private citizen, stands for the whole
American people." [Applause.]
Without disposing of either proposition
the committee rose and at 5 o'clock, under
the rules of the House, took a recess until
8 o'clock.
Among the bills ordered to be favorably
reported to the House at the evening ses
sion was one increasing the pension of the
widow of General W. H. Enochs, a mem
ber of the Fifty-first Congress, to $50 a
month ; one increasing to tue same amount
the pension of the widow of Benjamin L.
Beall, late colonel of United States cavalry,
and one granting a pension of $17 a
month to Ada A. Schwatka, widow of the
late Lieutenant Frederick Schwatka, the
famous Arctic traveler.
So Mr. &Ulon Will Go Into the Station-
try Business.
AKRON, Ohio, May 1.- Ex -Priest
George Francis Dilloa of Pittsburg, Pa.,
with his brother, is in this city, where he
will open a stationery -store. Dillon was
for several years priest of St. Thomas'
Church in Braadock, Pa., in which town]
he met Miss Rose Cecelia Donovan, a
pretty telegraph operator. They were
much taken with each other and last No
vember were secretly married.
In December Dillon was transferred to
St. Bridget's Church in Pittsbure. Two
weeks ago he fell ill and was taken to a
Catholic hospital. Miss Donovan at
tempted to gain admission to the patient,
but was refused, whereupon she presented
her marriage certificate and triumphantly
gained her point. When the facts be
came known Dillon was dismissed from
his priesthood and came to Akron.
* ,
Mill Report* a Substitute from, the Ju
diciary Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May "1.— In the
Senate yesterday Hill, from the Commit
tee on Judiciary, favorably reported . a
substitute bill for that before the commit
tee relating to contempt of court growing
out of the Debs/ case. The bill defines
direct contempttfas those committed dur
ing the sitfingjOf a court or of a jildge at
chambers in tts presence or so near as to
obstruct the'administration of justice; all
others areindirect contempts. Direct con
tempts ape made summarily without writ
ten accusation.
Upop the return of any process showine
any person to be jsuilty of indirect con
tempt, itia provided tnat a writ of attach
ment may issue and such person be
brought before*- the court. A written ac
cusation setting forth all the facts clearly
must be tiled and the accused required to
answer thereto.
After such answer or refusal to answer,
the writ may proceed at the time fixed to
bear testimouy and determine such accu
sation. Upon the application of the ac
cused in the discretion of the court a trial
by jury may be granted. Provision is also
made ior tlie exceptions and review upon
direct appeal to cr by writ of error from
the Supreme Court.
Determined to Remain as Dele
gates to the M. E. General
Conference.
Preparatoiy Steps Taken to Elevate
Colored Clergymen in the
Episcopacy.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 1.— The Gen
eralC onferenceof the Methodist Episcopal
church, to remain in session for a
month, was called to order in the Central
Armory this morning at 9 o'clock. Bishop
Bowman, the oldest Methodist Bishop,
opened with brief devotional exercisas.
The roll was called and the delegates
recognized and seated. The usual com
mittees were then appointed.
There are four accredited women dele
gates to the conference. Their admission
will cause one of the hottest fights ever
waged in the conference. The woman
question came up immediately after the
appointment of the committees, and the
battle then began.
The woman question was fir3t breached
during the rollcall. When the name of
Lydia A. Trimble was called, the oppo
nents of the admission of women made
their opposition and moved that the name
be taken from the rolls until it was ascer
tained whether the person named was a
member of the conference or not.
Bishop Bowman refused to entertain the
motion on the ground that the conference
was not yet organized. The announce
ment was greeted with applause by the
champions of the women's cause. The
Rev. Dr. Monroe was elected secretary.
The woman question was precipitated
by the Rev. Dr. Buckley of New York,
wno read a challenge signed by proirinent
opponents of women.
It gave twelve reasons why women
should rot be recognized, prominent
among them being the refusal of previous
conferences to recognize them.
It was moved that a committee on eligi
bility be appointed to determine the eligi
bility of the four women delegates and
that the committee report Monday morn
ing.
At to-niebt's session the principal sub
ject discnssed was tne negro claim to rep
resentation in the episcopacy. Although
no official action was taken, it may be
stated with ceriainty that an assistant
bishop to Bishop Taylor of America will
be appointed from the African M. E.
Church, and that in addition to his duties
in Africa, he will have partial jurisdiction
in the Southern States of the Union. This
will be the preparatory step to the eleva
tion of a colored clergyman to a full seat
in the episcopacy.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 1.— The village of
Naylor, Itipley County, Mo., was sold at
public auction yesterday by United States
Marshal Lynch to satisfy Eastern credit
ors, whose claims aggregated $60,000. The
property sold was 7000 acres of land, $7000
worth of merchandise, $2000 worth of cat
tle, $17,000 worth of lumber and several
store buildings and fifteen dwelling-houses.
The successful bidder was an agent for the
Horton Land Company, owners of the
property.
WASHINGTON D. C, May 1.— Official
Treasury figures made public to-day make
the Government deficit for the ten months
of the fiscal year to date |23, 455,590. As
compared with the corresponding months
of 1895 the receipts show an Increase of
$14,000,000 and the expenditures a decrease
of nearly 17,000,000.
Snap Judgment Will Not
Be Taken Regarding
Venezuela.
RECORDS ARE VERIFIED.
Delay Caused in the Translation
of Copies of Old Spanish
Archives.
AGENTS MUST BE SEHT ABROAD
Meanwhile There Is No Ground for
the Rumors Relating to a
Settlement.
' WASHINGTON,". D. C, May l.-Mis
information as : to the Venezuelan Com
mission multiplies on both Bides, of the
Atlantic " The latest developed idea, that
the work of the Venezuelan Commission
is being delayed through the influence of
the United States administration in order
that it may carry out some undefined- plan
of settling the boundary dispute by diplo
matic negotiations, thus avoiding any
sharply denned decision on the contro
versy such as the commission was in
structed to make, appears to be, as wholly
unsubstantiated as many previous tumors
on the same subject. . . ■ . •
Nor is .there any firmer foundation' for
the guess that the trend of opinion in the
commission is adverse to Great Britain.
The administration has never interfered
in the least with the progress made by the
commission in developing evidence upon
tie disputed boundary and a definite
quietus put upon the rumor that Secretary
Oiney has been able to threaten Lord Salis
bury with a decision favorable to Venezue
la by the declaration of members of the
commission that op to this time much of
the British contention has not been suc
cessfully attacked by Venezuela, . the
latter's claim in turn having been unsuc
cessful., -v.;-?.;.' V •*•"• .*•<
The sole delay that is now annoying the
commission results from the slowness
with which the Venezuelan copies of
Spanish archives are being translated and
the consequent loss of time which will be
involved in sending an agent to Madrid
and Seville to verify the accuracy of all
quotations submitted by both contest
ants. The lease as far as the Dutch re
cords are concerned is practically com
plete, except in its verification, and these
broadly combat Venezuela's claim to any
considerable possession as the heir of
pain east of the Orinoco River above its
mouth. From an authentic source it is
also learned that no unimpeachable evi
dence has yet been forthcoming to sustain
any Venezuelan claim east of the Pome
roon River at the coast, as well as to large
areas in the basin of the Cuyuni and other
western tributaries - of the Essequibo.
These, however, may be subsequently
presented, the Venezuelan case being con
cededly incomplete at present, and the
agents of the country are still engaged in
preparing documents bearing on the in
terior possessions of Spain when Dutch
colonial encroachments . were being re
sisted. . - •■ .„,'
It is estimated that by no possibility
can the report of the commission be pre
pared in less than a month after all the
possible evidence has been collected and
the Commissioners, who are without excep
tion making efforts to complete their
labors, have no idea that the case will be
conditioned for final consideration for an
other month. ; / . v .:,;■ •■'.' "'••-" J ■%'-,;.
In the meantime the Com missioners are
neither informed, of any diplomatic nego
tiations to render their work superfluous
nor have they intimated in any manner,
directly or indirectly, to Secretary Olney
or to any other person that their decision
would be unfavorable to either one of the
parties in controversy. This for th« sim- '
ple reason that like all : judges' they are
waiting for a complete presentment of
facts. —— — ___^_ V .•
It Is Feared That the Talented Miss
Russet/ Will Have to Quit the
Stage.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May l.-Lillian
Russell, the prim a aonna, disappointed
1000 persons in the Colombia Theater,
Brooklyn, last night by her inability to
sing in "La Perichole." It was tne second
time in one week that the voice of the
actress has given out, and among those
who have watched her career it is feared
that Miss Russell's voice has left her per
manently.
On last Monday Miss Russell maae her
first appearance of the season at the
Columbia. She sang the first part of the
opera, when suddenly the curtain was
lowered. For ten minutes there was no
explanation. Then the manager went fl
before the curtain and announced that
Miss Russell was ill. The audience left
the theater.
On Tuesday and Wednesday Miss Rus
sell took a rest. She did not appear at
the matinee yesterday, husbanding her
strength for the evening performance.
The curtain was raised at the usual hour
and the prima donna tripped upon the
stage as if she were equal to any emer
gency. When the time came for her to
sing she began beautifully, but in a few
moments there was a silence broken only
by the orchestra. The musical director
looked at the singer. The audience looked
on, not knowing what it meant. There
was a look of astonishment on the face of
Miss Russell. The curtain was dropped
and the manager appeared. He announced
that Miss Russell's voice bad given out
and that she would be unable to sing.
The audience got their money at the box
office.
When seen by a reporter she said her
Inability to sing was only temporary and
that she did not intend to leave the stage..
"My vocal chords refused to respond to
night," she said, "and for that reason I
was unable to utier a high note. I was
hoarse from the work that I have been
doing for the last ten days, singing sev
eral different operas. I will not retire.
The trouble is merely temporary. My en
gagement in Brooklyn will be canceled."
WASHINGTON, D. C, May l.-The Na
tional bank note circulation outstanding
is $224,101,345, an increase during April
of $2,873,540. The circulation is based on
bonds of $203,40S,230. Coinage executed at
the United States mints during April ag
gregated $3,471,670, of which the gold «oin
age amounted to $1,500,000 ana the silver
to $1,831,000, of -which $1,500,000 was in
stardard silver dollars.Queen Laura Kissed by a
Sunbeam as the Start
Is Ordered.
THEN THE RAIN CEASES
Clouds That Darkened the Sky
Retreat and the Pageant
Moves Forward.
EACH FLOAT A POEM IN COLOE
The Procession an Immense Flower
Garden Awheel— A Carnival
Ball at Night.
SANTA ROSA, Cai>., May 1.— "All's
tvell that ends well" is the general opin
ion expressed on to-day's parade. The
rain threatened to play havoc with the
whole thing this morning. It was pouring
by 9 o'clock^ and an hour later the red had
begun to melt into the yellow of the bunt
ing, and Fourth street % wnere the decora
tions were thickest, began slowly but
surely to look like a many-colored rain
bow. It cleared up later and "all went
merry as a marriage bell."
- But. the Santa Kosan^ felt like lynching
the.clerk of the weather about 10 o'clock
ia the morning when the first train from
..San Francisco arrived and disgorged a
■ w.d of gayly dressed holiday-makers,
who bad not come prepared for rain.
. There were umbrella-less ladies in lace
' "...hats and spring suits and men in light
clothes and straw hats, and they all
looked in horror at the rain and began to
wish they had not come. Other trains,
with eayly dressed crowds, followed in
rapid succession, and umbrellas were
more in request in the neighborhood of
the Donahue depot thad nuggets of gold.
However, Santa Rosa has one charming
characteristic for rainy weather — its side
walks are to a great extent covered by
. overarching awnings, and before the last of
the morning trains had been in ten
: . .- minutes the big crowd of holiday-makers
had dispersed and was sauntering along,
..'•for the most part engaged in admiring the
store-window decorations, while the rain
pattered overhead but could not reach
them. .
The store windows were well worth a
prolonged inspection, for the merchants
had vied one with another in arranging
beautiful floral devices, both within and
.■outside their windows. In fact roses were
. like silver in the days of King Solomon —
so .-. plentiful .that they were nothing
• thought of. '. - :
'While the rain was descending hard the
."carnival committee. held a hurried consul
tation and resolved to postpone the parade
until ibis afternoon. This was a nice
■move, tot' about 12 o'clock it began to clear
up. and before 1 o'clock the rain had ceased,
though the clouds still hung low. On the
' whole the' decorations were very little in
jured by the .downpour. '.:■. .. ■'
.-•' Esthetic'; people said that they had
grown more beautiful, for the carnival
. colors are so loud : that they shout at one
another, and the rain reduced the ram
• pant- red, green and yellow, to delicate
• pink, soft maize color, and gaslight
.green. •■-■■*' .:..'■..• -:••'. .'.'■ ■
•T.he procession was announced for .3
. o'clock, but it started out punctually at 4.
' Just as the clocks were striking the hour
the sun burst out from behind the clouds
. and sent /his first rays on the Queen and
'.her ladies, who were just ready to fall into
' 'line] •""•■ ' : :''}"\ ', • :- : : : .r ••' :'.' '.'"'•.'■
• In another minute- the whole town was
'bathed in sunlight.. The procession was
not a very long one, but it was one of the
' prettiest that has been seen this year.
Seen.fro'm Fourth street, under the arches
• and ■' fluttering ; flags, it looked like a fairy
. .pageant. ■■■■','. .... . . •
. . The procession formed at Fourth street
and McDonald -.avenue and proceeded
■thence to the Donahue depot. The marshals,
_ on black horses, gayly decorated with the
-carnival colors, dashed on ahead to see
that the .way was unobstructed for her
Majesty and suite. ,' • "
*.'• They kept the. route so clear that every
one was loud in ;praise of Chief Marshal
George Halli his chief aids — A. L. Fisher
and Robert Ross, and their aids, who were
'both numerous and .efficient. After the
• marshal's came Roricovieri's band, playing
' lively strains, and the military contingent,
consisting of Company D, N. G. C, of San
Rafael, commanded'-' by. Captain Elliot;
• Company E of Santa Rosa,' Captain Haven ;
end Company C • of Petal u ma, Captain
Phillips. \ ' .' ';■ '. * • ' .•
The queen's float, which came next, was
the most splendid outfit in the whole pro
. cession. . It represented a large, graceful
boat, the frame of which was covered with
white roses and snowballs, enough foliage
being left on the flowers to give the ap
pearance of filmy green- over the white..
The queen's throne .and' cushions and the
harness of her six white horses were all of
apple green; A canopy of . white roses
supported a large crown : of pink' roses,
placed above the throne.
Her Majesty wore her coronation robe
and looked very gracious ana pretty as
she bowed right and left in response to her
subjects' salutations. Surrounding Queen
Laura were her maids of honor, also in
their coronation robes. • The horses of the
royal float were Jed by six men dressed in
. white with blackened. faces, but little Irma
Gage, dressed as Cupid, sat in front of "the
car and ostensibly drove the milk-white
.steads • with a network of fluttering pinic
lines. . • . ' *. . " ' .
•There.was scarcely a float, carriage, pha
eton, buggy or cart in the procession fol
lowing the" Queen which : was . not : well
worth .admiring. Those . to which the
judges awarded' prizes are worthy of spe
cial mention, however.
•Among the' equipages that of Miss Millie
Mathews was considered to have well de
served the first prize. The turnout was
so covered "with marigolds that no part of
the original carriage could be seen. . The
pair of handsome black horses had orange
colored harness; the carriage-hood was
of orange-colored chiffon. Miss Mathews,
who. drove, had yellow ribbons, and she.
Miss Irma Wood and the Misses SeawaJl
were all gowned alike in range-colored
chiffon.
Another first prize for carriages was cap
tured by Mrs. Dr. Wiley and Mrs. J. W.
Dates and child, who were dressed in pink
roses.
An equipage that Augmtin 1 Daily would
. have courted for his performance of "A
Midsummer Night's Dream," was one en
tered by W. W. Foster and occupied by
the children of Mrs. Woodward and Mrs.
C. Wright.
Four brown Shetland ponies, with white
manes and tails, drew the fairy-like ve
hicle, which seemed to be composed en
tirely of California poppies. The carriage
canopy was of yellow chiffon, the pretty
children were all in yellow and four little
black-faced boys dressed as jockeys in
white and. yellow led the ponies. This
decorated carriage also won a prize.
Miss Jennie Marshall and her guests
rode in a beautiful turnout of white and
gaslight green.
The carriage was covered with, snow
balls, and the three white horses, driven
tandem fashion, were harnessed in pale
green, the leader being ridden by a postil
lion dressed in white and green. The out
riders, who bestrode white steeds, wore
the same colors, and the tiny tiger, stand
ing in the rear of the carriage, wore a Louis
XIV costume, with powdered hair. Miss
Marshall and her friend were gowned in
white, and their neat outfit took the sec
ond prize for the best decorated carriage.
Other prizes were won by Miss Rout
ledge, for a phaeton charmingly decorated
with snowballs, and by Miss Clara Hah
man for a buggy in white and blue.
Miss May Moore, who was one of the
most admired figures in the procession,
performed the difficult feat of standing in
a Roman chariot and driving three horses
abreast. Her car was one mass of calla
lilies and snowballs, and her white horses
were covered with yellow silk nets. Miss
Moore, who wore a gown of orange-colored
gauze and satin, drove her novel turnout
as easily and gracefully as though she had
been a Roman maiden, used all her life to
chariot driving. The Roman rig won the
first Drize for the best decorated cart, and
Miss Lot Guerne won the second for a
turnout covered with snowballs.
Among the floats the Santa Rosa High
Scnool took first prize for an artistic de
vice representing a water lily lying on a
pond. The water was represented by
green moss. The petals of the huge lily
were woven of white roses and snowballs
and a bunch of pretty young girls in yel
low frocks rose from the center of the
flower to represent the chalice.
The Sonoma Valley High School won
the second prize with a float representing
the Temple of Vesta.
The pillars of the goddess' shrine were
of white roses, the frieze of the temple be
ing composed of snowballs, ornamented
bv a classic design in California poppies.
Within the temple the vestal virgins were
sprinkling rose leaves on the altars, from
which incense ascended. The six white
horses which drew the float were led by
young men dressed as Roman Senators.
1 The Occidental Anti-Tobacco Society
won the first prize for the best decorated
lodge float. It was occupied by children
in allegorical dresses and attitudes, show
ing the triumph of abstinence over the de
mon tobacco.
Among the other prize-winners Miss
Champion and Miss Hacken came in first
and second as the best decorated eques
triennes, and F. McDonald and Anna
Foster won first and second prizes as the
best decorated juvenile equestriennes.
There were a number of other features
in the procession which would certainly
have won prizes if there had been as many
awards as there were good turnouts. A
buggy covered with Gold of Ophir roses,
drawn by black horses with terra-cotta
colored harness, was much admired.
An old-fashioned school-house, driven by
Uncle Sam, attracted a good deal of at
tention, and a man-of-war, under full sail,
■which tacked along the street without any
apparent motive power, was much com
mented upon, until some genius discov
ered that the horses were within concealed
in the hold. Charles Holmes was the cap
tain of this craft. The Fire Department
was another conspicuous feature in the
parade.
It was after 5 o'clock when the proces
sion disbanded, after passing through
most of the principal streets. The crowd,
which had been good-natured all day, had
become quite exhilarated by the pageant
and the sunshine, and t!ie Queen was
heartily cheered and applauded as she
drove home.
One Pretty Feature of the Carnival of
Ilotte.% Hall.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 1.— The rose
carnival ball in the Athenreum to-night is
a brilliant success.
Visitors and residents who were deterred
by the rain from joining in the procession
have all attended the dance, and the dis
play of pretty faces and smart trocks has
been exceptionally tine. The building was
almost overcrowded at the opening of the
ball at 9:45 o'clock, and since then the
throng has increased and the floor, which
is supposed to accommodate 200 dancers,
has been comfortably filled for each dance,
with more couples waiting to take their
turn.
The hall decorations are very pretty.
Calla lilies and ferns surround the gallery,
the semi-circuiar floor is covered with
white canvas, and the enclosing railings
are draped in green and yellow, the red to
complete the carnival colors being sup
plied by crimson Chinese lanterns. The
canopy over the Queen's throne is of
white, pink and blue, tented over with
strips of long white bunting.
In addition to the- dancers there are
scores of fashionable onlookers, who oc
cupy the boxes, the gallery and the par
quet seats. Altogether there are over 2000
people in the Athenaeum.
The crand march was one long to be re
membered. Such an exhibition of beauty
and elegance was never before seen in
Santa Rosa.
The bewildering evolutions of the well
trained participants as they marched and
countermarched in the beautiful figures
won loud applause from the spectators.
When the first strains of the grand march
sounded Floor Manager George F. King,
accompanied by Frank Loughrey Jr., Mc-
Quaid Davis and Virgil Hofer, the 'floor
managers, appeared at the entrance.
They were dressed in court costume and
slowly walked abreast down the room,
followed by the courtly train. After them
came six little pages in black velvet Faunt
leroy costumes. Then a little tot in pink
tights and gauzy wings walked out with
stately grace and fairly captured the audi
ence by "her childish grace.
Then came the Queen in her royal robes
of white, with diamonds sparkling from
her brow and throat. Kin Rose Crook,
the lady of honor, was next in the train,
her gown being a rich gold-colored silk.
The tenladies-in-waitiiiK followed, two bv
two, in silken gowns of pink, blue, orange,
cream and gaslight green.
There was a patter of little feet, as the
fifty-two wee girls of the living whist
passed on to the canvas floor. They were
all In white from head to foot, and bore
arrows covered with white roses. The tall
form of J. C. Sims, president of the car
| nival, beaded the train of citizens with
their ladies.
After several evolutions the Queen as
cended the throne and all but the whist
actors ranged themselves in the back
alcove of the ballroom.
A sharp whistle from Floor Director
King was all that was needed to direct the
white-robed lassies with the bows and ar
rows, who, after some surprisingly diffi
cult figures, passed in review before the
throne and cast their floral weapons at the
Queen's feet. Then a blast of the whistle
caused them to form in a square facing the
four sides of the room, there being just a
whist hand of thirteen on each side. The
cards, which were about two feet square,
were then well shuffled, cut and dis
tributed.
A hush of expectancy fell upon the vast
audience at his juncture, and a great cran
ing of necks followed to see the respective
hands of the four players. It was during
this period of comparative quiet that all
present were treated to a pleasant surprise.
Without announcement the band com
menced to play a lively air, and two young
girls, dressed in silver-spangled dresses of
fleecy white, danced gayly forward to the
center of the ballroom floor, and to the
time of the music and a set of castanets
performed a beautiful Spanish dance.
The two graceful young ladies, who ap
peared to be about 14 years of age, were
Lottie and Emma Brady of San Francisco.
For an encore the sisters danced a slow,
easy motioned fantasy to waltz music. It
was not a waltz nor a skirt dance, and yet
was both, with a few Highland fling and
hornpipe variations, and in all a most en-
trancing performance.
Then the long-talked-of whist game
commenced. Spades were the trumps, the
four floor managers playing the cards,
and the fact that only two misDlays
marked the game stamped them as good
players. Messrs. King and Loughery
were partners and had four trumps each.
Mr. Davis led off from his long suit of
hearts and his partner captured King's
king with the ace amid loud applause.
The king of clubs from the hand of
King took the next trick, and he, evidently
being in a quandary as to what suit to
open, led a trump. This trick was cap
tured by Louehery with the ace. He at
once returned his partner's lead of trumps.
A king in the haud of Hofer beat King's
queen and made two tricks for each side.
Then a clever finesse of a ten-spot of
diamonds by Loughery made a third trick
for his side, and the ace of diamonds on
the next for their opponents evened up
the score again. A heart led from Lough
ery was trumped by King and promptly
overtrumped by Hoffer, and this bright
play seemed to please the audience won
derfully.
It was now clearly seen by all whist
players present — and there seemed to be
many — that the game was in the hands of
King and Loughery, the latter holding
the two best trumps to protect his part
ner's suit. When the last card was played
the winning side could count no less than
nine tricks on their side of the house.
The twinkling white feet of the little
ones then sped swiftly around the room
several times and took their places with
parents and friends in the audience, and
general dancing commenced.
The programme for to-morrow includes
bicycle races with a balloon ascension in
the afternoon and a grand display of fire
works at night.
Queen 25 v a Jtulea the Guetta of the Floral
Festival. ;• '.
TULARE, Cat,., May 1.— Tulare's floral
festival opened to-night with immense
crowds in attendance. Early in the even
ing the streets were thronged by people in
holiday attire, all headed to the banquet
hall. ■
The identity of the queen had been kept
a profound secret, and so well was ; it
guarded that the revelation did not como
until she arrived in state. .
Miss Eva Pogue, one " of Tulare's most
popular and beautiful teachers, was the
queen of the roses, and royally did she rule
her subjects.
She was gowned in cream silk, trimmed
with lace, and her crown was of pink roses.
Mrs. A. Borders personified Columbia and
Mrs. W. P. Katcliffe represented Califor
nia. W. P. Katcliffe, cashier of the Tulare
County Bank, was Uncle Sam.
Such a profusion of magnificent blos
soms as was disp layed to-night is seldom
seen. The . arrangement and grouping
were perfect. Sixteen little girls, costumed
in creamy white, led by Mrs. L. Y. Elder,
danced gayly about the Maypole and won
rounds of applause.
The musical Delsarte "drill by six young
subjects of Queen Eva was encored, ana
both recitals were perfect.
Icecream, bonbons, hot coffee and sand
wiches were served in the several booths,
and all-in-all a magnificent success was
scc-sd on this, the opening night of
Tulare's flower carnival.
fraternal Ordrra Celebrate and Crown a
Our en of May.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., May 1.—
This has been a eala day for San Bernar
dino. The Fraternal May Day Festival
was a magnificent success from early
morning until Jong after midnight.
At 9:30 o'clock the procession began to
move. The turnout of the Knights of
Pythias, Odd Felloes, Woodmen, Grand
Army of the Republic, National Guard,
Fire Department and other organizations
was in itself a splendid display, but the
crowning elory of the day was the great
floats carrying more than 1000 school chil
dren.
The little pupils and the big ones too
were cheered and applauded by the crowds
that lined the sidewalks and filled every
window and roof. Every float was cano
pied or decorated with streamers, flags and
flowers. There were scores of beautifully
decorated equipages filled with handsome
women.
After the procession had paraded the
principal streets it halted at the pavilion
in the park. The crowd in and around the
building was estimated at not less than
8000. Inside the edifice Miss Kendall was
crowned Queen of May and C. B. Morris
delivered an oration, bands and glee
clubs supplied the music. In the after
noon there were athletic sports and to
night a ball was in progress at the pa
vilion.
Merry Masker* Halloting for a Carnivml
Chieftain.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., May L— It rained
in Healdsburg all day and prevented much
outdoor preparations for the festival ; but
the directors of the fiesta were not idle.
Letters are coming in from all parts of the
county, many towns entering floats or
giving some other word of encouragement.
Another voting contest is on, and this
time, instead of maidens fair contesting
for a floral crown, it will be a representa
tive of the sterner sex who is honored.
The ballot-box opened yesterday morning,
and already much interest is taken in the
affair. This contest is the outcome of a
gathering held at Truitt's Theater Thurs
day nifrht. At that time and place a
goodly number of gentlemen were present.
The meeting had been called for the pur
pose of organizing a branch of the Hor
ribles, or Merry Maskers, who will give a
correct idea how to hold a floral festival
during the gala days next week. Tbe con
test, which closes on Monday night, is -to
elect the leader of the Horribles. Fra,nk
Cook is icadioK all others in the race.
m
CHICO, Cal., May 1.— The Mayday ex
ecutive committee this mornJne decided
that it would be impossible, owing to the
rain, to hold the picnic, and it was there
fore postponed until Saturday, May y.
Actress Ethel Carter the
Fiancee of Forger
St. Clair.
STOLE FOR THE STAR.
He Lavished Jewelry Upon Her
With the Proceeds of
His Thievery.
WANTED IN EASTERN CITIES.
While in the Penitentiary the Young
Adventurer Has Written
Two Dramas.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 1. — Assistant
Superintendent James Nevins of the Pink
erton Portland agency to-day received in
structions to look up the Northwestern
record of A. C. St. Clair, alias C. A. Combs,
now a convict in the Salem penitentiary.
This convict is more distinguished than
any of his fellows by reason of the roman
tic nature of his career before he was cap
tured in Salem last June. At that time lie
forged a check for $37 on Ladd <fc Bush's
bank there and was arrested. While in
jail awaiting trial he one day assaulted
Sheriff Knight with a heavy wooden billet
and came near getting away. For the
forgery, a sentence of four years was im
posed upon him, and for the assault he Eot
twelve years, all of which he is most likely
to serve, minus the lawful credits.
Superintendent Nevins says that at pres
ent there is an actress in Cincinnati named
Ethel Carter sporting a pair of ?1000 soli
tatie earrings which St. Clairsent her from
this city from the proceeds of some of his
forgeries. In' connection with this rests
the romance of the young convict's life.
In December, 189-t, Miss Carter went to
Jacksonville, Fla., in search of health,
and while there she was engaged to sing
at one of the theaters, of which St. Clair,
then only 22 years old, was manager. It
was a case of love at first sight with the
young manager, and he apparently had
no other object in view than to please the
sinper in every conceivable way. When
and how St. Clair obtained the money he
squandered upon Miss Carter mystified
those familiar with his financial resources.
At times he disappeared for days, and
when he returned to Jacksonville he had
"money to burn," which he literally
showered upon the singer. These atten
tions seemed very acceptable to Miss Car
ter, and she finally consented to become
St. Clair's wife. Several months before
the young adventurer came to Oregon, he
and Miss Carter went to New Orleans,
where he introduced her a« his sister.
Meanwhile St. Clair was arranging to
star hia fianree in a play he had purchased,
and she returned to her home in Cincin
nati to prepare for her weddine. In the
interim St. Clair came here, and the next
Miss Carter heard of him was from this
city, his letters iuforming her that he was
fast accumulating money Jor their mar
riage. The young woman had grown sus
picious and wrote to him that she desired
the marriage engagement canceled unless
he could in a year's time show that he was
honest and capable of earning a livelihood
for both. Then it was that he sent her the
diamond earrings.
Suddenly St. Clair ceased corresponding
witb Miss Carter, and when next she
Heard of him it was through a friend, who
informed her of his fate.
The Pinkertons believe that St. Clair
committed some extensive forgeries in the
East, and the fear of identification and ar
rest prompted him to come West. Since
his confinement at Salem it is said that
the young convict has been putting in his
leisure time writing dramas, two of which
are now in the hands of New \ork man
agers.
Si Lovren and Charles Ardell to
Answer in the Superior
Court.
Bail Deniei the Alleged Accomplices
of Train -Robber Dan
McCall.
VISALIA, Cal., May 1.— The prelim
inary examination of Lovren and Ardell,
charged with instigating the attempted
hold-up of a Southern Pacific train on the
night of March 18 s at Goshen, came to a
close this afternoon. They were held to
the Superior Court without bail.
After the prosecution rested the de
fendants and their lawyers, General Kit
j trell and S. J. Hinds, held a two-minute
j consultation. General Kittrell then an
! nounced that they had concluded not to
put any witnesses on the stand. • Antici
pating that the court would hold the de
fendants to answer General Kittrell gave
it as his opinion that not enough evidence
had been produced in court to warrant
holding the prisoners, especially Ardell.
There was absolutely nothing- to show that
Ardell had anything to do with the at
i tempted-robbery except what John Haines
i had sworn to, and be was an accomplice
in the crime*
Nothing else in the evidence came with
in gunshot distance of Ardell: There
might have, been circumstances reflecting
upon Lovren— some slight evidence as to
possible guilt— but the general asked that
the charge against Anlell be dismissed.
Justice Holder denied the motion and
held the defendants to answer in the Su
perior Court. : The defendants' attorneys
then stated that they would make appli
cation for bail. The prosecution asked
that the material witnesses— "William Ross
, Eugene Requara, J6hn Haines, ObieBritt
and James Edwards, or Burns— be placed
under bonds to appear in the Superior
Court when the regular trial should come*
on. This order • was granted. Each ■. of
these witnesses will be required to give a
bond of $500 for their appearance. Justice
Holder denied the defendants' application
for bail. •
'•-.-. ' — •- _ • "
Jones' Attorney Submit the Case With-
out a Itefenie.
CARSON, Nev., May L — When the
United States Court convened this morn
ing Attorney Woodburn, counsel for Jones,
the alleged bullion thief, stated that the
defense had no witnesses and would rest
its case. United States .District Attorney
Jones, after a short recess, began the open
ing argument for the prosecution. He re
viewed the evidence and commented on
the abrupt ending of the case. He was
followed by Woodburn for the defense,
who said the amount of bullion missing
had not been proven, and that in 1891
Jones had $30,000, and the evidence intro
duced showed that at that time there was
only about $8,000 missing. He said Jones
had invested in stock and purchased prop
ertv and at the present time had nothing.
Woodburn declared that the present
melter and retiner, Harris, knew more
about the spurious melts than any one else.
General Clarke will close the argument
for the prosecution to-morrow, and the
case will go the jury some time in the
afternoon.
Arrival of the Overdue Schooners Lakme
and Utopia at the Northern City
Reported.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 1.— The schoon
ers Lakrae and Utopia, about which so
much anxiety has been felt for a fortnight
past, reached Sitka safely, and if disaster
has overtaken either or both it was afte^
the vessels had sailed from that far
northern town for Cooks Inlet.
The steamer Mexico brought the good
news. When the vessel arrived in port
this morning at 8:30 o'clock there were
many anxious mothers, wives and sweet
hearts on the dock eagerly waiting for
authentic information, good or bad.
When at last the spell was broken many
wept for joy and some frailer ones suffered
a physical collapse.
The Lakme reached Sitka without
serious mishap April 9 and proceeded the
same day toward Cooks Inlet. The
Utopia got in on the 10th and sailed the
following day. Since then nothing has
been heard from either vessel and while
both are now overdue at this port it is not
felt that there is occasion for alarm at the
delay. They may be detained even two
weeks longer on account of tht ice in the
inlet, which Captain Wallace of the
Mexico SRya prevails to a far greater
extent this year than he has ever known
before.
Excdus of Delegates to the
Native Sons' Grand Par
lor Begins.
Two Historic Anniversaries to Be
Celebrated at Monterey and
Sonoma.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 1.— The
annual Grand Parlor convention of the
natives ended to-day. Five carloads of
the delegates and guests started away on
the northbound train this morning, but
there are hundreds of visitors still in
town. The delegates do not like to leave
hospitable San Luis, and those who started
to-day were by business compelled to go.
When it is remembered that five of the
delegates are judges of the Superior Court,
that twenty are district attorneys, and
that the majority of the others are en
gaged in the law or in other professions,
the inability of the natives to all loiter in
even such a pleasant place as this may be
easily understood.
One feature of the convention just ended
was the marking of an important point in
the later California "nfrtory. It is fifty
years since the raising of the Bear flag at
Sonoma, and it is fifty years since Com
modore Sloat unfurled the United States
emblem of dominion at Monterey. Action
in relation to the observance of the semi
centennials was taken yesterday by the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons, as re
corded in The Call. The following let
ter, from men who were in the field in
that early time, participants in the action
now to be commemorated, has been re
ceived by the new grand president, Henry
C. Gesford:
Oakland, Cal., April 27, 1896.
Hon. Henry C. Gesford, Grand President of the
A'ative Sons, Xapa, Cal.— Dear Sir: On behalf
of the Associated Veterans of tne Mexican War
we extend to you and, through you, to all the
NativePons of the Golden Wrst a most cordial
invitntion to attend the celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the taking possession of
California and the raising of the American flag
at Monterey ou July 7, 184(5, by Commodore
John D. gloat of the United States navy, which
celebration will be held at that place on July
7, 189(j.
We would also offer the suggestion that
ihofe parlors and Native Sons who cannot at
tend at Monterey commemorate that occasion
iu the respective towns and cities where lo
cated, application having been made to Gov
ernor James H. Budd to declare that day a
legal holiday, of which there is no reasonable
doubt but that it will be granted. The bear
flat? might be hoisted at Sonoma on its fiftieth
anniversary in June and then followed by the
hoisting of the American Hag at that place on
its fiftieth auniversary to commemorate these
dates of the American occupation. Now is the
time to fix these dates in the minds of the
present and the rising generation, while the
few survivors of these stirring events are still
above ground.
Trusting that we may have the pleasure of
your presence and a large attendance of the
Native Sons at Monterey, we have the honor to
be, respectfully yours,
Edwin a. Sherman,
Joseph Stewart,
w. c. burnktt,
Committee of Arrangements of the Asso
ciated Veterans of the Mexican War.
Following is the text of the James D.
Phelan resolution in regard to \he same
matter:
Whereas, July 7 next will be the semi-cen
tennial anniversary of the most important
event in the history of American occupation
of California, viz., the raising of the American
flag by Commodore Sloat; be it therefore
Kcxolvcd, That the Grand Parlor hereby in
struct the grand officers to maks proper pro
visions for the celebration of this event, and
that literary exercises in the City of San Fran
ciaco be recommended as- the form of such
celebration. . ■
Resolved further, That the Grand Parlor now
in session do hereby memorialize Congress in
favor of the bill pending in that body provid
ing for a monument to that gallant hero and
historic figure, Commodore Sloat, to be erected
at Monterey, and to particularly request our
Representatives to take an; active interest in
behalf ot the measure.
The committee to confer with the Mexi
can Veterans about the celebration is com
posed of Henry C. Gesford, James D.
Pbelan, M. A. Dorn, P. E. Zabala and L.
M. Wooster.
Many of the delegates went on the
excursion to Los Olivo3 this morning
through the rich and beautiful region of
Arroj'o Grande, Nitiomo. Santa Maria and
Los Alamo.". At Los Olivos a barbecue
was the main feature of the reception, and
there were bicycle races, foot races and
horse racing. Another large party went
over the famous drive to 1'ismo Beach.
The rinal event on the week's programme
was a farewell ball given by the ladies of
San Lnis Obispo at the big pavilion in
which the Grand Parlor sessions have been
held.
VANCOUVER, ti. C, May 1.— H. M. S.
Royal Arthur arrived this morning from
Esquimalt, having on board Earl Spencer,
who is en route East. Coming through
the narrows at the entrance of the harbor
a sailor fell overboard and nothing more
was seen of him.
Entombed by an Explosion
in a New Zealand
Colliery. .
NOT A MAN ESCAPES.
Rescuing Parties Delve for the
Victims Until Overcome
by Firedamp.
BRAVE THE DEADLY GASES.
Brought Unconscious to the Surface,
Only to Return to Work.
When Revived. \ .
VICTORIA, B. C, May 1.— The steam
ship Miowera to-day brings the particu
lars of the explosion in the Brunner col
liery, near Wellington, New Zealand, on
March 27. It is a story of gloomy horror,
brightened by the heroic deeds of men
who braved the deadly firedamp in efforts
to rescue their fellows. The cause of the
catastrophe none can tell. The mine was
free from firedamp before the men went
to work, and the surmise is that the ex
plosion was caused by a sudden inflow of
gas let loose by the breaking down of
conl.
Of the sixty men entombed not one es
caped death. If not killed by the first ex
plosion they could not have long stooa
the deadly gas. All but twelve were
married men, most of them with large
families, and by the death of the bread
winners 2oO women and children were left
desolate.
Undismayed by the deadly gas scores of
men volunteered to work for the rescue of
the entombed miners, toiling all night un
tiringly to reach them.
Around the mouth of the pit stood
broken-hearted women and children, piti
fully sobbing and praying for relatives
whom they hoped mizht yet be saved ■. So
powerful were the fumes of the gas that
the men could only work in short shifts.
Every now and then a corpse was brought
to the surface, along with half-unconscious
rescuers, who had almost yielded ud their
lives in the work oi mercy. As corpse after
corpse was brought to view, the women
and children rushed wildly forward to see
if they could recognize father, brother or
son. •'. , ■ . : ". ■■
Undeterred by the fate of their com
rades, one shift of rescuers relieved an-,
other.
Overcome by gas, they only waited until
they recovered in the fresh air at the sur
face and then silently ani sternly went
back to the work. At first ten minute
shifts only could be worked, but later th^
air cleared somewhat and the time was
extended to an hour.
Premier Seddon of New Zealand, as soon
as news of the disaster reached him, went
to the spot by special train and offered to
take his place among men toiling below.
His offer was refused, but ne stayed
through tuo night, giving what help he
could. An idea of the heroism of the
rescuers may be gathered from the factS
that more than twenty were taken to the
surface unconscious.
Relief subscriptions in aid of the be
reaved and destitute families of the vic
tims had been started in New Zealand and
in the sister colonies of Australia before
the Miowera left Sydney.
Little Annie Reger Runs Away
From the Mother She
Does Not Love.
Taken Back lo Her Foster Parents
by a Youth Who Is Touched
by Her Story.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 1.— Throujjn
the friendly offices of Fred Buster, son of
a hotel-keeper at San Pedro, Annie Reger
escaped from her mamma last evening and
made her way back to Los Angeles, to the.
abode of her foster parents, Mr. and Mrs.
G. A. Hendricks, who were overjoyed at
her return.
After Mrs. Cusack arrived -with her
daughter at San Pedro, where she intended
to board a steamer for the north, she left
Annie at a hotel while she went out to
send a telegram. The landlord's son saw
the girl weepinc and asked what the
trouble was. She related her sad story,
and the young man volunteered to take
her back to Los Angeles. Procuring a
horse and bujrgy; he helped the tearful
damsel in and started in a mad gallop for
this city.
• When Mrs. Cusack returned to the hotel
and found Annie absent she was frantic.
As she did not know what road the girl
had taken, and, as there were no more
trains that day, she could not start in
pursuit until this morning, but it was
then too late.
Air. Hcndricks to-day begsn habeas
corpus proceedings against Mr«. Cusack to
restrain her from regaining possession of
Annie on the ground that she is not a
proper person to care for her offspring.
Pending -a hearing of the writ. Judge
Clark placed the girl in the custody of tiie
Sheriff. Mrs. Cusack has not divulged her
plans for the' future. Unless she is pre
pared to continue the light Henrtricks
will be appointed permanent guardian of
Annie Reger.
34
Constructors Are Within
Thirteen Miles of the
Town.
DIRECTORS AT STOCKTON
They Inspect Ihe Line and Are
Greatly Pleased With Its
Progress.
EEADY TO HAUL THE CROPS.
Heavy Yields in the San Joaquin
Valley Will Keep the New
System Busy.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 1.— A number of
Valley railroad officials and citizens made
a trip of inspection over the road this
morning. The party included Vice-Presi
dent Robert Watt, Directors Isaac Upham,
A. H. Pay son and Leon Sloss, Chief
Engineer Storey and Bridge Engineer
Schimbler. They were accompanied by S.
D. Rosenbaum, P. B. Fraser, H. J.Cor
coran, A. L. Levinsky, Nate Harrold and
Mr. Kahn of Oakdale.
The railroad officials made the trip to in
spect the character and progress of the
work and they were well pleased with the
way in which the construction is being
pushed. The track is now completed to
within thirteen miles of Merced and the
line will be able to handle freight between
this city and Merced within a month.
• The party was carticularly pleased with
the trestle approaches to the Merced
River and the construction of the bridge
over the stream. The approach from this
side is 19,000 feet long, and the one on the
otber side 8000 feet. Besides being well sat
istied with the progress of the work, the
inspectors were elated over the splendid
prospects of a large harvest aloh<r the line
of the road, and the consequent large ship
ment* of erain.
It is understood that the directors' trip
was made preparatory to adopting the
freight schedules compiled by their traffic
manager. .
This evening there was a conference
among the railroad officials and a number
of the members of the Commercial Asso
ciation, and matters pertaining to the road
were discussid. The meeting was secret.
Governor luidd Will' Take His Time in
Making Appointvirnts.
STOCKTON, Cal., ■ May 1.— Governor
Budd left on the afternoon' train to-dav
for Sacramento. Before going be was seen
by a Wail reporter with reference to cer
tain appointments of State officials whose
terms of othce have expired. He said that
as a rule he would not make any appoint
ments until the end of the present fiscal
. year, allowing those whose terms have ex
pired to remain in office until then, as he
did not think it a wise policy to break into
the year, but that it was better to allow
most of the officers to stay in until they
■hud completed their financial statements
' for theyi-ar. ■
"i' will adhere to this rule as much as
possibie," said the Governor, "but, of
course, it will be a flexible rule, and in
some case? I will make appointments, per
haps, if the occasion seems to demand it.
I recently appointed two members of the
Board of Dental Examiners, one from
Santa Cruz and one from Benicia. That
was to fill vacancies caused by resigna
tioi.s and because the board did not have j
a quorum to do its work.
"I cannot tell yet what I shall do with
reference to appointing the members of
the Yosemite Valley Commission. There
will probably be a'moeting of the mem
bers of the commission in San Francisco
week after next, and then there will be
the annual meeting in the valley the sec
ond week in June. 1 may wait before
making any appointments "on this com
mission until after these meetings. With
the members of the Board of Pharmacy I
shall probably wait until the end of the
present fiscal year. If any occasion should
arise before then to require an appoint
ment I shall make it.
"The term of some of the members of
the San Bernardino Asylum will expire in
May, but I cannot tell just now what will
be done toward tilling their places. With
the Napa Asylum there will be two va
cancies, but I will probably wait until
after June before filling them."
"What do you intend to do about filhnc
the vacancy caused bv the death of Dennis
Spencer, attorney for the San Francisco
Board ot Health?" was asked.
"I may wait until after the Supreme
Court renders its decision in the case now
pending before making the appointment
of his successor," replied the Governor.
"1 have fully made up my mind as to who
will be the appointee, but will not make
his name public at present. It is possi
ble that the appointment may not be de
layed until after the Supreme Court ren
ders its opinion, but as matters stand at
present I think I will wait until that
time."
A Move to Place Static Institutions Out
of rnUtics. '
STOCKTON, Cal., May 1,— A deter
mined effort is being made to have the
Representatives to the next Legislature
pledged to" vote for a law placing the in
sane asylums.' the reform schools and a
few other State institutions under civil
service rules so far as the physicians, at
tendants and most of the employes are
concerned. It is known that Governor
Budd is strongly in favor of the passage of
such a ' law and that be will use his best
endeavors to see such a state of affairs
.brought about as wili prevent the work
ings of the State institutions from being
hampered by the constant pulling and
hauling ofpolitical wire-pullers.
Under the constitution of the State the
directors of the various asylums must be
appointed every four years, but as matters
are at present they are hampered in their
work for the benefits of the institutions
and annoyed beyond measure by the per
sistent demands for the discharge of faith
ful employes and their replacement by
ward politicians. They are then often
abused because they will not do as re.
quested, and often are villiried because
they will not absolutely turn over the
patronage of State institutions to local
political committees.
, Addretse* a Large Audlenc* on the
Woman'* Suffrage Issue.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May l.-A large
audience assembled at the theater last
night to listen to the address delivered by
Elizabeth Yates, the noted advocate of
woman's suffrage. Misa Harriet Mills of
Syracuse, N. Y., organizer of the woman
Buffrapists, presided, and Hon. J. M. Wall
ing introduced the speaker. Miss Yates
presented many strong arguments in favor
of giving women the elective franchise,
and answered the objections advanced by
opponents of woman suffrage. She made
a favorable impression, and her speech
doubtless carried conviction to some waver
ine ones who were undecided as to what
stand to take upon this question when
they came to vote upon the proposed
amendment next fall.
Outlaw Phil Crowley Located by Kern
County Officer*.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 1— Sheriff Cun
ningham has received from the Sheriff of
Kern County a letter in which he states
that be has. located in the mountains of
that county a man whose description
answerj to that of Phil Crowley, who
escaped from the atylum here about a year
ago. and who afterward terrorized the
region about Haywards, robbing stores
there and foraging on the people of Ala
meda County for some lime. Sheriff Borg
wardt thought the man was an escape, as
he was heavily armed and evidently in
hiding. The description tallied so closely
with that of Crowley that Sheritli Cun
ningham lias notified the Kern County
officer that the man located in the moun
tains is probably Crowley.
There is a reward of $oO offered by the
State for Crowley's apprehension and an
other of $10 that the Alameda County
authorities are willing to give. Crowley
was under life sentence on a charge of
murder, and feigned insanity and was sent
to the asylum here. He managed to es
cape, and nothing was heard of him for
several mouths, when he suddenly made
his appearance in the hills back of Hay
wards and had all the law officers of Ala
rneda County after him. He made his
raids at night, and one night broke into a
gunstore in Haywards and helped himself
to all the ammunition and guns he wanted.
He then eluded the officers and made i> is
way south. He was seen back of Fresno
after that, and it is probable that he is the
man who has been located in Kern County.
Mrs. Sarah Althea Rill- Sharon-Terry
Cannot Itecover.
STOCKTON. Cal., May 1.— Sarah Althea
Hill-Sharon-Terry is now hopelessly in
sane. For a time it was believed that
perfect quiet and freedom from all dis
turbing influences would bring back her
impaired reason, but irom her condition
recently it is very evident tbat this can
never be done. She has now become vio
lent and lias to be kept in close confine
ment.
Several days ago it became apparent thnt
she was petting worse rapidly, and one
day this week she attacked her attendant.
During the struggle that ensued she nearly
bit the linger off the attendant. Luckily,
the laceration was treated immediately
and bloo'i poisoning did not ensue. She
is guarded now more closeiv than ever.
Mrs. Terry's reason has completely fled,
and she only broods over her troubles, but
many of her past experiences she does not
remember.
Southern Pacific Has Not Gained
by the Methods of Its
Agents.
Whittier Reform S:hcol Inmates
Enrolled on Petitions for
Sr-nta Monica.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 1.— The dis
closures in connection with the question
able methods of Southern Pacific bench
men to influence the committee in charge
of the river and harbor bill for Hunting
ton's harbor at Santa Monica has embit
tercJ the people here to the last degree,
but the hope is now that the desperate
game of these forgers will soon be de
feaied.
Encouraging telegrams were received
here to-day from Senator White, who is
now fu!ly advised of the nefarious busi
ness. The Free Harbor League has se
cured additional affidavits to-day, con
firming still further tbe fact that unlaw
ful means wer- employed to secure signa
tures to bogus petitions.
It Las been ascertained that George An
derson, the go-between, was lately paroled
from the Whittier Reform School and tem
porarily employed by the Evening Ex
press, and that "many of the names on the
petitions were of inmates of that institu
tion. H. Z. Osborne, editor of tlie Ex
press, ma'ie the following statement to a
Cam, correspondent this morning:
"I know that the town has been flooded
with petitions on both sides of the ques
tion, and that Mr. Carrere, who has re
jorted labor matters generally, was Inter
ested in circulating tne petition in labor
circles; but if there are any bopu« names
or forgeries I knew nothing about it.
"I knew nothing about the details, never
saw the petitions and had nothing to do
with them. So far as the attempt to con
npct me with anything dishonorable, or
wiih these petitions, it is a falsehood. I
desire to add that in all my life 1 have
never received one cent from the Southern
Pacific Railroad for anything but adver
tising and tbe legitimate business of the
paper.
"In this right I have been actuated
solely by the belief that the policy I have
pursued is the right one."
Late this afternoon Major Carrere called
at tbe District Attorney's office and asked
for a complaint against young Anderson.
Carrere charges Anderson with obtaining
money under false pretenses. A warrant
for Anderson's arrest was issued, but he
cannot be fouiiQ. Cnrrere is a frequent
visitor at th» Wnn'.ier school, and is fond
of addressing and encouraging the boys.
On Anderson's release he took him as a
protege.
Deputy Sheriff La Brie Robbed
Within Twenty Steps of
the Courthouse.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 1.— One of the
most daring bold-ups that has occurred in
this city for years was successfully carried
out to-night by two unknown men within
twenty stens of the County Courthouse.
Deputy Sheriff La Brie was the vicHm,
and he was robbed of a purse containing
$287. ■ 5
La Brie, who is the jailer, sleeps in the
basement of the Cosirthousc. He had just
emerged from his room when two men
confronted him with leveled revolvers and
demanded that he lose no time in handing
over his valuables.
There was no possible chance for de
fense, and the officer reluctantly handed
over his coin. As he did so the smaller of
the robbers gashed the jailers wrist with
a pocket-knife.
The entire police and Sheriff's force are
in search of the robbers. La Brie is a man
of undaunted courasre, and had he had the
least chance he would undoubtedly have
uiven the robbers a fight. Unfortunately
he was not armed at the time. Owing to
the darkness La Brie is unable to eive an
accurate description of bis assailants other
than that one man was tall ai*l ttie other
short. . -
A Constant Cough, with Shortness of Breath
Failing strength and Wasting of Flesh, all bel
token Lungamore or less ser.ously affected, and
demanding; prompt treatment. By using Dr. D.
Jayne's Expectorant serious reaulti may be either
avoided or palliated. •
Prominent Men Arrested
by Treasury Agent
Chappelle.
LANDED MANY CHINESE.
Scores of Mongols Brought From
Vancouver on the Steamer
Signal.
HAVE LONG BEEN WATCHED.
A Custom-House Broker and a Court
Interpreter the Gang's
Leaders.
PORTLAND, Or., May 1.— United States
Marshal Grady last night arrested W. P.
Swope, Custom-house broker and politi
cian ;J. C. Dolan, a politician, and Eupene
Dement, Japanese court interpreter and
port Tax Collector, for violating the immi
gration laws. Valentine R. Ritter, an ad
vertising solicitor, and R. Lindsay, a book
keeper, similarly charged, are yet at lib
erty.
For tome time past there have been ru
mors of illegal work in connection with
the identication of the Chinese arriving in
Portland on tue steamer Signal from Van
couver, B. C, and soliciting landing.
These rumors grew, as witn each succeed
ing voyage of the steamer the list of Chi-
nese passengers increased, until at lact the
talk reached the ears ol the Government
officials. As a result a report was made to
the Treasury Department. This report
carried with it weight sufficient to cause
the detailing of Treasury Agent A. W.
Chappelle to investigate.
Agent Cbappelle arrived in Portland in
the early part of last January and during
the four months succeeding has bent his
entire energies to the detection of crime
and conspiracy— if such existed— connected
with the landing of the Chinese on the
Signal. With each arrival of the steamer
he has been a constant attendant at the
examinations, yet none of the inspectors
or general officials knew him in his proper
capacity, so secretive were his movements.
On the March trip of the Signal there
arrived a Chinaman identified by divers
and sundry witnesses as Lee Ging Bong.
The next voyage brought Ah Sing Bing,
who was also habeas corpused onto
American soil by testimony which Agent
Chappelle considered it his duty to look
into.
Magnificent Structure to Be Erected by
the Mount Tamalpais Railway
Company.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 1.— The Mill
Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenio Rail
road bas at last accepted plans for its
station-bouse at Eastland. The railroad
company has purchased a couple of lots
from J. H. Mclnnes fronting on Blythe
dale avenue and with a large frontage on
that avenue will erect a fine structure. J.
H. Mclnnes of Mill Valley designed the
building and it will be upon an elaborate
plan, with waiting-rooms and offices for
the use of the officials of the road. Work
on the building will be commenced in a
short time and will be completed by the
time the mountain road is in running
order.
The publication in a San Francisco
paper this week,, to the effect that a new
electric brake bad been tested and proved
a success, and would be put upon the cars
of the Toad, was erroneous. The brake was
a failure, and did not stop the car; the
men were compelled to resort to the hand
brakes, in order to slow up.
The North Pacific Coast Railroad is
about to erect large freightsbeds at East
land station, ana lay out the grounds
about the depot in lawns and flower gar
dens.
The mountain road has constructed over
two miles of track and built nine trestles.
The men are now at work constructing the
tenth far up Corte Madera Canyon. The
grading of the road for a distance of six
miles bas been finished, and the workmen
are now engaged on tbe hardest stretch to
build, as the road goes over a rocky coun
try and construction is difficult.
Underwood Confirmed at Countel for the
Jfettem States.
SEATTLE, "Wash., May 1— Receiver
Andrew F. Burleigh to-day filed in the
United States court his report of opera
tions of the Northern Pacific for tfte six
months ending March 31. Upon the rec
ommendation of the receiver \V. A. Un
derwood, a Jfew York lawyer, was con
firmed as general counsel of Ihe Northern
Pacific in ihe States of Washington, Ore-
»on, Idaho and Montana, at a salary of
P15.000 a year. Mr. Burleigh in petition
ing the court ?ays:
"There is no probability of such uninca
tion (receivership unification) taking place
in the immediate future and the legal af-
Fairs of the receiver are in such condition
that the appointment of a general counsel
to the receiver is now urgently demanded,
ind sucu appointment cannot await
Further delay on account of any hoped-for
unification of the receivership. 1 " 1
Five Committee* to Assist in Jirafting
th« Article**
SANTA BARBAKA. Cal., May 1.— The
board of rifteen Freeholders, elected early
in April to frame a new city charter for
Santa I arbara, met last night and organ
ized, with Judge Crane as president. Five
committees, each consisting of three mem
bers, were appointed to draft articles re
lating to the various departments of
municipal government, being selected as
follows:
Division one— Judge R. B. Canfleld, Judge H.
G. Crane aud E. S. Sht-flield: description and
powe.-s of the corporation, the legislative
branch and miscellaneous provisions.
Division two— B. K. Thomas, Adain Ott and
D. F. Hunt; the judicial department, em
bracing the police, fire and health depart
im-ins.
Division three— T. R. Dawe, A. M. Ruiz and
C. A. Kdwards; functions of the Major and
other ollicials, together with finances.
Division four— J. L. Barker, K. C. Tallant and
J. <'. Hassinger; department of public works.
Divlson live— J. \V. Tagsart, J. K. Hiller and
A. Goux ; department of education and public
library:
The members of the board are going
vigorously to work and Santa Barbara bast
every prospect of being placed under an
intelligent system of government conson
ant with her present needs.
Fayetfe Birtch Again Wins a Hundred-
Yard Sprint in Ten Seconds
Flat.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May L—
There is much rejoicing here to-nignt over
the news irom Ventura that hi the May
day games Fayette Birtch easily repeated
his record of 10 seconds flat in the 100
yard dash. The contest took place on a
mile racetrack, and the boy ran at a disad
vantage.
The Volunteer Fireman's Association of
Banta Barbara challenged Ryan of Los An-
eeles. Birtch's single rival in Southern
California, to run against the boy to-day,
hut Ryan declined. Ryan was beaten by
Birtcli in the Santa Barbara races, but it is
not generally known that three of the
seven stopwatches at the track caught 9 4-5
seconds instead of 10, the record an
nounced.
Three Favorites Reap a Rich Harvest at
liennington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 1.— The fa
vorites reaped a uood harvest at Beuning
ton to-day, capturing four of the five
events.
Four and a half furlongs, Florian won, Can
nonade second, Second Choice third. Time,
:59.
Six furlong*, Pay or Play won. The Sage sec
ond, Buckeye third. Time, 1:17 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs, Successful won,
Promp second. Libos third. Time, :55 1-5.
One mile, Shakespeare won, Volley second,
Mirage third. Time. 1 :44 2-5.
Five furlongs, selling, Naraho won, Eliza
belle second, Mormon third. Time, 103:3-5.
NASHVILLE, Tess.,: May 1. — Track
good, weather clear.
One mile, Lizelg won, Ma ttie Lee second.
Guard third. Time, 1:47?£.
Four and a half furlongs, Izeyl won, Lei as
Cuckoo second, Granny B third. Time, :58^.
One mile, Ben Eder won. Rondo second, Lady
Inez third. Time, 1:46.
One mile, Overella won, Blasco second. Joe
O'Scotthird. Time, 1:47.
Four furlongs, Chappie won, Harry B second,
Voltaire thira. Time, :53}i.
'' CHICAGO, III., May 1.— Forsyth closed
Us fifteen days* spring meeting to-day.
Sheffield will open to-morrow for the same
number of days. Jockeys H. Davis and
Hager were temporarily suspended for
suspicious riding. Laura Uotta was the
only favorite to win.
.Five furlongs, Laura Cotta won, Jim Berry
second, Lillian Selbel third. Time, l:01 3 i. *
Half a mile, Senator Quay won, Devoir sec
ond, Ethel Farrell third. Time, :49Vjj;.
rive furlongs, Connemara won, me T sec
ond, Blacking Brush third. Time, 1:15'4.
Five furlongs, May Fern won, The Rook sec
ond, Warren Lelaud third. Time, 1 -.OVA.
Six furlongs, The Deuce>on, Tramp second,
Elsie Ferguson third, Time, 1 :15*£«
. LEXINGTON. Ky.. May 1.— Two favor
ites, one second choice and two outsiders
were the winners to-day. All starts were
made by machine.
„ 8 i X rlon 8 t Cu «clne won. Uncle Henry sec
ond, Cherub third. Time, 1- 14V.
One mile, Bonnie Dundee won, Ramey sec
0 «4' H » r( lenburg third. Time, 1:42%.
■« n i x . Hotel stakes, one and an eighth
mile^ Prince Lief won, Semper Ego second,
The Winner third. Time, 1:54' 2 .
SirpoS.^imc 1 . 11 ! 0 :!^ 011 ' 6anlon 8econd '
five . Jiangs, Grace To ' re y won, Nina Loul«e
second, The Blossom third. Time, 1:04.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cau,
May 1.— A second intercollegiate baseball
game is to be played here to-morrow, and
a close score is expected. Stanford will
make every effort to defeat Berkeley, and
the nine ia in pretty fair training at
present. Pitcher McLaine and Shortstop
iaylor, both of whom were sick when the
last game was played, are well and play
ing good ball now.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. May l.-In the suit of
T. B. Butler agamat the San Jose Railroad
Company for $30,000 damaees for the acci
dental death of his sod, Orrnond M. But
ler, the jury brought In a verdict to-nieht
awarding the plaintiff $5000 damages. The
jury were out over eleven hours, and only
J" ne jurors agreed to the verdict of $5000.
J, h £. b * Uots taken ranged from $1500 to
Determined to Enforce the New
Working Card System
at Once.
COMMITTEES ABE APPOINTED.
Ready to Start the Ball in Motion
All Over the City on Monday
Morning.
The business agents and the grievance
committee of the Building Trades Coun
cil started out yesterday morning upon the
Jines laid down by the council to enforce a
• trict observance of the working card.
A fair attendance was present at head
quarters, 115 Turk street, considering that
but short notice of the first meeting had
been given. The forenoon's work con
sisted of perfecting plans for enforcing the
union rules, wages and the eight hours a
day principle.
It was decided to lay out the City into a
dozen or more districts and appoint large
committees with a chairman for each.
The chairman of each committee will be
furnished with credentials from the coun
cil and he will have the same authority to
strike an "unfair job" as one of the busi
ness agents. This movement vrill be dif
ferent from all previous actions, as the
strike committees will consist almost
wholly of the unemployed of all the unions
in the buiiding trades. It will be the duty
of the committees to visit every job in
their districts and make a detailed report
to the grievance committee as to the
standing of each, whether union, non
union or mixed; the names of the con
tractors and the owners; also the names
of all non-union men at work and of union
men who rei'use or fail to obey an order to
stnJce. Opportunity will be given non
union men to join the unions of their
crafts. Considerable time was spent in
laying out the districts.
J. McCartney called the meeting to or
der in the afternoon, explained the objects
of the movement and gave the instruc
tions. Ilesaid that the chairman of every
committee must place their men so as to
cover every district. ■ Ho said that books
would be. kept showing the names of all
men called off jobs, also the names of the
unemployed. The object of the latter
book is that the idle men may be regis
tered in order that the council may assist
tiiem in securing employment when the
opportunities present themselves. Those
members of unions who refuse to comply
with the orders of the delegates or com
mitteemen wi-ll be disciplined by their
unions and the council.
Messrs. Meanwell, Neecjard, Taylor and
Dunn were elected as secretaries. J. Mc-
Cartney was made chairman.
"Business Agent K. T. Mclvor made a
full explanation of the objects of the meet
ing. He said that many believed that the
card was a farce and would .never be en
forced.
The following chairmen and districts
were named: 7 .• *
Sixth street, south of Market, to .the water
front, 1). W. Sporough chairman. ' •
Sixth to Thirteenth and Channel, Charles
Doyle chairman
Thirteenth to Twentieth and Valencia to the
Union Iron Works, — Babcock chairman.
Twentieth to Twenty-fifth, east of Valencia,
— Bell chairman.
Twenty-fifth to Thirty-first, east of Valencia.
Thirteenth to Twentieth. Valencia to Mar
ket, William Dowltng chairman.
Twentieth to Thirtieth, Valencia to Domtlas.
Market and Kearny to the water front, T.
Maloney chairman.
Kenrny, Market «nd Van Ness avenue to
North Beach, B. H. Windner chairman.
Van Ness avenue, Baker, Ridley and Geary
streets, Tluo Hansen cnairman.
Van Ness avenue to Baker street, from Geary
north, T. £. Zant chairman.
Ridley to Twentieth, from Valencia ■west, —
Freeman chairman.
Twentieth to Thirtieth, Valencia west, — Mc-
Coy chairman.
Frederick, Baker and Turk 6treets and First
avenue, — DeVillers chairman.
Baker and Turk streets and First avenue to
Pacific street. R. T. Mclvor chairman.
Richmond District, — Hughes chairman.
South San Francisco, C. F. Schadt chairman.
Several chairmen will be appointed at
the meeting this mornins. On account of
the shortness of the time it was decided
that no jobs should be struck yesterday or
to-day, but that the committees, which
shall consist of from ten to forty men,
shall simply canvass their districts to-day
and report.*
Thirty-Eight Out of Seventy-
Five Pass the Supreme
Court.
Some of Stanford's Favored Pupils
Among the Number That Passed
the Ordeal.
The "stiffest ex." that has ever been
given by the Supreme Court to budding
lawyers has just been tinished. A class
seventy-five strong marched up the stairs
to meet the Commissioners.who examined,
and thirty-eight were successful.
Commissioners Searles, Hayne and Bel
cher sat as a court of inquiry into the legal
knowledge of the students, and it was only
after a most rigid and lengthy examina
tion that any applicant was allowed to go
and hope.
An interesting feature of the clasa was
a bunch of students from the law depart
ment of Stanford University, the first that
has appeared for admission to practice.
Nearly every one who came to the scratch
passed, and among the thirty-eight who
were ' plucked," Stanford had few if any
representatives. The Stanford men who
passed were: Reuben Ferdinand Gilliam,
John C. Applewhite, William Elder Steuart,
Irwin G. Hopkins, Lewis H. Smith. Paul
K. Frost and Matthew H. Kingore. Edgar
O. Clayton and Louis P. Boardman, two
ex- Stanford men, also passed.
The other lucky students were: John
F. Glover, R. S. Taylor, Edith McKinley,
Thomas K. Dougherty, J. D. Beggs, Mrs.
Mary V. Beggs, Samuel A. Beggs.
Abeiardo Juan Soto, Adolpn Bauen, Albert
Jeffreys. Edward T. Houehton, Allen G.
Wiight, James P. Sex, William Whitman
Svmmei, George W. Phelpa, Edvin G.
Hopkins, William J. Webber, Guy E. C.
Collins, Phil C. Dibert, John A. Me-
Guire Jr., Henrv L. Melander. F. J.
Murphy, John B. Zinclars, George H. Hat
ton, Arnold W. Liechti, J. P. Pardee,
George 8. Green, Arthur F. Allen and
William Rigby Jr.
The three Beggs who passed are hus
band, wife and brother. George F. Hat
ton is the ex-newspaper man of Oakland.
• ♦ — «■
Executive Committee Recummendi a
Plan of Action for the Carrying
Out of Its Ides.
The executive committee of the Mission
Iraprovemnet Union held a meeting at
James D. Phelan 'a office, Phelan building,
yesterday afternoon, F. W. Van Reyne
gom presiding. There were present George
L. Center, William Afetzner, John D
Daly. J. H. Grady, A. B. Magun, A. P.
\anduzer, F. W. Van Kevnegom, D.
Kelly and George Walcom. Captain J. C.
Young was elected a member of the execu
tive committee.
The sub-committee reported the result
of its meeting with the presidents of the
former cemeteries in tbe Mission.
The same snb-committee reported that
it had collected data for information in
regard to the Mission High School and
submitted the following report:
Your committee visited the Superintendent
of Public Instruction. He stated that he
would give us all the assistance in his power
and would furnish ut> with data as to the num
ber of children attending grammar schools in
the different sections of the City and as to the
number of pupils thai will graduate this term
in the Mission district. He also stated
that he would support all efforts that
may be made to advance our cause on the
grounds of Join* justice to a larare and densely
populated section of the City. He said that a
high school in the Mission is undoubtedly a
great necessity and Khould be provided for "out
of the next tax levy. He also stated that he
would apply to the Board of Education for the
use of a room or two in the Valencia-street
Grammar School in which to hold meetings
relating to the high school; and that there
would be no objections to distribute circulars
in the public scnools, relating to matters con
nected with the high school.
Your siib-cnmmitter recommends that a pe
tition 10 the Board c4 Education be prepared,
and that a large number of signatures be se
©ured thereto; that a large committee be ap
pointed to present the petition to said board
and. to urge on it the necessity of providing
in its next year's estimuto a" sum sufficient
for a high school in the Mission.
Also, that a committee be appointed to pre
pare and present a petition to the Board of
Supervisors, at the proper time, to sustain the
estimate of the Board of Education.
The Marceau Child to Be With
Mrs. Gresn for the
Present.
The whole Marceau family was in court
yesterday to find out what was to be done
with the Marceau baby. The authorities
at the Children's Hospital would not allow
it to remain there; the hospital i« for sick
and not healthy children, they say, and
they would not allow Miss Emma Bennett,
the nurse who had charge of the child, to
leave the institution and serve for him
elsewhere.
As a means of settling the difficulty
Judge Slack was appealed to yesterday.
Miss Bennett was present with the baby in
her arms; Mrs. Marceau; Theodore Mar
ce:iu, the plaintiff; Mrs. Martha Green, a
friend of Mr3. Marceau's; several more
friends and a few lawyers. The case came
up in the morning first, and then J. C.
Campbell and Garret McEnerney, who
represents Mrs. Marceau, stated that tne
manager of the hospital refused to keep
the child there any longer as they did not
wish to be blamed if the child contracted
any disease in the institution. Campbell
then asked that the child be allowed to
remain with its mother until further pro
vision could be made. Judi^e Paterson
objected, however, so the matter was set
for 1 o'clock when the case should be ar
gued.
The case was evidently argufd between
times, however, for when 1 o'clock came
the counsel had agreed upon a course of
action. Mr. Campbell said that it had
been decided that the child might go
under the care of Mrs. Martha Green, an
old friend in the Marceau household, she
to cafe for him under the same conditions
as those whici) governed the custody of
the child when in Miss Bennett's care.
This is only a temporal arrangemen t,
however, for next Monday the matter of
custody will come up again to be settled.
Judge Pateryon affirmed what Mr. Camp
bell had said, and then the whole family
trooped out of court.
The motion to set counsel fees, which
was on the calendar for next Wednesday,
was put over until next Friday.
The Primrose & West Minstrel Company will
begin a week's engagement at the California
Theater next Monday evening. This combi
nation is said to be at the head of the profes
sion of minstrelsy. A pleasing departure is
offered in the combination of two organiza-
tions— the original Primrose & West Companr
numbering forty and a company of thirty ex^.
ored minstrels, torming an aggregate of seveutf
members.
The colored brethren are utilized chiefly ii
the musical part of the programme, and thii
feature is said to give a distinctive charactei
to the entertainment, which it would be diffi
cult to obtain in any other way. A street pa
rade, in which the tnree brass bands and the
entire organization will participate, is an
nounced for Monday afternoon.
Schilling's Affidavit Finds but tittle
Favor With Judge Slack.
FranK Schilling, who has trying to
have the guardian3hi ' er of Peter
Owen Matthews trans % i from Judge
Coffey's court, has been i .mine just along
the line of contempt, and it may be before
he is through Judge Coffey will have
him up. ;..>, -f ■. .
Schilling was appointed guardian of the
person and estate of Peter Owen Matthews,
an incompetent, and in the settling of the
estate he has done nothing but wrangle
with the court. He finally conceived the
idea that Judge-' Coffey was prejudiced
against him, and he wrote to the Judge
and told him so. Then he „ gave notice of
an intention to move to transfer the cause
from Judee. Coffey's jurisdiction, and he
filed an 'affidavit making « his charges of
prejudice.
Yesterday he made moan to Judge Slacic,
but Judge Slack proved . most unsym
pathetic. The affidavit was read and the
motion made, and then Judge Slack or
dered the affidavit stricken from the rec
ord* of the court. It was a most con
temptuous document, said the court, and
well deserving of contempt proceedings
against the author; but the Judge said be
was satisfied that Mr. Schilling did not
know any better, and so he would merely
strike is * unwarranted affidavit from the
court records. . *
So far as the letter to Judge Coffey was
concerned. Judge Slack said he would let
Judge Coffey attend to that matter him
self. The motion to transfer the case was
denied, and Mr. Schilling will still have to
face Judge Coffey in the Matthews guard
ianship matter and also regarding his
letter. : • c •>Great Disturbances Created
All Day by the New
'.ng System.
NEWSBOYS ARE JOYOUS.
Declare the Innovation Furnished
Great Sport and Added
Profits.
DAMAGE SUIT IN PROSPECT.
To Ee Brought by a Lai Who Was
Refuse! a Transfer for a Legally
Obtained Check.
It was a great day for the newsboys who
make the corner oi Market and Powell
streets their stand yesterday. It was a day
of triumph, fun ana increased profits for
them. For the employes of the.
Market-street Railway, which, by the
introduction of a new transfer system at
this point, hopes to circumvent the urchins
in the manipulation of transfers as pre
miums in the sale of newspapers, it was a
day of tribulation, perspiration and over
whelming defeat. And as for the travel
ing public it occupied much the position
oi the traditional lad who stood the blows
while two oth ers fought. In short, the
new check-transfer system at this point
proved a decided failure from whichever
side it can be viewed.
There was no augmentation of the n?ws
buys' forces, unless tiie increased sym
pathy and co-operation of the public with
themcou'idbe so called. On the other
hand the battle against the lads was waged
by a special corps directly under orders of
tue company or working in co-operation
with the company's cohorts. Atthispoint
were massed five transfer agents, ten spot
ters orassistants and from th'eo to half a
dozen officers during the busiest parts of
the day, and not one of these had a sine
cure.
The severest strain on them came in the
early morning hours' between 6:30 and 8,
and in the evening from 5 to 6. though at
no time, except late at night, was there
aiiyth'ng that approacned a slackening on
the strain.
At the Height of the rush it was that
six transfer agents found themselves with
their hands literally full and their utmost
efforts failed to prevent serious obstruc
tion of .the sidewalks by the impatient
throngs waning to exchange their checks
for transfers. At these times disgusted
men swore, indignant women protested,
and scores and scores started to walk to
their destination or attempted to ride on
their transfer-looking checks, only to be
ejected from the cars with the suggestion
to go back and secure a transfer. So great
was -the obstruction and so pandenionium
like the demonstration observed that the
vicinity of the corner where Eddy and
Powell streets debouch into Market ap
peared to be in a state of threatening riot
irorn sunrise until long after dark.
Nut only did the police endeavor, though
with but the poorest of success, to keep
a passageway on the sidewalk for pedes
trians, but they amused themselves with
even more futile efforts to drive the news
boys from the held of contest.
It was reported that in addition to the
persons who were ejected from ' cars for
failing to provide themselves with trans
fers, many who had been se£U to secure
their transfers Irom newsboys by spotters
were put off cars on the ground that trans
fers are not transferable.
But the most serious incident, si far as
the railway company is concerned, was
the refusal of Transfer Agent Philpot to
exchange a check for a we:i-known news
boy, who had obtained \\ legitimately.
This lau took a ride to the Cliff House and
left his car on his return at Powell street,
asking for and only obtaining a check;
but when he proffered it to have it ex
changed fora transfer the agent named re
fu-ed to comply with his request, having
recognized him as a newsboy. The lad
awaited the return from the ferry of the
car on which he had ridden into town,
boarded it, asked the conductor if he rec
ognized him as having ridden on his car,
paid his fare and having obtained a check.
He not only secured all these admis
sions, but got the conductor to indorse the
chece as having been legitimately obtained
by the lad.
The latter again presented the check for
exchange, but the agent remained obdu
rate. Then, on the suggestion of a com
rade, he at once put uie matter in tne
hands of «n attorney, and there is a cer
tainty of at least one suit resulting from
General Manager Vining's great coup.
At Third and Market streets there was
less friction, as the system had been par
tially in practice for two months before.
The only Unusual feature was the increase
of the transfer aj;pnt« to three during the
busy periods of the day.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 1.— A game of
baseball was played on the university
campus this afternoon between the Berke
ley High School and the Lowell High
School of San Francisco. Tbe Berkeley
liine won by a ecore of 1(3 to 12.
Dr. John Watson of Queens Col
lege, Kingston, at
Berkeley.
LECTURES ON PHILOSOPHY.
Great Expectations for the Athletic
Events to Take Place This
Afternoon.
BERKELEY, Gal., May 1.— Dr. John
Watson, the celebrated philosopher from
Queen's College. Kingston, Canada, ar
rived in Berkeley this morning and was
at once escorted to the home of Professor
G. H. Howisen, on Bancroft way. where he
will remain during his stay in California.
Professor Watson comes rrom his home
in Canada to Berkeley at the invitation of
the Philosophical Union of the State Uni
versity, for the purpose of delivering a
series of lectures before the union on his
specialty. He will also deliver a public
lecture on the evening of the 12th inst. at
Harmon Gymnasium, on the campus,
which will be similar in nature to the one
delivered by Professor Royce of Harvard
last year, during commencement week.
"My trip to California," said he. "was
an exceedingly pleasant one and not alto
gether without incident. On my way out
I stopped at Chicago, St. Louis and Denver.
At Denver I had "the pleasure of deliver
ing a lecture to the students of the new
Washington University. It is a young,
growine institution and appears to be in a
very healthy condition. Thi9 is my first
visit to California, and indeed I am most
delighted with what little I have already
seen of it. Those hills back then:," point
ing to the Berkeley range, from which he
had just descended, "take me back to my
old home in Scotland.
"They are quite characteristic of certain
parts of ray native country, especially
along the Frith of Clyde. They are sim
ply magnificent, and I cannot place too
high a praise on them and the view of
your almost unparalleled harbor which
they furnished me. Berkeley itself is a
beautiful spot— an ideal place for a univer
sity site."
. When asked regarding the state of af
fairs at his own university in Canada, he
said: ''Our institution is young and
growing, and like most every university I
have seen is in need of more finances in
order that it may develop along
the lines designed. Our principal,
George M. Grant, a noted man
in • Ganada, said recently that we
needed a quarter of a million dollars to
bring things where they ought to be in this
age of progress. Queen's College is now 54
years old, and we have in attendance at
the present time 563 students In the main
departments— the literary, medical and
divinity.
The college is growing all the time. In
the last three years the attendance has in
creased by 100 students. The institution
is entirely private, not being supported by
Governmeiitai aid, as the name might im
ply. We have a royal charter granted from
England. It is a kind of a royal 'business
all uround — Queen's College in Kings-ton.
I have been at the head of the depart
ment of philosophy there for the
vast twenty-four years. Originally I was
the only professor in the department, but
now there are three. Our department is
divided into three parts, those of mental
a;id moral philosophy and of political
science. I take charge of the moral de
partment, which is now chiefly an honor
department; that is, only the higher stu
dents are permitted to take the courses."
"As to my lectures here, I will say that
I expect to give five in all. The public
lecture will be held in the gymnasiurii, 1
believe, on May 12. The subject for the
address, which I have outlined, will be "A
Comparison of the Greek and the Chris
tian Ideas of Life." First, I will deul with
the philosophy of Plato and Aristotle;
secondly, with Christianity as set forth by
its founder, as distinguished from subse
quent doctrinal development; and thirdly,
mediaeval Christianity, as contrasted with
the point of view of modern thought. The
two lectures, which are to be given in the
Presbj'terian Church, will be on the devel
opment of modern philosophy; and the
other two. whic!i will be before the union
proper, will be a defense of idealism. I
may possibly stay over two weeks, or until
after the 12th. If so, 1 will give two public
lectures on "Dante."
BERKELEY, Cal., May L— Berkeley's
athletes are all ready for to-morrow's con
tests, and after a week at the training
table are in condition to do better work
than was clone last Saturday against Stan
ford.
In to-morrow'a games it will be the
University of California against the rest
of the State, and interest in athletics of
track and Held has never been at a hither
pitch In Berkeley than it is now. An
other consideration that adds to the inter
est in to-morrow's field-day ia the results
of the meet will decide what athletes will
represent the University of California in
the East.
At least one coast record will be beaten
to-morrow, unless all signs fail. R. W.
Edgren, U. C. '95, is regarded as certain to
throw the hammer far beyond the record.
In practice Edgren has reached 148 feet 5
incnes, ana if he repeats the performance
to-morrow he win for California the
world's record in that event.
The University of California has another
winner, both to-morrow and in the East,
in Torrey, the hurdler, who did the 2'20
yard hurdle last Saturday in 'JG seconds,
and who is expected to at least equal that
time to-morrow.
In the entries for the field-day seventeen
athletic organizations are represented.
This is expected to result in swelling the
attendance beyond that of any similar af
fair ever hela on the cosst, for each club,
college or association has its supporters
who will be present to watch and encour
age their favorites. As the gate receipts
of the day are to be devoted to meeting
| tbe expenses of sending a University of
i California team East, this prospect of a
i large crowd is one that the Berkeley ath
| letic managers view with no small pleasure.
Crafts and Gushing, the University club
men who won against Stanford last Satur
day, are looked upon as quite likely to
come in first, though no forecast can be
made with any confidence owing to the
possibility of '"surprises" where there are
so many entries.
The tug-ol-war teams are unknown quan
tities. The Berkeley rope-pullers will be
F. G. Radelfinger, A. E. Perley, B. E.
Hooper. P. J. Greisberg. P. W. Hall and
C. K. Holton. The six men mentioned
are strong and heavy athletes, and if they
arc pulljil over the line it will not be by a
team of lightweights. The Olympic Club
tug-of-war team is reported to be a very
strong one, and those who have the best
opportunities for judging think that the
linal is*ue will be between the University
Club and the Olympic Club.
There are fifteen events altogether on
the programme. Owing to the large num
ber of contests 1:30 p.m. has been set as
the time of commencement, and the man
agers announce that a beginning will be
made promptly at that time.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 1.— The student
players from the State University, who so
successfully presented Instructor L. I).
Syle's adaptation of Congreve's "Love for
Love" at ShaUuck Hail in Berkeley about
the middle of April will repeat, the per
formance to - morrow evening at the
Columbia Theater in San Francisco. One
half of the proceeds of the performance
will De turned over by Manager Fried
lander to the English department of the
university.
The silk spider of Madagascar spins
threads of a gold color, and strong enough,
according- to ' Maindron, to hang a cork
heralet by. Small textures woven of these
threads are used by the natives for fasten
ing ; flowers on . sunsuadea and- for . other
A Big Turnout of the Labor
Party at Metropolitan
Temple.
MIVOR TALKS OF UNIONISM.
Answered That the Socialist Party
Is Revolutionary and Cannot Mix
With Mere Reform.
Tha 1st of May demonstration of the
socialists laet night not only filled Metro
politan Temple but furnished material for
overflow meetings in front of the temple
and on the steps of the Mint opp oslte.
The meeting in the temple was held
under the auspices of the Socialist Labor
party and was presided over by T. Ross
Martin. The stace was trimmed with
flowers in profusion and the red standards
of the party.
Mr. Martin in a brief introductory re
ferred to the growth of Labor day and how
it was being celebrated in nearly every
country.
The addresses were limited as to time
and intersperced with music and recita
tions.
James Andrews'was introduced as a man
who had suffered the jibes of men as a
worker for socialism when the cause was
young, but now that it was crowing
strong, ana therefore respectable, he was
prowing in like measure in public esteem.
He said in brief that the socialist party in
the old country was loved and feared —
feared because it was misunderstood.
The party was the one political organi
zation that sought the good of all the
world. It was the most peaceable of all
organizations, and this statement could
be proved by comparing notes. He said
the weapon of the party was the ballot,
and this statement was applauded.
When the party came into power
there would be great changes in the
methods of the Government, but it would
be a peaceful change. The eieht-hour law
would be changed to an hour law, for in
stance, and men would be paid according
to the work thev did. He invited the an
archists to come to tlie socialists meetings
at the Temple, and not to vote or talk
against socialists, as by so doing they were
striking the knife into the best friends of
humanity.
Paul Oratkau made an address In Ger
man. The socialists had cast 1,780.000
votes in tne recent elections in Germany,
and he liad been an active worker in the
campaign. The general applause with
which ne was frequently interrupted indi
cated the complexion of the audience,
with regard to nationality.
R. T. Mclvor, business agent of the
Painters' Union, was introduced as a man
not on the programme. He said the
Socialist Labor party was understood to be
one that sought the whole loaf or nothing.
For himself he bought the whole loaf, but
was willing to take stick by stick, grain by
grain, until he got tne full re
ward of his labor. Trades union
ism banded itself together for that
purpose— for the purpose of gaining
what might be gained under the capital
istic regime under which people live. Its
members expected to gain much as time
passed in favor of the power of the capital
ists. It was generally understood that the
prosperity of a country brought prosperity
to the masses. It was not true, he said,
and cited English statistics to prove his
statement. "\Ve are banded together for
the emancipation of men, women and chil
dren."
He urged the Socialist Labor party to
join them, the trades unionists, for what
could be cained immediately, and not to
trust too much to the future. He urged
them to help in taking children out of the
factories immediately, and this suggestion
was stoutly applauded. He urged them
to band together politically and econom
ically.
As he progressed he was warmed to his
subject and thoroughly caught tlie sympa
thy of his audience.
''We are here by right," he said, "guar
anteed by the constitution freedom, liberty
in the pursuit of happiness. We demand
the right to labor and the wage of our
labor. If we are refused we will take the
machinery and the land and employ our
selves."
Mrs. J. May Robinson made a short and
ini missioned address iu behalf of the prin
ciples of socialism.
E. T. Kingsley answered Mclvor in the
address following. He said the trades
union was a patchwork reform, designed
to fit to the capitalistic Bystem. The
Socialist Labor party was a revolutionary
one, and it could not mix with mere re
form any more than could oil and watei.
Machinery had not benefited the laboring
men. This country had produced grain
enough to feed its people for three years,
and yet there were thousands who would
go to bed hungry to-night. There was no
time in the history of the world when the
laboring man was at such a disadvantage.
He has no tools or land and no oppor
tunity to make a living when he loses his
job. Tnere is nothing so cheap as a
human being.
He spoke of the enmity said to exist be
tween England and Germany, but he said
there were thousands and thousands of
French and Germans singing together the
"Marseillaise."
The meeting was closed by the singing
of the ' 'Marseillaise" by the Mannerchor
on the stage and the audience standing.
Given the Victory Over Zeigler
on That One Point
Alone
George Green and 0>ven H. Zeigler wers
the star artists at the physical-culture ex
hibition at the Mechanics' Pavilion last
evening. The former was given a favorable
decision in the ten-round contest because
of his aggressiveness, it was agreed when
the men entered the ring that the most
aggressive fighter should wear the laurels
of battle. Zeigler made a splendid show
ing, and had many admirers among the
great tnrong.
The exhibition was in every way
a success. There were four contests on
the card and all satisfactory. Al King
1 acted as ieferee in all the events.
Jack Burdett acted as time-keeper for
the club and Sam Hughes held the watch
for Zeicler, while Jack Welch did a liktf
service for the young Californian.
Joe Choynski. Hugh Kennedy and Car
keek were behind the Philadelphia youth,
and Bob McArthur, Frank Foster ana Alex
Greggains looted after Green's corner.
The betting was 10 to 8 in favor of Zeigler.
The first round opened with botli men
feeling for an opening. Zeigler showed
poor judgment in measuring distances as
all his blows were short. The round was
tame.
Zeigler had a slight advantage at the
close of the second round. He landed on
Green's eye at the opening and itmasned !
him twice in the face, and Green tapped
his opponent ligntly on the eye and was
careful not to get in the way of Zeigler's
swinging rieht. Green's eye was bleeding.
Green seemed to wake up in the third
round and forced the fighting. He fol
lowed Zeigler to the ropes and kept him
pretty much on the run. Zeigler got in a
clean uppercut and landed several times
lightly on Green's face, but the latter re
taliated severely and when time was called
in the fourth round Zeigler had lost much
of his gayety.
Green reached Zeigler's wind several
times in this round and inflicted severe
punishment on his antagonist.
Zeigler, on the other hand, jabbed Green
with his left several times, and honors
were about even when time was called.
The fighting was nearly even in the
fifth, sixth and seventh rounds, Green
playing for Zeigler's heart, wliiie the latter
effectively wo ced his wicked left.
There was sumo Heavy fighting in the
eighth round, Green almost flooring
Zeigler twice. The fighting on boht sides
was spirited. Green was the aggressor
throughout the round. Zeigler claimed to
have been fouled, but it was not allowed,
and the round closed in Green's favor,
amid tremendous cheering and hissing.
The ninth round was uneventful. Both
mon showed weakness. There was a no
ticeable lack of force to their blows.
In the tenth and last round Green was
groggy and Zeigler landed at will, having
rr.uch the best of the round and being the
fvesher of the two men when time was
called.
The decision of the referee was at once
; announced, but it was not unanimously
j appproved by the spectators.
J. Reilly and J. Sullivan entertained the
1 audience with an excellent exhibition.
They entered the ring at 119 pounds. It
was one of the best contests of the even
ing. The decision was fairly won by Sulli
van.
Dal Hawkins of California and J. A.
McGinley of Australia fought from the
start. Hawkins had everything his own
way. The Californian was in every wav !
superior and led McGinley a pace he could
not follow.
In the fourth round Hawkins knocked
McGinley down three times in succession,
and punished the Australian so hard that
the crowd would have Deen glad to have
had the fight stopped. McGinley, how- |
ever, showed good grit. He was knocked
out in the sixth.
T. Van Buskirk and W. G. Walker,
heavy-weigh t«, amused the multitude by
the manner in which they slogged each
ofher. Van Buskirk won in the second
round.
There Is No Hope for the
American Schooner
Viking.
OVERDUE THIRTY DAYS.
Captain "Jim" Luttrell Was a
General Favorite in
This Port.
HIS CREW SAN FRANCISCANS.
A Weil-Known Business Man Was a
Passenger on the Vessel for
the Round Trip.
Another Ban Francisco vessel has to be
numbered among the missing. The
schooner Viking is now a month overdue
and the friends of Captain J. F. Luttrell
are more than anxious. "Jim," as he is
known among the merchants and ship
owners, is a cousin of the late Congress
man Luttrell, and is one of the best-known
South Sea island traders that makes San
Francisco his home port.
The Viking left here on November 15
last with the following crew: Captain, J.
F. Luttrell ; mate, Joseph Peterson ; sec
ond mate, Donald McNae; cook, William
Sieve rs; boy, Kartia; seamen, Peter An
derson, John Johnson and R. Carroll.
From San Francisco the schooner went
direct to Fanning Island, and there dis
charged a large consignment of goods for
King Greig. Some copra was taken aboard
and then a start was made for Samoa. On
January 4 last Captain Luttrell wrote from
Apia stating that the next day he would
sail for Taputeouea. From that day to
this nothing has been heard from either
schooner or crew.
From Tapnteouea the Viking was to
have gone to Tarawa and thence to Kusaie
in the Carolines. From the latter point
there is a bi-monthly mail service to
China, and the arrival of the lasc two
steamers has been anxiously looked for by
the agents ana owners of the vessel. No
news came, however, and now the only
hope is that the schooner has gone on a
coral reef and that the crew has been
saved.
The Viking had one passenger for the
round trip, J. E. Kittle, son of the late J.
G. Kittle of the old-time firm of Kittle &
Co. He was in ill health and took the
voyage in the hope that he would return
in good health. Captain Luttrell and he
were old-time friends and they figured on
a very pleasant voyage to the southern
seas and back again.
"Kusaie, in the Caroline group, was the
last point at which the Viking was to
touch," said J. F. Cunningham, agent of
the vessel, yesterday. "Giving her all due
allowances, she ought to have been here
early in April. I don't think she hai
reached tliere, however, or else we would
baye heard by the China steamer. If any
thing happened the vessel has gone on a
coral reef and the crew will turn up, prob
ably, on the next Australian steamer. We
don't care about the loss of the vessel and
cargo, but we do want to hear from Jim
Luttrell and his crew."
The Sharpshooter was to have taken the
place of the Viking- on the South Sea
Island run, but a new order of things will
now be inaugurated. A small schooner
will be chartered and her principal work
will be to search for the Viking and her
crew. The Sharpshooter will probably be
sent to Honolulu to load sugar, and in the
event of Captain Luttrell turning up she
will then be put in the island trade. la
the meantime, everybody on the water
front is doping that the Viking will arrive
safely in port.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 1.— George
Sherman, a bricklayer residing on Dela
ware street, near Sacramento, was arrested
to-day on a charge of battery, alleged to
have been committed on his wife, the war
rant being sworn to by Marshal Lloyd.
Sherman has been charged with the same
offense before, but Mrs. Sherman has
always refused to testify against him.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTR1D0E,
Editor and Proprietor. ...
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one we*k, by carrier. .fO.lB
Dally and Sunday Caul, one year, by mall. . . . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.80
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation? If
10, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Bo not let It mi*s yon for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.'
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
telephone '. Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
617 Clay Street,
telephone Jfatn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; •pan until
1:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock. '
713 Larkls street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
tntll 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
• 110 KlntU street; open until 9 o'clock. • '.<■'■■■'
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Keens SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
gATTJKPAT MAY 2, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Mr. Cullom didn't cull 'em— he was
euiled.
Order the Sunday Call to-day and make
■ure of good reading to-morrow.
It begins to look as if the favorite sons
would have to content themselves with
back seats.
What kind of politics is the Kelly-Ma
honey-Rainey pu*h and pull trying to give
us anyhow ?
Ola man Kruger may not know many
things, but the British have found that he
kno ws his business.
About all the House of Representatives
can do now is to sit round and wait for the
Senate to quit talking.
In trying to annex the Rand the Sonth
Africa Company seems to have got itself
annexed to a buzz-saw.
The Call supports no favorite for the
Presidency. It stands for Western inter
ests and the winner at St. Louis.
Every State that sends instructed dele
gates to St. Louis will increase the power
of those States whose delegates are unin-
Btructed.
From the coldness it produced in the
Chamber of Deputies it seems the new
French Cabinet is only a species of re
frigerator.
The ward boss woula take the grandest
principles of National politics and throw
them into the mud to pave his way to a
city office.
California Democrats are willing to favor
8 Western man for President, but there
seems to be no Western man who cares for
their favor.
Gorman has joined the list of those who
prophesy that the Chicago convention will
declare for the gold standard, and to that
extent Gorman is a cuckoo.
If Hnntingcon cannot carry a little job
like the Santa Monica scheme, what hope
is there for him to rush through snch a
lump of iniquity as the refunding bill?
The results of tbe Illinois Convention
show that tbe contests in the Republican
party, so far from producing bad blood,
Berve to warm it up and eenerate enthu
eiasrn.
Senator Peffer has decidedly more beard
than backbone, for he has allowed his
motion to investigate the bond deals to be
dropped into a cavity without even mak
ing a row about it.
The fellows who passed the "Wilson bill
Bre now pleading for economy. Having
failed to make a suit big enough for Uncle
Sam they now propose to cut him down to
K"« him fit the suit.
The path of Republican politics is too
straight for Martin Kelly and Jerry Ma
honey to follow it long. Their crooked
ness will separate them from the party
long before the election comes.
It appears tnere were forged signatures
to the Huntington Santa Monica petitions
as well as to those for the funding bill,
and it is becoming evident the monopoly
literary bureau is being overworked.
It is believed Cleveland will rouse him
■elf from his stupor long enough to veto
the appropriation bill when it passes, and
it seems, therefore, that even in his
desuetude he never becomes innocuous.
As the Kelly-Mahoney combination is
trying to attach itself to the McKinley
movement in National politics while join
ing the Sam Rainey pull in local affairs, it
is evident it will be split wide open as loon
as the strain comes.
Nominating a man for a third Presiden
tial term in this country is about the
greatest political absurdity possible, bat
all the same it grows more and more
probable that it is to be the very blunder
the Democratic party will commit next.
Cleveland is often denounced for the
number of his vetoes, but it is safe to say
his chief regret is that he did not add an
other to them by vetoing the Wilson bill
and saving his administration from the
dismal record of deficits and bond issues.
As Senator Allen declares that within a
year both the Republican and the Demo
cratic parties will be united under the
Populist standard it is evident that as a
prophet he could not pass a civil service
examination even for the Weather Bureau.
Had Olney dealt directly with Kruger
as soon as it was known that American
miners in the Transvaal were in trouble it
would have been a vigorous policy, but his
action came so late it hardly seems more
than repentance and an appeal for mercy.
The Examiner claims to be a better judge
than The Call of the Kepuolican Presi
dential contest, because, as It says: "The
man on the fence is able to appreciate the
good poincs of the bear better than the one
that is being hogged." In this case, how
ever, the fence happens to be of barbed
wire and the Examiner mistakes the points
it feels for those it thinks it sees.
The State ol California is about to enter
upon a political campaign which, while it
means much for the Nation at large,
should be of especial interest and advan
tage to the Pacific Coast. Every prophecy
of the election is in favor of a signal and
sweeping victory for the Republican parly.
It is to be a contest, not of men, noc of
personalities, but of principles. Neither
ia it to be a campaign of or for a
single principle. The condition of the
country demands that several co-ordinate
and consistent principles shall have the
pledge of party fealty, and the promise of
personal favor and support by that candi
date who shall be accorded the honor of
nomination for the Presidency at the
hands of the Ft. Louis convention. These
principles are expressed by the words
Protection, Reciprocity, Silver, Internal
Improvements, Irrigation, and American
Commercial Supremacy.
The State of California i°, in a peculiar
sense, interested in these principles, and
in their positive adoption and assertion by
the Kepublicau party and by its candidate
in the coming campaign. It demands the
protection of its industries, the establish
ment of reciprocal trade relations with
the South American States and with
the islands of the sea; the speedy
and ample improvement of its rivers
and harbors; the re-establishment of
silver in the system of American
finance; the adoption of a National plan
for the irrigation of the waste places of
itself and its contiguous commonwealths;
the encouragement of the ship-building
and ocean commerce interests of the Pa
cific Coast, and the completion ana con-'
trol of the Nicaragua canal. The State of
California has a right to require of the
candidate who is to be accorded its sup
port in the St. Louis convention that each
and all of these principles shall be given
his express and unqualified support.
The Call is in favor of no particular
candidate. The Call Is for the success
of the Republican party. The Call
is for protectipn, for reciprocity, for
silver, for the encouragement and up
building of local industries, for the in
crease and extension of American com
merce in American ships, for river and
harbor improvement, for irrigation, for
the completion and opening of the Nic
aragua canal. And last, but by no means
least. The Call is for the candidate who,
when the St. Louis convention meets, will
give to California and her delegation evi
dence of his devotion to these principles,
together with a positive assurance that, in
the event of his election, this State will
be accorded a place and a representation
in the Cabinet council of himself and of
the Nation.
It is becoming every day more evident
that the battle for bimetallism at the St.
Louis convention will not be won easily.
The advocates of the Cleveland doctrine
of a single gold standard and the complete
discrediting of silver will go to St. Louis
flushed with success in the East and de
mand the adoption of a resolution over
throwing all the precedents, declarations
and traditions of the Republican party
and committing the Presidential nominee
to a strict gold policy.
Against this onslaught of the gold forces
the bimetallists must be on their guard.
The fight for silver will be made under
Western leadership, and the California
delegation should be made up of men
capable of taking a prominent and vigor
ous part in it. We must guard this great
interest of tha West, which in a broad
sense is the interest of .the whole; Na
tion. We should send 10 St. Louis no
man who will riot fight to the last for a
silver platform and a silver candidate.
This contest will be the greatest at the
convention, for it involves the most far
reaching results, and it is in consideration
of the part California is to play in the con
test that our delegation should be selected.
The issue is too vast, too important, too
far-reacbing to be overlooked for any
other issue whatever. Protection is safe,
reciprocity i9 safe. Silver is in danger.
It is for silver we must fight. To that our
delegates must be pledged. No man
should be sent to St. Louis who is not the
advocate of silver. No man should be
supported there who is not the friend of
silver. Free coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1
should be demanded in the platform. The
time for compromise is past. The battle
is forced upon us.
Californiais for -free silver coinage.
The Call, speaking for the toiling
masses of the State, demands the free
coinage of silver.
The death of A. K. P. Harmon was a
misfortune to California. The story of bis
career &s it has been told in the news col
umns of The Call contains an uncommonly
wide range of dramatic incidents and im
portant interests even for a pioneer Cali
fornian. The hardships of his boyhood
days, his meager education, his plunge
into a great Eastern city to fight bia way
with men far better equipped in some re
gards, his struggle to reach California as
soon as the newa of the discovery of gold
reached his ears, his immediate departure
from San Francisco for the gold fields of
Coloma, his cleaning up of an ounce of
gold on the first day, his swift movements
and rapid accumulations, his return to the
East for a cargo of merchandise which he
sold here at enormous profits, bis rise to
the position of one of the men who brought
law aniJ order out of the chaos of early days,
his identification with leading banks and
mines, hi* rich endowments for educa
tional and charitable purposes, his wide
popularity and the cleanliness of his pri
vate life constitute a record which few men
are able to hand to their posterity.
He is an extraordinary man who can
pursue wealth and acquire a vast fortune
without suffering so grievous a crippling
of character as to unlit him for making
those wise beneficent uses of wealth which
make it most valuable to humanity. Mr.
Harmon was one of those exceptional
characters. He represented that happy
balance between severity in business ex
actions and generosity for human needs
and shortcomings that distinguishes the
highest type of the citizen.
The exposure of. the shameless forgeries
committed by the agents of the Southern
Pacific Company in the matter of the peti
tions for the improvement of Santa Mon
ica harbor has created one of the greatest
sensations that California has ever ex
perienced. The practical unanimity of
the preference for the improvement of San
Pedro seemed to force a resort to methods
which honest men cannot countenance.
Affidavits have been made to the effect
that an agent of the Southern Pacific, em-
ployed to secure petitions for the Santa
Monica appropriation, induced irrespon
sible persons to sign large numbers of fic
titious names. These petitions were sent
to Washington as expressions of the citi
zens of Los Angeles.
The worst feature of the scandal is that
there is no apparent way of punishing the
crime in the courts, and yet the acts were
intended to influence the use of millions
of dollars and to affect the interests of
thousands of people. Had it not been for
the fact that there were Californians in
Washington conversant with the methods
of the Southern Pacific, and that they
diligently watched every step taken in the
struggle, the crime might never have been
discovered. These fraudulent petitions
might have done their work and no one
been aware that they were bold forgeries.
It wouid be useless to argue that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company was
or was not cognizant of the fraud thus per
petrated. The fact appears to be that a re
sponsible agent of the company having
charge of its affairs at Los Angeles em
ployed a man to secure signatures to the
petitions. Whether the agent took the
trouble to ascertain the genuineness of the
signatures is a matter upon which it
would be idle to speculate. The scandal
reacts directly upon the company, as it
cannot be excused for employing un
scrupulous persons to forward its interests.
How Congress, in view of this discovery
and of the notorious fact that an appro
priation for Santa Monica would be
strengthening the monopoly of the South
ern Pacific and that the Government en
gineers have on several occasions reported
against the improvement and in favor of
San Pedro harbor, can now insist upon the
Santa Monica appropriation, is something
that an ordinary citizen cannot understand.
Tho situation is rendered all the more se
rious by the rumor that by reason of the
Santa Monica appropriation President
Cleveland proposes to veto the entire ap
propriation for the improvement of our
rivers and harbors.
The attempt of the Kelly-Rainey com
bine to assume something of dignity by
posing as a "AlcKinley delegation" and
pretending to be interested in National
politics is absurd. There is not one in the
gang with a political idea beyond tnat of
stuffing ballot boxes or a political aspira
tion higher than that of getting a soft
snap under the City government.
Distrii t politics is the full extent of their
thoughts and their ambitions. The claim
that they stand for any gr*at statesman is
as absurd as the claim that they stand for
Republican principles. Imagine Martin
Kelly discussing National politics before
an intelligent audience. Imagine him ap
pearing before a newly elected President
of the United States and asking to be
recognized as the leader of the Republican
party in California. An attempt at such
imaginings will show the absurdity of the
whole fraudulent farce.
The rascality of these boBses has just
enough stupidity mixed with its cunning
to think that it deceives somebody as soon
as it begins lying. They will pose at Sac
ramento as the bosses of a Fourth District
delegation not from impudence merely.
They are persuaded that they can win
something, not in National politics, for
they do not care for that, but something
in the City with boodle in it. Thia In
plain words is the whole game so far as the
Republican party is concerned. They have
however, another game to play wheu they
lose this. They will join the Democrats
and do business at the old stand.
The eagerness with which Americans
read everything concerning Abraham Lin
coln will give a special interest to an
article which will appear in to-morrow's
issue. It is an interview with an eminent
San Franciscan who knew the great Re
publican and who tells some instructive
things concerning him, Colonel Baker
and matters of historical interest.
The Mineral King mining district in
Tulare County was famous in the early
days and it had an equally famous sa
loon. It bad a bloody history, and that
will be told in to-morrow's Call.
Lovers of horseflesh will find solid in
struction in a contribution by "Miss Rus
sell" concerning some of the ailments to
which these noble creatures are subject and
the best way for treating them.
The first of an instructing and interest
ing series of articles on athletics will be
another good thing to read. These con
tributions will be found full of valuable
hints and a wholesome inspiration to im
prove the physical being by rational
means.
The question as to whether the lower
animals have souls and as to whether
their souls, if they have any, are immor
tal, is one deserving of the serious atten
tion of every intelligent person. It will
be discussed in to-morrow's Call by a
number of able local scholars and thinkers.
There will doubtless be great surprise to
discover the serious rejrard in which these
thoughtful contributors hold the subject
and the prevalence of the belief among
the most enlightened persons that the
poor dumb creatures which serve us are
perhaps as sacred in the Divine scheme
as we.
A graphic and brilliant pen-portrait of
George Francis Train will be given by an
able local writer, who perhaps knows the
eccentric and picturesque philosopher
more thoroughly than any one else com
petent to present a luminous analysis of
his character.
"When Love Is Omnipotent," is the
title of a strange story of love, music, mys
tery and tragedy which will appear from
the pen of W. C. Morrow.
The naval training station on Goat
Island will be thoroughly discussed by a
competent writer. The value of this ac
quisition by California gives a strong in
terest to the subject.
In "Pictures That Never Grow Old" we
shall find a discussion of a pleasant theme.
These will serve as samples of what Ths
Sunday Call will give its readers in the
way of new and original matter prepared
especially for it. Of course, the Sunday
departments, such as those concerning
music, the drama, the children, literature,
the arts and sciences, society, fashions and
all the rest, will be crowded full of the best
things procurable. Thb Sunday Call is
the very paper that Californians want for
sending to their Eastern friends.
The movement which is steadily growing
in this State for the careful inspection of
milk and the slaughter of consumptive
cows should receive the most active assist
ance of all citizens. It would be a strange
anomaly if the people of California should
encourage consumption in view of the fact
that the climate of their State offers the
best preventive and cure of the disease in
the world. When it is reflected that in
Japan, where cows are not kept, there is
no consumption, and that cows are largely
responsible for the disease in countries
where they arc used, there is ans. intelli
gent reason for giving the subject careful
attention.
Dr. Bollinger, an eminent German phy
sician, has recently published the startling
results of his investigations on the line
here suggested. His tables cover a long
series of years and embrace a number of
German cities, rie notes a distinct diminu
tion of the deatli rate in Vienna, Berlin
and Hamburg, the rate being one- fourth
of that which prevailed before attention
had been drawn to the milk supply. In a
single year 21,000 cattle found to be
afflicted with tuberculosis were slaughtered
in the Berlin slaughter-houses, and in
Saxony one ox in 6even and one cow in
four were found to be similarly dis
eased. This indicates the necessity for
strict attention to the quality of beef as
well as that of milk, for although the cook
ing of beef destroys the germs a great deal
of beef is consumed that is not well
cooked. It has further been ascertained
that the prevalence of the disease among
cattle not well fed or exposed to disagreea
ble weather or herded in wet or filthy pens
is far greater than when they are abund
antly fed and comfortably housed.
Professor Delephine, another careful stu
dent of the subject, says that at least 16 per
cent of cattle are afflicted with tuberculosis.
It was greatly to the credit of the Health
Board of Ban Francisco that it discovered
and ordered the destruction of a large
number of cattle afflicted with consump
tion at the Almshouse, but the matter
should have received attention long ago.
The energetic crusade whicn was recently
begun against adulterated milk has been
expanded to include an inspection for con
sumption, which represents a far greater
evil than milk adulterants. This move
ment has spread to San Jose, which is
always alert to its duties. Consumptive
milk cows are being thoroughly extermi
nated there. Every community in the State
should take the cue and besrin a warfare
against this most insidious and implaca
ble of enemies.
Dr. "Thomas Flint of San Juan Is in the city.
William Forsyth of Fresno is at the Occiden
tal.
Thomas Fraser of London reached here yes
terday.
B. H. Upham, a business man of Martinez, is
in town.
William B. Maddox of Cheshire, Eng., is at
the Baldwin.
W. F. Freeland of the United States army Is
at the Occidental.
J.Walter Smith, a wealthy mining man of
Colorado, is at the Palace.
S. Asukawa of Japan came in on last nielit's
train and is at the Palace.
Morris 8ellar of London was among the arri
vals via the Orient yesterday.
W. H. Harron, proprietor of the Geysers, the
we 11-known resort, is at the Grand.
W. L. Coulter, a wealthy manufacturer of St.
Louis, Mo., arrived here yesterday.
Henry L. Ford of the United States Survey, is
among recent arrivals at the Occidental.
K. L. Fulton, the agent of the Central Pacific
at Reno, Nev., is among recent arrivals here.
X. W. Heath, an attorney of Chico, who is
connected with the Bank of Chico, is at the
Grand.
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, ex-United States
Minister to Japan, arrived here last night ana
is at the Grand.
Dwight HolHster, the big rancher and old
time Californian of Courtland, is spending a
few days in the City.
Among the arrivals at the Baldwin yesterday
waa Oscar Kobbins of Phoenix, Ariz., who Is
here on a business trip.
William H. Bliss of New York, accompanied
by Mrs. Bliss, Miss Baines and Miis Mildred of
New York, are at the Palace.
J. J. O'Brien and wife left last night on a
short trip to Los Angeles, where Mr. O'Brien's
iirin has a large branch dry-goods house.
Paymaster E. H. Mohun of the United States
gunboat Petrel is at the Occidental. He had
the smallpox after the ship left Shanghai, but
has comDletely recovered.
General Walter Turnbull, president of the
Gold Mining Exchange, and one of the ex
change's mining engineers, will leave on Sun
day morning for San Andreas.
A prominent party, consisting of Mrs. Horace
Farnham and Mru. George H. Farnham of New
YorK, and the Misses E. E. and Louise Farn
hamof Boston, are at the Palace.
Navigating Officer T. D. Griffin of the Petrel
is at the Palace. Lieutenant-Commander W.
H. Emory, late of the Thetis, will remain with
the Petrel and take her on Monday to Mare
Island. '
I wonder whore the voices axe of those we've lost
and lovi-ci —
Forever bushed and passed away, nor leaving
sound or trace?
I wonder where tbe glances are of those who
'monestus moved—
Forever dimmed as dreams we've dreamed or
dew sunbeams efface?
!
I know not, vet I fain would think the tones that
we have known
Still linger In the world and make earth's chan
sons still more sweet;
And somewhere glances from the eyes of tender
ones now flown
Aro mingling with the beauties here our earthly
. gazes greet. Will T. Hals.
San Francisco Mission Mail.
In the selection of delegates-at-l&rge to St.
Louis by the Republican Convention at Sacrar
mento there is no one in San Francisco so de
serving of the honor as John D. Spreckels, the
present Republican leader. As an honorable
citizen he has no peer, always looking toward
the elevation ol mankind. As a politician he
is not forgetful of his true station in life as a
business man, owing his advancement to those
who have reposed so. much confidence in his
success. As San Francisco will have only one
delegate-at-large, it would be very appropriate
to show to the State that his own City is with
him every time.
Petaluma Argus.
The San Francisco Call asks: "Shall Cali
fornia send to the St. Louis convention a
pledged or an unpledged delegation?" Yes
and No. The delegation should be pledged to
carry out the wishes of eight-tenths of the
people of this State and vote for no candidate
who favors the single gold standard. Our
delegation Bhould certainly not be Instructed
to support any one of the prominent candi
dates. Two are against free coinage of silver
and the others are either on the fence, on both
sides or for silver with a string to it.
I>ake County Bee.
The Republicans of California will make a
bad mistake if they send a pledged delegation
to the National Convention. They might just
as woU stay at homo and send their proxies
as to go and speak the words that are put into
their mouths. Let them make "silver" their
battle cry and go prepared to flgnt. Then, if
there be a close contest, they have a chance to
do something; otherwise, California will take
a back seat as usual.
Kingman (Ariz.) Miner.
The Call advocates the sending of an un
pledged delegation to the 8t. Loui» convention.
This is a good idea. The usefulness ol a dele
gation is always hampered by pledges.
"And yon actually aver that you learned to
ride a wheel without once swearing?"
"Yes. I felt too near an awful (loath to dare
to profane."— Indianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Hatterson— How did you teach your boy
not to go in swimming? • y
Mrs. Catterson— Easy enough. Every time I
caugnt him at it I gave him a bath.—Ex
change.
Brown— You shouldn't let little things worry
you.
Jones— You would if the little things were
J. E. Bell, one of the lumber kings of Pnget
Sound, who owns a large mill at Everett, at the
mouth of the Snohomish River, is at the
Grand.
Mr. Bell's mill is In the lumber combine
known by the general name of the Central
Lumber Company.
He says all the big mills of the coast are now
standing together for a small raise In price.
The raise is $1 a thousand.
"There are a few small mills outside," said
Mr. Bell, "but they do not cut any figure. I
hope San Francisco will stand with the lum
bermen and thus aid tne industry, which, has
had uphill work for the last three or four
years. It will put the business on a much
better basis and won't hurt anybody.
"I am at Everett, where thera are G000 peo
ple and three railroads. There are the Canadian
Pacific, Northern Pacific and Great Northern
and terminal rates are given by all.
"The demand for lumber has Increeased
some lately. You would be surprised to know
probably that Dnluth is sending out there for
lumber. That city is building a great many
docks and Is making other iraurovemcnts, and
demands heavy stuff. The sound region is
sending from 6,000,000 to 7.000.000 feet a
year to Duluth, and the demand is increasing.
"It Is odd to thus send our building material
right through their premises, but the fact is
we can send them better stuff than they have
got.
"The harbor at Everett, which is the western
terminus of the Great Northern Railroad, is
being improved. It is the kind of a harbor
that only needs a little improvement. We
spent $10,000 on it last year and the Govern
ment has appropriated $20,000 lor it this year.
"What we pride ourselves on is the manu
facturing. We have a very large smelter, a
paper-mill for making paper out of fir wood and
with a capacity of twenty tons a day, a nail
works with a capacity of 1000 kegs daily,
besides other factories great ai>d small. The
nails are going to Japan in large quantities."
Loose, gracefully flowing gowns of lawn,
dimity, gingham or any of the numerous wash
able fabrics are indispensable to the woman
who desires comfort at home in the summer.
The one shown here is made- on exceedingly
simple lines, having a bias back seam to sup
ply the necessary fullness in the skirt. Neither
Bhirrlngs nor pleatings are needed. It has no
seams but shoulder and uader-arm, besides the
bias one in the back, so it appeals to the wo
man who wishes lomske it herself. Thesieeves
are of the popular and delightful bishop-shape,
unlined. They are supplied with drawstring
at the wrist, which, being withdrawn, facili
tates laundering, the large collar may be
made separate. The neck being finished with
a band, over which ribbon-collars are worn.
A pink and white striped lawn had the col
lar bound with pink washable ribbon an inch
wide. A collar of the same ribbon, three
iuches wide, finished the neck. Ruffles on the
sleeves were also bound with ribbon.
A white lawn wrapper with cherry- colored
ribbons was a dainty-looking garment. The
collar and sleeves were trimmed with ruffles of
lawn, edged with narrow Valenciennes lace, a
half inch insertion being set in half an inch
from the lace.
A blue and white gingham had a collar of
blue lawn edged with white Valenciennes lace.
The collar was sewn to the neck of wrapper
with no Dand or folded collar to add warmth.
China or Japanese Bilks are delightful for
these gowns, for they launder beautifully,
both white and colors. A frill of white or
creamy lace makes a charming decoration.
Mme. Carnot %t the Pantheon frequently
spends long hours in prayer before the tomb of
her late husband.
Ex-Governor George W. Peck of Wisconsin
will appear on the rostrum next season as a
professional lecturer.
John Hay, though he has long spoken and
written French, German and Spanish fluently,
disclaims modestly that he has any aptitude
lor languages. He ascribes his lingnal attain-
ments wholly to hard study and close atten
tion while filling diplomatic places abroad.
The late Rabbi Aaron Wise of New York il
lustrated the law o! heredity Ho was fhe
sixth Wise in direct descent to hold the rab
binical office.
As Queen Victoria was in France the other
day when the French census returns were
taken her name will be included among the
residents of France.
"Brethren," said Bishop Boyd Carpenter of
Ripon, England, the other day in the course of
a sermon. "I beg of you take hold of your own
heart and look It straight in the face." The
Bishop is an Irishman.
If Turkey should go to war the man who
would direct her forces would be Gazi Osman
Pasha, the famous defender of Plevna, now 58
years old. Ho has fought in any number of
engagements, and is covered with glory and
medals.
The oldest physician in France. Dr. de Bossy
of Havre, celebrated the other day the one
hundred and fifth anniversary of his birth.
Recently he had been confined to his room
for the first time in twenty-eight years..
Victor Napoleon Bonaparte is described in a
journal of Brussels, Le Petit Bleu, as a
"Bruxellois" who may, if he wish, become a
Burgomaster. The writer says that the Prince
is well fed, in the Belgian fashion, "with beer
and dreamless contentment," that ha is a
member of the fashionable clubs, and that he is
a polite pretender to the throne of Franco, who
goea on horseback "for hygienic reasons only."
Opeba op "Falstaet"— D., City. The opera
of "Fals taff" was wnttenoy Balfe in 1838.
Against Foreign Nations— N. K., City. It is
the boast of the United States that she could
defend herself against any European nation.
Xylotechogkaphica— Inquirer, City. In 1875
a man named A. F. Brophy invented and
patented a process for staining wood of various
colors, and he called that process xvloteeho
graphica.
An Alien's Vote— C. L., Lompoc, Cnl. In the
State of California an alien who has declared
his intention to become a citizen of the United
State* cannot vote until he has obtained his
second papers.
STimn-ANTS-M. W., City. Tni3 department
knows no law that regulates the amount of
stimulants that a woman may take in a day
A number make a law unto themselves and
take Ktimnlants according to capacitv.
Necessity— A. S., City. The quotation is not
"Necessity knows no law," it is "Necessity has
no law," and is credited to Benjamin Frank
lin in Poor Richard's Almanack for 1734. The
phrase appears in maxims in the almanack.
* California Vultubes— a. S., Santa Maria,
Santa Barbara County, Cal. There is no law to
prevent any one in the State of California hav
ing in possession eggs of the California vul
ture. Such eggs have no commercial value.
The Presidency— P. F.. City. The candi
dates for the Presidency of the United States
nominated in 1891 were Benjamin Harrison
Republican; Grover Cleveland, Democrat-
John Bidwell, Prohibition, and James B '
Weaver, People's party.
Colonial National.Society— a. E., City. Ad
ditional information about the National Colon
ization Society, about which an editorial an
peared in The Call on the 14th of April can
be had by referring to the flies of this paper
March 11. under the heading of "Will Found
a Colony." •
Canaries— Reader, City. The Campanini ca
naries are considered the best singers arid are
raised in Germany. Experts say that they are
the finest song canaries known, having lone,
silvery trills, high and low bells, every tone
wi e fl W ut a e ?i d k e t w e h^l { i ng 0 ng D ° ™™*™*
The Cuban, Resolutions— J. B. M., City. It
is asserted that the resolution of the Senate
and House on the subject of recognizing the
belligerency of the revolutionists of Cubf does
?i?«t^8?l . *? 'filature of the President, and
pJSrf% f * e80l * uti^ n is merely advisory to the
President as to the course he ought to pursue!
. California Savings Bank— a. 8., City There
is no telling at this time when the California
Savings and Loan Society, in. liquidation, will
EXii? ot * er dividend. Moneys have been col-
I.1S S?th n . d t me ro § ert «old, and the officers
claim that they are doing all they can to wind
up the affairs for the best interests of t »
creditors with all possible haste ° f the
To YosEMiTE Vallev-a. 3., Citv. There are
four roads leading to the Yosemite Valley-via
Big Oak Flat from Stockton, via Con Srvil e
from Stockton, via Maripos* from Merced and
yia Raymond from the terminus of the railroad
concerned, because they did not like her 7/r
f ormance ana did not patronize her show 5he
San Francisco theater goers thougnt she » ,2
jay actress, and she retaliated blsavinVth^
tnu was a jay town for actresses and actlrs.
To Destroy Anto-L. M. h., City Ants are
very fond of pure lard. if'.uS* if S pread
on a plate the ants will find their way to
it and in their greed will advance into
the mass and be caught there. All that
is necessary then is to place plates so prepared
where the Bests abound and then when a
number have been canght to clean off the
plates and set them afresh. This method id
said to be the best to rid a house of ants.
CONSOLATION OF WEALTH— G. R. S., City. Tha
question as to where the consolation of wealth
comes in, is one of those that does not admit of
general answer, for each individual who has
wealth finds enjoyment in it as his tastes
direct. It is doubtful if those who are possessed
of great wealth give thought to indirect sources
from which it comes.
Rabbit's Foot— A. O. D., City. The legends
of the rabbit among certain classes about his
clever devices in outwitting his natural ene
mies—the dog, fox and wolf— and thwarting
every scheme designed for his own punish
ment are almost without number. From the
legends of the preternatural sagacity of the liv
ing rabbit tbe idea has grown that the dead
rabbit had certain magic powers. There is a
belief that to carry a rabbit's foot in the pocket
is not only a talisman for good luck, but a
specific for disease. The left hind foot Is be
lieved to have ihe most efficacy. If taken
from a rabbit that runs in a graveyard ita
supernatural properties are believed to be
qutte irresistible.
Wedding Etiquette— G., City. Invitations to
a wedding are all sent from the bride's family,
no matter whether they are acquainted with the
friends of the groom or not, and the reception
of such cards are not to cause surprise, if the
groom is Known to the recipient. If the re
cipient lives in the locality where the wedding
is to take place no answer is necessary, but if
at a distance, the recipient incloses card
and sends by mail to the family,
addressing the envelope to the mother,
if the bride has one. Those who can
not attend the wedding either send or
leave their cards for the hostess within a few
days thereafter. An invitation to a wedding
should always be accepted if possible. It is
not obligatory to send a wedding present, but
a person receiving an invitation should send
something, if only a bunch of flowers. If the
bride on her return from her wedding tour
has a reception day, all who were invited to
the wedding must call, and it is also impera
tive to do so upon the mother who extended
the invitation. A declination of invitation
need not be followed by a call, but one may be
made,- one of congratulation on the bride's
first day home, after the formal reception.
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's •
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's. •
8oft Baby Cream, 15o lb..Townsend's. *
. • ♦ »
After a woman has her picture taken with
her first baby, she doesn't sit before a camera
again until she figures in a family group as a
grandmother.— Atchison Globe. .
• — ♦ — •
Towxsend's CaL glace fruits, "our make"
50c lb. in Japanese baskets. (527 Market St. *
— ■» — ♦— •
Buy your hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
etc., at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st. •
• ■» •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
■ ' • — * — ♦
A wife has no business sewing for the heathen
when her husband wears a heavy long-tailed
coat in summer to avoid embarrassment.—
Galveston News.
« ♦ — »
To make more room for our wholesale notion
department we are selling off several hundred
ready framed pictures at exactly half-price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
— .* * *
Flower fete surpassed by the wild flower
carnival along the route of the N. P. C. R. R.
•via Sausalito ferry, which families and private
parties can enjoy without annoyance of Sun
day picnics and boisterous crowds. •>••;
• • — • :
The Wheelbarrow Man.
"Man Friday," the wheelbarrow man, will
arrive from Chicago to-day at 12 o'clock, and
will be met at the Market-street ferries by the
San Francisco Pedestrian League, who will
escort him with fife and drum to the site of
the old City Hall, where he will hold a public
reception. : v.» • •
"Whenever I look at you I think of Daniel
Webster," said Chauncey to his friend Cholly.
"How do I remind you of him?" responded
Cholly.
"Why, you are so different.— Philadelphia
Call.
IMPORTAXT CHANOK O» TlMK.— The 12th fnst.
the Northern Pacific Railroad Inaugurated a doubla
daily passenger service between Portland and .St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours is the only line that runs dining-cars out
of Portland. T. K. STATKLER, general agent,
638 Market street San Francisco.
A. Slight Cold, if Neglected, Oftex At
tacks the I/i:!srcs. " Broim's Bronchial Troche*'
give immediate and effectual relief.
Dr. Siegebt's Angostura Bitters, the most effi
cacious stimulant to excite the appetite, keeps the
digestive organs in order.
— — — — — — — — _ _ _. . s* ■ " ,'
She— Will you please hold my glove T
He— What! Before you have put it on?— •
Judge. rKATPBDAY MAY 2. 1896
A charter mass-meeting will be held in the
Mission to-night.
Mayday wti duly celebrated by over 30,000
visitors to the. Sutro baths yesterday.
• ..'- Lack of funds has necessitated the discharge
: ■ of eighty laborers in Golden Gate Park.
Unsettled weather this morning and a fair
day nre predicted by the Weather Bureau.
'. . G; L. Spear of the well-known auction .firm of
; -that name will be buried to-morrow afternoon.
v 7 Tie Newsboys' Home has developed into a
.-permanent institution for the care of homeless
Doyp. . • ■ • ■ .
Prizes were awarded yesterday for the best
exhibits at the rose- show at the Palace
■'■; Hotel. •■ ._■•■_■ . '
- An international complication has devel
oped in the. French Benevolent Society's
--. affairs. ,•'..'■'■ .■ :
Coleridge Russell is suing the McDonough
estate for a legacy, which, he says, was prom
;•■ lsed him...
.the Socialist Labor party had a big meeting
V at Metropolitan. Temple last evening, celebrat
ing Mayday; •••• ■ '
.';..'• The Supreme Court-has decided that Dupont
'•: - Etreet'a'ssesemest tazes.paid under protest can
' :•" not be recovered. . . .
' Yesterday's free ; exhibition at the Mark
Hopkins Institute Of : Art was attended by at
■■ lenst' 5000 persons.' . ■' .
' • An interesting method of securing hidden
...'• flpures ni fJi?r;^rod in the More case before
. . : Judge Coffey yeSterdsy ; . .
• The children of Pacific Heights School have
:.'/ raised over $900 with which to endow a bed in
.' ■ thVrhildren's Hospital.
ronsul Booth-fucker of the Salvation Arm?
Is rapidly getting vrell.- She will be able to
• . ■•.meet her engagements on this coast.
' ■ The Grand Jury yesterday indicted twelve
• 'men for the murder. of Charles Mahrs during
. ;• the' recent strike 61 lathers and others.
■ . The winning horses at Ingieside yesterday
'• • -were:, fan- Mateo, G. B. Morris, Jo'an, imp.
' • . Santa. Bella, Tiberius and Yankee Doodle.
For the present. Judge siack has ordered that
' •• the .Marceau baby remain in the care o: Mrs.
• ■;•.• Martha'.Green, a friend of the Marcean family.
A new fraternal order, krown as the Sons
■and' Daughters of the Society of Old Friends,
.was orea:iixed in the Commercial Hotel last
ev t niug. . ' ■
• Thechildrea ol Benjamin Curtaz are suing
to -com pel -the firm of Benjamin Curtaz &-Co.
to account to them for their father's share of
the* business. . . . .
"Red" Jim Phillips, e trainer at the Bay
District . tract was- arresfed yesterday on a
ivfiiTP.Tit charging: Mm with "doping" the race
• mare Gracje S. .
The records made at the coast championship
games at Central Park this afternoon may be
• questioned on account of a sloping field tiding
'. the performances.
Representatives of the Building Trades Coun
cil appointed committees yesterday to canvass
'.the. City to-day and strike all '-unfair jobs"
• 'Monday morning.
The Federated Trades Council of Sacramento
vrfott to Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald yes
terday, asking if a State Labor Bureau could
. . be placed in that city.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
. •■: tion forwarded a .request to the Prison Direc
tors yesterday to patronize the California to
:■ bacco trade in supplying tho prisons.
■ • Horace Dunn, expert of the Grand Jury, has
••• completed a thorough examination of Police
. Court records of fines 'and forfeitures, and sub
mitted the document to the Grand Jury.
".." • Miss Eleanor Calhonn, the California actress,
.' who is one of the claimants of the multi-mil
■ . lion-dollar estate of Andrew J. Davis, gays the
•'"•; claim will Be prosecuted; without compromise.
,'•■"■• The opposition to Brown are now after his
• .• ab.e. lieu tenant, 'Deacon I. H. Morse. They
-.. .contend that the First Church will never be
;••; reunited as long as Morse remains in the lead.
; 'I."- The 'schooner Viking is now a month over
••'/. diie,- and' her owners have about given her up
. .; as. lost. The son of the late J. G. Kittle was a
• . pasj.enger.and all her.crew were Ban Francis
•";..'.cans. •; '••'■_.
'•' ' • Henry' Ryan, solicitor for Brown, Craig ct
•; Co., sad treasurer.of Acme Court, Foresters of
'..-. America, .has disappeared. Ryan in -a de
'."■ faulter'-to an amount varying from $1200 to
. .'••••. " -• :■ ,£vj-- ■
'. '■'. "A somewhat sensational controversy Is in
1 ■ -progress in court and out between the firm of
-. .G. L«lpnitz & Co. and a rival drugstore wnlch
, •■ has assumed the title of "the old snake arug
. 'store.". • . • -
.. The. argument on the demurrer to' Van R.
;• . .Pateraon's ppposition to the Fair will was held
".; .over for.another week yesterday by consent, as
• -.. Mr,. Paterson was so engaged as to be unable to
■■. .be present. . .
••". •' The chairman of the Assembly District dele
• gations of the Kelly-Rainey Republicans met
•. In the Flood building last night for thepur
■. pose of malting arrangements for the State
f convention. . .'■'■■'.'. .
■ The little gunboat Petrel arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday in the smart time of nine davs.
Paymaster Mohun was taken with the small
pox and the warship was quarantined nine
days at Nagasaki.
'• ° The fire insurance managers in this City met
. yesterday to set a standard rate of insurance
• .• on growing-grain" risks, but failed to agree
:. • There will be a war in this class of insurance
/ business this season. • ;
Frank' Schilling's motion to transfer the
Matthews case from Judge Coffey's court has
• .".been denied, and his affidavit on the motion
".has been stricken from the court records as
"•.'.being contemptuous. . ='
John Lewis, alias Louis Pritchard, charged
with attempting to strangle Isabelle Morris to
-. death Thursday night, was held for vagrancy
• by Judge Campbell yesterday morning. It is
.understood the detectives wan^t to secure ad
•■.■ 'ditional evidence against him. 0
: The local passenger ticket ■agents of the
Southern Pacific and Northern Pacific rail
road« were convicted of rate-cutting by -the
Par. Francisco and Oakland Passenger Agents'
Association yesterday. Complications may
arise from the present situation that may cause
a general disturbance of transcontinental pas
senger rates. . - f ,
" According to results shown by the adop
tion oi the new transfer system at Powell and
Market streets yesterday its operation was far
Irom. successful.. The newsboys' traffic in
■ i 'fro i was more profitable; it failed to check
l» » IJL i c J n i the least; the company was put
In J? km* defti ° f extra «pe:iso and the travel
ing public to much delay and inconvenience.
The will of Emma Buckley was filed for pro
a^ St " da>% She left ' an estate valued at
$50,000 to relatives and to charily. The char
nfvte e f StS «♦**% **<*** Heart ■ Convent of
Oaldr.na for St. Joseph's altar *500- to tho
jTiDCwca Relief So.-nSy of KitMSOOO; l to
the St. Vincent de Paul Society of Bl »
Cathedral, *30O0; to Re7 \lo\°iu. v%si
i?HCK)O forth,- poor and *100O fw Stwov to
her husband, $1000 for charity. masse 3. *o
Some gleaners of human family statis
tics say that a man or woman of correct
proportions is six times as high as the
nj?i»t foot is lone. - .■-■-•
The Grand Jury Indict
Twelve Men for Kill
ing Mahrs
IN THE LATHERS' STRIKE
Tangled Manner of Accounting
for Police Court
Fines.
REPORT OF EXPERT DUNN.
Uniform System of Listing Fines,
Forfeitures and Bail Money May
Be Introduced.
The investigation of the killing of Chaa
Mahrsdnring the recent strike of lathers
etc., was resumed by the Grand Jury yester
day. The jury last week received informa
tion that the persons composing tne
crowd thai assaulted the old man and
kicked him to death, organized for the
purpose of assaulting the men who would
not quit work. It was prearranged to first
assault the men on Post street and then
proceed to Fourth street. The manner in
which Maars was kicked and beaten by
the gang was described by the sons of the
victim. .
The members of the Grand Jury filed
into Judge Slack's courtroom shortly be
fore 5 o'clock and presented twelve indict
ments for murder in this case. The court
ordered the indictments placed on the se
cret tile, and bench warrants to issue for
the arrest of the persons indicted.
The men indicted are those who were ar
rested at the time the assault was com
mitted, and subsequently discharged in
the Police Court. Dunn, one of the ganp,
was held fer manslaughter, but the others
were not field.
It is reported that two or three other
than those who were arrested at the time
were indicted yesterday.
The indictments were placed on the se
cret file so that the persons accused would
not be apprised of the action of the Grand
Jury before the police could arrest them.
Each indictment of the twelve is for mur
der.
The Grand Jury's idea is that the trial
jury shall determine whether the crime
committed was murder or less than mur
der.
The Grand Jury continues to hold weekly
sessions and occasionally varies the routine
by meeting In special council. At present
no hint is given of early adjournment, but
.on the contrary the suggestions are thrown
out that the work in contemplation can
not be completed before Julyl. •
Yesterday Horace Dunn.'the expert of
the jury, submitted an elaborate report.
For the past three weeks the expert has
been diligently engaged in examination of
Police Court Dooks, minutes and receipts.
Information was imparted to certain
members of the jury that crooked trans
actions in the matter of fines were quite
common at the City Hall. Talk of this
| • kind induced the jury a month ago to
! order a thorough examination of the sub
i ject. It was reported that the crooked
ness consisted of entering on the record a
smaller fine than was actually imposed,
and holding out the difference in the
amount collected and the amount entered
for collection. To what extent this prac
tice was observed the jury was not ad
j vised. It has not transpired, either,
whether the expert found proof of crook
edness or only examples of irregularity
and carelessness. It is certain that the
Grand Jury has the record of all the fines
imposed within a certain period of time,
and has also a record of all the money
paid into the treasury by the Police Court
clerks during this same period. The ag
gregate of cash turned in does not come
up to the ag resrate of fines imposed.
1 he expert it is said has had a difficult
task indeed, To keep track of fines re
mitted, fines imposed and marked "no al
ternative, ' which really means no cash
in the possession of the person fined, con
stituted no easy task. Again where bail
money is deposited in the treasury and
j drawn out again on the settlement of the
case some confusion prevails. It is quite
%1 ? n A the l . nt «"'?ence of a Police Court
c erk to deposit * 5Q in the treasury as bail
fin* S « n , ft , hen the case comes up and a
fane of $10, for example, is imposed to give
also Sr r tKin e re mai ningfl0and account
Louis Jacobs, the chief deputy in the
?haf S tV 1^nn OmCeiincJine8 *° tL belief
lawrifnS Iec ' lo " 8 ' are aCCOunted for. The
law.require 3 bail money to be deposited
every aav, but it is a question whether the
Y?t u5?r»P Ia4e9 a d V deport or "lies.
blv follow^ 3 " eral| y. but not invaria
clerks eit S V here the Police Co^
failure 8 !? £2 r * cc< ? unts confused is in a
therefore of^h and P aid » and *«•
Jurv has not h ° Plmon that tbe GrR nd
neaf. discovered much crooked
theCiS I miJril2 1 ! 1 " 117 *» able to render
J.it»J .nd the iS wu'r^" tSJ SP
of last'week th« lmhctme "t Frrdav
McRae. Holmes and Walts Charged
With Murder.
O J Wai?;^fi ae>J ° Seph Holmes "dE.
G. Waltz. Jathers, three of the men in
dicted were arrested last night by Detec
tiv Dillon .ad three policemen on bench
warrants from the Superior Court issued
upon the Grand Jury indictment "****
They.were char K ed with murder
."These men were recently arn.«'t«,< -«j
discharged after examination f^Po'Sj
t C he" fc iJd h ffr? e CaSC WM taken Wo™
In the sun for divorce of Henry !kfoc!ler
agtinst his wife. Attorney L. U. Dodge iB coun
sel for the plaintiff. Mr. Dodge's name was
mixed somehow in an account of the proceed
ings with that of a steamships officer. I in lmd
caused the estranpement between Moel" -r inS
his wife. The substitution of names "placed
the attorney in an embarrasisng position.
Predicament in Which Uncle
Sam's Gunboat Petrel
Was Placed.
QUARANTINED AT NAGASAKI.
Paymaster P. V. Mohun Was Down
With the Dread Disease, but
He Recovered.
The United States gunboat Petrel— the
smallest vessel in the American navy
arrived in port from the China station yes
terday. She anchored off Sausalito, ana
early next week will go to Mare Island for
repairs. .
During her sojourn in the Orient she has
done splendid work for Uncle Sam, and
her trips up the Yang-tse-Kiang in order
to protect American missionaries have
been many and frequent.
When it came to a question of bringing
a mandarin to terms the little boat was
"right on top," as her crew puts it. She
is armed with four 6-inch breech-loaders
and two 3-pounders. Besides this she has
two Hotchkiss, two Gatlings and several
pneumatic tubes.
The officers of the Petrel are Lieutenant-
Commander W. H. Emory; Lieutenat N.
Sargent, executive officer; Lieutenant O.
E. Lasher, navigating officer; Lieutenant
T. D. Griffin; Ensign H. H. Caldwell; En
sign J. A. Sypher; R. 8. Denig. passed as
sistant engineer; P. ri. Bryant, passed as
sistant surgeon, and P. V. Mohun, assist
ant paymaster.
The gunboat Concord left Yokabama
48 hours after the Petrel, and was beaten
into Honolulu 15 hours. She was to leave
the capital of the republic 24 hours after
the Petrel, and may be expected some ;
time to-night. This showing by the Petrel j
is a surprise to the navy officers, as the
little gunboat is supposed to be one of the !
slowest vessels in the navy. At Nagasaki
she was overhauled by the Japanese engi
neers, however, and in conBequence she
has averaged S]^ knots an hour ever since.
"When we left Shanghai last month
everything was quiet," said one of the
Petrel's office: syestep lay. "When we were i
a few days out Paymaster Mohun was :
taken down with the smallpox, and there j
was a great soare on board. Dr. Bryant
isolated him. and we made all steam for
the Japanese coast. On arriving at Naga
saki he was on the road to recovery, and
after a delay of nine days we were given a
clean bill of health. We have had no
sickness since then, and of course had no
need to report to the health authorities
here.
"At Yokohama Captain Emory came to
the conclusion that we would not be able
to reach Honolulu with our normal coal
supply. In consequence all our amuni
tion was put ashore and our magazines k
were filled with biack diamonds. The i
overhauling the Japs gave our machinery j
did us good, however, as we had stifl
eighty ions of coal on board when we
reached Honolulu. The Petrel is a good
gunboat, but a mighty poor sea boat. We
could neither read, write nor sleep on
her. She rolled terribly, and duriue a
storm we were in she picked the water up
in one scupper and threw it over into the
other.
"We were only nine days on the trip up
from Honolulu, and I think that is as
good time as any of the other men-of-war ,
have made. I know it is a splendid show
ing for the Petrol, as during the trainine
drills on the China station she could never
do better than six knots an hour."
The Petral will remain at Sausalito un
til Monday next and she will then go to
Mare Island and go out of commission.
Over •900 Raised for Its Endowment
In the Children's Hospital.
The first of a series of three entertain
ments, the purpose of which is to endow a
a Pacific Heights' bed at tne Children's
Hospital, was given at the Pacific Heights'
school Thursday afternoon. The idea is
that of the principal, Miss Alice M. Stin
son, who acted as general overseer.
This particular entertainment was given
by the primary classes, and the crowd
was so large that the services of two po
lice officers were brought into requisition
to keep the crowd within proper restric
tion.
Prominent among the features were a ,
eiml v. a lemonade and a chocolate booth,
presided over by tne various teachers, as
sisted by the larger girls. Besides, there
were grabbacs, raffles, music and recita
tions. Nothing was permitted to sell for
more than a dime, which was a clear
profit as the parents of the pupils con
tributed everything.
The special feature of the programme
was a Miss Blanche Kelleher, who took
the part of a nurl in a living picture, and
sang "The Better Land."
Many large local firms helped to swell
the fund by paying the children well to
represent them, in the living pictures.
The intention is to raise at least $1:300, and
this one entertainment netted something
over $900. The other two will be held on
May 15 and May 30 respectively.
Rote Flamming, Arrested for Dranken
n«»», Tried to Str»iij;ln Heraelf.
Mrs. Rose Flemraing, who was arrested
and taken to the Folsom-street station for
drunkenness yesterday afternoon, tried to
end her life by tying a handkerchief
around her neck. She was detected in the
suicidal act by one of the officers just in
time to save her life.
On her arrival at the Receiving Hospital
she was so violent that it became neces-
sary to strap her to the cot. From all that
could be gathered from her wild ravings,
it seems that she has been driven to ihe
verpe of insanity by the dissolute habits
of her husband. The three men who re
moved her from the ambulance to the
ward of the hospital had their hands full,
and the crazed woman left the marks of
her violence on their persons.
• — ■» ♦
Fitting Celebration of the One Thou
sandth Anniversary to Be Held
This KTcning.
The millennium of the foundation of
Hungary is to be celebrated at 8aratoga
Hall this evening in a manner at once
demonstrating the patriotism and the en
terprise of the resident natives of that
country.
The affair is to be under the auspices of
the First Hungarian Society of Sail Fran
cisco, a flourishing organization composed
of the best element of the local Hungarian
colony.
The exercises will consist of a musical
and literary programme, a ball and a ban
quet. A popular feature of the musical
programme will be a number of selections
by the recently organized singing branch
of the society.
An elaborate souvenir, containing a brief
illustrated history of Hun^arv and pic
tures of prominent members of the society,
has been" issued.
Sutro Made Happy by Over
Thirty Thousand Visitors
to His Baths.
Entire Rolline-Stock of the Car Lines
Called Into Requisition to Accom
modate Travel.
Notwithstanding the uninviting appear
anco of the day for a California Mayday,
the children, with their escorts, turned out
en masse to enjoy the annual festivities at
Sutro's baths, wbich had been especially
prepared for the occasion.
The entire rolling-stock of the Sutro and
Sutter-street car lines had been run out to
accommodate the general public which
rode over the lines.
In addition to the service on these lines,
the steamcars of tne Market-street branches
put on their Sunday and holiday reserve
rolling-stock to catch as much of the travel
as possible.
But it made no difference which lines of
streetcars were used. All were bent for
the attractive point at the Cliff. Up to 3
o'clock 2ft.ti.50 Dersons passed through the
revolving gates leading into the baths.
The scene on the inside from any point
of view was one seldom seen outside of a
grent metropolis. It was fairyland exem
plified from t he topmost seat on the gal
lery to the water's edge.
At 12 o'clock the May Queen was
- crowned anmlst an admiring throng of
her infantiia subjects, and immediately
after being so crowned the gallant and
handsome Colonel Thomas P. Robinson
on behall of his superior, the owner of the
baths and an eighth of the area of the
City and Countv of San Francisco, pre
sented her young Majesty with a mam
month bouquet, the gift of Mayor Sutro,
who was present and extended the liber
ties of the grounds to her Majesty.
All the juvenile amusements, from danc
ing to romping through the building,
were enjoyed by the young ones to their
hearts' content, and none enjoyed the
scene more than did. the venerable Mayor.
"I hdve," said he. "spent some happy
and pleasant days in my life, but posi- i
lively this one gives me more real pleasure
than any one I can recall. To see the inno
cent little children and their parents made
so happy is indeed a joy and a pleasure to
me and the members of my family, who
have taken such pains to make it pleasant
for all."
The warmth of the building in the bath
inclosure made it a very pleasant contrast
for those assembled in comparason to the
somewhat raw ocean breeze felt on the
outside.
Mr«. Booth-Tucker Will Be Able to
Meet Her Engagements. ,
The condition of Consul Emma Booth-
Tucker has so ereatly improved that her
presence at c the meetings at Metropolitan
Temple next Wednesday afternoon and
evening is an assured thing. The chances
are that she will also conduct a meeting
Tuesday.
Her husband, Commander Booth-Tucker,
is now flying across the country on his
way to this City. He will also be present
at the Wednesday meeting. He is expected
to arrive here Wednesday^morning.
Mrs. Booth - Tucker will undoubtedly
meet her engagements now in Portland
Seattle, Topeka and Kansas City.
"The results of these , meetings," said
Social Secretary McFee last night, "can
hardly be estimated. T:;e interest that has
previously existed among all classes re
garding her work has broken out into a
flame of enthusiasm. The presence of
our consul among us has done a vast
amount of good."
The Young Man's Father Says His Son'
Slay Have to Suffer.
Frank D. StocKirig appeared before
Judge Low yesterday on a charge of ' per
jury. He went on the bond of a woman
named Watson, who was charged with
petty larceny, and swore that ho owned
certain property which his father is known
to own. • >
The case was continued until next Tues
day. The young man's father has had
considerable trouble with him, and he
says that if the boy has committed perjury
he will let him go to prison. ■. ■■■?■ .•■
Agents of the Southern Pacific
and Northern Pacific
Convicted.
FEAR SERIOUS COMPLICATIONS
General Disturbance of Transconti
nental Rates One of the Future
Possibilities.
There was a long and heated session of
the San Francisco, and Oakland Pas senger
Agents' Association in the Mills building
yesterday afternoon to hear and decide
upon the charges of rate-cutting brought
ajrainst the ticket agents of the Southern
Pacific and Northern Pacific roads.
In each case the guilt of the accused
was established, Abner Man, the Southern
Pacific representative, pleading Ruilty,
and T. K. Stateler, the Northern Pacific
agent, being convicted on a vote of 8 to 6,
every man present voting.
More than ordinary interest attaches to
these cases, particularly in view of the
fact that T. K. Stateler has given notice of
appeal and of the peculiar stand taken by
the local Santa Fo passenger agent. If
the attitude of these gentlemen remains
unchanged it is likely that the presant
rate wnr Between the Southern Pacific
Company and the Oregon Railway and
Navigation; Company for business between
San Francisco and Portland will develop
into one of broader scope, involving all
the lines in the Transcontinental Pas-
senger Association — thoae operating west
of the Missouri River, some twenty-tnree
in number.
In both cases mentioned tickets were
sold to St. Paul via Portland for $45, or $2 90
below the rate quoted in the California
sheet, which controls the price of tickets
sold in this City. The offending agents
took advantage of the local war rate of $5
between here and Portland and sold the
unknown emissary of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company a ticket from
Portland to St. Paul for $40 ana then pro
vided him with a $5 ticket from hereto
Portland, the Southern Pacific using a
ticket over its Portland special train and
the Northern Pacific providing passage by
the steamer of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
When the charge against Allen H. Ab
bott of the Southern Pacific Company,
who sold ihe cut-rate ticket, came up for
hearing General Ticket Agent Mann
pleaded guilty and was fined $10 and bad
to redeem the ticket at its full regular rate,
thus being out an additional $2 90.
The charge against Stateler, after a hard
battle, in which nearly every passenger
agent participated, was sustained by a vote
of 8 to 6. He promptly gave notice of ap
peal. He claims he simplv sold the ticket
from Portland to St. Paul and that the in
tending passenger then procured inde
pendently his transportation to Portland.
This, Lowever.it is stated by some of those
who attended the meeting, was not con
clusively shown by the evidence. It was
clearly proved, it is claimed, that the
through rate of $4.3 was quoted.
Both eases were 'he result of the clever
scheming of F. P. Connor, the local agent
of t tie Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company, who suspected for a long time
that the rate war to Portland was being
used by both the roads named to secure
transcontinental business, in the face of a
special stipulation between Mr. Huriburt
of the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company and Mr. Goodman of the South
ern Pacific Company, that it was not to be
taken advantage of in this way by either
of their companies. This agreement was
loade for the express purpose of averting
transcontinental rate troubles.
On the part of the Southern Pacific Com
pany it is claimed that Mr. Abbott sold
the ticket without authority, and he has
been suspended pending an investigation
of the case.
Mr. Stateler's appeal must go forward to
Chairman Caldwell of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association at Chicago,
and it will be at least eight days before a
decision can be received.
Meanwhile the possibilities thus opened
up of diverting traffic to Eastern points by
way of the northern roads has caused
great restlessness among the other lines.
The representative of the Santa Fe went so
far as to declare his intention of endeavor
ing to induce his people to demand that
the roads routing by way of the Missouri
River gateway be allowed to make a rate
that wiJl put them on a competitive equal
ity with those which can advantageously
use the Portland gateway, and this action,
if carried out, may lead to a general and
serious disturbance of transcontinental
passenger rates.
This question will no doubt be taken up
by the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation, which is to meet in this City on
May 13.
The San Francisco News Letter, besides
continuing its handsome series of Pictur
esque San Francisco, treats editorially the
following live topics: "The Freedom of
the Press," "The Brown Fiasco," "Th«
Bogus McKinley Boom," "The Use of
Criminals," '-The Wilmerdiug School."
Pleasure's Wand department is bright
with clever theatrical talk and the other
departments are as newsy and clever as
usual.
Manager File her of the State Board of Trade
received yesterday the medals and diplomas
awarded at the Atlanta Exposition.
.Ten medals were awarded the board, seven
of which were gold, valued at $125 each, and
three of bronze.
78
He Wants to Control the
New State Central
Committee.
MAKING COMBINATIONS.
The Buckley ites Are After the !
New Junta Campaign
Committee.
SWELLING THEIR ENROLLMENT
Joseph P. Kelly Begins His Blackthorn
Campaign for a Congressional
Nomination.
John Daggett is reaching out for the
next Democratic State Central Committee.
He wants as much power in that com
mittee as he can possibly gain and to that
end is himself, and through his lieuten
anta,; nosing about finding how some I
things stand and endeavoring to make
combinations by which he may control
.the.a.ctiori of as many as possible of the
local Junta Assembly District delegations
to the State Convention when they come
to name their appointments of State Cen
jtral Cbmmitteemen.
Iiaggett wants to be a commanding
power in Democratic State politics. He]
also looks as much as ever for all the local
power he can get in partnership with Sam
Rainey. :. ••"..-
Since the Raihey-DagKett faction of the
Junta was beaten out at the iast meeting
of the General Committee and absolute '
■'■'■ control ot affairs vested in a' campaign
committee which '.Chairman- Sullivan has
named Daggeri Las been trying to save as
much as possible and is making new plays. :
Daggett is kicknie hard on the inside of!
Junta affairs. He insists an being recog
nized. The eternal friction that has;
marked the course of Junta affairs 1
keeps up.
Any power that Daggett may get in the
State Central Committee will, of course,
become part of the power of the political
lirru of Rainey and Daggett. Sam Rainey :
has not returned from Southern California j
yet, but he will be back in good time and ;
his activity will begin as soon as the State !
Convention is over.
Colonel Sullivan's campaign committee!
has not met yet. It has merely been the j
suDject of busy analysis among Demo- I
cratic politicians. All possible pulls on
'";': the! twenty members are being studied up
by those who need the committee. The
.committee will nieet next week and do 1
. somet. Lng about the primaries it will hold !
as its method of -appointing delegates to |
the State convention. McXab, Sullivan
and Lanigan have not yet decided just
what the committee shall* do.
The appointment ot the campaign com
mittee, with absolute power, provides the!
vath by which the compromise with the '
Buckleyites after the State Convention is I
sure to be reached. The Buckleyites are j
aft j r the committee now. They need I
eleven of its members ami expect to get
them— that Is, get them for the com pro
mise amalgamation they will persistently
seek. Nothing will, of course, be realJy
done in th's line until after the State Con
vention.
There are individual members who are
now.fcoiinted as .sure- for a compromise
when, the .time comes; "Nobody doubts that
Ed" I^an-igah.-with Jiia' four or five votes,
will reject any bargain-. that'. seems to his
political advantage. Colonel Sullivan him
6elf is a candidate for Sheriff and not many
believe, that he' will-figure on.winmng on a
ticket fougt'it. by a majority of his party.
M'. C. "Hassett wants to be Superior Jud^e
and most of the Junta leaders are looking
for political jobs. The wisdom of recog
nizing "the- existence of the. bulk of the
party is generally counted on. as • being
'someining- which the' Junta bosses will
clearly perceive when the • right . time
conies. '"'.'•.
The question of "ho.w the fierce contest'
between the' Junta and the Buckleyitea
will come out at Sacramento will not get
much light' thrown on* it until the dele
gates beein to .be«nnounced through the
State. The Buckley.Ltes are quietly doing
!il 1 sorts of missionary work through, the
Stale, and they will get their work in on
the delegates as fast as they are chosen.
The Buckleyites are going busily- and
confidently ahead. Their additional en
rollment in the districts wiil end to
night, and will add about 2000 names to
the 11,800 now on the rolis.of the Buckley
faction. The enrollment on Wednesday
erenihg in the eighteen districts was 581,
that of Thursday nieht was 501. and there
was a corresponding enrollment last night.
Delegates to the State Convention will be
nominated on the 16tli inst. and the pri
mnry will be held on the 28th.
Joseph Rothschild, chairman of the
Buckley general committee, lias announced
the following committees:
Finance committee— Maurice Schmidt, John
Mcdrthy,. lames C. Nealon, Thomas Aslnvorth,
T. J. Fcid. Ma Newuioii, William Cla'jJi
Auditing committee— Charles VV. Pope, H. J.
Donovan, James Ivory.
Registration committee— Jarn£s J. Flynn, If.
J. Kelly, M. G. Sears, James Meagher, George
McElroy.
Resolution committee— F. J. Fallon, R. B.
Terry, A. M. Armstrong, Peter Uarrity, Stephen
Potter.
Naturalization committee— Edward J. Rey
nolds., Patrick H. Phaiily, P. J. McElroy, R. 0.
Scott, Edward McNamara.
W. W. Foote is out as a candidate as
delegate at large to the National Conven
tion. E. B. Pond would like to go In the
way, it is understood, and George T.
Marye would not mind representing the
Fourth District.
Joseph P. Kelly has now fully launched
his campaign for the Democratic nomina
tion for Congress from the Fifth District.
He is shoving out the blackthorn canes,
of which he brought back quite a cargo
from Ireland a few months ago. The one
he gave Buckley is a "lalla," the boys say.
It has three little vines twining among
the thorns and is ornately jeweled. The
one bestowed on Boss James H. O'Brien
isn't, of course, in it with Buckley's, but
it has a pretty silver shamrock leaf to
help out its beauty. The district bosses
get just plain blackthorns.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald Re
ceives a Letter From the Sacramento
Federated Trades.
Labor Commissioner .r'itzgerald has re
ceived the followingletter from Sacramento
showing the increasing recognition of a
State labor bureau's importance:
E. L. Fitzqerald Esq., Labor Commissioner—
Dkah Sik: we wish to call your attention to
the fact that this city is a givat labor center
and that there are many deserving men anil
women out of employment who are unable to
pay the fee demanded by employment agents.
This council is desirous of establishing afree
employment bureau and has the matter under
consideration by the Board of Trustees oi Sac
ramento.
Wink- the bnnrd appears to favor the propo
sition the members entertain different ideas
as to the method of establishing it. There is
some talk of putting the bureau in the hands
of the Salvation Army, but our council objects
to this method.
We would like to know if you can appoint a
deputy to reside here and attend to labor mat
ters in general. Have you the funds to pay a
deputy here, or, if not, what amount can you
afford for this purpose 1 We can furnish* an
office retit free during the daytime.
We believe that with the aid of your office
we i :iii t s'ablish a free employment bureau,
anil through a resident deputy great good
can be tcoomplished.
We ask as n special favor that you send a
rei ■!>• to this at once, as our regular meeting
and the meeting of the board of trustees is on
Monday, May 4. Very respectfully yours,
Frank Cooke,
Secretary Federated Trades Council.
"I will advise the Sacramento Traaes
Council," fcaid Mr. Fitzgerald, "to wait
until they can have a bureau with the
right fund and authority. I thoroughly
appreciate the fact that Sacramento should
have a bureau, but we have not a dollar to
spare for founding or maintaining such
an inst : tution."
The Well -Known Auctioneer
Succumbs to a Tumor on
the Brain.
Cjme to California When a Mere Boy.
Was a Member of Many
Secret Orders.
Gustavus Langford Spear, for many
years a member of the well-known auction
lirm of Edward Spear <fe Co. of this City,
died Thursday night at Santa Rosa, and
to-morrow afternoon the funeral services
will be held here with all the observances
of the Masonic order, of which he was a
prominent member.
Mr. Spear was born in Boston, Mass.,
April 24, 1M9, and at the ace of 14 came to
this Stat", which he made his permanent
home. In later years he lived at 1715
Broadway, still the family residence.
A year ago he moved "to Santa Rosa in
search of health. His death was not un
expected, as he had been long ailing, the
fatal complaint being an ante-cranal
tumor.
To those best acquainted with him Mr.
SpeaT. was esteemed as a man of fascinat
ing personality and quiet, kindly disposi
tion.
He was a past master of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. If.; a member of
California Chanter No. 5, Royal Arch
Masons; ■ a member of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 1(3, Knights Templar: a
member of Islam Temple. A. A. O. M. S.,
ajida member of the Grand Consistory of
California, a tnirty-second degree Mason.
In lsi»j he was elected'a knight commander
of the Court of Honor.
A widow and three children survive him.
The funeral will be from the Masonic
Temple at 1:30 p. m., and the interment
will take place in the family plat in the
Masonic Cemetpry.
When N. Diers, saloon-keeper at Fifth and
Folsom streets, woke up yesterday morning -be
discovered he had made a mistake. The prev
ious evening he ■ had charged an unknown
woman with . having robbed him .of. his
jewelry at Carr's saloon, on McAltster and
Larkin streets. He recalled, however, that he
had left his watch and other : valuables at an
other saloon, where he : recovered them. He
hastened to withdraw his charge and to
apologize to the keeper of the maligned saloon.
» ♦ ♦
In addition to the large line of ready-framed
Pictures closing out at half price we have
many new Pictures in the sheet coming in and
new Moldings; beautiful designs for framing
at moderate prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •■.--;• •
Says He Was Accosted by the
Negress on Kearny
Street.
DENIES TOUCHING HER THROAT
He Was Held by Judge Campbell as
Louis Pritchard for
Vagrancy.
Louis Pritchard, alias John Lewis, the
alleged strangler, is now plain Louis
i'richard the vagrant.
It was by ruling of Judge Campbell that
the charge against him was transformed
to the low offense.
When Pritchard appeared in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday morning to be
arraigned on a charge of attempting to
strangle a woman of the half-world he in
formed the court that he had been out of
work lor several weeks and that he did no
choking.
This statement of the prisoner, in the
face of the Morris woman's assertion, cor
roborated by that of Policeman Robl, to
the effect that she had been choked and
threatened with death, saiisfied the Judge,
apparently, and he held the supposed
strangler for vagrancy.
Isabella Morris, the complaining wit
ness, is nearly if not quite a full-blooded
negress. In her story in court yesterday
morning she adhere'! to her first state
ment that Lewis, alias 1'ritcbard, at
tempted to throttle her and also threat
ened to choke her to death, as he declared
he had done with several women of her
class within the last five months. The
arresting officer, F. Rob!, also overheard
the dire threat ascribed to the prisoner.
Pritchard denied emphatically that he
had touched the negreps near the throat.
He staid: "When 1 was walking down
Kearny street early this morning I met
the woman near the entrance to Merchant
street. She called to me. I had been
drinking beer ana took up with tne invi
tation to walk with her. After walking
half-way down the street (Merchant
street) she said she was goit!).' to the drug
store to get some medicine and asked it i
had any money.
"I said, as best I can remember, that
there was nothing said about money when
I met her. We then got to talking and I
notic^ a big nigger standing on the oppo
site side of the street. I had no sooner
seen him than he started toward us. I
thought he WR9 most likely the woman's
friend, and feared "trouble. I took the
woman by the arm rather roughly, per
haps, and site fell on the steps leading to
nn upper floor along there somewheres.
She 'hollered blue mnder, 1 and the next
I knew an officer was onto me. He took
me and the woman, but for some reason
did not look after the other man.
"I am a peddler by trade and have
worked in the Pacific Rolling-mills and
also in Oakland. The last work I did was
on the Mount Tamalpais Railway. , I have
been broke for some time and when I was
arrested I had just 10 cents in my
pocket.
"I must have been very much under the
influence of liquor, because I failed to rec
ognize the woman when she went on the
stand to testify against me this morning."
It was learned during the afternoon that
Judge Campbell's act in holding Pritohard
for vagrancy was in compliance with tne
request of Detective Bonen.
It is evident that the case is considered
serious by Captain Lees, but the evidence
is not strong enough bo far to warrant a
vigorous prosecution, hence the holding of
the alleged strangler for vagrancy until
the detectives can look up his record.
The Mai ufactureriT and Producers' As
sociation Asks the Prison Directors
to Patronize Home Industry.
The following communication was for
warded yesterday to each member of the
State Board of Prison Directors by the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, asking that California tobacco be
supplied to the prisoners in the State
prisons:
May 1. 1896.
Hon. R. M. Fitzgerald, President State Board of
PrUon IHnctors, 8SU\i Broadway, Oakland, Cat.—
Dear !<iu: We are advised thai it has been the
custom of the Board of State Prison Directors
in the past to award contracts for the supply
of plug and cut tobacco to houses or firm* mat
in iilling their contracts have i-UDplied the
San Quentin and Folsom State prison* with
tobacco manufactured by convict labor In the
Eastern and Southern States.
We wouid slate that we have in California
numerous tobacco manufacturers who import
the leaf tobacco irom the South and make it
into plug ana cut tobacco in this .state, thereby
giving employment to a great many people,'
and in their business use boxes, labels, etc.,
made by other California mechanics. It is a well
known fact that free labor cannot compete
with convict labor, and in giving orders for
tobacco from Southern or Eastern prisous
citizens of this State are deprived of employ
ment and our manufacturer!! of business that
they are entitled to receive from State institu
tions.
As we.are advised that a schedule for sup
plies for the State prisous for the coming year
have not yet been printed, but will be placed
in the hands of the Stat* Printer in a few day*.
on behalf of the manufacturers and producers
of California, we ask that a clause be printed
at the foot of each schedule, at follows:
"No goods will be accepted that arp lnnde by
convict lubor outside of the State of California.
Preference will be given to gorxls manufac
tured in California, price and quality to be
considered."
The object of the Manufscturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of California in to fus;er
and encourage the manufacture and consump
tion of California product*, and as every mi
-zen of the State is interested in and will be
benefited by the success of our efforts, we feel
satisfied it is but necessary to call your atten
tion to this matter to have "on r request granted.
Yours very truly, l. R. Meai>, Secretary.
Weather Permitting, the Chutes Will
Look Like Daylight. :
The wind was so high at the chutes yes
terday afternoon that it was impossible to
inflate the balloon, and after an hour's
endeavor the big airbag, full of hot smoke,
was flopped on its side, and an apology
was made to the large audience assembled.
To-night, ii it does not rain, there will
be a grand display of fireworks at the
Haigh^street grounds. Some of the pyro
technic novelties will be a kicking donkey,
a reproduction of the Niagara Falls and a
couple of luminous trolley-trippers. The
exhibition will begin at a quarter past 9,
and will last for half an hour.
This evening F. W. Dohrmann, president,
and J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, will address the citizens
of the Mission upon the uow charter.
The meeting will be held under the auspices
of the Mission Improvement Association at its
hall, corner Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
The main provisions of the charter will be ex
plained and the results that will follow its
adoption will be made clear
Hon. Albert S. Willis, United States Minister
to Hawaii, who arrived here over a week ago
and has since been sick because of a severe
co'.d which resulted In a touch of pneumonia,
was much improved yesterday. He was able
to sit up for a time and was* quite cheerful,
and both he and his friends think he will now
soon be able to be out. There has b"en much
interest in Mr. Willis' condition sine*- his sick
ness was announced.
Programme for the Week of the
Grand Court at Wat
sonville.
Reception, Parade, Business Sessions
of the Grand Body, Concert
and Ball.
The California Grand Court of the
Foresters of America will be in session in
Watsonville, t^anta Cruz County, during
the week commencing next Monday. The
people of that city have made great pre
parations for the event, and the following
programme has been arranged for the
week:
Monday evening. May 4— Reception at depot;
housing: delegates; concert on the plaza at 8
p. >i. by the Watsonville City band.
Tuesday, May 5— Grand C ourt session at 10
a. m. ; parado forms at 1 p. u., *harp; exercises
on the plaza.
The following is the order of the parade :
First division will form on Main itreet, right
resting north of First street, opposite the Lewis
House.
Chief of Police and force
Grand marshal— William M. White.
Chief aids— P. J. Thompson, Lawrence Strove
Watnonville City band.
Marshal to drill corps, W. F. D.— Sergeant O.
8. Tuttle.
Wataonville Prill Corps, W. F. D.— Colonel 3.
Koster, commander; J. T. Stone, fint sergeant.
Watsonville Fire Department.
Second division will form on Mtple avenue,
right resting on Main street.
Marsha^— J. L. Mathews of Salinas.
Aids— Herman Werner, George Riley and
John Thompson.
Pajaro Valley Band.
Monterey County delegation of Foresteri.
Visltine: delegates.
Fraternal societies of Watsonville.
Third division will form on north side of
Third street, right resting on Main street
Marshal— Frank Mattlson of Santa Cruz.
Aids— James Struve, Dave Clouga and Peter
Struve.
Santa Cruz City Bond.
Vlsiling courts.
Court Pajaro Valley Rose No. 44 cf Watson
ville.
Grand officers in carriages.
Muyor and City Councilin carriages.
Grand Court committee of arrangements In
carriage.
Officers of the day, R. P. Quinn (chairman)
and S. C. Rodgers (president) in carriage.
Companions of the Forest in carriages.
Citizen* in carriages.
Line of march— Up Main street to Ford,
countermarch down Main to Front, down
From, to Rodriguez, up Rodriguez to First,
down First to Main, up Main to Third, out
Third to Marchant, down Marchant to Maple
avenue, down Maple avenue to Main street, up
Main to the plaza.
The following exercises will be held at
the plaza: " • "
Music by Watsonville City Band.
Introduction, Chairman "R. P. Quinn, Presi
dent S. C. Rodpers.
Address of welcome and presentation ol the
key of the city by Mayor A. B. Chalmers.
Music by the band.
The programme for the rest of the week
id as follows:
Tuesday evening May 5— A grand public en
tertninment at the Opera-house; the pro
gramme is under the direction of J. A. McCal
1 u in and is as follows :
Overture, "Ocean to Ocean," band; mule
quartet, "Anon Walti," Arion 1).; remarks,
Grand Chief Ranger Orfila; comic son*. "It
Will Be Mine Bye and Bye." Brother McCal
lum; recitation, "Naughty Zell," Miss Memo
Brock way; vocal solo, Mrs. J. Lee Burbeck;
original sketch, "A Fellow Affliction," Lottie
Goldle, a Wabionvllle girl, Miss Brook way,
Charlie Grey, a Forester delegate, Brother
MeCallum. Place, Watsonville; time, one
w< i-k after Grand Court meeting.
• Wednesday, May 6— Grand Court session at
9 a. m. and 1 p. u.
Wednesday evening, May 6— Concert on the
Lewis House balcony by the Pajaro Vahey
band at 8 r. m.
Thursday, May 7— Grand Court session at 9
A. M. and 1 p. m.
Thursday evening. May- 7— Concert on the
plaza nt H r. m. by the Watsonville City band;
fancy exhibition drill by Drill Corps, W. F. D.,
Colonel J. A. Kotiter commanding, at 9 p. m. ;
banquet at 10:15 P. M.
Friday, May 8— Grand Court session at 9
A. n. and 1 p. m.
Friday evening, May 8— Grand compliment
ary ball, tendered the Grand Court by Conrt
1'ajaro Valley Rose No. 44, at the Opera-house;
crand march at 9:15 p. m. sharp.
Donnelly and Donavan Start on
a Pilgrimage in the Thirty-
Seventh.
BLAINE LEGION IS ACTIVE.
The Forces Marshaling in Readiness
for the State Convention on
Tuesday Next.
Edward Donnelly was doing politics yes
terday.
In company with M. Donavan and
John G. Leidert he hail secured a copy of
the poll list of the Thirty-ieventh District
and started ont early in the afternoon to
make a house-to-house canvass of the 970
names for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the voters on the list resided at
the given address or not. It is expected
that the Donnelly committee of investiga
tion will complete their labor in about
ninety days if they work eight hours a
day.
Mr. Donnelly said that he was in favor
of pure politics and always had been so.
He expressed his belief that "raw work"
had been done in the recent primaries, but
he was confident that John D. Spreckels
□either inspired nor knew of it.
"I believe that Mr. Spreckels is honest
and sincere in his professions of political
purity," added Mr. Donnelly, "and I am
confident that whatever crooked work was
done was without bis knowledge."
The Fifth Congressional District com
mittee wiil render its decision in the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District contest
to-morrow at 11 o'clock. J. E. Richard de
clined to intimate what the decision would
be, but the consensus of opinion on the
outside is that Messrs. Donnelly, Donahue,
Donavan and Johnson have not made out
anything like a plausible case, and that
they will be thrust into exterior darkness
where there is weeping and wailing and
gnashing of teeth. They have shown tnat
live voters were debarred from casting
their ballots at tlie primary because their
names had been already voted, and they
proved that A. W« Joun3on's name was
not on the poll list, although he ?avs t'.at
he voted. They have Ml attempted to
show, however, that his vote was not
counted.
In view of th« f&>. that Mr. Donneliy
and his friends werf wiped nut by about
ftOO majority it would teem to be rather up
hill work for them to riwv that that quan
tity of votes wa3 cast fraudulently.
President Mclntyte.has called a meeting
of the Biniue Legion of the 1'acitic for 2
o'clock tnis afternoon in the Baldwin Ho
tel for the purpose of electing a new board
of directors. The present directors are:
William Mclntyre, president; L. M. Per
a.ta. vice-Dresident; Edward Lande, aecre
tary; A. G. Booth, secretary; John 1).
Spreckels and Daniel M. Burns.
At this election there will be no changes
save the appointment of a successor to
D. M. Burns. Carroll Cook and Henry
Martin, treasurer of the Native bons of the
Golden West, are named for the place.
Cook's friends are confident that they will
succeed in getting their man in.
The Kelly-Rainey Republicans assem
bled in two small rooms in. the .Flood
building last night for tho purpose of
devising ways and means in getting to
Sacramento and of making other arrange
ments lor Dreakiag into the State Conven
tion.
Some of the patriots present believed
that there ought to be room in tbe Fire
Department for some good workers and
they were also of the opinion that the
principle of rotation in office should be
more widely extended.
The meeting was called for the purpose
of getting together the chairmen of the
Assembly District delegations in order
that not one member should escape in the
political rodeo.
The caucus was held in secret. Martin
Kelly allowed the light of liis countenance
to shine at the gathering and gave the
faithful few the benefit of his political
wisdom. Sam Kainey was absent for the
sake of appearances, but his spirit was
there in full bloom.
Muon apprehension existed on the trans
portation question. The distance from
San Francisco to Sacramento on the tics,
by way of dtockton, is about 138 miles. It
is considerably shorter by way of Benecia,
but the fare isn't much cheaper. Some re
lief was afforded by the suggestion that
the trip could be made economically by
steamboat, provided that the passengers
camped on deck. The suggestion that Mr.
Kainey should furnish a barge with a tug
to tow it up the river was considered lack
ing in dignity.
It was decided to go to Sacramento any
how. There would be no trouble about
getting back to this City, becauso there
would be plenty of room ou the hog train
for all hands.
The majority of the delegates will start
to-morrow afternoon, so as to be on the
field early to buttonhole the country dele
gations as they enter the Capital City.
Outside of the Kelly-Kainey meeting
politics were flat, stale and insipid last
night. Everything is in readiness for the
State Convention, which bids fair to be
one of the most lively and interesting in
the history of the State.
The Question Again Discussed
at the Labor Council
Last Night
It Was Passed Without Action— The
Weekly Reports of the Trades
Unions.
The irritating subject of the San Fran
cisco Trades Council joining the Trades
and Labor Alliance in a political move
again came up in the meeting of the
former body last evening. It was brought
up by Delegate rhillipg, who delivered a
short address, in which lie suggested that
the best thing for the workingman to do
to better bis condition is to look well to
his acts at the coming electioh.(|lf he ever
expects to be benefited by the laws of the
land he should act with judgment in the
men he selects to create and maintain the
laws.
Delegate Milne said that he had come to
the conclusion that it was not a wise act
for the council to refuse to join hands
with the San Francisco Trades and Labor
Alliance. At present there aro several
bodies ot organized labor, but all are at
sixes and sevens in small matters when
they should all be pulling together to one
common end. He believed that the
matter of affiliating with the Alliance'
should be reconsidered by the Labor
Council. If it is necessary, he said, even
the Trades Council might be merged into
another larger and stronger labor body.
He saw no hope for labor unless it taices
ud the ballot and stands for its rights.
Strikes and boycotts are a failure and
usually result in those who participate
therein being put behind prison bars. If
organized labor expects to have beneficiary
laws parsed the workinsmen must elect
the men to make the desired laws.
Secretary Thurman was of the opinion
that politics and trades unions should be
kept apart. The trades unions people
should work in politics, but outside of the
unions.
Delegate McArthur took some of the pre-
vlous speakers to task for daring to voice
sentiments not authorized by their unions
and he spoke with much emphasis upon
the subject of the ability or inability of
the masses to govern tnemselves, as in this
country.
The subject was at last dropped without
action. 8eyeral other matters interested
the council.
Dupont- Street Assessment Taxes Paid
Under Protest Canuot Be
Returned.
D. F. Easterbrook has lost his case
against the City. He paid taxes for Du
pont-street assessments under DTotest, and
the Supreme Court has decided that he
cannot recover the amount of his pay
ments.
The Supreme Court holds that the lia
bility of the City was guarded against in
section 22 of the act, and under the act
the taxes, when collected, are to be paid
over to the City Treasurer, to "constitute
a part of the 'Dnpont-street fund,' and to
be paid out by the Treasurer only in pay
ment of the coupons attached to the
bonds." The court concluded that "what
is termed the tax is a special assessment
levied for a specific purpose upon a desig
nated district, to be collected in proportion
to benefits; that when collected it is placed
in a special fund, and can only be used in
payment of the principal and interest of
the bonds provided for in the statute;
that the City and County is not liable for
the payment of the bonds, and has no con
trol over the specific fund raised for their
liquidation; the City and County cannot
be held liable in the action."
Little Fellows May Now Live in
Cleanliness and Com
fort.
It Was Begun as a Club, but Has Now
Developed Into a Permanent
Institution.
The seed sown by Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Stevens some three months ago when they
founded a home at 113 Powell street, where
newsboys might get their meals and have
a clean, comfortable place to sleep, has
lapidly developed into a well-organized
undertaking to make a permanent home
not only for newsboys, but all other boys
whose parents cannot or will not provide
for them. .
An organization meeting was recently
| held to definitely outline plan3 for the good
work. A board of trustees was formed,
consisting of the following gentlemen:
Isaac Upham, J. Dalzeli Brown, J.
! J. Trnman, W. M. Banker and
I A. C. Stevens. Among others pres
ent at this meeting who will actively inter
est themselves in the work were: £,'.A.
Girvin, J. W Ball, H. E. Snook, T. B.
Peterson, J. A. Wiles, Mrs. Martin Jones,
Mrs. Judge Campbell, Miss Goodall, Judge
Troutt, H. E.Wilkinson and I>. M. Car
man.
Th« trustees have arranged to give a
grand concert for the benefit of the home
at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium Tuesday
evening.
The vocal music, which is promised to
be of a particularly high order, will be
furnished by the J?an Francisco Mixed
Quartet, consisting of Millie Flynn, Lena
Carrol Nicholson, Willis E. Bacheller,
Thomas, Rickard and Constance Jordan,
accompanist.
There are also on the programme: V. A.
H. Hoffmcir, pianist; Louis Finiger, hu
morist; Pearl Noble, cornet ; Maud Noble,
tromDone; and Lillian Featherstow, ac
companist.
"We have a ten-roomed house on Powell
street," said Mr. Stevens, "where we ac
j conimodate already twelve boys with beds
, and between fifty and one hundred with
; meals. We intend to make this not an
other charitable institution to be supported
by the City. We will make it self-support
ing. W r e conduct a public restaurant, now
on the lower Moor, in connection with the
eating-room for the boys, the proceeds of
which go to defray the expenses of the
work. The boys pay 5 cents for a meal
and 10 cents for a bath ancl a bed. In this
way they are made to feel independent.
"When we began the undertaking we
expected only to form a club and a place
where the boys might come after their
work and find amusement to keep them
off the street. Now we contemplate
making a permanent home somewhat
similar to the Waifs' Mission in Chicago.
There the boys contribute to the support
of the home and have also a savings bank
where their earnings ar« kept and xe
turned to them when the boys are 18 years
of aee.
'•We propose to introduce an industrial
school and thus extend the work into lines
that will be productive of the highest prac
tical pood.
"The following ladies hare undertaken
to contribute toward furnishing sleeping
accommodations for the boys: Miss Sfusie
Logan, Miss Galer, Miss Dorn, Miss Cip
rico, Miss Gilson. Mrs. Umbsen, Mrs. Mar
tin Jones, Mrs. J. S. Young, Miss D. Bare
and Mrs. Hoefler.
"We give weekly literary-musical and
literary entertainments at the home and
shall give one grand annual entertain
ment.
"The feature of making the home de
pendent on the support of tho boys them
selves has in itselt a pood influence. It
makes them manly and increases their re
gard for the place. Already they seem to
consider it as their particular property,
and several of them have started bank ac
counts. The boys come of their owu free
will, and when they come they stay.
"We will al*o take in the boys from the
street a* the Girls' Training School does
witn girls, and provide a temporary shel
ter for them until they can be sent to the
home at Santa Clara. From there thev
are put in good, comfortable homes. This
makes a complete system that cares for
the children until they are old enough to
care for themselves.
"Saturday evening we will give a free
entertainment at the First Baptist Church
The programme will consist of music and
Chi™ o M hal *" talk bv v - L - Rosfcrans of
Arrival of the Cralgmore, on Which 40
:'•'.. pee. Cent Reinsurance'-' "'• • •• •
Wm Palii.--.'" ••
•- The British ship. Graigmore " set all
doubts.as to her fate at rest yesterday bv
! petting- safely into port.. Forty per cent
j reinsurance was paid on her. and the men
■ who risked their money are now jubilant '
The ship was never in dancer- and was not
overdue, but the losses in succession oh
the Alexandra, .Brabloch and .Republic
scared the insurance men. and when the
[ Craigmore.with Greta coal, became a little
overdue they at once began to hedge? The
captain s report shows that the vessel en
countered light and variable winds durinn
the enure trip. »•■«■■
The Bteam schooner Point Arena that
went chore at Point Arena, Came °« 'the
st7eerwharf! rf V and Wa8 take " t0 Beale
J?nn n Sb + 8 . Wi11 b f overhauled and her
5 n fP ut , l ? Pood working order. Her
null was not damaged at all, and Captain
Jolnison expects to have her readv for sea
Ln£^ ek^ She will - be built up'forward
crew 8P quarters made. there for the
Frank Kane nearly lost his life on the
schooner Fanny • Adele yesterday. The
vessel was on the dryaock, and
ivane was leaning over her side
., *v? i t J > . Persuade his dog to go
up the ladder. The animal would not be
persuaded, and in bis anxiety Kane leaned
over too far and fell. In consequence his
nose is broken, his left arm is fractured ir
two places, and he is otherwise injured
The dog escaped. -
Monnt Ophir, 13,800 feet high, is the tall,
est in Sumatra.The Calhouns Will Strive
for the Davis Mil
lions.
SOUGHT BY A FORTUNE.
Suggestion of the Contest by-
Interested Eastern
Parties.
WILLING TO BE WEALTHY.
Mss Nellie Says She Could Continue
■ to Make Her Way With
-;../:■ : V- out Riches.
Eleanor Caihoun, the popular and
talented young lady whose signal his
trionic triumphs abroad have made her
one of the idols of her native State, ana
who is now one of the contestants for the
millions left by Andrew J. Davis, the Mon
tana mining king, denies that her visit
home portends a compromise. Miss Cal
huun was seen at her mother's residence
in the Richmond district yesterday after
noon, and ehe readily consented to talk
about her family's pretensions to the Davis
millions, so far as she could do so without
disclosing the tactics of the opponents to
the putative wilL
"Of course this is a matter that we have
long talked about in the family circle,"
ehe said, "but there were many reasons
why we have never until recently made
known our claims. My mother was re-
lnctant about entering into the contest, as
j it would necessarily open up matters of
family history which she naturally shrunk
Irom making public.
"Neither had we the means to prosecute
our claim. As it is we did not seek this
contest. About two years ago parties
irom the other side of the country ap
proached us. They discovered our rela
| tion to Davis without design on our part
or on theirs. They were simply tracing
the wanderings of* this rather eccentric
man, and they became possessed of the
proof of my grandmother's marriage.
They went to her in regard to the matter
and Bhe acknowledged the marriage and
furnished them with further confirmation.
They were so impressed with the pros
pects of her recovering her share of the
estate, which in Montana would be very
considerable, that they induced us to
make the attempt. We have a number of
! lawyers in various parts of the country in
terested in the matter. At their head is
Patrick Calhoun, my cousin, who is one of
the most prominent of New York's attor
neys. He is a erandson of John C. Cal
houn, and is highly esteemed by the mem
bers of the bar. Our attorneys assure us
that they are confident of our ultimate
success.
"We have no intention of compromising
our claim. Indeed, we have nothing to
compromise. If our contention is right
then the will, pver which there has been
such a series of legal battles, is except in
regard to a fractional part of the property
affected void. The law of Montana does
not allow a man to will but a small por
tion of his estate from his wife and child
ren. Our side is harmonious and so conld
not compromise. The quarrels of those
who are claiming under the will are im
material to us.
"Personally, my visit here has nothing
to do with the matter. I have learned
very little about the contest since its in
ception. I have been most of the time
abroad, and it is so far and my vacations
have been so brief that I have seldom been
able to spend more than ten days at a time
visiting my folks.
"About the only actual connection I
have had with the case is the possession
of a power of attorney for our family. Thi?
is in order to allow me to sign such papers
as may be necessary. Our attorneys te 1
us that the papers will soon be prepared
and we will then make oar first appear
ance in court.
"Our family has never been rich and of
course we feel as if we would like to be.
Who in the world would not? But I have
been used to making my own way and
largely caring for my family at the same
time, and if we lose we will be able to go
on in the same way without any great dis
appointment. We feel as if we would like
to win of course, but we have not set our
hearts on it."
Miss Calhoun declares she is in San
Francisco tolely to visit her relatives and
to recuperate. Already the absence from
professional cares seems to be benefiting
her, for, aside from a slight nervousness,
there is nothing in her demeanor to indi
cate that by sheer force of hard, honest
work she has succeeded in winning the
commendation of a jealous public. It is
reported that her voice has given out
temporarily, and, while this may be true
as regards its capability to stand the
strain of continuous staj;e performances,
there is a soft melody about it in conver
sation which would suggest anything but
impaired vocal organs. This visit, like
previous ones, will be but brief, and Miss
Calhoun will haste away to seek new
laurels across the water.
One of the Original Members oT the
Ancient Order of United
Workmen.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 1.— Truman H.
AUen, one of the original members of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, died
at his home in Fruit vaie to-night at G
o'clock, after a long illness. He was a na
tive of Essex County, New York, and was
past 64. He leaves a widow, but no chil
dren.
Mr. Allen was the second member of
tne A. 0. U. W., and, wiih H. G. Pratt,
brought the order to the coast and estab
lished it by instituting. California Lodge
No. 1 at West Oakland. Later he organ
ized Oakland Lodge No. 2 in the center of
the city, and Brooklyn Lod^e No. 8 in
Bast Oakland. He was a member ot No. 2
at the time of bis death.
In 18*3 Mr. Allen was chosen Clerk of
Alameda County, being the Democratic
nominee, and served his term. He was a
member of Lyon Post, Q. A. It., and served
a term* as its commander, but later trans
ferred his membership to Appomattox
Post, where he retained it to his death.
He was a major in the Pennsylvania ml
•lita, and went into the war under the 100
day oall. He was a member of the Loyal
Legion in Ban Francisco.
No arrangements have yet been made
for the funeral. .
— • — ♦ — •
Asbestos is a mineral Compound of
silicate of magnesia, silicate of lime and
protoxide of iron nnd manganese. It ex
ists in vast quantities in the United States,
in various parts of Great Britain, Hungary,
Italy, Corsica and the Tyrol.
Cause of the Trouble in the
French Benevolent
Society.
DR. C. BRIGHAM IS CALM.
Has Nothing to Say Excepting
He Was Stabbed in
the Back.
CALL FOR A GENERAL MEETING
Six of tlie Directors Who Resigned
Are Willing to Take Up Tneir
Portfolios Again.
There appears to be no way in which
the troubles of the Societe t'rancaise de
Bienfaisance Mutuelle can be abridged.
Quite the contrary, the chasms between
the different factions appear to be growing
wider and likewise deeper.
As a matterof fact there are new features
of an international nature that are coming
to the front with threatening aspect.
The latter phase dates back to the 22d
of February, "Washington's birthday,
wnen Superintendent Wolff of the French
Hospital flew the French flag from the
center pole, leaving the poles on either
side unadorned. There was absolutely
no representation of the United States
colors, and from that time the signifi
cance of the lack of display has been an
object of controversy between the
American and French members of the
Societe Francaise de Bienfaisan:e Mu
tuelle.
It is now claimed that the tidal-wave
that swept over the society's meeting
three nights ago is the outcome of this
controversy ana that Dr. Charles Brigham,
an American from Boston, was defeated
by Dr. Bourgougnon d© Marville of France
principally because the victor was French
and the defeated was American.
In the case of Dr. Boyd, who was de
feated by Dr. Mayer, the same conditions
exist to a very great exten t, only Dr
Mayer, while not exactly a Frenchman, is
a native of come province so near the
frontier that he was regarded as preferable
to any American.
This is the situation as it is represented
by the masses of Frenchmen, but which is
denied. by tne main members of the so
ciety — those who know the inside
workings.
W hen Dr. de Marville was elected instead
of Charles Brigham the other night Presi
dent Weiil resigned the presidency as well
as his position on the directory. Ten
other directors did the same thing, leaving
but four to conduct the society's affairs.
Since then six directors have reconsidered
their action, taken on the impulse of the
moment, and they are now back in the
directory, making ten in all. Their names
are: J. Desnhamos, O. Bozio, E. A. Le
moin, F. Fagothey, L. Carraine, P. Cames
F. Queyrel. J. Berges, L. Bocqueraz and J.
A. Bergerot.
It is to be presumed that, from the show
ing the hot-headed directors have made
in withdrawing their resignations, the
society will not be left without govern
ment even if President Weill still persists
in being obdurate against the hundreds of
French societaires who have called upon
him within the past seventy-two hours
begging him to withdraw bis resignation.
speaking on the subject vesterday, Mr.
Weill said : "I will absolutely not go back
to the Drenidency. I am pleased that the
other directors who resigned are going
back, because the society needs them.
They resigned out of compliment to Drs.
Brigham and Boyd, who have been faith
ful servants, and who never have received
a cent of pay from the Bociety for their
services. I will call a general meeting of
the society, and we will have new elections
one week from to-morrow."
John Bergez. one of the only four di
rectors out of fifteen who did not resign in
the wake of President Weill, stated that
he felt pleased at the eruption.
"There seems to be a misapprehension
as to our action." he said. "There never
was an intent on our part to cast any as
persion on Dr. Brigham or on Dr. Boyd.
We realize they have, without pay, worked
hard for the society, but at the same time
we also realize that in the case of Dr. de
Marville, he is a younger man. without
the extensive practice of Dr. Brigham and
with more time to devote to the hospital.
"It would really be too bad if we could
not use our right of suffrage wnen we be
lieve the betterment of the society is at
stake. I do not think Mr. Weill and the
other member? of the directory gave the
subject a thought or else they would not
have resigned.
"I do not know anything that could be
sodisattrous to the organization ns Mr.
Weill'H resignation, and there is little that
I individually would not do to have him
recall his hasty decision. He is needed
in the society and I hope he will come
back."
A peculiar thing comes ont now that
Dr. Mayer lias been elected to take the
place of Dr. Boyd as physician for nervous
diseases.
It seems tnat about two years ago Dr.
Mayer was a practitioner at the French
Hospital, lie was not regularly employed,
but he sent many pay patients there, and
as it was his right he treated them.
"He actually benefited the hospital to
the extent of $1600 from patients' fees
alone," a member stated yesterday. "Then
he got into some trouble or other, and the
board of directors of the society decided
he would no longer be accepted as a prac
titioner in the hospital. The doctor made
numerous appeals, verbal and by letter,
to the committee asking to be granted a
hearing, but to this very day his appeals
have been unheeded.
"It is my belief that the new committee
elected three weeks ago realized tha; me
old committee had done an injustice to
the doctor and, with a desire to right a
wrong, elected him instead of Dr. Boyd,
thereby removing the stain or cloud rest
ing upon him."
Dr. Charles Brigham is not losing any
weight over his defeat by Dr. de Marville.
When se*n in his office in the Mills build
ing yesterday, he smiled and said, in his
own gentle way:
"They have a perfect right to elect
whom they want. All that I know is that
both Dr. Boyd and 1 have none every thing
consistent with our duty for the French
society and we also feel that, although we
were defeated at the recent elections, we
have tue support to-day of the better'ele
ment in the French colony.
"There never has beea any emoluments
in the offices we held, but the honor of the
positions was compensation enough. If
there have been some stabs in the back I
am sorry for it. and I regret that the fric
tion assumes an international phase."
Joseph J. Eoiburoujli Chosen Kdltor
of the Argiit.
OAKI*A.ND, Cau, May 1.— The stock
holders of the Aegis Publishing ComDany
of the High School have selected Joseph
J. Rosborough to succeed Willis Ketchum
as editor of that publication. It is said
Kctchum's friends backed Archie Cloud
for the position, but he was defeated by a
vote of 49 to 62. The first issue under the
new management will appear Monday.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 1.— Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper delivered her lecture, "Why I
Am a Suffragist." last night to an audi
ence that filled the G. A. R. Hall and over
flowed into anteroom and passageway.
Ouly about thirty gentlemen were present.
In her calm, matronly and dignified man
ner she enumerated the chief evils women
labored under, and toid why she thought
the ballot would be a help to removing
thorn. She had not always been a suffrag
ist, as her earlier writings would show, but
she had seen from her experience in kin
dergarten works the error of her ways,
and exhorted all to work for the passage of
ihe eleventh amendment next November.
An Artist Departs.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 1.— Alameda'»
artists— and there are not too many— will
miss J. D. Jew«tt, who leaves next Tues
day lor the East to further study the in
tricacies of color evolved by a breaking
wave and the glints of color peculiar to
marsh and shore. Mr. Jcwett has a
penchant for marine subjects. To perfect
nimself in his art he has broken up his
business and he goes back to Philadelphia
and New York, where he came from ten
years ago. acd tvhere, by application and
natural talent, he hopes to carve out for
himself a nione in the Temple of Fame.
Police Arrostingg.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 1.— The police
made 49 arrests for the month of April,
classified as follows : Violating oidinances
16, malicious mischief 11, vagrancy 6,
drunkenness 5, larceny and disturbing the
peace 3 each, exhibiting deadly weapon,
truancy, defaulting witness Leach.
License Feeo.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 1.— During the
month City Marshal Kogers has turned
into the treasury the sum of $7987 40 for
business and wagon licenses for the cur
rent year.
Red Men.
ALAMEDA, Gal., May 1. — Pawnee
Tribe, I. O. R., had to postpone their ball,
on April 24, owing to tue roof of the
Armory Hall being blown off. It will be
held on Saturday evening, May G, and
from all appearances the postponement
will not in any way affect its success.
Open House for Everybody
at the Hopkins In
stitute.
A Fine Collection of Oil Paintings,
Waler Colors and Statuary
on View.
Five thousand persons, at a conserva
tive estimate, attended yesterday's free
exhibition in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. All day long, and until 10 o'clock
at night, the palatial edifice was thronged
with people, many of whom remained for
hours. Four policemen were on duty to
preserve order, but they earned their pay
easily, tbe only busy member of the
quartet being the >oungest and best look
ing, who ignored the man-made worka of
art upon the walls in order to atndy the
Creator's handiwork as exemplified in the
fair female forms which flitted past him.
All the pictures are worth seeing and
some are real works of art. Ernest C.
Peixotto has several good things, particu
larly his painting in oil, "Wiih the Dolls."
and his life-like portrait of Horace Q.
Platt.
Another gem is Sidney J. Yard's lovely
water-color, "The Close of Day." It rep
resents a Hock of sheeD huddling together
in a verdant valley just after sunset. The
glimmering, mysterious light of the first
moment of night is depicted with a rich,
warm coloring, as restful to the gaze as it
is true to nature.
Rupert Schmid has a fine portrait bust
of General Grant, and Massimiliano Poli's
dainty wood carvings, looking like sculp
tures in ancient ivory, were much ad
mired. . .
An interesting group in the conserva
tory comprises the three prize paintings
in tbe Phelan contest. The subject is
"The Discovery of the Bay of 8an Fran
cisco by Portala," and it is interesting to
observe the different way in which each of
the successful contestants treats the same
theme. Mathews, Keith and PissU are
the happy trio, and their masterpieces
merit careful study, and what is more can
stand it.
J. R. Martin, secretary of the institute,
announces that hereafter the artrooms
will remain open on Sundays, from 10a. m.
to 5p. m., with an organ recital during the
afternoon.
Award of Prlz«t to Successful Tourney
Contentants.
An. informal meeting, with Richard Ott
in the chair, was held at the chessroom of
the Mechanics' Institute last evening,
when the gold medal as first prise was
presented to Walter 8. Franklin, and the
silver medal, as second prize, to G. R.
Thompson.
The question of petitioning the trustees
of the institute to offer for competition a
suitable trophy annually was extensively
discussed and the following committee ap
pointed to confer with the trustees regard
ing same: James Aima, Alfred S.Isaacs,
Joseph Waldstein and Chairman Richard
Ott. ■ :.":■;•■: ■'./,. - ', ■ - v :
♦ — ♦ — . • _
The largest sum paid for a picture dur
ing the past season is the 10,000 guineas
given for Gainsborough's "Lady Mul
grave," a small canvas measuring only 20
inches by 24. This is the largest sum ever
given for a picture of this class, Cornelius
Vanderbilt was the buyer.
Produce Exchange Adjourns Out
of Respect to Its Late
President.
W. A. HOLCOMB'S BUSY LIFE.
From a Shotgun Messenger to Become
One of the Best-Known Mer
chants in the State.
■ . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 1. j
The funeral services of William A. Hol
comb, late president of the San Francisco
Produce Exchange and Call Board, who
died at his residence, on Seventeenth
street, will.be held Sunday afternoon. The
Masons and members of the exchange will
officiate.
For a few days previous to his death Mr.
Holcomb had shown some sign of im
provement ■ and his . demise was not ex
pected. A few weeks ago he underwent
an operation and j was considerably re
lieved of his dropsical swelling and was
very cheerful over his prospect of re
covery. :AV-\V-
For a long time he has been suffering
and has not been able to leave his home.
1'uMial paralysis and other complications
all tended to produce death.
Mr. Holcorub has had an interesting life
and it presents a fair type of many men
now prominent who came to California in
humble circumstances and fought their
way to affluence. Fifty-nine years ago he
was born in Vermont and when he was but
14 he started out to make his living. In
1852 he came to this State overland and
was known for a time as one of the most
daring of Wells-Fargo's shotgun messen
gers. In the sixties Mr. Holcomb figured
in politics in Unionville, Nev., and was
both County Clerk and Assessor there.
He opened a grain warehouse in San
Frannsco in 18G0 and till 1877 he was in
partnership with E. Ransom.
He served ns vice-president of the Prod
uce Exchange before being elected presi
dent, which office he has filled two terms.
Mr. Holcoinb was left a widower twenty
years aeo and he has lived with his two
daughters ever since.
Tne Produce Exchange of San Francisco
adjourned at the close of this morning's
session to . Monday morning as a mark of
resuect to its deceased president. A com
mittee of five, composed of K. Sinsheiraer,
Juda Newman, Frank Dalton, EtishaRan
som and Horace Davis, was appointed to
draft suitable resolutions of respect.
I. yon Post Delegates.
OAKLAND, Cai.., May 1.— The Me
morial day committee of the G. A. It.
met last evening in the City Hall. The
representatives of Lynn Post, consisting
of Messrs. W. H. H. Hussey, Jacob Wink
ler ' and William Daren Don, withdrew
from the- committee on account of their
suspension. Captain Hussey was chair
man of the committee and his withdrawal
necessitated the. election of a presid
ing officer.. J. R. Scupham, commander
of Porter Post, was chosen to nil the po
sition. .- • •-■ ~.-j' ; ■•
. . ' Athletes' Opening Day. •
CENTERVILLE,' Cat,.. May 1. — The
opening day of the Centerville Athletic
Clur> has been placed for May 1(>. The
forenoon will be taken up in bicycle races
between members of the club. In the after
noon a baseball game between the Oak
land High School and the Centerville Ath
letic Club teams will be played. A lively
time is expected as the whole of the Town
ship will turn out. President Frank M.
Smith will be in charge, and will be ably
assisted by a corps of .efficient committees.
. Choose New Officers.
NILES, Cal., May l'.— The Niles Co
operative Fruit Association have chosen
the following officers for the ensuing year:
J. C. Shinn, president; Q. H. Hudson, sec
retary; W. H. Ford, treasurer; directors —
Messrs. Hudson, Ford, Shinn, Tilden,
Chittenden, Sullivan and Jacobus.
Two Weddings.
NILES, Cal,, May 1.— Cards are out for
the wedding of Miss Maud Mosher and
Loren Hunt Monday evening, May 11, at
the residence of the bride's parents. Cards
are also out for the wedding of Miss Jen
nie Ellsworth and Robert Price Tuesday,"
May 12, at the Congregational Church.
. HISTORY OB A DAY. *
Alatneda County Happenings Told In
. . Brief Chapters. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, May 1. {
\V. B. Church has been granted a divorce
from Ueorgiana Church on the ground of
desertion.
The city delinquent tax roll foots up to
about $112,600. The delinquency on the
second installment last year was but $8003 72.
City Treasurer Gilpin paid out over $15,000
yesterday. There is now sufficient coin on
hand to pay all claims owed by the city.
Richard £. Hickethler, f father of the late
Valerie' Hickethler, mortgages . his home -on
Ninth street, near Grove, to-day to the Union
Savings Bunk for $2900.
The Health Department Is now settled in its
quarters again. The total cost was $750, and
nocoinplaiutcan be made that the city has not
received the worth of the money. . .
Johanna Wilhelmi asks to have the will of
Hermann Wilhelmi, who died at the Hawaiian
Islands, admitted to probate. The deceased
left property in Alameda worth $4100 to rela
tives.
Leonard S. Clark has petitioned to be ap
pointed guardian of Leonard Clark, a minor,
in the matter of representing his interest in a
life insurance policy of $1000, which will be
payable to him at the death of the petitioner.
A scene as disgraceful to the parties who
were the authors of it as it was hurtful to
the feelings of the humanized spectators
occurred on Wednesday afternoon in the
neighborhood of Shoreditch. Tne funeral
procession of a person of respectability
was passing to the burial ground of Shore
ditch when the hearse was stopped by a
number of Sheriff's officers, one of whom
presented a writ for £80, at the suit of a
person with whom the deceased had had
dealings. A9 the law, as it at present
stands, authorizes a creditor to arrest the
departed frame of his debtor, the officers
proceeded to take tbe body out of the cof
fin, then placed it in a snell which they
had brought with them in a cart, and in
this vehicle carried it away. — From the
Annual Register, 1843.
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
(Following is a summary of the principal
sermons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergymen,
priests, prelates, religious teachers and pro
fessors of the Christian faith. In every in
stance the full text has been carefully read and
abbreviated.)
DESTINY.
Every man determines his own destiny ; every
man is as good as he wants to be.— Rev." W. H.
Sunday, Methodist, Waterloo, Iowa.
ESSENTIALS. .
Religion teaches industry, honesty and
truthfulness, and the young man who hopes
to succeed in life must possess these, three es
sentials. — Kev. W. K. Evans, Espiscopalian,
Columbia, S. C.
CHRISTIAN UNITY. ;
The world is growing better and race preju
dice and superstition is giving way before the
liberal spirit of the gospel which Jesus came to
establish.— Rev. Dr. Harcourt, Methodist, Phil
adelphia, Pa. . ■.. ■
SUPERSTITION.
Superstition has no place in God's religion
of this age. All the power of working miracles
tliat ever was on earth is on eartn now.— Rev.
J. E. Roberts, Unitarian, Kansas City, Mo.
TUK BALLOT.
Better "vote into the air," and trust the an
gels to catch and rescue it, than to vote into
the mud and let the devil get it.— Rev. A. W.
Spoouer, Presbyterian, Camden, N. J.
■naufl of time.
The only kind of a miser that the Bible ap
proves of is a miser of time. Every man 6hould
remember that each hour contains sixty min
utes studded with diamonds of knowledge. —
Rev. H. C. Peebles, Baptist, Rochester, N. Y.
CATHOLICISM.
The Roman Catholic church, so long as it
keeps within the limits or our fundamental
principles as a nation, has a perfect right to
live and nourish in our country.— Rev. E. M.
Wood, Methodist, Pittsburg, Pa.
REWARD.
The most miserable man on earth may be
happy in the thought of a home in the future.
God has promised us that, and it is that for
which we hope and work. — Arcnbishop Ireland,
Catholic, St. Paul, Minn.
EXTRAVAGANCE.
The extravagance of modern society debars
many young men from marriage who teel thev
cannot afford to live as their position would
require them. This is oue of the greatest
dangers to the home and is growing.— Rev. W.
L. McEwan, Presbyterian, Pittsburg, Pa.
SUNDAY REST.
Let all the workingmen and their friends
combine to protect the Lord's day against any
influence which will roo it of its sacre<lnes<.
Let them strike against any Sunday work.
Strike against Sunday dasecration. Strike for
Sunday rest and worship.— Rev. C. A. Hare,
Baptist, Indianapolis, Ind.
CATHOLIC GENIUS.
We have plentv of Catholic priests to-day
throughout the United States who can stand
upon Hiiy platform and talk upon any subject
of public interest and command the attention
of the geueral public because of their high in
teUicence and superior ability.— Rev. Father
Malone, Catholic, Brooklyn, N.Y.
THE SALVATION ARMY.
Presuming the Faivation Army is to be a re
ligious organization and its meetings of a
religious nature, I have only to say that Cath
olics cannot conscientiously attend, join or
take part in any religious service or worship
not their own.— Rev. S. B. Spalding, Catholic,
Westchester, Pa.
RIGHT AND WRONG.
Morality is right relation with men. Spirit
uality is right relation with God. A man may
be all right with his fellows and all wrong with
God. When a man gets right with God he is
right with man every time.— Rev. A. C. Dixou,
| Independent, Raleigh, N. c.
THE ROAD TO HEAVEN.
Do not think you will leap into heaven by a
single bound at death. Not so easy. Every
d»y you are, by every victory over flesh, as
cending that ladder which leads from earth to
heaven. Heaven is not gained by a single
bound.— Rev. C. B. Mitchell, Methodist, Kansas
City, Mo.
THRIFT.
The personality of Jesus is still the power of
the church. If we drift away from his teach
ings we can have little power with the multi
tude. A church without Christ is a church
only in name, and is ready for a buriaL— Rev.
J. M. Durrell, Methodist, Nashua, X. H.
HKBKEW VIEW OF CHRIST.
We deplore and condemn the crucifixion of
Jesus of Nazareth. lie was without doubt one
of nature's noblemen, pure in sentiment and j
action, a great leader and reformer of men,
und, as such, fell a victim to the fanaticism
and jealous power of Uome.— Rabbi Joseph Sil
verman, Hebrew, New York.
APPLIED CHRISTIANITY.
The one great need of our times is applied to
Christianity. It in one that goes ahe'ad of all
others, and upon it depends the solution of
three great problems of the world— limitation
and distribtuion of wealth, suffrage and edu
cation—Rev. O. P. Sewell, Presbyterian, Syra
cuse, X. Y.
DIVORCE.
The prevalence of divorce in this country is
one of the alarming symptoms of a dreadful
disease in tbe family life of the Nation. From
1870 to 1800 the ratio of divorce increased
three times as fast us the population of the
United States. — Rev. A. E. Davis, United
Brethren, Columbus, Ohio.
MISSIONARY WORK.
Sin is just as much a sin in the South Sea
islander as it is in the Coney Islander, the
ignorance and the superstition of the former
not making it lens obnoxious in the sight of
God; and, though he pities the pagan, the
paean's immorality is just as offensive and
just as punishable— Rev. H. H. Styles, 1'resby
tcrian, Altoona, I'a.
THE HOUSE OF GOD.
In the house of God, God, not man, speak*.
He gives a divine message through his servant,
the pastor of his church, which is inspired by
the Iloly Spirit, and is merely giving utter
ance in the medium of language by tne man
of God. The church is a holy plnce.'for where
God is specially appointed to speak to his
Deople nothing should be introduced of a
nature to defile.— Rev. G. Hoyne, Lutheran
Eau Claire, Wis.
TRUE RELIGION.
We talk ol the Jewish religion and the Chriit
iau religion and the Mahommedan religion,
but religion in its essential spirit is one, and
its essence is love of God and love of man, and
that is the best religion which develops the
best people— the most just and kindly people,
caring for those interests that make for hu
man happiness.— Rev. E. L. Rexford, I'niversal
ist, Columbus, Ohio.
POVERTY AND WEALTH.
Earthly riches have their temptations, but
eartblv poverty has also. There is danger of
the rich man fixing his nffections on his pos
sessions, but there is denger of the poor mnn's
poverty becoming to him a snare. There is an
entrance afforded to heaven through Christ
Jesus to the rich as well as the poor, and to the
poor as well as the rich.— Kev. J. D. Hauds, Pres
byterian, Pittsburg. Pa.
The sneers about the inonltey Rncestry o(
evolution need not trouble us. It is more en
couraging to be a progressive ape who has
climbed to what we are ihaii a fallen angel go
ing the other way. W« a r e not a fallen race,
but a rising one; not a penal colony of con
demned criminal:!, but a familv of God's chil
dren taking our first lesson in life. —Rev. H. L.
Squires, Universalist, New York.
CHRISTIANS IN POLITICS.
We are now living in a dangerous condition.
It is impossible to bring up our children in a
pure and noble life. The atmosphere of the
city is impure, and it must be clarified by the
Christian voters. If you allow unprincipled
meu to frame the laws, and to make the city
dangerous for bringing up out daughters, it is
you as Christians that are responsible.— Rev.
A. J. Haupt, Lutheran, St. Paul, Minn.
SACKED WORK.
It is not the kind of work performed that
makes it sacred, but its quality and spirit.
Every Christian man has a divine call to do
the best work of which he is capable. A ser
mon may be preached as a mere piece of sala
ried proiessionalism, while a physician's pre
scription for the suffering poor may be as holy
in. the sight of the Heavenly Father as the
ministry of an angel.— Rev. G. Partridge, Bap
tist, Cincinnati, Ohio.
THROUGH CHRIST ALONE.
You who are depending upon priests and
confessionals, beaded prayers and pious prox
ies, liturgies and rituals, ordinances and cere
monies, creeds and crucifixes, hear it once and
for all that Jesus Christ is the sinner's only
high priest that avails before the throne of
God. Abandon every plan and pretense and
come 10 Christ and in him von shall have rest
lor your souls.— Rev. J. O. Rust, Baptist, Nash
ville, Tenn.
THE GOSPEL.
Preaching lathe abstract is a ijoor business.
A man who should try farming in the abstract
would raise no crops ; and he who can stand
before a congregation of immortal sools and
mouth platitudes and abstractions will enlist
few soldiers for the King, will secure few
saints for heaven. The gospel of Christ is a
plain message to plain people.— itev. W. H. G.
Temple, Congregationalism Seattle, Wash.
LK'.ISLATION.
To suppress the evil we must remove the
cause. There is only one way to destroy vicious
legislation, and that is to let the people legis
late for themselves by means of the referen
dum whenever they think themselves ag.
grieved. Direct legislation gives the direct
blow to bribery, for -there is no use to bribe the
lawmakers if the people can at any time upset
vicious legislation by an appeal to the ballot
box.—Rev. J. L. Scudder, Congregationalism
Jersey City, N. J.;
THE LAW.
This Is an age of machinery, of science, of
law. Law, we are told, governs everything.
We live by law, fall sick by law, are doctored
by law and arc pious by law. But law in real
ity cannot do anything. Law is as powerless
as an old wooden imuge. Foe what is. luw .' It
is the principle by which a thing acts; it is a
method r procedure. But, observe, somebody,
must proceed. There must- be a living agent
behind the law, fOT laws cannot make or exe
cute themselves.— Rev. W. C. Blakem.au, Meth
odist, Brooklyn. N Y.
THK SINS OF PARENTS.
We are not guilty of what Adam did. We
suffer for our parents' sins, bin we are guilty
only of our own. Whatever wroug our fathers
did arc our misfortune, not our crime. Ami,
instead of our being condemned at the bar jut
Hod for the sins of those from whom- we
sprang, trtose sins will plead for us, mute wis
iiesses of of our niisfortnne in being born of
parents neither wise nor strong; and (he more
sinful our ancestry the more leniently should
heaven judge of' our transgressions, for he
knows that the weakness, not the Iniquity, <>f
the father is visited upon his children,— Rev.
C.F. Henry, Universaiist, Cleveland, Ohio.
A Leeds Woman Who Aston
ished Her Friends and
Neighbors.
Near to Death, but Restored So Com.
pletely That She Has Been Ac
cepted by a Life Insurance
Company as a Good
Risk. ; ;
From the Journal, Leiciston, Me.
A bright little woman, rosy and fresh from
her household duties, dropped into a chair be
fore the writer and talked with enthusiasm
shining in her snapping, black eyes.
The people in the prettv village of Leeds
Center, Me., have watched with some interest
the restoration to complete health of Mrs. W.
L. Francis, wife of the postmaster. So general
were the comments on this interesting rasa
that the writer who visited Mrs. Francis and
learned from her that the statements regard
ing her troubles and her subsequent extrica
tion therefrom are entirely true. Ail of her
neighbors know what has been the agency
that has performed this cure, but that other's
may be benefited by her experience, Mrs.
Francis has consented to allow her story to ap
pear in print.
"If there is anything on earth 1 dread more '
than another," she suid, "it is to see my name
in t lu' papers. But in this case I conquer my
repugnance and give publicly the same credit
to the savior of my life as I would to one who
had dragged me from u death beneath the
waves. In fact, I have extolled my preserver
so enthusiastically and unreservedly; have
sought out sufferers and recommended the
remedy to so many friends and acquaintances
that already my neighbors jocularly call me
'Pink Pills Francis.' But really, my recovery
is something that I consider wonderful. "I
know thut there are so many testimonials of
medicine in the papers nowadays that people
do not pay as much heed as formerly, but I do
wish folks who are suffering would remember
that what I say comes right from the heart of
a woman who feels that she had a new lease of
happy life given to her.
"Eleven years ago I was afflicted with ner
vous prostration My existence until two
years ago was one of dragging misery. Any
one in the village will tell yon of my condi
tion. My blood seemed exhausted from my
veins and month after month I grew weaker.
I was able to undertake only the lightest
household work, and even then I could per
form It only by slow and careful movements.
During all these sorry months and years 1 was
under the care of this doctor and that, but
their medicines helped me only spasmodically,
and then I fell into relapses more prostrating
than ever.
"In the night I used to be awakened by the
most excruciating pains in my heart and'side,
and was obliged to use pellets of powerful
medicine that the doctor gave me for relief in
such attacks. At last my condition became so
grave that I went out only infrequently-. We
live upstairs, you notice, over my husband's
store, and in descending the stairway I fre
quently was obliged to sort of. fall and slide
over the steps in order to descend, such was
thesrrain on my system resulting from even
this slight exertion. Occasionally I visited
the neighbors, but I was obliged to'sit and rest
to recover breath wiiile ; ascending any-"eleva
tion. In short, it did not seem that I could
live, such was my complete physical prostra
tion;
"One day I saw an advertisement of Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and
although my faith in remedies was weak by
that time, 1 sent for a- box and tried them.
That Avas two rears ago. Now I call myself a
well woman. Isn't it wonderful?
"I haven't had one of those excruciating
pains in the heart for a year and a half. Why,
even the first box of pills helped me. lean
walk miles now; can do my work easilv; have
gained in weight constantly and you would
scarcely believe it, but a little while ago I was
examined for endowment life insurance and
was accepted unhesitatingly after a careful ex
amination by the physician.
•'Do you wonder that I'm shouting 'Pink
Pills' all through our village? I haven't taken
any of the Temedy for some months, for It has
completely built me up, but at the first sfgn of
trouble 1 know to what refuse to flee. .
"Last year iny aunt, Mrs. M. A. Blossom, of
IHxtield, P. O., was here visiting me. She was
suffering from lack of vitality and heart
trouble, but she was skeptical about my rem
edy that I wns so enthusiastically advocating.
At last, however, she tried it, and carried
some home with her when she went. A little
while ago I received a letter from her and In
it she said, 'I am cured, thanks to God and
Pink Pills.' She also wrote that her husband
had been prostrated, but had been restored by
the remedy.
"We feel up this way that such a sovereign
cure cannot be too widely known. That is the
only reason why I allow my name to be used
in this connection. I know also that by per
sonally recommending them I have helped
many pf my friends back to health, lor I never
let an opportunity pass when a word of coun
sel may direct some one."
One "of the persons to whom Mrs. Francis
recommended Pink Pills is Station Agent C.
H.Foster, of Leeds Center, and the reporter
found him patrolling the platform awaiting
the arrival of the morning train. Mr. Foster,
who is one of the most trustworthy, capable
and energetic men in the employ of the Maine
Central Railroad, appeared in unusually good
health and spirits, and we made inquiry as to
the cause.
"Do you know," replied he, "I think I've
made a discovery, or at ieast Mrs. Francis hag
for me. I have beon in poor health for a long
time with a heart trouble variously compli
cated. We have been so fully interested in
Mrs. Francis' wonderful recovery that I at once
determined to give the medicine recommended
a thorough test. So, about two months ago I
bought the first box of Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills. Only two months, please note, yet
already I am so much improved, so much bet
ter able to fulfill my duties, so sanguine that I
am on the road to recovery, that I feel like a
new man.
"I can now walk without the fatigue I once
experienced, my heart affection appears to be
relieved, and I have joined the Pink PilJa
Band in our community.
Mr. Foster commenced taking the pills at a
time when he was completely prostrated, after
he had suffered such a severe attack of heart
trouble that it was necessary to carry him
home from his office. Since then he has faith
fully adhered to the remedy and is cocstanly
improving, so much so as to excite his enthu
siasm and his gratitude.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to give
new life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are an unfailing
specific for such diseases as locomotor ataxia,
partial paralysis, St. Viius' dance, sciatica,
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache, the
after affect of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and sallow complexions, all forms
of weakness, either in male or female. Pink
Pills are sold by all dealers, or will be sent
post paid on receipt of price (50 cents a box or
six boxes for $2 50— they are never sold in
bulk or by the 100), by addressing Dr. Wil
liams' Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
910
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The wheelmen are certainly having
quite a monopoly oi sport. The race meets
at Santa Rosa, Oakland track and Central
Park will give athletes interested in cycling
an opportunity of judging the progress
that is being made by the new riders.
The Olympic Club Cyclers will hold a
race meet to-morrow over the San Carlos
and San Mateo course, weather permitting.
The oarsmen are training hard for the
El Campo regatta, which will bo held on
Decoration day.
Four clubs interested in trap shooting
will meet to-morrow at Oakland track.
• Lovers of rifle-shooting are discussing
° "the points aria merits of new targets.
Anglers have grown weary of the rainy
weather and are Iioping for better days.
Coursing enthusiasts will gather at In
gloside to-morrow to witness the inaugu.-.
ral opening of the new park.
The National Circuit Race Meet at
Santa. Rosa a Big: Attraction.
Most of the local wheelmen who can get
»way will attend the National Circuit
races at Santa Rosa to-day in conjunction
with the last day of the Rose Carnival.
There will be two trains this mornine—
one at 7:30 and one at 9 o'clock — and they
will return from Santa Rosa at 3:35 and
8 P. m. Naturally everybody will wait for
the last train, which will not get them
home until nearly midnight.
The principal attraction to-morrow is
the Olympic Cyclers' road race at San
Mateo, besides several runs of the local
ciubs to Camp Taylor, Centerviile and
other easy and interesting trips. The
touring season, is -hardly well on, as the
weatlier is too unsettled just at present,
and it will probably be a couple of weeks
before the club captains will commence
to announce regular runs. In the East
the practice is for- a captain to announce
in April or May all the inns of the season
— date, destination, etc. — and a member
can then figure his engagements well
ahead. 'This has never obtained here, for
the captains only announce runs from
week to week, and a club, member has no
idea whether .he is going to Peta
lum.a, "Walnut Creek or San Jose a
week henc». ' Perhaps this uncertainty is
desirable,. but 1 have thought- runs would
be attended if announced further in
advance than they now are — a few days or
a week. ■ A club member often receives a
postal notice of a run on Thursday or Fri
day morning, the run being called for the
approaching Sunday. It is more than
likely he has already planned his outing
for that day, and. the captain is thus short
one man'; and. this happens in a good
many instances.
Shall the amateur rider be allowed to
accept employment from the cycle manu
facturer und still be permitted to enjoy
his standing in the League of American
Wheelmen? This is the question Chair
man Gideon, .the balance of tbe Racing
Board and the Cycie Board of Trade are
asking themselves at the present moment.
Tne racing rules of 1895 are very mislead
ing! and more than one rider has come to
grief .through their misinterpretation.
They specify that all amateur riders in tbe
employ of manufacturers are eligible to
the class B ranks. This, of cour5e, relates
to 1895 only. Naturally a great many
voung men forsook their positions in cycle
factories on. the apprehension that they
would be transferred to class B, and still
these rules did. not specify that a racing
man shaU not'"be employed by a manu
facturer. The alternative was with the
racing board.
Now, from the tenor of certain argu
ments 'which have been advanced by
members of the Cycle Board of Trade,
there will be a delicate point to decide.
It is the opinion of well-known and in
fluential manufacturers that .the L. A. W.
snould impose no such rule on amateur
riders, they believing that a rule should
exist transferring amateurs . to profes
sionalism in case they are given privileees
only, such as time off for training, loan of
racing wheel, expenses, etc., not allowed
other employes of the factory. .The rules
now are that if an amateur is suspected of
violating the rule forbidding his racing as
an amateur while in the employ of a man
ufacturer, he will not only be transferred,
but will be suspended a3 well. Naturally
it behooves this class of riders to pay care
ful attention to the league mandates.
Still, it would seem that the league had
no right to choose a vocation for its ama
teurs any more than it has to forbid them
certain employments.
It may be stated right hare that the
National Cycle Board of Trade is not over
partial to professional racing, and it is
doubtful if the public will as willingly
support raving where there is a divisible
prize at s'ake. The league had an idea
once of giving solid gold Uricks as prizes
fully up to va4ue, and which could be dis
posed of at par, naturally, by tbe ama
teurs when tney decided to give up racing
or go into professionalism. It would be
one way pf establishing a semi-amateur
class and keeping it reasonably pure. To
day will witness the first bip professional
meet since the adoption of the new rules,
at Santa Rosa, where any number of crack
riders will compete. We will see how the
racers and the public will take to the in
, novation.
The California Cycling Club will have a
run to Centerville to-niorrow under Cap
tain Mayo. The start will be made on the
9 o'clock broad-Kuuge boat and the return
will r>3 via steamer from Alviso. Next
Monday evening the club will hold its
semi-annual election.
& J. and Joseph Sims of the Triangle
Wheelmen, formerly the Y. M. C. A.
Cycling Club, arc ii" well-known tandem
team oiten seen on the park or country
road. They' are both sturdy riders, and
can set a not pace when they care to, as
many a single rider has discovered after
having "tacked on" behind them.
Single pacemakers will be used to a con
siderable extent on the National circuit
this. season. There is an idea prevailing
among certain successful meet promoters
that if a man is taken from a race and
guaranteed a prize if he will set a stiff |
pace all tlie way, whether he wins or not,
there will be no difficulty in having the
races fast enough to suit the public. Sev
eral well-known professional riders who
will follow the circuit this year will do so
with this end in view, as they will at least
be certain of a nominal prize in every race
in which they compete.
The Olympic Cyclers are all in readiness
for their five-mile handicap road race over
the San Carlos course to-morrow. Most of
the men will go down on the 8:15 train
from Third and Townsend streets, while
those who do not compete will ride down
on their wheels. The race has been called
for noontime, sharp. The entrants 'names
were published exclusively in The Call
Thursday.
Road-racing is good training for riders
who wish to take to the track. It has
been proven on more than one occasion
that successful road riders have graduated
to the circuits with marked success. Eddie
Bald won his first race in.a road event at
Buffalo. Some o-f the fastest riders in the
West got their first experience in racing
by competing in some of the long-distance
road events held here annually. One of
the chief requisites for track-racing is en
durance, and once a writer gets that be has
little difficulty in developing speed. Dave
1 Shafer, the celebrated trainer, once told ,
the writer that it was the trainer, and not
! the rider, who made the racing man. He
said he -could tafce any ordinary road rider
who was strong and a good "plugger" or
"grinder" (terms which are purely cycular,
and mean one who can maintain a me- j
dium, but steady, pace for a long while)
and make a fast track man out of him. ! ,
He said that only an experienced and !
clever trainer could do this. I looked at I
him admiringly and have had an advanced .
opinion of Mr. Shafers training abilities ■
ever since.
The Liberty Cycling Club will have a
run to-morrow to Camp Taylor, under
Captain Beattie. J. Vanderbose, A. Mul
!er and E. Essting have been elected to
membership.
. R. M. Welch of the National Racine
Board has issued his bulletin for the week
as follows:
San Francisco, May 1, 1896.
Bulletin No. 9.
Sanctions granted— May 1, Fresno Jockey
Club, Fresno, Cal. , May 2, Pacific College
Athletic Association, Portland, Or.; May 16
Centerville Athletic Clnb, CentervilJe, Cal ;
May 23, independence A. A. Club, Independ
ence, Or.
Transferred to professional class— Allan N.
Jones, F. M. Byrne, San Francisco; at their
own request. J. E. Edwards, San Francisco,
under clause. 1.
Suspensions of Rudolph, Russ and Bonfiela
of Lowell High School for competing in un
sanctioned races terminated, it being shown
that they rode under the belief that all neces
sary authority had been obtained.
R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
There will not be nearly enough tan
dems this season to supply the demand,
and those who are contemplating getting
a two-seater had better place their orders
early. So pressed are the manufactories
now trying to supply the public with sin
gle wheels that few of them have had od-
I portunity to turn their attention to the
manufacture of tandems. From all over
the United States the demand for the
double machines has been universal. It is
the spirit of the times; the companionable
and easy-running tandem is the wheel of
the hour. But, as a well-known manu
facturer puts it, "We are head over heels
in work getting out the single wheels,
and, although our dies and gauges for tan
dem construction are ready, we cannot
take our workmen off their present labors
to build tandem machines. 1 ' Why? you
ask; I imagine it's because it is not as
profitable to sell one tandem as it is two
singles.
The postponed run of the San Francisco
Road Club will be held to-morrow to To
caloma, taking the 9:15 Sausalito boat, un
less ram again forces Captain Pixley to
postpone it. At the election of the club
- last Tuesday the following members were
chosen for the respective offices: Presi
dent. O. R. Sterling; vice-president, Ai
W. Wehe; financial secretary, Max Mayer;
recording secretary, William Macfessel;
treasurer, Samuel Hoffman; serjeant-at
arms, L. Schoenfield; captain, W. I. Pix
ley. The captain will appoint his own
j lieutenants and wiU probably retain those
who are now serving him — J. Lewis and
A. Giimore. The club has two new tan
dem teams— G. Cotton and H. Zimmerly
and Ralph Robinson and Bob McClunie.
A new wheeling paper, to be known as
The Cycling World, is about to be launched
at San Jose by I. Percy Mills.
The A la me< la Cyclers will have a club
run to Centerville to-morrow under Cap
tain Dodd, and a iaree crowd is expected
to go down and enjoy one of Mr. Gregory's
celebrated wheelmen's dinners.
Captain W. B. Fawcett hao called a run
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen for to-day
to Santa Rosa, and the members will turn
out in full utuform. in the endeavor to
win the cup offered by the Rose Carnival
Association for the club making the best
appearance in the floral parade there to
day. They will take the 7:30 a. m. Tibu
ron boat, returning on the train which
leaves Santa Rosa at 8 p. m. Their head
quarters will be at Byington's Hall, which
has been secured and tastefully decorated,
and here the wheelmen will keep open
! house all day and receive their friends.
President Adams. Lieutenants Berges and
Plagemann, and other handsome members
of the club, wifl assist Captain Fawcett in
receiving and entertaining the visitors.
Chairman Gideon of the National Racing
Board has announced the complete Na
tional racing circuit as follows:
May— Oakland, Cal., 1: Santa Rosa, 2; San
Jose, 9; San Francisco, 16; Santa Monica, 23;
Phoenix, Ariz., 30. June— Tucson, Ariz., 1; El
Paso, Tex., 3: San Antonio, Tex., 6; Laredo,
Tex., 8; Houston, Tex., 10; New Orleans, La.,
13; Little Rock, Ark., 16; St. Louis, Mo., 20;
Kansas City, Mo., 23; Peoria, 111., 25, 26, 27.
July— Galesburg, 111., 1; Davenport, Iowa,
2; Milwaukee, Wis., 4; Superior, Wis., 6; i
Appleton, Wifl., 9; Chicatro, 111., 11; Bat
tle Creek, Mich., 14; Detroit, Mich., 17.
18: Toledo, Ohio, 21, 22; Lima, Ohio,
25; Springfield, Ohio, 28. August— Dayton,
OJue, 1; Nashville, Tenn., 3; Evansville,
Ind., 5; Cincinnati, Ohio, 7, 8: Louisville,
Ky., 10 to 15; Erie, Pa., 18; Niagara Falls, N.
Y., 20; Rochester. N. Y., 22; Little Falls, N.
Y., 25. September— Springfield, Mass., 1. 2, 3;
Waltham, Masa., 5; Boston, Mass.. 7; Keene,
N. H., 9; Bridgeport, Conn., 12; Meriden,
Conn., 15; New i'ork City, 19; Brooklyn, N.
Y., 12; Plaiufie.d. N. J.. 26. October—Tren
ton, N. J., 1; Philadelphia, Pa., 3; Heading,
Pa., 6; Wilkesbarre, Pa., 10; Washington, D.
C, 17.
New members of the Leapu* of Ameri
can Wheelmen should note that road
books will be sent to tbem only upon ap
plication to the secretarv-treasurer, Stan
ley G. Scovern, 1590 Fulton street, San
Francisco, and that the supply is nearly
exhausted.
The North California division of the
league continues to grow in membership,
and the increase during the few months of
Chief Consul Kerri°;airs regime has been
remarkable. 6paldi.no.
United States Marksmen Voting
for a Standard American
Target.
For years the question of adopting a
standard American target for rifle and
pistol shooting has been agitated. It is the
sense of the riflemen of America that a
standard measurement should be adopted.
The question is what target of the three
principal targets now before the public
shall be selected. These targets are Ger
man 25-% inch ring targets, the Standard
American and the new Columbia. A vote
was called for by Shooting and Fishing of
239 Broadway, New York, to get the sense
of the majority. This vote will be closed on
June 1, and the target getting the best in
dorsement as to merits will probably be
accepted as the standard.
The reason for this vote is apparent
when it is understood that the leading
riflemen of America indorsed the Columbia
target as soon as it made its appearance
last January. Among its earnest advo
cates are A. C. Gould, the recognized
authority on pistol and rifle shooting and
editor of Shooting and Fishing; H. M.
Pope, manufacturer of the famous Pope
target rifle, and at least a dozen of the
larger rifle and pistol clubs of the East.
On the Pacific Coast the large majority
of the best riflemen favor the Columbia
target not so much because it was origin
ated in San Francisco and is therefore an
article of home production, but because of
the simplicity of its count, the standard
measurement of its values and its adap
tation to the improvements and finer re
anirements of rifle and pistol shooting.
Accompanying this are sectional cuts of
the three targets the riflemen of the United
States are now voting upon.
Preparations are being made for a big
sweepstake rifle match, open to all, at the
Shell Mound range on Sunday, May 31.
This promises to bt* a meeting of the best
shots on the coast, for already W. Glinde
mann, F. 0. Young. A. Strecker, A. H.
Pape, Dr. L. O. Rodgers. D. W. McLaugh
lin and others have promised to partici
pate. It is probable that it will be a 50
shot event, with the first prize to go to
the one making the best ten shots, and
there will probably be two prizes on the
best and second best totals. The entrance
will be $5. and the match will be shot on
the Columbia target.
The newspaper men, riflemen and police
of the East are much interested in a mys
terious explosion that recently took place
at the residence of Major George E. Albee
of Westville, a suburb of New Haven, j
Major Albee is an inspector for the "Win
chester Arms Company, and is well known
to the riflemen of this coast. He acted as
entertainer to the team that went East to
the last big shooting tournament, aud he
spared neither time nor expense to make
tneir stay pleasant.
On the night of the 24th of April some
miscreant placed a dvnaruite bomb on the
front doorsteps, which shattered every
piece of glass in the house and did much
damage to the front of the building. For
tunately no one was injured. Major Al
bee is mystified, as he does not know of
any enemies he has who would resort to
such violent methods of revenge. Several
local riflemen who were recipients of his
hospitality have tent letters of sympathy
to the major.
A. H. Pape is looking for laurels as a
pistol-shot. His recent performances with
the pistol have led him to believe that he
is as good as the next. With this idea he
has arranged to shoot a 50-shot match for
$20 a side with Smith Carr, one of the best
pistol-shots on the coast. In a recent 100
shot match Carr beat, C. M. Daiss by 35
points, and he is the best revolver-shot in
the Police Department. The match will
take place to-morrow at the Shell Mound
range. Both men belong to the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club.
Some Hlarh-Class Doers That Will Be
Benched at the Pavilion.
Pecple who will have occasion to pass
within gun-shot range of the Mechanics'
Pavilion on Wednesday, the 6th inst., will
be reminded that something out of the
ordinary turn of affairs is going on within
that big structure indicating a howling
time for some pecple who do not object to
discord.
It will bs the opening day of the Pacific
Kennel Club's bench show and, according
to "articles of agreement entered into be
tween the owners of dogs and the officers
of the club," the canines that are to be ex
hibited must be in their respective depart
ments at 10 o'clock on the day oi the open
ing of the show.
First-class arrangements have been pro
vided for the comfort of the do^s while
on exhibition. The judge, who is to make
his second appearance at the pavilion in
the interest of dogdom, will arrive on
Mondav, and it goes without saying that
he will be surprised on learning of the
numbers of St. Bernards now owned by
local fanciers. When Mr. Mortimer
visited this City last the St. Bernards
were comparatively few, but those grand
dogs of the hospice had evidently many
friends and admirers among the fanciers
of this coast. They have sprung rapidly
into prominence, and to-day they vie
with pointers and setters — that is of
course numerically speaking.
The increase in the St. Bernard family
and the magnificent quality of dog that
is now represented on this coast is entirely
due to the untiring and energetic efforts
of the St. Bernam Club, the members of
which have spared neither time nor ex-
pense in procuring the best stock obtain
able from the kennels cf this country and
England.
The lovers of the fleet greyhound— and
they are many — have been slow in enter
ing dogs for this show. No doubt Judge
Mortimer will be disagreeably surprised
at seeing such a small entry of long tails,
but then when he will be informed that a
majority of the greyhounds here are
owned bv men of limited means, he may
reserve his opinion regarding the small
display which, truly speaking, does not
speak well for the greyhound interests of
this City and County.
The fox terriers will be very well repre
sented. Those handsome companions of
man have many admirers in this City, and
the stock has been vastly improved fey the
introduction of new blood from foreign
lands of late years.
A few weeks ago Dr. F. d' Evelyn pur
chased Dudley Stroller, whose winnings
in England and America stamp him as
being a topnotcber of the class be repre
sents. Stroller has won first at Brighton,
Waterford, Westbeach, Leicester, Wrei
ham and St. Helens— all English shows.
In this country the "beauty" has cap
tured firsts at New York, Detroit, Chicago
and Los Angeles. The Stroller is three
years old, fullof character, of fine head and
limb and magnificent body. He will prove
a great adjunct to the breeder! of the
coast.
Among the St. Bernards that will be on
exhibition Grand Master, the property of
Thomas H. Browne, is truly a magnificent
specimen. Tae present owner, who pur
t i j nim from the Aita kenneIs ? f
Toledo, Ohio, recently, is very proud of his
chyge. Grand Master is thirty-three
inches in height, weighs 185 pounds, and
in color he is tawny, with white markings
and black shading. He sports a grand
pedigree.
What the President of the Rod and
Gun Club States Regarding
Rods and Reels.
:e poor angler; he ia certainly having
a hard time of it. Between heavy storms,
turbulent rivers and a scarcity of trout,
the disciple of nice clean sport— such as
"summer" angling indisputably is— have
unquestionably a grievance. Bat better
days will come, and, in the language of the
thoroughbred fly-caster, sport is sDort only
when the fishes have grown fat and wise
an-l.know a pood thing when they see it.
les, the pleasure of angling has been
very materially interfered with this year
by a late winter. The streams that were
in first-class condition thin time a year
ago for flv fishing are now running high
and muddy and will not be in trim until
we have a spell of at least three weeks of
fine weather.
The trout are gloated, and those of them
that have remained in coast streams will
not need "refreshments" so long as there
are occasional freshets and an ample sup
ply of bottom food.
The rain of last Wednesday night,
which was-general in the northern counties,
caused "a rise" in many favorite streams,
which are now clearing off, and may be in
fairly good condition lor bait fishers to
morrow.
Charles Green, Jim Orndorff and a Mr.
Brown are leaking preparations for a trip
to Ten-mile River, near Fort Bragg.
Latest intelligence from there speaks very
well of the fishing to be bad in the streams
of Mendocino County.
Frank Dolliver is authority for the state
ment that on Sunday last, while he was
engaged in spooning for steelheads at the
mouth of the Paper-mill Greek, he hooked
a mrge striped bass, which broke loose
after a tight that lasted ten minutes.
As Mr. Dolliver is a member of the
Munchausen family of midwinter fisher
men, his words are generally accepted
with grains of salt guaranteed "to last' 1 on
all occasions.
The Question now causing much discus
sion among anrlers is relative to the posi
tion of the reel on light bamboo rods.
Some anglers contend that the reel should
be at least two and a half inches from the
butt, so as td give an angler an oppor
tunity of pressing the butt of the rod
against his side when handling a large
fish. The reel, as it is now placed on the
rod, is too near the butt to afford the
angler free and open play in reeling up
line after a fish has made a long iun. It
certainly places an angler in an awkward
position when he has to reel up several
yards of slack line after a fish has made a
long run and then doubles back in a re
turn run to the place of starting— that is,
when the angler has to hold the rod free
from his chest with the left hand and reei
up slack with the right.
Some anglers "yank TI in the slack by
pulling the line through the loops, but
only amateurs or "blacksmiths' 1 , will
resort to this system, as on a second run
of i he fish, which frequently happens, the
slack line is very liable to tangle in rocks,
or any other substance that the line may
catch after it is drawn through the loops.
The Call would be pleased to have the
views of anglers on this subject.
The following letter is from the presi
dent of the San Francisco Rod and Gun
Club. It is an individual opinion and
speaks for itself. No doubt there are many
other anglers who have different views.
We would be pleased to hear from all those
interested. The writer says:
San Francisco, May 1, 1896.
Mr. Editor— Dear Sir: At the last meeting of
the San Francisco Rod and Gun Club, the sub
ject of the proper placing of the reel teat on a
rod was discussed. Some advocated that the
reel should be directly at the butt, others that
it should be from 2 to 3 inches from the butt,
and still others that it should be from 6 to 8
incnes from the butt, and that while handling
a large fish it was the proper position to rest
the butt on the body.
My opinion in regard to the real teat is that
you have more control over the rod and fish
when the reel is near the butt, say two or
three inches, and that the rod has better
action than when the reel Is six or eight inches
from the butt, from the fact that the reel being
near the butt the rod is better balanced, and
you have better control over the fish.
On the other hand with the reel six or eight
inches from the butt you do not have control
over the fish as the portion of the rod below
the reel Is in the way and prevents the angler
from a free handling of the rod and at the
same time it necessitates the removal of your
elbow from your body, thus losing the help so
greatly needed when handling a laige fish;
again, having the reel eight inches or bo from
the Duttyou play the fish in a great measure
from the tip, and if not very carefully handled
the tip is liable to be broken and you invari
ably lose the fish, for the reason 'that your
rod is not correctly balanced.
I would like to say a few words in regard to
placing the butt of the rod against the body
while playing the fish.
I believe it is not the correct way of handling
a fish, although it is very much in vogue by
many of our expert anzlers. I frequently re
sort to it, for the reason that in handling a
large fish with a light rod it takes a much
longer time to kill the fish, and the wrist gets
tired, therefore when an opportunity occurs,
inch as a fish sulking, it is quite a rest to place
the butt against the body. There are a great
many anglers who have the same belief that I
have who do not resort to such methods and
play a fish from the time he is hooked until he
Is landed without ever allowing the rod to
touch the body. The strength in their wrist is
equal to the occasion. The' following is a case
in which I believe a member of the club saw
me place the butt of my rod against my body,
and when in the debate I opposed the body
rest, he reminded me of the instance which oc
curred on the Russian River while I was hand
ling nn 18}s>-pound steelhead on an 8-ounce rod.
As near a"s I can remember it occurred as
follows: After having hooked the fish, I im
mediately transferred the rod to my left hand,
reel upward, keeping my elbow close to my
side, tnus relieving in a great measure the
strain on my wrist. After having played the
fish for about thirty minutes, he went down to
the bottom and sulked. To relieve the wrist I
took hold of the rod with both hands, never
for a moment allowing the rod to lose its
original position, and while in this position I
placed the butt of the rod against my body.
The handling of the fish had tired me out; I
did not want to lose him, and while he sulked
I availed myself ot the opportunity of using
the body rest, but on no account would I use
the body rest while playing a fish.
In fishing for steelheads with such light rods
and tackle as are used nowadays by anglers
it would be simply ridiculous to use the oody
rest while playing a fish, as the utmost free
dom of action is necessary in the manipulation
of the rod w»en you have a large fish hooked.
James Watt.
Clubs That Will Burn Powder To-
Morrow Near Shell Mound.
The California Wing-shooting Club will
meet to-morrow at the Oakland tract.
The Olympic and Electric pun clubs will
meet al&o at the same place. Live birds
and inanimate targets will be shot at.
The Reliance Gun • Club will meet at
Alameda Point.
The Ukiah Sportsman's Club proposes to
stop the killing of game and fish out of
season. Several violators of the fish and
game laws have been apprehended and
convicted since the club organized, prov
ing that the sportsmen of Ukiah are made
of the rijibt timber. At a recent meeting
a committee was appointed to ascertain
and report for prosecution the names of all
persons who had killed deer since the close
of the season.
Tne secretary was authorized to pablish
in the papers of the county a notice offer
ing a reward for information leading to
the arrest and conviction of any person
offering for sale any trout less than six
inches in length.
Such clubs as this soon become a power
for good in the locality in which they are
situated, and a terror to the violators of
the game laws. Our game Jaws in the
main are good enough. We only need
active, resolute men, like the members of
this club, to enforce them.
It is said that the pheasants that were
liberated last season on several of the
ranches in Sania Clara and San Mateo
counties by Game Warden McKenzie are
doing well, and it is hoped that the resi
dents will do all in their power to protect
the birds.
Several canvasback and blue bill ducks
are still "holding down" the marshes.
The presence of these bitda at this late
season is an evidence jAt the winter
weather haa not yet passewBHay.
Oarsmen Training Hard for the El
Campo Aquatic Championship.
The rowing season of 1896 -will have an
auspicious opening at El CaiLpo on May
30 (Decoration day), when the South End
Rowing Club holds its annual champion
ship races under the sanction of the Pa
cific Athletic Association of the A. A. U.
of America.
Already the different rowing clubs on
both sides of the bay and at Stockton are
organizing and training their crews and
single-scullers in the hopes of capturing
the championship. The greatest activity
is being displayed by the Stockton Athletic
Association and the Olympic Club of San
Francisco. The Stocktons will enter a
crew in the junior tbur-oared barge race
and a representative in the single-scull.
The Olympic Club junior crew has already
been in training for the past two weeks at
the boathouse of the South Ends, under
the tutelage of Robert McArthur, captain
of the South Ends' senior crex. They are a
much heavier crew than the representa
tives of the winged "O" last year.
Jim McElroy rows stroke and is doing
remarkably well. He is not an altogether
new man with the oars, and will taKe but
little practice to develop into s perfect
stroke oar. The waist men are Sturdivant
and Morse. Percy Morse is the star half
back of last year's football team, and Stur
divant is an all-round strong man. "Mike"
Collins, the bow man, is a shot-putter and
hammer-thrower and also a long-distance
runuer. Taken all in all the crew is per
haps the strongest that the Olympic Club
could possibly muster together. The South
Ends' senior crew, present champions,
will represent the club as usual. They row
better than ever, and will need but little
training to put them into condition.
The junior crew of the Stocktons is
somewhat of a "dark horse." The crew is
made up entirely of new men, but reports
brought down by recent visitors to Stock
ton say that they row better than the
senior crew of last year. A. G. Brown will
undoubtedly represent Stockton in the
junior shell race. In a practice race a week
ago he easily defeated Giovanessi, last
year's junior champion.
St. Mary's College will be represented
in the junior race by the boys who covered
themselves with glory last year. They
are: Hugh Mclsaac, John Cooney, Peter
Soracco and Ed Hanlon. They commence
training on Oakland Creek Monday next
The Alamedas will enter a crew in tfa 8
senior race, but their greatest strong point
is the outrigger skin races. They will
have two first-class men in both races^.
junior and senior — and also an entry in
the senior single scull.
The University of California will also h«
represented in the skiff races. It is hopud
that they will also row in the senior race
against the South Ends' crew who won
from them on Lake Merritt February 22.
Another race between these crews would
be most exciting. The South Ends have
offered to loan the Berkeley boys the fouT
oared barge Blister to row on the day of
the race.
Ariel Rowing Club will enter both asenior and junior crew and also in the out
rigger skiff races. Henry Witkopf will
wear the club's colors in the senior single
ehell race.
The Dolphins are hard at work, and Cap
tain Patch is confident of winning at least
the junior barge race, if not everything in
eight. They enter crews in both the senior
and junior barge races and also in the skiff
races.
The South End Rowing Club will enter
in both the senior and junior barge races
and Frank Duplissea. the present cham
pion, and William McCausland in the
senior single-scull.
The races this year promise to be more
inteiosting and exciting than those of last
year. The crews are evenly tnatcbed, the
greatest friendly rivalry exists between the
clubs, and all are working together for a
great day's sport.
The Stocktons give a regatta on July 4 at
their city and another one perhaps in Sep
tember, so that the present year promises
to be the liveliest for the pas't ten years in
aquatic sports.
The committee having the El Campo
regatta in hand are: J. E. Scully, chair
man ; John D. Mahonev, secretary ; Joseph
P. O'Dey, treasurer; William J. O'Brien,
John A. Lenahan and A. J. Frtz.
The name of the referee will be an
nounced in about a week. It is the inten
tion of the committee to secure a man not
connected in nny manner with any of the
contesting clubs and one who is familiar
■with rowing.
Jim Corbett Failed to Stop a
Feather-weight Who Wore
the Protector.
Nose and ear protectors for football
players are quite necessary because of the
danger contestants frequently encounter
in a hot scrimmage when butting with the
head ; and not infrequently (kicks, which
are always looked upon as "accidental"
features of the game, happen to the best
of players.
Armor which v.*ill protect the body and
face of a pugilist from severe punishment
is the latest thing introduced in the East
by some enterprising individual who
hop'-s to make some capital out of the in
vention.
But it will never prove successful be
cause it is bound to rob the game of fisti-
cuffs of its prime features, without which
boxing would quickly fall into desuetude.
The boxer depends upon his quickness
and knowledge of the pa me to defend him
self from tbe attacks of an opponent. He
does not resort to butting and kickine as a
means of disabling his antagonist, and by
having his fists encased in large gloves
the element of danger accruing from a
blow in face or body is materially less
ened. Of course there is an element of
danger in all athletic games, but boxing
as it is conducted at the present day and
under the rules introduced some years ago
by the Marquis of Queensberry is not by
any means the brutal sport that some
people attest.
Apropos of the fighter's armor this is
what Joseph Donovan of the New York
Sun says relative to the new invention:
Something over a week ago Jim Corbet t vol
unteered to test the Btrength of his blows
against a man accoutered in a recently in
vented armor for boxers. Amateur Boxer
Boyd Frazifr of Chicago pulled on the device
for deadening .knockout raps, while Corbett
thrashed into him for a long round of about
five minutes without getting nirn groggy, and
is the man in the armor is only a feather*
weight the test proved the thing more than
equal to what It was intended to be. Heavy
weights and feather are not In the habit of
milling, so if the little man had been put out
it would not have proved the impracticability
of the arrangement as between men of the
name weight class, and it is safe to say that
men so matched, or where one is considerably
the heavier and stronger, can fight to a iinish
without a knockout or the shedding of blood.
It would be a matter altogether of activity, en
durance and boxing science, with punishment
left out, but not the hard-hitting part. It ia
more practicable to armor for boxing than for
football playing, because in the latter the en
tire body has to be protected from the attacks
ol feet as well as fists, with often several oppo
nents against one, while in boxing there is
hitting above the belt only and with padded
bands.
In the padded jacket and hood, immediately
over the various places a man might get a
knockout If the armor were not there, electric
contact points are imbedded; fine wires, also
imbedded, leaa away to a register and sharp
clicking bell, which are pocketea on the back
of the boxer. When a blow is driven in with
sufficient force the electric points, which are
held apart by coils of rubber or other means,
are compressed and form a circuit, registering
1 and clicking the bell on the sparrer's back.
After the bout is finished each contestant has
a record of the number of stiff blows he has
received marked on the register— that is, such
blows as would be liable to 6tun him or put
him out, if he did not have on the armor.
Draws and wrangles as to the winner can be
counted out; the cleaner and haraer hitter,
and the man with the better judgment tn pick
ing out vulnerable coints for attack, must
have a record of his superiority on the other's
back.
When Jim Corbett tried out the armor fn
Chicago an account of it was telegraphed
broadcast. The accompanying pictures, taken
irom photographs of the device soon after the
go, are the first that have been published.
The Game Booming in Australia.
Women Cricketers In the East.
Tne greatest activity in the cricicet
world is evinced just now in Australia.
The inter-colonial contest, South Austra
lia vs. New bouth Wales, was the first
event to arouse general interest. It lasted
a full live days. It attracted an average
of 12,000 spectators, and resulted in a vic
tory for New South Wales by nine wicketa.
The following are the scores:
South Australia— First inning*, 400; sec
ond innings, 200.
New South Wales — First innings, 428;
second innings, 173.
Then followed the test match between
the Australia eleven and the next eleven
of Australia. It resulted in an easy win
for the former, and its chief feature was
the bowling of Jonea (Australia), who
took five wickets for thirty runs.
Tne new woman is going to be promi
nent on the cricket field as elsewhere. At
Staten Island there are two teams — the
Livingstons, captained bv Miss Marion
Bruce Heineken, and the llichmonds, cap
tainted by Miss McNamee.
Of the 300 members of the ladies' club,
twenty-four play cricket.
As to their instructor, they have been
coached by Lohmann, a professional. He
is a brother of Lohmann of Surrey, Eng
land, who is noted as being one of the best
all-round cricketers in the world.
The usual two-pound four-ounce bat is
used, and the regulation five and three
quarter ounce ball. In connection with
helding, the pirls have attained a remark
able degree of efficiency in throwing the
ball, which is really a new accomplish
ment, for woman's lack of skill in this di
rection dates from time immemorial, but
at Btaten Island the unwary batswoman
who ventures far from her wicket is apt
to be caught napping by a well-directed
and accurate throw-in of the ball by a fair
fielder.
Tiie matches for the "Hunter Harrison
■cup," scheduled for to-morrow, are: Pa
cifies vs. Bohemians at Alameda, and Aia
medana vs. Californians at Golden Gate.
Iso coursing will be held at Ocean View
park to-morrow, &a the management de
sires to attend the opening of the new
Ingleside park.
On the succeeding Sunday, May 10, a
32-dog stake, at $1 50 entrance, in which
some of the best dogs in the City will be
entered, will be run.
On May 24 a grand sapling stake, the
first of the year, will be held at Ocean View
pars, the entrance for which will be $2 50.
On £he same day an all-aged stake, at $2 50
entrance with $25 added, will be decided.
The entries for to-morrow's coursing at
Ingleside are as follows:
Dillon & Reilly's Lady Fitzgerald, H. De
vine's Governor Markham, W. IV Murphy's
Fireman (late Collage Boy), Robinson & Pey
ton's Diana, Roliinson <& Pevton'8 Master Glen
kirk, P. Ryan's Magpie. W. Dal ton's Eileen, J.
H. Rosseter's San Joaquin, T. Butler's Susie, P.
Tiernan's Tom Hayes, Dillon <fe Reiily 's EcliDBe,
J. Leggerson's White Chief, J. Moran's Uncle
Sam, J. J. Larkey's Spinaway, T. J. Cronin's
Dottie Dimple. James Sullivan's Little
Tom, J. H. Roseeter's Kitty Scott, D.
Burfeind's Trix, C. C. Griswoid's Great
Scott, J. G. Haggerty's Magnet, E.
S. Portal's Laurelwood, S- Christophers
Cloverleaf, H. Devine's Eva S, K. Traynor's
Fiashiight, Robinson <t Peyton's Fear Not T.
J. Crouin's Reliance, M. W. Kerrigan's 8t.
Lawrence, W. Dalton's Napoleon Jack, J.
Quane's Captain Morse, W. Clancy's Georgie
Dixon, T. J. Cronin's Skyoall, J. H. Rosseter's
Arapahoe, Robinson & Peyton's Royal Buck
N. Rogers' Sly Boy, J. F. Grace's, Nellie Conroy
Robinson & Peyton's Kirk Glen, T. Breslehan's
Dublin Stout, Villa kennel's Electric, J. Dean's
Livingston, G. W. Rudolph's King Carlo, J R
Dfckson's Camilla, Villa kennel's Maud G, T.'
McDonald's Lissack, M. Traynor's Valley Maid
Dillon &. Rielly's Queen B.
An Agent's Ingenious Method of
Tallying a Reluctant
Herd.
How the Opponents of John F. More
Got Evidence Against His
Management.
The More estate was before Judge
Coffey yesterday, the proceedings being
an attempt to oust John F. More from the
position of executor' of the estate. But
the testimony of a Mr. fcherman, who was
sent down to Catalina Island to count the
cattle, was of much more interest than the
main case.
Sherman was sent to the island to 6ee if
there was nearly 40,000 head of sheep and
cattle. He arrived unannounced, but his
reception was cooler than a blizzard
John F. More met him near the landing
and ordered Him off the face of that piece
of earth, but as the boat had already left
he could not return, even if he would.
Then he was told he could sleep where he
pleased, for the island host bad seen his
blankets among his baggage, and Sherman
chose a nalf-filied hay barn and was rea
sonably comfortable.
More would not let him count the cattle,
but he was willing to show them to him,
and accordingly the herds were paraded
before him. Bat Sherman had become
j world-wise in his day. in bis Docket he
had a register like a pedometer, and every
time an animal from the herd scurried
past him, Sherman's pocketed hand
scored one on the ticker, and Sherman
was happy.
He left the island with no record but a
bunch of wheels in a nickel case, but the
wheels showed there were not 40,000 bead
on the island, and this information was
eaeerlv received by the people who want
John P. More to come home and not dally
with estates and herds.
Professor TTenzell Has Finished His
Labors and Will Report To-Day.
Professor Wenzell, the chemist of the
Board of Health, has completed his exam
ination of canned fruits submitted to him
for.anal/sis to determine whether preserv
aline is used to keep the goods while
awaiting sales, and will render his report
to the board to-day.
He declines to make public the results
of his investipations beyond stating that
he has found that to a certain extent the
prohibited material has been used.
The result of his investigation will be
presented to the board in tabulated form,
and should the showing be sufficiently
strong to warrant the health authorities to
prohibit the sale of the goods this course
will be pursued.
Just received— 100 gross Paper Pencils. The
trade supplied. Eanborn, Vail <fc Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
Starting at Even Money, He
Was Away Poorly and
Finished Fifth.
SAX MATEO A PROMISING COLT.
Tiberius Was First at 10 to i— G. B.
Morris a Handy Winner—Yan
kee Doodle in Form.
The royally bred and highly tried
youngster Orestes, son of Ormonde and
Kissing Crust, again met with defeat at
Ingleside yesterday. He started one of a
field of eleven two-year-olds and was sent
to the post an even-money choice, backed
down from 3 to 2. The youngster was un
fortunate from the outset, being crossed
and shut off as the barrier shot in the
air, and virtually had no chance of winning
had he been a Domino. And, Dy the way,
the winner of the dash, a slashing brown
colt named San Mateo, who claims as his
sire the renowned Salvator, and sports
Walter Hobart's colors, appears to be a
very likely youug feilow himself. He car
ried 113 pounds, and stable money cut his
odds from 6 to 4 to 1. The brown one cele-
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter r.eetinjj. Ingleslde Track. Seventy-fourth day, Friday,
rtayl,lS96. Weather threatening. Track good.
I I 1 n FIKBT KACE— Four Iurlon?s; maiden two-year-olds; allowances; purae $400.
Index. Horse, weight. Su hi V% *A K ' r - Fln - Jockeys. op?"'"*'!.
San Mateo 113 1 14 16 13 rryee B 4
1015 TheKoman 106 3 22 '-'8 2 10 W. FJynn 16 25
10H9 Tortoise 113 2 34 32 31 Shields 7 JO
862 Vencedor 118 4 4a 42 43 Thompson 8 10
995 Orestes 106 8 8 3 6 6 4 PigKOtt 3-2 9-5
1093 Viktnjr 115 9 9 8 62 M. Bergeu 8 7
1089 Wioland 1U6 5 72 7 73 Casey 25 70
1068 CouslnJoe 106 : 10| 62 B 83 Peoples 80 100
1008 Gratis 106 1 6 10 9 9 3 a I. Johnson 30 100
Altamax HSill 11 10 110 50 (Walker 4 5
823 iThe Kid 103, 7 Bh 11 111 iQlorn 30 16
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner. W. S. Hobart's b. c, by Salvator-Oris. Time, :49.
1 -j -i Q «KCOSD RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; ihree-year-olds and upward; condl-
J-JL1O. tious; purse $400. |
Index. Home, age, weight. St. 8td. V* Va Z A Sir. Fin- I Jockeys. op^ eU ' n ci.
(1001) I G. B. Morris, 4.. ..116 ~TU 2 2 1 2 i£ 2 i* 2 2 111 iCochran 4 8-6
1070 I Scimitar. 3 -102 3 Id 6 3h 3 V_ 34 _2 McClafn 2 16-6
1102 IKelle Boyd, 3 94 IMS 12 1 i/fc In lh 31 IBeauchamp 8 4
1070 Faros, 3 99 4 5^ 6 }_ 44 46 45 45 Johnson 2 7-2
1094 Uncle Giles, 3... .115 2!2h 31 6 6 51 56 PlRgott. 6 6
1102 Lncretia Borgia. 3 94 6 3h 42 16 1 \b 1 6 6 Butler. 15 60
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. c, by Longfellow-Beluga. Time,
2 :10i/g.
■j-i-14 THIRD RACE— One mile; tnree-year-olds and upward: allowances purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. Bt. 14 Vt % Str. Fin. Jockeys. op. eUln ci.
' (474) Joan. 3 96 1 11 IV. 13 13 llV*;Pi§cgott 3-5 2-5
1001 Perseus. 3 BH 3 3h 31 315 310 2n Frawley 2 4
1056 Instigator, 3 861 2 2 iy 2 2 3 2 1 2h 8 20 Butler. 6 5
1099 :Po!aski, 6 1M] 4 4 4 4 4 4 Rowan 10 12
Stnrting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, 1* Ezell's cb. f., by St. Carlo-Bagatelle. Time,
1:423.4. _
1 -1 -1 r 10URTH RACE— Five furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse $100.
Index. Korse, age, weight. St. % 6/ 8 s_ str. Fin. Jockeys. o£ eUln _i.
1016 Ip. Santa Bella. 3.105 5 62 32 32 lh Fijssott 3 6-2
(1H24) |Wm. Pinkerton.3. 95 2 21 22 lh 2 1 Mclntyire-. 6-6 7-6
1014 IMobalaaca, 3 95 6 6 6 1 4 3 3 Cochran 2 2
1112 Perhaps, 3 95 1 lh lh 21 41 Johnson 20 30
(1032) , Gold Buk, a 112 S 4h 4^ 6 5 10 Williams 30 40
987 jsylvla, 3 93 4 3 1 6 ($ 6 Smith |10Q 300
Startinr-gate used. Won driving. Winner, W. O'B. Macdonough's imp. b. f., by 8U Serf-imp.
Maiden Belle. Time, 1 :0134.
I I I p FIPTU RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; eruditions; purse $100.
IndPi. Horse, age, weight. St. V_ V* '/?* Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op! eCUn ci.
10?9 Tiberius, S 98 6 11 1 Va 11 lh Bntler 5 8
1099 Ip.Fullert.I*ass,5.105 8 2 141 21 2 V_ 2 lVfe Snider 8 10
1105 Crawford. 5 107 1 hh 8h 4 2 3h M. Bptgen 6 6
1104 Oregon Eclipse,*. Ill 8 4V« 62 52 41 C.Sloan. 3 13-2
1052 Hunuman. a.... 107 2 6^5 73 73 6 Vfe H.Martin 10 20
1104 Klmer F, 5 J09 9 8^ 61 6 V a 63 shields 11-10 9-10
1072 iMnviile, a. 107 4 7 Va 81 H • 76 Johnson 15 40
107V HyDy.a 197 7 6^ 4b S i/_ 88 Coady 10 10
1045 lGeorgeC.3 93i 6 9 9 9 9 iSmith 40 200
Rtartinc-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's b. p., by imp. Brutus-Sway,
back. Time, 1:16.
1117 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse. * 400.
Index. 1 Horse, age, weight. St. V4 I % Sir. Fi°. | Jockeys. O p. e " ln c"l.
" 10lT Yankee Doodle.3104 3 4 3 6 4^ 1 l^jcoady ~~2 fr5
1043 Major Cook, 4.... 107 2 3 V a 2h 1 V_ 22 Hhields 1 7.5
1014 (;all»nt,4 108 5 6 4 V, 6 32 Macklln 10 15
1095 Howard, 5 Ill 4 1 2 Va lh 21 43 Rowan 8 10
1057 LevenaC, 6, 107 1| 1 V» » 2 3 V» 6 H.Martin 6 8
Starting-gate used. Woo driving. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. c, by Prince Royal-Manzanlta.
Time, 1 :16Via.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
Tr rue** where the torses have r.o record at the distance to be rua the records at ths □•xtnearast
distance are riven.
A LLreviatloos— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mll«: I, fnrlom: •, aboat.
FIRST RACE— Ha'f amlle; maiden two-year-old fillies.
Best
Index. Name. Lbs record. Cist. Lbs Tic. Owner. Pedigree.
Maraqnita 110
1089 Claudia F 108 ('. Barron. Flamtieau-Preclons
1109 Rosa Matcntu.. 103... Antrim stable Ip. Mariner-Rosa Bella filly
1093 Sharon Lass 103 C. L. McDonald ... Tyraut-Dalanshire Lass
MaryTobm 110
:.. Destra.. j 1 10 .'
3089 Sister Modred.. 103 California stable... Ip.SrModred-sts J.Don«tlas3
1101 Lady H erst i 103 Wm. Napier limp. Martenhurst-Cbeerful
Bohemian Lass.; 110 1 '..
1008 Rebekah 110 L. M. Appleby Imp. Merriwa-Ralndrop
Laura Burl 110 ;.... ....';
1051 Jerllderlo 103 W.Earp... Kathbone-Miss Melbourne"
Miss Glpncola.. 10» ..
887 Khasta Water... 110 Burns*Waterbouse Imp. Maxim-Tyranny
960 Lovelight 103 W. (S. llobart i Racine-Imp. Flirt
1060 Dlabllta 110 Nevada stable Joe Hooker-Oxllla ' .
Irene ally HO ,
SECOND RACE— furlongs: handicap.
Best i '■ ~~ ~~~~ ■———__
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1096) Ferrier 125 1:31% 7f 166 Fa. W. S. Hobart Falsetto-Imp. Cinderella
1108 All Over 108 1:30% 7f 111 H.. 8. C. Hlldreth ." Hanover-Deceit
1108 St. Lee 96;l:47Vfc 1 l-16m 98 F.. Is. C. Ulldreth Imp. 8t. George-Levee
1108 Olive...... 100 1:2854 71 98 F.. | E. Corrlgan Apache- Virile
(1091) Chartreuse II... 99 1:27% 7f 101 F..IJ. C. Humphrey... Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zaro
2083 Sweet Favordle 97 |Burn»*Waterhousc Imi>.Favordale-8weetHome
1016 Sam Leake 1:29% 7f 108 F.. A. B. Spreckels .... Imp. Darebln-Carrte U
1004 Peter II......... 94 1;42y&lm 108 F.. Elm wood stck farm Imp. Brutus-Bonnie Jean
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles: selling. " '
I Best ~ "j ; I ~ •.'■.•:.• -■-.; - . ...... .: ■ ".
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tic. Owner. Pedigree.
1065 Sir Reel 105 ........ ............ .... Almont stable Alta-Dlzey Blonde ~
1085 Trlx.... 102 1:85 iy. m 105 F... F. Brown Freeman-Annie L
1072 Wawona :. 108 1:54 life m 96 V... Mokelumne stk fm Imp. Sir Modred-Typhoo*
1103 Articns.... 105:1:66 iy 8 m 99 Fa. W. C. Vlvell Argyle-Glenloch
1065 All Rmolce 96 L.Stephens... Imp. Silk Gown-Ordnance
283 Sylvester. 98 W. P. Randall...... Sftlvator.Mabel uranance
3088 £ an *? dene 100 W. Earp Imp. Greenback- Victoria,
103B Don Caesar...... 104.! 1:42% 1 m 96 F... Elmwood stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Bessie
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; hurdles; handicap.
'■ Best | : : I '. ' ~~ " T~ : : — -—
Index. Name. Lbs Record Dist. Lbs Tk.' Owner. Pedigree.
(1110) Moutalvo....... 150 1:49 13-16m 149 FaT L. Knell Sid-May Belle " ~~
1110 Silverado.. 139 2:16% \8-16m 184 H.. E. Corrlgan Rntherford-Josie C
(1082) Col WeJghtman 1383:0^ |lVi»m 126 H.. A. O. Blakely ...... Warfellow-Lesse V
1062 Kspera'nce 130 2:49 l%in 124 F.i^lT. A. Tobln Alta-MotherHub6ard
1088 Ravine........; il27norec.| ...T)B. Levy........ .. Revellle-Mena
FIFTH RACE-81x furlongs; selling. ~~
— _ __ __ _ . __ __ _ _ —^_
I Best I i j ' —
Index. ... Name. ! Lbs record. Blst. Lbs Tk. Owner. - Pedigree.
712 Orbltt ......... Ill j. Brenoclc Oneko- Flotilla ■ '
248 Venus. 107 Oakland stable...... Verano-Bellnda
989 Podlga... 1111:20 6f 101 H.. A. B«rry Powhattan-Cadljra
........ MinnielH 96 no rec .... Phcer-lx stable Red Iron-Miss Metford
712 Jull»O.. ........ 107 1:19 61 96 H.. D. A. Honlg OutcaRt-Melva -
932 Sen. Hoffman.. 100 D. J. Tobin..... Imp. Inverness- Dorer
1017. Tobey. 109 1:10 5%* 100 Fa. W. G. Hluton Imp. Greenbock-Una
719 Candid.......... 109 1:44V* lm 98 11.. I A. B. Spreckels..... Splendor-Canary
1105 | Wand.Nunof A 109 La Siesta stk farm. Argyie-imp. Janet N
1107 Warrago. ....... 109 1:40% lm 101 F... Garden City stable. Warwlck-Fedalma
493 Jennie W....... 109 1:15 6f 107 F.. Q *. Sanders. Bonnie Ban-Felicltle
1106 Yncaianll | ; 95 no rec. J. F. Grady. Imp. Inverness-
Commission.... i 111 White & Clarke.... Imp. Saxon-Louise T
1020 AblP ,109 1:01% 6f 109 F... G. Pacheco Three Cheers-Dairy Maid
1086 Sleeping Child.. 1 109 1:14 |*6f 109 F... ! W. D. Kandall...... Ip. Child of Mist-Erin Go Br
SIXTH RACK-Six furlongs; selling. . ■ ' ~] " ' ~
" • ■■ . . T "7; • I Best ~~. i ' '. ~ .,.--. ~~~ TT— .
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlsu [Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1097 Heartsease.'..... 95 1:14% ' 6 f- 101 • F.. J. C. Humphrey.... I Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extras
. 1099 Ida Bauer. 105 1:19 »6 f 100 H.. G. L. Bell...;..:.... Joe Ho6ker-ldaO'Nen
(1049) LaMBSCOtta.... 103 l:08V 4 j PV« * 90 .!j^G. Follansbee.... Imp. San Simeon-Maria B"
(1107)|Knolno 98 1:1714 6f 96 Fa. E^cino stable ...... Imp. Brutus-Mar D
(3019) Alvero. 95 1:17 6f 95 Fa. W. B. Sink .......;. Gano-LUlita
; (1106) Goodwin II.... ; 112 1:16% 6 f 106 Fa. Bnrns*Waterhou3e Imp. Ill TJsed-IJttle Ran..
439 Cant Dance.;... 10J|l:32^ 71 101 1 H. .1 E. Corrigan.. ....;.. | LongfeUow^qaaVe iSScT
brated his public debut by leading from
the jump and passed the wire the
easiest sort of a winner over the 25 to 1
6hot The Roman, reeling off the four
furlonesinO:49 fiat. OreBtes, the favor
ite, came with a great showing of speed
the last part of the route, finishing fifth.
The racing was not characterized by
anything out of the ordinary groove.
Favorites succeeded in making a stand-off
with less favored ones in the betting, tak
ing three of the events on the card, and as
all of the winning horses received more or
less support, with the exception of the 10
to 1 shot, Tiberius, who captured the fifth
race, the talent fared well.
The Corrigan colors were carried to Rood
advantage in the mile and a quarter race,
decided under selling conditions, by G. B.
Morris. Tbe Longfellow colt appears to be
in fine fettle just at present, and there was
such a stiff play on him that the ring soon
rubbed his price from 4'£ to 1 to 8 to 5,
making him post favorite. He trailed
along behind Belle Boyd until squared
away for the wire, when he took the lead,
and ridden out beat Scimitar, on which
McClain was tardy in making his move, a
length at the finishing post in 2:10V£.
There seemed to be nothing in the third
event, a mile run, quite in Joan's class
with Adolph Spreckela scratched, and 1 to
j 2 was eagerly accepted by the big betters.
■ The filly led'throughout, passing the stand
in a romp, with Perseus capturing the
place in a hard drive with Instigator.
A. good thing went astray in the next
race, a five-furlong selling scramble, for
three-year-olds and upward. There were
six starters, and William Pinkerton opened
a prime 6 to 5 favorite, soon being played
down to 11 to 10 and evens. Later on
heavy play on Mobaiasca, cutting ner odds
from 1\i to 2, sent the price of Pinkerton
back to 7 to 5. Just before post time, a
plunge was made on imp. Santa Bella,
bending her price down from 3 to 2\i. The
outsider, Perhaps, and the first choice
I raced heads apart, until well into the
stretch. PiggoU then began urging Santa
Bella, who was third, and gradually tak
ing the measure of Pinkerton, beat him a
head at the wire. Mobalasca, poorly
handled by Cochran, came fast at the end,
finishing a close third.
The heavily-played 9 to 10 favorite El
mer F was unfortunate in getting away
slowly, when the gate sent the field away
in the fifth run, and ended up back in the
bunch. In a driving finish Tommy But
ler managed to get the 10 to 1 outsider
Tiberius past the wire a nose before ij'ul
lerton Lass. Crawford, with Bergen up,
was third.
The Cambridge stable's fast sprinter
Yankee Doodle again showed some of his
old winning form in the concluding raee
on the card over six furlongs. Opening at
twos he was played down to 6 to 5 favor
itism, while Major Cook, wno at first had
even money laid against him, went back
to 7 to 5. Coady on the Doodle horse,
trailed along in fourth and fifth position
until below the furlong pole from home,
when he set sail and overtaking Major
Cook, on which Shields was busily en
gaged watching Gallant, headed him out
a length and a half passing the judges.
Gallant ran a remarkably good race, fin
ishing third.
Track and Paddock Items.
Thomas II. Williams Jr. will leave for
an extended trip through the East and
Europe on May 5.
The Bohemian stable's promising two
year-old Rastus. succumbed to an attack
of blood poisoning yesterday, caused by
an injury to one of his hocks, through
striking himself, after working four fur
longs in 48 seconds with 120 pounds in the
saddle. The youngster was a chestnut
roan colt by Flambeau, dam Maggie R,
and was originally named Mike Murphy,
being a half brother to those fast sprint
ers, Tim and Pat Murphy. He was
trained by Mat Storm.
Walter Hobart, the wealthy youne
turfman, was much elated over the win of
his two-year-old San Mateo, and Mr. Mac
donough was equally crestfallen over the
defeat of Orestes. As a result, the two
youngsters will meet in a match race to be
decided at Ingleside on "Wednesday of The
coming week. The conditions call for a
race at four and a half furlongs, each colt
to carry 118 pounds, for $1000 a side, and
the Pacitic Coast Jockey Club will add
$1000 additional. The match has created
great interest among horsemen.
The City's Novel Suit Against
the Pacific Postal Com
pany.
First Suit of Its Kind Since the
Adoption of (he New Con
stitution.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May L )
City Attorney Peirsol will begin a civil
suit in the Police Court to-morrow to re
cover from the Pacific Postal Company the
amount of the tax levy by city ordinance
upon their poles in this city.
This suit will be something of a novelty
in Police Court procedure, as it will be
the first civil suit filed in the Police Court
here since the new constitution was
adopted in 1879. The records of the court
show that prior to that time it was cus
tomary for the city to brine suits for the
recovery of taxes in the Police -Court.
There is no question but what the Police
Court has jurisdiction in civil actions
brnntrht for the infraction of ordinances,
as both the Whitney act, under which the
court is organized, and the code provide
that the court shall have such jurisdiction
in cither criminal or civil actions brought
to enforce city ordinances.
The action against the Postal Company
is only a test one, and will be followed np
by others against the other telegraph com
pany and the telephone company, if the
ordinance imposing a ground rental of
$2 50 per pole is found to be valid. The
amount sued for against the Postal Com
pany is $270, which includes the tax on
ninety poles and 50 cents additional pen
alty for not paying the tax according to
terms of the ordinance.
Paine's Celery Compound, the Great
Spring Remedy, Made Him Weil.
A Congressman is a public servant in
the full sense of the word.
He is responsible to his constituents, to
his party, to himself— the honorable office
is full of hard, thankless work and heavy
responsibility.
Congressman "William W. Grout is grate
ful to the friend who directed him to
Paine' s celery compound when prolonged
official work had well nigh exhausted his
health and strength. His letter reads:
Committee on Expenditures the War Dept.
House of Representatives, U. S..
Washington. D. 0., Feb. 28, 1896.
I found relief in Paine"s celery compound
for insomnia. Its action on the circulation
and digestion was also beneficial.
Very truly yours, William W. Grout.
There is something wrong when one
feels "tired all the time." It is contrary
to every condition of good health.
There ought to be no necessity of drum
ming into the ears of tired men and women
who feel they are broken in health, and
are every day losing in weight and
strength, the urgent need of taking Paine's
celery compound now 'tis spring to restore
their spent nerve force and purify their
blood.
Some of the earliest good results noticed
from taking Paine's celery compound
during these sprinjr days is a" regularity of
the bowels, a better appetite, sound sleep
and good digestion. A healthy blood sup-
ply is regulated by tbe nerves, and when
tnese vital tissues become fatigued and
badly nourished the bad effect ia seen in
failing digestion, distressing, ringing
sounds in the ears, dizzy spells, depres
sion, neuralgia and lassitude. Spring
days afford every one the opportunity for
shaking oft' old weaknesses and persistent
disorders.
Physicians of every school have been
from tbe start urged to inquire into the
formula of Paine's celery compound that
they might satisfy themselves of its won
derful power of mating the sick well.
Prof. Edward E. Phelps, Al.D., LL.D., as
soon as he presented Paine's celery com
pound to his fellow physicians, was always
anxious to have the "invigorator tried in
cases that bad resisted the usual methods
of treatment that he might prove thetrutn
of every claim made for his newly discov
ered formula for Paine's celery compound.
The great remedy always gave relief and
in 99 cases out of 100 made people well.
Paine's celery compound cannot be
judged by the standard of any ordinary
medicine, sarsaparilla or nerve tonic. It
is a great modern scientific discovery, sin
gularly unlike any remedial apent that
has ever aimed to effect a similar purpose
— to make. people well.
Paine's celery compound is the one real
spring remedv known to-day that never
fails to benefit. Get Paine's celery com
pound, and only Paine's celery compound,
if you wish to be well.
1112
SUMMARY OF THIS MARKETS. '
Produce Exchange adjourned to Monday.
Silver unchanged. _«
■ Wheat easy and quiet.
Feed Barley firm. c
Oats. Corn and Kye dull.
. ° liny and Feedstuffs unchanged. \
'•• Very little doing -in Beans.
New Potatoes and Onions lower. ■-.:
Butter unchanged. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Green Peas, String Beans and Tomatoes de
pressed. ■ . • ■ • _•_•;-. o
••Young Boosters scarce.
• Cherries in bad condition,
Good Strawberries sold higher. :
Dried Fruit steadier in the East.
Citrus Fruits dull. • V. :
Provisions quiet and unchanged. '
Hides and Wool very quiet.
• Hogs lower. Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Grain Bags steady. " . .
"Eighteen Failures last week."
CAXN'Kl) SALMON.
,v The Cutting Packing Company's circular says of
conned Salmon: •■ I r.vio in this anlcle is quite at
a standstill. The stock of last year's packing la re
duced to .small proportions and for futures in Alas
• ka varieties canneries outside of the Alaska Pack
ers' Association are reported to have orders
booked for all their catch of red salmon, and- the
I association just referred to is not ready as yet to
make any prices upon its anticipated product. In
the meantime there has been, and is, the greatest
activity alone the water front of this City In the
loading and departure of various vessels that carry
the men and supplies to lh-' various fishing sta
tions and canneries in the on hern seas, and
quite a respectable sited fleet has found occupation
in this business, and it has made trade active
among our merchants, who have done the out
fitting. , • *
"On the Columbia River no fishing of any mo
ment has yet been done on account of the different
ideas entertained by the packers and by the fish
ermen, as to the price to be paid the latter for fresh
fish. The fishermen up to date have refused to fish
this season or to allow others to fish, excepting
that the canneries agree" to give them the extreme
price of 5 cents per pound for lish. which under
th ■■ present conditions of the'market'for the canned
product cannot be done without a certain loss; so
there is- a temporary deadlock, but even- If this
condition of affairs had not existed.it is doubtful
if many lisli would have been caught up to date, as
■storms have prevailed and fishing rendered diffi
cult and the run of salmon very light."
• '•■ -THK WEEK'S FAILURES.
.The.Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 18
. failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending' yesterday as compared with 21
■ lor- the previous week and 16 for the corresponding
went or 1895. The failures for the past weeK are
• dividea among the trades as follows: 1 hardware,
• • ' 3 general store*, 2 saloons, 4 grocers. 1 barber, 1
• „ wire works, 1 dairy, 1 tailor. 1 dry goods, 1 restau
: rant. 1 contractor and 1 provisions.
I>KATH OF PKKSIOliNT HOLCO1IB.
Vice-Presklent Morrow of the Produce Exchange
calM-d tlir Exchange to order yesterday mprnins;
and announced the death of the president, W. a.
Holcomb. H. Sinsheimer, Juda Newman. Frank
I'alton, Klisha Kansom and Horace Davis were
appointed a committee to draft appropriate res'iiu
. tions of respect, and the Exchange adjourned at
■ noon to Monday morning In respect to Mr. liol
comb's memory. •
.' ' 'Explanation.
The arrow flits with the wind. Th« top flgnrea
a? station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of nu-lu-d sr.ow in Inches and huLdredthi,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lln*s, conn.c- points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. he
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
.Is. usually accpmt>nnled by fair weather: "low"
•refers to low -pressure, and is nsu&lly preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows'* psually first appear on the Washington '
coast. When the.,prefsure is high in the interioi
and low along the- coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
bufwben the' "1 \v" is inclosed with isobars of
• xnarited curvature." rain touth of Oregon is. improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
. the pressure fulling to the California coast, warmer
.weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. ; The. reverse of these condition*
will produce un opposite result.
WKATH . It BUREAU REPORT.
J'nit'kd Status Department of Agbicui/-
Tritrc, Wkaiuf.k BuiiKAr,' San Francisco,
May' 1, lHO'j, 5 >. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following ire the seasonal rainfalls to date
asconfpared with those of the same date last sea
■on: K'irt'ka 46.41, last season 40.82: Red Bluff
20. '.!:•!,. last season 28.06;. San Francisco 20:53,
last season 'J5.H6: Fresno 8.18, last season 14.42;
San Luis Obispo 17.62, lait season 26.73; lx)s An-
K<l>-s 9.06, last season 15.92; San Diego 5.00, lust
season, 12.01 : Yuma .88. last season 3.01.
Tue following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California during the past
twenty-four hours: Eureka .'.8. Red Bluff 64, San
FlancfaCO 57. Kr'-stio 78, Luis Oblspo 60, Los
AiiKt-les t>6. S;ui DlegO 62, Yuma 90.
-n;i Francisco data— Muximum temperature 57,
mi. r :imu;il 49. mean 53.
l"be following rainfalls have been reported dur
ing the past iwi-uty-four hours: Eureka .78, Ked
Bluff .02 and San Francisco a trace.
An area of low pressure overlies the northern
half of the Pacific slope and Is causing ruin Ken
orally from ths middle of California northward.
The pressure has fallen over the entir» country
west of the Kocky iionntains and during the past
twenty-four hours has fallen very rapidly over
irtah. Wyoming • and Northeastern" Nevada
Heavy rain has fallen throughout Washington,.
Oregon, Idaho, Northern Nevada and in California
north of the San loaquiu Valley. The tempera
ture has remained about stationary over the entire
slope. It has risen atom 12 to 18 dee. during the
past twentv-four hours over the Koclcv Mountain
regions. The conditions continue favorable for un
settled and .showery weather, with possibly light
thuiidcr-shovn- rs :nJand.
Forecast made at >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, -May 3. 189b:
Northern California— Unsettled weather, with
showers to-ni«ht and early Saturday morning; fair
Saturday: fresh soatherly winds.
Sou;nern California— Increasing cloudiness and
possibly light showers early Saturday mornius:
fair Saturday, with light fog on the coast; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Showery weather; colder Saturday
night.
I'tah — Increasing cloudiness, with showers Sat
urday; possibly thunder-storms; colder Saturday
and Saturday night.
A nzona— Fair : possibly light showers in extreme
norm portion Saturday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather,
with showers to-night and early Saturday morning;
fair Saturday; light westerly winds.
W. H. Hamm.iN, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 1.— Speculation at.the
'Stock. Exchange, except In a few special cases,
were practically at a standstill to-day. The sales
• were the smallest forauy day of the week.footing up
10f$,500 shares. Tobacco was the most active stock
I on the ilst, opening slightly higher at 72, broke to
69%, rallied to 71*4 and fell to 68%@69Vs- The
early rise was due to the dismissal of i the apDlica
. t ion for an injunction sec-Icing | to restrain the pay
ment of. the scrip dividend and the decline to a
pressure of a long stock" on statements that the
. matter would not be finally disposed of for at least
two months.- In the- meantime the Farmers' Loan
- and trust ■ is paying both the cash and serin divi
dends. . ■•■■.'
■ Sugar, St. Paul, Burlington a- d Qulncy and
Reading followed next in point of activity. Sugar
: moved up to l-'4i 2 . receded to 123y 6 @124. )!nr
linKton and Quiucy, t~u 1'aul, Heading, Western
T'nion and the Anthracites and the Southwest
• cms : showed little of int. rest. .:ReiKllnif was
' s:rentth:'iied fora time on th* report from Phila
delphia of • the signing of the foreclosure decree.
. The report th;i - . the •>'««- Yors coal companies had
advanced the price of autbriiclie 25 cents per ton,
to take effect -immediately.' however,', fell flat. - It
will be remembered that the Heading and Lehlgn
Valley advanced prices early In the week.
London did little or nothing owing . to the fact
that the exchange there was closed, according to
the custom on May day. The gold shipments
naturally occasioned, considerab'e comment. At
one lima it was stated that 1,700,000 would be
forwarded, but at the close of the day It was stated
at the Sub-Treasury that the net engagements
amounted to 1,4 50,000. According to good au
thority, however, only $ 1.200,000 will go. Specu
lation closed steady In tone. ■ Net changes show
declines of V«(!i :i ,i pet cent outside of tobacco,
which fell 2i/2 per cent. Sircar, fit. Paul, North
western and , Western Union gained Vi@ 6 /s~ per
cent.
The bond market wait dull and firm. The sales
footed up $900,000. Chicago Gas fives ro»e IV* to
9314: Hocking Valley Consolidated fives, l»i to
»5 : < 4 : Milwaukee, I»ke Shore and Western exten
sion fives.- 1 to 115 -. St. Joe and Grand Island
sixes cenihVatix. 1 10 44>j; Northwest extension
fours. % to lOSVi-
In Government bonds *55.0OO coupon fours of
1925 sold at 117Vfe@1175/g ex-interest, and $65,000
registered fours of 1907 at 109 » 8-
Grain.
FLOUR— Unchanged, dull. easy. Southern flour
unchanged, easy. Rye flour dull, easy, unchanged.
Buckwheat flour, buckwheat, cornmeal, rye, barley
and barley mall unchanged.
WHEAT— Quiet, easier with options; f. o. to.,
75s/ 8 c to arrive; ungraded red. 70®80c: No. 1
Northern, ."-'Vs'" to arrive.
Options were moderately active, and closed weak
•" 4 «iV d> c-!;i,«>. following the .West with good
weather reports and fr-o- local liquidation. .Inly
and .May most active. No. 2 red, May mil July,
695.se; September. 69y«c; December. 71i^c.
CuUN— Dull: steady. No. 2, 35s'»c elevator;
36^'gc afloat.
Options were quiet and steady at unchanged
prices to s/ 8 c decline with the West. July an i May
most active. May, 35»'g'c; July, 36c; Septem-
Der. 871/ic
OATS-Qulet, steady.
Options— Dull, easier: May. 23y 8 e: July, 24c.
Spot prices: No. .'2, i.'5c; No. 2 white, 36c: No. 2
Chicago, 26c: for No. 3, SStyc: No. 3 white, 243 4
26c: mixed Western, 2S@'.*bc; white do and white
«tate. 26fd;28c. " H£n
FKED liHAN-56li 2 •
MIDDLINGS— 57 1 2 rg,65c.
R\ E— 67y 2 !g.bbc .
Provisions.
BEEF— Dull, unchanged.
LAUD- Quiet, stronger: Western steam, S5 00;
city. $4 60; May. $5 10; -Refined, slow; continent,
$5 35: South American. $5 75: compound, 4Viv$
4%c.
fORK- Quiet, steady, unchanged.
. 15UTTKR— Firmer; light receipts: (State dalrv. 8
®15c; do • creamery.- 10@16c: Western dairy,
7@llc; do creamery. ll@18c: do held. 9@llc,
.do factory, 7(itH)c, i^lgins. 15i/i®16c; Imitation
creamery, 9' 1.1 Jr.
illKtSK- -Moderate demand, unchanged.
EGUt>— Quiet, irregular: State and Pennsyl
vania, lliitll^c: Southern, 939%c; Western
fresh, 9@ lie. '•■»■
TALLOW- Quiet, lower; city, 3 5-16c; country,
8>^@«3»c.
cottonseed OIL— Steady, nuiet, unchanged.
RO!*IX— Quiet, firm, uncltnugrd.
TURPENTINE— Steady, quiet. 28S/i@29c
POTATOES— Old, quiet: new, fair demand.
RICE— Unchanged.
KOLAS Firm, unchanged. •
COFFKIJ — In«!ianc<'d . 10 10 points down.
May, $1'_'S5: June. $12 65: July, $12 40(312 45:
August.$ll 50@ll 6U; .September. $11 '-'0: Decem
ber. .flu 80: March, $10 60. Spot liio dull. steady.
-No. 7.137/ 8 c.
Sl'GAli- Haw. firm, dull: fair refining. 33ic; cen
trifugals. 96 test, -Hie: refined, quiet, unchanged.
„ Fruit and Produce.
- CALIFORNIA FRUITS— " • ' ,
ALMONDS- Nominal.
APftlCOTS— Bairs. 8i^(^12c. . '
PEACHKS— I'eeled, V to, 10@12c; do nnpeelea,
6gs*u,c.
PKCXES— Four sizes. 6c, " ; .V
RAISINS— London layers, 90c@$l; do 3-crown
muscatel, 3 3 iai4c. •
WALM'1>-N!im,na:; Standard, 6%®7c; do
soft-shell. 8 VjffllOc.
HOI'S— Dull, unchanged: common to choice,
•2L-.ta.Hc: Pacific COM* V'. ; uT.'.
WOOL— Steady, unchanged: domestic fleece, 15
@21c; pulled, 16(3,33c: Texas, Tig,! 1
M «-!■!■ 5i:iml i»i-. ■ :
PIG IRON— Moderately active; firm. • :
COPPER-Quiet: like. *10 75.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic. *3 05.
TIN-Dull; straits, <13 30(g)13 40: plate*, fair
' demand. tsetif^
SPELTEK-Qalet; domestic, *105,<Sll0.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
■ CHICAGO, Ii.u, May 1— The wheat deliveries I
on May contracts to-day were quite large, being I
variously estimated from 2,000,000 to 3.000,000
bushels. A large portion of this found Its way
back into the him. of the elevator people, and
some of it was for sale by the parties who took it
on delivery. The liquidation of this property
caused an easy feeling in the market. Telegrams
from the Northwes: reported cleartos weather In
the Red River Valley, with prospects of early
completion of seeding operations. Information on
the crop in the Southwest was'favoiabie, some
Missouri wueat h adinso:;. >t. Louis wired that
offers of wheat to -Liverpool on the basis of prices
on this side were rejected as ing too high.
Liverpool cables were quiet and steady. Re
ceipts in the .Northwest were 486 cars against 342
last Friday and 493 a year ago. Chic received
15 rarsacd Inspected out 61,100 bushels. Closing
continental cables quoted Berlin higher and Paris
unchanged. Export clearances were moderate at
226.178 bushels. The last half hour was noted
for the weakness which prevailed. . Prices broke
sharply and close 1 very heavy.' July wheat
opened at 64c, sold between *Ui/8C aid 6'25 8 @
62Sic, closing at fl'.'Sic, 1 ] 4c -i.-r yesterday.
Estimated receipts tor to-morrow . cars.
t CORN— Acted quietly, following wheat In Its
fluctuations. '1 he deliveries on M;tycou tracts were
moderate, some few lots, which, were delivered
out came on the market for liquidation, the parties
who received it either having no use for the grain
or possessing little faith in Its value. -Receipts
were 3U0 cars, and 222,000 bushels were with
drawn from s.ore. Liverpool cables were steady.
Export clearances were light at 10,932 bushels.
The slump in wheat at the end of the session car
ried corn with it. July corn opened at SOVic. de- •
dined to 29*ic, closing -..I 2S»3i@29%c, %(S%c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to- morrow,
316 cars.
OAT — Altered scarcely 'any. bnt exhibited a
softened tone early In deference to a like feeling in
wheat and corn. Receipts were 230 cars. No oats
were taken from store. The final moments of the
session displayed weakness, prices declining in
sympathy with wheat. July oats closed Vbf^'ysc
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row. 200 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 90*£c: May, 87c:
July90i/ 2 c; September, 91Vi@siUVic Receipts
were 16 cars.
PROVISION'S— The hog- market contributed
weakness to the provision market to-day, -Pack
ers and professional traders express bearing views
and claim that while the hog supply contlnnes so
liberal there is small hope for product. Trade was
moderate to-day, much long stuff being disposed of
in disgust. Lard evinced more firmness than
either pork or ribs and made a slight gain, while
those commodities lost in value. July pone closed
25c lower, July lard UVa&Sc lower, and July ribs
5c lower.
BUTTER— The butter market wa< steady to
day, stocks moved satisfactorily, and the
tendency was toward ' firmness. Creameries
-Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@U%c: seconds. ll@13c:
imitations, fancy, lO@lic. Dairies— Kxtras
firsts, U@12c; seconds. 9c: Ladles— Extras, 9<a
10c: firsts. 8@8VaC: packing stock 7c.
EUGS— Were weak. Fresh stock sold at 8'i@
MONEY— Was steady at 6% on call and 6@7^ on
time loans. .New York exchange sola at 7fcc
premium. .
Closing Prices.
September. 63%c. '* '
COKN— . May, 28 * C: July. 293 29 %c: *ep
>. i>O . 1^ I iT 31ay ' $7 95: JnI y> »8 12%: Septem-
D6r t <j>o 30.
«5 X ~ M * y> '* 7&: July, 90; September,
#»O Uii V2- * 402^:'Jn>y. 9* 17%: Septem
berlw'siij^ 1 ♦* 02%: July ' * 4 17% m- e bept :
livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, III., May 1.—To
day's market for cattle was 10c higher on light
receipts and a good demand. Another Heavy run
of hogs was noted, and pr.ces declined 5c The
demand was indifferent . Trade In sheep was
active at steady prices. The receipts were quite
Urge, but there was a good demand.
■'•^J/'mi ~ .? ece| P». 4500. Fancv beeves,
$* 45@* 60: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
'"•"■ * 4 20 <&■* ♦&•• pood to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. M 00«4 15: medium steers. 1000
i&n ,? O i P^S. nd> H 80 F 95 1 common to fair steers
onR. 10 ! 1 , 4 .^ pound »- $* 61(23 75: choice leedew
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 800190: common to Eood
?■££ 'pW ,? 5: bull 8 and slags, cWce °o
extra. 05: », bulls, poor to choice,, «'.' 25®
2 90; cows and heifers, extra. $3 60@l 00 cow*, fair
« C ,%-* 2 40f?):< 50: «> w «. com men !/ wif
MiT^* . r>: calve »> Rood to choice, »♦ -25
(** 70: calves, common to good. ?:;,'<« l 'JO- Texas
grass steers, *'^ ttSfg,.' 85: Texas steers poor to
head i-oliJ 9 : milke » an < 1 "Prlngem, per
HOGS-Ueceipts. 30.000. Heavr packlnr ana
m r^ 02 . 1 .? 1 *', ** 20r< * 3 40: con » m oS to choice
J 1 '^;, * 3 -'«f«3 60: choice ussortea. *3 60®
«•> Si- * ™ . ecelpts - 11 > oou - lnlenor to choice,
f 50&3 75: lambs, $3 40©5.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, K. Y., May l.-R. G. Dan & Co.
to-morrow will say In their weekly review of trade
Failures for the week have been 238 In th« United
Slates against 231 last year, and 81 In Canada
againsi Si last year. As the season advances
there is more business, but advices indicate that
on the whole the prevalent feeling Is thai the gnin
s less than there was reason to expect, while re
tail trade has b^ en active enough to materially
lessen stocks and obligations and thus to prevent
j a great many threatened embarrassments. It has
not yet brought in .ugh new business to mills or
factories 'to prevent . decrease of unfilled orders
and closing of .-ome works
/ substantially the same state of things exist In'
all the great industries, notwithstanding the strong
combinaiioDs In some, and evidence of inadequate
consumption appears In the fact that the general
range of prices of commodities, farm and mine as
well as manufactured products, is nearly 1. per
<»ent lower than It was April 1. and the lowest ever
•cuown, the decline since October, 1892, being 16.7
per cent. Nor can this be attributed to scarcity of
money, which is easier and more abundant as the
liquidation of many dealers lessen outstanding ot>
llgatlona. 1 orelgn operation.* ; hsve been of no in
llnence In American securities, but shipments of
silver have again been, large, .stocks have re
inHlned practlcully without change. ■ ■
Speculation has raised cotton an eighth, though
receipts and crop prospects still favor lower rices
and accumulated stocks of unsold .'goods are very
large. ■ Wheat bos declined 4%c for cash. With
only two month* of the crop year remaining there
is little to encourage higher prlct>a. Silk has
v.vakened a little, owing to the overloading of
Japanese dealers. Wool Is weak, the wool year
closing with the greatest Quantity of wool on hand
ever carried at this season. Wooien coods have
not improved in demand, and flannels have opened
6 to IS per cent lower than last year, though the
material decrease of production has given to other
men's Koods t> rather stronger tone.
Dre*a goods are helped by the restriction of
foreign imports, but the association reports that,
on the whole, wool machinery is not more than
half emp.oyed. Some cotton mills have ceased
production, including one large printing estab
lishment, and stocks on hand still Increase, though
for !>ro\vn goods there has been a better legitimate
demand and great quantities of ginghams have
been moved by drives at prices, low beyond all
precedent. There is fair demand for boots and
snooi. though not enough to prevent gradual ex
haustion of orders unfilled, but the only chance in
jiric-. s has been a slight advance In some qualities.
Leat her is weaker with a very narrow demand
aud quotations average a shade lower, as do prices
of hides. , ,
Purchases of lake or« by the principal con
sumer and contracts securing low phosphorous ore
and lower raii rates to Chicago for Connellsvllle
coke in order to compete with Pocahontas coke
are the main features in the iron industry, but a
revival of demaud Is yet deferred. Higher prices
for nails b»ve caused active buying for the week,
but large consumers decline to contract as yet for
bars, and the rod combination has fallen through.
Middlemen still sell steel billets at $19 at I'itts
biirgKEiiinst SW asked l>v the pool, but the stock
available is said to be only 30,000 tons. Structural
prospects are good, but in other branches the de
mand is less artlve and Bessemer pig Is weak at
913 lit l'ltmburg. The anthracite coul companies
have advanced the price 25c per ton.
The volume of domestic business shown Dy
dealings h»-> been 1!>4,000,000 daily in April,
nzimsl 1SS. 000,000 last year, 136,000,000 in
lhSt-1, 181,000,000 in 1893 and 188,000,000 In
1892. These tigures show a greater shrinkage
• i. .m appeared in recent months and Indicate that
improvement is slow.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 1.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
April 30, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. ■ Dec.
New York «562.'J64,8e6 10.8
Boston H4.558.6-i7 16.4
Chicago 90,959,724 7.9
Philadelphia 5.6.'276,671 16.8
St. Louis 21.097,166 16.6
Pittsburz 1*5,009.912 10.3
Cincinnati 10,887.550 16.0
Baltimore 12,740.764 3.7
San Francisco.... 13,810.603 ...... 10.4
Kansas City 9/294. 161 3.6
New Orleans 8,031,918 ...... 19
Louisville... 4.91H.154 ...... 29.2
Detroit . ; . 5.3M).13H 11.8
Minneapolis 8 303,538 22.3
Cleveland 6.298 165 10.0
Providence 5.628.P00
MIlwauKee 3.804.399 10.3
Indianapolis 4,060,351 1.6
Buffalo 3,»»3:,837 6.8
St. Paul........! 4,125,859 13.1
Omaha 4,871.770 28.9
Denver 1,662 666 33.0
Salt Lake 1.166.8.1* 19.4
Los Angeles 1.141,041 7.3
Portland. Or ,.... 8l:l.7«7 ...... -25.3,
Tacoma .".}.. 463,120 14.2
Seattle i 4150.991 3.7
Spokane 35:. "206 14.6 .....
I Totals tT.'B $982,865,511 10.2
Outside of New York
City :.': 420,670,628 95
DOMINION OF CANADA. I
Montreal $8,461,639 10.4
Toronto 6,704.931 4.6
Halifax 1.120,363 12.0
Winnipeg : 810,051 4.1 J
Hamilton.. 604,363 8.3
Totals.!. '...... $16,601,347 10.2
K2EW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Monev on- call easy at 2@2%«: last loan at 2%*;
and closing offered at 2% • 1'rimo mercantile
pacer, 5%<9*> Ji- Bar silver, t.8-. Mexican dollars.
bic o:er..ii< exchange is easier, with actual busi
ness in imiKfrV bills a: *4 *<7s,i,@4 88 tor sixty
Cays and 44 88 s ,i@4 88 for demand. Posted raima,
Si 88 '■ ■•&* 90. Commercial bills. 84 863,i(cO4 87 V*-
Uovernoient bonds steady; mate bonds dull; rail
road bonds firm, silver at the board was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 94 i M>no,k 4 War.... i*
Aichlson- l5}i Preferred. m 6%
Preferred 24 Northern Paclflo.. lty 8
A<Ums Kxpr*s»...160 Preferred. .A- 1 *
Alton, 1 err* Haute. 65 ! Norm western. 1Ut}
American Kxprasa.113 Preferred 1*8 •
American Tobacco. t»u >. Y. Central »5 . ■
Preferred 97 N . V. Chicago** ** -
Bay btate tJaa -0 1st preferred 79
. Baltimore & Ohio.. 17 1 * • 2d preferred...... 33
fcrunswicK Lands- ,^>N. Y.«fc N. H....^.le9%
Buffalo, Boch A P. lt> N. Vi.Sit Ka|. 45
Canada Pacific.... 60 .N . Y. & W._ 8%
Canada houttiern.. 6" S 4 Preferred. — »4i, 4
Canton Land - 6t>V 8 Ontario 14
Central Paclflo.... 15 Ontario A Western. 15i 8
thes.& Ohio. 17 Oregon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 15* ! Preferred. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon NaTl«atloo. 15 -
Chicago, il. A <*.... B«M» Oregon Hhon i-iae. 7y%
Chicago tB K. lii... 41 Pacific Mail...-. .. "27i 4
1 referred. 1'"' i eona, U.«t Evan* "Va
ChlcmgouM . « qs » PJttsburg & W pfa. 16
Cleve PitUbnrc.ltSO Pullman Palace.. 1 ' U
Consolidation Com. Si Quicksilver-. ._ 1 ■■
Consolidated Oaa..l3'JMt Preferred, — 15
C. C. C. A at Low* 33 Beading 12&£
Preferred. til , KloQrandeAW««u 18
Cola Fuel & Iron*. M l h Preferred. _ 43
Preferred 100 Bock Island 71%
Cotton Oil Cert 13% P.omeWai i^Ogdea 1 ■ -
Commercial Cable. lift fci. L. i .-i v. 43/,
DeL Hudson 1U7 1 * Preferred. 11
Uel.Lack<t\Vest«rnl .9 l /4 tl.Paul M 783/ 4
iienYerdtli. u_.... 13 I Preferred. l«7«J I
Preierrea „ 4- '* ;t!t. Paul Jfc UuluHi. -I
tistUlers « 19V* Preferred m 86 "
General Klectrlo... 3 iVa ft. Paul <fc Omaha. 44
trie — 14Vi' Preferred 122V4
Preferred 8V2 K t. P. ii. & M. 110
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates.. «W S
GreatNorthernpfcullU fcoiuturn Pacific... 20
Ortenitaj -V4 boutnern it. lt..._ 9 2
Uariem 29& i Preferred. 313/.
Hocking Coal -Vz fcutar .Hennery....
Bock Valley... l' 2 Preferred. 103Vg
liomestalce „ 30 Tc-nn. Coal «* Iron. 301,%
H.&Texas Cent.. '&y% Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 9(iv 9 Texas Pacific.. . 83« '
Iowa Central....... 9i lol.A.A.A N.Mioa.—
Preferrea.. ....... 3dy lol. A ohlocen.;.. 33
Kansas S. Texas.-. 1- ; .Preferred...- - 73
Preferred <*7i^ lolJSt.Loulsdsicci 6Vi
Kingston & Pern... 3 .Preferred 10
Lake Erie <fc Wests 18 Union Paclflo., «-y»
Preferred.. .^.... 7<> t P.. Den. A Unit. 3»,i
La« shore 1 9* 4 L .a Cordage.. ..,— 5 i
National Lead M 2ii 2 Preferred — 10»4
Preferred „ Hly 2 Guaranteed... 20V 4
Lonttlsland 80 U. K. Express. ... — a.<
Louisville A Nash. aiy a U. K. Leather..... 8 /i
LouisvUleNa&oa. «Va Preferred. 623,,
Preferred a V. a KuDbor „ 27
Manhattan Consot. 107 Preferred. ..... 86
Mempnis <fc CharU. 15 Utlca & 11. Kiver.,130 •
Mexican Central... 1 I : Wab. a L. A Pao.. 7 Y» '
Michigan Central... 87 Preferred.. .....^ 18V*.
Alliiti A.S. WHls-Karro. 98
Preferred. — Western Union.. _ 85%
Uiiii . &BLL com. 19 Centra... • 2V%
1st preferred..... .77 Wheeling A L. i3.. 10 V*
1 referred. 52 Preferred. 36Va
Missouri Pactfie.... 27% Am Cotton UU pta. 68
Mobile* Ohio 21V-. WU Beef 7»4
Nashville fi8 Ann Arbor.... 9
National Linseed.. 17%! Preferred... 26%
N.'J. Central lo«Vs! Brooklyn Traction. 34
North American... f»'a
CLOSING BONDS. .
U P4*.re«: 109«4;m, K T Ml 60>A
Do, 4s coupon... ll(>i/ 2 ! Do, 4*. 86
V «? 4s new reg. 117.v Mutual Union SB... 114
Do, 4s coupon... 1 17 5/ 8 S J Cent Gen 6s... 1 i'.ti, 8
Da 2s 98' :. Northern Pao lsls.llii" a
Do, 6c llS^j Do. 2da .....114
Do. 61 couDon~..113 I'o. Hfls .. 77
Cherokee 4s. 189t>. 100 Northwest Consols. 1 88%
Do. 1897- 100 Do. deb Bg- 109
Do.lbfi8- 100 OH4.N Isu . 110
Do. 1899-.. ...... 100 StL&IronMtQenOt 80
reclflc 6eof'95....— Bt L&'SKGnn 6a. 11U%
D. C. 8-6 6s 1O91/4 Pi Panl Consols ...I99'i
Ala Class ▲ 4—....1W6 I tt. P. C. & Pa lsts. 1177 8
Do. Class B 4, 6s. 106 I Do. Pac Cal ifts-HO
I.aConsol4s. 98% Southern It. B. 6s. 93%
Mlssonrl funding..— •» : Texas Pad fio firsts 90
N Carolina con Os.. 124 Texas Pac seconds. 22%
Do, 4t 104 Union Istor90.106
Fo Carolina 4V,s...lO« ■ West Bbore 4a.....lO5s / i
1#nnnew.-»s 87 Mobile A Ohio 4a.. 6V
> a funding dent... 62 ft UrandeWest lsta 7S%
fo. reg — Chen A O 6s 109
■ Do. deferred 6«._ " 8 Atchlson 4s 80V»
Do. trust rcou st 7 Do. 2ds a.._ 25%
Canada Boulh 2ds..lO4 O H A 8 A da...... 105
Cen Par lsuor>95 102 14 Do. 3d 7s. . .. 102*4
Dcn*BUlat 110% H&Tex Cent5a..lO9
-5°. «•■♦•.... 93 Da con 102V,
*•'>• 8<l« ......... 67 Beading 4s „„ 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 76J* Missouri Us. ....... lou
*>■» Pa Isu Den dlvlll%l
. FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHIAT 1ST LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., May . 1.— The «pot market
Is steady at 6s 6d@5s 7d. Cargoes dull at 27» 3d,
on passage, sellers. ■ ■
' . ■ _ VUTUBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s 4i/ 4 (1; June. 6s 4i.' 4 d; July, 6s 4%d; August, 6s
4»4d; ember, 5s 6d. . .
8KCUKITIKS,
LONDON, Eiro.. May 1— Consols. 111%: silver
31 1 10 i: French Rentes. 102f 12%&
EXCHANGE AND ; BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. J.... — . , 94 88*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — " 4 89 V*
Sterling Cables :........ $4 89% 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... — ," 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — " 10 ■
Fine Silver. V ounce.... ....;...— ' 68
Mexican Dollars 63% 64
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Abel reports
stocks of Grain ' in Call ■ Board warehouses May
1 as follows. In tons:
-WHEAT- Z
Port Costa. Stockton. I City.
April 1 49.62ft 34,187 2,148
M»yt 3H.710 28,216 I,b72
Barley.) Oats. Corn! Bran.
April 1- 2,977 4.8B3 1,828 49
May! 3.762 4,184| 2.1K2 74
The receipts In April were 10,631 tons Barley
1760 do Oats, 1328 do Cora and 1819 do Bran.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Inveresk takes for Brisbane 52,
371 ctla, valued at 00.112.
The Produce Exchange adjourned to Monday,
owing to the death of President Holcomb. .
The market is dull and unchanged. No. 1,
*1 07i£<ai 0HS/ 4 ctl; cuoice, f 1 10: lower grades,
?1@1 OttV*; extra choice for milling, »1 16@1 22%.
CALL BOARD 8AI.K8.' "
Informal Skksiov— 10 o'clock— December— 200
tons, $1 07; 300, $1 08W May— 100, $1 06 V*.
Hksulab MiiKNiN-n aussioN— December-200
tons, $1 06^g ; 2v:uo, si 0b 1 .
•No afternoon session
BARLEY— iVed is firm at the improved prices.
Feed 7iy4@73%c; choice, '76@76V*c; Brewiiifc,
BU(a;o7 .
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— No sales. '
Rkgi'lak Jioii.vi.so Session— December— 300
tons, 75c: 100, 74'< / 4c. •
No afternoon session.
OATh-Are very quiet. Milling, 75@823^c f,
ctl; fancy Feed, 8a%<a87J>4c: good to choice. 75<a>
80c: common to fair, 67Y>@7^Vt- Gray, 72%©
80c; Surprise. 90c($$l ?) ctl.
CORN— Very little trade at the moment. Large
bellow quotable at 88 : 'i(a.90c V ctl; Small Hound
do. 97Vic@3l: White. 3<V@9Oc * Ctl.
KYK-76i4(a.7H3/. c « ct.U
BUCK W HiLAT-86(S90c * CtL
FLOUR A>i> MILI^STUFFS.
FLOUR— Xpt cash prices are: Family extras,
*3 76@3 85 'H bbl: Bakers' extras, *3 55(^3 H5;
superflne. *2 76@3 ?» bbl.
CORN MEAL. ETC.-Feed Corn, f20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 ft ton. • •
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcesin 10- sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye. Flour, 3V4c:-Kice r Flour.. 7^c; Corn
meal, 284@3c; extra cream do, 3V 2 c; Oatmeal,
3»,4c; (iroat.i, 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4@4V a c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%" ; Furina,
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, So; Rolled Oats, 4^c;
Pearl Barley, 4Vic: Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6V4C p Jh. : „. •., ■•■ ■■..':',:
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— $ 15@16 50 %> ton. ' ' •
MIDDLINGS— H top for lower grades
and $18 60@19 50 ft ton for the best.
" FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley, S18@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, S20 '$ ton; jobbing, »21;
Cottonseed Utlcalce, $21 "$, ion.
HAY— The old quotations rule. Wheat Is quot
able at $8@11 50 it ton: Oat. $8@9: Wheat- and
Oat. f8<g)li: Barley, »7@9: Alfalfa, S7@9; Clover,
$C(3H 50; Compressed, $7@10 50; Stock, ? ti(g,-7 "jl
ton.
STRAW— 30@50e f, hale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEAN'S— Bayos, 90c@$l; Small Whites, $1 25@
1 45: Pea. $1 25($S1 50: L»ri;« Whites. 816*1 10:
rink, 90@95c;.Reds,$l 25; Blackeye. 91 ■JOCa'i 1 60;
Red Kidney, nominal; Lima*, $2 75@3; Butters,
f 1 40'a.l 60 forsmall.and $1 -25@1 50 for large.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50
«i,-2. 25 %} ctl; Trieste, S'-<<£2 50 > ctl; Yel
low Mustard. SI 40<ai 60; Flax, $1 7tl<g 1 80: Ca
nary, -JS/ic « Ib; Alfalfa, 7%@9V<|C *4 Ib; Rape,
2i / *,c'fl lb; Hemp. 3%c IS Ib.
DRIES PKAS— «1 25@1 40 1* ctl for lies and.
fl 25@1 45 forUrt-en.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Over 1000 sacks new came in and
prices declined. New Potatoes, eO@9Oc: River Bur
banks, 40@50c; Oregon Burbanks, 60@70c ■ Oregon
Garnet Chiles, 75c; Ear.y Rose. 85<<$. ! 0c; Peta
lutnii and Tonialen, 45(g60c p. ctl; Humboldt Bur
banks. S0@70c >* en.
■ -onions-— Quoted at $1 76@2. New Onions are
lower at $1(5,1 25 r ctl. :
VEGETABLKS— Arrivals were 412 boxes As
paragus, 4H5 boxes Rhubarb, 610 sacks Peas and
76 sacks Beans.
sirini: Beans came in from Winters and sold at
10c ■? Ib. The market for Peas, Beans and Rhu
barb Is weak and depressed, owing to heavy stocks.
Tomatoes con.lnue toarrivu heavily, receipts being
127 boxes, and prices are still lower.
Summer Squash, 12i 2 '" • TO; Err Plant, 16c
9 Ib: Los Angeles Tomatoes, if 1 'ibiaA 50 "pi box:
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 73(gi2 ft hi ■ Cucumbers, 75c
@$1 doz; Asparagus, #1 -J5@2 25 >> box for ordi
nary and #2 50f&2 75 for extra: Rhubarb, 30@75c;
Dried Peppers. 7©9c: <5reen Peppers. 12Vii@15c:
Green Peas, 60Ca,$l f^ Hack for common and
*1 25 f, sacic for s«,-et ; stnm,- Beans, 4@7c lb:
Horse Beans, 35®i0c 1». sack; Dried Okra, 1'JViC:
C>bb»ge, 40c ft ctl; Garlic, 4i / ,o,,')c ft Si.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market shows no change what
ever.
Crkamkby — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13V.c
ft m. '
Dairy— Fancy, 12^@13'j; good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, U©llV*c.
Eastern — Nominal. . i
CHEESE— Is very weak. Fancy mild new, 7V 2 i
@Hc: common to good, 6Vi@7c; Cream Cheddar,
10@llc y ft,; Young America. 8@9c a Ib; West
ern, 10@llc: Eastern, 12@13V»c ft Ib.
EGOS— The cheaper descriptions continue to de
cline and the market is depressed under large :
stocks. Oregon Eggs, l2@13Vjo ■» doz; Eastern
lVBgs. r.'(a;13c; Store Kggs, r2(«l2l^c: ranch Eggs,
13&14c; Duck Kggs, 14(^i6c > doien. •£
POULTRY AND GAME. " *^
POULTRY — Young Boosters are scarce, and
some bring 1 10. but this figure Is too extreme for a
quotation. Other descriptions show little change.
Live Turkeys, 15@17c ft ib for Gobblers, 15@lfc
V Ib for Hens: Geese, 9 pair. SI 25@1 75: (Jos
lings. $1 50(.fJ -.'«; Ducks, $1@5 for out and S5(«
8 V- dozen for young: liens, $3 50^6: Boosters,
young, $7 50{a-9 fl doz: do, old, $i(a,i 50: Fryers,
f6^0 60; Broilers, $5 5(>@t> for large and $.'C<$*
for small; Pigeons, Si 50(4)1 75 for young and
*1 60@l 75 for old. *
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, «1 25 for Cottontails
and $l(<j!l 25 c aoz for small.
UECIDUOU3 AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Most of the Cherries continue to arrive In bad
condition, owing to the rain. . ...
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, SI 25@3 7f< box.
Arrivals of < berries were 289 boxes, selling at 35
f75c for White, BU<a76c for Red and SI 25<ai 75
box for Black.
BERRIES— choice Strawberries were higher,
but some poor sandy goods sold as low as SI 50 %t
chest. Receipts of Strawberries were 390 chests,
selling at S'etH ~f, chest for Longworths and S'-(§,4
for large berries. '
Gooseberries. 3b^5Oc 1* drawer and 3@4c V Ib In
sacks.
Raspberries. SI 60 %} drawer. -
The Blackberries from Southern California
brought $1 35 y crate.
CITRUS FRUITS-No change to report. Or- i
anges are q.iotable at 60c@$l 50 box for Seed
linKS, 91 50@3 50 for Navels. $1 76@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and el 60@2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c($$l 50 for common and S'^®- 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. S5 50($6; Califor
nia Llrnes. SI: Bananas, Sl(3»'- V bunch; Pineap
ples, S3@6 V- dozen.
DRIED. FRUIT*, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The -East reports rather stronger markets for
: Peaches and Prunes, but prices show no Improve
i ment.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, lVi@2c ?» Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4*4c for evaporated;
Peaches. !i%($4c and 6c for fancy; "Apricots, GiACaD
j 8c for prune to choice, 9c for fancv and 10i<j,1 "y
! Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2Vic for on
: pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c ~$
| tt> for evaporated halves, 3V&@Bc If* lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3te: Vi«: Plums, 3V ? c * Ib for pitted and
lWfli-cfor uij.itted; Nectarines. ;ty a (fl»&C •$» Ib for
, prime to choice and 5JAc for fancy. . .'
: Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4<s;4Vie
| *& Ib; sun-dried, iJ^(32c: Peaches. »@4c and o@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 11@ 12 Prunes, 4c
for four sires, 5@5 Vic for-40@50's and 4y 8 (g;Sc
; for 50@60's: Apricots. 6%39o£or prime to choice
I in@lic for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V^c:
White Figs, 8@5c: Pears, 8c %* Ib for evapoj
ated halves and 4@7V2<" for quarters; Plums,
3 Va@*o for pitted and 1@1 Vic for unpitted;. Nec
tarines. 4@5c %4 tb for prime to choice.
RAISliTs AND DRIED ORAPKS-Pncesareas
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 334c %4 Ib: 3-crown. loose, 3 Vic: '1
crown. 2c; seeQier.s Sultanas. 3Vs@3»ic; seedless
Muscatels, 2V2@2» / 4c: three-crown London layers,
70c $ box: clusters. $1 36(351 60: Dehesa clusters.
*2 10@2 26; imperial clusters, *2 »>0<9i2 75; Dried
Grapes. f. ft,. . » •
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, SVic; S
crown, 2=$i@3c: a-crown, 2i4@2Vic..' Seedless Sul
tanas, 'n Ib; Seedless Muscatels; He; 8-crown
Ix>ndon layers, 75@90c: clusters, *1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
DrledOrapes, . '; » .: •
if UTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc ?* ft
for Xo. 1 hard and ll@13c » Ib for paper-shell. job
bing lots: Almonds, 0@7Vsc f, Ib for Lan<uedoc
and 8%@I0c for -shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5Vt
@7cforKaslernand 4i/2@5V->cfor California: Hiclc
ory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and He for
polished; Filberts, 8@9c: Brazil Nuts. 8@10c f»
It; Cocoanuts, $4 oO@5 V 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@l'<!c* Ib for
bright and 8@9c %* Ib for lower trades: • water
white extracted, l>(aibV-,c » Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i/4@4^4C: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3cT
BEESWAX-25(g)li7i/,c fUb. ,-;
PROVISIONS.
Are quiet and unchanged. ;
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ft B> for heavy, 7c
for light medium. 9c "& lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c ?* tt> for sugar-cured: Sugar
cured Haras, lliAc; California Hams. 10c V Ib:
Mejis Beef, $8 -^ bbl; extra mess do, $8 50; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Port, $9 fi bbl: extra
clear, S 1 4 bbl: mess, $13 V* bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c tb. . • ■
..LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at e^c V Jb
for compound and 6»ic for pure; palls, 7*/jc: Cali
fornia tierces, 6iAe'for compound and t»Vip , for
nore; half-bbls, 7c; 10- lb tins, 7%c: do 5-Tb, 80
■C0TT0LENE-6!Wc In tierces and 7%c i* tt» in
10-lb tins. ■ . ■' ■•.■-- •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No farther change. Heavy
salted steers, 6 i/ 2 @7c 9 B>; culls and brands. 5 V3
©lie tt>: medium. ny^Hc; culls and brands, 41./3
®5c: light, 6e; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
V- ft: culls and brands. 4c: salted' Kip, 4c ; «i lb;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, Be: dry Hides, 9
<ai0c; culls and brands ; 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7@8c; cnils. 6@6c: dry Calf. 16c; culls, 10c: Goat
skins. 20to35c each; Kids, 5c; Deerskins, good
Bummer,25@30c; medlum,15@2»c; winter, 9@10c;
eiit-epaltlnis, e'jearlinss, 109160 each; short wool.
!'0@35c each: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about V» c less. - • *&.
! TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. SVi©3hi<>; No. 3 > Sc;
refined. 6y a @5'>ic; Grease. 2y c <* Ib.
WOOL- we quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c: San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c 13 tb:
San Joaqnln, foothill, good to choice, 7<<£8c; San
Jonquln, year's fleece, 4 V2©6Vi c -
HUPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c ft tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10@
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 25; San Quentin,
$4 VO; Wool Bass, 24%@26y c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 V ton: New Wellington,
98 'p ton; Hoiunrield Wellincton, *7 60 ton;
Seattle. 8P.VS3 60; Bryant, »5 60; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallaend, $6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo *7 60;
Cumberland, '913 50 In bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ?13; Welsh An
thracite Egg. : Cannel, $8: Koclc Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
910 50 in hulk and $12 50 "3 ton In sacks.
RICE- Chinese mixed, $3 25@3 45: No. 1, $3 50
f,3 70 r 0 ctl; extra No. 1, $3 82@4 10; Hawaiian,
*:-; 50; Japan, 93 65@4 lava: Kaugoon, $3 10
%4 Ctl.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, nil 6y 3 c Dry Granulated, 0%c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c: Magnolia A, &i/ie: Extra
C, 5Vgc: Golden C, be: half-barrels, Vic more
than barrels, and boxes Vfec more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
« gal. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.-
Hog* continue weak and in abundant supply.
No change in Beef and Mutton. Wholesale rates
'for dressed stock from the slaughterers are as foll
ows:
BKEF— First quality, 5@5i/4c; second do, 4y 2 @
4»/lc: third do, 3Mi@4c ~v Ib.
. VEAL— Large, 6(g,6c; small, 6@7c V tb. "■■:■'■ •'.'.
■ MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c; Ewes. 4^j@6c
V &>•--'' ' '
. LAMB— Spring Lamb, 6@6y 3 c f* Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@3i4c * Ib for large and
SS/ic for small and medium; dressed do, 4Vk(3i& R i.c
* Ib .
•.'.'•. RECEIPTS OF , PRODUCE.
fob 24 HOURS.
flour, or. «ks 22, Cheese, cils. 108
Oregon 884 Ejrga. dor 16,380
Wneat. etls 1,0'JU Hides, no 717
Barley. ctl». ....... 1,030; Felts. Ddl».._ 2,025
Oats, Or, ctls 4 50; Wool, bis 82
Beans, ales... 87:. Quicksilver, Basics 244
Potatoes, elu....... l.M. r !."> Leatuer. rolls. ..._ 113
Onions, ska 166 Wine, cals 64,000
Haj-. ions. M 391 Lime, bbla 201
Btraw. ton» 51 Hops, bis 64
Bran. aks. 43.vrallow.cils ~ 200
Middlings, ska..... 240 Raisins, bxs 1,400
Butter. cUs 392
Eggs are weakening again, but prices show no
material decline. Cheese la cheaper. (Butter is nn
cbanged.' '
Meats and Poultry show no change.
Early Fruits are rather cheaper and so are the
Summer. VecetRb'es.
.Following la This call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAT-— TO>T.
Cannel • —a 10 00 Pleasant 9 50®10 00
Wellington. —©10 00 south field
New Wei- Wellington — ® 9 50
lmgton.... — ©1000 Scotch — @ 9 50
Seattle 7 00® 7 50 Coos,Bay... 6 60»s> —
Castle Gate. 9 M%10 00
DAIRY PBODTTCR, KTC
Butler, fancy, %*° 1 Cheese, Eastern... 16®20
square , SO(a)35 Cheese, Swiss... 20rri;30
do, roll 30r<s—j Common Eros 15® —
do. choice 26® — Ranch t;«g9**dz...l5«s20
Ordlnaryao... ...... —% — Honey, comb, 1llb.li.'®l-5
Cheese, Cal 10®— J do, extracted.... «@ia,
MEATS — PKR POONP.
Bacon.. 12®17 Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, choice 12@16 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good 8@10 Pork Chops 12(5,15
Corned.Beef &qj —1 Round Steak 8felO
Ham. Cal 12iA(6»15 Sirloin Steak... —
do. Eastern. 15fa>— Porterhouse, do... lWi2O
'■*rd .Iiir5l5 Smoked Beef —(2.15
Mutton "..1C@— Pork Sausages... —^20
Spring Lamb 10tg)12 j Veal 10@15
POULTRV AND GAME.
nens.each 60© 65 Turkeys, * Ib.. 18®' 20
Young Koostr -. ! Ducks, each.., 6 Web 1 00
ers. each 75@1 OOUeese, each....l 75(Sj2 00
Old Roosters, Pigeons, « pr.. 40d» ftO
*nch 6031 bO Rabbits, $ pr;. «&(g> 40
fryers, each... -@ 76 Hare, eacn..... 15© £0
Broilers, each.. 85@ 60
FHUIT8 AND NDTS.
Almonds,^ 0>."....12®l 5 Orangps, 39 doz....lO®30
Apples. %>■ ft) h«8J0 Pears; $ tb 10^12
Bananas, %i dos. ..15r^'-'() Raisins, ?» tt>- 8**15
Cocoanuts, each...lOfe»12Ra9pb»-rries.?oskt2a@30
i berries. \ft tti..'....10@?(i:StrawDerrle3,
riooseberrleB, tP Ib. 8@>0: 9 drawer 25&50
Lemons. dor l. r Walnuta, %* lb 15i<j> —
Limes, V doz 12&15.
VKOKTABLKS.
Asparagus. ■?> ft... Lettuce, doz.... 15(320
Artichokes,1>dor. Squash,^ 1b 6<a —
Beets, "^ dor Onions, ~H Ib 4@ :>
Beans, white »lb.2i/a(5 6 Peppers. green,1itt)2.v5 —
Colored. tb.-.'-'i^fa 5 Parsnips, ■p aoz.... 15'ai20
l.'-in, Ib *<g> 6 Potatoes; 1b 2(ai 3
nalj..;»Ke, each 5@10| do. New. «V !b.... X® 4
I'auliaowerB, each. 8, Rhubarb. >> lb... . 4® 5
L'eiery. V bunch... 6to — iKadishos. 1 ».dzbcns.l0<aia
Cress. ■»dzbunchs.'JO<q l 25 Sage, %> Ib 25^35
Cucumber. 't«doz.7S@,l 2.'. string Beans, » n..l2fail5
C5arlicl» » Thyme, ft lb 20@30
Hreen Peas. * tt>.. 4® 5 'Turnips. * doz....l5@20
Lentils, * tt>....... 60 ftlTomatoes, Jb....l5® —
■ .ri8H— PKR PODSD.
Barracnda.... M ....l50— (Shad 8<alO
L'arp 8f4ilO;Sea.Bass ...: —^ —
lodflsh 12 Smelts 12© —
flounders 1 ( Hat 1 2 Solos . . MV&12
Halibut 6 Skates, each 10<ai2
flerrlnst sturKeon — @ —
Kinciisn 1 0 (a) 1 2 T o m cod 1 2<a —
Mackerel -Iciams, "f> gal — <ai5
-do, Horse 10«alia Do, hardshell, t»
Perch „ 10(<6 — , 100 50® —
Pomnano — <a — Crabs, each . 12<|l5
Kockflsh 12f<815I>o. softshell, 9 dz.2.1(*35
salmon, smoked... —^Mussels, V qrt .10iil5
Salmon, fresh 12® — Oysters. Cal,* 100.40© —
shrimps 8«l10 Do, Eastern, $ di. 25(^40
The market for mining shares was off yesterday
on tho regular Calls, the highest figures being gen
era'ly under those of Thursday. The best price for
thollar was 64c, against 68c, though sales were
active; for Occidental, SI 20, against SI 35: for
Hale <fc Norcross, $1 15, against 91 23; for Potosl
SOc, umiinst 3&c, and bo on.
After the afternoon call Chollar ran op to 90c
nmler heavy sales, but fell back to 70c at the close.
The Other stocks were several cents higher In sym
pathy.
On the Bond Exchange business was brisk.
HutchlnsoD advanced to $ 24 and the other securi
ties were firm as a rule.
The sales on recalar call at the San Francisco
Stock: Board for the first four months of the year
were: 991.046 shares, against 1,000,355 shares
during the same period in 1893.
' The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
dividend 29 of 75c payable on the 12th.
- The Caledonia assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day. .
Savage is assessed 20c.
BOARD SALE9.
rolTowinsr th» wn«« ia ins 8»a rr»nelw«
Btocit Board yesterday:
P. .'■•'■ t (» ICOKXIVO SESSION 1 COWllltNCWB 9:30.
S00 Aloha... .12 1000 CrwnPt.30jl00 Ovrmn....ll
'-00 Beicner.,,45 500 O A C. 401100 Potosl....2K
300 B A iJ... .62400 41 160 27
ltd Chalice... 35 -J50 HAN . . 1.1 .(Hi tieg Kel....l5
(hollar... 900 Mexican.. 31 300 s Nev....6Q
1000 66 30 Mono 15 200 Union 51
1(0 CC\fcV..1.05'1300 Occdtl. 1.15 250 ..52
BOO C Imp... 02| • • ■ I
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
4t>0 Hclcnrr. .50 100 Confi 8<M00 Sava*«....29
700 h A B.... '65-300 « <fc C 45 400 Beg Bel.. 16
JUtHJ Cbollar..B:i|'JOO Justice.. ..06 1200 17
BOO 6i|200 Mexican.. 341600 a Nev... 63
2OU<-1 &V...1.7O20O 35 30O Uniou....64
L'OO «. 1'olnt... 35,900 Occidtl..l.l6|200 65
400 34 100 Opliir... 1.201400 Ut»h 04
400 33|200 fotosl.... 301 1200 Y J»clU.37
following <cnr« tne «aie» la the Paciaa Ssocie
Board jfsit iJa.-:
KS»l'l.*K SESSION— 10:311.
400 Alpli* 12 4U0 CCV 1.671-2 1000 Occld..l.l5
300 Alta 07 SO0 1.66 l'JOO 1.10
350 Andes... '.'7 9OO ..]■',, -..'1)0 1.17V*
600 Kelchyr ..■;.. joi Conti hi) flOO l.'jo
400 46 Imp 0:.'800 Oph!rl.l7U.
1000 Bill 61 400 Crwn Ft...30 6OO 1.2U
1200 60 1000 33400 Ovrmn....ll
300 S3 200 Exchqr...04 800 Poiosl....28
400 Bodle 481200 O <k C. ..40 1900 27
2000 Bui wir.. 13 400 41 800 "■•v»?«....3J
700 14 1500 43 1000 30
200 Bulliou...3J 1300 HA N..1.1S S00 Scorpion..04
500 Cftleda 04 600 Julia 08 M)U SBAM....15
200 Challng...36 500 Justice. ...04 POO S Nev....6O
29O0 Choll»r..67 6i)O Kentuck..O3 1000 till UU1..02
500 66 500 L, Wash... 04 1HO0 L'nioa C.62
1850 S5 7OO M.ezican.,29 400 61
900 54700 30 .1)00 Utah. ...04
1600 68 600 33600 YJaoKM.,34
400 59|
.-■.... AFTKRNOOJC ' BF8SION — 2:S3. • - r- -
100 Alpha... 1 2600 Chouar. ...7212700 OcccS...1.20
100 ...12%!1000 ....: 7*400 1.16
400 . 131600 .781300 Ovnnn....l2
800 Alts...... ..08 200 ..... .80 300 *»otosi..V.29
400 An<le«....2P900 CC«fcV.. 1.85 600 ............30
100 Belcner.r.47 400 ...... .1. 67 1800 31
400 481500 ...1.701500 ... .. ...33
1000 .....4H Confl 081300 ; ;SJ
2100 ..: 60 400 Con Im....026U0 ....-..;.. .34
1800 Ei B.I.64 500 C i 0int... 341300 .......:.^...35
300 ....V..... .66300.... ....35 900 : 37
100 Bodl« 52800 ......: 36,1200 Savage. .30
500 Bullion... 16 300 Exchqr.. .05:300 19
200 Kulwer....32 100 O & C 43 500 8corploo..04
800 Caled. 0511800 ...........45 200 S B<&li;..ltS
400 Challnce..37 460 H&N ....1.15 2000 .....:.... 17
500 Chollar...67 1200.. 1.20 500 S Nev.....6 %
100 ...;....... 68 500 Julia Of 800 Union.;.. 64
300 ............. t>0 500 Justice.. 1000 Utah ...05
3000 ..........61X00 Kentclt...O4 YJackai37
800 ...-.„.;:.„ 62900 lean. .33 300 .........371/2
400 .:....V..7.63;aOOMono.....l6 600 3»
400 ......... 70 600 Ophlr....l.20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• FRIDAY,' May 1-4 if.
BiA.Alkfti I ' , Bid. A. tked.
Alpha Con..... 12.13 Jackson. . ...„ 40 —
AH« ; M .. M OH Ofl.lnlia •«...« r 08 ' : 09
Ana»t ..;„ a7 ". 28 Jostle*......... 06 . 08
Belcher...;.... 61 63 Kentncs. ..-. — 04
Best & Balehw. 64 66 Lady Wnli..» - ' C6
Bodl«.,....i,« 64" -iMezlCMi ..;.... 85 88
Bullion. _ 14 15iMono...,. — 15
Bnlwer _. 31 - Nevada Uaeea. — 05
Caledonia...... 05 06 Occidental 1.15 1.20
Challenge Con. 37 Opnir 1.20 1.25
Chollar ........ 70 72 Overman ....... 12 13
Con. CaL dfc Va. 1. 1.70 t'oioa _ 34 35
Ion. Imperial. 01 02 fc>av»re. .._.... 29 SO
Confidence..... 84 — 'beg. Belcher... 17 18
i Con. New Vort — 04 fclerra Nevada, 62 64
Crown Point... 34. 35 Scorpion. . 02 —
Kaat8ierraM»» — 04 Silver Hill.. 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 05 Syndicate.. ._ 03 03
Eureka Con,... — 25 Union (Jon..... 54 65
Uould & Curry. 45 47 Utah 04 05
Hide Usurer*. 1. 15 - 1.201 YeUoir JacKW. 37 38
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalle.. ....... 160 Keystone.
100 .;...... 160; Bid 65 00
Champion "200 Lock wood Con.. 35
Bid 20 00350 83
Asked.... '. 30001200 34
•200 Grant. -24 Mayflower.....
600... «. 25Bld 100
.Kennedy - 100 Savannah.....".. 42
Bid 11 60600 „ 40
Asked 13 001550 Sebastopol. 60
. , LOCAL. SECURITIES.
Bid 50 San Francisco Gas.'..... '. .' 92 00
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water ; 100 25
Bid '1 Humboldt Bank...... 1100 00
Bid 50 Market-street K. R. ;....' 45 00
•STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• 5- • FR1UA Y. May 1 - 2 p. it.
PJTITKD HTK'TtiA BONDJ.
/ Bit*. : AtkeiLt CM. Aiftad.
C B4seonp..l*'8:i; — t; His re»... 10J»y l09
Do, new I8...117 — I
MIHCKLI-^NKOnS BOVni
Cal-mCbleBii. — US !Da 2d In 61. — . - —
t'al Elec 1j 6s. — 1^3 1/ 2 V <fe O Ry 6s. 105 120
CntraCW6s. 95 97% P&Ch Rr 6s. — 107Vi
Dpnt-st ex-op 77 85 Pwl-st.RB6j. — 116&
EdanJUtP 6S.12U — Beno. WL&Ii — 105
F&CHRR6S. — 107 V River Co6« — 100
6eary-stR5s.l01 104 isactoP & L.. - 102
LooAnsl.6*. — 103 iBF4NPRR5«10JV8 — .;
Do,Unted.6ii. — 103 bPRRAriz6s 95 97
Mkl-stCble6sl23 — BPKKCal6s~108%lll
DoltyCon5»..106 10tjl4 SPiiKCalO*. - —
KevCNgR7s. 95 105 Si'BrKCaia*. 98% —
NPCKK6S.101 - KVWater6s.. — 119*4
K Ry Cal 6s. 101%103Y* &VWater4s.« 99 99%
NRyCalSs. — - StkinU&fitfi — 101
Oak Una 6*.. 100 104 /2;^nnstTAT6a.l00 . —
Do. 2d 183 6s. 103 - Sutter-slR5s.lO7% —
Omnibus &i.. 11914120 VisalUWUd* — 9*4
1'MC.Uolliltix. - — |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 — iSanJoss 75 100
MarlnCo.... — 5iy 2 i«prln5VaUer 99%100%
«-AS MOCKS.
Capital....;.. _ 40 1 Pacific Light. 46% 46*4
Central . 95 — i ban * rancaco 91% 92%
OakUL^BL 621/4 5-M/i biockton, .... — 21%
J-acUasimp, 85% 87 I
IN9UBA.VCK HTO0
FiremanaFd.170 — |6un. ........... 40 — .-'
rOKUEBCUL BANK KTOfRl '.' i
AmerB&TU. — '. ; — LondonP&A. 128 130
Anglo-Cal ... SI 69 : London — 27%
Bank of CaL. 239% — Merch Kx_:. • la —
CalSD&TCo» 54 66 Nevada.. ..U — ' — '-■■'
l.irstNaUoni.178 182% gather BO*. -• —
(•rangers — — , — 1 . /.. ;
•A VINOS BANK STOCKS"
G*rS*LCo..}4l5 — Loan.. — 101
HJumbS&L.llOO 14R0 Security....- — 260
Mutual 37V* 40 Union Trust. — 810
bJbbavUnlon — 485 • ■':-.■-.
j. STRRKT RAILROAD
California.... — 110 iOak.SI«6H»7 — 100
Ueary-sl 60 7' V s Presidio...-. 7% 8*4
MarKet-at..- 46 46.% Sutter-st , — —
POWl'«.K stocks.
Atlantic D... 18 — iJndson — — ' — "?'■
East-rnD... 80 90 Blant. 24% 24S/
California.... 90 — 'Vlgont. 85c 90c
MlsCKLUNvnns STOCKS.
Alaatca Piers. — 96%iOceanIeS9CO 29 32%
BlkDCoalCo. '— 10 • PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMUla.. — — |Pac Borax.- 93 100
CalDrvDoclc — — PacI&NOo. — 30
E<HsonL!gUUll6V 4 11634 PacKoll Mill — —
GasConAssn. — — iParfPainiGa (HA iy±
Git Lead Co. 85 - |PacTranaOo. — 24
BawCASCo*. 19% 20 Vs 1'acTA'i'CJa o 65 . 70
HntchSPCa. 23% »unsetT<ti'.. 41 i — :;-.
JudsonMfgC. .— ■— it'uUtiUUCo.. — 2i
JderKxAasalOO 110 I
. ' SALES — IIUKNI.NM BXSSIO^.
Board— ■ -. ■-.': .!,.-".
87 Kdison Light & Power Co 116 25
135 Giant Powder Con 24 50
7 do do V!4 37%
'25 Hutchlnson S P Co. 23 00
160 <lo do 23 50
50 do do 23 G3Vi
126 do do '. -23 76
•<:0 S F Gaslight 92 00
?1OOOSV«X Bonds 119 26
100 Vigorit Power 90
Street— °
25 Pacific Gas Imp 86 25
35 Pres dlo R 8 00
10 S V Water*... : 100 121&
$5000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 98 50
■ S*LKS-AmBSOUN .-lEaSTON".
Board—
40 Cal Safe Deposit. 64 00
38 Edison Light Power Co 116 25
100 Hutchlnson s P Co. 24 00
25 do do 23 87%
25 do do 23 75 '
125 do do . .; ; 23 62%
95 Pacific Lighting ;....... 46 75
120 SF Gaslight j 92 00 "
100 Vigorlt Powder 90
Street — • . S
60 Bank of California 240 00
£-0 Edison Light & Power Co 116 25
All Record* Cut by the Torpedo-De
stroyer Deaperate.
The terrific speed of the new British
torpedo-destroyer, H. M. S. Desperate, is
the topic of the hour in naval circles. The
last trial of this boat in six runs, on the
Maplin mile, with the standard load on
board, showed a mean speed of 30.46 knots,
or thirty-five miles an hour, with 5600
horsepower, 210 pounds pressure, 24 i-nches
vacuum, 406 revolutions. This is the fast
est boat yet built. The Lucania would
make fifty of her, but she has a sixth nf
the Lucania's power, although with but 50
per cent more speed. She world cross the
Atlantic in a little over four davs. She is
210 feet over all, with a beam of 19 feet 6
inches and a depth of 13 feet 6 inches. The
Government of Great Britain has paid
closer attention to tne development of this
class ot vessel for its navy tnan any other
power, and orders for forty-two vessels of
the kind have been placed with the large
shipbuilding firms of tne country.
In a recent gunnery trial to determine
the efficiency of the battery placed on this
type of vessel a target the size of a first
class torpedo-boat was anchored in the
center of a circle of a radius of 3500 yaras.
Four series of attack were made on this
target at different speeds, and in each cnsa
the firing lasted but one minute. In the
first series, beginning at 1500 yards, a dis
tance of 340 yards was run at the rate of
ten miles an hour. In the eight rounds
fired one (-hot was put through the smoke
stack of the dummy torpedo-boat. In the
second attack, at 800 yards, three of the
eight rounds pierced the conning tower,
boiler and intermediate compartment. In
the third attack, beginning at 1500 yards,
the boat was speeded up to 24 knots, and
of the seven rounds fired while covering
800 yards two rounds pierced the smoke
stack. In the fourth attack, made while
tiie boat was steaming at the highest pos
sible speed and covering 800 yards from an
initial distance of 1100 yards,, two of the
eight rounds fired pierced the tiirtleback
and the conning tower. An average of
six carefully aimed shots per minute was
maintained, and the ammunition was
promptly supplied at this ra.te. but it could
not be increased.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Alta is the highest town in Iowa, 1519
feet above sea level.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMER | DESTINATION. | BAILS.- ' | 1TKB.
Siatnor Cai Portland May 3.10am : Pier it
Eureka — Newoor: ... . May 3. » A Pier 11
CltyPuebU.. Vtc*P«8MlMay 4. 9am p«9 ,
Pomona..... I HumboLdtBay May 6. VP> Pier 9
AUlancharu ; Oregon ports.. I May 6. 5pm i Pier 13
koni«Ko«a.. i San Dle«o May 5.11I11 1 Pier U
CttyPekiDB. China Japan May 5. 3pm ! P M 8 8
Orizaba...... Mexico........ May- 5.10am ! Pier 11
* *° ...... loo« u»y.. May 6.10am I Pier 13
Jaralion aqulna Bay.. May 6 9am Pier 2
«; 0 " £ el H.ver May % 9am Pl«13
**« Paul Ne-.VDort . Mav 7 9am i-,« ii
Columbia... Portland ...::: May 8,10am Per 2*
Colon........ | Panama...... May 8 12 m P M S
Corona...... *an Dievt..... May 9 11am Pl*rll
Walla Wall. Vio d: Pet Snd May 9 9am Tier 9
Steamer j • FBna I Dug '
Colon...;........ Panama. ~~ """^ May «i
Alice BlancnarU Portland^::::;;;"'" " Mav •>
W*~.?° M ««O»B.m. .".."I." "May 3
"'«>«. Eel River May 3
Arae0 ;......... ! coo« Bay ................ ..May 4
romona. HumbouK Bay. ..May 4
4 arallon ....... YaauinaBar May 4
'&«?*•••••••••• Cooa Bar............. May 4
Wellington Departure Bay •... ..Mar 4
Qneen........... Portland. May 6
Iruckee jTillamook ..May 6
Colombia. .-. Panama.....;....;...... ..May 5
«r» 01 .;: •••'••— [Newport ...May 5
« alia Walla.... Victoria & Puijet »onna ..May 5
Cre»c«nt .. I Crescent Citr_ May 6
rjorth i-ort I Qumboldt Bay.......... ..May 6
Willamette j Departure Bay May 6
Coos B»y...... . Mexico ; ..May 6
Lorona.......... San Diego. May 7
Monowal (Sydney .'.May:7.
MacKinaw laroma May 7.
KureKa. ......... Newport...... k .... ..May 9
Del None. ...... OraysHaroor May 9
JEmplre.. :r...v. Portland................. ..May 10
BtawolCil..... foruaaa... . May 10
May, 1896.
— Mo. To. V^_ Th. il^l M °o°v^^r
12 ~~ "
- — j ; L * at Quarter
-L li. _L .1: _!_ _L 9 — — ~-^
ii ii 2! ii ii ii ii © Xew g°?a.
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 /-J\Flrst Qnlrt^
— l^' May in
24 25 26 27 28 | 20 30 ■ -— -
— I (7?l Full 1 Moon
I s1 I 1 I May 26.
V. f*. Coast and Geodetic Sobvet Tid«-»
BCLI/KTIX Published by OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THK SHPKKISTKSDKST. )
Saturday, May a. '■
rises. 5.10]Moon rises.. am
Sunsets 7.03lMoon sets...."."
May— ~ ~"
>!TJm£ Feet TW Feel I Time j Feet Tim. Fe «
5 I H W j [l.w| I H U- | L \V
"2 2.14 5.2 9.44'— O.H 5.42! 3.6 R5(Ji <TT
3 3.2'-' 6.0 10.41 —0.6 6.:i5i 3.8 11.3]: 30
4 4.4.-> 4.5 11.361-0.3 7.18! 4.0 ... j
L W Feet I H \V Feet L W Feet M W Feet
6 0.55 3.01 6.11 4.3 18.28 0.0 7.52 4 ■
6 2.00 2.6 7.-'4 4.3 1.20 0.4 8 24 45
7 2.46 2.0 8.32 4.1 2.04 0.8 1 8.51 47
8 3.18 1.5 9.28 4.0 2.40 1.0 1 9.15 4*7
Note— in tbe apove exposition of the tides th«
•Mly morning tides are given In the left hand
oolumn, and the successive tides of the day in tin
order of occurrence aa to time. The second time
eolnmn gives the second tide of the day, tn« third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlzht
hand column gives the last tide oi the day, excep
when there are bnr three tides, as gometlmU
occurs. The heights given are addition; to tb»
soundings on the United States Oast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtracted
from tbe depth riven bv the charm
branch n ydroobaphio office. u. 3. n. \
Merchants' Exchanor. v
San Francisco, May 1, 189<t. )
Th» time ball on Telegrapn lull was dropp«
exactly at noon to-day— I. e,, et noon of the ViOi
meridian, or exactly at»f. it.. Greenwich tima
A. F. Kkchtklkr,
Lieutenant V. 8. X.. In t hara:<».
Arrived.
- • .-.'/ ■.'.; . ?:. k I FRIDAY, May 1.
U 8 stmr Petrel. Emery. — days from Honolulu
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 48 hours from Car
penteria: 200 tons asphalt urn, to Alcatraz AsDhal
turn Co: 10 tons asphalturn, to Francis Smith.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson, 11 hours from Po'nt
Arena i lumber and baric, to L£ White Lumber
.Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 71 hours from Newport
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
Co. . *y-
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 30 hours from Kure'sa;
97 M ft lumber. 115 cords stavebolta, 345 M
shingles, to J It Hanlfy.
BrshipCralgmore, Veysey, 89 days from New
castle, NSW: 3131 tons coal, to J J Moore <fe Co.
Bark Aureola, Van Dahlern, 9 days from Co-.
lumbia River; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Guide. Olsen, 14 days from Tacoma;lnm
ber, to Golden Gate Lumber Co
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 9 days from
Coquille River; 170 M ft lumber, to C F Doe & Co.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, 10 hours from Fort Ross;
40 bxs butter. 30 noes, to Ross <fc Hewlett.
8chr Coquelle, Pearson, 9 days from Coqullla
River: M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Rio Bey, Isigkeit, 30 hours from Bowens
Landing; 110 M ft lumber, to F He v wood.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 48 hours from Point
Arena: 80 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Del Norte, Brown, 6 days from Coquille
River: lumber and coal, to Kronenberg <fc Carpen
ter. ' Oakland direct. •
Schr Conflanza, Vogel. 6 days from Eureka;
lumber, to Chas .Nelson. Up river direct.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, May 1.
Stmr Sap Juan, Grundel, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Empire, Anderson. Astoria; SPSS Co.
Stmr Kodiak, Nielsen. Kodlak; Alaska Imp Co
Bark Annie Johnson, .Mac-son, Hilo; J D Sprees
els & Bros Co.
Schr Czarina, Schnialz, Apia; J Wightman Jr.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, May 1.
Stmr Corona, Hall. San Diego.
8tmr Geo Loomls, Bridget'.. Ventura.
,Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr San Juan, Grundel, Panama, etc
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz. „
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen.- •
° Bktn City of Papeete, Bernde, Tahiti.
. Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu. »
Scbr Annie Larsen, White, Tac-oma. • "
Schr Marie E Smith. Eosendall, Tacom*. •"
bchr Nettle Low, Low, Point, Reyes. :>'A'j
• Telegraphic.
point LOBOS. May 1-10 p. x.— Weatbar
cloudy, wind S\Y; velocity 16 miles.
Charters.
The Br ship Edenballymore Is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 27s 6d— Is 3d less direct— August
loading. '.
Domestic Ports.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 1—Btmr Whites
boro, hence Apr 30.
PORT II A.K1ORD— Arrived Apr 30— "=chr Gen
Banning, from New Whatcom.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 1— Stmr Noro,
hence Apr 30. ' .-
SITKA— Arrive! Apr 9— Stmr Lakme.; from
Seattle, and sailed the same day for Cooks Iniet.
Anr 10— stmr Kutopia. from Seattle, and sailed on
Apr 11 for Cooks Inlet. ;
I ASTORIA— Arrived May Br stmr Cblttagonz
from Hongkong and Yokohama.
TACOMA— Arrived May 1-Schr Nokomls, from
Newport.
TATOOSH— Passed May 1— Stmr * Willamette
. for sari iranclsco: stmr Umatilla. hence Apr 29
for Victoria. '
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 1— Stmr Alice Blanch
ard. from Portland : schr Emma Utter, from San
Pedro: stmr Arago, hence Apr 29.
Ready for sea— -Mm r Alice an chard, schr C H
Merchant, schr Daisy Rowe. Heavy SW wind
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Apr 30-Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
SANPEDRO-Sailed Apr 30-Schr Una, for
Eureka: schr Sadie, for Astoria; schr Monterey
for Bowens Landtnir. '
PORT II A DLOCK— Arrived May 1— Schr Sequo '
from san Diego. H
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived May 1-Stmr Faral-
Ion. hence Apr 28. via Eureka. *
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 1— Bark Ma 1
tilda, from Honolulu; Nor bark Margrethe. from"
Honolulu; Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, hence Apr
ALBION— Arrived May 1— Schr Bessie K, hence
Apr »
VENTURA— ArYlved May 1— Schr* Fanny Du
tard. from Port Blakeley.
IVERSENS LANDING— Arrived May 1-Schr
Arthur I, hence Apr 28.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived May 1— Schr C T
Hill, hence Apr '1\. •
. SEATTLE— Arrived May 1-Stmr Mexico, from
Alaska: bktn Catherine Sudden, hence Apr 10.
Foreign Forts. ?
DUNGENESS— Passed Apr 30— Br ship Belford
from Hull, for San Francisco.
FALMOU«TH— Sailed Apr 30— Br ship Claver
don, for Antwerp. . . .
HULL— Arrived Apr 29— Br ship Glenbreclc, hno
Nov 18.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 30-«r bark Inver
coe, hence Dec 23.
LONDON— Arrived Apr 30— Br ship Nlobe, hno -
Dec 2: Nor ship Prince Louis, from Vancouver; *
former lost topgallant masts in a squall !~>ec 24.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 1— Br strer Miowera,
from Sydney and Honolulu. , ,
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.'
NEW YORK— Arrived May 1— Stmr New York,
from Southampton: stmr Lucanla, from Liver
pool and Queenstown: etmr Spree, from Bremen
and Southampton: stmr Scandia, from Hamburg;
stmr Columbia, from Hamburg and Southampton;
stmr Georgia, from Marseilles.
Sailed May — simr Aachen, for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out May 1-Stmr
Campania. , . •
HAMBURG— Arrived out May 1— Stmr Augusta
Victoria. .' ■
GLASGOW— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Furnessla, for
New York. ' •' «,
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed May 1— Stmr Nor
mannltt, for New York.
BREMERHAVEN— SaUed May 1— Stmr Dres- l<
den, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed May 1— Stmr Kensington, frm
New York, for Antwerp. o
Importations. "
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 15 cs honey. 13 bx»
lemons.
San Pedro— 79 pkgs mdse, 1530 sks corn,
Hueneme— 50 sks beans. ■
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 4 cs salmon, 25 dma
cheese,* 6 pkgs mdse, 1 sk coffee.
East San Pedro — 6 pkgs mdse.
Ventura— 375 sks beans, 9 pkgs mdse, 2 cs eggs,
5 bxs butter, 79 b.xs oranges. 1 15 bxs lemons.
Santa Barbara— 3 coops chickens. 8 sks crawfish
80 pkgs mdse, 53 bxs lemons. 37. bxs oranges.
uaviota— sfcs wool. 4 bdls pelts, 6 bdls dried
fish. 2 pkgs mdse. i bxs butter. 11 sks crawfish.
ForcHarford— 4 pkgs mdse, 40 bxs butter 21
cs ezgs, 319 sks beans, 10 cs cheese. 11 bxs fish
Cayucos— pkgs mdse, 1 bdl sains, 1 tub 99 bx»
butter, 10 cs eggs, 8 cs cheese, 4 dressed calves'.
. Monterey— 27 pkgs mdse. ..
San Simeon— 59 tubs 72 bra butter, 7 pkgs mdse,
10 cs eggs, 1 coop .chickens. 9 dressed calves.
■ Consignee*).
Per Eureka— W C Price & Co; Gray & Barbierl-
Newmark<fc-Ed\vards: Erlancer <fe Gallnger; Joan
Weiland; M Lemon: Kowalsky <fc Co: s H Emer
son; C E Whitney A Co: Cal & Nev Creamery Co-
Haas, Baruch&Co: J K Armsby & Co: Nathan'
-Sherman <S Co: OB Smith <fc Co; Getz Bros & Co-
Wood, Curtis & Co; Garciadfc Magglni; Jacob Unna
<fe Co: Dairymen's Union: Miller, Sloss <fc Scotf O
A Perkins; Allen* Lewis; California Tvpe Foun
dry; American Biscuit Co: D C Chapman- J a
Foleer & Co; Philadelphia Brewery : M Levy '& Co-
Thos Dennisan & Sons: Wheaton, Breon i Co- P
F Bishop: American Union Fish Co. A Paladi'ni-
JP Thomas; Standard Oil Co: HNTildendc Co
podge, sweenev* Co: Hllnaer, BredhoiT ,t Schulz*-
ElUj Bros: H Kirchmann & Co: Cal Bottlin? Co-
Bis^nger&Co: Ross & Hewlett: J Hoffman; W
W Kussell; CCChupmau: standard Fruit Co- F
Ln <*Co; Norton, Teller <fc Co: HoofeerJtCo; 3
Brunswick: Milani&Co; Ci Camilloni & Co; Pan!
Kennedy: Marshall, Teggart & Co; Excelsior Red*
wood Co: Labor Exchange: H Dutard; F B Halahf
Cliaa Moatsomery <fc Co ; Edwin Fiao. Co.'Many Unique Designs in
Carriage Decorations at
Oakland's Fiesta.
WHEELMEN ON PARADE.
The Crowd Would Have Been
Larger Had May Day
Been Less Stormy.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT OPENS.
The Burlingame Polo Players Ride a
Steeplechase — Miss Anthony
. Dispeased.
Oaki.akd Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
..•.;.' 908 Broadway. May 1. j
The Fabiola fete is over, and it was a
success. Society das paid its annual trib
ute to the institution from which the
fiesta took its name, and if the result is
not so beneficent as was expected it must
be blamed to the lack of sunshine and not
to any- diminution of interest in Fabiola.
AIJ roads le<i to the trotting park to-day.
From the outlying towns and cities and
from San Francisco iarge crowds directed
. their efforts toward reaching Emeryville.
Nearly the whole of Oakland was at the
Dark. Had the sun shone out an hour
earlier the remaining portion of the city
would have gone oat and left the town a
■prey to a few Pandering policemen who
were left on their beats to listen for a pos
' sible alarm.
Dull ana heavy was the dawn of May
day. Dark masses of cloud flew across the
sky, and occasionally a lieht suower fell,
and with each downpour the spirits and
•hopes of a county fell in proportion.
.Commencing about 9 o'clock the proces
sion of humanity toward the park com
menced. The school children led the way.
.:"•.• They Lai their lunches in little boxes and
';;■ were seen by hundreds walking along San
Pablo avenue. The car fare is only a
nickel, but there were thousands who wit
nessed the parade to whom a nickel is a
jirVat consideration. These did not see the
grand parade from reserved seats on the
"grand stand, 'tis true, but they watched
from surrounding fences and barn roofs.
. And although the park was inclosed and
' ' tall policemen kept watcd. over small
■ holes through which small boys could
creep, there was only one entrance, and all
'the gorgeous equipaees and finely dressed
. ladies and their escorts had to pass through
it. Vhile they were on the highway they
were common property, and this view was
■considered recompense enough by many
fof walking a few miles through occa
sional showers and dust.
' . : Then there were the bicyclists. The
; cycle races were in. themselves a gre.it at
■ -traction ; b.ut there is a- general desire
among Oaklanders to see and be seen at
Fabiola fete, and this spirit seeems to pre
vail to a marked degree among the
bloomer girl. Never before in Alameda
County was there such a gathering of the
lady cyclist in all her variety. Several
costumes worn to-day will undoubtedly
set the fashion in bloomers for the coming
season.
. Till long past noon the cyclists pedaled
toward the park. More tandems were seen
. ihat it was thought could be found in all
the wheel stores in tue county. Not only
did the riders wear their nattiest costumes,
but flowers and bright ribbons adorned
every wheel. Many riders had rigged
canopies and arches over their heads and
rode to the fete under a roof of flowers.
As the time for the parade approached
vehicles of all kinds headed Emeryville
ward. Thousands of wistful eyes and
anxious minds tried to prophesy at noon
just what the afternoon would be, but
failed. As the clock struck the hour a
slight shower fell and all the gay occu
pants of al! manner of gay carriages sub
stituted their umbrellas for parasols; but
it did not last, and although the uncer
tainty continued more or less all through
the afternoon and although a Jew sugges
tions of what the cloud contained fell on
the immense throng there was not enough
raid throughout the day to spoil a bonnet
or justify a bad word on Mayday.
The local trains from San Francisco de
. posited gay crowds at every trip and the
Ban Pablo cars did the best they could
.but it was a very poor best. The cars were
not able to handle one-fifth of the passen
gers that were anxious to patronize them,
. and every drag, bus and vehicle in town
was pressed into service, and when all
was done the means of transit to and from
the park was the most unsatisfactory fea
ture of the day.
Walter Hackett once more disappointed
the many who went to the track to see
him ride a burro race. Last year Walter
backed out of the burro race, but this year
he went to Sausahto and has been train
ing mules for two weeks for the purpose of
providing a feature for to-day, but vester
day he notified the ladies in charge that
the owner of the Marin County burros
died suddenly and would not keep his con
tract. Whether this be so or not does not
interest the public, but the fact remains
tn at there was no burro race and the
crowds did not have the supreme pleasure
of seeing Walter rolled several times in
the dust.
President Davis expected 30,000 at the
fete and his figures would probably have
been correct bat for the prevailing uncer
tainty of the w.eather. Probably 10,000
were on the ground during the day, and,
although the floral parade was not so Inrge
as that of last year, there was more origi
nality shown in the designs and a more
liberal display of flowers.
Society Gazed from the Beautiful
New Grandstand at the
" - • Pageant.
The pretty ana spacious grandstand was
filled to-day for the first time. Society en
* throned itself in the reserved-seat section
and cheered to friends in tho floral
parade as lustily as did tboso who stood
outside the fences at the decorated goat
carriages and the steeplechase.
Four thousand faces looked down from
that stand upon the decorated equipages,
and never before has such a distinguished
assemblage been en at Emeryville. .
Music was liberally supplied and uni
formed bands were stationed in many
places and relieved each other throughout
the day. The airs were very cleverly ar
ranged'so as to agree in spirit, with the
particular design before the judges' stand,
whenever such an arrangement was pos
sible.
The busiest man on the grounds was
Captain Wilson of tne police forca. He
left impressions in niany places with his
cane among the persistent small boys and
persistent bovs who were not small. Tfaa
Captain ancf Sereeant Hodckiss were
mounted, and although it was a good,
natured crowd the police bad to do some
very definite work to Keep the course clear
to suit the grand marshal and bis aids.
Chief Lloyd directed his officers and men
in person and was beautifully mounted.
The police force presented an admirable
appearance, and their lack of chevrons
was not noticed.
Captain Fleteher was given a duty he
was unable to carry out, although it must
be admitted he did bis best to obey his
chief. The press box was besieged by
such a beautiml entry, whose only . blem
ish was that it wat not as truthful as it
was attractive. The captain was detailed
to cl«ar it of all but bona fide newspaper
workert. (*reat was his surprise to find
that all had a right to be there— at- least
they all said so and how could a gallant
captain of police resplendent in gold lace
and buttons question the word of a yonng
lady at a Mayday fiesta. Captain Fletcher
reported that the pox w.as occupied by
half a dozen amateur ladies' press associ
ations and the- trouble ended, although it
did not relieve the inconvenience of those
who had a right to be there.
The refreshment booths, which were
such a fruitful cause of discontent last
year, were under the charge of ladies this
year and were conducted to thp satisfaction
of all. Many ladies worked at the deco-t
rations and the effect was very pretty.
Th« fair attendants had a busy day and
did a big business in sandwiches and
coffee. The management of the whole
fete was very carefully planned, and
although it uia not bring out as many
exhibits as was expected, it was not
through any fault of the management.
Many Bsautlful and Unique Turn-
Outs Pass In Parade Before
the Judges' S'and.
The floral parade did not make a start
till 2 o'clock, an hour and a half late, but
as soon as the judges took their position
the pageant was. put In motion. The
judges were: Miss Lou Wall, Miss Wil
cox, Miss Hntchinson, Mrs. Frank Wilson,
Richard Mansfield, Henry J. Crocker, J.
B. Reinstein, E. Peixotto, W. K. Vickery,
Spencer C. Browne, R. D. Yelland and j!
H. E. Partington.
The parade opened with the four-in
hands. There were four entries and the
fast prize was taken by Mrs. P. E. Bowles.
Her entry in the parade was a coach and
four-in-hand, most exquisitely decorated
in garlands of pink and white roses. The
flowers used were Dnchesse, La France and
La Marque roses. The BuTlingame coach
man drove, and the harness and trappings
were in pink satin and roses. The ladies
wore white muslin dresses, big, wide pic
ture hats, trimmed with pink roses, and
carried fluffy parasols of white with roses
tied on the handles. The party consisted
of Mrs. P. E. Bowles, Professor Wilcox,
Miss Myra Pratuer, Miss Janet Watt, Miss
Mattie Knowles, Mr». Seward McNear,
Belle Hutcninson, Miss Bessio McNear!
Miss Amy McKee and others.
This entry was also awarded the banner
for making the best appearance in the
whole parade.
The Central Ban* was awarded the sec
ond prize. The Central Bank people
turned out in a gorgeous six-in-hand
coach, with six outriders. The equipage
was elaborately got up in pold and
blue, the body being of yellow marguer
ites, with monogram of fleur-de-lis in blue
violets. To the vehicle were, driven six
black horses, caparisoned with yellow
satin. The party was attended by .«ix out
riders on coal-black steeds. These were:
A. C. Sagehoru, E. Luce, F. R. GirarU, W.
C. Thomas, Roy Galls and 0. T. Jackson.
G: F. Knox led tiie lead horses. The
party occupying the six-in-hand were:
W. G. Pahnanteer, C. D. Pierce, H. C.
Morris, H. M. Barney, Milton Perkins,
Stanley Crellin, John A. Park and J. W.
Havens, who were attired in white outin"
suits, with straw hats.
The whist club captured the third prize.
This waa one of the striking novelties of
the fete. George Gray, one of the best
whips in the State, handled the reins.
The six horses were all whites, hurnesse 1 ■
with rope^colored harness and rope liars. I
These were set off with ropes of California j
poppies. The vehicle was a large farm !
wagon, with a hayrack covered completely I
with green oats, ana the wheels and tongue i
were covered in like manner. Groat '
bunches of California poppies were placed
here and there, producing a verv striking
effect. The wagon contained "Mrs. H
Meek, Mrs. William Meek. Mrs. James
Allen, Mr*. F. M. Dunwoody. Mrs. N.
Archer, Mrs. R, ri. Knight, Mrs. Irving
Lewis, Mrs. Giles Ea-ston, Mrs. Egbert
Stone, Mrs. George King. They wore
white dresses trimmed with yellow, and
rustic hats to match, and presented a re
markably pretty picture. They were
greeted with apnlause all along tr.e line.
There was only one entry in the tandem
class. It was fhat of Mrs. W. S. Arnheim
and was given a banner.
The next division was two - horse
equipages. The first prize was won by an
English trap entered by M"rs. Thomas
C;ellin and Mrs. Albert Brown. It was
occupied by a bevy of pretty young girls
consisting of the Misses A. " Brown, I.
Hampton, H. Garthwaite, J. Crellin .-ind
O. Middleton. They were gowned in yel
low with hats and parasols to match. The
trap was blanketed with yellow mar
gueriies:. and the bay horses "were in yel
low satin harness. They presented a
lovely picture.
Mra. George Fairciiild took second
honors with a team decorated In pink.
Robes of pinks covered the dashboards
and seats, hanging down in the rear. The
wheels and gearing were also plentifully
i supplied with the same material until not
I an inch of woodwork was to be seen. The
j two white horses had pink satin harness,
I and their manes and tails were braided.
The carriage was occupied by Miss Emily
C. Fairchild, Miss Kittie Fairchiid, Miss
Miln Lally, Miss May Beal and Messrs. F.
B. Winter, A. Kacsar and C. Carman. Mr.
Winter handled the reins. The young
ladies were charming in their full white
duck suits, with white silk parasols. The
whole party wore stra\v hats trimmed with
pink rinbons.
The third prize was given to Mrs. Oscar
Limning and Mi*s Juliet Manvais of £nn
Jose, who were in a hamlsome singU
«eated carriage with coachman. It was
nia-nificer.tiy decorated with St. Joseph
lilies, maidenhair ferns and smilax. The
ladies were dressed in white.
Single teams came next. A. Schilling
won first prize and aiso second prize for
being the best second vehicle on the
grounds. The Schilling carriage was con
structed in the form oi a huge egg of
white marguerites and roses. The egg
was broken at one end and the interior
was done in yellow marigolds. The wheels
were trimmed with smilax and the spoKas
tied with white roses and ribbons. The
body of the veliicle, or massive egg, was
girded with a rope of roses. The horse, a
spanking black steed, was caparisoned
with roses, ferns and yellow satin. The
occupants of the egg coach were Miss*
Elise Schilling and Miss Johanna Volk
inan, and the horse was led by Ed Maieton
in page costume of white satin and gold.
The second prize in this c'ass was
awarded to Miss Ethel Patton and Miss
Caroline Quinn. They drove a basket cart,
trimmed with white marguerites, with gold
trimming* on the wheels and shafts and a
bow .overhead. The body of the cart was
a mass of margiiTitesand created a very
pretty effect witn the bow and streamers
of old-gold ribbon.
Miss Grace Gornil was awarded third
prize. Her trap was exquisitely done in
pink and bine. The body of ttie interior
was lined with blue Matin and the dash
in pink, Jfhe exterior was embellished
with pink ivy geraniums nnd pink satin,
and the sha f ts bound ;in blue. The horse
was white and the harness in harmony
with the whole. The occupants besides
Miss Gorriil were Marietta Havens and
Miss Harriet Kittredge. The young ladies
wore white dresses and leghorn hats,
trimmed with blue.
Then came the novelties. The first
prize-winner was a piece of artillery bat
tery commanded by Varney Gaskill. His
bugler was C. T. Wells of the First Artil-
lery, U.S. A. The leadhorse riders were
John Cunningham and Vernon Waldron.
The four gentlemen were all in dress uni
iorms of their rank. The gun and cais
son were handsomely decorated in white
marguerites, the hubs of the wheels being
in blue bachelor buttons and the felloes
i'i red geraniums. The cannon was in
solid tpo geraniums. On the caisson rode
If re. Varnoy GaBkill, Mrs. Vernon Wai
dron and Miss Margaret Uaskill. They
were dressed in red, wliiteand blue.
The secoml novelty prize was taken bv
Miss Marie Edna Snell. She drove a jin
ricksha completely hidden from vie.v by
white marguerites and their green leaves,
whiie she was appropriately gowned in a
suit of green to match, with >i white mar
guerite hat. The jinricksha was drawn by
three burros, with a Russian arch rising
from the center one, on which was ar
ranged bells. The little burros were in
green namess.
Master C. Parsons, who drove a pretty
little goatcart. drawn by two goats, was
awarded third prize, it was decorated
with all kinds of flowers, and was heartily
cheered.
The single riders were the next class.
Martin E. R. Pence won first prize. He
was dressed in cream flannel trimmed with
yellow satin. His straw hat had a yellow
band with marigolds. His horse had yel
low satin trappings with marigolds.
Miss L. E. Ward took second prize. Her
horse was decorated with yellow ribbons
and marguerites.
The third prize was given to Master Earl
Stinipson, the smallest equestrian in the
parade. He was dressed in a yellow satin
suit with a w-hite cap, big lace collar and
white leggins. The trappings were all
vellow satin with white and yellow mar
guerites.
There were several entries that it was
thought would secure prizes, but they
failed to do so because they were not
strictly floral exhibits, but depended for
effect more on bunting and desiirn than on
tlowers. Particularly was this" the case
with the entry of Mrs. Alexander McBean,
which was a symphony in blue and gold,
and attracted the eye of every University
of California man. The body of the car
riage was covered with yellow satin, and
from four bamboo rods, brought to a center
above the occupants, was suspended a bell
of eschscholtzias, surmounted by a bow of
blue ribbon. The bed of the vehicle was
festooned over the gold by ropes of blue
blossoms tied with gold "ribbons. The
orrupants of the carriage were Mrs. A.
Mt-Ueau and W. T. Marvin, who
wore costumes of blue, with hats
to match, and in the second seat
w.ere Mrs. Walker C. Graves and Miss
Vivie Rector, who were attired in golden
ye'low with hats to match and carried
bouquets of marigolds. The horses were
harnessed with yellow straps and fly nets
of blue. The party was attended by two
outriders in blue and gold floral mantles.
They were Jefferson James Graves and
Walker Coleman Graves. Everything was
in keeping witn the colors, carrying out
the harmony down to the horses' hoofs,
which were tipped with blue and gold.
The Thirteen Club also made a beautiful
exhibit, but it was far more noticeable for
the beauty ot its personnel than that of its
floral display.
The wagonette of the Thirteen Club at
tracted a great deal of attention. It con
tained the Misses Laura Crellin, Mona
Crellin. Grace Ilolt, Ethel Kittredge, Mar
garet Kniglit, Helen Lohtnan, Emma
Mahnnev, Jennie Rawlings, Carrie Ritter,
Coralie Selby, Lilian Strong, Louise Sim
mons and Mary "Whitney. The young
ladies were dressed in white, with white
hats and parasols decorated with bows of
yellow ribbons. The wagonette was cov
ered entirely in yellow satin and gen
erously decorated with wild mustard. It
was drawn by four bay horses in yellow
satin harness.
One of the pretty three-seated carriages
was that of Mrs. G. W. Kelley. The
occupants w*re B. BaKewell and Miss H.
Kelley, C. M. Crais and Miss Luella
Everett, Roy McCabe and Miss Edith
Kelley. Tne light colored suits blended
with the trimmings of sea gerondum
leaves.
A pretty pink and white carriage was
that containing the Misses Mabel Hawes,
Amy Holmes, Luella Underwood, Julia
Underwood, Julia Benzon ana Messrs.
Percy Magill and August Benzon. The
pink geraniums and pepper leaves made
an appropriate background for the
fluffy gowns of the young ladies.
A pretty pony-cart was driven by R. P.
Sherman and his sister, Hazel Sherman.
The vehicle was trimmed in gold and
green, the principal blossoms being wild
jasmins. The pole and reins were wrapped
with yellow ribbons. Mr. Sherman wore
an outing suit and the young lady a white
dress trimmed with yellow ribbons and
chip hat with wide rim.
•
They Hauled Their Hand Engine in
the Parade as in Days
of Old.
The Exempt Firemen were the first to
open the day's festivities. At 10 o'clock
they mustered at their headquarters on
Eighth street and manned their old en
gine, Vigilant, and made a tour of the
town.
The Exempts, in their line of march,
stopped before the office of W. J. Dingee
and gave that gentleman a surprise.
The band was ordered to take up a posi
tion in front of Mr. Dingee's, and, as soon
as it had complied with the order, a sere
nade was played.
It was then decided to have a commit
tee call on Mr. Dingee, and after a little
dela v the committee, comprising Messrs.
Moore, Poody, Cahill, Le Fort, Tyrrell,
Campbell and several others, were ad
mitted to Mr. Dingee's private office.
President Moore bore in his hand a fine
firemen's helmet and a black patent
leather belt on which in white letters was
the word "Exempt."
Mr. Moore saiU that he desired to pre
sent Mr. DiiiRee with the hat and belt,
and at the same time he pJaced the hat on
Mr. Dingee's head. He then stated that,
in behalf of the Exempt Firemen of the
city of Oakland and in appreciation of
Mr. Dingee's kindness, the association had
made Mr. Dingee an honorary member,
and that the latchstring of the door would
always be out to him and his on the Dart
of the Exempts. He said that they had
forwarded to him a notice of his election
as an honorary member of the association,
ana that the hat and belt would be a badge
of his position.
Mr. Dingee was evidently pleased with
1314
I'ALACK HOTEL.
H Sherman. Salt Lake Couut Oriola, Germany
K I. Fulton, Reno R A Graham, Oregon
W iliticif & w, N Y F Hume & w, Los Gatos
\V Oliver t w, Victoria Mrs Farnbam, N Y
J W Kirk, N Y Mrs <i H Farnham, N Y
Mrs Wyntera, Calcutta Miss K Farnham, Boston
<: Drew it w, England Miss 1. Farnh&jn, Boston I
0 Mscnair, Scotlam! O W Mosher <fe w. Wit
¥ H Glbhs, Scotland W Bliss <fc w, NY
Mrs J Schiui'd^ Buffalo Miss M Barnes. R Y
Miss J Schlund. Buffalo Miss Barnes, N Y
Miss Schlund. Buffalo M Arisenatit <£ m. N Y
¥ S Cox, San Jose \V Amberg <fc w, N Y
Mrs 8 San born, N«wton Mis'ses Ambers, N Y
B Rospnbaum & f, Cal M Best «fc w, N Y
Mrs Cntta, Mare Island \V A McCreary. Burling
J Wells Smith, Colorado T Fraser, London
M seilar, London H H Hlnabaw, Burling
H Oppenhelm, at Paul B A soth, Chicago
K H Keith, Kansas City A Hoffman, Germany
Major Johnson, London G E Goodman & f, London
\V S Still, Chicago 8 M Murtrie, Mexico
Mrs Msttuieson, ChicagoMrs J Green, StjLouis
M S Niswander, Iowa T A Griftin. Y S !S Petrel
ii H Beliinfcs. Cleveland Mrs BellinRS, Cleveland
.) F Dunne «fc w. f> Felipe G W Lowry Jr, S Felipe
K K Colcora. Carson . J M Oakley, I'ittsburg
Mrs M J Cochrane, X Y Mrs K M t-ancherz, N Y
W a Yarnall. Phfla J H Gail & w, Buffalo
H H Caldwell, 0 SNavy J F-Farraherdt w, Yrek«
K J Crane & w, California
GRAND HOTEL.
W Nlcholls Jr, Imtch Fit J Green, Sacto
G W Williams, Sacto V F Smith. Sacto
C Jlorbert, Cal .1 Smitn, Cal
1> F Mc.Phail, Hollister W Harmon, UollisWr
li L Davis, Cal K E Morse, Santa Cruz
J A Brown, Sucto W H Harron, (ieysers
. P Grunslcy, stoclcto Mrs Gnin«'<y <fe ch, Cal
M <ilnzber;:, -N l Y Warren >e.\;ou. Orovllle
Mrs W Cal Mrs J Beddick, Cal
C A Brud, I'asaiiena Mi»s Brad, Pasadena
MrBrud, Pasadeaa K H Brown, 111
Mrs L San Jose Miss lord, San Jos«
Mrs t. Keeds, SairJoie J Ji Brownlee, Vallejo
Mrs I Ilobinmon, Iowa .Miss Robinson, Iowa
>lissM A Robinson, Iowa H L Coulter, st Joseph
J B'Pt-abody <t w.Victria Johu K Jackson, Cal
W B Cook, Kurelca' M .Svenson <fe w, t«alin»s
■ C. A Howe, Paciiic Grove H W Roberts, Seattle
H W Heath, Chlco Mrs J P Pinkham, Mass
n Napwoll, RichnionJ Miss R M Aapwell, Va
MrsRA Napwell, Va Miss R Robiuson, Iowa
H.A McCraney, Sacto H A Preston, Jamestwn
' T F McGovern, souora J Bock, Mills
J F Bre«n, Hollister X C smith, San L Oblspo
W T Flint, ban Juan W B Metier, Stockton
J K Bcbaeffer, uridley F Mattison, Santa Crux
' .J< L Coombs. Napa Mrs W Barrow, Cal
s J sill ,$: w, Sau Diego E L Webber, Napa
Y l'.uxer, Eureka Mrs G Jeffries, Red Bluff
LICK HOUSE:
T E Johnson, San Jose W Tinnell, Napa
\\ H Devliu, sacto N A Clinch, San Jose
: >lrs 1 E t'Unch, san Jose J C Ball, Woodland
Mrs Alston, sacto I Alexander, Sacto
Gto F Buck, Stockton F W Hatch & w, Agnews
A 'Gonzttle t . Gonzale3 A E Miller, Sacramento
Theo<i Filers, Sacto C Y. Emerson, Susunvlle
(. i ■ hri»f mau, Fresno M F Brown, .rtarysviile
<; Bacol.San Mateo W S Goodfellow, E Oak
W spiers. Calistoea W Hall, .*ed Bluff
H Hail. KeJ Bluff J V) DoweU, Fr».ino
Ii J "Mcl>onald, >onora Mrs F KOardher, Brklyn
« B Yo.niBer Jr. Stanford J Feeley, Red Bluff
}I H I plif.m, Maitinez H Cleary Jr. SiocKton
E R Tl'jomiison. S;ocktn(i E t.c(-!e-<. Mt View
t.uv Cuauer, Belmoat >Irs C H Bunker, Chicgo
Miss Buuker, Ciii.ago C B Watson, Ashland
Artfiur Grey, K Y B Meyers. ein. Venture
V> T Donelass, Nev City J II Palmer, ( nl
W N Kuss, E'.ireka W H MrMitin, San Jose
J ESpracne, Seattle WH Perry, Los Angeles
.\ W Jou-s Jr, Monterey R L Crooks <fc w. Eureka j
J S Burch, Tulare M J Haber, San Jose
1 B Hazleton & w, Bklyn M L Hazleion. Brooklyn
P M Hitzl-toii, Brooklyn H W Youns, Naj>n
J Swegeut, San Jose J W McKeen, Watsonvlle
W carter, Pinole
■':'■' ■"• "•' . ; russ HOUSE. 5>
• " B E Corbln, Colorado Ji C Pierce, Colorado
:■ V H Davis, Santa Rosa Mrs A Pecker, Tacoma
MissBFreeman.Tacorua M Hull, Sacramento
i Gistrin^on, Corning C C castle, Stockton
.. '.F H "Fish, steward's Pt J S Morgan <fc w.Belraont
\ AI,schoemack:er,stocktn K II Cohen, Now York
I. M'spracue. New York \V Prlnam, San Arrto
'.McLauKhlin, San Ardo A Bratrdon, SaD Ardo
- • A B Boland, Chico ., E McGetilRau, Vallejo
. W D Keyser, Pieta C Shirley <fc w, Cal
; T A peacock. sanRafael H Brown, Holllster
. J B"Burrell, Wrights J Horan, California
" ' W. Vanduzer, California A L Brock, California
•.- G H Cart «S w. N V J Brick, Wadsworth
■ A Duncan, Fresno A Manna, Daytonw
. • D Youug, Stockton A C Perry«fcw.Itound Vat
■• Kllicutt, Sac Jose J W Brown, Downlevlile
A Clauton, Concord J B Dods, San a Rosa
- HKHulbert<£«-,St. Rosa J C Tllbertson, st Helena
' Mrs E Cook, Winters J H RIdgeway, Mariposa
H. Redman, Mariposa
-., COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
E S Ward, San Jose J McCray. San Jose
■ u Bruce, Denver K \V Wilson, J,os Angeles
E'F Walker A- son, Ind OB P.eas<tw,l'orters\ille
. : Miss La Fallitte, Or H II biter <£ wf, Seattle
. J Robertson, Seattle .1 Mollarky, "sea-.tle
a Pegenbrest, .Snaltle J i> Robinson, Seattle
It slater, Seattle. E W Wilson, Los Angeles
..'■E Weeks. Santa* Cruz ■ K Barker, Angela Camp
A ¥ Helmer.- S Jiak . L R Tatro, Seattle
O Monkon. Fresno H W Haddix, Das Paloa
. C W Peck, Bakerifield R Powers, Park, Wash
.• R Healey, San Jose J McCray, san Jose
MS X'endleton, Stockton R C Funder, San Diego
j J T Anderson, Fresno J C Tucke»-<J: «-, San Jose
J H Tickle a- m, San Jose
: ; . . BALDWIN HOTEL.
' -'. J J Grossman, Carson S Mlehcivaco, Napa
J. L Jones, Napa T W Moore, Napa
(5 A Ber«\vall, Vallejo J R Smith. N Y
; 1. Thome. Los Angeles W Wolfe, Chicago
- T < » W.-nder, Fresuo H Labell, San Die^'O ■
J C Crooks. N Y K C Han it w, Shasta
- V.'.L Barnes, Detroit ' F C Allen, Sacramento
'" ' H Moore. Seattle • C Thomas Selma
i . .H seaman. El Paso C J Jonnson, El Paso
. Mrs J Johnson, El Paso 11 Willis, Deming
■■-. B. Seawall. I'eming : C Faulkner. Los Ang
Muller. San Diego B Scott, San Diego
J H.Martin, Sacto C Barns, Vallejo
• . •• -• NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
(i A Smith, Falrfleld A M Byrnes, Reno
. S SnmmPrs, Reno T Moilitt, Philadelphia
Geo Nelil, Sausallto • t. Ellis, Livermore
. T - Clanssen, Sausalito Chas soaty, USA
•T i Quigley'. Sansalito . T M Brown, New York
S.W McJIurcher, NY T J Sommers, St Louis
.. Oeorce Pnrlenky to Christiana L. Purlenky, lot
■ on N line of Oak street, 110 of Octavia, 27 :6
by N 120; gift.
■' ,A. arid Chanty Hayward to Charles Freiermuth,
.' lot on Sline of Lombard street, 112 E of Octavia.
• S 137:6.- K 'JO, N 140: $10.
John W. Keid to Maria. Reid, lot on S line of
Hayes street, 90 \V of Webster, W 25 by 8 137:6"
■. gift. ; ■•
Gertrude S. Bowers to Sarah J. Eaton, lot on R
line of Jackson atreet, 162 Wot Fillmore, W 6 by
J>." 127:8V*: gift.
.. City .and County of Ban Francisco to Charles T.
• -ai>d°A bbie L. Patriarche, lot on S line of Pacific
. avenue,' 137:6 E of Sterner street, E 25 by S
■■ m:8y 2 : * — • • .»
° -.Charles T. Patriarche to Abbie L. Patriarche,
Enme: gift. : o o
' Charles F. and Mary H. Braner to Christiana L.
„•• Purleukv, lot on N line of Fell street, 166:3 \V of
; FtUmore, W 25 by N 137:6; $10:
o "F. B. and Annie J. Moors to George H. and Fan
nie E. Nelson, lot on S line of Sacramento street,
a lt5a \V of Devisadero, W 23 by S 132:7, subject to
- * mortgage: »10.
| . ,E. K. Uriscoll to Carrie Drlscoll. lot on E line of
Shrader street, 75 2» of Beulab, N 25 by E 110
gift.. * . .-■-..--
Mary I. Parkinson to Thomas T. Pottinker, lot
• on W line of Cole street, 75 a of Waller, b 25 by
; W 109:41%: 10.
*• "Thomas T. and Susie . E. Potlinger to Jacob F.
-Schemp, same; $10.
5 •Thomas Tieroey to Agnes E. Tierney, lot on N\V
line of Bryant street, 105 NE of Tenth, KB 25 by
> W 85: gift. .
• .Bartolomeo and Adelaide Cuneo to Giuseppe
, Solarl, lot on 8 line of Fifteenth street. 100 E of
Castro, E £5 by S 115: $ 10.
. ' Martin Joost to Jacob V. Jackson, lot on W line
of Dolores street, 192:6 B of Army, N 84:6, W 90
' 0 8 25, k, 50. 8 95. E 15, NE to banning: 10.
•Robert J. and Maria E. Haclcley to Andrew
;■ -Foreman Sr., lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street,
■ 101 E of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), E 50 by X 114;
■■?l(l. „ • o
V George Metcalfe to Eva Metcalfe, lot on N line
of Geary street, 137:BWof Mason, W 68:9 by >
.Adolph Siuro to' Rachel Max, lots 23 ana 24
.Ijlock outside land; 910. <-
George \V.|and Caibe M. Johnson (nee Doircen
to William Uogget, lot on WE Imp of Xaioraa
«. street, 200 NE of Seventh, KK 25 or SE 75- 85
George II. Asliion to Solomon Getz,lot on \V line
. of.Forty-jjeventh avenue, 225 S of 1 street, S 150
by W 1-0;
• » Robert K. an:i Jane M. Nell by Snsett« Lewing
ton. attorney; to" James Camp, lots 27 to 30 35
36. 39, 40, blocK 5, JLakevievv; 10. ' '
A1A1CESA COUNTY."-!'^
Thomas and Rose Latimpr to P. C. Rossi, lot on
K i!cf>i of Campbell street, 56:3 8 of Eighteenth s
■ 26 by E 110, being lot 10, block 740, Oakland- «10
A. V. Taohy to Mery A. Tnohy, lot on 8 line of
• Jones street, l£90 W of Telegraph avenue, \V 60 by
S 100, being portion of Jones Tract, Oakland •
92600.
• ia C L. Taylor. Alice S. and Mary C* Blake (trus
t'ec«.of Ethel Pomroy) to Nellie F. Witcher (wife
- of \v. V.),:undivided 2-6 interest in lot on S line of
Albion street. 120 \V ■ of Telegraph avenue s
343 13, W 64, N 142.89, E 54 to beginolntr, being
the B 24 feet of lot 27 and W 30 feet off rear of
■ ' . lots 24, 25, 26, Alden Tract. Oakland; grant. "
Mary C. BlaKe to same, undivided half Interest
1 in same, Oakland: gift. -
I Alice S. Jiiake and Nellie C. Witcher (wife of W.
° , V.) to Charles L. Taylor and Mary C. Blake (trus
tees for Ethel PomYoy),' undivided two sixth in
. terest In lot on S line of Albion street, 174 W of
■ Telegraph avenue, 142.89. VV 53, N ■ 142.66, E
S3 to beginning, being the W 26 feet of lot 27 and
K 27 f«« of lot 28, Alden Tract, Oakland; grant.
Mary C. Blake to Ethel Pomroy, undivided half
Interest In same. Oakland; gift. .*
Nellie F. Witcher. Charles L. Taylor and Mary
m C- Blake (trustees of Ethel Pomroy) to Alice
Blake, undivided one-third Interest in lot on S
v line or Albion street, 227 W of Telegraph avenue.
■S 142.66, W 53, N. 142.53. E 63 to beginning,
1 being the \V 23 leet of lot 28 and E 30 feet of lot
29, Alden Tract, Oakland: grant.
Mary C. Blake to same, undivided half Interest
.* iii same, Oakland; gift. • ;-?.\, ■ ■•■ •• ■
Philip M. and Anna <*. FiRlier to JohnA. Byr,
- lot h««lnninj: at a point «ft vv c>t Is Vt corner of
. . ivralta avfeuufs' dmt Spruce street. W 76 y IS
- 103.60, being the \V h.ilf of lots 1 and 2 in j>lut
- 17, Amended Map of Lake View, .Cast Oakland •
, - «10.
Oakland Water Front Company (a corporation)
- to Savings and' Loan Society .not on hE line of
Twelfth avenue with \V boundary of Ranclio San
- Autoiiio, thence SE. followiui; said W boundary
line of said Kancho San Antonio .to the point of
.-intersection thereof with line of Fourteenth
avenue, SW to a point distant 256 ssv from the
"' point in SE lino of | said Fourteenth avenue where
. s\V line of East Twelfth street would. if j projected
i sk in a straight line, intersect same, thence SW to
B a point in the N pier head line of Oakland harbor,
, as established by the United States Govern
'•'■-* . • ■ - ■
meDt, thence yv to a point from which
a point in tbe . SE line of Twelfth
avenue extended SW and distant 3J0 SW from
the intersection of S\V line of Kast Eleventh
street with 8E Hne of Twelfth avenue bears NK.
thejice >il% to last-raoDtioned point on SE line of
Twelfth avenue, extended SW antl distant 320 s\v
from S corner of 1 .velft-h avenue and Kast Elev
enth street, thence NK along SE line of Twelfth
avenue, so extended to. point of beginning: also all
of block 5t> of .James B. Lame's Addition to Clin
ton aud San Anloaio streets, except so much as N
embraced wltnin ;.mi between SE Hue of Sixteenth
avenue extended sw and aline drawn parallel to
Raid last-named I ne and distant therefrom SW
300. East Oiikian : , ;iUn franchises, etc., on said
lands, J-.ast Oakland: $10.
W. w. Finch to Man. Finch, lots 31 and 32,
Drexler Tract- Oakland- Township; sift.
W. C. and Ida C Savage to John L. Howard, lot
on SH corner of 'ielcgraph and Moss avenues, E
1020.67, s 6H2.4K, W 1D20, N 713.50. to beginning,
bem* portion Jlcis Tract: a'so lot on SE corner of
Telegrapti and Muss avenues, K 1020.67; thence
N on a line parallel with E line of Telegraph
avenne a distance of 10 feet across Moss avenue to
center of old couitj' road, thence W 1020.67, S 10,
to bCRinuing, Oakland Township, quietclaim
deed: 8 .
John Kistrem tr> O. A. Ristrem, lol commenc
ing at SE corner vt Clifton street and Locksley
avenue. WE 100 hi 8\V 83, beinc portion of Locks
lev-square Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland Town
ship; 91.
Aloiizo Moore to Christopher Johnson, lot on E
lino of Seventh street, 1&0 S of University avenue,
S50 dj- E 136, being lot 17. block 97, Tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Associa
tion, Berkeley : 510.
W. K. and "in-lia t'. N. Brown to T. H. Bpeddy,
lot on \V line .f <>dar street, 440 S of Clinton
avenue, W 130. s to patent line of Rancho San
Antonio. E to a point where the same would be
Intersected by V.' line of Cedar street if extended
S, thence N to b< ginning, Alameda: 810.
A. V. I^ancait'T to W. .r. rrton, lot on SE corner
of Santa Clara avenue (-fnce wiJeDed) and Morton
street, K 150 by S 140, Alameda: 9 10.
Ernest A. ami Barbara K. Fischer to George T.
"Watterson. lot u H lin • of Central avenue, a* it
now exists, 7ft W of La- ireite (Nineteenth) street,
W 73 by S 140. Iwin? t l 3 and W U3 feet of lot 2,
block 2, amendod map Bartlett Tract, Alameda;
?10.
Jui'ders' Contracts.
F. C. Howarc with Louis Cuneo and O. B. Ca-
Taglia. all wor^ for a 2-stbry building on SW line
of I'ore street, 2 SO SE of Harrison ; $JJOO. Plans
by owuer.
Board of Education of San Francisco with J. H.
McKay, waterrlose'.s, outbuildings and bulk
head at the German Primary School at the N\V
corner of Bush and Taylor streets ; S1600. Charles
I). Havens, architect.
Same with same, same at Loncfellow Primarv
and liincon Giamtaar School building on Sliver
street, near Seoond; 52800. Same architect.
Same with J. J. J'owling, same at Cooper Pri
mary School building on SUneof Greenwich street,
37:6 \V of Jones; *7997. Same architect.
The late Sir Richard Burton was explor
ing an unknown corner of Afghanistan
once, and lif d adopted the disguise of a
Mohammedan fakir.
He played his part so well in one villaee
that the inhabitants formed a very high
idea of his sanctity. Naturally he wa3
jiluming himself on his success, when the
elders came privately to him one night
and begged him to go away at once.
"Do not the people like me," asked
Burton, in great surprise.
"Indeed they do," was the reply. "They
were considering whether it would not be
a good thing to possess your tomb, they
are so enchanted with your holiness."
Sir Richard made the best of his speed
away.— Detroit Journal.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the ; par.
BRANCH OFFrCES-530 Montgomery itrMt
corner Clay , open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hbvph street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 L«rkln srreet, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corotr Sixteenth and Mission streets, opet
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.1516
Henry Ryan Leaves Brow:
Craig & Co. in the
Lurch.
WENT AWAY ON MONDAY
Foresters of America Losers to
the Tune of Five Hundred
Dollars.
ACME COTJBT FULLY PROTECTED
The Defalcation Is a Genuine Surprise
to His Many Friends — Wine
and Women.
Henry Ryan, solicitor for Brown, Craig
& Co., general fire insurance agents, has
disappeared, leaving behind him a short
age of from |75O to $2000.
in addition to this Ryan is also behind
in his accounts with Acme Court, For
esters of America, of which order he is
treasurer. The amount of the defalcation
bo far discovered is $-500, but there is a
general belief that the total will run much
higher before the investigation is con
cluded. Acme Court, however, is safe
from financial loss, because of an ample
bond furnished by the Pacific Surety Com
pany.
It is the old story of wine and women
with the cards left out. To the general
public he was a modest, unassuming fel
low witn all the virtues ana none of the
vices. In adddition to these outward
traits of character the absconding treasurer
and solicitor is half dead with consump
tion. Ryan is a married man with two
children. Less than a year ago the couple
separated, the wife going to her mother's,
the husband taking up his abode at 537
Minna street. It is then that he is sup
posed to have commenced the double life
which ended in a dual defalcation and a
hasty departure for parts at present un
known.
Ryan has been in the employ of Brown,
Craig & Co. for three years, ana up to a
few months ago was prompt in his returns.
At that time he bezan to fall behind in
his collections, reporting to the office that
the parties insured pleaded hard times
and wanted an extension ranging from
thirty to ninety days.
As he had been connected with the firm
in the capacity of a solicitor for more than
two years, and had been previously
prompt in his settlements, Brown, Craig
& Co. thought nothing strance of the re
quest. From that time until two weeks
ago he placed to his credit various small
sums of money, accompanying each pay
ment with the statement that "so-and-so"
desired an extension of time.
In this way the account ran up into the
thousands, and last week Rvan was asked
to. make a full settlement. There was not
the remotest suspicion at the time that
the collector was short in his accounts,
but as the amount was large the insurance
people concluded that they must either
have their premiums or the policies.
Ryan was accordingly notified that he
must either cancel the insurance or settle
up. He promised to ao the latter.
Last Saturday the solicitor failed to
show up, and the same thing occurred on
Monday. Then his employers began to
feel a trifle uneasy. The books were care
fully gone over and a list made of every
outstanding policy on which the premium
had not been paid. To one of the special
men in the office was intrusted the duty
of finding out just how Ryan stood with
the insured and "the firm in the matter of
premiums not accounted for.
The investigations up to yesterday ■
showed that Brown, Craig <fe Co. were out
of pocket at least $750, and the end is not
yet, for scores of people who have insured
with the consumptive solicitor remain to
be seen- The total shortage may run to
$2000 — possibly toore. It was found that
Ryan had collected the premiums, giving
the regular receipt for the same.
"We cannot tell as yet the exact amount
of the defalcation," said Mr. Craig yester
day. "The amount so far discovered
reaches exactly $7o0, but not nearly all the
people insured by him have been seen.
Ryan came to us two years ago well recom
mended. He furnished a personal bonU at
the time. Up to a few months ago he set
tled regularly, and then h« began to plead
hard times. Jtlis past record was good,
and consequently we felt no hesitancy in
giving him all the latitude desired. How
he has abused this trust has already been
told. Of course I am surprised — immeas
urably so. I don't think, however, that
we could be imposed on again."
Henry Ryan was past high chief of the
Foresters of America,. Eighteen months
ago he was elected treasurer of Acme
Court, which office he filled to the satis
faction of his associates. When at the be
ginning of the present year Henry Dona
hue was elected chief* ranger of Acm#
Court be insisted that all officers file a
bond with some surety company. Ryan
with the others was accordingly bonded
by the Pacific Surety Company, and now
that institution will be called upon to
make-good whatever loss Acme Court has
sustained.
"I a-m sorry this matter got out," said
Henry Donahue, chief ranger of Acme
Court, last night, "but in view of th« fact
that it is public property there is no reason
why 1 should not tell what I know. Last
week I discovered that certain bills which
should have been paid by Ryan were still
standing against the court. At the regu
lar meeting on Friday nieht I called
Ryan's attention to this, and he promised
to attend to it i-n a day or two.
"The surety company was notified of
Ryan's snortage, and tne next day they
asked him to call. In reply to this request
the now absent treasurer sent a letter say
in? that while it was true the bills had not
been paid everything would be all Tight in
a dav or so, and that any question raised
at this time would do him an irreparable
injury.
"Well, the suretv company accepted the
explanation and Ryan took advantage of
it. I saw him last Monday, and was to
have met him again, but he never showed
up the next day. So far as we are able to
learn, he disappeared Monday night. He
secured about $.300 from us, though the
amount may run much higher when the
investigation is completed.
"It seems strange that Ryan would do
such a thing. He enjoyed the conlidence
and respect of his associates, and if he had
told them of his troubled 1 have no doubt
they would have come to his sescue. In
fact, many have told me as much in the
last few days. I' can't imagine how he
spent so much money, unless he had pri
vate vices of which we know nothing.-
The statement is made that he carried a
woman away with him, but at. present- 1
do not credit the story. In tne iirst place,
he is a physical wreck, and, in addition to
this, he never gave any outward evidence
of being a high flyer."
In addition to soliciting insurance for
Brown, Craig & Co. and filling the duties
of treasurer of Acme Court lliyan was pro
prietor of the Popular saloon on O'Fanell
street. Last Monday he disposed 6t this
property and then "disappeared. So far
the surety company has not been able- to
gain the slightest clue as to his where
abouts.
It is said that his fiiends are making an
effort in two cases. As yet no warrant has
been aworn out for his arrest. Ryan lias
not been at his home, 537 Minna street,
since last Monday night.
William Dressier Because of Lung
Trouble Will Take a Long Rest.
William D. Dressier, the newspaper
man, known generally as Jake Dressier
left a day or two ago for lndio, on the Col
orado desert, and will probably remain
there several months. Mr. Dressier has
bqpn in poor health for some time.
One of his lungs is seriously affected,
and he has had two or three serious hem
orrhages. He has been advised by his
physician that if he •would go there and
desist eotirely from work, remaining quiet,
he would probably recover. But if he re
mained here he was advised his cane would
certainly grow worse. Dressier weighs
180 pounds, which is more than he ever
did in his life, and the condition of his
lungs is scarcely accountable to him.
Brown's Enemies Are Now Seek
ing to Oust His Able
Lieutenant.
The Minister Will Preach His Fare
well Sermon To-Morrow — The
Opposition Meets.
Now that Brown has been officially rele
gated to the position of a layman the
leaders of the opposition who really
brought about his downfall think they
have another dnty to perform. They
want to be well rid of Deacons I. H.
Morse, D. Gilbert T)exter »nd Joseph Van
concellos, but Ihe trouble is that they
don't just know how to go about it.
"Deacon Morse,'' said a leader of the op
position yesterday, "is more objectionable
than either Dexter or Vasconcellos, be
cause he is more active and more capable,
and less susceptible of the ordinary
qualms of conscience. Why, look at his
rulings Wednesday night. If I might be
allowed to use a vulgarism, I should say
they were the N ' rockiest' I ever heard of.
But what is the use to talk about it? We
must get rid of Morse in some way."
Deacon Morse is certainly the Pooh-Bah
of the First Congregational Church. He
is a deacon, member of the board of
trustees, treasurer, superintendent of the
Sunday-school and chairman of several
important committee. . With" Deacons
Morse and Dexter rests the matter ol ar
ranging for services until a new pastor can
be secured. The opposition seems to
thint that these, two gentlemen will call
on Brown from Sunday to Sunday for
many montha to come, and of course
Brown will have to be paid for his services,
and the supposition is that he will receive
the proportionate part of $4000 a year for
each sermon delivered.
The opposition held a meeting in the
Columbia building last night, to discuss
this very thiag, and of course Morse came
in for his share of criticism, the consensus
of opinion being that the First Church
would never be fully reunited so long as
he had an official existence. While no
definite action waB taken, it was deter
mined to look up the Congregational law
on the subject and see just what could be
done, if anything. Of course those pres
ent took occasion to congratulate each
other over the outcome of their long and
successful battle for the purity of the First
Church. •
Dr. Brown has given it out that he will
preach his farewell aermon next J3undev.<
This would seem to mean that the retired
pastor means to live up to his "resigna
tion " in letter and spirit. There are tnose
who think, however, that if his lieu
tenants. Deacons Dexter and Morse ask
him to fill the pulpit he will not refuse
The opposition declares positively that if
he adopts such a course the courts will be
appealed to on the ground that he is no
longer a minister.
Dr. Brown as staled in The Call of yes
terday has given up his house on Geary
street with a view of spending a few
months with friends. One report says
that he is going to Sonoma Count}', and
another to San Diego. It is generally be-,
lieved, however, that he and his family
will remain in the City.
Visiting Cards, Wedding Invitations and
Announcements engraved and printed. Cor
rect styles and reasonable prices. Sanborn
Vail <fc Co., 741 Market st. •
A .: Costly Reproduction of the
Ghildren of Israel's Famous
Creation.
KELCHNER'S FOUR YEARS' WORK
An Elaborate Model of the Remark
able Structure That Was Put
Together at Sinai.
An elaborate, costly and quite interest- 1
ing model of the ancient Jewish Taber
nacle has just been completed and set up
in a vacant downtown hall by J. W.
Kelchner. ■
Mr. Keichner is a bright young Seventh
day Adventist who has been traveling
about the United States for several years
lecturing on religious subjects. Four
years ago he began planning his model
and now that it is done it will be the sub
ject of a new lecture.
The tabernacle, as : reproduced by
Keichner, is an exceedingly rich and
picturesque thing in its architectural plan
and arrangement. The model is one
eleventh the size of the original, making
the court sixteen feet long and tne taber
nacle within it seven feet long and thirty
inches high. As a background there is a
large panoramic painting showing the en
campment of Israel by Mount Sinai.
Tnis is the most elaborate, large and
costly model of the tabernacle ever con
structed. It follows minutely the descrip
tion of the tabernacle given in detail in
Exodus, and each of the 1700 pieces is
made and fitted according to the direc
tions given for the original and as far as
possible is made of the materials de
scribed.
The result is a striking reproduction of
the wonderfully rich and ingeniously con
structed combination of temple and tent,
imposing, portable and peculiar in desipn, .
about which so much dl the history of the
people of Israel clusters.
The court, 100 cubits long, is shown sur
rounded by a wall of curtains supported
by elaborate pillars held erect by ropes.
In the court are the great altar for burnt
offerings and the laver. The front of the
tabernacle shows great columns like
those of a Greek temple and for the rest it
is exteriorly like a jrreat A tent, the cover
ings beinj; of the rich materials described
and fastened to the ground by stakes.
With the coverings removed the struc
ture containing the Holy Place and the
Holy of Holies is seen to consist of two
large rooms, with tent covering for its
peaked roof, and to be made <>f large up
right boards, overlaid with gold, ingeni
ously locked tocether. In the model the
boards are gilded, as are the altars the
mercy seat and most of the other features
and furnishings of this structure. The
hangings are of elaborately embroidered
silk, purple and fine linen and of the other
materials described in Exodus. .
Mr. Kelchner i» as proud of his creation
as the children of Israel were of .theirs in
the shadow of Sinai. It represents four
years' planning, several thousand dollars
of expense and the labor of thirty-six me
chanics for many weeks in Chicago.
Mr. Kelchner has been able to get his
proportions and plans all right, but the
ornamental designs had to be left to the
imagination, and that explains the strange
presence of Corinthian capitalson columns
that were reared some thousands of vears
before Corinth was.
the courtesy shown him, and said that he
appreciated very much the honor that had
been conferred on him. He had received
the certiiicate of his election as an hon
orary member, and he looked upon it, he
said, with great pleasure, and was gratified
to be considered a member of the Exempts'
Association.
Mr. Dingee then passed the cigars around
among the guests, and at the request of
the committee, with the fire helmet on his
head, walked to the street entrance, where
the band played a few bars in an excellent
strain.
The ; presentation to Mr. Dingee was
made because that gentleman had sub
scribed liberally toward the fund for pur
chasing the old hand-engine.
The Exempts concluded their Maydav
celebration with a grand ball at Germania
Hall.
The Noted Suffragist Wa9 Not
Pleased With Being Changed on
the Programme.
. The Women's Political Equality Club
was represented by a prettily decorated
hack driven by a colored jehu. It was
decorated in yellow, eschscholtzias, mar
guerites and yellow satin. The ladies in
the conveyance were the National presi
dent, Miss Susan B.Anthony; the State
president, Mrs. A. A. Sergent; the county
president, Mrs. Alice Stocker, and the
city president, Mrs. S. C. Borland.
In the souvenir programme they were
listed as No. 23 of class C, but when they
appeared on the ground they were given
No. 35 of that class, which was the first
extra number and was not on the pro
gramme. This fact greatly annoyed the
ladies, as they readily saw they would
lose 'a bie advertisement. "I think it
very strange,"- -said Miss Anthony. "It
is cto way to treat the ladies who went to
he expense and work to decorate a car
riage. They thus lost the benefit of at
tracting attention to this suffrage move
nelit." o
Many Quite Unique and Hand9Ome
Designs Are Intro
duced.
The bicycle parade was one of the most
interesting features of the day for wheel
men, as well as the big audience in gen
eral. -It was scheduled for 3 o'clock, but
the other e.vents had. consumed so much
time that it was almost 4- o'clock before
the wheelmen came into line.
When, however, they did appear,
it was a signal for prolonged applause.
The vari-colored decorations blended into
one resplendent rainbow, and as the silent
steeds passed the grand stand, the au
dience showed its appreciation of the
pretty designs. " .
First came a line of singles/each decked
with masses of cut flowers. Then followed
tandems similarly adorned. The groups
came in liae in brilliant array, and it. is
probable that never before have s'ach elabo
rate designs been seen i . any similar
parade.
Triplets and tandems were transformed
into floral bowers, while groups of singles
propelled houses, decorated with the floral
luxuries of the season.
Bert Lund and Miss Mabel Shoo guided
a tandem, about which had been built a
large ship. This was worked out with car
nations for the hull and roses represented
the masts. From the tip of each mast
streamers of flowers were stretched to the
spars, while in the rear floated a half
furled sail.
A. P. Swain of the Acme Club intro-
duced a novel feature. His wheel was
radiant with blossoms, and from the 1 front
of the handle-bars a floral rod extended,
on which was perched a dozen snow-white
doves. These were confined with stream
ers of white and about the whole dainty
spray? of ferns were entwined.
Af t^r the procesBion had wended its way
three times past the judges' stand, the
awards were finally determined upon.
Howard French, captain of the East
Oakland "Wheelmen, captured the blue
banner for the finest decorated single bi
cycle.
Above the seat of his machine was reared
a Icvely canopy of pink La France roses,
while beneath, the stars and stripes were
worked out in blue violets and red and
white carnations.
The single wheel from the Acme Club,
representing a huge floral dove with wings
outstretched, carried off the red banner
and as well the second prize.
In the groups Bert Lund and Miss Ma
bel Shoo received the honors. They were
mounted, as before stated, on the tandem,
which had been converted into a floral
shin.
W hen the club prizes were considered it
was the unanimous opinion that the Reli
ance Club had not. ojjly the largest num
ber of men in line but also the oest deco
rated whceis, and consequently two first
prizes came to them, for these were the
two points necessary. ;
In their hurry to escape the cold wind
the lucky riders did not wait to secure
their banners, but quickly retired tojheir
dressing-rooms. To-night, however: tne
Macdonough Theater was filled with the
victors and their friends, and then the
trophios were awarded. •
As each man stepped up to claim his
prize his fellow-clubmen cheered vocifer
ously and the honors of the day were for
gotten in the glory of the moment ■
Crack Riders Compete In the
Numerous Bicycle
Races.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 1.— Fifty thou
sand people witnessed the Fabiola: fete
to-day and as many as could crowd into
the grounds saw the bicycle races, which
were a- strong feature of the celebration.
Summary: . . .
One mile novice— First heat: C. Goodwin
won, A. N. Kitchen second. Time, 2AWX:
Second, heat: W. Agnew won, J. K. Kenna
second.- Time, 2:32 2 5-
Third 1 heat: E. Wulzer won, C. Westphal
second. . Time, 2:38 4-5.
Fourth heat: <i. A. Wyman won, E. Curtis
second. . Time, 2:3!) 4-.',
Fifth heat: C H. Sharpies" won, E. A. Bar
neau second.. Time, 2:47 3-5.
Finals will be run off" to-morrow.
Two-mile amateur handicap— First heat: G.
?V», C^ a J ts won> H- W- Squires second, lime,
u:Ol 1-5.
Second heat: C. D. Gooch .won. C. D. Good
win second. Time, 5 03
Third heat. P, Mott won, G. H. Hamlin sec
ond. Time, 5:04 2-5.
Two-mile professional handicap, E. J. Ed
wards (60 yards) won, R. Long (100. yards) sec-
One-mUe' amateur handicap, first heat, H.
• qu J,F ea (35 y arf l«) won, A. M. Boydec sec
ond. Time, 2:22 1-5.
Second heat, A. Freeman won, E. Saunders
second. Time, 2:29 2-5
.Third heat, p. a. Deacon won, T. L. Alborells
second. Time", 2:23 2-5
Foinh heat, (,. h. Crafts won, C. D. Gooch
second. Time, 2:24.
One-mile professional. Wilbur Edwards won,
C. R. Coulter second. Time 2-39 1-5.
Three-ciile tandem. Reliance Club pair (Bates
and Deacon) won. Acme team (Schleuter and
Kenna) second. Time, not given.
Only Three Polo Ponies Con-
tested In This
Event.
The Bnrlingame steeplechase created in
terest, though only three of the expected
starters came np to the line. They were
J. Talbot Clifton's Jumping Jack, 8med
berg's Lancer and McCreery's Chance.
The ponies, which were ridden by their
owners, got off in a bunch, but at the
quarter Clifton fell four lengths to tiie
rear. This left Jbancer and Chance the
only two in the race.
On the homestretch the little ponies
made neat jumps over the hurdles
Smedbers; had the fastest horse and
after the last barrier was passed it was a
walkover for him. McCreery came in sec
ond by ten lengths, while Clifton was dis
tanced.
Performances at Central Park
To-Day Will Be Ques
tioned.
A DOWN GRADE THAT FAVORS
Pertinent Comments on This Year's
Peculiar Coast Championship
Meet.
This afternoon is to mark a radical inno
vation in track and field contests. At
Central Park grounds will be inaugurated
some ideas never before associated with
the conditions of a championship field
day.
Many of the foolish traditions that are
still hampering aspiring record-makers in
other parts of the world are broken away
from in one unprecedented burst, equaled
only by the possibilities in flattering re
sults to be obtained through the new
system.
The Pacific Coast may go on record as
sanctioning records made on a down grade.
The ardor of the supporters of one
athletic team has resulted in the cham
pionship games being hastily held nearly
a month earlier than generally expected,
and with an easy disregard of the hard
ship worked to individuals outside of th'e
college teams that might have been in
tending to compete, but who could not
with justice to themselves after being sud
denly deprived of the best part of their
expected weeks of trainine.
The new running track of mushroom
growth has no cinders, the back stretch is
undulating and the whole course is on an
incline. The 100-yard straightaway, also
of plain earth, has a fall of three feet.
The run to the take-off for the jumps is
slightly downhill, as is also the landing
beyond. The hammer-throws will be
made in a slightly downhill field.
The shot-put may, from the lesser dist
ance covered, be made under conditions
that will permit of an authentic record.
These things are what go to make the field
day remarKable. But there is yet another
departure from the foolish old customs
that have been long observed at champion
ship meets. This, according to the medals
on exhibition, is to be a coast champion
ship in which there are other than scratch
events.
Notwithstanding all these innovations
the several events may be just as well con
tested and as interesting to watch as they
would be under standard conditions, and
besides, the spectators may have the
rather questionable satisfaction of think
ing that many records are beLng shattered.
Peter Mclntyre, one of the pioneers of
track athletic sports on this coa*t, laughed
yesterday afternoon when asked if records
could stand on sued a track- He was
superintending the superficial prepara
tions, for he is a recognized authority,
havine built the Olympic track and d'i
rected work on the Stanford University
oval. '
"No," he said ; "there are only threa
tracks in this 8tate at present where the
championships might properly be held—
those of the universities aad the one at the
Olympic grounds.
"I had been asked some time ago to
superintend the building of a proper ~track
at Sacramento for the championships on
May 30, but just a few days ago I heard
that the meet was changed to Central
Park. A track can't be made in one day,
and without cinders. This place could oe
jnade all right, but they were in too much
of a hurry."
The following communication from the
captain of tbe Stanford team speaks for
itself:
Editor Cell: Stanford will not enter a team
for tne. field-day on May 2. This ohould be un
derstood in order to avoid the unfair inference
that may be made after the games that the re
cent intercollegiate tie has been settled.
Four individuals have entered on their own
account just to show that there is no ill feeling
for we wish to aid the main purpose of the
field-day, the possibility of Berkeley sending a
team East.
We have never thought of the field-day on
May 2 as unything but a benefit to raise funds
for that' trip.
All our energies as a team were centered in
the intercollegiate field-day that was to decide
the college championship, and when that was
over the. men did not feel that thev could
longer spare the time from their studies, par
ticularly as the end of the term was close at
hand.
This field-day at Central Park cannot
amount .. to much as a championship
meet as the grounds are not what
they should be, and because the large
athletic clubi have not entered teams. They
were taren by surprise; they expected the
coast championships would be held on May 30
As it is, the day will amount simply to a con
test between Berkeley's whole representation
and a lot of under-trained men.
It seems that undue prominence has been
Riven the event. It is also wrong to claim
that the team winning this field-day should by
reason of that fact be hailed as the one best
entitled to represent California in the East
This might be true if the athletic clubs had
had equai advantages and were considered in
the race. George Toombs,
Captain Stanford Track Toam.
•Captain Gill of the Olympic team says
that, with the expectedtime for training,
his men could have taken a third of the
iirst places in the championship meet, but
he acknowledges that in second and third
places the colleges would have a complete
advantage over the small Olympic entry.
To substantiate his assertion he mentions
the events and the athletes that might
fairly have been counted on to win them.
The mile walk would go easily to Yates
when in condition, as he is able to do the
mile easily in 7 min. 30 sec. and less, a
performance that Merwin of Berkeley
.cannot approach. Tne half mile and the
Suarter might go to the Coffin brothers,
ert having in one field -day won both
events in 2 min. 3-5. sec. and 51 1-5 sec. re
spectively- much better time than made
by any other likely entries.
Patterson, Berkeley's high-jumper of
last year, but now an Olympic, holds the
coast record for Jast year, made 5 feet 11>£
inches in competition with the Olympic
crowds. Lewis, a pole-vaulter, i3 said to
be good for 10 feet 6 inches and wonJd
stand an even change with the best, Dole
not excepted. Then there is Frank Fos
ter, who has jumped 23 feet in a trial an.d
in competition has a record of 22 feet 6
inches, something that has not been ap
proached by the collegians this year.
Some of these men will enter to-day, but
not as properly trained competitors.
It Gets an ex- County Official of Hum
boldt Into Trouble.
T. H. Selvage, ex-District Attorney of
Humboldt County, was arrested yesterday
on a charge of fraudulent embezzlement
and of being a party to a fraudulent con
veyance.
The complairanCR. B. Hollingsworth,
says that he purchased a half interest in a
sliding buckle patent from C. A. Conger
covering the territorial rights of Califor
nia, Oregon, Washington and Nevada, and
that afterward Selvage and others organ
ized the Conger Sliding Buckle Company,
which usurped his rights.
Selvage was released on $2100 bonds. He
says tne whole thing is a personal matter
between Hollingsworth and Conger.
C. A. Conger, the original owner of the
patent, who is said to have sold HoUings
worth a half interest with territorial
rights, etc., was arrested last night, in
default of bonds, he was given lodgings in
the City Prison.
After the cocoons have been finished the
worms are killed by the heat either of
steam or of hot water. If the insect were
allowed to escape the value of the cocoons
would be lessened.